VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 74.
GREECE DECIDES TO INTERFERE
Notifies the Powers That
Christians Must Be
Protected.
IS COMPELLED TO TAKE
A HAND.
Crete's Demand for a Union With
: the Mother Country
Heeded.
STATESMEN UNITE IN THE BOLD
MOVE.
It Would Now Appear That All the Leading
Powers May Become Involved in the Island
Warfare Started by Religious
Fanatics.
. ' ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 11.— The Gov
ernment bas formulated a notification to
. the powers setting forth that Greece can
not remain a mere spectator of the events j
which are taking place in Crete, and that !
the ties of race and religion compel her to |
intervene in behalf of the oppressed and '
• outraged Christians in that island.
In the Chamber of Deputies last even
ing Premier Delyannis said that either
the Pone would be prevented by the pow
ers from sending re-enforcements to Crete
\ or would persist in sending them there.
. In either case, the Premier declared, tbe ,
Greek Government had decided to take '
y action promptly and decisively. When
ft Crete demanded a union with the mother
" country, he said, Greece could not remain I
indifferent.
At the conclusion of the remarks of
Premier Delyannis the leader of the op- I
position assured the Premier that the
Government would have the heartiest j
support of the opposition, which assur- |
ance evoked prolonged cheers.
Tbe Cretan committee here is making
preparations on a large scale to land men '
and munitions of war upon the shores of I
Crete, and the first installment of 600 men !
embarked and sailed last evening.
Assim Bey, the Turkish Minister, to- '
day visited the 4'oreicn Office, and acting !
. under instructions from his Government i
made a protest against the dispatch of the
Greek torpedo fleet to Crete. Assim Bey I
was treated with tbe utmost courtesy,
but was informed, so far as diplomacy '
allowed, of the attitude of Greece on the !
Cretan question. His protest, however, '<
was so far as known productive of no i
result.
The Greek Government will not recall
the fleet, and furthermore a second flotilla
will shortly start for Crete.
The troubles in the island have caused !
many of the residents to flee to Greece for |
safety. Since the outbreak began fully j
8000 Cretans have arrived at the Piraeus
As in the case of the previous exodus i
from Crete, many ot the refugees are un
able to care for themselves, and the Gov- i
ernment will be compelled to extend aid j
to them.
Advices received here from Crete say j
that a fight occurred at Kastelli in the
province of Kissamo yesterday. Thirty
Christians and 100 Moslems were killed.
Crowds continue to surround the palace, j
cheering the King for his action in send- j
■ ing warships to Crete.
FLURRX J.\ MARKETS.
Speculators Would Profit by a General
European War,
LONDON, Eng., Feb. IL— The stock
market was weak and flat to-day on the
reports of threatened fighting between
Greece and Turkey, and closed depressed.
PARIS. France, Feb. 11.— A very pan
icky feeling prevailed at the Bourse at
the opening this morning, but later there
was an improvement on the report that
the powers intended to prevent Greece
from intervening in the Cretan trouble.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 11.— There
was a depressed tone at the opening of
the Bourse here to-day, but afterward
there was a calmer feeling.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 11.— The Cretan
question caused heavy sales to be made
at the Bourse to-day. The market was
weak.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Feb. 11—
COLLIS MUST PAY THE TAXES.
• FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. IL— Judge Alex Humphrey of Louisville left for
] New York to-day, where he will meet the chief attorneys for the Southern Pacific
Railroad and bold a conference in regard to the contemplated suit that will
shortly be filed against tbe road by the Attorney-General, unless the attorneys for
the road agree to pay the tax. The Southern Pacific people will report back "with
in a week's time, and it will then be definitely known what action will be taken.
It is now believed that the road will conclude to pay the taxes rather than have
an official recommendation for the repeal of its charter. General Taylor said to
night that speedy action must be taken by the road.
The San Francisco Call
It is said that semi-official circles here are
strongly opposed to Turkey being ousted
from Crete.
MASSACRES ARE RESUMED.
Moslems and Christian.* Roth Perish by
the Hundred.
CANEA Crete, Feb. 11.— It is stated
on good authority that the Governor of
Crete, Georee Pasba Berovitsch, is desir
ous of resigning his office, but that tbe
Porte has expressed the wish that he
should remain here. The entire Moslem
population about the city of. Heraklion
lies entered that place, where they at
tacked the Christians and pillaged their
shops.
The Prefect of Sitia reports that 300
Moslems have been killed in that district
by Christians. It is reported . that the
Moslems at Retimo have blown up with
dynamite a number of houses owned or
occupied by Christians. No mention is
made of loss of lire being caused by the
explosion.
It is reported that Christians are mas
; sacring Moslems in the villages around
i Canea, and that thirteen of the villages
| are burning. The Moslem's continue to
| prevent the departure from the island not
only of the native Christians, but also of
! the foreigners. It is probable that the
| foreign warships there will intervene and
j demand that those who wish to leave the
t island shall be allowed to do so without
| hindrance.
Confirmation has been received of the
reports of atrocities committed on women
and children in Kisame and Kasteli.
GRE CIA X IX XUR F'ER EX CE.
It May Cause a General War Among
European Potters.
CONSTANTINOPLE, TiRKEY.Feb. 11.—
The news of Grecian interference in the
Island of Crete has caused intense ex
citement here. The Porte has communi
cated by telegraph with the powers, ask
ing their support in the efforts of Turkey
to restore order in Crete, and the Em
bassadors are conferring upon the ques
tion of exerting pressure upon Greece to
compel a recall of the Greek fleet from
Cretan waters. The next few days are
awaited with great anxiety, as it is ad
mitted that the situation is more threat
ening that at any time within recent years
and that war may be the result.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. IL— Much interest
is felt as to the effect of the action just
taken by Greece regarding Crete. The
action was not unexpected, as the events
of the past few days have pointed steadily
in that direction. What the effect of
Grecian intervention will be can hardly
be predicted, it is believed that Greece
would not have acted in this manner had
it not been assured of strong support, and
wben that support is better understood
it will be ea«ier to forecast the future.
It is generally admitted, however, that
affairs are more threatening than they
have been for a long time. If war should
come it will be impossible to tell how far
it will go, as in the present unsettled con
dition of affairs it may involve the whole
of Europe.
SERIOUS W.tltXIJtG TO GREECE.
Powers Will Leave lur key a Free Uand
to Act.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 11.— special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Vienna
says:
The Vienna Cabinet bas directed a roost
serious warning to Greece. It is learned
further from exclusive sources that the
powers have informed Turkey that they
cannot force Greece to withdraw her fleet,
but will leave Turkey a free band.
Anarchy is reigning at Athens. Th*
Ministry was only temporarily saved by
embarkation in a bad enterprise. Eng
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
land is accused secretly of having forced
Russia's hand.
Even the ultra-liberal Tageblatt says:
"If King George is deaf to earnest re
monstrances his impotence must ba
drastically brought home to him."
The Neve Freie Presse warns Greece
that if provoked Turkey would be justified
in attacking Tbessaiia with disastrous
consequences to Greece. The same jour
nal publishes a telegram from Constanti
nople showing that the whole of the Cre
tan troubles have been long and syste
matically fomented by a Cretan committee
at Athens, which has sent numerous
emissaries to Crete, honeycombing the
island with seditious pamphlets.
This latest Greek coup was not entirely
unexpected in diplomatic circles, since re
peated suspicious inquiries have been ad
dressed by the commander of the Greek
fleet to the commanders of ships of other
nationalities in Cretan waters as to what
action would be taken in certain eventu
alities.
A special cable dispatch to the Herald
from St. Petersburg says: In certain dip
lomatic quarters lately there exists ex
ceeding speculative and nervous anxiety
concerning the Black Seasquadion, which
is collected and ready to steam at any
hour from Sebastopol.
Here the Admiralty staff has been
busied calculating exactly the time in
which the most rapid run could be made
from Sebastopol to Constantinople and
how quick the British fleet could get to
the Golden Horn.
As alarmist rumors are gaining ground
it will be useful to publish tne true situ
ation as told by one who has the best
reason to know. His words were: ''The
Russian fleet is prepared, not for the pur
pose of seizing Constantinople, but to
start at once if England were to attempt
any such movement, in which case it
would be a right to tiie end."
PA RU AN ENT BUILDING BURNS.
Damaging Fire in Ottawa and There Was
No Insurance on the Property
Destroyed.
OTTAWA 0-\T., Feb. 11. —At 5:45
o'clock this afternoon fire started in the
packing-room of the public works in the
upper part of the Parliament buildings.
Owing to lack of water pressure the flames
j spread over almost tbe entire roof, and at
| 10 o'clock to-night were still in progress.
The offices so far burned were for clerks.
Some old records have been burned, hut
most of the valuable papers were removed.
The stationery offices and photograph gal
lery of the public works are in the por
tion of the building burned. There is no
insurance. The loss it estimated at $100,000.
At 1 o'clock this moi nine the fife is still
smoldering. The MacKenzie Annex,
Public Works Office, Marine and Fisheries
and Mounted Police departments are all
in ruins. Nothing but charred walls and
towers with a little of the iron work is
left. At a late hour the departments af-
Canea, the Capital of Crete, Showing the Harbor and Neighboring Buildings, Including the British Consulate.
fected say they did not lose any important
papers, though a batch of old records bad
disappeared. The Governor-General was
on the grounds.
A DINNER TO BAYARD.
Peers Were Present and the Embassador
Dwelt en the Ties That Bind Great
Britain and America.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 11.— The Royal |
Societies Club gave a dinner to-night in !
honor of Embassador Bayard. _ Among '
those present were the Archbishop of !
Canterbury, tbo Marquis of Lome and j
Lord Russell of Killowen, Lord Chief Jus- j
tice of England.
Mr. Bayard delivered one of bis char
acteristic speeches, dwelling upon the ties
that bind Great Britain and the United
States, and predicted that they would
grow stronger with the course of time as
the two peoples came to understand each
other better.
Referring to. the Anglo-American arbi
tration treaty Mr. Bayard said that now
the principle of arbitration bad been ad
mitted he did not believe the treaty could
be permanently obstruc ed, though there
might be delay in bringing it into opera
tion.
I'olsO'tid Their Husbands.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 11.— A story of
wholesale murder reaches here from a
small village in Hungary. It appears that
there were a large number of unfaithful
wives in the village who were desirous of
ridding themselves of their husbands in
order that they might the more easily
carry on their liaisons with their lovers.
Eighteen of them procured poison, which
they administered to their husbands with
fatal results. The murders have caused
the greatest excitement among the ; peas
ants, to which class the womenjand their
victims belong.
DAN STUART
AT CARSON
And Now Arrangements
for the Big Fight Will
Proceed.
NEVADA'S CAPITAL THE
MECCA FOR PUGS.
It Ii Certain That the Race-
Track Will Be the Scene
of Battle.
OTHER SITES OFFERED NOT
LARGE ENOUGH.
The Manrg rs cf the Fistic Carnival
Expect to Seat Twenty-Eight
Thousand Spectators.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 11.— morning
a great crowd was at the depot and wit
nessed Dan Stuart get off the train. He
was accompanied by Mr. Wheelock, his
aeent, and Al Livingston. Billy Woods
and Joe Egan, Corbeti's private secretary,
also arrived. Stuart bad come direct
from San Francisco and looked a trifle
tired, as he had been up until 4 o'clock in
the morning. It bad been a merry party
along the road, and the press correspond
ents say tbat they all had a headache.
Stuart had painted the car with cham
pagne, and in fact exhausted the supply.
He went rom the train to the Arlington,
where rcoms had been engaged, and
after registering he called the press repre
sentatives together and said : "The fight
will le in Carson. • You can wire it to the
press." He then headed for his room and
went to bed. • There was a race for the
telegraph office and the news was soon on
the wire, and it spread from mouth to
mouth, causing a broad grin of delight to
wreathe the face of Carson. /
Coming up on the train Stuart said that
there was talk of a go between Maher ana
Sharkey, but he did not seem to have
much of an opinion ol either man as a
drawing card. His idea was, however,
that a battle between Lavigne and some
man he might be able to find would be a
great event. Lavigne weighs 137 pounds
in the ring, and he regards him as the
greatest fighter of his weight in the world.
He is trying to locate some man near the
same weight who is fit to go against him.
A* yet he knows of no one who could meet
the great pace the lightweight could set
when called on.
The exact location of the pavilion was
not announced, but will be to-morrow. It
will be large enough to hold 28,000 people,
and Stuart expects to fill it. It will be
nearly square in form. The Carson and
Tahoe F.ume Company must have bad a
tip some time ago or felt pretty certain,
as the yard has been running full-handed
on lumber and dimension timber. The
place of location • will probably be the
racetrack, as it is near the track which
takes lumber from the mill and close to
where the Pullmans would sidetrack.
The north half of the track is an ideal
place for such a building, where the
ground is as level as a billiard-table . for
twelve or fifteen acres.
Yesterday the town was invaded by re
porters, artists and kodak sharps who
were "shooting" at- every conceivable
place thsy could imagine, a big building
might be put up. The plans are on the
way and will be in Carson this week if
they are not already here. Yesterday the
location of training quarters was still in
abeyance. . Corbett's • private secretary
insisted on baying the Hot Springs man
agement put up »he handball court, and
Charlie Slingerland was about town with
a subscription paper in the afternoon
raising/the amount. He succeeded very
easily in securing it and Corbett will train
tbere and the court will co up at once. ...
j As soon as this was known there was a
rush of reporters and kodak people to the
spot and the livery men began to experi
ence the immediate effects of the "P. R."
law. They now keep horses bitched up
to buggies ready to race off anywhere at
a moment's notice at the beck and call
of newspaper correspondents who are
after scoops.
It was known last evening that Fred
Dangberg bad offered Stuart tbe old base
ball grounds near the box factory for
nothing if he would build there. Circus
exhibits, baseball matches and football
matches have hallowed the spot to sports
men, but as it was only 250 feet square
it was regarded as rather small, and noth
ing about Carson seems quite big enough
but the racetrack. There is talk of put
ling up a Tattersall hotel and making it a
sporting headquarters, but any attempt
on the part of the promoters of the scheme
to purchase a lot on Main street suitable
for such a building is met by a demand
for money enough to pave the ground
with gold. This wretched policy will kill
all the intentions of the promoters if it is
kept up. Catson could afford to give
these lots to investors, and she would still
be largely the gainer.
HAS SIUAHTS SHASOSS
Why Carson Has Selected as the Scene of
th* Fight.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 11.— Stuart bases
bis reasons for selecting Carson on tiie
ground that the accommodations are
ample and that the people wonted hard
to secure the passage of the glove-contest
bill and were therefore entitled to what
ever benefits might come from the big
crowd that will follow the fight. The
residents of Carson are beginning to wear
athletic sweaters instead of white shirts.
Major Hooper of the Occidental Hotel.
San Francisco, wired yesterday for
twenty-five front seats for the fight.
Sheriff Kinney received a dispatch from
a town in Ohio that 100 firemen wanted
seats at the ringside.
Some Eastern detectives arrived to-day
and arranged with the Sheriff to keep an
eye on the Eastern crooks which will visit
Carson next month. They bring photo
graphs of all the noted Eastern pick
pockets, and these pictures will be pub
lished and circulated to enable the public
to spot them. Corbett is billed to give a
sparring exhibition next Thursday even
ing at the opera-house. *
The Western Onion Company says they
can string extra wires from Reno to
handle the fight for $2500. ' '•
FITZ IX PIKE FETTLE.
Just as Confident a* Erer That Me Will
Whtp Cnrbett.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 11. — Bob Fitzsim
mons and three men and two dogs ar
rived at the Grand Central station to
night on the Baltimore and Ohio train
from New York. The pugilist's manager,
Martin Julian, Dan H.ckey and Ernest
Reeber, with whom the Cornishman
train-, were of the party. A big and curi
ous crowd of men and boys were at the
depot to welcome Fitzsimmons. George
Silver, who is to referee the big fight in
Carson City, was also there to greet one of
tbe parties to the contest and have a talk
with Julian.
The representatives of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad invited the party to
take a carriage and go to some sporting
resorts for refreshments until time to
board the 10 o'clock train on the Rock
Island road for Colorado, but Manager
Julian and Fitzsimmons declined with
thanks. ' They strolled leisurely over the
two blocks to the Van Bureu street depot,
! the Australian champion leading his does
to give them exercise. He was followed
by a gaping crowd and had to take refuge
in a baggage-car with his pets.
• To a representative of the United As
sociated Presses Fitzsimmons said he was
feeling in fine condition, weighing about
179, and if he did not think he could whip
Corbett he would not have si ned articles.
He expects to arrive in Carson City next
Thursday, which would leave him a month
ot exclusive training at bis quarters all
he would want.
Martin Julian showed a big roll of bills,
amounting to $5000, which be explained
was the side bat for the fight. He an
nounced -that he would send the money
from Colorado Springs to Al Smith, the
stakeholder, in New York, explaining that
he did not pay over the money in New
York so as to - avoid any possible chance
of legal disturbance. He intends to co
right through to Carson and select the
training quarters. He has offers from
three' places. Fitzsimmons will make
three stops to give exhibitions — at Pueblo,
Colorado Springs and Leadville. Julian
said he, Hickey and Roe ber would be
behind Fitzsimmons in the ring.
Steinita taken Suddenly 111.
: BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 11.— The Lokal
Anzeiger has a dispatch from Moscow
stating that Steinitz. the well-known
chessplayer, has been taken suddenly ill
with a nervous disease, and that he bas
been removed to Dr. Morosoff's institute.
CORBETT IS HOME AGAIN.
Looks Hearty and Asserts
That He Never Felt
Finer.
CONFIDENT OF DEFEATING
FITZ.
In One More Week He Will Go
Into Active Training at
Shaws Springs.
SUNDAY HE WILL SPAR AT THE
CHUTES WITH McVEY.
Some of the Champion's Opinions on the Fight
and on Other Things — Win or Lose, He
Declares That This Will Be His
Last Battle.
| [Corbett arrived yesterday morning on
the overland, accompanied by his wife,
his brother Harry, who went to Nevada
to meet him, Jack McVey, bis trainer, and
one or two others.
He looked in first-class physical condi
tion as be greeted a number of bis friends
in Oakland. His eye was bright and clear,
bis skin healthful in tint, and the old
ng-y wrinkles that gave bim a dissipated
look on the occasion of his last visit here
have entirely disappeared. In motion he
was lithe and alert and in voice firm and
confident. : -
At Sixteenth-street station he was met
by bis father and mother, bis two broth
ers, Frank and Joe, and his little sister
Hazel. The greetings exchanged were
very affectionate, though his relatives
were so glad to see him that at first not
much was said on either side.
"How are yon, Jimmie boy exclaimed
the delighted father. "My, but you're
looking fine jX" X.X£'S. .■
"Oh, I'm in tiptop shape, dad," replied
the son. "You can't imagine how I've
been developing muscle lately. Why,
muscles have been making their existence
manifest in the last few months that I
never dreamed of having before."
Jim's lather nodded bis bead in high
approval. "That's just it," he said with
conviction. "That's perfectly true.
You're just like a fine-blooded racehorse.
It needs only a little training to put you
on your mettle."
On the way across the water to this City
the ladies went into the cabin, but Corbett
himself, surrounded by the gentlemen
who had met him in Oakland and others
who happened to be on the boat and knew
him, preferred standing on the deck out
side, where the salt air could be breathed
without restraint. He shook bands with
everybody in a hearty, genial fashion, and
in response to a query regarding his con
dition replied with a laugh: "By George,
it is astonishing how the first question
everybody seems to ask is about my con
dition. I must have been looking pretty
rocky when I left here, or else I cannot
account at all why this is so.
"Last night, to tell the truth, I didn't
get any sleep worth mentioning. It is
impossible to sleep when one comes to
San Francisco by way of Sacramento.
You're just, deep in slumber wben you
reach the capital, and there you're shaken
out of it so thoroughly that there is ab
solutely no use in trying to get another
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I nap. You have to give up and read the
| papers or talk.
"But what's the use of making a fuss
over the loss of a little sleep," be added.
"This air is one of the best recuperators I
ever ran across."
Just then Corbett's eye happened to fall
upon his trainer, McVey, and his father,
i who were standing off to one side talking
jin subdued tones. He watched them a
minute and then laughed heartily, causing
both to turn their eyes in his direction.'
"Do you know?" he queried in under
tones, "that I can tell you exactly what
they're talking about? Well, lean. He's
wanting to know of McVey if I'm in
good shape to do 'im all right. Mac'll
brace bim up all right."
When the two drew near the main
group again Corbett asked his father if he
was satisfied things were as they should
be. Corbett Sr. apparently thought so,
for he just laid his hand affectionately on
his big son's shoulder and looked
confident.
"Tney gave you a great greeting in
Nevada, didn't they?" queried a member
of the party.
'Oh, yes; they're good people up there,"
was the answer.
"Things there are pretty slow, usually,
I guess, and they like anything to break
the monotony.
"I saw Governor Sadler, and took ad
vantage of the occasion to compliment
him for the stand he has taken in favor of
manly sport. The Governors of other
States are afraid of losing some votes.
While I was in Carson the Governor went
with me to look over my training quar
ters."
"They tell us," suggested one of his
brothers, with a sly wink to the crowd,
"that they laid you out in some of the
handball games you played on your way
West" " •
"Who in thunder said that?" blurted
the champion indignantly. "Why, from
the time I left New York I have done
up every man I met, the crack players of
every city at which we stopped. They put
their champion against me in St. Louis,
and when he got teat they claimed that it
was because we used a soft instead of a
hard ball. I invited him to try it again
with a hard ball, and though I wasn't used
to it, I did him up worse than ever."
Everybody laughed. Then Corbett saw
the point and laughed as well. About
this time the boat drew into tbe slip.
When the party landed Corbett elbowed
his way through the crowd, stopping here
and there to shake hands with a friend,
and led his mother, wife and sister to a
carriage in waiting. Stepping in himself
they were driven to the St. Nicholas Hotel.
The remainder of the party followed on
the cable-cars.
At the hotel Corbett changed his travel
ing suit for one of a mixed gray tweed,
and donned a milk-white sweater. He
will stay at the hotel until he leaves for
Nevada Monday evening. In the after
noon he walked downtown in company
with his brothers Joe and Frank to his
brother Harry's poolrooms on Ellis street.
Here a great crowd was waiting to re
ceive him, and he spent some time in
shaking hands and answering queries.
Harry Corbett's Scotch collie. Laddie, sim
ply fell in love with Jim, who took great
delight in tantalizing him by bouncing a
rubber ball and keeping it out of the dog's
reach. Even when he went into a rear
room for an interview the dog followed in
few minutes, having spent the interim in
searching for him, and lay down at his
feet. mi% i
"How do I feel? Well, candidly, I feel
j as strong as I ever felt in my life,'' said
J Corbett in answer to the oft-repeated
i question, as a smile lit up his counte
nance. "I do not intend to remain in this
City long, as I bad a little experience in
I Carson while I was there tbat gave me to
j understand that a man must be thor
| oughly acclimated to the high altitude if
! he hopes to engage successfully in any
I athletic competition.
"You see, I had a little try-out, by way
j of experience, with one of my trainers,
j and don't you kr.ow the effect was sur
prising. I was puffing like a good fellow
after each round, and it was no easy task
for me to catch my wind.
"The air is very light and the least ex
ertion will tell on a stranger to the moun
tain atmosphere. They tell me that after
I am a week or so in Carson I will get
along all right, and that I can engage in
heavy exercise without feeling in the least
bit fatigued. You know I have taken the
best of care of myself since my last visit2
CARSON ALL READY FOR A REAL ESTATE BOOM.
[Reproduced from the Chicago R cord.]
to this City. I had a little experience
then which taught me a lesson that I am
not liable to forget in a hurry. When I
journeyed East after that Sharkey affair I
never missed an opportunity to take a lit
tle practice, either at bag-punching, play
ing handball — whicn is my favorite game,
of course— wrestling and boxing. 1 have
also been careful as to what went into my
stomach. I did not eat everything that
looked tempting, by a long shot. In fact,
I used particular care to eat nothing that I
thought would annoy the inner man, but
I am surprised at the result.
"I am feeling now as strong as the day
1 met Sullivan, and, if everything goes
all right with me in the mountains, I will
make that fellow who said 1 have been
trying to avoid a meeting with him wish
that he had never seen Jim Corbett. But
what's the use in talking. Time will tell
who is the better man, and after the bat
tle the people who have been reading thS
newspaper reports can then form an opin
ion which will be lasting. I shall say no
more about Fitzsimmons until I meet
him in the ring.
"You can say, however, that, win or
lose, this will be my last battle. Of course,
I expect to win. I don't care a fig about
the championship. They can all get in
and light for it after I get through with
Fitzsimmons. I know he is a dangerous
man and can hit a powerful blow, Dut I
do not propose to enter that ring for the
purpose of allowing Fitzsimmons or any
other man to make a target of my head.
What would my science be worth to me if
Fitzsimmons could land as he pleased? I
expect to get hit, but I also expect to get
away from blows that are considered
dangerous."
"How about that mucb-talked-of side
bet between you and Fitzsimmons?" was
asked.
"Well, my money is tin in Al Smith's
hand and all he has to do is to cover it.
1 have not heard ofa cent being put up by
either Fitzsimmons er Julian. To "tell
you the truth, I do not propose to force
the issue, as he might crawl out of a
meeting. I shall put no stumbling-block
in his way. If he or any of his friends
want to make a side bet. all well and
good. I will meet any amount of coin
Fitzsimmons will put up on the side, and
that's all I can say about that part of the
arrangements.
"Yes, I have selected Shaw's Springs as
my training station. It is a nice location,
within easy reach of Carson City. Billy
Woods, Charles White, Jim McVey and
Billy Delaney will look after my inter
ests. They are all good fellows and we
will get along splendidly. If I can arrange
with Jeffries, the Los Angeles heavy
weight, to come to Carson after his go
with Stelzner I will have him spar with
me. He is a big husky fellow, and I think
he will make a good man after he has had
some experience. From what I under-
Matid from some of the boys this fellow
Jeffries is a very promising fellow.
"Where will Fitzsimmons train? Well,
I guess he will train at Steamboat Springs,
which is about twenty miles from Carson.
His affairs do not interest me any. I
hope, though, that he will be in fine con
dition when I meet him in the ring, as
there is no honor in whipping a sick man.
CHAMPION JAMES J. CORBETT as He Appeared on. His Arrival in Town Yesterday. He
Was Smiling and Happy and to All External Appearances in the Best of Health.
| Anyhow, he must be in good fix, as the
! rules read that the contestants must be
j physically in first-class condition on the
day of the fight."
Corbett weighs about 185 pounds now,
' and as be is as hard as nails he expects to
j enter the ring weighing 180 pounds.
He will play handball to-day at the
| Olympic Club against Jim Nealon, Jack
i Bonnet and Billy Kennedy. Corbett may
j possibly engage Jack Riordan, who is the
j champion handball-player of the coast, to
; play bali with him in Carson, where a
j court is now being constructed for the
! champion at a cost of $500.
Tuesday night Corbett will give a boxing
I exhibition in Reno. Wednesday night
j the sporting men of Virginia City will
have a chance to see him spar. Thursday
evening he will give an exhibition at
j Carson City, and then he will turn his at
! tention tothe work of hard training.
PUGILISTIC CARFARE.
Southern Pacific In No Hurry to
Fix the Rate to Nevada.
There are indications that Dan Stuart
and his lieutenant, Mr. Wheelock, re
| turned to Nevada last Wednesday without
! a final and satisfactory interview with
I Gene Passenger Agent T. H. Goodman
of the Southern Pacific concerning a round
' trip excursion rate to the city which will
j be the scene of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons
| battle.
In fact Mr. Goodman stated yesterday
| that no final figures had been determined
! upon. He said further:
''There is no need of hurry in fixing
upon the local rate. The pugilistic con
test will not take place for several weeks.
No Eastern rates have been determined
on at least none that we have heard of.
We would like to know what the rate is to
be from the East."
From this it is considered probable that
j no local fare to the fight will be made till
I the rate irom the principal Eastern points
i are made public. A rate may be made
that will be an inducement to Eastern
i pupilits to come on to the coast to re-
J cuperate from their financial losses or cir
culate their winnings in California.
Corbott WIU Play Ball.
Jim Corbett has made arrangements to
play a series of handball games this after
noon at the outdoor grounds of the Olym
pic Club. He ha« an engagement to meet ;
Superintendent Kennedy at 12 m. to-day, !
at the club on Post street, and from that ■
place he will journey to the grounus. Cor- j
bett intends to play Kennedy, Bonnet. '
Riordan and Nealon a game each, alter j
which he will be ready for a good hand
rubbing.
s ASHEE ON BAIL.
Attorney in tho Livingston Case Is Out
on Bonds.
Maurice L. Asher, who was arrested by
order of Judpe Wallace on a charge of pro
curing false testimony in Department 10
of the Superior Court, has been released
on $3000 bail.
Asher will be called on to appear before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
the Grand Jury and explain his relations
with the insolvency proceedings of Meyer
Livingston, who swore that he was made
insolvent by being robbed of $3300, but
when asked about the particulars or the
alleged robbery was not at>le to give a sat
isfactory account of the affair.
Because Livingston could not tel! any
thing specific about the circumstances of
the supposed robbery, not remembering
whether the money alleged to have been
stolen was in a green bag, a blue bag, a
buckskin purse, a canvas sack or an old
stocking, he was arrested on a charge of
perjury.
The jury which tried Livingston was
not able to agree, and immediat»ly after
the close of Livingston's trial Judge Wal
lace caused the arrest of Asher, who had
been Livingston's attorney in the insol
vency proceedings in Judge Slack's court.
Bulla of Los Angel»« Objects.
Senator Braunhart has telegraphed to Mayor
Phelan that Bulla of Los Angeles declines to
accede to the suggestion made by the Mayor
concerning the number of blocks upon which
streetcars may be allowed to run on the lines
of other roads. This was considered to be an
important matter by the Mayor.
NO COMPENSATION FOR IVORY.
English Statesmen Declare That It Would
Be Contrary to Precedent to
Reimburse Him.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 11.— In the House
of Commons to-day Patrick O'Brien, Par
nellite member for Kilkenny City, asked
the Government whether it was the in
tention to compensate Edward J. Ivory,
the alleged Irish- American dynamite
conspirator, the proceedings against
whom were recently dropped by the Gov
ernment for want of evidence, for his im
prisonment pending tbe trial and the ex
pense of defending himself against the
Government's unsupported charges.
Rght Hon. Arthur J. Balfour, First
Lord of the Treasury and the Government
leader in the House, replied that no com
munication had been received by the Gov
ernment from Ivory or any one in his be
half in regard to compensation, and that
the Home Secretary had informed him
that it would b? contrary to established
practice to admit any claim lor compensa
tion in such a case.
Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Sec
retary of Slate for the Colonies, reply
ing to a question by John W. Laurie,
Conservative member of the Pembrooko
and Haverford-West District, said he be
lieved that the Dominion of Canada was
disposed to contribute to the co«t of a line
of cable communicating between Bermuda
and Jamaica, but he was not awate that
Canada had offered the sum of £3000 to
that object, as Mr. Kurch had suggested
in his inquiry. However, he added, there
were several difficulties in the way of the
construction of such a cable, which Great
Britain had not yet surmounted.
APPROPRIATIONS
FOR CALIFORNIA
The Sums Reported in the
Completed Sundry Civil
Bill.
San Francisco Public Building,
$100,000;' New Lightship,
$40,000
G neral Appropriations in the Bill
$50,664 743— Noth : n; lor Sugar
Producers
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11.— The
Committee on Appropriations to-day com
pleted the sundry civil appropriation bill
and directed Cannon to report it to the
House. The bill carries $50,664,743, over
$8,000,000 below the estimates and $17,500,
--000 in excess of the appropriation for the
current year. The amounts include $17,
--529,053 for river and harbor con racts, and
the committee all ows $8,615,996 for such
purposes. The request of members from
Louisiana, Nebraska and Cal fornia for
$1,805,156 to pay the balance due sugar
producers under the law of 1890, was not
allowed.
Among the appropriations for public
buildings are the following: Nebraska —
Omaha, to complete, $25,000; South
Omaha, to complete, $75,000. Idaho-
Boise City, $100,000. Wyoming — Chey
enne, $100,000. Colorado— Denver, $100,
--000; Pueblo, to complete, $150,000. Mon
tana—Helena, $100,000. Calilornia— San
Fran ci sco, '$100,000. ,
Toward the construction of works on
harbors and rivers under contract hereto
fore made are the following items: Illi
nois ana Mississippi canal, $1,000,000;
Mississippi River, from the mouth of the
Missouri to St. Paul, Minn., $326,666;
Mississippi River, from Passes to the
mouth of the Ohio. $2,533,000; Missouri
River,' irom its mouth to Sioux City, .
$300,000.
For completing the channel connecting
the waters of the great Jakes between Cbi
cago, Duluth and Buffalo, $1,000,000;
Humboldt, Cal., $100,000; Grays Harbor,
Wash., $400,000; Willamette and Yamhill
rivers, Oregon, $160,000; Galveston, Tex.,
to complete, $500,000; Sabine Pass, Tex.,
$40,000.
Lighthouse department: Now lightship
in San Francisco harbor. $40,000. Other
items are as follows: Omaha exposition,
for construction of buildings aud for Gov
ernment exhibits. $200,000; completion of
revenue steamers on the great Jakes, $200,
--000; construction of steamer for use in
Alaskan waters, authorized to cost $125,
--000, $75,000 of which is appropriated.
Education in Alaska $30,000, reindeer
for Alaska $13,000, for relief o; native in
habitants ot Nebraska $14,000, enforcement
aiieu contract labor laws $100,000, armories
and arsenals $138,000, artiticial limbs and
appliances for soldiers $185,000, custodians
, of public buildings $845,000, Chickamauga
and Chattanooga National' parKs $175,000,
enforcement of Chinese exclusion act
$125,000, coast and geodetic survey $418,
--000, bounty, brffck pay. and claims to sol
diers $541,000, Indian depredation claims
$52,000, Pish Commission $365,000, fuel,
lights and water for public bu.ldings $870.
--| 000, furniture for public buildings $180,0J0,
! Gettysburg Military Park $50,000, «eo.og -
j cal survey $479,000, support of homes for
! disabled volunteer soldiers $2,500,000, to
j aid homes for soldiers in States and Terri
| tories $825,000, Interstate Commerce Com
| mission $250,000, life-saving service $1,562,
--j 000. support of lighthouse establishments
i $2,868,000; enlargement of military posts,
$400,000, mineral lands classification, $41,
--000; loadstones for military cemeteries*
$201,000; collecting revenue from sale of
public lands, $740,500; surveying public
land*. $345,000; public printing and bind
ing, $3,220,000; punishment for violations
of internal revenue laws, $50,000; quaran
tine service, $137,000; recoinage of goid
coins, $7300; recoinage of silver coins,
$250,000; publication of records of the War
or the Rebellion, $115,000; expenses of rev
enue cutter service, $1 100,000; Shiioh
military park, $60,000; survey of Northern
and Northwestern lakes, $27,000; sup
pressing counterfeiting and other crimes,
$75,000; transportation of coin, $80,000;
expenses of the United States courts
$5,069,000: Yellowstone Park, $35,000;
vaults, safes and locks, for public build
ings, $35,000.
CRITICISM FOR THE SEX ATE.
Morgan on a Diplomatic Appropriation'
for a Xetti Republic.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11.—
diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill, carrying an aggregate of $1 ,695,308, s
was passed after some caustic remarks by
Morgan of Alabama on an item of $10,000
for a Minister Plenipotentiary to the
States of Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Salva
dor. Two of these States, he said, had,
according to newspaper reports, formed
with Honduras a new Government, called
the Greater Republic of Central America,
sending a Minister to Washington who
had been formally received by the Presi
dent, and closing their respective Foreign
Offices, so that an American Minister
could hold no diplomatic relations with
them individually, but of this change the
President of the United States had. not
condescended to give any information to
Congress or the people.
Morgan spoke of this state of affairs as
having brought about a very awkward
complication, but be said that he had no
proposition to make about it. :
Neither had Hale (R.) of Maine, who
was in charge of the bill and who recog
nized the force of Morgan's observations,
but said that the Committee on Appro
priations had thought it better to leave
the item in the bill and let the State De
partment arrange the difficulty in the
way that might seem best to it.
An agreement was reached to have the
vote on the conference report to the im
migration bill taken up at 4 p. m. next
Wednesday.
At 1:30 o'clock the Senate went into ex
ecutive session on the arbitration treaty,
and contained to sit with closed doors
until 4:45 p. m., when it adjourned.
THE HOUSE AXD A SEMICOZOX.
Contested Election* Committee Reported
Against flatten of Georgia.
WASHINGTON, D. C, . Feb. 11.— A I
displaced semicolon in the bill providing
for the refunding of the bonded indebted
ness of the several Territories was tbe in
nocent cause of a wholly unexpected de
bate on the monetary question in the
House to-day, lasting two or three hours.
Two or three years ago Congress author
ized Arizona to sell some "gold" bonds,
upon the request of M. A. Smith, then the
delegate from that Territory, because the
Territory could get better terms for such
bonds than for "lawful-money" bonds.
Tbe bill under discussion authorized the
refunding of these particular bonds in
gold bonds, but the presence of a semi
colon in the text snegested to the mind of
McMillin (D.) of Tennessee tbe possibility
that the bill could be so construed as to
warrant the issue ot gold bonds for all the
bonds mentioned. From Payne's (it.) of
HWm'Mi imn > ni^Jiiii ii in* <wi ii mil ii mi
New York declaration that he could see
no harm that would result if all the bonds
were made-payable in gold a lively dis
cussion sprang up in which many mem
bers took part and which took a wide
ranee.
The most important statements in the
course of the debate were those of Knox
(D.) of Massachusetts, in charge of the
bill, that the country was upon a gold
basis and that it would doubtless continue
on that basis; tnat it would not initiate
any international bimetallic conference,
and that there was sufficient -statesman
ship in the Republic in party to provide
for the largest possible use of silver, and
that it would not be through the unlim
ited coinage of that metal.
At Knox's suggestion the semicolon was
replaced by a comma.
On McMillin's suggestion, the bonds,
other than the Arizona gold bonds named,
were made "lawful money of the United
States," and the bill was then passed.
The sundry civil appropriation bill for
the year ending June 30, 1898, was re
ported by Cannon (R.) of Illinois and
placed on the calendar.
Bartlett (D.) of Georgia presented the
unanimous report of Elections Committee
1 upon the contest of Thomas E. Watson
vs. J. C. Black from the Tenth District of
Georgia in lavor of Black, and said that
he would call it up at the first oppor
tunity.
The bill making appropriations for forti
fications lor the year ending June 30, 1898,
was considered and passed.
The postoffice appropriation bill was
taken up in committee of the whole and
discussed for an hour without action.
After the reading of the journal the
House went in committee or the whole,
Hull (R. of lowa in the chair, to consider
the fortifications appropriations bill. The
provisions of the bill were explained at
length by Hayne(R.)of Nebraska, alter
which the committee rose temporarily and
Cannon (R.) of Illinois reported the sun
dry civil appropriation bill, which was
completed this morning, and it was, with
out amendment, passed.
Knox (R.) of Massachusetts called up
the bill authorizing the funding of the
debts of the Territories.
The House went into committee of the
whole on the postoffice bill. The bill car
ries an appropriation of $95,600,000, an in
crease over the appropriation for the cur
rent year of $3,000,000.
In answer to questions by members.
Loud said there was, in his opinion, many
avenues through which tho expenditures
of the department could be largely re
duced, notably in the distribution of sec
ond-class mail matter, and in the rates
paid to the railroads for the transporta
tion of mail matter.
Bromwell (R.) of Pennsylvania said
that, as a member of the committee which
prepared the bill, he could not approve
the appropriation of $196,000 for special
facilities on trunk lines from Boston to
New Orleans. It was a pure gratuity, he
said, and while it was true that the ex
penditure was within the discretion of
the Postmaster-General, he doubted if
any man in the United States could or
would resist the pressure brought for the
disbursing of the appropriation after it
had bsen authorized by Congress.
The appropriation was detenaed by
Swanson (I).) of Pennsylvania.
The House then at 5:10 p. M. adjourned.
WOOL INTERESTS DISAGREE.
The Conference ot .he Big Associations
Ended in lirecracilable Differences
on High Tariffs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11— The
National Wool-Growers' Association and
the National As*ociation ol Wool Manu
facturers have split on the wool schedule
that each favor.--.
The conference has been in session here
almost continuously for the past two
days behind closed doors. An effort was
made to reach an agreement as to the
rates of duty on wool, which might be rec
ommended to the House Ways aud Means
Committee.
'"•" 8. D. N. North, secretary of the National
Association of Wool Manufacturers,
speaking of the disagreement, said: ''The
conference was entirely friendly at every
stage, but it ended in complete disagree
ment, due to irreconcilable differences of
opinion as to what a reasonable rate of
duty on wool is, under present condi
tions, and with a view to permanent tariff
laws.
Tbo manufacturers' committee, at the
request of the wool-growers, finally sub
mitted a schedule of rates which they
would join in recommending for the sake
of securing harmonious co-operation.
This schedule was higher than the judg
ment of the manufacturers approved, but
it was tendered as an evidence of their
kindly feeling toward the wool-growers
and of their willingness to concede to the
latter even higher rates of duty upon the
raw material than they ask or expect upon
their own manufactured products.
They proposed a duty of 8 cents a pound
on wools of class 1, under 16 cents a pound
in value, and 10 cents a pound over that
value, with double and triple duti-son
washed and scoured wools, and 11 cents a
pound on class 2 wools, with the same
dividing line of value, and upou carpet
wools lhe McKinley law rate-, namely:
Thirty-two per cent under 13 cents "in
value and 50 per cent over that value and
without a sorting clause. This proposi
tion would have given the wool-growers a
higher protection upon merino wools, so
far as the ad valorem equivalent is con
cerned, than they have ever had under
any tariff law.
"The wool-growers after a protracted
session passed a resolution rejecting this
proposition In all its parts, and stating
that they 'find it impossible to agree to
the schedule proposed in justice to the
absolute necessities of the wool-growers.' "
Before separating the wool-growers were
asked to name tne very lowest rates ol*
duty they were willing to accept in return
for the support of the manufacturers, and
they authorized Jud-e Lawrence to sub
mit the following schedule as their ulti
matum : Twelve cents a pound on class 1
and class 2 wools, double duty on washed
and triple duty on scoured, eight cents a
pound on all carpet wools, and double and
double and triple duties on washed and
scoured, and eight cents a pound addi
tional duty on all skirted wools.
. This is the original Lawrence schedule
with some slight modifications, and its
disastrous effects upon wool manufacture
and carpet manufacture are obvious to all
manufacturers. There were members of
the wool-growers' committee who recog
nized the impossibility of acquiescence in
such extreme rates; but the appointment
et a committee of conference had been
plac-d iv the hands of Judge Lawrence,
and he so constituted the committee that
it was ironclad against material deviation
from the tariff programme which he had
been advocating, notwithstanding the fact
that the manufacturers have evidence
which leads them to believe that a ma
jority o. the wool-growers of the country,
and particularly of the far West, believe
that their best interests will be promoted
by much more moderate duties.
THE IROX AAD STEEL SCHEDULE.
Foreign Lead Ores * Admitted- to Bond
and McKinley Rates I tared. '"
WASHINGTON, D.0., Feb. 11.— A fur
ther consideration of the iron and steel
schedule was bad this morning by the Re
publican members of the Ways and
Menus Committee. The chairman laid
before the members a letter from the
Treasury Department, suggesting tnat a
provision be inserted in the new bill per
mitting ores containing lead to enter the
country in bond and to be assayed at the
nearest assay office to tbe point of destina
tion, instead of collecting the duty at the
port of entry. The suggestion was adopted
and the duty was fixed at 1% cents per
pound.
The committee next turned its attention
to a number of minor matters in the
schedule upon which an ad valorem duty
is now levied. y-. These include cut nails
and cut spikes of iron or steel ; horseshoe
nails, wire nails, spikes, nuts, washers and
horse, mule and ox shoes; cut tacks, brads
or sprigs of all kinds, knitting and sew
dTan-jii mitmtxuiimrmmiwmw \ imiln Inm im«n II
ing- machine needles, crochet needles and
tape needles and all other needles; en
graved steel plates, stereotype and electro
type plates and engraved or lithographed
plates; railway fish plates, iron and steel
rivets, crosscut saws, wood screws, um
brella and parasol ribs, wheels for railroad
purposes, and ingots, cogced ingots,
blooms or blanks for the same. Upon all
of the foregoing the rate was made specific
ani substantially the same duty was im
posed as now exists.
The several paragraphs relating to cop
per, cod and silver were restore 1 to the
McKinley rates. Copper in rolled plates,
called brazier's copper, sheet!", rods, pipes
and copper bottoms, also sheathing of
yellow metal, of wnich copper is the com
ponent of chief value, and not composed
wholly or in part oi iron ungalvanized, 25
per cent ad valorem. Gold and silver
bullions and metal threads of gold, silver
or other metals not specially provided for,
3 Oper cent ad valorem.
PACIFIC ROADS' DEBT.
Propositions Withdrawn and the House
Committee Favors Settlement by
a Cabinet Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11.— At the
meeting of the House Committee on Pa
cific Railroads to-day it was developod
that expected support forthe propositions
reported to have been made by Hubbard
of Mississippi relating to the settlement
of the Government had not been secured,
and tliey could not, therefore, be longer
considered within the category of possi
bilities. One of these was that a New
York capitalist, described as one "com
manding the largest amount of spot cash
available by any man in the United
States," would assume the Government
claim in full at 2 per cent and allow 5 per
cent of the gross earnings of the road to be
set aside as a sinking funding to pay ofl
the indebtedness. This gentleman, Hub
bard said, did not now desire to carry out
the terms of the proposition. .* •
The other was that the railroads run
ning to the Mississippi River at Kansas
City, Omaha and Sioux City would join in
a guarantee of the Government's claim
and jointly operate the road. Officers of
two of the roads had declared this to be
impracticable.
The committee ordered a favorable re
port upon Harrison's bill providing for a
settlement of the road's indebtedness by a
Cabinet meeting.
m
Senate Committee Reports for Sir. Davit.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Feb. 11.— The
Senate Committee on the Judiciary, by a
vote of 7 to 6, this morning, oraered a
favorable report on the nomination of
Henry E. Davis to be District Attorney
for the District of Columbia. An effort
will be made to have Mr. Davis confirmed
at the earliest possible moment. The
nomination of J. R. Keton of Oklahoma,
to be Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of Oklahoma, was also ordered to
day favorably reported.
"UNTIL VICTORY IS OURS."
General Gomez Says That the Cubans
Will Continue the Warfare to
a Finish.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12— The Her
ald this morning prims the following let
ter given to a special correspondent of
that paper over the signature of General
Maximo Gomez:
"Sancti Spiritus. In Camp.)
Jan. 30, 1897. f
"The enemies of Cuba have circulated
in the United States the rumor that I am
disposed to accept autonomy as a basis of
settlement or solution of the present war.
The constitution of ' Cuba absolutely es
tablishes in its article XI that peace is to
be negotiated upon the basis of the abso
lute independence of Cuba. It is to ob
tain independence that we have been
fighting for two years and will continue to
fight until victory be ours.
"AU the statements which have been
heretofore, or may be in future published
to the effect ti at we are willing to accept
any other solution short of independence,
should be regarded as false.
"We will fight for absolute independ
ence, as we stated in '.he manifesto issued
at Monte Cristo, as also it was later set
down in our constitution, and as we are
daily confirming it by the shedding of our
blood on the battlefields."
HAVANA. CyBA, Feb. ll.—The Mar
quis de Palmerola, Secretary ty the Gov
ernment, and Intendente Fagoaga, have
left Placetas for Santa Clara, where they
will meet Captain-General Weyler. The
former Major Cirujeda, who was in com
mand of the troops in the engagement in
which Antonio Maceo was killed, has
been promoted to a colency. Colonel
Cirujeda reported to-day that he had
captured the company of Villaneuva on
the north coast of the province of Havana.
Dr. Caspar Betancourt, Ynicencia
Aranjo and Pantaleona Caste! have
been expelled from Cuba by order of tbe
Government. Dr. Betancourt, who is an
American- citizen, was acquitted a few
days ago of the charge of aiding and abet
ting the rebels. Cf-M.
The issue of paper money has been in
creased to $30,000,000.
MADRID. Spain, Feb. 11.— Prime M:n-
KEW TO-DAT. >:
The makers of
baking powders
have been, so busy
telling about the
purity and leaven-
ing strength of their
goods that they
have generally for-
gotten to put the
purity and strength
in at the same time.
" Trophy " ought to
win the field easy.
At Ttilmann & Bendel, Mfra,
Wilt's Indian Wal Ms
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used itiem for over fort years to cure
S CX HEADACHE. UIDDINKS*, C OisTtPA-
TIO.N, Torpid Liver, Weak stomach, Pimples and
purlfv the biooJ. :• ': '
Grossman's Specific Hixtnrj
■". With tuts letnedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of - diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to ib»
constitution. Ask your druggist for iv Price, ?1
a boit.e.
is er Canovas del Castillo has issued a
statement in which he says it will not be
incompatible to apply the reforms in
Cuba while General Weyier is in com
mand there, bu<, he adds, the moment to
effect the reforms has not arrived.
KEW TO-DAT. jT
Dyspeptics,
CBa
Take Courage.
America is a nation of dyspeptics. It begins
with indigestion from a lac!; of assimilation
of food, and results in impoverished blood
devitalized nerve forces, neurasthenia, all the
various forms of catarrhal conditions, acid
dyspepsia, ulceration of the stomach, render-
ing the system weak and debilitated, so that it
cannot withstand the ravages of any disease
either acute or chronic, thus producing con-
sumption, liver complaint, constipation, kid-
ney and bladder troubles.
rv Do you have coMcky pains ?
YAre you s'nrvln? from lack of dlgestlont
V ■Do you have severe headaches ?
Are you pale, wi alt anil nervous ?
§ Is your stomach torpid ?
PDoes it secrete enough gastric juice *
Are you Irritable and losing flesh f '
EDo you suffer from heartburn ?
■ Have you a feeling of flatulency ?
D Is there gas on your stomach ?
Are yon continually "out of sorts t"
§ Have you lost your appetite ?
_ Are you troubled with constipation T
1 j Does your liver trouble you ?
A | Have you spells of enileptlc fits *
[ Does your stomach distress you ?
Are you run down generally ?
The first step is to build up the digestive or-
gans and restore tnem to their natural condi-
tion. This cannot be done by animal and
vegetable pepsins. The secretory glands of
the stomacn and intestines must be made to 1
do thtir work. Artificial digestions and pre-/
digested foods are of only temporary value
because the digestive organs under their use'
become . torpid. The Kiectro -Medical treat-
ment, administered only at the State Electro-
Medical Inst tute, acts as a stimulant to the
digestive organs and causes them to throw off
Nature's own digestives, which soon remove
all evidences of lack of nutrition." A treat-
ment must be given which will cause proper
assimilation of food to produce a pure blood
supply.
Among the thousands of patients treated for
diseases of the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood
Diseases, Rheumatism, Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Tnroat Diseases,'
Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the Liver, Bowel
Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases and all
Diseases of Men and Women, hundreds treated
for Dyspepsia and its accompanying ills have
beeu restored to perfect health. For the ad-
ministration of this Electro-medical treatment
the Institute possesses the most complete and
costly Galvanic, Faradic and Static batteries,
the Static battery alone costing over one
thousand dollars The X-Ray, too, has proved
itself of inestimable value iv deteiminiug the
location, extent and character of disease. .
WRITK if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CURE FOR ALL DISEASES.
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDUY STREET,
San Francisco, Cat.
©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦9 ♦©•♦©♦€♦©♦*♦©♦©
I <?*&&& f
i GREAT •'
I *% c\s^ f
I OP THE AGE !
Mm Bill
x Which is an external and Internal 9
X. romedy without an equal. X
t HOT A NEW PREPARATION, 801 ORE I
| THAr HAS STOOD THE ItSI CF OVER f
I A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. f
ITHAT MS STOOD THE ThBT GF OVER I
A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
| Thousands of persons all §
;; over the United States t
\\ gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ?
I I tin's the United States t
gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ?
tin's Pain Curer and are ±
1 1 never without it. J
i — I
*> The Curer ls free from all Injurleus ♦
X and poisonous properties, ahd is en- 4
and poisonous properties, and is en- *
m tirely vegetable in its composition. It Z
♦ tones up and strengthens the system, ♦
2 purifies the blood, expels bad matter •
2 from the organs of the body generally, Z
5 promotes digestion, regulates the appe- 4
J tlte and secures a healthy state of the 9
m system and its various functions. Taken Z
► occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦._;
1* it keeps the mind cheerful and happy J
by promoting healthUl action of the ft
■kin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, < ►
bowels, liver, kidneys, bladder, spleen, J *A
spinal crtftmn, and the whole nervous XV
system. It is also especially always <► "
WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled J
I FOR THE PREVJjION AND GORE |
i Rheumatism, Neuralgia, rains in X
(General, Bowel Complaints, I>ya- *
pepsia, Dyaentery, Cholera Mor- 9
bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, 2
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous S
Complaints, Disease *f the Stem- 9
ach and Bowels Generally, Liver X
i Complaints, Kidney Complaints, A
Sciatica, Lumbago, Golds, Coughs, 9
Local and General Debility, Head- Z
ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- *
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, 9
Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, £
& Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Eraises, O
£ Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- ?
I Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, ♦
Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- 9
digestiom, Skln Diseases, Kites- X
g sire Itchlngs and many other ♦
£, complaints too numerous to name 9
© here. In a word, the great Pain §
I Curer of the Age is an unequaled ♦
family remedy. ®
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottie, |
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for •
a the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. ?
« For sale by all druggists. The ■ trade %
S supplied by Redington & Co., Mack a
& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San ml
£ Francisco. q1
♦© ♦©♦©*©♦© ♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©©♦•'
DDIICUCO FOR »ARBEIUi BAK-
DllUVril C V* houses, l blUiu?!! - tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
'dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, 'staols*
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
„ ,_„ BUCHANAN BKOS., '■''
Brush Manufacturers. 6UU2>acramentoM*TUCKERS NEED
NOT BE WORRIED
That Bill Before" the Legis
lature Was Not Under
stood.
Considered by the Senate Com
mittee on Education and
Approved.
Present Ho'dcrs of Grammar and
Primary Certificates Not to Pass
New Examinations.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 11.— Teach- j
ers throughout the State, and particularly |
in San Francisco, have been much wrought |
up over a measure before the Legislature |
relative to teachers' certificates. This
measure provides for tbe issuance of ele- |
mentary certificates, a new designation :
lor those which give the holder the right |
to teach either primary or erammar :
grades.
The apprehension of the present holders j
of primary and grammar certificates was
due to the fact that they believed they
would have to secure one of tne new cer- I
tificates and so be compelled to undergo a j
new examination.
This, however, is not the case. All the j
holders of primary or grammar certificates '
st the expiration of the required period of i
experience will be granted life diplomas
in their respective classes, and none of the j
present rights or privileges of certificate j
holders will be in any way interfered with.
This afternoon the Senate Committee on
Education considered the bill and gave a
hearing to the committee representing the
ban Francisco teachers, comprising Su
perintendent Babcock, Messrs. O'Connor
and Lyser and School Directors Waller,
Drucker and Burns. The bill was dis
cussed in detail, and met with the full
approval of the visitors from Saa Fran
cisco.
Among other things it providas that
teachers' certificates issued by the School
Board of one county shall be good in every
other county of the State. The committee
decided to recommend the passage of the
bill.
IS ASSEJMIiLI i.\o SEXATE.
I'asssage of the Appropriation Bill for
Sacrami litis Jlirer.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Fob. 11. — A
lively morning hour was experienced in
the Assembly to-day over the $300,000 ap
propriation for the Sacramento River.
Sims, Caminetti, Bridgford and Belshaw
advocated the bill, and Emmons, Shana
han and Dibble opposed.
The previous question was moved and a
vote taken, resulting: Ayes 40, noes 3G—
one short of a constitutional majority.
Arnericb, who had in the meantime come
in, voted aye, but Gately immediately
changed his vote to no. A call of the
house *as ordered, and orders were is
sued for the arrest of Anderson, Hill,
Henry and Jones. Kenyon then changed
his vote from no to aye, but this was off
set by Maboney, who changed from aye to
no. After another wait Cross changed
from no to aye, and the bill was declared
carried — 41 to 36.
The debris bill, reapproprlating $250,000,
was finally passed.
The Governor's veto of the State print
ing office appropriation was taken up.
Melick presented the report of the Re
trenchment Committee, which recom
mended the appointment of expert
accountants to investigate apparent ir
regularities.
Leavat followed in a speech denying
that there were any irregularities.
The bill was opposed by Caminetti, Drv
den and Toland, and supported by Dibble,
Dennery and Price. Dennery's speech
consisted in a criticism of the Governor's
message. Caminetti's lime was repeatedly
extended, until he had spoken nearly an
hour.
The veto was sustained by practically a
party vote, Keables and Landsborougb.
voting aye and Belshaw not voting. The
vote was ayes 4s, noes.33. Leavitt changed
his vote to no, giving notice cf a motion
to reconsider.
The Senate this morning passed bills as
follows: I
Amending the act to create a police re
lief, health, life insurance and pension
fund in the several counties, cities and
towns of the State.
Prohibiting prize-fights.
Relating to public schools and the em
ployment of teachers of physical culture.
To build a high school at San Jose.
Bulla's bill relating to trials without
jtirv was killed.
Tracy's bill for a paid fire department
in San Francisco, which had passed the
Assembly, was defeated by a vote of 19 to
14. Bert changed his vote and gave notice
of reconsideration.
Assembly bills 453, 21, 134, 416. 452 and
I*-' were amended on second reading.
Bill 7, to compel all banks to publish
statements of unclaimed deposits; and
283, fixing the boundary line between
Butte and Yuba counties, passed second
reading without amendment.
Senate bills 153 and 373 were finally
passed.
Several bills were introduced out of or
der, among them one by Stratton, creat
ing public warehouses in cities; by More
house, regulating the sale of proprietary
medicines, bitters, etc.; also to assist
Woman's Relief Corps in providing for the
widows and children of deceased soldiers.
Dickinson gave notice that ho would to
morrow mov- to have night sessions after
Monday. Adjourned.
Colonel Barry
Object*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 11.-Tbomas
F. Barry of San Francisco appeared this
evening before the Assembly Committee
on Judiciary and gave his reasons why the
Torrens land transfer registry bill should
not be made a law Senator Bulla spoke
in favor of the bill, and the committee
will decide the matter in executive session
to-morrow afternoon.
OUTSIDt. J JUST VUMPAXIES.
A Declnion fVhich Practically shuts
Them Out of Illlnolm.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 11.-The Appel
late Court of the State of Illinois has af
firmed the decree of the Superior Court of
Cook County removing the Farmsrs' Loan
and Trust Company from the position of
co-trustee of the Lake-street Elevated
Road first mortgage, and in doing so it has
rendered a decision of the greatest im
portance both to local trnst companies and
the trust companies of other States doing
business in this State.
The Superior Court some time ago re
moved the Farmers' Loan and Trust Com
pany as trustee under the Lake-street
mortgage, and the New York Trust Com
pany appealed the case.
Justice Waterman of the Appellate
Court has now delivered a decision, Pre
siding Justice Hard and Justice Gary con
curring, which not only affirms the de
cree removing the Farmers' Loan and
Trust Company, but which will act to
prevent trust companies organized in
other States from accepting trusteeships
in this State and will force a' rearrange
ment of many trusteeships under mort
gages already in force.
The decision holds that an outside trust
company must deposit $203,000 with the Il
linois State Auditor in the same man " c
as Illinois trust companies are compelled
to do. and failure to do that makes them
liable to removal. The Eastern trust com
panies are not likely to comply with this
rulinz. They declare if they sbould de
posit $200,000 with the State Auditor of Il
linois half the other States in the Union
would pass laws compelling them to make
similar deposits, and that would be im
practicable. _
AFTER THE MINOR PLACES.
W. H. Elliott and Theodore Roosevelt
Want ihe Assistant Secretaryship
of the Navy. *
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 11.— Major McKin
ley shook hands with four scort or more
of visitors to-day and found time to reply
to a number of letters and talk to an old
friend or two.
W. H. Elliott, a newspaperman of New
castle, Ind., who was formerly in the navy
and is a graduate or the United Slates
Naval Academy, called to present his ap
plication for Assistant Secretary of the
Navy. Mr. Elliott is indorsed by many
prominent men of his own and other
States. The President-elect gave him a
careful hearing and asked him to confer
with ex-Governor John D. Long of Massa
chusetts about the matter, which seems
to prove very conclusively that, as these
dispatches have announced, Mr. Long has
been definitely settled upon for the po
sition of Secretary of the Navy. It was
also learned by Mr. Elliott that Theodore
Roosevelt is a candidate for the position
of Assistant Secretary of the Navy and
that no promises have been made to him.
General Andrew llickenlooper of Cin
cinnati was a caller at the McKinley resi
dence this afternoon. He is of the opin
ion that a friendly conference among
those concerned will practically settle the
question of Mr. Sherman's successor in
the Senate of the United States.
Among other callers were M. E. Furner,
Charles L. Stone and William A. Jones,
Syracuse, N. V., who came, they say, on a
special mission ; B. F. Havens. Terre
Haute. Ind. ; Calvin Whitney, Norwalk,
Onio; James Hasmer, New York; Cap
tain M. B. Gary, Cleveland ; J. L. Cam
eron and Judge L. Piper of Marysville,
Ohio; W. C. Whitehouse, Tennessee; Dr.
George D. Pollard, Jefferson, Ohio; B n
jamin Jones, North Lawrence; Judge
Henry G. Thayer of Indiana, elector-at
large and messenger to Washington of
the Indiana Electoral College.
Mr. Abner McKinley arrived in Canton
this morning. J. H. Brigham of Ohio,
candidate for position of Assistant Secre
tary of Agriculture, talked with Mr. Mc-
Kinley tuis morning.
South Dakota's Struggle.
PIERRE, S. D.. Feb. 11.— In the joint
session of the Legislature to-day the vote
for Senator resulted: Pickler 49, Kyle 26,
Goody koontz 22, Plowman 8, Hinckley 9,
scattering 4. It is anticipated that there
will be a change within two or three days.
The Kyle men, it is claimed, are looking
for a place to land.
A. WAltlllOh'tt SUICIDE.
Gallant Captain JUcGiffln of Chineee
fame Shot Hxinnelf.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Feb. 11.— Captain !
Philo H. McGiffin, formerly an officer of j
the Chinese navy and commander of!
the battle-ship Chin Yuen in the battle !
of the Yalu, committed suicide this morn- |
ing at the Post Graduate Hospital by j
shooting.
Captain McGiffin had been in the hos
pital for a month under treatment for
nervous protration. He retired at 10
o'clock last night. His nurse, named Bar
rett, saw no hing unusual. At 2 o'clock
this morning Barrett was starled by a
pistol shot. Ha hastened to Captain Mc-
Giffin's apartment and found the patient
sitting bolstered up iv bed dead. A
hastily penciled note, addressed to the
hospital authorities, expressing gratitude
for kindnesses to the writer, was found,
but it gave no reason for the action.
Captain McGiffin, formerly an officer in
the American navy, resigned to accept
service under the Chinese Emperor.
Captain McGiffin was in command of
the Chinese warship Chen Yuen during
the battle of the Yalu, September 17, 1894.
and though he fought her well and bravely
was compelled to retire. The injuries re
ceived iv that fight, not regarded at the
time as especially serious, completely
shattered his health and he has been an
invalid ever since. A few months ago his
mind gave way and he was committed to
an insane asylum.
QUE EX LIZ'S ORIPPE SETTEE.
Xous Believed She In in Waehington for
« Political Purpose.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 11.— A Sun's
special from Washington says: Liliuoka
lani, the deposed Queen of Hawaii, who j
has been suffering with the grippe for the j
past few days, is now convalescent. She
is feeling better than for six days previ- !
ous. To-day, if the weather permits and j
she is in good spirits, the Capitol will be j
visited. For the past ten days her Majesty I
has been planning to see the building |
where our laws are made and to seethe
people who make them, but for one rea
son or another she has failed to carry out
her purpose.
The usual number of callers came to see ,
her yesterday. It is surprising to see
what an interest the people of the country i
have in this woman. Not a day passes i
that she does not receive at least a dozen
invitations to attend social functions, but
she has not as yet accepted any of them.
As the days pass and no sign of her quit
ting the capital city appears the belief
grows that she is here for a political pur
pose, but just what it is no one seems to
know. Tho talk most indulged in last
night was that she is trying to secure as
sistance from the present or incoming ad
ministration to place her on the Hawaiian i
throne.
Seventh-Day AdrentUt*.
LINCOLN, Nkbr., Feb. 11.— The attend
ance is growing daily in the world's con
ference of the Seventh-day Adventists be
ing held at College View, the seat of the
denominational college, near Lincoln.
Among the notable arrivals yesterday and
to-day were Elder George B. Thomson.
South Africa; W. C. White, Australia; H.
P. Holsen, Hamburg, Germany; G. N.
Lonfboutgh, who has been traveling in
Scotland and Scandinavia; H. E. Robin
son, president of the British conference-
E. G. Wagner, editor of the English paper
of the denomination in London, and rep
resentatives from all States in this coun
try and from all over the world. To-day's
session was largely occupied by Editor
Wagner in a sermon, followed by discus
sion. .■'*..' ;
-Failure of an Insurance Company.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., Feb. 11. — The
Wisconsin Odd Fellows' Mutual Insurance
Company, which was organized in 1863,
made an assignment to-day for the benefit
of its creditors, and John L. Fulton of
Whitewater, Wis., is now in charge of the
company's affairs as receiver at the gen
eral offices in this city. During the past
year over 5003 members have dropped out,
it is said, which crippled the company so
it could not pay its losses. The aggregate
insurance due from the Odd Fellows' Mu
tual Company is $60,000. Under the as
signmem steps will be taken to collect
from ex-members who have refused to
settle, and the assets, it is believed, will
be increased so tbat 75. per cent may be
paid in time.
THE SAN FKAyCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
MAY YET PASS
OVER THE VETO
Assemblymen Discuss the
Bill to Provide Funds
for the Printer.
It Claimed That There Is Not
a Deficiency in the
O.fice.
Lively Debates ln an Attempt to
Override th 3 Will of Gov
ernor Bald.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 11.— Really
the sessions of the Assembly are becom
ing interesting. The members have been
jolted out of the commonplace rut of dull
routine and are showing signs of life.
Yesterday there was the Duckworth
matinee, followed this morning by a lively
skirmish over the passage of the $300,000
dredger bill, and this afternoon by the
joust between Governor Budd and the
State Printer. It was not quite so excit
ing as the baiting of Clerk Duckworth on
the day before, but it Was equally as in
teresting and was witnessed by a crowd
equally as larpe, all the printers and lead
ing representatives of the Federated
Trades, and all the pretty girls and some
of the homely ones, too, from the State
Book Bindery being present in all the
glory of their war paint and feathers.
The friends of Governor Budd achieved
a temporary victory by preventing a two
thirds vote to pass the State Printer's ap
propriation of $75,000 over the veto, but
Leavitt's motion to reconsider will start
the ball rolling again to-morrow after
noon. The matter was decided by a vote
of 47 ayes to 31 noes, Keables and Lands-
borough (Fusionists) voting with tbe Re
publicans in favor of the appropriation
and Belshaw (R.) absent. With the two
exceptions just noted the Democrats voted
solidly to sustain the Governor.
It was a most extraordinary affair all
around. The minority conceded, or rather
did not deny, that the appropriation was
necessary to carry on the State printing
office up to July 1, nor did they deny that
mnch larger sums had been allowed other
State printers for a similar period in past
years, but because Governor Budd had
' vetoed the bill they were bound to stand
j by him right or wrong.
As an evidence of the weakness of the
minority, it was stated in the course of
the debate that tbe friends of the Gover
nor had expressed their willingness, and
his, to allow the State Printer $40,000,
with the understanding that if that sum
should, before the close of the session, be
found inadequate, a deficiency bill lor the
i remaining $35,000 could be rushed through.
J It seemed as though the Democrats were
! looking for a soft spot on which to fall,
j but all their overtures were spurned. The
■ cry of the Republican* was "No compro
mise!" while the Democrats sought to
j justify their course by alleging a dis
j crepancy between the accounts of the
j State Printer and the vouchers allowed by
| the State Board of Examiners. It was ar
gued by the majority that the printer did
not have the handling of a dollar of the
State's money; that the State Board of
Examiners passed upon the payrolls and
all other claims against the printing
I office; that the printer's vouchers were
j correct and in possession of the Board of
i Examiners, and that in order to be hon
! est, straightforward and fair in the matter
it would be necessary for the minority to
! show that the proposed appropriation of
$75,000 was too large, or that no part of it
whatever was necessary, and that the
I charge of the existence of a discrepancy
! was immaterial and not relevant to the
j issue before the House.
That cood man from Amador, Cami
; netti, who, like a political Cincinnati, on
j leaving his toga behind him in the halls
I of Congress, has returned to the humble
| plow of the Assembly, led the forces of
: the Governor. His argument was almost
i exclusively confined to the matter of the
alleged discrepancy, and he ignored the
real issue of the need of the appropria
tion. But, after all, '.he good man fell into
a trap which took all the fizz out of him,
and left him stale, fiat and unprofitable.
Alter he had defied the friends of the
bill to deny that there was a discrepancy,
and after he had said that he would take
; the word of the bookkeeper of the State
I Printing Office rather than that of Leavitt
of Alameda, Leavitt stated that the
! figures which he (Leavitt) had quoted to
show that not only no discrepancy ex
isted, but that on the contrary there
should be $2000 tothe credit of the State
Printer, had been furnished . im by the
bookkeeper ol the State Printer.
Shanahan, Caminetti's lieutenant, was
also given an unexpected setback and bad
the laugh turned ou him. He was dis
claiming against waste and extravagance
and harping on the imaginary dis
crepancy, when Dennery. asked him
whether it was not true that he (Shana
han) had not several years ago voted for
an appropriation of $70,000 at this time of
tbe year for a deficiency in the State
Printing Office, the Superintendent of
which was a D mocrat. That was before
the greater number of the present bureaus
and commissions were created and when
the quantity of printing required was
very much less than it is to-day.
\Vhen tne matter was placed before the
House this afternoon Meiici:, chairman of
the Retrenchment Committee, presented
a report stating what the committee had
done in the matter i»nd citing the fact that
the Governor bad refused to obey the
subpena of the committee. The report re
cited that the committee bad discovered
an apparent irregularity, and that the ex
isting method of publishing State docu
ments tended to the unnecessary expendi
ture of State money, a condition for which
the Legislature itself was responsible, be
cause of its failure to enact the proper
laws regulating that matter. In view of
the fact that an additional appropriation
was needed to meet the work already in
band and accumulating in the hands of
the State Printer the committee recom
mended the appointment of one or more
experts to expert the accountsof the State
Printer and the apparent irregularity
already mentioned. accounts of the State
nd the apparent irregularity
Leavitt of Alameda opened the debate
on behalf of tbe bill with the proposition
that the question apparently hinged on an
irregularity in the accounts of the State
Primer. But the fact was that there was
no irregularity and no misappropriation
of the funds, "and," added Leavitt. "the
report itself does not show it, the Gover
nor to tbe contrary notwithstanding."
Leavitt went on to explain that an ap
propriation of $50,000 had been made for
the running expenses of the last s°ssi not
the Legislature, but it spent $28,000 more
than that amount. The report of the State
Printer showed- that printing had been
done for the d iff rent departments of the
State government at a cost of $82,257 80;
that there was stock on hand at that time
of the value of $15,693 48. making an ag
gregate of $97,956 28 absolutely Accounted
for. Bearing in mind that the $28,008 that
was used aver and above the $50,000 was to
be paid out of the $250,000 appropriation
and deducting that irom $49,044 leaves
$21,036. The lithographin that was done
for the several departments cost $4538 and
deducted d -partments cost $4538 and
t deducted from $21,036 leaves but
$16,478 of a * o-called deficiency,
uriug the forty-seventh fiscal year ap
'^ .:..^, nnrnrr : ' NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
/ V*' f^~-^
I 4 \ i
A .- c_, ,7
1 " V <^ € I/* '\ / (I'/
NOTHING
®®®(iXS!(sX__^®®®®®^^
WEAK-KNEED
ABOUT US!
We've plunged right in, slashed prices right
and left ; we're after results, even if there is a bar-
rel of money lost by the operation.
Have you seen our big corner window ? Have
you seen the big
—$5.00?—
Have you seen the Overcoats and Suits therein ?
The whole town is talking about this sale.
To-day and Saturday will be Gala Days in the
Big Store.
iiw
Men's Trousers, RAPH A F I ' Q
GOOD ONES. ALL-WOOL I IF\ I II /-* |\ i . «"*
ENGLISH CHEVIOTS. (INoorforat
SPECIAL TO-DAT, incorporated).
SPECIAL 10-DAI, TIRELESS TOILERS FOR TRADE.
— $1.65— 9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street'
-r , aa, »^«nu i^ rxccu ny oireet.
paratus and machinery were purchased at
a cost of $6930. These things could not be
charged up to any of the departments of
the printing office; and deducting it from
$16,478, leaves $9523 of the so-called defi
ciency. Out ol that was to be taken $5048
for plumbing, etc., leaving $4480. Insur
ance at that time coula certainly "be
charged to any one department, and that
would make a further reduction of $1342.
The removal of the bindery materials,
etc., from the third to the second floor of
the building, by permission of the State
Board of Examiners, cost between . $4000
and $5000. This was cheaper than the
work could be done by contract. That
would leave a deficiency, not against, but
in favor of the State Printer of $2000.
Dennery of San Francisco expressed the
hope that the Assembly would not make a
political matter out of the affair. . It was
a question as to whether they wanted to
keep the State Printing Office open or
whether they wanted it closed.
"Do you want your business to be done
by the infamous booK ring of which we
have heard so much?" asked Dennery.
Then he told of a big mass-meeting of
woiklngraen, which he had attended last
night, and of the sentiment that was ex
pressed at that meeting in favor of the ap
propriation. He said that Mr. Severy had
been given a position in the State Print
ing Offic « at the request of Governor Budd.
Bridgford argued ihat whenever the
Governor exercised bis discretion and
vetoed a bill it was the duty of the Legis
lature to sustain him.
Melick said that the commission, after
having made a thorough investigation of
the matter, had found that the apropria
tion of $75,000 was actually needed to carry
the printing office through until July 1.
By next Saturday night $20,000 would be
required to ; pay up the wages now due.
While Shanahan was talking about the
amount that would be actually needed by
the Printer for the present, Dennery asked
him if he had not voted in 1389 in favor of
a deficiency appropriation of $70,000 for
State Printer Young, Democrat. "I did,"
replied Shanahan, and a shout of laughter
went up from the lobby.
Price of Sonoma said that he believed,
as had been well said at last night's labor
mass-meeting by the Senate chaplain, that
it was not a question of Democracy, Re
See those two pretty Overcoats
in the picture opposite.
We show 'em in those Twill
Cheviots, Vicunas and Meltons,
in blue, black, seal brown and
Oxford mixtures; serge lined,
with deep velvet collar, cleverly
tailored.
And the Suits also are hand-
somely tailored; in blues and
blacks, in TJiibets, in single and
double breasted sacks — yes,
you'll guess three times five as
nearer rig Jit.
To-day and until Saturday
night, if the quantities Jiold out,
at
pnblicanism or Populism, but it was a
question of American institutions versus
Buddism.
"If we indorse Buddism," he added, "we
indorse a greater number of holidays than
we dream of." He spoke of the primers
and book-binders who would be turned
out into tbe streets if the office should be
closed for lack of funds to run it. He be
lieved that the Governor had been misled
as to the statements in his message, not
maliciously, but ignorantly, and called at
tention to the misrepresentations in the
Governor's message as to the capacity of
the presses.
Caminetti followed with a statement
that the bookkeeper of the State Printer
had been unable to account for the dis
crepancy of $ 2,000, and asked why was it
that the bookkeeper, who surely should be
the best authority, could not give the com
mittee the same items as were read by
L°avitt.
Leavitt replied that he had obtained the
| figures quoted by him from the book
; keeper himself. Caminetti attacked the
I leaders of the labor meeting held on the
evening previous and denounced them as
"agitators" and "demagogues." He ac
cused W. B. Thorp of having robbed the
State by drawing money for work that was
never nerlormed by him.
" The ballot on the question as to whether
the bill should be passed, notwithstanding
the veto of the Governor, was a3 follows,
j tilty-lour votes being required to carry :
Anderson, Arnerich, Austin, Bettman,
Brlerllng, Burnham, Canavan. Chynoweth,
Clarke, Cross, Cutter, Damon, Dennery, Dib
ble, Ennis, Fontana, Goff, Goodhue. Guy,
Harris, Henry, Hill, Hudson, Jones, Keables,
Kelly, Kenyon, Laiidsborough. Leavitt, Linden
oerger, Malcolm, Melick, North of Alameda,
-North of Yolo, Pohlman, Power of Placer,
Price, Robinson, Sims, Soward, Stanzell, Strain,
Valentine, Vosburg.Waymire, Wrlg.nt, Coombs!
Total 47.
Noes— Aldridge, Allen, Boone, Bridgford,
Burnett, Caminetti, Cartwright, Dolan, Dry
den, Elliott, Emmons, ' Foreman, Gateley,
Godfrey, Houghton, Keegan,. Lacy, Mahoney,
Mead, Mulcrevy, McCandish, MeClellan, Mc-
Grath, McLauren, Power of San Francisco,
Rubell, Ryan,' San lord, Shanahan, Toland,
Treacy. Total 31. Absent— Belshaw.
Leavitt changed his vote and gave notice
that at 2 p. m. to-morrow he would move
for a reconsideration.
Chief Clerk Duckworth was one of the
What a wonderful magnet
that —7 — is ; what a wonderful
drawing power it has. Ask any
one about town about — 7 — and
they'll tell you it's one of the
seven wonders at seven.
The Suits are marvels of
beauty, full of style, full of
chic, full of all those fine points
of tailoring that stamp them as
art garments.
Plaids among 'em, with fly-
front vests.
Those dressy Blue and Black
Serges — over one hundred color-
ings to select from , and Spring
styles at that, Spring '97.
All these clever Suits to-day
and until closing time Satur-
day night at
¥ V V
i* Jl .#*,
The Overcoats come in those
high-class English Kerseys, in
blues and blacks ; the tailoring
of 'em cannot be excelled in
America ; garments that other
stores are getting $15 for. We
have 'em on sale to-day and only
till Saturday night at
$7.00.
most active supporters of the bill to grant
the appropriation, and he worked hard to
help pass the bill over the Governor's
veto. Friends of the bill are confident
that the necessary fifty-four votes will be
secured. With Belshaw's vote, which
would have swollen the total to forty
eight, only six are needed, which they are
confident they can secure to-morrow.
OF JXTERESI TO TIIE COAST.
Reduction of Rent for Potto at Foot
of Market Street.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11.-Sena
tor White has received a memorial from
the Raisin-Growers' Association of Fres
no, Cal., asking for a tariff of 3 cents per
pound on raisins. The same petition has
been sent to the House Committee on
Ways and Means. Representative Loud
to-day received a letter from San Fran
cisco in regard to the establishment of a
branch postoffice at the foot of Market
street, to be known as station D. The con
tractors have signified their willingness
to accept a monthly rental of $800, which
is $200 less than the original proposition.
L. G. Sartoris was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Nashville, El Dorado
County, Cal., vice J. C. Heald. removed.
Esther M. Edwards has been commis
sioned Postmistrees at Olinda, Cal.
M. H. de Young of the San Francisco
Chronicle was registered at the Arlington
Hotel and left this afternoon for San Fran
cisco via New York. He came to Wash
ington in the interest of securing a war
vessel to carry contributions to the starv
ing people of India, but failed in his mis
sion.
James P. Montgomery of Los Aneeles ls
at the Hotel Johnson.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John Davis, San
Francisco; Henry E. Panama, Los An
geles. Additional (special Jan. 4)— E
dward F. Chanock, Los Angeles. Original
widows, Theresa Baumgartner, San
Jose; Mary F. Flynn, Oakland.
Oregon: Original widows, etc. — Mar
garet A. Root, Grants Pass; Harriet E.
Vanhoozen, Corvallis.
Washington: Original— Gillen,
Orting; James W. Robinson, North Ya
A Signal Hit.
We filled a f^\
whole window fC^)
with those elev- g k^brw
er Scotch Suits, 'ffXZr7\
such Suits that Ml )*Z* \ iL
you haven't hes- m • • I tj
it ated to pay pl 3 . _7/
from $5 to SO L?* *$T
for; full weight p " 1 -?
goods, bright \ X 1
colorings, \j \J
Spring styles, W
Spring '97. n il
They have ere- J\ v?
ated such a fu- tr
rore in town, the '.qualities,
the styles, the manner of tai-
loring and the price.
They ought to be termed buck-
skin, as they're everlasting and
all wool, in double-breasted
style, ages 9 to 15.
Till Saturday night they'll be
$2.75.
Just Alive
With Cleverness
And prettiness. :
smart looking Wg£j*Bt
Reefer Suits — p|lsiLjipllBi
almost a dozen |is§2#o*lllfe
different styles, «V^,
braided in a ffl Ifc. 'kJE
dozen different BLR!. .*"im
They're aw- Wlffljjjk
fully sweet and pi ||l
cute, for little fjjl iPJ
fellows ages 3 Jp 1
There wasn't a tim you'd
hesitate paying $5 and $6 for
like Suits.
They're made from those good
and honest sturdy Scotches.
Till Saturday night at
$2.75.
Sets the style for Hats.
Sets the price for Hats.
Sets the exclusive hatters well
nigh crazy.
THAT'S THE BIG STORE.
Just take a glance at that
fashionable soft hat. the Tour-
ist. It's awfully clever, guar-
anteed fur hat, in otter, pearl,
silver gray, Havana brown and
black. $2.00 at the exclusive
hatters.
-95c-
kJkJKs
In the Big Store's Big Hat De-
partment.
LADIES' HATS,
SAME COLORINGS,
SAME PRICE.
Men's Trousers,
FOR THE DUDE, FOR THE
STYLISH DRESSER, in dark
stripes. SPECIAL TO- DA V,
—$1.50—
kima. Original widow, etc. — Minor of
Peter Steele, Battle Ground.
Representave Johnson has been making
earnest efforts to secure consideration of
the bill reported from the Public Lands
Committee to provide for the use and oc
cupation of reservoir sites reserved by the
geological survey, but the Speaker is not
inclined to grant recognition. Mr. John
son will persist in his efforts, however, and
hopes to pass the bill before adjournment.
■ ♦ 1
Many Xomlnation* by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 11.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the fol
lowing nominations: Corps of Engineers,
Lieutenant-Colonel J. A. Smith, to be
colonel; Major Charles J. Alien, to be
lieutenant-colonel; Captain Smith 8.
Leach, to be major; First Lieutenant
William E. Craighill, to be captain;
Second Lieutenant J. B. Cavanangb, to
be first lieutenant. Major Edwin B.
Atwood, quartermaster, to be lieutenant
colonel and deputy quartermaster-sen
era!; Captain George E. Pen. i, assistant
quartermaster, to be major and quarter
master; Lieutenant John M. Carson, to
be captain and assistant quartermaster.
i «, .
Greater Republic Com uit Reaanized.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Feb. • 11.— The
President bus recognized the following
consular officers of the Greater Republic ot
Central America: Samuel Welch, Con
sul-General at Philadelphia, for Penn
sylvania; L. D. Kingston, Consul at St.
Louis, for Missouri; James T. Buckner,
Consul-General at Louisville, for Ken
tucky; George F. Stone, Consul-General
at Chicago, for Illinois, and Edwin R.
Heath, Consul-General at Kansas City, for
Kansas. ■ :''«v
Wealthy Widt.w to Wed.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 11. It was an
nounced yesterday that Mrs. H. H. Beld
ing of Chicago who is at present visiting
relatives in Baltimore, and J. H. Foucht
a well-known merchant of Topeka. Kan?.'
would be married in this city on March
19. Mrs. Belding is the widow of one of
the firm of Belding Brothers, silk manu
facturers, and is . said to be worth $35 -
000,000. *^'
34
MRS. OSMOND'S
QUEER TACTICS
Bribery Alleged in Order to
Secure Evidence Against
Her Husband.
Two Rather Damaging Affidavits
by Witnesses Who Were
Approached.
■
They Said the Stage-Struck Woman
Offered to Pay as High as a
Thousand Dollars-
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Feb. 4.— Late last
evening W. W. Dimoud tiled a motion in
the Circuit Court to cite Mrs. Carrie E.
Dimond, Waikulani and Cal Leonard to
appear and show cause why they should
not be punished for contempt of court.
The motion was allowed and the sum
mons of the parties will be served this
morning.
The petition alleges that Carrie E. Di
mond approached one Mollie Sheldon and
offered her, first, S >00 and then up to $1000
to testify in court against his character.
Waikulani is charged with approaching
one Lizzie Kinney ut Waikiki and offering
her $25 and more to testify to tne same
end. Cal Leonard, a hackman, is charged
with being an accomplice in these several
negotiations.
The summons was served on all the
parties this morning, and they are cited to
answer to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
to show cause why they should not be
punished for contempt.
Following are copies of the affidavit
made by Mr. Dimond and the statement
made by Mollie Sheldon to the Attorney-
General:
in the Circuit Court of the First Circuit,
Island of Oahu, Kepublie of Hawaii.
Tne undersigned, libelant herein, on in
formation and belief, alleges that within one
week last past, and while the divorce proceed
ings were pending, the libeled herein, Carrie
11. Dimond, Interviewed one Mollie Sheldon,
residing at Honolulu, and at said interview
did offer and promise the payment of a large
sum of money, to wit, $500, to the said Mollie
Sheldon, if she would go Into court and testify
that she had had criminal relations with
libelant, and that libelee further stated that
she would, if necessary, not stop at the pay
ment of $1000, and that libelee sent presents
to the said Mollie Sheldon with a view to cor
ruptly influence her without regard to the
truth as aforesaid.
Libelant is further Informed and believes,
and upon such information and belief alleges,
that said Carrie H. Dimond, at the interview
aforesaid with the said Mollie Sheldon, made
said offer and promise of money with the view
and intentiou of corruptly influencing and
did, in fact, corruptly attempt to influence
the said Mollie Sheldon in her favor and to
enlist her a« a partisan witness in her favor
in the divorce proceedings aforesaid, without
regard to truth; ana petitioner attaches
hereto the statement of the said Mollie Shel
don made to the Attorney-General, upon the
written complaint of libelant to the Attor
ney-General's department, and request for an
investigation.
Aud affiant Is further informed and believes,
and upon such information and belief alleges,
that one Waikulani, by the connivance, insti
gation and direction of the said Carrie 11. Di
mond and C. Leonard, a hackman, did, within
the week last past and while the divorce pro
ceedings herein were pending, interview one
Lizzie Kinney, residing at Waiklni, and did by
the instigation oi said Carrie H. Dimoud cor
euptly offer the said Lizzie Kinney the sum of
$25 to admit under oath, in the divorce pro
ceedings aforesaid, that she had had certain
reatlons with libelant.
And affiant, on information and belief,
alleges that the said Waikulani, at the inter
view aforesaid with the said I. zzie Kiunev,
did make the offer of money aiore>aid, wiih
the view of corruptly influencing ihe said Liz
zie Kinney to testify as a partisan witness for
the libelee in said divorce proceedings,
regardless of truth: libelant alleging ar.d
stating under oath that he had no improper
relations In any manner whatsoever with the
said Mollie Sheldon or the said Lizzie Kinney.
And libelant submits to the court that the
said acts of Carrie 11. Dimond, C. Leonard and
Waikulani are ln contempt of this court aud
its authority and of the administration of jus
tice and constitute an obstruction of justice.
Wherefore libelant prays that the said Car
rie H. Dimond, C. Leonard and said Waikulani
may be, upon due hearing, adjudged guilty of
contempt and punished therefor, and to that
end that the court cite the snid Carrie H. Di
mond, C. Leonard end Waikulani to appear
before it to show cause why the prayer of this
petition should not be granted, etc.
W. W. Dimond.
Duly sworn to before Harriet E. Wilder,
notary public, and as amended before J. A.
Thompson, deputy clerk of Circuit Court.
Honolulu, Feb. 2, 1897.
Statement of Mollie Sheldon before the At
torney-General.
Mrs. Dimond came out to see me lately, and
she asked me ii I had not been intimate with
her husband. She said that she had been told
by r.n intimate iriend of Mrs. Dimond's that I
had been intimate with her husbind, and that
during Mrs. Dimond's absence I had been out
and spent the night with him and was seen to
come away at 10 o'clock in the morning. She
spoke about it us if It was a fact ar.d there was
no use denying It, I said, "Mrs. Dimond, who
gave you tnat information?" She slopped and
looked at me and said, -' Were you never out
there?" I said "No." She asked me again,
and I said no, I did not know
the first thing about her place. She said
she was very much disappointed as she hoped
to have got some information, she was very
much disappointed and sue said: "Of course
I am not in a position to otter you anything,
but if you would help me in this now I would
make it worth your while." I said I was sorry,
but I could not do anything to help her.
When she was going down the steps she put
her hand on my shoulder and asked me to
think it over; that Mr. Dimond had put her in
such a position that she was forced to do what
she was doing. Any one helping her now
she was willing to pay $500 and even
would not stop at $1000, and asked
me if I knew any one who had
been with her husband ifl would not try to
find out something about her husband and
■he would pay me. She did not say how much.
She said: "Of course in a case like this, Mollie,
lt would seem your duty to help the woman
and not the man." I said: "It is a matter of
indifference to me. I am not going to help
either you or Mr. Dimond." She did not try
to make me admit that I had been intimate
with Mr. Dimond. When I denied it she
looked at me and said: "I wish you would tell
me the truth." She said: "I was in hopes
that 1 would be able to settle it in private with
you and not subpenayoulortbe trial, but now
lam afraid I will have to." She told me any
one helping her just now she was willing to
pay $500, but she said : "I would not even stop
at $1000." She did not thieaten me
in any way. When she first entered the room
she smiled ana said: "1 hope you know what
1 came for. lam sorry ; I did not want to get
you into trouble; I am sorry you happened to
be the one." She went on in that strain. I
asked her who gave her such information.
Afterward she told me it was Jim Brown. I
said: "I don't know how he could have told
voi such a thing. He nud I have not been
caking for a year." I knew that Mrs.
Dimond was com me to see me. She sent word
io my brother-in-law, David I'nauna, to ask
mo 1/ I would see her, and I said yes. Alter I
denied having improper relation with her
husband she did not insist that I had, but
commenced to speak of not being in a position
rt> offer me anything, but still, if 1 helped her,
she would make lt worth my while.
15. L. Marx, Secretary.
RLOCKAOE WORK liEGUX.
Target Practice J'reraiUd Jesterday Off
Charleston Harbor.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 11.—Noth
ing of much consequence has been done
by the war fleet during the day. About
noon the Amphitrite came up to the city
and anchored off the Custom-house pier,
where she still lies. An officer from the
New York cams up to town yesterday and
made contracts for coal for all the fleet,
and the Amphitrite will be the first one to
have her bunkers filled. Tne New York,
Maine,' Columbia and Marblebead lay
within a cable's length of one another to
day until nearly dark, and then they re
sumed their position of last nieht.
During the day they placed reets for
exercise of the secondary batteries, and
they practiced with these to-night with
the aid of their searchlights. The same
work was done last nigbt, and it is said
that during the practice to-night a seaman
on the Maine was injured, but the name
is not given and the report is not fully
substantiated.
1 1 is no longer a doubt that the fleet is
now actually engaged in its blockade
wort. The Vesuvius is looked for hourly,
and from unofficial sources on shipboard
it was learned that the Dolphin may re
turn to Charleston from Jacksonville as a
blockade-runner. Neither the Indiana
nor Massachusetts had joined the fleet late
this afternoon, though both are due here.
Captain Chester of the Newark arrived in
the city with his family durum the day,
and it is supposed that bis ship, which has
been coaling at Port Iloyal, will join him
to-morrow.
U A WA II J -V CJRJ* US STATISTICS.
Plenty of Argument Against Atsnexa-
Hon in 'Jh'se Figuret.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Feb. 11.—Super
intendent of Census Alatnu T. Atkinson
his completed his compilation of the pop
ulation of the Hawaiian Islands by na
tionalities, and it is given below in tabu
lated form:
-Tationai.ties.
_»
«_
"5 I
IS
3
m '
P
H
o
»_
Hawaiian*.
Fart ilawaiians |
Americans., !
British ;
German I
French
.Norwegians. |
Portuguese i
Japanese !
Chinese |
South Sea Islanders....
Other nationalities....*..
1,1(11)
866
11 . *!•_
866
501
as
■ 8,20-1
! 19,812
; 19,1-7
321 '
4,2.
14,620 31.019
4,236 8.485
1.111 3,086
844 2.250
566 1,432
45 101
162 378
6.'h!» 15, .9;
6,195 84,407
2.449 21,616
IS* 455
1 62 600
I 36,603 109,020
Grand total !
. 72.6171
WAR OF THE RAIL GIANTS.
Inside Price Still Believed to Be $17
Per Ton and the Biggest Demand
Is Satisfied,
CHICAGO, 111., Feb 11.— The war of
the steel rail giants did not undergo any
change in this market to-day so far as the
selling price is concerned, but the hostile
lines were arrayed as strongly against each
other as on the first day of the week. The
fact is that the present necessities of pros
perous railroads in the steel rail line have
been satisfied in a large majority of cases
by the contracts recently made with the
Carnegie and Illinois Steel Companies.
The Carnegie price for steel rails any
where was to-day $17 a ton. At this
tempting figure the following orders have
been placed:
Twenty-five thousand tons to the Chi
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad;
•20,000 tons to the Atchison, Topeka and
Sauta Fe, and 1400 tons to the Chicago.
Hammond and Western.
President Gates of the Illinois Steel
Company left Chicago to-day for Pitts
burg. The object of bis trip is kept a
secret by other officers of the company
here, but considerable significance is at
tached to his ueparture by iron and steel
men in view of the fierce fight which is
being Waged in that industry. In his ab
sence Second Vice-President W. F. Palmer
said to a representative of the United As
sociated Presses:
"The Illinois Steel Company to-day
sold rails for $18 per ton. We understand
some of the Eastern mills have offered
them in this market at $17 per ton."
"Do you look for the dissolution of the
iron ore pool as a result of tbe rail and
billet pools going to pieces?''
"It is safe to say, speaking' generally,
thai tbere is no such, thing to-day as a
pool in the iron and steel business. We
have nothing to do with the ore pool."
Although $18 was the price "officially
given by the Illinois company for to-day,
the inside opinion is that what rails were
sold for to-day by the Western concern
were at the Carnegie price of $17. The
preference for placing orders witu the Illi
nois company would only be given by
Western roads when the price was cut to
the Carnegie quotation.
The lact tnat there is no agreement
among the companies operating the iron
mines in the Mesaba and Vermillion
ranges and in the Mahoning mine region,
covering the output of the mines or tbe
selling price lor 1897, is not regarded here
as proof that there will be no icon ore pool
this year. The agreement is not inane
until the time for lake navigation ap
proaches, when lake rates are hied, and
upon them are based tbe price of ore. it
is believed the big cut in t^ie finished prod
uct of the mines, which is likely, to re
main through the year, will have a ten
dency to disturb the market in the raw
material when the opportunity for a profit
able export business in the mill product,
in competition with English and Conti
nental mills, is taken into consideration.
WESTERS MRS IO SECEDE.
They Will Start a Seta Jurisdiction of
Renevnlent Rohemians.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 11.— The West- •
crn conlerence ot lodges of the C. S. P. S., '
commonly known as the National Bo
hemian Benevolent Association, now in
session in this city, after deliberating for
two days on the differences pending be
tween the Western and Eastern lodges, ;
lias issued its ultimatum to the Supreme
Lodge. It provides that certain changes
in the lod<:e constitution and customs
must be made by July 1 or the Western
lodges will secede and organize a Western
jurisdiction. <
The principal change asked for is the
substitution of a framed insurance sys
tem for the present level system. As it
is now a man of ttie maximum age of 45
years pays no larger assessments for the
insurance benefits than the man of tbe
minimum age of 21. For a number of
years the West has lougnt for this, claim
ing that no new blood could be brought
into the lodges under existing conditions.
Having been turned down, tie West as
serted itself. As a sign that the confer
ence means business it has drafted a
constitution for a Western jurisdiction
embracing its needs and will. elect a full
corps of Supreme Lodge oflicers, Loth to
be contingent upon the rejection of the
ultimatum of the conference. Tbe pro
posed new jurisdiction includes the States
ot Wisconsin, Minnesota, the Dakota-,
lowa, Nebraska and several detached
lodges, and has about 2500 members.
FIRE THIS MORXI.-G IX CHICAGO.
A Rig Huilding Gutted and the Loss Is
Heavy.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 12.— broke out
shortly belore 1 o'clock this (Friday)
morning in the building 172 Madison
street, occupied by C. F. Foster & Co.,
m~nnfactur'ers of uniforms, and W.
Schimlerman, wine dealer. The flames
spread rapidly ana the Dig building was
soon gutted.
The entire loss is estimated at about
$100,000, fully covered by insurance.
Mate Amos Found Guilty.
LONDON, Eng. Feb. 11.— trial of
the second mate, Amos, and fifteen of the
crew of the British ship George T. Hay,
charged with causing the death of a
seaman named Brostrom by ill-treatment
during the voyage of the ship from
Mobile to Rio Janeiro, from which place
they were brought here, has ended in the
conviction of Amos, the jury : finding him
guilty of common assault. The fifteen
sailors were acquitted. Sentence was
passed on Amos, and Fraser, who was
yesterday found guilty of assault, had
bis sentence postponed.
TO 'CUKK A COLD IX ONK OAT.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists rctuud the money if it tails to euro. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, IS9T.
WHEELMEN RAVE
NEW OFFICERS
National League Elects Mr.
Potter of New York
President.
Membership, Income and Dis
bursements Have Doubled
During the Year.
Racing Season of 1896 Greater Than
Ev?r— Eastern R .1 roads Charge
for Wheels.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 11.— After a cam
paign marked somewhat by some unusual
acrimony and the injection of an issue
political rather than technical, Isaac B.
Potter of New York to-day was elected
president of the League of American
Wheelmen by a vote of 155 to 115 for
Sterling Elliott, the present head of the
organization and ihe principal opponent
of Mr. Potter. For first vice-president,
A. Cressy Morrison of Wisconsin was re
elected and Frank C. Kirkikei of Paterson,
N. J., was elected second vice-president.
For treasurer the result was entirely
unexpected, J. W. Ciendening of Irving
ton, Ky., being elected over E. Kestom
latsky of lowa by 141 to 124. Ciendening
was Elliott's candidate. J. Fred Adams
of Massachusetts, J. Van Ort of Pennsyl
vania and G. L. McCarthy of New York
were elected as the auditing committee
without opposition.
The election of officers was not reached
on the programme until late in the after
noon. When nominations for president
were declared in order W. E. Connelly of
Illinois said thai what he was to say was
in opposition to the wishes of his delega
tion, but he was there in the interests of
the L. A. W. He feelingly and eloquently
referred to the league's past and its future.
It was important that officers of the
soundest judgment be selected. He said
there was one man in the assembly that
met all requirements and stood above all
others. He continued in an impressive
tone and then presented the name of Isaac
B. Potter of New York as a candidate for
president. As the name escaped his lips a
tumult of applause resounded through the
hall.
William Kempton. chief consul of Ohio,
followed, and in a few brief remarks nom
inated Sterling Elliott amid great ap
plause. He said Mr. Elliott's record spoae
lor itself, and no nobler man could be
found for the office.
W. H. Tucker of Pennsylvania, D. E.
Miller of Massachusetts and Sheri
dan of Illinois seconded the nomination
of Elliott on behalf of their States. W. S.
Jenkins of Buffalo spoke at some length
to second Potter's nomination. George T.
Cooke of Rhode Island seconded Elliott's
nomination. Hon. A. B. Choate of Min
neapolis said it was necessary to put for
ward the strongest man lor president.
He seconded ' the nomination of I. B,
Potter.
The nominations were declared closed.
E. N. Hines of Michigan, George Cooke of
Rhode Island and George Penneli of New
York were appointed as tellers. A secret
ballot was taken. The secretary announced
the vote for president as follows: I. B.
Potter of New Yore 155, Sterling Elliott of
Boston 115, blank 1.
One vote more than the number of dels
gates was cast, and it was thougi t that
some one would question the validity of
the vote on this account, but no mention
was made of this fact. Sterling Elliott
moved to make Mr. Potter's election
unanimous, and this was carried. When
the result was announced three cheers
were given by the delegates lor President
elect Potter and retiring President Elliott.
But little time was spent in electing the
remainder of the ticket. At tnis morn
ing's session President Elliott submitted
his annual report.
Secretary Bassett submitted bis annual
report showing tliat the total membership
on February 1. 18116, was 39.323, and on
February 1 last. 73.742, a gain of 34,419
members. Mr. Bassett said that during
the ten years he had acted as secretary be
has enrolled 150,783 applications for mem
bership and bad received and disbursed
1465.681,
In his report Mr. Bassett said : "Our In
come for 1896 was $127,495. The best pre
vious record. was $60,351, less than half.
We have distributed $72,584 among the di
visions; the previous record, $35,178, les
than half. Our -merchandise sales s ow
an income of $3778 and a profit of $749.
The Bulletin cost us above what we re
ceived from subscribers $6117."
1. B. Potter of the improvement to high
ways committee read a lengthy report.
He said the work was gaining strength
and legislation was progressing on this
question in twelve States. He referred to
roads in European countries Where the
Government controls them. He urged all
wheelmen to use tbeir best efforts to se
cure this reform in their own States. He
said opposition from the farmers was due
to a luck of knowledge.
The transportation committee reported
that it bad found that the railroads bad
determined to fix a charge for carrying
bicycles. Efforts had been made in many
of the States to secure the passage of a
bill similar to tbe Armstrong bill in this
State, and the chairman had hopes of it
being adopted in all States except Ver
mont and Georgia, wh»re it had been de
feated. A numberof Western roads con
sented to carry bicycles- free. He ex
pected that in a short time all the trunk
lines will b* in line with the others.
George D. Gideon, chairman of the Na
tional Racing Board, was introduced amid
a storm of applause. He said the racing
season of 1890 was greater than ever be
fore. The board bat a great deal of diffi
culty in keeping the amatenr ranks from
abuse. There are 1396 professionals in the
country, and the sport was clean, having
opened a new field" for men to obtein an
honorable livelihood. Forty-seven Na
tional meets bad been held and 2958 sanc
tions had been issued.
Albert B. Mott of Maryland moved that
the balance received from the racing
board be paid to Mr. Gideon for his salary
for the past two year«. Adopted.
COURSIXG AT SACRAMEXIO.
Dogs Entered for the Contests at the Park
on Sunday.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. IL—Follow
ing is tbe list of entries for Sunday's
coursing «♦. tbe park. There will be a lim
ited stake in addition to the unfinished
stake from last Sunday. Ed Canovan,
judge; J. Stout, slipper:
. Egan and Hsnlon's Reception vs. Turf ken
i nel's Ingleside, Sergeson and McDonald's
| Lilly V v.-. McC'urdy and Sullivan's Belvidere,
I M. Heilman'* Cloverleaf vs. T. Kennedy's Lit
■ tie School Girl, W.Walsh's Buckwa vs. serge
, sou and McDonald's Augeline, E. Horton's
| Queen vs. J. Sweeney's Just Wait a Minute,
: Downes and Sweeney's Snider vs. Sergesou
' and McDonald's Aunt Jemima,- J. Stout's Lord
Lonsdale vs. M. H. Sheehan's Iroquois, E. En-
I right's li,dian vs. J. Dohertv's Prince Lief.
t*
Racing at A etts Orleans.
' NEW ORLEANS,. La., Feb. 11.— Seven fur
longs,' Dave Fulsiler won. Hailstone second,
Gunwad third. , Time, 1:37.
. Seven furlongs, Nannie L's Sister won,
Double Danimy second, Veuce dOr third.
Time, 1:40.
Six furlongs, Domingo won, If second, llano
Belle third. Time, 1:22 1 <.
• One mile and a sixteenth, FAvorlne'won,
Maiqulse second, Connie Lee third. Time,
2:20^.
Six furlongs. Rover won, Sligo second,
Favorita third. Time, 1:25.
Six furlong"! Miss Row etc won, Gilford Ham
second, Bust Up third. Time, I:22J£.
Scores of the Jiicjcle Race.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Feb. 11.— The score
at midnight in the seventy-two hour bicy
cle race (forty-eight hours) were: Waller
842 miles 8 laps. Gim . 842 miles 8 Japs,
Schoikßl9 miles, Hall 801 miles 5 laps,
Forster 782 miles 1 lap, Keuckel 730 miles
3 laps.
IaYMAM J. GAGt.'S SUCCESSOR.
S. 31, Nickerson Elected President of the
First National Rank.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 11.— At a meeting
of tbe directors of the First National Bank,
held this afternoon, S. If. Nicxerson, one
of the heaviest stockholders of tbe bank,
was elected president in place of Lyman
J. Gage, who resigned to accept the port
folio of Secretary of the Tfeasury in Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet.
George D. Bouthen, who has been with
the bank for thirty-tlm-e years, was ap
pointed second vice-president in place of
J. li. Fergan. who was elected to the tirst
vice-presidency, and whom, it is under
stooa, will be" the real executive chief of
the institution at the salary paid Mr.
Gage.
Mr. Bouthen will continue to bave
charge of the foreign exchange depart
ment. It is expected that Mr. Gage has
given his friends and bonk colleagues to
understand that in severing his connec
tion with the bank be did so for all time.
The constitutional provision requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to have no in
terest whatever in banks.'
Rig Rank Checks in Roiton.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 11.— Considerable
interest was manifested in the clearing of
a million-dollar check between Boston
banks Tuesday, but yesterday the Shaw
mut National Bank made the largest
Boston clearing-house settlement on
record, paying a check of about $2,250-,
000. This stands unique in the annals of
the Boston clearing-house. The check
was drawn in connection with the recent
State bond transaction.
Wilson President of a University.
LEXINGTON. Va., Feb. 11.— Tbe board
of trustees of Washington and Lee Uni
versity met here to-day and unanimously
elected Hon. William Wilson, Postmaster-
General, president of the University. It
is said that a committee from the board
visited Mr. Wilson soon after the resigna
tion of President Lee and that he ex
pressed himself as being willing to ac
cept the position. He will enter upon the
duties July 1.
Rockefeller's Generosity.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 11.— At a
meeting of prominent Baptists at the resi
dence of John 1). Rockefeller in this city
to-night, Rockefeller promised to con
tribute the sum of $2d0,0d0 toward pay
ing off the total indebtedness of $486,000
resting upon tbe Baptist Foreign and
Home Missionary Societies, providing
friends of the societies subscribed the re
mainder by July 1 next.
Xeus fork Rank Agreement Abandoned.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 11.— Seven of
the forty-one banks in the agreement not
to lend money on call at less than 2 per
cent, have abandoned their agreement and
are lending at 1% percent. The big banks
in the Wall-street district will probably
continue to adhere to the 2 per cent rate.
Nebraska Vets fur tutsan Independent
HASTINGS, Nebr., Feb. 11. —At the
Grand Army encampment, Department
of Nebraska, which was concluded here
to-day. a resolution of sympathy with the
Cubans, and requesting Nebraska Con
gressmen to favor' any measure looking to
their independence, was adopted unani
mously by a rising vote amidst hearty
cheers.
Mexican Randits' Rig Haul.
DURANGO, Mex.. Feb. 11.— A burro
train, carrying $30, of silver, the pro
duct of the Julio mine, was held up near
San Felipe. The guard offered little re
sistance and the robbers made their
escape.
Twenty ofthe Cr*w Drowned.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. IL— lt is now
learned that through the loss of the British
cargo steamer Cvanus near the island of
Ushant, reported yesterday, twenty oltbe
crew were drowned.
CAS UA L X X X ISA OROVILLE.
E. Reynolds, a Miner, Accidentally
Shoots and Kills Himself.
OROVILLE, Cal., Feb. 11.— E. . Rey
nolds, a miner at Junction House, thirty
miles above here, accidentally shot and
killed himself last night. His dog treed a
coon and he und Henry Ruppert went
after the coon. Reynolds, climbed' tbe
tree, dropping his gun while climbing.
The gun' struck a limb, causing it to ex
plode, the contents striking mm in the
side and causing death in a few minutes.
Before he died Reynolds informed Rup
pert of nioney he had in the Hibernia
Bank and instructed him as to what dis
position he wished made of it. Ruppert
aid not remove tbe body, but watched
over it until the stage arrived this morn
ing, when the Coroner was notified and
took charge of the remains.
es AS RAFAEL PIOSEER DIES,
Joseph Gordon Pastes Away After Liv-
in i Four-! ore ■ l'ears.'
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 11.— Joseph
Gordon died to-day, aged 82 years. He
was a bachelor of extensive means, among
bis possessions in San Francisco being
the White House property. He was an
old Californian, well known 'and promi
nent among the pioneers. He was distin
guished among his friends for bis radical
American sentiments, though not a na
tive.and pronuunced Republicanism which
he expressed in vigorous Anglo-Saxon on
all cccaslons. He has for a long time
lived here with his niece. Mrs. John Sims,
and has been bedridden four or five years
Though hs had no family he bas educated
a great many nieces and nephews in Scot
land and Canada.
Rilly the Kid P.eads Innocence.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 11.— Manuel
Brown, alias Billy the Kid, held here for
the murder of Belle Jannary 23, stated
to-day that Will Warner killed Bedew
with a billiard cue. He was within six
teen feet when Bellew was struck. War
ner, he said, confessed to him tha: he had
knocked out and killed several persons in
the East, but bad to leave, as the police
were on bis trail.
More Frequent 3 rips to Alaska.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 11.— In antici
pation of increased traffic with Alaska
this season, one of the leading steamship
companies of the Pacific Coast has an
nounced that it will, beginning March 29,
inaugurate a five-day service . between
Seattle and Juneau. Better and more fre-
3 nent service is also promised between
unr-aiiand St. Michaels, at the mouth of
the Yukon.
Friesleben WiU Filed at Oroville.
OROVILLE, Cal., Feb. IL— This after
noon Attorney A. F. Jones tiled with the
County Clerk the will of the late D. N.
Friesleben and a petition praying that it
be admitted to probate. The petition. sets
forth that the estate is valued, in round
numbers, at $200,000.
Appointed < ommissioner. .
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 11.— Carlton
F. Clark was to-day appointed Commis
sioner tothe Central American Exhibition,
whic 1 ! opens at Guatemala on Marc i 15.
DRIVEN BY LAW
TO A MADHOUSE
Sad Fate of an Aged Couple
Who Lost Their Stock
ton Home.
Unable to Pay for Street Im
provements The Property
\ Is Mortgaged.
Forec osure Drives the Old Man Crazy
and Now H s Life-Partner Is
a Muniac
STOCKTON. Cal., Feb. 11.— A pitiful
sight was to be seen this afternoon at tbe
dwelling of David McLaughlin near tbe
loot of Main street. In the kitchen a
numberof ladies from the neighborhood
bad gathered round, and in their midst,
bald firmly by two persons, witb her back
upon their laps, lay gasping and strug
gbne an aged woman, who had become a
raving maniac from tha loss of her home,
which she and her husband were com
pelled to mortgage to pay for street im
provements, and which was taken away
from them a few months ago.
In the kitchen were two officers of the
law, and at tbe front gate a hack bad
drawn up waiting to take the poor woman
to tbe madhouse, while her husband had
preceded her, for be, too, was driven
insane by the loss of their home and was
committed to the asylum some two months
ago.
The McCues owned four lots at the
northwest corner of Channel and Aurora
streets, which was tbeir home place, and
four more "east of the railroad." The
husband made his living, byr means of a
horse and cart. He sold manure, and
they got along very frugally. Finally,
they were ordered to improve the streets
in front of their property, and to do so a
mortgage had to be clapped on the lots.
The interest could not be paid. The debt
grew larger and larger, and at last every
thing went.
Obliged to quit the spot which had been
their home for some thirty-five years, they
sought shelter elsewhere. The husband
soon found it in the madhouse, for he
went crazy brooding over bis loss. Mrs.
McCue obtained a new home at her
brother's house, but she could not help
worrying over tbe change in affairs.
Yesterday she grew worse and would go
out into the back yard and throw herself
onto the ground. Last night she sang
and danced and screamed ana stamped
with ber feet up and down the sidewalk
in front of the dwelling, and this morning
the same performance was repealed. Both
husband and wife are now in the asylum.
BAS JOSE AX S VISIT STOCKJOS.
Mayor and Councilmen Inspect the
Model Street-Roller.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 11.— Stockton
had a number of distinguished guests to
day. They came from the Garden City,
arriving here by boat this morning. The
visitors consisted of Mayor Valentine
Koch, Councilmen J. P. Fay, W. T. Nolt
ing and J. P. Jarman and Chief of Police
Kid ward.
The object of the San Joseans' visit to
this city was to take a look at the new
street-roller. Agent Maggard has been in
San Jose trying to sell that city a roller
similar to the one he sold io Stockton, and
he suggested that the officials of that
place visit this city to look at the machine,
knowing that the Stockton street officials
would praise it.
San Jose is now making extensive
street improvements and the only rolier
that the city owns is a six-ton horse
machine. Ihis morning the San Jose
officials paid a visit to the Sheriff's mu
seum cf curios, being shown around by
Chief of Police Kingsbury. They were
also taken over recently macadamized
streets, and the roller was pointed out to
them as a marvel of modern mechanism.
R UXA WA IS AT STOCK.
Five San Francisco Boys Taken in Tow
by the Police.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Feb. 11.— Five boys,
whose homes are in San Francisco and
who got the runaway craze, arrived in this
city this morning by boat. They aro now
in jail. The police last night received in
formation of the fact that cm of the lads
had run away, and the fat «r of the boy
asked the officers to intercept them. Cap
tain Simpson and Officer Welsh went to
tbe boat this morning to arrest the young
ster, but while tney were at it they jailed
four of his companions. All the boys will
MR. T. STACKE.
Mr. T. Stacke lives at the Santa Rosa
Hotel, corner Fourth and San Pedro streets
Los Angeles, Cal. He has used several
bottles of the native sarsaparilla, and ia
now convinced Joy's Vegetable Sarsa
parilla is best, "for," said he, "when I be
gan using the Sarsaparilla I had a desire
to rest all the time. My blood was dis
ordered, my tongue coated. At times,
just for a moment, my head swam ; I was*
not the least bit dizzy. I knew my needs
and determined to use a bottle of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I easily procured
the first bottle, and after using for six days
felt better in every way. When I bought
the second bottle I had a little trouble in
getting it. The drug clerk tried to talk me
into using something else. I knew what I
wanted and insisted on getting Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I am heartily
glad 1 bought the remedy and will gladly
recommend it to any one. Joy's is cer
tainly fine."
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claim
to pay its advertising bills is a fraud.
Dou t let the drug clerk talk you into
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He laugh, at you when
you leave the corner store with a substi
tute. -Watch bim.-.
be sent home by to-night's steamer. The
names of the runaways are Dave Cantor,
Clinton Dugan, Harvey Johnson, William
Meyer and Bennett Cahill. Cantor is the
lad whom the officers . were asked to ap
prehend. ___________________
REDWOOD CITT DIVORCE.
Raplista A. Port l Secures a Decree of
Separation From Hit Wife.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 11.— This
afternoon Judge Buck granted a divorce
to Baptists A. Portal from Mary A. Portal
on the grounds of extreme cruelty. Mary
Poi tal commenced suit for divorce some
time ago aeainst her husband, alleging
extreme cruelty on his part. He answered
the complaint and filed a cross-complaint,
alleging extreme cruelty as his ground for
divorce. To-day when the case was called
for bearing the plaintiff failed to put in
an appearance either in person or by her
attorney, and the court, after hearing the
evidence ot defendant, granted him the
divorce as prayed for in his cross-com
plaint. The court also awarded the de
fendant all his separate property and all
the community property belonging to the
pair. .
3a*n Jackson Acquitted at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 11.— The trial of
Sam Jackson on a charge of embezzlement
was brought to a sudden close to-day.
After the defendant had testified in bis
own behalf Judge Webb instructed the
jury to retire and bring in a verdict of
acquittal, which was done. Jackson was
charged with embezzling moneys from
Mrs. Rebecca A. Rawlins while acting as
her attorney in handling her estate, which
was worth about $40,000.
Santa Barbara Suit for Damages.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. IL—
Suit was filed in the Superior Court by
Paul R. Wrieht and Emily G. Wright
airain^t A. L. Pandola and 1). F. Oiileoby
to-day. Plaintiffs allege that defendants
while engaged in grading Sola streets in
this city, left it in a dangerous condition
on November 27, 1896, and that Emily G.
Wright fell into one of the trenches, re
ceiving injuries amounting to $50,000.
Santa Rarbara Hunter Fatally Shot.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. George
Helmer, a youth of 17, while duck hunt
ing last night with three companions just
outside the city limits, was fatally shot
by the accidental discharge of his own
pun. He never regained consciousness,
and died at 3 o'clock this morning.
Receiver Appointed at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 11.— F. H.
Officer was to-day appointed by the court
receiver for the Pennsylvania Smelting
Company. Mr. Officer riled his bond in
the sum of $80,000, and entered upon his
duties at once.
Truckee Ice Carnival Opens.
TRUCKEE, Cau, Feb. 11.— Truckee
Ice Carnival' ls in good running order.
Dormer Lake is frozen over and the skat
ing and sleighing are excellent.
YOU CAN BE CORED
YOU CAN BE CURED .
YOU CAN BE CORED
YOU CAN BE CURED
YOU CAN BE CUBED
!■ U( jp n I Yon Caa Be Cured |
Cures. Yon Can Be Cures !
If you are in a state of physical or men-
tal debility and realize that something
must be done, YOU CAN BE CURED.
The great Hudyan Remedy Treatment
has been used by the doctors of the Hud-
son Medical Institute so long as that
every one has had an opportunity of
discovering the sterling merits of this
great discovery. Hudyan is a. remedy-
treatment for the curing of diseases and
disabilities of men. Hudyan cures when
others fail to cure. Hudyan is especially
used in cases of Nervous Debility, Nervous
Exhaustion, Melancholia and Sperma-
torrhoea. Usa the Hudyan remedy-
treatment and you will be cured. Write
for CIRCULARS FREE, or consult the
Hudson Medical doctors free.
BLOOD POISON.
When you are .. suffering from Blood
Poison, whether in the first, secondary or
tertiary state, you can be cured with the
30-DAY CURE. Call on doctors of Hud-
son Medical Institute or write for 30-DAY
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Junction Stockton, "Market anil Ellin Sts.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic
Pacific
Trains leave and arrive at^^?^S^^a^3
ilarkfc V -street Ferry. |»>jisgTCgjgafl!|
SASTA FEIXPRESS. 9SIS9E!
Io Chicago via A. &. V . vQ^SSr^UTlri
«.&.«.„ en,. A run daily • &Tsif^s!Js»£.
EjpSS City. Ann«ca£ fS^t^gX,
£» areas? Kansas City, Chica™
T-SZf. aaU the WhUe fountains leive
The best railway from California to the K«t
New rails, new ties: no dust- in-e-estlne scen££
-USA good meals In Harvey >VdilSn c ;- s. ,CenerJ '
han Francisco Ticket Office, 044 Marks*
9t Chronicle Huilding. Telephone Mala
IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via bausalito Ferry).
VMM Sea Francisco, Corame&clas heps. 13, 189&
WEEKDAY*.
FerMm X? ,, X and San Rafael— *7 l23, *oi\\
11:00 a. u us *1:45. 3:45. »S:l4, •5:46,tt:30 P.*
Extra trips for Ban Kafael on Mondays. Wedae*
dare aad Saturdays at 11:30 p. it v
SUNDAYS. V
r^, M , 1 ?. 1 VftlI «J' «nd San Rafael-«8:00, eiO:Ca
•11:30 a. m.; •l : .S0, 3:00, *4:30. 6:16». at
Tfalna marked ■ run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
«7 Fo >o,ait o^?-7 mu * wa - v »tatlons-7i3» *.»,
: Weekdays, 8:00 a. it. bundays, 1:45 a. M. dmw
Cays.
-** C»«»dero and war stationa-7 a. U. vn»
tfVn 1:45 J. k. Saturday.
IWIJST TAMALPAIST
fT i 1 S ' onn ««' with North PaolO«
Coast Railroad. -««•■»
WKKK DAYS- i/-8v« S. F. 8:1 -S a. K. 1:45 t. m.
BIADA^S- Leave 8.F.8A. U 11:30 a.m. l:»o Kit
Keturninß-Arrlve a.F.1 :15 4:20 p.m. 7:35 » 2
11 ckets for aale in Mill Valley or
win w,?** C '° UK * SONS, 621 Market au, & F.
«m VaUey^nd Mount Tamalpais Hcwkj Kail way.
THE SAS F&llCISi'O AD m JOAQIIU
x VALLEY RAILWAY COfIPASY. ■
F^, M rn J n A d^ KY 31, 1897 ' PM9eng * r **&'■
& 7 a « <L Stations. Northbound
i.M a. « Stockton .5:10 p v a
11-to»'w' ■-•- • •^"•"•.••••■...i» : J" *.
it. to a, m Fresno ..1:10 p. it
*-„.f or, l «mWHate statlonsspe time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the - C. N. & i Co.
leave Ban Francisco and Stocktunat 6 r. M. daUy-
yew to-pat: \ - _
COLDS
Munyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the
head, co ds on the lungs, old colds, lew
colds and obstinate colds, and all formi of
grip. Stops sneezing, discbarges from \he
nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and all throat and luag
troubles. These peasant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, have?a~ed thousands
of lives and prevented much sicknes?.
Price; 23c.
MUNYON'S
t Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate curd for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
j Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
tt CURED AS IF
<#2&S^iM"Y^l^ Pp nJ for book that t«n t
mWM&X&t&Pt^^ bon- fnll Manly or Woman-
ffiSrow^*SClS^k ly v 'S° r 1» quickly and per-
CKs'*W'j*i 6aV"''>^s^ nianently restorod. It ten
f&aSSZgy -^lK?miiM how strength is given to
_F^"t^&S v *WS^S5ra every pa " of the body
W&Zfifzr •'j»S^*4Ka how toset heii!tl ' and how
B&ME&r : «j>Sa t0 keep it. .S?nt free oa
IflSS' l^vr'i^'a' opp,lcatlori " Stal e<i."
The Virehow Electric Co.,
yjfffJ&fi^i&ZJr l0<) Stockton Street,
San Franciaco.
V RAILROAD TRAVEL'
BOVTUKBN I'AMITC IO.Mi*4NT.
(PACIFIC IHtHL)
Trnlna leave »■•<! "'♦* «•»«* <<» nrrlve at
KAN ritA.Vi IS» ■«».
LEAVK — FKOM January 1, 1897. — arrivi
•«:0»a Kites, San .lose Mid Way Stations... ~ S:4s^
7:OOa Atlantic Exj>ross, Ogden and KtrA.. S-.l^sf
7:OOA Dtmicia, Vacaviile, Rumßey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
DaTU 6:43p
7:310 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:15«
B::«Oa Niles, Sau Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MaryßTille, Chico,
Tehama and Red Blurt 1 : 1 5
•S:3©A Tetcrs aud Milton '7:15*
•:OOa New Orleaus Han MS, Raymond (for
Yosomite), i'resno, Bakerslieiil.
Santa l!;iit>»ra, I ass Angeles, Item-
Ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
Kast 4:4.-, ,
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4 .45 ..
9:00 a Vallejo 0:13*
Nilas, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:1.1p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "J.-uilp
l:OOjt> Niles, San Josa and t.ivermore 8:43 a
\ltZ9r Port Costa and Way Stations : 43p
4:l»Ut> Martinez, .Sail Ramon, Vullejo,
Napa, Calistoga, HI Verano and
Santa Rosa 9i13 a
4:00p Benicia, Vacaville^ Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Sacramen'o 11:15 a
4i3o_i> Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning rit Martinez 11:43 a
0:OOrLo3 Angeies Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and l.os
Augeles 10:43 a
StOOp Santa Ke Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavtt nnd East 1 0:43 a
G:OOp Europenu Mall, Ogdau and Kast.... 0:43*
0:«Oi' ll:ir<ards, Nilesand San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOi> VaUejo 17:43*
7:OOrOroson Impress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, l'uget
Sound and East 11:15*
«;iO:OOp "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Xl Paso, New Orleans
and East. |1»:43p
SA MX IMVIsION (Narrow (Jauge
8: 1 5 a Newark. (>uterviU<',Haii.l«se,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations Si3op
•8:13p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Itoulder Creek, •
• Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11 a
4:lSp Newark, San Joso and Los (latos ... 9:30 a
fl 1:4 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations , t7:»op
COAST HI VISION illiiid & Towiiseinl Ms.)
C:4sa Han .)•)*« ami Wny Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30r
■<13A San Jose, TrcH Finos, Santa t'ruz.
Pucitic (liove. Paso Rulilcs, San
Luis Oliispo, (iuadalui'if>. Surf and
I'rincipiil Way .stations 7:OOp
_ I 0:40 a San .lose and Way Stations 3:OOp
lli.'SOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
•U:3«i- Mateo. Menlo Park. Nan .lose.
" ! " r " .'. Ciiruy, Tree Finos, Si.nta Cruz,
' ~- Salina3,Montevey and PaciCcGrove *Io:4o___
•3::»»r San Jose and Way Stations £-:43x
•4:3oi»Sav .Toaound Way Stations *»:05a
5:30 1- Sa. Jose and Principal ay Stations *N:43\
0:30 p San Jose and Way Stations «:35\
(ll:45l- Sau .lone nnil Way Stations t7:45p
SAN LKAXIIKO A.MI UPWARDS LQOAtj.
i*6:oo* ; ~~" 7 7:13a-
-8:OOa \ M»:4.IA
lo'c^a Melrose, Seminary Park, Jfjjg*
'".-SJIp hburg, San Leandro. «:« J
3:0 Or and * 4:45p
4:00p " na 1 5:43p
5:OOr Havwarda. 6:1 5p
5:80p Majwaras. 7:45p
7:«>Or- 8:431
8:«0p , _ .. ■. „„ 9:43p
9:OOr » Runs through to Mle«. 10:30p
ftll:l»pj ' Prom Niles. [ ttl2:QOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN FRiSCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slis 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. ±1:00 *2:03 13:09
•4:00 tB:00 *6:30r.M.
From OAKLAND— Foot of BroadwsT.— *6:00 8:00
IOKXIA.M. tl3:00 *1:00 tJ:00 *3:00 MM
"5:00 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. • f Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
Monday, Thnrsday and Saturday nights only.
TTueeday s and Saturdays. (Sundays and Thursday*.
FRA WO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Kerry— Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3\
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trla
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 11:30 p. v.
, 6UNDAYS— i:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3*
0:00, 6:20 p. it
San Riif-iel lo R(»n Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7.50, 9:20, 11:10 A. M-
-12:45.3:40,5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trtpi
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. St.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40,3:44
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. ..
' Leave . . _ , Arrive
San Francisca Oct. , 14. S * n anclsca
1 WEKK I Sun- j..^,.,, Sex- ; Wkkk'
Days, I bays, destination. j, Ay!K . [ Pat*
7:HOamj8:0O am Novato, 10:40 am- 8:40 am
8:3(Ifm U:3O am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
! 6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. . 7:35 pm: 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
i ytto.i,
Geyserville,
8:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
_____ . .
Fieta, ■ j
Hopland & I
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am I I 10:25 am
{8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm t { 6:22 pm
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:49 am
and
I 5:10 pm j 5:00 pm j Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 0:22 tm
i 7-30 am 8 01 am 5^v,.,..^, 110:40 AMll0:2 .AM
> 3:3OrMl5:OOpMl P*P»«topol. j 6:10 pm| tf .<,*
stacks connect at Santa Rosa lor Marc West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skates Springs: at
Fiovenlale for tiie Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and takepor:; a-,
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart Spring*: at
■ Ukiah tor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, 810-»
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Pout
; Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
: nells, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle.
. Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usai, wuiete, Cahtt* Co-
velo, laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
I rate*. -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
j yond San Rafael at half rates. ..,. .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market Chronicle hnlldlng.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Vrea. and Gen. Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
"*iriJriSTi~ii> *■ til fll *>' *■ iri '•* aon-poibonouj,
•VJWSSf^^^^msß remedy for Gonorrhoea
jg3Br iVltE '*^U Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
bBIW »a l tood»y».va| Whites, unnatural dis-
f~PW On»r>nu:cri ra charges, or an 7 inflamma-
ftC»a Dot *° «trlsture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
g^grrtveau contagion. tiou of mucous mem-"
K^VHEEvANSCHEUICAtCo. brallcB - Non-astringen*.
Id^CINCiNNATI.O JHW So,d by 1 *»^««^««r',
U.S. a. 38s^2 r Bent in Plain wr-pr*'-
<3i^^bk^ P y^J express, prepaid, f^r
| Weak Men and Women
I S H giSt Lt M U e^ A^"^ BITTERS THK
O great Mexican Bemedy- rive/ m..S'k ?il
Strength to the sexual Orgaai. ltt *"*QUARANTINED AT
DIAMOND POINT
Sorry Plight of the Crew
| of the Steamship
Victoria.
Development of Smallpox on the
•Vessel May Isolate Them
All Summer.
N w Cases Reported Daily Among
the Chinese Passengers, Causing
Great Alarm.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. IL—
• At the rate of development of smallpox
cases at Dimond Point station the past
two weeks, the crew of tho steamship
Victoria, running on the Puget Sound-
Orient route, is in a fair way to be re
tained by the United States quarantine
officials all summer.
Upon arrival of the vessel at Victoria
some weeks ago, she was subjected to a
thorough fumigation and the crew was
detained several days. They were then
sent across to this side in a special
.steamer, but Dr. Stimpson, United States
, quarantine ollicrr here, refused to permit
' tliem to join their vessel at Tacoma until
they Uad gone through two weeks of quar
'-. tine.
No case developed until the day prior
to the one on which they would have been
discharged, when smallpox symptoms ap
peared on one of the Celestials. This re
sulted in another quarantine of fourteen
days being declared. The time would
have expired 0:1 Saturday next, but this
morning Dr. Stimpson, in making his
rounds, found another case among the
sons of the Flowery Kingdom, as a conse
quence of which two weeks more will be
spent at the station. It is the opinion of
those conversant with the particulars that
more cases will develop from time to
time, in which event the prospects look
' fair to a summer isolation of not only
' tho patients, but the employes of the
station as well. The force includes
Keeper H. M. Hammond, Engineer Hank
Dewain, Attendant George Pint and seve
ral other well-known citizens of this city.
Ii I.R IMi SI. PATROL.
Uncle Sam Will Change His Tactics
This Tear.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Feb. 11— It
is learned from a reliable source that the
.. make-up of the Bering Sea fleet this year
j will be radically different from any pre
vious year, the authorities appreciating
the ridiculousness of the joint patrol De
tween this country and Great Britain, in
which the major part of the work falls on
the shoulders of Uncle Sam.
Since the patrol was inaugurated this
Government has been called upon to per
form the greater part of the work. At
first a fleet of war vessels accompanied the
revenue cutters and assisted in the work
of keeping the sea free from pelagic seal
ers, there being at one time ten first-class
' American craft in the north, while one
• an liquated old unsea worthy cunooat rep
resented Queen Victoria. Last season
tight revenue vessels patrolled the sea,
wnile one British vessel went north and
spent most of her time at Sitka, while the
oflicers went ashore on hunting ex pea i
• tions.
. As a result of this it is said that next
year the United States will send but three
■ cutters to patrol the waters adjacent to
" the seal island- , the fleet to be made up of
'• the Rush, Grant and Perry, leaving the
Bear free to look after the whaling sta
tion-. The start for the north will be
made from here early in May, the four
" vessels going in company.
PERIL VF THE MACK IS AW.
Still Aground and a Fierce Storm lt
Predicted.
.' PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. IL—
There are uo development in regard to
"the steamship Mackinaw, which ran
aj»r6und at Marrowstone Point early yes
terday morning, excepting that she is be
ing. buried deeper in the sands with every
motion of the water. The vessel is so
sprung as to prevent the use of the dis
"charging appliances aboard, and the deck
houses are opening up. The woric of dis
charging by hand is making little or no
showing on the vessel's draught, and it is
not probable that. she will' be ready for a
.pull by the lugs to-morrow, as was antici
pated. The barometer has fallen seven
tenths in the last twelve hours, and a
fierre storm is predicted for Puget Sound.
■In such event the fate of the Mackinaw is
. sealed beyond the possibility of a doubt.
TACOMA AGAIN EXCITED.
Mayor Orr Prefers Charges of Crooked
Conduct Against the Local Civil
Service Commission.
' TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 11.— Tacoma has
another municipal sensaiion.- Monday
night Mayor Orr startled the community
by preferring charges against tbe Civil
If Service Commission appointed last spring
••by Mayor Fawcett, consisting of Governor
T Teat! and Richard Bond (fusionisis) and
• F» Sahm (Republican), alleging that the
"commission's examination last spring of
app'icantsfor city positions was conducted
unfairly and that favored applicants were
. given copies of the questions two weeks
beforehand.
The Council has appointed an investi
gating committee, which is holding daily
.sessions. George Sanderson, a light in
spector, testified to-day that two weeks
before last spring's examination John
To<id gave him answers to the questions
to be asked, tiling him to memorize them
* and pass them on to other applicants.
This Sanderson did. He says the ques
tions asked were the same as on Todd's
list. He answered all he could remem
ber, but avera.ed only 08, or 2 less than
necessary. Sanderson says Todd told him
he .would fix it, and later Sanderson was
informed that his average had been raised
to 83. . Todd was then a city lineman, and
now resides in San Francisco.
Thi.s is a sample of the evidence brought
out. It is believed by many that the
Council will oust ihe commission, which
w:ll enable Mayor Orr to appoint a new
'ii». This will result in new examina
tions and in throwing out many employes
v.- ho were put to work under the Populist
commission.
EG OS'S IRASCIBLE SOZOSS.
fiery Speeches on the Subjects of Duty
nnil Honesty.
SALEM, Or., Feb. IL— Tbe joint As
ieembly was called to order at 12 noon.
r-The rolicall showed eleven Senators and
I twenty-six Representatives present, in all
thirty-seven. Representative Nos when
bis name was called, rose and said he was
here to do his duty and insisted that those
wbo did not were dishonest, but at the
same time a man had been elected when
he was not qualified and consequently
usurps his seat. Reed, a new convert
from the Senate, also answered to his
name and made a fiery speech, denounc
ing those who, would not recognize the
illegal organization. Reed remained out
thirty-two days and has only now discov
ered that the Benson House is not legally
organized. Like all new converts he was
unusually enthusiastic.
LOS ANGELES TALE OF WOE.
Pathetic Story of a Lovesick Swain, Who
Is Robbed and Jilted by the Girl
He Adores.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 11.— A for
lorn and lovesick swain, in the person of
Leon Mar'h of Oakland, unbosomed him
self to Chief Glass here to-day, telling a
pitiful story of how a heartless girl, after
getting possession of his valuables and
money, had jilted him and refused to re
store his effects. The fellow's lamenta
tions were very touching. It seems to
have been tbe first rude awakening of his
life In the line of fickleness in a young and
prepossessing lady. He said:
"I have often read accounts in the
pavers of men committing suicide because
they were disappointed in love, and I
always said they were big fools, but 1
came near taking my life last night on
account of being jilted by a tall and hand
some blonde.''
Young Marsh had a good position with
Dr. Clark, superintendent of an Oakland
hospital. Being a temperate young man
he had saved up quite a snug sum and was
looking forward to a trip to his old home.
About four months ago a tall blonde, giv
ing the name of May Wescott, arrived at
th hospital. She was a very sick woman
and appeared to be without friends or
money. Leon in passing through one of
the wards one day saw May nnd was smit
ten by her charms, and many little delica
cies lound their way to May's room, pur
chased by Leon's money.
Soon alter leaving the hospital the girl
promised to marry Marsh, who was the
happiest man in the world. He not only
purchased a diamond ring and pin for his
sweetheart, but he drew out his three
years' earnings from the bank, and three
weeks ago they came to Los Angeles. The
day following their arrival Leon proposed
to get out the marriage license, but May
said, "Oh wait a few days, until we loot
arouni." And so it continued until now
Marsh has given up all hopes, pronouncing
May several kinds of a fraud.
"My father is a wealthy planter in
Jamaica, and I have good friends in Oak
land. I have sent for money, which I ex
pect in a day or two, but I would like to
see that girl punished before I leave,"
were his parting remarks to the corre
spondent.
RASDSRURG MIXIXG LAWS.
The Stto Camp to Re Governed by Civil
ized Methods.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. IL— The
mining affairs at Randsburg are to be car
ried on hereafter in strict compliance with
a code of laws just promulgated by the
reputable miners and property-owners of
the district. The important features of
these by-laws are: £ >
After discovery has been made of a vein bear
ing mineral, the discoverer shall have thirty
days from the date of discovery in which to
comple le and record his loca'.lon. The area of a
mining claim in this district shall hi as now by
United States laws provided, not to exceed fif
teen hundred (1500) feet in length, with three
hundred i3OJ) feet on each side of the vein,
and such surface boundaries shall be marked
by five monuments, one at each corner, witn
an initial monument at the point of discovery ,
each monument not to be less than two and a
half feet high, with a notice placed therein,
showing the designated corner of the claim,
with relation to the same.
The locator of any location hereafter made
shall post at the point of discovery in some
conspicuous place on the initial moment an
exact copy of his locvion certificate, written
ln plain "English, t-uch location certificate
shall have Inscribed thereon the nam*.- of the
discoverer and the name of the vein or lode,
j with the date of discovery.
t All claims shall be recorded In the office of
the Recorder of this district except those here
[ tofore recorded osfore the adoption of these
I by-law*.
If any locator shall fall -to record hi« certi
ficate oi location within thirty days alter dis
covery such claim or ground shall be open to
location, but not by tte original locator as a
relocation. ......
All laws and parts of laws now in force in
this, the Rand mining district, iv conflict with
these laws are hereby repealed.
LOS ASGt.LES' U^EMTLOTED.
Reggars Fill the Streets and the Situation
/< Very Serious.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 11.—
unemployed problem is assuming a seri
ous aspect in this city. Notwithstanding
the ordinance intended to prevent able
bodied men from begging on the street-,
one is importuned at every turn of a cor
ner lor alms. Arrests have little or no de
terrent effect on the army of" beggars.
A committee from the Chamber of Com
merce met »o-day with a number of Coun
cilmen and representatives of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association
to talk over the unemployed situation.
The following Councilmen were present:
Messrs. Silver, Mathuss, Grider, Toll and
Ashman. The consultation lasted nearly
an hour in the committee-rooms at the
City Hall. All the methods of raiting
money to aid the needy were discussed.
The Councilmen made it plain to the
gentlemen assembled that the city's
finances would not permit of any aid from
that source. The street-sweeping propo
sition submitted by Mayor Snyder was
taken up, but it appeared that this plan
would cost the city about three times the
present cost of street-sweeping. There
was considerable talK of cutting down the
city officials and employes all along the
line.
AS EXPOSITIOX BUILDIXG.
Los Angeles Project to Erect a Mam-
moth Structure.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 11.—
Angeies is to have an exposition building
that will meet the demands of the times
and the size and importance of the city.
There is need of a bnilding suitable for
holding great expositions and talcing care
of large conventions and similar gather
ings. The city is well supplied in the wav
of theaters, streetcar lines, churches and
hotels, but there is a demand for a great
building specially built for exposition
purposes. This demand is to be met, and
a movement is now on foot to put at least
$100,000 into the project. The backers of
the project are such public-spirited busi
ness men as W. H. Perry. Max Meyberg,
O. T. Johnson and F. W. Braun and some
others equally interested. The plans have
not yet been matured, but it is the Inten
tion to have the building centrally lo
cated. Colonel Gray, who so successfully
managed the Home product Exhibition so
recently closed, talks enthusiastically of
the project, and says three is a demand
for such a structure, and that it will be
put up in the near future.
Touna Laird Convicted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 11. — F. J.
Laird Jr. was convicted of obtaining
money under false pretenses to-day in the
Superior Court. Laird passed a bogus
check for $20 on a local grocery firm and
skipped to San Francisco. He was ar
rested there for having stolen a woman's
purse containing $160, but after lying in
jail three months the charge was dis
missed because the • woman . refused to
prosecute, and he was turned over to De
tective Steele of the local department and
brought back for trial. Laird set up a
plea of . irresponsibility on account of
drink and having taken the gold cure,
but this was knocked out by tbe court.
Modjeska Too lit to Appear.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 11.— There
was no performance at the theater to
night, owing to the sickness of Mme. Mod
jeska, why had | attended supper a*ter the
j-erlormance last night," wearing a 'low
neck gown. She was tacked by a severe
colic to-day and ,was unable to appear.
TO. CUKE A COLO, IN ONE DAT.
gake laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money IX it fails to cure, '-ide
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, ; 1897.
TAKEN BACK EAST
FOR WIFE MURDER
The Checkered Career of a
Prominent Citizen of
Ritzville, Wash.
Disappears From His Home in
Wisconsin After the Crime
Ten Years Ago.
Marries Again and Is Divorced—His
Capture Effected Through a
Clever Attorn
SPOKANE, Wash., Fob. IL— Mark W\
Townsend, a well-known schoolteacher
and prominent citizen of Ritzville, Adams
County, near here, was arrested at that
place to-day and started immediately for
Grant County, "Wis., where he is wanted
on a charge of murdering his wife ten
years ago. The arrest was made by Sheriff
McGonigal of Grant County, who ar
rived on the eastbound overland train
with extradition papers he had secured at
the State Capitol.
As the Sheriff stepped off the car
Townsend happened to be standing on the
platform. While the train was waiting
the Sheriff, in passing to the hotel bus,
recognized fcis man, made the arrest, put
him aboard the train and in five minutes
from the time he landed in town was on
the way East with his prisoner.
Attorney J. H. Hartson of Ritzville, on
whose information tne arrest was made,
thus details the facts that led to it:
"Eight years Townsend came to Adams
County. Nothing was known of his ante
cedents. He taught school, bectme well
known in educational circles, took up two
pieces of Government land and tried farm
ing. In time he married Miss Mary Wat
son, who before long complained to her
family of her husband's brutal treatment.
Last summer she instituted divorce pro
ceedings and a fierce feud sprang up be
tween Townsend and members of the
Watson family. The court granted her a
divorce and gave her the custody of her
two children
"Since the divorce was granted Town
-1 send has made threats repeatedly against
| "the lives of the Watson family, and has
1 further threatened to use dynamite against
' thorn. He had her brothers arrested re
; cently for defending her against bis at
tacks.
"While the divorce proceedings were
pending a letter came to his address from
' nis old home. It was from a former
friend, urging him to send money for the
j support of his children. This was the
I first knowledge his wife had tbat be was
i ever married before. Upon this clew I
I went to Grant County, Wisconsin, two
! weeks ago and learned the facts of his life
theie. In that county he bad manied a
young country girl. Ono day he was
cleaning a loaded revolver and was stand
ing three feet behind his wife with the
muzzle pointed at her hesd. The ham
mer was up. the pistol was discharged
and his wiie fell fatally wounded. The
Coroner's jury returned a verdict of acci
dental death and no proceedings were
brought against him.
■■' "Soon thereafter Townsend left Ithe
country. After he bad disappeared other
circumstances came to the surface which
| created a strong presumption that be had
killed his wife. It v was further alleged
that he had taken one of his children and
hits its bead violently aeainst tbe wall ana
that from these injuries the child died a
few days later. But he had disappeared
from the country and no active steps were |
taken by the authorities to search out his
whereabouts. When I went to his old
home and told the story of his present
troubles the authorities promptly took
st»ps to secure his arrest and extradition
irom the State of Washington."
SANTA CLARA YOUTHS WANTED.
Obtain a Team and Wagon and Supplies
tor a Camping Expedition Under
False Pretenses.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 11.— Dan Dutchie
I and Joe Enos, two young men well known
j at Santa Clara, are wanted by the officers
! at that place oq a charge of obtaining
I goods under false pretenses. Monday aft
| ernoon they hired a team and a wagon
j with which to co camping, and then went
I around town loading up the wagon with
provisions which they had charged to T.
L. Williams, a butcher. Supplies were
obtained at A. V. Fatjo's grocery and the
Universal Bakery, and the horses were
shod at Hunch's blacksmith-shop under
these pretenses. In all they have created
an indebtedness of about $15 for Mr. Wi!^
Hams. The campers started for the vicin
ity of Watsonville, where they will proba
bly be arres.ed.
BURGLARY CHARGE DISMISSED.
Deputy Constable Branson Is Cautioned
to Re More Careful.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 11.— charge
of burglary preferred against Charles
Branson, a deputy constable, about a week
ago by Louie Lung, a Chinese employ
ment agent, was dismissed this morning
by Justice Gass, as there was not sufficient
evidence to sustain the charge. . Branson
was accused of breaking in the door of
Lung's place of business and robbing the
inmates of $25. The officer denied the
charge of robbery and claimed he was
looking for evidence to convict Lunz of
running an opium joint. He was cau
tioned to be more careful in exercising his
official authority hereafter.
SEW CHARTER MASB-MBETISO.
Dr. Jordan to Address nan Jose Citizsns
This Erening.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. IL— A mass-meet
ing in the interest of the new charter will
be held at Torn Verein Hall Friday even
ing under the auspices of the New Charter
Club. Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University will deliver the principal ad
dress of the evening. Besides referring to
the provisions of the new charter Dr. Jor
dan will present many interesting data
from Ins celebrated lecture on "Concentra
tion in Municipal Government." Judge
F. E. Spencer will preside at the meeting.
City Attorney Welch and others will aiso
speak.
♦
Death of Miss H. M. Wnt kins.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IL— Miss H. M.
Watkins, an old resident of this county,
died at Los Angeles Tuesday. She was a
native of New York, aged 75 years. The
deceased came to this city in 1851 with
her brother, B. F. Watkins, and made her
home in this, city for a number of years.
Miss Watkins was an earnest worker in
church and temperance matters and was
well known here. Hue funeral will be
held la tbis city to-morrow.
Joseph P. Shell-/ Is Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IL— Joseph P.
Skelly, a plumber and tinsmith doing busi
ness on West- Santa Clara street, near
Delmas avenue, to-day riled a petition in
insolvency. His liabilities are $1420. The
principal creditors are Lane & Co., $318;
Dalziel & Muller, $2C9. and G. H. Tay &
Co., $230, all of San Francisco. ! The assets
are $647, consisting of book accounts and
stock on hand. The petition will be heard
February 19.
Dying From Drinking Doctored Liquor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IL— Frank Garcia
is dangerously ill from drinking liquor
which, it is said, P. Sanguinetti, a grocer
and saloon-keeper, doctored to detect the
person who was stealing from him. Yes
terday, it is alleged, Garcia helped himself
to a bottle of the mixture, which was
strongly dosed with ammonia. The stuff
burned his throat and stomach horribly,
and bis death is looked for.
Suing on a Promissory Sote.
. SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 11. — William
Southerland has brought suit against J. H.
and J. If. Cornthwait to recover $914 28 al
leged to be due on a promissory note dated
February 19, 1893, in favor of J. H. Rucker,
which was assigned to Southeriand.
Foreclosure Decree. Granted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IL— ln the suit
of Joseph I. Lawless vs. Minnie.. Pluns
Judge Lorigan to-day granted a decree of
fort-closure on certain lots at Palo Alto,
the judgment being for $1315.
CARXOTRDERAJE AT BTASFORD.
Mayor Phelan and Attorney Page to Re
Two of the Three Judges.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
11. — Two of the three judges for the Car
not debate, which is to take place on the
campus next Friday evening, have been
selected. Of the list submitted by the
University of California, James D. Phelan,
the popular Mayor of San Francisco, and
Attorney Charles Page, proved entirely
satisfactory. The third, the Rev. Mr. Par
sons of Menlo Park,- ha? not as yet
given his consent to act in such capacity.
Dr. Jordan will preside. Arrangements
are being made to receive the Berkeley
contingent, a number of whom are ex
pected to attend the debate.
SASTA CRUZ EL AX KET FACTORY.
Rusiness Men Meet and Advocate the
I'roj ct.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. IL— The
presence of a large number of business
men and the earnest speeches made at the
meeting called by the Board of Trade last
nfght to consider the proposition to estab
lish here a blanket factory, gave strong
evidence of the interest that is felt in the
proposition. The land and lumber re
quired having been already donated by
the F. A. Hihn Company, there remains
but little else to be done to secure the fac-
tory.
W. M. Humbert of Ashland, Or., from
whom the proposition comes.says the mill
will have a capacity of 100 blankets per
day, and will give employment to about
fifty white persons. The" Manufacturers'
Committee of the Board of Trade, of which
W. H. Lamb is president, was assured at
the meeting of financial aid for the enter
prise. :."-^:
Shortridge Argues for Dismissal.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 11.— Samuel
M. Shortridge occupied this forenoon ses
sion of the Superior Court in concluding
his argument, begun yesterday noon,
upon his motion to dismiss the suit of
James Struve against the Western Beet
Sugar Company of Watsonville. Plain
tiff s counsel, Charles Cassin, occupied the
afternoon, and will continue bis argu
ment, probably occupying all morning
to-morrow. Jurors were dismissed until
Wednesday, when the case will be called.
Supposed Incendiary Blaze.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal.. Feb. IL— A fire,
supposed to be of incendiary origin,
started inthe dressmaking shop of Mrs.
Valencia in the Grand Hotel block, at 3
o'clock this morning. It was discovered
in time to prevent a disastrous conflagra
tion, whicn would undoubtedly havo re
sulted, as the whole block and adjacent
buildings are "of wood: There is no clew
to the identity of the firebug.
Salt Lake shoe Firm Fails.
SALT LAKE CITY,' Utah, Feb. 11.— The
boot and shoe house of Charles Baer was j
closed this afternoon by the Sheriff on at- ,
tachments is«ued by local creditors aggre- I
gating $10,000. The firm is indebted to I
Eastern wholesale houses in a larger I
amount than the local indebtedness, but i
these have not yet been beard from.
arrow Escape From Drowning.
ROHNERVILLE. Cal., Feb. While
trying to ford Van Dozen Creek this
morning Peter Petersen got into deep
water and was carried down the stream.
His horse became entangled in the har
ness and was drowned. Petersen was
saved by a scratch.
Hotel Fire at San Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Feb. IL— A
fire broke out in the kitchen of the Chi
cago Hotel this afternoon nnd destroyed
the entire building. Los* $3000. with $2200
insurance. A defective flue was tbe cause
of the conflagration.
Residence Burned at Scotia.
ROHNERVILLE, Cal., Feb. 11.—
residence of R. S. Leard at Scotia was
destroyed last night by fire during the
absence of the family. The property was
insured.
RUN INTO BY BOYS
E. W. Taylor, an Od Man, Dies at the
City ami County Hospital.
Edward W. Taylor, an old man, 70 years
of age, died at the City and County Hos
pital lasc night, and his body was re
moved to the Morgue, where an inquest
will be held. -^.--
On the evening of December 21 the old
man was run into and knocked over by
some boys on the corner of Montgomery
and California streets. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital in tbe patrol
wagon, and Dr. Well found that his right
thigh and right wrist were fractured. He
was removed to the City and County Hos
pital two days later, and died last night,
it is thought chiefly owing to the shock
to his system.
Taylor lived in the Railroad House, on
Sutter street, and gave bis occupation as a
lawyer. Ot^HS!
ORDER OF DRUIDS.
Annual Meeting .of Manzanita Grove
and Election of Officers.
The annual meeting of Manzanita Grove
No. IOC, United American Order of Druids,
was held in Druids' Hall last night, when
the following officers were elected:
Noble arch, E. F. Donnelly; vice arch,
Joseph Glnocchio; recording secretary,
H. F. Martin; financial secretary, E.
Isaacs; treasurer, Paul H. Son tag; con
ductor, L. G. Ratto; inside guard, -R.
Tasse; outside guard, S. Nitsonden; physi
cian. Dr. Glover. The officers will be in
stalled on Monday night.
. The meeting was very largely attended,
as Manzanita Grove is one of the most in
fluential ioJges in the order.
Their Last Social.
The Christian Endeavor Society of tbe West
minster Presbyterian Church will give a social
this evening. This will be the last social
gathering in the old church on Fell street, as
it is expected the new church, corner oLtoge
aud Webster streets, will Le ready for occu
pancy some time in March. ■
The lollowing programme has been pre
pared, after which refreshments will be served:
Vocal solo, Mist Elsie Rembaugh; recitation,
Mm Ivy Perkins; violin solo, Miss H. Brown';
recitation, Miss Cecil Hyde Case; solo. Miss
Perkins.
liming Carnival.
A boxing carnival and heavy-weight contest
for tbe championship of the Pacific Coast will
be held at Woodward's Pavilion to-night. It
has been tendered aa a benefit to the Manhat
tan Athletic Association to furnish funds to
alter its clubrooms. Some interesting contests
•re promised. • \
IN PURSUIT OF A
WIFE-POISONER
Police of Mazatlan, Mex.,
Want William Felt
Hermans.
Formerly Lived at Portland, 0:.,
but Now Believed to Be
in This City.
Story of a Fast You'ig Man Who
Wedded a Variety Actress and'
Tired of Her.
PORTLAND, Ob., Feb. 11.— William
Felt Hermans, formerly day clerk in a
small north end lodging-house, known as |
the Laclede, in this city, is wanted by the j
Mazatlan (Mexico) police for wife- poison- j
ing. He is believed to be in San Fran
cisco, having had ample time to encircle ,
the globe betweed the date of the commis- |
sion of the crime and its discovery.
Hermans and hi 3 wife left here about .
two years ago. When he came to this city :
in 1891 be went by the name of Felt Bur
ton. He claimed to belong to a Boston
family, that he was a Harvard graduate I
and that his visit West, was merely to I
familiarize himtelf with the country and
the customs of the people.
Strangely enough for a man of his
claimed birth and refinement John Corts
of the Standard Vaudeville Theater, on
First and Madison streets, had a mes
meric hold upon Burton-Hermans, for
toward the close of the first year of his
visit here, and for two months or more
afterward, Burton scarcely missed a night
there. i:/.;
Before the close of the year it became
apparent to ail the attaches of the Stand
ard, as well ss to the Bostonian's mere
intimate companions, that he was paying
particular attention to a very pretty and
quite demure young woman in the house
who went by the assumed name of Trixie
Marvin. About Christmas time, 1891.
Trixie vanished from the theater, the
surroundings of which were really offen
sive to her nature, and resumed a quiet
life with her parents on the East Side.
That ended Burton-Hermans' contribu
tions to the Standard Theater treasury.
It was somewhat of a puzzling mystery
to many of those whom Burton was feast
ing, willing and otherwise squandering
much money upon as to what could be bis
motive in remaining in this city so long
if his purpose in coming West was to
study tho country and the people. In fact,
the provincial, gossipy nature of two oi
three of the young men who were con- :
stantly partaking of Burton's hospitality
prompted them to write to Boston to as
certain their host's antecedents. But ■
their curiosity never was satisfied, and ;
even up to this day no one hare knows
who Burton, alias Hermans, was, beyond i
that he proved himself a prince of good j
fellows in the matter of lavishing money '
! upon those whom he fancied— when be
| had it
Early in 1892 Burton sprang another
surprise upon his swell companions by
marrying Trixie Marvin, without inviting
a solitary one of tbem to his wedding!
Mr. and Mrs. Burton soon thereafter left
for the Eist, and, oddly enough, returned
here in 1883 and kept up a stylish estab
lishment. Suddenly, however, that was
broken up, and Burton, assuming the
name of William Felt Hermans, accepted
the above referred to comparatively
menial position.
Burton did not overestimate the honor
able qualities of Trixie, for in his period
of adversity she stuck to him as if he were
a millionaire. The transmitter of the
news of Burton's criminal act knew him
here when he played the part of the
prince. He says that the Burtons lived
near Mazatlan about seven months under
the name of Hermans. They seemed to
be pretty well supplied wilh money, and
bad a very pretty cottage a lew miles out
side of the city limits. About two months
ago the couple disappeared, and three
weeks since, when the cottage was forced
open, the dead body of Mrs. Burton-
Hermans was found therein. A subse
quent analysis of the almost decomposed
stomach showed that death resulted from
strychnine. poisoning.
The writer says that the most conclu
sive evidence pointing to the husband's
guilt is his mysterious disappearance
under these circumstances. Mrs. Bur
ton's maiden name was Helen Mauldin,
and when a girl she lived near the South
ern Pacific shops.
IN MEMORY OF LINCOLN
Army Veterans Observe a Mar
tyr's Birthday With Song
and Speech.
An Oration by Dr. Dille and a
Memorial Ode Were Part of
a Fine Prrgramme.
The anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's
birth was celebrated last night in Union
square Hall, by Lincoln Post, Grand
Army of the Republic. ,
War veterans, old folk and youth filled
tbe auditorium beyond Its seating ca
pacity.
White bunting, star-decked, and here
and tbere held in place by the National
shield, was draped about the overhang
ing gallery and along the walls. The
stage, above and below, was decorated in
the National colors, and . conspicuously
placed at one side of the platform and
touched by the silicon folds of a great flag
was a portrait of the martyred President,
who, had he escaped assassination and
were he living, would be 83 years old.
Seated at the middle and front of .the
platform was Commander Mass of Lin
coln Post in mili'arv uniform and em
blazoned with medals, while ranged
behind in rows of seats were about thirty
pretty girls from the Normal School, who
sane several choruses during the evening.
Rev. Dr. Dille was the orator of the
occasion. Introduced with a humorous
reference to his unministerialarmy habits
he retaliated in kind upon Commander
Mass and then went into a spirited pictur
esque review of some of the characteristic
features of Lincoln's life. In part and in
substance be said: "
Great captains with, their guns and drums I
disturb our consciousness for au hour, but the
memory of Abraham Lincoln will' be as
cherished. irt-nhe dawn of the twenty-fifth
century as it is at the close of the nineteenth.
Abraham Lincoln inherited hi* courage, his
purity: and righteousness from his Puritan
ancestry, but from his mother, Nancy Hanks,
in whom was a strain of Irish' blood, he in
herited his stability of character, his persever
ance and ambition and his humor.
Having early floated a lalt of hogs and
bacon down the Mississippi to New Orleans at
$3 a month he there witnessed a slave auc- j
tion and was so wounded by the sight of an j
almost white girl being described aud offered |
to the highest bidder in a curious throng that j
he there and then' vowed' that when the op- j
portunity should rome he would strike a blow I
at slavery, and would strike it hard. J
It has sometimes been said of Abraham Lin
coin that he was not orthodox. His life was
orthodox. He said. "I'll keei> faith with friend
and foe." When Stanton flrst met Lincoln it
was out in the West in a law case in which
they had both been employed. As the awk
ward and curiously garbed Lincoln entered
the courtroom, without vest and with a long
linen duster, on the back of which was out
lined a great X from the sweat marks of his
suspenders, Stanton remarked that if that
gawk was to be in the case he was not.
This Nation showed that there is no people
so able 10 maintain a war as those who tax
th- involves; no soldiers bo great as those who
volunteer tnelr services for love of country.
The time is at hand when this Nation will
make a Lincoln's birthday a National holiday.
A special poem entitled "Lincoln."
composed for the occasion by Colonel W.
W. Stone, dedicated to Lincoln Post and
read by Miss Geornie Stone of Washing
ton, attracted considerable attention from
the patriotic audience.
The complete programme was as fol
lows:
Overture, "War Memories," by the San ;
Francisco Letter-carriers' Band, under the I
leadership of Professor Hermann Schafer: |
presentation of flag, with "Star-spangled Ban- |
ner,"/«bng by Miss Margaret Hewitt, Miss !
Madeline Leahy, Miss Grace Crichter, Miss j
Mice Chalmers, Miss Sarah Paredcs, Miss May ;
Dwyer, Miss Elizabeth Vincent and Miss Ger
trude Sherbourne, and accompanied by the j
Knickerbocker MaleQuartot; remarks by Com- '
mander Mass of Lincoln Post; "Tenting To- !
night," sung by the Knickerbocker Male
Quartet, and followed by two other songs in
response to encores; "Lincoln's Gettysburg
Address," recited by L. Alver French;
"Battle Hymn of the Republic," sung by the
young women of the San Franc. sco Normal
School, with Miss E. Scott as leader; oration,
"Abraham Lincoln," Comrade Rev. E. R. Dille;
"Marching Through Georgia," sung by .Miss j
Margaret Hewitt, Miss May C. Dwyer, Miss j
Madeline Leahy, soloists, and a chorus of |
young women of the San Francisco i
Normal School; selections by the band; !
flute solo, by Professor Hermann Schafer; ]
humorous reading, by Professor E. K. Knowl- I
ton; "Artillerists' Oath," sung by the Knick
erbocker Male Quartet, and followed by two !
popular selections for encores; "Lincoln," a I
Eoem, written for the occasion, dedicated to
incoln Post and read by Miss Georgie Stone;
"Columbia,"' sung by the young women ot |
the Son Francisco Normal School; som*, by tbe
Knickerbocker Male Quartet; "America,"
sung by a quartet of young women of the
Normal School, the entire audience joining In
the chorus.
NEW TO-DAY.
"""Tea, ~~~ ;
COFFEE
| AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
Extra Big Presents
WITH I*ll ptijSRcHAsE vv,TH i iOO pirchase
EACH fl Ife TEAS, I™ TEAS '
llli COFFEES, 1 COFFEES,
| WW SPICES, A SPICES,
FREE Al, y of following FREE Any of : FoUowing
■ itLL Articles: lifLL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. i Majolica Cuspidor,
i Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
i Oyster Bowl, Decorated. . I Rose Bowl, Fancy.
i Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets. V
i Pitcher, Majolica. i Cake Stand, on Foot.
i Berry Dish. i Butter Dish, Large.
i Butter Dish. i Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
i Oat Meal Set. . i Candy or Nut Dish.
i Cake Plate, Fancy. . 6 Table Tumblers. /
i Cream Pitcher, Fancy. i Celery Stand.
i Bohemian Flower Holder. I Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
i China Preserve Dish. I Bohemian Fern Vase.
i Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
i Spoon Holder. 0 i Cake Plate, Fancy.
i Yellow Mixing Bowl. i Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. i Fancy Shaving Mug.
i Colored Vase. i Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated.
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
I 3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed.
i Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
i Preserve Bowl. i Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. i Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. i Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. 1 Sugar Bowl.
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
i Frying Pan. 1 Berry. Set.
1 Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. 1 Pudding Set, -2 Pieces.
1 Dairy Pan. , 1 Fancy. Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. 1 Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. ' 6 Table Knives.
i Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. J : g i Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COEEEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES- - -10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers . . ... . BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
100 STORES
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
\i MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND:
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street.
140 Sixth Street. 2008 Fillmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue. *
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway. y; ,
521 Montgomery Avenue. "104 Second Street. ALAMEDA: •
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street.
HEADQUARTERS— FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET*
. : THE NATIVE SONS.
Concert and Da ic»> Given in a Beauti
fully Decorated Hall. '.?->''*.''■'
The first anniversary concert and dance
given under the auspices of the Hail As
sociation of the Native Sons of the Golden
West was given last night in Native Sons'
Hall.
The social hall had been decorated with
Nile green, pink and gold, which, with
flowers and evergreen artistically inter
twined, showed a style of decoration most
tasteful and appropriate.
The concert portion of the entertain*
ment opened with a vocal solo by Arthur
Sugden. the boy soprano 01 St. John's
Episcopal Church; Mrs. John Madden,
sans "My Dreams,*' and the Knicker
bocker Quartet (D. M. Lawrence. C. M.
Elliot, D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen)sang
and were recalled three times..
Miss Nelye Guisti gave an oper
atic selection that de«orved the ap
plause it- rtceived. F. K. Tobin gave a
trombone selection. Professor Cipollini
and James Nounans gave a guitar and
mandolin duet.
The programme closed with selections
by Company F, Hawaiian sextet, who
gave several of the airs so familiar on the
island. Their vocalization and instru
mental accompaniment wa* given while
the stage was partially darkened. The
performance fairly captured tha audience.
Then followed the dance, which was
Kept up until a late hour. "
Keynolils Id Contrite.
James Reynolds, father of Thomas Rey
nolds, a young man convicted of burglary
in the second degree, appeared in Judge
Cook's court yesterday in a very contrite
frame of mind.
The elder Reynolds insulted and as
saulted members of the jury who declared
bis son guilty of the charge made against
him. When the old gentleman's offense
wad repeated he was arrested on a charge
of contempt of court. After serving in
jail for twenty-four hours he was callel
before Judge Cook and released on his
own recognizance pending an investiga
tion of his acts.
56
She « rnnri €M
~J^r Vjluu ***** * ** • w^
FRIDAY ..FEBRUABY 12,1397
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mat!.. . .'. 1.60
Viiuuv Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Pan Franciaco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery atreet, corner Clay; open tuttn
8:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
610 I arkln street open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
tntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 I'olK street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 84 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE FAKE MD THE FACT.
THE ZEPAKIE
The Examiner published for several days at th*
top of its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount In Inches of its
advtriising and that In consequence it could be
confronted with the Wowing fact.
THE PACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J896»
It is to be remembered tba*. during 1895 th's
Examiner published approximately 800 Inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, or walch The Calx
did not and would not publish one. •
Ihe monarch of the fat«rs has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dup.n ■ and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the character of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by lis
fraudulent pretenses.
he Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, tut we suggest that it inspect its own
l-ooks before it venture) uoon the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
cxr osure of this fake led the Examiner to drop It.
In this the Examiner was discreet, and if lt ls wise
lt will make no more such bold attempts to
deceive the nubiic.
Speak out for free Cuba.
Cheap as water should ba a fact as well
as a proverb.
It will be remembered that we predicted
Duckworth wouldn't duck worth a cent.
Secretary Morion will go out of office
red-hot, having just been newly roasted.
.
The Cretans seem determined to make
the crisis acute enough to cut something.
With the closing of the payroll episode
there should be an end to the scandals of
the session.
. '
It looks as if Dan Stuart bad the bulge
on Nevada and intended to play it for all
it is worth.
One of the best features of the commer
cial situation is the fact that the outlook
is better than the situation itself.
The water-rate investigation promises to
be long enough to reach a right conclu
sion, no matter how far off that is.
The time is growing short to ret a men
tion for a Cabinet place, and there are lots
of statesmen yet to be heard from.
The Bradley Martin ball blazed out like
a thousand rockets, and now the bills will
be coming down like a thousand sticks.
The breaking of the steel-rail pool won't
hurt anything, even if the steel rails
should run out and ramify all over the
country. >;.;
It is even betting whether Cleveland
will settle down in Princeton and wr.te
his memoirs, or take a fishing trip around
tbe world.
The great powers believe they can set
tle the Turkish problem by diplomacy,
but Greece prefers a warship and several
torpedo-boats.
All the great cities of the Union have
spoken strongly for the independence of
Cuba, and now San Francisco should show
her sympathy with the rest.
The defeat of the Southern Pacific forces
in Congress has encouraged Kentucky to
demand the payment of back taxes. The
monopoly is now getting it on ail sides.
\* . >
The Government ought to provide a way
for officially notifying a man who has
been elected President There might be
two William J. McKinleys in this country.
A Populist member of the South Da
kota Legislature charges his colleagues
with "playing, boss" in electing a Sen
ator, but from this distance they seem to
be playing donkey. .
*
The renewed demands of the Kaiser for
an increase of tbe army show that he will
never be satisfied until every German is a
soldier and the whole empire is an armed
camp.:": , » |
THE UTILITY OF A LIE.
In its report of the official investigation of water rates published yesterday morn
ing the Examiner saw fit to give space to the following paragraph respecting the edi
tor and publisher of The Call:
And all through the talking and the questioning, the halting of the witness and the chip
ping in of Attorney Kellogg, there sat on a back bench, his shiny hat in hand, his silvered cane
negligently lapping his boot, a carnation in his buttonhole, curled and groomed, a sight for
the people, Charles M. Shortridge, editor of The Call, which recently has espoused Spring
Valley's cause against the people. Men asked why he was there, alone, conspicuous. They
wondered whether he had not yet been paid. They speculated as to the amount he had re*
ceived. They laughed at the figure be was cutting, and mourned the loss of The Call from
the ranks of the people's champions. But he sat it out, wincing when Schussler winced, and
smiling when Schussler smiled. For he is now part of the company's "operating expenses."
The reporter who willingly penned this statement and the editor who permitted
it space in the Examiner each knew that the only grain of truth in it was the informa
tion that the editor of The Call attended the public and official meeting of the Board
of Supervisors for the consideration of water rates. As to the rest, whoever is respon
sible for its publication knew tben and knows now that it was and is a cowardly lie,
which the cur who penned and published it has neither the courage nor the manhood
to utter to the face of the editor of The Call.
The session of the Board of Supervisors held on last Wednesday to consider water
rates was an open meeting, which it was not only the privilege but the duty of citi
zens interested in the subject to attend. It was especially important and fitting that
the editors and publishers of newspapers should be present at that meeting in order
that the scope and plan of the investigation might be considered, and that it might
also be observed how honestly and intelligently the public servants were performing
their duty in the important matter before them. The great mass of the people can
not attend such meetings however much they may be interested in their result, and
they therefore have a right to expect from the daily press a full, fair and impartial re
port of the proceedings thereat. It was solely in order that the reading public should
be assured such a report that the editor of Tee Call went in person to the meeting of
the board.
A comparison of the report of that meeting as published in the Examiner with
that contained in The. Call will show clearly the advantage of the personal pres
ence there of tbe editor of this newspaper. The Examiner report was manifestly a
garbled, partisan, one-sided and unfair presentation of the subject. It was special
pleading of the grossest sort. It was evidently intended to excite prejudice rather
than to relate facts. On the other hand, The Call report was a full and fair and ab
solutely impartial reflex of what occurred at the meeting of the board, and such
shall be its every report of this important public proceeding.
We have culled from the Examiner its false and cowardly allusion to the editor of
The Call ior the purpose of illustrating the despicable methods of the herd of irre
sponsibles who are at present in control of the Examiner, and not with the inten
tion of bandying personalities with them. The editor of this newspaper has earnestly
endeavored in its management and publication to adopt the wisdom of Polonius*
advice to Laertes, "Beware of entrance to a quarrel; but being in, bear it that the
opposer may beware of thee." In deference to this counsel he has time and again
remained silent under the repeated assaults and foul and false aspersions
of the irresponsible character-assassins of the Examiner upon himself and his friends,
believing that the public would estimate at their exact want of worth emanations
from such a source. Whenever The Call has been reluctantly obliged to administer
the rod to the Examiner for its offenses against truth and decency the castigation
has been as vigorous as necessary and as brief as possible. In the present instance
we would not have deemed the malicious personal assault of this Ishmaelite in
journalism worthy of notice except to point a moral to the public mind.
The people of San Francisco need not expect that the water-rate investigation will
be fairly, honenly or truthfully reported in the Examiner when they find it uttering
such defenseless falsehoods as the above regarding an editor and a citizen who was
sufficiently public spirited to attend that investigation for the purpose of knowing
and publishing the truth. On the other hand the people may be fully assured that there
will appear in The Call an exact, complete and true report of every step in the pending
investigation regaiding water rates; that every (fficial who is honest, every witness
who is of good repute and every person making an earnest and intelligent effort to
bring forward the essential facts for a proper regulation of water rates shall receive
in the columns of The Call not only praise, but also protection from the assaults
of a newspaper which has long since ceased pretending to be either honest in its
estimate of character or truthful in its treatment of news.
ÜBMEES' INSTITUTES.
The address delivered by Professor Hil
gard at the Farmers' Institute in this
City on Wednesday evening was a con
vincing argument in favor of such meet
ings and a complete demonstration of
their value to all who are engaged in
rural industry, and incidentally to the
State at large.
The prof< Ssor pointed out that the rural
industries of California are in urgent need
of the instruction which can be given by
men of science and the advantages which
result from the maintenance of experi
mental farms under the supervision of
men of scientific attainments. In the
older States and in Europe, as he said,
agriculture has been practiced for a Jong
time, and as a result the farmers there
have found out fairly well by hard expe
rience what crops are best fitted for their
localities and what are the best means of
cultivating them. It is different in Cali
fornia. In this State we have new condi
tions. It is not yet known in many sec
tions, even io the most observant, what
rural industries are most profitable or how
best to conduct them, and therefore with
us scientific study and experiment are ne
cessities.
A further illustration, of the need of
farmers' institutes and agricultural ex
per.ment stations under control of the
university is shown in the fact that
the value of the work done by science for
our rural industry is not yet understood
by the people. The professor points out
that of all the farmers' sons at the Str.te
University, not a single one takes the
agricultural course, even as special stu
dents. The boys, as he says, have been
brought up to believe that farm work is
menial drudgery, and do not yet under
stand tbat agriculture requires the intel
lect as well as the muscle. There are few
industries where science can be more
profitably eniDloyed than in the tilling of
the soil and the growing of grains, trees
and vines, and California will not attain
her full prosperity until this fact is under
stood by her people.
By conducting farmers' institutes in
various sections of the State the univer
sity brings itself into close relation with
the farmers, and is enabled thereby to in
fuse among them something of the true
spirit of scientific agriculture. Through
these institutes it is made clear to the
people that many important benefits are
conferred upon rural industry by the sci
entific experiments made at the various
university stations. Farmers are saved
from the loss which would be entailed
upon them by making experiments them
selves, and the State is profited by the
demonstration under scientific supervision
that vast areas of land, hitherto consid
ered useless, can be utilized with rich
profits. ________________________________
The statement of Professor Hilgard
that not a single student at the univer
sity from the rural districts takes the ag
ricultural course even as a special study
shows how undervalued is the science of
agriculture in California, where our
farmers and orcbardists are the best edu
cated in the world. The very neglect of
the course emphasizes the need of it in
the State. If people do not understand
the valueof science in rural industry they
must be taught.
The report that the extra session of Con
gress will consider nothing but the tariff
raises the question what the Senate will
be doing while the House is' preparing the
bill and what the -'House will be doing
while the Senate is' wrangling over it. If
the tariff only can be discussed there will
be a great deal of slack time in both
houses.
The demand for good roads is heard in
all parts of the Union, and if there is any
virtue in demanding a thing we shall get
them.
.The Iron Ore Association has dwindled
down to a combination of Carnegie and
Rockefeller, but it is still hefty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
THE TEADE OUTLOOK.
While there is no pronounced activity
in trade, there are signs of improvement.
Wool, for instance, is feeling the benefi
cial effects of the anticipated protective
tariff, and, as has already been noted in
The Call's commercial columns, the in
dustry is looking up. The sales through
out the United States forthe past three
weeks have averaged 12,000,000 pounds per
week, and all over New England large
and small factories which have been idle
are starting up, giving employment to
many thousand men and women.
The hide market, which has been de
pressed for a long time, is showing a
firmer tone, and reports from Chicago tell
of an advancing market there. Grain bags
are rising in anticipation of abundant
crops. Beef and mutton have been in
active demand at higher prices for some
time, and now hogs are advancing.
Money is very plentiful, and solvent com
mercial borrowers lind no difficulty in ob
taining accommodation at normal rates
of interest, though the banks are disposed
to confine their loans to commercial ac
count. Failures are neither large nor nu
merous, and collections are up to the
average, and California is said to be on as
good financial footing as any other State,
and far better than many of them.
The only drawback is the slow decline
in wheat, which, however, excites no ad
verse comment, as it generally goes down
during the spring months. ' The most
pessimistic operator does not believe that
wheat will get below a point where it will
yield a good profit, and nobody expects it
to fall as low as it has been.
So, on the whole, the prospects for 1897
are very favorable.
STEEL BAIL POOL.
Public gratification in the rupture of the
steel rail pool which was announced at
Pittsburg on Wednesday will be increased
by the reports of the causes which led to
it. These make it evident that the col
lapse is due not to a loss of business, but
to an increased demand so active aud
promising that the various organizations
belonging tothe pool see their way to a
better business separately than in combi
nation.
. It is stated on what seems to be good au
thority that just after representatives of
the various mills in the pool had agreed
upon rates governing business in a partic
ular section of the country, some large
contracts came into the market and sev
eral of the concerns interested were offered
profitable business at lower rates than
those fixed by the pool. The temptation,
it seems, was too strong to be resisted and
the contracts were taken, with the result
that the pool went to pieces.
Rumor lias it that the prices fixed by the
pool were on a basis of $20 a ton for a cer
tain quality of rails, and thattbe concerns
which dropped out have fixed prices
on a basis of $17. This reduction means
a considerable advantage to the pur
chasers of steel rails, and even if prices
through competition should go no lower,
there will be a benefit to railroad builders
and to all districts of the country where
new railroads are needed.
The notable feature in the situation is
the fact that such large orders for steel
rails are in the market. This confirms
the frequent reports of a renewed activity
in railroad building and seems to give an
assurance that the depression in that in
dustry is about over. It is reported
that a single milling company in Illinois
has recently taken orders for the delivery
of 50,000 tons of steel rails during the
present year. It is also said tbat largo
orders have been placed by the Atchison,
Topeka and. Santa Fe road for use in im
proving the Atlantic and Pacific branch
ofthe system.
Renewed activity in tbe construction of
railroads Is almost tantamount to renewed
activity in all lines of industry. It is bard
to set limits to the trades which are more
or less directly affected by railroads.
When they begin anew the work of im
proving existing lines and constructing
eew ones they set into operation forces
which not only revive mills for rolling
rails but also those for the construction of
cars and locomotives. They give employ
ment to men along the line of road and
carry prosperity through wide regions of
country and to almost every business
along their routes. •
One feature of the sHuation should not
be overlooked. The organization of the
steel rail pool was forced upon the various
rail-manufacturing companies hy the pro
longed depression in the business. As
soon as industry revives the pool goes to
pieces. This is another evidence that
trusts are a result of hard times. A def
icit free-trade tariff compels American
manufacturers to organize trusts in order
to save themselves ' from ruin. A high
protective tariff means good business for
all, and under its operations the trusts
and pools go to pieces and free competi
tion is restored.
PERSONAL
L. A. Elliott of Visalia is in the City.
W. E. Jarte of Yountvil'.eis at the Russ.
John D. Gray of Fresno is on a visit here.
6. M. Bradbury of Los Angeles is in the City.
Ernest W. Brooks of London is at tho Palace.
W. J. Jones of Valley Ford is on a visit to the
City.
H. C Owendon of Maui, Hawaii, is in the
City.
George H. Jackson of Woodland is at the
Lick.
H. G. Spalding has arrived here from New
York.
A. C. Emmons, an attorney of Portland, is ln
town.
Sherwood Gillespy of Seattle arrived here
yesterday.
A Murseilof Sydney, New South Wales, has
arrived here.
Mark Chamberlain, Assessor of Yolo County'
is in the City.
E. M. McGettigan, the contractor, of Vallejo,
is at the Russ.
, Senator Eugene J. de Sabla of Nevada City is
on a visit here.
Arthur W. Jones and Mrs. Jones of New York
are at the Palace.
Raleigh Barcar, the attorney and newspaper
owner.of Vacaville, is in town.
W.S. Kinney, the salmon packer and busi
ness man, of Astoria, is registered here.
R. 11. Collier was one of the arrivals by the
Alameda yesterday. He is at the Palace.
Dr. Walter R. Gillette and John C. Elliott of
New York are among the late arrivals at the
Palace. '.'Cy, '•*.
Henry M. Kingman, a prominent shoe manu
facturer of Brockton, Mass., is at the Occi
dental.
Mrs. George H. Paris, wife of Editor Paris cf
Honolulu, arrived on the Alameda yesterday
and is at the Occidental.
S. T. Porter, editor and proprietor of the Del
Norte Record at crescent City, ls making a
visit here and will probably stay for several
days. Ho is at the Grand.
D. N. Murphy, the well-known general mer
chant of the Needles, who has been there
many years and long filled the position of
Postmaster, as well as other official places, is
in the City on a business trip.
G. H. Umbsen, the real estate man, and Mrs.
P. Umbsen returned on the Alameda yesterday \
from Honolulu, where they have been spend
ing a vacation. They were welcomed by a host j
of friends as soon as the big steamer docked, j
Charles Nelson, formerly owner of the Ha
waaiin steamer Kahului, was a passenger by
the Alameda. According to him business is
very dull in the Hawaaiin Islands, and it wi 1
be many months before Honolulu will begin to
liven up.
E. Mansfield, the well-known mining man
from Wanganui, N. Z., and also editor of
the weekly publication Al, arrived on the
Alameda. He will make a tour of tbe United
States, and later on will go to Europe and then
back to Australia.
Louts Dean of Reno, the rich cattleman,
whose ranges throughout Nevada have made
him widely talked about, and who has been in
the cattle business for over twenty years, is at
tbe Ruts. He is down on a trip combining
business and pleasure.
Clarence McFetridge, who is largely Inter
ested lo Kern County lands, is in town, hav
ing come down yesterday from Yolo County.
Mr. McFetridge states that owing to the pre
vailing wet season the 1897 wheat crop of Yolo
County will be appreciably smaller than that
of 1896.
Robert C. Lund of St. George and E. D.
Wooley of Salt Lake, Commissioners from
Utah to go to Arizona and confer with a
like commission from that Territory regard
ing the line of the borders, are at the Palace.
Mr. Lund was once a member of tho Terri
torial Board of Equalization.
Elijah Smith of New York, president ofthe
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company, is
here on a business and pleasure trip. Mr.
Smith formerly lived in Portland, and man
aged the road and vessels of the company
from that point. He says there is nothing
particularly new to say about his company.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 11.— At the St.
Cloud, J. C. Collins; Hoffman, A. AdeUdorler;
Cosmopolitan. G. H. Bartleti. imperial, F. E.
Mayhew; Holland, E. A. Bruyn.
BEFORE ANL> AFIER
With a wardrobo thai la jaunty and a traveling
bag brand new.
He is smiling in the station as he granta an inter
view.
His manner's very knowing and bis every glance
implies
That tils ship has just been sighted; that bis star
is ou ihu r.se.
He Instruct* you inthe management of Govern
ment affairs,
And you feel that he is worthy of an oflice and Its
cares.
You wonder wha-. exalted post 'twill be his lot to
gain.
He Is on his way to Canton and he's waiting for
the train.
A few days later he appears. He looks a little
dazrd,
The traveling bag seems smaller than it was when
last you gaz?d.
When you strive for conversation he has little
more to say
Than, "Young man, beware of politics. It really
doesn't pay."
He's not at "all his Jovial self when stoutly he
• declares,
"My time must be devoted to my personal affairs."
Tbere is something in his manner that provokes a
inril of pain—
This mau who went to Canton and has just got
home again. ■•_;■ _ Washington otar.
MR. GAGE AND THE NEW YORK
BANKERS.
Washington Post. r; 4 yy
About all the disagreeable and unkind
things that could be said about a man have
been said by New York bankers in recently
published interviews concerning the selection
by President-elect McKinley of Lyman J. Gage
to be his Secretary of the Treasury. One of
the Illinois members of Congress; yesterday
offered a little story as a reasonable explana
tion of all this ill feeling. /
"The New York bankers were nicely tricked
by Mr. Gage, during the panic of 1873, and
because he found and made use of a way to
beat them at their game they have neither for
gotten nor forgiven it," said the Illinois man.
"It was at the very begin of the money
stringency," he continued, "and Chicago
banks had something lit $25,000,000 in gold
on deposit with the New York banks, whica
they were making use of in the ordinary
course of busl: ess. When the panic became
extensive the Chicago men wanted to get their
money again into their own hands and drew
on the New York banks for it. The latter were
quite naturally very much | adverse to parting
with, so much good, hard coin, and paid the
drafts in New York Clearing-house certificates,
which were worth in Chicago something less
than Confederate currency.
' 'There was consternation among . the Chi
cago backers when the saw that the New
.Yorkers proposed to keep their gold. But Mr.
Gage solved the ridd and got the coin in a
roundabout, way, to be sure, but nevertheless
he got it. The Chicago banks, acting up in Mr.
Gage's advice, proceeded to buy $25,000,000
in gold in London," and paid for the same in
New York droits. These had to be met or go
to the wall and clearing-house certificates
didn't go in Loudon. The drafts were paid,
but with poor grace, and when it was learned
that Mr. Gage was the originator of the scheme
he was chalked down in their memory." -
ILLUMINATE YOUR OWN HOME.
For difficulties to be overcome and dangers to be faced the life of the wrecker is more pre
carious than that of any other follower of the sea, be he fisherman or marine, and infinitely
more tedious. 'A
Now these conditions are about to be completely changed and the dangers to be braved
lessened till they shall almost disappear; the
success of the enterprise positively assured,
and the tediousness entirely obviated.
The work will now be performed as expedi
tiously as the launching of a racing yacht
Howls it going to be done?
If you peruse The Call next Sunday you
will ftnd out all about the new idea for raising
wrecks from the floor of the vasty deep.
Do you own a windmill?
Have you a penchant for mechanics?
Do you possess the ability to invent?
If you rejoice in any of these blessings it
will be of transcendental advantage to you to
read The Sunday Call.
You can save a heap of money by the aid of
the windmill.
You will learn In The Call just how a man
of moderate means (a lawyer of an inventive
turn of mind), with the wind as a fundamental
factor, operates a private light plant, forces
water all over his estate, runs farm machinery,
cuts wood, turns lathes and fills storage bat
teries for use in horseless carriages.
Society's latest delightful fad will he duly
expatiated upon. It is a most unique affair,
and San Francisco's smart set will soon be en
joying iti delights.
The little ones will have a literary feast
after their own sweet hearts. It will be appropriate to the day which is celebrated in honor
of St Valentine.
The literary pages will be full of desirable information on the books of the week.
The newest fashions will be discussed byMarcella; the editorials will be timely and able,
and the local and telegraphic news will be as bright, accurate and complete as ever in next
Sunday's Call ./ ;
In short, The Sunday Call will be, as ever, the brightest, the most instructive newspaper
on the Pacific Coast t;. "
THE NAMES OF THE NEW MEN-OF-WAR.
The new gunboats named by the Secretary of the Navy are No. 10, building at Elizabeth
port, N. J., Nos. 11 and 12 at tne Bath Iron Works, No. 13 at Dialogue's. Camden, and Nos.
14 and 15 at the Union Iron Works. They now hear the names of Annapolis, Marietta, New
port, Princeton, Vicksburg and Wheeling in their numerical order.
The Marietta, Princeton and Vicksburg were once more or less familiar names of vessels in
the navy; the Marietta of the civil war being an ironclad, single turreted monitor of 479
* -' tons, built April, 1866, at a cost of $235,040
and soid seven years later for $16,000. The
old Princeton was built at Philadel
phia in 1343 and was the first pro
peller built for the United States navy, and
also the first naval vessel in which John
Ericsson Introduced his invention of screw
propulsion. The vessel proved a decided suc
cess, marred only by the catastrophe on Feb
ruary 28, 1844, when at a gun trial in the
presence of many prominent officials the gun
burst and killed Secretary of State Up
shur, Secretary of the Navy Gilmer, Captain
Beverley Kenison and three others, besides
wounding several of the crew. In 1849 the
hull being badly decayed the ship was broken
up and another Princeton, somewhat larger,
was built in Boston in 1851. She did not
prove so successtul as the first owing to faulty
boilers, and she was eventually transformed
into a sailing vessel, and alter an uneventful
career as a storeship was finally sold in 1866.
mere was a vicKsourg pnrcnasea in iffoj at a cost of $125,000 and sold September 12,
1865, tor $50,400, being used during the war as a transport.
The names given to the new batile-ships. Nos. 7. 8 and 9, being built in the order given, at
Cramps', Union Iron works and Newport News are Alabama, Illinois and Wisconsin. There
was a line-of-battle ship of seventy-four guns in the old navy called the Alabama, built at
Kittery, N. H., the keel of which was laid in
1820, and launched January 23, 1864, when
her name was changed to New Hampshire.
During the war, and until within about a
dozen years ago, the New Hampshire served as
a storeship, later as a training-ship for boys
and has lately been loaned to the Naval Mlii tir.
of New York, the vessel being classified in the
navy register as "unserviceable." A side
wheel steamer of 1264 tons bearing the name
of A'nbania was purchased in 1861 for
$93,338 and sold in 1865 for $23,000. while
another smaller namesake, also purchased,
had her name changed to Fox and was sold in
1865.
The Confederate States, ft may be remem
bered, bad a cruiser by the name of Alabama,
built at the yard of Laird Bros., Birkenhead,
opposite Liverpool. During the war this craft
destroyed ships and property amounting to
mil. ions, which was subsequently partially
repaid by Great Britain.
In 18153 a screw sloop-of-war of 2490 tons, which was to be known as the Illinois, was
bepun and partially completed at Kitiery navy-yard. She was never launched however, and
was broken up on the stocks in 1872, and her engines and boilers, constructed' at an expense
of $414,633, went to the scrap pile. '
No vessel built for navy purposes or purchased for use of the navy has bad the name of
V\ Isconsln. ana the two new ships to be known henceforth as Illinois and Wisconsin can make
a record for themselves unaided or unhampered by the doings of prior namesakes. As to the
Alabama it is a rather remarkable coincidence to note that her shipyard number at Cramp's j
will be the same as her Confederate namesake bore in Laird's yard at Birkenhead.
The flrst Alabama on the stocks. When she was
launched her name teas changed to New
Hampshire.
Letters From the People.
THE BAKER MONUMENT.
A Plea for a Memorial to the liistin
ffulshed Patriot and State. man.
To the Editor of The Call: If the bill now be
fore the Legislature for an appropriation of
(15,000 for the erection of a monument in
Golden Gate Park to the memory of that gal
lant patriot, soldier and citizen. Colonel E. D.
Baker, who lost his life at the battle of Balls
Bluff In the late Civil War, becomes a law,
which is hoped for by all patriotic citizens, it
will add another attractive feature to that
beautiful breathing spot, in which everybody
takes pride.
To Colonel E. D. Baker California owes more
than to any other cause for having been kept
in this Union during the late unpleasantness.
It is hoped that the patriotic sentiment of the
people will be 'sufficiently aroused to cause
the Legislature to pass this appropriate meas
ure hereby the honor due tbe one it is to be
bestowed upon may be rightfully and properly
carried out.
The movement in this matter was begun in
1891 by Colonel E. D. Baker Camp of Sons of
Veterans of Oakland by the adoption of reso
lutions favoring the same, which were in turn
indorsed by the following State Encampment
of the Grand Army of tho Republic held at
Santa Cruz. Fr-m the start here given it the
Colonel E.D. Baker Monument Association
was formed in this City, in which many of the
prominent citizens were enlisted in the cause.
W. W. Montague was elected as the president
of the association and committees were ap
pointed to collect subscriptions thereto and"
were succeeding fairly well until the hard
times of the pest two years set in, which
caused a temporary suspension inthe matter.
The amount collected is safely deposited to
the credit of the association and will be added
to the sum that is a-ked for of the Legisia. ure
should it successfully pass that body. With
the introduction of the bill interest has been
revived 'in the matter and assistance is com
ing to aid. Resolutions in ,avor of the meas
ure have recently been adopted by the follow
ing organizations and lorwaideo to Sacra
mento: Colonel E. D. Baker Camp of Sons of
Veterans, the Army and Navy Republican
League of Oakland, and by several posts of the
G. A. R., as well as the recent Republican city
convention of Oakland. The matter is also
before the Loyal Legion for action.
J. L. Perkau,
2C3 Ninth street, Oakland.
A PATHETIC SCENE.
Elderly M en in Large X umber tetking
Employment.
To the Editor of the Call: A little "ad" in The
Call of yesterday produced one of those scenes
in the life of the observant man that is the re
verse of the pleasant. "An elderly man" was
wanted. At the hour designated twenty-eight
men from "elderly" to olderly were at the num
ber indicated. Some were reasonably well-dress
ed, others not so fortunate ; some seemed refin
ed and of approved manners and habits; others
appeared as a "harvest of error" unduly
ripened. The heads of all showed the match
of time. Even the Grand Army badge was
present. All but one to be denied an engage
ment, too. Attend a garden, feed horses and
milk cows at "$6 per month and board."
Truly, "tho saddest sight is to see an old man
hunting work." E. Thayer Ingle,
'-■*- "' -. 402 Mason street. 1
RUSSIA'S*. GREAT RAILWAY.
Philadelphia North American.
The 'announcement comes from St Peters
burg that the directors of the great Chinese
Railroad have been, announced, and that
orders have been given for the construction
of this gigantic undertaking to be begun at
once. The directors of the road are men who
occupy the highest positions in ' Russian offi
cial and commercial life, and a Chinese mau
darin, as yet unnamed, will act as chairman
on the board. Under their direction work on
the road may be expected to be pushed for-
I ward with all possible haste. Indeed their
j appointment alone practically marks the suc
cessful consummation of this great scheme of
Russia for a trans-Asiatic road, with St. Peters
ihlVl «' s^ arting P° ,nt and Port Arthur, on
the Pacific Coast, as the terminus. It is an
-hrfintt 1 ? °} In «*timable importance to the
whole civilized world, and its progress toward
completion will be closely watched and anx
tnfglobe 7 business men in all parts of
1
The battle-ship Alabama, now being built by
the Cramps.
ANS. ERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Los Angeles School— A. C, City. There is,
in the city of Los Angeles, an evening school
in which pupils ol all grades up to the high
school are admitted.
College of Pharmacy— A. a. 8.. City. A
knowledge of chemistry is not one of the pre
requisites for admission to the Col.ege of
Pharmacy of the University of Callforna.
That is one of the branches taught.
Concealed Weapons— R. B. W., Watsonville,
Santa Cruz County, Cal. There is no State law
prohibiting the carrying of weapons concealed,
except the one which prohibits the carrying of
weapons with intent to assault another.
Ladies' Privilege in Leap Year— X. L.,
City. According to the London Illustrated
Almanac for 1865 the leap year privilege took
its origin in the following manner:
By an ancient act of the Scottish Parliament
passed about the year 1228, It was "ordanlt that
during the reign of her malst blessit malestie
Margaret, ilka maiden, adee of baitb high and low
estait, shall hae libertle to speak ye roan she
likes. Gif be refuses to i ak hir to bee his wyf, he
schal be mulct in the sum of ane hundridtv
pundis.or less, as his estait may bee, except ana
aiwais. Gif he can make it appeare that he is
irothic to anither woman, then he schal bea
free."
The Cruiser San Francisco— W. a.. City
The cruiser San Francisco is a second-class
protected vessel. Authority to build her was
given March 3, 1887; work was commenced
en her at the Union Iron Wonts October 26 of
the same year and she was placed in commis
sion November 15. 1890. The cost of the ves
sel was $1,009,745 71: armament, $183,
--471 70; output under steam engineering, con
struction and equipment. $120 233 81- ore
mums paid, $100,000; total, $2,013 451 2°
Since her construction about $35,000 has been
expended fur repairs. She is built of steel
has twin screws, is bare rigged, her indicated
horsepower is 10,400. speed 19 knots and her
coal cat achy In bunkers is 850 tons. Her dis
placement is 4033 tons, length 310 feet ex
treme breadth 49.1^, mean draft 18 10
Divobce-S. P., Santa Rosa, Sonoma County v
Cnl. If a man had been a resident of the State
of lowa for a long time and then moves to the
State of Oregon with Intent to commence an
action to obtain a divorce from his wife he
cannot commence such action until he has
been a resident of Oregon one year. The time
of residence varies in different States Previ
ous residence required in North Dakota »mi
Oklahoma is ninety days; Arizona, Idaho l?e
--hreska, Nevada, New Mexico. South Dakota,
Texas and Wyoming, six months- Alah»™»
Arkansas Calilornia, Colorado, Illinois lowa '
Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, M S
s ppi, Minnesota. Missouri. Montana New
Hampshire New Yo-k. Ohio. Oregon 'Penn
sylvania. Rhode Island. Utah Vermont Vir
ginia. West Virginia, Washington and \V $
consln, one year; Florida, Indiana Maryland
North Carolina and ; Tennessee two years =
Connecticut, New Jersey and Massachusetts
(if when married both parties were residents*
otherwise years), three y««»™ Delaware
Georgia and Louisiana, no statutory provision.
Iron— J. N ., city. Iron may be carburized
or decarburized by cementation, which is a
metallurgical process in which two substances
are heated in contact for the purpose of effect
ing some Important chemical change in one
of them. iron imbedded in charcoal powder
and exposed to a temperature over redness is
gradually converted, Into steel, and in' this
way steel was formerly made in large quanti
ties. This is carburization by cementation.
Again if cast iron be imbedded in the powder
of hematite and kept for some tme at a red
heat it is decarburized. This method is used
for producing what is known as malleable
iron. Malleable iron is also converted into
steel by keeping it In molten pig iron. I This is
a very ancient process and is a kind of
cementation. Iron is put on the market in
three forms which differ essentially in their
properties— cast iron, which is haro, compara
tively brittle and readily lusible and cannot
be forged or welded; wrought iron, which is
comparatively soft, malleable," ductile, welda
ble and fusible at a very high temperature
steel, which , is also malleable and weldable'
but fusible and, what is of great importance'
capable of acquiring, by being tempered a
very high degr. c of hardness, so that it cuts
wrought iron with ease. The product ol the
blast furnace, of which wrought lr. n ann steel
are made, is called pig iron, but its qualities are
not sensibly changed by simple remeltliig and
casting. Steel, formerly produced exclusively i
from wrought iron by cementation, is now
largely made by the Bessemer pro-ess. This
process has in a measure obliteraiel the dis
tinction between wrought iron and seel. The
most striking feature of thechemica. c mp,
sitlon of the different grades of iron md seel
is the difference in the amount of carion they
contain. Pig Iron contains the m»st and
wrought iron" theieast. ' -; yy \ y J ,r ; j
MUCH IN A NAME FOR OSHHOSH.
- The citizens of Oshkosh, Wis., have decided
to erect' a monument to Chief Oshkoih in
Norths ide Park. Oshkosh was the last of tha
Menominee sachems «nd played a prominent
part in the pioneer history of the Northwest.
The settlement at the mouth of the Upper
Fox River, planted in 1836, had beenci.U-i
Saukeer Point and Stanleys Tavern, but In
1840 the settlers named it Oshkosh in honor
of the chief. "The result proved," says the
Milwaukee Sentinel, "that Shakespeare was
laboring under a misapprehension when lie
propounded his famous interrogatory, 'What's
in a name?' There has been a great deal i a
one for Oshkosh, which is known all over the
English-speaking world on accouut of its
name. With some, especially ignorant for
eigners, its reality is doubted, and it is there
fore placed in the category along with Utopia
and Brobdignag. Among intelligent people,
however, it stands for a real, thrifty and en.
terprisiug city." ■ .y" .
P/.RAGRriPnS ABcUT PEOPLE
It Is said that Victoria has sixty pianos at
Osborne, Windsor and Buckingham.
William C. Hill is a colored sculptor of
Washington, who, in good weather, works at
street- paving.
In the British Isles during the present cen.
tury seven instances have been recorded ia
which the bride has married the best man by
mistake.
In Florida the Judges of the Supreme Court
draw straws for the position of Chief Justice,
the constitution of the Stale providing that
the official shall be chosen by lot.
The estate of the late Abigail Dodge, better
known as Gail Hamilton, has been inventoried
as valued at $31,029, of which amount $3250
is in real estate in Beverly and Hamilton,
Mass.
When a man has a very active mind he is
obliged to do something with it, and Mr.
Gladstone is now hard at work on his "Olym- £
pian Religions" as If the destiny of empires
depended on it.
The sailors of the battle-ship Massachusetts
had a danco last Friday night in Now York.
There was a company of 600 sailors and their
"best girls." Captains Rodgers of the Massa
chusetts, Glass of the Texas, Casey of the Ver
mont and Higginson of the navy-yard were
there in full-dress uniforms, and Captain and
Mrs. Rodgers led the march.
Alexander Freeman, who died at Sailors'
Snug Harbor, Staten Island, on Friday, was
109 years old, having been born on December
22, 1787, in New York. He was a seaman up
to nearly his seventieth year, in 1857, when
he entered the harbor, and remained there, in
good health, up to a week ago. Freeman both
chewed and smoked tobacco.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Oh, mamma," cried the little chimpanzee,
scrambling through the jungle in great excite
ment, "come quick! lam sure Professor Gar
ner has come back; there are some men out
there in the clearing playing with sticks, and
they are talking monkey talk!"
"No, my son," replied the mother fondly,
"I saw them yesterday. They are only soma
prospectors playing golf."— York Press.
"Who is that bloodthirsty-looking gentle
man standing by the theater 7" asked the
guest,
"Colonel Gore, from Kentucky," the clerk
answered. "But you shouldn't judge a man
by his looks. It is not blood the colonel has a
thirst for. Oh, no."— lndianapolis Journal.
Young Writer (to editor of Monthly Re
view)—lf you think my article so good, why
don't you let me put my name to it?
Editor— Because nobody would read it if I
did.
Young Writer— But you had an article by
; the Duke of Ditciiwater in your last number
and you put bis name to it. y :./-:,
' Editor— Exactly; but nobody would have
read it ii I hadn't Pick-Me-Up.
"Git," said the duck viciously, as the pea
cock strutted by, "git on to his royal eyeness,
will you?" lndianapolis Journal.
"What do you mean, sir," roared the irate
father, "by bringing your trunk to my house
and ordering a room?"
"I'm adopted as one of the family," coolly
answered the young man. "Your daughter
said she would be a sister to me."— Detroit
Free Press.
New roomer (sarcastically)— this all the
soap there is in the room?
Landlady (decidedly)— Yes, sir; all I can
allow for one room.
New roomer— Well, I'll take two more rooms.
I must wash mv face in the morning.—
Household Words. : -
Strong hoarh ound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
me.
Potato, mushroom cakes. Guillet's.9os Larkin
— * —
Special Information daily to manufacturer^
business houses and public men by the Praji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery."
— » — * — »
There Is often heard
A funny thing:
•'She sings like a bird"—
When she-birds don't sing.
~ : " "'■'"'.'"-■ —Chicago Record.2
"Mrg. Win glow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been nsed over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whlie Teething
feet success. It soothes the child, softens ihe puns.
allays Pain, cnres Wind Colic, regulates l be Bowels
and is the beat remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from teething or other causes. *or sale by drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and ast
to* Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
; * — ♦ —
Cohoxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
end mild, being entirely free from the mists com
men further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel Jai
Coronado, Ub ■ longer stay $2 50 per day. Apptf
4 New iloutgomgry st.. San Francisca
— ♦ — • ■
Yon will prize Hindf.rcorns for the comfort It
gives. It removes the corns perfectly.
Parker's Hair Balsa ji aids the hair growth. — «
— • — ♦— » — ■
Every house where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer's Cherry PectoraL
ln croup it gives immediate relief.
. ♦ — • ■ — ■
Burnett's Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery. 25c.
; • — « — —
"No, Mr. Coolhand," she said, kindly, "I «m
sure I could never learn to love you." ,
"Oh. perhaps you could," rejoined Cool
hand, cheerily. "Never too old to learn, yen
know."— Tit-Bits.
■ >; stew I to-dat:
Keep up hope. . There are
thousands of cases where re-
covery "from Consumption
has been complete. Plenty
of fresh air and a well-nour-
ished body will check the
progress ofthe disease. Nu-
tritious foods are well in their
way, but the best food of all
is Cod-liver Oil. When
partly digested, as in Scott's
Emulsion, it does' not dis- ,
turb the stomach, and tho i
body secures the whole bene- '
fit of the amount taken, if
you want to read more about
it let us send you a book,
SCOTT & BOWNE, New YonaFRIDAY FEBRUARY l'J, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater -"Spartacm."
California 1 heater.— Mile. Antoinette Tre.
belli, Saturday af,ernoou.
Columbia Theater— "Chimmie Fadden.-
Moßoaco s Opera-Hocse. - a Mile a Minute."
Alcazar Theater l be Professor. "
ii\.»!.i Opera House -Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp
Orphei-m.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Sumo Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
tj Th c " " TK 8 and Skatino ink— Dally at
Uaighi street, one block east of the Park.
Uaklaxd Track. -Racpg to-day.
AUCTION iALLS.
BY Chas. Levy «fc Co.— This day, February 12.
Furniture at salesroom, 1155 Market street, at 10
clock.
J Indiana Avction Co.-This day. February
\£. Furniture, at 1057 Market si., at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Alexander McAdie forecasts showers, with
high southwesterly winds, to-day.
W. F. AVhittler has sued W. P. Fuller & Co.
for $1352 08, alleged to be due for rent.
Two special Treasury agents have arrived
here to look into Custom-house matters.
At the Lick lecture last night Lieutenant C.
M. Perkins spoke of the wonders of Oriental
cities.
Mayor Phelan talked to clerks and salesmen
at the Young Me..'s Christian Association last
evening.
G. H. Pettis, a printer, escaped several bul
lets tired at him yesterday morning by J. L.
Thurston.
Members of the Merchants' Association have
raised a complaint against the Street Commit
tee of the Supervisors.
In Judge Hunt's court yesterday a jury gave
a verdict in favor of the Misses Vigauezo
agaiust Benedetto Massoni.
Tae annual meeting of Manzanita Grove,
United American Order Druids, and election
of oflicers was held last night
Masoero, Torpedo, Meadow L*rk, The Bach
elor. Babe Murphy and Quicksilver captured
races at Oakland track yesterday.
Judge Carroll Cook has sustained tbe judg
ment of Judge Conlan in declaring Catherine
Sweet guilty of disturbing the peace.
Many prominent citizens have agreed to act
on Mayor f'helan's committee to piepare ways
and means to aid the Cuban revolutionists.
Charles Clauson has been convicted of re
ceiving stolen property, and will be sentenced
by Judge Wallace on the 19th of this month.
The See Yups claim that Kg Ah Poy, a
Chinaman who departed on the lust China
bound steamer, is the murderer of Little Pete.
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
Blanche Evans sgalnst Harry E. Evans, for
desertion; Martha Rogers against E. F. Rogers.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association are keeping a close
watch upon all bills now before the Legislature.
Nashville Grant, a sailor, was brought up
"from Australia on the Alameda to answer for
an assault on the master of the bark Top
gallant.
The Japanese Society of San Francisco cele
brated the coronation of Emperor Jimm and
the granting of the National constitution last
evening.
Thomas Magee as business man and Professor
Gayley as student lectured on Shakespeare
beiore a large audience at Golden Gate Hall
last evening.
Mrs. Annie Weaver, 717} 2 ' Bush street, ob
tained a search warrant yesterday for the
recovery of a bank book from her attorney
Warner Temple.
The preliminary examination of William
McLeod, charged with the murder of his wife
, on January iy, was commenced before Judge
Conlan yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills and Miss Delia
Mills gave a musicale last evening at their
home, 2800 Jackson street, in honor of Miss
Levert of New Orleans.
Chinese nighbinders are said to have
adopted a new or rather returned to the old
method of assassination by using the hatchet j
and the knife entirely.
Very Rev. Father Freiden, S. J., provincial of
the Jesuit order on this coast, has left ior the
southern part of the State, where he will visit
the various houses of the order.
In Judge Carroll Cook's court next Saturday
James Reynolds, who lives at the Potrero, will
. be cailed on to show cause why be should not
be punished for contempt oi court.
E. W. Taylor, 70 years of age, died at the City
and County Hospital last night from the re
sult of Injuries received on December 21 by
being knocked down by some boys.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Burns Monu
ment Committee was held in Scottish Hall
last night, when Coin M. Boyd was elected
chairman and Y. C. Lawson Secretary.
Herman Besterfair, charged with assault to
murder, pleaded guilty to assault with a deadly
•weapon in Judge Wallace's court yesterday
and will be sentenced on the lOih inst.
Attorney Maurice L. Asher, arrested on a
charge ol procuring false testimony in the
Livingston insolvency proceedings, has given
bail in $3000 to appear Defore the Grand Jury.
Miss Helen Bastheim, daughter of Joseph
Bastheim, and Will Lubin oi Los Angeles were
married last evening at the bride's residence
2126 California street. Only relatives attended".
Champion James J. Corbett arrived in this
City yesterday morning. He is in flrst-class
' physical condition, and expresses unbounded
confidence in his ability to defeat Fitz«im
•mons.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott gave a dance last even
ing at her residence, corner of Clay and La
guna streets, complimentary to Miss Helen
Hopkins, Miss Caro Crockett and Miss Cun
ningham.
Rolla V. Watt tells why stop-over privileges
on Christian Endeavor tickets are restricted
and says visits to Southern California cannot
be made on tickets over certain routes except
at additional expense.
The eighty-eighth anniversary of Lincoln's
birth was celebrated last night at Union
square Hall by army veterans and by special
musical and literary exercises, which were
enjoyed by an audience that crowded the hall.
At the last mass next Sunday Rev. Hugh
Gallagher, S. J., will preach the sermon, and
ln the evening Rev. Joseph Riordan, S. J.
president of Santa Clara College, will Kive the
discourse after vespers at St. Ignatius Church.
The eighty-eighth anniversary of the birth
of Abraham Lincoln was celebrated lam nieht
at Union-square Hall by Lincoln Post, G. A. R.,
with a programme of song and speeches, par
ticipated in by young folk and by veterans and
celebrities. , ;
Mrs. Harriet N. Conness discussed the profit
able uses of small pieces of land before the
Farmers' Institute last night, and Alfred Hoi
jnan moved to appoint a committee for the
. purpose of organizing a farmers' club. The
. meeting adopted the motion.
An alarm was sounded from box 91 at 7:30
o'clock last evening for a fire caused by the
explosion of a lamp in a dwelling occupied by
Peter Granan, 14 Dale place. Granan at
tempted to extinguish the blaze prior to the
arrival of the department and was severely
burned about the left arm. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital for treatment. The
damage to the bui ding was slight.
SEW TO-DAT.
Taby
HUMORS
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
"rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
TictjKA Soap, and a single application of
Ccticura (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
for itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and
pimply humors of tbc skin, scalp, and blood.
(uticura
IsioM throughout the world. Pottbb akb Cbbm-
x ai. Corporation, Sole Proprietor!, Boiton. ..
W " How to Cure Kstrj Biby Humor," mailed fret,
BABY BLEMISHES %IS.^
Cftnr Weak backs, painful kidneys,
VUliu aching muscles, uterine pains,
rheumatism relieved quick as an
I 1 1 M C electric flash by the celebrated
LU UUO Collins' Voltaic Electric Plasters
RETURN OF THE FISHING FLEET.
The Boats That Went Out Last Tuesday Came In With the Glory of the Seas Yesterday. The Herring Fleet Did Well, but the
. Cod Fishers and Crab Men Did Not Pay Expenses.
RETURN OF THE
FISHING FLEET
The Craft Came in With
the Ship Glory of the
Seas.
Not One of Them, Outside of the
Herring Boats, Made a Good
Catch.
Simpson's Tug Columbia Had a Very
Successful Trial With the Wit
tram Propeller.
Lovers of fish will be disappointed when
they reach the markets this morning. The
fleet of small boats that went out Wednes
day night did fairly well, but still the
catch they brougbt in is nothing to boast
of. Herrings there are in abundance, and
tomcods are plentiful. The outside boats
brought in a fair assortment of codfish and
the up-river boats did fairly well. The
crab boats did not make enough to pay
expenses, however, and in consequence
those who want crab salad next Sunday
will have to pay extra for it. ..„.,-*.■.,..*.
The return of the fleet made a pretty
picture on the bay yesterday. The Glory
of the Seas was coming in with almost all
sail set and the fishing fleet was also com
ing in with the tide, and all were heading
for Fishermen's wharf. It was a fair
wind ana many of thera passed the crack
coaster as though she were standing still.
Even if they made a poor catch the fisher
men still had the satisfaction of running
away from one of the smartest clippers in
td £ A ™ encan mercantile marine.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda arrived from Sydney, N. S. W. via
Auckland (New Zealand), Apia (Samoa)
and Honolulu (Hawaiian Islands), yester
day morning. As usual the vessel was on
time and will be ready to sail on time
next month. Heavy westerly weather
was experienced between here «nd Hono
lulu during the outward-bound trip but
no damage was done. The vessel was be
hind time about lour hours at Honolulu
but Captain Van Oterendorp easily made
up tbe lost time. "
There is not an engineer in America
who has greater faith in his vessel than
.Little of the Alameda, and whenever he
is called upon he knows just what his
engines can do. In consequence the Ala
meda not only made up the small loss be
tween here and Honolulu, but pot in yes
terday morning an hour ahead of railroad
time.
The steamers of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's line beat railroad time nearly
every month in the year, and in conse
quence the traveling public^ and their
friends are always on the wharf between
9an l 10 A. M. on each arrival day in full
expectation of meeting their friends. Not
once in six months aie they disappointed.
The cabin passengers by the Alameda
were :
From Sydney— S. Johnston, E. A. Sanford
J. A. Molineaux, E. J. P. Brook*, J. Lowell and
wife, William Bragg and wife. A. W. Jones and
Wife, James Maclear, H. F. Patterson, Harry
Mum; rove and Nashville Grant.
From land— Miss M. A. Millman, Master
Warburton, Ernest Mansfield auu C. C. Merri
man.
From Apia— Heurtson and A. Marshall.
From Honolulu— H. C. Ovenden, C. B. Gray,
Mrs. J. McLean, M. I. Holmes. J. M. Alexander,
J. E. Milier and wife, Mrs. T. llofl'mann and
child, B. P. Hoover, R. H. Collier, Mrs. G. H.
Paris and Infant, Mrs. J. M. Monroe and son,
and C. A. Grlscom.
Simpson's tug Columbia, wbicb baa been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 897.
overhauled and bad a new Wjttram wheel
putin her, had her trial trip yesterday.
Captain Swan was in command, and lie
ran the vessel from Folsom street wharf to
the Hunters Point drydock and back
again. The test was a most successful
one, and proved to tbe satisfaction of the
numerous captains aboard that the Co
lumbia is a two-knot faster vessel with a
Wittram propeller than she was with the
ordinary non-corrugated wheel. ;. :i'a
The company is now fitting propellers to
the tug Ida \V and the steam schooner
Albion. The Government authorities will
probably try it on the Quartermaster's
steamer McDowell, and should it prove a
success on her, it may be applied to the
warships. It is very hard work to get
stern-way on tbe Al«Dowell and. should
the new wheel overcome that dilbculiy, a
great point will be gained.
The old bark Dominion, that eot into
trouble in Australian waters, was sold be
fore the Alameda left for $5000 by* the Ad
miralty Court. She will probably be put
in the South Sea Island trade.
The four-masted steel schooner Hono
lulu, the only steel schooner of her kind
in the world, is loading sugar at Honolulu
for San Francisco. She was built on the
Clyde lor this business and this will be her
first voyage as a sugar boat.
Tbe old bark Kosciusko is again on ber
way to San Francisco. She is, strange to
say, taking coal from one coal port to an
other. She goes from Newcastle, N. S.W.,
to Westport, N. Z , and as coal at the
former port is cheaper tban ballast the
Kosciusko took a cargo of black diamonds.
At Westport she will discharge the Aus
tralian cargo and take in a cargo of the
New Zealand article and sail for San Fran
cisco. Should she Ket here it will be one
of the brat cargoes of New Zealand coal
that has ever come to San Francisco. Sev
eral vessels have made the attempt, but
nearly all have had to put into other ports
and discharge.
The steamer Point Arena, which arrived
from Point Arena yesterday, came in
minus one of her crew. Sigfried Quiot
was washed overboard and drowned,
Boats were lowered, but no trace of the
deckhand could be found.
LITTLE PETE MURDER.
See Y U ps Say the Keal Murderer Has
Made His Escape.
The preliminary examination of Chun
Cbewe7 and Chun Woon Sing, tbe two
Chinese highbinders arrested immedi
ately after the murder of "Little Pete, '
was begun yesterday in Judge Joachim
sen's court.
A Pullman palace car porter named A.
Briggs was the only witness heard, and
the case was continued until this after
noon. _\.-.-I-
Briggs claimed to have seen Chun Woon
Sing leave the barber-shop where the
murder was committed immediately after
the sound of the- pistol-shots, and fol
-1 lowed tbe fleeing man to the place where
be was arrested on Waverly place,
Colonel James Smith, for the defense,
attacked the character of Briggs on the
ground that be was only a tramp porter,
whose employment was ephemeral. on ac
count of incompetency and unreliability.
The only new feature in this Chinatown
murder case is tbe apparent attempt of
the See Yups to save the men under ar
rest from the weight oftbe charge.
Detective Gibson has been informed by
the See Yups that the real murderer is
one Ne Ah Po} , a Chinese who left here
on the last departing Chinese steamer.
Story of Chops and a Melee.
H. G. Fiageollet has brought suit to recover
the price of certain juicy steaks, succulent
chops and rib roasts from Terrance Masterson,
who a clerk at the corner of Fourth and
Townsend streets. Masterson has, at various
times, acted as a money-broker. The amount
sued for is smalL The trial in the Justice's
Court is expected to develop a story oi a melee,
in which oue of tbe parties litigant was thrown
down a flight of stairs after some hard words.
M. H*rtnett Missing.
M. Hartnet t, 70 years of age, has disappeared
from his home, 343 Jessie street, and the po
lice/have been asked to assist in finding him.
He is 5 leet 2 or 3 inches tall and has a gray
beard and mustache. .V}ja__ffl_sggj3
Trunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
PHELAN TALKED
TO THE CLERKS
Entertainment at the Young
Men's Christian Asso
ciation.
The Mayor Characterized Tech
nical Schools as Public
Necessities.
Other Literary Exercises and an
Athletic Exhibition in the
Gymnasium.
The Young Men's Christian Association
building was thronged with visitors last
evening to attend an entertainment and
general inspection of the organization's
handsome quarters. It was designated
"A Night With Clerks and Salesmen.'*
The literary exercises were tirst on the
programme. There was hardly standing
room in the big auditorium when Mayor
Phelan, wbo delivered the address of the
evening, rose to speak.
A full orchestra played a few numbers
and then J. A. Percy, who presided, in
troduced the Mayor in a few words, in
which he welcomed the audience and in
vited it to inspect the entire building be
fore leaving.
Mayor Phelan devoted his address to
the value of industrial training, and spoke
at length on the great benefits that had
accrued from technical schools in Euro
pean countries.
He characterized technical education as
the best protection for the industries and
commercial welfare of the country, and
said that it was the duty of every muni
cipality, every State and tbe country at
large to see that such institutions were es
tablished and properly maintained.
"America has no vast standing armies
to maintain in a state of idleness, he said,
"and the American citizen is not taxed to
support such expensive bodies as the peo
ple ol European countries are. Therefore
there should be no financial reason why
America should not have magnificent
training schools, where the rising genera
tions can be taught useful and producing
crafts.
"We have them here in a small way,
the training departments of the Univer
sity of California, the Lick School and
those that are to be established, the Lux
and Wilmerding schools, but they are not
sufficient. Let us hope that in the future
we may see many more, and that ere long
America will rank and more than rank
with France, Scotland, England and other
European countries in the number and
diversity of its training schools."
The rest of the programme was as fol
lows:
Bass solo, "Plasir d'Amour"(Martin), Proles
sor Luul Crepaux, member Paris Xirand Optra;
selection, Knickerbocker Quartet; reading,
'•Victor Oalbralth," C. B. Newton, humorist;
selection, Columbian orchestra; accompanist,
Miss J. Heffernan.
The programme of the entertainment in
the gymnasium was as follows:
Orchestral music, tumbling, horizontal bar
class work, under direction of H. L. Dietz
M. D., physical director. '
An inspection of the building closed the
evening's entertainment.
History of Asphalt.
A lecture Saturday night at the Mechanics'
Institute Library will be delivered by Bernard
Bieneufeld upon the "Origin and History of
Asphalt." "The lecture will be illustrated with
siereopiicon views and will be popular in
character and non-technical, treating of the
occurrence and mode of formation of this ma
terial in nature and of its uses in the arts, and
it will therefore be of general interest to the
public and of especial Interest to wheelmen
and to those who are concerned with improved
roads and highways. All those Interested in
the subject are invited to attend.
OWNERSHIP IN THE AIR.
Massonk's House Overhanging His
Neighbor's Land Must Move
or Tay Kent.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
confirmed the theory of the law that when
a person holds a title to a piece of land the
title extends from the middle of the earth
to the stars.
The suit of Adelaide and Amelia Vigan
ego against Benedetto Massoni was on
trial for the purpose of obtaining dam
ages on account of alleged trespass.
The complaint stated that Mr. Massoni
built a house adjoining the property of
the fair plaintiffs and allowed his struc
ture to project or jut over their land two
feet, but at no point tbe bouse touches
the ground owned by them.
Attorney J. A. Devoto contended that
the plaintiffs were not materially injured
because of the overhanging building and
were not entitled to any compensation or
relief. To this Attorney A. Ruef respond
ed that the property beneath the over
hanging building belongs to his clients,
and that if any one intruded, ho must pay
for the privilege or get out.
The jury took this view of the law as
presented by Mr. Ruef, and gave a verdict
accordingly. A writ of assistance will
now taken out, and Mr. Massoni will
have to buy the land, pay rent or chop off
that part of his building which overhangs
his neighbors' premises.
Iroquois Objections.
The Iroquois Club has sent the following
communication containing its objections to
any increase In the salary list:
City Editor Call— cab Sir: Some good reasons
why all bills should be defeated Intending to raise
salaries of pub lc officials In the City and County
of san Francisco.
* ' BUSINESS DEPRESSION.'
Wanes and salaries in all other occupations are
shrinking, why should public officials ask for an
Increase?
All members of the San Francisco Police De
partment receive liberal pensions on retirement
from active duty.
All firemen receive pensions if Injured in dis
charge of their duty.
We believe they should leave well enough alone
They hay.» a life tenure during good bt havior and
liberal salaries. , Max Foppkb.
James J. Fi.vx.v,
'■ , Thomas j Walsh,
Committee appointed to represent Iroquois club
of San Francisco to oppose the passage of any
Dills to Increase salaries in Ban Francisco.
The Marvels of Egypt.
The first lecture in the special series of il
lustrated lectures on Egypt and the Orient
will be given at Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium this evening by Rev. Has
kett Smith. His subject will ba "Myths and
Marvels of Ancient and Modern Egypt" He
will use about 100 dissolving views and will
describe in detail the ancient customs of the
country and the great Improvements of mod
ern times.
A Youthful Acrobat.
A jury in Judge Campbell's court yesterday
afternoon tried the case of Richard Frantz, ac
robat at the Orpheum, charged by the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children with
employing a minor in the person of Walter
Lamb. Atler listening to the evidence the jury
without retiring acquitted the defendant
KEXV TO-DAT.
HUM & k lisu;.
Successors to hirsch <fc KAHN,
333 Kearny street,
Optical § PhotoSiipplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
UNEQUALED FACILITIES FOR THE
PKOPEK FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast.
SPIDERS' WEBS
FOR THE PISTOL
Now Comes a Joint Reign
of the Knife and the
Hatchet.
Highbinders Declare the Former
Weapon to Be Much Too
Noisy.
"Big Jim's" Guard on the Alert to
See That His Charge Is Not
the First Victim.
An ominous quiet rests over the Chinese
quarter. By the uninitiated this is taken
as a sign of peace, but those in a position
to know are aware that such is not the
case.
The present calm is due entirely, so the
veterans assert, to the presence of so
many police, and when the extra detail
is removed there is going to be more
trouble. When it does break out the war
is going to be fierce for very many rea
sons.
In the first place, "Little Pete's" death
remains unavenged. The Sam Yups will
never rest satisfied until the score is
evened up by the death of some promi
nent member of the See Yups. .ir, ".;
Then, again, an enforced quiet never
fails to lie hard on the heathen sense of
justice, and he i* totally unable to com
prehend why it is tbat the police should
step in and stop the fun without giving
him a chance to get even. In his peculi
arly framed mind this is hardly fair.
That the reign of bloodshed is likely to
begin as soon as the police relax their
vigilance is amply proved, not only by
precedent but by the statements lately
made by some prominent Chinese mer
chants desirous of peace.
"The next person killed in Chinatown,"
said a well-known merchant located on
Sacramento street yesterday, "will not be
hit by a bullet."
On being asked for an explanation of
his words he replied: "I mean simply
that he will not be shot. He will be killed
with a knife or a hatchet.
"A few days ago the Ding On Tong man
aged to hold a meeting without the knowl
edge of the police and discussed the propo
sition of evening up matters for the death
of 'Little Pete.' It was decided tbat the
best man, as being the most prominent of
trie See Yups, is 'Big Jim.' lie has been
unofficially marked for some time, and a
large reward has been placed on his head.
"They also say that the maj onty were
in favor of returning to the use of the
knife and the hatchet as an instrument
for murder. The revolver is said to make
too much noise and make the danger of
detection too great to be risked any
longer."
SCENES IN THE ORIENT.
Lieutenant C. M. Perkins Lectures on
Siam and Interesting Places
In India.
The Lick lecture given at Pioneer Hall,
under the auspices of the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers, by Lieutenant C. M.
Perkins, U. S. M. C, was at once instruc
tive, interesting and amusing. The sub
ject, "Glimpses of i Siam, Borneo and the
East Indies," also included. China and
Japan. The lecture was illustrated by
stereopticon views.
Lieutenant Perkins, in describing his
three years' cruise on a man-of-war, com
menced in Japan and China. Many in
teresting anecdotes relating to his stay in
the lands of the almond-eyed pagans con
tributed greatly to the entertainment,
and not once during tbe whole lecture did
the general interest flag. The Chinese
method of judging, condemning and pun
ishing prisoners, though revolting, pos
sessed a certain amount of fascination.
Then coming to Siam, where the prin
cipal part of his time was spent, he spoke
at length of the King, his palaces and
brothers, for they occupy about all the
NEW TO-DAT.
There is no end of flavor
in Schilling's Best tea made
right.
There is not even begin-
ning of flavor* in average
tea, make it how you will.
At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco " 402
CURED
The number of bad __^-i*?s'^ »^
cases cured by tho /^'^^*^^\
noted specialist, Doc- /jffljlnfflf \
tor Cook, is truly won- (ji§}Js%i \
derfuL His patients Iffirwy _M_k_____. J _ssl
come from every occu- jirQii- -,4£§?s\*sN
pation and from all Wf)Pvi J^/^.V/
over the world. Among w»V'A f *(*£& 1
other ills he ?uaran- '1^.4-A' I .^SSSyfI
tees a perfect cure of "^ •JW/JiO^^p^fn'
Female Complaints, J. ftßJ®ji , * ,
Lost Manhood, Sexual aJs^ 'ty^l^&'iiljF
or Seminal Weakness, ><^^_. |^wSjj^Tv
Gonorrhoea, Stricture, ■flffi^fe^S&jJßlTOb
Syphilis, Varicocele, rftf
Hydrocele, Blood and »K»\uilr v v"
Skin Diseases and all (DOCTOR COOK)
functional diseases of the Liver, Stomach,
Kidneys, Bladder and other Internal organs.
Office hours 9 to 12 A. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
P. M.; Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
Write If you cannot call. Mail treatment al-
ways successful. Free book on Nervous and
Sexual Disorders to all men describing their
troubles. Address - i.ii'i;' ; Si.'c^ i .
DOCTOR COOKsa^-^g^
HEW TO-DAY AMUSEMENTS.' ":^
{RACING! RACINGI RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
lhursday, Friday and Saturday.
Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start ac 3:15: P. 31. Sharp — -
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 U- and
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :30, 2:00. 8:30 and 3 P. It. connect-
-1 ing with trains stopping at the entrance to tracic
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning- Trains leave the Track at 4:15 anl
4:45 p. m. and immediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS li. WILLIAMS JR, President.
j R. B. MILROY, Secretory.
THE CHUTES.
every afternoon and evening.
Hagihara Japanese acrobats, oud-
WAY. the ANIMATOSCOPE and a Host of At-
tractions at night. Admission, 10c; Children, Be.
SPECIAL SUNDAY I
AFTERNOON AND EVE ING,
JAMES J. CORBETT
In a Scientific Exhibition.
NEW TO-DAT.
:- ' ■ .
! "It will go '
i away after awhile." ;
i - ; !
[ That's what people say when (
: advised to take something to j
• cure that cough. j
Have you ever noticed that :
the cough that goes away after ■
. awhile takes the cougher along ?
! And he doesn't come back I
1 j
1 Ayer's i
i Cherry Pectoral ;
Cures Coughs, j
liimimimiinir nMm*ifti~i-~r
I
positions of note held in the palace. Pic-
tures of the young Crown Prince (who
died on the 3d of last month) were then
thrown on the canvas, showing him to
have been an unusually bright but deli-
cate-looking boy; indeed, it could easily
be imagined, as Mr. Perkins said, that
overcrowding the little fellow's brain (he
spoke French, English and Danish, be-
sides his native language) had something
to do with his early death.
One of the most curious of his stories
was that of the "City of Women," a place
in the city. of Bangkok, set off all to itself,
with 9000 inhabitants, and where no man,
but by the King's authority, goes for any-
thing; in fact, it is a sort of perfected
woman suffrage community, for public
positions are held by the fair sex.
■ THE ENDEAVOREES.
Reports and Promises Keoeived at Last
Night's Sleeting.
The '97 committee of the Christian En-
deavorers met last.evening in the Young
Men's Christian Association Hall.
The printing committee reported several
bids on the map of the central portion of
San Francisco, showing hotels, etc., which
is to be printed on the back of committee
letterheads, and the work of preparing the
maps wa3 ordered done.
Calvary Presbyterian Church has volun-
tarily increased its subscription to the '97
fund $75.
The San Rafael Congregational Church
has aone the same; amount not specified.
The juniors of San Mateo County are
raising vegetables to be sold for tbe benefit
of the '97 fund.
The First Congregational Church is to
have the next quarterly convention of the
Golden Gate Union in this City.
Up to date $2000 has been paid into the
Golden Gate Union '97 fund.
Of the fund for purchasing a steam
launch for the floating wors $375 has been
paid.
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
alHaymax dtco. (Incorporated) Proprtdta.-i
Every Ev'nj Including Sunday. Matinee Sat,
THK EMINENT ACTOR. MX.
LOUIS a-^-3VE33S
nnder the management of Wagenhals & Kemper.
ALL THIS WKKK
SPARTACUS
A Magnificent Scenic ' Revival ot Dr. Bird's
Famous Prize Play.
NEXT WEEK.
Monday. Tuesday and Friday Evgs., and Sat. Mat.
"MY LORD AND SOME LADIES."
Wednesday and Sunday OTHELLO
Thursday HAMLET
SEATS NOW READY.
IMPORTANT!
TO-MORBOW AFTERNOON AND SUN-
DAY NIGHT I
The Mnsical Event of the Season !
TREBELLI!
The Famous Prima Donna Soprano, at the
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Assisted by Well-known Talent.
SEATS NOW ON SALE. —
PRICES— SOc, $1, *1 50.
NextMonday-«'OUR LITTLE CINDERELLA."
SjXiJ — «>■ ■ >w I *-
TniCDLAJtOtR.<K)TTLOD » g- uses asd twtutti- ■ -
The Only Thing New Under the Sun!
A Really Great Creation I
CHARLES HOPPER w
Comnany and Scenery Perfect. First Matinee To-
morrow. Next Attraction— FAX NY RICE
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSS
btB9.EKXKBTis.-K Kbzt.w-). Proprietor & Manager
TO-7JZGST V;
OS" AT 8 _fig
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Op, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
GREAT CASTI
Beautiful Scenery Novel specialties'.
- The Latest Sensation.
"La Danse dcs Fleurs Electrlques!"
SEE—
THE SIX LITTLE TAILORS.
Popular Prices 25c and "50-i
-
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO... SoIa Lessee and Marnjs;
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Sensational Comedy- Drama,
"A MILE A MINUTE!"
In Which an Engine and Tender Dash Across
the Stage at Full Speed.
First Appearance of the PHCENIX QUARTET.
- SONGS! DANCES! SPECIALTIES'
Evening Prices— lOc. JJKo and Mo.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
. — .
First Time Here of
ARA, ZEBKA AND VORA.
Equilibrists and Pedepallsts, and JOUN and
BERTHA GLEASON, .Novelty Dancers.
Tremendous Success
g-uixiXix:.
WARD and CURRAN, BESSIE CLAYTON. THE
FRANTZ FAMILY and Novelties without end.
Reserved seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats. 50c.
Concerts Dy the Royal Hungarian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance ln the Orpheum Annex. .-- yy. .
ALCAZAR! Enthusiastic house
flfciWflfcflll I Last Night.
The Cleverest Play Seen in Years.
:.:•:.:•• THE PROFESSOR! ":.:•:.:
Great Refined Corned Well Played! .
J". b.foxje:
- And The Entire Company.
Prices— lsc, 35c, 350 and 50b.
' Phone for seats— BlacK 991.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. .1. to 6 P. M.
Swimming Season 1897. .
Bathing, Including Admission— Adults
25c, Children kJOc.
General Admission, 10c; Children, 50,
1 lanirtiliwn f Ti 1 1 in mm i
78
FORM REVERSAL
NOT APPRECIATED
Quicksilver Wins and His
Entry Is No Longer
Desired.
Three Out of Six Choices Downed
at the Track Over the
Bay.
Ltbengula Beaten Out a Nose by The
Bachelor—Babe Murphy Takes N
a Mils Cash Easily.
After a variegated and troublous tour
ever tbe Montana and California circuit
last summer and a number of enigmatical
trips around local elliptics, the fast
sprinter Quicksilver und his owner, F.
Calloway, were brought to grief yester
day. One of eight starters in the final
race at Oakland, a sic furlong sprint, he
was but lightly considered by the talent
on the strength of his poor showing in a
race on February 8. Twenty to 1 was laid
against the Friar Tuck horse yesterday,
and with Spencer in the saddle he downed
a good field, among the number of starters
being Bueno, Simmons and Major Cook.
At his former appearance in a five and a
half spin on the date previously men
tioned he was ridden by the crack jockey,
Sam Doggett, and exhibited about as
much speed as a tramp searching for work.
The horse had evidently undergone the
embalming process and Doggett was put
up to mislead the public. The grave
diggers took the coin on that occasion
and Mr. Calloway probably congratulated
himself that his Montana vacation had
not been without its profitable results.
Now Owner Calloway and his chestnut
hurricane are at liberty to race on any
course but the one at Oakland, for the re
versal of form was so horrifying and
starring that the judges notified the
horse-owner that in future the entry ot
his horse would be refused. This was a
very lenient sentence, for ruling off the
turl for life of horse and owner would
have been a much more just rebuke to
owners of this iik.
The balance of the sport was both shal
low and deep at limes. When the hot
choice Lobengula was nosed out by The
Bachelor, a 4 to 1 chance, which was
caught by quite a number of tbe fair sex
in the stand, the faces of many of the
crowd were seamed with great furrows
and beads of perspiration larger than
English walnuts fell from their loreheads
nnd dropped with a resounding wh;tck on
the asphaitum pavement. Two other
favorites were also laid to rest. It was
not a profitable day for the regulars,
though the trip across the bay and the
chase of the gulls for morsels of bread
were much enjoyed by all.
G. Pacheeo's gelding Maseoro now seems
to be considerable of a racehorse. Start
ing at odds of 15 to 1 in the bsttin-r on
the first event decided, a seven-luriong
run, he came strong at the end and won
galloping from lhe 12 to 5 favorite Guttu
Percha. Well played at lours Whitestone
was a poor third. >;,'%.: .". r-'.\.-
Torpedo, which now and then runs a
fair race, tock the six-furlong dash that
followed very easily from May R, starting
a slight favorite over Philip H. The
black colt Defender was a good third,
ridden by H. Wilson.
There was no pronounced favorite for
the third race, also a six-iurlong selling
affair, Meadow Lark, Marjorie, Ricardo
and Morven all going to the post with 4 to
1 about them in the ring. Heading Mor
ven to the stretch, Marjcrie led until
within a few yards of the wire, when she
was nabbed and beaten out a nose by
Meadow Lark, piloted by "Skeets" Mar
tin. Two Cheers, escaping from a pocket,
finished a close third.
With Rey del Bandidos scratched, the
mile and a quarter run looked a very good
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday. February 11. Forty-third day '
*" of the Winter Aleeting., 1896-97. Weather fine. Track good.
FIBST
in
: purse 4 300. _
Index. j
504
477 j
602
513
487
454
512
455
151
304
j Horse, age, weight. St. I
Mnsoero. 4 106 6
Gntta Fercha. a. .107 7
(White-tone. 6... 112 1
Billy Ayres. a....10J 4
Three Forks, 6... 109 3
Mr. .'.eel, 4 108 2
Examiner. 6 109 5
Little Bob, 6 109 8
Long Lady, 4..... 104 9
i.lttleScot, 5 112 10
A lite .ill, a 109 11
Cymbal, 5 109 1 12
Horse, age, weight.
_____!
6Vi •
5 Vs I
1 _
4V_ I
7V* I
2
_
3 '
9
10
11
18
1 V*
j ay.
l 2
*:v*
3Va
61
I 9Vz !
7 Va
p. a 1
6 Va
lo
11
W
ia
Jockey.
! Belting.
Op. CI.
I 26
1 1
54
3h
I 6 2
! BVi
i 74*
10 *
11
\W
12
24
lh
4 3
3 2
5 Vi
6 1/,
71
««*
10
11
12
1 3
2 10
33
5*
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
11. Martin
11. shields
E. Jones
G. Wilson
Sims
Plggott
H. Brown.
Hennessy ......
Thorpe
Golden
I Bozeman
1 J. McDonald
10 15
2 12-5
4 7-2
BO 100
5-2 9 2
10 IB
91 60
8 10
7 7
10 1 100
100 200
100 ' 50
mm
Good start.
Won easily. Winner. O. Pacheco's b g, by Peel-Ursula, Time 1 :29.
£0 1 SECOND three-quarters of a mile: three-year-olds; purm ,350.
495 Torpedo 117
520 May X 112
5.0 Defender. 117
494 Jezabel 112
494 Tular» 1141
450 Phillip H 114
463 Installatrix. lit! I
505 Cogent 117
Lena 117 1
375 Laura Burt 112
430 iMnjorFludd 122
405 Modestla 119]
Index.
Horse, weight. ■
St. 14
I 2
4
3
I 7 ::::::::
1 5
12
10
9
8
1
i 8
i 11
2h
' 41/3
1 Va
7Vi
5 Va
116
10 2
9 1
82
__*
12
1 h
4 3
-2 1
6 Vi
BVi
98
7h
10 8
118
6 h
3 1*
12
1 1 i
BVi
a 3
6 2
62
8 1
7h
95
10 2
11
4Vi
12
1 6
2 Vi
3 h
4 1
_ %
6 2
71
8V» '
9 i
10 I
11
12
Thorpe
Spencer........
H. Wilson
«lms
I'om
Jones
i Hennessy.
H. Martin
Shaw
I Plggott
J. shields
H. Shields
Jockey.
7-2
5
20
6
6
3
b
_
6
30
10
100
I li
3
9
30
10
10
4
6
13
20
30
80
IB
Good start.
Won easily. Winner, M. J. Kelly's eh. c. try Racine-Imp. Oulda. Time, 1:18%.
COO THIBD BACE— Three-quarters of a mile:
1; purse (400
420 Meadow Lerk, 5.1041 3 7% 6h 3Vi lh H.Martin 7-2
475 Marjorie, 4 97, 6 9Va Sh 2Va 2Va Slaughter 8
513 Two Cheers, 6.... 98 1 6 1." 82 6 £ 3% spencer 5
498 Blrardo, 0 lOS! 9 10 2 7% 7 4V. Tho".* *'" _
488 Morven.6 98 10 lh 1 & lh 61% Jon*,. _
518 Monitor. 4. 102 8 3% 3 2 6Vi 6V. U. Wtaon. ".'."{ 60
618 Heartsease.4 94 5 2Vi 2h 4Va 7 2 Kraw ...... -BO
617 Joan. 4 99 7 SV, 41 8™ 86 Thompson.. .... 8
.... l_eL.s 107 4 4 a i O2 9 9 I V* Boz-ma .... 100
416 »e_stde.a 97 12 11.5 la 10 1%. H.J«om. 8
443 : Duello.s MS BVi 9Vi 11 116 H. Brown:::.;;: 10 0
315 1 Una Que 4. 04| 11 .- |12 " 114 12 12 J. wSS,:::"" 100
- ..J'," 1601 Btart * Won arlvin - Winner, Eimwood farm's br. g . by imp. Brntns-Kabette.
_: 1 5 ./a-
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.
420 ! Meadow Lark, 6.1041 3
475 Mario: 4 97, 6
513 Two Cheers, 6 98 1
498 Rirardo, 6 1061 9
488 Morven, 6 98 10
518 Monitor, 4 102 8
518 Heartsease. 4 94 5
617 Joan, 4 99 7
lkeL.s 107 4
416 »e-side,a 97 12
443 Duello.s 99 a
315 Una Que Amo. 4. P4| 11
7Vi
91/3
6h
10 2
1 h
%
2 Vi
6 Vi
4 (i
11 .5
l!"
6h
Sh
82
__*
32
2 h
4 1
10 2
12
lV_
28
!*
1 h
6 V*
BVS8 VS
9
10
11
12
1 h
2Va
8%
4 i/ a
5 Vi
6 1, _
72
86
9 IV.
I Vi
116
12
H. Martin
Slaughter.
spencer. ..-.._....
Thorpe '..
Jones
G. I son
I- raw ey ....... .
Thompson
Boz-ma _
B. Isom
H. Brown
J. Woods
4
4
6
4
4
60
50
20
100
15
200
200
Time,
-^ 'JO FOURTH BACE— One and a quarter miles; selling Parse $400.
Index.
i Horse, age, weight.
St.
493 The Bachelor, 4.. 100 1
490 I-obengula, 5 .103
463 Charles A, 6 100
(506) j Foremost, 5 100
483 , Eventide, 4. 96 1
141* 4 1 |4h
3■3 V. 3V» 2 h
6 2 Vs \2 ll/ 2 5
2 5 ,5 11 1
4 13 13 Hi
3% 12
11 ill
4 3 44
2. 3 1
6 IS
lh
8 10
3v 2 ;
420
5
Junes I
ii. Martin
Slaughter
it. Isom
J. Woods I
5-2 3
4-5 7-10
10 10
5 .."■-■- 7
100 100
Good start. Won driving.
Winner. K. Corrlgan's eh. g., by Judge Murray-spinster.
584 • FIFTiI RACK — ° mile; three-year-olds and upward: purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight. I
St.
| Betting.
[Op. ci.
(608)
502
487
508
1.24
ft 41
483
Babe Murphy, 6. .106; 2
Elmer F. 6 106 5
Monlta, a 106 7
I Daylight, 4 1041 6
Cappy, 3. 84 8
| Little Cripple, 6.. 306 4
liar and Tartar, a. 106 1 I
1 h
4 1
6h
6
•_• ii
7
8h
lh
6
5 2
41
_ ll
7
1-fli
IV. 13
6 -61
4h 2 h
3 1 3 1/,
2%' **■
7. G
Sh . 7
1 2
1 ii
3 3
42
6h
6 1
7
T. Mcllugh
Spencer :
Thorpe.
It. Isom.
BeiOy..
Jours
Golden
6-5
j IS
6
5-.
25
110I 10
I 10
6-5
:. 8
7
13 5
26
12
25
Perfect start. Won driving.
1:43%:
Winner, L. Kzell's b. m., by Ellas Laurence- Princess Glenn. Time,
;= OK SIXTH Three-quarters of a mile: selling;
purs. $1 JO.
516 Quicksilver, 6 1"2
•'.48 Bueno, 5 91
431 Ir-imruons, 6 108
498 Major Cook. 5.... 9*
602 Frank Jaubert, 4. 88
345 (Falter J, 4 105
96 Alvero, 4 101
168 Enclno, 4 104
i . i? 00 * 1 - i * . Won cleverly
JtloVi.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
! st.
6
•>
a
8
4
1
7
6
1 4
6 2
3 b
2h
8
66 '
7 2
4 n -
% Str.' Fin.
110 1 8 lo ~
Vs 3 1 2 3
2 h 2 1. 3 2
8 1 4Va .46
8 i -5 V 2 6Vi
610 | « 2 6 2
72 l 7 71 ■
1 4b i J 8 H
.^(reiicer. .. ...... I
Slaughter. |
C. Sloan...' !
Jones j
J. shields....... j
Hennessy. \
H. Martin
B. Isom ...... J
Benin g.
Op. CI.
10
7-2
8-6
7-2
40
I .0
12
I 20
_____
15
5-2
8-5
4
40
12
20
40
.a lot
imp.
thing for Lobengula, the 7 to 10 favorite,
which was plunged on. Running under a
pull to the stretch, he was then challenged
by, The Bachelor, with Eddie Jones in the
saddle, and In a duel to the wire lost the
decision to the Corrigan entry by a nose
in 2:08%. Charles A was third. •
But lightly nibbled at, Louis Ezell's
Babe Murphy took the next event over a
mile hands down. She was a6to 5 favor
ite in the betting, and breasted the tape
two lengths ahead of Elmer F, with Mo
nita a bang-up third.
j Simmons was an 8 to 5 favorite for the
concluding event on the card at six fur
longs, but proved just fast enough to fin
ish behind Quicksilver and Bueno.
ENTKIES.'
Following are to-day's entries: • •
First race, seven-eighths of a mile, parse.
,624Braxsy 105 1 ... Paul Jones. ....115
1.24 Nebula 1101 417 Bernard ...:... 107
624 Play Boy 107 463 Morens. 106
631 Philip H 112 500 The Tourist 116
624 Dr. Margin 110! 631 Tulare 112
Second race, thlrteen-slxtoenthsof a mfle, selling.
281 Lata H 931 623 Zooleln. 104
499 Soniro 93| 456 Lnpuli 88
(61*-)Roactninner....ll2' 518 Monterey 104
(260) La Flecba 107 x
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
412 Unity 961 518 Sooladain 98
612 Trlx 98! 321 Jack Martin.. 99
629 Herman 110 r>32P"wo Cheers.... 98
(&05)Snowdown ill Cherry Stone... 104
43d Peter II 110|
Fourth race, special, one mile.
627 Scarf Pin 107J 5J7 Good Time 5... .112
(It good track.)
Fifth race, selling, thirteen-slxteenths of a mile.
616 Toauo 104 ! (503) Pat Murphy. . . . 109
(463)Suisun 96, (528) Perseus 109
616 cal. fornla 307 497 Fly 309
626 Peril... 99 603 Citllente 104
622 Lost Girl 99 i
sixth race, selling, five-eighths of a mile.
620 Nine- Ninety- : 620 Wood:andßeileloo
Nine 105 524 Mercutlo 106
623 Chappie 105 318 Siegfried 106
517 Modestla 100 ! 148 Catherine the
613 Sugar Foot 102 ■ Great 100
500 Nuncomar 103 520 Miss Mag M....100
524 Lcdy Looram . . 100 1 389 Aitanera 100
SELECTIONS IOR TO-DAY.
First race Philip. 11, The Tourist,
Tulare.
Second race — I.a Flecha, Sonlro, Boad
runner.
Third race— Unity, Two Cheers, Cherry
Stone.
Fourth race— Scarf Pin.
Fifth race— Suisun, California, Call
ente.
Sixth race— Woodland Bella, Chappie,
Miss Maggie M.
WELTER-WEIGHT FIGHT.
The Olympic Club May Mutch Grata
and Kyan for a Fifteen-Round
Bout.
Superintendent Kennedy of the Olympic
Club has already commenced to negotiate
for talent for tbe boxing tournament,
which will be held at Mechanics' Pavilion
in April or May. In all probability the
event of the evening will be a fifteen-round
contest b?tween Tommy Ryan and George
Green. The sporting people of New York
are of the opinion that Ryan would have
a tolerably easy game to dispose of Green,
but the Green of the present day is an
entirely different man from the Green of a
lew years ago, who fourrht the mysterious
Billy Smith. The superintendent of the
Olympic Club is very anxious to bring
Green and Ryan together, and if the East
ern man is willing to accept a good purse
and will fight Caiiforman at the welter
weight limit, his friends of the East will
have a chance to wager large sums of
money on their favorite, as the snorting
fraternity of this City will back the
Olympic boy strongly against any man in
his class. It*was rumored last* evening
that Che club intended to match Needham
and Green, but such a report was circu
lated by tbe friends of Needham and has
no foundation in fact.
The Manhattan Athletic Club will give
■ a first-class athletic entertainment at
i Woodward's Pavilion on Friday evening.
j The boxers who will contest *re the star
j performer-" of the State and as they are in
; first-class condition the lovers of good
amateur sport can safely count upon see
i ing a first-class evening's fistic entertain
! ment.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon and accepted the resignations of John
Riley, engine 30, and Peter Magerty, truck 2.
Philip Denehy was appointed h."6eman of en
gine 19, S. P. Oppenheim engineer engine 19,
and William A. Cook hosemau engine 30.
Richard Cosgrove i.as fined fifteen days' pay
lor neglectof duty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
The first of Rev. Haskett Smith's Oriental entertainments, "The Pyramid-builders; or. The Myths and Mysteries of
Ancient Egypt,'' will be given at Golden Gate Hall under the auspices of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew and in aid of St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, on Filbert and Stockton streets. The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, Bishop of California, will preside,
and all the Episcopal churches of the City nave combined to make this benefit p. {.rand affair. It is hoped that in tbis way
money enough will be raised to pay off the organ debt, which has lain heavily on the congregation for some time. The
lecture will be given next Tuesday evening, and it will be the first of a series on sights and scenes in the Holy Land, in Tur
key, Greece and in Egypt. The first one only, however, will, be for the benefit of St. Peter's.
St. Peter's Church is a small one, with a not unprepossessing exterior, and is comfortably fitted up inside. The accom
panying picture is from a photograph taken when the church was decorated for the Christmas holidays. Rsv. Mardon D.
YVilson Is the rector.
THERE WILL BE A
BURNS MONUMENT
A Most Successful Start
Has Already Been
Made.
Enthusiastic Meeting of the Per
manent Committee of
Twenty.
Colin M. Boyd Unanimously Elected
Chairman and Y. C. Lawson
Secretary.
The Burns monument committee of the
Caledonian Club met in Scottish Hall last
night for permanent organization, and
from the enthusiasm displayed by the
members and the fact that over $1800 has
already been subscribed, the movement
has started off under the most flattering
auspices, and its success may be considered
well nigh assured. ""
Chief D. R. McNeill of the Caledonian
Club presided, and after briefly referring
Colin M. Boyd of the Monu
ment Committee*
to the object of the meeting he ' said he
was ready to receive nominations forthe
position of chairman of the committee.
Colin M. Boyd said that it was the wish
of every one who had the success of the
movement at heart that Chief McNeill
should be permanent chairman, and he
moved that he be appointed, which was
seconded by D. R. Macdonald.
Chief McNeill ttiat he fully appre
ciated the honor, but as there were men
on tbe committee who had been iristru
mental in building up the club almost
from its organization and had been the
leading spirits in every movement tend
ing to rdvance the interests of Scotch
societies and the best interests of the
municipality' and State, he thought that
one of them would do more fitted to oc
cupy the position. He had been.instru
mental in getting such an important com
mittee ' together, which was one of the
most important steps in the movement as
he felt sure such a committee could not
fail to accomplish anything it undertook.
He respectfully declined the honor.
John F. Kennedy then moved that Colin
M. Boyd be appointed permanent chair
man and in doing so ho paid a intih com
pliment to the popular ex-chief for what
be had done for tho club, the City and
State.
: William , Nicol and D. R. Macdonald
rose simultaneously to second the motion,
which was carried by acclamation amid
applause. Chief McNeill warmly con
gratulated ex-Chief Boyd on rescuing the
chair to htm, and the latter expressed his
thanks for tbe honor conferred unon him
in lifting terms.
Chief McNeill nominated Y. C. Lawson
as permanent secretary, and George
Davidson seconded the nomination, which
w«s unanimously carried amid applause.
The secretary briefly returned thanks. *
A resolution was submitted that the
chairman appoint a committee of ihree
lo recommend the rules of order, per
manent organization ' and mode of pro
cedure. '.'■■ . ,
; Chief McNeill, before the resolution was
put, asked that Andrew Wilkie, president
A LECTURE IN AID OF ST. PETER'S.
of St. Andrew's Society, be made a mem
ber of the committee. The resolution of
the Caledonian Club appointing the mon
ument committee of twenty empowered
committee to add another twenty names
and he wanted President Wilkie made
one of the twenty. He moved to that
effect and the motion was carried.
The resolution was then adopted and
the chairman appointed James McNab,
ex-president St. Andrew's Society, John
F. Kennedy, ex-chief Caledonian Club,
and Y. C. Lawson, tne permanent secre
tary, as th* committee of three.
A resolution was adopted that a com
mittee of three be appointed to select the
additional nineteen names to act on the
monument committee, and Chief McNeill
of the Caledonian Club, President Wilkie
of St. Andrew's Society and Chairman
Boyd of the monument committee were
appointed. :* :■".•;. -y . : : _• --
Chief McNeill then explained what had
already been done and how it was proposed
to raise funds. The Caledonian Club had
donated $1000 and there wis $150 in the
treasury of St. Andrew's Society, which
hud been handed over by the defunct
Burns Club. Several small subscriptions
had already been promised by letter and
verbally, and the Caledonian Club had
agreed to defray the current expenses of
the committee until the annual gathering
and games in May. The receipts of the
annual gathering and games this year,
ami each year till the total amount was
subscribed for the monument, would be
banded over to the committee by the
club. St. Andrew's Society was to eive in
the near future an entertainment on a
large scale, the proceeds to be given to the
fund, and it was proposed to hold a grand
Burns festival in the fall, which would
bring in a great deal of money. Other
plans had been proposed which could be
discussed later. He felt that the spirit of
enthusiasm in the committee was equiva
lent to having the monument built.
A few members put their names down
on the subscription list, ami including the
$1000 from the Caledonian Club and $150
in the treasury of St. Andrew's Society
the total amount subscribed was over
$1800.
WAIT GIVES REASONS.
Endeavorers Cannot Stop Over
in Southern California
Going Home.
This Would Bj Obviated by the
Passage of the Anti-Scalping
Amendment.
Rolla V. Watt, chairman of the Six
teenth International Christian Endeavor
committee, explained further yesterday
his official interest and the interest of
Christian Endeavorers in general in the
bill to amend the law so as to prohibit the
scalping of railroad tickets. "He said:
"Holders of tickets cannot stop on the
return except on the Northern lines as
lollows: West of Banff on the Canadian
Pacitic, west of Havre on the Great
Northern, west of Livingston on the
Northern Pacific and west of Shoshone
Falls on the Oregon Short Line. There is
no stopover on the return trip on the
Central Pacific or the Southern Pacific
lines. This will prevent those who come
over the central routes from seeing South
ern California except at a large expense
unless the rules are moderated.'' J,v.f
"We will do everything we can to have
them changed. >r' s.-r
"This is the natural precaution taken
by railroads to prevent the tickets being
frightlully scalped. The railroads are
imposed on by unscrupulous people on the
occasion of large gatherings. The rates
are open to all, ana this is no reflection on
Christian Endeavorers, for the officers and
committees of this ' organization have
always made their best efforts to f.ecure
fair dealings with the railroad companies
on these railroad rates.
"The same 'rouble," concluded Mr.
Watt, "occurs every year. 1 thought that
if this anti-scalping amendment were
passed it would do away with all this dif
ficulty. 1 am as sure of it as lam of —
well, of ny name."
The above results are shown by the
schedule issued by Manager Caldwell.
Some action, according to Mr. Watt, will
be necessary before the tickets are placed
on sale or Christian Endeavorers will not
be able to visit one of the most delightful
sections of California. Mr. Watt declined
to say what steps are being taken to make
a change and extend stop-over privileges
in this State. BSSSSSfoSg
Lutherans Honor I'hliip Melancthon.
The Melancthon services to be held In tho
First English Lutheran Church have not been
postponed, but will be held as announced on
the evening of February 16 in the church.
All the Lutherans of all nationalities in the
City will unite in this service. Rev. J. E.
Busnnell, D.D.; Rev. E. Nelander. Ph.D., and
Professor P. M. Fisher will make addresses.
The service is in honor of the four hundredtn
anniversary of the birih of Philip Melanc
thon, who next to Luther did most to make
the sixteenth century reformation a fact of
history. Music, too, will bi a feature of the
programme. ...
Clerk* for the Justtcea.
Justice of the Peace Carroll conferred yes
terday with Mayor phelan in reference io the
bill pending at Sacramento concerning the ap
pointment of clerks by the Justices. After the
interview Mayor Phelan said the proposition
seemed to have merit in it.
TO ITRK A COLO IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to cure, -oc.
TRIED TO KILL
A SHIPMASTER
Nashville Grant Brought
Here to Answer for
His Crime.
A Murderous Assault Commit
ted at Port Pirie,
Australia.
Captain Eillman Hid a Narrow
Escape From Death at the Hands
of a Negro Sailor.
The steamship Alameda, which arrived
yesterday from Sydney, Australia, brought
a desperate would-be murderer in irons to
be tried before the United States courts.
The prisoner is Nashville Gr.tnt,a negro
sailor, who stabbed Captain Killman of
the American bark Topgallant while on a
recent voyage to Port Pino, Australia.
Grant shipped at Port Townsend for the
trip to the colonies, and early in the voy
age began to show an ugly disposition.
He was surly and refused to do work as
signed to him, and Captain Killman told
him several times that unless he obeyed
orders he would be put in irons.
On September 30 Grant tried to sharpen
a sheath- knife in the carpenter's shop and
threatened to kill "Chips" when the use
of the latter's appliances was refused.
Fearing trouble, Captain Killman ordered
Grant to give up the weapon, and, on his
refusal, had him put in irons. Grant
begged to be released, promising to behave
himself and give up the knife if allowed
his liberty.
The master finally relented and Grant
went back to work.
On October 3. tne day of his release.
Grant went to the quarterdeck ostensibly
to surrender the knife and get same medi
cine that he had requested. The captain
spoke with the negro fur a moment and
then turned and went into the" cabin,
where he was followed by the sailor.
A moment later a veil of "Murder!"
came from tbe captain's quarters, and
Second Mate Brown dashed into the
cabin to find the master of the bark on
the deck with Grant on top of him pre
paring to beat his brains out with a sjove
leg. Brown struck the negro and the lat
ter ie't the prostrato captain, who was
covered with blood, and chased the mate
out on deck. He had just caught Brown
and was preparing to stab him when
others of the crew took a hand and dis
armed the would-be murderer. He was
ironed and chained to tbe deck.
It was found that Captain Killman bad
received seven stabs, three about the head
and four in the body. When the vessel
reached Port Pirie the consular agency
at Adelaide was notified and measures
taken to secure Grant's return to this coun
try for trial.
When the depositions of the crew were
taken at Port Pirie, it developed that Grant
bad a companion who abutted him in his
mutinous conduct and that both of them
had tried to stir up a rebellion among the
crew. The other man will be arrested and
sent here for trial.
Grant is in charge of the United States
Marshal, and will b3 arraigned when the
Topgallant returns, in about four months.
When the Alameda left Captain Killman
had nearly recovered from his wounds.
BUDDING THEOSOPHISTB.
Subjected to a Ittle Wholesome Crltl-
ciim by James M. Pryce.
James M. Pryce of New York, speaking
before the Theosophical Society Tuesday
night in the hall of the Academy of
Sciences, had a few words to say about
the mistakes of theosophists. ,
He was particularly revere upon, or
rather • humorous at the expense, of the
tyro, who makes the mistake of supposing
that theosophical ideas can only be ex
pressed in Sanscrit. After ten years'
study, devoted to that and other lan
guages, the speaker had arrived at the
conclusion that his own ideas were not so
vast hut that they could be adequately
conveyed in good plain English. He con
tinued : i-. . .
The budding theosophist, you know, when
he first discovers that he has seven principles,
is both t.urprised and pleased— pleased to find
that there is so much ot him. Then he learns
tneir respective names. in Sanscrit and pro
ceeds to develop them.' He does so with the
object of becoming an adept, and the way he
goes about it is extremely strange.* He im
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tb» fie- yf
i'.sili /y . -„.i * ; tw
aaines that these adepts are mysterious be
ings who sit under banyan trees in the wilder
ness until their seven principles are fully de
veloped. Some of our budding theosophists,
if they didn't go so far as forsake their wives
and families, used to wait until they died, and
would practice meanwhile in order to become
clairvoyants.
One man I knew would stare idiotically at
nothing in the dark, and if ne could only con
jure up a spook he was happy. Others thought
that the 7 could develop their seven principles
by holding their breath, and a man I knew
kept it up until be actually burst one of h.s
lungs. Then I knew another who went to
India to hunt for adepts, very much as we
would hunt lor jack-rabbits.
I have met people who professed to teach
everything from palmistry up io a knowledge
of Almighty God— for a consideration. when
a fee is demanded for the communication of
things spiritual, you are safe iv going some
where else.
Cattermole Will Marry.
Henry J. Cattermole won a victory in the
suit which Marsiaretta Mublhausen brought
aeainst him for $10,000, on account of alleged
breach of promise. She said she prepared her
trousseau at great expense and came all the
way from New York in order to carry out her
part of the agreement. Cattermole admitted
that he promised to wed the fair lady, and an
nounced that he i? still ready at.d willing to
marry her as soon as she will name the happy
day. In view of tnese circumstance Miss
Muhlhausen abandoned her action at law, and
Judge Bslcher yesterday dismissed it for want
of prosecution.
Mrs. Craven's Litigation.
The managers of thy Fair estate are evi
dently not ready to proceed with the trial of
their suit against Mrs. Nettie Craven, as
attorneys Mitchell & Pierson have secured the
consent of Judge black for a postponement of
the case until the 19th inst.
etxf to-dat:
FiRE!
SMOKE!
WATER!
UNDERWRITERS' FORCED
SALE of the Entire Stock of
LADIES', MISSES* and CHIL-
DREN'S JACKETS, SUITS, FURS,
WAISTS, MACKINTOSHES, UN-
DERSKIRTS, etc., of
LOEWENTHAL'S
Cloak and Snit House,
914 Market Street.
Sale commences Wednesday,
February 10, 1897, at 9:30 A. M.
jf^%L Wasting
m^Jh Manhood.
\#ffl \ I GAINFUL DISEASES ARE BAD ENOUGH,
\ tflk ' Lmm Xj) B |"^l)Ut when a man is slowly wasting away
\~*ltßf'-. iflllfflii M with nervous debility the mental fore-
>4B_iiF,'*./'_v ./mfl I@\ <& bodings are ten times worse than the most
(gjfi^jifeyQHr^^ilg^^ severe pain. There is no let-up lo the menial
Jtl&fi&^rtß&Bl TlKSfmzgtrm. sufferings day or nigr.t. Sleep is almost im-
i^i^J'lj l/'la/ff)HV j&S&fe&Sf possible, and under such a strain men ere
f/ZTsJ ArW*-<9 '"' *r/t«HftHffiSsfM scarce:}' responsible for what they do. When
fsWl r^'^^r^-'^^^^JlSißiS^S^i^l once started this ailment makes rapid head-
<=^y£'f , m^^^^Bs^?*"^i.^S®s^^M wa -' ftncl undermines your health and strength
•^/V^.rS'^'SJraSK' belore you are a-.vare of it, so slyly does it steal
•7>->-Tmt<*W>TF^ upon you, resulting in unnatural losses, ex-
'e'^iMV-J*^^^iM*^!mi&^-^&*s^V££ -i. hausting drains, dizziness, a feeling of de-
• r»R SWFANV spondency and despair, loss of memory, pains ■
vn ' ow&rtiNT, dn the head and buck, a wandering mind, pal-
Whose reputation is established by ten years pitation of the heart, unfitness for study or
of successful practice at 737 Market work, lack of confidence aud energy, an aver-
street, San Francisco. sion to society, loss of manly power, etc.
Nervous Debility is usually the result of youth-
ful Indiscretions, excessive indulgences, overstudy, dissipation, etc. If you suffer from this
baneful disease and desire to be cured, desire to regain health, strength and manly vigor,
desire to have your energies restored and once more enjoy the zest and happiness of lif-, con-
sult DR. SWEANY, the greatest specialist of the age, who invariably cures where others
fall. Do not wait until it is too late.
A WEAK BACK brings an untimely VARICOCELE.' Hydrocele, Piles, Fis.
ffCftlV DAUfV death. It is an un- VHttlOUutLt. tula, Swellings and ten-
mistaKable sign of diseased kidneys. Does derness of the organs and glands treated
your backache? Do you have sediment with unfailing success,
or brick-dust deposit in the urine? Do you __.._, _ .. ;■ _,
urinate frequently? Have you weakness RHPTIIRF New method, sure cure, pain-
of the sexual organs, partial or total impo- llwl fi-UIIL.. less treatment, no detention
tenev? It you have any of these symp- from work, no experiments, no truss. A
toms you have diseased kidneys. To neg- positive, certain and permanent cure,
leet these troubles means to you diabetes . CDCPIAI IIIOCACEO such as con-
or Brieht's disease and a premature grave. OrCuIHL UidCHOCO tagious Blood
DR. S\\EAN\ invariably cures thesa dis- Poison, Stricture, etc.. positively and for-
eases. -. .;'..'/. ;":."''_.::: ever cured. . ~
LADIES WIU receive B P eclal and careful treatment for all their many all-
■*•.
\A/PITP if away from . the city, as DR. SWEANY has a system of home treatment
■ •111 ■ *«• that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. Book, "Guide to
Health," a treatise on all the organs and their diseases, free on application. Strictest con-
fidence observed.
OAXjXj OR ADIDREJSS
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 3ve.a.t*.:__«:et STREET,
SAX FBANCISCO. CAT,. v-= : '7'' :^XXz
" > | 1 •
i
' A newspaper reporter in St. Louis consulted his friend, a young physician, about
a stomach difficulty that had caused him a good deal of trouble, when the doctor
said: " You eat too much, and too fast, and at irregular hours. You will never
be well until you reform your habits. There is no use of yourft>lowing in your
money for doctors' bills. What you require is
Ripans Tabules
.. ipans Tabules
I have been investigating the formula, and know it.ife) be an excellent remedy.
The Tabuleswill do for you all that I can." So on this advice the reporter
relates: "I tried the Tabules, and soon became enthusiastic over the results. The ;
work of these little Tabules was marvelous. . Although the doctor said I would
__ never be well, they HAVE cured me completely. It is six wee'xs since I have
•• . ■ had any trouble at all, and lam feeling like a fighting-cock. Ripans Tabules
area wonderful remedy, wonderful."
— ,
-- ■" "■■ »^ •___■ __•_____________■
DUFFTS PURE
I^MALTfiW
FORMEDIO^
NO FUSEL OIL
Will rid you of that Per-
sistent Hacking Cough
that has made your Win-
ters Wretched. Try it
and see. Send for book to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y. >
1.. A. Bertellns. Pre* H. Jf ord man. Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, sea Jos. iSordman. Treat
jftSn _NHs«____B_w i'-Xi.
I^H WHSr^
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
<KKKKH>O<HX>OOO
AN EXCELLENT
Tf J| |3 A T Properly prepared and
I l/l 1^ r\ I promptly served, can
*»* -^* XJ_^ always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decided lv the PALACE
PALACh
ment in town. Bag—a— mam— aa
0-o<>o<H><K><>-0-0-o<>
,—
O DEWEY &CO.^>.
patents! J
___ _ _ £0 MARKET S.T."s.fSSS^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY- AT-
Law and Notary Public. 638 Market a:., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1020
Pell street. Telephone " Pine " 'JS9LCLOSING DAY IN
THE COONEY CASE
Opposing Attorneys Talk
on the Issues in the
Suit.
The Notary's Attorneys Claim
That No Case Has Been
Mads Out.
Judge Cook to Review Evidence and
Render a Decision a Week
From Saturday.
The first chapter in the Cooney case
was completed yesterday. The lawyers
concluded arguments and Magistrate Car
roll Cook promised a decision a week from
Saturday next.
It was a field day of lesral rhetoric In
the morning Attorney George A. Knight,
as special prosecuting officer for Charles
L. Fair, and Assistant District Attorney;
Hosmer taiked for the prosecution. In
the atternoon Attorney Patrick W. Reddy
had the floor in the interests of Cooney.
. The closing scenes attracted a larce
•'crowd. The issues were elaborately ar
gued. There were references to tbe
•'mathematical demonstration" the Fair
people had promised that the proofs of
the Crocker notarial blanks of January 8,
?S»5. would correspond in the matter of
lieiects with other flaws in the certificates
on .the pencil deeds. Knight narrated a
. chapter in defense of the possession of
wealth and commending the connection
of Captain Lees with the case. Lengthy
legal decisions were also read.
Reddy talked of the seriousness of a
• perjury case, and the idea that the prose
cution of Cooney had a deeper motive than
• his ere conviction.
Knight opened first. He had little to
■ say of the details of evidence. He was
anxious to defend the bringing of the
p.ction before a Judge of the Superior
Court, when the proceedings were pre
liminary. The reason was that the array
of legal talent engaged lor Cooney would
have dazzled and confused an ordinary
Police Magistrate.
"Imagine my learned friend Judge
Campbell or my friend Judge Joachimsen
turning from an ordinary morning work
and hearing the hair-splittitm arguments
of the attorneys on the other side," he
said. There was more in the same strain.
It was his idea that the Fair people had
' produced the one witness necessary to
substantiate a charge of perjury.
"We say," he said in conclusion, "that
the prosecution has shown that it. is abso
lutely impossible that on September 21,
18y4,-tbe defendant could have attached
to toe pencil deeus his notarial certiri-
Hosmer devoted his time to comparing I
and enumerating in detail the typographi
cal defects in the Crocker blanks and the ]
similarity existing between them and |
others in the Cooney certificates on the ]
j encil deeds. Technical argument on the
evidence necessary to secure a convict. on
on. a charge of perjury followed.
tt was tne centra! idea in the reply of
ile ;dy that there was no case made out
against Cooney.
"Your Honor would not bind a man over
on testimony as disconnected as has been
offered here,'' he began. "You and I and
.iJi know the power of money. I am not
Ending fault witn that power or the pos
session of it, but simply calling to your
attention the fact that ii does exist. The
:heory han been advanced, or rather the
intimation has been made, that tbere is
an absent witness, and that when this case
.would be resumed in the Superior Court
more evidence would oe forthcoming.
The prosecution here ts not holding back
anytbia . Is it going to be said that
Captain Lees has left out "You I from
tbe power of money. I am not
a that power or the pos
it, but simply calling to you
the fact tbat it does exist. The
iv- been advanced, or rather tii
>n has been made, that tbere i
t witness, and that when this cas
resumed in the Superior Conr
.dence would ue forthcoming
ecution here is not holding ua
. 1- it going to be s a;d tha
Lees ha- lef. out something fron
this case? I am pleased to say, in my
praise of Captain Lees, that it is improb
able thit he has left anything undone
•At least 1 do not believe that he nas.
"It is a serious thing to accuse a man of
perjury, but it is more serious still when
detectives and microscopes are hired at
every turn to accomplish this purpose."
Beddy then b?_an to analyze the evi
dence of Herbert Clarke, who was fair's
valet. The attorney for Cooney said
Clarke was the one witness th& prosecution
had relied on to effect a conviction.
• "ClarKe admitted that it would have
been possible for Fair to visit Cooney's
office," said Reddy, "when he said that
Fair was able to attend a meeting ot the
Mutual Bank directors."
Magistrate Cook said he would go over
the-deiails of the evidence at once, and
promised a written opinion, owing to the
importance of the issues involved.
GOOD AND BAD LAWS.
The Manufacturers Diacusa Several
Measures Now Before the
. Legislature.
The board of directors of the Manuiac
. turers' and Producers' Association met
yesterday and seveial matters pending be
fore the Legislature were discussed. The
special committee recently appointed to
look into the merits of Labor Commis-
ission er Fitzgerald* labor bill (No. 44)
reported that section 6, to which objec
tions had been uiaue, had really been
copied from the original act of March 3,
' 18S3, under which the Bureau of Labor
Statistics was formed, and that since that
.date it had operated successfully and had
AUen beneficial in its character.
f A long discussion resulted npon Man
ager Lewis' report of the bill whicn is
intended to regulate the manufacture of
. articles by convicts. The bill previously
indorsed by the association prohibits the
manufacture of anything but jute baes,
and also forbids the crushing of rock by
convicts except for use on country roads.
.•A substitute includes streets- and .high
ways. President Sonata^ abserted that
nearly all the rock now crushed at Folsom
for roads goes to Sacramento and Stockton,
and much is used for foundations . for
private buildings. It was decided to again
indorse the hill in w.iich the use of crushed
rock is limited to county roads.
Director Kerr introduced a sweeping
resolution relative to convict labor. He
raid that the prison director- propose to
increase the machinery in the prisons for
the purpose of increasing the output of
products. He said that the cotton-mills
of O.'-kland would enter into the manu
facture of jutebags if there was no com
petition by convicts. What he proposed
was thai the Legislature be asked to pass
a bill providing forthe doing away with
all power machinery in the State prisons.
• -H p stated that this has ben done success
fully in New York and several other East
ern States, and if done here it would he of
great benefit to free labor. He would do
away with machinery after December 31,
1897. ' rXirr'y'
. rector Keller said that he believed
thit prisoners should be made to work
With' their hands and not be aided by
power machinery. At the present time
there is over a million dollars tied up in
fadeless machinery at San Quentin, sash
•nd door, harness, furniture and other
ison industries having been abandoned.
U'bere should not be moie machinery
put in.
Director Allen called attention to the
great benefit of cheap grain bags to the
farmers and said that the State has too
much money tied up in machinery to let
it lie idle hereafter. The matter was re
fer! Ed to the legislative committee, to be
reported on next Thursday at a special
meeting.
ATTORNEY REDDY ARGUING FOR THE DEFENDANT COONEY.
THEIR CRUSADE
WAS WORLD WIDE
Return of the Famous Theo
sophists Who Left Here
in June.
President Hargrove Says They
Made Many Thousands of
Converts
A Message From Nation to Nation
Will Found the Scbool of
Lost Mysteries.
Among the arrivals here on the steamer
Alameda yesterday were eight famous
crusaders who have been on a tour of the
world. They were the distinguished the
osophists about whom the dispatches
have been telling for many months past.
The list comprised E. T. Hargrove of New
York, president of the Theosophical So-
Mrs. K. A. Tingley, the Leader of Thecsophical Thought and
Head of the Esoteric School, and E. T. Hargrove, President •
of the Theosophical Society of the World.
ciety of the world and successor to Mme.
Blavatsky; Mr. Olcott and other famous
lights; Mrs. K. A. Tingiey, the leader of
theosophical thought throughout the
globe, in a word delegated as the cru
sader, the lady is the successor of the
late William Q. Judge and head of the
esoteric school; Mrs. A. L. Cleather; Mr.
and Mrs. C. 1". Wright, the former being
president of the Aryan Society of New
York; H. T. Patterson, president of the
Brooklyn Theosophical Society; F. M.
Fierce, traveling representative of the
school for theosophical research ; Rev. W.
Williams, a clergyman of England,. who
having met the tbeosophists in England
and become impressed with the truths
they taught concluded to go on the tour
with them.
All seemed to be in good health. They
said they bad seen much, had gained
many thousands of converts, and more
than ever saw the need of working in the
interest of theosophy.
President Hargrove, who appears scarcely
3) years old, and who was a barrister-at
law lor some years in the Middle Temple,
London, gave an interesting account of
their travel?. He first gave a running ac
count oi tho personnel of each. Asked
about Mrs. Tinglcy, the head of the
esorteric school, he said :
"It is rumored she is to found a direc
torate of the School for the Revival of the
Lost Mysteries of Antiquity which is to
be founded at San Diego.
.." Mr WriKhl was secretary to the late
Mme. Blavatsky. and also to the late W.
Q. Judge. Mrs. Cleather was one of Mme.
Blavatsky's favorite pupils.
'•As is well known, we have been on a
tour of the world. We left New York
June 13 last on a crusade, and have visited
many, countries, including En "land Ire
land, Wales, France, Germany, Austria
and others, and went to India, Australia
New Zealand, Samoa and on here. " '
'Our object was to carry a me«sage of
brotherhood from nation to nation. We
had large audiences and made many con
verts. It is not too much to say we made
many thousands of these. We also formed
many new societies.
"Wo organized no less than eight nation
al divisions and twenty-one branch socie
ties. At Athens, in Greece, where we
were but two days, we left a society of 110
members. In India we have a treat many
with fifty or sixty in each in Delhi, Luck
now and others. In some places the
interest shown was simply wonderful.
"I would particularly like to have it
known that the crusade has collected no
money while en route. The expenses
have been paid in full by ourselves. We
have paid our own way and did not even
take up a collection anywhere. There has
been no charge of any kind for anything
we have done."
"Among the wonderful instances of in
terest in our work I may mention an ex
perience of ours in Austria. We were told
thai we could not possibly hold a meeting
there under five days. The officials would
not permit it. They would not allow us
to use the word 'brotherhood' in our
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
talks. Well, as we were teaching a com
mon brotherhood it looked bad for us.
"But we got out everywhere and saw
about fifteen of the leading officials and in
two days they agreed if we would not in
any of our talks use word we could go
t th'teen of the leading officials and in
lays they agreed if we would not in
>f our talks use this word we could go
ahead. We held the meetings, the of
ficials being present, and you can imagine
how hard it was not to use the word, bnt
we talked around it and succeeded, and at
the end of the meeting there was a tre
mendous crowd, who announced them
selves as in favor of theosophy. Among
them was one of the officials.
"What they had feared was something
in the interest of socialism.
"In Delhi, favor of lheosophv. Among
was one of the officials,
hat they had feared was something
l' interest of socialism,
i Delhi, India, the peopie wen* fairly
wild. They put two floral wreaths over
the neck of Mrs. Tingley and she bad to
stand there and speak in that way. There
and- elsewhere the Mohammedans and
Hindus, races that for ages had hated
eacb other, and wno have always refused
to have anything to do with each other,
united as brothers. There never was any
thing like it.
"We were at Bombay for two weeks dur
ing the famine and witnessed the terrible
eufferiwg from that and the bubonic
plague. One woman had been living on
charcoal and cinders. Her husband sold
their child for a sum equal to about 10
ct-nts, and when she heard of it she fell
down dead. There were tens of thousands
of similar instances. Millions of the 300,
--000,000 of the population of India are
dying. :
"It is our idea to collect grain and other
kinds of food and send to these miserable
people."
lt is on February 15 that the corner
stone of the school for the Revival of the
Lost Mysteries of Antiquity is to be laid
at San Diego. Ali the theosophists will
be there and take part. Mr. Hargrove
says it is not the idea to tell too much
about this school, for fear many more will
be started for the purpose of making
money, and money destroys the good ot
the school.
On Sunday night, at Odd Fellows' Hall,
all ihe visiting theo'ophists will appear
and deliver addresses. It is expected a
large audience will be present.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXING.
A Professional Tournament
Will Be Held in
April.
The Orisi: a! 0 ympic Gun Club Has
Dissolved and the Trtphy Will
B? R turned.
The directors of the Olympic Club, at a
special meeting held last evening, decided
to hold a professional boxing tournament
in the early part of April either at ihe
Mechanics' Pavilion or Woodward's Pa
vilion.
They authorized Superintendent Billy
Kennedy to correspond immediately with
Tommy Ryan, the famous Eastern welter
weight, and learn from that distinguished
puncher of faces if he will agree to meet
George Green, the local champion, in a
contest 01 twenty rounds.
The pugilists will be offered a good
purse, and as Green has already con
sented to fight Ryan the club is fairly
well satisfied that the match can be con
summated. .____«_.____.■____
As a second-day attraction the club may
secure a ten or fifteen round contest be
tween Lon Agnew and Thompson, the
colored champion lightweignt pugilist of
Salt Lake. . ,
President Newhall is desirous that mem
bers of the club who intend to see the bitr
tight in Carson will leave their names and
addresses with Superintendent Kennedy
as early as possible, as special cars will be
chartered for the occasion. __-'..
The original Olympic Gun Club dis
banded last evening. H. Crocker waa
cnairraan. George Jackson was vice-chair
man, and Dr. Hihbard secretary. The
money on hand, amounting to something
like $40. was turned over to the club, and
the Overland Monthly trophy will be
transferred to the secretary of the Inani
mate Target' Association of California.
The dissolution of the original Olympic
Gun Club will give clear sailing to the new
OlymnlcGun Club with headquarters on
Van Ness avenue.
May Now Sail Ships.
The examiners of the Chamber of Commerce
have passed and granted certificates as master
to P. C Ramussen, John Johcsson and John
Jan*eu! All are residents of San Franc'sco
and American citizens. Another examination
will be. held to-day, several applications being
on file.
MERCHANTS TOLD
TO CALL AGAIN
Complaint- That They Were
Treated With Scant
Courtesy.
Street Committee of the Super
visors Failed to Receive
Them.
After Passing Ha f an Hcur Wa ting
Word Was Sent That a Confer
ence Was Put Off.
■ —
' The officers and active member* of tho
' Merchants' Association believe that they
were treated with scant courtesy by the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visor* yesterday. The trouble was brought
about this way: At the last quarterly
meetine of the Merchants' Association
resolutions were adopted requesting the
Board of Supervisors to prepare future
contracts for street pavements so that
any suitable materials might be accepted
that have proved desirable and reliable in
the experience of other cities. On Janu
ary 22 the board of directors sent these
resolutions to the Supervisors, with a pe
tition to be heard upon this subject, when
facts and figures would be presented in
support of the resolution. It was also re
quested that all others interested in this
matter should be heard at the same time.
In answer to this communication, the
consideration of the subject of suitable
materials for street pavements was set
by the Committee on Streets of the Board
of Supervisors for yesterday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock. In accordance with written
invitations received by the Merchants'
Association to attend the meeting and
take part in its deliberations, a large dele
gation of the directors of the association
was promptly on hand at the rooms of
the Board of Supervisors at the hour
stated.
Those present in the delegation were
the following directors an representa
tives of the association: Messrs. F. W.
Dohrmann, James S. Conweii, A. Fusenot,
M. 8. Kohlberg, Henry Michaels. Joseph
Sinionson, Frank A. Swain, S. L. Sachs,
Secretary Freud, Engineer McCuliough
and a number of other citizens, all inter
ested in securing the best paving materials
for future street worK without discrimina
tion or favor to any particular substance,
and prepared with valuable data for sub
mission to the committee.
Promptly at the hour set these gentle
men were lined up in the anteroom wait
ing to be heard, so that they could go
back to their places of business again.
Time passed, but :hev were not called.
At last after half an hour's waiting word
was sent in to the chairman of the Street
Committee that representatives of the as
sociation were present. They were ereatly
surprised and even angered when the an
swer was received to call again next
Thursday. They went away disgusted,
and openly expressed their annoyance at
such treatment. The former Board of
Supervisors in November, 1895, adopted a
resolution inviting the Merchants' Asso
ciation to meet with its committees at all
times, and set forth that lhe merchants
would be accorded a hearing at all times
and upon all matters. Evidently the
present board has different views on this
subject, or this summary postponement of
an important subject would not have
taken place.
The Street Committee of the Super
visors has set apart next Thursday after
noon to hear representatives of the Mer
chants' Association concerning the adop
tion of asphalt specifications tor City street
work. .. _•
JAPANESE CELEBRATION.
Coronation of an Emperor and the
Grunting of the National Conatl
tion Commemorated.
The Japanese are nothing ii not patri
otic, and this side of their character was
exhibited at a meeting under the auspices
of the Japanese Society of San Francisco,
which was held at Saratoga Hall last even
ing.
The object was twofold— first, to celebrate
the coronation of Emperor Jimm, the first
Japanese monarch, who was crowned
about 2500 years ago, and, second, to com
memorate the graining of a constitution
tothe Japmese people, which took place
eieht v years ago on the anniversary of the
'first-mentioned event.
The meeting was presided over by Rev.
K. Mekami and S. Vamura delivered the
address of welcome. After a musical selec
tion had been rendered the audience sang
the national anthem standing and did
homage to the present Emperor's portrait,
which occupied a prominent place on the
platform. The rest of the programme
was as follows:
Reading of Japanese constitution, K. Tat
suno; address, S. Segawa of the Japanese con
sulate; address, T. Takckawa; oration, K. Ya
mada; three cheers for the Emperor ana bee
ond singing of the national song with hom
age.
The second part of the entertainment,
which was presided over by Dr. K. Kuro
sawa, consisted of music, songs, fencing,
wrestling and magic-lantern exhibition.
Several hundred Japanese filled the hall,
which was draped with the Japanese col
ors, and all seemed to enjoy the entertain
ment thoroughly.
TO ORGANIZE A
FARMERS' CLUB
The Farmers' Institute
Accepts Mr. Holman's
Motion.
"
_
Mrs. Harriet Conness of Berke
ley Reads an Instructive
Paper. *
Va'uabls Suggestions for the City
Man Who Si;bs for a Bucolic
' Existence. {.:".. *-i-
Two interesting papers were read at last
night's session of the Farmers' Institute
in the Academy of Sciences Hall. Mrs.
Harriet N. Conness of Berkeley described
the profitable uses to which small pieces
of land can be devoted, her paper being
•pecially designed for tbe benefit of City
residents of small means who sigh for a
bucolic existence. Alfred Holman, editor
of the Rural Press, in a paper entitled
"City Farmers' Clubs," gave some in
structive details concerning organizations
of farm-owners for useful work in the pro
-1 motion of agricultural prosperity. He sug
gested that the example set by other
cities in this respect might with advant
age be imitated by San Francisco.
The chairman of the evening, Edward
F. Haddock, offered some introductory
remarks on the objects of farmers' insti
tutes and agricultural colleges, generally
pointing out that, while it is the province
; of the latter to instruct, the application
of that instruction must.be left to the
practical farmer. The city resident in
terested in these problems could make
valuable contributions to their solution if
he did no more than assist ingatherings
of this nature where, among other useful
subjects, that of a market lor agricultural
products could be more profitably dis
cussed than in the country districts.
Mrs. Conness, whose remarks embodied
the results of actual personal cxi erience,
termed agriculture the bans of knowledge
in material things, and added that: it
should be the key io things spiritual. A
beneficent intelligence had provided all
the means for human development and
happiness, in spite of which there pre
vailed great misery and want. Though
the earth would yield abundantly it was
well to bear in mind that unless you could
market your product you could derive no
profit from a small holding. The pro
ducer of the food supply was the most im
portant factor in human life. The pro
ducer, therefore, should be given the
right of way.
Proper knowledge and good roads for
safe, cbeap and rapid transportation were
all essential to success. One serious stum
bling block in the way of the would-be ag
riculturist was the indifference displayed
by women to the study of country life.
This indifference deprived the farmer of
a suitable companion, and another direct
result of female ignorance in this direc
tion was the adulteration of the food sup
ply due to her inability to purchase in
telligently. -;-
The problem now was, How could a man
possessing a small fund of knowledge
make a profit out of five or ten acres ot
land? Intelligence on the farm was as
necessary to a successful result as in any
other employment.
In the selection of land it was very im
portant to make sure of an abundant
water supply. Diversity in tbe land
scape, not inconsistent with tbe needs of
cultivation, was also durable. Good
land could be Doug it for $30 and $40 an
acre, and she estimated that a capital of
$1800 to begin with was sufficient on a
holding of about ten acres. She cau
tioned her hearers, however, not to invest
in any more livestock than was abso
lutely necessary.
"Select your land in October," she ad
vised, "when nature speaks more truth
fully. By January the buildings will be
ready for occupancy and work can begin
in the spring. Prepare the soil by plow
ing thoroughly until it is like ashes and
plant it with oats, wheat and alfalfa. The
young grain can he used for forage.
"Plant eucalyptus trees freely for your
future supply of fuel and in February
prepare your kitchen garden, planting it
with vegetables aud small fruits. In
March you can begin to keep poultry. If
you are not thoroughly versed in this
branch of farming do not buy more than
half a dozen birds at the outset. Poultry
farming demands great knowledge of de
tails, but given that knowledge there are
few other pursuits which yield more suc
cessful results." , .... ,
Mr. Holman said that he desired to offer
a resolution looking to the organization of
a permanent farmers' club in San Fran
cisco, as it was one of the purposes of
i ese meetings that such an organization
should be their final outcome. Clubs of
this kind- existed in New York, Philadel
phia and other ci ies, their scope being as
various as the places in which they were
found. The club in New York was com
posed of land-owners and fancy farmeis.
whose investigations bad little reference
to tbe question of profit. In Philadelphia
its object was much tbe same, most of its
members being well-to-do.
It was a well-known fact that there
were more farmers in the County of San
Francisco than in any other part of Cali
fornia. Many of these had settled here
after acquiring comfortable fortunes.
Others held land lor speculative purposes
and others continued to farm in order to
keep alive the memories of their youth.
It had been suggested that such people,
owing to their central location, their
wealth, their connection with all kinds of
affairs, their familiarity with the market
and the processes of legislation, might by
combined action accomplish avast deal
for the betterment of agricultural interests
in California. Tnis might be done in a
honsand ways.
Unjust taxation he referred to as a
grievance these ciubs miirht seek to rem
edy. A land-owner of his acquaintance in
Solano Connty had assured nini that his
farm was taxed 40 per cent more than tbe
price at which a single acre had been sold
in that locality for five years.
A satisfactory market, he argued, was
of primary importance. A farmers' club
would facilitate the exchange and dissemi
nation of fresh information. Ti.e farmers
of California' failed to profit by the recent
rise in wheat because, though the circum
stances which led up to it were known to
a few persons here and to the department
at Washington, there was no way in which
that knowledge could be conveyed to those
most vitally interested. If there had been
a strong farmers' club here, with special
sources of information, tbe farmers would
nave been benefited tothe extent of a sum
he hesitated to name.
He moved for the appointment of a com
mittee of seven persons to take up this
matter, create an organization by draft
ing a constitution and by- laws, and can
vass for membership.
The motion was carried out and the fol
lowing committee subsequently ap
pointed: H. H. Taylor. J. G. James,
Alfred Holman, Colonel E. A. Denicke, P.
B. Cornwall, B. P. Flint and Edward F.
Adams.
Professor E. J. Wickson of the agricul
tural department, of the University of
California afterward addressed the meet
ing on the work accomplished by the de
partment.
The majority of those present, of whom
many were ladies, handed in their names
aa prospective members of the Farmers'
Club. .
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.
ELEVEN LEADERS
POR
THIS DAY ONLY!
TO-DAY six of our leading departments combine IN A GREAT
SPECIAL OFFERING OF SEASONABLE LINES at
, DEEP AND UNSPARING CDTS IN PRICES!
,' RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
1~ n — 4-INCH ALL-SILK, ASSORTED COLORS, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
lwo RIBBONS, will be offered at 15c a yard.
-5-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted
u\)\j colors, will be offered at 20c a yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS AND LACES!
Q^— LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
«/L KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $2 40 per dozen; Special Sale
price 0c each. s". -• . ; > -...■ '.{-■
2- —BUTTER AND CREAM ORIENTAL LACE, 10 inches wide: BLACK AND
<H' CREAM CtiANTILLY LACE, 4,6 and 8 inches wide; CREAM, BUTTER
AND BLACK APPLIQUE LACE. 4to 6 inches wide; CHIFFON AND BA-
TISTE LACES ; regular price 50c, 60c, 65c and 75c; Special Sale price 25c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
7Xp— HO dozen 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, embroidered backs in dark, medium and
I OL/ tan shades, worth regular $1 a pair; Clearance Sale price 75c.
$1 AA-100 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
«p JI«UU backs and large buttons, in light, medium ami tan shades, also black, worth
regular $1 75 a pair; Clearance Sals price $1. r '.'";> ;
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
-|~p— B6 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED MEDIUM WEIGHT LAMBS-W OOL
J-t»L» SOCKS, with double heels and toes, in vicuna, slate and tan shades, extra
value for $3 a dozen; Clearance Sale price 15c a pair.
IKn— 43 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY AUSTRALIAN LAM WOOL
Itlt' UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, extra
value for $1 25; Clearance Sale price 75c each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
1 ~p— LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels, soles and toes,
L'fij onyx fast black, worth $3 a dozen ; on Special Sale at 15c a pair.
LADIES' REMBRANDT RIBBED FINE BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
&o\j high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye. worth 40c; on Special Sale at 25c
■ a pair.
Tn_n A"V ? We are crowded for space in our Wash Goods and Fianne'ette De-
-IKJ U-t\ I . partment.*. To clear out a lot of REAL SWANSDOWN AND
ni 0 ENGLISH FLANNELETTES (these are the good grades), we shall offer 200
* 2K> pieces at a uniform price of 7^c a yard.
IMI M MURPHY BUILDING, /
if If Met Sireet, Comer of Jones. /
SejLn Frencisoo.
EX-MINISTER
FROM HAWII
Thurston Says Nearly
Everybody Now Wants
Annexation.
Club pf Over Six Thousand
Members Organized in
Honolulu
Does Not Knew Whether He Will
Go to Washington — Is Attorney
for Mrs. Dimonl
Hon. L«. A. Thurston of the Hawaiian
Islands, formerly Minister from Hawaii to
Washington, and who has filled many po
litical positions in that country, including
membership in the Cabinet, arrived here
on the Alameda yesterday, and is at the
Occidental. He is accompanied by Mr-.
Thurston and their little child.
It is two years now since Mr. Thurston
was in this country. But that period has
made no change in him, save to add a
short beard of ebony darkness. It will be
remembered that his withdrawal as Min
ister was through a dogmatic order of
Gresham. The ex-Minister is here for a
month's stay. He says he has not yet
formulated bis plana, and does not know
whether he shall go on East and visit
Washington and other places, or not.
Mrs. Thurston's former home is in Michi-
gan.
Mr. Thurston . says there is now a
stronger feeling than ever in Hawaii in
favor of annexation. After it was seen,
he recounts, that Cleveland would do
nothing toward annexation, the feeling in
Hawaii was allowed to die down, but now
the Annexation Club has a membership
of about 6000. Mr. Thurston is president
of this club. . '
•'Not only has the club 60C0 members,"
said he, "but at Koolan, fifteen miles from
Honolulu, there is a club of eighty mem
bers, all but two of whom are native Ha
waiians. A creat many natives are also
members of the club at Honolulu, and are
strongly in favor of annexation. J. L.
Kaulukou, ex-Marsha? and ex-Attorney-
General of Hawaii, who has always
been a strong royalist, is now an ardent
annexationist. In various places on the
islands the natives are iavoring annexa
tion.
"In short, the natives are for it because
they believe it is the only salvation against
the Japanese. There is a good deal of feel
ing about this. A Japanese man-of-war
was expected to arrive a little while before
I left, but il seems the fears of those who
anticipated it were not well founded.
"Ttie census had just been completed
when we came away. It showed this as
to population: Total half caste and
mixed. 8000; native, 31,000; Japanese, 24,
--000; Chinese, 21.Q00. and Whites 25,000,
making a total of 109,000. The whites in
clude Americans, English, Germans,
French, Italians and Portuguese.
"No, I do not come in an official capa
city to work for annexation. I do not
.represent the Government. I hold no
official position, hut if there is anything
that can be done by me in my pres
ent position I am prepared to do it."
Mr. Thurston, Paul Neumann and W. L.
Stanley are attorneys for Mrs. W. W.
Dimond in the divorce suit that is now
pending. He says the case will probably
be tried during his absence. He rays his
trip has nothing to do with getting any
evidence for his fair client.
INGLESIDE COUESING.
The Drawing for the Events to Come
Off Next Sunday.
The drawing for the coursing at Ingle
side Park next Sunday is at follows: T.
Cooney's Hercules vs. T. Gibson's Mollio
Bawn, T. Kenney'3 Diggs vs. J. Rook's
Myrtle, Portal & Haggerty's Laurel Leaf
vs. Grace & Dean's Nellie, Conroy W.
Kav's Eclipse vs. J. F. Floyd's Gracie, S.
J. Quain's Captain Morse vs, T. Traut's
Trilby. M. Welch's Marguerite vs. E.
Geary's Electric, T. E. Butl-r's Susie vs.
T. J.'Cronin's Old Glory. ttartels & Rossi
ter's Wayfarer vs. J. Sesruerson's White
Chief. Bartels & Rossitet's Arapahoe vs.
Portal & Haggerty's Latireiwood. Dillon
& Riley's Grr.'inal! vs. Grace & Desne's
Donald, M. Welch's Tipperary v.*. W. J.
Shield's Snowbird, Ramsdell & Newman's
Pacitic Q'leen vs. George Parkinson's
Fireman, D. Shannon's Sarcastic vs. Por
tal & Hagizeriy's Eldredge, Valley ken
nel's Skylark vs. Arthur Bennett's Beat
rice, D. Shannon's Swinnerton vs. J. D.
Riley's Belle. Meriwa kennel's Waratah
vs. Portal & Hageertr's At Last. The
prizes are $60. $35, $17 50, $17 50.
The Butchers' Alliance
The Batchers' Progressive Alliance, which
was recently organized, is making rapid prog
ress in the estimation of the trade. Its meal
ings are always well attended and the present
membership of some thing over fifty bids fair
to be greatly increased' ln the near future.
The range of subjects discussed at the meet
ings of the alliance is very comprehensive and
includes both political and economic ques
tions. The alliance will in future b*. atttliated
with the San Francisco Trades «nd Labor Alli
ance and will meet every Wednesday evening
at 115 Turk street.
A newspaper column is two and throe
fourths inches wide.
kew TO-DAT.
Iw
PHYSICAL MANHOOD.
Young man, are you the man you ought to
be at your age? Are you sure you have not
wasted an of the vital energy given you by
Nature ? If you know that you possess all the
physical, mental and vital strength that you
ought to have you may rejoice, for you are a
king among men and all nature rejoices with
you. Every one admires a strong man. He is
the envy o: his fellow-men and the leader in
everything he undertakes. He has energy,
vim, push and a "get there" disposition which
assured success in all ventures Are you such
a man? If not you would like to be, and you
may. Send for the famous American work,
"Tureo Classes of Men," which describes the
cause of your weakness, and gives the names
and addresses of hundreds who have regained
this manly power by using Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt. The book will be sent, closely sealed,
by mail, free. Addres*
SASDEX ELKCTRIC CO.,
632 Market su. opposite Palace Hotel, San Fran-
cisco. CaL Office hours— tf a. m. to -i p. M ; even-
ings, 7to 8:30: Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles
office. 204 South Broadway. Portland, Or., *Jds
Washington st. Consultation free and inviied.
/IK- Make No Mistake ln the Number, 63*
| Murkei Street.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY «OF TUX MARKETS
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barl4y futures lower.
Oats dull. Bye neglected.
torn rather firm.
Hay weak. Feedstufts unchanged.
(|.\ot much trade in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter and Cheese the same.
Eggs continue to weaken.
Poultry rather easier,
stocks of App es decreasing.
Llmea In lighter supply.
Choice Naval Oranges Arm.
Provisions unchanged.
New York Exchange advanced.
Mexican Dollars lower.
Petroleum declined.
Gasoline and Naphtha unchanged.
Increased Revenue collections.
JANUARY COINAGE.
The mints of the United States coined January
$9,851,220. against 913,030,560 in January ,1896.
the latter being an unusually large coinage. The
items last month were: Double Eagles, $7,682,
--000; Baffles, $120,000: Quarter Eag.es, $1420:
Dollars, $1,812 000; Half Dollars. $46,000: Quar
ter Dollar:,. $77,000: Dimes, *29.800; Nickels,
$64,500: Cents, $28,500.
KKVEXUK COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue coilee ions in this district last
month were $253,613, a^-nlnst $164,744 ln Janu
ary, 1896, and included $31,386 tor leer, $200.
--791 for -pints. $271 5 for Tobacco and $15,687 for
Cigars and Cigarettes
O Clear (J Partly Cloudy
% Cloudy (g) Ram ® <S/ioh
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, The
word "hiirh" means high barometric pressure and
ls usually accomoanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
ami accompanied by cloudy weather and - rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low"- ls inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winder. The reverse of these conditions
will produce anVpposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricui/
tube. Weather bureau, sax Francisco, Feb.
11, 1897, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared «i:h those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season 32.92, last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .50; Red Bluff 1850, last
season 13.83, past 24 hours .00: Sao Francisco
jo 73. last season 12.42, past 24 hours .02; Fres
no 7.89, last season 4.09, past 24 hours .00; san
Luis Oblspj 03, last season 12.25, past
21 hours .00: Los Angeles 11.33, last season
6.91, past 24 hours .00; San Diego 7.41, last sea
son 4.44, past '-'4 hours .00; Yuma 4.66, ast sea
son .46. pas. 24 hours.oo.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 55,
minimum 50, mean 52.
A storm of considerable energy lies over the
northwestern portion of the United States to
night, and is accompanied with high winds and
heavy rains. The pressure has fallen about half
an Inch In the past 24 hours over Idaho, Eastern
Washington and Eastern Oregon.
'lhe temperature has fallen from 6 to 10 de
grees over Nor.hern California, Oregon and Wash
ington. It has rhen rapiiiyover the upper Jdu
souri Vall-y. The following maximum wind ve
locities aie reported: Fur; Cauby 36 mi es per
hour irom the northwest. Portland 44 from the
sou h as 1, Baker City 30 from the southwest,
Idaho Falls 33 from the south. Winnemucca 40
from the southwest, Carson 34 from the south
west, Eureka 32 from the northwest.
southwest storm signals are displayed along the
coast from sa.i Francisco northward. The river
at bacramento Is 23.8 feet, and falling.
Forecast made at San fr.-.n'-isco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, February 12, 1897.
Northern California— Bain Friday in northern
portion; cloudy In southern portion ; fresh south
erly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
southerly winds.
Nevada— Rain in the northern portion Friday;
cooler nort i.
I't'li — Rain Friday: cooler north.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Friday:
high souih wes '.erly winds.
Alexander MiAj.ik. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 11. — Weakness
characterized the dealings during the greater part
of the day's session at the Slock Exchange. Two
or three rallies occurred, but they were short
lived, the bears renewing their attacks, especially
upon the industrials, at every opportunity. It is
to be said that the railway list, as usual of late,
was relatively firmer than i lie industrial groups,
and in the cases of the grangers. Louisville and
Nashville, the coalers and Missouri Pacific, the
losses were only B ®% P*-r cent. The belief that
the statement of the m. Paul company for the
first week of February, which showed a moderate
Increase over last week. Is the precursor of gener
ally better traffic relations, had a strengthening
effect on railways. Northern Pacific was an ex
centlon and yielded a full polnL Don ion was a
seller of this as well as other international stocks.
a fact which operated against an advance here.
1 eather dec ined 16/ to 57; rubber, Vi to 18V»
--preferred. 21,4 to 68Vi: tobacco, »i to 64i£. aud
sugar, \\' a to 11%. the investigation Into the
affairs of the trust is still the mam factor in de
pressing this group. As a result of the sharp cut In
the price of steel rails and the heavy contincts
estimated at about 95,000,000, made by the I 11
--nols steel Company, Irou and steel stocks con- !
tinue weak. Illinois Steel fell 114 to 321 A, Ten-
D MOO Coal and Iron 1 1. 4 to 38y 8 . Chicago Gas
was comparatively firm on reports that the bill to
permit of the consolidation of the constituent
companies will soon be introduced inthe Illinois
Legislature and will be passed by the board. The
dealings, which were almost entirely professional
aggregated only 123,595 shares. sugar figured
for 33.200, leather prrfcrred 4,400, tobacco for
7000, Northern Pacific preferred for 7700. St.
Paul for 7000, Atchison preferred for 5300, Read
ing tor 4400 and Burlington for 4000.
Nothing else figured for as much os 8000 shares,
and in a number of stocks speculation was practi
cally at a standstill. The market closed rather
weak in tone. Net changes show losses of Vi to
la's per cent, leather preferred leading.
.he bond market was easier. Sales were $1 -
838,000. A ichl.son adjustment lours fell */., Den
ver and Bio Grande fours 1, Erie prior lieu fours
y~, Missouri ci lie Consolidated sixes 114, North
ern Pacific Consolidated fives 5/ . Oregon snort
Line sixes %• Oregon short Li.m Consolidated
fives V' 2. Southern Pacific of California Consoli
dated fives 1. Union Pacific .sinking fund eights
rose 1 and Kentucky Central fours 4%.
- In Government bonds $55,000 coupon fours of
FINANCIAL
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954.
CKNTRA L, OFFICE
C 23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Purl v & Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Oflice— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Urlll
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers. '
Orders instantly executed on latest market qu*
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
ILUCAUU HaVAXifi WUU. NEW YUUJL
1925 sold at 122V8@122i.-i $10,000 do of 1907 at
112%; $50,000 do registered at 111%, and $15,
--000 coupon fours at 113%.
Grain':
FLOUP—DuiI and weak. Winter wheat, low
grades. *2 So@3 HO: fair to fancy, $3 60@4 60; do
patents. $4 7fiCo.s; Minnesota c ear, $3 50444;
no straights, $I@4 45; do patents. $3 40@4 95;
low extras. $2 3t>@3 30; City Mills. $4(£6; do
patents, $5@5 25; Bye m'xture, $S@3 uO; su
perfine, $2@2 80; Hue, $1 bl)&)2 05.
t-oulhern Hour, steady: common to fair extra,
$3 30@3 60: good to i hoice do. $3 76@4.
Bye flour, quiet, steady, at $2 60©:..
IWK.MIKAL- Dul. steady. Yellow Western,
*1 90®.'.
BYE— Dull, weaker. Western, 39@41c car lots
and SfcS^tftasc c. I. f. Buffalo.
BAHLU.Y— DuII, weaker; 27Vi<*27 3 ,i.C c. I. f.
Buffalo.
WHEAT— Dull, weaker: No. 2 red, 91% c; un
-1 graded red, 7i:(g,92c; Na 1 Northern. 76% c.
Options opened wea< and declu ed '\\,(a,ss A <r. on
I weaker cables, foreign se.ilng and lo al liquida
weaker cables, torelgn se.dug and lo ai liquida
tions, rallied %@%c on local covering, cosing
| steady at %@<jfei- uuder yesterday with a moder-
I ately active nude May and July most active.
| No. 2 red Februnr-, B2<ft3: ji irch : B.>»ic: May,
!81i,ir; June, 801 ic. July, 78 1 -ac; September.
7f>i' a c.
COrtN-Fairly active, firm: No. 2, 281 ilß'->s o
••levator: 29i /4 (<4-es s c afloat: steamer mixed,
27% c; No. 3, 27a
options were dull and ueak at %c decline, fol
lowing the West and easier cables, with trading
only local. May and July only t aled iv. Feb
ruary. 28s/ s c: May, 29% c; Ju,y,"3oi/4C
OATs— Du'l, easier.
" tions dull, weaker. February. 21i.se; May,
2.? a-. July, -2c
spot prices: No. 2, 211,4 c: No. 2 white. 23% c;
No. 2 Chicago, 22L£c; N«. 3. 20% c; No. 3 white.
213 + c: mixed Webteru, 21(3_23c; white State ana
Western, 21@)3uc.
. Provisions.
LA HP— Quiet, easier; Western steam, $3 95
(3,4: city, $3 60@3 65: May, $4 10 nominal; re.
fined quiet; Continent (4 26; south American,
$4 6 J; compound. 4@41.4c.
POKE— Quiet, weak; new mass, $8(98 75.
Bl'lTKi,- Moderate demand. Western cream
ery, 14(cfi2il a c; do factory, 7@l4c,- Elglns, 21® I
21 Vie; imita.lon creamery. Il(g,i6c.
Euoß— Firmer. Icehouse, caoe, $3@3 30; West
era fresh. 16c: limed, 12@13a
TALLOW— Quiet, easy. City, 814 c asked; coun
try. 5%93%<-.
COTiO\sEKD OIL — Stronger, fair demand;
crude. 20c: yellow prime. 23i/jc
KlCK— lirm: fair demand: unchanged.
MOLASSES— unchanged.
COFFEE— Unchanged 10 5 points down; steady.
March. .$9 15: May, »H 20; July, $9 25; September
and December, $9 2C@9 30; spot Bio dult, ea>ler:
No 7, 934 c.
sUGAii— Baw firm: Na 4 advanced 11-16 c;
otheis unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc.
1 1 aches— Peeled, boxes 12V_>@15c; unpeeled,
bags 7<g9r. •"*
1 BLNES-Four sizes, 4»4@5c.
BAISINS— Two »rown L. M., 414 c: three
crown, 61.4 c: four crown, 6c; London layers, *1 35
Ol BU; clusters, $1 40@1 ba.
A MON US— soft biieil, B©9%c; paper shell,
11 (a 12c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HuPS- Moderately active; PaclticCoast. siSl3a
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand. Homes, ie
fleece, ie@23c; pulled. 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
JTGlßON— Moderately active. American, $11
©12 60.
COPPER— Easier. Lake. $119C@1195.
lEAD-Qulet. Domestic. .- 3 221/..Q3 27%.
•1 li*— Easier. Snails, $13 45^13 60: plates,
moderate demand.
bPELTER— Steady. Domestic. $4@4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 1.1,, Feb. 11. -Wheat opened steady
this morning, but afterward took a dip. The
steady tone which prevailed al the start was
ascribed 10 an exceedingly good output from store,
j 196,863 bushels,. but tbe t'ne changed quickly on
i reports of reshlpmenis from India to Liverpool of
the California wheat tagen last fall. Liverpool
quotations were oft from %c to %c, and by ex
hibiting full sympathy with our break. ••shorts"
covered rather freely In .he first hour. North
western receipts « ere heavy at 265 cars, against
281 last Thursday aid 384 a year Chicago
received 25 cars. *l he Cincinnati Price Current
I reported the growing wheat well proiecle . by
snow. The recovery was not sustained and a sec
ond break to "puts" followed the pos Ing of lower
cables from England and the Continent. Export
cea ances were light at 250,056 bushels. May
wheat opened from 765/ cto 765/ B e, declined to
76% c, Closing at 76%r, %c uuaer yesterday.
Ea.iuiated receipts for ii.-rairrow 35 cars. No. 2
red, spot, wheal ranged from Hi %c to S6G,aC, clos
ing about 84%585%c.
CuKN— Price* fluctuated only sligbtlv, but the
tone al.erel to correspond with the varia. lons in
wheat. Corn continued slow and listless, the In
ter-st being very slight. Liverpool cables were
1 quoted %d decline in response 10 the loss ln
prices hera yesterday. Receipts were 377 cars.
There were no withdrawals from store. The Cin
cinnati Price Current reported plentiful offerings
In the interior. Export clearances were l;ht at
674, bushels. May corn opened at 2SM& sold
between 23%<5235' c and 23."i( 5 C(i-'3^c, cosing at
23S/ B e, unchanged irom yesterjay. Estimated re
ceip.s for to-morrnw 460 cars.
OATS— Were quiet, the tone reflecting the
action of wheaL Kecetots were 311 cars. With
drawals from store amounted to 1200 busnels.
May oats cosed a sh-ide under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 355 cars.
FLAX- Was easy. Cash No. 1. 74c nomlna';
Northwestern, 76c: May, 76i,i@7b%c; July,
! 771,4 c: September. 79c bid. Receipts were 21 cars
PUOVISIONS — The hog run was over expecta
tions to-day. the result of which was a decline in
prices at the yards. Bus. ness was only mo er
ately active atid nothing significant developed.
May pork and ribs each closed 2%c to 6c lower
an 1 May lard S^fca lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was fairly active
and firm. The demand was good, bu; fancy goods
only were wanted. Prices were v ichsnged.
Creameries — Extras. 20%e; firsts. 18@19c:
seconds, 14ra.1 6c: Imitations, fancy, l. v @]4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts, 14fttl5c: seconds. 9©loc.
Ladles— Extras, ll($12c: firsts. 8%48»%c: packing
tiock. 8c; grease. 2%@3c; ron butter, ]u(glO%c.
EGOS— Receipts weie light and there is a' good
demand. Prices were firm and unchanged. Fresh
stock 141/oC V dozen.
.MONEY — Was 4i-2@s^ on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60c discount.
4. losing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 74c; May. 75V»c: July.
7i3/ @7iy c. :- v
Col.N— February. 21% c: May, 2f%c: July,
24»«c
OATS— February. 35c: May. 17c: July, 17V 8 C
PORK— May. $767%: Jnly. *7 80.
LARD— May. *3 80: July. $3 87%.
Rita-May, *3 92%; July, $4.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYABDS. li.i,. Feb. U.-The
j supplies of ca tie this week, while not heavy as
compared with former years, are on a larger scale
j than during recent weeks. About 10,000 head
! arrived to-day, comparel with 5594 last Thurs-
I day. The arrivals thus far this week have been
j 44,560, against 39.460 for the same portion of
las: week ana 47.650 for the same period a year
ago. a good demand continues aud cattle sold
rather actively to-day, the general features of the
market being much the same as on most recent
days. Ordinarily the heaviest receipts of hogs
reach here eirly in ths ween, bnt this wee* the
rule is reversed and the receipts are increasing as
the week advances. For the expired portion of
the wee* the receipts foot up 1 7. 6>o, against
1.11,140 for the same time last week, 5> 2, 080 a
year ago, and 173.100 two years ago The run
to-day was liberal, reaching anuut 37,000 heal,
and the prices averaged a nlcke. lower, light and'
mixed lots weakening the least. Eslim-i. trig 10
--day's receipts a: 12.000 heal, the arrivals this
week so fir amount to 62.740 sheep and lambs,
as comparel with 49 2rto for the same time lait
week un 1 684 a year aga There was the usual
I active demand at steady prices.
I CATTLE— Receipts. 10,000. Fancy beeves, $6 30
. ©6 40; choice to prime steers. $4 90(3,5 25; good
j to choice steers, $4 50@4 85: medium steers. $4 20
@4 45; fair beef «eer». lf3 9C@4 16: common beef
steers. $3 60(53 85; good to prime stockers and
feeders. $3 85tf4 25: fair to good stockers and f<ed
ers, $2 fco@3 75: bulls, cnoice 10 extra, $3 50@3 70
--bulls, poor to cholie. $3 260340; cows and heifers!
cnoice to prime. $3 60@4i6; cow*, fair to choice,
$2 50<a3 60: cows, common 10 fair canners, $1 80
@3 46; calves. no- d to faucy. $5 BU<sß 26; calves,
commou to gooa. $3 00@5 76: lexaa ed steers,
$2 7&@4 30: Texas cows and bulls, $2 10@3 50;
milkers and spriugeis. per head, $20540.
HoUS-Recelpts, 37.U)0. Heavy packing, and
shipping lots, $3 25©3 47%: common to choice
mixed. $3 30&3 bO; cnoice assorted, $3 46®
3 65: llghl, S3 35(g>3 65: pigs. $3 30®3 56.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12.000. Inferior to choice,
j »2 50(f1,4 10; lambs, $3 50ttf5.
Receipt* at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Feb. 11 HOGS-Re
ceipts, 4100. Market opened lower: decline re
gained. Ught and mixed, $3 25©3 36; heavy,
S3 15SS3 25.
CATTLE - Receipts. 350). Steers, $3 50®
4 IS; cows, $1 50@3 60; feederj. $ @4 10.
s * iK Receipts, 600; market firm. Muttons,
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 1 1.-HOQI _ Re
] ceipts. 12,000. Market active. Light and me-
I dium. %i 30 ®3 40; he * v $3 25@3 35; pigs, $3®
CATTLE- 6600. Market steady. Na
tive steers, best. $3 40 @ 3 90: fair to good. $3 25®
4 SO: cows and heifers, besu $8 10@3 50; fair to
gooi, $2@3iO: bulls $2 25@3 65; s.o kers and
feeders. »3 46@4 15; Texas aul Western, $4 00
--] calves, $5@12. _, v '
KHELP— Receipts, 2500. Market steady.
.-,'; NliW IOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at D<,^: last loan I%*.
j and closing I©l%x. Pilmo mercantile paper, 3%r.
I Sterling exchange strong, with actual business 111
bangers* bills at $4 843,404 86 for 60 days and
£*. 86V,f(}4 86% for demand. Posted rates. $4 8&1 A
©4 87%. Commercial bills, $1 831^,94 84%. Bar
silver, b4%c. Mexican dollars. OO^us&ls^c. Gov
ernment oonds firm; State bonds dull: railroad
bonds easier. . Silver at the board steady.
CIOfiINO STOCKS.
Am Tei & Cable... 87%|Nonh American. 4%
Atchi50n....;....... 141/4 1 Northern Paclflo.. 14%
Preferred......... 23ty« Pr-ferreJ 373/!
Adams Express... 147 .Northwestern. 10»%
Alton, Terre Haute 66 1 Preferred 163
American ExpressllO%]N V Central.. 93% I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
American lobacco 68" 8 N V, Cblcago<fcStL 11
Preferred 1110 | Ist preferred 65
Bay State Gas 11% 2d preferred. 23
Baltimore A- Ohio.. 15 • |SY4Nfi 166
Brunswick Lands. S'ji.N V A New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Boch &V. 16» 4 XV, Snsq & W..„ 9
Canada Paciflc 65 Preferred 2534
Canada Southern.. 44 Ontario „ 10%
Canton Land 60% Ontario A Western 146 8
Central Pacific 11 Oregon lniprovmnt—
cbes A 0hi0. ..J... 37 Prete-red; — —
Chicago Alion 162 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 16
Chicago, B Jt Q..„ 74% Pacific Ma 11........ 25
Chicago it EHi 4 2 (Peoria. D A Evans 2
Preferred 95 Pittsburg A W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas "% Pullman Palace.... 165%
CleveA Pittsburg. 165 ' Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 \ 1 Preferred 11
Consolidated Gas.. Heading -* i3 A
CCC ASt Louis... 27 BloGrande&Westu 12
Preferred 76 1 referred 381/,
Colo Fuel A Irca.. 24 'Bock Island 67%
Preferred .... 90 ißomeWat&Oirden. 117
Cotton Oil Cert.... 11% St Life e> WV... 3%
Commercial Cable. 150 I Preferred 10
Del Hudson 106% at Paul 763/ a
Del Lack&Westrn.ls2i/ 8 Preferred 232%
Denver*; R U 10% St Paul A Duluth.. 20
Preferred 41 ' Preterred 85
Distillers. St Paul * Omaha.. 47%
General Electric... 34*4 Preferred 132
Erie 14 St PU & M 114
Preferred 34% sliver Certificates. 643/4
I or: Wayne I<s southern Pacific. 15
Great Northern oidr.'l Southern Rli t»
i-reen bar- \ Preferred 27%
Durlem a 92 -Sugar Beflnery....lll%
HocklugCoal« A** Preferred . 101
Docking Valley... B', a Teun Cosl A Iron.. 28%
Jiomes'ake 34 1 Preferred 8U
H A Texas Central Texas Pacific 9%
Illinois Central.... 91 %l Tol AA A N Mich.
lowa CentraL 7 iol Ohio A Central 15
Preferred 24% Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... 13% 10l h. Louis <t XC 6%
Preferred 29»/ 4 | Preferred 18%
Kingston «fc Perm.. 3 j Onion Paciflc 6%
Lake Erie A Westu 16 IUP Den & Gulf.... 1%
Preferred 65 U 8 Cordage.. —
Lake Snore 162:14 Preferred —
National l.cad 22 ] Guaranteed
Preferred 84 CS Express 87
Long Island 46 U S Leather. 8
Louisville* Nash. 496/«, Preferred 67
Louisville, N Atony i 4 D 8 Rubber 18%
Preferred 1% \ Preferred 65%
Manhattan C0n.... 89% Uilca «fe B River. ..lso
Memphis & Charts 16 Wab 8L A Pacific. 6%
Mexican Centra... 8% Preferred 15%
Michigan Central.. 89 iWells-Farga £8%
Mlnn&SL Western Union.... 82%
Preferred | Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn &st I. com.. 19 1 Wheeling <fc L X... 2%
Ist preferred 78 | Preferred 9%
idoreferred 47 Am Cotton Oil pfL 64
Missouri l'aclflo... 21% WU Beef 6
Mobil* nhlo 20 I Ann Arbor 8%
Nashville it chatt. 67% Preferred . 24
National Linseed.. IS Brooklyn Traction. 2,1/8
N J Central 981 Krie 2d pfd. 193,4
Norfolk A Westrn. 11 1 ; American Spirits.. 133/ 8
Preferred it%| Preferred 32
closino lovns.
Ala Class A 4s. 105 ,Northern Pac lsts. 115%
Do Class B 4. 6s. 10 4 Do 2d*.
Alabama, class C. P8 I Do Sds. 81Vfc
Atchison 4s 81% Doconsolss *» %5
D*2ds A 47V*. Or lmprovmnt Ist. 86
Canada south *Is. 107 , Do 6s. 18
Cen Fac lsts of '9 s . ORitNists. 11l
Cherokee 4s.' 1896.104 consol 5s ...
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line 65... 1 14 Vs
Do 1898 104 Doconsol 5s .... 76V*
Do 1899 104 'Pacific 65 0."97.. .
& Ohio 65....110V4 Phtlait Beading 4s HIV4
CbifcN PTr Beta 6s 4 2*41 Do Ist pfd incom. 40
DC3-665. 109 I,*1 ,* It Grande West lsts 73
Den <t Gist 11l St LttlrouMtGenss 76
B .^°* s 88 StD&»FGen6s..lll%
pi* 2d.s 66»4 st Paul Consols.... 130
FtWttDenClty lsts 67 Nt PCit Pa lsts ..lloVi
O}} £A A bs 104 [so Carolina 4Vis.-107V4
Do 2d 7s. 1-6** southern R Raj... 89
Gen Elec Deb 55... 86 V Do Pac Cal lsts.. 108
ll it lex Cent 65.. .107^ Term new 3s. . 79
Docoußs. lot; Texas Racists..... BHVSi
lowa Central lsts.. »6Vi lexas Pac 2ds. 2lVi
Lap sas Pa Consols 76 Union Pac 96*. 104 V*
Ivs Pa lsts Den Divi U fc> 4s reg of 1925.122 V*
La Consol 4s. U6Va Do 4s, coupon.... 122 V*
-Missouri funding. D 8 4s reg of 1907. 11
wK 1 /ds. 69Vs Do 4s, coupon 1124 a
-, 1 * B4V« Do2s 95
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 67 Va Do ts. Reg list's
Mutual Union 65..11 lV 2 ; Do 6s. coupon*. .. 1
£ J Cent G0n65...117Va Va funding deot... 62
£1 C itStLouis4slo6 Do registered. -
-Nor A West Gen tisl.'O i Do deferred 65.. 6
A Carolina con 101 V4 Do trust rcptatpd 6
v 1 * 0 5 122 j Wabash Ist 6s. 10 6*4
aoribwusiCousols. 140V4 West llhW *»..,.. IU7L,
Do ile 6s 11l 1 ,v%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Iw, Feb. 11- spot market
is quiet at 6s 7d« 6 . Bd. Cargoes are steady a: 33s
od, promp. shipment.
FUTURES.
The Trcduce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool qnotattons lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. ti, 2* / id; Match. 6s 3d: May, 6s 4V*d:
July, bs 3*id. , *
SECURITIES.
LONDON.Esn.. leb. 11. -Consols. 112 11-18; sli
ver, SO U-i6d. French Rentes, 102: 67^,0.
EXCHANGE A.l> BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days... _ f 4 86Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight '* __ 4 88Vfe
Sterling Cables _ 489
New York Exchauge, sight.. l — 25
New lurk Exchange, telegraphic — 27L,
Fine silver, per ounce _ b4iZ
Mexican Dollars . _ (. iS
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT ANJD OTUKti GRAIN'S.
WHEAT— Futures declined 4c and the spot mar
ket was Inactive with a downward tendency. I
Quoted at Sl S2%©l 37Vi for common grades,
tl /4 ®l 40 for average No. 1. Sl 411*01 42V.
tor choice and 81 4501 60 ft cii for extra cnoice
milling.
CALL FOARD SUITS.
Informal Fission— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 34: 60J0, $i 337' 8 ; 38.000. »'l 333i
-12,000. *1 3:0/2: 52,000. «L 3S6 8 . December—
10,000, $1 19<y 8 .
s>coni. -t.^ioN-May— Booo ctls, 81 33« A:
32.00J, 91 3.3/,- 6000, $1 33V*: lO.OuO. 91 33i/k
58,000, 81 33. Decemb er- 60 00, 91 19; XH,-i(lO.
81 Id -. . . '
Regular Mornino Session— May— 4000 ctls
81 A3: bOOO, :*, h2S4: 6000. Sl 82%; le.OOo'
81 32%: 8000. $1 ».s/ 8 ; tjooo. $1 32V4: 2000
81 31%: 2000, *1 Sis,i. 1 ecemner— 6ooo, Sl 18%i-'
•000, *1 18Vs: 4000, 81 lbVfe: 2000. 81 ia£*
400;. 81 18: MOO. Si 17»4. ' * '
AKTK.RNOON SESSION — May — 20,000 ctls
81 31&' 8 c: 4000. 81 81%; 2000. 81 31" 8 : 6000,
$1 32V*: 2ioo Sl 32%; 4000.81 32. December
-6000. Sl IBS/4: 2000. «1 185 /8
BARLEY— Futoies are lower, but spot grain Is
unchanged, leed, 75080 cfi ctl; Brewing, 87V.
©92% eft ctl. * va
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No gales
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, TiVtc; 2000,
763^0: 2000, 76c. '
iiKot-i.AR Mornino session— December— 2ooo
ctls 7es^c. May— 2ooo. 71% c.
Afternoon Session— May -4000 ctls, 77Vic.
OATs-Fancy Feed, 81 »7Vi@l 45: Common
White, 8101 10: choice, 81 1501 35. according to
quality. .Muck tor feed. 9tc<ftSl 06; lor seed, 81 10
01 26; Gray, 81 1501 30; Red. 81 1001 20; Sur
prise. 81 4601 65 ft ctl.
CORN— Dealers quote a firm market, though re
ceipts from the East are still heavy. Large Ye -
low. 76080 c: Small Round do, 80c: White 771-,
o*Oc ft hi. • « 2
RYE— B7^(292l^o ft ctL
BUCKWHEAT— at 81 15@1 25 -fs ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFKS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
84 8504 95; Bakers' extras. $4 7504 85; Super,
line B*o4 35 ft obi.
CORN MEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn. 817017 60-
Cracked Corn. $17 60918 ? ton. " '
MI LLSTUFFs— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour 82 85
ft 100 lbs: Rye Flour, 82 75 ft;10O lbs: Rice' Flour
*6 76: Cornmeal. 82 35; extra cream da 83*
oatmeal. 83 00; Oat oroats. #4: Hominy. 83 10
03 30; Buckwheat Flour, 83 2003 60; Cracked
Wheat, 83 50: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
S3: Roiled Oats (bbls), 86 5005 90; Pearl Barley"
S3 7504; Split Peas, 83 60; Green do. Si 25 fj
100 lbs. v
HAY ANj FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay ruies weik, though there Is no decline.
BRAN— 813013 50 forthe best and 812012 50
ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— fig 60319 50 for lower trades
and 820021 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley, 817 50018
oilcake Meal at the mill, 826 60 ft ton; jobbing.'
827 60; clipped Oats, 81 3001 60 ft ctl.
HAY— Wheat, SMSill; Wheat and Oat, 870
10: Oat. 8609: Barley. 8708 50; River Barley;
8606 60; Alfalfa, 9607 6u; compressed, tiia,
fl 60; stock, 8508: cli.ver, 8608 %l ton.
STRAW— 2SOSOc ft bale.
BEANS ANO SEEDS.
Dullness continues to characterize this market.
BEANS — Bayos. 81 60&1 60 ft rtl; Small
Whites. Sl 1601 25 V ctl: Large Whites, 8101 15 ft
ctl; Pinks, *1 1001 25: Reds, Sl 1001 20: Black
eye, 91 10©1 15; Red Kidney, 82 60: Llmas. 81 70
01 90: Butters, 81 2501 60; Pea. 81 1501 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 5002 75: Yellow
Mustard, 81 7602 Veil; Flax, $1 3501 40- Canary
Seed, 1 $4(0.3.1/40 ** ft; Alfalfa, 6V*c; Rape. 2', a a
2»,ic; Hemp, Ac; Timothy. 4 3 c.
URlfcD peas— Niles, 8101 20 * ctl; Green,
81 4001 50 ft etl, ■
POTATOES, bHIOKa, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes keep up despite liberal receipts. Onions
are steady. Tomatoes «re poor and frostbitten.
POTAIOEs— New Potatoes, 2©2ViC f» ft; sweet
Potatoes, 81 2501 75: Early Rose. 75085 c; River
Reds.7soßsc; Burbank heedllnsa76oßoc ft ctl for
Rivers. 9OCOSX 10 for Salinas and 75090 c for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, H&CO9I 10.
ONIONS— BI 6002 ft ctl; Cut Onions, 75c®
91 25; Oregons, 8202 25.
■ VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 6OcoSi
Vi dozen; Asparagus. >©'-5c ft ft: Rhubarb,
8'- ft box: -Los Angeles Summer • Squash, 76c
fa»Sl %* box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 40©
60c: Mushrooms. 10020 c 9 ft; Marrowfat squash.
SSOR ft ton; Los Angeles 'tomatoes, 60c©81 VI
box; Dried Peppers, 7©Be \J. ft; Esfg Flan ,
ft ft; Green Peas, 305 eft ft: Los Angeles
String Beans, 6010 c; Dried Okra B©9c ft ft; Cab
bage, 40050 c ftcU; Carrots, 25080 eft sack; Gar
lic, iy s o2c * ft.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— No further change.
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 2)@22M,c; sec
onds. 16019 c * ft. 73 l ow
Dairy— Fancy roils, 15@16c: squares, 17c il Ib;
good co choice. 13©14 c; low er grades, 10fci>:2%c.
Pickled— 13@14c 9 16 for old and 17@ 1 ior
new
Firkin— l3r<£l4c V ft for old and 17<gl8c for
new.
C reamery Tub— l6@l7c ~s Bs.
CHEESE— Choice mild new is quotable at
10c Jb: common to good old, 8139 c~. lb;
Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c ¥ Ih: Young America,
lie; Western, ll(&12c: Eastern. 14@14%c * 16.
EGGS— Con tla je to decline. Stocks are increas
ing. Banch Eggs, 15@16c: store Eggs, 12%@14c;
Eastern, l3@l4 C $ doz. .r ■ /y.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY- The market is rather easier, though
prices show no pronon-tced change.
Live Turkeys, 13@14c %?> ft. for Gobblers. 13®
14c <» lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 14jjSlQc t* lb:
Geese, ? pair, $1 6o@l 75: Goslings, $2 60@3:
j Ducks. *4 604*5 60 lor old and $t'(<£7 for young:
Hens, ?3 60(8,5; Boosters, voting. *i> 601a 6 ss\ "oz;
I do. old, $4; >ryer<. !«s(tts 60; Broilers, $4 60(56 for
i large and $3 60@4 for small: Pigeons, $2®2 25
I %* doz tor young and $1 26 lor old.
j GAME— English i-nlpe are quotable at $2 50©3;
I Jack snipe, $1 60 ■? dozen: Bare. $1; Babbits,
i $1 60 for Cottontails and Sl@l 25 for small: Gray
I Geese, $2 60; White Geese, Sl: Brant, $126@1 50:
I Honkers. S3 60@4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS EKCIT3.
Stocks of Apples continue to decrease slowly.
Choice Navel Oranges are firm, but common sti ck
drags- Mexican Limes are in light supply again.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90t@Sl %4 box for choice, (1 25@1 60 for
fancy Bed, 50a75c for common; Eastern. $1 60
<&■-• v bbl.
berries— :•'.;:: ~,
Eastern Cranberries, $6@7 9 bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quot
able at t2@2 76 >» box; Seedlings, Sl@l 25 ■& box;
Lemons. 75c@$i 25 for common and $1 60@2 tor
good to choice; Mexican Limes, 95^5 60; Califor
nia Limes, $1 50@1 75; Bananas, lift {| bunch;
Pineapples, ?2@i%l doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FBUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Boy and 1 1 %(&l2c for choice to fancy Moor
parks: Prunes. 'ita'AKsc for the 4 sizes. reaches,
4hio%c for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9@!oc for peeled in boxes; Apples, 6@5%2 for
evaporated and 2®2%c for sun-dried; pears, 2%
4tsc for prime to choice, 4@S%c for quarters and
6@6%c for halves: Plums, 4c for pitted and l%c
for imputed; Nectarines, 3%@4%c lor choice and
6%c for iancy; Wi,lte Figs, 3c; Black F'lgs, 2%
02 %c. ■• .-•{ ■-; . >
Jouuino Prices— Peaches, 4i/j@s%c \3 lb;
fancy, 6%®7y 2 c 1« lb; peeled. 121-cfitt). Aprl
cots, 6%13.1'c V lb: iancy, 10c; Moorparks, 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, s .tC; sun-dried. 2S/i@3c;
Prunes. 3%c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed aim 3@3%c for pressed: white lias, 4c;
riunis, 4%(f15c tor pitted and l%c for nnpiited;
Nectarines. 4(q,6c fl lb for prime to fancy: Pears,
2%(d25c for whole. 4%@5%c tor quarters and
4 %M %c for halve*
Raisins-
Carload Prices — Four- crown, loose, 6%c;
three-crown. 4%c ~\ lb; two-crown, 33 8 c ~1/. lb:
seedless sultanas, a c; seedless Muscatels. 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 15; clusters, $1 60;
Lehesa clusters, .*2 60; Imperial clusters, S3;
dried I; rapes. 8c i* 16.
Jobrino Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 4 c; 3-crown, 43/ic: 2-crown, 33/iC: seed
less sultanas, 53^c: s> en: ess Muscatel's, 2 c:
3-crown London layers, $1 26: clusters. $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: imperial clusters, S3 25.
NU I «— Chestnuts quotable ai B,'<sloc: Walnuts,
6%(^7c "0 lb fnr standard and 9(&9%c %t lb for
soitshell; Almonds, 6@6%c for languedoc, 3®
3%c for hardshell and s'diTc V Ih for paper-shell;
Peanuts. 4is6c $ Us for 1- astern and 4C for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts. s@rtc ?• 16; Pecans. 7%®
8c %< lb; Gilberts, 7 %(g be; Biazu Nuts, 7%iaißc;
Cocoanuts, $6(0,5 60 '<r 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 5 AOc
for lower grades: water-white extracted, >i /3 c;
light amber extracted 4%@4%c; dark amour,
4(&4%c: dark, 2fd3c * lb.
BEESWAX— 22J5.25C %1 IE
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c t 1 lb for heavy, 7c
V 16 for light medium, 9%u for light, 10c {1 16 for
extra light and ll%c Vlt for sugir-cuied. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 11915% C; California
Hams, lU'<llo%c: Mess Beef, $7y,7 60: extra
mess do. S »dtß 50: family do, .til &0®10: extra
prime Pork, $7 60 @ 8; extra clear, $16 'tfi bbl;
mess. .*'.■!? bbl: smoked Beef. 10c ? 16.
LARD— Eastern, tlercet, Is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6@6%c for pure; palls. 7c: Cain
fornia tierces, 6@5%c «1 It for compound and 6%c
for pure: half- ts-\±c; 10-16 tins, 7%c; do, 6-16.
7%c -f. ft..
CoTluLENE— 6®6i/ic in tierces and7}i©b%c
in 10- 11 tins.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and orands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c V lb:
medium. 7c: llrhu C@6%c: Cowhides. 6@6%c:
salted Kip. 6c ft tti: sailed Cat. 7(jlbc: sailed
Veal. 6c: dry Hides. 12%g)13r.: culls and brands,
9%i^loc V ib: dry Kip aud Veal,9io iOc;dry Calf,
locj culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20035 c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, .lc ft lb: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; Sbeeusklns, shearlings. 10i$20c
each; short wool. 26«535c each; medium, 30© 15c
eacb; long wools. 40®600 each.
IaLLOW— Na 1, rendered, 3@3%c; Na 2, 3 c;
reriued, sc; Orease, 2c >( lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7<gß%c V lb: middle counties, free. 5%@
7c; do, detective, 4%@6c: San Joaquin, 3Q.6c; uo.
foothill, 6yi7c: Eastern Oregon. 7@loc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', lojcllc V lb
HOP?— 6io_Bc fur lair lo cnoice and I'&lOc "r lb
for fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, Be; June-
July delivery, 6c; San Quenlln, $4 75; Wool
Bats. 241 i@26%c.
COAL- Wellington. SS "$ ton: New Wellington,
18 ion; Southtield Wellington. $7 60 "fr ion;
Seattle, $5 60: Brvant, *5 60: Coos Kay, $4 75;
Wallsend,S6 60; Scotch : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 60 In bulk and $15 In sacks; Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Egg, *1 1 «t 1-J V ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $84(10: Cannel, $8 V ton; Bock
Springs, Castle (iate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. ifllfe.l'-' In bulk and $13 t* ton in sks.
PET GASOLINE, ETC. The Standard
Oil Com; aif quo new rates, as follows: Water
white Coal Oil, in bulk, 10% c: Pearl ill, In cases,
16c; Astral do. 16c: Star. do. 16c; Extra star oil,
in cases, 20c: Elaine, do. 21c; Eocene, do. 18c; De
odorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, ll%c; do. ln
cases. 17c. 63* Deodorized Naphtha. In bulk.
10% c: 63° do. In cases, 16% c: 86 a Gasoline, ln
bulk. 20c; 86° do. in cases, 26c %> gal.
All— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, oc: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A.
4c; Extra C, 8 c: Golden C, 3%c: half barrels
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rales for dressed stock from slaugh
terers i.re as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6@6%c: second, 6@5%c,
third do, 4@4%c > 16.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Bc lb.
M -Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, o©6%c
I ft IE
LAMB— Spring. 10@12%c^ tt).
FORK— Live Hogs, .ir-t(g)i* »c ~f. Ib for large and
3%@3f}'gc for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@bt<4c r ib- , •;■ ■'.-, .--;.-.
RECEIPT* OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... IS 275' Butter, ctls...^. 32
Wheat, ctls. 39 4.14' Cheese, ct15... ,„ 114
Parley. cit5...... IMS Kggs. Cos .„ 1.650
Beans, sic a ... 732 Hides, no 700
Corn, ells Pelts, bdls „ 222
Eastern 2,800! Wins, rats _ 60,700
Oats, ctls. 470 Quicksilver, Ski 17
I Potatoes, sks.... 3,351- 1 Wool. 013 242
• Onions, sits... __. 82 11 her. rolls. . 28
Middlings, acs... se l Alfalfa Seed, sks 167
Bran, sks 1 allow, ctls. .... 100
Hay, tons 49 |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anton Mlchalttschke to Louise Michalits"!i ke.
lot on N line of California street, 34:4% W of La
guna. W 3t:4»6 by N 117:6: gilt.
Louise Mtcha.itschke to Anton Mlcballtschke,
same: gift.
M urphy Estate Company to Eugene E. and Julia
Schmltz. lot on W line of Fillmore street, 26 sof
j Green, s 25 by W 100; 810.
Ellen O'Neil to Edward and Ellen O'Neil. lot on
I NE corner of Saint Roses and B yce s reels. N 25
j by E 100, biock E.Junlpero Homestead; 81 and
gift.
Frederick B. and Ada K. Tracy to Mary J. Whe
lan, lot on s line of Geary street, 132 W of sterner,
W 22 by s 82:6, Hamilton square: 810.
James A. Cnr.-v io Edwiu 1. Broods, lot on N
ll'ie of Twen.y-«eveoth street, 215 E of San
ch»B. E '.5 b. N 114: 810.'
Eva C. and A. L. McLeod to Cooperative Mu
tual'Beiievo ent aud Loan association, lot on W
! line of Douglass street, 1/6:3 N of Ellzibelh, N
j 25 by W 100, lot 98, Heyman Tract: 810.
Angelo and M ar/ Pe'.rl to Jamei R B ooks,
! lot on S line of Fran- Isco street. 165 W of Dv-
I pout, W3O by 70; 810 '•'■*
Cailfor nla-s.reec Caole 'Balltoad Company to
1 Jane M Biwen, lot on S line of California street,
1 87:6 of Larkin. E 25 by S 110:6: 810.
I Tuomas H. Knight to Mary C. Mass^v, lot on
j E line of Lirkln street, 87:6 N o. McAllister, N
| 50 uy X 87:6: 85. '
| George L. and iljlvla T. Maisey to same, same:
i 85.
Atkins J. and Frances M. Massey same, same;
810.
I Davia Saunderson to lames English, lot on «
! line of Clement street, 40 E of Eleventh avenue, E
I 50 by S 100: 810. .
R. T. and Louise M. Harding to Ellen Jane Ed
wards, lot on NE corner of C slreet and Thirty
third avenue, h 132:6. N 100, W 12:6, N 275, W
120, S 375; 810.
Frank Allen to Henry Meyer, lot on W line of
Twenty-ninth avenue, 225 N of C street, N 60 by
W 120: 85.
Charles F. Tay to George H. Tay Company, lot
: 1393 gift map 3; 810.
Angus F. McDonald to Dora McDonald, lot on
i SK lineof Bemis stree:, 113 SW of Roanoke, SW
I 34 by SE HO, lot 46, block 4. Mission and
i Thirtieth stree. s Homestead Union; gift.- -
James Shields to Susan Shields. lot 23. block 8,
Flint Tract Homestead Association; gift.
John K. Warren to Frank W. Warren. lots 1 to
5. block 13, Sunny Vale Homestead Association;
810- *.'.
Jeremiah and Francis Noonan to John B. Olsen,
tot on s line oi Powhal tan street, 67:4 Eof Idaho
avenue, E 38:8 by s 95: Sid.
Pa.rick W. Riordan, Roman Catholic Arch
bishop ;a corporation), and Patrick W. Riordan to
F.-ancis W. .. arrctt. lot on NE line of Francis
stieet, 275 NW of Mission. NW 25 by NE 100,
block 5; Academy Tr»ct: $475. . .
Daniel Blchsrds (executor of the estate of John
Tuck), to Annie Cagnacci. lot 334, Preclta Valley
lands; 98890. -; ' |;S '"-
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
John i). and Ellsa s. Tallant to Samuel Mc-
Henry, lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and
Sherman street, S 133.32. E 140 11, N 129.88, W
1*0.24 to beginninr. Alameda: $10.
John ('. and Agnes Wilson to Paul Goldsmith,
lot on W line cf san Pablo svenne, 59:2 Nof
Twenty-flrst. N 29:7, W 100, S 29:6%, t
100, being portion of los 2 and 3, Sml.h 'tract,
Oakland; $10.
James C. McKee to William P.Todd, lot on E
corner of East Eleventh street and First a venue.
NF. 100 oy SE 50, block 27, Clinton. East Oak
lund: $10.
Walter W. Bristol to James M. Caslie, lot on N
line of Mattle avenue. 130.58 W from a point
» here suid N line intersects the F. boundary line
of 1 arsons Gelden Gate Tract, thence W 80, N
120. E 80. S 120 to ceginning. being lots 25 and
26. bicck C. Parsons Golden Gale Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
Rudolph and Marilda Armstrong and Edgar D.
Peixotto (by commissioner) to Pacific Stales S. L.
and B. co , lot on NP. line of California and Fran
cisco streets, E 120 by N> 135 41 1-6. lot 6, blocK
1, State University Homestead Association' No.
6, Berkeley; $14C0. '
John G. and B. Kiumpke to S. C'eloise Legronx,
lot 23, blocK B. ameuuei map, Christianla tract,
quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $35.
Builders' Contracts.
Harris Samuels with A. Garua and John Pecar
cilch, to erect a three-story building on s 1 ne of
Bush, 62:6 W of Mason, $5710; C. A. Meuss
dorffer, archil, ci. ,
THE STOCK MABKET.
Mining stocks showed no marked variation yes
terday. ■>_•';.'•*'
The Little Pittsburg Mining Company of Utah
has levied an assessment of half a cent per share,
amounting to $-000. .:'-i".',r
The Utah Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of 2 cents per share, amounting
to 152000, making a total to date of $176,000.
'1 he silver King Mining Company of Utah paid
a dividend of 25 cents per share, amounting to
$37,500, on February 8.
Ihe Beward Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of '2 cents per
share, delinquent March 11.
In the Crown Point mine they continue the
south drift on the seventh II >or of the raise above
the 800 level and Ills out 44 feet. The face is In
1' rphyry and small seams of low-grade quartz.
When the drill Is in 50 feet crosscuts will be
started east and west, on the 600 level they are
Mill repairing the main south drift.
The vied of the lelcher mine for the past week
amounted to fifty-two carloads of ore, the average
assay value 01 which was $18 93 per ton.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales ln the San Francisco
flock Board yesterday:
RFOVI.AB MORNINO SESSION, COMMKNCINO 9:30.
100 D *r.... 28 200 < !'«"r.....9L100 Ophir 91
200 Benton ...:7 100 CCAV...2 1010 ) P0i05i.....4h
50 > LJCIi.... ..6- GifcC 45 100 49
600 EuUlon .04 500 OcddU-.. 081500 Savage.. ..46
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
100 Atrha 00 500 CCitV...2.10|300 Ophir 92
300 Alta 05 60 Confi 250 Occdl 08
400 HAU 69 200 H<fcN...1.20 300 Ovrmn..-12
100 Bullion... .041 100 Justice... o4 200 savage.. .46
100 Choir 91 560 Mxlc. 42 100 44
10J Change. JOO N G&C..25 200 X J»Ck*t..29
Following were the sales in the PaclUc Stock
Board yesterday: .
REOITI.AR SESSION— IO:3a
400 Alrtaa 10 15 Conn ...LOO 600 0vrmn....)2
700 A1t5. ......05 500 C Imp 01 .100 Potoal 47
200 Andes. . ..l 3 500 02750 Ravage.... 44
3uil Belcher.. ..27j*OJ I Point. . .3* 500 Scorpion. .o2
100 28.200 Exchqr...o4 50l) 58& M...08
450 BAB 6SxOJU«fcO 45.301 Nev 38
60 8u1110n...04i5U0 H&N 1.07% 1500 5T1U1....01
200 Caleda. ... I . 700 1.05.100 51nrd...1.60
300 cnllnge...4b 1200 LWash..ol 400 Union 38
600 Chollar...BC 400 .M« 41 50 J L"-ah 02
700 8: 7io Occd 0920J It JUKI «„28
560 CC*V2.O7% ! 450 Ophir 91 !
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
201 Aims 10,300 Caleda.... 1500 0cc1dt1....09
600 A1t»....~-0t 10 » Ihotr 91 40.1 Ophir 92
10 1 Andes ...13 400 CC&V...2.U 500 0vrmn....12
.00 14 100 li 30 J Potosi 4h
20J Belcher... 2B 100 Coua...l. tii. -0t 1avage.... 45
iOO 271100 CrwnPt.. 29 lOOBNev. 38
250 A B 70 500 HAY 41 50 blurd. . .1.60
301 68 2901) H4N..1.1; 100 m 00.... .89
600 8u11i0n... .0-! 100 Justice. ..ol 00 Utah 02
600 Change... 47| 300 Mexican.. 4l .OJ V Jtiil.... 29
300 46 200 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
THURSDAY. Feb. 11 4p. k.
jfiit.AtAfit.i As***.
AlrhaOmi 08 09 Jackson ... - 26
Alia. „ 04 06 1 uit* _ - C 4
Andes. ... 13 34 Justice. 04 05
Belcher 27 29. Keuincfc...^. 02 16
Best A Belohar 68 69; Lady Wash.... 01 . 12
Benton C0u.... 15 18, Mexican 41 42
Bullion _ 03 v* Nevada Queen C 4 —
Caledonia. — 12 Occidental..... 08 09
Chollar 89 90 uphlr 91 92
Con.C'ali&Va...2.o& 2.10 overman.. .... 12 13
Challenge Coo. 45 47 I'OlosL ... 47 48
Con. ImperiAi. 01 .-savage. mm 44 45
Confidence.... 98 1.05 scorpion.. ..«. 02 OS
Con New Yok — 63 seg. uelchee... 07 08
Crown Point... 28 29 -liver Hill — 11
EastSlerraNsr — 14 -lerra Nevada. 38 39
Eureka Coa ._ — ill-iaudard 1.65 —
Exchequer.... 03 04!->yndica:e. .... Mi 14
i- i/uiu curry. 44 46 nlouUua..... 38 39
L«.i*«k.N\«crt.l.ls I.2i>k'taa 02 OS
Holmes 20 301 Velio* JMMh 28 30
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY Febll-2p.ic
UNITED STATES BONDS. \\. j■ -/ s '"..-■ ."
J <•-. -mi- : .' '•■■-'. '■".■. BttL -Asked.
V 64s c00p. 112 — C S4sreg...lotf 110%
i 0 new issue 122 — |
Mini.-KX.LANk.orrs wines
Cal-stCbless.Ho% - Oak Gas 55.. — 104
Cal Elec L 65120 131 Do 2d is 6a... - 110%
CntraCW&s — 87 timnious 65.. 121%]22%
l)pm-stex-cp — 97% PAO Ry Us. — IJ3
FdsnLktPSs - 123 PifcChßy6s. — ! 103
Kil6siO4is.no Pwl-st RR6sll4 119
Gearv-st KSslOd — IKeno. Wl*fcL — 10
11 i.tM.Vjs.lui — tract o &L. - 100
LosAngL6» - 100 fcFifcNFKs«..loo%ll>l
DoUmeed 6s — 101 bPßßAriids 91% —
MKt-stCbleSsl22V a - 'spRKCaI 6s. 109 115
DoßvLon 05.1068 /8 10ja /4 :>rKKialss. - . 100
Nat Vines Ist — 100 *PBrßCal6s. 97V* —
NevCNgß7s.lo3 105 IsV Water 1183.^120%
NRy Cal 6s. 100% — bVWater4s. Ibo3 luc^/i
NRy Cal 6s. — 95 lbtktnGi£E64 — ' 102%
W »TliK STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 . 39 ISprng Valley 17% 97%
Marin C 0..... — 62 |
CAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
CapltaL — 25 Paeiflo Light 49 —
Central 98% — SFG&EIec. 94% 95%
M fc.iec Light 7 9% —an 1-rancsco 2 4
OakGL&H 64 64% Stockton..... — 20
I'ao oas Imp — 91 |
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fire man'sFd 180 — hun _ _
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS
Anglo-Ca1.... 61 63 I First NatlonI180»il86
Bank of CaL. — 241 i LondonPtfcA.
CalbD.fcTColo7%loß%.MerchEx.... 14 —
RAVIN us HANK STOCKS.
GerfALCo- — 1450 Say A Loan.. _ 105
UumbSAL.llOO — Security 341 —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 15 —
bFsav Union — 476 [
feTRKKT HAII.ROAI SIWIKI.
California.. ..lo6 110 lOakSL&Hay _ 100
Uear;- 5t..... . — 60 Presidio 4% —
Mar^et-51.... 48 *8%
/ fattbi,. STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 17 :GiantCon.... 81% 32%
Calilornia.... 75 — Vlgorit. SOc 90c
Eastern 0.... 80 »7%'
lIISCKLI.ANH.nCTS HTO3KC
Alaska Pkrs. — 104 iNatVlnCo.. _ ><V«
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 nceanlcSSCo 24% 25%
HawC&SCa. 16% 1614 Pac Aux FA — 4
Hutch. s Peo 246/ 8 24=V 4 PacßoraxCa 95 —
MerExAssu- — 110 jl'arf PalntCo — 7
SALES— MORNING SESSION.
Hoard ';';-- '.
25 Hawaiian Commercial. ."...— 16 76
140 Hutchinson s P Co. _ 24 60
52 tl F Gas * Electric Co 95 60
10 .do do 95 37%
10 do do 95 26
40 do uo 95 00
75 8 V Water 97 >7%
$1000 VAX Bonds 100 60
2000 S V A N P Hallway Bonds 100 62%
Mrffi — :\ -' : .
10 Gas it Electric Co 95 50
6000 S V \% Bonds ... 120 12%
SALES AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board . ; >. -.
36 S F oas & Electric Co 95 00
Mr- »:— .- ..:
5000 Contra Costa Water Bonds. 93 00
25 Huicmnson tt P Co. _ ; '*4 62%
3000 Marke' -st Ry Con 5% Bonds ...". 106 60
7a F Gas A Electric Co ' 95 -.0
25 BY Water ... *7 87%
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Oflice. located- in th* Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
exnense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on bant tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all mailers of . Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted aboat ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day- from the
United stales Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on lime, or giving the error, lf any. is
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. s. Hushes.
Lieutenant. U. 3. N.. in charge
The Time Ball. -;•:
I i'RANCIT BTXIRfy»RAPHIO OFrtna XT.~. X. »
. Merchants' Uxckaxsr V
Ban Francisco. February IL 1*37. I
The time ball on TeiegraDa HUI wasaronosl
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the 1203 a
meridian, or exactly m a «, m.. Greenwich lima.
IjfcEgwqßßSaSfaa - W. s. hvseb,
Lieutenant U. 3. N., ln charge.
OCEAN MlAiitliS.
OTKAMKR |I»KJ4TrVATI«IS-. j
»4IW
| PI-.H.
i W.Elder. I Furtla_- ...... j Feb 12.11__|
Mexico. ! ssn Diego...:. | Feb 13.11a_
;ity Peking China & Japan; Feb 13. Ipm i
_rin.4 Coos _ay 'Feb 13. spm j
"orona Humboldtßav Feb 13. in
farallon.... .aoutna Bay. Feb 14. 9am ;
_lty PuebiaiVlc* Pgt Snd Feb 15. 9aM(
lan Joss.. ..Panama. F-b 15.12 m
Kureka Newport *eb 15, 9am ,
-rcata .... 'coos Bay ; Feb 16. 10am
VBlanchard ; Oregon ports.. Feb 16, 9am ;
.ueen. ! San Diego j Feo 17. Ham
Male or Cal. '■ Portland | Feo 17.10 am
.00-Bay... I Newport ;i-eb 1 9 Vau \
j Pier 34
I l'l»r I 1
iPM SS
I Pier 8
! Pier I
! flat 2
I Pier 9
I P MS 6
I Pier 11
: Pier 1 i
I Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
I Pier 11
ir.
or Cal. !
8ay.. . . |
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
■i - AM KB
Do •
Cleone
Czarina
Corona
Farallon
Trnckee
Eureka..
Wellington... .
san Mateo
State of Cat
Doric
City of Para...
Areata
Allceßlancbard
Walla Walla...
Queen
Empire _..
Coos Bar
Australia
Orizaba
Acapu1c0. ......
Mexico
North I- or*. - ...
I Crescent City
I Coos Bay
riumbold: Bay. .........
Vaqulna Hay..
I Portland
Newport. .....
Departure Bay
Comox
I. Portland Bay
Comox
I'ortlana.
Chinaand Japan
I Panama
Coos Bay
Portland
I Victoria <_. Puget Sounl
San Diego
Coos Bay
j .Newnori ......
Honolulu
Mexico.
Panama.
San Diego..
I Humboldt Bar
..Feb 18
..Feb 12
I . Feb 13
..Feb 13
Feb 12
..FeD 13
..Feb 18
..Feb 13
! ..Feb 14
i ..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 15
..Feb IB
..Feb 15
..Feo 17
..Feb 17
..F-eo 17
..Feb 18
..Feo 19
. Feb 20
SUN, 3100» ANU XI »E.
Cxited States Coast akd Geodetic Sitrvey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fokt Point, Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial authority of the Superintendent.
Note— high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twentv
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
February- 18tf 7.
Frida -, February 13.
PnnrfsM 7.031 Moon rises
bun sets 6 47 [Moon sets. 3.37 am
5 j ____ i Feet ___! Feet _____ I Feet j _____ Feet
5 ri 4 1 11. 4\ I ! H ______"
.2 6. Of
L W
.3 1.00 1
14 2.10;
.6 3.07
6 4.0 1 I
17 4.54
H W
18 0.-.o
4.4 i 2.07 —0.1 j 9.501 36j
IB W L, ii
8 2 7.06 4.7 2.49 —0.4
! 3.0 8.08 4.9 3.30 —0.6
! 2.9 9.06 6.0 4.11—07
i 86 10 Oil 6.0 4.52 -0.5
I 80 10.65 6.0 6.34 —0.8
' L W 1 i H W I
! 4.7! 5.43 1.0 11.52 49
1 (I v
1 10.25
i 10.55
i 11.25
11.63
3.8
4.0
4.4
4.6
!
IL" W |
I 20 1
I 0.2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides th*
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tbs
order of occurrence as to time. The second - time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometlmej
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given la subtractlvs
from the depth given by the charts.
hßlt'l'l.ili iM'LLLII/ii.N'UE
Arrive!.
THURSDAY. February 11. )
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men
docino Lumber Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, 33 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen. 61 hours from San
Diego and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall,
Per Kins it Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 31 hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins it Col
Stmr Alameda. Van Oterendorp, 24 days 13
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days is hours
and 16 mm: pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels it
Bros Co.
whip Glory of the Seas, Freeman. 13 days from
Comox; 3250 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir it Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Houle, 14 days from Hono
lulu: sugar, to Welch it Co.
Brig Courtney Ford, McLeod. 12 days from Port
Gamble: 440 M ft lumber, to Pop» it Talbot.
Schr Monterey. Beck. 12 hours from Bowens
Landing; 175 M ft lumber, io F Hey wood.
Schr North Bend. Winkel. 8 days from Wlllapa
Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
NrhrGoama. Djdrlck. 7 days irom Coos Bay;
lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 14 hours from Bow
ens Linding; 100 c s wood, to Pender Bros.
Schr Azalea, Fardellus, 11 days from Seattle;
lumber io Hanson tfc Co
Schr Reliance, Wilson, 24 hours from Flsks
Mill : 70 cds wood, to R a Gilbride it Co.
S-hr King Cyrus, Christiansen. 12 days from
Tacoma; umber, to Hanson it Co,
llSchrGulde. Olscn, 19 days from Wlllapa Har
bor; 200 M It lumber, to Siocktoa Lumber Co. ,
A .4-nrnl
THURSDAY. February 11.
Stmr City of Everett, Laverge, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld Sons.
stmr Ex-elslor Higglns. Guaymas, via Mendo
cino; C A Hooper A Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, Portland ; Oregon Ball
way and Navigation Co.
Fall**,.
THURSDAY. February IL
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgets Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, Newport and way ports.
Stmr Novo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Ptmr Weeott. Milier Mendocino.
Stmr Newsboy, rosen, Usai.
stmr Excels.or, Higglns, Guaymas via Mendo
cino.
Scbr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka
fchr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Eureka.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Feb. IL— lO r. it— Weather
thick; wind S, veloci.y 10 miles.
Charters.
The Br bark Doris loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Calcutta, 57s 6d.
spoken.
Jan g— Lat 15 N, long 26 W, Br bark Balmore,
from Liverpool, for Victoria
Jan 22— On the equator, Br ship Jordanhlll, hnc
Sept 27, for Dunkirk.
Feb 3-Lat 48 N.long 8 W.Br ship Cardiganshire,
from Swansea for San Francisco.
Domestic Hon,
POINT ARENA— Arrived Feb I— Stmr Whites
bora hence Feb 10.
CLALLAM-In bay Feb 9— Br ship Pass of Kll
llecrankle, from Elen.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr jewel, hence
Feb 10. -v.:.- _ . , -.--,-.... •_■
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Feb 9— Scbr Alice
Cooke, from Honolulu. .
. CLEONE— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Alcatraz, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA-SalledFeb 11-Schr Emma Utter
for Sun Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Feb 11-Bktn Eu
reka, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 11— c hli bark Santa Rosa from
Valparaiso.
ALBlON— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Scotia, for San
Fruncl'io.
GREENWOOD- SaUed Feb 11-Stmr Alcazar
for Newport. '
POINT ARENA-Salled Feb ll_stmr Green
wood, tor san Francisco.
FORT ROSS-ArrWed Feb 1 1-Schr Etta B. hce
Feb 7.
sailed Feb 11-Schr Etta B. for San Francisca
Eastern Ports.
- NEW YORK-Cleared Feb ll_Bhlp Manuel
Llaguno. for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 11-Ship AG Rones, hence Oct 13
Sailed Feb 10-v.mr Alliance, for Co.ou.
Forei en Port?.
iffitgffJSa^ Jaß 29 - " ™»* for
bSSSSX? Feb *- Bark Ann,e Joha «>°. «*
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Salled Dec 24-Shln
Santa Clara, for San Fr-inclsc* Dec i-B-Brihi
O.euelvan fo- Oregon Dec 31-Br bark Selkirk
si Ire, for Oregon. Jan la-fir ship crown of Den •
In port Jan 18-Bktn (has V Crocker for Hono
lulu: schrUdaen Shore, for Honolulu; blrk Pal
myra for san rrancisco. .<
Chartered to loal at Newcastle Xs\v_Rr.hin
o ß^hfnV orßa s n IM , eito: bktn EchoT Hon'^
h Js? P i los P° :la '', for San Francisco- Nor
bark Fortune, for Honolulu; Br ship Falls of Foy
ers, for ban Francisco: Br bark In ernlss-shlre
tor san Francisco; Br ship Lamorna forSa^F-ran.:
Cisco; schr Louis, tor Honoluln; scbr Novelty fSr
Honolulu: bark McNear. for San Francisco- bktn
vewsoor, for Honolulu; Br ship fendeen. tor >.?
SS2SS X l hl|i ? eap,?r ' f« Honolulu: bark Top
gallant, tor San rrancisco: schr W H Taloo- tor
"sy^.n-k'-v^: Wm Bo «den. «>r Honolulu *'
SYDNEY— Arrive.i Jan 9— Br bark Darra from
In c Urt a "? *„ I .°- ,Ct1 '- Olg^from Ku%k™
Francisco ° 18 -"«* Harry Morse, for San
Sa^^ncUc°o- ,le<l Feb 10 - * rfc W.lns, for
B S L , Arr,Ved Feb «-*****> Blythswood.
Ja" NaKO ' NG-Arr ' F eb9-Stmr Peru, hnce
fro!,fsr Y f° KT_Amvea Keb " Br bark Sussex,
he nce De^k ' Ved Feb 9 " Br Bb,p Alcln °<».
TM« < i K 9 a *. MA-Arr,ved Feb 9-<tmr City of
' Ri °de Janeiro, hence Jan 23. -■ -
» Jr IlI AS ' 1 '- Arrived Feb 7-Ital ship F S Cl
ampa. hence Sept 6.
Arrived Feb 9-Brshlp Antlope. from
FLEETWOOD- Arrived Feb 9- Br brk Ravens
court, hence Sept 18.
HULL- Arrived Feb 9-Brshlp Sprlngburn, hes
Sept i vr.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 10— Br bark Al
mora, tor F.eetwooi ; Br bark Kllmallle, for Bar
row.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb I— Jap stmr Waka
noura Maru, from Yokoh .ma; ship C F Sargent
from Newcastle. NSW. Feb 2— Bark Albert, hnce
Jan 14. Feb 4— stmr Alameda, from Colonies
sailed Feb I— Bktn J M Griffith, for Pori Towns
end. F'eo 2— Bktn W 11 Dimond. lor San Fran
cisco: Jap stmr Wakanoura Maru. for **ea:ila
Feb 8— Bark Ceylon, for San Francisco. - Feb 4—
Nor bark Andvake, for Port Townsend; bark Mo
hican sails for San Francisco Feb 5.
Movements of Trans- * Mantle Stesmsri
QDEENSTOWN-Salled Feb 11-Stmr Adriatic,
for New York.-mgtgraaaw^t^fc&gaCiMaM
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 11-Stmr Havel, fm
Bremen and Southampton; stmr Germanic, from
Liverpool and Queenstown. ,a
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Feb 11-stm
Trave. - - - • "" r
Sailed Feb 11 stmr Ppree. for New York
suiiei Feo 11 — -HmrWelniar. for Bremen"
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Pel, 10-stm.
Weimar. lmr
GENOA— Sailed Feb 11-Stmr Ems, for New
York. "..' •. * .. * '-VV
Importation*. M
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent Cliy-24 T^r..
meat, 76 pkgs mdse, 8 cs bacon, lv coffee V. -
meal, 31 b iis hides 2 bills pells. — Mft lumber
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— B uk-,,,,,
1 bbl whisky. 133 M ft lumber. -suiJie.
Little Rlv^r— 6 pkgs mil 3 e.
Point Arena -50 cds wood. 7 cs eggs, Jlv~ h _
butter, 6 bb.a butter, 6 bxs fish, 16 pkgs uidTa
SAN DIEGO— Per Mexico— IHS pkgsmdse bii
cs mineral water. 67d cs oranges, 1 bd; huri ar , i
cs castings, 1 csunderwesr. 477 bxs lemons i „
underwear, 15 pkgs motors. 1 cs grape fruit 'ti
pcs curbstone, 4 pkgs tangerines 4 bxs limes' ii
crts Ironing machinee. '• il
Redondo-23 bxs butter. 11 pkgs mdse. 7 , ...,,,.
tors, 13 rolls ma ting. 1 cs books. 3 sks rem ni T
cs dry goods, 15 pkgs c ectric machinery, ja,,.
sweet potatoes. 229 lulls hld^s, 4 bxs lomoaj ■*?.'
oranges. 4 bxs lemons. ' oui
Port Los Angeles— 6l bxsoranges. 1 b.x frui- *.
cs scales, 98 pkgs furniture. 45 sks peas. 60 b'bl«
wine. 3 bxs type, 4 bxs squash, 8 bxs tomatoes
Santa Barbara— l cschoese, 7 pkgsmdse < n
pkgs furniture, 85 bxs lemons. 3 bxs batter, •> bb
olives. ' " Uols
Port Harford— 63 bxs butter, 82 cs i-^sn. i h
clothing. 1 bdi dry pelts, 27 bdls hiae«, •> bx« *
ware. Ibx clothing, 1*» ts cheese. 1 coop „,.• T
coop poultry, 4 coops chickens. 5 bxs Urgeys. 277
Sks beans, 14 dressed calves, 6 bxs fish. _■-,'
SYDNEY— Per Alameda— 343 bales wool inn
bales skins. 8 pkgs wool sa moles, 158 pkc, 'w r "°
pers, 14 drums glycerine, 6cs arsenic, 2 cs «„,.„
lyptus oil. 17 empty cylinders, 154eraDty hi,
kegs, 4 bxs birds, 2 cs seed, 21 pkgs md -,-. r
Auckland— 6B pkgs gum. 16 sks coilee, 1 D)r _
md?e. *»
Apia— l 629 pkgs copra, 4 bxs fruit. 1 pk X curios.
Honolulu— 9ol6 bags sugar, 89 cs" pines, 1137
pkgs bananas. 1 corpse, 8 pkgs mdse.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 6 sks seaweed, 1 b lg
fish. '
Moss Landing— 2 cs eggs. 560 sks potatoes.
Santa Cruz— l bx soap, 5 bxs butter, cs cheese.
800 bois lime. 1 top buggy.
Pigeon Point— s7 drums cheese, 2 bxs butts.- 50
sks potatoes, IS sks onions.
Consignees.
Per Gipsv— Kowalsky it Co: Dairymen's Union ■
Brigham, Hopped: Co; Dodge. Bweener A Co- a\v
Fi g; Hills Bros: Norton, Teller it Co; E Meyers
<t Co; Standard Oil Co ; LG Sresovlch it Co; a l
Smith: OB Smith A Co; HCowellifcCo; John
Lowrie; M s Simas.
Per Alameda— J D Spreckels it Bros Co; c F
Heise; W H Campbell: Bank of British North
America: Eva Fulton; Willamette Pulp A Paper
Co: T W R Graham; Standard Biscuit Co; Geo
Hermann; Cox Seed and Plant Co; DB Walker;
Oelricbs it Co: II 61 Newhall it Co: Brooke, ru
ley <S Co: Wleland Brewing Co; Si m Jones: W A -*
Cooper; Wells. Fargo it Co; Anglo-California'
Bank; G Evans; order; Williams, Dimoud i Co:
A Chesebrougb; Academy of Sciences: Garcia A
Mng^lni; M s Grinbaum it Co; Wetmore Bros: M
Gray ; Eveleth A Nash: L G Sresovich«fc Co- Thi
Bu terick Pub Co; C T Wilson; 1. Seatena it Co.
Per Crescent City— Standard Oil Co: JH Wood
it Co; Nathan Joseph: Enterprise Brewery; Thos
Lough ran ;• Chicago Brewery ; Broadway Brewery ■
Baker it Hamilton; Norton, Teller it Co- Hobbs.'
"Wall A Co; W B .-sumner A Co.
Per Pol Arena— Standard Oil Co; Dallemand
A Co: Falrmount Restaurant: Both it Co: Baker
it Hamilton; Mendocino Lumber Co; Dennison
\>ils in A Co; Boss <t Hewlett; Bo lift's tt Gerdau;
C t: Whitnev it <o: Martin, Feusler Co; A.
Newfleid: A Paladlnl; Dodge. Sweeney it Co.
Per Mexico— srn Francisco Breweries: stauffer
& Co: Wetmore Bros: Kohler A Frohling; M A
Schrock; A W McFarland: John Tavlor: Gray it
Barbieri; F S Dow: L Seatena it Co; Johnson-
Locke Mer CO: Wolf it S>n ; Dv.ion Bros: John
Murray; J Demartint it Co; D Biagi & Co; H H
Emerson; Campodonica t Malcolm; Ewleth &
Nash: A Oa'li Fruit Co; Flynn A Tracy; Good it
J. 11 din; Bell it Co: ChiisW Oestlng: < ; eo Starr
A Co; J Ivancovich it Co; H O Greenhovd; H A
Wright; Gordon ttCo; J Hendr*.- & . o:' J* Lee;
Imm?l it Co; Geo H Tay it Co: Pac C*n Co; Jon n
F Gopher; W F Smith ; A Jonas: C W Hod on; D
E Allison & Co; E Schott; Freeman itLeeman;
General Elect Co: Heller it Bacbmai ; B D Briy :
J V Ulrlchs: Jas Richardson ; J W Gale it l o; W
R Knights A Co: A M Stott: San Fnneiseo Regis
ter Co; Lan as berg it Co; Amer Press a ssn; H J
Shlnn: Minaker banks; Whitaker ifcKav;
McD^nough it Runyon: OMCamphel; Union
oil Co: Henderson. Brown it Co; Douge, Sweeney
it Co: M Levi-: Goldberg. Bowsu <t to: Marshall
it Relmers: Dairymen's Uni • 1 : 11 Klrchmann it
Co; Wheaton, Breon it Co; Blssinger it Co: Hills
Bros; J CBateman; Phelps it Adams: Hllmer,
Bredhoff it Pchulz; M T Freltas: FB Halght: U
Jacobson: 8 Levy Co: Labor Exchange: Jnd
i-ou Fruit Co: Russ. Sanders it Co; W c Pri ce A
Co: A Failles: Pacific Coast Fish Co: J H Ki-sslng:
G Camlllohi it Co; J B lugu^lia: L D Stone it Co;
J P Thomas.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAS^JTEAfISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AflT
wharf, San Franclsca as follows: .S&scE
For Mary Island, Coring, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
Itsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 23.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C. Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. A nacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9a. x.
Feb. 4, 10, 15. 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R. \
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum- '
boldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. it., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17. 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter. • ■ 1
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncos,
Fort Harford (ban Luis Obispo), Gaviota, ftauta
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, Kan Pedra East sai
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. at 9 a. m.
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For ''an Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), .-anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 6. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
lor Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba 10
a. x. 25th of each month.
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
' 10 Market St., San Franclsca
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TL Al>ff I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. ic.
FA "PIT/* l2 First-class \ Including
-£x.Xl'XL'l«6 Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George TV. Elder Feb. 12, 23
State of California Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through Übkets and through baggage to all
Eastern polflie. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion 10
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. ■
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS tfi: CO.. Superintendents
PHBIIBBBfI &S. AUSTRALIA for
d&Sfli«2C HON OLULU only.
'C*"" 11 Tuesday. February 23.
M■" at 2p. v. Special party
isfMrTlMlin J The H. 8. ALAMEDA
0)l«_.ll_JlllU , - / sfc u s via HONOLULU
- (dßWmli- » nl * AUCKLAND for
VyilfJUlCq^ SYDNEY. Thursday,
March 4, at 2 p. it.
Line to COOLG ARDIB, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS <£ BROS. CO. Agents,
114 Montgomery street
Freight ntflce. 327 Marb»t «t.. ■<«•< --nil..-™
COMPAGHIE GENERAL TRASSATL.U W«
French. Une to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42NOKTFI [MBm
I River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ***HK
this line avoid both transit by English railway ana l
the discomfort of crossing the channel lnasniayj|
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Parity
first class $160. second class $116. [
LA BOURGOGNE Feb. 20. 6 a. sc.
LA CHAMPAGNE FeU 27, 8:30 a.m.
LAOASCOGNE March 6. 6a.sc.
UA BRETAGNE March IS. 8 a.m.
DA NORMAXDIE Mar.'n '.0, 5 a.*.
tar For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
3. T. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ■ .
WHITE STAR LHE.
Dotted Stales and Royal Hall Steamer)
BKTWKKX
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVKiii \i^DK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD ACCORD- /k*.
ing to steamer and accommodations ■■■■■
selected: second cabin. $12 50 and 60: Majt-s.ii
and Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England. 1.-« v
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Ticket^
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY. Pacific Mall Dock, oral the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market stream
nnder Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
■ General Agent tor Pacific LoasU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 I*, M. Daily. Freight received up
to >::»« P. il.
KS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only line seillm: through tickets and giving
through "freight rates to, all poin.s oa Valley
Railroad. '-'.' „„__.__
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. f.'iw'J s.'".' .
Mary Garratt. City or Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. CaL Nay. and Impt. Oa
FOR VALLEJO AID U. S. lATY-VARII
. STEAMER ••MONTICELLO." -stf?. ;
Daily ex. Saturday tfc Sun.. 10:30 a. St. and 4 p » 1
Saturdays M "10:30 a. v., 4 P. iw
Sundays 3 r. ■*.
Landing Mission-stree- Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Biack 261.
Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy- Yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, 1.08 GATOS & SAUTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
day. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 TtL. i visa
1 uesdav. Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p. if MMM
and Passenger, tare between «an FrfnciSi an*
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose, 76a oir Sl. *?« fc
Itu W. buM Clataiv, baa Jo*a ** *WRESTED BY A
HOBO CONSTABLE
Two Respectable Young
Men Required to Prove
Their Standing.
Constable Black Gets Into a
• Little Complication at San
Leandro.
Was Masqu racing as a Tramp Near
the Banks cf the
Creek
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 11. J
Frank O'Connor and Harry Baker, two
respectable young men of San Leandio,
were arrested the other night by a man
who appeared to be a tramp, but who i
proved to be a Constable. The two young j
fellows were placed under arrest for being
vagrants, and after they had proved, to
the satisfact.on of the ambitious Constable
that they were young men who stood high
in the community they were reluctantly
"released; but they have not dropped the
matter.
i Constable Black of Fruitvale is the man
'■A who made the unfortunate mistake. When
\Biack goes gunning for tramps and the
- consequent mileage and fees he disguises
himself. H« puts on an old suit of
clothes, throws a blanket over his shoulder
and in the genuine garb of the "hobo" he
saunters along the creeks aud favored
spots of Eden Township where tramps are
likely to he found.
This ruse of his has been very success
ful; out on the occasion of the arrest of
O'Connor and Baker it may get the ambi
tious Constable into trouble. The lens de
clare t:iat they were simply walking by
■ the creek, as respectably as any citizen
■ could, when Black suddenly pounced on
them and placed them under arrest. It
was necessary for them to go into San
' Leandro and have themselves thoroughly
ident.tied before the Constable could be
- persuaded that be had made a mistake.
The residents of San Leandro are not at
all satisfied with tnese amp excursions.
They di clare that Constable Wellman,
who employs Black as a deputy, was
elected by the Populist vote, and that
part of their platform was mat a man was
not a criminal because he could not ob
tain honest employment. A lew weeks
ago Back had two tramps unaer arrest,
and when crossing the railroad track he
• slipped, and a bowie-knife which he had
' stuck in bis belt ran into bis hip and
caused a very serious wound. Instead of
making their escape, as they might easily
have done, one of the tramps ran to Hay
wards and flagged a train and thus pre
vented Back irom bleeding to death. The
trip on which the San Leandro youths
were arrested was ihe first after Black was
abie to be out, by r ason oi his injury,
■" and in the matter of fees it dees not ap
pear that he fared any better than on his
former unlucky trip.
WISH TO SELL CHURCH
IS widish Methodists to Leave
* Their Pioneer House of
Worsh p.
Will Move to Pretenious Quarters
N ar the Center of the
t City.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
. " 908 Broadway, Feb. 11 f
After an existence of thirteen years the
Swedish Methodist Episcopal church,'
which has for a long time been worship
ing in a remote part of town, has become
sufficiently strong, financially and numer
itally, to justify it locating near the center
of the city. It has petitioned the Superior
Court for permission to sell its property at
Tenth and Center streets, so that it can
purchase the First Chris. Church at
. Thirteenth and Market streets.
About thirteen years ago nil the Swedes,
Norwegians and Danes who worshiped
under the banner of Methodism united in
one congregation and worshiped in a little
church on Market street. After a time
the Swedish element separated from the !
rest and laid the spiritual foundation of
. the present church in a little room in the
rear of the Second Congregational Church %
Mr. Elniing, a local preacher, was the
first pastor, and he was succeeded by Rev.
Mr. Sandnolt. During the iatter's mm
istry the lot where their church now
stands was purchased, and soon afterward
the church was erected.
" ,At fir.' t tbe new church had twenty-five
members, and under the care of Rev. Mr.
Carlanuer it reached its height. Then
c: me Rev. • Mr. Liijegren, whose sensa
tional divorce trial ended in separating
• from his wile, known as the "Swed
ish Nightingale," and this helped to in
jure the church. About the same time
. 4**« Woodworm craze came along and tur
ner detracted from the church's progress.
• Key. Mr. D vidson presided over the
.nhurch for the following year, and was the
first Swedish presiding elder of the dis
trict, which, being under the jurisdiction
of the American Bishop, had heretofore
been presided ov?r by an American elder.
• The Rev. Mr. (berg, the present pas
tor, has built tiie church up rapidly until
it now has a large congregation, and their
hopes are all centered in purchasing the
First Christian Church, in which the
Swedish congregation expects to worship
about the firs;, of March.
The dedicatory ceremonies will be con
ducted by Bishop X-wman, who is a great
iavorite with the congregation.
The old church site has already found a
purchaser, and the Swedish Methodists
will complete the deal as soon as the two
churches interested obtain permission to
tell their respective properties.
The Rev Mr. Wahlberg has already
planned to improve the new church by
planting palms around it, making a new
entrance and repainting. The present
trustees of the church are Messrs. Torn
blora, Nyhu, Herman, Lindgren and
Hawkins.
Exposition in Danger.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 11.— Early this
morning fire was discovered in the yard
of the Exposition building. The depart
ment turned out, when it was found that
the blaze had not done any serious dam
age and had originated by tbe firing of
some rubbish swept out of the building.
Had the flames not been discovered when
they were the dry old building would
dlpubtiess have disappear d. 7.^;
9 High School Kuthet Restrained. .
'OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 11.— Principa!
McChesney of the. High School has is«ued
an order prohibiting all rushes between
the senior classes within the precincts of
the school. The order takes effect next
Monday morning. &HQHG
The principal has received a promise
frn^n one of the classes that it would sac
rifice the delight of rushes for the sake of
the school, but the other class was obdu
rate, and said that rushing was one of
their rights. A compromise has therefore
baen effected between the principal and
the class. Be ween 3:45 o'clock Tbursdav
afternoon and 8:45 Friday morning, and
between- 3:45 Friday afternoon and 8:45
Monday morning, the two classes must
settle all feuds, past, present or future.
Outside of these limits rushing is abso
lutely prohibited.
A DISASTER AVERTED.
Fire Caused by 1 lectricitv in the Me
chanics' Building at the State
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 11.— Another
disaster by fire at the State University
similar in cause and effect but involving
greater risk to life and property than the
one of two days ago was barely prevented
this afternoon. Homer Parker, a student
in the department of mechanical engin
eering, in turning on the heavy circuit of
electricity placed the plug in the wrong
terminal on the switchboard. This error,
which was caused on account of the dark
ness in the room, produced directly the
opposite effect on the rheostat from that
de? red, with the result that 1000 volts of
the electric fluid was diverted on to the
wrong wire.
This caused the sparks to fly in every
direction from the resistance-box, and
soon the box and switchboard were ablaze.
Before water could be turned on from the
hydrant in the interior of the building the
entire wall within the switchboard in
closure was ablaze, completely destroying
the resistance-box, the switchboard itself
and a number of small conducting wires.
Had the alternator been in use when tbe
stieam of water was turned on the burn
ing re-istance-box the student holding the
hose would have been electrocuted, as the
current would have reached him through
tbe water and up the hose with almost
the same force as if he held in his hand a
live wire transmitting a thousand voltage
current. .-.....;
The damage to the apparatus and build
ing is m the neighborhood of $100.
Going to the Debate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 11.— party
of seventy-five students will leave to-mor
row afternoon for Palo Alio to attend the
Carnot debate which will be held at Stan
ford University to-morrow evening. Most
of tbem will remain for the nignt, while
some will take the late train, returning
to San Francisco about midnight.
The three debaters from Berkeley,
Marks, Fryer and Overstreet — are in
readiness lor the combat of words, and
they promise the Stanford boys a hard
struggle. They *eeni determined that the
! medal shall go to Berkeley again tbis
year, as it did last.
. Drenched With Vitriol.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 11.— C. L. Gil
man, foreman of the supply department
of the chemistry building at the State
University, narrowly escaped a horrible
death this morning. While carrying a
carboy of concentrated sulphuric acid, or
oil of vitriol, from the street into the
storeroom he slipped on the stone floor
and dropped the glass yes-el, receiving she
greater part of its contents on his trousers
and shoes. A number of students who
! were standing near by saw what had oc
! cur and turned the hose on Gilman,
I thus neutralizing ihe vitriol and prevent
i ing it from burning through to the skin.
i Had it not been for their timely action
j Gilman would probably have been burned
!to death. As it was he escaped without
severe injury beyond a considerable scare,
but with the loss of his shoes and troupers,
which were utterly eaten up. ,
In Secret Session.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 11.— The Board
of Trustees met in executive S'ssion to
night and ussed the proposition of
water rates for the ensuing year. Tbe
laundry ordinance was also thoroughly
discussed. The latter is intended to com
pel the Chinese in business to g t out of
town, but it is a question whether this can
be done without driving out all laundries.
The City Attorney was called upon to de
cide the matter. The Trustees also con
sidered City Electrician Wiese's report
upon the cost of supplying the narrow
gauge mole with Incandescent lights. The
figures will be submitted to the railroad
company.
Her Ninetieth Anniversary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 11.— Mrs. Debo
rah F. Wood of this city has just ceieurat
• d her ninetieth birthday anniversary at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. M.
Dutcher, 1113 Parn street. Tbe aged lady
is a native of New York. She was born in
1807. In 1862 she came to California and
bus lived in this city the past ten years.
She has five children living, twenty-nine
grandcniidren ana forty -five great-grand
children.
Stricken With Paralysis.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 11.— Mrs. E. H.
Maniell oi 1213 Pacific avenue is at Santa
Barbara suffering .rom a second attack of
paralysis Some time ago she had a
stroke. She started last Tuesday lor Los
Angeles for the benefit of her health. On
the way she had a second stroke and was
removed to a hotel from the steamer upon
its arrival at Santa Barbara. Her friends
here are very anxious.
Not the Only Burglar.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. 11.— The arret
of John Evans bas not been followed, as
was expected, by a cessation of burglaries.
Lust nicht the thief who entered the
Juanita Hotel Monday came back and fin
ished tne job of visiting the rooms. Sev
eral small sums were tasen from clothing
hanging in the wardrobes and some jew
elry is also missing. Two strange men
were seen in the house, but no one knows
who they were.
The hand of the man of average size is
six to eight inches in length; that of the
woman from ] to \% inches smaller.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 11.— The immense foundations for the elaborate Old Ladies' Home, planned by Sister Superior Russell of San Francisco, have been com
pleted over a year at Frultvale, and now that the period of depression which has settled over the country for the past two years is passing off it is hoped tbat the
necessary funds can be raised to complete the building. Wh%nit was started there was a prospect thai by the time th foundations were completed enough money
would be in hand to go ahead with the work, but the great desire of Sister Superior Russell received a check from untoward circumstances, and work was discon-
Unued, as it was not considered advisable to incur financial responsibility. One of those most interested in the home said yesterday tint the elaborate foundation
presents a standing appeal to those who are wasting money lavishly on all manner of social functions to place a little of their wealth where it would benefit
their fellow-beings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ODD OFFICIAL
COMPLICATIONS
Two Fire Chiefs in Berke
ley Where There Should
Be One.
. . .
Ott Appointed to a Position
Which Seems Never to Have
Been Vacant.
McClain, Who Has Been in Office Ten
Years, R.ses and Demands an
Explanation.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. IL— fire
chief agitation bas taken a new and un
expected turn, and now the Board of Trus
tees is confronted by the prospect of a suit
Joseph McClain, Who Has Been Fire Chief for Ten Years, and
August L. Ott, Who Was Elected Fire Chief a Few-
Nights Ago. Both Claim the Office
for back salary alleged to be owing to the
old incumbent of the office.
The appointment of A. L. Ott has roused
Joseph McClain, who was made chief ten
years ago, and who declares that he is chief
yet and proposes to find out why a suc
cessor was summarily appointed without
notification to him.
"I don't propose to have them ride over
me like that," said McClain to-day. "I
was appointed fire chief ten years ago and
have never resigned, nor have I been no
tified of my removal from office. For four
years I served at a salary of $10 per
month. Then I worked for nothing, never
drawing my salary. Now there is six
years' pay due me, and unless the town
board i ays me or makes some explanation
I shall put my claim in the hands of an
attorney.
"Simply because I have not been mak
ing demands for my salary is no reason
why it should be decided that I have not
been serving. I have acted as chief and
have turned out to every fire, and do not
propose to stand the treatment I have re
ceived."
McClain was appointed under the old
ordinance organizing a lire department.
The present Board of Trustees have passed
a new law creating a department. The
records of tbo town do not show that Mc
clain's resignation was ever offered, or
that be has ever been formally removed
from office.
In the scramble of candidates for the
office the tact has been entirely over
looked that McClnin was still chief of tne
department. The passage of anew law re
creating the Fire Department of Berkeley
repeals the old ordinance and thus invali
dates the old appointment of McCain.
He proposes accordingly to bring the
matter up at the next meeting of the Town
board with a view of righting matters.
Meanwhile Chief Ott. who was appointed
last Tuesday night, is assuming control of
tbe department and is planning for its
improvement.
Buried in a Sewer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 11.— John Frier,
who is working in the sewer trench being
dug on Eleventh street, near Broadway,
was buried tbis morning by ihe earth
caving in. He was at once dug out by his
fellow-workmen and fifteen minutes later
was free. He did not feel any bad effects,
but it is thought he must have been in
jured internally. He was attended toby
a doctor and taken heme.
Right of Free Speech.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 11.— John Lon
don was in the Pol cc Court to-day
charged with violating the ordinance
against b pea icing in the public streets
without a permit from the authorities.
His case went over until to-morrow, and
will result in testing the ordinance pro
hibiting public speaking except under
certain conditions.
MAEOH OF CHRISTIANS.
Unique Parade in Connection With the
Munball Itevtval.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. IL— To-morrow
evening the great street parade of young
Christians, which originated with and has
been engineeied by Evangelist Munball,
will take place. All the young people's
societies of the various churches will
unite in a unique religious demonstra
tion.
This is the first attempt to have a Chris
tian Endeavor parade in California, and
Dr. Munball, who is always on the look
out for original methods which can be
made to serve a good purpose, has ar
ranged for ihis parade to he one of the
features of the present revival.
Members will gather at the First Meth
odist Church and will march down Four
teenth street to Washington, down Wash
ington to Seventh and along to Broadway,
where they will march to Fourteenth
street again and along to the Presbyterian
Church. The procession will start
promptly at 7 o'clock, so as to be at the
church in time for the meeting at 7:30.
The St. John's Church Boys' Brigade
Drum Corps will head the line, and will
be followed by the pastors of the various
churches. Then will come the different
societies, eac < marching by itself, under
its own banner.
A great effort is beine made to have JOCO
people in line, and it is believed this can
be attained. While the members are
marching along the street they will sing
special songs.
The Smallest Tramp Yet.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 11.— Willie Han
son, a little boy tramp in short trousers
who looks about 12. > ut says he is 17, was
brought to the County Jail this morning
by a constable. He is the smallest inmate
that was ever placed in "Vag alley." He
is full of the slang and stories of the road
and has evidently traveled free for a long
time.
Jordan on " The Sober Blind. "
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 11. — Next
Wednesday evening President Jordan is
to lecture at Hamilton Hall upon "A
Sober Mind," and the recent criticisms
made upon his discourse at Berkeley,
when he incidentally referred to religious
revivals.
THROUGH GROVE STREET.
Hayes Valley Improvers Contemplate
a I', l«- vin d to the Park.
The members of the Hayes Valley Im
provement Club have taken bold of a
scheme to open Grove street through
Alamo square.
. At the meeting held in Mowry's Hall
Wednesday this scheme, which has been
contemplated for years, assumed some
thing like a definite form.
Casper Zwieriein, on being called upon
for an opinion as tothe probable cost of
grading Grove street from Steiner to Scott,
a distance of two blocks, staled that pur
suant to the resolution passed by tbe Su
pervisors in 1&90, at which the opening of
the street had been authorized, it was
stipulated that tbe grade should conform
to that of the park, since which time the
park bad been cut down to grade; conse
quently the expense would not be large
and could be easily met by the property
owners on the street.
A committee was appointed to obtain
the co-operation of the persons owning
property on that street. It is composed
of W H. Middlehorffe, Armour McLaugh
lin, A. Parker, J. Peters, C. Zwierlein and
William Currier. They wiil prepare a
prospectus and have it delivered to each
property-owner from Larkin to Baker
streets, and at the same time will invite
them to attend the next meeting of the
cinb, when final action will be taken upon
this undertaking.
A. A. Reiter spoke upon the necessity of
having Grove street declared a boulevard,
over which p-rsons can go direct to
Golden Gate Park without the necessity
of having to cross any of the streets over
which str?Gtcars now travel.
These ideas meet with the unanimous
approval of the members of the club.
WANT A STATUE
FOR ALVARADO
San Pablo Wants Honor for
the Ex- Governor From
the Native Sons.
Contra Costa County Evidently
Thinks the Legislature Should
Make an Appropriation.
Made History on This Soil Before
California Was Accepted as a
State.
Oakland Office San Fbancibco Call.)
90S Broadway, Feb. 11. J
The residents of San Pablo are desirous
of seeing a monument erected in' some
suitable portion of this State to perpetuate
the memory of ex-Governor Juan Ban
tlsta Aivarado, student, soldier and
Governor, who died fourteen years ago at
his home in the city that is now anxious
to honor mm. "."r.
The idea was suggested by the effort
now being made to btain an appropria
tion for the erection of a statue to Colonel
Baker in Golden Gate Park. The resi
dents of San Pablo say that they do not
object to the raising oi a monument to
Colonel Baker, Robert Burns or any other
worthy or illustrious dead, but they do be
lieve that those who have bad the good
fortune to have been born here should show
their appreciation of the men wbo helped
to develop tbis State, and who figured
prominently in its early history, before
they take steps to honor men of other
nations, whose connection with California
is but general.
A. Dalton Jr., the editor of the Contra
Costa News, is advocating the Aivarado
memorial. "California is but a young
State," said he, "and its history dates
back but a short period prior to its admis
sion in 1850. For thirty years before that
date there was no man in California better
known or more respected and honored
than Juan B. Aivarado. His memory
should be honored by the erection of a
statue in Golden Gate* Park, or some other
place; and 1 desire to call the attention of
all native sons to this matter, and trust
that toey will seriously consider it and
take immediate steps to have erected a
suitable monument to a native Californian
who figured so prominently. There are
many native sons in the State Legislature
who sbould endeavor to obtain an appro
priation for such a purpose.
"When ex-Governor Aivarado died the
Society of California Pioneers passed
some resolutions which should find an
abiding place at the base of such a monu
ment. He was born in California long be
fore the American occupation was thought
of. After the treaty of 1348 he cheerfully
accepted the new order of things and be
came and ever remained a faithful Ameri
can citizen. The ground on w ich the
church and schoolhouse stand in San
Pablo was a gift from the deceased to the
parish, and his remains now repose in
Mountain View Cemetery. The story of
his life is tbat of a brave man under whose
rule this territory flourished, end native
sons should delight in honoring him."
MAY MODIFY THE RULE-
Regulation Concerning -Measles the Sub
ject of Some Inquiry and Discuidion.
The Board of Health may modify its
regulation concerning the exclusion of
children from school lor a period of thirty
days upon the showing that measles or
other contagious disease has existed in
the family. The present rule is that no
child residing in the family or in the
same house where a contagious disease
has been shall be permitted to attend
school "until the Health Officer certifies
that a period of tnirty days' probation has
ended."
The modification may ba in favor of
measles, which disease has afflicted
several hundreds of children in the past
six weeks. In a large family one child
could hardly recover before another came
down. The child who has recovered fir*,
is shut out for thirty days on his or her
own account, and may possibly be shut
out another thirty days on account of
other members of the same family. The
matter has caused much inquiry by
parents. •
IMPROVING ALAMO SQUARE.
Plan Suggested by Mr. McLaren Which
Will -Vake the Ground Ornamental.
John McLaren has filed with the Board
of Supervisors his plan for the improve
ment of Alamo Square. He reports that
he has provided two good places where
visitors' may be protected from tho wind.
He proposes to take advanta c of a bank
near the east end of the square to plant
a.onir its entire length a cypress hedge,
and behind the hedge he will groun pines,
eucalyptus and cypress trees. In front of
this will be an area of gravel, which will,
in time, form a mcclv protected play
ground for children. By a small amount
of cut and by planting the hedge and
trees, a very good shelter will be formed.
Mr. McLaren suggests a system of drain
age, which provides for sloping the ground
from every point upward toward the cen
ter of the tquare, with steps at the en
trances where the slopes are too steep to
admit of a tood walk. He also proposes a
plan for watering the square, and says
that the square can be made quite an or
nament to t c surrounding neighborhood
at a comparatively low cost.
LOUIS JAMES TO' AID.
Elaborate Preparations for the Girls'
High School Concert.
The necessary preparations for the
Girls' High School concert, to be held in
the auditorium of the school building on
February 19. are beine zealously carried
on. The ushers and reception committee
have been chosen from among the mem
bers of the senior class.
Miss Edith Thatcher and Miss Isabel
Long will open the concert witn a piano
duet. The rest of the programme will be
rendered by volunteer artists and profes
sionals.
One of the most attractive features of
the concert will be the quarrel scene from
"Julius Caesar," to be played by the
eminent actor, Louis James, and Guy
Lindsley, who have most kindly offered
their services. Several others have of
fered, but tbe executive committee, hav
ing the programme already filled, are
sorry that they a c unable to accept them.
BATTLE MOUNTAIN GRADE
An Old Controversy Urged With
Considerable Warmth
Yesterday.
Oae of tbe Many Subjects Tbat Gay
the Street Committee a Fall
Day of Work.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors bad a large, not to say enthu
siastic crowd of petitioners to listen to
yesterday afternoon. Eloquence ran riot
and many thoughts and facts concerning
Liberty Hill grade were presented forthe
consideration of the Supervisors. The
property-owners and residents were pres
ent by scores. Attorneys argued and
property-owners explained.
The story of Lberty Hill has been told
sc often and so acrimoniously that the lo
cality has sometimes been called "Battle
HilL" New tacts were presented yester
day. The room grew warm with the heat
of those who argued for and against the
grade which has been proposed. The rep
resentatives of tbe Association of Im
provement Clubs were present. Mr. Mul
lany made earnest and humorous re
marks. Mr. Sherer was earnest. Several
ladie-. spoke.
Finally, after the committee had lis
tened three hours, the matter was taken
under consideration, the committee prom
ising to visit tbe locality — Sanchez street.
Tne" improvement clubs have asked that
the street be opened through.
A great deal of routine business was
transacted by the committee yesterday.
Tue following work recommended by the
Street Superintendent was approved by
the committee:
Cards alley, from Stockton westerly, to be
paved with bitumen; Eureka, between Twen
tieth and Twenty-first, paved with b<salt;
crossing of Filbert and- Leavenworth, paved
with bitumen ; also oi Dolores and Nineteenth
also oi Bryant and Eleventh; Florida, be
tween Twentieth and Army, graded and
macadamized; Precita avenue, between Ala
bama and Army, graded and macadamized;
a pipe sewer in Precita avenue, between Ala
bama and Army; pipe- sewer to Florida, be
tween Twenty-sixth and Army; brick sewer
in Mason, between Beach and Jefferson; stone
sidewalks on the crossing of chestnut and
Powell; also on Leavenworth and Union; on
Jones and Union; on Twenty-second, between
Noe and Castro, and on the corner of Mont
gomery avenue and Newell.
Awards for street work were recom
mended as follows:
Grading the crossing of Capitol avenue and
Broad street, J. L. Blanchard, $235; paving
the cross ng of Broderick' and Eddy, ban
Francisco Paving Company, $700; also, of the
crossing oi Thirteenth avenue aiid Alpine, J.
R. Morton, $900; a.go, of Thirteenth, from
Devisadero to Castro, Williams, Belser & Co.,
$1200; also, ol Thirteenth and Devisad
Wihiams, Belser & Co., $940; also, of Thir
teenth and Castro, Williams, Belser & Co.,
$900; sidewalks on Army, D tween Church
an.i Sanchez, if. F. Sum van, $125; sidewalks
on Alabama, irom Tiventx-sixih to Precita av
enue, Williams, Belser A Co., $700; also, on
Djvisade.o, Between Walter and Thirteenth,
Flinn & Treacy, $300; sewer in Thirteenth,
between Castro and Diamond, Thomas Clarke,
$500; same in the crossing of Alpine, Williams,
8e..-eret Co., $375; sewer ln tue cr ssinr of
Thirteenth and » astro, Thomas Clarke. $205;
j also, in Thirteenth and Devisadero, fors32o.
Adolph Sutro spoke at some length con
cerning the improvement of the district
south of Golden Gate Park. In his opin
ion no sewers should be built in that sec
tion until a survey of the whole section
has first been made. Then, as another
preliminary, the question concerning the
disposal of the sewage should be decided.
The 'Street Superintendent wa»author
ized to sign a contract with Warren &
Malley for the macadamizing of the cross
ing of" Webster and Francisco for 8 cents a
square loot.
it was decided to recommend that the
Market-street Railway Company be per
mitted to construct a turnout at Kearny
and Montgomery avenue. ': .ii. . .
The Street Superintendent was directed
to start the wort of grading Lobos street,
betwern Plymouth and Capitol.
J. G. Harney was granted permission to
pave Guerrero, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third, with bitumen* by pri
vate contract, and the City Street Im
provement Company was granted permis
sion to pave Lard, between Van Ness
and Lyon, with bitumen, by private con
tract. ";.■""'
The petition of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club, requesting that the
franchise cf the North Beach and 'Mission
Railroad Company be declared null, on
account of the failure of the company to
complete the construction of the road,
was referred to the City Attorney for his
opinion as to thepowcrof the board.
The proposed grading of Broderick, be
tween Green and Union, was postponed
for three months. The appeal of the Pa
cific Paving Company from the assess
ment for the paving of Ash avenue, be
tween Lacuna and Buchanan, was set for
hearing on March 15. The work of pavintc
Filbert, from Steiner to Pierce, was post
poned for six month?.
CATHERINE SWEET GUILTY.
Judge Carroll Cook Sustains the Beei-
slon of Judge Conlan.
Judge Carroll Cook yesterday affirmed
the decision of Judge Conlan in declaring
Catherine Sweet guilty of disturbing the
peace. In -rendering judgment JuJge
Cools said: ''This case comes to this court
upon appeal irom the Police Court of this
City and County. As claimed by the Dis
trict Attorney section 415 of .the Penal
Code provides that the offense of disturb
ing the peace is committed when a person
maliciously and willfully disturbs the
peace or quiet of any person by, among
other things, tumultuous or offensive con
duct. •■• ■
"The various provisions of the section
are laid in the disjunctive, and constitute
hut one offense when conjointly alleged.
Under the well-known rale that when a
statute enumerates a series of acts, either
.of which senarate or altogether may con
stitute an offense, all ol such acts may be
Auction Sales
> . ~ ~
CUAS. LEVY & CO., IUCTIOIEE&3.
Salesrooms— 1 135 Market Streoß.
THIS DAY.
Friday February 12. 1897«
At 10 o'clock a. m . at Salesrooms.
1135 MARKFT ST.. bet. 7th .ml Btti,
WS WILI. HULL
AN £1,1 GANT LINK Of FURNITURE.
Carpets, Stove, and ranges. Crockery, Glassware,
Bedding, Mirrors, Show cas s, etc
CHAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
THIS DAY (l- riday), the 12th da - of February,
l»y7. at 1 i o'clock a- m.. at
1057 Market Street. Opposite Jones,
T.v order of the Kxecutor lv the estate of G. H.
Whealan, we will sell a Magnificent lot of House-
hold Goods, consisting of Parlor, Bedroom. Pin-
inx-ro»m and Kitchen Furniture. Carpets and
Lino. earn, frock ry. Tinware, eic A beginning
of sale we will dispose of a large assortment of
Handmade Lace, Knitted Bedspreads, Portieres
and uruam-tiis.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
1057 Market street, opp. Joues.
charged in a single count, for the reason
that, notwithstanding each act may by
itself constitute tbe offense, all of them
together do no more, and likewise consti-
tute but one nnd the same offense. See
the people vs. Gusti, 113 CaL, 179. and the
cases there cited."
ATTORNEY AND CLIENT.
Mrs. Annie Weaver ami Warner Tern-
pie Are at Outs.
, Mrs. Annie Weaver, 717^ Bush street,
obtained a -earch-warrant in Judge Low's
court yesterday to obtain possession of a
bankbook in which her deposits, amount
ing to $1000, in the Hibernia Bank are re
corded, and : which she declared Warner
Temple, an attorney in the Mills building,
was wrongfully withholding from her.
Attorney Temple later applied for a
warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Weaver on
the charge of perjuring herself in swear
ing to the search-warrant, but the Judge
refused to issue it until be should have dis
posed of the search-warrant case.
There is a suit pending in ihe Justices'
Court brought by Attorney Temple against
Mrs. Weaver for the recovery of $50 'or
legal services rendered, r.nd Mrs. Weaver
claims tbat he is keeping her bankbook
until his fee is paid.
NEW TO-DAY.
One of the per-
fected scientific dis-
coveries of recent
years is cocoa. It
has in an incredibly
short time taken
front rank as THE
drink of all drinks.
It is always delight-
fully refreshing, and
when it's fresh and
pure is more
strengthening than
any ordinary food
we can eat.
GHIRARDELLI'S cccoa is
made here. Always fresh aud
guaranteed to be pure.
32 CUPS 25 CENTS
li"""" 1 ir-mmiT iimm 1 nniirtiM-m BBgaSBgM
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
c/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
ol News of the Week and
=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=* ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
ol "? PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
J Fair and Impartial in Its
q) Rendering of the Po-
-3 litical News.
3 . It's the Paper to Send East 11
«J You Want to Advertise
J California.
~/ \ _ A
°\ The Best \ /Mining
oc Telegraphic \S News That
ol Service on /\. Is Accurate
-J The Coast / \& up to data
3 / . \
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°} or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
®) A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J I Bright, Clean, j A Champion of
OC I Thoughtful. Truth.
g '' -*
©/ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
CU HOME MAIL, $1.50
d INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
/^Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KJEARXYHT. Established
BsrilJ»ffl ,n H*"* for the treatment of I'rivato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
tiii?* KEAKSY .ST. Established
In I *.:.» for the treatment of Private
Dixeunrß, Lost Manhood. .Debility or
tflKKr&KWwig disease wearing on bodyand mind and
; skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswheii
*S»WBWa othe, ' s fail. Try him. Charges low
SllttßSßS t'nrr*|[aaiaiiii>rd. Callorwrlte.
Or. jr. r. oißiivx. Box laOT.Saai'ranciaca
1112
UNDER A BOWER
OF BLOSSOMS
Nuptials of Miss Helen
Bastheim and Will
Lubin.
One Hundred Young People
Were at Mrs. Henry T.
Scott's Dance.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mils Enter
tained to Honor Miss Levert
From New Orleans.
Miss Helen Bastheim, eldest daughter
of Joseph Bastheim. and Will Lubin, a
popular and prosperous young business
man of Los Aneeles, were married last
evening, at 8 o'clock, at the residence of
the bride's parents, 2126 California street.
Only relatives witnessed the ceremony,
which was performed by Rev. Dr. Voor
sancer of the Temple Emanu-EI.
The bride was attended by her sister,
.Miss Hattie Bastheim, who officiated as
maid of honor. The groom was unat- '
tended.
A carload of orange blossoms had been
sent by friends in Southern California for
the bride and the fragrant blossoms were
u^ed with artistic discretion in the
decoration of tbe home.
For the drawing-room these flowers were
fashioned into a bower ana here the young
couple stood while they repeated the words
that made them one.
The bride wore an elegant gown of white
satin tulle. The jiape was of the satin and
perfectly plain. Trie corsage was of tulle
and destitute of all trimming save a few
sprays of natural lilies of the valley.
These same delicate blossoms fastened
' he veil to the coiffure and formed the
jridal bouquet.
Miss Hattie Bastheim wore a dainty
gown of white organdie over white silk
and trimmed with pink ribbons. She car
ried a bouquet of bridesmaid roses.
Mrs. Bastheim, mother of the bride,
wore an elegant gown of lavender velvet
trimmed with duchesse lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Lubin will make their
home in Los Angeles.
One hundred young folk were the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott last even
ing at their home on Laguna street. This
affair was the only large private dance of
the season, and toe invited guests donned j
their grandest apparel in honor of the ;
affair. .
The dance was given for Miss Cunning- j
ham, Miss Helen Hopkins and Miss Caro |
Crockett, three of this season's mosl pop- j
ular debutantes. The brilliant ballroom'
was cay with flowers, and dancing to ex
cellent music was in order until midnight,
when an elaborate supper was served.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills and Miss
Delia Mills gave a musicaieat ti.eir home,
2800 Jackson street, last evening in honor
of Miss Levert of New Orleans, who for
the past month has been visiting Miss
Mary Stubbs.
The musical programme was an unusu
ally excellent one. Among the contribu
tors were Miss Mary Mann, Mrs. Richard
Bayne, Miss Marie son, Fred Gregg,
the Berkeley Giee Club and Miss Mills.
After the music there was a supper for 125.
IN FRATERNAL LINES.
Figures That Show an Increase in the
Endowment Lank of tbe Knights
of Pythias.
The quarterly statement of the board of con
trol of the Endowment Rank of the Knights of
Pythias gives a review of the business trans
acted during the quarter ending with the last
day of 1896. From this it appears that the
rank has been making satisfactory advance
ment:
During the three months 105 sections have been ! *
established, Indiana heading the roll with 20: J
Ohio follows with 13 and Minnesota lU. seven i J
have been added 10 the roster of New York, 6 are •
credited to lowa and 4 each have been instituted ' -
In the Grand Domains of Arkansas, Colorado, i
Michigan and Mi<>s>uri. Tweutr- three hundred | ,
and twenty applicants have been admitted to 1 ,
membeishlp, the certificates amounting to [
$3,482,500 Tbe investment fund and cash bad ! |
auce, aggregating $453,870 98. shows an increase ■ *
of nearly t-12 Out). A dtcided gain over t c busi-
MM of the pieceding quarter will be observed. ■ ;
both in the membership and resources. There j
has been received irom matured Interest during ~
the quarter $8100, alt of which was reinvested in ,
Interest-bearing securities. An exhibit of tbe '
year's results show ihe organization of 036 sec
tions, a new membership of 10.990, the endow- ;
ment rank of which amounts to 917.000,000, and '
disbursement for death losses of nearly $1,000,- '
000.
Foresters of America,
From the annual report of the grand secre
tary, C. H. Bremer, of the Foresters of Amer
ica, it appears that there was received during I
the year 1896 lor proposition and initiation I
fees $13,524, lor dues $144,427, from other ■
sources $16,950, making a toial of $174,901. I
There was paid out for medical attendance and
medicine $42,639, sick benefits $48,466. fu
neral benefits $8054, donations $2361, making
a totai 01 $101,520. Other expenses, includ
ing management lor social purposes, sick ben
efits advanced and fitting up hall-, mak an ;
amount which brings the total expenditure up
to $169,489. The net iuctcase during the year
In fuuus was $5413. j
As a matter of information to the members
interested tbe following figures show the per
centage of expenditures on each dollar paid I
out during the year: Medicine ana medical
attendance, 'lb% per cent; sick benefits, 28%; I
funeral benefits, 4%; donations, 1%; toial j
percentage for relict, oo%; management, 34:
fitting up of halls, :, i; banquets and other so
cial purposes, 3%; sick benefits paid for other
courts, V-/^.
Sixty-one applications for membership were
rejected by ballot and thirty-five by the ex
amining physicians. f
Improved Order of Rod Men.
A preliminary meeting of past sachems was
held recently with a view to organize a past
sachems' association. George W. Collins was
chosen president pro tern and Porter L. Bliss
secretary. . The purpose of the organization
will be to further the interest of the order,
visit the various tribes and assist ia the con
ferring of the degrees.
Minnewawa Council of Elmhurst will give a
masquerade ball on the evening of the 22 J
instuut.
A new council is to be instituted in Alameda
during the coming month.
Companions of the Forest.
The third quarterly report of the eleventh
executive board of the Companions of the For
es:, branch of the A. O. F., Friendly Society,
has been issued. This shows that during the
quarter there have been paid six death claims,
making a total of fifteen since the last-held
annual session. On the subject of finance the
report says:
Our common annual session will entaT consid
erable ex pei so, which the amount paid for per i
capita will not be sufficient to meet; at our last !
session th- iuner.il :uno was drawn upon to meet
tbe payment of mileage to delegates: this we have
returned 10 the funeral fund; as the per capita tax
was reduced for the present term, it can be read
ily seen that we will have 10 adopt some measure
to meet the necessary expense attached to our
coming session. 1 lie mil ig has been made b.
your executive .board that no circle will be en
titled to uil.eace for Its delegate unless all amounts
owing by said eire c to tne .-upreme Grand Circle
be paid ud in full. We will be pleased 10 heiir
from the various circles in relation to the most
feasible plan to raise a sufficient sum to meet the
tcrning liability.
I'.'nai IJ'ritli Hall Association.
The following named have t>e en elected offl
eers of the B'nai B'rith Hall Association for the
insuing year: Simon' Baruch, president; I.
Harris, vice-president; J. Asclieim, secretary,
lonas Hyman, who for a long time has held
(he janitorship of the building, was re-elected'
:o that position, a good selection as he has
seen painstaking and courteous in his rela
tions with all having business in the hall. :
• J L. Franklin, the retiring president of. the
association, was presented by the board of
directors with a gold and diamond set badge.
Beulah Chapter, O. E. S.
Last Monday evening Beulah Chapter at
South San Francisco while in session received
a visit from Grand Secretary Kate J. Willats
and a delegation from Golden Gate Chapter
and one from Mission . Chapter, U. D. There
was a warm welcome for the visitors, and after
some time had been spent in listening to ad
dresses there was a visit to the banquet hall,
where an elegant collation was spread in hon
or of the visitors, and an hour was pleasantly
passed. Beulah is away from the city's cen
ter, but it has many enthusiastic and energetic
members.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the
World, at its meeting last Monday initiated
eight candidates. At the close of the regular
business tto camp was opened for a social
time. Past Head Consul M. T. Moses had
something to fay about Woodcraft. F. W.
Crossettand George J. Strong tang a duet. H.
B. Jennings Rave a recitation, Professor J. 11.
Greelkens entertained with ventriloquism, J.
P. F. Tracy gave a vocal solo, F. W. Crossett
gave selections on the organ and W. P. Jones
delivered a very pertinent address on "True
Fraternity." Golden Gate Camp is now the
second largest in the Pacific jurisdiction. It
has initiated fifty-four candidates in the past
thirty dnys. and has a membership ol 540. Its
meetings are well attended and great interest
is manifested in the work of the order. The
members are striving to obtain first place and
be classed the "banner camp." Golden Gate
Camp will soon receive a visit from F. A.
Falkenburg, head consul of the Pacific Coast
jurisdiction.
SPECIAL AGENTS HERE.
Two Treasury Official! Are Looking
Into the Affairs of the Custom-
House.
The special agents of the treasury who
have come to this coast to assist Special
Agent Moore in the checking up of Cus
tom-bouse accounts have begun their
work, and were closeted with Mr. Moore
all day yesterday preparing for the vast
amount of work that is before them.
The rumors that Collector Wise and
Deputy Surveyor Ruddell are under fire
from Washington receive little credence
in the Custom-house. Most of the officials
there say that the visit is nothing more
than the regular routine inspection and
that the treasury agents will return to
Washington after that is finished.
Others, however, think that the inquiry
will co deeper and that opium ttansac-
Hous and the landing of Chinese will be
probed deeply, with, perhaps, sensational
developments. '
The agents are extremely reticent, and
thus far have only paid a casual visit to
the Custom-house to call on the various
officials.
HOIEL /RRiVALS.
GRAND flO-EL
O E Hill, Nev A G Hooper, Forest City
G Lulgi, Suisun G T Dunlap. Gilroy
G T Russell & w.Stocktn M T Dooling, Ho. lister
E E Ho. brook, HolllsierH R Henderson, Or
0 W Ke lv, Mendocino s T Porter, Cal
Elijah Smith, NY' J J Nell, >- V
E J de Sabla Jr. Cal A R Nell, N V
J E Polndexter. Cal W R Wright A w, Cal
A B Cray, Honolulu E M Mansfield, Auckland
A Monselt, svilDcy M V Holmes, Honolulu
Mrs X A Tlngley, NY M sA L Cieatber, N \
C E Wright A w. N V W T Patterson. N V
F M Pierce, N V Rev W Willi ms Englnd
E T Hargrave, N V Dan Morp.iy. Ne.-dles
N B Davis. San Diego I II Amo», Portland
A L Harrison, Cal R R Hoge, Port and
Dr L I" Wood. R I W C Eloto. Vallejo
H J Hardman, N V A Langsdorf. Mo
J Reynolds, San Jose W 1 Good, santa Rosa
l, F Moulton, Colusa A Eckniaii <£ m, < roville
R P bKthrop, Hollister Dr i- Flint, San Juan
J stett, I'kiah H C Hopkinson, Stocktn
J Taylor, Chicago W Bruce, Chicago
J C Davis, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
F J Carlisle, St Louis E I) Wooley, Utah
R l.und, Utah G M Hyams. N V
John Haley, Los Ang P Allaire, Stanford
W Haynei Aw, Oakld E Fost, Redwing
A Jones & w, N V J Mc I tar, j.ondun
C c Merrimau, Chicago F W Lamed, Pa
H II Hlnshaw, Cal W R Gillette, N V
J C Elliot, NY 8 Glllispy. Seattle
R W Emmons. Portlnd R W Emmons, Seattle
C A Kimball, Boston .A M Bradoury, Los Ang
D B ad bury, Los Aug L bind, ury, Los Aug
E C broods, London E sanobo. New Orleans
E Chambers, Los Ang J Clarke «fe w, N V
II G >paldln*, S V G B Ransom <fe w. USA
Ai aster H Ransom. USA Cant FreemanAw, USA
Miss H Freeman, USA Mrs C W Leach, tal
O McHenry, MoJesto W Lieben, Los Ang
F IT Ruck, Vacavil.e V D Block, .-a. luu*
B B Johnson, Brooklyn P Halstead, N V
G H Francs, Stanford P R smith, Stanford
LICK HOUSE.
J W Gait, Stanford W F Blake, West Side
H P Taylor, Oakland A Rosborough, Oakland
W S King, Asioria R Barker, Vacavine
J D Grey, Fresno T A El. ert. V.salia
H C Van Ness. NY G F Jackson. Woo Hand
R W Harvey, NY E Barne.t. St Paul
J T Skellin, Cblcego 1 B Kea, Watson v. He
L T Hatfield, Sacramento Airs Brings, Dav.svllle
W stronst. Eureka 'R Balmore, rvw Atmaden
P Chailebuis, Ventura D Baimore, N Aimaden
T B Bond, Lakenort A Sanderson, St Helena
J F chiles. Davisv.lle G Woodbury, Cal
G Johnson, Cal c P Young. _\ V
J Caldwell. Nevada W E Crossman, San Jose
H Eickhoff, san Rafael Airs WCur.is, Woodland
J I Scott. Wisconsin W X Caldwell. Wisconsin
J Elder, Cal J F a.v*ns, Oakland
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
A Lonis. NY E Nilson, Portland
t- M Welch, Portland J L Brown, Peril* nd
J J O'Connor Jr, Chicago CR Mcintosh, i os Ang
J X Flsniiagan, Cal J Donovan. Seattle
J Dunric.li, Stockton F Wilson, Stockton
A E Vernon, N V Mrs Root A tr. I.' kiah
Mrs II Grimm, Sacto J A Heudrickson. Logan
Jl J Fritcb Aw, Seattle X Nelson, Portland
J Johnson. Santa Rosa J McCariy, Merced
J B Baker, Merced F Martin. Antioch
J A Merz, Antioch C H Sawyer Fresno
D R Hemmlck, Ind P D Manby <fe w. Pa
J Manning, Portland .I E Farley, i os Angeles
J F. Summers, Cal P W Clemmens, Ohio
OR Jackson, La W Harr.-il, Jacksonville
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss Wilson. California MissM Morgan, Petaluma
W O'Nell, ban Mateo E Moule, Sau -Mateo
X 1 Rrcch, California Janei Ewinc, Napa
Jii Keicheval. California W Wat son, Seattle
C Reynolds, Seattle J Cummings. Portland
T Tucker, Portland Harry Lew. s, California
E Sutherland, Denver v Pe.erson. Los Angeles
J W Smith, Los \ng J M Cummings, Ranusng
X Wictmaii. Honolulu EP Mi rrlck, California
P Frisch. Denver T Hendricks, Fresno
Joe sloisou, Potkl'ima G McGreavy. Los Ang
Miss S Royce. Kern City Miss F Mo. an, Denver
Geo Green, Moj ye
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J F Courny, Los Angeles Miss Colby, AgnaCal j-
M J F athner, Aqua Cal V Luek-n'back, N V *
L M Kingman, Musi If Turner, Denver
>» il Gross, Colo E '1 EricK & w, Oakland
0 E Smith, Vullejo G J Kooning, San Join
R i airingion & w, S J C Cur.on, N V
H Pewers, Woodland V X Gilbert, Sacto
II Stewart, Ariz. AlUs Chllds, Los Ang
M Join-", San Diego
SAN FRANCISCO ••CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali-.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery atreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
5:39 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9;30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
BTZf* YERBABUKNA LODGE OF PER- Hg*
Ifr**' fection No. I— Regular meetingTHlS A
(FRIDAY)EVENING, Feb. 12, nt 8 o'clock. JjA
D. 9. GEu. J. HOBE, retary. iff^a
B?iS=* OPHIR LODGE NO. 171, I. o s^Hl4Z«^
s*-*' o. O. F.- Initiation 'J HlS:S>3»2ss£_;
(FRIDAY) EVENING, February 12, =*5^3K!??
1897. Visiting brethren invited 10 at- y *r/lA y Ss*-
tend. J9BSMRB W. G. DOW I.E. N. G.
KjfTHK REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF
I*-* l ' the members of the Bishop Armitage Church
Orphanage will be held at the office of the secretary
830 California St., room 38. on * ebruary 23. 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the en-
suing year; also for the transac ion of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
. L. WAUHaAI, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
fc-"35F» DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
»«» 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hull on Sugar Plantation Com) any will be
payable at the office of the company. 327 Mar-et
street, on and after satnrdae, February 20. 1t97.
Transfer books will close Saturday. February 13,
1897. at 12 o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON.
■' "■ ' retary.
ftyW" CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AM A-
*-*' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 60,
Dostaze free. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Jtr^" THEY SELL ALL DRY GOODS, YARN,
*-*' table ilnea, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces,, buttons,
linings, threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very
cheap at pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
SPECIAL. ' NOTlCES— Continued.
I£sS' BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR S4:
W& collections made: city or country. . Pacific
Collection Ca, 415 Montgy st,, room 6; tel. 6580.
HSS 3 DR. BAZfciT REMOVED FROM PHE-
tt^ty lan building to 908 Geary st.: t»l. East 357.
SITUATIONS IVANTED-FEMALE.
YOUNG COLORED GIRL.B DESIRE SlTlJA-
tions at housework or nursing: best references;
fl2. MISS CULL.EN. 323 Sutler st.
fi ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
\7 Mason st,, teL main 0332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
A"OINC LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR.
X cumstames desires a lucrative position. as
lioug keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending,
120 Ellis at., room In, second floor.
ESPECIABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day washing, ironing, nursing or general
housework; 91 day and carfare. Address MRS.
JAC'K&ON. lllLj Minna st.
OCNO GERMAN LADY WOULD LIKE
-L place for housework or care of children: refer-
ences given, tall or addiess 3 Martha place, off
Geary st,
\\riDOW. AMIABLE. EXCELLENT COOK,
if exquisite housekeeper, desires place as man-
ager In widower's li m- or will travel as nurse or
private secretary. 1148 Sutter, room 35, third floor.
COLORED GIHL DESIKES SITUATION AS
lady's maid or nurse for children : references;
1 wages $15; well educated. 1519 Jackson st.
WASTED- POSITION AS HOUSEKKhPER
» » or sewing in family by a Mason's wife; good
references. M. A. W.. box 107, t_a I.
ANTED BY A RESPECTABLE WIDOW—
*» bi.ua ion as housekeeper or housework in a
f ami yof adults; is a good cook. Call «14 Filb?rt.
GOOD WOMAN FOR SECOND WORK AND
seamstress; no objection to going short
distance in country. Address 15 Vau Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED SWEDISH GIRL, WISHES
J second work, or as parlor-maid preferred. Call
at 1009 Clay si.
\\T ANTE U— POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGKD
»' lady as housekeeper or care of an invalid.
£9:53 Twenty-seccnd St.
COLORED WOMAN WISHES SITUATION;
can give first-class references. Call 1604 Jones,
near Pacific K39SI
W"ANTED-Pl)SITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
"I by young Udy. Call or address 777 Market
st., room 19.
SITUATION AS WETNURSE. ADDRESS
Nurse, 749 Market st.
•yOUNU GERMAN -GIRL WOULD LIKK
JLjlace tor second work and sowing. Address
499 ilaiiht st.: telephone P.ne 3354.
YOU.NO WOMAN WISHES TO DO LIGHT
X housework; $10. Address 4068 26th St.
GOOD YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKKTOAS-
"r sl*t in light housework or help take care of
baby. Call at 23a Minna st,
yOU.N'O LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
X bouiekeepvr In a bachelor's or widower's
borne Room 1, 1035 Mantel si.
POSITION WANTED BY COMPETENT
woman as working housekeeper or to docham-
berwork in hotel. it., box 78. Call Office.
LADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI
Xj tlon as housekeeper in lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 21, 22D Third st ■
yOUNG LaDY WISHES LIGHT HOUSE-
J work or upstairs work. Call 821 Howard St.,
roum 23, from 12 to 3 o'clock.
AMERICAN GIRL WANTS POSITION TO
do house wor*; is a good, plain ccok. Call
;-tl ' 2 Minna St., near Fourth.
yOOKO GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X upstairs work and sewing. Address S. Z. C,
box 122, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL
tor second or light housework or nurseglrL
Call 41 Kuss st., off Howard, above Sixth.
OUNG EASTE.IN WIDOW OF R FINE-
-1 ment ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing nousekeeper In widower's or bachelor's bouse.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
yOUSG AND EXPERIENCED WIDOW RE-
X cently from the K»st desires v position as man-
a<i g huuseae per In widow, r's hume or hotel;
hours Ito 5 only. Room 4. 1007 Market,
"yOUNG WIDOW OF MANY ACIOMPLISH-
X merits, lately from the East, desires home-
keepei'a 1 lace: baehelor'a or widower's home pre-
ferred. 13 l / 2 Sixth st., room 2.
"UriLL. SOME GOOD MAN GIVE MX A
• I uosi:ion a. housekeeper. 1 am so tired work-
ing under a woma 1; capab'eof laving full charge;
no objection to children. Adoress M ATTIE, 1 464
Eighth St., Oakland.
"I ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A POSI-
\-i tlon as housekeeper in lodging-bouse or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market st.
K. FINED EASTERN WIDOW, KXPKRl-
enced housekeei er. desires a situation as
housekeeper for a widower; country preferred.
Room 9, -38 Kearny st., from 10 a. m" 109 r. m.
"yOUKO DANISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
X do general housework and cooking: small fam-
ily. Call t>3B Ivyave., bet. Buchanan and Laguna.
Sit; ation wanted by a girl who
speaks French to ta«e care of chiUren: good
reference. D. M. C, Jox 61. Call Offl c.
OMPr.TENT COOK AND LAUNDRESS;
best of city references. Please call 279 Lex-
ing on aye., near Twentieth St.
yOUNG MERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X at genera) housework; wages $21). Call or ad-
dress 540 V 3 Bryant st.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
wcrk Apply between 9 and 12 at 2114
Green at.
1 ADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
J ' housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DAMI, 313 suiter.
"I\T ANTED— BY 2 PROTESTANT SISTERS
If CbamberworK and waiting at table or cooking:
country preferred. Cull 248 Fourth st.
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
in private family : would do general house-
work in small family. Call at 227 Hayes nt.
j C) COMPETENT GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS
ii as chambermaids in first-ciass hotel; city or
country, Address 804% Turk st.
SITUATION BY A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
as seamstress; unders ands dressmaking; will
make self generally useful. Address A., box 12,
I Call Office. Oakland.
I ADY, WELL ACQUAINTED WITH MANAC-
I a Ing dyeing and cleaning establishment, would
like to get position as such or managing house-
keeper lor widower or old couple. Address A. N.
E., box 44, Call Office. .
EXPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE;
J $9 per week: best of references confinement
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
Webster su
I^RENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION AS
ladie.' irald and seamsl.iss; good references.
B J 2 a broadway.
"I ADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
-I J housekeeper hotel or lodging-house. Apply
138 a T ourth sin ci, room 4.
SITUATION tOR YOUNG GIRL. PROTEST-
ant. 10 assist with lieht housework. Please
call or addrf-si 1625 Church st- nr. Twenty-ninth.
RELIABLE GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
vork in a private family: wages $20. Please
call 3017 Fillmore. -
WANTED- BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
TT tel nlaln sewing, mending or cara of linen-
rocm: sleeps home. Call or address 11* Eighth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Ca i.l taken a: branch office, 33 J Hayes au;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
-\r.lU\G LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
-L housekeeper. Call 112 1 aylor s:., room 14.
yOUSG AND ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
X many accompTsbments desires a position as
managing housekeei er in widower's or bachelor's
home. 223 Post St., room -'.
COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
as working housekeeper In widower's or bach-
elor's home; wages $20. 211 Fourth at, room 51.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
wants work In lower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. 88 Ninth St.. room 17;
hours. 1 1 a. m. to 9 p. m.
yOUNO WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper or do plain gentleman sewing.
106 Fourth su. room 2.
710 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• •lo CALL: subscriptions an 1 want ad* taken.
WANT ADR AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, .touih-
west corner sixteenth and Mission it,
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Maret: 200 rooms Vsc 10 $150 per nUlu;
Cl 50 to $tS per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and gage 10 and from the Jerry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH t*Y. NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th i Cali. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. .
mmmmm gag; — — — — — — gBBB — mmmmmmmm .____■
SITUATIONS WASTED MALE.
HUNTER & CO.. 'CHINESE aND^JAPA^
nese employment office. 17 Webb st.. below
Kearney, nr.Cal.; leunmlu 231. W.C.YOUNG, mtr
1 — : ; ZL
CHINESE AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
office; beat help. 4 11 1/3 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy sU: tel .Vein 5234.
/IHINESK A jAKANtbE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
\Jhelp; tel main 1997. BRADLEY A Co., 1540 Clay
SITUATIONS WANTED—
ENGLISH ENERGETIC, INTELLI-
gent and reliable, best ref-rencca, quickly
adapts himself 10 any work, wlshe« employment;
position of trustor other; security If necessary. E.,
box 62, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY AIARRIED COU-
- pie; man goad driver, groom , ad gardener:
wife experlerced cook and laundress. FRED
AIULLER, 1 09 Stockton st.
UrANTED-SITUATION BY YOUNG GER-
" man as night cashier or waiter, who can open
oysters In restaurant or oyster-house. Address
O. X.. box 107, Call Office.
COACHAIAN OR GARDENER YVANTS JOB;
city or country: goid references. Address G.
C, box 13, Call oihee.
CAPABLE AND HONEST MAN WANTS
place as porter in saloon or hotel. Apply 611
Pine st.
ARBERs— WANTED BY A COMPETENT
man situation for Saturday and Sunday. Ad-
dress J. BLEUTIHr.i', 10-3 Nalomasu
\\r ANTED-PO ITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
»' foreman or as superintendent of quartz
mine: 10 years' experience; understands assaying,
underground Miiveyinc and practical niin.ni;; sal-
ary not so much an object as permanent position.
Address J., box 66, this office.
L"TRST-CLASS COACHMAN: UNDERSTANDS
T band:, ng horses; good gardener: has always
worked around flrst-c.ass families: best of refer-
ences: good milker. Address Reliance, box 140,
Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED AIAN. WHO DOES NOT
drink or use tobacco, wishes situation as
nurse: can give references in to tiust worthiness.
etc. Address G. A. P., box 125, Call. _fJ__r|S
MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS HORSES AND
gardening thoroughly wishei situa ion; c-n
milk cows, and is an all-around handy man; ref-
erences. Addresi Tuorou.h, box 107, Call.
POSITION WANTED EY' FIRsT-CLASS
bor»eshoer and blacksmith; wages no objecu
Address or call 191 Shipley st.
BO 'KKEEPER WANTS A POSITION: 10
.years' exper^erce: understands selling: refer-
ences; salary no objecu W. G. C., box 71, Call.
FARAIER, 25, STRONG. SOBER MAN, GO >D
-F milker, wants steady posttloa in country; best
references. a. c, box 118. Call Office.
ARBERS— YOUNG MAN, 3 YEARS' EX-
1> 1 er.encein barber-shop, would like steady job;
small wages. Address Barber, box 124, Call.
INTELLIGENT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
aged man wants any kind of lig.it work; ref-
erence and bonds.* Address 8. S., box 108, Call.
\"OUNO MAN WISHES POSITION IN Ho-
J- tel or lodging-house as night clerk or porter:
good references, or will give cash security. Ad-
dress S. A., box 110, Call Office.
T'OUNG MAN WITH FAIR INCOAIE DE-
X sires acquaintance. Of young working girl: ob-
ject matrimony: give particulars. Z., box 160, Call.
MARRIED MAN DESIRES WORK ON SMALL
fruit ranch: wife good cook; comfortable home
desired; wages reasonable. P. S.. box 66, Call.
HANDY AIAN WITH TO. LS WISHED KM-
ploy me tor driving delivery wagon. G., box
43, this office.
HANDY AIAN WANTS LIGHT WORK, FEW
hours dally, for room and board. Address B.
V ., box 72. ' v. ■- ;.ii
SITUATION ANTED BY' A COFFEE-
planter; Germau, single, with four years' ex-
perience In Central America in coffee, bananas,
cacao ana commissary, wishes to go south again,
as manager or second. For particulars v. rile to
A. Z., box 134. Call Office.
A AIARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
OQQ HAVES sT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•iOO The Call; Inscriptions an- want ads
taken.
ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN WANTS Posi-
tion, any capacity: good office assistant, store
ordrtve delivery wacon. s., bjx 32, Call Office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
. su — Waut ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CLAY-
«J_^ 4 open untl 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
SI 60 to Hi per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
VKA? G E R M A N~OR~ SWEDISH HOUSE-
i.I work girl, $25: ronk. $35: cook, Oakland $25,
Rerke'.ey $25: 10 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to
515. Miss CULL.EN", 323 suiter st.
"V'EAT GIRL: SLEEP UOAIE: $10: LIGHT
11 work. AIISS Cl LLEN, 82 3 Sutter su
WAITRESS: PRIVATE FAMILY; $25.
IT MISS CULLEN, 823 Sutter sU
TRENCH NURSE, $25; GERMAN- NURSE.
T $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter at.
CHAMBERMAID AND SEA MsTR' SS,*s2s;
\J governess, $25. AiISS CULLEN, 323 suiter.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEKEEPER,
r $20. MISS ML EN, 323 Sutter St.
GIRL. SCOTT ST., 820: GIRL, ROSS VALLEY,
Cal.. $20: girl. stelner St., $21; girl. Pacific
aye.. $.0: gin, Jackson st . $20; gin. Polk st ,
$20; gin, Howard st.; $20; girl, oougb su, $26;
German nursegirl, $20; girl, I'escadero. CaL, $15;
gir:, Vacavilie. $16: girl. Webster su, $15: rlrl,
I Eddy st, $16: girl. Buchanan St., $15; gir:. Clay
st.. $15; girl. Leavenworth $15: girl. Nine-
teenth at., $15; 17 young girls. $8, $10 and $12
per month, assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN'S,
749 Market su
CHAMBERMAID. COUNTRY". $18 AND
\J rconi: ironer steam laundry, $30; German
waitress. $20 and room; 2 girls to assist In small
hotels, $10 and room: 2 waitresses, $5 a week:
waitress, $6 a wee* -. wj.itr. ss, cl.y, $20 and room.
MARTIN'S. 749 Alarket St.
CHAMBERMAID. HOTEL NEAR CITY". $20;
chambermaid, city, sleep home, $12; 2 wait-
resses, cltv. $15, $20: cook, private family, $75;
German nursegirl, $20: 3 girls for second work,
$10, $15: gin for a bakery, $10: 6 girls, house-
work. $15 and $20. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Gearv su
2 GERMAN AND ENGLISH NURSES. $20
— and $25; 6 roo.s, private families, $25 and
$30. Kir', for cooking and housework, country, $25:
restaurant waitress, $26 and $6 a week: and a
larre number of elrls lor cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSEIT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
GOVERNESS FOR BANKKR'S FAMILY';
country town: one that can teach German or
French, care of chi dren, et .: $25; see party lere
9 o'clock this morning. MI'RRiY * READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay su
WAITRESS, HOTEL NEAR CITY, $15; 3
it waitresses, different hotels, $15 each: iris for
housework, cooking, etc. MURRAY" & READY",
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay sU
"VTORTH GERMAN NURSEGIRL, OAKLAND,
i-1 S2O: German cook, $35; girl for general house-
work, 2 in family, $20: ionii<etent waitress $25.
call early: woman ia'«e ci.re of child f> w hours,
sleep home, $10. c- ermau Employment Office,
306 Mason su
OFFICE FEE REDUCED: 25 CTS.; GIR_.S OF
nil nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
\UANTED--GOODC OK AN D HOUSEWOKK;
»' must understand German cooking: good
references icqaird frorti Oerma i or Jewish '.ana-
lly: easy place: good wages. 1123 L gunas'.
GIRL, 18 TO 21. FOR COAtPANION. WHO
YJ under. lands stage tanclug. 1035 Alarket st.,
room 1, after 10
ANTED— FRENCH OR SWISS GIRL FOR
it general housework, Call 964 Jefferson st.,
Oakland.
RELIABLE YOUNG GIRL: GENERAL
housework: mi. a 1 family: $12: reierenc a re-
qu red. Call, be .. 10 and 12, 618V3 Valencia st.
BRIGHT LaDY AGE.nTS FOR HOUSEHOLD
necessity; good pay. Address A., b-x 46, Call.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIjT IN LIGHT HOUSE-
A work. 2018 Baker su
"yOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
A work; Protestant family of 3. 1698 Tage su
"WOMAN FOR HOUSEKEEPER: WAGES
IT $20. Call at 9 o'clock, 313 Suiter st.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; PLAIN COOK-
ing: $20; no washing; calleaily. 721 Ellis.
WA NT E D— GIRL F.:R GENERAL .HOUSE-
TT work: wag.-ssl6. 2819 Howard st.
GOOD COOK WITH REFERENCES. APPLY
in morning 1609 Franklin st.
.————— _____
STENOGRAPHERS WILL FIND IT ADVAN-
tageous to join the Evening Stenographic
speed Club at Heald'j Bus. College, 24 Post st:
fees $1 50 a month.
GOOD DRUMMER, TJ SOLICIT ORDERS
VJ for printins-house; flue chance. ORMSBY,
636 Clay sL .
"IirANTED— 1000 MISSION WORKERS TO
it rescue the fallen. Call Bp. m., 31 'Tnlrd st.
T EARN DRESSCOTTING ANDAIILLINERY;
,-* $1 p.-r week; unlimited leisons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 MarkeU
li»LYNN"'a DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister au; $1 a, week. •
(•1 X LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VAC Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st , near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 5 J per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus an A baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED—
"WANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
" barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138 Vi Eighth sL. S. F. Barber College.
LAWBENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for ■ patterns: every t one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
"J I_* NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
J-lUTh- Call; subscription and want ads
taken. v
MALE" HELP WANTED.
SHOP BUTCHER AND 8A SAGE-MAKER
for north, $60 and found: slaughterer, country.
$50 and found: clerk for merchandise store, coun-
try. R. T. WARD <fe CO., 608 and 610 Clay su
UORKMAN FOR A > NCH, O.IOH »RD AND
X. vineyard, single man, $50 ana found, see boss
here to-diy, 9:30 A. M.; 3 farmers: 3 milkers,
$22 60; cooks, wallers and dishwashers. AIUR-
RAY" & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 6:16 Clay St.
LMRMER AND WIFE, $40 AND FOUND;
r baker for countiy shop, must undeistand Hub-
bard portable oven, $10 a week and found: y»nn<
man wltn a little experience for a carriage fac-
tory, country. MURRAY' & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOUSE PORTER FOR FIRST-CLASS CO UN-
try hotel, to polish furniture, lay carpets,
hang curtains, etc., $25; second cook, restaurant,
city, $40; man to run shirt machine, country lain-
dry, $30. C R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st,
THIRD COOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL
springs; $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary su
COLORED WAITER, COUNTRY" HOTEL, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
MAN AND WIFE AS BUTLER AND COOK;
$60. Miss c ULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
BUT..KR. $26. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
street.
COACHMAN, $26. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUT-
terst.
ANTED- A FRENCH CHEF FOR SMALL
it place; country: must have good references;
$100 a moctb. ANDRE'S. 315 Stockton su
IirANTED- BOY WHO LIVES WITH HIS
»' parents to run an elevator: $15 a > month.
ANDRE'S 316 Stockton su
WANTED— ERRAND-BOY, 15 YEARS OLD,
" see boss here this morning. $7 a month and
found: -candinavian milker, $20 and found: Jap-
anese cook, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSE'IT
dt CO.. 628 Sacramento su fl_fl_
NIGHT CO' X, $35 A MONTH: YOUNG MAN
' to run ?n electric elevator: barber, country
shop. AIARITN'S, 749 Market sU
WANTED A CARPENTER— BILL WALL,
*» please call at Captain THOMSON'S, NW.
cor. Bay and Taylor; building new bicycle boat.
W"ANTeD— GOOD FITTER FOR PARTNER
ii in leather aid shoe findings store. Address
467 Sixth st., Oakland.
LARGE BOY TO RUN ERRANDS. 291
Everett St., near Fourth. ■.'•"-' '
I, ARRER-SPOP; RUNS 8 CHAIRS: LOW
'• rem; fine chance; rent pal 1 for this month; 4
fine living-rooms. 408 V? sixth su
ANTED— BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
IT at wagon-making. Apply 2312 Pine su
• .ttiVi.R rou MiLK WAGON. COR. TWEN-
\J tleth and Connecticut sts., Kentucky-st. cars.
BOY'S FROM 14 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutter st.
BARBER-— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEU
P. C. Barbers' sen. s. FUCHs, 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEY AIEN BAKuKRa' EMPLOYMENT
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh sU
, AHBER WASHSTANDS, i, i AND .1 bowls.
I J cheap. H. HUFsCH.MIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
1 ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT .-HOES j
iJ bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale: large stock; sboes made
to order; bea slock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 744 -Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
'» of some simple thing 10 p-tent? 1 rotect your
ide s; they may bring you wealth. Wiit- JOHN'
WEDDERBURN* CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for tbeij''slBoo prize
offer and new list of 10: 0 invention's wanted.
\V ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN"
" school supplies. Whita»er-Ray Co.. 723 Markt
"I V" A TED— STEADY", RELIABLE MAN FOR
it position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
EURO HOUsK, 863 V. MARKET ST.— i/.oOMS
- 20c. 26c to 60c night; $1 to $2 week. .
9X91- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_cl_.il want ads taken for THK CALL.
UE-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
I-> 25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and I.eidesdorrT sis.
1 I_♦ NINTH ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
11U Tun Call: aubscriptiou and want ads.
taken.
j i UN'sWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
' » all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. 969 Howard, nr. Sixth.
KKCRUITB WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rln« Corps, U. >. Navy— Able- bod unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United S.ates. or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come snch: must be of good character an 1 habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In helehu For
further Information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su. San Francisco. Cal.
ROOMS 100 TO 76c Tf.K NIGHT; 60c TO *i M
per week, oriental. 225 Drumm au
INGLE FURNISHED ROOAIS: 16c A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
ANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" 'The CaLl are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
\\r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'» ersiStcierks. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 Sutta:
rjiRY ACME HOUSE $67 MARKET si., BK-
-l low feixtb. for a room: 25c a ' night; $1 a week.
I 111 l }IKS TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 150
l"v and 20c a ulghU Including coffee ana 10.14.
i t24 Washington su. near Kearuy.
T '
I 9?_Ot_ MISSION ST — BRANCH OFFICE OF
I _tl— Tub Call; subscriptions ana waut ads
taken.
Ur ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ii to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, Bill! runs Denver House, 217 Third sU: 15J
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
ROSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.- SINGLE FUR-
ntshed rooms, 20c to 26c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
ii SIMON WAN 10U MEN TO oET BOD
1-. lie beer or wine 6C-. best free lunch. 643 Clay
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
it Maricei: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
WANTED- SINOLE ROOAIS. 15c A DAY: $1
week: rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a wee-,
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
ANTED, YOUR SHOES— YVK REPAIR
ii shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
hag rough the day can have their snoes repairs'!
•might while you wait: ladies' soling, Me; men' I
tollng. 60c: find shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lo*. Of sho«« been damaged by water, al
less man one- on their value, from 26c up v
$2 00. l)6i Mission su, bet. First su and seconds;.
AGENTS WANTED.
ASK OUR AGENTS WHO IS MAKING THE
most money. BRICK <_ CO., nove.lles, 777
Market st. **
ROOMS WANTED.
"yOUNG MAN YVIsII fc ROOM IN PRIVATE
1 famly: ea tof Lark! | street. Y. M.. box 10-.
— _ ___________________ _______
BOARDING WANTED.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED BY JAPA-
nese young man; state terms. Address S. AL,
box 137. Call Office
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED -GROCERY YVAGON; STATE
ft price. D, box 72, Call Office.
BUILDINGS BoloU I: LUMBER SASHED
doors, mantels etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
SELL YOUR books, CLOTHING and jew-
elry to A.' KLEIN. 109 Slxtn su: send postal.
CARPET CLEANING. \
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK*
cleans, moves, lays carpets. ; G. H. STEVEN^
Mi-r. 38 and 40 Klgnth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSFAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; lei. So. 4 J.
CARPET-cLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free: tel. .Essie 944. Stratton, 3 Stb s..
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO-, 402
_Tl Sutter; teL Main 394. GEO WaLi OAI, prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
. alien works. 408 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
CARPETS CLEANED-! RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <_ Co.
JE MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING' CO,
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia 7 1.
CON KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS
333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
PERSONALS.
CVEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY
C. BABIN, 4i» Kearny st. -
tv HANNAH GILBERT. LA I OF MAS-
J. Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
van; age. .
LOOD
BLOOD
AND ' '
SKIS" DISEASES - ■ ■ -
Are cleansed away nowadays by the simple use of
DR. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
Go at once and be cured. A few baths or a course,
according to your needs: inexpensive, but a per-
manent cure. Hygienic-board and sunny rooms:
very reasonable. Free consultation. Ito a and b
to 8; Sundays. 10 to 12. Call or address _ -
1633 BUCHANAN ST.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAYV*- A SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, eta: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at;y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
TV" H. AIAHO V". ATTORNEY- -LAW,
" . has removed his office from 214 Pine st. to
the st. Ann's building, 6 Eddy St., rooms 45-60.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of pay ment ob Iking: legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market su, S. F.
__
PRIVATE DETECTIVE YVORK DONE REA-
souab.e; 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBsTER, 104 Mason
st, room 6.
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claiming to have had connections with
me are springing up every day people who are
jea.ous of my success. Don't moke any mistakes.
It'sG. LEDERER.II 1 stockionsu, nearest Geary,
thatyou wan*. to see: my price ior hair-dressing is
positively 28c only for auy and all styles; same
price in the store as in the advertisements.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING:
lowest estimate? -.best work guarante d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MPS KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH O. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish halrdreasing parlor;
latest effects ;price 26c 124^ O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
PROF. ARNOLD. MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st. -
LAURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
ETROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-541: hours J a At. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
I (Win CARDS, $150. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IvUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary su.
fflj 1 A DOZEN — FINE CABINET- _.- l_-
■*s)■*■ SON'S Gallery. 1028 MarkeU
rn7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«)— I oi'Thk Call; want ads and suoscriptlons
taken. IffQSi
PARTINGTON'S tCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine su; Illustrations -.ur-ished
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC H AIRDRESsING, 25c: $25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff I cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market su, room 28. -
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. HANS.
FIELD <fe PORTERFIELD. 838 Market sU ■ r: .
MAGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the Klnetoscope films; price $260.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. .
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
■'» ing. painting. etc., by contractor day's work, at
your cwn pnce. N.E MERIOAN, 1302 Webster at
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market su
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
YVlnchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
I 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
j week ; free bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
LOAKS. FURS AN ii SUITS RETAILED AT
I \J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome sU
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
'.amous medium of modern Urn - Don't fail
to see her If you are interested in the affairs of life;
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
| tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
j property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
I when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
j ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires.
j call on this gifted woman and she will send you
| away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. x. to Bp. M.. strict. N. R— Sa.lsfactlon
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
I ket sU. carlo.-.* 26 and 26. Take elevator. :.,';;';/•
CC. . c c. c.
• Remaining 2 weeks only: the famous, world-
j renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
| ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
I luck In love courtship and marriage: business
I and mining investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Flf.h su, room 1.
I MME DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
I Jal er by eggs and cards: telis entire life, past,
i present, luture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted: names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost lovs by svmpatny: mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post su, nr Larklu.
lis BERNUARIi RETURNED: CARD-
reader and magnetlsU 17a Sixth St., room 10,
second floor.
MR SILVIA- RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
ant; card-reader. 846 Folsom st.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flat.
MM.-. LEONA RETURNED: CARDKEADER;
magnetic treatmenu 995 Market, room 3.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN l LAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
MME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS; LA
dies. 25c: genus, 40c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
VI ME SYBILI.E TELL-* FROM CRADLE TO
i-Vl grave: pictures giveu: ladies 25c: 914 CFarreU.
II ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER;
Jx_ past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 5.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post su, room 2. -; :; . ;
MME NELSON, MEDIUM AND CARD-
reader. 120 i.ddy su, room 1.
MME. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
MAI E. O A . BES. CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium In city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
MME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth
GY PSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st. nr. Market: ladles 25c. gents 50c.
SPIRITUALISM.
VI RS. C. J. MEYER. CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUES.,
'*' Wed. and 1-ri , 2 p. m.; trance cir., Mon. and
Fri. eve., 2-c; sittings daily. 326 Me.V lister st.
Qtl7 MaRKEI— AIRS. hoskins, trance
out speaking tests to-ulghf; Mrs. Place, Meda
Hoskins; 10c.
ME. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um: life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
EDNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dium and magnetic healer. 865i,a Market st
room 10. *
MRS. MAYO-STEERS-CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
8 o'clock, 25c: readings $Lll2iy_ Oak sU
VI ME. GRAY. i HE Wt NDERFUI MAGNET-
-VI ie healer. 142 Seventh st., room 33.
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B. $1;
circles lues., Fri.. 2p. _ 26c. 233 Valencia. j
MRS. H. A. GKIFFIN'-CIR. SUN. EVE; 25c;
parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve.: stgs 426% Grove.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY'. CLAIRVOYANT.
I xix trance test medium <fc life reader. 218 Stockton
* M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE I
-V. writer. 118 Hal-tit sU: hours 9 until 6 pm. '
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT: I
success grid. HvpnoticMesmericlns.dO' Far red i
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
Ledrooru sets, 3 piece 5......... $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs.... 75c
4-room furniture outfit -. $67 60 '
Brussels carpeu laid . . .' 65c yard
SHIREK & sIiIREK. 747 Market st, oppo»ite
Grant aye.
ALL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GO >DS, MAT-
•»!- tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and glassware
sacrificed cheap; paity moving away. 211 9th.
_| Of » CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. V. :
JcTV/ stoves, $5: parlor sets. $21; lolding-bedv
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household poods: new or gooi
is new; cas i or on time: open evenings.
FURNITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. A N DE SO N. 1121 MarkeU
EUKNITU RE WANTED.
LARGE MIRROR; 6 Oct 8 FEET L*"NG BY
2 or 4 feet wide: cheap. . A. 8., box 4.', Call.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
HIGHER PRICE THAN AN V WHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0.1067 Markeuopp.Joaei
BUSINESS CHANCES.
DEAR SIR:
Yes, It's a fart (because of inevitable private
reasons), I'm compelled to offer my land agency
business for srle, and in order to effect a quicc
deal am wiling to make a great sacrifice and givW
some one agr-at btrgaln and finest business °_*
Pacific Coast for almost nothing You may tliin&e*
it strange (and so It is) that after 16 years of valvP
able experience 'In the business, havi g snent
ibousauds of dollars In advertising and traveled
the State over with horse and ou-gy inspecting
and appraising nearly every ranch ou the Pacific
Coast, and now having secured . the aeency of
about 3000 cho'ce rroperties offered for sale and
exchange, earned $30,000 commissions l.i last five
years, still I've rea ly decided to sell everythinj
just as it stands, Including my enormous list of ac
curate y written descriptions, together withal* con-
tracts, complete set of blanks specially designei
and printed set of books, diagrams, irops, hun-
dreds of I hotographs , thousands of letters, ,Ist of
prospective purchasers.- all furniture, eta,
in fact, the most complete and best system-
atized LAND AGENCY IB AMERICA, occupying
three elegan'Jy fur islied fiout rooms, scored b*
long lease a reasonable r nt. Ever, thrfig i- i a
p rt'ect co. dltion and , though having cost thou,
sands of dollars and years of hard work all gees
tor a few hundred dollars, which s.. oud easily hi,
made back from deals now In progress within one
mouth. In conclusion. I wit! 3ay that as the nusi
ness is simple 10 conduct and prospects were never
better any wideawake business roan can take my
piace and make much more in the future than I
have in the past. Pl-asant, profitable and genteel,
with unlimited possibilities. Tboiough investt£_>
tion lavited by yours truly.
N. D. s cKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
€20 Market su, opp. Palace Hotel.
HIGHEBT CASH PRICE.-. PAID FOR FURNl-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. STENBERG, 632 Market: tel. main 1043.
<&OZ.f\ OLD ESTABLISHED. BEST PAY-
«JrOc)U. ing grocery and bar in the Mission;
must be sold ; owner nas other bustness: investiga-
tion; Ilviug-rooms. STENBERG, 632 Market sU
d_l f\l\f\ YVOOD AND COAL YARD; WELL
«Jpl UUU. stocked; 4 horses: clears $U5 month-
ly; trial given. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market su
ffliffAA LUNCH HOUSE AND SALON;
tip I UU. cash register, billiard and pool tables,
fl c mirror, etc.: good corner; low rent; big bar-
gain. STENBERi. & CO.. 63-' Market su
fflj I Ofl/V OLD-ESTABLISHED AND WELL-
tjp 1 _iUU. known saloon; half block north of
Market St.: this place is elegantly fitted uuyand
well stocked; must lie sold, as proprietor has other
business which requires his time: every Investiga-
lion allowed. STENBERG di CO., 632 Market SU
SOE. r_ BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN 1
tlpOclU. this city; eood horse and wagon ; ncr
experience necessary, positively clears $100 a
month: week's trial. STEaBERG CO., 632 Market
fTHOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS
-l places such as saloons, grocery-stores. lodging-
houses, restaurants, delicatessen, qigar-siores,
butcher-shops, canny-stores, coffee-saloons and all
other kinds of business, it will pay vooi to-consult
tbe reliable firm of 'THOMAS & CO., S3 Sixth St.,
room 18; telephone Soutn 592.
CJ»97r_ WILL BUY A FINE RESTAURANT;
«Ir_- I cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $15
a day; will bear investigation to this effecu 33
sixth, room 18.
Q A LOON FOR SALE; OLD ESTABLISHED
IO and well known: finely fitted up; disagree-
ment of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33
Sixth st.
ffljlOX PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
t_> l_-cT. sistaut in restaurant, $40 per month,
loom and board. Apply 33 sixth su, room 18.
OLD-ESTABLISHED WHOLESALE PROD-'
uce comm ssion business for sale; good oppor-
tunity for active, energetic man to step into and
add to an alreaiy built-up trade. Address Busi-
ness, box 108, Call office.
e»7nil PINE cIVERY STABLE: LONG
trr ( I OK/, lease: 10 horses; 2 nacks; 1 coupe:
express wagon; turrey: tap and open nuggy; har-
ness, eta: everything complete. 3114 sixteenth
St., cor. Valencia.
GOOD OPENING FOR A MAN WHO UN-
derstands the fruit business: also good route;
horse and wagon. Apply West rind Grocery,
, Greenwich and Baker sts.; te.. steiner 3211.
MILK DEPOT, BRANCH BAKERY, GRO-
-1»A cerl»s and notions with 4 living rooms; rent
reasonab'e; splen id location: must be sold; bar-
gain. 1405 Folsom st.
FINE CAN DY-STORE ON MARKET, DOING
X a good business; will bear Investigation. 3-
Sixth st., room 18. - . * ;
; yol'XG YVIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
j -L partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
ONE OF THE BEST MILK ROUTES IN ALA-
meda county for sale: run by present owner
| tor 12 years; sickness cause of set ing. Addre-s
j A. T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
I at Fitch burg.
TM.Mi BUSINESS CHANCE— NEWLY' FJT-
-T ted up saloon, with cash register, safe; good
stock of liquors and cicars: transfer corner. Ap-
ply SCULLY & ->ON, 4211 Sacramento st. .- s
TO LET— THE FINEST WOOD AND CO a', _
yard In the city; 5 stalls: scales, screen and I
block: rent $10; also a fiat of 5 rooms and bain, '
rent $16. 1915% McAllister st.
FINE GROCERY AND BAR; PAYING BUSl-
ness; receipts $12 per day; owner going 10
Europe. ED GoRM AN, 644 Naioma st., or 1561
Mission.
Itf ILLGIVE INTEREST IN SIMPLE, CHEAP
»" and very useful article for money to obtain
patent. J. CBANDALL, Brentwood, C. C. Co., cat.
OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, .
notion store and laun.iry ollice; furni ure of
3 rooms for sale; owner leaving city. 437 Fulton.
SALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
and well known: finely fined up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33 Third st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; CHEAP; _
-T living-rooms. Inquire Call Office.
CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE— ON MARKET;
rent cheap. Apply Call Office. ,'.: '■£?.-%
FOR OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
-T grocery and bar; on account of sickness. Ap-
ply to YVICHMAN, LU JEN «fc C 0.,, 3-0 Clay
St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m. ; no agents.
TIT AN TED — PRIVATE PARTY TO AD-
" vance means to help poor woman recover her
money from estate: administrator has used
$10,000 and real property for years: money se-
cured by interest In property. B. 8., box 72, Call,
WANTED — PARTNER; EXPERIENCED
»» mining man, familiar with new district in
British Columbia, wants lady par ncr; small capi-
tal required. M. C. G., box 72, Call office.
<__>"! f\(.f\ PARTNER WANTED IN DOWN-
«JD-LUUU. town sal< on: best business corner;
rare chance tor the right man to invest in first.
class paying place. WiLKE, 631 California st.
LD CORNER SALOON— MUsT BE SOLD
wßhln the next week. Apply HILBERT
BROS., 103 1 owell su
STATION'ERY'-^TORE— OLD, GOOD-PAYI NG
place; nice for woman to make a good living,
Inquire Call Office.
11 OR SALE— CHEAP. PARLOR SET; NEAR-
A 1 ly new: 6 pieces- 2503 Post su
CMGAR-STORK FOR SALE CHEAP. 41
) Fourth su
TOCK OF GROCERIES FOR SALE AT SW.
cor. Post and Hyde sis: store to let; rent $25. i
ROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING^
rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. SB. •
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartiett su
_f» (\f\ BUYS A HOTEL BAR AND RESTAU-
«Jp_.UU rant; rent $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth su,
near where ard-st. car stops Potrero aye.
PAYING SALOON: GOOD LOCATION; DAILY
-L receipts $10 to $12: must be sold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office.
ASSAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED
_-\. business for sale. Address Assayer, box 25,
Auburn, Cal.
-17-OUNG WIDOW IN GOODCIRCI MSTANCES
A wants gentleman partner. 104 Mston su
SALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN: ON AC
count of leaving city. 615 Market st.
| ANIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
| XL pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrku , 7th floor.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
I -
9P_Of» MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_.tJ_.U want ads taken for Th_ Call.
ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN
vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
: —1 close to tan Francisco. For particulars apply
| this office.
ODQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Oij'J Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
OA ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET 5T..... $1400
OKf 22- room house, only .$ 400
66 rooms, cor... S.COOI 14 rms on Sutter. 70'J
11 rs., must sell 20. 66 rms, beat citv.3,soj
H. 1. DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth. '
e<J h A 31-ROOM HOUSK; ROOMS' Aui
tJrOUU. looted. H. C. DECKER, 1020 MarketS
ffi-jAA 23-R HIM HOUSE Ci.O-E TO LARGE
[up&UU. factories: every room rented: bis bar-
gain. STENBERG «fc CO., 632 Market st.
Ol HUNT ST.— LODGING-DOUSE WITH 38
OA rooms; well-'.urnishtfd; rent $30 per month.
HOUSE >'F8 ROOMS, FILL, i OMFLETELY
and newly furnished, foi sale on account of
sickness, cheap; no dealers. 208 Seventh st. -•' ,
LODGING-HOUSE FOE'r-ALE; ON ACCOUNT
retiring. Inquire 725 Golden Gate aye., a. M.HOUSES TO LET.
HNIi T'RE; 4 BOOHS COMPLETE FOR
. * housekeeping: bath: large yard: must be sold
Immediately; sacrifice: rent $12. 626 Natoma st;
; no agents.
- Cjl 7 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA--
. sPX i . pered; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
I 1 99ft BUSH— SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
■1 — — c' yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
ASUTON & Gardiner, 411 Montgomery'
■_:- nlc- little cottage of 4 rooms: 10C9 Ala-
bama st., near Twenty-second; rent $9. '
HOUSE 4 ROOMS: REAR 1310 LARKIn"_tT
Apply 1318 larkin st. *
ffiJJA 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH-8
<_:__. looms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TENANTS E-KCTED; $3. SMITH,
collector. 14 McAllister at., rooms 10-11.
' «9ft =B_* V_«-H HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
«i. y- fie— »898 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
$14— Union; 4Tooms.
5 ROOMS; 503b SECOND ST.: $15 PER
0 month. Key at 539 - econd st,
7 ROOMS; 637b SECOND ST.; $17 PER
1 month. Key a t 539 Second St.
C ROOMS; NEW. HOUSE; MODERN IM-
!. roV , em<int ' ,; 45 Federal st.; $15 per month .to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 seoonS .st.
' HOUSES TO RENT FUR VERY LITTLE
XX money at BALDWIN _. HAMMOND'S. lii
Monfcomerr r:
EUKNISHEI) HOUSES.
"PURNISHED MODERN --ROOM HOUSE;
J best location: bath: gas range: chicken-yard;
reasonable. 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda,
COMFORTABLY FURNISHED COTTAGE: 6
rooms, bath; garden; rent very low. 2441
Larkin st. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
40ft 80-WOBTB— CHEAP COTTAGE, STA-
.TYTVJ ble, chicken-houses: suit laundry or team-
ster.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
.*) NEW COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
--basement; coruer Twentieth and Folsom sis.:
 co chili! 11.
I Crl X NICE COTTAGE: 5 FOU518: BATH:
l •- 1«J. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 7 1 1 Treat aye.
$7 AND 99: COTTAGER; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
0 1 good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., ore:. 11. UMBSEN A- CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET;
5.).} SMALLER— SUNNT UPPER FLAT; 6
— ._ rooms; bath; yard; basement.
.1 9ftQ HOUGH. NEAR GEARY"— ELEGANT
J._.v'o flat; T^rooms. bath, etc.
-I <JC GBOVK — FURNISHED FLAT FOR
I—d sale a: a sacrifice; complete.
6 : ROOM LOWER FLAT: 2901 FOLSOM ST.
Apn'.y J. A. ULRICU, 41 Crocker building.
UTAT OF 4 ROOMS; SW. COR. POST AND
1 Hyde sts. : rent $17 50.
71 90CTAY lA. NR. MCALLISTER— LOVELY
» -I _- lower fiat 7 rooms; hath; modern improve-
ments.
2-C NOB, NEAR FOURTEENTH— UPPER
' flat 7 laree rooms and bath; in perfect order;
sun al day: drainage perfect.
I Ino UNION-SUNNY' BAY-WINDOW; 7
I IvO rooms; bath; 1 or 2 families: - kitchens;
.$2O.
VKW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 BOOMS; 3176
i-Y 25th, cor. Folsom. J. A.ULRICH, 41 Crocker bl.
1 (-(\p. WASHINGTON'— HANDSOME UPPER
AVJU'U suuny 6-room flat; $30.
1 fti dale place, off golden gate
' lvi aye., bet. Leavenworth and H de— rooms.
7ft J 1 DARKIN— FLVT TO LET: 6 ROOMS
. I YT'da and bath; mo iern Improvements; reuts3s
*• 1 ft 99 FELL. BET. MASONIC AND CKN-
-1 U-- tral ayes., facing Park panhandle—
rooms; upper; new; bath; sunny; $16.
7»JG- GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
i —O bath; light; sunny; nice yard.
. T OV.ER AND UPPER FLATS— BOOMS,
J J bath and yard; $15 and 918. la Shotwel! St.,
near Fourteenth.
I'JOOI SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS:
*• ltJ_.c>- modern improvements.'rent $16.
FLA 1: .0 BOOMS AND BATH ; SUNNY BELT;
$15 per month: 2610^. Mission st. Apply 844
Capp v ;-._>--•
Q.)' MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS, BATH.
- '_ — «-). 11_8 Howard si., near seventh.
TOTHE RIGHT PARTY— I CAN SELLA NEW
cottage 01 4 rooms and bath on terms of f5O
cash and balance monthly. E. M. LONG, 3-07
.Twenty-second st., corner Mission. Office open
evenings after 7:30.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE OFF FED-
era! St.; 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 second st,
C"' /'HEAP MODERN FLATS, t> AND 6
Ao rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
I'LATS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, lv
.Montgomery su
« iVKr.K NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
• \ YVF.EKLY CALL, la wra-aer. tor mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Lush Street.
9QI 5* BUSH-TWO NEWLY" FURNISHED
— •'I.« 3 sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath and yard; cheap.
Eddy Street.
•■_": Q EDDY— LARGE FRONT BOOM, WITH
i J iJ or without kitchen; lower floor; $12 per
month.
Ellis street.
GOO ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
•> — — housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
()(* ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— U housekeeping rooms, with bath; reason-
able.
1 f_9Q ELLIS — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
_LU_-c/ rooms: parlor. piano, 2 bedrooms, kitchen.
A inn street.
1 fl7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
J v I rooms to let.
99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURN-SHED FOR
; _.—. housekeeping; rent cheap.
.4 9QI FIFTH— ROOM AND KITCH-
-I—o-4 en furnished for housekeeping: fiist floor.
PTllmore Street.
5-1 ft 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED. ROOMS;
«Jp-L "• gooa yard. -212 Fillmore at, near Clay.
1 Pourth Street.
Fill FOURTH — CHEAPEST AND BEST
t:1-L housekeeping and single rooms In the city.
Golden Gate Avenue.
7Qft GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
1 O\J room, furnished or unfurnished, bousegpg.
Orove Street.
-I on GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
J— «' and kitchen; suitable for 2: folding-bed:
grate: bath; etc.
HaigTit Street.
1 r\f\ HaIGHT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS COM-
x'J\J pletely furnished for housekeeping.
Howard Street.
IC\A HOYVARD, COR. THIRD— NICELY' PUR-
i '» _: nished front room: also housekeeping.
_es*ie stroe..
- f9l * JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
U._l2 rent $9.
j ones street. . . .
e\A' JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS,
<-)UO with or without kitchen.
-. C.OC STEVENSON (UPSTAIRS) -2 NICE
"•._> • suuny rooms for light housekeeping;
Wso single rooms.
Larkln Street.
O k )/' LARKIN— 3 ELEGANT SUNNY' HOUSE-
'>— cJ keeping apartments; gas stove: centraL
4'T< 1 LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
—'> lo Up housekeeping: terms moderate.
fjftft J ARKIN. COR TURK — 3 SUNNY
y^'^J housekeeping rooms.
1 Market Street.
Targe FRONT room-., A I so SUNNY
J _ u*n— keeplag. 1066 Market,- opp.- Jones.
1 9(i ( l() market-elegant furnished
»T„.t ** etc parlor: privilege of lrotit par.or:
' bath; g,,; kitchen; $12 60. •-•/-
J'lUimi -ireu..
P »4R m l£Na-FURNISHED sunny rooms
U-X\J for housekeeping: largo yard.
41 ft M'NKA-FRONT AND BACK PARLOR.
?iy w,tn kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
first floor : • •
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued. ]
Mission Street.
109-1 MISSION — SUNNY" BAY-WINDOW
Jvt- housekeeping rooms; also 1 for 98 a
month: bath.
1 flf-t° MISSION— CLEAN, CHEAP BOOMS;
IUUO light housekeeping: $6 a- d 98. ' _
Montgomery Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY', COR CLAY — OPEN
«J_- 4 until 9:3' o'clock: branch office of The
C am.; subscriptions and want ads taken. '
. Niutli Street.
IIQ NINTH - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
lit! suite of rooms for housekeeping; bay-win-
dow; folding-bed: everything modern: $12 50 per
month; app y at middle flat: only quiet, sober peo-
ple wanted; DO dogs or parrots.
luik Mreot.
991 POLK-FRONT SUITE WITH USE OF
_- — X kitchen for housekeeping; $20.
second Street.
TAURNISHED FLAT: 2 BEDROOMS, KITCH-
r en and parlor; rent only $14 per month. Ap-
ply 615 Second st-
ti-tli nil—
mA SIXTH, POP. MINNA— 3 OR 4 FINE
lit) sunny roojEs, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
South Park.
Xl SOUTH PARK — 2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR.
XU nished housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
Stevenson Street.
C'r STEVENSON - NICE LARGE ROOM,
fJfJO furnished; rent cheap.;
Twenty- lour Street.
QAfXA TYVE NT FOURTH. NEAR VALES-
OttU'i cia— 3 sunny front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $16: connecting.
V an Neas Avenue.
CIO VAN NESS— SUNNY' FRONT HOUSE-
-0 IO k, eplng rooms, SIS; also single rooms.
7 AC VAN NEss AYE.— NICELY FUR-
• VTU nished rooms, housekeeping privileges.
•Washington Street.
rX9fl W A SHINoToIs— HOUSEKEEPING
U_.U rooms: newly papered; $4 per mon h.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
age free. ---..<_•-••:
f ROOMS TO LET.
Clementina Street.
A(\Q CLEMENTINA— NICE SUNNY
JtUO rooms. Key in saloon. 23M Fifth su
Eddy street.
.rr I 9 EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED LARGE
0 I — room, also small room: $10 and $8.
Eighth Street. .
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
KOY'AL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — TNCANDES-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining daliy papers; "smoking-room and ladles'
rarlor; open all night: rooms per night, 35c to
$1 50; week, $2 to9S: month. $8 to $30: Are es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready ; hot and coid water in each room: baths.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
ART . manager— A quiet houie: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hold: cold water.
Fifth street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and $1 per night; $2 to $5 per week.
Folsom Street.
OriO FOLSOM. IN REAR— NEW SUNNY
OV'O flats. 2 rooms each; also furnished rooms.
Inquire at .35 Folsom st.
09f_ FOLSOM. NEAR FOURTH — FUR-
O-U nished rooms; $1 a week.
CftUl FOLSOM— FOUR-ROOM FLAT UNFUR-
OKjOtt nished, $12 per month.
i ourth Street.
01 ft FOURTH— ELEGANT SUNNY' FUR-
-01 U niihei rooms: single and donole; $l 25 a
week and up.
Golden Gate Avenue.
qq/Y GOLDEN gate aye. — pleasant
*J*J\J sunny room: gas: bath; private family: $6.
m GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FRONT ROOM;
running water; gas; gentlemen or man
and wife.
Ift Aft GOLDEN GATE AYE. CO . LAGU-
X\J\J\J na-st. Park — Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny front room; bay-window; a.ao large
single room.
Howard Stree..
I QZ.A HOWARD— 2 SUNNY BEDROOMS:
100. bath and gas aud plain washing; 95 -
Hunt Street.
qi HUNT. OFF THIRD-NEAT CLEAN FIR-
OX nished rooms; 50c week and up.
done* Street.
9ft 7 .'WES-THK VAN WINKLE: NEW
--V I management; elegan: sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 t0 330.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY _
Pleasant snnny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE 904 KEARNY ST.,
-.1 corner Jackson— single rooms 16, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
Ha 1 ket Street.
7001 MARKET-LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
»C-»J2 rooms in suites or single; rent reasonable.
Y^OSK.MITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
A night, $35 to $1 -. week. 91 60 10 »5: families.
1 Q9ft MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
J c/_.U furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Mason Mreot.
MASON— SUNNY' ROOM NICELY FUR-
nished; $1 a wee..
41 MASON-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY'
_: X •_> comfortable rooms; suitable light housekpg.
AicAUlsTer street.
ftlQl MCALLISTER — FURNISHED COM-
yJIOZ fortahle room, suitable for a gentleman,
reasonable; per month 95 50.
Minna Street.
_4qi. MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE
_;»>1 front room 8, 56 mo.uo; hot, cold water baths,
JO' MINNA, BET. FIFTH AN SIXTH—
Idu Third floor, 6 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas: $18.
797 MINNA, NEAR NINTH — 3 UNFUR-
* A* nished rooms; Urge yard: $8 per month.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-bouse: 91 60 to 96 per week.
99 1 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT ROOM:
*-<•*/ A gentleman; bath: rent 97; also single.
Natoma Street.
9Q9 1 NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH— ROOMS;
_.(.)— 2 water; yard.
9HH Ninth Street.
110 NINTH - LARGE FRONT B AY- WlN-
liu dowroom; use of piano; $10.
Post Street.
A 1 r> POST (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY FUR-
-11 IT nished sunny rooms; en suite and single.
Powell Street. .•■,;■-.-
TIT ILLISFORD -212-214 POWELL-NEWLY
" furnished rooms.
' rtt 1 POWELL ST., COR. GEARY; LARGE OR
I _._.«.) small sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
Second Street.
07 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE; ELEGANT
Ol furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
:_
Sixth Street.
99 SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
949 SIXTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM WITH
— "J-, fireplace; 90 per month.
seventh stree-
-1 A 9 SEVESTH ST., GIHARD HOUSE— ELK.
1"- gant Turn, suites, kitchen: also single rooms
utter Street. '
49ft SUTTEB, NEAR POWELL — HAND-
-la,\j Romely newly furnished light sunny rooms
and offices; bath; central; reasonable; appreci-
ated It seen by doctor.
CI A SUTTER ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
til -i rooms: suit cur single; low rent to desirable
tenants
701 RUTTER-NEWLY .FURNISHED Al"-
-tOl cove suite; breakfast If desired; reasonable.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Stockton t.root,
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FT'R-
uIshed suites from $4 to $10 a week: single
rooms, SI .0 to $3 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty: elevator.
Taylor Street.
I "I 9 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED OR
II- unfurnished sunny rooms; transients 60c
to $1.
- hint siren;.
I 7 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — SUNNY FUR-
X l nished rooms; quiet bouse; tourist specialty ;
tran-lenu
mTHtRD-MCE FURNISHED FRONT
room; suitable for gentlemen; $10 month.
William* Street.
II WILLIAMS. NEAR PO*T— FURNISHED
J X«y sunny front room; gas; private family; $6.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR SIXTEEN Til ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch ollice of lu_ Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
I _ —
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
IJAI VAN NESS. COR. BUSH-SUNNY
ITUI double and single rooms with board; tei.
7-19 POST— 2 NICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS,
1 1- with board, suitable for 2; $20 each; parlor
and piano.
If) j 7 WjfiBSTER, NEAR CXLIFORNIA —
I O 1 1 Sunny alcove room, with board; home
comforts.
A 1 9 LOVELY' FRONT SUNNY ROOM \
•1 1 _. for 2 with boaid: $22 50 each,
997 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED. BOOHS
_.-_. I en suite or single; first-class table board
fill? VAN NESS AYE. — FIRST - CLASS
I \J\) board and rooms; lowest price.
It SIXTH ST.— THE MANCHESTER: ELE-
"i'-i gant furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
HOTEL RILING. 714 Bl SH-A FAMILY !
hotel: references- all modern conveniences. j
CuitDi;_.» HOARDED.
PLEASANT HOME WITH REFINED FAM-
ily, tor child. Apply at 1727 McAllister St.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-.
llshed 16 yean: $18 per month; key at 639
second st.
carpenter-^hop; $7 per mouth. &De Boom st-;
key at -5M9 Se'ond st.
P. umblng- shop; $6 per month. 3 De Booms-;
key at 639 Second at.
Corner store, 631 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 639 Second st.
_]/• FOURTH--SM ALL STORE WITH ROOM
TID In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LlYTN'O-
rooms. 18U2 Howard at., cor. Fourteenth;
rent cheap.
C<;9 SIXTH — STORE; 3 ROOMS; LARGE
<->---» yard; lear entrance; rent $11.
"LMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
X 1 business; one block from Market. 16 Grant aye.
SJJ9C STORE 3 ROOMS: LIGHT CELLAR
<_'-•«-'. 1 128 Howard st., near Seventh.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
-a. basement. 324 Post st.
OFFICES TO LET.
1 MARKET — NEW, LARGE, SUNNY
lcfUO front office-rooms: all modern.
DESKROOM TO LET: CHEAP RENT. AP-
nly 609 Kearnv St.. room 8.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED i CURE FOR
nil female diseases; ladies may bave the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with best care, with the pnv.iry of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on ihedoctor and state their
case. All consultatlou free and confidential. Sole
agent Ilex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYER,
226 Turk st.
DR J. H. JOSSELYN.THEGREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers bis valuable services 10 ihe un-
fortunate. lib .-i mind matured and enriched by
.studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat 10 a feet cure. Ladies, he fa always ready
to assist you His knowledge has been' strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellc ■te organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female montuly remedies are sure aud
safe In their effects, lis tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He eels all others i , cure of private diseases.
Over 50 »ears of practice enables him to warrant
a core in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st- Call or write direct to 906 Marketst.,
rooms 11 and 12.
4 LL CASES OF MONTHLY' SUPPRESSION
-A. (from whatever cans?) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any lime; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice) my celebrated remed.es for monthly
suppression never fail: medical electricity for all
fema c comp aints: every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free, con fiden ia!; hours 1O to 5. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY' HARM-
JAi less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cau>e; co elec r: city hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. _.
APBOCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when m.-dlcines
and ethers have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market sU, N over the Owl Drugstore.
* NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, IN'STRU-
JA. mentor worthless, nil is used; every woman
her own pin slcian for all female troub es.no matter
from what cause: restores always: in one day: can
be sent and used at home: all cases guarantee .l: be
not deceived or m'sTd by self-praised advertisers.
DR.ruPPER.iIi" well-known pioneer, 318 Kearny
DR LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute run for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
snre, no danger or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box:
tent free by mail on receipt of price. \v ABLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 628 EDDY' ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
DR. AND MRS. RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
female diseases: Irregularities restored with-
out fail; no instruments; safe and sure: private
home: infallible pills; regular physician. 51 Fifth.
DRB. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed: any
disease or irregularities: best skill; free diagnosis:
low fees: self cure. 401 Van Ness aye.
ALFEAU*S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland
AT THE PEOPLE'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nshed for $1; cull or write. 10291. M rkct st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, Cal.
$," / _ PA ID FOR A CASK I FAIL TO CURB
OI.tVJ of female complaints or diseases of tbe
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOT'I,4IO Geary
IYU TRAK'> FEMALf. REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenairogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS A- CCdruggists. 406 Clay si.,soleagts,
DON'T FAIL TO CONsULT DR. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1061 MarKet st.: his 80 years'
tuccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS. DR FUNKE. 1416 Klgtath St., Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. PUETZ and be content. 264 Vi 4th.
1 iR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
i* Jones. Diseases of women and children.
■
ATTORNEYS-
ADVICE FREE: DIVOHCE LAYVS A SPEC-
ialty : private; no fee without success, probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st.
1 — . — — —^ ____
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. W. YV. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY- A T-LAW, CTIRON-"
. lcle building; advice free; low fa -s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS Suc-
cessful. J. G. JKFFRI 632 Market, rm.23.
4 PHOTOGRAPHERS -SUPPLIES.
UHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHI.MI-
X c.ils, paper and 6 plates, $2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary St.
STORAGE.'
REDUCED RATES," FURNITUrtE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 736 Mku
EDUCATIONAL.
LUCKHAKDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and school of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. . 26 O'Farrell «„: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1216 Octavia st., San F'ranclsco,
MISS ELIZA MAc KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynbam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa,
teacher.' Office days. Tours, and bau p. it.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches.
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
WANTED - A THOROUGH PRIMARY
M teacher resident in a boys' school: fullest ref-
erences to character and ability required. App
P. T.. box 118, this office.
C_TC COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
f_lC COMPLETE COURSE, or Graham) by
51cJ. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern aw stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 1816% I>os '- MSM
Y'RES'. THE LEADING COLLEGE S2T
Montgomery ' St.: Individual Instructioa la
shorthand, typing bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
life scholarship $50: low rates ncr week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING. ALL IMPERFEO
tlons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, Individual instruction; references from best in
California, PROF. R. t-. DAVIS, 1508 Markeu
-yOUNG LADY YVOULD LIKE FEW MORE
X pupils In any branch of English or mathe-
matics. Addresi J. E. C, box 149, Call Office.
11<NGINEEHING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.
-i civil, mining, survey, a.*sav, ..rchl'.. X ray
tarn, ht;es.lB6A A.VAN DER NAILLF.N.933 Mkt
QITEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
kJ College. 723 Market s:. ; students trained; efflre
situations secured lowest rates or credit for tuition
IfLOOUTION AND DRAMA; I EI.SAP.TK
J thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
BP.AL OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde
BKLASCO'SLYCKUd SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mku
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
15IANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
. best ref. .B. F., box 76, Call Office. -
SPANISH.F'HENCH.Etc,: Prof.DaFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Post st -.estab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 1 ay, or.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, i'lAX'o AND VOC'-i,
XX lessons, $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. YVRITNO. ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day Anight: noc!a>Be«: $5 month. 845MIssion.
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
4 BSOLUTELY' THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XV house west of Chicago Is KOHLER <fc
CHASE'S. 20,28 and M O'Farrell s.; pianos, or-
gans and all othi-r musical Instruments, 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $1. $5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10. $16. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER Co.
Salesrooms. 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
I. ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
■ ' Haines. Knabe. Bush <& Gerts andoihers; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. YV. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 i osL
ADM INIS I BATOR'S SALE — MUST SELU
pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON ESTATE 735 Markeu
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
i' the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CCVS.
GOOD UPRIGHTS »li.'s, $150 AND $175;
square $65: call soon. MAUY'AIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market st.
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from Meinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN. CLAY & COS.
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT;
cheap, sell Ml IZ, 16 McAllister St., next to
Hlbernla Bank. •
UOR SALE— A GOOD SQUARE PIANO; $50.
-C 702 McAllister su
TELEGA NT YVEKfcR AND STEINWAY; OR-
I- dered sold at once. 809 Market su, r00m. 12.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY * CO.'S ONLY' WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos
HORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post su
\\J G. BADGER HOLE A>-ENT FOR HALLET
" .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41 sacto.
© I ftft A WALNUT UPRIGHT. STOOL,
«JpXUL'. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Posu
PIANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY' _; CO.'S
on very easy payments.
SHAW, hTELNWAY $260. CHICKERINO
$185; great bargains; s4 mo. HcINE.I36 Ell _
RON MALZY. 208 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby <_ Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
UPf;RIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD A NEW
Cj H. MI'I.LER. maker, repairer. 2 I a: ham piaca.
HORSES.
PERSONAL PROP-. RTY SALE OF HORSE,
cart and harness, the pronerty of B. McMahon,
will be sold for board bill at auction at Grand Ar-
cade stab c, 327 Sixth st.. S. F., Wednesday, Feb.
17, 1897, at 11 o'clock a. it.
Afi HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
T" buggies, carls, harness; Grand Arrade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth sU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN it DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
XV.for sale. M.F. BOYCE'S livery stable, 38 12th st
CA HEAD OF" HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
•JUbuslness 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-sL car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mules.
Kftft sp:t NEW AND second-hand har-
-O\J\J ness; all kinds; boggy.wagon, carts, surra;
_. rock* way; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia
r.ft HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
•V"F:W AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
XN dry and milk-wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 828 Harrison su •
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
LARGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
ban- safe; cheap. 8 Miss on su
COW TO BENT— GIVES 2 GALLONS DAILY.
-403 Harrison su
ST. BERNARD DOG FOR SALE 2263 SUT-
ler st. .
CtOLLECTIeN OF 10 RARE VIOLINS FROM
) the estate of an artist for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10.
VTICE COUNTER AND SHt.LVIAu CuAl-
i-i plete for saloon use. 21 1 1 ,. Ninth st.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE:
stock: sire, champion, Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
3121/4 Fulton si.
ATFIYV ELMWOxDBANOKS ARE THE BEST.
XV YV. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California au
BOILEP.S,ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mcintosh* Wolpman, 137 Reals.
LARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
!■> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office, furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. ONAN, 1017-1019-10-1-1023
Mission si- , above Sixth.
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR*. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
COFFEE MILL SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
, ARS, SHOWCASE-, COUNTERS, SUKLV-
-1-1 ing, etc.. Lought ana sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7ta.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
. PROPOSALS.
"VfOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
Xi that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m., nt the Courthouse in Yuba Cltv, but-
ter County, < al.. receive sealed proposals for the
surrender of bonds Issued on Levee District No. 1
I of sutu_- count}-, according to an act of the Leg-
I is atcre. approved April 9, I*Bo. to the amount of
eight thousand five hundred ($8500) dollars. No
bids above par » ill be accepted. . All bonds mus:
accompany the bids I. J. LOP,.,
Treasurer of Sutter county, Cal.
Y'ubaCity, February 1. 1897.
PROFESSIONAL' CARDS.
JOHN 15. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker biuldxu.; n-t_,_ous Maia
75, San Francisco, Col
JOHN K. AITKKN ANDMAURICEL. ASHER
any* a: law, ims 516.616, 61A aoor.ParrotiolcU
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
SJ P\oft A BABGAIN; MUST BE SOLD:
«3)" i Ok)\J. offer wanted: house of 6 rooms: mod-
ern improvements; lot 25xi25; sunny belt of Mis-
sion. 1305 Guerrero su, bet. 25th and 26th. J. F.
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia su - - -
GjOftftft A BARGAIN: M DERN LARGE
tJjiUUU, j.r.iom cottage welt located in 1.0r.n;
convenient to electric cars and Berke ey train: on
t- rms to suit or will exchang -. Address owner,
V. P. MITCHELS, cor. Fourteenth and Webster
sis. Oakland.
A 1 INVESTMENT— NEW FIATS JUST BE-
-A. ing completed on Fulton au. near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be con heed: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
/fftftft FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
«Jp *± WUv/. New cottage on 23d ave_ East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brtcic
tuuudauou; bay windows; lot 52x160.
U. H. UMBSEN <fc CO..
14 Montgomery su
~— S " — ■■ S!S£ EBBS *** — *^"* -— '
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WHY PAY CASH -FOR LAND WHEN YOU
" » can buy it without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts of tbe land "
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres V 3
A mile from railroad and 3,4 of a mile from New
England Mills Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin. Placer County. These are all good tillable
lands and are adapted lor the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers required to improve properties: interest*
from date of purchase, payable annually in ad-
vance; payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 years from date, payable in annual pig-
ments, to be Increased each year as the places are
Improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
hama COunty has been surveyed into 4C'-acre lots
and will be sold .11 $16 to $-0 per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance to be paid in ten annual in-
stallments at 5 per cent on deferred payments. If
any one should wish 10 purcbas? the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price.
These three properties were taken In on mort-
gages, consequently are sold for hair their former
value.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO, room 29, secondfloor,
Mills building. .
FOR SALE-SUGARPINE TIMBERS LAND;
160 acres, at *32 50; worth $20 per acre. Tim-
ber, box 93, Call Office,
C_OX Oft FRUIT RANCH NR. VACAVILLK;
*Ir_o'/\J. over 900 fruit trees; SUO bearing;
would lake city lot (clear) for part pay menu P. a.,
box 159, Call Cfiice.
FOR SALE— IS 7 ACRES NEAR LY'TTON
Springs: fine mountain home; Sonoma County.
App y 705 Tennessee. ».L
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sal* ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, San FVanctsco.C'aL
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch: best part of Kern Co. 8., box -0, Call Office.
little homes close to TOWN; IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and in years' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 MarKet St., S. F.
SUBURBAN* KEAL ESTATE.
\ LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAT
-'» District: 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of Berkeie - . 8 from Oakland: 47 minutes from
San F'ranc.sco; lots 60x-0d: from $100 to $200;
Installments; send • tor a map. GEORGE YV.
H.AIGHT. 220 Sansome St.. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. V., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: 11^ commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
Oft ft ftftft AT 61 a PER CENT ON CITY
tJ\f\J .\J\J\J real estate: also Oakland testates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mli building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
ANY' AMOUNT; IST. 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bale: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 8.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, mO9 Markeu
DIRECT' OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays: 110 commissions: low
interest. Rm. 68. Donotiu* bids. 1170 Market s'-
fflJOO- ftftft AT BANK RATES; 'IST AH
«^0«-«).UUU 2d mortgages, estates, /ents, etc.;
>nd as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market su
14/HY" PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
. " We ioan at 65c interest pernio, on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any. security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE: VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
d_XPO,OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
L/erty : low rates. A. SCHILLER, 420 Cola,
LOAN'S ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
J of IcteresU JAS.RBi OOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
PItIVATE "PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security :low InteresU H.D., box 160, Ca1l Offica
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY'
amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
C. = A TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE: is &-D
0«->c/ mortgage: fiat or InstlmnU Dryden. 636 Cat.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW Ei.RY*,KTU
Columbia Loan <t collateral Ofllc*. 9 <trant avo.
LOST.
DOG-ENGLISH BLACK AND WHITE SET-
ler. mostly black; wears plain black leather
collar: medium size: name "Boxy. " Reward of
$6 will he paid on return of said dog to NE. cor.
Jackson and Laguna sts.
LOST— AT NATIVE SONS' HALL WEDNES-
day evening, bug pin sel with rubies and dia-
mond. Finder will be very liberally rewarded by
returning same to DAN O'CALLAGHAN, 300
Davis st.
LOST— FOX TERRIER DJO; ANSWERS TO
name of --Rum." Return to 2000 \V ashington
st. and receive reward.
OST— TUESDAY: BLACK DOG: PRINCE;
J part Newfoundland; reward. 2518 Broadway.
LOST— GREAT DANE DcG. WITH COLLAR
on with name Tigre. A. C. Peachy, San Lean-
dro. Return to C. PARDI, 1150 Valencia st.; re-
ceive reward.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE lIIREP.NIA
J Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, In
the name of DAVID ANGUS. No 201.959.
1 he finder will please return to the bank.
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
su: want ads and subscriptions taken.
DENTISTS.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: BEsT MAKE;
1 . kept to repair; extracting free: DUt_ca.oOc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
TjVTJLL SET OF' TEETH, $7: YVARRANTED 6
J? years; painless extraction: see ournewcombini-
tlou plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 ,0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
DR J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSTTI VFILY" PA IN LESS EXTRACTION. DR
HARDING, 600 Sutter cor. Powell; tel.raalns37o
FIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAY-
able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
CHALFaNT & CHA LEANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
ket sU . DR CHARLEs W. DECKER.
Srj A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED AS
I good as can be made; filling $1 DR t-LMlis,
demist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, ,'oc. CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 years'
experleuca R X WALSH, D.D.S., 81 5'^ Geary.
DR LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST, NR
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
SET OF TEEI'H WITHOUT ATUTa DR.
H. G. Young. 1841 Polk su
CAROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
.' ket. beu 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill. $1 up.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 610 -OCFarreiltu
LL WORK REASONABLE AND AVAR-
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DP- J. W. KEY". 11-J Market au
. HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST-
board and room $1 to *2 per day. 6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service: free coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
,: BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND— 2 TANDEM v,S«O AND $90;
2 roadsters, $25 and (30. good a- new. Goiden
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department. 26 Geary su
PHYSICIANS.
T_ILO. C. DON NELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
XJ, 2864 25th su ; diseases of women a specially.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OUR OWN 6-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and loi for -950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7t, $.> cash. $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
©7XTO »150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«JP I _» lots In the town of Flichbunj; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaud, on the Hay ward i
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE, owner. »15Va Washington sl,
Oakland Cal. N
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T/LaT
"■ WEEKLY CALL. In wraoner. for malilnjf,
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
71 FIFTH, COR. MARKET-SUNNY, FUR-
-4 ' X. nished for housekeeping; or single: cheap.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA KEAL rSTATFi.
GRAND BARGAIN-— COTTAGE SIX
rooms, bath, Santa Clara aye., 55 feet front-
age, prospective business property; 92000, a
pretty cottage, 5 rooms and bath. 40x140, clcs ' to
Chtstnut-st. station: $2250, cottage, 6 rooms, bath,
choice corner lot, between the two railroads: these
properties must be sold. Call or address W. H.
DOWSING, 2020 Enclnal aye., Alameda
Mi A FRONT FOOT; 100-150: .STREET
'fl'^-'i work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. 15. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alameda, or OaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
st, San Francisco.
BARGAIN— 25 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT. HAY.
grain, winter vegetables, acre; 83 acres rich
soT, 4 flowing spr'gs, $35 aire, all fenced, nr. Pleas-
anton, Alameda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
L ARGAINS-S3O PKR FOOT;LO IS ON NORTH
X) side San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
. SI 250— 50-160; .-an Josh aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; north side of -street; must be sold at
once. •' -" >- ■
Many other sacrifices.
' ' '• - ".'- ' -' AL* MEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
A WEEK'S news TOR 5 CENTS — THU
*%. WEEKLY CALL, In wraoper. for mailing.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
LOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR NICE
■ X home or business property worth $20,000— ;
One tine Unit ranch, full bearing, with house,
barn and implements complete; will produce $5000
worth of fruit per annum: no mortgage. Give
particulars and address E. D., box 140, Call Oflice.
C(\ HOUSES AND LOTS. FROM $200 TO
ov $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
CEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD IIOMEi
•~ for sale. COSTER A WHIT I on. Kan .los».
TRUSTEES* SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the autho-ltv Of a . certain
aeed of trust, duly executed by IiDiJAB L. DOW,
party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KEN trustees, par-
ties of the second parUand the SAN FBAN CISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of tha third part, dated
June 21st, 1892, and recorded In tha oflice of the
County Recorder of the county of Alameda State
of California, in liber 445 < f deeds, at pages 429
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 16th day of October, 1896. by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11. 7.-5), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust wes executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, anl requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estate described . therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
c, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the nnc.ion
salesroom of Wm. J. Dlugee", Nos. 460 and 462
Fighth street, in the city of Oakland, county of
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at public
auct on, to the highest bidder, for cash in cold coin
of tne United states, the piece or parcel of land
situate In the township of Brook yn, county of
Alameda Slate of California, described as fol-
lows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Orange avenue, distant thereon two hundred and
1 fifty (250) feet sou. herly from the southerly line
of East '! wenty-s-venth street, and running
thence southerly along said lli.e of Orcnc-e avenue
one hundred (100) feet: thence at right angles
westerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
■ easterly line of Sunnyside avenue; thence at
rluhl tmttles northerly along the last-named line
one hundred (100) feet, and thence at right angles
easterly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
point of commencement:
Being lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twentv-
slx (26) In block numb- rose (1), as laid down and
delineated on the map entiled --Map No. 2 of .he
Blasdel Tract. hast 1 aglann Heights, resubdi-
vided June, 1830, W. F. Boardman. C. E.," filed
June- 9. 1890. in the office of the County Recorder
of said county of Alameda.
'1 ogetuer with the appurteninces
Terms or sale— Cash in go.d cjiii of the United
States; ten per cent payab c 10 the undersizned on
the fall of the hammer; balance ou very of
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
percent to be forfeited end .he sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expens *. .
HENRY C. CAMPBEIiL,l T „,„, 0 „
THADDKUS B. KENT, / TrnBtees
TRUSTEES' SALE —IN ACCORDANCE
with the terms and under the authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COOK (fern me sole), party of .he first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, trustees, parlies of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS " UNION,
party •of the third par:, dated July 13th,
1832, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Alameda,
State of California, in liber 445 of deeds, at pages
461 and foi owing and In pursuance of a resolu-
i tion passed on the 28th day of January, 1b97, by
the board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVI.-GS UNION, a < orporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11.771), to secure payment of
which the at i>re«id deed of trust was executed,
declaring that oefault had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY c. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to s 11 the real
estate pescribed therein to sat sty said indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
DA Y. the 26th day 1 f Febr "ary. A. D. 1897, at
13 o'clock noon of that aa\; and at the i.uction
salesroom of win. J. Dinger. Nos- 4eo and 462
Eighth street, in the city of Oakland, county of
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
. lie auction, to the high s bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United Slates, the pieces or parce.s of
land, situate in the town of Berkeley, county of
Alameda, State of California, desenbtd as follows,
to wit:
Lots numbers eight (8) and even (11) as laid
down and delineated on the map entit.e i "Map of
PerattaPark, Berkeley, Alameda coun y, Cal.,"
filed March 24th, 1888. in the office of the County
Recorder of said county of A lamed «, and now of
record in liber 11. of maps at page 49, and to
which map and the record therecf special refer-
ence is bei eby made for further or more particular
description, together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sa c— Cash In gold com of the United
States: ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and it not so paid, -unless for want of title
(ten days 1 eing allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to oe forfeited and the sale j to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense
HENRY C. CAMPBELL 1 „,..„.
THADDEUS B. KENT, ) lr ustees.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by James A.
WAYMIBE, patty of the nrst part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and THE SAN
TRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
thirl part, dated March 29th. 1812, a.. recorded In
the oflice o- the County Recorder or the coun y of
Kern, .-state of California, :In liber 41 of deed*,
at pages 124 aud following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pissed on the 21st day of January,
1897, by the board of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11.552), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had be-n made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under, said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec ing said HKNBY C.CAMP-
BELL and THADDEI B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein, to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We, HENRY c. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice, thai on
TIE DAY. the 23d day of Feb nary. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, aud at the auction sales-
room et l- a-ton. Elurllge & Co., .no. 6.8 Market
street, in the ( ltv a d County ol San Francisco,
S. ate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate In the county of Kern. State of California, de-
scribed a i follows, to wit: .
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township twenr-six (26) south, range
twenty-six (26) east, Mount Diablo base and
me Idlau: = ■-.--:? .
Of section thirteen (13). the whole and ,
Of sec tion tweniy-three (23), the whole; ~
In. township iwenty-sjc (26) south, range
twenty -seven (27) east, Mount Dlab.o base and
meridian: . • ;.:...' •■
. Of lion nineteen (19). the whole; and
Of section thirty-one (31), the whole, together
with the appurtenaii' es.
TERM- OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbe fall of tbe hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense,
HENRY C CAMPBELL.) _,__„, ■
. .THADUEUS B. KENT. .-J Trustees.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses : have bee-
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
F. de Meuege and Echo D. Jefferson. 25—
John J. Rohrer and Louisa Seiiner 24—19.
Philip Lal nand. tear and Ida Lubke. 37—25.
Tedro C, Nunes and Rosa J. de Borbs, 60—
Terrence Hogan aud Annie McGowen, 26—24-
John P. Woods and Florence M. Donlan 28—2*0.
Lyford Sinclair and Mary D. Sutherland. 29—25.
Paul Schweoer and Louisa Reiser, 38—22.
Mlciae Sherman and • nnle Williams. 27—
IUTII& — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
COLLlNS— February 9, 1897, to the wife of Ezra
T. Collins, a son.
HAMAN— In this city. February 11. 1897, to the
wife of O. Ham in. a son.
JACKSON— In this city, January 13 1897. to the
wife of W. J. Jackson a daughter.
—
MARRIED.
BACKEBEBG— HOGREFE— In this city. Febru-
ary 1 1. 1897. by the Rev. J. M, Buehler, William
Backeberg and Dora Hogrete.
KNUPPE— BOY'CE— In this city. February 10.
1897. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Martin Kriuop#
and Lillian E. Boyce, both or San Francisco.
SINCLAIR— SUTUERLAND-In this civ. Feb-
ruary 1 1, 1897, by the Rev. Mardoti D. Wilson,
Lyford Sinclair and Mary D. Sutherland, both of
san Francisco.
STUART— SALOVEN— February 4. 1897, Fred
E. Stuart and Sarah Sa.oveu, boih of Los An-
K-les. ■MH^jHyaiii^
TAIT— KNURR— In this city. February 6, 1*97,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. John 'Tait and Emma
Knurr.
DIED.
Berdan. Mary B. La;an, Patrick
Brady, Maggie JlcQuotd. Emma
Carson. Wii.iam Murphy, Peter
Clark, John J. Nelson, G. A.
Dorritv. Roseanna W. O'Rrieu. Mary J.
Durnell. Margaret O'Day, Kittle
Ebsen, Jane C. O'Dounell, John
Forsyth* Samuel Olsen. Harry J.
Gordon, Joseph Qninlan, John
Hill, Mrs. J. J. Rue. Phyllis A. H.
Jarman, Lloerty A. Roth, Otto
Kiernan, Mary Shaw, Henry R
Kloppenburg, John F. Terpening, Anno J. B.
Wille, Theodore
BERDAN— Passed away, in this city, Fe'iruarv .
10. 1897, at 243 Fair Oaks street, Mary B Ber-
dan, belov.'d mother of F. C. Berdan and Mrs.
F. K. Cordero of Washington, D. C, a aa ive of
Kentucky. [Louisville (Ky. ) and Washington
(D. C.) papers please copy. J
gr9~F"riendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Friday), at 10 o'clock A. M.. at
243 Fair oa-u street. Interment private. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via 11:40 o'clock a.m.
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
BRADY— In South San Francisco, February 10.
1897, Maggie, deary beloved daughter of
Margaret and the late James Brady, and sister
of John and the late James Brady, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years and 9 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. Sixteenth avenue, near Bailroad,
thence 10 All Hallows Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. 11. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ceiueterv.
CARSON— In this city, February 11. 1897, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Carson, an
father of Robert E. Carson, a native of Balti-
more. Md., aged 57 years. [Baltimore (Md.)
papers please copy. J
£3~Remalns at the undertaking parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
CLARK— In this city, February 11. 1897, John J.,
deany beloved son of the late Mortimer' and
Mary Clar-, and brother of Mrs. C. C. Bar-
rett and Mrs. William Paige, a uative of ban
Francisco, aged 22 years.
DORRITY— In this city, February 9. 1897.' Rose-
anna W. Dorrlty, '
BITRNBLIi— In the City and County Hospital,
February 11, 1897, Margaret Durnell, aged 60
years.
EBSEN— Martinez, February. 8, 1897. Jane
conlin, wife of Edward C. Ebsen, and mother of
Ida J. and Edward Ebsen Jr. and Mrs. J. D.
Drinkall of San Francisco, a native of Tomb,
Counts' Galway, Ireland.
FORSY'THE-In this city, February 11. 1837.
Samuel, husband of Helena Forsythe, and
father of Ltlia Forsythe, a native of Ireland.
GORDON— In San Rafael, February 11. 1897.
Joseph Gordon, a native of Scotland, aged 81
years 11 mouths and 20 days.
HILL— In this cltv, February 10,1897, the wife of
J. J. Hill of Winnemucca, Nev., aged 41 years
and 6 months.
JARMAN— In this city, February 10,1897, Lib-
erty Agnes Jarman, sister of Charles P., Fred-
erick W. and Harry K. Jarman. unativ.»of San
Jose, CaL, aged _■» years 9 months and 6 days.
*S~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited 10 a'tend the luneral THIS DaY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking. Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
KIERNAN— this city. February 10. 1897,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Joun Kiernan,
and mother of James, Patrick and Katla Kier-
nan and Mrs. C. T. Hell, a native of County
Longford. Ireland, aged 62 years.
Js3~F'riends and acquaintances are respect-
ful Invited to attend ihe funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1606 Stevensoi street, thence 10 Mission
Dolores Church, where services will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KLOPPENBURG— In this city. February 9, 1897.
John Frederick Kloppenburg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 76 years and 8 months.
LAGAN — In this city. February 11, 1897.' Patrick
Lagan, a native of Ireland, aged 25 days.
AS - ' The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday) from SL Charles Church. Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h's
soul, commencing at 9:^o o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
McQUOID— In this city, February 9, 1897. Emma
McQuold, a uative of San Francisco, aged 28
years. •
MURPHY— In this city. February 10.1897. Peter,
beloved father of Thomas M urphy, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 95 years 1 month
and 3 days. . [New Bedford (Mass.) papers please
copy. ]
«_~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence or bis son, Thomas Murohy, 610 Gu-rrer»
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for ths
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'cloc c
a. _. Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. '
NELSON— February 11. 1897. G. A. Nelson, a na-
ive of New Y'oric, ajed 66 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 10, 1897. Mary
J., wife of the late Richard J. O'Brien, an"',
beloved mother of Richard J. O' Brlen. a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 55 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, v invited to attend the funeral 'THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock a. v.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission stree.,
thence to su Patrick's Church for services at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemtery.
O'DAY— In this city. February 10. 1897, Kittie.
beloved daughter of Daniel and Kittle O'Day.
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years and - 3
months.
Friends and acquaintances are resrjec-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her parents, 226^2 Clara street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In Oakland, February 10. 1897.
John O'Doanell, a uative of Ireland, aged 62
years and 8 days.
OLSEN— In Sou h San Francisco, February 11,
1897. Harry Johann. dearly beloved and young-
est son of John and Abble Olsen, a native of San
Francisco, aged "1 days.
__" 'Friends and acquaintances are raspact-
fn lv invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Friday) at 1 o'clock p. m. from the residence of
his parents, 1231 Eighth avenue south, between
L and X streets south. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
QUINLAN— In this city, February 11,1897. John,
b'Toved husband of Ellen Quln an, and father of
Mrs. M. E. Elliot, Tennis, Timothy, John and
the late Robert Qulnlan, a native of Ireland,
aged 56 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
RAE— In this city. February 11, 1897. Phyllis A.
11.. beloved daughter of James and Mary E.
Rae, and sister of Edwin J. and Raymond G.
Rae, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 6
months and 23 days.
ROTH— In the City and County Hospital, Febru-
ary 11, 1897, Otto Roth, a-;ed 26 years.
SHAW- In tola oitv. February 10, 18 »7, Henry
li, beloved husband Of Kate Shi w, and son of
the .ate Bradford C. Shaw of Providence, K. I.
A member of -orge 11. Thomas .at No. 2.
G. A. R. [Providence (R. 1.) papers please
copy. 1
*_-The funeral will take place THIS DVT
• (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence. 1906 Vaihjo stree:. lntermeni private,
l 'tease omit flowers.
TERPENING— In this city. February 10. 1897.
Anno J. 8., beloved son of H. A. and Jennie
It. Terpenlng, a^ed 23 years 10 months and 10
days.
- JKS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful! i. ivitedto attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'cloc- p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gr/9 Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission street, ' near 'Twenty-first. Interment
priva.e. F.ease omit flowers.
WILLE— In sun Rafael, February 11, 1897. Theo-
dore, beloved son or Franz Wille, and brother of
Mrs. C. Schutten and Mrs. B. Kuss -11, a native
of California, aged 25 years 6 months and 6
days.
j MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS ft EMBAIMKRh,
BO Fifth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. ,
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNEK
QANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITY HALL SO.UAKK.
Telephone South 43*.-
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO . COUNTY: NEAREST CEMJ*
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Othc.it »if/ Mark*
oxeet, southeast corner V ttuu*.
1314
CUBA'S CAUSE
HAS FRIENDS
Mayor Phelan Will Name
Many Local Commit
teemen.
HUNDREDS OF MAYORS
AT WORK.
i
The Cuban League of New York
Is Unifying the Friends
of Freedom.
MANY LOCAL PATRIOTS ARE IN
EARNEST.
Thoughtful Men Express Themselves
on tbe Subject and Agree to Act
on the Committee. •
The work of organizing a local league of
prominent men who sympathize with the
Cubans in their struggle for liberty is
progressing without interruption day by
day.
Mayor Phelan will heartily co-operate
with the New York League, of which
Colonel Ethan Allen is president, by ap
pointing a committee at an early date.
"I received . another letter from the
league headquarters in New York," said
Mayor Phelan yesterday, "and I shall
appoint the desired committee, as they re
quest, as soon as I am furnished a list of
names of men willing to serve. As 1 un
derstand it this league is rot urging our
Government to recognize the belligerents,
but it is organized for the purpose of show
ing that the sentiment of Americans is for
freedom in every land."
The following is the letter received by
Mayor Phelan yesterday :
New York. February 4, 1897.
Hon. .Taints D. Phelan, San Francisco, Cat. —
Dear Bib: a few days since we wrote to you
and the Mayors of 700 other cities of the
United States, requesting tne naming of a
committee of prominent citizens who would
organize a branch of the Cuban League of the
United States. We are receiving most satisfac
tory responses to those letters from all sec
tions ot the Republic. In no instance have
we receive- a refusal from a Mayor to
accede to cur request. The sentiment In favor
ol the independence of Cuba, from the reports
we are receiving, appears to be universal
throughout the country. Our desire is to give
such expression to this sentiment as will jus
tify the executive to take prompt action
to end ihe campaign of murder and destruc
tion now being carried on In that island at
our very door.
If you have not already sent us the names of
the committee for organization in your City
will yoj kindly do so at once? as we desire
that every city in the land should have a
share in promoting the cause of human liberty
in Cuba.
Again, will you Kindly hand inclosed clip
ping to just the right "lady in your City, with
the request that she will appoint other ladles
who, associated with her, can and will organ
ize entertainments as those representative
ladies of New York are doing?. Please request
her to report to us the progress she makes.
We shall be pleased to render them such aid
as we can.
It is apparent to all thoughtful observers
that Spain has not the power to crush the
Cuban patriots, and therefore the continuance
01 the cruel struggle in Cuba can only serve
to prolong a sense of abasement and humilia
tion in tbe minds ol all men who are confident
that this Republic has the power to end It,
end is in honor called upon to do so for the
highest good of all the parties directly con
cerned. Very truly yours,
Francis Way land Gi.en, Secretary.
The following citizens have already sig
nified their willingness to serve on the
committee and the Mayor will notify them
of their appointment in a few days. It is
the purpose io withhold the formal ap
pointment until the full preliminaries are
arranged, but the names subjoined will be
prominent among the committeemen:
Ex-Mayor Adolph Sutro.
General W. H. L. Barnes.
Colonel W. C. little.
William E. Bunker.
L. P.. Eliert.
James H. Barry. .
A. P. Van Duzer.
1 isln-r Ames.
. H. E. Highton.
Charles M. Sh>irtridge.
"William H. Mills.
Daniel A. McColgan.
A. Kuef.
J. E. tarry.
W. D. Crow.
General Edward S. Salomon.
Judge E. It. Garber.
Secretary Mascherini is busy making ar
rangements lor the organization of the lo
cal league on broad lines to fully co-oper
ate with similar bodies organized in other
cities throughout the Union.
"I am in receipt of a message from New
York,'' said Mr. Mascherim yesterday,
"stating that the movement is not only
growing all over the United States, but
over the world as well. A recent cable
gram from the city of Rome shows that
the party of Cuban sympathizers there is
gaining strength every day.
"I continue to get letters from all parts
of the coast showing full sympathy with
oar plans. While prominent citizens
favor the movement we also get letters
from the masses, and they are just as much
in interest as any others."
The following expressions from the
gentlemen interviewed show the general
drift of opinion:
A. P. Van Duzer— l am heartily in favor
of the movement. I believe in liberty in |
every country, and it seems to me that
public sentiment here might _ive great
moral support to the cause of the op
pressed.
Colonel W. C. Little— Jones and Mas
cherini deserve credit for the work tney
have done. lam glad the Mnyor is going
to co-operate with the liberal citizens of
oiher States in this movement. 1 shall be
pleased to aid the movement in any way I
can.
Attorney Edward S. Salomon — As an
old Grand Army man I cannot refuse to
express my sentiments. lam for the side
of Cuba. Those people are making a des
perate struggle for liberty and they are
entitled to all the aid we can give them.
Ex-Mayor Adolph Sutro — My sympa
thies go out to the Cubans, and while I do
not want to lead a movement or become
an active worker, I am willing to do what
I can for the cause of the oppressed.
W. E. Bunker— As one of the Sons of
the American Revolution, I am willing to
aid the revolutionists in Cuba. The
movement otiifht to ba fostered, and I am
glad committees are organizing here.
Every eood citizen ought to do all he can
to nid the oppressed. -
H. E. Highton— While I believe Cleve
land's message was sound doctrine rela
tive to the position this country ought to
take, and while I believe the • belligerents
cannot expect to be recognized by our
Government, my svmnathies are all with
the Cubans, because I am a lover of lib
erty in every land.
Fisher Ames— lt is a noble work. All
true friends of freedom will welcome the
effort now being made here. lam will
ing to sign the declaration of principles
put forth by the league.
W. H. Mills— am for the greatest pos
sible liberty in this country and every
where. I lirmiv believe that no territory
on this hemisphere should ,oe subject to
the rule of royalty. ' Cuba is oppressed
and , needs our aid and moral support.
This is a good movement. -••i»
• Attorney Daniel A. McColgan — I do not
see how any thorough American can re
fuse to subscribe to the principles of the
league.
A. Kuef — The very existence of a Cuban
league in this country shows that the tires
of liberty still burn. * I am for the league.
James H. Barry— The Cuban League is
a good thing for every lover of liberty to
indorse. I'.s principles are those of the
purest and best Americanism.
The prospectus which the foregoing gen
tlemen have indorsed, and which will be
circulated for a few days, announces the
purposes of the organization, as set forth
by Colonel Ethan Allen and Charles A.
Dana. It runs as follows:
This league, composed only of American
citizens, was organized at a large and enthusi
astic meeting, held in the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
New York City, December 14, 1896.
The purposed the league was expressed in
the following resolution :
lUtolvcd. That ihl» organization be called the
"Cuban league of the United stales," and that Its
purpose shall be to give practical consolidation to
the .sentiment of American citizens aud the moral
support- of the same In securing to Cuba, by all
legal means, the Inalienable right of self-govern
ment.
Tne following paragraph from the cen
tral league's appeal shows the general
spirit of the movement:
While we willingly give our sympathy in
words we should remember that there are
times when an empty hand carries no favor.
Such a time is the present, when the Cubans
stand in need of every necessary lor life and
exhaustive battles. They must, of course, be
drained of resources, which our people should
supply. Arms and ammunition, and, more
than these, food for hungry troops and people,
with medicines for their tick and wounded,
may be shipped to insurgent ports with full
permission of our statutes, since, with no
formal blockade against us, we may as freely
traffic there as with the ports of continental
Soain. To furnish these things, which may
legally be done, money becomes literally the
sinews of war. The league asks for subscrip
tions throughout the United states in aid ot
the patriots, which may be sent to Charles 11.
Denlson, the treasurer, Potter building, Park
row, New York City.
The Cuban League of the United States is or
ganized to give practical consolidation to the
sentiment of American citizens, and the moral
support of the same in securing to Cuba, by
all legal means, the inalienable right of self
government. It is proposed to so arouse pub
lic sympathy by mass-meetings and through
the press that recognition as an independcot
state shall be secured to the patriots.
The work of perfecting the local organ-
The Mansion on Nob Hill Which Mrs. Stanford Has Given to the University.
[From a photograph by Taber.]
ization will probably be completed within
a few days. Mayor Phelan and the Cuban
leaders will hold another conference to
morrow, and a mass-meeting will be held
at an early date. ;. :
WIDE OP THE MARK-
A Few Bullets Fired on Account of a
Divorce Case.
Jacob L. Thurston, a carpenter, . is
charged with an attempt to commit mur
der.
At 2:30 o'clock yesterday morning he
mad: a target of George H. Pettis, a
printer, on Valley street and San Jose
avenue. Pettis was engaged in a game of
cards in a saloon when Thurston entered
and began abusing him. The two men
passed uncomplimentary epithets forqulte
a while, until Pettis started home, fol
lowed by Thurston. The latter, according
to Pettis, tried to shoot him, but the bul
lets went wide of the mark.
The trouble is the outcome of a divorce
suit which has been in the . courts for
nearly a year. Pettis is a stepson of one
Harrison, a defendant in the divorce suit,
and they are anything but friends. Thurs
ton and Harrison are friends, and Pettis
accuses them of conspiracy.
Judge Bahrs has cited Harrison to pnrge
himself to-day of contempt of court in the
matter still in court, and the breach be
tween the contending parties is widening.
The shooting is only one of the side issues
in the case.
THE M LEOD CASE.
Preliminary Examination of the De-
fend an t Commenced Yesterday.
The preliminary examination of Wil- ;
liam McLeod, ship's caiker, charged
with chokine his wife to death at 212 j
Cortland avenue on January 19. was com- |
menced before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Several witnesses were examined, the j
most important being Mrs. Ella Bates of j
Berkeley. She detailed how McLeod ;
came home, and, after abusing his wife j
for having him arrested tor battery, he :
knocked her down and choked her. Mrs.
McLeod got up, staggered into Mrs.
Gagen's house, next door, and expired in
a few minutes.
The case was continued till to-day,
when the defense will endeavor to prove
that Mrs. McLeod had b^en a sufferer
from heart disease, and that alone was the
cause of her death. The Coroner's jury
charged McLeod with manslaughter.
Divorce* Granted
Divorces have been granted as follows:
Clara G. Walker from Walter E. Walker, for
desertion (plaintiff allowed to resume maiden
name, Peek); Samuel D. Rosensteln irom
Theresa Ko.'.enstein, for willful desertion;
Lizzie J. Wilson from Frank K. Wilson, other
wise known as Frank Moss, for neglect and
desertion; Emma Abraham from Frederick
Abraham, for cruelty.
Jewelry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street. '. $BW^&f*VBSB&&0&
Felony Kinbczzlement.
D. Levintzky, real-estate agent, 304 Mont
gomery street, was arrested yesterday after
noon on a warrant charging him with felony
embezzlement. He was released on $1000
bonds. The complaining witness is Moses
Cceraan, who alleges that Levintzky failed to
account for some money handed to him in con
nection with a -estate deal.
They are peers iv their profession— binding
or printing. The Myiell-Kolltns Co., 22 Clay.*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1897.
GIVEN TO
STUDENTS
Mrs. Lei and Stanford's
Generous Present to
the Public.
IT IS THE OLD FAMILY
MANSION.
The University Trustees For
mally Accept the Respon
sibility.
THE VALUABLE CONTENTS IN
CLUDED.
It Was the Wish of the Late Sen
ator — The Toner Regards It
as Her Horn?.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, widow of the late
Senator Leland Stanford, yesterday trans
ferred to the trustees of the Leland Stan
ford Jr. University the family mansion
situated at the southwest corner of Cali
fornia and Powell streets, to be held by
them in trust for the benefit of the stu
dents and the public. In makine the ,
deed in trust Mrs.' Stanford imposed cer
tain conditions that must be fulfilled.
This generous gift has been contem
plated for some time, maybe for years, for i
the lady stated that in doing so she was j
hut carrying out the well-known and ex- j
pressed wishes of her late husband.- Not
only did she give' the house and the .fifty:
vara- lot on which it stands, but the gift
includes the contents of the mansion,
consisting of many thousands of dollars
worth of works of art, statuary, mosaics,
a library full of rare books and its picture
gallery, which contains the products of
the brushes of many a well-known artist
in the Ola and New Worlds.
Mrs. Stanford reserves the right to the
premises for the remainder of her life.
White she has a beautiful residence in
Palo Alto and another in Washington,
D. C, still she holds dearest the mansion
on the hill.
For twenty-two years she has regarded
that place as her home. It was there that
she spent tbe happiest hours of her life
surrounded by her family and the memo
ries of the husband and son who have
passed to the other side of life still center
in the house- on the hill.
For a long time past Mrs. Stanford has
determined to dispose of the property in
the manner named, but in order that her
wishes might not miscarry she has taken
her time in arranging the conditions of
the transfer. When these were decided
•he informed the trustees of the univer
sity, and yesterday the latter held a
special m eeting in the Stanford mansion,
of which they formally accepted the trust.
Irving M. Scott presided. There were
present Trustees Goodall, Hnrkness,
Dodge. Belch, r, Taylor, Slo*s, McFarland,
Miller, Spaulding. Wilson, Stebbins,
Grant, Lieb, Lithron and Qiay. Mrs.
S:anford explained her intentions, wishes
and directions as to the purpose of the be
quest in this manner:
Mr. Chairman and Members of the Board of
Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University:
In deeding to you this home and its contents
this afternoon 1 am merely carrying out the
intentions of my beloved hast) nid and doing
what he would bave done bad I been first
called hence to the life eternal and be re
mained here alone. In his last will and testa
ment he distinctly and at some length ex
pressed such intention. Therefore, while lam
left alone to execute this deed, it is in fact the
deed of both of us. And since this is the first
opportunity 1 have had of bestowing by my
self a gift upon the students of the Leland
Stanford Junior University, I deem it proper
and fitting to give the trustees a few direc
tions in regard to the future work, which, in
the natural course of events, It must soon be
their duty to curry out as managers and re
sponslb.e custodians of that institution, but
which for the present, by the will of our
heavenly father, devolve* on me as sole sur
viving founder of the university.
In the first place 1 hope that the time may
come when this home, which is so dear to mc,
will be found useful as an affiliated college to
tne Leland Stanford Junior University or as a
library for the use of the students of the uni
versity and the community at large, and it
would rat ily me exceedingly if I could fill it
with books aud make it accessible to all. But
in Whatever manner It may te ultimately de
cided that this home be used I wish it to De
expressly understood that I direct that it be
devoted to the u«es and service of the Leland
Staniord Junior University. and I direct and de
clare that it shall never be converted into a
clubhouse, a boarding-house or a place of un
dignified Amusement.
In the second place, let me sneak of the
honored president of the university. Every
year since his installment, his superior abili
ties, hit remarkable influence upon the
faculty and students, ! and in return their
fidelity and loyally to him, have filled- me
with gratitude. That one so able, so scholarly
and yet so approachable to all classes of so
ciety, so willing and ready to lecture and aid
all Institutions throughout the State, many
times making self-sacrifices to do so, should
be among us. I am sure has caused California
at large to feel that my husband was wisely
led when he selected him ior the position he
so ably fills. As for myself, I could say much
in his praise, ior he has tenderly and man
fully helped to lighten my burdens and as
sumes the cares and responsibilities of his po
sition without any complaint, fearing to add
to my cares.
I will only add that my earnest and sincere
prayer is that no circumstance may occur to
take him from his present position during the
years in which the responsibility still rests
upon me. And I would ike to think his con
nection with my husband in the past may
serve as a link that will bind him to the uni
versity for many years to come, wnen good old
age may still find him amid the scenes of dear
Palo Alto blessed and honored by the citizens
of California and the students and graduates
that go forth each year to fill their places in
life.
WhatJl am now about to say I have frequent
ly discussed with Dr. Jordan, but repeat it to
you because I. have been asked by several of
the trustees to Indicate to them some of my
wishes which it may be desirable for them to
carry out when they take upon themselves the
responsibilit es.
A subject I feel most reverentially under
obligation to touch upon, is one of a religious
nature. An impression exists in the minds of
many whose commendation and strengthen
ing prayers I need and seek, that the students
of the university are not directly taught to
reverence God and his wonderful works. It
was God's goodness to my husband and myself,
as evidenced in the many blessing* we received
from him, that umpired our hearts wltn grati
tude and gave birth to this university. It
seems to me, therefore, most proper and neces
sary that a reverence for God's name should
be one of the fundamental truths there ex
pounded. It was such a feeling that caused
my husband to direct during his lifetime, that
while no particul*r sect or creed should be
allowed to intrude on the university, there
should be taught therein "the immortality of
the soul, the existence of an all-wise and be
nevolent Creator, and that obedience to his
laws is the highest duty of man." 1 will here
quote his own written words to me on the
subject :
"Religion is intended as a comfort, a
solace, a necessity to the soul's welfare, and
whichever form of religion furnishes the
greatest comfort, the greatest solace, Is the
form which should be adopted, be its name
what it may. The best form of religion is trust
in God and a firm belief in the immortality of
the soul, life everlasting."
It is my direction that this vital and most
important fact be not lost sight or; that the
students when they enter the university be
taught that every one born on earth has a
soul-germ and that on its development de-
-. .._-:.-..,.' v,--. i-'s-.'ii'J ■ •- .:•"■•
pends much in life here and everything In th ■»
life eternal. Cultivating the soul intelligencd
will endow them with that which is beyon
all human-science and reveal to them God's
very self. Thomas a Kempis has said, "How
noble is. the soul of man; what wondrous
powers are hidden with it. It can find no rest
until it hath attained to the supreme good —
reached its aim; when once this is attained it
then'enjoyeth peace." Another well-known
writer has said, "Religion does not consist in
confession; it does not consist in repentance.
It consists only in the purity of the heart and
in the life of the individual."
And another says: "There is no narrowing
so deadly as the narrowing of roan's horizon
of spiritual things; no worse evil could befall
him in his course on earth than ' to lose sight
of heaven. And it is not civilization that can
prevent this: it is not civilization thatcau
compensate for it. No widening of science, no
possession of abstract truth can indemnify for
an enfeebled hold on the highest and central
truths of humanity. What shall a man give
in exchange for his soul?'' To teach this
means the simple truths taught by our great
est of all teachers, Jesus Christ.
In this connection 1 recall a statement made
to my husband and myself by the late Mark
Hopkins, president of Williams College, while
spending an evening at our home in Washing
ton in 1880. After reading aloud to us the
fourth chapter of Ephesiaus he remarked : "A
general observance of this chapter would civi
lize the world." I call your attention to this
remark because it was made by one of the lore
most educators of this country.
Representatives of all denominations with
out any restriction are invited to occupy the
pulpit from Sabbath to Saboath at the uni
versity, and 1 note with satisfaction that the
students as a rule attend voluntarily in large
numbers, and listen with rare attentiveness to
the sermons preached. I also note with gratl
ficatlou that there pervades among them a
deep and sincere religious sentiment, as is
shown by the regular Sunday evening meet
ings attended chiefly by the young men and
women of the university. 1 feel assured that
God has a plac<j in their hearts, therefore I
have thought that as soon as my financial con
dition warranted it 1 would like to establish a
professorship of Bible history, to be filled by
one who will letch it without any prejudice.
in the next place I would impress on you
the importance of a subject near my heart
that of economy being taught the students. A
student will be better fitted to battle with the
trials and tribulations of life if he (or she) has
been taught the worth of money, the necessity
ol saving und of overcoming a d-sire to Imi
tate those who ore better off in the wor.d's
goods. For, when he has learned how to save
and how io control inordinate desires he will
be relatively rich. During the post three and
a half years of close observation on my purl
the importance of economy has impressed it
self forcibly upon me, and I wisn it to be
taught to all students of - the university.
Nature has made the surroundings of the uni
versity beautiful, and the substantial clmrac
ter of the buildings gives them an appearance
of luxury to impress upon the students the
necessity of their preservation for the genera
tions that are to follow. The lesson thus
t;iught will remain with them through ltf >
and help them to teach the lesson to others.
The university buildings and grounds are lor
their use while students, in trust lor students
to come. MjBiIH 1 1 1 Mill W^tVi iflinmc
Another subject I have given serious con
sideration to is that we should not be ambi
tious in increase the present number of stu
dents, 1100, for some years. If our
Heavenly Father spares me to become the
actunl possessor of the property it was intended
should be mine, it would afford me great satis
faction to add some necessary buildings— the
chapel, library building, chemical building
and two additions to the museum— the latter
in order to have a place for the works of art
and curios I direct to have removed there
from my home in tnis City, my home at Palo
Alto and my home la Washington, D. C, after
my departure from earthly life. Even with
the addition of the?e buildings, the present
number of students would only be made com
fortable, but they could then use all the rooms
in the quadrangle, which are now over
crowded, as recitation-rooms. These build
ings are needed, and I hope the trustees will
be able in the future to build them, if I am not
during my lifetime.
The next subject to which l would call your
specixl interest in the luture is the mechanical
departments. I know lull, well how impor
tant my husband considered > these debsrt
ments. The large workshops were fitted up at
an enormous expense with the very finest and
best of machinery and tools. During the first
two years there were over 100 students busily
engaged in learning how to use their hands
dettly ;and usefully in the machine-shops.
This number, from some cause which we can
not understand, has been. steadily decreasing
from year to year.
It was a theory of my husband that the labor
of a man whose brain has been developed in
conjunction with skilled hands made him so
superior to the ordinary workman as to enable
him to command the highest compensation.
He also felt that the presence of these depart
ments in the university tended to greatly
dignify labor.
Many of the students come to this univer
sity because the advantages are free and be
cause they know that they will be obliged to
carve out their own future, and with the en
couragement which we will give these depart
ments in the future they may gladly pursue
this course of study. The professional world
has more than its quota, while the manual has
still room for more skilled workmen. If these
departments are encouraged and work in the
machine-shops and wood-working departments
are made major subjects their graduating
classes would be larger and would readily find
responsible positions. When you put on the
armor and take up the work where I leave it I
charge you to pay special attention to these
departments. Let the laborer always keep be
fore him these words of our precious Savior:
"My Father worked hitherto, and I work."
in the act of the Legislature under which
the Leland Stanford Jr. University was
iounded and is now in existence is the follow
ing clause: '-The person making the grant
may therein designate such rules and regula
tions ior the management ol the property con
veyed as the grantor may elect to prescribe;
but such rules shall, unless the grantor other
wise prescribe, be deemed advisory only and
shall not preclude such trustees from making
such changes as new conditions may from
time to time require." And In the same act
of the Legislature occurs the following clause:
"And In all cases the powers and duties con
ferred and Imposed by such grant upon the
trustee or trustees therein named shall be ex
ercised and performed by the person making
such grant, or by his wife durin. his or her
life as the case maybe; provided, however,
that upon the death 61 such person or his sur
viving wife, as the case may be, such powers
and duties shall devolve upon ai.d shall be ex
ercised by the trustees named in the grant
and their successors."
Now, thereiore, under the terms of these
clauses and in the exercise of the powers that
the act of the Legislature give me, I, as re
maining grantor of the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, do hereby elect and direct that in
future when a vacancy or vacancies shall oc
cur in the beard of trustees of said university,
either by death, resignation, removal or in
ability to serve, or by any other cause, said
vacancy or vacancies shall not be filled until
the number of the members of the board of
trustees be reduced by death, resignation, re
moval, inability to serve, or 'for any other
cause, to the number of fifteen, after which
as a vacancy may occur it shall be rilled In the
manner designated in the grant of endowment,
but the number of trustees shall thereafter
never exceed fifteen. In the'board of trustees
nine persons shall constltnte a quorum, but
the assent of not less than a majority of the
whole— to wit, eight shall be necessary for
affirmative action in the execution of the
trusts herein contained.
And further, in accordance with the pro
visions of the aforesaid act of the Legislature,
I do hereby elect to direct that from this time
forth when a member of the board of trustees
shall be appointed he shall be appointed for
the term of ten year*, Instead of as heretofore
for life. But this shall not apply to the mem
bers of the present board of trustees.
In explanation of these two changes in the
board of trustees I will state in resard to the
first that during the last few years of my hus
band's lifetime he frequently discussed with
me the advantages of a smaller board than the
one of twenty-four members and the advisa
bility of the number some day being reduced.
As regards the appointment of members for
a limited term of years Instead of for life, I
have considered the matter from many stand
points, carefully and prayerfully, and have
nad the advantage of the experience of other
institutions governed by boards of trustees,
with the result that I deem it important and
beneficial to make the change. This change,
however, does not apply to any members of
the present board.
In making alterations in the original grant
of endowment I feel a solemn conviction that
1 am doing what my husband, were be still
with us, would have done.
Before closing, let me further direct that, in
course of time, the board of trustees shall
elect and number among its members many of
the alumni of the university.
•'Dear Father in heaven, I wish thy will to
be done and not mine; unless my will be thy
will, 1 ask for thine instead of mine."
With this she handed over the convey
ance of the property, which set forth the
facts that Jane L. Stanford, surviving
widow of the late Leland Stanford, who
aeparled this life on June 21, 1893, is the
party of the first part; and that Francis
E. Spencer of San Jose, Charles Goodall,
Charles F. Crocker, Timothy Hopkins,
Henry L. Dodge, Irving M. Scott, H. W.
Harkness, Horace Davis and George E.
Gray of San Francisco. John Boggs of
Colusa, Thomas B. McFariand of Sacra
mento, Isaac S. Belcher of Mnrysville, N.
W. Spaulding of Oakland, William M.
Stewart of the State of Nevada, Charles G.
Lathrop, Edward R. Taylor, Joseph D.
Grant and Leon Sloss of San Francisco,
Josiah W. Stanford of Alameda, S. F. Lieb
of San Jose, Frank Miller of Sacramento,
Horatio Slebbins of San Francisco,
Thomas Welton Stanford of Melbourne,
Australia, and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco, as trustees under the grant
founding and endowing the Leland Stan
ford Jr. University, bearing the date of
November 11, 1885, and duly executed
and acknowledged by Leland Stanford
an I Jane L. Stanford, are the parties of
tne second part. In legal language the
document states that Mrs. Staniord grants
and conveys in trust to the trustees and
to their successors the following described
parcel of land, with its buildings and con
tents:
Commencing at the corner formed by the
intersection of the southerly line of California
street with the westerly line' of Powell;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of California street, 206 feet and 3 inches ;
thence at a right angle southerly and parallel
with the westerly line of Powell street 275 feet
to the westerly line of Pine street; thence
at a right angle easterly and along the north
erly line of Pine street 206 feet and 3 inches
to the westerly line of Powell, 275 feet to the
southerly line of California and the point of
commencement, and being portion of block
164 of the 50-vara lot survey of the City and
County of San Francisco. ,'  ;
Together with all and singular the tene
ments, hereditaments and appurtenances
thereunto belonging, or in any wise apper
taining, etc., and situate thereon, to have and
to hold with the appurtenances unto the said
parties of the second part as trustees, and to
their successors and assigns forever, under tne
grant founding and endowing the Leland
Stanford Jr. University. Subject, however, to
the light of the pArty of the first part to keep,
use, have and enjoy the same and the whole
thereof for and during the term of her natural
life; and thereafter the same shall be ded.
cated and set aside as an affiliated college of
the Leland Stanford Jr. University, or as a
library for the use of the students of the said
university and the people of the City and
County of San Francisco, or for some benevo
lent purpose, for the instruction of the said
students -and the people in such a mode and
manner and with such limitations as to the
said parties of the second part and their suc
cessors may seem best; and the same shall
never be appropriated for the use of a club
house, a boarding-house or a place of undig
nified amusement.
To this was signed the name of Mrs.
Stanford, with the names of Russell J.
Wilson, Bertha Berner and James Mason,
the notary, as witnesses. While deliver
ing her address and while listening to the
reading ot the document Mrs. Stanford
was visibly affected. The trustees ac
cepted their new responsibility and
assured the donor that her wishes will be
observed in letter and spirit. She thanked
them tor the assurance and for their help
to her in carrying out the desires of her
husband.
To a. Call reporter a little later Mrs.
Stanford said: "I do not claim all the
credit for what i have done to-day. Years
ago my husband and I discussed this
matter, and we decided that this would be
the best use. to which we could put this
property. I am doing no more than he
would have done had I been the first to
pass over to the other - life. We cannot
carry to the other side one grain or atom
of our earthly possessions, and "it is best
serving the. Heavenly Father that we dis
f raw TO-DAY— GOODS.
ISTORE \
I NEWS. |
___
E: - 2
E THE STORE A-BUZZ WITH WASH GOODS GOSSIP. FUNNY HOW THE _3
NEWS SPREADS. AND SUCH STOCKS! THE BUYER IN THIS DEPARTMENT =5
§=: HAS PROVEN HIMSEL.V A PROPHET. THE NEW DESIGNS AND COLORINGS _J
I£_ ARE REVELATIONS OF LOVELINESS. PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMCS-THE =-S
j ZZ VERY SMALLEST CONSISTENT WITH QUALITIES ATTACHED TO THEM. ZS
El TO-DAY'S SPECIAL No. I. SPECIAL TO-DAY No. 111. __2
__j CANTON FLANNEL, unbleached, the 29- BALAAM TOLU COMPLEXION SOAP =£
J^ inch heavy 10c grade, to-day at SPV^S or ButtermUk, " "*" ia a_S
fc «Wo «- Yard. So _-.____ 3
: SS^ (Not over 12 yards to each customer. ——"_■__.. -— ■
«£r NO. IV. _S
I•— No. 11. LADIES' BOUND GARTERS, fancy — *
\*^ FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, blue mix- frilled, pink or light blue. The 12c lot
■"*" tores and stripes, sizes 34 to 44 of our to-day at — « .
S^r dollar line to-day only at Qc a -E 3 **.!!-.
*^~ 780 -Hacll. (Only two pairs to e-ch customer ) Z2
fc: (Two to each customer.) _,_,_- w--. - /-, . -5
SI l PYTDA Our stock- -5
1 WASH HlBl HOSIERY^?! I
WASH addnewTeTuf? HOSIERYw h er c 3
% GOODS - h o»^ SELLING '<£*£& i ,
VJV/V/L/^ aimost the We buy of /
CCA P ■ little flowers the mak«r; pay cash and buy lor 7-^
5= 4_7_-\l-«l--<» and buds that stores. Manufacturers give us — «»
seem to bloom and blossom in discounts many wholesalers --
SI every yard. Tin brcnest stock of would be glad to tret. The extra
P summer loveliness we have ever P rcfit is yours. Unusual selling _^
handled. this week. --
gT~ LADIES* BLACK COTTON HOSE, gen- ZZ2
■»— JACQUARD SWISS, one of 97's buds— A erally 3 for 50c. Hale's price —^
raised corded figure makes a delicate lS%c Pair 5
•»- background a veritable rainbow of con- — .*
•_"• trastlng colorings. The price. 35c yard LADIES' BLACK COITON HOSE, sold ~2
y~ around town for -Oc. Hale's price ~"t»
»- BATISTE DE LA TOILE— The smell of 14c Pair — «
_?*— the flax tells its quality; openwork ""^
5^ stripe* seem to add to the beauty of the LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, all
*»— dull linen background. Thepnce white foot, pure maco yarn. A special —^»
25c Yard 23c Pair =^
g- DEUTELLE EUTRE DEUX— Sprays of LADIES' BLACK CO TON HOSE, our ~j»
S_l dainty little forget-me-nots, scattered 3SVb c stocking. On sale this week at ZS
■»— over a delicately color -d surface, form 39c Pair — *
ST" tne background for lace stripe effects; a ~"2*
\t\^- rare novelty. the price 2.1 c Yard CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON HOSE, a_s
•— special sch joI stocking, very tough, gen- "^
y~ HAWTHORNE TISSUE — Pretty little erally 20c. Hale's price this week — g .
»■- floral splashes, set oft by hairline stripes, 12^_c Pair ~^
*-**- crisp, smart ana in _ood taste. The —^
35^ price 15c Yard SEE OCR HOSIERY DISPLAY. =2
fc $*€£!€ =S
/ [incorporated] jS
fc 937-945 Market Street, 3
CjZ SAN FKAJiCIstO. -2
pose of what we have here so that it will
do the greatest good to the largest num
ber when we are gone. I would have done
this before no doubt but for the trouble I
have been to in relation to the big Govern
ment suits that have involved the estate.
"While I remain on this side of life, for
Ido not consider that here is any such
thing as death it is only a change — I will
regard this bouse as my home. All of the
tender ties of husband and son, whom I
will join before many years pass, are cen
tered In this home, and when I pass out 1
want this home to become a part of tbe
educational system that my husband es
tablished, and which he was so deeply in
terested in. When I pass over I do not
want these things in which my husband,
ray son and I took so much pleasure
scattered, and by the means adopted they
will all be kept together and be of use and
benefit to many others."
One thought is suggested in the dispo
sition of the Staniord mansion in this
way. Adjoining is the Hopkins Institute
of Art, which by similar arrangement on
the part of the donors has passed to tbe
University of California and for similar
purposes. In the future these rival uni
versities will be rivals indeed, for each
will have a City annex of grand appear
ance. In each will be congregated at times
the best and brightest minds that the
world will produce, ana each institution,
with but an ornamental stone fence divid
ing, will endeavor to harbor genius and
talent that will outrace and outshine the
other. ' ; fi-
Brought From Yuma.
Detective Ross Whitaker retumedWedcesday
from Yuma, Ariz., with E. W. Schubert, the
defaulting cashier of the Russ House. Schubert
told Wbita Ker that he was glad to^et back to
the City and was sorry that he left. He said
he had no grave fears for the result of his trial.
NEW TO-DAY.
BABY'S COniNQ.
Nature intended that
id I* every woman should
fl If look forward to the com-
ygTiKfJ * n E °f ncr baby with joy
T \yWrs and hope, unclouded by
ftSTj/'- anxiety. Almost -pain-
IBSsk * ess P artu rition is quite
IJB&fl the usual thing among
/ OMi uncivilized people.
J\t) .~ every n own country
// If look forward to the com-
ing of her baby with joy
and hope, unclouded by
anxiety. Almost pain-
less parturition is quite
the usual thing among
uncivilized people.
Even in our own country
//iHinfi. *'• occasionally happens
///§&§ij with women in robust
//!&U?\ health and good condi-
II IE-i&ft tion. It ought to be the
// WW&i rule instead of the excep-
// /I_t*_3 tion ; and it is a fact that
/£(£?.'*s>? a very large proportion
feiffl^, of the usual pain and suf-
fering may be avoided by
looking after the mother's general health,
and specially strengthening the particular
organs concerned in parturition. : --J-
Many mothers have been brought through
the trying time almost painlessly by the aid
of Dr. Pierre's Favorite Prescription. It
prepares the system for delivery by im-
parting the organic strength and elasticity
which the mother specially needs ; shortens
the time of labor and of confinement ; pro-
motes the secretion of abundant nourish-
ment I for the child and fortifies the entire
constitution against the after period of de-
pression and weakness. It's use should '
begin in the early months of gestation— the
earlier the better.
Mrs. Fred Hunt, of Glenville. Schenectady Co.,
/v". v., says : " I read about Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription being so good for a woman with
child, so I got two bottles last September, and
December 13th, I had a twelve-pound baby girl.
When I was confined I was not sick in any way.
I did not suffer any pain, and when the child-
was born 1 walked into another room and went ,
to bed. I never had an after-pain or any other
Pain- This is the eighth child and the largest
of them all. I suffered everything that flesh
could suffer with the other babies. I always had
a doctor and then he could not help me very
much, but this time my mother and my husband
were alone with me. My baby was only seven
days old when I got up and dressed and left my
room and stayed up all day." . v . -
THESEARETHREETHINGS
I YOU m REMEMBER-
3 -Largest Stock,
Largest Store,
Lowest Prices,
AND WE SELL FOR CASH OR OX THE
EASIEST ™ PAYMENTS.
FURNITURE for Four Rooms $75 00
OAK BED SETS, eleven pieces 24 50
ASH BED SETS, eleven pieces 2160
TAPESTRY CARPETS, per yard 65
LINOLEUMS, per yard...., 45
MATTINGS, per yard lo
No. 7 STOVES AND RANGES 7 BO
BLANKETS, per pair 150
COMFORTERS 1 CO
SIX-FOOT EXTENSION TABLES 4 00
KITCHEN CHAIRS 60
WE HAVE 2AGREsTf FLOOR SPACE.
«T. 3sroo_sr_s__sr,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
51G-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evenings.
(Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Our 181 pi Neat
Make lid
$1.10 $1.10 jj
YOU ARE LUCKY
If you buy one of the bargains we are l
offering this week, Our loss 1* your gain.
We must offer Inducements on account of
the double blockade a: Third and Market
streets. MLses' and Children's genuine
Kangaroo Calf i ace f-hots, with neat
pointed toes and tips and spring heels: the
very latest and swe'.lest style, and every
pair guaranteed to wear; wluihs. D aud E.
Child's «lzes. 8 to 10y 2 .... 5110 1
Misses' sizes, 11 to _ 135
For a J Don't j
Ladies (g^ Kl_ I Tnis. «
$2.00 JTSS!^ $2.00 j
SPECIAL— LaIIes' Extra Fine Vicl Kid
Cloth Top Southern Tie*, Razor Toes anl'
Patent leather Tips, Hand-turned Soles
and French Wooden Heels, will be sacri-
ficed at *2 a pair, worth $4 a pair: all sizes
and widths-
JT_- Country orders solicit*!.
*_- Send for New illustra'-el Catalogue.
.Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
IO Third St.. San Frr»rt«l«or>.
L— ■— — —^— —^^^— —
DR.MQNULTY. *
ri^HIS well-known and reliable OLD
._." Specialist cures Prlvate.Nervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manlj* Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily ; 6:30 to 8.30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddress
P. ROSCOE McSItLTT, M. _>
36'; Kearny .Street, San rranciaco, Cat.