VOLUME LXXXI.-NQ. 80.
MEN TO AID THE
CAUSE OF CUBA.
Mayor Phelan Names
; Members of the Local
League.
COLONEL ETHAN ALLEN
IS NOTIFIED.
{
The Names Are All Those of Well-
L Known Men From Many
Walks of Life.
A MASS-MEETING, MORAL INFLU
ENCE AND MANY SPEECHES.
The Local Movement Is Only Part of a National
Protest Against Spanish Brutality to Women
and Children and a Plea
for Liberty.
The local movement in aid of the strag
. gling Cubans has passed beyond the stage
of infancy and has now become a sub
stantial movement in behalf of the down
trodden. ■
.Mayor Phelan yesterday named the fol
. lowing to act as a committee to engineer
the movement and give it moral support
, in Ban Francisco:
• I). S. i!ichard.4on.
■ x-jlaj-i»r.\il(i]iiii Sutro.
"' General XV. H. 1., Barnes.
Colonel W. C- Little.
William M. Bunker.
1.. ■". JSllert.
JumesH.. Barry.
A. P. Van Duzer.
.Fisher Ames.
• H. E Hijjhton.
Charles M shortrldge.
William H. Mills.
Daniel A. McColjjaiL.
. A. Kuef.
J. K. larry.
W. D. Crow.
General JMwunl S. Salomon,
I.i-Jiulge K. K. Garber.
I. J. Truman.
11. B. Musters.
George H. Williams.
• ■ Frederick Maude.
Sheriff R. I. Whelan.
Justice of the Peace Groesinger.
Gavin McXah.
Joseph L.eggetW
. George T « ad en.
J. Frank Pierce.
Thomas Hubbard CaswelL
Charles L,. Patten.
M. W. Willis.
A. Meyer.
C. E. Lundstadt.
Robert I'erral.
<.eorge Peck.
Oscar. T. Shuck.
Major W. I-ahey.
It is near this frontier where the troops are concentrating ; the Turks at Salonika and the Greeks at Larissa. Artu and
Prevesa, where anti-Turkish demonstrations have occurred, are on the Gulf of Artu on the soutnwest. Elassona is just north
of Larissa on the Turkish side. The Turkish reserrea for Upper Macedonia assemble at Monaatir and Okrida.
The San Francisco Call
•John I". I. yon*.
Kd win W. Joy.
Colonel G. W. Granciss.
Nelson Pierce.
Frank MrOovan.
W. S. Scott.
K. P. ( li-lll:-nt.
11. W. Mutton
•Judge F. W. Van Keyiiejom,
W. F. Doulittle.
Henry B. Livingston.
Colonel Charles L. Taylor.
James W.Ornriorff.
Dr. I>. £>. L,u»tig.
'*■*>*»•• < UT.n'»i£hnm '
G. Frittenbuca.
X II Luna » t-.nn
Profe«a«>r Bolton Coit Brown.
Dr. C I. Sohraelz.
Mayor Phelan yesterday sent a letter to
Colonel Ethan Allen of New York, who
originally requested him to co-operate
with the Cub; sympathizers here. He
notified Colonel Allen that he bad delayed
making the appointment for ten days or
more, awaiting the pleasure of Messrs.
Jones and Ma-cherini, who had the affairs
of the league in charge here. He inclosed
for Colonel Allen's perusal The Call's
list of itteemen and account of the
proeress of the movement, and concluded
by hoping that the 700 Mayors who have
been invited to co-operate would find
representative citizens to aid the cause ol
the oppressed by every lawful means. In
addition to this the Mayor stated that the
San Francisto committee had- been par
ticularly fortunate in inducing citizens of
known ability and standing to consent to
serve on the honorary committee.
A circular letter was at once prepared
and mailed to each of the foregoing gen
tlemen, conveying the official information
that their names were confirmed as au
MAP OF THE GREEK FRONTIER.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
thor'zed members of the committee.
It is probable that D. S. Ricnardson will
be made chairman of the committoe and
Daniel A. Me Col can secretary. The work
of the body is not aggressive, but is largely
negative, the greatest value being the
moral influence of the organization and a
list ol strong names.
"Professor Bolton Coit Brown of Stan
ford readily consented to act on the com
mittee," said Mayor Phelan yesterday,
"and I found him an enthusiastic sup-
Dorter ot the principles advocated by this
league. The list of nam?s submitted to
me to act is entirely satisfactory. I tind
many names of men of known standing
and markea ability, and men from nearly
all walks of life are represented."
Major W. Fahey of the Cosmopolitan
Hotel is one of the most enthusiastic
members of the committee. He says ft it
were a question ol battle he could soon
raise a strong company to do or (Me for
the struggling Cubans. "I shall do all I
can among the Irish," he said ye3terrlay,
"and I think every worthy son of old Erin
ought to realize the glorious ri-jht these
oppressed people are making for liberty.
The heart of the world beat* for the poor
women and children beaten by Spanish
tyrants and brutally put to death. Noth
ing can justify such outrages as we read
of daily in tne newspapers. As an Irish
man 1 say that The Call ought to be
written up as a friend of liberty for the
noble stand it has taken in this fight."
The following letter came from Seattle
yesterday and it shows the extent of the
feeling for Cuba on this coast:
Seattle, Feb. 12.
Cuban League, San — uenti.kmkn:
If there is thine I can do to aid you at this
distance please wire or write me without de
lay. I know many people here who stand
ready to give time and money to help the
Cubans. We will do everything within our
power and within the bounds of law. Sin
cerely, Walter S. INTER.
The committee will probabiy write to
Mr. Hunter and try to induce him to
organize a league at Seattle and have a
committee appointed there by the Mayor.
Many letters come to the committeemen
daily from people in other towns, who are
anxious to do something to aid the cause.
Efforts will soon be made to have leagues
started ail over the coast.
Thr next step in the local work will be
to get a hall and arrange for a mass-meet
ing of all friends and sympathizers of the
straggling Cu!>ans. Attorney W. S. Scott,
Henry E. Higbion, General Kdward S.
Salomon, General W. H. L. Barnes :md
oilier weil-known speaKers will probably
be present and discuss the subject in its
popular aspects. The date of the meeting
will soon be determined.
The following communication and ex
tract from the Mission Daily Mail of this
Cay explain themselves:
San 1 rancisco, Cal., Feb. 13, 1897.
Fan ■ " it.Stcrct'iry Cuban Coinmitt-r—
I'Eak Sir: You may place my name upon
your roll or a:iy public committee that you
desire. My sympathios and my pen have been
with the Cubans lrom the start.
The inclosed Clipping, .which appeared in
the Mail of to-day will best express my senti
ments. Respectfully, .
Frederick r.. Cp.iFrrTH,
Editor Mission Mall.
'The American sympathy is always with the
oppressed, and had there been a true Ameri
can iv the White House the year past the
Cubans would have had a substantial proof of
this country's recognition of their right to
govern themselves. Tne mass-meeting that
will shortly -be held in San Francisco in the
interest of Cuban Libre should be attended by
every liberty-loving citizen. California was
once under the rule of Spain and it behooves
us to extend with generous hand what assist
ance we can to those patriots who are but
following the example of our btate in emerg
ing from the oppression of Spanish authority."
us. citorr at:is a DIVORCE.
Married Her Hnrthlm* En,jlith Ilutband
<»» ."•■in t- rtnrinrn.
. LONDON, En'c, Feb. 17.— The trial of
the suit for divorce brought by Virginia
S :epard Cropper, an American woman,
against her husband, Edward Deniuan
Cropper, a native of this country, was
concluded to-day in the divorce division of
the High Court of Justice, me court
granting the plaintiff a docre*. The suit
was instituted by Mrs. Cropper upon the
grounds of desertion and infidelity. The
couple were married in San Francisco in
1874.
CHECKED BY
THE POWERS
Greece Warned to Cease
All Hostilities in
Crete.
FORCE WILL BE USED BY
THE NATIONS.
Anti-Turkish Disturbances Have
Recently Occurred in
Thessaly.
WARSHIPS PREPARED TO STOP
FURTHER ATTACK?.
Although the Island Will Ultimately
Go to King George Turkey Mobi
lizes Her Fleets.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 17.— Anti-
Turkisn disturbances have occurred in
Thessaly. Shots have been exchanged at
Artii, on the Turkish frontier, where a
Turkish guard across the border was
struck by a bullet.
Colonel Vasses, commanding the Greek
forces in Crete, has received instructions
from the Government to avoid any en
counter with the foreign forces on the
island, but to execute the orders of the
King, which are that he shall occupy the
island and restore order therein. The
Macedonian and Cretan committees have
arrived at an agreement to concentrate
their efforts in Crete to the end of secur
ing a union of the Island with Greece.
It is believed liere that detachments of
marines were landed from the foreign war
ships at Heraklion, Retiino and Sitla yes
terday, it being tue purpose of Vice-Ad
miral Canevaro of tne Italian navy, who
is in command ot the united naval forces
of the powers, to prevent attacks by the
Greek forces upon those places.
The provinces named are reported to
nave become less disturbed, and affairs
are returning more nearly to their normal
condition.
Colonel Vassos, commanding the Greek
corps of occupation, it is said, made no
opposition to the landing of the marines.
Prince Nicholas of Gree.e, i» command
of a battery of fl«»<i artili«ry, started to
day for the Theasalonian frontier. Large
CORBETT AND HIS RETINUE ARRIVE AT CARSON.
A great crowd had gathered on the depot platform to get a glimpse at the famous boxer. Dozens of cameras were in readiness for "shots." Instead of
alighting on the platform, however, Corbett quietly slipped out of the rear exit of the last car and was on his way to the hotel before the crowd discovered how it had
been tricked.
[Sketched by a ''Call" staff artist ]
crowds of people gathered to witness the
departure of the troops and gave the
soldiers and their commander an ovation.
The belief prevails here that a diplo
matic conference will shortly be held in
Berlin for the purpose of settling the
question of the union of Crete with Greece.
It is expected that the matter will be de
cided in favor of Greece, and that Prince
George will be chosen prince of the island.
Later advices from Crete confirm the
rumors that detachments of marines have
been landed from the foreign warships at
Haraklion, Retimo and Slati. The officer
in command of the French marines who
compose the force of occupation at Reti
mo, the advices say, has issued a procla
mation to the inhabitants of that place.
CANEA, Crete, Feb. 17.— Vice-Admiral
Canevaro, commanding the Italian war
ships in Cretan waters, has been chosen to
command the combined naval forces ol
the powers in these waters as the senior
admiral of the united fleet. He has for
mally notified the commander of the
Greek squairon, Prince George of Greece,
of the occupation of the town by the ma
rines of the foreign warships, with the
consent of the Turkish Government. To
this notice the Italian admiral added the
Warning that the Greeks must not make
an attack upon the town, which is under
the protection of the flags of the great
powers.
As the result of n conference of the com
m: nders of the foreign squadrons, held on
board the Italian flagship to-day, Admiral
Canevaro sent a note to the Greek Consul
informing him that any attack upon the
part of Greece upon Canca, Reiirno, Sitia
or Heraklion would be repulsed by the
warship-i cf the powers. The Consul was
also warned that all further hostile action
on the part of the Christian insurgents and
the Greek troops in other parts of the isl
and must cease at once.
Vice-Admiral Cavenaro, commanding
the allied naval forces of the powers in
Cretan wators, has written a note to the
Greek Consul at this place informing him
that it is the purpose of the powers by
their occupancy of various cities of the
island to promote a bloodles3 settlement
of the Cretan difficulty, and that, there
fore, uny attack upon the towns occupied,
whether made by Turks or Christians, will
ba repelled by the united forces of the
powers. He also urges the insurgents
and Greeks to abstain from military ac
tion In other parts of the island.
The Greek Government having reopened
their consulate here has resulted in the
creation of an anomalous situation, and
the European commanders have notified
the « onsul that he must lower his fl;ig in
view of the hostility displayed by his
Government.
CONSTANTINOPLE, TrpKEY.Feb. 17.—
At a special meeting of the council of
Minis;ers it was decided to leave the paci
tication of Crete in the hands of the
powers. Military measures were adooted
by the Paslia. The Sultan has informed
the foreign diplomats that he is greatly
pleased at the landing of foreign marines
at Canea.
The Government has issued an order for
the mobilization of the Turkish fleet with
the least possible delay. This action is
taken to in licato that while the Sultan
has hopes of interference by the great
powers, he will be ready for the emer
gency should the expected action not be
taken.
The Sultan has appointed Jaratheodori
Pasha as Turkey's High Commissioner in
Cre'e.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey. Feb. 17.—
Tns Minister of Marine ln> r . asked the
Government for a credit of £500,000, Turk
ish, to defray the expenses incurred iv
preparing and mobilizing tne Turkish
fleet. Two squadrons are now being pre
pared. The first, which will comprise
four warships and ten torpedo-boats, will
sail within five days, under the command
of Vice-Admiral I'"a lk. The second will be
commanded by Vice- A imiral Hassan and
will consist of five warships and ten tor
pedo-boats. Fifty thousand naval reserves
have been summoned for service, in addi
tiou to the Redifs of the Tnird Army
Corps, now at Salonica, and the Redifs of
Trebizond have also been ordered to join
the < o'.ors, making altogether HBOO men
who will be concentrated near the Greek
frontier.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 17.— The Daily
News will print tomorrow a dispatch
from Athens saying it is reported tttere
that a pert of the "corps of occupation"
commanded by Colonel Vassos to-day at-
tacked the town of Boncolion. The Turk
ish garrison, after a brief resistance,
yielded, and the Greek forces took posses
sion.
The Athens correspondent of the Stan
dard says that the insurgents on the island
of Crete are everywhere swearing loyalty
to King George of Greece. Five hundred
troofS started yesterday and landed on
the island of Crete to-day. Great quanti
ties of stores, provisions and munitions of
war are also being dispatched to Crete.
The foreign Ministers, the German repre
sentative excepted, have collectively ad
vised the Government to recall the fleet
and the troops, but this is not likely to be
done.
Two classes of the Naval Reserves have
heen called oat. The Greek ironclal
Spezia has arrived from Toulon. The
Nepoli di Romana Regiment started from
Athens to Crete to-nigh:. The Kalaruata
Regiment will follow to-morrow.
The Macedonian and Cretan committees
have acreeel to pursue a policy of united
action in regard to me troubles in Crete.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Skouzes, re
plying to the foreign Ministers, says that
the dispatch of Greek troops to Crete is
not aggressive, but that it is calculated to
Continued on Second Page
CHAMPION CORBETT
SHOWS STURDY FORM
Engages in Hard Exercise
Without Apparent
Distress.
PROOF THAT HIS LUNGS
ARE SOUND.
After Woods Is Exhausted He
Compels Big MeVey to
Call Quits.
JULIAN SELECTS QUARTERS FOR
FITZSIMMONS.
The Antipodean Will Train at Cook's Ranch, Two
Miles From Carson, for His Battle With
the Doughty Athlete From
San Francisco.
GAKSON, Key., Feb. 17.— Jim Corbett
had his first look to-day at Shaws Springs,
the place chosen for him by his brother,
Harry, and Eddie Cooke, his advance
agent, for his training quarters. He was
delighted with the place. It was nearly
noon when the bi^ San Franciscan ex
pressed a desire to go out to the springs.
He was particularly anxious to ascertain
what progress had been made by the car
penters who are building his handball
court.
As over a foot of snow now covers the
streets of Carson and the road to the
springs, as the result of last night's
storm, sleighs were chartered for the trip
instead of carriages. Those who went
along with the champion were Harry and
Joe Corbett, Eddie Cooke, "Kid" Eagan
and several newsoaper correspondents.
The latter were jocularly informed by
Corbett that he bad not as yet heard that
any particular newspaper had secured the
exclusive right to send representatives to
the training quarters and all hands would
in accordance be welcome to go along
with him.
Shaws Springs is nearly a mile and a
half irom Car-on and the plac« is admir
ably adapted for just such purposes as
Corbett intend" to u^e it for. There is but
little difference between the altitude qf
this place and that of Carson, which is a
fact that had much to do with the selec
tion of the springs by Corbett's handlers.
Upon his arrival there James J.s atten
tion was first directed to the handball
court, which is now nearly finished. He
would have found it completed had not
the snowstorm of ye-terday driven off the
carpenters, but even in its present shaie
it pleased the. tall boxer.
"Gee, I only wish it was finished to
day," he said enthusiastically; "I would
just like to have a few rattling good gnmes
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
right now, and I'll bet I would beat tho
whole crowd of you."
"Except me, may De," said Joe Corbett.
"No, not except you, either," was the
hot retort. "You are an easy mark. I
can beat you with my eyes shut and both
ieet tired."
The boss carpenter informed the pugili»t
that his men were engaged in clearing tha
snow out of the court, and would resume
their work as quickly as possible.
"Don't you think that with a little
hustling you could finish her up Dy to-
morrow?" asked Corbett, with some show
of impatience.
"By to-morrow night, probably," was
the reply.
"But could not you get the court far
enough advanced so that I could play in it
to-morrow afternoon. There is something
extra in it for you if you do."
The hint at the tip had the desired
effect, and Jim was promised that he
would find things in good enough shape
for a game when he arrived.
Aline Host Slingerland t* en took the
champion In tuw and showed him ail over
the springs. First they went to tbe neat
little two-story cottage where James and
his trainers are to sleepdurin^ the coming
month's siege of training. The biz fellow
was delighted with the house and at once
selected for his private bedroom a cozy,
sunny little room in t: c south side of the
first floor. There are two bedrooms on
this floor and a sitting-room. Corbett
named ths latter the whistroom and re
quested the host to provide it with a card
table.
•'I wish we had room here for a billiard
table, too," sighed the champion.
"Plenty of room over in the hotel,' : said
Slingerland.
"Is there ? Well, that's fine. I'll hare a
table Bent out to-morrow."2
The natural hot baths which have made
Shaws Sprinps famous have no charms for
Corbett. At this lime of year, when the
atmosphere is so raw and biting, it is dan
gerous to indulge in these luxuries. Many
an indiscreet bather has been laid out v itn
pneumonia and Corbett has been warr.ed
regarding this. It has had the effect of
causing him to decide to eschew the baths
altogether. He said to-day that while he
considered himself robust enough to defy
the atmosphere he did not believe in tak
ing any chnnce3. He would not, he said,
risk any thing that might have a possible
tendency to prevent his meeting with Fitz
simmons. He only hoped that the Aus
tralian would be equally careful of his
health. Corbett intends to coutine bis
bathing to cold douches. He left orders
with Slingerland to have a big barrel
stilted up near the cottage, with a shower
room attachment.
Satisfied that everything was to his lik
ing at the springs and that he would be
happy there, the man who boasts that be
will thump all of the pugilistic aspirations
out of tioughty Bob Fitzsimmons re-en
teied his jingling sleigh and returned to
town for dinner.
The big lellow and his trainers arranged
to have the use of Armory Hall this after
noon for a couple of hours' exercise. This
was considered by every one in the party
an impouant step, as it would supply the
first evidence of Corbett's ability to en
dure violent work in this high altitude.
The experiment resulted most satisfac
torily to ail concerned, for Jim demon
strated that his lungs were in magnificent
condition and mat he could late a tre
mendous amount of exercise without be
coming distressed.
He started off with a set-to with Billy
Woods. Now Billy hails from Denver,
where the altitude is a leading feature,
and in consequent he is quite used to do
ing fast woric in a rare atmosphere. No
better man than he could put Corbett to
the test of to-day. It was a red-hot bout
and lasted fully twenty minutes without
rest. Despite Woods' trained bellows, he
'vas soon blowing like a whale, whereas
Corbett seemed to be not in the least
fatieued. He good-naturedly joked Woods
about being lazy and getting old, and en
couraged him to return to the attack with
more vigor. Billy gave the San Francis
can all he had and then had to retire for a
spell of breathing.
Without even so much as stopping to
take a rest, Corbett seized hold of big
Jack McVey, the wrestler, and they began
to pull and haul each other around the
room unmercifully. McVey perspired and
puffed, and still Corbett continued fresh
ana strong. He finally released the giant
gladiator with the remark that "You
chaps had better cet in and harden up if
you want to trot in my class."
Although herculean efforts are being
made to bottle Oorbett ud for the ex
clusive enjoyment of his interview fora
San Francisco newspaper the champion
persisteutlv refuses to make a sphinx of
himself. When seen to-day he was found
to be the same open-hearted, genial fellovr
as of yore and as ready as ever to talk,
even though he diJ consent to sign a
statement for that same paper denying
that he had given out any signed inter
views to other papers and that he would
continue to be ever thus virtuous. But
nobody has bought the right to shut his
mouth, even it' they think th^y Lave.
James talked freely and willingly regard
ing his plans and the general outlook.
"I was somewhat disappointed, 1 ' he
said, "to find that my handball court
could not be finished to-day, for I bad
counted upon beginning my actual hard
training tnis afternoon, l'ou see the fieht
takes place just one month from to-day,
and I have all along figured upon begin
ning the last of my rough work on tne
17th of February, but I have been proni.sed
that the court will be in eood enough
shape by to-morrow afternoon to permit
my using it, and that means that I will
begin work then. 1 will go to the springs
after lu.ich to-morrow and remain there
until the day of the fight. The snow will
limit me mostly to indoor work for a time,
but I expect to see the roads dry before
long and that will p?rmit me to get out
for some long runs and tramps.
"I am delierhted with the springs. They
constitute an ideal training place for this
part of the country. I have not mapped
out my regular daily routine as yet, but it
will probably be about the same as my
former preparatory programmes. I am
already in eood condition and need only
to improve my wind ana get used to the
climate. I feel s-itisfied that the altitude
will have no bad effect upon me. I put in
some hard work to-day with Woods and
McVey, just to see wtiat the effect would
be, and 1 was not in the least distressed.
I am confident that I will go into the ring
fit to ti^ht for my life.
"There may be no harm iv adding what
I have said often before, and that is, that
I am going into that ring to whip Fitzsim
monb. I'll whip him as sure as there is a
sun in the heavenß."
Martin Julian speat most of hi» time out
on the country roads to-day in search of a
suitable tra.ning-place for his brother-in
law, Fitzsimmons. He visited Steamboat
Springs, dvi did not like the place, and
declined to accept it. He inspected sev
eral other locations, but nothing BUited
him uniil he struck what is known as
Cook's ranch, a delightful place about two
miles south of Carson. This was just what
be wanted, and he lost little time in mak
ing a dicker for the use of it. Reasonable
terms being offered, he closed the bargain,
and now it is settled that Kitzsimmons
will train there. The big fighter was noti
fied of the selection by telegraph to-night,
and will start to-morrow for Carson. He
will get here Saturday morning and go di
rect to the ranch.
There is a comfortable twelve-room cot
tape on the place which will afford ampie
room for Fiizsimmnns and his family and
trainers. About 200 feet from the house is
quite a lame pavilion, which serves for
danoes during the summertime. This will
be fitted up as a gymnasium, and no bet
ter place could be found for the purpose.
The rancli is well stocked with cattle and
fowl, and there is everything there that
the Australian could desire. The roads
surrounding the place are level and in
good condition, so he will not be hampered
at all in his favorite style of conditioning
himself — long runs and twenty-mile
tramps.
Dan Stuart was closeted with the archi
tects again to-day trying to get out a set
of plans for the amphitheater he wants for
the big mill. Several contractors are here
in the hope of gettine the job. It is
understood that a decision will be reached
and the contract let to-morrow morning.
When Corbett was to-day fondling the
collie dog that is to be present as his mas
cot during the coming campaign, the dog
sunK his teeth in the 1 i i tie linger of Jim's
left hand. The champion spent the next
h'lteen minutes alternately sucking his
wounded finger and soakinc it in raw
whisky.
Fitz*itn*non» at Colorado Spring*.
GLEN WOOD SPRINGS, Colo., Feb. 17.
Pugilist Fitzsinimons and party arrived
from Leadville at 10:15 o'clock this morn
ing and spent the day resting and looking
over the town. Fitzsimmons was the hero
of the hour ana had many callers at the
hotel. He is in good spirits and is look
ing forward to the big fight with the
greatest confidence. In the evening be
pave a sparring exhibition with his
trainer, Hickey, and the audience wen t
wild with enthusiasm. The party left for
Salt Lake at 10 o'clock to-night, where it
will arrive at noon to-morrow. Fitzsim
mons will appear at the Grand Opera
House in Salt Lake and leave for Carson,
Nevada, after the perfoiinance to-morrow
oigttU
ANOTHER BOUT
WITH COMBINES
Rubber and Soda Monopolies
Engage the Lexow
Committee.
Mr. Flint Tells of the Elasticity
of the Syndicate He Rep
reseats.
How Its Capital Stock Was Stretched
From $4,300,000 to $26,000,000
by Absorption*
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.— The
legislative committee investigating trusts
and monopolies in this State resumed its
session to-day. Charles F. Flint of the
United States Rubber Company again
took the stand. Before beginning Mr.
Flint's examination Mr. Lexow announced
that tne affairs of tue National Wall-
Paper Company would be taken up to
morrow.
Mr. Flint was asked if he had any
of the documents concerning the
organization of the United States
Rubber Company, and he produced the
certificate of organization of tt.e com
pany. Mr. Flint then gave the capital
ization of the various companies that
composed the United States Rubber Com
pany. The capital of the various com
panies absorbed was $4 30J,000, for which
$26,000,000 stock of the United States Rub
ber Company was issued. Mr. Flint said
he baa no personal knowledge as to
whether a proper price had been paid for
the properties for whicu. the $26,000,000
was issued.
Chairman Lexow became considerably
angered twice when Mr. Flint's answers
to his pointed questions were somewhat
evasive and he demanded "yes" or "no"
in sharp tones. Mr. Flint admitted that
he was interested in the Lycoruintr Rub
ber Company, but he could not tell what
he got for his interest. He admitted
that the United States Rubber Company
paid bankers a commission of 'l\ 2 per
cent, or $500,000, for selling the stocK of
the various companies.
"Was it paid in cash?"
"No, sir; in Block."'
'Will you produce data in regard to
that transaction after recess?"'
"I will endeavor to do so."
"Now, Mr. Flint, we don't want to be
too severe in regard to this matter, but we
think that this question of capitalization
is most important, and whether yenir com
pany is a New Jersey company or a New
York company, we mu?t have the.fnfor
mation we seek." said Senator Lexow.
"I will try to get it for you."
"Have you any knowledge of these
agreements of the trusts with theagents?"
asked Senator Lexow.
"I "want to say "
Chairman Lexow eot angry at this, and
rising in his scat waved the document in
front of the witness. "Have you any
knowledge of this agreement?' be
shouted.
"Not in detail," answared Mr. Flint,
who looked scarea.
"That's ali; let it co at that." And Mr.
Flint breathed easier.
Mr. Flint said he did not keep himself
posted as 10 the workings of the manufac
tories and did not know that the factories
had been closed down, restricting produc
tion and thus throwing many hands out
of employment, sometimes in the dead of
winter.
The witness was entirely lacking in in
formation when Questioned concerning
many details of the business. He was of
the opinion that the only way the price of
laoor could be maintained in this country
was by the centralization oi labor. By
means of this central- zation the American
wage-earner can compete against cheap
labor countries like Japan and China. He
also stated that his company had manu
factured more goods than was demanded.
"Is it not a fact that you have advanced
the price of rubber shoes from $1 90 to
$2 60 and that the price is now $2 55?"
"I don't know anything about that."
At this juncture a recess was taken,
Mr. Lexow excusing Mr. Flint until 10
a. M. to-jnorrow.
Alter recess the committee took up t c
soda syndicate, a combination recently
formed.
William J. \Valker was the first witness.
He said he was connected with the film of
Church & Dwight Company of Wall street
who produce bicarbonate of soda, sal soda
and saleratus. The business of the firm
bat been limited principally to the States
of New York and New Jersey, but busi
ness in the soda trad- lias been conducted
in every State in the Union. The com
pany had agreements with grocers.
"Can a jobber handling your goods and
not having an agreement compete with a
jobber handling your goods and having an
agreement?"
Witness replied that he did not believe
he could. He explained the purpose of the
agreement, as follows:
"The wholesale grocers came to us and
told ns they could not do business unless
they were protected as to price. They said
if we did not protect them they could do
no business. Tha wholesale business was
a nuisance to us and we did not wish to go
into it. That was in 1889."
The witness said there was no idea of
driving other goods out of competition
and (ieclared that his company by this
agreement had limited the sale of bicar
bonate to the two brands furnished by his
company. He admitted that there was
some competition in the sale of bicarbon
ate of soda, but refused to acknowledge
that his company had a monopoly in the
sale of that article in this State.
Charles G. Pope, the iunior member of
the firm of J. Monroe Baylor & Co., testi
fied tnat the factories' agreement in regard
to the sale of bicarbonate had affected
their business considerably. The witness
further said that but for the factories'
agreement bicarbonate of soda and other
kinds of soda would sell from 1 to \% cents
a pound less than at present.
An adjournment was here taken until
to-morrow.
MAJOR KcKINLEY IS BETTER.
Takes a Drive With His Wife in the Sun-
shine, but Cannot Receive His
Many Callers. .
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 17.— Major Mc-
Rinley is considerably better this evening.
He took, upon the advice of his physician,
a short drive this afternoon, while the sun
was bright and the air warm. Mrs. Me-
Kinley, who has also been suffering with
hi grippe, accompanied him. It is not
likely that after his recovery he will see
any visitors save the few for whom he
sends.
Mr. Hanna returned to Cleveland this
afternoon. He came to make a friendly
call upon Major McKiniey and to ask
about his health. Mr. Hanna has recov
ered his own health and is in fine condi
tion again. The feeling in Ohio is that he
will be appointed to succeed Senator
Sherman.
General W. W. Deadley, who is a friend
of Major Mc&inley, called to-day to speak
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
for a moment with the President-elect and
Mr. Hanna about the matter of selecting
an escort to accompany Major McKinley
from the depot in Washington to his
hotel. There will probably be no military
escort.
Mrs. J. Ellen Foster was here to-day to
present an application for the appoint
ment of a friend. She had an interview
with Hon. Joseph P. Smith, but did not
see the President-elect. Major McKinley
will see no visitors this week.
Captain H. O. 8. Heistand, who has
been Major McKinley's confidential secre
tary since last May, and who is on duty
from 9 in the morning until 11 at night,
is quite ill with la grippe,
UIIEHMAM'S SUCCESSOR.
Anoi/fr Report That Hanna Will Aot Be
Appointed.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 17.— There was
a conference between Governor Bushnell
and Charles L. Kurtz, chairman of the
Republican State Executive Committee,
in the Governor's office to-day, lasting
nearly all the afternoon. Though Gov
ernor Bushnell denied after the conference
that there were any new developments in
the Senatorial situation, the report comes
very direct that it was decided at this
conference not to appoint Chairman
Hanna to the vacancy, and that the Gov
ernor had t:ot really made up his mind as
to this until to-day. Kurtz now holds the
oihce of State Oil Inspector, which pays
about four times the salary of a United
Slates Senator. If Kurtz does not take
the appointment, it will probably be
given to Lieutenant-Governor Jones.
MANEUVERS OF BUNCE'S FLEET.
They Will Be Concluded at Charleston
With a Dinner and Brilliant
Ball.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 17.— 1t is
understood that the maneuvers of Ad
miral Bunce's fleet off Charleston are
hbout ever and the remaining two days
which the ships will remain in these
waters will be spent in feasting and pleas
ure. There will doubtless be a review in
the presence of Secretary Herbert when
he sails out to-morrow in the Dolphin.
which came into port this morning, but
the work for which the fleet came to
Charleston has been accomplished and the
fieet will break up Saturday. It is under
stood that the New York, Columbia, Mas
sachusetts, Indiana and Fern will pro
ceed direct to Hampton Roads for coal
and thence to New York, where they
will, arrive not later than March 2. The
Dolphin and Vesuvius will go to the Flor
ida coast looking for filibusters and the
Maine will proceed to New Orleans.
Should the Terror join tne fleet in the
meantime she will go to Norfolk with the
flagship. The Amphitrite will remain
here until Monday.
To-morrow Secretary Herbert, Attorney-
General Harmon, Admiral Gherardi and a
distinguished party of ladies and gentle
men will arrive in Ihe city. They will be
the guests of Charleston during their stay
here. Governor Ellerbe, all the chief
State officials and the members of both
houses of the General Assembly will also
be in the city for the occasion. A public
reception wili t8 held by Secretary
Herbert in the City Hall, and at night a
dinner will be given by tne Chamber of
Commerce. Speeches will be made by Sec
retary Herbert, Attorney-General Har
mon, Mayor Smyth and others.
Friday a military and naval ball will b»
tendered the visitors by the city. And this
will probably conclude the blockade of the
port of Charleston. It is imtiossible just
now to estimate the result of the ma
neuvers Olllcers who will discuss the
matter express satisfaction with all that
basoccurreJ. Tliis consisted mainly in
ex reining with the searchlights and guns
of the ship?.
Nightly there was practicing with the
lights on ships' boats sent out for the spe
cial purpose. The ship would pick the
boat up, and then following it with the
light a record would be made of the ob
servations taken at all distances until the
limit of the light was reached. The prac
ticing with the main batteries was espe
cially important and interesting. With
the smaller guns considerable accuracy
was developed, some of the ships striking
their floating targets frequently. The
work with the heavy pieces was less ac
curate, but far more instructive, as the
men needed this practice the most. The
New York, for instance, struck her target
no less than twenty times during the
practice with both of her batteries. While
the ofheers do not say so, it is probable
that the work with the searchlights was
somewhat disappointing at times. On
clear nights the lights achieved powerful
results, but they proved utterly inade
quate to cope with the heavy fog or mist.
On the night when the Vesuvius ran the
blockade the lights did not carry 600
yards.
The Maine will leave the fleet to-mor
row end proceed to Port Royal, where she
will coal. It is stated positively by per
sons in a position to know of what they
speak that the ships stand the firing of
the great gans well, neither the guns,
turrets nor gear sustaining any injury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.-Secre
tary Herbert left Washington for Charles
ton this afternoon. Attorney-Geueral
Harmon and Captain Wi:itz of the
British navy followed to-night. The party
goes to witness the naval maneuvers now
going on in Charleston harbor. Secretary
Herbert took with him a handsome gold
medal to be presented to Seaman Creel
man of the battle-ship Maine, who spr.ine
from that vessel when men were washed
overboard in the violent storm on that
vessel's cruise to Charleston.
IyCAXDESCEXr L.AMP POOL.
Gigantic Trutt to Itxrjutat* I'rice* All
i/rer the lountry.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 17.— A Chronicle
special says the latest gigantic tru*t has
this city for its birthplace and J. H.
Rotbenhamel, president of the Columbia
Incandescent Lamp Company, as its
author ana promoter. The combine
differs from similar pools in that it will
undertake to reguiat<? the price of incan
descent lamps all over the country by a
series of suits for infringement of patents
against lessei concerns.
The parties to tLe pool are the Colum
bia, St. Louis, Westingnouse, Pittsbure,
Edison General Electric, New York and
companies in several Extern cities. The
aereementis that each of these companies
shall deposit $5000 with the treasurer of
the Wesiinghouse company.
(Toleatl Sinrln lor Lnndnn.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 17— United
States Senator- Wolcott was entertained
at dinner last evening by Mr. Squires of
the United States embassy. This morning
he had an interview with the Imperial
Chancellor, Prince Hobenlohe. At noon
Wolcott started for London. He was ac
companied to the station by the secre
taries of the American embassy.
All hut One eteamen Xotf.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 17.— A dis
patch to the Maritime Exchange s;tys that
the German ship Baltimore, Captain Hil
man from London for New York, sprang
aleak ond foundered at sea January 24.
All the crew excepting one man was lost.
He, Gu*tave Christiansen, was picked up
and lauded at Cape Verde.
SENATORS DEBATE
ON IMMIGRATION
Conference Report Finally
Adopted by a Vote of
34 to 31.
The Measure Has Already
Passed the House and Now
Gees to Cleveland.
Puts Up the Bars Against I literate
Aliens and Wings the "Birds
of Passage."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— 1n the
Senate to-day a joint resolution was re
ported by Sherman (R.) of Ohio from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, per
mitting the Secretary ot War to detail an
army officer not above the rank of captain
for the position of instructor in the mili
tary 6chool of the Greater Republic of
Central America, and it was passed.
Another resolution was offered by Petti
grew (Sil.) of South Dakota, and it was
agreed to, calling on the Secretary of
State for a copy of Sir Julian I'auncefote's
reply to Secretary GresUam's letter calling
the attention of tne British Government
to the utter failure of the regulations of
the Paris tribunal to protect the seal herds
of Alaska, and requesting an explanation
of the same.
Another resolution was introduced by
Vest (D.)of Missouri, calling on the Secre
tary of the Interior for information as to
the proposed erection of a steel elevator in
Yellowstone Canyon, Yellowstone Park,
and requesting him to withhold action
thereon until the propriety of the matter
can be determined by Congress. It was
adopted.
A resolution heretofore offered by Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska, inquiring of the Civil
Service Commission in relation to the un
usual discharge of certain employes in the
Bureau of Animal Industry in South
Omaha, was taken ud and discussed by
Allen. He related his unavailing efforts
to get information on the subject, and
spoke of the treatment which he had re
ceived from the Civil Service Commission
as a "violation of all the decencies and
proprieties of official life." The only ex
cuse given for the discharge of two em
ployes was that they had a picture{of Mr.
Bryan in their windows, while six other
employes in tho bureau had pictures of
Mr. McKinley in their windows, but were
not even reprimanded. Two other of the
discharged employes had been the victims
of the civil service law because they were
supporters of Mr. Bryan. He denounced
the civil service law as a fraud, a snare
and a delusion. The resolution was
agreed to. It directs the Civil Service
Commission to report all the facts and cir
cumstances to the Senate.
The conference report on the immigra
tion bill was laid before the Senate, and was
brieily explained by Lodge (R.) of Massa
chusetts, in chnrge of the bill.
Palmer (D.) of Illinois denounced the
bill ;i.-> an outgrowth of nativitism, a doc
trine for which he ? aid he bad the most
profound and earnest esteem. As to the
exclusion of occasional laborers, which
was aimed at Canadians crossing the
bordentunng tbesummer months, Palmer
said that it other nation? followed that
"miserable, narrow example," and made
retaliatory legislation American laborers
in Mexican and Canadian mines' and
forests would suffer, legislation, he
declared to be "an outrage on the comity
of nations and on the civilization of the
age."
In the course of his speech allusion was
made by Palmer to the State of Massa
chusetts as the only Northern State which
refused suffrage to men who could not
read or write.
The defense of his State's constitutional
provision in that regard was taken up by
Hoar (II. ) of Massachusetts, who spoke ot
such statement as "pure demagoguery."
Hoar was reminded that during the war
Massachusetts had rent emissaries to the
South and filled ncr quota of troops with
colored men who could not read or write.
Carter (R.) of Montana gave notice that
if the conference report was agreed to he
would move for another conlerence, with
instructions to the Senate conferees to
Insist upon an amendment that shall
apply to the citizens of any country on
tnis sphere. He regarded it as an im
mature and unwise piece of legislation.
Caffery (D.) of Louisiana also oppos d
the conference report and bad read
''Ouida's" letter »n praise of the illiterate
Italian peasantry as contrasted with the
trasn of cities — emasculated, corrupt and
debauched.
Chandler (K.) of New Hampshire did
not let the opportunity pass of remind
ing Caffery that in no State of the Union
were Italians treated so badly as in
Louisiana.
Cafftry said that such "tilings" had no
effect on him. The people ot Louisiana
had no sort ot apology for the murder of
the Italians alluded to by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Chandler disclaimed any purpose to in
dulge in a "fling 1 ' at the people of Louisi
ana. He only hoped that after reading
"Ouida's" letter they would not kill any
more Italians.
Gray (D. ) of Delaware also opposed the
conference report and the bill as a de
parture from the settled policy of the
United States.
Gibson (D.)of Maryland made an argu
ment against the conference report and
against the bill, which, he declared, was
framed on the theory ol the fugitive slave
law, and. like that law, its inhumanity
wouid shock the moral sense of the
people.
Bianchard (D. ) of Louisiana also
spoke aeainst ttie conference report. He
was rather in favor of encouraging immi
gration to build up the waste places in the
public domain. Perhaps not 5 per cent of
the public domain was in actual cultiva
tion. No such drastic measure should be
enacted into law.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts closed the
debate with a speech in favor of the re
port. As.to the effect of the bill on Amer
ican miners La British Columbia lie did
not know how great their number was.
They would not be afff cted except by re
taliatory lecislation. He di I not know
there was going to be retaliatory legisla
lation, and he did not see how Congress
could legislate on that basis. There was.
a great mass of unemployed people in the
United States. When they were all em
ployed then Congress might consider
whether it was wise to cease restricting
immigration.
At 5 p. m. the debate was closed and a
vote was taken on the conference report.
It was agreed to— ayes 34, noes 81— as fol
lows:
Ayes: Republicans— Aldrich, Allison, Baker,
Brown. Burrows, Chandler, Cullom, Davis, Et
klns, Kryc, G-illinger, Gear, Hoar, Lodge, Mc-
Bnde, Morrill, Ntlson, Perkins, Platt, Pritch
ard, Proctor, Quay, Sewell, Snennan, Tburston
and Wetmore— '2o. Democrats— Messrs. Cnil
ton, Kauiicuer, Hill and Martin— 4. SI ver
ity— Pettisrew and Teller— 2. Ponnlists—
Butler and Peffer— 2. Urand total, 34.
Noes: Republicans — Carter, Hansbrough,
Hawley and Shoup— 4L Democrats— Bacon,
Bate, Berry, Blanrhard. Carrey, Call, Cockran,
Gibson, Gorman, Gray, Lindsay, Mils, Mliuheli
of Wisconsin, Morgan, Murphy. Palmer, Pasoo,
Pugh, Rich, Tiliinau. Turpie, Vest, Vilas, Voor
hees and AVhite-25. Silverite-Mantle— l.
Populist— Stewart— 1. Grand total, 31.
On motion of Hill (D.) of New York the
Senate proceeded to executive business
and at 6 p. m. adjourned until to-morrow.
JBUsixuss Ot THE mouse.
Dttertnination to Limit the Petition* of
-! ~" Officers' Widow*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— 8y
the very decisive vote of 93 to 28 the
House to-day confirmed its intention to
abide by the policy of limiting pensions
for widows of general officers to $50 a
month and grading from that sum down
for widows of officers of low rank.
The question aroso over the report of
the conferees on the bill to pension the
widow of Captain J. Scott Payne of the
Fifth United States Cavalry. It was a
Senate biil and the amount of pension
was originally fixed at $50 a month. The
House reduced it 10 $30, but in conference
the House managers yielded to the Sena
tors and recommended that the House
recede from its amendment. This the
House refused to do, after an hour's de
bale, in which the matter was fully dis
cussed, and disposed of by the vote stated
and the bill was returned to the con
frlMOD-
The conference report on the legislative
executive and judicial appropriation biU
presented by Mr. Bingbam was agreed to.
Tiie principal changes made were in the
provisions for the Congressional Library.
As agreed upon the bill authorizes the
President to appoint a librarian and su
perintendent, who miwt be confirmed by
the Senate, shall receive $50U0 a year and
appoint the subordinates in their" respect
ive departments— 187 all told. T' c bill
carries a totai appropriation of $21,715,767.
The bill enacting that all reservoir sitef,
reserved or to be reserved, shall be open
to use and occupation under the right of
way act of March 3, 1891, which was made
the special order for to-morrow, was de
bated two hours and passed. Amend
ments were agreed to giving the State con
trol of the rates and regulations for the
use of the water coming from the reser
voirs.
The House entered upon the considera
tion of the contested election case of
Hopkins vs. Kendall from the Tenth Ken
tucky District, based upon the use 01 an
illegal and fraudulent ballot in Clark
County. Without the vote of that county
Hopkins (R. ) would be elected, ana the
minority recommended that it be thrown
out and the contestant seated.
The majority of the committee, while
condemning the action of the clerk of the
county, who prepared the ballot, do not
believe that the vote should be rejected,
and recommend that Kendall retain his
seat.
Judee Daniels (It.) of New York ad
dressed the House in support of the com
mittee report, and the House at 2:15 p. m.
adjourned.
CHECKED BY IHE POWERS
Continued from Fisrt Page.
pacify the island and strengthen Euro
pean peace, for which matters Greece has
great solicitude.
The Times to-morrow will print a dis
paich from its St. Petersburg corrre
spondent crystallizing and confirming the
rumors of preparations for war by the
Russian Government.
The Daily News will publish to-morrow
a dispatch from its corr spondent at
Canea, Crete, snyine that, accompanied
by an escort of COO insurgents, tha writer
visited the Greek camp at Platanias, a
short distance west of Canea, where be
found the Greek force occupying a lofty
and virtually inaccessible fortress. Colonel
Vassos, who commanded the troops, is,
the correspondent says, thoroughly pre
pared for an advance and is only awaiting
instructions lrom Athens to move. In
the meantime the troops are showing the
greatest impatience to begin operations.
The correspondent further says skir
mishes are constantly occurring in the
hills around Platanias between Bashi
Bazouks and the insurgents, who are
rapidly gathering around the camp, and
will at ihe present rat 9 shortly number
20,000. The presence of the Greek troops
in the islands, the consequent hone that a
settlement of the difricnl y will shortly be
reached alone prevents the slaughter of
every Moslem outside of the occupied
towns Of Crete. The witndrawal of the
Greeks, the correspondent declares, would
be followed by events which rhe flags of
the European powers would be powerless
to avert, besides a dynastic revolution in
Greece.
T c Standard to-morrow will publish a
dispatch from Athens saying that Colonel
Vassos, commanding the Greek forces,
has captured the important position of
Vouklies. Colonel Vassos, the dispatch
says, is forming the insurgents into bat
talions and furnishing them with arms.
King George i 3 daily in receipt of tele
graphic dispatches from many parts of the
world — notably from Italy, Great Britain
and the United States — expressing ap
proval of the policy he has adopted and
urging him to pursue it. Another bat
talion of infantry, with arms and stores
for the volunteers in Crete, sailed from
Pireaus tnis evening.
The Daiiy Chronicle will to-morrow
publish an Athens dispatch saying that
Saad-ed-Din Pasha, who was recently re
called to Constantinople from Crete at the
instance of the powers for fomenting an
other reform plot among the inhabitants,
will return to the island with three bat
talions 01 Turkish troops.
Prince George, the dispatch adds, will
prevent the landing of this force at any
cost.
It is reported in Athens that a wealthy
Greek residing abroad has offered his en
tire fortune if necessary to support the
Government in carrying on the war in
Crete.
The Daily News will say to-morrow: It
is reported in the lobby among the union
ist members of tba House of Commons
that it is not likely that the powors will
seriously attempt to uislodge the Greeks
from the island of Crete, but that their
presence will, after a decent interval, be
acquiesced in with a view to the ultimate
annexation of the island to the Greek
kingdom.
It is whispered that King George was
made aware beforehand tnat the action
taken on the part of Russia was simply
that she Is doing everything to place her
self in readiness for possible warlike ac
tion in the vicinity of Constantinople.
The Black Sea fleet is constantly ready for
action and a larL'.e number of troops in the
soutn have b>en mobilized.
PARIS, France. Feb. 17.— Two hundred
students in this city have appeared at the
Greek Legation to be enrolled among the
troops being sent to Crete on behalf of
the inhabitants of that island. They were
referred to Prime Minister Delayan at
Atnen.--, but declined with thanks.
Jh'runderrd at Sea.
LONDON, E.ng., Feb. 17.— The German
ship Baltimore, which sailed from this
port for New York, December 19, found
ered at sea on January 2-k. One of her
crevv, a seaman name 1 Christiansen, was
picked up January '2G by the Portuguese
schooner Alice and landed at Vincent.
It is feared the remainder of the Balti
more's crew were lost. Tho Baltimore
was formerly the Volunteer. Slie was a
three- master of 1083 tons and owned in
JJremerhaven, from which port she hailed.
CUBAN WARRIORS
ROUT REGULARS
Crushing Defeat of the
Spaniards by Gomez's
Forces.
Although Badly Frightened
Weyler Published a Report
of Victory.
Gallant and Telling Hand- to- Hand
Conflict With the Deadly
Machetes.
NEW YORK, N. Y.,Feb. 17— The Sun's
Havana correspondent, writing under date
of Februarys, says:
Trusted Cuban news has been received,
giving further details of the battle at Juan
Crioilo, in Las Villas, reported Jast Friday
by cable. The tirst Spanish account of
the battle claimed a victory, as usual, but
with a painful paucity of details.
The second report, whicn was com
municated by the pres3 censor to the
American correspondents here, read that
Colonel Arajanoa made a brilliant com
bined bayonet charge and cavalry attack
upon the insurgents, dislodging them
from their positions after two hours of
hand-to-I:and fighting. In neither of
these reports was the name of General
Gomez mentioned, nor did his name ap
pear in La Lucua and the Diaro de la
Mariana ia the accounts of the battle
which the press censor permitted them to
print.
All the information proves that the
action at Juan Criolio adds another page
of glory to the history of Gomez's military
career. The battle decided the campaign
in Las Villati in favor of the Cubans and
frightened Weylor so far that he, as
already Known, telegraphed to Havana
for re-enforcements, declaring himself un
able to withstand General Gomez unless
he had more troops under his command.
The battle was fought on February 1,
'and lasted from about 3 to 6 o'clock in the
afternoon. It began after General Gomez
had raised the siege ot Arroyo Blanco on
the arrival of the column of Colonel
Arjanes from Cieno de Villa in aid of the
besieged garrison of Arroyo Blanco. When
the first shots of Arjanes' vanguard were
heard a few minutes after 2 o'clock Gen
eral Gomez ordered bis troops to abanlon
the &ieee ana concentrate on the estate of
Juan Criollo, between two hills and with
several prominent positions dominating
on the plain in which Arroyo Blanco is
located.
Gomez took possession of those strategic
point*. Arjanes was in command of 3500
men, to which he added (500 more path
ered from Cieno de Villa. There were two
cannon, one 01 thirteen and the other of
six pounds. G^roez had only L'soo well
armed men. Gr>mez had aiso a pneu
matic dynamite gun, but it was not very
effective. However, two 01 three bombs
exploded at Juan Criollo in the Spanish
ranks when the fighting began produced
terrible confusion. With the aid of Gen
eral Carrillo, General Gomez succeeded in
driving the Spaniards to the center of tbe
estate of Juan Crjollo, where a terrible
fight began.
At last the Spaniard?, having been chas
tised by the combined tire of Carrillo on
one side and Gomez on the other, became
panic-stricten, and the Cubans had before
mem merely a mob of men. Just at this
juncture the Spanish nipjor, Posada, fell
dead, his chest pierced by a bullet.
The confusion of the Spaniards now be
came greater than ever, for Posada was
strucK down nearly in the center of their
forces. The Spanish surgeon, Dr. Cenicero,
went to assist Posada, but when he lifted
him from the ground to see his wound,
another volley of the Cubans killed him
also.
The ord6r "To the machete," given by
General Gomez, decided the'action. The
Cubans charged from all sides, and a
hand-to-hand fight began. In the first
moments the Cuban colonel, Remetio Lo
pez was killed ny a bavnnet ihrust. The
S anish lieutenants, D>n Martinez and
Don Federico Pena, fell rtead, Martinez
from a blow by a machete which cut his
head off. Eig.-ty Spanish soldiers were
killed with the machetes and more than
100 were severely wounded and left on tue
held. Before the hand-tc-hand tight be
gan the Spanish losses were already more
than 100 men.
In great confusion and suffering at
MISS KDXA LISSON.
ANE OF THE PRETTY YOUNG MISSES
of Bakersfield is Miss Edna Lisson.
The above portrait gives but a partial view
of this beautiful g lr l. Her mother, Mrs.
A. Lisson, vouches for the following:
About two years ago Edna was suffering
from eruptions of the skin. Her face, her
hands, her body were at times all com-
pletely covered with blotches of small
pimples. Many were the remedies tried to
no avail. All kinds of soaps, ointments
and doctors' prescriptions availed not.
About this time Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla was recommended. The tirst bot-
tle was used and the only change for the
better was the regularity of the bowels and
the bright clearness of the eyes. After the
second bottle Edna began to get well.
She not only became strong and hearty,
but all the facial blemishes disappeared,
and is now the beautiful young lady you
see before you.
This story is not colored just to boom
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. The above
story is about the mildest way of telling
the actual facts concerning the blood
remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Doctors have often been puzzled and "give
it up" — about Joy's. It is a peculiar herb
remedy. It contains no mineral poisons.
It is made entirely of heros. The only
people who speak against the remedy are
the druggists who have "A BETTER
PROFIT" sarsaoarilla. When you want a
good blood medicine that produces no
pimples take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
every step from the persisteir. fighting of
the Cubans, the Spaniards retreated to
the town, reaching it after 6 o'clock. One
section of the column did not reach tlie
town because it was dispersed in the plain
when Lieutenant Pena was killed. Alfi
reports agree that Colonel Ar janes behaved
bravely. The terrible slaughter of his
men was due to his incapacity aad the
superiority of Gomez as a strategist lather
than to lack of courage on his part. But
after hi 3 defeat \v:is so decisive the Span
iards prefer to preserve silence over the
affairs raiher than praise and prouote
him, as they have repeatedly done in the
case of less courageous chiefs.
The Cuban losses at J uan Crioilo are in
signiticant as compared witn those of the
Spaniards. Colonel Lopez and Lieuten
ant John Diaz were tilled and about
seventy soldiers also pnrished.
}FETLEK COX 71.x ÜBS JO TALK,
But as a FifjhUr Hi, Record Is' Not
Veru Complete.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 17,— General Wey
ler to-day received the provincial authori
ties of Sancti Spiritus. He said that the
revolution in Cuba from its very begin
ning had taken the character of a brigand
war and that the insurgents had, when
ever possible, avoided engagements with
the Spanish forces. He prophesied the
early ending of the revolution and de
clared that the pacification of the island
would soon be an accomplished fact. Gen
eral Weyler remains in the Sancti Spiritua
district.
A hot fight is reported to have occurred
between a band of rebels nnd a Spanish
force in the Tigre Hills in Las Villas, re
sulting in numerous losses to the insur
gents and the capture of the positions oc
cupied by them. The Spaniards lost nine
killed and thirty-one wounded.
General Linares reports that the troops
of his column have seized at Cauto
Baireare a convoy with a quantity of
ammunition and supplies.
irirw TO-DA.T.' ->\—^
Rheumatism
§ Ruins
many an otherwise
healthy, robust person.
It attacks tbe human
system like an insidious
foe, striking like a jav-
elin of steel into the
joints and muscles, mak-
ing any muscular effort
painful. In its milder
forms it comes and goes,
sometimes with the
Win. Fitzgerald, weather or the seasons,
someiim s with the bod-
ily conditions, but if unchecked it becomes
chronic and makes a confirmed cripple of
its victim.
Rheumatism Cured.
Sax Francisco, Cal., Feb. 13, 1897.
State Electro Medical Institute— Dear Doctors:
Wh"n I commenced your Klectrn-Medjcal treat-
ment I was an invalid from rheumatism. Ab ut
eieht years ago I was attacked with inflammatory
rheumatism, which after a. time changed to sciat-
ica. A number of the be* physicians of >-a i
Francisco treated me and pronounced my case in-
curable. Nothing gave me permanent relief until
X tried your Kleciro-mediotl treatment. I hail
tried electricity alone, aud as for taking medicines
alone, I had exhausted the catalogue or medicine*.
Your giving of medicines in conjunction with elec-
tricity— the comDlned treatment is what cured me.
No one who has known me doubt* i;. livery ele-
ment of mv being gives demonstration of the gen-
uineness of the cure. Yours respectfully,
. - . WILLIAM FITZOiSKAIiD.
961 Mission St., San Francisco, CaL
"While the cures of the Institute have
been unparalleled in cases of this charac- -
ter, a perfect and prompt cure i 8 guaran-
teed of:
Diseases of Cancer,
Kidneys, Tumor,
H art, Dyspepsia,
Women, Catarrh,
Brain, . Consumption,
Nerves, Rupture,
Eye, Blood Taints,
Throat, Asthma,
Bowels, Impotency.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your traubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDUY STREET.
San Francisco, Cal.
V. A.Bertelln?. Pre* H. rv'ordman. Vlce-Prei
A. W. Kirk:, sec. Jos. iNordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
HAS IMITATORS, BIT SO EQUALS. \
■ x^^f^ji 1 -^*^. By fifty per cent tM6^
$Sp&Ps»S^i&- best made. Call or
. !^^\\ v >;3^?MVsend for free boot,
"How to Get Health
'^fffrSftiifcpp*? and How to Keep It."
i'^^iv'W' Advice of European
ijHfi Doctors. Climates that
*a<cs? cure dise&se.
THE VIRCHOW CO. (LIJIITED).
American Agents, lOOStockton St., S.F.
dr.mcotlty7
THISWKI.LKXOWX and RKLIABLE OLI»
JL specialist curw Private JS-|frvous.i;!..fMi and Skin
.Diseases of Hen only. Manly Power restore*). Over
a? years' experience* Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dalir ; 6:3o to B.3o ev'ss. Sundays, 10 to 12. Conßulta-
tion tree and sacredly conflden tiol. Call or address
I*. BOSCOE SIcXI'MT, M. »-.
26'^ Koarn.r Street, Man Frnni-itru, Cnl.
' Kf <Pi m* «n an fa 9 W W^m wk ■ri tfl jS <3i,4 -0 ■ »
r±m!i?.Hii— it
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J.ESPIC; NewYork.E.FOUGERA&CO.
SOLD BY ALL, DRUGGISTS.
rauTurvnn *\jro Tnroat, Pimplos, Copper- 1, i
HUIAtC lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores,
SBi; leers la Month, lUlr-I'alling! Write t 00R.J58
aIKKMIVDV CO., SOT Manonlc Temple^: 1
pHChlcaco, 111., lor proofs of cures. Cupl-£|
IStul, 8500,000. Wont cases cured in 15 5
8C dayi. 100-page book free. Kg
Weak MenandWomen
SHOULD OSK DAMUXA BITTEKS. THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Heaun a*A
Streugtb to me Sexual Organs.APPROPRIATIONS
FOR THE PRINTER
Dibble's Bills Providing
Seventy-Five Thousand
Dollars Passed.
Some of the Assembly Minority
Eat Crow by Voting for the
Measures.
Considerable Filibustering Fails to
Defeat the Second R;
lief Bill.
SACRAMENTO. Gal., Feb. 17.-Camf
netti was the first to eat his dish of State
printine crow, find he did it to-day with a
comic grimace as he voted "aye" on Dib
ble's bill 863 appropriating $40,000 for the
relief of the Sate Printer. Power of San
Francisco and Landsborongh of Sacra
mento also broke away from the filibusters
and voted for the bill. Cut on No. 864,
also by Dibble, appropriating ?3T> 000 for
the support of tb? office for the remainder
of the fiscal year, they voted no with the
rest of the minority, thus putting them
selves in a position of refusing to support
measures which they themselves had
offered or attempted to offer on the day
before.
Caminetti'a action in voting for the
$40,000 appropriation and refusing to vote
for the .$35,000 appropriation is looked
upon by the knowing ones as an indica
tion that Governor Eudd may sign the
one and veto the other.
The t>ili«< before the House this after
noon were Dihble's 863 and B6i and Shana
han's 865. No. SG3 appropriates $40,00).
and s entitled "An act for the relief of
the State Printing Office, and makinc an
appropriation to pay the deficiency for
the current fiscal year that may be found
to exist in the appropriation for the --up
port of said printing office for the said
year at the date of the approval of this
act." No. 364 is entitled "An act making
an appropriation for the support of the
State Punting Office For the remainder of
the forty-eighth fiscal year." Shanahan's
SGS appropriate? $40,000. and is entitled
"An act making an appropriation for leg
islative printing for the thirty-second
session of the Legislature."
Siianahan, in speaking on his bill, said
that the State Printer had spent money
without any authority of law, and that
th Dibble bills expressly validated the
violation of the law by the State Printer.
"I don't say," he added, "that State
Printer Johnston is dishonest, but rather
that he is mistaken as to the law."
Dibble was quick to set Shanahan right.
He said that Shanahan's assertion that
the bill was intended to cover up any de
linquency in the State Printing Office or
to validate any act of the State Printer
was entirely unwarranted by the fact?.
The purpose of the bill was to appropriate
money to pay the waces of employes, who
had not received a dollar from the Sate
for several weeks. The object of the bill
prepared by the gentleman from Sbnsta
was to confine the appropriation to the
payment of bills incurred for printing
legislative matter only. Since the open
ing of the present session of the Legisla
ture a large amount of public printing
other than legislative, such as reports of
State officers, etc., had been done, and the
printers had not been paid for that work,
nor had the material used in it been paid
for. The object of the Dibble bill was to
provide for the derjciency which had been
created. The peculiar wording was in
tended to overcome the law passed by the
last Legislature. When the appropria
tion was introduced en January 12 there
was no deficiency in the printing office,
that having been created since that time,
yo that in reality the deficiency has been
incurred in technical violation of the law
of 1^895.
X . 863 had been prepared to meet the
deficiency incurred by a technical viola
tion of the statute. It proposed a relief
for the State Printing Office, which it was
in the power of the Legislature to give.
It should hi remembered also, urged
Dibble, that all this money must be dis
bursed under the direction of the State
Boar iof Examiners. It was the only way
In which the exigency could be met. If
Bnannhan'and the Democrats associated
with him desired to refuse payment to the
employes of the State Printin • Office he
and the-.- should insist on his bill. There
was no other way of paying those people
except by a r*li«i bill.
As Fo'oii a- Dibble had finished Cutter of
Yn.ba introduced a substitute to th« effect
that Assembly bills 863, 804 and BGS pre
sented a case of urgency and therefore
should be read the second and third time
and placed upon final pas-age.
The House went into committee of the
whole and the li ii.ustering of the minor
ity was proceeded with. Shanahan pro
posed an amendment to No. 863 which
would destroy it by making it unconsti
tutional, and Cnminetti made a mysteri
ous speech to tha effect that there was
more behind the contest than the State
Printing Office matter.
Th- speech of the day was made by
"Old Ma;:' DrydenofSan Diego, a fnsion
i«t and advocate of some new system of
distribution which apparently does not
include the distribution of wages to em
p.. yes of the State Printing Office. His
speech was cunningly phrased and was
meant as a cloak to hide, the real partisan
motives which impelled him to vote with
the Democrats against the printing em
ployes. He bean by saying that he stood
between the contending parties "that
seemed to b' tryin to make olitical cap
ital out of the affair." It was apparent
afterward to his hearers that no matter
where he stood he voted early and often
for the Democratic programme.
The battle raged for several hours, the
minority filibustering by offering substi
tutes and by resorting to the time-worn
. devices usual on such occasions until the
previous question was called and the bills
placed upon final passage.
When the roll was called on 863— the
$40,000 appropriation— Caminetti did not
answer to his. name. Landsborough led
the bolt from the uiinoriiy by voting aye,
and he explained that the bill would re
lieve th? distress which existed among
the printers in the Slate office.
Power of San Francisco followed. "It
is time to settle this thing," he said. "A
preat many people have been working in
the State office for three or four weeks and
ca/i't get their money. Therefore I vote
for the bill."
< aminetti rose at the conclusion of the
rollcail and -ad: "Mr. Speaker, I vote
oye." Then he looked cunning. He did
not pro} ose that the federated trades
should jump on his neck for bill 863. But
he and the remainder of the minority
voted against No. 864— the $35,000 appro
priation. Both bills were finally passed
by 4 > ayes to 28 noes.
Shanahan's No. 865 was defeated. The
bills were ordered transmitted to the
Senate, and Caminetli and Shanahan
pave notice that to-morrow they would
move a reconsideration. '
The bills were taken up in the Senate in
the evening and were passed there.
North's Assembly concurrent resolution 6,
appointive Senators Dickinson, Gillette
and Seawell and As-seuibiyinen Price,
Dennery and Caminetii as a joint com
mittee ;o investicate ihe affairs of the
State Printing Office was also passed by
the Assembly and transmitted to the
Senate.
It provides that the committee shall
employ two experts on printing, one to be
appointed by the majority of the commit
tee, and one by t; c minority of the com
mittee, and '.wo accountants to be ap
pointed in a similar way. The Senate
amended the resolution and provided that
the experts and accountants should be ap
pointed by the majority of the committee
only.
Mead's amendment calling for an in
vestigation by the State Board of Exam
iners was voted down.
At the night session of the Assembly
S'-ate Printer JoLnston sent ■ statement
to the House which was received- and or
dered printed in tv-morrow's journal.
The following are extracts:
Many charges of a wild and fantastic nature
have been made against me and the Institu
tion under ray charge, and I have hitherto re
frained irora answering them, b.'causo to
those who were famiiiar with the oflice tlie
charges were so ridiculous tbalau answer
seemed unnecessary ; but inasmuch as a con
certed attack seems to be made by certain
persons to misrepresent the facts, ] have been
advised by my ir:--r,ds that it is due to myself
that I shall make a statement concerning
these matters:
In the first place, with the exception of my
salary and possibly a few dollars that I may
receive for contingent expenses, I do not
| handle and under the law coud not handle
j one dollar of the State's money. Every claim
charged against the appropriation for support
of the State Printing Office inusi, before 11 Is
paid, receive the sanction of the State Hoard
of Examiners, consisting of the Governor, a
Democrat, ami of the Secretary of state and
Attorney-General, Republicans. It then
pusses to t be Controller of toe State, who. if
j he is satisfied with the claim, draws a war-
I rant therefor, aid it Is paid out of the State
; treasure to he person who presents the claim.
I Every claim that bas been paid during my
administration of this office has been paid in
this manner, and every cleirn has received the
sanction of the Board of Examiner!". It would
I be absolutely impossible (or mo, even if I so
j desired, to use for my own purpose one dollar
' ot the State's money.
A charge has been made that names cf per
j sons who do not exist have been carried on
I the payroll. These charges, if true, would
I simp. y condemn toe Governor, Secretary of
State and Attorney-General, who pass upon
the claims, and the Controller, who delivers
j the warrants. This statement, 1 say mrst
' emphatically, is untrue, and nobody" could
, draw any money in this way without com-
I mitting a forgery. It is the practice for most
of the State institutions for the person in
cnarge to draw one warrant, and to give his
check to the individuals entitled to the re
spective amounts. Under the law I cannot
follow i ii is practice and have not followed it;
but every person, no matter how small his
claim may be, woo has a claim against the
State payable out of tha appropriation for the
State Printing Oflice receives & warrant there
for.
It has been charped that there is a discrep
-1 ancy betveen the Controller's books and mine.
I This is absolutely untrue, mid in Ihe very
I nature of things could not be true. The Con
troller is tne bookkeeper of the State and his
are the books to be governed by. In estimat
ing the Amount jo consumed I have made a
I rough estimate, taking into consideration the
composition, stock, presswork and binding,
; but I have not counted as ii charge against
j the institutions or departments other ex
penses consisting of light, heating, power, re
pairs and sundry other expenses which are
chargeable to this Institution as a whole. The
laws ot the State are faulty In that they do
I not require that each department and officer
i should pay nut of the appropriation made for
it or him the amount of printing done for him
; or his department, but over this I have no
control. lam satisfied that if the institutions
of the State were required to pay for printing
j out of their appropriation the "demand upon
I me would be much, less thrn i; hss been.
In the management of this office ] have fol
[ lowed union rules nnd employed union men
I and paid the union rate of wages. I urn free
to confess that if the State desires to inaugu
! rate a policy of having work done for less than
! union rates, and not in accordance with union
rules, a slight saving might be effected, nt
i this is for your body to determine. So tar as 1
' «m concerned I desire to say that until trie
; law is changed, and a« long as the matter is
left to my discretion. I shall run it as a union
I Printing Office, as I am a union printer m v
! self.
Ever since the inauguration of the State
j printing office there has been a concerted
,' attack made by persona and establishments
. who desire to have the work done by contract.
There have also been frequent attempts made
j to prevent the Stare from publishing State
textbooks. Tnese are matters of legislative
policy for the Legislature to determine. I have
: already asked, as ron know, that a joint com
■ mittee from both houses be appointed to mi
i vestigate the State I'rintlng Office, when these
■ matters can be verified and elaborated in
! detail.
For your information 1 append to this letter
a statement from the Controller of the State,
showing that every dollar that has been px
pended by the State Printing Office has l>een
upon claims audited and fallowed by the State
Board of hxnuiiners and pai<l upon trie Con
trnl-r's warrants. In many if not in most of
the bate institutions, there is h contingent
fund which is . xpended by them without
beiiig r p B s sed upon by tlie Board of Examiners
or by the Controller. This i< not the case
with the State Printing Office. The State
Piintinp Office collects no money of luown
ar.d handles no money, and it :s absolutely
impi.ssiVj.e ior any discrepancy to exst unless
:t be by collusion with the Konrd of Exami
ners, State Contreller a:;d state Treasurer.
Appended to the communication of the
State Printer is a statement by the Con
troller certifying that al! money expended
for the Stnte Printing Office bos been paid
upon claims presented to and allowed by
the State Board of Examiners and paid
upon warrants is«ued Iron the ollice and
paid by the State Treasurer :
I further certify that the State Printer col
! lects no money himself, and that it is impossi
; ble for nny money, to be spent except upon
claims allowed by the Hoard of Examiners
and by the Controller. I further certify that
the State Printer draws no money nimself ex
! cept his salary and small items for postage and
traveling expenses, and that ail warrants are
■ ISMic-d to the pariv directly who performed
j the services or tarnished the ■applies, and
| that warrants ore delivered by me io such t>er-
I tons only or their authorized ticen'. I further
■■ certify that there are vouchers on file lor every
! claim that has been allowed against the ap
; propriation for the support of the state Print
ing Office, and that my books correctly show
the amount of money that has been allowed
and expended for that purpose, a,ud that there
I is not and cannot be any discrepancy between
i my accounts and the accounts of the State
I Printer authorized by law to be kept.
I'JtISOH-CJiU.SIIEIt BOCK.
Treacy Say* Its lin Will Throw Many
J-'ren Mm '-tit of or/.-.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 15.— A large
part of to-night's session was consumed
in a spirited debate on Senator Doty's
bill 57, entitled "An act to regulate and
govern theot^rations of the rock-crushing
plant at the State prison at Folsom, to
provide for the sale of crushed rock and
the disposition of Ihe revenues derived
herefrom."
Anderson's amendment to raise the
price of the crushed rock from 30 cents to
IV) cents per ton biought Eunis and S:ms
of Sacramento and Cutter of Yubri into the
thick of the fray. They argued that the
convict labor on the rock-crusher did not
interfere with free lahor. Snail said that
the Folsom reck could not be used in Fan
Francisco in com petition with other rock
because of the hi gh rate of freight, where
upon Mahoney inquired how the State
highway* coufd be built wnh that rock
for the production of which the whole
State was being taxed.
Treacy oi i~;m Francisco made a violent
attack on the bill. Bridgford asked Trency
whether he was not afr.iid that the prison
made rock would interfere with his
(Treacy's) business as ■ contractor.
Treacy replied: "No, sir. I employ
fifty men, and I pay them $.' per day,
when some counties pay only $1 50 per
day." * .
"Has any of this rock been used in Sau
Francisco?" asked Clarke.
"No, air."
"Then what are you kicking against?"
demanded Clarke.
Treacy made prompt reply: "I am
kickinK against throwing 1500 poor quarry
men out of employment— lso mci: in the
district repiesented Ly Mr. Anderson, 350
men emplovei by Grr.y Brothers, ,">0 men
employed ny Senator Dem: on in Ahimeda,
and 250 men employed on Laundry Farm.
I am kicking aza:nst men getting the
benefit of this roci who do not need it.
Give this rock to the poor farmers free of
charge to build their roads, and then you
will be doing some good."
Tt. e bill was passed to a third reading
by an overwhelming majority.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
AN IMMIGRATION
COMMISSION
California Should Be Cleared
of Some Peculiar
Stigmas.
Strictures of the Eritish Consul
on Co on zation Schemes Not
Entirely Merited.
Recomm ndatiens of a State Board of
Trade Committee Approved by
the Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 17.— 1n de
fense of the reputation of the State of Cali
fornia and with the object of encouraging
immigration to this State, the State Board
of Trade, through a committee comprising
W. H. Mills, N. P. Chipman, Joseph tr.
Emery and J. A. Filcher, to-day presented
trie following memorial to Governor Budd :
!-AS I'BAM I'll), <•£■)>. 15. 1H97
Hon. Jamcx Jf. Jhidd, Governor of California,
Sacramento, Cat.— l>kak Mb; Your Excellency is
no doubt aware of the lact that in September last
a reDort of the consul-Ueneral residing in .'-an
Francisco and representing Great Britain in the
consular service of that country was transmitted
to Parliament In general eft\ct that report de
clared that for tho most part the colonization
schemes projected in this State were fraudulent
»nd deceptive. The [sovereign of Great Britain in
dorstd these statements sufllcieuLly to cause the
docum-n". to I ■<• transmitted to the British Parlia
ment, and the representations therein made have
Lecome la a sense th« otUcial expression of that
Unfortunately for our State, the strictures con
tained In the document have for the moit part a
degree of jus itlcation in the facts of the case.
1 ht-re are now offered on the market- colony
lan la In which do intelligent Calltornlan wouid In
vest. They are addressed to foreign Ignorance
and designed only lor the attention aud p tronu^e
of those whose leek of Information makes them
easy victims' of dishonest immigration schemes.
It is no part of the present purpose . n addressing
you o present or expose these schemes. We,
therefore, co:. tent ourselves by the declaration of
facts, for the verification of which we have ample
evidence. The situation herein outlined calls for
remedial measures.
In the lir<L instance the representation made by
the i onsllHieneral of Great Jiritaln and its otlirlal
liH J .orii-iumt by the sovereign of that country ;s v
condemnation which, while intended only tor the
condemnation of fraudulent schemes, will neces
sarily be extended in its effect to the most bene
ficent and advantageous enterprises.
Cttiilornla, notwithstanding it.- age, is a country
of large extent occupied by a relatively small popu
lation. Our condition is such a< to make ■ re
enforcemant of our capital and population moat
desirable. We have natural resources whicn,
when developed, will prove a rich reward to en
terprise and Intelligently directed capital. Hut our
representations concerning these resources and
our presentation of the in luce'i ents they Offer is
now very broadly discreuiied throughout the
world.
It these representations were wholly false, If
they had no louiuatii n In Ji.ct, the case w v d be
different; but un ortunately the evidence that
ojHiiy fraudulent bchenies have been projected
and have resul i.l ulan-trously to those who were
deceived by them give* not only color bnt
demonstration of fraud which, as already md
ca'.ed. will attach to all representations which way
be made on behalf of our commonwealth.
This situation demands remedies. '1 he first of
th'Sels to establish some instrumentality of an
otlicial chara ter which will ei|.o*e i nd denounce
the projectors of fraudulent and deceptive coloni
zation undertakings. In the next instance, the
or iltiary unofficial methods of t.e defense of the
stale against the broader Inferences of ihe charges
already made and In part substantiated Hre lu
tofficleut to the accomplishment of the purpose.
in times past the price oi land In California has
been high. The richest fruit lands In the state
have been held at prices which no use to which
they mignt be devoted would justify. The general
farming lands of ihe .-late were held nt prices
which forbade all expectation, of a reasonable return
upon me capital invested.
These •■■ ndltions have panged away. California
in the past has presented an example wherein the
price of u«r.al <*sia c was not correlated with the
drnslty of population. in all countries there has
been a fixed relation Of value between the soil,
the original source of ail wealth, an l the density
of population occupying the country embrac.ns
hat soil.
• al forma for a long time appeared to be an ex
ce; tion to this rule: but it Is no longer so. Very
high prices fcr ti e farming and fruit lands of Cali
fornia are no longer obtainable, nor even aslccu.
The depressed state of business throughout the
world has wrought its perfect work in Calliorma
In the direction of ellm.uatliig fa s« factors in ail
valuation.-. The average value of all classes of
agricultural land In California is not to-day 30 per
ceuiof that placed upon it during the decade be
tueen 1880 and 1890.
Men forego lii me ties, brealc up home relations,
sever themselves from kindred and from friends
only because they telleve they can better their
condition— tinancia'ly. morally and socially. The
sober question which confronts us in Inviting a
re-enforcement of our population is: Do Hie con
ditions ot California, In .he financial, educational,
religious, moral and social aspects. cfrer superior
inducements to those existing in the more densely
settled portions of oar country? ii they do not
then in the very Imipieucy of the case an invita
tion extended to people to break home ties and
become citizens of our commonwealth is In Us
nature a deception.
We who address you in this communication and
the organization we represent believe thai Cali
fornia offers inducements superior to those of
many u.oie liens ly settled countries, ana enter
taining (htt opinion we also entertain the belief
that In inviting immigration to California we »re
conferring a favor cot only upon this common
wealth but up. m those who accept that Invitation.
Never before ihe pre ent time In the history of
this sute have the indncemeots to immigration
been so great.
Jleudl-pose of th* property they have accum
ulated and make Investments In new countries In
the hope of inquiring the ownership of pioperty in
th» new location in advance of its developed va ue
They expe t, as they have a right, Hint the incje
ment i.l value on the property they purchase will
r -enforce- cuttr own indust y and economy In ac
quiring wealth. For man/ years past tin, hope or
expectation could not be realized with fence to
forniu. Ihe Inflate I price* at which the lands
of the Mate were be d forbade this ex pec; vi ion.
A II this Is changed. Lands are i.o lunger held at
values which anticipate development, and out of
this grows the opportunity of reaping the reward
or that enhancement which will necetgarlly ensue
upon the more dense settlement of our Mate, All
the condlti< Inciting Immigration to tali Slate
have improved. The rate of transportation ha* a
steadily downward tendency. The. cost if living
constantly declines. The orUlnai cost of planting
.ii i riliiird has been vry greatly diminished A
rite expertlfiic c as to the science of horticulture
and agriculture affords guaranteo against the
costly mistakes of ignorance. -
In <-v -ry aspect of the case the Invitation which
11. people of California can now extend to the
home-seekor* of the wurld has belter justification
than at any time in tne history of the cumtno.i
weaith. At this juncture the reputation of ojr
State as a desiruule p:nc«* for residence has re
ceived the hroadrsi injury.
Tn-8e matters are oi the highest importance to
the State of California. They are of vastly greater
Importance than the question of exnlhinii^ the
products of the >tate at i astern or foreign expo
•llions. We are confronted b. a condition which
will deny to us our due share of the immigration
wnlcn seeks new homes each year.
Tee State Board of Trade, an organization com
posed of the representatives or the various coun
ties of the .-Mate, l.us had these mutters under con
sideration.' and &M appointed the signers of this
communication a committee to present the mm
ter to your Excellency, accompanied by a petition
that the facts herein presented be made the sub
ject of a special message to the L«gU!aluie, ac
companied- by. the recommendation ;hnt a om
m.sstoa of immigration be cnatcd and estao
ilshed whose duty I. shall be to institute Inquiry
Into the character of all colonization schemed pro
jected in this :stat«. »'id to commend or condemu
according .0 the merit or demei It of such schemes.
The Only adequate or effective defense the state
can row make against the injurious representa
tions wnlch hay« received such h gh otlkUl md
d r^ement will he through the deliberate conclu
sions of an official body, one representing the
Government o. the state of California, and there
for.- charged with a high accountability. The
testimony of such a high authority will be re
ceived, nspectod and believed, while the repre
scn.atlon of the voluntary immigration instru
mental!. y will be regarded as pur: lal, interested
and unreliable.
We therefore have the honor to petition that
your Excellency present to the Legislature in the
form in » special message such statement of tbe
changed and Improved conditions in this state as
bear upon its natural resources, the opportunities
of their development and tin- genera! deslraUlliy
of the Mate tin « |i ace of residence.
We also respectfully urge upon your thoughtful
attention the suggestion herein made of the
creation of a Slate Commission of Immigration,
tin' function and oflico of which would be to pro
tect the people of i aliform* against me Injurious
result" of fraudulent schemes projected only In
the interest 01 private peculation.
All misrepresentation of this kind can work only
Injury 10 I Bit ci nimomveHiih, aid a State' Com
mission, composed of patriotic mil bonoraUe men,
armed With I lie mi lioilty of the law and rrprnnelit
ins in an clllc.nl capacity thi* people if the Suite of
California, would make only truthful representa
tion*: ad with this hleh official indorsement the
truth concerning our Mate would be received and
bellevid. •:.-.
We iur-go further detail of outline, leaving to
your better iiiicli-r«it ■ r.<!lnc of the subject and your"
belter facility of suggestion : lie elaboration of the
plan herein generally outlined.
Respectfully representing to you the gravity of
the situa'lon. we have the honor to remain, yours
very reij>ectful:y.
WMlam 11. Mills, chairman committee. San
Irancisco.
N. 1' chipman, president State Board of Trade,
Teliama County.
Joieph ft, Kmerr, vice-president State Board of
Trade, A ameda Count/.
J .\. Filcti^r, general ma n;;ger, Pl»c3r County.
Mrs. B. sh elds, BxrrsmsntoUoniKy.
t ruigie Alutueua County, committee.
In the course of the personal interview
had with the Governor the committee was
informed that the suggestions contained
in the memorial met with the hearty ap
proval of the chief ex cutive, and that he
would send a special message on the sub
ject to the Les-'isiatur?, and would prepare
a bill to cover tne object desind — that is,
the establishment of an immigration com
mission. It is the parpOM of tlie Gover
nor to erect the State Board of Agricul
ture into an immigration commission and
thus obviate the necessity for any greatly
increased appropriation,.
JT> HEMATIC' A.\D A6SE3IBZI.
I'atnage of the Mil to I'rottct I.u'iorert
ii. I'ublic ttorfc*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 17.— 1n ibe
Senate this morning the following bills
were pas-ed: Henderson's bill to provide
a bond for the protection of laborers on
pubiic works; Holloway's bill regulating
the width of tires to be usea on public
roads; Voorheis' bill exempting firemen
from jury duty; Stratton's bill permitting
the aitachmeut of the salaries of muni
cipal employes for debt. Wright's bill to
give the university a 1-ceni tax on the
$100 was read the second time and passed
to the third- reading lile. Dickinson's bill
to prot ct dairy interests was under con
sideration when the Senate took a recess
until aiteruoon.
The Senate this afternoon finally passed
the Assembly b:li authorizing Supervisors
to reconstruct and change the location of
bridges over navigable streams.
Tiie Assembly bill revising the fish and
game laws was passed, as amended. A
number of Assembly bills were read a
second time.
StrattonV Senate bill relating to the
executions be:ng taken out in counties
other than that in which the judgment
was rendered was passed. The AsseiuDly
concurrent resolution creating c. com
mittee to investigate" the printing ottice
was taken up and that portion providing
for the choosing of an account ana a
printing expert by the minority, was
stricken out.
Several b'lls were introduced: By Strat
to:;, to ?iay the claim of J. \\\ Traver of
the Oakland Kncinal for the printing ot
constitutional amendment! 1 ; by More
housfc, for the placing of monuments to
mark the boundaries of counties; by Lin
ders, amending sections of the Political
Code relating to public schools.
Albert Searls w»- appointed assistant
history clerk, to take the place oi Albert
Lindiey, who resigned to take the position
of bookkeeper in the otlicoof the Secretary
of Sta;e.
At the morning session of the Assembly
a resolution was offered appropriating
$686 00 for additional expense in the
Huey-Powers contested election case.
Referred to ihe Committee on Elections.
America's bill, reforming the agricul
tural districts of the Stale and providing
for the control of fair associations therein,
was sought to be amended so far as the
various districts are concerned, adding
Sacramento to El Dorado as a district,
and thus placing the appropriation for the
State Fair in jeopardy. Other amend
ments were offereJ, but all were defeated
and the bill was recommitted to be made
the special order for next Tuesday morn
ing.
Bills for the relief of the State Printing
Office, special orders, were taken up.
D.bble had two bills appropriating in the
aggregate $75,00.'. Sbanahan had a sub
stitute Darning $40,000 for the legislative
printing for tlie session.
Dibble introduced a resolution suspend
ing the constitution and making emer
gency bills of his two measures.
Cutter offered a substitute, making all
three bill? ca>es of emergency. Adopted.
The Assembly went into committee of
the whole to consider the printing oiiice
bills, and inter some debate decided to re
port favorably Dibble's two measures and
unfavorably Shanahau's bill appropriating
140,000.
The Dibble bill passed by a vote of 45 to
23, the usual motion for "reconsideration
being made by Caminetti.
On motion of Dibble, Shanahan's bill
appropriating $40,000 for legislative print
ine was indefinitely postponed, Shanahan
giving notice of reconsideration. The bill
appropriating $75,000 for the printing
ollice, introduced by the committee on
printing, was withdrawn.
The Assembly concurrent resolution,
creating a committee consisting of Sena
tors Dickinson, Jellette and i. : eawell and
Assemblymen Price, Dennery and Me-
Lauren to investigate the affairs of the
printing office, was amende?! by Dibble,
substituting Caminetti for McLauren and
providing for the employment of two
printing experts and two accountant?, one
expert and one accountant to be chosen
by the minority and the others by the
majority. The amendment was accepted
by North.
The minority of the printing committee
submitted a substitute, setting forth the
amount expended during the last six
years and directing the Board of Ex
aminers to expert the printing office.
The substitute was lost.
The previous resolution was carried and
sent immediately to the Senate.
A. W. Branch was elected as-aistant
clerk, bia employment dating from Janu
ary 11, on reconsideration of the r»solu
tion lost on Monday.
Tlie bill providing for the consolidation
of San Quentin and Folsom prisons was
reporteu unfavorably.
' Therj was quite a fight over the rock
crushing plant in the Assembly this even
ing. Anderson introuced amendments
to the Senate bill iixtng ths price of
crushed rock, raising the price from 25
cents to 6J cenf. it being the second
reading of tlie bill. members were inatten
tive, and tne amendments were voted on
and carried. Cutter moved to reconsider
and the debate was opened, Godfrey,
Treacy and Anderson opposing, Cutter,
Hridgeford and Sims supportinz. The
motion was carried, and upon reconsidera
tion the amendments were lost. Ander
son offered several other amendments,
each raising the price of rock, wbicii were
voted down.
A large number of other Senate bills
were read for the second time. Adjourned.
Mail i:»rnp- J'unit htnrnt.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 17—As-em
blyman L. M. Landsborough, against
whom seven indictments were found by
the present Grand Jury charging h:m
with fraudulently raising county warrants
and totgeiy, b:ds lair to escape Till punish
ment, five of these indictments bavin.'
been quashed through legal technicalities,
and his counsel— Hyram Johnson, Arthur
Seymour and ex-^Senator Sprague — having
applied lor a writ of prohibition to pre
vent the Superior Court in this county
from bringing the other cases to trial on
claimed illegalities in selecting the pres
ent Grand Jury.
Oakland H«it»'« //»<• Stntr J'air.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Several
days aj;o a bill passed the Assembly pon
ferting power upon the State Agricultural
Society to sell Agricultural I'ark, where
races are held in ibis city during the Wtate
Fair. Craig Sharp, secretary of the Oak
land Board of Trade, and L. Itothenburg
of Oakland, are here in the interest of
having the btate Fair held In Alameiia
County, with authority to offer tlie Agri
cultural Society the Oakland Trolling
Park on easy terms. A bill will be intro
duced to-morrow for the purpose.
Ui!l Itudri feto (/»<• Bill?
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 17.— The
Governor has privately expressed a deter
mination to veto the bill passed by the
Assembly this afternoon, appropriating
♦40/00 to provide for the prin ting-office
act ency incurred up to the time of the
pMHfI of the bi!l on the ground of its
unconstitutionally. It is said that at the
executive meeting of the Board of Ex
aminers held this afternoon the board
approved the Governor's proposed action
in regard to this particular bill.
SEEING "UNCLE"
MADE PLEASANT
Senator Holloway Intro
duces a Bill to Regulate
Pawnbrokers.
It Will Place Establishments on
a Higher Plane and Benefit
the Poor.
An Incorporated Company to Be
Formed S<mi ar to the One In
N.w York.
SACRAMENTO, Cku, Feb. 17.— A1l who
find it necessary to regularly or occasional
ly visit their "uncle" will be interested in
Senate bill 77, introduced by Senator
Holloway and passed by the Senate to
day.
The measure is designed in the interest
of tfie pocr people who are compelled to
resort to pawnbrokers at times to keep the
wolf from the door. As soon as it passes
the Assembly and receives the approval
of the Governor, a company will be
organized under it in San Francisco with
a capita] stock of $100,000, with S. P.
Young as the principal stockholder. He
will subscribe $.00,000.
Among otiier tilings the bill is intended
to place pawnbrokiiiß, when conducted
by corporations, under the supervision of
the Bank Commissioners.
It is the outgrowth of the success that
has attended the corporation known as
the Provident and Savings Loan Society
of New York, incorporated by tha Van
dorbilts largely as a philanthropic meas
ure. Tbat corporation has $200,000 in
vested and has paid its shareholders 6 per
cent per annum besides saving the poor
people of that city a large amount of
money in the shape of interest and other
charges.
The principal features of the bill follow:
Any corporation which has or shall be in
corporated under tha general incorporation
laws of tn;s State, authorized by its articles of
Incorporation to loan money at interest upon
the pledge or montage of goods, chattels, se
curit.es, and other personal property, and
upon mortgages of real estate, and :o make In
vestment-* in stocks, bonds and other securi
ties, shall be granted all me power and privi
leges necessary for the execution of these pur
provided that nothing herein contained
shall authorize any such corporation to en
gage in the business of banking. No business
slia.l be transacted by any such corporation,
until all ihe capital stock of such corporation
has been actually mid iv good tailh suDscribed
and at least 50 per centum thereof shall have
been actually paid In-, in cash.
Sucli corporations, wheu they have dispos
able funds, shall loan on sli goods and cnat
teis or on all sate securities offered, embraced
within its rules and regulations ia the order
in •.vnicn they arc offered with this exception
that they may always discriminate in favor of
small loans to the indigent.
It at any time any such corporation has dis
posable funds, which cannot be loaned readily
upon eoods and chattels or upon sate securi
ties, such corporation may make loans of such
tundl upon mortgages of real estate and may
mave investments 01 such funds in any socks,
bonds or other securities as the directors
thereof inny deem advisable.
Bach corporations shall in no case charge in
terest at a rate exceeding '2 per cent per
month | provided, however, that all loans shall
shall be subject to one month's interest and
no loans shall be settled at a less charge than
15 Cents.
All loans by such corporations Rhall be for a
time fixed, and not more than for one year,
and the mortgagor or pledgor shall have a
right to redeem his property mortgaged or
pledged, at aay time boiore it is sold, on pay
ment of tne loan and rate of compensation to
the time oi the offiT to redeem.
I'r, perty pledeed to such corporations must
be held six months after the last date fixed by
contract for redemption.
The Board of Bank Commissioners shall
have KCCesa to the vaults, books and papers of
r.ny such corporation, and it shall be their
duty to inspect, examine and inquire into its
affairs, and tnke proceedings in regard to it,
in the same manner and to the same extent fts
if SRid corporation were a savings bank or a
banking corporation.
Ai.y corporation which shall violate the
provision- of the second section of this act
bhall be liable to a penalty of $100 for each
and every day of the continuance of such vio
lation; and any corporation wnich shall know
ingly violate any of the provisions of any oth
er section of this act ahmll be liable to a pen
alty oi not less tha:> $23 nor more than $100
for every such violat.on.
Such corporations shall pay annually in ad
vance license fees as follows:' To the Treasurer
of State, who shall pay the same in to the
"Bank Commissioners' iuuo," the sum of 925;
to the Treasurer of the city, or city and county,
in '.vhli-h any such corporation is located the
sum of $125.
lASPJCCXIOy or dairies.
An Important Sul'Jrct Upon Which Sen
ator* Do >ot Agree.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Dairy
inspection and incident thereto the extir
pation of cattle infected with bovine
tuberculosis, was the subject ol quite a
lively discussion in the Senate to-day.
Senate bill 182 by Dickinson was up for
third reading.
Dickinson at once took the wind out of
the sails of the strvncest opponents to the
measure by offering an amendment strifc
iii;.' out the clause providing for compen
sation to owners for cattle condemned
and slaughtered by authority of the in
spectors. He also asked lenve to amend
by cutting: the $45,000 in half.
l'raunhart, who sees an opportunity for
opposition oratory in f-verything that
emanates from a Republican, whether in
or.ler or not, took tne Hoor and spoke
against the measure as a whole. With his
t^uixot-like imaeination he saw danger
in the provision fixing the compensation
of veterinary surgeons and inspectors at
$5 a day for each day actually employed,
llis active but faulty mental vision saw
each county burdened with $10 a day,
though there is no requirement which
makes this possible. Both the number
of veterinaries and the number of inspec
lorsisiefito the discretion of the State
Dairy Bureau.
He was aJso opposed to the provision
that the wort of dairy inspection should
be left to the Dairy Bureau, who were all
ilairymen, and who, he claimed, would
not oe likely to order the condemnation
of their own cattle when they were not to
receive compensation for the animals
slain. Then he assumed to be affrighted
at the possibility of a claim against the
State for slain c:ittle, and lastly, entered a
protest pgainst the section which repealed
all acts in conflict with the one under con
sideration. Tnis provision, he pointed
out, would tie the hands of all boards of
supervisors and county boards of health
so tar as dairy inspection was concerned.
Senator Gillette opposed the amend
ment. He cited the States of New York
and Massachusetts in which compensation
was given for condemned diseased ani
mals, and said that a similar policy should
be pursued in California.
Senator Smith spoKe on behalf of the
dairymen of Kern and 9au Luis Gbispo
counties, none of them, he declared, had
cxi reused themselves in favor of the
measure, though a director of the State
Dairy Bureau resided in San Luis Obispo
County, tie btlieved the dancer from
tufoercolosis was greatly exaggerated, and
quoted Professor Alvord of the United
States Bureau of Animal Industry to
show that even when cattle were affected
with tubercolosis they mi(jnt still be valu
able for breeding purposes, and that their
milk ni'cht be safely used if sterilized.
For this reason he argued that if such
cattle are killed they sliouid be paid for.
Ho addtd that the tuberculiu teat was
NEW TO-DAY-CLOTHING.
ii^ TheChallens*e
-\ f^p Of All
!%^Uk^ Challenges! .
/ W'f cZ^/ *&0 world to
I \\ \S^q^X \ equal its like.
ill \ \ For to-day and to-mor-
T)H J I row ailc^ Saturday if the
**LL~^l h^ y\ J quantity holds out.
p^^fcea^y^V^ Some 500 Sailor Suits
t v made from good blue chev-
\ ■ [ iots, with deep sailor col-
l\ I lars, trimmed with red,
I . ' \ I white and' black soutache
\ / braid, with lanyard and
f|P whistle; also a limited
fflw l|p quantity of long pants sai-
Wf gj Zors; awfully cute little
W wi • sailors ages 3to 12.
y\ \g. Challenge price,
sr —$1.50—
CJ O €9 }o o(
A A A jo We.have a beautiful 3
V § v i* selection of new Spring 3
X A |s Novelties in Blouses g
X A X 5 a'7^^ Waists at $
x * x »* —50c— S/
For Larger Boys. biJi^uLSLojiJLJLOJLajLajuiL^^
6?z;e7' t>o6> 0/ our newest
and prettiest Short Trouser ?^&\
Suits, ages sto lo years fl\~ -vV^s.
in small pla i d s and !W f- T f^^
Scotches; .111- Wool Suits; J/^yiL^^i-
the trousers are made with /T%^^/\ \i
double seats and knees — in- . =^V^_^/ I&* i\J}
eluding ~t\ S\ 1 C3> VL
An Extra Pair E f hi ° /i M !
of Trousers. IJIlIlj 0^ |Ji
T/io >SV^77, including an If [' ¥<: T\ —^ i3l|
extra pair of trousers ; the If iii ff /i I y^B •
two are worth not less than f'\!J i| i ajljll
) "O/67 1 pick to-day and to- n-^^^PH m -
morrow at the Challenge =5F fiw f
price, m W
—$2.50— # f
RAPHAEL'S
SAILORS "^^
oprT/^T AT (Incorporated), '
crr\ Tjffi ' FRISCO BOYS,
— OUC~ 9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
acknowledged to be fallible, and that un
der its use great injustice would be done
by slaying cows that were perfectly
healthy.
Dickinson responded by stating that the
bill was originated by the dairy people for
the very purpose of exempting cattle from
the tuberculin test, and that the bill con
temnlated the employment of expert
veterinarians to report on tbe condition of
dairy boards, lie said the introduction of
the Dill was due to the fact that last sum
mer a large number of cattle had been
slaughtered in the bay counties under the
tuberculin test. The dairymen, he said,
were not likely to inaugurate a crusade
against their own interests.
The biil was intended to protect the
people in the large majority of counties
where no provisions had been made by
board? of supervisors or boards of health
in the matter. Smith deprecated the asri
tation on the subject, and said it would
injure the markets of the dairymen of the
State. It was placing in the hands of the
producersof vegetable oils a strong weapon
to be used against natural dairy products
with which the vegetable-oil manufactur
ers were in keen competition at the pres
ent time.
Senator Gillette favored the bill, but
wanted the compensatory clause retained.
He held thatoinless something of the kind
proposed were done the San Francisco
market would be closed to the dairymen
of Humboklt and other counties.
Braunhart again called attention to the
fact that the bill as it stood would take
tne matter of dairy inspection out of the
hands of all county boards of health, in
cluding that of San Francisco, and Sen
ator Diccinson agreed to a further amend
ment reading as follows: "Provided that
nothing herein shall in any manner affect
the powers of boards of supervisors or
boards of health."
The amendments we^e adopted and the
bill was ordered re-enerossed. As the bill
now stands it gives the dairymen the
right to kill their own cattle without al
lowing them any compensation for their
losses, find gives the members of the
State Dairy Bureau the power to
appoint an army of veterinary
surgeons and inspectors at the ex
pense of the State, who by virtue of
their obligation to the dairymen who ap
point them would naturally feel delicate
about carrying out their duties in the con
scientious manner that the welfare of the
people at large would demand. So changed
has the measure become under the numer
ous assaults made upon it since its intro
duction that Senaior Dickinson, wnose
name is attached to it as its author, felt
constrained to disavow his paternity of
the measure on the floor of the Senate
to-day.
ADMIRAL CALHOUN GONE.
Dsath of a Naval Veteran Who Made a
Gallant Record in the Mexican
and Civil Wars.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— Rear-
Admiral Edmund F. Calhoun, U. S. N.
(retired), died in this city to-day. He
was 75 years of age.
Edmund R. Calhoun was born in Cham
bersbursr, Pa., May 6, 1S21; appointed mid
shipman from Missouri, April 1, 1839: at
tached to the *iloo,n Marion, Brazil squad
ron, 1839-41; frigate Congress, Molitera
nean and Brazil squadrons, 1842-44; naval
school, Philadelpma, 1845; promoted to
passed midshipman Jnly 2, 1845; frigate
Cumberland, • home squadron, 1546-47;
served in Mexican war, beine present at
the first attack on Alvarado, under Com
modore D. Connor, and also under Com
modore M. C. ferry at the capture of
Tobasoo; receiving shin at Philadelphia,
1850-51; fricate at. Lawrence, Pacitic
squadron, 1851-53; resigned June 27, 1853.
He re-entered Hie navy as acting lieu
tenant. 1SG1; 'commanded steamers
Shawsheen and Hunchback, Nortn
Atlantic blockading bquadron, 1861-62;
was in the following engagements:
Roanoke Island, February 7 and 8, 1562;
capture of Newbern, March 14, 1862: en
gagement on the Black Water Pviver, be
low Franklin, Va., October, 186.5; commis
sioned as commander, November 17, 1862;
commander steamer Ladona, North At
ianiic blockading squadron, 1573; monitor
Weehawken, South Atlantic blockading
squadron, 18(53; took part in the different
actions with Forts Sumter, Wagner, Ba.in
reeard, etc., from July 10 to Septemripr 15.
1863; commanded monitor Sau!ius,lSi;4-t .">;
encaged Howlett's Battery on ti>.' James
River, June 21 and December 5. 1864; took
part in the bombardment of Fort Fsher,
December 25, 18«j4, and its capiure Janu
ary 15, 1865; was on special duty at New
York in 1866; fleet captnin of the South
Pacific equadron in 1366-67; commissioned
as captain March 2, 1860; commanded the
monitor Dictator in 1569-70 and the fla"
ship HanforJ, Asiatic station, in 1873-74;
was in command of the Asiatic station for
four months; was then transferred to the
Richmond, flagship of the South Pacific
station, being in command of her from
August, 1874, to July, 1875. Commis
sioned aa commodore April 26, 1876; re
lieved Rear- Admiral John Rorigers, in
command of the navy-yard, Mare island,
Cal., April 17, 1877; in command of the
yard nntil January 15, 18S1; special duty,
1881-82; promoted to rear-admiral Decem
ber, 18S2; retired May 6, 1883.
IWO XEGROEs LYNCHED.
Ihey Had Mobbed a farmer and Burned
//i.« Mouse.
MEMPHIS, TsBH., Feb. 17.—Informa
tion of a double lynching that occurred a
week ago has just become public. It
occurred near Webb City a small town in
the Mississippi Valley, south of this city.
Two negroes, whose names are not known,
robbed a farmer and then burned his
house. The following day the negroes
were caught by the citizens of Webb City,
and after being compelled to dig their
own graves, were lynched.
Snqnr IS irnnt Hold a Secret Merttna.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 17— The di
rectors of the American Sugar Refinine
Company held a meeting this afternoon.
After the adjournment Treasurer Searles
declined to state what action the di
rectors took regarding the request of the
Lexow committee for permission to ex
amine the company's books. John E.
Parsons also declined to make any state
ment, saying that it would be contempt
to the committee for him to do so.
Walked 4000 Miles in ->me Month*.
EGG HARBOR, N. J.. Feb. 17.— Jacob
Echelman was greatly surprised yesterday
afternoon when bis brother, whom he
supposed to be in Centralia, Wash.,
walked in upon him. The brother ex
plained that he had walked the entire
distance in nine months, and had covered
about -4000 miles. He is 24 years old.
Dare Sullivan Jut.t Out Fatty lltlf,.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 17. — The
twenty-five round boxing contest for the
115-pound championship of America be
tween Patsy Haley of Buffalo and Dave
Sullivan of Boston before the Polo Ath
letic Club resulted in a victory for Sulli
van, who knocked Haley out in the thir
teenth round.
I.mtiirhint/ of the Rattan Truitt.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 17.— The stock
holders of the Waketield Rattan Com
pany met to-day and agreed to the con
solidation proposed some time aeo with
the Hey wood Bros. Company of Gardner,
Mass. The terms are identical with thoaa
heretofore published.
Uniform Mates to Cnrxon.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 17. — It is said that
all the railroads running from Cbicaxo to
Carson, New, will to-morrow announce a
rate of $7(5 for the round trip to the Cor
betl-FiiZiininions fisrht.
Colorado Ariainst High Halt.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 17.— A bill mak
ing it a. punishable offense to wear a high
hat at a theatrical performance in Col
orado passed the Assembly to-day by a
vote of 44 to 15.
Onlreaton Strertcir Yen on Strike.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Feb. 17.— The
moiermen and conductors on the street
cars in Galvestoo, Texas, have struck for
more wages.
3
I
I
i
i
i
a
gpgs;
tan
m4
SONOMA'S RICHES
IN VAST ARRAY
Cloverdale's Annual Citrus
Fair Thrown Open to
Visitors.
Judge Burnett of Santa Rosa
Addresses the First Night's
Gathering.
Wealth of the Valley Displayed in
Baildmg Crowded With Uirque
Ex ibits.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 17 —All of
sweet Cloverdale is proud of her citrus fair.
In this instance she ha« good reason to be
somewhat vain. In originating and con
tinuing these citrus fairs Cloverdale not
only displays herself as the most enter
prising little city of the Sonoma Valley
but puts on exhibition to the world what
the county can do in the way of citrus
fruits as well as iv wine?. Everybody
knows that Sonoma County wine, in the
battalions of bottles that are stood up like
bo many soldiers all over the United
States, ranks as a commandor-in-chief,
tut it is only in late years that Clover
dale and her lovely environment of cli
mate, soil and hill? has had the ambition
to place before the people of the earth
as spectators or as newspaper readors
what the Bun, the moon and the soil en
ables her to do in the way of oranges,
lemons, limes, figs, prunes, olives and
almonds. No one who beheld the mag
niiicent display of these fruits and nuts as
finally arranged yesterday at the pavilion
could doubt that the Sonoma Valley could
vie with Southern California in the growth
of lemons, oranges, olives and nuts.
The new pavilion recently erected by
the Cioverdale Citrus Society is now occu
pied by the citrr.s fair for the tirst time.
It is better than two and a balf stories
high and 125 leet long, with galleries, and
is one of tlie most imposing public build
ings in the valley.
The entire lower floor is stacked with
citrus fruits. Tlie crowded display of
oranges, lemons, canned and dried fruits
and pickled olives leaves only compara
tively narrow aislos for spectators. All
tlie oranges and lemons are of line qual
ity, and some, which show in the fineness
of the ski:i on their face evidence of
extra careful cultivation, eqtril the best
that are grown in Southern California or
the ban Joaquin Valley. The citrus fair
pavilion was erected under the promoting
enterprise of the Citrus Fair Association
at a cost of abont $3500. It is a perma
nent building, 0:1 a solid roundation, and
will stand for decades of citrus fairs to
come. Toe -tock In the pavilion is held
all over Sonoma County.
The exhibit* and exhibitors already oc
cupying space amid-t the wealth of carni
val colors — green, yellow and white — are:
L. L. Sfiepard, oranges and lemons; G.
Luchetti, oranges, lemons and asparatrus;
John Geo:zelma:i, orange?; li. M. Hiincy,
oranges and lemon*; D. It. Wainboldt.
oranges; A. C. Leger, oranges and lemons;
G. Hunziker, preserved hgs, prunes, etc.;
A. Sbnrboro, ur;inges, lemons and Japanese
mandarins; William Caldweli, orange-;
Mr*. J. \V. Gallagher, oranees; \V. H.
McCray, oranges; Mrs. \V. H. McCray,
canned fruits; Mrs. L. A. Domine, a band
some an'i attractive model of the Clover-
Gale Episcopal church in oranires, one 0}
the unique features oi the fair; H. I. Bel
ford, oranges: Mrs. A. M. Coomet, oiives;
Dr. R. S. Markel. oranges; Captain John
Field, facsimile of the pavilion in oranges
ana lemons. This is one of the most
original and conspicuous exh.bits.
Confronting the entrance to the pavilion
is a pretty l.ttlo orange Krov, fruit, and
all, representing H.. J. Crocker's ranch
near Cioverdale. Brasb, Williams <fe «Jo.
have a beautiful exhibit of oranges in
pvramiaica! f^rm, the whole overtopped
by a large cage of singing canaries. Then
there are James A. Shaw, oranges and
limes; Sheriff B. 1. Allen, oranges; Guv
E. Grosse, olives and olive oil; W. T.
Brush, Italian Nesple; Mouiion Hiii
Vineyard, wine exhibit, P. Albertz pro
prietor—this is one of the Ijirgest and
most noticeable exhibits in the pavilion;
H. M. Hay ward, oranges; !?. PiDSCh
ower, oranges; I. B. Armstrong, the
first president of the Citrus Fair Associa
tion, orange*; J. E. 'Jhalfant, oranges;
Slate Senator J. C. Holloway, oranges and
lemons; Parker Vineyard, Gilbert and
John Winters, a fine display of wines,
olive oil and olives; John Elden. vegeta
bles, oranges and canned fruits; G. Hage
mayer, oranges; elaborate and handsome
design of the old oaken bucket and well
in lemons, by Mrs. F. K. Merntt; Anna
K. Bourden, silkworm cocoons and Ha
waiian oranges; Granville Pullen, tine
exhibit of oranges from a mountain
side 1500 feet above sea level, orna
mented with almond blossoms; Paul Bor
den, oranges; James Gardner, oranges;
Cioverdale Wine Company, pyramid of
wines; Itaiian-Swiss Colony, fine display
of oranges, lemons, olives and dried
prunes; Henry Hubbard, oranges and
lemons; Mrs. Preston, prunes, oranges,
lemons and almonds; Mrs. MeConnatny,
lemons and canned frnit; Henry
Meyer, lemons; Mrs. H. F. Gerk
hardt. oranges; G. Zolfo, o-anges;
Fred Whit taker, oranges;; J. A. Kleiser,
olives, olivu oil and prunes; M.
Meniban, oranges and lemons— prize
table entered in competition for prizes;
Mrs. F. K. Merritt, lemons; H. M. Hay
w&nl, lemons; H. M. Haney, lemons; W.
T. Brush, lemons; Henry HubtumJ, lem
ons; H. J. Crocker, lemons: G. Hage
meyer, oranges; J. Memhan, oranees;
John Field, oranges; Henry Hubbard,
oranges; Mrs. P. McKenna, oranges; Mrs!
L. J. Cooke, oranges; T. J. Cottle, oranges.
Among the miscellaneous exhibits are-
Mrs. P. H. Luuwig, Miss Mollie Hage
meyer and Mrs. H. M. Whitney, hand
carved chairs, easels, footstools, tables,
picture frames, etc. ; hand-painted china,
Miss Lena Brush; hand painted china'
Mrs. C. E. Farmer of Santa Rosa and Miss
Clarice Town of Petal u ma.
In addition to the foregoing exhibits
there is a very creditable art gallery and a
taxidermist's* exhibit by Charles Muller
and Will Adams. Not long apo coal was
discovered about five miles from Clover
dale, on the ranch of John Caldweil. He
has some of ;he coal on exhibition. Mrs.
H. M. Whitney displays fancy needle
work.
This was the opening night of the citrus
fair and it was a success in every way.
The new pavilion was crowded with the
loyal and enterprising people of Clover
dale and the immediate vicinity. The
oranpe carnival colors witn which the
pavilion is draped, the many hghts, the
pyramids of goiden fiuit anu the moving
throng formed a scene that would do
credit to a city many times the population
of Cloverdale.
But, like the Hellenic raco, which is
now flaunting heroic defiance in the face
of the Sultan, the people of the North
Sonoma Valley are not lacking in spirit;
when they undertake anything, they do
not do it in a half-hearted manner. They
are proud of their fair, and visitors from
the valley and other localities agree in the
opinion that in citrus fruits and enter
prise the Sonoma Valley is among the
most fertile in the State.
To-morrow will be a great day. It is
Sonoma County's day. Even the oldest
inhabitants are preaching that West
street to-morrow will be as crowded with
visitors a? Market and Kearny streets are
every afternoon from 4 to (i o'clock.
People are expected from all over the
valley on a number of excursion trains.
An address will be delivered in tbe even
ing by K. A. Thompson o? Santa Rosa.
Friday will be Mendociuo and Lake
County day, and an address will be de
ljvere.i in the evening by Mrs. Anna Mor
rison Reed of Uniah.
To-night Attorney George W. Hoyle
presided at the fair and introduced the
principal speaker. Judge A. G. Burnett of
Santa Rosa.
The Judge began by saying that the fine
exhibits spoke more "eloquently than
words of the fertility and resources of the
Sonoma Valley. Notwithstanding the
large amount of advertising that bad been
done in the East, he believed that Eastern
people in general, and the inhabitants of
the bleak Atlantic coast in particular,
were lamentably lacking in information
on California in general and the great
Sonoma Valley in particular. Sonoma's
litiht could not be hidden under a bushel;
it would yet te known tuat this was the
spot that nature bad designed to honor
In one of her mo*t alluring moods.
Judge Burnett svofce eloquently of the
vocation of a husbandman. One of the
things he could not understand was that
young men preferred to wear away their
lives with the yardstick or posing on
street corners in the city io living an. l
earning an honorable and self-respecting
livelihood on the farm. He urged young
men to take examples from the living
present more than from the dead pa«t.
Diverting into economics, the Judge said
the people were losing the power ol mak
ing price* as they were of making nomi
nations. Great price factories were beine
built up in the East which tended to rob
the farmer of the just dues for his In
dustry.
The Cloverdale Cornet b:\nd rendered in
good style a fine musical programme.
Among lhe special numbers was a cornet
duet by Professor ]>. C. Smith and Mia
Mabel Smith.
T A CO MA'S STRANGE SECT.
Pastor Harnman of. the "Come- Outers" ,
Begins Another Fast and Secret
- Communion.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 17.— Rev. N. 11.
Harriman, former pastor of the First
Babiist Church, has shut himself up for
another socret session with God.
He in fasting ami his followers are anx- |
iously awaiting to learn bis experience J
when he again appears at their meetings. |
The "corne-ouiers" who loft the Baptist
Church have been holding nightly meet
ings. Lajt evening Mr. Harriman did I
not appear, but sent his son with a letter 1
in which he said :
Dear Brethren and Sisters: 1 have received
permission to-night of the Father— or rather
I am Instructed by the Father — come aside
with him awhile. Some of you will under
stand mis. 1 .shall not be present again,
therefore, till he sends me out. I hope that it
will not be for a long time, for the work seems
pressing. It will, however, be better in the
end, for he is going to pour out his spirit upon
the work before long.
Mr. llnrriman also asked bis concrega
tion to prey for his family and to advocate 1
the "divine healing" part of their work, j
His letter points out that the Bible gives
the sect tne right to claim "healing" as
well as "justification" and "sanctirka
tion."
Mr. Harriman is now very weak and |
weary from his fasting and activity of the I
last month. He and Mr-. Harriman are
recovering from severe attacks of la
grippe. Their children have now been
taken down. The united prayers of his
followers are asked thai they may be
cured.
The meetings of the "come outers" are
taken up with discussions of the various
doctrines they have embodied in their
faith.
WRECK AT STOCKTON.
Engine and Cars 'on Ihe Corral Hollow
Railroad Topple Over an Em
bankment.
STOCKTON, Cat... Feb. 17. — An accident
occurred at. the coal bunkers of the Ala
meda and San Jouquin Valley Railroad
shortly belo c 6 o'clock this evening, in
which the engineer, fireman and other
trainmen narrowly escaped injury.
The bunkers of the coal road are in the
western part of the city, near the junc
tion of Mormon and Stockton channels.
During the recent high water thai section
was inundated, and the ground about ihe
tracks and the bunkers is still very wet.
The Coal-road engine attempted to as
cend the huh trestle leading to the bunk
er- late this afternoon, and now the engine
and two cars are lying in the mud at ti.e
side of the embankment.
As the track turns and ascends the
trestle there is a high embankment.
This had become loosened during the
high water. The engine had two cars in
front and two behind. The first two cars
were pushed over the earth embankment
and onto the trestel, andbefore the engine,
which weichs fifty-five tons, could pass
over it, the earth slid out and the engine
and tender began to topple over.
As it turned in its fall, Engineer J. P.
Bennett and Fireman W. H. Bergen
jumped, and so did Conductor J. W. Ding
ruan and Brakemen Hank Neff and Clif
ford Bjg«>. None were injured, as the
bank was only eight feet high at this point.
As the engir.e turned the valve in the
whistle was opened, and the iron monster
called for help for half an hour while
lying helpless in the mud. The two rear
cars went over with the engine and ten
der, but those that had reached the trestle
remained on the irack.
litfeball at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Feb.
17. — A shivering crowd witnessed a one
sided baseball game between the senior
and janior classes this afternoon. The
juniors won on a score of 18 to 1. The
ganie'did not Irck interest, for after con
siderable planning the juniors came out
with their pities and smashed hats and
class yells kept the c-owd in good humor
whenever the game Jagged.
tinmen Aqnin 1 o"i at Carton.
CARSON, Key , Feb. 17.— The Assem
bly to-day reconsidered the vote by which
the woman suffraee bill was defeated yes
terday. Another was taken on the orig
inal amendment and resulted same as that
of yesterday — 15 to 15. This practically
kills the bill.
JULIO s .M,r;;j,r> case.
(Siren Care/til Contidtrntion JBrfore the
Hen at" Cntmnittr*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
gave the Sanguilly case careful considera
tion this morning, the subject coming be
fore the committee on the joint resolu
tion of Senator Call instructing the Presi
dent to demand the immediate release of
Julio Snncuiliy and permission to return
to the United States. The correspondence
which has been sent to the Senate was
thoroughly gone over, but the committee
finally agreed to postpone action until to
morrow so that tne State Department
could r spond to the committee's inqulrv
as to whether there had been any develop
ments in the case since the tending of the
correspondence to the Senate. The case
appear", in tie opinion of the committee,
to be an aggravated one and it is under
stood that the sentiment of the commit
tee is favorable to a recommendation of
the passage of Call's resolution.
A Furniture Fire.
Fire started in the rear of the basement of
the Armory bnilding at Market and Tenth
streets t-arly this morning, and aid consider
abie damage to W. & Nolan's furniture store
in tbe same building.
The cause is unknown and tbe damage hns
not been estimated, but it will be considerable,
mostly confined, however to Nolan's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
STRUVE FAILS TO
OBTAIN DAMAGES
Decision in Favor of the
Western Beet Sugar
Company.
Manufacturing Interests Win
Important Litigation at
Santa Cruz
Da!ma3 & Shortridge's fil.ticn for a
Nonsuit GraDtd by Judge
Smith.
SANTA CRUZ, Cai... Feb. 17.— There
was quite a stir In court circles in Santa
Cruz this afternoon when the Judge's de
cision in the damage suit of Struve vs. the
"Western Beet Sugar Company was handed
down in response to a motion for a non
suit made by the defendant's counsel.
This case has been id progress before
Judge Smith of the Superior Court for
nearly three weeks.
The plaintiff in the action brought suit
to recover damages from the sugar com
pany in the sum of $20,000 for an alleged
injury resulting from the depositing of
beet pulp irorn the factory upon land
alleged to be ownod by the plaintiff,
James M. Struve of Watsonville. Delnias
ifc Shortrldge represented the defendant,
while the plaintiff's case was in the hands
of two local attorneys. Mr. Shortridge
personally conducted the defense, attend
ing steadily during the entire period of
the proceedings.
The importance of the case soon became
manifest. It was readily perceived by all
concerned that it involved a more than
local principle— perhaps a decisive cri
terion of the treatment which beet-sugar
manufacturers all over the country might
be expected to receive and abide by in the
future. It vergpd also upon the principle
of how much sufferance manufacturing in
general might be deemed privileged to
enjoy in the matter of causing incon
venience to private communities by their
necessary smoke, refuse matter, etc.
The plaintiff maintained that the odor
from the decayine pulp had injured his
health and comfort to the extent of $5000,
while the water draining from the millions
of tons of pulp had damaged his land to
tlie extent of $15,000. The defense showed
that the beet-sugar factory was estab
lished eight years before at a cost of sev
eial hundred thousand dollars; in 1890 it
had been enlarged to double its original
capacity; and in 1592 had been enlarged
again to twice its former capacity.
Altogether over $1*, 000, 000 had been ex
pended upon the plant. During all this
time the plaintiff had made no complaint,
but had regularly sold beets, to the fac
tory. If the pulp were a nuisance now it
must have beer, for eight years, and one
wuo had uncomplainingly permitted and
abetted it for eight years should now be
estopped from complaining. Further
more, it was shown that water from beets
is not poisonous, and that the plaintiff
had during the trial sold some of his land !
for a price that did not indicate that it I
had depreciated as be claimed.
It wasalso shown that the plaintiff had
ft flpsty containing 152 hogs within ten
feet of his front door; that only 200 feet
away were the corrals of the Watsonville
Creamery and Cattle Company, in which
were from 1700 to 2000 cattle all the tune,
and that not far distant was the dumping I
ground of a slaughter-house; and yet i
above all these the plaintiff detected and
was annoyed by the odor of the pulp
some distance away.
Last Friday the litigation reached a
point where the defendant's couns-1 found
it tenable to make a motion for a nonsuit
on several distinct grounds and the ca«e
went over pending the Judge's decision,
which was promised for t(j-d?y.
When the attorneys and tlie jury reas
sembled this morning a crowded court
room awaited them. The decisio.i was
postponed until the afternoon, when the
scene of excited interest was repeated and
greatly increased when the Judge ren
dered hie decision in favor of the de
fendant.
This evening there is considerable talk
of the case on the street, and general sat
isfaction at the result is manifested.
Every one seems to feel that a decision in
favor of manufacturing, as represented by
the Watsonville sugar factory, which is
greatly appreciated for its vast benefit to
the community, has been rendered.
WALKS FROM STOCKTON ASYLUM.
San Francisco Real Estate Agent Re-
leased on Habeas Corpus
Prcceed/ngs.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 17.— W. P.
Coward, a real estate a.ent, who has for
only a month been an inmate of the
State Insane Asylum here, yesterday ap
plied to the Superior Court for a writ of
habeas corpus, commanding Superintend
ent Clark of the institution to produce
him in court this forenoon at 10 o'clock
and to show cause why he should not be
released from confinement. The writ was
issued laic yesterday afternoon and served
upon Dr. Clark last evening, and to-day
JuUge Budd ordered Coward's release.
Coward was committed to the madhouse
on January 2(5, being at that time so
violent that it took several men to bring
him to the institution. He continued in
that condition for several days, and was
raving when the committee of legislators
visited the asylum. The man's reason
returned as buddenly as v had disap
peared, and a week ago he appeared to
have entirely recovered. He besought
the asylum authorities to discharge him,
but they hesitated, as they thought the
case should be given a longer test. The
patient, being of an energetic nature,
chafed under the restraint, and yesterday
decided to take legal steps lor his dia
charce.
Coward's reason abandoned him in the
Palace Hotel. Later his dementia took a
violent form and his wife and children
feared for their safety. After the trial
to-day it was intimated that Coward be
lieves that he was "railroaded" to the
asylum. He says that he was never in
sane, but was only prostrated by over
work.
CRUSADERS AT SAN DIEGO.
Prominent Theosoph/sts From A l / Corners
of the Glebe Arrive at the
Southern Seaport
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 17. — Mrs.
Katberine A. Tineley, head of the theo
sophical movement over the entire globe,
and President E. T. Hargrove of New
YorK, presiding officer of the Tbeosopbical
Society of America, India and Australia,
arrived here this afternoon, accompanied
by the balance of tne party of the world's
crusaders and twenty-five prominent
theosophist leaders from prominent cities
of the coast.
Another large delegation is expected to
morrow and every day ttus week The
osnpbists wiil continue to arrive from all
parts of the country. At leant 150 leaders
are expected to be here by Monday next.
On the 23d inst. the cornerstone of the
"School for the Revival ol the Lust Mys
teries of Antiquity" will be laid on the
site seiected on land recently purchased
by E. P. Ram bo on Point Loma.
The edirico will be the greatest temple
of its kind ever erected on earth and will
cost, complete, upward of $500,000. The
cornerstone consists of lour triangular
stones from Egypt, Ireland, Scotland
and the United States, perfectly fitted to
gether.
Work will be begun on tbe temple in a
few days. It is designed to make ihe park
on Point Loma the headquarters oi the
the osophists of the world. In the mean
time a temporary building to cost $-25,000
will be built for present needs.
SAM JOSE LABORER IN LUCK.
Awarded Heavy Damages Because He Was
Thrown From a Wagon Having
No Seat
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— The trial of
the suit brought by Albert Limberg
against the Glenwood Lumber Company,
was concluded to-day in Judge Hyland's
court, the jury awarding Limberg $0000
damages.
The plaintiff contended that he lost a
leg through the negligence of the lumber
company. The testimony was to the
effect that while was in the employ of the
company as a driver he was pulled from a
wagon that was loaded with lumber and
his left lee was so badly crushed under a
wheel that it had to be amputated above
the knee.
it was alleged that the accident oc
curred because the lines were too short,
and no seat was provided for the driver.
The verdict of the jury awarding $GOOO
damages was by a unanimous vote. The
case will be appealed.
Fate of Boy Burglar*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.- The charges
of burglary against George Tiegier, John
Bailey and Fred Bailey, the boys arrested
last Saturday night for entering a num
ber ol vacant houses and stealing the lead
pipe used in plumbing, were dismissed by
Juitice Gass this morning and charges of
petty lurceny substituted. The three —
ranging in age from 1(5 to 20 years — pleaded
guilty to this latter charge. John Baiiey,
the eldest of the trio, was sentenced to
180 days in the County Jail, and in Fred
Bailey's case sentance was postponed
during good behavior. Ticgler's case will
be disposed of to-morrow.
Funei'al of >athun J. Jhtinrs.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Feb. 17.— The funeral
of Nathan J. Jlaines, whose neck was
broken by a fall from the top of his winery
la.^t Monday, was held from his home in
Union district this afternoon. The ser
vices were largely attended. Mr. iiaines
was a native of Massachusetts, aged 4S
years. He was an enthusiastic orcbardisi
und owned one of the linest suburban
nomes in the county.
lletd on a Hurqlaru Cliarge.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Feb. 17.— William
Downing, who robbed a room in the Ty
hurst lodging-house of a lot of clothing, a
diamond p.n and a revolver about a week
ago, was field to answer on a charge of
burglary by Justice Gass to-day. When
arrested the defendant had me stolen
property in his possession. Downing
Merved four years at the Whittier Reform
School, irom which he eschped about a
year ago.
firing the Carnival Period.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— The question
of Holding a floral festival this your simi
lar to the Carnival of Roses held last May
has been referred to a committee appoint
ed at a meeting of businessmen last even
ing. While a majority of the people favor
holding some kinu of a carnival opinion is
divided as to whether it would be best to
have it this spring or next fall. To settle
the question a systematic canvass of the
town will be made.
llnrtrnhtirr* Want Protection.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— The horse
shoerri of this county, who recently organ
ized for the purpose of protecting them
selves from bad bills, have prepared a bill
and forwarded it to Senator Morehouse
making a debt for shoeing an animal a
lien upon such animal, such claim to have
precedence over any chattel mortgage,
bill of sale, conditional contract or other
security upon such animal.
Cattle- 1 h Irf I' lead* Guilty.
SAN .JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— Ed Moleres,
who was arrestea about a month aeo for
Mealing thirty head of cattle from the
Hyde ranch on Pine Ridge, to-day pleaded
guilty before .Judge Buck in the Superior
Court to a charge of grand larceny. He
will be sentenced next Tuesday.
failure of a Jereeler.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. JVeb. 17.— A. E. Bocks,
who until recently conducted a jewelry
store on South First strset, has tiled a
petition in insolvency. The liabilities
aguregate $764. The assets are $53 worth
of book accounts. He conducted a similar
business at Woodland.
SUED BY /" as ai, i > A HA ACHE US.
Nurseryman Accused of Disposing of
Inferior Stuck.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 17.— There
are some angry orchardists around Pasa
dena, and their feelings took definite
shape this forenoon in a criminal charge
brouent against Nurseryman James J.
McKenna. The gentleman who brought
the case to a head is .Rancher A. McDon
ald of Lamancta Park He swore to a com- .
plaint charging McKenna with obtaining
money under lalse pretenses. He alleges
that on March 10. 1H96, he bought 140 apr
icot trees from McKer.na, and that they
were represented as being of tne royal
variety, and that they had been budded
upon seedling plants. McDonald claims
that be planted the tree?, and that they
have not turned out as represented; that
they are not budded and have proved a
complete loss to the complainant.
It is claimed that McK«nn» told differ
ent orchardists the names of persons who,
he said, had budded his nursery stock,
and those he named have denied that they
did any budding of the nature claimed*.
The case is likely to cause much interest
when it comes up for trial.
rattf-limf Sun/cry's Visit.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., Feb. 17.— The
noted evangelist Ira W. Bankey and his
wife, son and daughter-in-law arrived in
Los Angeles to-day. They came to enpy
the cliniaty.
Mrs. Snnkey is not robust, and, having
on a previous visit realized the beneficial
effects of the climate, desired to again test
it. She intends yisiting Del Monte and
Catalina Island, and in a few weeks will
go to San Francisco and other northern
points.
Hum* Whipped by Cotton.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 17.— 1n the
clove contest before the Los Angeles
Athletic Club to-night between Joe Cotton
(colored) of Los Angeles and Jim Burns
of Chicago, Cotton showed himself the
superior man throughout, knocking Burns
out in the sixth round with a hard punch
in the stomach and a right hook on the
jaw. The men weighed im\.: ™cb. Billy
Gallagher challenged the wuiner.
fire at /..,/■•• r «/i'M.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. 17—Fire
wrecked the general merchandise eslab
liyhment of L. McKelvey, on Nineteenth
street, between 4 and 5 o'clock tills morn
ing. No one is able to giva an explanation
of its oriein. Indications are that it began
in tbe basement, for when tirst discovered
smoKe was seen issuing from the grating
in tne sidewalk. The stock, valued at
$14,030, while not all burned, is considered
a total los?. Very few articles were saved.
The building, the property of T. E. Hard
ing, was damaged to the extent of $1500.
The stock aad fixtures were insured for
$8000 and th« building for $0000.
TURFMAN RAYMOND
PASSES THE WIRE
Owner of Speedy Klamath
Succumbs to Heart
Trouble.
His Illness Induced by Grief
Over the Death of His
Wife.
The End Hastened by Worry Caused
by a Published Report That
Hi Was Insane.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Feb. 17.— Thomas
Raymond, owner of the famous trotter
Klaruath, and one of the beat known
horsemen of the country, died in Los
Angeles this morning from heart disease,
with which he had been troubled for some
months past. His death is considered by
friends here to have been caused prin
cipally by grief over tho death of his wife,
who passed away in Michigan six months
ago while they were on the Eastern circuit
with Klanmh.
Previous to his wife's death Mr. Ray
mond was an unusually vigorous and
robust man, but he never seemed to re
cover from the shock occasioned by her
loss, and rapidly became a victim of serious
heart trouble, augmented by a complica
tion of other diseases which were never
fnlly diagnosed by physicians. The end
had been momentarily expected by those
fully cognizant of his condition for some
time. He went to Los Angeles on Monday
with a niece for medical treatment. A
statement that he was insane, published
quite generally a few weeks ago, worried
him greatly and undoubtedly hastened
the end. As a matter of fact he was at no
time alHicted will insanity. An attack
of heart trouble seized him at the West
minster Hotel in Los Angeles, and his
struggles were wrongly taken as an indica
tion of loss of reason. The body will be
brought to Santa Ana to-morrow and will
be interred on Friday beside that of his
wife.
It is generally understood that Ktamath
was bequeathed to Gilbert Judd, Ray
mond's racing partner, who lived here
with him fur years.
■Fresno's Jtace Meeting.
FRESNO, Cat.., Feb. 17.— The Fresno
Jockey Club is making arrangements to
give a spring meeting in Fresno. Mana
ager L. Rockman has returned from a
trip to the coast where he has been inter
esting horsemen in the coming meet. He
was assured that some of the nest racers
now running at Ingleside and Oakland
will be here. The Fresno meeting will last
live days and Manager Rockman has en
gaged the track at Bakers field to give a
meet there the five days following. The
coming meet promises to be one of the
b«st ever had in Fresno.
Mr*. Slarum IHea at Stnttle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 17. — Mrs.
Slam in, wild of Captain J. C Sla'tnm,
corhmaT»der>-x}f the revenue cutter Grant,
died this morning at Seattle as a result of
a surgical operation performed some days
ago. She was 50 years of age, and a na
tive of Edgnrtown, Mas*.
I K j ■ ). I!
A WASTING DISORDER WILL SOON SAP
the life out of every man and leave him a
complete wreck. No man can afford to allow him.
.self to continue to waste away. ' lie must slop it,
and slop It quickly.
Wasting diseases are due to abuses. A man who
has declined is a man who haj stayed up all night.
used too much liquor, or abused himself in some
other way. >."o matter what form of abuse you
subject your body to, the penalty will have to b«
paid. Perhaps yon ars now miff «ring from a dis-
order which has been brought ab>ut by yonr own
folly. You wish It cured. What would you d:>
Would you be willing to have the advice of ten
thousand people on the Pacific Coast, if those peo-
ple had gone the same road ? Certainly. Then
you will find the great lludyan treatment the
proper treatment for you. Why? you ask. An-
swer— Because "Hudyan" has been before the
public for many years, and has cured Invariably.
Huge stacks of testimonials can be read by any
one. "Hudyan" cures falling manhood, nervous
disorders, melancholia, drains, losses, loss of vim,
nervous debility, prematurity, impotency, sper-
matorrhoea, bashfulness and the disorders and
disabilities of man. Consult the Hudson Doctors
free, or write for circulars and testimonials.
Oil II AY PURE FirBt> « ec °n«Jary and
OU'UHI UUiIC tertiary forms of blood
On I! AY PIIOC dlaorders are manifested
QU UA! UUiIC by copp«r- olored spots,
on nAy piidc ttrbinK skin, irritated.
OU"UAT uUnt dry. parched throat and
QfI.IIAV P9IDC ba<abloo<l - Wnenlntljlß
OU UHI uUIIS. condition you must art
On nnv piidc Promptly. The best to
UlrUAl UUnt do is the sure. 30-day
30 DAY cUREthT c Uorwrlr9for
30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market ana Ellis St«.,
\ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING. - j,
~-~-' ».---'-->■-»- t
CAN YOU WAJT?
I imsMKHiuwniawMi wiarrcnHaifffftri'flflitfiiaaa rmwhrfirragKiraMat'ii -ffffHilHwiiniawii
i IF YOU CAN WE'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO SAVE MONEY.
1 EISTOTJGHEI S-A-lID.
I CLOTHING CO.,
1 924 to 930 Market St.,
m Will open their Gigantic Establishment
I SATURDAY - - - FEBRUARY 20,
1 With a $200,000 Stock of Men's, Boys' and
Eg Children's
CLOTHING, HATS
.A.2STX)
FURNISHING GOODS
I The Bankrupt stock of the now defunct Rochester Manu-
j| facturing Company. Clean, bright, fresh goods,
B high-grade garments. This season's make.
Killing Two Birds With One Stone.
I We have bought this stock for two reasons. The first :
I We have bought a large stock of Spring Goods, now en
j route, which will not be complete until the Ist of May.
I The second : We bought this bankrupt stock so low that
I we can sell it for less than the cost of the material, which
I we propose to do solely as an advertising medium.
THIS GIGANTIC SALE STARTS SATURDAY, FEB. 20
AND WILL CONTINUE FOR 60 DAYS.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHING CO,
I 924 to 930 MARKET STREET,
1,. ... BALDWIN ANNEX, S. F.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ?
SAS FRASCISCO & north pa-
CIFIC RAILWAY co.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
fan Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:BO. 9:00. 11:00 a.m.; 12:3\
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 r. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:sj
and 11:30 p. U.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:3»
6:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Rufael to Sun Francisco.
WEEK BAYS- 7:60. 9:'_'O, 11:10 A. m.-
-12:48, 3:40, 5:10 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trinj
at 1:55 p. M. and (i:35 p. m.
BCNDAYS- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:11
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzca I'ark sams
schedule as above.
Leare .»„, Arrive
San Francisco. o"t 14. Ban Franclsca
WKK I SUN- ij-^atlon SDN- I Wik'
Days. I days. | "<stlnatlon. DAYa . | DaY3 .
7:30 am , 8.00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am 1
3:30 pm 9:30 am PeUiuma, 6:10 pm 10:'_'5 am
6:10 pm j 5:00 PM ! Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, i |
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am !
Healdxburg,
l.ytton, i
GeyaerTille, 1
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
• I 1-ieta.
! Hopland &
7:3o am | 8:00 am' Uklah. 7:35 6:29
7 :SO AM 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:Sspm
S :30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PM
7730 am i 8:00 AMI seba-tonoi 110:40 am 1 10:2 %am
3:30 15:00 I &eDaalOpo , I 6:10 pm| 6:22 PM
Stacks connect at Santa Rosa for .Mar» West
Springs: at Geyserville for Stcascgs Springs; at
C'loverdale for the Geysers; at Piela for Highland
Springs, Kelsey ville. Soda Bay and uakepor:; as
Hopland for Lalceport and Bartlett Spring.'*'; at.
ITklah for Vichy bprings, Saratoga SprhiKs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Itlverslde, Lierley's, Bock-
neil's, Sanhedrin Heights. Kullvil>, Boonevllle
tireenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City'
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUlets. Cahlo, Co-
velo, Laytonvillf. Harris, Scotia and Eureka. . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoel
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rata*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bntiainf.
A. W. FOSTER RX.RYAS,
J»re». and Gen. Manaiter. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic i @||g3F*k
Trains leave ani arrira «tlßp>^^&B^S
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
Xo Chicago *la A. & i> «ffKy*jti"£*4S=§£
Uirect Lino <s^^SP^bLs*
Ban Franci.co Ticket Office, 6*4 Market
Sea o°. n nile, le ' iuil <Hn s . Telephone f£il
THE m FRLYCISCO AMj~BII JOAQUU
VALLEY RAILWAY COimif.
F^rn J n A^ RY3I - 1837 ' """njer train.
S 7 n .o» v a v d ' ESS*! Northbound.
< ■-]} -*• •* Stockton 5-40 p vt
9:*9a.m Mercet... ...... s l" p £
11-0* m Fresno .....lllOp m
iorlntermedlatestationssee timetable
Connectinjr steamboats of the c N. & i" Co.
'cave Han Fran Isco ad sio-kt.n at 6 p m. daily
■OUST TAMALPAISr
Co : I Ral!? o l a 1 d. et with North PlMlla «
WEKK AYS- Leave S. F. 9:1-S a. m. 1-4% - ■
B tT W R^i D^s ln f- ArrlvB S. ■*• 3:25 p m 6:20 ?■ 2:
DAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11 :30 a. il i-?/:J
Beturnlng-Arrtve 5.F.1:18 p.m. 4:20 P.M. 7'4ip\t
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or M RIC
ki.iT,",?"- COOK '* !> O- V S. 621 Market it., 8. P
I UUI Y»Uey ana Mount Tuulwis BcwloS^i^;
RAILROAD " TRAVEL
ROt'IIIEBN l*A«:i>'lC CODIPA9T,
(PAUIFin HIBIKK.)
Irnln* Ifuif mill >»•-<> due to nrrlTe n(
MAN I'ItAX'ISVII
I.FAVK — ROM FKBRfAKY lE, 1897 — abrivk
*»»:O«a Kile*, San Jose ami \\ ay Stations... B:4.">a
7:OOa Atlantic Kxiiress, Ug'len and I'.ar.t.. S:*.l?
7:O«a Bonicia. VacajiUe, Itumsey. Sacra-
meuto. OroTille and Redding via
Daris 6:43*
7:SO,v Martinez, Sanßna Vallejo, Napa,
OaUctoga and Santa Rosa 6:15»
8::i«a Nlles, Kan Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacrameato. Marynville, Chico,
TeUaniaandUeaiiluir -«:l»p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:OOa ~Saw Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
Yosuniitc), l'resno, I'.akewfifl.L
Santa l!arliara, I.os Angeles, Dem-
in?, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:15p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton -1 : 1 •" «
9:OOa Valltjo 6:15p
Nilos, Ban J"dc, Livcrmore and
Stockton 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento lliver Steamers »»:OOp
l:OOp Nties, San Jose and Livermore »:43a
tl::!«p Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4:00p Martinez, San llamon, Valiejo, .
Xapa, Caltatoca, El Verano and
Santa 9>l3a
4:0 Op Beulcia, Vac«\-iUe, Woodland,
Kuights Landing, Maryßvilio, Oro-
rille and Sacramento 11:13 a
4:30p lAthrop, Stockton, Modesto. Mer-
ce<l and Fresno, goinc via Kiles, ' '•■•'*'■
returning Tia Martinez 11:43 a
0:00r Los Angeles Kxi>ress. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los t.j B .
Angeles /.45A
SiOOp Santa l'f .1 Joule. Atlautio press -
for MojaT* ami ICast ** :4SA
6:O«i- Knropenn Mail, Ogilan and last.... 9:43 a
C:OOi« HaywartU, Nilee anil San Jose T:43a
tT-.OOi- Valicjo +7:13-
-7:««r Oregon i:/.preBs,Sacr«inenlo. JMurys.
ville, Redding, Portland, Pnget
_.- __ Sound and Kast 11:10*
«ilO:O«p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Lo«
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans '
and Kast §18t4ap
. SAMA CIUIZ IHVIsjQS (Narrow tJauj;e).
•»I»A Newark.CcnterviUo.Siiii.Uscl'elton, -
liouldi-rCretrk.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations. SiSOr
•«:l»p Newark. Centerville, Kan Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, liouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and rriucipal Way ■
Stations ■ll:aOA
?.'■ Newark. San Jose and l.os (inlos ... 50\
HI: «•»!• Hunters' Kxcur»iou, San Jose and
Way Stations }T:2op
♦ PAST IMVlN>O.\~T7iird & lounseml Stwlj
«:45a San .lose ami Way Stations (New
a in v Alinailcn Wednesdays ouly) l; 30?
■:l»ASau Jose, Tie* lino*, S,,nt:i Crux.
Pacitic (?roTe, Paso llublos, San
Luis OMspo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way (Stations •■ 7-OOp
lO:4UA.San Joaaaui] Way .Stulions... ti:(IOp
1 I<3Ua Palo Alto and "Way Stations.. ..'.'.". 3:30"
•a.3orSan Mate... Menlo Park. Ban .Inge'
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Siiuta Cms,
• i •,.» a s » 1 ' . M e>-eynuai > .iciiicGroTe «lO:4©\
•3::i«rSan Joso mid Way Still ions .. &-43 v
•4s3oi- San Tescan.l W«iy Stations... " ■ *8:03 a
sfJ*' I* • ! "^'"tl*rii«ci|.al Way Statious »Bi43A
6:.JOp San Jose ami Way Stations «-'{s »
IH:l5i- Ban Jos» mid VTay Stations. "...l" yj,lsp
SAX i.KA.MHtO A.Mt HAYWARI» Local"
><U:OOa 1 ~~. ~ — <:IBA
io.oo\ Kelrose, Seminary Park. ?? S 13 A
it i -lift * " ■ s lija
2:-! or Flt'hbnnr^anLeaudro 1 ? ! 1? !>
4^Zl "d i 4:«p
-.;,„., Haiwards. 5»43p
X;.;!;! Hajwards. «:!•}*■
S-OOp • 8:4 5 1
wife \ &Sf h to Nil<a - y | „££>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
rroaSAS FRANCISCO-Foot of Market Street (SUp 8)'-
-*i-c§ »S S::; U:M - 2i0 ° t3:M
rromOAmSD-rootorßroidwaT.- « -00 8-00
♦• M a ■ »,, * Sundays only. .»
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROIi
(Via Saaiallto Ferry).
"■■■•a Vianctaoo, Commencing Sept 13, 189&
WISKOAT&
'"Mm V » I and San Kaiael— •Bun.
aareand Saturday s at 11:30 p. v. "»»•••
SUNDAYS.
'•'ii 1 ?, 1 ?? ValI «y M>d Ban Hafael-»8:00. •10-r*
•11:30 a. m.: »l:ao. 3:00, «4:SO 6-lßir it
train, marked • run to San Quentia. *.'
THROUGH TRAINS.CHUN SING DIES
AT SAN QUENTIN
Sullenly the Highbinder
Goes to Death on
the Gallows.
Refuses to Give Information
Concerning His Relatives
in China.
His Crime the Beheading of Two
Mongolian Women and a Man
in Mono County.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal.. Feb. 17.— A man
was executed at San Quentin prison to
day, but the event wns entirely lacking in
: the usual dramatic features or interest in
such ocrasion?. lie was Chun Sing, pre
sumably from China, though in appear
ance and characteristics he was more like
an islander or a Malay than a genuine
Celestin-1.
Very few persons felt interest enough to
attend the hanging, nuraberins not more
than thirty, and they mostly sheriffs or
connected officially with criminal law.
'■■■ The condemned has been an Ishmael in
/•■" prison. He was sullen and morose.
f j:V would not talk, and was as quiet and
' i/idifferent to his surroundings as a man
without environment. He would have
nothing to do with pries* or clergy, notb
ine to say to visitors or to his guards.
Chinese had asked him who his friends at
home were, that they might be informed
of his fate, but he would not answer.
Warden Hale being absent from the
prison the execution was conducted by
Captain Edg^r, who read the death war
rant to the condemned man in his cell at
9 o'clock this morning. He was then
dres«ed for the scaffold and marched to it
nt 10:30 o'clock. On arriving at the trap,
thouch his step was firm, he, after placing
one foot on it, sopped. Theguard behind
him placed the other foot on for him, the
noose was instantly adjusted, the trap fell
and that was all. Just as he reached the
scaffold he made an ejaculation, indistinct,
hut he appeared to be thanking the guards
for their kindness to him. He died with
out a struggle, his neck having been
broken. He fell at 10:31 and at 10:47 was
pronounced Head and the body was re
moved. Dr. V. S. Stern was the atter.d
iDg physician. The same nameless guards
who always officiate managed the dis
agreeable job.
Th< murders for which Chun Ping was
hanced were committed in October, 1895,
and were the result of. a tong quarrel be
tween him and several members of a rival
empany. Among the good Chinamen of
Lundy, whicli is a canyon mining camp
on the other side of the Sierras, across
Irom the Yosemite Valley, was Ah Foot:.
He was one of the men against whom
Chun Sing nursed an enmity. Sing, after
deciding to settle their troubles, armed
himself with an ax and went to Ah Fook's
house. He attacked Fook at once and cut
him badly, but did not kill him. Ah
Fook's wife ran screaming from the
bouse, but was overtaken in her flight by
the murderer, who brained her with his
ax, Chun Sing then went to the house of
a Chinaman named Cbarley Tai, whose
head he cut off with the ax. Another
Chinese woman, who ran from Tai's
house, was followed by the murderer and
lie chopped her into a horrible mass with
his gory weapon. He was sentenced to
death last December and the execution
; lace without an appeal to the Su
preme Court.
FACTOKI FOR BAXTA. ROSA.
Woolen-Mill to lie Under Operation
Hithin Three Month*.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 17.— Santa
'Rosa is to have a woolen-mill in active
operation by May 1. It will be capable of
turning out hundreds of pairs of blankets
tacri day and will employ dozens of hands.
A .representative of a big woolen-manufac
turing concern of Oregon waff-in this city
to-day, and after looking at the substan
tial bri< k null buildings of the old Santa
Rosa Woolen-mills, closed a deal for the
■pJant at once and a force of men was
.ordered to begin work on the machinery
to-'ni.-ht. Tins is the best news that has
reached this section for several years and
will give to Santa Rosa her share of the
loiig-looked-for wave of prosperity.
♦
3!ore Troiibl* for Santa Itoin.
.". .SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 17.— This
long-sufferinc city is to have more litiga
tion over i he water bonds question. This
time it is Seligman & Co. of New York,
■fao are suing the city for $10,395, the
amount due upon the third installment of
bonds issued to pay for the municipal
water works. The action is commenced
'in' the United States court and a Deputy
-.Marshal served the summons and com
plaint here to-aay. The latter consists of
'JOOO typewritten pages, is almost a foot in
thickness and weighs lourtcen pounds.
d ?
B. linrriean Jirrj for liritmh Columbia.
•^.VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 17— W. A.
' it clntosh of this city, who is largely inter
est d in stockraisinp up-country, states in
in interview that the result in British
Columbia of the removal of quarantine
•will be the importing of large quantities of
American beef. The price of meat to the
consumer will fall perhaps 1 cent per
pound, while it will of course injuriously
affect cattle-raising in British Columbia.
Tl;e ordinary stot k-r.-ii-'-r will he compelled
."to reduce the grade of the stock, spending
less in wages, fodder and care, but the
.bigger men will hold their own by raising
liii mb»r one trade stock and obtaining
thus the highest price in the rrarket.
■ •-
. Jtarln'a lei'plinnr. SyUtn Improved.
SAUSALITO, Cal.. Feb. 17.— Tbe teie
phone company i» making great changes
in its system in Marin County and men
liave been put at work erectine new and
larger poles and stringing new copper
wires. The laying of the cable between
Lime Point ana San Francisco, which was
comr>leied some time a. o, is the cause of
the change. Formerly it was necessary to
• make connections with the metropolis by
•way of i'etalunia, and this rounc-abiut
way caused no end of inconvenience. The
• improving of the telephone system from
• !-ausaiito to San Raiaei will be continued
'to Pet alum a.
»
Chang* in Sawtalitn J-'irrj Ttme.
. SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Beginning
.j|ith the 20th inst. the North Pacific Coast
'»>ad will for a few days withdraw the
Sausalito and discontinue the
trips terminating in San Francisco at 7:45
a% m. .-.nd starting from San Francisco at
5:45 r. m. The t-ausulito ia to be repaired.
f'retno ' our.tu 1-cnnomt/.
. FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 17.— The Repub
lican members of the Board of Super
visors are establishing a record for econ
omy in county expenses. They consti
tute a minority of the board, but the
Populist member, in order to be consis
tent, ha* to vote for the motions they
create. Yesterday one of the deputies in
the Di«tnct Attorney's office, whose salary
was $125 a montu, was dropped. Througii
the Republicans of the board the salary of
all county employes that can be con
trolled have been cut down materially.
BONNER LECTURES AT STANFORD.
Relates Anecdotes Concerning Great Men
Whom He Has Met During Hia
Career in Journalism.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
17.— John Bonner of San Francisco deliv
ered a lecture in the chapel last evening
under the auspices of the Staniord Pre^s
Club. Ho spoke of bis work in journal
i-m and the historic person»g«s with
whm he came in contact while connected
with various papers. He described sev
erai episodes in the lives of Abraham Lin
coln and his wife, Vanderbilt, Jay Gould,
Tilden, General Scott, Burislde. James
Gordon Be nnett and Horace Greeley.
In speaking of the ia9t two he said Ben
nett was eminently successful as a news
paper man. While he did not believe
Bennett ever accepted a dollar that did
not belong to him, his principles sat
lightly upon his shoulders. He put into
his paper not what he thought was best,
but what the public wanted. He did not
care, personally, whether there was free
dom or slavery.
Horace Greeley was an entirely different
man. He was always governed by what
he thought was rijibt. This he printed,
whether the public lik«-d it or not. _ lie
had more friends than Bennett. When
the Democrats were looking around for a
suitable Presidential nominee their eyes
lell upon him. He was foolish enough to
believe that lie was born to be President
of the United States. Gree;ey was mis
taken and defeat killed him.
During the evening Mr. Bonner "poked
a little fun" at J)r. Jordan, who presided.
The worthy head of the Stanford faculty
smiled good-naturedly|witli the audience.
He managed to even up scores in a lecture
this morning, wl.ich Jlr. Bonner and a
party of j'oung ladies attended. During
the lecture, Dr. Jordan pleasantly re erred
to John Bonner and hiru-elf as "pieres of
antiquated crockery." The former, wlio is
proud of the fact that he is a general
favorite witn the ladies, arose, and with
mock seriousness, refused to be classed as
"an old piece of crockery" before so many
charming young women.
Dr, Jorditi waited an instant until the
laughter aud murmur of applause ceased.
Then, wit eyes twinkling, he assured the
journalist that the most beautiful unrt
cultured young ladies often prized
antiquated chine and crockery most of all.
Mr. Bonner bowed his acknowledgment,
and the lecture proceeded.
GENERAL PLEAS ANTON DEAD.
The Famous Cavalry Leader Distinguished
Himself in Both the Mexican and
Civil Wars.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.-Gen
eral Alfred Pieasanton, the famous cav
alry leader, died in this city early this
morning.
Alfred Pleasnnton was born in Wash
ington, D. C, June 7, 18J4, and was grad
uated at West Point twenty year.* later.
He distinguishpd himself in the battles of
Palo Alto nnd Kesaca de la Pal ma in the
Mexican War, and subsequently in frontier
The Late Major-General Alfred
P.'easanton.
doty, and steadily rose in rank until at
the outbreak of the war in 1861 he was
commissioned major of the Second
Cavalry.
He served throngb the Virginia penin
sula campaign, becoming brigadier-gen
eral of volunteers, and commanded thn
cavalry division of the nrmy that followed
Lee into Maryland. He participated in
tue actions at Boonesborouch, South
Mountain and Antietam and Fredericks
burg, and stayed the further advance of
the army at Chancellorsville.
On May 2, when Johnson's corps was
coming down on the right flank of Hook
er's army, having already routed How
ard's corps, Pleaianton saved the day. By
a bold charge he delayed Jackson's pro
gress lon;> enou^ti to <:et the artillery into
lilac;-, and wiien the Confederate column
came within range it was met With a
storm of izrape and canister that could not
be withstood. Just about this t.me Jack
son fell and darkness put an end to the
battle.
In June, 18G3. he was made major-pren
eral of volunteers. He was in many of
the engagements preceding the oat'le of
Gettysburg and was commander-in-chief
of t lie cavalry i*i that action.
In 18C4 be was transferred *o Missouri
and droro the army of General Price our
of thai Stale. Iv 18GT> ne was breveted
mnjor-sjeneraj in the United States army
for zall&titry during the war, but resigned
in 18C8 ana pntered into business.
h\ 1888 he was placed on the retired list
of tbe army with the rank of colonel.
&Z2iltr.>lH:tiS 1* SACRAMENTO.
Demented Man Confn»ne» to a Murder
Commuted in Indiana,
SACRAMENTO, r A L., Feb. 17.— About
b week ago a man calling himself E. B.
K>nt walked into the Sheriff's office and
surrendered himself, stating that he De
lieved he had committed a murder in
Indiana in 1804. He requested that fcherff
Johnson communicate with the authorities
at Centerton, Indiana. Tue Sheriff div as
requested, with the result a tele ram wus
received tc-d.iy paving that Kent was
wanted for the murder of Noah King.
Kent, who is evidently demented, states
thr«t the crime was committed on Novem
ber 5, 1894, on a farm near Centertot., ln>l.
Both men were intoxicated, and whiie
quarreling Kent stat>bed Kinp; with a
airk ana fiVd, not knowing whether he
had killed King or not.
Death it tKintn » r«/».
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Feb. 17.— Captain
Alfonso B. Perry (lied at the residence of
his sister, Mrs. P. B. Fagan, to-day.
Captain Perry had sailed to nearly all she
ports of the world, and had made Santa
Crnz his ?hore-bonie since his youth. He
was 51 yeara of ace.
IHffr.tr I m-ti it I ilak«rsfl*ld.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. 17.— The
charge of murder against Ed Willow for
the killing of Perc/ D»nglas was dis
missed to-day by Justice Fox.
Mm*. MttdJmtkm'M Improvement.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 17.— Mme.
Modjeska bad no (ever to-day, her pulse
beating very regularly. A number of vis
itors called.
mm*
Removal— Dr. 8- \V. Dennis, dentist, has re
move from 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 825-855 Market, over Emporium. ■ • '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
THE SHELL MOUND
WENT TO CASPAR
Burns and Water-house's
Colt Won in a
Canter.
At Odds On, Schiller Only Eeat
Morte Fonse in a Hard
Drive.
Favorites Swept the Card, Taking
All Six Events— Hermcso a
Promising Young Star.
Outside of the sweeping of the deck by
the nix favoritea at Emeryville track yes
terday, the special attraction of the day's
racing was the capture of the Shell
Mound handicap at seven furlongs by
Camper, the Burns & Waternouse entry.
The colt looked very pleasantly situ
ated with 115 pounds on his back, and
with Scarf Pin scratched on accoant of
her impost, he was a pronounced 3 to 5
favorite in the betunz. Away well, be
led throughout, winning; easily from Tor
pedo, a 20 to 1 shot. The rank outsider,
Kuselle, against which as high as 300 to 1
was laid, finished in the show. The Rose
stable. Tea Roe and Hannetta, second
choices in the betting coupled, finished
back in the ruck, evidently through, poor
stable orders.
The attendance was about the best of
the week, and some lively wagering was
indulged in by the crowd. The track was
muddy, which was evidently to the liking
of the favored ones in the betting, for one
a fter another they led their fields first past
the judges, and the talent left for home
with "all colors."
In the match race over two miles be
tween Morte Fonse and Schiller th«
crowd came v cry nearly being treated to a
surprise. Both horses were carrying equal
weights (106 pounds), and Barney Schrei
ber's colt was dished up as the hottest
sort of a 3 to 10 favorite, with 13 to £
aeainst Morte Fonse. Slaughter on th<
favorite cut out the pace for one and aquar
ter miles, when Thorpe sent the Fonse
horse along, and it took the hardest sort
of riding on Slaughter's part to win bj
a head. The first mile was covered in
1:5 5}.,', the whole distance in 3:44%.
Slaughter famished a fumbling exhibi
tion astride the winner.
Hermoso, a handsome looking chestnut
colt by Sir Modred from F.delity, was
backed to a standstill by Dave Gideon and
all the wne ones, going to the post a 2 to 1
favorite over the other ten two-year-olds
in the opening three and a half furlong
scramble. The youngster beat the barrier,
and leading the buncii into the stretch by
ten or fifteen lencths won easing ud from
Koxey Murphy in 45 seconds. Rosa,
owned by Tom Kiley, was a close third.
A fair field went to the post in the next
event, a six furlong pur>e affair, of which
Arrezzo and The Sinner looked to have the
most ciass. The stable money went in on
Arrezzo, sending him to the post a slight
favorite over Mr. ll. inn's gelding. Most
of the others went back in the betting.
After some delay at the post, caused by
the unruly actions of the favorite, the
field was sent away well bunched. Tbe
s:nner led to the stretch, where he began
stopping badly and washeaded by Atrezzo
and L 'St Girl, the former winning handily
by three parts of a length in 1:19^. In a
hard drive Nine N.nety Nine secured the
show.
A mile selling dash that was fourth on
the card went to the 6 to 5 choice, Moylan,
ridden by Tod Sloan. Two Cheers and
Walter J led the bunch until passing the
lar turn, when the favorite forged lo the
front, and at the wire won handily by
over a length in 1:47^. The hot tip
Tbornbill was second, iv front of Two
Cheers.
Ed Corrigan's juniper, Reddington,
proved the best of tt;e jumpers in the hur
dle handicap at one mile and three-eighths.
He was a consistent 4 to 5 favorite in the
betting and downed Hello without notiee
nble effort, doing the distance in 2:42.
Zara.-ozi was a distant third, with the
others strung out in processional order.
NO iES.
Owing to the inconsistent running of the
jumper Gold Dust the judges decided at
tbe conclusion of the hurdle event to rule
out his entry in future.
Following are to-days entries:
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
613 Cadenza 107 293 Iron Jacket 104
664 J;ourbou 101 ■ 654 Irma. 110
n:,4 Monitor. 109 669 Zool«-ln 116
536 Play Boy 92 631 Lena..... 95
5">4 Horsey US 506 Kdermount... lU9
687 Monterey 115 523 l-«-cksiitff 115
JesHi-- 0 9i> 619 Banjo 112
654 Red Will 115
Second race, seven-sixteenths of a mile, .two
year-olds.
.... Sierra Blanco.. 108 (Bll)Slr William ...115
642 FallenPnocens.lo3 560 On Gua Nita....li>B
542 Irritator 106 579 I3eslemona ....108
(&42)BrnySchreiber.lO8 .... school M ann ..108
.... Approbation. ...l] 1| 680 OldJa«k 98
541 Morltiia 115 -19 JJutte York 11.. 11 l
Third race, seven-eighths of a mile, parse.
648 Wooticnopper..ll7 656 Mahogany 114
555 Rlenzl 10a 623 Umax I) 107
(659)Thre<! Forks 114 663 Foudronner....ll7
635 FranK Juuber.,.lo9 539 Atttcus 97
Fourth race, telling, one and a sixteenth miles.
653 Chartreuse il.. 99! 548 Pollock. .. . 97
-.',;» Ik* L 100](5.<U)BRbe Murphy . I*9
(55^)Dayl!«ht.. 100 646 franco 97
050 • t Aijcnon 104 (»:'B)K*aOi*nn... .105
663 Two Ih«-»i8 97 5i3 Juan Bernario. 97
65t> Tar and Tartar. 97 j
Fifth race, selling, ven-»lxteeut of a mile.
626 Peril 110 .... Malnmny... 115
620 Chappie- 100 364 Mhleirt Bearer.. 1 15
48i D. J. robin 97 565 1 zeklet 100
(57)Somro 97 1 640 Pa -Murphy.... 112
496 Hoy Carroths..:oy 431 Blue Belt . 110
635 l.ncino IIS 6«l Nine- N lne ty
-6SB Snowdown 119 Nine 100
373 Aplo 06| 404 Abl P.... HO
sixth race, sel.ing, tnree-quart«» of a mile. '
328 Trappean 104: 649 Applause 105
(548)Marjorie 105 44:1 Doubtful 105
5-8 I.«i( Chance. ..lol ' 498 Boreas 104
621 Ckbrlllo 113 (s">4)il*artfrase 102
630 Joan .....102 987 La Flecha 99
4.0 Howard 107 M 3 Isabel <c
632 HicarJo 104 640 Fly 103
•
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
First race — Monitor, L'dgemonot,
Kanjo.
Second race— Duke of York, Sir Wil
liam, Barney Schrfeber.
Third Kionzl, Frank Jaabert,
Thrae Fork*. '
Fourth race— Murphy, Glenn,
Daylight.
Fifth race— shield Bearer, Mainstay,
Pat Murphy.
Sixth race— Applaud**, Fly, Cabrlllo.
League of the Cross Rally. '
The St. Mary's Cathedral branch of the
League of the Cross will hold a rally at Sara
toga Hail, 814 street, to-morrow even
ing. The exercises will bo given under the
auspices of Company A, Leaguo ot the Cros*
Cadet*. A fine programme has been arranged
for the evcut, incluJing an address by Rev.
Philip O'Ryan, spiritual director of thelengue.
Thomas li." Fnlloii, chairmen of the rxecuilve
c mmiuee of the leneue, will preside. An es
say content, the subject being "What Drunk
enness costs," will tnke place, the contestants
being three members of Company A. The
glee club of the latter organization will be
ne«rd in several popular elections. The ex
ercines will commence at 8 o'clock sharp, and
all the friends and members of the organiza
tion are requested to attend.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
(-•ALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. OoklanJ Racetrack. Wednesday. February 17. Fortyelghth
day of the W»nter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather c'oudy. Track sticky.
sf)o lrlitbl ' -BACJB— Seven-sixteenths of a mile ; two-year-olds: puna * 300.
t;t*l biiCONU HACK— Three-quarters of a mile: selling; three-year-olds; purse 4350.
sfi2 THIiID KA *- E ~" Twomlles: match race; purse $S JO.
DfiS FOUKTH KACE-One mile; selling: four-year olds and upward: purse »4oo.
S^CiA •*"J*"TH KACK— The Shell Mound Handicap; seven-eighths of a mile; purse *1009.
| Z\C\Z. SIXTH RACE— One and three-eighths miles; hurdle; handicap; purse $400.
EUREKA DAMAGE SUITS.
Four Additional Actions Resulting From
the Mad River Bridge
Disaster.
EUREKA, Cal., Feb. 17.— As an after
math of the accident on the Arcata and
Mad River Railroad last September four
suits were begun yesterday for the aggre
gate sum of $100,000. The largest of these
is that of Mrs. Minnie Wood, who sues for
$45,265 for injuries received. Mrs. Wood
suffered several fractures, the worst being
that of the pelvis bone, which was crushed
almost beyond the power of physicians to
give relief. Only recently has she been
able to leave her house, although the acci
dent occurred five months ago.
The second largest suit is that of David !
Wood, husband of Minnie Wood. His in- i
juries were confined to the bead, lie has
almost lost sicht of one eye, and his other
injuries incapacitate him from earning a
livelihood. He asks for $25,300. Mr. and
Mrs. Wood suffered the 10.-s of their two |
little daughter*. Clarisa and Sophie, in
the accident. For this they as* $20,000. i
In addition to these suits Mr. and Mrs. |
Wood bring suit for $10,000 because
through the injury to Mrs. Wood sne will
in future be unable to bear children.
»
HA VSAL ITV FHOX 1 ii A lEI MtJSSIXG I
Miscreant Ilothoring the Arißloernlie
People on the Hill.
BAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Just at
present an investigation is bcin<; made to
discover if possible the miscreant who is
playing havoc with front gates in Sausa
lito. The town has a night watchman
and any number cf deputies, besides Mar
shal Creed, who rules with a rod of iron.
Creed keeps patrol all day, but says that
he cannot be on guard both day and
night, and so the miscreant noes free.
One night last week Commodore Hurri- ,
son's fancy gate disappeared and then
Colonel Burrowe's hallowed. Both were
found and restored to their places, but
others were not so fortunate ami a num
ber of gates have disappeared entirely.
SniitJirrn J'nC-ftc Bu*a at 1 rts-xn.
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 17 —Mar/ A. Free
land has begun suit in the Superior Court
aciinst the Southern Pacific Kailroad
Company ior $25,000 damages. She alleges
that on July 16, 1806, owing to the care
lessness of the defendant, one of its trains
ran down her husband at Selma, this
county. Inflicting injuries which resulted
fatally.
Itan Rrtfarl Lrcturr Pottnoned.
BAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 17.— The lec
tarc to Lave been given here on Thursday
evening by Rev. Father Yorke of Ban
Francisco has been postponed because of
the illness of that gentleman. Much re
gret is expressed here.
NEW TO-DAT.
J|~~~~~ DYSPEPSIA!
yv^^fen -^T\s*sJs \A/ HEN A MAN'S STOMACH rebels
* MVfiv^iA /I T*~f against his iood, no matter what the
X /| [ W \*B Q \Tn cause, it is time for him to look seriously to
Uco^ln P^^Vi/l V^f \ his health. Nervous dyspepsia is Lroiuht on
r^k' f'C'^M t^ I by a varie'y of causes. Ten minute lunches,
' M' ' " "/■ £ using tobacco too freely, violent exercise after
/-^r^rwi^*^- eating, overloading tne stomach, the persistent
V 1 '^/slp^i eating of some article of food that disagrees
V >J^a6&i?>»^ with you, and a thousand other things brine
TjtS/j,.--"! 'k y\p}^3 on a weakened and irritated condition of the
^i»»*»— \SjJ| S \\L-*^4 stomach that is usually aggravated by drugs.
' S if \\\ Then follow biliousness, torpid liver, nervous-
% 1 \) \\ ness, wasting of flesh, constipation and gen- j
• cral debility. The whole digestive tract be- i
comes weakened and irritated. After going through the usual roun l of tonics, laxatives,
stimulants and dieting the patient finds that bis mind rests upon his trouble. He grows mel-
ancholy hnd restless. His nerves weaken an.l ho becomes irritable. He is never in good
health. Nothing pleases him. It is well for a man in this condition to lor.k seriously to his
health. He needs the toni and invigorating effects of electricity, which v.ill build up and
strengthen his rtigestiou and which leuves no reaction. m^tMmgg^m
Dr. Sanden's Electric Beit is the best and most convenient method of using Electricity in
such cases. It never fails to give immediate relief. It has cured thousand?.
HERE IS A LATE CURE:
FnUITVALK. Cal., rebruary 16, 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDKN— Dear Sir: When I bouß'U your Belt I was suffering greatly from dyspep-
sia. Now I can e*t as hearty as I ever could and am ab:e to do a hard day's wurit. I have also culm* 1
In weight, from ISO to 167 pouids, and am feeling Hne. Mv father got one of your belt*. and also my
brother, and they are both well satisfied with them. 1 shall always recommend your belt, It is a
grand tb lng for dyspepsia. Yours In health, . " \V. 11. TAYLOK.
Arc you a dyspeptic? Then get Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt and be cured.
If you are in doubt, read Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men." It is free, sealed, by
mail. A personal call may save you years of misery. '-; ■; •
If you cannot call, send for the book, with full particulars, free. Call or address
SAKTUBW BIiBOTIIIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sundays, 1O to I. Loi Angelas Office 204 South Broad-
way : Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
, Mil!..— no mistake in the number— 633 Market street.
FOR ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
Great Preparations Being Made
ior the March 17 Cele
bration.
Exercises in the Pavil on and Metre*
politan Temple — Excursions From
Other Cities-
Great preparations are being made for
the celebration of tit. Patrick's day, March
17, and, judging from the tirst efforts of
the committee in charge of the affair, it
will be equal if not superior to any that
has taken place in the past in this City.
The general committee, consisting of one
delegate irom each of the Irish-American
societies, met last evening at Knights ot
the Red Branch Hall. Jerome Deasy pre
sided and C. B. Flanaagaa clliciated as
secretary.
The first matter decided was that in the
afternoon of March 17 the literary exer
cises would be held in Metropolitan Hal!,
and that in the evening a grand prome
nade concert will be held in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion. At the hall the exercises
will consist of an oration by the orator of
the day. A poem will be read or recited.
Whether it will be an original poem or not
has been left in the hands of the literary
committee. The other features of the alt
ernoon will be songs, recitations, etc.
The exercises at the Pavilion in the
evening will be carried out on a grand
scale. It was decided to encage Alfred
Roncovieri's band of union musicians, to
consist of at least thirty pieces. The band
will render music that is to be illustrated
by a large number of elegant stereopticon
views thrown upon a huge cauvas in the
rear of the building in full sight of all.
In fact, it will be a promenade concert, in
terspersed with taking features, such as
chomsp-, quartets and novelties, not yet
decided upon. The sentiment of the com
mittee was that no pains or money should
be spared to furnisu the audiencu with a
splpniid entertainment.
After considerable discussion tho ad
mission fees were declared to be as fol
low*: Tot c exercises in the afternoon in
the hall: Alults, 50 cents; children. 25
cents. To f:e Pavilion in the evening.
25 cents for all.
Chairman Dea?y was selected to ananpe
for an icecream and refreshment-stand for
the evening, but it was distinctly directed
that no wines, liquors or Deer should bo
sold or served.
The literary committee was enlarged by
the addition of David Costello. G. E.
Gallajrher, Thomas Crowley and FrauK
Conklin. A press committee was formed,
consisting of D. Costello, C. B. Flannagan
and Dr. I. W. O'Rourke. A printiugcom
mittee was also appointed, consisting of
M. J. Connolly. William Mnlvin, P. H.
Flynn, Dr. ORourke nna J. P. Disnan.
Secretary Fiannagan reported that the
several railroad officials had promised the
committee a reduction in the rates of
lares from the adjoining larsre cities. For
small parties a one and a half rate will be
charged for round-trip tickets, and for
large excursions half rates will be allowed.
All tickets will hold good until the follow
ing evening, so that the excursionists may
attend the exercises in the Pavilion.
LADIES AT THE CLUB,
The Olympic Boyt* Great Kr.tertaln-
m out to Their Friends.
The popularity of "ladies' night" at the
Olympic (Jlub can grow no greater unless
that institution enlarges its sumptuous
quarters or inflicts heart sores on people
and friends they can invite but cannot ac
commodate.
Last night scores of people, ladles and
gentlemen in the best circles of society, ar
rived as guests at the clubrooms and re
tired In a mood that was antagonistic to
the host.
The club M»ople were simply crowded
out and could do nothing for their guests
on account of their numbers. The stage,
the gallery, the main floor, the back recep
NEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
/ THE BEST $io
Made=to=Order
Suit in America.
The Suits we are making
rjC*|^g^^^[^«-^ to order, for $io can not be
\^JW duplicated by any tailor for
HI r~fi^ plk And these Suits are not
111 ft?t|sli M thrown together either; they
1-B J&jii 881 are tailored by men who
know their business ; well
||# I >|\ IB lined and guaranteed to fit
8 m I>A WS A great variety of styles
Ma ?L^ ' &s^k I Wlr °^" c^ o^ 1 ' every piece guar-
dd jK. *±fi/^W anteed pure wool, to select
Ttj I, 4 To show our confidence in
\J/\ I A it the clothes we make, we keep
every suit in repair one year
free of all charge. You're
welcome to look through our
stock any time.
Don't be deceived by our
imitators. Look for the
name S. N. WOOD & CO.
We have positively but two
stores as given below.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
T^VO STORES:
541 CORNER
MARKET STREET POWELL AND EDDY
n^^^^^^^^ The bright bloom of
health— the "fast-col-
» *C<* ILi 1 ' ' Li iC laoL^CU i^
or" complexion that we all admire— can't be
imitated successfully. It can't be achieved with-
out good digestion. The daintiest cosmetic on
earth cannot rival Ripans Tabules as a complex-
ion maker. They sweeten the stomach, promote
sound digestion, and regulate the bowels. When
all these functions are in good working order the
blood is purified and nourished, and shows
glowing and brilliant in the cheek.
RIPANS Tabules.
DR, MARTIN'S GREAT PAIN CIMR
THE HCE
!S A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen-
tery, Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria. Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervons Complaints, Liver ana Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Barns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramp 3, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchinjrs and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PPJCE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Josa, Cal.
TOT Ml* by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redin^ton & Co., Mack & Co. and
Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. ,
tion rooms, everything was crowded to
and the fortunate ones who
arrived early witnessed an entertainment
unequaied by any professionals in this
City.
A burlesqu? on Gilbert and Sullivan's
; comii 1 opera v. - as remiere'i under '.he title
of "Mikadolettea." Tue L>ast was strictly
restricted to amateurs belonging to the
cluo, Billy Hynes and Bob Mitchell «s
--j suimng the two male roles.
The other performers were A. Rosbor*
ouch. B. Tarbox, William Finnic, Jack
Cathcan, Putty Jackson, H. T. Kreling,
C. Cathcart.
The musical and athl-Mic programme
was as foliows: Trio, Mohr brothers; Jap
anese polf-climbing, A. Cooper; single
trapeze, W. iloa_'; Pins Yang Band,
Thornton, Slocura, Burns and L*wis;solo,
"Sweet Rosy O'Grafiy." by A. Sugden.
Embezzlement Charged.
Charles Harris, the ex-stockbroker who was
indicted by the Grand Jury Tv sday on a
charge oi cmb zzlement upon iniormatiou
furnished by Mrs. M. H. Barkley of 1312?£
Eilis street, was arrested yesterday on a Supe
rior Couri warrant. Ho was immediately re
leased on $3000 bonds.
Divorce Suits Ucfjtm
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
F. J. Boselly acainst Flora Boselly, for deser
tion; Rutn G. Maxwell against David L. Max
well, for cruelty.
56
CHARLES M. SKORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
—
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, otic year, by mail ... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Daily end Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .63
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
\> U.X.LY Call, one year, by mall 1-M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
Kan Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay btreet.
Tf!epL»B« Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
GIB I ark In street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntil 9 o'clock.
2513 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
67 Ninth streit ; open until 9 o'clock.
1205 Folk street: open mall 8:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
BUS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.ooma si and 32, 3-4 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
1 lit X DAY FEBRUARY 18. 1387
TOE FAKE AND THE FACT.
THE FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
lop of its title page th* following fa*e:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake tho Examiner
was protabiy not aware that a careful record was
being kept of th- actual amouui in Inch's Of Us
advertising and that in consequence It could be
confrouted with the following fact.
THE PACT
THE EXAMINER FUELISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1396.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J896.
It Is to be remembered that daring 1898 the.
Examiner published api roximu;e!y 830 fucnes of
:.:e>al lolt-ry advertisements, of waich The Call
did not and would not pabllsu one.
ihe mot.arc-i of thf faicerj has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of inches of adver-
tising during the past year by (lupin ■ a id deceiv-
ing advertisers through Islseaiid arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants a3 a rnle have not been misled by Its
fraudulent p-etenses.
Ihe Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it inspect Its own
looks before it venture] uo_>n the publication of
another fate.
Wo congratulate the public on the fact that the
cxresure of this fake led the Examiner to drop It.
In ttils the Examiner was discreet, and If It U Ms»
It will make no more such bold attempts to
. orflVM the pubic.
The Cuban committee is strong.
If there is anything that can baste Tur
key it is Greece.
Chanuler's speech for bimetallism was a
good warning for the goldbues.
Up in Oregon they care no more for a
Senator than for any old thing.
San Franci«co can now wort as effectu
ally as her sister cities for free Cuba.
Work for the unemployed is a request
that should be responded to quickly.
It really seems more troub'e in Europe
to avo:d a war than it would be to fight it
out.
McKinley has had a rest for a day or
two, but he had to take the influenza to
get it.
There is evidently a Greek fire in the
Pan-Hellenic spirit which cannot be ex
tinguished.
Cloverdale is in full bloom and San
Diego is petting ready. The carnival days
are approaching.
The Greeks having occupied Crete are
in a good position to arbitrate and leave
the thing to diplomacy.
Surely the big world is strong and wise
enough to see justice done to two little
islands like Crete and Cuba.
As Victoria has ordered a new steam
yacht ii is evident she still feels sporty
enough to hold the throne down.
There is still some opposition in the
country to an extra session, but it is
hardly audible and cannot be felt.
In the Cretan quarrel, as well as in that
of Armenia, the Sultan is In a position to
let the other fellows do all the worrying.
General Weyler has made very good uee
of his typewriter and telegraph, but if he
wishes to keep up with the times he must
get a cartoonist.
The University of California is about to
enter upon a new era in its history, and
in a few year* we will not have to brag
about it, for the world will know it.
In a community where there is so much
wealth and so murh work that needs to
be done it ought not to be difficult to pro
vide profitable employment for all who
want it.
' Ouida" has risen to protest against the
immigration bill and declares that Italians
who cannot read are better than those
who can; but ttien ''Ouida'' is always
sensational.
Ct'Cil Rhodes admits he had no right to
place Jameson with an armed force on the
borders of the Transvaal, but he implied
that if he did wrong he was proud of it
and intends some day to do it again.
THE PAN-HELLENIC SPIRIT.
Because the people of Crete have of late suffered no great indignities from Turkish
rule there is a tendency on the part of some Americans to hold them guilty of an nn«
justifiable war in their present insurrection against the Turkish power. Some critics
claim to see in the outbreak evidence of a conspiracy on the part either of Russia or
of Great Britain to force the Turkish question to a setUement by the outbreak of a
war, while others argue that diplomatists outside the countries named have been
instrumental in getting up the agitation as a bold play to force the hands of both
Russia and Great Britain and compel them to take action.
There is no sufficient reason on which to base any of these assertions of secret
conspiracies and diplomatic intrigues. The people of Crete have for more tnan a gen
eration past shown an earnest desire to be rid of Turkish rule and to be united in one
nation with their fellow Greeks of the mainland. This spirit of race patriotism is suf
ficient to account for all that baa taken place in the island. Men who are devoted to
liberty an«i to tho idea of a great nationality need no conspirators from the outside to
urge them on. They are ever ready and willing to seize every opportunity which
promises success to their arms and the accomplishment of their patriotic dream*.
Th* inhabitants of the Greek islands n^w under Turkish rule are as eaeer for a
united Greek nation as were the Germans to form a nation in the old days when Ger
many was simply a geographical expression. Theirs is the same impulse which
moved the Italians to incessant insurrections until a united Italy was established.
They are animated by the same motive which inspired the patriots of the?e colonies
to revolt against tho Government of King George in order to erect a free, separate,
sovereign and independent Government of their own.
The grievances of which the Cretes complain under Turkish rnle are of a kind
that are sometimes derided as sentimental. It is conceded that Crete has been by far
the most leniently governed province of the Turkish empire. No great atrocities have
been inflicted upon the people of that country as upon those of Armenia. They have
been allowed a large liberty of self-government and their property and their lives have
been oecure from any outbreak of Moslem misrule or fanaticism. To those men who
see no cause for war except when wrong is done to person or property the Cretan
patriot? appear as will.'ul and lawless disturbers of the peace of Europe. Fortunately
this class of men are few. The great majority of mankind shares in sentiments of
patriotism and sympathizes with all who revolt against any form of domination by an
alien race or a foreign power no matter how lenient it may b3.
It is the old issue of the eternal battle for liberty ana independence against even
the most benevolent despotism or the most trivial injustice. As Hampden said of his
revolt against the imposition of ship money by Charles I: "It was not that the pay
ment of twenty shillings would ruin his estate, but that the payment of half twenty
shiilings woula have made him a slave." Our forefathers in 1770 fcught not against
tne money payments involved in the stamp tax. but against the principle of taxation
without representation. These questions of principle affect every people who are
capable of understanding liberty and lnw and tho«e who are unwilling to fight for
such principles are incapable of establishing a self-governing nation.
The uprising in Crete is in the fullest ond truest sense a patriotic outbreak. It is
an evidence of the power of that Fan-Helienic spirit which will sooner or later bring
all the Greeks together in one nation as surely as a similar spirit among the Italians
and the Germans has made those countries great and powerful nations. These popu
lar movements are mightier than the plans of statesmen or the intrigues of diploma
tists. It is as impossible to crush them as it is impossible to exterminate a race. In
deed the one cannot be achieved without the other. So long as ihe GreeK race lives in
( rete so long will it cherish Greek aspirations, and until those asp-rations have been
gloriously realizad tho peace of the world will be disordered and disturbed.
AN EXTRAORDINARY BILL
Among the mm r measures submitted
to 'he Legislature which are of a nature
sufficiently extraordinary to provoke more
than ordinary comment is Spnatp bill 28
which proposes the appointment in this
City of an official to be known as "Special
ist in Sociological E luc.ition."
The proposed official is to be appointed
in art}- city or county wtiere the clailv at
tendance at schools exceeds 25,000 or
where the inmates of prisons, reforma
tories, almshousss and hospitals exceed
1000. He is to receive the same pay as the
Superintendent of Schools in the county
where he is appointed, and in San Fran
cisco would cetstOOO a year. The Super
visors are required to furnish rooms for
his offices. He is to have $500 a year for
stationery and office expenses, is to be
allowed to employ a shorthand reporter,
whose compensation shall be one-half the
amount now allowed official reporters in
the Superior courip, and *uch clerical and
other assistance as the Supervi or 3 may
deem reasonable.
The employment of the "Specialist in
Sociological Education" is to be made by
the Superintendent of Schools, Sheriff
and Recorder. H? is to continue in office
for t c same perio.t that the regular claps
of teachers of the primary ami grammar
schools are now appointed. This means
a virtual tenancy of the ollica for life, <
since there will be no power to try the
specialist for unprofessional conduct or
netrlect of dutj', as there is in the case of
teachers.
The duties which are to be expected of
this extraordinary official are many. lie
is to study crime and pauperism with
reference to drunkenness and the use of
opium ; to inquire into the causes which
produce criminals and paupers and sug
gest remedies. He is to prepare for cir
culation among the mothers of school
children and teachers sociological litera
ture containing suggestions for eradicat
ing evil tendencies in mind ana body. He
is to collect and report upon the details
relating to the different branches of soci
ology and the several subdivisions of crim
inal anthropology, copies o! which reports
are to be tiled with the Superintendent of
Schools, Recorder, Sheriff, Ls_ iaiatnre,
Governor and the principals of State
normal schools.
His Dnvi leges are to be almost as numer
ous as his duties. He is to have free ac
cess to pll institutions for the purpose of
investigating social pathology and may
ba permitted to perform autopsies upon
the bodies of deceased persons. He may
uct as counsel in criminal trials where the
defense is insanity, and any person who
impedes or prevents him in the full ami
free performance of his office is to be held
guilty of a misdemeanor.
The bil hardly needs comment The
creation of an official of this kind is cer
tainly one of theluxuries which San Fran
cisco can do without. It will cost at least
110,000 a year to pay his salary and run
his office. He comes too high. We do
not need him In our educational system
half as much as we need some new rare
animal iv the zoological car Jens at the
park. The bill is a good one to be
dropped in the wustebasket.
The constitutional convention now in ses
sion in Delaware has adopted a proposition
to punish bribe-takers by fine and impris
onment, and try them belore a board of
judges instead of by jury. It is also de
clared a witness shall not have a right to
decline to give evidence on 'he ground
that he might be incriminated. Tnus are
two of the most venerable precedents of
our law set asifJe in order to try another
experiment at making people honest by
statute.
A man rushed into the oflice of a doctor
in Louisville and declared he had swal
lowed a glass of cider into which arsenic
had been dropped by mistake. The doctor
made a bee-line for the kitchen to get some
hot water, and when he returned hefounrt
the man had gone and taten with him
every portable thing of value he could
lay his hands on. The sufrerinc victim
was a sueak thief and his trick is the
latest.
It is announced tnat McKinley will ex
ercise great care in selecting men for thu
consular service, as he wishes to have in
tnose offices men who will be of use in de
veloping our commerce with foreign na
tions. That menns business.
All the statesmen of Europe seem to be
greatly worried lest the Turks should
whip Greece, but the Greeks are not show
in? any worry. They continue to sail
away for Crete with a gleam of victorj in
their eyes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1897.
THE CONSULAR SERVICE.
In hi? efforts to restore the prosperity of
the country, Major McKinley intends to
make his term of office a business admin
istration in every respect. All reports
that come to us from those who are close
to him and can speak with authority
make it certain that there is no pan of our
industrial or commercial life to which he
will not giv-> close attention and every
help which lies in his power.
Among the features of the administra
tion which will mar* its devotion to the
business welfare of the country will be the
selections made for the consular strvice.
F. B. Loomis, who has been the Canton
correspondent of the New York Tribune
ever since the St. Louis convention, and
who has had full ot portuniti-^s for seeing
the President-eiect and learning his opin
ions, has recently written to his paper an
article setting for:!> ihe careful considera
tion which Mr. McKinley will give to the
selection of men for foreign appointments.
Mr. Loo ml* says:
It is the ambition of the President-elect,
above all other tninßß, to advance the bus.
-ness interests of this country, to expand for
eign markets and to contribute to the sub
stantial restoration oi abundant, normal prus
penty. No man will bo considered for an uj>
pointment of the slightest consequence who Is
not believed lo be willing and aile to do
■ometatac to i crease the demand for Ameri
can products abroad. Major McK>nley wants
gentlemen in the foreign service and wants
men of education, culture und ideas, who
w.li, in their bearing, their acts, official deeds
and utterances, exemplify the best, truest and
h.ghest type ot American citizenship. Be
will have no use whatsoever for drones or for
rich ialers who hope to become sumptuous
loungers about foreign cnpiiuls.
The importance of the proposed new de
parture iv our consular scyv.ee cannot be
overrated. It has lone been known that
the management of our foreign commer
cial relations has been the weak point in
our Government. While the Consuls of
other countries have been chosen for
their fitness to advance the commerce of
their merchants, and find new markets
for the produce of the industries of th«
people, our Consuls have been to a consid
erable extent either negligent of these
duties or incapable of rightly performing
them.
No one has spoken more severely of the
defects in our consular service than some
of tlic more earnest members of that ser
vice themselves. It is In fact a well
known truth that we lose a large propor
tion of tlie trade of foreipn countries
-■imply because our Consuls abroad are not
sufficiently well informed concerning tne
Commerce of their own counirv to know
how to promote it in the markets of the
ports at which they are stationed.
The nee 1 of a patriotic and intelligent
consular service Is every where recognized.
The importance of improvement in this
department of the Government is hardly
less great than a revibion of the tariff. We
must have not only revived industries,
but wider and broader markets for their
products, and the McKinley administra
tion will deserve well of the country if it
carries out successfully the policy which
it promises to undertake.
GALVESTON'S IMPROVED HAEBOS
One of the greatest achievements of
modern engineering skill is the deepening
of Galveston's harbor from fifteen to
twenty-five feet by the building of the
immense jetties which have just been
completed. The work is a triumph for
the engineers and a striking exampie of
the advance of human power over the
forces of nature. The jetty far surpasses
in magnitude any ever constructed before.
The problem involved in the exploit was
a puzzling one to the most experienced
engineers. The success has been signal
and the results to the commerce and gen
eral development of the Southwestern
States will constitute a new era for that
section.
There are two of theso jetties— one four
miles long and the other six. Each is
tifiv feet wide at the base and from twelve
to fifteen feet wid* on top. The founda
tion is a wide layer of yandstono thirty
feet wide and three feet thick. Tne main
body of the structure consists of a mass of
broken rock dumped into the water from
a railway built on pile?, and over all is a
layer of immense granite blocks weighing
from two to ten tons plstced so close
together that they make almost a solid
granite wall. The two jetties are a mile
apart. The expectation is that they will
endure aa long as the earth keeps the even
tenor of its way. The Government ex
pended |6,400.000 on them, and the harbor
can now be entered by the great ocean
going vessels of the world.
The men who planned this vast con
siruction had to contend with the dis
couragement of the adverse criticism of
some of the most authoritative engineers.
It was said that the distance of a mile
was too far apart to place the jetties, and
as a consequence the waters would not be
sufficiently concentrated to cut out the
harbor bars. The United States engineers
had the courage of conviction and per
sisted in their plan. For four year?, as
the work progressed and the millions of
dollars were being dumped into the sea,
the prophets of failure had promise of
being able to say, "I told you so," for the
obstructing sand persistently stayed on
the harbor bara.
Toward the end of the construction,
however, the bars began to make frequent
shifts of their position. They did not go
away, but tbey showed that the work of
man's bands was Having some tremendous
inlluence upon the doings of that mighty
sea wnich is so calculated to impress him
with the puniness of his powers. Human
skill pushed the great graniie arms a mile
or so furthei out in the sea, and then the
obedient waves performed man's bidding
swiftly and perfectly. The lamp of Alad
din to summoa the genii of the deep to
toil at human command could scarcely
have furnished romance with a more
marvelously executed feat. The force of
the confined water opened a channel
twenty-nve feet deep and a mile wide.
Vast as the work is, it cost us as a Nation
a trifle less than 9 cents apiece. It was for
the able-bodied people of this country
considered collectively about an hour's
job. As the thrifty farmer said to hi 9
harvest hands, we might do li:tla joha
lite that while we are resting. It was
practically the same thing as if we all got
up an hour ear Her some tine morning and
finished the work before breakfast.
PER ONAL
R. 51. Aldridge of Arizona is at the Baldwin.
Senator D. A. Ostrom of Yuba Is at the
GranJ.
William O. Lee of Detroit is at the Occi
dental.
Sirs. Dr. Leonard of Merced is at the Cosmo
politan.
Edward Germain of Los Angeles arrived here
yesterday.
A. Moore, a large land-owner of Pescadero, ia
iv the city.
D. A. K'.i-sell, a mining man of lowa Hill, is
at the Kuss.
11. W. Lane and J. Parker, of Carson, Nev.,
are in the City.
W. A. G. MiKenzie, a railroad man of Santa
Maria, is in town.
Bert Finning, general-store owner of Forest
Hill, is in the City.
F. D. McCord, a business man of Ilanford, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
Henry ("lay, owner of a general store at
Modesto, is at the Itu^s.
J. H. Thomas and A. Egbert, extensive farm
ers of Rio Vista, are at the Russ.
•T. W. Stinrer, for many years a leading
business man of Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
D. B. Smith, an extensive merchant of Hono
lulu, arrived here yesterday on the Australia.
J. D. Thompson, a Dusiness man of Salt Lake
City, is here, accoir.punied by Mrs. Thompson.
C. R. Gilbert and A, T. Collins, mining men
of Butte, Mont., were among yesterday's ar
rivals.
Lewis A. Hicks of Bakersfleld, engineer for
the Kern County Land Company, is at the
Occidental.
R. C. Sargent, the great land-owner and
pioneer settler of Stockton, is amonc the re
cent arrivals here.
Ex-Congressman Loutttt came down yester
day from his home in Stockton for a few days'
stay. He is at the Lick.
A. 8. Cooper of Santa Barbara, the- wealthy
o« ncr of the extemive quarries of bituminous
rock near that city, is in town.
Mrs. D. Swain, a music-teacher of Fresno, is
in the City for her health. She has taken
apartments at tho Cosmopolitan.
E. K. Cuthbert. a business man and coffee
grower of Guatemala, is among the arrivals
here. He is accompanied by his wife and
child.
W. D. Keyser. an old-time stage-line owner
of California and now proprietor of the stages
running between Pieta c.nd Blue Lake and
neighboring points, is on a visit hare.
E. A- McDonald of Tacoma, who has come
down from the State of Washington on a com
mission for the newly elected Governor
Rogers, is among the latest arrivals here.
W. J. HotchKiss, who is largely interested in
the fruit-canning business at Healdsburg, has
arrived here alter several weeks' aDsence in
New York, where ho went to make contracts
for California fruit.
Dr. Ottiwell W. Jones, who has been travel
ing in Europe for thfl past y«ar and visiting
hospitals, particularly Martin's at Berlin, has
returned with his wife, and will resume the
practice of hi:, profession In this City.
H. O. Bell-Irvinz of Vancouver, the British
Columbia agent of tne Anglo-British Colum
bia Packing Company of London, England, is
hero. His company is one ol the greatest in
the world and owns canneries on the Fraser,
Skoenn and Nass rivers. It has agencies in
New York and elsewhere over tbe country.
11. Bratnober, the widely known Pacific
Coast mining man, who has operated exten
sively for a number of years in Montana, Ari
zona, Idaho, and other sections of the
cou-itry in gold and silver mines, has ar
rived here after several months in Colorado.
While absent he succerded in selling the
fnn-.ous Tomboy vrold mine, which was pur
ch.ised by the British Investment Company.
It is *aid that the price r>sid was $1,500,000.
The heavy men of the company are the Roths
cliilils of England, who bought the Douglass
Island mines in Alaska and who are now
operating on the mother lode in California.
CAL FORNIAn. t *N NEW YORK
NEW TOBK, N. V., Feb. 17.— At the Plaza.
U. B. Fraser; Park Avenue, J. D. Hammond;
Warwick, D. Austman; Holland, P. S. and Mrs.
L. L. Bake. Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Whitiy; Gtlsey,
W. S. Mendalliali; Astor, W. Linden; Everett,
Mrs. J. Coughlan. Mr. and Mrs. Julius Conn
and Mrs. Levy of Stockton left the Plaza to
sail on the llavel.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Do you call that a veal cutlet, waiter?" said
a London exquibite, one of the most delicate
type. "Why, sir, such a veal cutlet as that is
an insult to every self-respecting calf in the
British empire.' '
The waiter hung his head in very shame for
a moment and then replied, in a language of
humblest apology :
"I really didn't intend to Insult you, sir."—
Tit-Blis.
Lawyer— l must know the whole truth be
fore I enn successfully defend you. Have you
told me everythitg?
l'ritoner— Except where I hid the money. I
want teat for myself.— Tit-Bits.
Sunday-school teacher— And what did David
do to Goliath?
Newest pupil— aw, sayl He didn't do a
ting to him.— Truth.
"Now, little boy," said the klnily old
woman to the youth with a kite, "if you will
run this erranl for me I will buy you a new
ball of twine."
The liul did not move, but stood us if of
stone. The pacitago was to De delivered seven
blocks away, and, besides, he had a vague
suspicion that she was stringing him.— Grand
Itopids Press.
"I'm glad to know," remarked Miss Cayenne,
"that Mr. and Mrs. Jinkle are living far more
happily than they were formerly."
"X::deeii?"
"Yes. I am informed that they haven't
spoken to each other for week?."— Washington
Star.
ROBBIE BURNS lM GEORGIA.
La Grange Reporter.
A Georgia editor:
And would gome power the giftle gle us
To see our creditors before tuey see us.
ARE YOU A LOVER OF NATURE?
Then you cannot fail to find interest In the contribution of the Naturalist at Large in next
Sunday's Call.
The title is "Bird, Tree and Hedgerow." . -.wi-*. »
Somebody has written somewhere recently that "California has no indigenous song-Dim,.
That statement has a huudred times been proved false, and reminds one of the assertion
made in an Eastern paper some time ago that
••California has oniy one tree, and that is the
scrub oak."
You want to familiarize yourself with the
facts in the premises, especially when some
of the glories vi our Golden State are brought
into question.
To do this you should not miss any of thßt
delightful and valuable series of articles en
titled -'Idyls of the Field," and particu arly
should you reed the one bearing the sue-title
••Bird, Tree and Hedgerow" in The Sunday
Call.
Fish stories are always in order— that is, good
fish stor es.
One of ;h- very best of the latter kind •will
appear in The Call next Sunday.
Perhaps you don't know thai fish are not the
same color at night as during the day.
It is a fact, though.
Sometimes fish can change color at will.
Tnis seems hard to believe; but if you read
the scientifically accurate article by Professor Verriil in The Sunday Call you will be con-
Most remarkable is the story told, and everybody who has ever gone fishing will read it and
profit by tne perusal.
Van Dyek Brown will have one of his splenaid reviews of British art, and other writers
will tell o! new departures among artists of the West.
Trie children w ill hive a page appropriate to the approaching birthday of the "Father of
His Country." It will be full of excellent reading, entertaining and instructive, and the illus
trations will be of a rare order. It will be a Washingtonian page, and every child will want to
hear all the s ories that will appearin the young people's realm of The Sunday Call.
Some highly humorous sketches will add variety to the pages, but space is too limited to
enable us to cull attention to the numerous special features.
Suffice it to say that The Sunday Call will be crowded with good things, calculated to
bring pleasure to every home.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Mme. Carreno said in a recent interview
with Charming Eliery that if the were offered
a palace and millions of doilars to give up
being a professional pianist she would refuse
it all in order to cling to her art. There is
scarcely an artist before the public who has
more originality in conception ai:d technique
than Carreno. Conventionality is entirely
foreign to her nature, and she haa grieved
and pained New York by saying that she
would prefer being known as "The Wilu In
dian Pianist." to being dubbed "The Society
Pianist." When asked if she did not enjoy
her recital at the gorgeous Waldorf the other
day she answered: "A teautiful paiace fora
bailor a dinner, but nothing could be worse
for a piano recital. The idea of being planted
there on a low stage, invisible to nine-tenths
of your audience, with a low ceiling above
you and palms ail round. Every time I came
out to bow 1 scratched my nose agains; one of
those wretched palm leaves. I foit like an
idiot, too, when I had to bow, because the
room being twice as broad as it is deep my
audienca seemed to spread out in'erminably
MME. TERESA CARRENO, Who Refuses to Be Gushed Over
by Society.
right and lett, and I didn't know in what di
rection I ought to look. I hope to goodness I
shan't have to p'.ay there again. The Waldorf
is all very well for a debutante who needs a
friendly launching from society friends, but
as for me I want to be brought face to face with
the great public and not depend upon any one
class for support. When my manager met me
at the steamer and informed me I was to play
at the Waldorf I was aghast, and did not hesi
tate to tell him so. 'But my dear Mme. Car
reno we must have society with us,' he remon
strated. 'Bother society,' I replied. 'Society
is all very well of itself, but it is best not to
m.x it up with art.' "
There was a time when the Royal Theater of
Madrid was one of the most flourishing opera
houses in Europe, but lately it has fallen into
a state of utter decadence. A Madrid news
paper, El Campenon, asks: "What would the
managers of former times say iJ taey could
come from their graves and see the state of
things going on at the opera-house? Tiie
management has sent away Mme. Adalgisa
Gabbi, whom the public wanted and insisted
on having; it could not pay Mme. Teresa Ar
kel, and it was not ashamed to offer M. Rossi
tano a reduction of salary immediately after
he had obtained great success in 'The Hugue
nots,' "La Prophota,' etc. Russitano pre
ferred to leave Madrid. The celebrated artist.
Mme. Pasqua, soon went also, refusing all
overtures for a re-engagement as she whs worn
out with the state of disorder and the scandals
which resulted from the aversion of the pub
lic for an enterprise wittiont management,
without tact and without brains." It may ba
added that Mme. Gabbi and Mme. Arkel are
two of the best dramatic sopranos in Europe:
they would either of them have little diffi
culty in putting into the shade Mme. Lltvinne,
Nordica's successor at the Metropolitan Opera
house. In fact, their voices are younger and
more beautiful than Nordira's. Arkel is a
Jewess of great beauty, and is possessed of
remarkable dramatic ability, and Uabbi is a
Neapolitan, with all the fire and verve of her
race.
Charles Frohman has gone on record as re
fusing admission at his theater to a New York
critic who had bought his tickets. Mr. Froh
man's reason was that the critic is gen
erally acknowledged to be actuated by
euvy, hatred, malice and all unchari
tableness. In Switzerland the question
of whether a person can bo refused ad
mission to a theater has just been brought
before the highest tribunal in tho country,
and the decision there brought the Supervisors
of Geneva into a good deul of trouble. It
seems that a popular singer in light opera had
an admirer, whom she said could call uj>o:i
her occasionally behind the scenes at the
Municipal Theater. The mauaqer did not
dare expostulate, as the singer was very capri
cious and her presence in the cast aiwxrs
caused a sensible increase in the box-office
receipts, but to outsiders he expressed his
opinion that it was a nuisance to have
strangers coming behind the scenes when th c
performance was in progress. These words
came to the admirer's ears, and he imme
diately songht out tho manager, with the re
sult that a quarrel ensued and the manager's
fnce was slapped. He at once complained to
the Municipal Council of the city of Geneva,
which owns the Municipal Theater. The
council forbid the young man entering its
theater, even as a spectator. Believing that
his rights had been infringed the prima
donna's admirer carried the case to the Gov
ernment of the Canton and thence it was
appealed to the Federal Council, which has
rendered a final decision that the Municipal
Council had no right to forbid entrance to any
spectator who was not uoisy and disorderly
during the performance.
The fairy opera entitled "The Royal Chil
dren," by Ethelbert Humperdinck, which has
been anticipated for months past, has just been
played for the first time at the Royal Theater,
Munich. The work was received with such
frantic enthusiasm as to recall the legendary
successes of Richard Wagner's later operas,
which were produced under the patronage ot
his friend and protector, Kins Louis II of
Bavaria. The fortunate composer of "Hansel
and G otel" was present at tho performance of
"The Ruval Children," and was greeted with
acclamations by the audience. It wis what
the Italians call a successonc, and the composer
was called b> fore the curtain almost as often
as if the performance had been taking place
in Naples. The public enthusiasm was aug.
menied by a surprise which the composer had
in store. The programmes announced as the
writer of the libretto a certain Ernest Rosner,
whom no one had ever heard of. The first
t: me he was called before the curtain, Hum
perdlnck presented himself with his poet, who
proved to be a blonde and beauiiful young
woman named Elsa Bernstein. The Munich
press predicts as much success for "The Chil
dren of the King" as "Hansel and Gretel" has
achieved.
Apropos of the hundredth anniversary of
Fr»nz Schubert's birth, the musical papers In
Austria, France, Germany and England have
given an interesting flood of anecdotes of the
Viennese master. The following is from Le
Mencsirel: "A hundred yean ago, in the
homo of a poor teacher in Vienno, there was
born one of the musicians wnom Germany has
honored most — Franz Schubert. Tnirty years
after this memorable event, on the 29th of
March, 1827, the city of Vienna was rendering
Us last homage to Ludwig yon Beethoven.
Surrounded by a populace in mourning, the
remains of the composer of the nine sym
phonies had been laid to rest in the cemetery
of Waehrins, ami according to the custom of
the country the musical societies which
formed the escort were returning home to the
strains of a triumphal march to express joy at
the liberation of the dead man's sou), when
Schubert with some companions entered a
Weinhaus. After the glasses had been filled
Schubert named the following toast: 'To the
one «ho will follow him first.' Alas! It was
to himself that he drank, for the following
year he died."
People talk of the high prices charged for
grand opera in New York, but the charges at
the Metropolitan ure nothing to the rates
which are being charged at La Scala in Milan
for the first performance of the new bal.et,
"Lo Sport," composed by Manzotti. Orchestra
chairs are 80 francs ($10), $12 is charged for
back seats downstairs, and for the top gallery
which is on the second tier, the prices are $3,
and $2 vxtra for the seat being reserved. As
for boxes, of which the seating capacity of La
Soala is principally composed, they cost a
small fortune. The management is under
heavy expenses, however, for in spite ot the
facithatit is the fashion to sneer at the pau
city of stage appliances in Italy, the Scala
ballets are produced with a magnificence
probably unparalleled on any stage in the
world, and as the ballet follows the regular
performance of the opera it is necessary to
hire two orchestras for the same evening. The
members of the Scala Grand Opera Orchestra,
about a hundred iv number, are all professors'
and would consider themselves degraded if
they played for a ballet d" action.
The Roman newspaper L'ltalie gives ihe fol
lowing rather curious piece of information
"We are glaa to be the first to atmouuce a
grand artistic and fashionable event which
will tako place In Rome after Easter. Five
English composer*, the flower of musical an
in the United Kingdom, will give two grand
hearings of their best works at the Cosianzi
Theater here, with soloists brought expressly
from London. The composers are: Sir Arthur
Sullivan, A.C.Mackenzie, F. H. Cowen, Hu
bert Perry and V. C. Stanford. Ihe' pro
grammes will consist of 'The Golden Legend.'
Sullivan's chef d'eeuvre; 'Britannia,' by Mac
kenzie, and the 'Irish Symphony,' by Stan
lord. The British court and the Prince of
Wales are taking a deep interest in the Roman
debut of these British composer!."
Franz Schubert left no children, but the de
scendants of his brothers and sisters (he haj
eighteen of them) are very numerous. At thu
time of his death five brothers and two siste*^
were still living. The last survivor waa thej
Rev. Father Andre Schubert, who died in Vi
enna about ten years ago. The other brothers
were for the most part teachers in primary
schools. The eldest, Ferdinand Schubert, witn
whom Franz lived for some time, was director
of the Primary Normal School in Vienna, and
died in 185'J, leaving twenty-six children.
His granddaughter, Mrs. Geistler-Schubert, ii
an excellent planiste. and lives in London.
Most of his grandsons nre officers or professors.
So the name of Schubert is not by any ineaus
extinct.
A feature of the French Grand Opera Com
pany's repertoire when that organization ap
pears at the California Theaier next month
will be the new opera, "I, e Voyage de fiuzettc,"
which was successfully produced for the first
time in America on the 31st of last month.
The music is by Leon Vasseur and the libretto
by Messrs. Duru and Chivot. The opara is
spectacular, a:id calls for the presence of over
115 people on the Btage. An interesting plot
runs its course through (our acts a;.d :en tab
leaux, and tells of Gazette's voyage from Spain
to Persia, and her endeavors to escape one ad
mirer in Spain so as to meet and marry the
other in l'ersia, in which she succeeds.
At Milan, one of the most interesting his
torical instruments in existence has just been
sold by public auction. It was the harpsi
chord which belonged to Paisiello, the compo
ser ot -'La Molinara," "La Frascatana," >'\j&
Due Contesse,"andso many other delightfully
graceful and sentimental operas of the Old.
Italian school. Tho bidding for the instru
ment was very lively, and it was finally
knocked down to a Mrs. Arrigoni for the sua
of 1050 francs.
A number of European musical papers stato
authoritatively that the well-known com
poser Johannes Brahm is attacked with an in
ternal disease, from which he suffers cruelly,
and that a surgical operation will probably bo
necessary. Brahms, whom Schumann rathti\
pompously called "The Mozart of the Xlnu-I
teenth Century," will soon complete his sixty-/
lourtn year.
Pictro Mascagni has received $10,000 (50, -
000 francs) from the management of the Co
vent Garden Theater, London, for the righ: of
producing for the first time on any stage his
new Japanese opera "Iride." At least that ia
what tne Italian papers say.
A new opera in two acts, entitled "The
Rajah's Widow," has i een played with success
at the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee. The com
poser bears the illustrous name of Bach, but
we are ignorant if Christopher Bach is a de
scendant of the great cantor of Leipsic— Li3
Mencstrel.
An unpublished opera entitled "Gernot," of
which Eugeue d'Albcrt has written both the
words and music, is about to be produced at
the principal theater in Mannheim. The com
poser wiil conduct aud his wife will sing the
principal role.
A new operetta has just been produced in
Rome. It is by Giovanni Lelosl aud is called
"Tutti in America." (All in America.)
The theater An der Wien in Vienna is pre
paring the first performance of a new operetta
by Joi.Run Strauss called "Tho Goddess of
Reason."
OtEMNG ThE MILLS.
Detroit Journal.
There is certainly encouragement in the re
ports oi the weekly trade journals showing
from week to week a large net increase in tha
number of manuiacturing establishments In
operation. This means a correspondingly in
creased demand for labor and increased de
mand for tne thlngl manufactured. Both
capita! and labor la producing enterprises aro
ene"uraged by the promise of an early revision
of the tariff on protection lines, and of more
favorable business conditions in ihe near fu
ture.
Towksend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 2sc*
"All poets are dreamers, more or less."
"Well, I don't know. From the works of
some I should say they suffered much from
nightmare."— Xorth American.
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the beneC of hose desiring to w tneas the
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from a.l points on Its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1, 2 and 3,
valid ior return until Murch 8. similar tickets
via B. and O. R. R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being thi
shirtest and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any in a 1
Amer.ca. Passengers also have the option of trav
e Ing via A kron and Pitisburg or via Bellalre and
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are veatlbuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the d.ning
car service is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application by
L S. Allen, assistant general passenger ageut, B.
and O. R. R., Grand Central station, Chicago.
Stop-Over Privilege at Washington.
A ten-day stop-over at Washington, D. C, is now
granted on all through tickets between the -Ease
and West, via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Stop
over will also D 9 granted on the return Journey
made on round-trip tickets within the final limit
of such tickets, but not exceeding ten
days. Passengers will deposit their tickets with,
the ticket agent at B. and O. K. R. station la
Washington, who will retain them until the Jour
ney Is to be resumed, when they will be made
good for continuous passage to destination by ex
tension of exchange. This arrangement will doub:
less be greatly appreciated by the traveling public
because it will permi: the holders of through tickets
to make a brief xlth to the National capital with
out additional outlay for railroad fare.
"The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The fnion Pacific is the only line running Pull
man douMe drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dlning-CBre, San Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoklns ar.d library cars.
Ogdeu to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car re«er-V
vatlons at 1 Montgomery st. D. \V. Hltchcoei, 1
General Agei.t, San Francisco. -W
SUFFKRERS FROM COUGHS, SORE THKOAT, etC,
should bo constantly supplied with "Brown's
Bronchial IVoc/ies." Avoid imitations.
Ayer's Hair Visor is the best preparation
wtr.cn can be obtained for removing dandruff and
curing humors of the scalp.
George— You do not call on Miss Rosebud
now?
Jack— Xo. I got disgusted. She has such a
coarse lnugh.
"I never noticed that."
"You would if you'd been within hearing
when I proposed to her."— Dublin World.
SEW TO-DA.T.
feQYvji
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated for It* great leavei;lQir strength and
healthfnlnesa. Assures the toed ai-ainat alum and
all forms of adulteration common to the cheap
brand s.
.Koyai- Bakejo Vowukb Co.. XewYoritTHURSDAY FEBRUARY 18, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Titeateh -"Hamlet."
I California Theater "Cinderella."
Columbia Theater Chlnimie Fadden."
-Columbia Theater.— Symphony Coucert this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.
" aioKosco s Oi-era-Hoisk. - Out In the Streets"
• Alcazar Theatii: A Scrap of Taper."
TivpLi Opera House. — "Aladdin; or, The
V onderful Lamp
Oki-hei-m— High-class Vaudeville.
Golpkn Gate HAi.i.-HaskeU Smith, M. A.,
this afternoon, at 3 o'c ock.
MIW-HANJCB' Pavilion— Vereln Elntracht Mas-
querade Ball. Saturaa* evening, February 20th.
si-TKo Baths- Bathing and 1 erformances.
The (.iutks and Skatino Kink— Bally at
Waight street, one block enstof the Park.
v-akla.m, Hack Thack.— Races to-day.
• • AUCTION iAU.S.
,Q B r, IKJ>IAXA -ArcrioN Co.-TbJa day, February
IS Liquors ana Woodenware, ai 1057 Market st.,
ai 11 o'clock.
By Yon Rhkin <fc Co.— Thursday, February 25,
Tfh\ Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at 12 o'clock.
By -Madison & Bubke— Wednesday. February
-4, Heal Estate, at salesroom, t>-.!6 Market street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Probably occasional showers Thursday—
Forecaster Hemmon.
E. P. Dewey, charged with forgery, is on
trial in Judge Carroll Cook's court.
An overcrowded house wa* the result of
ladies' night yesterday at the Olympic Club.
Twelve cases against John A. Benson were
dismissed in the United States District Court
yesterday.
The local ■wheelmen are in a dilemma over
• the action of League of American Wheelmen
in Albany, N. Y.
Catherine Brown has sued Thomas and
Bridget Dillon to set aside a deed for $10,000
worth of property.
Louis Sloss has presented the State Uni
versity with a collection of JOOO books in the
Semitic languages.
The case of Robert L. Mann, who is drawing
t\\ o salaries from the City, may be investigated
by the Grand Jury.
The Plute Indian baseball team will play
the Stanford Varsity nine at San Jose next
Saturday alternoon."
Patrick Polar the saloon-keeper who was
shot on Tuesday by Kugeae Kenney, died
early yesterday morninc.
Barney Farley's famous training quarters at
the junction of the Ocean House aud old San
Jose roads have been sold.
Mayor Phelan hr.s appointed a committee of
weli-known citizens to co-operate with the
Cuoan League of New York.
The Louisa Dis agtun in trouble. The sec
ond mate was lanoea in Santa llurbora, and
• Captain Butters now wants a new man.
Favorites captured all nix events at Oakland
rday. The winners were: Hermoso,
. ArrezzOj Schiller, Moylan, Casper and Redding
ton.
At Tueslay night's meeting of the Miners'
Association a compromise wa- made by which
the Assembly bill is to he amended in'ccrtain
deiiii.s.
The Manufacturers' and Producers" Associa
tion has prepared a legislative bi.l for the
at oh-hraent of power machinery ia the State
prisons.
John Eichardson has Fiied the Albion Lum
ber Company i\>r .firJ3 38, alleged to be due
for money advanced and goodssupplied to tie
. defendant.
The steamer Australia arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday and brought a distinguished
lot of passengers. Many of them are here for
a vacation.
Alvinza Hayward on Monday last sold to a
London mining syndicate a one-sixth interest
in the eel rbratcd Mariposa grant for the sum
of $166,661
Josie Porter, a school girl living at 210 Dore
street, was arresjed yesterday on a churge of
grand larceny preferred by C. J. Lynch, a
Baloon-keeper.
Butler has been identified as having been a
marine on board H. M. S. Triumph. It is un
derstood he outlined his defense to ouo of his
■ .' f< rmer biiipmaiet.
Harry Renfos, aerial artist at the Orpheum,
fell from his trapeze into the orchestra, some
forty feet, at the performance yesterday after
noon. He was not hurt.
Henry Henne and George Handel are ac
casedoi mismanaging Philip Liesenfelrt's es
tate and will be cited to appear in Judge
black's court and explain.
Miss Louise Moulder and James 11. Covode
were married lest evening at the bride's resi
dence on Bush street. Archbishop Kiordan
officiated at the ceremony.
Louise Greninger, 17 years of nge, was at
tai ked by a ruffian Tuesday night while on
bei way to her home, 524 Kansas street, who
attempted to crimina.ly essault her.
The Australia brougnt up a <!ead body ln-
F'ead or the living daughter of K. Maurer ex
pected from Honolulu yesterday. The young
woman died while on a vUH to her auntl
Arthur Sears and Mrs. Nellie Coviugton have
sired Frederick Belasco, claiming that he failed
to unite them histrionic artists, alter six
mouths' tutelage, as agreed in acontract.
The will of Henry I!. Shaw, the pioneer
druggist, has been filed for probate. The es
i said to bo worth £10.000, the greater
portion of wh*ch goes to Kate Shaw, hi.~ widow.
The local Greeks are enthusiastic over the
rei orted rapture of Fort Aghai by tbe Greek
troops. M. D. Vamvalrs is in receipt of en
conraging letters from New York and Chicago.
• Nelson Bennett, who built, tho four-mile
tunnel through the Cascade Mountains for the
S< rthern Pacific Railway, and was formerly
proprietor of the Tacoma Ledger.is in the City.
The Association of Improvement Clubs, at a
meeting heid lust night, declared Itself op
posed to a proposed bill giving greater lati
tude to plaintiffs in suits to condemn prop
erty.
A wealthy tourist from St. Louis, stopping
at the Palace Hotel, was robbed of a valuable
diamond pin early Sunday morr.ing, and the
police have arrested L;z*ie Murphy on srts
picion.
The 238 Chinese gamblers in custody on a
charge of violating the laws against gambling
have demanded jury trials; and threaten to
clog the wheels of justice iv Judge Joachim
sen's court.
Dan Stuart has written Passenger Agent
Goodman that he thinks many patrons of the
(.'nr'-on fieht from the East wil! buy the regu
lar ticket via Carson to the coast 'and spend
some time in California.
The Fire Underwriters' Association yester
day afternoon elected officers for the ensuing
year Rt the conclusion of its twenty-first an
nual meeting, held during the last two days
at 303 California street.
" Mis<=MHttieGibbs. daughter of C. V. 8. Gibbs,
and Water G.lmore Holcombe were marrie-1
. last evening at the home of the bride's parents
en Pott street. Rev. Dr. Walk of Trinity
Church performed the ceremony.
<:. W. Bach, general manager of the Helvetia
Mi k-condentlng CornDany, yesterday asked
■ the Board of Health to afford him some redress
'• .for an erroueous analysis of Highland Evapo
rated Cream which was published.
Gas Rambere, a gripman on the Sutter-
Ktreet line, made a RtHteinent to the police yes
terday that W. H. Brenner, the saloon porter,
was knocked down by his car Monday night,
• which accident resulted in his death.
: The Supreme Court has reversed the decision
of the lower court in an notion by K. \V. Pierce
. ngainst the Southern Pacific Company in
which the former recovered damages for a lot
of orange trees killed while being transported
by the railroad.
Benjamin Levy, alias Harry Abraham, who
was arrested at the Emporium last Jrldnv for
presenting a forged order for an overcoat ' was
' sentenced to six months in the County Jail
yerterday by Judge Low, the charge having
been reduced to a misdemeanor.
The Board of Health has decided to call tne
attention of the Grand Jury to reports con
cerning the past management of the city aud
County Hospital, and also to letters concern
ing the moneys of patients in that institution
-that an investigation may be had.
The Labor Convention arranged last evening
. for a mass-meeting to be held at Metropolitan
Temple next Thursday evening to gve public
expression in favor of the bills proposed by it
and now belore the Legislature. A resolution
opposing prison labor was also adopted.
The St. Patrick's day jreneral committee met
last evening lv K. R. B. Hall and outlined a
plan ior a errand celebration on March 17.
There will be literary exercises In Metro
politan Temple in the afternoon and an illus
trated promenade concert in the Mechanics
Pavilion in the evening.
The Butchers' Board of Trade is opposed to
certain tiills introduced in the Legislature for
the purpose of giving to city boards oi health
the right tosubpena witnesses and to exercise
, special legislative functions, claiming that the
present laws are sufficient and that those pro
posed would cause much delny and incon
venience to reputable dealers already under a
Fvstemof slaughter-house and market inspec
tion.
The Remarkable Scene in Judge Joachimsen's Court When 238 Chinese Were Arraigned Yesterday
for Gambling.
ATTEMPTING TO
CLOG THE COURTS
Hundreds of Chinese Sports
Crowd in on Judge
Joachimsen.
Defendants Refuse Arraignment
and Are Given Jury
Trials.
The Gambers From the Chinese
Quarters Are Taught a L gal
Trick by Their Attorneys.
Poi Loi is the star performer in the
theatrical circles of China. He is a llonry j
Irving or a I'atti in his particular sphere,
and wLen "Little Pete" was alive Loi had
a standing engagement of $1000 a month
to come here and delight the patrons of
his Jackson-street theater.
Well, if Poi Loi had condescended to do
Spartacus, Chimmey Fadden, or any other
play here, he could not have gathered a
greater crowd of ill-smelling heathens
than the police crowded yesterday morn
ing in Judue Joachimsen's court.
There were 23S Chnamen in every stape
of cleanliness and dirt, but principally the
latter.
Per force the court had to order tbe
white people out of th° room, so as to
make place for the Chinamen, and they
sat and stood up to get a view of the bencti,
just as they do at the Chinese theater.
"Make them stop jabbering !" exclaimed
Judue Joaclnmseii. "Stop them from
smokine in court !"
The heathens were so numerous that
they regarded tlie courtroom as one of
their own haunts and did pretty nearly
asiheysawlit until Bailiff Duncan and
his corps of assistants taught them other
wise.
These Chinese were arrested in the high
binder clubs last Saturday night by Chief
Crowley's men, and they were all oil deck
to -tanti trial.
Major Smith and Joseph Coffey. their
attorneys, had all their clients on hand,
and theY declared they would fight the
cases to the bitter end.
Ex-Judge Louderbacfe, employed as spe
cial counsel by Chief Crowley, was ready
to meet them on their own cround?, :ind
in the conflict Judge Joachimsen dolfed
!iis frkuli bonnet and retired, s-ayine:
"You gentlemen can settle this thing
among yourselves. I do not propose to
sit here and listen to your wrangling."
Tne court ordered a recess, but when he
returned at it 3 conclusion ihe attorneys
were no nearer a conclusion than they
were before.
As Attorney Louderback explained it
the law required each defendant to be ar
raigned separately, or else the conviction
would be overruled upon appeal in the
Superior Court.
Major Smith look advantage of this and
demanded that the entire 238 defendants
be heard as one.
As a result only four prisoners were ar
raigned.
They followed the instructions of their
representatives and absolutely refused to
plead either guilty or notgnilty. The
court was then compelled to order the
plea of not euilty to be entered and a
venire of jurors to be called. He in
creased the bail of each defendant to $300.
and the cases were *et for trial next week.
Six:y Chinese who are out on $10 bail
pleaded not guilty, waived jury trial and
avoided tlie anger of the court, but the
others demanded the full reading of the
complaint in English and in Chinese. The
latter method is bound to keep Police
Court '6 clogged up for months in the hear
inp of these particular cases to the exclu
sion of all others.
FAVOEABLE TO THE EAILEOAD.
The Supreme Court's Action In a Suit
for Damnged Trees.
The State Supreme Court has ordered a
new trial in the case of R. W. Tierce
against the Southern Pacific Company.
In February, 1891, Pierce shipped from
Florida to Gulick Bros, at Riverside. Cai.,
two carloads of orange trees. When the
trees reached New Orleans it was found
that the route through Arizona was broken
by washouts caused by severe storms and
the trees were sent by the northern route
through Texas and Colorado to Utah and
tence over the Central Pacific Railroad.
While in transportation over the northern
route the trees were destroyed by freezing.
Pierce brought suit against the Southern
Pacific Company, claiming that by send
ing these perishable trees by the cold
northern route it had violated its contract
and he obtained judgment for $89ti5 dam
ages. Tlie railroad people asked fora new
trial of the cause, wiiioh was denied, and
it was from this that tiie appeal was taken.
The Supreme Court declared that the
lower court erred as to tlie extent of the
naniages and in not permuting the rail
road company to show tlie market value
of orange trues at the point of shipping
and at Riverside.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
DR. JORDAN ANALYZES THE REVIVAL.
"It Is Not an Attack on Religion to Call Crime or Folly by-
Its Name — Revivals cf Hysteria, Sensationalism
and Sensualism Should Receive the
Rebuke They Merit/
President David Starr Jo-dan ofLeland Stanford Jr. University delivered a
lecture last night before the Psychic Society of Oakland. It was especially inter
esting as constituting an explanation of his attitude toward the subject of "Re
vivals." which has recently provoked much controversy. Dr. Jordan originated
the controversy by decrying certain forms of the revival ns beir.g merely a "species
of insanity and "moral drunkenness." This view was warmly except ed to by many
ministers, who have seen the worthy fruits of religious revival?, and Dr. Jordan
accordingly rejoins with a fuller explanation of his objections to tbe so-called
"emotionalism" in certain phases. He said in part:
In what I Khali have to say to-nirht 1 speak not as a preacher, but as a teacher, or rather as a
learner, for old as the world la it Is but a short time since children were first taken seriously, and
we have moch to l«-arn us to the best way from childhood to manhood. I trust that my words may
be gen-.le. true and helrfil lam sun? that tliev will be helpful if they are true.
'1 he ceremonies and customs of man rest on a lasts of truth else they would not endure. Man's
experience justifies them else they would not b«*. sometimes the custom outlasts the need for it.
Imita ion the power of a«soclatlnn. the strength of oreonlztttlon glv<? life to ceremonies long after
th' y have ceased to stand for reality. When this is the caM It Is because its foundation in human
nature has bee i misunderstood. lint before we condemn any ceremons- or custom we should study
the. basis on which it rests.
The speaker then referred to the cpremony of confirmation rrcognized in the
r?reat h storic churches of Europe as marking the "putting away of childish
things" by youth. This eenminy has a physiological justification in a desire to
reach out among the contradictory imr>ul«es of co-ordinating nerve cells to
"bring them into nnison and to h'rini: from strtiegline incoherence the firm
purpose of self-devotion and of self-restrain." He continued:
\\ ith all this nri«ps the danger i ha- the ceremony may bo taken for the thinr Itself. It some
times ends in mere formulism, and thus degenerates into Intellectual and spiritual slavery. Many
have learned through sad experience the unreality or mere forms when the life Itself is absent.
i here are many who pass through T.ese forms without reaching the Inner harmony that the forms
are "iippos'-d to represent, and there are many. too. who pass through this stage without the help of
noble associations and without the Impulse that comes frnm the force of a pure life. Not all or our
v nth come within the influence of nobl- teachers, not all arc In touch with th • Ideal ministry.
The influence < f vulgarity, of bad associations, of Impure thoughts, rf cheap emotionalUm, all
these tend to ob cure and destroy the co-ordination of Impulses and purposes which lie at the
busUof the new life.
It wan to reach those who had p^ssrd the period of confirmation without entering upon any form
of the new life that the process of conversion was brought Into play. , his. like the other, was no
new thine. ]• wi mo modern dis o\ ry net r»sts In the n'«-d»Of human nature Itself. It was that
of the Individual zallo-i of religion— Of working out <-n s's own salvation. The Idea of conversion
la Dot thai of confirming In Hie rich: way, tut of turning about the one who is In the wrong way.
To this end every force available baa been brousht to bear. The lonrertba individual Das gone on
the wrong tra-k the more force it re<in res io brine him on the right one. nence the, development
of every inliuence that could come from the presence of numbers, from the power of sons, from
the fear of ihewrat.i to come, from the hop» of a material heaven from the dr-ad of a material
wor dof torment. And the result has been In mnv cases a turning about— not an instantaneous
f ; ! am?» of character, for character is the resultant of nmnv actions, but an instantaneous change of
direct. on. .»nd this may be permanent or not, necorling to the strength of character of the indi
vidual who Is affected, acco die o the undercurrents already at work and according to the Influ
ences which Inter may be brought Into his lt:e.
Those who bave dealt mos- wisely with t'hfs class of converts are those who have found from
the beginning something «or them to do. 1- will iOl do to turn them over to the remorse which de-
roys nor to the mere senlmentnllsm or emo-i.n which ends in nothing. They must be set 10
work. This the Salvation Army well understands
Just as in the phenomena of co iirmatlm there Is a danger of mere formalism, or Inertia, Of
selfishness, of dependence on others, so in the process of conversion we have the danger of sterile
emot on, of wrong emotion excited from time to time, and ending In nothing; or. In extreme
cases, we have the dancer of disturbance of the mental organism Itself— th» danger of Insanity.
_ There are many ways In which the normal relation of the parts of the nervous system can be
altered, just as there are many ways In which the tlme-keeplne qualities of a watch may b» de
stroyed. It Is posslb'e for us to alter the nature of the sensations that the brain should receive. It
is pos«lb eto deceive th* bruin by Impressions of eternal things that do not exist. Men have long
since leurned to take advantage of th« Tact to nrod-ce in the Drain impressions of appearance
when there is no appearance. This ii the function of alcoholic, stimulants: this is the function of
tea, coffee and other alkaloids that make tig feel well when we nre not well: that give us comfort
in fee ing without comfort in fact. In like manner the Influence of narotlcs tends to subdue
sense Impressions, giving an appearance of rest and quiet which U as false as the feeling of
pleasure which alcohol e»ches. There are other means or producing similar conditions In the
sensory relations of the brain.
The Influence of the excitement or others produces excitement In rou, whether It have a causa
or not. As a frightened horse will stßmpede a herd, «o a frightened man may stampede an army.
In like manner the various derangements which go under the name of hysteria are catching. The
frenzy of mobs passes from man toman, and the whole mass is rilled with the deilre to Kill. In the
same way long-continued solitude produces nervous derangement.
In the re to produce results in the conversion or the wicked men have lenorantly, some
times wickedly, taken udvant.-ce of tiese facts. It Is possible to produce a terrl.le excitement,
wnich is of the nature of lnsnnltv. which b»arß no relation to religion and cannot be workei out
Into honlthfu. life. Such evil Influences show themselves in the form of trances, which are sen
sory disturbances In which the brain has fantastic sensations or no sensations at all, or it is filled
with thoughts which are the product* Of the hypnotic suggestion of others.
"JrEV B W1 " may l) 0 pllt !0 s ' e *"P a na there may be evil derangements of the motor ap
paratus. This snows Itself in fantastic actions or rigidity of muscles, or In the absence or any power
to act at all. '
All of these are cases of Insanity that have no relation to religion— that have nothing to do with
a normal conversion or change of life, and tneir effect Is evil and wholly evil.
when the young are brought Into violent excitement which shows Itself In such ways as this
Incalculable mischief may be done, and thepe>sons responsible for It may be justly charged with
the offering up of human sacrifices. These ar- no remote dangers fur from our daily lives. They
are ever present when mu.tltudesare gathered together under the influence of strong feeling of any
sort.
It Is true, however, that (here are some who seelc the excitement of religion* Catherines solely
for excitement's sake. These an> rhroritr- cai< s <>X hysteria or catalepsy. It Is Mr. Sankey's testi
mony tht tn>- presence of such people lias b<>en a constant dread in his work, and that in well
ordered revivals some son or police forr« |g necessary to remove the»e people that they may noi do
mischief to th-mse yes nr brine tlie relicious n,ovem'»nt Into discredit.
J ellpi n wo thy of the i ame is an exnressiou,,of the hißh^st sanity. Kelicion In one form or
another must be the central axis of a worthy- lie. But mere em< tion wlihout purpo«e of action Is
not re'.i<?ion. Excitement of the nerves for the mere pleasure cf cxc tement tins no eunobllnu influ
ence. I: tends to uenken the will, to enfeeble tlie mind, to produce that condition • f si>iritua' lassi
tude whi< h shows itself In chronic conversion. When one 'falls from grace" readily lie has not far
total. Vet even these are entitled to gentl* jndsment. They would have fallen further if left to
themselves.
lint I am mvnef too much of a pnrltan to believe that we can safely or rightennslv use religious
emotion as a source or personal pleasure. The happiness of a religions man cimes from the f^et that
be has done his part In the work nf the world. Hint he has followe I his ideals.born • his burdens, and
received the reward which always comes io him who has loved much and has wrought his love into
deeds. The warmth of love know* no chill or Ussitude. Fevers and chills are alike symptoms Of
dis«us<\ tt Is certain that chro lc religious excitement is destructive to tho higher life. The great
efforts put forth to save the sinnershould not be used as a means of dissipation for those who be
lieve ihemseives to be saints.
The professor then quoted Edwin Dill«r Btarbuck of Clark University, whose
study of conversion as "primarily an unselfing" he eulogiz d. Mr. Starbuck treats
the subject from its broadest point of view, emphasizing the belief that "conver
sion is not a matter for the churches alone. It is under certain conditions a vita!,
moral step in individual urowth. Each step is of frequent occurrence in common
life. It is the birth of the individual, of self, into a larger spiritual world in which
he finds his l:fe. It is the individual will coming in harmony with the divine
will."
After some personal reminiscences Dr. Jordan continued:
The lesson to ns is 'hat one should be temperate in all thing*: that relicion shows itse"f In lofty
ideals steadily followed, in a clean life and in a pure heart. Sterile em 'lions are not rolls-ion, anil
hysteria, of the same nature as drunkenness, may be even more danuerous. because It Is Insidious
and because it may seem to come miner the protection of the honored church.
It Is no attack to protest, agsiiist the abuses which may creep Into religions practice. Every
honest clergyman knows Unit these ex esses exist, and in the d f?ree that he is earnest he'deplores
them, though lie may not see how to avoid them. This is the problem of his life worn, to be help
ful only and not to hurt even the least of the little ones. He cannot, as has been 8»ld, "go c Busing
in stage boots through the hoy of hollos." He cannot delegate his duties to itinerant pretenders?
ignorant of right and careless of results. , " "*,
I have here the card of a professional evangelist and comic elocutionist, Ills week's religious
work In Santa Ho»a Is followed by an evening of slde-ipluttng elecutlon, and the npnended press
notices testify to his excellence in both roles, on the back of the card "JMgnan's Corn" Cure" Is ad
vertised. This is the work of the cross-roads faker, not of the man of God. It is a gentle misuse of
language to call sir h a man a quack. He Is a criminal.
It In not an attack on religion to call crime or folly by Its name. ' The Jmensco to the church
comes from the use of its honored name M a cloak for fo ly and selfishness. Because revivals of re
ligion have been productive of endless eood under wise bands is no reason why revivals of hysteria
or sensation* Ism, and sensualism, should not receive the rebuKe they merit. '
There is no right way for the deve onment of all m-n. .Each one must live his own life pass
through his own changes. He can be helped by o hers, but this he p must be jrlven to him w'lse y ■
and in thli connection the work of the preacher has an Importance few of us realize. He is to deal
with the mosidi lie te part of the nature of man— the part that Is moit easily Injured by bunders
which an be most helped by the influence of true piety. To teach young men and women the
way of lit-* we need the noblest, wisest and purest men in the calling or the ministry in the
bands of the minister It tne molding of souls for the long, sweet, helpful life that now is and m
we hope, for the life that Is to come. ' M
The Huilelion Libel.
The preliminary examination of Benjamin
F. Hudelson, charged with criminal libel by
Attorney D. B. Woodworth, was to have been
resumed before Judge Campbell yesterday
afternoon, but a continuance was granted for
a week. A certificate was produced from Dr.
Wood tnat Hudelson was sick In bed from
pneumonia and would bo unable to appear in
court lor Borne days.
IJifiT Suit for Damages.
W. 11. Katon, by his attorney, Charles F.
Han ion, has sued the Alameda ami San
Joaquin Valley Railroad Company for $10,000
on account of Injuries alleged to have been
received by the pain tiff while employed aa a
carpenter by the defendant corporation.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THEY WERE EAGER
TO BE ACTORS
Arthur Sears and His Sis
ter Paid to Be Made
Stars.
They Sue Belasco and Say He
Failed to Make Them His
trionic Artists.
Say They Were Led to B?lieve They
Would Become Great Artists
in Six Months.
One of the most interesting claims filed
for many a clay in the Justices' Court of
San Francisco is that of Arthur Sears and
his sister, Mrs. Nellie E. Covmgton,
against Frederick Belasco, manager of tbe
Alcazar Theater uud of a school of prac
tical acting conducted by him at the Odd
Fellows' building.
The complaint shows that the plaintiffs
have met with sore disappointments in
life withiti the past six months, and they
attribute their reverses of fortune very
largely to Instructor Belasco. They have
employed G. W. Howe, a local attorney,
to set forth their claims in legal form.
"These people give a fair idea of what
we have ;o encounter every day." said
Manager Eelasc?; "peoplejwho expect to
become histrionic marvels In about six
weeks and positive world-beaters in a
year."
The complaints set forth that Belasco
advertiies in the daily papers and else
where — and they show these ads — "his
ability to make proficient actors of pupils
who attend the said school ; that he will
rehearse said pupils un the stag ■, and put
them through a course of practical and
eihcient exercises and enable them to ef
fect natural expressions, and to arrive, as
nearly as possible, at complete por
trayal."
These claims raised groat expectations
in the minds of plaintiffs, Sears longing to
abandon the business of painting houses
and yearning for the wide field where he
might portray human emotions. His
sister, too, wearying of the Berkeley hills
and monotony of the workaday "world,
says she was induced to believe that she
would soon arrive at a degree of culture as
an actress that would keep the world busy
guessing bow long she had been on the
stage.
The complaints set forth the aspirants'
grievances in detail. They say the plain
tiffs "were promised that in six months
they would be fuliy qualified and compe
tent actors, so much bo that lie (Belasco)
would defy any old-time actor or theatri
cal professional discovering or detecting
that they had not been full-fledged actors
for a number of years."
The complainants ask for a joint sum
exceeding $500. ea?h allegation of dam
ages being within the statutory limit for
Justices' courts. They allege that the
plaintiffs have been put to creat incoti
veinenoo and trouble in traveling to and
from Berkeley during the period of the
tuition, and that they have awakened to
a painful realization of the fact that they
are not perfect actors, so drilled in decla
mation, gesture, feeling and expression aa
to defy dramatic critics to distinguish
them from the heroes of the stage.
Mr. Sears thinks it would require about
$299 99 to repair the injury done to him
by forcing him to continue the vocation of
painting houses, while his sister thinks
she could stop the heartaches and disap
pointments Inflicted upon her for about
$246. Both have concluded that acting is
au uncertain profession.
MILITAEY PAEADE.
The Second Brigade Ordered Out for
Washington's ISirthday.
The following orders have been issued
from headquarters of the Second Brigade
relative to Washington's birthday:
In compliance with general orders No. 1,
headquarters Second Brigade, X. G. C, this
regimuut will parade on Washington's birth
day. Monday, February 22. 1807.
The fii'ld and staff (mounte i). non-commis
sioned staff, band, field music. First and Sec
ond battalions, will report to the a(!jutnnt at
the regimental armory at 2r. M. Tne Third
Battalion wi'l assemble nnd await orders at its
armory at 2P. M. The Cadet Corps will report
to the adjutant of the Thiru Battalion. Service
uniform.
Will Be a Lively Meeting.
When the Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors meets, Friday morning, the
claims of the Justices of the Peace for salaries
will be considered. While the law calls for
the turning in of all bills it may be consid
ered that the account may be balanced by
turning excepted Lills for salaries to account
lor the bills that were not turned over to the
City and County Trensurer. At the same
meeting representatives pf the State Board of
Trade will appear to see what can be done to
make available the sppropriations ior the
Guatemala and Hamburg expositions.
PLANS TO PUT
THE IDLE TO WORK
The Proposed Boulevard
May Be Pushed to
Completion.
The "Pingree Plan" May Be
Inaugurated as a More Per
manent Relief Measure.
The Mining Bureau to Ba Cilied Upon
to Set M.-n Up in Placer
Mining.
More plans were suggested for the relief
of the unemployed at the meeting of the
committee of "experts," as the Mayor
called them, held yesterday in his office.
The one directed at immediate relief
was for the building at once of the long
contemplated boulevard through ex-
Mayor Sutro's and the Spring Valley
Water Company's land, connecting with
the park and ocean drive.
The second, directed at more lasting re
sults, for the benefit of married men and
particularly residents, was for the inaug
uration of the "Pingree system" of farm
ing or gardening the unproductive laud
within the City.
The third was a suggestion of Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald — to get those
who can and will to placer mining.
It was distinctly stated that the unem
ployed did not want charity. Mrs. Flint
declared that the people for whose relief
this movement was started avoided the
cilice of ttie Associated Charities because
it was a benevolent institution.
Commissioner Fitzgerald said that there
were Mowoutof employment more worthy
people — mechanics, trauespeople and la-
Dorers — than at any time previously. He
thought the number of unemployed would
reach 10,000. Of the 1800 painters in the
City fully two-thirds vere seeking eru- j
ployment. The same was true of the car- j
penters and other trades. These people
were suffering and were willing to accept
any employment. They were, however,
even in their starving condition, very
loyal, and would not take the places of |
laborers, even if offered. On this prin
ciple, also, they would not labor for less
than $2 per day, as they understood that
was the current rate for such employ
ment, and would not cut under it.
Mr. AY heeler suggested the boulevard
plan of setting these men to work. He
said that Mr. Sutro and the Spring Valley
Company had agreed to give land for the
extension of the boulevard, and he j
thought that $20,0C0 could easily be raised j
for the work, and that, as the improve- |
ment was extremely desirabie, had been
much talked about and vras popular, no
time need be lost.
The boulevard committee, or those sug
gested to compose it, are Con O'Connor,
Harold Wueeler, J. J. McCord, Adolph
Suiro, Herman tfchussler, Daniel Meyer,
James Ccnwell, Judge Frank Kerriean,
A. B. Spreckels and F. W. Dohrmann.
Mayor Phelan himself suggested the
"Pingree plan." He had telegraphed
Governor l'ingree for the latest informa
tion relative to it, and had received reply
that it was contained in his eighth annual
message, which he had placed in the mails
to his address. The plan consisted in se
curing from the owners the right to use
lands that were otherwise unproductive,
and allowing the unemployed to cultivate
them. A large body of land would be
necessary, and that within walking dis
tance of the heart of the town. Carfare
would eat into tbe margin. The plan is
in successful operation in New York, and
Major Winchell said it has practically
solved the problem or the unemployed in
Michigan — Governor Pingree's State.
The names selected to lorm a commit
tee to carry this plan out were Professor
Wickson, Alfred Holman, E. F. Adams
and Corumiss. oner Fitzgerald.
As to the placer mining plan, Commis
sioner Fitzgerald said that no less than
10,000 Chinese were engagfd in the indus
try, and that they sent annually to the
Mint over $300, 000 in gold. It was pro
posed by law to prevent aliens from min
ing on Government lands, upon which
most of the Chinese were engaged. Ha
thought the Mining Bureau would inter
XEisr to-day:
Of course we don't expect,
you to like Schilling Best.
Oolong if your usual tea is
Japan.
If you have made the
mistake of getting the
wrong flavor, go to the
grocer, get your money
back, and try the one you're
used to.
A Schilling & Company
San Franricm f,r<\
HEW 10-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
v3c>lL-* y& I — -^ — *■
TRiCDLAnJV.:R.GOTTIOB* q>- u«tJA.nsf««»«Wi-"" ? ' '.
TIMK IS DRAWING NEAR'
CHARLES HOPPER
A. id Hit *. lever ( ompanv in
"OKCIMMIEI IP.A.DDEJISr!"
Every Member of the Original Company and
All the Faultless Stage Effects.
NEXT MONDAY FANNY KICK
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Thursday Afternoon, Feb. 1 8, at 3:30,
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT!
55 MUSICIANS
. Directed by GUsIAV HINRICHS.
TWO OKKAT XOVKLTiES !
Suite for Strings, Including Harp, '-i.ov<» Stories, •'
by Krug. Ithapsodle Espagnol. K. Chabrier.
Heats Now on sale — 50c and 31. ,
DACING! RACING! RACING:
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday. Feb. 8, to Feb. 20, Inclusive,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, .Friday and Saturday.
Katn or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
— Races Start at «:15 P. M. Sharp — .
Ferry Boats l*ave i'an Francisco at 12 it. anl
12:30. ] .00, 1:30, 3:00, 2 :30 and 3 p. M.. connect-
ins with trains stopping at tbe entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to !>bell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15 aal
4:46 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS v. WILLIAMS JK* President.
R. B. MILROY. secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. U. to 6 c. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, .Including Admission— Adults
25c, Children :i>r.
General Admission, lOo ; Children, sc.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
Grand Matinee I his Afternoon,
At 3 o'clock.
"The City of the Great Kin,'; or The Shrines of
Jerusalem."
By HASKEII SMITH. M. A,
TTEXT TO-DAY.
' j& "Pretty
/?J Mill
m 2% rill
, ' V says
, I Pretty
«sebp/;. Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
est itself in this matter and that a very
considerable number of men could be sent
out in this way. The Mining Bureau had
three deputies out, and from them in
formation as to lccation could be secured.
The men could not, of course, do any pros
pecting. It was determined to enlist C.
G. Yale of the Mining Bureau in this
plan.
Mayor Phelan will consult with the
members of these rommittees to-day.
The Mayor is ex-officio member of all the
committees named.
Hampton Court I'alace.
The absurdity of the claims of Mrs. de 1*
Montanya of this City to Hampton Court
Palace, near London, England, has been
demonstrated on all sides. It appears that
the palace and park adjoining be.ong to the
crown of England, equally with Windsor
Castle, Buckingham Palace, etc. Xo claims
on the Dart of any private individual could
I ossibly stand in the face of the present crown
title.
JTEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
At Haymak & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT AM» ALL THIS IVEKK.
And Mon., Tues. and Wed. l-.vouiiu'-i Next Week,
TWO MA riNEBS
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OUR, LITTLE"
CINDERELLA
COMPANY.
Introducing a galaxy of Child Actors and Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENERY, COSTUMES. EFFECTS.
Prices, «5e to SI.OO.
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c.
Of EXTRA
February '45, 26, 27 and 28,
SOUSA'S
CONCERT BAND.
FIFTY MUSICIANS.
JOHN PHILIP bOUSA Conductor
Assisted by
Mrs. Elizabeth Northrop (Soprano),
Miss Martina Johnstono (Violinist).
Seats on sale ilonday, February 82d.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHayxan & Co. (Incorporated) Propcta;ii:i
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAY),
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
••MY LORD AND SOMK LADIES"
Saturday Night (by Request),
JUT-iIUS CAESAR-
Sunday Night OTHELLO
3 WEEKS, MAT. SATURDAY ONLY.
JAMES A. HERNE
as NATHANIEL BERRY in
Direction HENRY C MINER.
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS3
UR3.KBXKSTrxK Ksei.ix.l. Proprietor & Manager
LAST TIMES
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES!
THE UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE "WONDERFUL LAMP.
EVERY EVENING
JBS- AT 8 _fijr
NFXT WEEK
: OR/AND DOUBLE BTXjIj !
"PATIENCE"— "GALATEA."
The Best All- Around Opera Company In
This Country.
Popular Prices — 25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER iIOROSCO. ..Sols Lessee and Manaja;
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
of the Thrilling Comedy-Drama,
OUT IN THE STREETS!
By S. N. Wood, Author of "Orobans of New
York" and Other Great Successes.
A PLAY FULL OF KXCITEMENT!
Many New People-! All New Scenery!
Wonderful River of Fire!
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
Kvcnlns Priced— 100. ~->o and "i >i.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER STUPENDOUS BILL.
THE FINNKYS. Champion swimmers; HAVES,
LVTTON & IIAYKH, In "Camiile Up to Date."
THE PANTZERS, Funny Demons: THE
KE\FOS, Aerial Artists; the GRAND
OPERA QUARIET, GriLLK,
ABBAUOFf, Miss Cottf. and Miss
Bush, and Numerous Novelties.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seas, 60c.
Concerts by the Royal Huncarian Court Or-
chestra Immediately after the evening perform-
ance In the Orpbeum Annex.
■ ■ g% a ■» m m% i Another Record-breaker!
la I iU/fIK A Packed House Again
HfaUflfafUli Last Night!
SARDOU'S GREATEST COMEDY,
A^CjIAP OF PAPEiH
Everybody Delighied! So Don't Miss It!
HUGO TOLAND, J. B. POLK and the Entire Co.
Our Regular Prices!
Telephone for seats— BlacK 991.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON.
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL!
YEREIN EINTRACHT.
Saturday, February 20, 1897.
350 Costumed People in Grand March. Five
Beauilfnl Tableaux five Divisions. Twenty-five
Lady Amazons. (.round and ladder Pyramids by
24 Athlete* Grand Klectric Calcjuin Light
Effects. Prizes to the value of $500 will be dis
trlbuted. Reception Concert from Bto 9 p- m.
ADMISSION, ONE DOLLAR.
. Reserved Seats 50c extra.
GOLDSTEIN & COIIN, 822 -Market street.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND KVEMNG
BUSCH. the Golden Vampire, BRESINO, Wire
Walker, the ANIMaTOSCOPE and
a Host 01 Attractions at Night. -■
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5«
78
DELYANNIS SOON
TO BE NOTIFIED
The Greek Premier Will
Be Told of the Move
ment Here.
News of the Capture of Fort
Aghai Received With
Enthusiasm.
Cbicago and New York Said to Be
Able to Raise a Company of
Three Thousand.
The news of the capture of Fort j
Aghai, by the Greek troops. an
nounced in yesterday morning's dis- i
patches, served to intensify the feeling of i
patriotic enthusiasm which ihe iirst inti- j
mation of hostilities promoted amonir the ;
local colony. The fact that the mother coun- i
try had the courage to assert herself de
spite the menace of the great powers rvns
in itself a source of profound satisfaction
to those who were able to recall as a ter
rible tradition the era of her subjugation
to Ottoman tyranny; the additional intel- ;
ligence of a Greek victory ever her former j
rersecutors and the capture of 400 Mussul
man prisoners justified the pride of birth,
which, in the face of serious reverses, has
rarely been absent from the character of
the true Greek.
"The news created a sensation," said M.
D. Vanaives yesterday, "and some ot the
more excitable have been almost unable to
restrain their feelings. It will stimulate
us in our efforts to assist the mother coun
try in every possible way. The Helienic
fcociety wiil probably lose no time in com
municating the intention of the Greeks
here to Premier Delyannis, but this will
not be doae until our arrancements are
complete. We also expect to hear ;ram
our countrymen all over the Pacitic Coast.
I have j".w received a letter from J. Pros
cos, one of tL>e foremost promoters O[ the
movement in Cincaso. in which he says
ih.it the enthusiasm there is general and
that the majority of his countrymen have
expressed their willingness to form part
of a military company sliou;a the neces
sity arise. The editor of the Atlantis,
lhe only Greek paper in New York and in
America, i^as written to the same t-ffect.
.tie tells me that the fund is increasing
daily. He is a very able man and will
shortly issue his paper daily instead ol
weekly. He estimates that New York
md Chicago together can rai-c an arratii
body of two or three thousand Greeks."
Tne uccomnanyinz portraits show six of
the most acting members of the Hellenic
Society, who are chiefly responsible for
the patriotic movement la this City. Of
these gentlemen C. Demetrak is the pres
ent p resident of the society and both
Xusta ana Vanvales have heid that rion
i.rable office in the past, the latter having
been twice elected. The entire six enjoy
the advantage of military training in the
Greek army and are. therefore, qualified
to engineer a movement of this Kind.
Most of ttiem, too, attained the rank of
officer during their term of service, and
though they do not pretend to say that
they have ever seriously attempted in the
past "to fright the souls of fearful adver
saries." yet if tbe latter chance to be
Turks, they will seek an early opportu
nity of enjoying that distinction.
P. T. Vrettos P. Pandanzes and N. P.
Damlanakis are ail three energetic mem
bers of tho society and are working hard
to insure the success of Sunday's biiique t
and the forthcoming National bah at the
Druids' Hall on Sutter street. In addi
tion to the foregoing, the following gen
tlemen are busily engaged in collating
funds and taking the names of military
volunteers: G. Fundas, A. Pappageor-e,
P. Carvoone*. E. Kocinos, D. Chicures, M.
Bacapulos, P. Papadimos, J. Chrisoverry,
A. Fundas, A. Simacapulo?, P. Ohicures,
J. Bardeles, A. Kinanopulos, J. D. John
son, D. Samios, with many others.
The Hellenic Mutual Benevolent So
ciety, to which all these gentlemen be
long, was organized in 1892 by D. G. Cam
arinos, its first iiresident, with a member
ship of twenty-five, which has since in
creased to 175. It has interested itself in
the Cretan movement from the start and
will raise a separate fund amonir it* own
members in addition to outside subscrip
tions and the receipts realized from the
forthcorcinu banquet ;<.nd ball.
Children Will Piny.
Miss Hattie Nathan, the dramatic reader, is
engaged fn rehearsing 300 children for a fairy
play to be produced at the Tivoli Opera-house
Sunday afternoon, March 14, for Uie benefit of
the Bush-street Tempo. Among the artists to
appear will be the Centennial minstre:s, the
Schies9inger quartet, Rosine D'Knnery and
Miss Nathan in Her latest, Eastern novelty of
reciting tougs.
The average residue of ashes left after
the cremation of ihe human body amounts
to only 8 ounces.
The Bay Was Alive With Seagulls Yesterday. Thousands of Them Went Out With the Tide and
Thousands More Hovered Around the Ships in the Eay. Master Mariners Say the Indi
cations Are for Fair Weather.
THE SEAGULLS
TOOK POSSESSION
They Swooped Down on
the Bay in Great
Flocks,
Thousands of Them Kept Watch
Around the Different
Ships.
Arrival of the Stesmer Australia
From Honclu v With Many
Passengars
Seagulis took possession of the bay
yesterday afternoon. The wind wat low
and the tide was ebbing fast, and in con
sequence all the offal from Butchertown
was hurrying oceanward.
"The jackals of the bay" were quickly
in evidence and from Folsom to Lombard
street the fairway was thick with them.
An approaching ferry steamer only raised
them for a second and then they circled
down aeain and le&umed their duties as
scavengers.
They made a pretty picture fluttering
around the C. D. Bryant. Olivebank and
Martha Davis yesterday as the shijs
swung with the tide off the ferry depot.
Lieutenunt-Commander Turner of the
Naval Battalion is out and injured to the
extent of three drinks. He made a bet
that he was the "youngest native son that
ever took a vessel across the bar." Cap
tain C. Miner Goodall and Captain E. A.
yon fcchmidt at once took up the wager.
Both of the latter gentlemen Could Drove
;hat they had been masters In good stand
ing in tbe '70's, but Turner couid go back
to '69. Then there was an inquiry, be
cause the beaten men did not like to be
beaten, and it was finally decided that
Captain Turner was not a native sou.
According to Captains yon Schmidt and
Ooudali the lieutenant-commander of the
Naval Battalion was born in Pittsburg
and was three months old when he arrived
in California.
It is now a standoff as to whetoer Good
all or Yon Schmidt has the honor oi being
the tirst native son commander who took
i a steamer across the bar that guards the
' Golden Gate.
The steamer Australia got in from the i
islands yesterday.
A batch of news from the sealing ti?et '
was received yesterday. The Luisa I) |
has a new second mate. Captain ".Sam" j
Butters had some trouble *with George I
Ball, and the latter was paid off and i
landed at Santa Barbara. As his allow- '
a nee barely covered his advance and the |
debt due the slop-chest lie wa« almost ;
penniless when he struck the beach. A :
new second mate was shipped, and the i
schooner is again chasing seals in the
Santa Barbara channel.
The Rattler was sDokeu "s-hen tnirty !
miles from Point Reyes. At that time she
had 140 skins and the captain said the
prospects were excellent.
The Eopinger, Captain White, was also \
reported in the t^wita Barbara channel I
with 636 skins. Captain Wiiite reports!
that seals were very plentiful, but that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
weather was so rough that it was almost
impossible to lower a boat.
The Kato and Ann had on last report
153 skins and the captain signaled that
all on boar 1 were will.
The new steamer lleiene has the follow
ing notice in every room on the ship:
"Xo'.ice — All persons are cautioned against
carrying opium aboard ihi3 vessel, and
also against having t'.e article in the.r
possession. Any one breaking this rule
will t.e handed over to the proper authori
ties."
The significance of this warning is'plani
when it is known that opium is worth $50
a pound ia Honolulu.
LABOR'S MASS-MEETING.
The Convention Arranges to Hold n Big
Demonstration at Metropolitan
Temple.
An adjourned meeting of the Labor
convention w:\s held last evening at 917
Market street, headquarters of the Labor
Bureau.
A report from the committee on the
proposed mas.'-meetlng was received and
approved. The meeting was arranged to
beheld next Thursday evening at Metro
politan Tempie. J. Rose will preside and
W. Mac Arthur, J. H. Barry, J. Lafayette
and P. H. McCarthy will mrske addresses.
The speakers will be required to confine
themselves to a discussion oi the necessity
and benefit of tho labor bills now defeated
a! Sacramento by partisan action.
The following resolution was offered by
Delegate McDerniott and unanimously
adopted:
WHBRXAS, Th« question of prison labor nnd
its encroachment* <>n free labor should receive
the attention of this Congress without further
delay; therefore bj it
Resolved, That we are in favor of submitting
to the voters oi this State a constitutional
amendment to be voted on ft t tbe next gen
eral election fcbolishini: prison laoor wtien
rnch comes in competition with lrei- labor
ami providing that convicts be compelled to
work by hand, thereby aiscon 'Inuing the use
ol niHchinery; and belt farther
Retotvtd, That a committee of five be ap
pointed to carry out the wtaii of this meeting !
should the foregoing be approved.
The resolution will be sent to some
mem her of the Legislature to be intro
duced for passage.
DIED AWAY PEOM HOME
Miss Maurer'n F ital Visit to the Ha-
iraiiau 1«'.;i..<l .
There was a sad scene on Pacific-street
wharf yesterday. Hundreds of people were
down to meet their friends, and among
them was a lather, who looked from face
to face of those grouped a;ong the railing,
in the hopes that he would .«ee a loved
one. His disappointment was g>-eat when
no familiar form appeared, and he got
angry with the customs officer when the
order was given to kpep off the gangway.
Burning with impatience be fumed and
(retted, but later on he learned tint his
daughter was aooard but in her coffin.
During her holiday trip the young
woman had died, and all that came back
to the expectant father na< the corpse.
Fred Maurer is the father o! the young
lady, and it was he who swooned nway
yesterday when he saw a cofiin insteud oi
his daughter. Mis»s Maurer left here with
her aunt for a holiday in Hawaii last
month. While away she was taken with
some throat trouble ancJ, in spite of all
the can- that could be given her, she died.
Her holiday was up and the Australia
was to have brought her home yesterday.
Instead death stepped in and the father
received the body only. The spirit had
flown.
An ii'ioinji,.j- i«.. Mother.
Charles P. Welch, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, hes
applied for letters of guardianship over the
person of Jennie Tobin, 12 yr-ars of age He
reprssents that Mrs. Nellie Tobin, the child's
mother, is Intemperate and an unfit person
to have the custody of said minor.
LONDON COIN FOR
MARIPOSA MINES
An English Syndicate Buys
Land of Alvinza
Hayward.
One-Sixth of Historic Mariposa
Grant Goes to For
eigners.
First Actual Transfer of the Prop
erty in M^ny Years— sl66,666 2 3
the Price.
Alvinza Hayward has sold to an Eng
lish syndicate a one-sixth interest in the
celebrated Mariposa grant.
The sale was consummated Monday.
The amount paid was $1/',G.6G6 G6%, which
would indicate that the whole estate, con
trary to numerous wild guesses hazarded
by newspapers during the last decade, is
estimated by one of its owners to be worth
not more than $1,000,000.
This is the first actual sale that has been
made of any of the property since 1887,
notwithstanding repeated rumors of trans
fers for larc;e sums of money.
The California Exploration Company is
the pnrcbaser. Its representative, H.
Bratnober, consummated the deal. He is
the man who for the same company
bought the weil-known Elfchorn mine
that proved a vuritable bonanza to the
London investors, while it brought Brat
nober prominently before the public as a
promoter of mining.
This introduction of Enplish capital into
California is considered significant by Mr.
Hayward. He remarked last ni^ht that
lie thinks it aupurs well for the State. It
may be only a beginning on the part of
London capitalists seekine mining invest
ments here.
The Muriposa grant has an interesting
his'ory. The property itself includes
about 45,000 acres of mineral, timber and
■ agricultural land. About ei^ht mile 3of
| the famous "mother lode" runs through
lit. There is abundance of water for mo
tive power. Durine the old mining days
the Aqua Fria, the Josephine, tho Pine
Tree, the Mexicnn, the Princeton, the
j Mount Ophir, the Mariposa and other
I mines were worked out upon the grant by
I imperfect methods then in use.
General John C. Fremont, "the Path
finder of tlie llocKy fountains," was the
original owner by virtue of a grant mndf
to him by the old Spanish Government of
California. He developed several mines.
1 The Aqua Fria, the firsr gold mine sold
ab r oad, he disposed ot to Lundon capital
ists, who in 1851 put up a six-stamp mill
on the property. In 1872 Fremont, em
t>arrusseci financially, sold the grant to
Eucene Kelly & Co. of New York, and
they spent a fortune during years of liti-
I gation before they cleared up the title to
I tnp grant.
Next the grant was sold to n California
syndicate consisting of Atvinzn Hay ward,
John W. ilackay, W. S. Hobart, J. L.
l\oo»l nnd J. P. Jones. The Flood inter
est has sinco bten absorbed by the other
owner*, who now control the property
jointly with the London syndicate that
has just bought in.
BOBBEEY AT THE HIGH SCHOOL
Four Young Ladies .Lose Small Sums of
Money.
Email sums ol money, ranging from 25
cents to $1 25, were stolen last Monday
from the satchels of four junior pupils
attending the Girls' High School, come%
of Scott and Geary streets.
The young ladies reported the loss of
their money to the principal, Eliaha
Brooks, on Tuesday morning. They
stated that they had left their satchels,
containing their purses, in an empty
classroom and returned to find the purses
missinu'. Mr. Brooks say* he feels pretty
sure the petty theit was committed by
one of the pupils. "Amon>:sso scholars,"
he said, "there ennnot tail to be a tew
clack sheep." He proposes to lay a trap
for the culprit, but hardly expects to suc
ceed. Much the same tiling Happened a
year ago and a detective was called in,
but he could do nothing.
<junck«M>bu«h Casis on Argument.
In Judge Seawell's court to-day the cases of
Quackenbush against Quackenbusn and
Quackeubu-h acaiust Abboit will be argued
by Attorneys Arthur Rodgers, E. J. Pringle,
E. S. Heller and \\. W. Footc. This litigation
continues to attract the attention of aged
men aud women, who appear to take a deep
interest In the attempt of Mrs. Abbott-Quack
enbush to Drove that she is the wiie of the
venerable capltslist and ihst she is en titled o
$500 h mouth lor permanent support. His
property consists ot rtui estate, ana is esti
mated to be worth #750 000
Hit With s Hammer.
Howard Smith, a carpenter, was working in
the restauraut at 7 Ninth street yesterday aft
ternoon, when the cook, Chris Haugaani. m
teutionnlly or accidentally spilled some water
over his tool*. They hud some words, and
Smith struck tho cook on the forehead with a
hammer, knocki: k him agßinst a table. De
tectives (itbson and Wren were in the restau
rant at the time, and the,- arrested Smith for
assauU with a deadly weapon
Waiting: for AVltnensee.
Nashville Grant, the negro sailor who tried
to kill Captain Killmnn of the American bark
Topgallant while on a recent vo-agc from
Port 'lownsend to Australia, was "up before
United States Commi«sio«>er Hcscock yester
day for examination, but his case went over
until the vessel retuins to this port with the
witnesses to the assault. Urani was sent to
the Alameda County jail.
WHEELMEN IN
A FERMENT
Secession Is Being Urged
by Some of the Local
Clubs.
Late News From Chicago Seems
to Indicate a League
Boycott.
Professional Racing an! Racers Form
a Potent Factor in the Con
troversy.
A spirit of disquietude prevails among
the wheelmen of the Northern Division of
this State over the action of the League of
American Wheelmen at its National con
vention, which has just closed its session
in Albany, N. Y.
The delegates from this jurisdiction,
Chief Consul Frank H. Kerrigan and R.
M. Welch, were instructed by tbeir repre
sentatives to secure if possible local on
tion. This meant that each division
tihould have the right to race on Sunday
if it saw fit or as might be determined by
the division council at its meetings.
This privilege was denied by the Na
NEW TO-DAY.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPSC !ii buyers
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
WITH Cl l PURCHASE WITH 4Q Q PURCHASE
EACH Hi I TEAS ' EACH i SKa TEASj
Hfli I COFFEES, i COFFEES,
ww' spices, ■■ spices,
FRFF Any of Following rnrr Any of Following
1 I\LL Articles: I I\LL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor.
1 Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.,
1 Oyster Bowl, Decorated. 1 Rose Bowl, Fancy.
1 Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
1 Pitcher, Majolica. 1 Cake Stand, on Foot.
1 Berry Dish. 1 Butter Dish, Large.
1 Butter Dish. 1 Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
1 Oat Meal Set. 1 Candy or Nut Dish.
1 Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
1 Cream Pitcher, Fancy. 1 Celery Stand.
1 Bohemian Flower Holder. 1 Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
1 China Preserve Dish. 1 Bohemian Fern Vase.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
1 Spoon Holder. . 1 Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. 1 Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. \ 1 Fancy Shaving Mug.
1 Colored Vase. 1 Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated.
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed.
1 Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. 1 Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. 1 Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. 1 Sugar Bowl.
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. 1 Berry Set.
1 Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. 1 Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
1 Dairy Pan. 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. 1 Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. . 6 Table Knives.
1 Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks. '
1 Coffee Pot. 1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - ■ 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
100 STORES  „
I * * Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKIANn.
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. ,053 W^innf™ «♦ *
140 Sixth Street. 2008 Rllmore Street. msi P^olo 2. Street -
-617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street *L r ♦ ? § Avenue. ♦
521 Street Avenue. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 9,7 Al AM?ni $
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. juamHia
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. ,355 Part £eet.
HEADQUARTERS-SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
tional body by a vote of 161 against 77,
and this is what stirred up considerable
feeling in the breasts of the wheelmen in
this City.
There is much talk of secession from the
league, and this reason is among those ad
vanced:
Professional riders are debarred from
membership in the league, and ye: are
made subject to its rules. This they con
sider is unfair. Although they have
yieided obedience to those rules, still they
are ready to revolt, and consider this an
opportune time to agitnte their grievance
in the hope that by a split they may come
in for batter terms.
California having two divisions — the
northern and the southern — is unfortu
nately divided in itself on the iocal option
question, as can be seen by the following
resolution :
At a regular meeting of the Board ot Officers
of the South California Division, L. A. W.,
held December 9. 1896, the following resolu
tion whs unanimously adopted :
Resolved, That it be the sense of this Board
of tne South California Division, L. A. W., that
the leacue do not grant divisions the option
ot Sunday racing, and that our delegate to the
National Assembly be so instructed. Also
that this resolution be published iv the official
organ.
This action on the part of the south was
considered by the San Francisco clubs to
be unfortunate, aa it divided the State
vote and encouraged the opponents of
Sunday racing.
Nothing positive will b« dona by the
local clubs, however, until the return of
Delegates Kerrigan and Welch, after
which a division counc 1 will be called and
a consensus of opinion of the delegates
sought in favor of seceding, with a proba
bility of forming a Western League, which
wil! be independent of the East. This
idea has trained strength by the action of
the professional riders in Chicago who have
started a boycott on the league meet which
i* to be held in Philadelphia in August.
From this it is thought that a rival league
with the interests of the professionals at
heart is likfcly to be the result.
Fnlly one-tnird of the land in Great
Britain is owned by members of the House
of Lords.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WEAK MEN
WEAK BACKS.
U/qoL- JVl*»ti— Those suffering from
Weak men Nervous Debility, the
symptoms of which are dull, distressed
mind, flushes of heat, depression of spirits,
evil forebodings, cowardice, fear, drevms,
melancholy, lack of enertry, low vitality,
confusion of ideas, lost manhood, wasted
powers, co:istipation,woaknes3 oi the limbs
and feeling t'.re.l in the morning, as well
as tho<je troubled with Be::iinni weakness,
which is wrecking the lives of many, the
symptoms of which are languor, dullness,
loss of ambit on, wandering mind, palpita-
tion of the heart, bad dreams, with noo-
turnal discharges, should consult
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Whose Reputation Is KatablUhed by
Ten Years of Unparalleled Success
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco
Rark"« Rre an unmistasabla
" CdIV Dcli-IVS Fl?rn of disease( kid .
neys. Does your buck ache ? Do you have
sediment or brick dust deposit in the urine?
Do you urinate frequently? Have you
weakness of the generative organs, partial
or total impotency? If you have any of these
> symptoms you have diseased kidneys. To
neglect these troubles means to you dia-
betes or Bright's disease and a premature
grave. DR. SWEANY invariably cures
these diseases.
YoUflO" Men If rou hßve Indulged
lUUIIg men, in earl} . indiscretions
and as a consequence have emissions, ex-
hausting drains, pimples, bashfulness,
aversion to society, a tired, stupid, Bloomy
feeling and failing of memory, lack of
vigor, absolutely unfittine you for study,
business or marriage, do not neglect your-
self until too late. Do not allow false pride
and sham modesty to deter you in seeking
immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
Va rifnr'Af p» Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula,
rctrilUCeie, Shrunken Organs, Swell-
ines and tenderness of the organs and,
glands treated with unfailing success.
Difntiti*f> New method, sure cure, pain-
I^upiuic. less treatment, no detention
from work, no experiments, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent cure.
Priv^tP Diseases, Gleet, Gonorrhoea,
rlivnlc T-'iidernecs, Swelling, Conta-
gious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
cured without pain or detention from,
business.
I arfioc vill receive special and careful
L<auu3 treatment for all their many ail-
ments.
Writ- <=» if awny from the city, as DOCTOR
Write SWEAXY has a system of home
treatment that is entirely his own. Thou-
sands are cured at home. Book, "Guide
■ to Health," a treatise on all the organs and
their diseases, free on application. Strictest
confidence observed.
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street
T.HE
WEEKLY
071 LL
/
I It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THB
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
Fair and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
It's the Paper to Send East if
You Want to Advertise
California.
°\ The Best \ /Mining
©< Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on /N. Is Accurate
c^ The Coast / \& up to data
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°V it Dry or Uninteresting.
**j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE*
J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
O( Thoughtful. • Truth.
3
C< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
eJ ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°< HOME MAIL, $1.5©
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
gggßjSjDß. HILL'S REISYIGOH.4TO
■Ug"*nHß Hve luinJruJ rewar.l lor any cns>u-j
Bf"* 8859 ci.nnbt euro. Tills SECKKT KEM.
H ft KuY stopi all losses In ill hoars,
ffiSl Era* cares K missions, Jmpotencr, Varico>
[W!l W*|l «Ip. Uonorrbusa, Oleec. Fits, Stria- ■
UUJ LLjll m r Blood Di.ieaso aril all wa*tlai
ftHS ESS effects ot >elf-AbnsB or iiscejiOi.
KWkrwWQ «-nt i^ealeil. $2 per bo;tli>. THiltiJ
BOTTLES, 55: cuarante>>d to cnr« any caja.
hiL HALL'S MKUICAL iXSTITI/lifi,
t>o'j Broadway, Oakland. ua:. .
All prlv a t« aiaea^tM uulucly cur»o. Q«n<l tar
me book. - ■ ■ .
f__fifi_B6SJ__>>JJi Vi " 5* is a a °n-roi8onon«
«Cd___P S3B^feEfl , m * dy _, for Goaorrhcca!
_dK3_y Cf KEß^flSa Jc.'r etl Spermatorrhoea!
Ft&Via 1 to s .iayi.^S lutes, unnatural <iis!
fcjaff Go»rtnKcd f£ charges, or any inflamma-
BCiV oft is itrtcinre. tion, irritation or ulccra-
>»--<Prev«nts eoou«io_ tion of mucous mem-
|7o«THEEvJINSCHEmCHCO. "lanes. Non-astringen-.
Vg&ciNGiNNATi.o Sold by I>ruirci«tr,
U.S.A. _BDr ? r Bent in lain wrppe'-.
AjSgrajaJ^OH 3 fcottlea. $.7\.
■vtSaZSkstrv m Ciicular teat or, 5; laatftBOARD OF SUPERVISORS MAY
SECURE EXPERT ASSISTANCE
Expert Accountants and Engineers Will Be Employed
in the Water Rates Investigation if It
Be Necessary.
Dr. Clinton Moved to This Effect
:. ; at Last Evening's
Session.
INQUIRY WILL BE RESUMED ON
TUESDAY.
Dr. Rottanzi Strongly Opposed Ad
/•journment, but Was Defeated
on Division.
The Board of Supervisors assembled
' last night for the prospective purpose of
resuming the water rates investigation in
: committee of the whole, but a move on
lie part of Supervisor Clinton, tb.B chair
.man of the committee, led to a postpone
ment until next Tuesday evening at 7:30
. ° O'clock-.
.' J. 1 the Supervisors were present, to
.•-frailier with Attorney Kellogg and Chief
, EiVcineer Schussler, when Supervisor
i_iin'on rose to his feet, and everybody
•awaited a formal motion to go into com
: mittee of the whole. But this was not
. ;t 6- ba. '
•:. '"I -would like to ask," said Dr. Clinton,
. '/if.the Spring Valley Water Company has
: yet filed in the office of this board its an
.•'"swers-to the questions asked them on the
..:3d. inst by letter from the chairman of the
'•Water Comrair.ee. I refer to the detailed
.-statement?"
' • "Mr. Clerk," said the Mayor, "has such
• a statement been furnished?"
.7 'No reports have been filed by the com
.. pany except the reports received at the
last meeting," replied Clert Russell. "I
cc-mmunicated with them alter the last
•.meeting in accordance with the instruc
tions of the board."
.'.'Dr. Clinton— Has the company a repre
sentative here to furnish us with that in
formation ?
• VWp.ara furnishing that information
.'irgni tixe to time as you require it," said
Mr. Kellogg. "I did not suppose you
could, take it at any one session."
• "A request was made," said Mayor
.Phelan, "for a written itemized detailed
statement as to stock and bonds and the
.roster of the company's employes, their
duties and compensation."
"- "I understood," rejoined Mr. Kellogg,
"that the motion with regard to that was
. postponed until this evening. We filed
' aH that was possible under the circum-
. •stances."'
. ... The clerk was instructed to read the
Wa*er. Committee's communication of
: ' t.'io 3d in--t.
. ."•Now," resumed Dr. Clinton when that
Ceremony was over, "I want to know if
•'■ t/wft information is available.''
•£,-."A. portion is," said Mr. Kellogg.
• > .'here will be enough information to
"■'. co.py the entire session."
•; o Dr. Clinton — I contend that in order to
• ii'x;the rates intelligently this board re
.. quirts a.detailed written answer to these
• .question?. The company has bad amp.
.time' to comply with our request. I say it
'. w-ilHall due respect to the company that
"its,\p'olicy is one of evasion and not one of
strict honesty. There is no disposition on
• 1 r t:e art of members of this board to im
"'r.ose'hardship upon the Spring Valley
Water Works. We want to be just to
■ "thjem and to our own consciences. I say
.that in the absence of this informa
tion this board is not prepared to
] r.oceed wiih this investigation, and since
the' company has failed to comply with
the-law, fail.cd to comply with our demand
.' — bur legal demand — for this information,
" "we; are compelled to adopt other means
oigetting at it. I therefore move that
-t.n.is board be empowered to employ if
-.necessary an expert accountant to expert
' the 1 . .books of the Spring Valley Writer
■ 'Worse?, and also that the s-ame power be
given to the board to employ if necessary
.an expert engineer or corps of engineers
to investigate and examine and report
■ cpQ-n the present condition of the works;
t;-je sources of supply and the daily supply
fpouv.said sources by gravitation; the
. ampufH of water that can be supplied by
. -pumping; the condition and valuation of
t::e primping works, and such other in
. rmafion as we may require. I offer that
•as a motion. 1 '
'■ "I rise," cried Dr. Rottanzi, "to a point
• order. I believe it is impossible to pro
• ce«d in such a manner. The law states
"•that all information must be given by
•statements signed by the president and
■fr<eretar.v, and that we must deal mirania
. t; y with them otherwise." Here Dr. Rot
t;u • took up a bulky volume lrom a pile
• i^l'icnt of him, and, turning to the legis
. lanlXe act of Marc i 2, 1881, he quoted
the- -provision,' which sets forth that
-. -fuy Board of Supervisors failinc to ob
■■• :Ve us duties as described by this act
; shall -be guilty of malfeasance in office.
"' 1 -Hie com parry," he continued, "must give
'• us these .detailed statements. If they do
. ii«; they are euilty of a misdemeanor, ac
cording to another section in this very ar
ticle.' i think that we should proceed
with this.investigation and find out every
" thing, and if they do not comply with our
" wishes; we must deal with them summa
rily, according to law."
• "It- doee not fellow," said Dr. Clinton,
!'t)ia,t if this information is supplied we
• must.accept it, and for that reason I have
ft\&ed for power to employ these expert?."
•"I second the motion," said Dr. Dodge,
. briefly.'
• ''Supervisor Rottanzi has made a point
• b-f 'order,*. 1 observed the Mayor, who then
quo'eo. the section empowering the board
•to fix. the water rates annually. "Your
contention, doctor, is," he continued,
.."'baa in the event of the company failing
' ' to lurnish the statements required by law
your only remedy is to prosecute them for
•misdemeanor?"
"That," replied Rottanzi, "is what I
consider to be our duty."
. "I know just as well as Dr. Rottanz ; ,"
• said Dr. Clinton, "that the company has
• notr o.mpjied with the strict letter of the
lavr"* As I understand ft the last Board of
Supervisors requested this information to
be given in detail. They have absolutely
• failed to do that. I have been waiting as
chairman of the committee to receive this
information. Should we have the j-resi
d.ent-of the company arrested for misde
meanor, and should they then be corn
pelted to supply the information, it does
.notfpllow that we will accept it. I merely (
want power to be given us to employ ex
perts."
"Do you claim," asked the Mayor, turn
ing to Mr. Kello<re\ "that the statement
j supplied the last day of January is a full
I statement, as required by law?"
Mr. Kellogg — It is in compliance with
i section 2 of the act of 1881. We are pre
| pared to-night with the stocks and bonds
! business requested at the last nieetine.
Tne Mayor again looked up the law on
the subject and asked: "Do you contend
; that yonr statement is sucli a statement?"
Mr. Kellogg said it was.
"That," resumed the Mayor, referring;
to the legal enactment, '"is the statement
required bylaw, gentlemen, the company
having had thirty days' notice, and tbia
is the statement they have rendered us in
compliance with the law. Th* interroga
tories sent to the company the other day
are merely the board's interpretation of
what an itemized statement is, and there
is a question now on that very point. Do
you, Dr. Ciinton, persist in your motion ?"'
"I certainly dc," replied that gentle
man. "Inasmuch as the company has
failed ud to tde present to ™ive us the in
formation a<ked on the 3d inst., I move
that we proceed by other means to get
j that Information, and la furtherance of
i that object 1 move that the board be cm
i powered to employ an expert accountant
Ito expert the books of ihe company. 1
i would move later that we adjourn to meet
i again at the call oi tne chairman of the
; committee."
Dr. Rotianzi thought that the investi-
I cation should not cease now, but that
they should try to obtain all the facts and
; proceed in such a manner as to deal justly
: with their constituents.
"I rule," said the Mayor, "that your
; point is not well taken, because Dr. Clin
ton does not suggest tbe abandonment of
j the investigation at all."
Supervisor Britt rose at this juncture.
"1 do not like," he began in stentorian
tone?, "to be accused of ominous silence,
especially when an important question
i lite this is involved. 1 do not propose to
be guided by the judgment of those who
have »or.c over the question in gome dark
] room. I want to learn some good reasons
' and arguments why at this particular time
t:;ere is any necessity for the motion
, offered bythe gentleman from the Eleventh
! Ward. Do 1 understand the representatives
i of the company refused to give the In*
' formation we bare asked of them? I cer
, tainly did not so understand it. If they
are expected to supply us with statements
; to be digested in one night I am opposed
for one to any such action. I have been
interested in the statements made and
the questions asked and 1 feel that the
board up to this time has not gone into
the question fully enough to justify it in
taking any such action. I feel tbaj; the
investigation, should po on this evening
the same as last night. Let us sea if we
can glean something and get borne in
formation.
"Theie ar> soran members of the board
who have not had an opiortunity to go
into all the questions raised be.ore the
committee. Ido not like to be accused of
| not being for fair play, even if I have to
: stand op in my seat ami make the re
marKs I do. I love fair play and have
been broueht Dp : raong people who liked
to give everybody a cliauce. I say tliat at
l least for this evening we should contmus
' as we have and if we find that these gen
' tlenien are not wiilins to give the infor
! matiou desired, then I will favor the
■ motion offered by the gentleman from the
Eleventh Ward. But up to this time I
■ feel that we would not be justified in view
I of what has transpired in taking any such
action.
"I have myself thought that this proba
! bly would be the only intelligent way to
arrive at this question. I believe that
possibly it may be necessary for us to
c elect a corps of engineers, to employ ex
| pert?, if necessary, so that this cfuestion
n:ay be cone into carefully. But I beiieve
> that to-night we should at least hear what
i information these gentlemen have to give.
Question them as before, and then if we
tind tnat their answers are not satis rac
i tory and that there is a desire on their
• part to hide information we can take
| the course suggested. But thi3 should
| not be done in the face of what
| transpired at the last meeting— the
j answers given and tne completion of
the proceedings, wherein the Supervisor
from the Seventh Ward (Dr. Rottauzi)
withdrew that portion of his motion re
ferring to an itemized statement of tbe
wages paid by the company. The board
then adjourned, with the understanding
| that certain information would be fur
nished here. We have corue here to get
that information, and I claim that this
I action is not the proper action to take at
I this time. I have been r ading a good
I deal in the papers about the silence of the
j board and what others had to say, but I
j contend, and I challenge contradiction,
that 1 stand here to-niglit making these
remarks independently ol any suggestions
from any man on earth."
Dr. Rottanzi argued that the condition
of the finances at the present time did not
j justify such an expenditure as would be
: entailed by the motion. If necessary, the
board mifjiit go to that expense, but until
forced to do so he thought it should not
do so, but give the question further con
sideration before the boari itself.
"I second this motion," said Dr. Dodge
again, "because I feel possibly that I have
b«en identified with the spirit of it, and
without understanding the references
made by the member from the Ninth
Ward to back-room caucuses ana uews
paper articles.
"I have taken the stand that it would be
wise to obtain expert counsel to advise
with the board, inasmuch as we are twelve
men inexperienced in the matter and be
cause I am not satisfied with the results
obtained during the last two sessions. I
tlunk the investigation will belong drawn
out if we proceed in this manner. Why
there shouM be any objection to tne ap
pointment of an expert to determine from
his standpoint the cost of the works and
other questions I cannot understand."
Dr. Dodge added that he he-Id in his hand
a pamphlet coniaining extracts from the
proceedings of the board in fixing water
rates in 1894, «nd among these extracts
was tbe report of J. F. I'ope, an expert.
This report, which the speaker quoted,
was of a tenor eminently favorable to the
company, and the speaker presumed that
If the present board could obtain a report
of tbe same nature it might have great
weight in helping to decide tbe question.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
He contended that the question of
expense involved should not, at
this stage of the proceedings, enter
into their calculations; they mu^t
be provided with the necessary facilities,
and as tbe results up to date had not
justified the expenditure of time he was
strongly in favor of making these ap
pointments, and in fact suggested them to
Dr. Clinton before tbe first meeting. He
thought that some of the remarks of the
last speaker had cast aspersions on the
motives of the doctor which were not
warranted by the facts.
"What aspersions have I cast upon the
doctor. 1 would like to know?" queried
Rottanzi. "I think I have spent as much
time as any member in going into this
question. I have, in fact, consumed a
little of the midnight oil. If other mem
bers would rely upon the information con
tained in these books (indicating a formi
dable pile before him) they would be
better informed and would not require an
expert."
Supervisor Britt corrected the last
speaker and assured him that Dr. Dodge
referred to him, Britt. He disclaimed any
intention of casting aspersions upon any
body. He fimply desired the board to
act intelligently.
Dr. Clinton— l wish to say that the mo
tion is to employ experts if necessary. It
does not say we shall employ them.
Supervisor Brut — I did not so under
stand it. Is that so. Mr. Clerk?
Dr. Rottanzi — If necessary, it would be
entirely satisfactory to me.
The official stenographer being appealed
to, he confirmed Dr. Clinton's assertion,
and in the absence of any further objec
tion the motion was carried.
Dr. Ciinton then moved that the board
adjourn to meet on Tuesday at 2:30 o'clock,
with the understanding that the investi
gation would be continued on Tuesday
evening at 7:30, Monday being a legal
holiday.
Dr. Kottanzi opposed the adjournment
as before.
Dr. Clinton said he was just as anxious
as anybody to continue the investigation,
but urged that he want d something tan
cible upon which to base it.
He strongly objected to a roaring farce
of this kind. The committee had simply
made itself a laughinz stock. These ques
tions were comprehensive and took in the
entire situation. If the company would
only meet the board in the same spirit,
act honestly, and give tha statement re
quired the inquiry would be completed in
a few more sessions. When the committee
met next Tuesday he wanted something
definite to act upon. He deprecated the
continuance of happy-go-lucky methods
of investigation.
The motion to adjourn carried on the
following division: Ayes — Supervisors
Devany. Haskins, Dslany, Sieehan, Britt,
Dodee, Lackman, Clinton, Kivers — 9.
Noes— Supervisors Rottanzi, Morton,
Smith— 3.
Supervisor Rivers then moved that the
City and County Attorney be consulted as
to whether this investigation must be
completed within the month of February,
and whether the rates could be legally
fixed after that date. The motion was
carried.
Thecierkwas instructed to notify the
company's officers to be present on Tues
day evening at 7:30 o'clock with papers
and books. m
The board then adjourned.
PETALUMA MEET POSTPONED.
Poor lioads May Prevent the 25-Mile
liuie Monday.
The San Leandro triangle is in iiicri
poor condition owinc to the recenVr"ains
that the racing committee of the associ
ated clubs is thinking of postponing tbe
big 25-mile road race scheduled for Wash
ington's birthday until Sunday, the 28th
inst. If it rains between now and Monday
this will be done. There are ninety-eigbt
entries for the rece, more than ever before,
and the handicaps will be completed by
Official Handicapper Smyth to-day.
The proposed State circuit will not start
at Petaluma on Monday, as intended. The
track there is not yet in good shape, so
Santa Rosa will open the circuit with a
meet on Saturday, the 27th, and the Peta
luma meet will be held some time in
March.
There will be a big amateur meet at
Fresno next Monday on the new track
l tie re.
The entries for the Velodrome rnce« next
Monday include fourteen professional and
twenty-two amateur riders. The postpone
ment of the Petaluma rn-et leaves no
counter attraction for the afternoon and
the Velodrome should draw a large crowd.
R. C. Lennie returned from the Chicago
show yesterday. He say* it was the great
est snow of cycies ever held, but believes
there will be no more National shows, tde
manufacturers preferring local exhibitions
instead.
D. G. Sbafer. trainer and manager of the
professionals now quartered at t^an Jo«e,
is in town. He expects Michael, the
Welsh champion, said to be the fastest
rider in the world, here in about a we-k.
R. M. Welsh and F. H. Kerrigan, Cali
fornia delegates to the National Conven
tion of the League of American Wheelmen,
are expected to return trom the East Satur
day or Sunday. The wheelmen are anx
iously awaiting them to learn full particu
lars of the convention and the reasons
why tbe Snnday racing amendment was
snowed under.
PATRICK DOLAN IS DEAD.
HI» Self-Conf««iiert Munlerar Hat Been
Booked ;>- Hi« Aftsasaln.
Patrick Dolan, who was shot by "Barney,
the Cook," died yesterday morning at the
City Receiving Hospital.
Eugene Kenney, the man who sur
rendered himself as the party wanted by
the police, was charged with murder on a
complaint sworn to in Judge Joacbimson's
court.
The prisoner has been acting in a queer
wav, and it is believed that Captain
Robinson in charge of tbe police station
will nave to send him to the padded cells
of tbe Receiving Hospital and thence be
fore the Insanity Commissioners.
A formal commitment of Kenney was
•worn to before Warrant Clark Drury
yesterday and the prisoner was duly
booked on a charge of murder.
An autopsy was held on tbe body by
Dr. Moreau of tbe Morgue last evening.
It was found that the bullet producing
the fatal wound entered tbe body about
two inches above the left nipple, ranged
downward, puncturing tbe lung and
lacerating the apex of the heart. Con
sidering thn nature of the wound, tbe
physician thinks it remarkable that
Doian lived as long as he did after re
ceiving the wound.
Charles Marne't Kttate.
Judge coffey yesterday dismissed the con
test of the will of the late Cnarlei Maynr,
alim Merzbach, on the ground that the con
testants have not shown sufficient grounds
for a continuance. It is understood that a
compromise witb the claimants had been ar
ranged.
K-hnl Icabel Smith Concvrt.
The concert given last night by Miss Ethel
Isabel Smith, at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium,
wsr well attended. The artists wbo delighted
this audience were Mrs. Carmichael Carr. Ming
Hulda Andersen. Miss Edith E. Smith and W.
Andrews.
Hit • .-ft I. cc Broken.
Michael Welsh, a laborer employed by War
n-ii & Malley, the contractors on tne San Bruno
road, had his left leg broken below the knee
last evening by a rock that rolled down and
struck him. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital for treatment.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
RE DUCTION^^" O^^ BEST ip^TFiD^^RiALTvTLL^S
XVioi- \\7'\\ * WILL BE MOST ASTOUNDED at this week's
1 nat W 111 tremendous reductions, for SPRING IMPOR=
ASTONISH TATIONS are so crowding us for room that
ctm A D EVERY PIECE AND YARD of Fall and Win-
IMireWCI tSUyerS. ter Goods MUST BE CLEARED OUT AT
ONCE, consequently the final days of our Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale
resolve themselves into THE GREATEST CUT=PRICE CARNIVAL OF
THE AGE, our sole aim being
TO FORGE OUT EVERYTHING WITHOUT DELAY!
cc\\ nDPn 122 r>iece9 37-inch
CULUKEU FANCY MIXED
HDPCC DRESS. GOODS,
LJt\.L^»-J»-J stylish coloring*,
fIOOnQ • tine value for soo a
UUUUO, yard; Clear- 9- „
ance Sale price — "JL
113pioceg 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-
WOOL DRESS GOODS, in checks,
mottled, boucles and lignreo, good
value for 60c a yard; Clearance OOn\ n
Sale price DOlt
91 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL-
WOOL HIGH-CLASS FRENCH
FIGURED SUITING, extra value PA rt
for $1 a yard; Clearance Sale price tlv/U
52 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL
ENGLISH NAVAL STORM
SERGE, value for $1 a yard; j;^ fl
Clearance Sale price OO\j
47 pieces 43-INCH ALL-WOOL
AND SILK-AND-WOOL HIGH-
URADE FRENCH NOVELTY
SUITING, latest colorings, worth
H and .pi 25 a yard; Clearance H\ n
Sale price I 00
pi Ari^-5 Pieces 39-INCH BLACK
DL,/\^IV ENGLISH MOHAIR,
/"if* r^r>^Z worth .60c a yard, will
\£\J\JU*D» be closed out at.. Op:«
50 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGES, Mohair finish, in three
different wales, regularly sold for X(\ n
75c a yard, will be closed out at... OUO
2 cases ENGLISH CHEVIOTS, 58
inches wide, regular value Si 50 a H~ n
yard, will be closed out at I d\j
l/l/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jooss Streets.
WEDDING PEALS
RING MERRILY
Nuptials of Miss Louise
Moulder and James H.
Covode.
Miss Mattie Gibbs and Walter
G. Holcombe United Last
Evening.
Pastor Fu"ndeling Joins in Wed ock
Miss Duisenberg and Alexander
Isenberg-
Mi«s Louise Bournoville Moulder and
James H. Covode were mame i last even
ing at the residence of the bride's mother,
812 Bush street.
Only relatives and immediate friends of
the happy young couple witnessed the
ceremony, which was performed by Arch
bishop lliordan, assisted by Father Mulli
gan.
The fluffy blossoms of the pussy willow
made an attractive bower, within which
the distinguished couple stood during the
impressive ceremony.
Miss Charlotte Moulder, sister of tbe
bride, was the maiil of honor, and Hamil
ton Moulder was best man.
The bride is the daughter of the iate
Andrew J. Moulder, for many years iden
tified with educational circles, and who
also occupied with honor the position of
Superintendent of Public Schools of tnis
City.
The gown of the bride was the same her
mother wore when she plighted her troth
in Philadelphia thirty years ago. It is of
white corded silk, made en train and com
pletely covered "with point applique
flounces. The bridal veil was fastened to
the coiffure by a wreath of orange blos
soms and a diamond sunburst, the gift of
the groom.
Miss Charlotte Moulder, the maid of
honor, wore a white satin gown trimmed
with tulle flouncing.
Mr. and Mrs. Covode will spend their
honeymoon in Southern California. They
will make New YorJt their permanent
home.
Miss Mattie P. Gibbs. daughter of C. V.
8. Gibbs, and Walter Gilmore Holcombe
stood in a bower of pink and white fruit
blossoms while Rev. Dr. Walk or Trinity
read the impressive service that united
them "for better or lor worse." •
The bride was attended by her niece,
Miss Harriet Gibbs. and Charles Bentley
officiated as best man.
The brid • wore an eleeant pown trimmed
with duchesse and point. Her veil was
held in piao witb a diamond star, toe
gift of the groom. Miss Harriet Gibbs, the
maid of honor, wore a dainty gown of
white brussels net over pink silk.
A reception for several hundrel guests
followed the ceremony, which was wit
nessed by relatives ana Intimate friends
only.
Miss Virginia R. Duisenberg, daughter
or the late Charles Duisenberg, formerly
German Consul at this port, and Alex
ander Isenberg, son of Paul Isenberg, the
millionaire planter of- Honolulu, were
married Tuesday evening at 7:30 o'clock at
the Lutheran Church, on U'Farreil street.
Great palms, sent from the island home
CII 1/ 30 pieces BLACK SATIN
~IL.IV  BKOCADES.mediuru and
HPD'T ~ large ■ designs, regular
Udtr 1. value 85c a yard; f*(\ o
Clearance Sale price Vll/U
20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK
DUCHESSE SATIN, extra .
heavy, regular value $1 50 a Qi AA
yard; Clearance Sale price — <£)•*■•""
35 pieces BLACK BROCADED
DUCHESSE. rich, handsome
desiens, regular value $1 50 a (JM AA
yard; Clearance Sale price tJj-L.l/U
C A DP C LADIES' DOUBLE
vftrCJ, CAPES, iv black
IA C* I/'PTQ only, made of plain
JnviVU I *T>. Cheviot and neatly
trimmed with Mohair braid, £• 1 n~
former price $3 50; Clearance «J)1. I tl
Bale price Each
SADIES' TWO-TON ASTRA-
KHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined
with silk serge, front? and
storm collar edged with black
Thibet fur, former price $10 Qf* O^
each; Clearance Sale price tpO.DO
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACK-
ETS, half lined with silk,
slashed collar inlaid with vel-
vet, fly front, former price
$12 50 each; Clearance Sale Q7 Jr A
price ;..;.. V I »O\J
■*
.
I/" IP* 50 dozen s and 7 HOOK
I^-' 1 -' FOSTER KID
HI OVPQ GLOVES, colors and
ULUVCO. black (odd size,).
slightly imperfect, worth regular $1 50
and $1 75 a pair; Clearance X(\n
Sale price *3 I/O
98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE
FRENCH KID GLOVES, em-
broidered backs and large but-
tons, colors tan, mode and
brown, also blacK, regular
price $150 a pair; Clearance (3»1 A A
Sale price 1.1/1/
&{/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jonas Streets.
MR. AND MRS. J. H. COVODE (nee Moulder), Who Were
Married Yesterday.
of the groom, decorated chancel and altar
of the church.
Old-fashioned German customs pre
vailed, and the bridal purty enterei tlie
edifice after the fashion of the Fatherland.
First came the ushers, two by two —
Charles Duisenberg and E 1 ward Duisen
berg, C. T. Ryl«in<l and Hubert Davis,
Clarence Cooke and Dr. E, B:irry.
Then walkrd the officiating clergyman,
Ray. Fuendeiing, followed by the bride
leaning on the arm of the groom.
The bridesmaids, walking in double
file — Miss Augusta Dulsenberg and Miss
Clara Isenberg, Miss Elsa Frank and
M<ss Louise Sunsman, Miss Aimee
Celarius and Ermgarde Sciiaffer — closed
the bridal procession.
After the church ceremony there was a
reception for relatives and intimate friends
at the home of the bride, 3216 JacKson
street.
The bride wore an eleeant gown of
white moire. The skirt was made per
fectly plain and the corsage covered with
tulle. The veii was fastened to tae co.f
fure by a wreath of myrtle and a diamond
crescent, the gift of the groom.
The bridal presents were numerous and
costly. Many that came to the couple
from relatives and friends in Germany
were shipped direct to the islands, where
an eieirant Home is in readiness for the
young couple. The wedding last evening
id the culmination of a pretty romance of
two years ago. Miss Dutsenbers: went to
see a young friend "off lor a pleasure
trip to the islands. On board was young
Isenberg. He saw Miss Duisenberg and |
begged for an introduction. It was a case
of love at first sight. The extreme youth
ot the bride was the cause of the wedding
beinc set just two years after the eventful
meeting.
Mr. and Mrs. I<renberj» will spend their
honeymoon in Southern California. They
will return for a short suay in town and
sail on March 4 on the China for their
future home in Honolulu. *
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
IWpM'C 75 dozen MEN'S HEAVY
iUCl^i »^ FULL-FIN MER-
W PAP IN 9 SOCKS, with double
. ** I-«*Vfv» spliced heels and toes,
in assorted colors, regular price 1f)l«
25c a pair; Clearance Sale price.. J-«-2vj
38 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANI-
TARY LAMBS-W OOL UN-
DERSHIR^AND DRAWERS,
warranted thoroughly shrunk,
good value for $1 25 each; Clear- HXn
ance Sale price t Oij
ITMiniSI SADIES' JERSEY RIB-
U'"lvlr BED EGYPTIAN COT-
miITS TON UNION SUITS,
lJul I •--'• ■ nigh neck, ] on g sleeves,
ankle length, oeavy weight, worth
$1 25 each, on Special Sale at. . (\()n
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
UNION SUITS, high neck,
loncbleeves. ankle length, war-
ranted two-thirds wool and
non-shrinking, natural color,
worth $2 50 a suit, on Special Q-t Ofi
Sale at $ I.oU
fOD^FT^ LADIES' SATEEN
WUI^JCI J. CORSETS, extra
COPSFTS lon " wal3t - hi^
WV^IV^I-' 1 «n?. bust, two side
steels each side, handsomely embroi-
dered with colored silk flossing, black
and drab, regular price $150; jg-j (\(\
on Special Sale at tjpX.Ul/
FMRPOI- CAMBRIC GUIPURE
CiTIOK^I- EMBROIDERY, reg-
i HPDIP^ nlar price 10c a yard ;
UL.IML.O. Special Clearance
Salejyice Kp
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROI-
DEHY, regular price 20c a yard ; in
Special Clearance Sale price ± UO
MUf Murphy Building, Jf
Market and Jonas Streets.
THE FIGHT IS OFF.
J. Stelzaer Is Sick and Will
Not Meet Jeffries on Mon
day Evening.
Billy Smith Will Not Meet Peppers
Unless a Forfeit Is Posted on
the Diy of the Fight.
The new California Athletic Club has
strnck a very hard snae and unless it
carries a wonderful streak of luck its
first pugilistic venture wiil not prove the
successful undertaking the directors had
anticipated a few weeks ago.
Yesterday Jack Stelzner left his train
ing quarters at the Br. George Club and
reported to Director L°ak that, owing to
injury which he recently sustained, hi
could not meet Jeffries on Monday even
ing. One of the physicians who ex«
amined Stelzner last evening reported
I LINENS. We have alwa y s
I IISJPMQ Prided in our Linen
j L.l IN ClNo. business, because it
j has bien large and satisfactory to
our customers. There is good reason
for it. We choose bur goods from
the best European makers, and
handle them at a close profit. That
is why we are confident we can give,
{ at all times, best values, largest vari-
j eties and good satisfaction. For this
| week a few extras.
BLEACHED MASK, 58 inches
wide, a new line of patterns; this 001/»
week at y arc &£ £>
AN EXTRA GRADE CREAM
PURE LINEN DAMASK, solid
weave, 63 inches wive; this week Kf\ n
at yard O\J{j
A CLOSELY WOVEN BLEACHED
IRISH LINEN 3-4 NAPKIN
('2l inches square); Special this ©1 -i •*
week dozen CSJ-.XO
BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS,
nice borders, size 19x37 inches Qi l) w
..dozen wi.OD
CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches
wide, Irish make, the 10c a yard 71/»
grade; this week's { rice l2v->
■
WASH JUST OPENED- The
rnnnc choicest lines or FINE
UUUUj. PRINTED dimities,
FRENCH ORGANDIES, SCOTCH
; PRINTED LAPPETS, ENGLISH PER-
CALEs, DENTELLE FRANCAISE,
AMERICAN BATISTES, Etc., in rich,
stylish and exclusive effects, and at
prices almost as low as the common
fabrics.
Vtr Murphy Building,
i Market ant Joaes Slrests.
that the pugilist was Buffering to some ex
tent from a blistered back, caused by
iodine which was applied by Dr. Griswold
the club's physician, and that Stelzner
may not be altogether in first-class form
to meet bis appointment on the evening
of the fight.
Jeffries was notified, and he came in
from his training quarters at the Six-mile
House yesterday afternoon. The Loa
Angeles champion felt very much put out,
as he was very confident of winning; the
match. He is of the opinion that Stelz
ner either exhibited the white iea;her or
that the club had had some agreement
with Stelzner whereby it could crawl out
of putting up the purse before the fight
took place. The club tried hard to fill in
the gap by matching Jeffries and Alex
Gregga,ins for a friendly sparrnu' match of
four rounds, but Jiff ries objected to this
proposition by statin?: that he was a
fighter ana not an exhibition boxer. The
directors offered $300 for the bout, which
amount was scorned by the heavy
weights.
Billy Smith also came in from his train
ing quarters and demanded of the club a
certain sura of money or otherwise he
would not meet Peppers on Monday nieht.
This matter was settled by Director Leak
promising Smith that he wouid depos.t
on Monday enough money in the hands
of some responsible person as a euarantee
of good faith on behalf of the club.
Smith Said in the presence oi several
peopie that if the money was not posted
at the hour stated that he would not fight
on Monday night.
The outlook certainly do-»s not appear
promising ior the e'ub. The Jeffries and
Stelzner right is off, and it is not certain
that th« Smith and Peppers contest will
take place either. It is sll a question of
money between the pugilists and the di
rectors or the club.
Doubtless Jeffries will depart for Carson
i:i ihe early part of rext week, where he
may appear with Corbett in an exhibition
contest. Dr. Leak said last night that
everything wouid be settled all right by
Monday and that a good show will be
given, even though the fight between
Jeffries- and Stelzner is declared off. Dr.
Rogers examined Stelzner late last even
inc and handed tne directors of the club
/his opinion, which is ns follows:
Sam Francisco, Feb. 17. 1897.
This is to certify that I have made a careful
examination of Jack Steizncr and pronounce
him in no condition to enter any contest for
at least fourteen days from this date.
Nathan Rogers, M.D.
Point Lobo* Avenue.
At a specißl meeting of the Point Lo bos Im
provement Club held Tuesday at Crosthwait's
Hall on Filth avenue, wiiicli was called lor the
purpose of considering: the advisability of re
moving Point Lobos avenue from tho jurisdic
tion of the Park" Commifsion, it was decided
Dy a unanimous vote to have ihe jurisdiction
continue us it is.
There are said to be 100,000 lilies in full
bloom in a field in Bermuda.
KEW TO-DAT.
HIRSCH &* KAISER,
Successors to H IRSCH A KAHX,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goofls 3 Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
' ' Opposite Chronicle Building.
U.NEQUAtKD FACILITIES FOR THE
PKOPKII' FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast- .
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SVMMAKY OF THE MAIIKETB.
Silver as usual.
Wheat Futures firmer.
Barley steady. Oats dull.
Heavy receipts of Eastern Corn.
Feeds: lift's unchanged.
Beans very quiet.
Potatoes, easy. Onions steadier.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Turkey.* firmer. liens steadier.
Oranges quieter.
Lemons ue;:ecied and lower.
Game largely nominal.
Dri*<l Fruit neglected.
Increased Imports of Specie.
Cotto'.ese lower.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port In Janizary were
52, 231, 550, of which $488,900 came from Great
Brlta 11. $315,123 from the Hawaiian Islands,
$194,000 irom China, $.75.8011 from Japan. $224,
--«.'O from i.riti.sh Columbia and $158,3*^7 from
Central America.
SPECIE I M PORTS.
Imports of specie at this port In January were
•279 747. against 52 18,500 in January, 1896. Im
ports from Mexico were as follows: Gold Bullion
817,728; Silver Ru lion, $225,165: United States
God Coin, $7.1 0: silver 1 oin, foreign. $10,879.
Elsewhere, $450 United States Gold Coin.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top flguraa
IK station Indicate maximum temperature for th«
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches anil huudredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lin-t, equal temperature. The
word "h;i:h" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
rt-f.-rs to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloud y weathorand rains.
"Lows" us. ally first appear on the Washington
ccasr. When tie pressure is high in th* interior
and low along the coast, ami the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is nnprob
able. \Vliha"hlcn" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
Will produce anVpposlte result.
WEATHER BUBKAV REPORT.
tnitid States DEPARTMENT OF AORICUIr
TnRE. WEATHEK J3CRKAU. SAX Francisco, Feb.
17, 1*97, 6f. if. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall durlnz the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season S5 06. last season 24.73,
put 24 hours .00: Ked Bluff 19.24, last season
13.83. past 24 hours .00: san Francisco, J702.
lust season 12.42, past 24 hours .01; Fresno 8 01,
last s<aso.i 4.09, past 24 hours .OH: >ati Luis Oblspo
15 16. last season 17.25, past '.'4 hours. l 3: Los
Ancles 11.89. lust season 5.91, past 24 hours .06;
Sa\ i'ui;f> i.42, last season 4.44. past 24 hours
trace: Ynma 66, last season .46, pas: I*4
hours .00.
ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature 50,
minimum 44. moan 47.
The area of high pressure which was forming
last night over the plateau region of Nevada has
moved eastward into Wyoming. The pressure is
now falling quite rapidly alons the coast from San
Frarcisco northward to Pug«-t Sound, and theie
are indications of another storm of moderate In
ti nslty approaching the Washington coait. Un
settled weather conditions prevail nlong the en
tire coast from ban Diego northward, and light
rain has fallen in Southern California. Conditions
are favorable, for scattered shower* throughout
California 1 h v rsd ac. *
Forecast made at K an Francisco for 30 hoars,
ending at midnight, February 18. 1897.
Northern California— Occasional showers Thurs
day: fresh southerly win i. ■
Southern i allfornla— scattered showers to-night,
probably continuing in tnounmln reel n Than
dey: generally cloudy e'sewbere; fresh westerly
wind*.
.Vevada— Generally fair Thursday.
Utah— Generally tair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; cooler.
'an Francisco »na vicinity— Probably occa
sional showers "■ hursduv.
W. H. Jlammok, Forecast Official.
NKW VOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK., N. V., Feb. 17.- There was a
falling off In the trading at the Stork Exchange
to-day. *ales aggregat-d 154.106 shares against j
179,000 shares yesterday. In to-day's total hugar
figured tor 28,600 shares, Tobacco 19,200, and !
Leather preferred 13,700. These were the three i
most active stocks, irregularity was th» chlel |
characteristic of speculation at the opening, but j
subsequently the market showed a tendency to
improve, the result of a sharp rise in Tobacco. i
This Btock jumped '4\' 2 per cent to 72%. and th- !
advance was credited 10 manipulation. mum was i
erratic autl closed a/ perceui lower on the day. I
The reports of fresh' coin petition and realizations ]
by a small pool account for the decline.
In the railroad list Northern Pacific firsts and I
the Grangers were firm, whiie Hocking Valley '
and the Anthracites rilled weaker. The first men- |
tioned was bought by foreign houses, about 3000 I
Rhnres btinc taken, llockinc Valley stock la.l i
11/2 per <ent and the bonds 6 Vj@Si-^ percent on '
the revival of the rectivershi|. reports. 'It was ■
stated that the company had not provided as vet i
for interest due March 1. Nothing tfflcial, how
ever, could be obtained on this score. The losses '
In the anthracite croup were far less Important '
mid excited little interest. Among the general |
stocks Missouri Pacific fell to 1^54 Manhattan
was feverish, ranting between 86V2'SH7 3x. Tbe
belief still prevails in ceitain circles that the di
rectors contemplate a reduction In the dividend
rate.
This is Jieing used by the operators with some '■
eft. ci against tut sock. In ttie last hour specula- :
tion sbowid firmness on covering of short con- '
tracts, but in the final transactions leading bear
operators again sold, and the market Id conse
quence Iff: oft steady to arm. 'I here was li lie '
news to affect speculation, although bel evers in :
higher prices attempted iU one time to use the re- !
ported improvement* In the Iron aid steel trade
to bio up the Market for sucks. The fullins off In i
the earning. .1 the su Paul road lor the second
week of February had no influence, and less at
tention v:an ptiU to the proceedings of the Lexow :
lnveaiiga ion committee. The usually active
slocks show but, slight change* either way. To
bacco Kalned "23/ 8 per cent, while Western Union
un.i Missouri i'ac tic lost /i(3»l^i per cent.
Bond* were firm In tone to-day. The total sales
were $1,237,000. CUi'iunail, Dayton and Ironton
fives rose Ito 109 i/ 2 ; Houston and Texas Central
firs, fives. 1 to 109%: l^oulsvillß »nd .Naslivl le
.New Orleans and Mobl c second fives, 1 to 103:
Flint and Pere. .Marquptte Tort Huron fives. 3 10
78. and St. Pau!, Mil uisota and Munltoba second
Fixes, 1 to 120.: ('o.iiiiibtin and eking Valley
Issues were very heavy, the ctonsniidattrd rlv.
having dropped 51.3 to €8 and the General sixes
9Vis to (-5. Manhattan general fours fell Ito 84»/4
ana Union Pacific sinking fund eights 1 to 9 <.
In Government bonds $ 52,000 coupon fount of
1925 sold at 132a>fefs)122%h: »3000 registered fours
of 1007 at 111%, ana aSO.OOO coupon five, at
118%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Weak, unsettled, quiet. Winter wheat,
ow trades, $SBO#S9O; fair to fancy, f4 45©
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Lcideßdorflf St., Tel. Main 1054.
CENTRA I. OTTICK
CJ'a Uarket su, Palace Hotel. Purly & Atkinson
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Oflice— Baldwin Hole! (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest I market qno
tat lons. .Reference Ist National Bank, S. P.
CfiICAOU fiuvAXis Wlil«- an,\v yo&S. i
4 50; do patents, 94 60r<£4 65; Minnesota clear,
SS 10@3 65: do straights, $4@4 86: do patents,
$3 106.4 85; low extras. »2 SU@3 30; City Mills,
$4©4 9U: do paienis, 94 80(g.f)i)6: Rye mixture.
?2 i«0@8 60: superfine, $-ts2Bf>; line, $1 9O((0- •-'»■
Southern flour, dull, weak: common to fait
extra, $3 20@3 60: good to choice do. »3 50®5.
Bye flour, quiet, easy, nt $2 6003.
COKNMKAL-Dull,' steady. Yellow Western,
91 75fc0l b5.
RYK— Dull, firmer. Western. »7c c. I. f. Buf
falo.
BAKl.KY— Steady: feeding. 2bcc 1. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— spot market quiet, firmer: f. o. b.,
90% c; utieradeii reJ', 72fe91c; No. 1 Nortb-rn.
8014 c. Options were moderaieiy active and firm
st 1 /'2<i^i c advance on firmer cables, nnxleiaie
foreign ouylut, better West and local covering.
-May aniKJuiy most active. No. 2 red. Febr'iary,
BIV4C: March 8 V*-: April. BJ%C: .M: 80% C;
June, 7t:;ic: July, 773g'_-; September, 75Vic.
CORN spots dull, fir-.; No. 2, 2S%c elevator:
29%Cf.f10»t.
Op. ions were dull and firm at y s c advance,
Mfy only traded in. February, JHtVfcC; May,
/4 c; July. 30% c.
I OATs— Spots dull, steady. Optloni dull firmer;
| February, 2U/,|C: May, 21^,',,:: July, 21 'ic.
Spot prices: No. i, 21c; No. 'A white. 23c:
No. 2 Chicago, 2»'B / ic; No. 3. l!0e: No. 3 white.
21% c: mixed Weoiern, 21@23ViC; while West
ern, 22@3(Jc,
Provisions.
LARD-Qulet, firm: Western steam. *4 10;
city. $.-1 70: May. 91 20, nominal; refined, dull;
Continent. 14 35: South American, $4 60; uoni
pound, 4@4%c.
POKK— steady, moderate demand; new mess,
if 3 26®8 75.
1.1 1 1 h — Demand moderate; liberal supply;
Western creamery, lii (a, 'Me; do factory, 7©140;
Klgtns, 20c: Imitation creamery. 7@l6c.
CH XI.Si — .Moderate demand, llrui. Part skims,
6@9%c; full skims, 12&)lv:%c.
hn.S- Moderate demand. Icehouse, case, $2@
3 30: Western fresli. 18c: limed, 12%@13y-c.
TALLOW— Firm. City, S 5-16 c; oun>ry, 61/«
@6'/ic
COTTON BKB li OlL— Firm; Craie, 2'JVaC; yel
low prime. 2. i2®i4c. ***
Klci". — Firm, fair demand.
MOLASSES— About steady. New Orleans, 21@
SOc. . **
COFFEE— Dul ,6@lo point' down: February, s9;
March and April, $9; May. $9 05; July, Septem
ber and December, »9 10. &pot Rio dull, weak:
No 7. 86 gc.
i^CGAh— Active: off A, 4@4i/ c; mold,
4.y*o; stand rd, 4S/ 8 c; confect overs, 41,4,0:
cue. loaf, sc; crushed, ac; powdered, 4*80; granu
lated, 43 a c: cubes, 4. r ;s c
1 ruit an, l Produce.
AI'RICOTS-Bags. 9@llc.
Jl /i litfc— Peeio.t, boxes l'Ji' 2 @150: nnpeeled,
bags 7@9c.
PRUNKS-Four sizes, 4»/4@sc.
RAISING— Two crown L. M., 4 c; three
crown, 51,4 c; four crow,, 6%c; London layers,
SI 35&&1 -,;■: clusters. $1 40(0. . 85
A MONDS — soft khell, g@9W.c; paper shall,
110.12 c. v* .- v v
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
H> I*— Moderate demand; fancy steady. Pa
cific Coast. 6©l 3c
rt'OOL— i-lrm. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 22@23c; pulled. lfc@3lc; Texas, 7(*i^u
Merchandise.
riGlßON—Qulet American, $10 25010 50.
COPPER-Firm. Lake. $12.
I.FAD-Firra. Cunn^'. • 3 27%©^ 35.
UN— Quet. IStraits, *13 40^13 CO; plates,
moderately active.
BPtLTtl'.-yu.et. Domestic. *4@4 10.
CHICAGO MABKETB,
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb 17— A bet:«r feelini ex
isted in th» wheat market this morning, sshorls
began to cover early, and in view of comparatively
light offerings quite a firm tone developed. Al
though the press dispatches were not quite as
peaceful as they were yesterday the course of the
foreign markets indicated no excitement or alarm,
I and •■!>», -iiln .0:1 was therefor- inclined to break on
war being a rt-mo:e contingency. Liverpool was
irregular, quotations ranging from Jjl lower to
144 higher at Liverpool. English consols were
1.4 Mgher to a fraction lower than the clooe yes
le;d.y. BeCelpts were light at 12 cars for Chi
cago and 166 in the Northwest.
Tlie inspections from »iore were 38,756 bushels.
Export Clearances weie higher at 338.584 bushels
i Clo-ing Liverpool cables were unchanged to i.4d
higher for flour and unchanged to lower for wheat.
Antwerp we unchanged and Uerllu lower. About
noon pries broke about » half a cent on a drop of
1 cent at BU Louis, but the decline, was soon recov
ered. Report!" of a: ood milling demand and some
sales for export causal strength at the clos-. May
whea. opened lrom 74i/ 8 to74J / i< - . sold between
73»/4(£737 /^c and 74-'; 4 1, cloalcg at 746-ij'. %o
hicij^r than yesterda;-. 1 ima;e<l receipts for 10
--morrow. 25 cnr«. No. 2 red, *tot, wheat ranged
from 833/ic to 1 4(-, closing at 846. c.
COK.\— A' as q net with prices ranging a little
hieher than at the close yesieiday. Naturally trie
strength was from wheat. Rec ipts were SOS cars,
35 lea< than expected. Wj.i.drawals from store
\ were fair at 112,000 bushels. Liverpool quote 1 a
i firm and unchanged market. Export clearances
; were liberal at fc64. lzti bush? l*. alay corn opened
at 23V;'«2S6(jC, advanced to 2;-.3ic closing at
235/ ;g,i3B.ii:. %©Vie hlgber thhn yesterday. Ea
. liniuied rtoelp for to-morrow 220 cars.
i OATs— The drift of p ices of wheat and corn be-
I ing in an upwari direction, oats, in the absence of
I anything specifically bearisn. showed firmness
I th oujjh bvmputhy. Receipts were 225 cars and
! 24,320 bushels were withdrawn from store. h.x
por.s were »8.76 v: bushels. May oats closed un
changid from ye»:eruay. Kstlmattd receipts lor
to-morrow 275 cars.
1 FLAX- Was firm. Cash No 1, 74c: Nortli
: western. 76c: May, 76' 4 '<t7f.i ,c: July, 78c bid;
; Bep'ember. 79 l - 2 c bid. l.e.eip.s were 22 cars.
PROVISIONS— This market pt«ientcd a acene
of unusual activity, with a wrak and depressed
feelii.g predominating ila s morniox. The ceipu
of taocs surpassed in iiumber the highest cstlma.e,
in consequence of which there wts a break in
prices at the yards. '1 hit, lea to sellinc 01 product,
weakness lollowin?. The strength, of wheat caused
a rally later in the day. May pork closed 2 1 i ! (g,5c
lower, May lard 2%c lower and May rib's un
changed
li LITER— The fetlin? In the butter market was
weak to-day. Receipts were large and the demand
slow.
Creameries — Extras. 20c: firsts, 18 ® 19o:
Becond.s,l4(£l6c: Imitations, fancy. i:-;®l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: Cists. l<fttlic: secouds. 9aioc
Lacles— Extras, ll©lv'c; Cuts. e%tf a%c; packia^
MOCK. 8c; grease, 2i/ 2 @3c; roll butter. 10®10%c.
LOO^— The supply or eggs nho-.vei au incr me.
The demand was slow ana the fee. ins quiet.
Fresh stock It c ft dozen.
MONEY — Was 4%@s^on call and 6X on time
loans. New York exchange Wha quoted at 60c
discount.
Closing Prices.
-«T^; AT February ' 73 Y6-i .May. 75«, 8 c; July,
70"/ 8 5.71 c
aSKR-'S^ 21 3 / B @2lV 2 c; May. a3%9
1 J., Alb ~ February. 14v a c: May, 16y July,
1 ' /4*-
j J-uKK- May. 57 85; July, %1 95.
LARD-May. 83 90: July. $4.
P.IUS-May, »4 021,2; July, *4 12%.
Livestock.
UNION' STOCKYARDS, n. L . Feb. 17.-The
j receipts of cattle to-dar were unusually heavy,
I about 17,000. head as compared with 12,700 last
Wednesday and 1O,!-H1 a year ago. This brings
the supply for the first half of the week up to 35,-
I 000 head against nearly the s»me number for the
corresponding period last week, and 39,000 a year
I a«o. Tra Is was lacking In activity, and the lib
eral supply resulted iv a week market except in
prime lots, prices suffering an average decline of
10($15c per linn lred pouu is. The receipts of hogs
were unusually heavy, being about &0. 000 head
against 33,452 a week ago. Ho?s are being
rushed to market in greatly Increased numbers,
ana the supply <or the first half of the week
amounts to nearly 115.000 head as compared with
80,600 for the UKe portion of lan ween, 92. -50 a
year a;o, and nil 660 two years ago. There was
a good demand fiom Chicago packers and West
ern shippers, but buyers took advantage of the
liberal offerings to force a decline of S@loc per
hundred pounds About 38 750 head 01 sheep ar
\ rived. KKair.si 40.700 for the first tn.ee .lavs of
! last week a. d 47,6a2 a year a:». he receipts to
day were 17,000 head. There was a good demand.
I and prices were st' ady despite the he.ivy supply.
CATiLK-KeceiUß.l7,(lOO. Fancy beeves, £5 30
©5 40; choice to prime steers. «4 90@5 25; good
! to choice steers. «4 50©4 85: medium steers. *4 20
: @4 45; fair be-f steers. $3 90@l 15:' common, beef
steers.s3 .'>(j@3 85: good to prime stockers and feed
ers. $3 85©4 25: common to good stockers ana feed
ers. «3 *OiS,3 tO: bulls, cnoice to extra, $3 ftO©3 90;
bul s, poor to chol. e. $2 su@3so:cows «nd heifers,
CDOtcetu prime. $3 75(0i)4i5; cows, fair to choice,
: 32 05(133 70: cows, common to fair ranners, $1 75
: ©2 .0; calves, Rood to fancy. $6 EU@S 26; calves,
•■ommon to gooa, $3 10@3.75: lex» led steers,
I ai.i'a,4 35: Texas cows and bulls, 92 > .'s@3 50
--milkers ana si ringers, per head, f 2f@sO.
iIOGS-Recelpts, 60.t01>. Heavy packing and
: sblpi.ins lots, »3 25'4t.< 45: common to choke
j mixed. t» SOUS 60; choice assorted, $3 45®
3 £;. /a: . l i Kt> \' $:< 35( 3 6 '- Va; Pigs. *3 25«3 50.
.. ,1,? ■ , - 1 — Receipts. 17.0uU. laierior to choice,
12 50(a4 10; lambs, 53 Co®s 10
Receipts at Omaha. •
, ?°. tI V., I n 2 M . AHA - »*-- Feb. 17—HOOR-Re
an P .i?«^- Mar "ci 10c lower. Light and mixed
».H 2.">®,535; heavy, $316313 25.
CAITLK-Ksreipts. 190'). Market slow, 10c
'feeder, *%%! £? s °® 4 * 0: "** » X 60 J 4W =
Muuon^ P s3 -87 {i. eIDU! ' 460 °- M " ket flrm -
Kecelpta at Kansas City.
-J^Wftw-F l^?- Mo - Fpl * 17.-HOOR- R.
«^?.7i2S;?v?;, M » rk «t weak, lOr lower. Heavy.
lAli LX -Receipts. bOOO. Market weaker, 10c
lower. Lress'd beef cattle. *4@4 75; best com
anSHe^. ""' "^ SSS
bUKEP- Receipts, 2000. Market steady.
NICWfJYoKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, llnuey and Railroad
Shared.
Money on call quiet at %@lVi«: last loan %-k
and closing offered at i^ x . Prlmp mercantile pa .
per 8 X- Ear illver. 645 sC Mexican dollars, 50%<
!-tcr;iii4: exchange dnll, with actual business in
bank. rV ollis at ?4 85@4 bM/ 4 for 60 da. and
54 87@4 »7V* tor demand. Posted rale*, $4 86%
($4 83. Commercial bi.ls, $4 «3%®4 84%. Gov
ernment bonds st»*dy; Mate bonds quiet: railroad
. bonds generally firm. Silver at the board was nee
lected.
, . CLfSINO BTOCK.I.
Am Tel « Csbl«... 85 lN'orth American. ink
Atcblson .'... 14%, Northern Paclflo." - 14V*
Preferred/. .-2.*JJ» ■»*r<-feiTe3 38
Adams Express.. .l4B i^orthwestern..!!!!lo4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
Alton. Terre Haute 66 I Preferred 16- Vj
American Expresslll IN V Central 9^
American Tobacco 7iy s |N Y. Cliicago<fc!st L 11
Preferred 100 Ist preferred 70
Hay Mule (ins 11 i i'd preferred. U.i
Baltimore A OHIO.. 15<4 N Y&N 11 170
Brunswick Lands. ■ MN V * Sew Eng... 37
I Buffalo,. Koch 4P. 1B»4;X Y. Susq <fc W.... 9
Canada Pacific 64%| ''referred 35,
! Canada Southern.. 4 41 1 Ontario 104*4
Canton Land 60" > 'nlano <fc Western 14%
Central Pacific 11 "4 Oregon lruprovmnt
Cnes & Ohio 17 I Prele-red —
Chicago Alton 162 Orpeon Navigation 14
Preferred: 172 Oregon t«hort Line. 14
Chicaio, B * Q.... 74% Pacific Mail 25
Cnlcaco A X 111.... 42- i'eona. L> A Kvaiu 3
Preferred 95 PUtsbur? A W pfO. 15
Chicago Gas 7«>~ g I'uiiman Palace.... 16 iVi
! Ciev<- & Pltl«t>unr. 165 iQulcksllver 1
; Consolidation CoaL 36 | Preferred 11
Consolidated Ua5..150 Reading 24%
CCC<fc St Louis... n Kloarande&Westn 13
Preferred 75 j 1 referred 38%
Colo Fuel «fc Irca.. 22 Rock Island- 66 / i
Preferred 90 RomeWttt<fcOzden.ll7B/i
I Cotton 0.1 on 11 6tL&H\V.... 3%
I Commercial Cable. 160 , Preferred 10%
; Del Hudson.; ..lU7V4 st Paul 7o&s
o*l LackAWestrn. 162% Preferred i3 -*/i
L>nwr i X U 11 st Paul <£ Duluta.. 18
Preferred. 4iV» Preferred 85
1 Distillers. St Paul A Omaha.. 4HV4
General Electric... H4% Preferred ISO
I trie Hi; 2 ft li i d£ ii 114
Preferred. 84 Silver Certificate*. 64*4
Fort Wayne les Southern Pacific... 15%
Great Northern Dfd 120 (Southern Kh. 9
Ureenßay Preferred 28
Harlem. «92 Sugar Refinery l-3» 4
Hocking Coal- 83^ Preferred 103
Hocking Valley... 5* /a Term Coal Iron.. -6%
Homestake 35 j Preferred £0
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific 9V4
Illinois Central 92 Tol AA A N Mich.—
' lowa Central. 7 Tol Ohio A Central 15
Preferred 24% Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... i:<'i lolHt i-oulj& KO 6%
Preferred 296 /g Preferred 18%
Kingston A Perm.. 3 j Union Pacific...... 7
! Lake Erie A Westa 16 U P Den & Uulf . ... 1%
Preferred 68 U B Cordate.
I Lake Snore 164 Preferred
I .National lead «•_' Guaranteed
Preferred 89% Cs Express 85
l-onglsianl 46 V b Leather. .. 7%
Louisville A Nash. 49% Preferred btfV*
Louisville.^ AIOQ7 V* L' Is Rnbber .... 18%
Preferred 11,4 Preferred 70
■ Manhattan con 87s, 4 nicadt B River.. .l6o
! Memphis A CharU 15 \V * SL A Paclflc. 6%
Mexican Central... B*4 Preferred 16
Michigan Central.. Ba' Wells- Farso. .. 09
JilnnAßL ; Western Union *>1%
Preferred — r Wisconsin Central. 2
SllunA St L com.. 18' i Wheeling * LE... 1%
Istpreftrrod 77V« Preferred 9%
2dprefrrred 47 Am CoitoaOU pfd. 63%
Missouri Pacific... 20 W U Beef 6%
Mobile A Ohio ill {Ann Arbor 9
Nashville A c hats. 87% Preferred ... 25
National Linseed.. IS Brooklyn Traction. 21
KJ Central W.i Krle id pfd. 16»4
Norfolk A Weatrn. 11 .4 American Spirits.. liiJVt
Preferred 17S/ S I preferred 32%
cmsi>a Sonus.
! Ala Class A 4*. 106 Northern Pac 15t5. 116%
Do Class 84. 6s. 103 j Do2d- 65%
I AlaLcma, class C. »8 | Do Sds. 86
j Atchison 4s BVi Ijo consoles
i Do2dsA 47% Or lmprovmm lit 85
Canada South 2dt. 107 ! Do 6s 18
Cen Pac lstsof'9s. . cX A N i«aM'*"iHll2%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.103% Do cons d 6s " .
V° 1897 104 Or Short Line .114
I>©}S9» 104 DoconsolSs 76%
D 01899 104 Pacific 6s Of '97
Ches&Ohio 65.... 110 Phlla A Keadmc 4s Ml 1 /*
eiKfcNPTr Rcissi 42% Do Ist pfd lncom. 46
D C * 6 £Vt X V 9V * X Grande West 7J«g
Den A- it a Ist 112 ,st LAlronMtOenss 76Vi
"° *» 88 l6tLA»FGent}s..lll
p{? 2ds ess St Paul Consols.... 13U%
FtW ADenClty Ist* 5s' 4 MV C A Pa lsts . .11- 1*
** H& 8 » bs 104 f-o Carolina 4Viv.. 106
„ "° 7a. j-6% Southern It P.a»... 89%
«'« t!ec rn»bss... 9ti Do Pac Cal Ist*.. 108
II A lex Cent 55.. .100% Term new 3«. ... 80
Do con 102 Texas Pac l«sl' £9
lowa Central lsts.. 96% 1 eras Pac *dn ' 2t>>4
Kansas Pa Consols- 74% Union Pac lsts 98* 104%
f ! Palgtsl>«nDlvllti% U a 4.1 r»« of 1923.122%
LaConsolis. 953, i Do 4b, coupon.... 1222
Missouri funding... v B 4s reg of 1907.1113?
L ir '' ' lias 691^ Do 4s. coupon.... 113
%i Do 4s 84 1/4 i Do 2s 96><i
Mobile A Oh!<T<;" 68 I Do is. reW 11.^
j Mutaxl union 6...110 Do is. c0up0n.. ..1 13%
vt^ic 8 ? 118 '- 117^ Va funding deot... 62 Vi
? V i:* StLoul " 4 » 106 i Do registered.
NorA \V est Gen 3slJo ! Do deferred 69 6
N Carolina con 4s. 101 I Do trust rcpt stpi 6»i
I ..^.^ 123 iW»oashl st 65.... 10?7*
Ul West ouure 4L4, i .,.lob&'u
**»»»■«> to 111 --a: B
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN' LIVKBPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., Feb. 17.-The spot market
i' " lel at 6s 6 Vad@Bs 7%d- Cargoes are dull at
1 33s 64, December shipment.
VUTUMMM.
I The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
1 Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb-
I ruary,6s2i, 4 d; March. 6s i;Vijd; May, 6a 4 U;
June, 63 3V*J; July, 6s 3i/ 4 d. '*
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ksn., Feb. 17. — Consols, 112i/k
--■ilver, 29 11-16 d: French Rentes. lo^f 30c.
EXCHAXGE AND BFXLIOX.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8614
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 B*£i
I Sterling Cable* _ 4 89
i New York Kxchange, 5ight.*.... ".'."." — 25
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — °7%
Fine silver, per ounce _ «i..
Mexican Dollars , "" _ {ji^*
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND UTHSB (.RAINS.
WHEAT— Futures recovered somewhat. Ppot
Wheat was steady, but quiet. Quoted at *1 25(<t
1 32% ft ctl for common grades, $1 36@1 36Vi
tor average No. 1, 51 37 1 a |l ctl for choice and
91 42Vi2@ l 60 %* ctl for ex ra choice milling.
CAT.I. BOARD NAI.KS.
Informal btssiox— o'clock— May— 2ooo
CU«, $1 SJi/ a : 60 JO. *1 328,1: 2000, $1 S3;10 000.
51 32%.
Shcosd Session— May— 4loo ctls, $1 3 .'.„■
18.000. SI 3:.J^. •-*••-•"
llMici.AK .Mmi.vi.vn Skssiok— May— 000 ctls.
#1 34: WOO. «1 3a-/ 8 ; 2i,v00, *1 34i 8 . I>ecom
ber-4000. $1 20; lG.uuU, {,1 1»%; 4»;UJ. S. 193*
afternoon- skmmon — ber-2000 (••'is
$1 l^Vi; aoOJ, «1 l»»4 May — bCOO, $1 in'
I 4oco, *1 88%: 4000. $1 Int. " T
BAKLKY- -lilpment of 13,441 ctls Chevalier
valued at 917,464. to Sydney. ,
The market (or Feed Is xtendy and nt changed.
Brewing is dull. Feed, 76@«Oc ~& ctl: Brewing.
87^fe093^fcc,
CAM, BOARD SALES. '
Isfohmal pkssion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Bfcosd njcasioK — Xo»a:c«.
!!K(.n..a Moknino skssion— May— 2ooo, 78c
-12,1.00. 7-1 3 ..
AFTKHMIHN- Sess:on— May— 2ooo ctl«, 77»ic
-2000. 7>3C: 6000. 76Vb'- December— looo, 7b'c. '
OATS— Milling are quotable at $1 2t@l 40;
I Fancy Feed, $1 37y a 45; Common Whit.-, *•<$
1 1 10: good to choice. *1 l"i©l 35, according io
quality: Bl«ck for feed. 9Sc@*l OS; for s-'ed
»1 10@l 25: Gray, SI IB@l 30; Red, $1 10@l 20
--(surprise, $1 44©1 50 V cvi.
CORN- /■ no; her heavy shipment from the East
w« received yesterday. Tne market l« rver-
Htock.tl with these *ood^. Large Yellow, 75/SBoc-
Small Round do, 90c; White, 77V.,@8'.'i aC « ctl
JtYK— Bsrg9Cc i*rll. '
JJUOKWIIKAT— Quoted at $1 16@1 25 f» ctl.
FLOI'R A>*l> MILLSTUFFS.
Bbipmeut of 14,394 bbls Flour, valued at $G9,
--; 734, io Sydt.ey.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
S4 8.'.©4 95: Bakers' extras,- ?4 75@4 B5; Buper
flue, $4©4 35 >! bbl.
CUUNMKAL. ETC. -Feed Corn, *17@17 53
--! Cracked Corn, $17 , r i()®18 1* ton.
HILXSTUFF: PtIcesIn sacks are r.s follows,
I usual discount to the traie:' Orahani I :our $.' 85
| V 100 lbs: Rye Hour, *2 75 V 100: ice Flour,
*5 76; Cornmoal, $"&2 26; extra cream do, $2 76:
Oatmeal, 83 50; Hat (iroal*, 94; Hominy. $3 10
(£3. MO: Buckwheat Flour. $3 26@3 50: Clacked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat Flour
$3; Rol.ed Oats (bbls). if."> 5U@5 90; Pearl Barley
I »3 7. >(54: Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, *4 25 %i
1 100 lbs. .
HATf ANO I'£ ED STUFFS.
BRAN-812 iSO@l3 for Iho best and $11 60@12
V ton for outside brands.
UII M,ING.s-slB 60@19 50 for lower grades
and if 21(1(5,21 ~t ton for the h. St.
FKKl>sTU>Ft> — Rolled Barley, $17 Bo@lß-
Oi cake Meal a- the mill, $20 50 > ton; jobbing'
$27 50: clipped Oats. $1 SU (al 50 * ctl.
HAY — Wheat, «8(g,ll: Wheat and Oat, »7«
10: Oat, $6@9: Baney. $70,8 50: River Barley*
*5(a»o 50; Alfalfa. $6@7 50; compressed. IJS6Q
0 50; block, $5(a6; v lover, if«aß ■ ton.
I STRAW— * bole.
. BEANS AM) SEKDS.
BEANS — Bayos, $1 50@l 60 * ctl: Smail
Whites. $1 IB@l 25 f ctl: I.aree Whites, $I^lll6
'^ ctl: links. $1 lo@l 25: Reds. $1104120:
Ulackeye, $1 lOOil 15; Red Kidney, $2 50. Umas,
$1 7(i®l 90; Butters, $1 25©1 60; Pea, «1 16(3
{ 1 30.
SEEIiS-Brcwn Mustard, »2 60152 75; Ye low
Mustard. $1 75gt2 "$ ctl: Flax, $1"36<ai40; Ca
nary 13,i@2V*c V Ib: Alfalfa, Ci4c; Rape,
SVa'SSS^c; Hemp, 3c: Timothy, 4V>c.
URlKj> PEAS— Nilei $I@l 20 * ctl; Green
$1 40@l 50 * Ctl. ;. r j
POTATOES, ONION', VEGETABLES,
Onions are In steadier tone a&aln. River Po a
toes continue weak. Tomatoes arrive la a decayed
condition.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, — 91 ft; Sweet Po
tatoes, $I@l 50: Early Rose. 7U(USOc; River t eds,
70(58Uc: itirliatiK SeedlinKJ. tO^7Ac ft ctl 101
Rtverx,9o(@sl 10 for ballna* and 60@8Jc for Pet
alumas: Oregon Burbaoks, 75@$1 10.
ONION!- $1 6C'@l 75 ctl; Cut Onions, 76c@
$1 25; Orecoos, $l's(iia.'
•- VEUiiTABLKS— IIo housa Cucumber*. 50c(S*l
9 dozen; Asparazus B®inc f» &> lor common and
■-o@2sc <£ Ib for choice: Rhubarb. — «* box: Lot
■ Angeles Summer -(jiiash. 7 6r(<r.fl B b^X: i os An
geles tireen Peppers, 40@75c %* box: M inliroenir
lU@2oc V* It>: ilarro\vf«t >quash. $t:@7 ft ton;
Los Ansrele-< Tomatoes, 75<(a^(i ¥ box; Dried Pep-
Deri, 7@Bc t* tt>; Green feas, 3(q):''C ■$ Ib; I^is An
eeles siring iieans, &@10c; Dried Okra. B@9c V
Ib; Cabbkße, 40ft£M)(< V ctl; Carrots, . s(o.Juc V
sack; Garlic, iy 2 fe2c i* Ib.
BI'TTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Continues weak.
Cbf.amf.ry -- Fancy creameries, 20@21c; sec
onds, 18©19, IS lb. ■ - - •-
Da IB y— Fancy rolls, 15(516c: squares, 16©17 c
i f lb; cooa to choice, 13<M14c; lower grades. 10®
12 IV*
i'IcKLKD— 13(a)l 4c » tb for old and 16c Tfr tb for
new.
>irkix— l£©l4c « Ib for old and 15c V tb for
new.
C RKAMKRY Tdb-16@17c %i It).
HhKSK- Is very weak, choice mild new
I« qumuble at 9©lt c 1* lb: common to pood old,
<%(3.8%c t< ib; Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c lb;
loung America, 10@llc; Western. ll«*12c: r-.ast
em. 14@14%c.
i 'iG.~— btore Fggs are still lower. Rnnch Eggs,
13©14 c; store Eggs, Il@l2c ft doz; Duck Eggs,
POULTUY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The only change of any consequence
is a:, Improvement in dressed Turkeys. Hens are
steadier. Another car of Easn m will be offered
to-day.
Live Turkeys. 12@13 m for Gobblers, 12<ai3c
* tb lor Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 1->@l6 %* !b:
Oeete. %) pair. $ I 50«tl 75; Uos in-s, $2 6u<£3;
Ducks, J4 stieJs 50 ft r old and $6(g,7 for young :
Jiens, $4us4 60: Roosters, youn.% V.l&b bO:
do, old. $4; Fryers 84 60r<i»: Broilers. $4 60©S
lor large and ?i:@4 for small; Pige«ns, .*.©
2 ."•0 »( doz for i ouug and $1(<61 25 foro'.d.
GAM I • — Kn.lish &nh c aie ijuo-atileat $2 10C&3;
Jaci Snipe. D <!oz Hare. 50(475c Rabbits,
*1 25 for Cottontails and *1 for small: Gray
fieese. 82 50; White Geese, fl; Brant, $1 60;
Honkers, $3 50@4.
DECIDUOUS AND CIIRCS FRUITS.
Oraniies are quieter. Lemons are lower and
negleoted.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c@$l ■$ box for choice, $1 25@1 50
for fan y Hed 60@75c for common; Eastern,
$1 50@3 >» bbl.
BERRIES)—
Eastern Cranberries, $6@7 f. bbL
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $1 7*1(32 75 'if. box: Seedcingj, 75c(j£$l 25 » bi;
Lemons, s<c®sl for common and $1 26@1 50 for
good to choW: .Mexican Limes, $5; California
Limes. 75c@*l 25; Bananas, »l-fl2 \. bunch:
Pineapples, $:.'@4 * doz.
DKIKU FRUITS, KAI*INS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
CARLOAD Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and llivg,r-V for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prune*. *3@3»/ic for th« 4 sizes;
Peaches, 4@*>i. r _ for prime to choice. B%©7c for
fancy and i(£luc for peeled in boxes: Apoles. b(s
SJ/aC for evaporated and ■.(3- I :>c for sun- : rii-d ;
Pears, 2%@5c for prime to choice, 4@5%c for
quarters aud 6@6%c for ha yes: Plums. 4> for
pitted and l%c for unpitteil; Nectarines, 3Va@
41 ~c for choice and 5%c for fancy; White tigs,
8c; li ack F:gi. 2»/i@2%c.
Jobbing Prici-s— Peaches, 4v..@r>%c %« Ib:
fancy, 6%(q,7V>c >■ Ib; pveled, 12%; $ Ib Apri
cots, 6%;0.5j p lb: lane . 10c: Aioorp»ri:«. l-fg»
13c; majoru.nl App es, S^ic: SUD-dlled, "J ■'< i.a i";
l'runes. 3%c for me 4nl/.e<: Figs, black, :t," lor
unpressed ami S@3%c for pressed: wulte Flks 4c;
J'.iuns, 4%@r>c for pitted and 1 a c for unpitud:
Nectarlnfs, 4<&dc tt> for prime 10 fancy; Pear*,
2 »i({psc for *\ho.e, 4%@5%c lor quarters and 4%
®6%c for halves
Kit li?i.\-_
Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose, 5%c;
three-crown, 4"» cf* It: two-crown, 3^c rs Ib;
beedltss sultanas. 6%c: suedless Muscau-is, A^M;
three-crown London l..yers. ?1 15; clusters, #1 f>o:
lJehesa clusterri. $2 6*o; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes, 8c fi lb.
Joiihinu Pkil^m San Kbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, s ; ' / 4C; 3-ciown, 4 a 4C; 2-crown, 3'< 4 c; seed
lens >ult«nas, 53^c: seedless Musra.eis, 4' >c:
3 crown London .avers, Si 25; clusters, $1 JO;
Dehosa clusters, $'2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 '25.
N Ctieslnuts quotable at fc@lo.-; Walnuts
6%(i£7c %« !b for standard and .b®9Vi:<'" lb tor
sof.bhell; AluioDds, f(ai6%c for Lunguedoc, S@
sy a c furhardsht-U «nd B»9c TH Ib lor papersi.ell;
Peanuts, i((i6c 'v< 16 for X >stern and 4c lor Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts f-@t>c >. lb; Prcans 7V»@
8< V lb: Gilberts, 7%@»c: Brazil Nuts, 7' o»c;
Cocoanuts, f'lq.b .'.O r> '00.
HOMCY-Comb, 10@l2%cfor brightand s@9c
for lower grades; water-white traced, 5©5%n:.
light amber extracts, 4%(jf4S4c; dark amber, 4®
4%c: dark. V@3c S lb.
BEESWAX- t> lb.
PROVISIONS.
A decline In C'O'.tolene is 'he only change.
CURED MKATS— Bacon, 6c * Ib for heavy, 7c
V It) for light medium. 9%c for light, 10c 9 Ib for
extra light and ll%c ft Ib for sngar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12y 2 c; California
Hams. 10(itl0i 2 -; Mess Berf, 57@7 50; extra
mess do, *Bf£b o0: family do, 49^u«ilO; extra
prims Pork, $7 50ai8: extra clvar. *lti t» obi;
mess. $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c V Ib.
LARD— eastern tierces is quoted at 5%c for
compound ana &<S6%c for pure: pails, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces, svji.> • jic ft lb lor compound and 6 1 »c
for pure: balf-bbls, 6 : ',4c; 10-ttit.ns.7i/ic; do, 6 tb,
7iijc?l Ib
OOTTdLF.NE— S%@S «ic In tierces and 7?i®
BVbc In 10- Ib tins. * ~
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
HIDES AND SKIN->— Lulls and brands sell lc
under sound stocic. Heavy salte.l steers are qunt
ab'.eatSn 9 Ib: medium, 7c 9 Ib: light. 6©6% c:
Cowhides, 6i£6%c; salted Kip, 60 &>; nulled
Calf. 7@Bc: uud Veal, 6c; dry Hides. l'-'%(g>
13o; culm and brands, 9',2(Bi;Uc t* tt>: dry Kip mid
Veal, !<ig,loc: dry Calf. l&c: culls, 10c; Goatskins,
'Jl)@'M each: Kids. sc. Deerskins, good summer,
25c m Ir>; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, lt(g,JOc each; short wool, 2*<<s3sc
cab: medium, 30(0,4 5j each; long wools, 40(g,60c ■
each,
T ALLOW— No. 1, rendered. S@3Vic; No. 2,
2%c: rtlltced. SC: Grease, 2c »> lb.
WOOI —We quote: San Joaquin, 4@6c; Eastern
Oregon, 7©:o. fi lb.
HOi'M- o(d)8c fur fair to cho.ee ami C*(a;loe %a Ib
for fancy.
GINKKAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain nags, spot, sc: June-
July delivery, sc; Han Quentiu, 34 75: Wool
Bags, 24%@-26ys.'.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ton: New Wellington,
98 per ton: Soutblleld Wellington. .*; 50 jt ton:
Seattle, s:'i 60; I'.ryant. $5 60; Coos Bay, «■» 75
't* ton; Wallsend, #15 5 0 %\ ton; Cumberta-d,
$13 50 > ton in bulk and $16 In sucks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg. Sll@l2 ft ion: Welsh
Anthracite, tNgtlO; Cannel. 48 "r< ton; Rock
J-priiign, Castie Gate and Pleas^n. Valley, $7 60;
Coke, 811012 In bu and $13 %» ton In sks.
si'iiAK— Western ~ug:ir Kellning Comrany j
quo;es, terms net cash: cube an 1 Crushed, 5%c: j
Powdered, sc: Hue Crushed, 6%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4^'gc; Confectioners' A, 43/gc: MaKDOiia a,
4c; >■ xUa C, 31/gC: Golden C. B^c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vis e more.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BERF— First quality, 6c; second. 5@5%c; third
do. 4@4%c V »..
VK,iL-Larg-, 6@6c; small, 6@7c V Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@tJ%c; Ewes, 6%@6c
V lb.
lamb— Spring, 10@llc v lb.
PORK— Liv» Hogs, 3%@SS/ B c?i for large and
3 « 4 (a.;-" s c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4 /4
@6c r 1 Ib
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or sks ... 8,236 l-ran. sks 115
Wheat, ctls.. 1,7:0 Hututr. ctis..._ 409
Barley. ctl«..._ . 2 63") Chiea, cms..., 1.8
Keans. slcs 875 hi;«v uo» „ 7,770
Corn, ctti.. iluwv n0.... „ -V 0
Eastern 6,8 0 Helti. bdts ..'.*" 255 '
Oats, ct ls. j Wine, jrals. .. . 32,000
Eastern 800 Quicksilver, flsks 51
Rye. ctls ... DUO Wool, Dis 192
Potatoes, sks.... 3.119 Leather, r01u.... 118
Unions, .i Urn*, bbls .. . 3a^
Middlings, 50... 200 Alfalfa Seed, siu 81
Hay. tons . 310 lallow. .. . 4
♦ — * — •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William S. and Mabel P. 'lvvii to Lloyd Tevis,
undtv tied live-slxteenihs of lot in Wemern Addi
tion blucks 172 an 173: also undivided three
rltbllu of lot on SK corner of Cnestnut and Octa
via streets, li -J06:;-{ by 8 137:6; $125,000.
same io Lanslui; O. Kellogg, same: $10.
Auiustejuiri Jeanne (lilbvrt to William Tschlrch.
lot on H line or Sutler street, 60 15 of Lyon, X 22:6
by s 100; $10.
Patrick an ! Hannah O'Keane to Edmund
O'Ki-ane. lot on X line of Guerrero street, 150 N
Of Rid.ey, .N S8 by X 80: $10.
Kees B. and Mary J. Thompson to Hans Peter
sen, lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 280 W
Of Noe, \V 5.1 by N 114: $10.
Nellie T. and Edwin Bunn to Archie Merrill, lot
on W line of York lee:, 1-.6 sof Twenty- third, S
'J6by W100:$.O.
Cn%- and County of San Francisco to utricle
OBr.en, lot on >; line of Harrison street, 104 a of
Twentv-thi.d, s 26 by R 100: * .
Ad.'ipii and Anna Dobrzensky (cr Dobryzensky)
to Angus a Dobizensky, lot on s line oi 'i wenty
flfth street, 178:2 W of Dolores, \V 25:3 by S 114:
Jacob and Una Heyraan to John aid Mary
Lynch, lot 18, Hey man Tract (on X line of Alva
rado street, 300 \V of Douglass, W 25 by ts 114);
Michael and Barbara Weber to Magdaleoa Wltt
mi( r. loto'i U line of Pacific street, 111:6 W of
Moil joinery, W 2t5 by S 181 : $10.
Joseph M. and William 08. Macdonough an 1
Agnes M Agar (Macdonougb) to JlaccionoiiKh
iUtate Company, lot on KB corner of Mutter street
and rant avenue, H 100, E 60. S 40, \V 2:6, S 60.
W 67:6: $10.
Mary J. Gieen to Eliza B. Green, lot on NW line
of Perry sireet, 117:6 SE of Thlrti, .\E 'JO by N W
tO; gift.
Ucrtrand O. and Cellna M. Chaudos to J. J.
Raver, all interest In estate of Mari.in L. J. McD.
Eensley. deceased, situated in Pan Francisco: $10.
J. i:o»s to -a-iit-. ail Interest In Potrero Nuevo
blocks 70 to 73. 10J. 101, etc: $10.
Jacob J. and Julia M. Bauer to Potrero Nuevo
Land Company, I'otrero Kuevo blocks 70 to 73,
100. 101, etc.
Joseph and Sarah Naphtaly, Charles L. and Car
rie Ackerman, David Frledenricri, Joseph 1. and
Agnes M. .-chniit: to same, all interest in the fol
lowing: I o; on XE corner of Potrero avenue and
Xl Dorado street. E 200, N 59. W 100, S 34, W
100, B 25: $lc.
, C ' arellce E. Judsin ib Edgar L. Ormsby, lot en
W line of Thirty-third avenue, 150 S of I street, S
25 by W 120; *10.
Jull.- Ann Hob: to Dennis F. Miordan, lots
17 and 18. block 1162, Outside LaDdt, being lot on
W line of Thirty .fifth avenue, 275 X Of U street,
N 60 by w 120: $io. : .
Builder's' Contracts.
Jacob Stem with W. L. Holman, to build two
elevators in building in coarse of construction on
NW corner of .-ansomeand iiaileck streets; Pissls
& Moore, architects; f 3765.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mocks declined yesterday, ion. Cal. <fc V* sold
down to ?1 85, Cbollar to 84c, Ophir to BJc. Best
& Belcher to 59c, Uale <fc N'orcross to 51 05, and
soon.
Keutnck is assessed 5c
The Eureka and Silver King assessments fall
delinquent In board and the Bullion assess meat in
office to-day.
The joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tunnel is in 958 feet, having bean ad
vanced 14 feet dm in.; the past week. The face
shows porphyry.
>o ore was extracted from the Confidence mine
during the past week.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to four carloads of ore. assaying
154 75 per ton. This ore came irom the north
drift on the 900 level, where the seams are small
but. ot good grade.
On the 1 100 level of the Caledonia mine they ex
tended the southwest drlit 8 feet lor the* pint
week, 1 total length past mat crosscut 1 87
feet. he drift has been passing through por
phyry, spimi of clay and quartz, the quartz as
saying $5 08 per ton.
The Gold MinuiK Exchange has closed its doors
and removed the furniture
The annual meeting of the Western Beet Sugar
Company. lias been called for March 1.
The postponed annual meeting of the California
Powaer Works will be held February 19.
BOAKD SALES.
Following were the tales In the San Francisco
Stock; Board yesterday:
HKBCLAB MOBNINO SESSION. COMMKVCINO 8:301
200 Andes.. "...l8 950 CC<fcV...2.os 200 Ovrmn..-10
10 JO Belcher. 23 20 2.00 200 Potosl 44
6UJ 848......84 3000 Con 1m..01 150 Savage.... 43
20 J CnaUge...36 200 ii&V 42 200 s .\v 35
100 Choir 100 HdkN... 1.U600 Union. ...35
SOO* C PoiniVjil ° PUt i 3O "'*" 07
300 CP01nt....21|
AFTKRNOON SESSION— '1 :30.
200 Alta (I 4 380 C0«fcV...1.83,400 Potoit 40
900 Andes liiOU Conn 85 300savaite...40
300 Belcher.. .21 650 O <!c VJ 39*200 Seg 8et.... 06
70J k.&ti 58 650 HAN . .1.05 00 . 06
aOU l-.n1110n....1l 3UO N G<fc C..31 30<i Umou...'.;<S
SOU Choir 84 500 Mile. SSS 10J Vj»CK«t..2l
SOU ...t:5.400 Ophir 81.J00 'ii
200 ChaUee...36
Following were the tulaj In the Pacific Slock
Board yesterday: •
HKGULAR RFSRIOV— IO:3a
400 Alpha. ....OG 400 CCV.. 1.91:1/., ia JO Occd 08
00 Alia 01 100 l.jk 700 07
350 Anaes>l2V 2 10J conn 9 600 Opalr 86
4UU Belch «*....'.:.; 100 „.._ 200 80
60J B<fcb 6-1 iO > V lino UllsOv* OTrmo... 09
'■iuO 611500 ConN V...01 250 Poioal 4*
20u 8u1110u...1t ..u.i » f0iut... 2*1300 SaTat*....42
400Ca1eda....1( |j«)i| Exclir 500 Scorpion..o
-iS'J CullDge. ..3f> ISJ U ii 42 SOU &8&M...06
300 Chollar....Bfc »50 11&.N....1 .15 :-so i »Nar 3»
850 87 50 1.1 7 1000 BHi 11 ....01
200 b5 tiOO 1.10 60 5tdrd...1.70
CC*V2.O2y 2 '00 Julia 0145U Union.. ..35
100 2.10 400 Justice. ..o<2oo 34
libO 2.01 500 Kentucl£..ol 100 33
i»400 2.0"i 1200 l, Wash.. Vzmtk 07
450 1.97V 2 700 JUex 37J20J ¥ i*i^l> ...22
700 l.tfiii-JOO 36J
AJTKR.VOOX SESSION"— 2:3O.
2on A1^^a.....05 | 1K25 CCiV.I .9r,s o 0ce1dt!....07
600 Alt* 04 500 l~'Jbl)li 0vrmn....09
40J Andes 11 400 i.92Vs|iO) Puiosi ...40
80J l-.elcncr-. -(■ O'J U<feC iV 1000 "....41
30J tAB s>> 40J Hi lad i fftvace..4O
200 Bullion 1 1 300 H<tN 1.C71 2 UOO a Nev.. .34
600 Cal«xla....ot 1810 1.05 50 fcturd. ..1.70
200 C1ia11«*...34|30U U«xican..3: .'OO Union... 33
40J Choir 250 Ophlr 7b 310 Utah_....O6
700 84 200 _BU4Oo V jc«.i....21
100 Con» Mil 81200 33
400 CrwnPt..2(j|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
WEDSKsuaY, Feb. 17. 4 p.m.
J Hi. A »A MuLAi/ci-f.
Aim.rw,.... 05 O6Jol!a - 02
Aim. VS 06|Justlc«l. mm , — 05
Andes. 11 12 «Centnck...,.^ 01 CS
helcher 20 21 Lady Wssn.... — 12
iirst & Boloas: 61 02 .Mexican 35 36
Bentou Con.. . Id i:0 • v».1» gnwix 14 —
Bullion 10 11 North G & C. — 80
Caledonia. OK li utcineu.m. .... 08 09
Chollar 85 86 Ophlr bO 82
COD.UjUtfcVa... IbO 1.05 ovenn»a_...^. 10 11
Challen«o Coo. 35 36 I'otosi. „ 41 4*2
ton. lmp«n*l. 01 us 5avage,.. ..:... 39 40
Confidence 85 — bcorpion. ... lii 08
Con Hew — tV ' >.te. Belchac. 05 07
Cruwn Poln^.. 19 2Ui>ilver ilUl . — (1
ta»tSlerraN«r — Ual«n.N«nJU 34 35
turtkacoj._ — it standard 1.U5 1.76
£.xcheauer 02 m -synUiCa-^. ..„ O'J 1.0
Uuuiuoi Curry. 39 41) I ntouCou 34 3*
ii»,ioL.>ufa'*l.nu Lot Utah 05 t6
Holmes 15 — icUoWJ»c*4fc> 22 23
JackKOn — 25
STOCK AMD BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY Feb 17 -2 r. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
JtNC«a*au sin. AtHea.
tTB4s c00d.112 — O re?... 10* Uuij
Do new usue 122 '_. —
 . UISCKLLANKOUB BONDS.
Cal-stCblnSs. ill' ; i.:; Oulcciaabs.. — 104
Cal Elec L. 6«121 1&2 I tio ad la 55. . . — UOJ/4
CntraO W 6s 95 Omnious tf5..1213i122V*
Dpnt-stex-cp — b7i /4 |P io Ky 6s. — US
Idsu LitPii^l27Var-9 P&Chßy6s. — 103
t«tCIIKR6s — 10k» Pwl-stRR 6*114 119
Uearr-st Kss — 103Vjtheno, WUL — loi
M 1 <ts by,*. 103 _ facto <t L. - 100
l.ciAncLtii - 100 I&F&NI'HSi.. 1005 8 .01
Do tin teed 69 — 101 |SPRKAnz3i yl3. VilV 3
Mict-stCble63l22Vß - ■sPRRCaIdn. — ' 115
DoKyCon &v 106« 106%^PKR».a16». — 100
>"aiVlnßsl*t — iOO ~PBrRCal6s. 97 98V* 1
NevCNBR7.*.IOS 105 SV\Vateras.l2oVßl-'OV3
NKy Cai 6s.looVi — -VWater 100 ' lOOVt
Jly Cal m. — 95 StktuOitEoi — 102^3
•«ATicn ftockv
Contra Costa 37V« 4) i- 2 -itji.- Valley 17 V» 97%
MarlnCa.... — M 1 ; /s
«AS AND KLKCTRIO 9 TOCK*.
Capital, -r- 25 Paciflo Light 49 60
Central.. 98*2 — SFGJtEIec. 8684 96
M Kiec l.isai 7 — ;aa >'rancjco 1^ 2%
U«l£ li 1. 4 H — £41 is iiockloa — -0 i
l'»c baa Jaip — 91 .
INSORANCK STOCK!.
Flreman'sFdlßo — |
COMMKBCIAI. BAN'S ST>IC«
Antlo-Ca1.... nl — First Nation: 181 —
Banlcof Ca1..237V?242i LondonP(SvV.l J7y a —
Cal&D>bTColUß 110 |ilerchKx.... 1J —
MySM BANK BTO'JK*.
GerS&LCo.. 1325 1400 ISav <& Loan.. - 105
llumbS±L.HoJ - Security.. 343 —
Jlutua! 33 — UulouTrus;.B2s 900
sir's* v Union — 476
STREKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 10 — oiiic sufcHagr — w<j
Oearyst....- 26 — Presidio. ..~ 4% —
liarilel-5t.... 43V 2 <33,4J
■ . " l-»Vl)r... STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant C0n.... 30Va 303/.
CalUornia.... 80 110 IVlsoriL — 80c
Kmtern 1>.... 75 85 |
lllll(:Hl,],*\Knn UTOOKt.
AlaslcaPlrn. — 104i /4 Xat Vln Co.. _ jji^
Her Lead Co. 80 100 > ceanlcS.-JCo 24 26
HawC&^CO.. l&Vs l6V|PtcAuiFA — 4
Hutch .-a I'i.o '.'«% '. 43,4 PacßoraxCo. — 95
MerKxAssn.. — 110 jparf PatntCo — •/
SALTS— MORNING SKJJSIOX.
Board—
70 Giani Powder Con 3' 00
20 6V Water 5,7 ti2Vi
AFTKBNOON SESSION.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con SO 00
SO do do 3«» 25
:-'& do ao 30371,3
50 Hawaiian Commercial „ 16 00
200 Hutchlnson •« P Co. _ 24 75
j(i Oceanic S 6 Co 24 00
Mr- t -
15 raclfir Lighting 49 60
20 * V Water 97 6 214
$5000 a V 4% Bonds 100 25
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A\V Kenison. Auburn DI) Allison <& w, Fresno
.1 T IV own. Birds Ldg J Noves, Riverside
CII Oilman, Palo Alto X Oppenheiln, Sacto
F Botsford, Bun Jose D J Miller. Menlo Park
(i Edmonds, san Jose II 15 Bay, Los Angeles
S T Newman, Salinas W Hoed, San Jose
«< \V Cook. Amhor.it I. Kamiey, dan Diego
T Hamilton, Fresno It L Hogz it w. Saratoga
Frank Hunt, Ogden Mrs G S McKenzte. Napa
Dr A X Osbjrue & w, X Hudson, Lakuport
Eldrldge J B Keller, Chicago
\V X Jenkins. San Jose J Uriftin, Momicello
I! A Preston. James. n H B Black-, Los Angeles
W Elijah. lowa GO Farmer, Modoc Co
W A W'yun &w, lowa 1) A Oitrom. Yuba Co
I, Mason & w. Chi J Ferguson, St. Louis
Mrs A.G Ferguson, St >' P > orris <£ w, Los Ang
J.ouls Miss B Lucas. I're«no ■ .
(i W Heald, S:a Cruz F Manlfy, orand Juactn
PALACE HOTEL.
a X Orlnwo'd. Chicago F Hirsch. N V
E N Camp. Chicago Mr Lubin & w.Los Angls
Mrs E N Camp. Chicago T E Butler. Buue
C Chicago M A Marcuse, Marysvlle
C F Vevy, Chicago Mrs Marcuse, Marysville
C Power, sacto C D Fontana, Ccpperopol
J H >hnle. >« nora C M cooler, San Jose
G s B .ffar.e, S Louis L WunheiiDer, Pa
J S'libbels, Chicago . F W Wood, Los Angeles
J H Edwards, Salt Lake X Bennett. Tfcoma
X X Cuthbert & W, Gnat- 0 X Gilbert, Buite
emalu' . - JII Hewey, »in Jcse
X s Collins, Butte . Mrs Hasslni;er, Honolulu
Miss HasslDger. .Honolulu II Weber, England
C J McUullougn, Enclnd V II Buck, Vacaville
\V Campbell, Ls Angeles 8 Matlock, Chicago
L D York, Ohio 8 Kosener, N V
Mrs S D york, Ohio
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
John GreeD, Los Angeles T A Kehoe, Janesvllle
C A Mnrkley, Cal U Brayhitun. Cal
J A Kine, Ugden, Utah J M Harrison, Benlcia
M de Lisle, Stockton B D McCarthy, Cal
it Lnngfoid. >ar(o J B MulliKan, Fresno
Stephen Gas:?, Fresno II 1! Kobertson, L Ang
M Koyle, Denver Peter Hansen, Stockton
Miss II iJurKe, N V Mrs J/avldson, N V
J Matthews. Fresno L Koroland, Tulare
James Mvler, Hlverside B P Ho.land, Sncto -
P Hhviiop. siinu Rosa T A Mutton, sulsun
P J Masi-.n. Peuluma B d Snlelas <fc fm. L Ang
James £pragi«, Cal A Curry, Victoria
H Kichcfl itipon II M Stone, Colton
X Klchort, Kipon J B Krnngion, Miss
(4 W Til on, 1 athln, 111 OF I ilton, 111 , . .■.'
J A Thunen, Fresno J X Thompson, N Ml
«' J Adams. Chicago T Wllibur. Chicago .
J X Buckner, bta Ros» • W a Johnson, Cal
J A Williams, Carson It M Jackson, Carson
P V Martin, Keno J J Read, Lodi
C M Kennedy, B Maieo E X Asmutsen, Mill V
LICK HOUSE.
R F Allen, Oakland J Conn. OakviHe
W X Griffith, Oakland J W HeDder^on, Eureka
A F (iraeter A W, Dillon Mrs C X B.aice, Kureka
1) Brun^on, Livermore W Carothers, Ma Hosa
W Mi-Minn, san Jose H Eic^hoff, saa Kafael
A Howc-11, Mo<lesto J Mcßnde, N s,.n Juan
F i-cv.ard Downieviile P X <."'een, Milton
W L WT.sey & w, Cal W W lla:c>, Acnews
J W smith, Oakland B X Loir.'. Suisnn
J Buffing on. Nev City C Landier, sacto
W W Irving. Al.-mida JA f onttil, Stockton
Miss Bric-.ani. Shasta Miss N Brlceland, Sliasta
J Homer. Spokane T <i Johnson, sun Jose
G B K.i zcnsteln. sacto T J Duffy, San Kafael
1 X Waiton, Krd Bluff G Cnzoer, Belmont
D C Demarest, C.I
BALDWIN HOTKL.
Q Micliavacci. N^pa Mrs N Stevens, Stockton
P H Kuben. Fresno W B tarrer, Fresno
\V Hopkins A »t. Minn G C LiKhtball, Denver
t \V >;rine, .% V B J ds. Omaha
X M Wolf, .-acto B Kacan. Sucto
Miss H Bvrou, Sacto a J Koonlc, San Joee
J F 1 offer, Sau Jose li Heynolds, San Jose
A Schiii z, San Jose .1 Morton, N V
F Butler. Chica.o II Morris. Seattle
B J Mllier, Seattle C Jones, Vallejo
Miss Ward, Va lejo C Woods. -Napa
TilK CALL CAiiKMJAB.
OttA.V SltAliMt!?,
MtAMhi.S XO AKKIVii,.
SUN, MOO > AND IiDK,
— —
Dnitko States Coast and OFornrno BtrßvnT-
Tub and Heights of Hum and Low
Watkrs at Fost Point, Kntranck to
Kan Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF THK SLU-KIUNTKXDEXT.
Notk — The high and low waters occur ai trio
City Front (MlMion-strsot Wharf) about twenty
five minu ci later than at Fort Point: the neighs
of tid* is 'he same a: both plarp*.
Kebruary-1897.
Not*— ln ths above exposition of the tides the
sarly morning tides are given in the l«ft hand
column, and the successive tides of the day la the
order of occurrence t< to time. The second turn
column tlves the second tide or the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column given the last tlds of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometlm v
>ccur.r Tho heights given are additions to ttis
soundings on the United states Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precede* tUs
height, and then the number given is subtrsctir*
from the depth given by the charta.
SOTICi; TO 3lAKi:Sr;lf*,
A branch of the United States LT-drographlo
Office located In the Merchants' Exchanee is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to Tlult the
office, where complete sets of chart* and aalltatc
directions of the world are kept on hanA :or com
pur sou and reference, and the latest Information
can always b» obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation aud all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build on Tele
graph 11111 la hoisted about ten minutes before
hoou. and Is dropped at noon. 120lh meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day iro.u the
United States Naval Observatory a l . Maru Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, Is
published th» same day ay the afternoon pipers,
and by Use morning papers the following ilav.
W. a. HUSITRS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge>
The Time Ball.
(iA.\rH HYI>JIO«J»APHIO OFFICTRi T7. t "T. >
MEKCHAXTS' ExcKAN-sn -
Ban Francisco. February 17. 1897. : )
The time ball on TeiegraDii ll in was drontiel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at. nooa of the 12 J;a
luendlau. ux exactly nor st, Greenwich lima,
w. a, uoskxj,
Lieutenant U. K. N. in charge.
hiiii'i ...... ».>i..i.Li > ..aii,
Feb 7-Bktn Am.lia. for san Francisco, via
iia na. Feb 9— Br stair Gae i. for Yokohama.
KaHVLUI- •mti««il Jan 31— Ship George SSot.; ot .
son. hence Jan 10. Feo J— -chr \V F Jeweit, f ra , a
liono ill it Jan 5 — sc.ir Metha, from Newcastle.
NSW; Haw bar~ Lentil, from Newcastle, N.-,w. '
>alieti K»b 3— Brie i.urline, for s»u i- mticisco-
WAIMEA KaNAI — Arri-ea F<*b l--ci-.Oj
n-va. from Victoria, and sailed Feb 4 lor Japan*-
HILO— mailed Ffb'J-xiaric Annie Johnson, ft/
Sau Francisco.
\rnveii Feb 6— Schr Mermaid, from Victoria.
MONTEVIDEO ailed Jan 31— lit unit Pro
gresvst, for St v Inceni.
PANAMA— SaiIed Feb I— Stmr starbuck, for
Manilla
Arrive.! Feb B—'tmr8 — 'tmr San Blai, henre Jan 8.
BARROW— Arrived Feb 15 -Br baric Kiluiullle
hence Sept 18.
QUKKNSTOWN— Arrived Feb 18-Brshtp An
drada, from Oregon.
UAI.A'AY- Arrived Feb li —Br ship I'ort Duu~
las. hence sppt 30. *
ALGOA Arrived Feb 13-Brstnr Len
non, hence Die 17.
Importations.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— 34 sks peanuts 2
pkgs mdse, 145 l).v:iurau?i>i, 2 crates cabbage, 3
bxs lemons.
Ea« ban Pedro— so b bis tar, 7 bx»oransej, 97
cs canned gods, 9 cs e?«s.
San Pedro— A cseggs, 3 pkjrs rndse.
Hueneme— 18 pkes m.lse, 1 cs 0255.
Veniura-1 bbl baking powder, 1 cs harness 1
pfccmdse. 2 cs eggs, lea hardware, HbAiwuio'is
276 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara— l ca orange*.
Gaviota— l bal pelts, 3 bis butter, 11! sis craw
fish.
Port Harford— 4 ska wool, 27 pkgi hiJes. 1 bdl
j peits, 1 bdl S skins, li bx» butter, b • •■« MS I
plow points, 1 sk tails. 1 bbl tallow, 1 ta shoej,'l3
bXS fl-ih.
Cay UCOß— 37l-2 bxs batter, 8 cs cheese, 17 cs
eggs, t>3 dressed calves, 2 coops chickens, 1 pke
mdse.
San 'imeon- 4 pkgs mdse. SHy 2 bxs butter 35
tubs butter. 3 coopi chickens, 31 3 r* eggs, 1 bx
hardware, 45 dressed calves. 1 cs suoes.
Monterey— Ics logwro ', 55 bdU green htaes 1
bdl calf hides. 9 bdls pelts. 4 bides, 3 bb. tallow
7 bxs fish. 194 ox s apples. *
HONOLULU — Per Australia— l3,l6s U -ar
15»o bias rice. 209 bags coffee, 6>9 bdt* K reea
hides, 21 odls skins, 6 bxs Icp:pl leaves, 6J.9 bciis
bananas, 669 bxs bananas, 150 bxs pluea^pie,, z %7
sks plants. 12 bxs axle crease, 7 pkgs ni1,.., 35-j
empty keys. 83 empty wine lartk., '.6 bbls empty
bottler, 3 empty ammonia drums, 1 corpse, la liar .
eels.
GUAYMAS— Per Orizaba— 2 pkgs metal, 5
bxs lead. 8 sks sulphurates. 60 ska garvanzus.
Carmen Is and— lo2 tons i-alt.
la. Paz— 6 bds <l>eisklns, 109 sks damiana. 1
pkR coatsklns, 178 pkgs dry hides, 323 p**s deer
nicies.
Altata— 6 bale< Ixtle, 3 bars cold, 786 sks silver
lead ore. 25 sks. sulphurates, 38 bH sks mlne.al. ~70
sks polvi!lo-<. V
Mazatlan— lo cs lemons. Ics crockery, 1 ;^i
c pi pper, 8 bbls shells, 22 sks horn-. 1 sk pepper,
4 cs bird sKiii-s 35 sks castor beans, 127 bxs t;r
tomatoes, 52 c-t salt Hah, 177 pkgs salt hides, 1 cs
or« samples, 145. bags silver ore, 400 bags gold
ore, 4 sks metal, 1 pkg gold and silver bullion, 5
bags precipitates, 1 es oleta de tiburno. 1 bx lead
ana silver ore, 2 ban i pkg gold and silver, 30
bars 1 box silver. 1 bar gold, 40 bar silver bullion.
San Jo^e del Caba— Jo2 bxs tomatoes, f> bxs
chiles, 165 pki(s gr hides, 18 pkgs dry hides, 1
bai deerskins, 17 bales damiana.
Mugdulena Bay— s live turtles, 9 cases dried tur
tle.
Knienada— 3B pkgs green hides. Ics scales, 5 sks
beeswax, 1 box dynamite.
Coniilgn«e<,
Per Australia— A L Taylor; Alexander A Bald
win: California Wine Assii: Chluda it Botto: JO
Flanders: Kvelelh A Naih; Enterprise Brewery:
Fiacu A Hirscbield; Garcia & Magglnl: J C Itued,
<t Co: Wieland Brewing Co; J lvancovicn & Co: M
\V McChesney it .--ci • 1 .1 ; J I»>preciveis A. Bro« Co;
Jones & Co; LO Sresovlch it Co; L Scatena it Co:
Winaker & W'elb^nKs; -Mrs Whiting; M Phillips it
Co: -M S (irmhuitu & Co; N Gray it Co: Pope &Cfg
Co: M S Grinbaum it Co; M I) Verv«lis; Siewnrt
& Co: Williams, Dimoud & Co; Wetmore Broi; T
H B Varney; Ban Francisco Brewing CO; Welch it
Co ami various Chines- merchuuts.
Per Coos Bay— J 11 Cain A Co: Gould & Jaudtn:
W C Price it Co; Gray & Baroleri ; Ku man. >»lz <ib
Co: Wolf it Son: Wliila'id Produce Co; America.!
Type Foundry; Eveletn <t Nash ; D &Co; M
C Mangels: Tillinunnit Bendel; Gets ISroi A Co; V
Peterson: llaat Bros; Holbrook, Merrill A Stet4on:
Nathan, Dohnuaun & Co; Man Francisco Wicks
Co: W P I)». ; standard OH. Co: Pacifl.: Ammonia
and Chemical Works; J Ivaucovica & Co: Wit
Adams: Kilmer, BrodhofT&. .Schulz; SStr.iuns; It
Morrlil; Levl Spiegel <tCo: s II Emerson A Co; W
l'Liay; APaladim: Porter, Slessinger A CO; l"ac
Coast Fish Co; Dairymen's Union ; P.iciiic Const
Fish Co: Uodce. Sweeney it Co: A Pallies: I axoma
Co; Smith's Cash Store: Wheaton, Breon it Co; a.
Ean»: Brigham, lloppe A Co; Western Meal Co;
A Wyss; Marsuall it Kelmers; Dattou Hro-i; (Jor
dan A 10; Bisslnger A Co: American Union Fish
Co; J B Insa^lia: L D Stone A Co; F it Co; II
Buoeman: Norton, Teller A Co; H N TildenACo:
Marshall. Teg«art A Co ; 11 Klrchmann A Co: H
Meyer: Chas Montgomery it 1 o: Schweitzer A Co;
O B Smith Co: Well man. Peck* c*,; Siksiuhii
A Wormier; W\V Montague A Co; Woodward,
Bennett. & Co; Norton, Teller <St Co: liliUßros*
De Bernard! A Co.
Per Orizaba— C D Bunker & Co. Thannhauser A
Co: McLaren A Co; Garcia A Maglnnl; F Hutlipr
A Co: A Paladin!; Brown it Adams; Welia
FargoACo Bank: i and Consolidated Mexican Min
ing Co: >elby Smel in? and Lead 10; I, F !.»,
treto; The Anglo-Cslifornia Bank: Bank or C«ll
fornia: W Loaiza t t Co: Alt Stevens & Co; Chas
Te zen: Wm Fredericks; California Academy <.f
science: X L Stern: Cabrera. Koma & to It
Levl & Co; G W Alexander; Gardiner A Thorn
1*
OCEAN TRAVEL. 1
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY* >qhrn^
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -C2isi2
For Mary Island, i.orinic. Wrangel, Juncau, Kll-
llsqoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Feb. 10 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taroma, Evorett, Anacortes and
New Wi Mcorn (Bellingham Bay, Wash.) 9 am.
Feb. 4, 10, 14, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vanoenver with the C P ii.
R., atTacoma with N. p. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcaia and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 'Z p. v., Feb. 1, 6,9 13.
17. 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter. '
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucov
Port Harford (San Lois Obispo), Uavlota Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East san
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 9 a. it
Feb. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. and every lourta
day thereafter. "/T
For San Diego, stopping only at Port nanorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
««eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5. 9, 13 ' 17. ai, 25, and every fourta
day thereafter. <*"»«■
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Mara'lan L%
Pan and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer OrUuba, 1
a. M. 25th of each month. * * v
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office-Palace Hotel *
New Montgomery street. ' *
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAW I>
From Rpear-streee Wharf, at 10 a. it.
FA T?"R 1 - r l3 |r|p » t -olana 1 Including
Second-class /berth <fc me!i!i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George TV. Cider Feb. 12, 23
State of California Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to ail
Eastern poima. Rates and folders upon applies
lion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS* CO.. *upertru«-tidentt
PEjaamilM B.^. AUSTRALIA for
jSMHIE " I)N OL r Li: ° :i ■■•■
L *£ MB """ Tuesday, Pebrnw .'V
■ <■ at 2p. m. Special p»r:^
(jjX I • > rates. , ML
JSftMlTl'Ulin d The N. H. ALA M • <fT X
OIUllllJlll^" galls via Ho.NOLC-u.cr
/ofnn^niL. and Auckland foe
VJJHlipaitfcr SYDNEY. Thursday,
March 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.,aud CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. 1). SPi'.KCKKLS <t BROS. CO.. A«»ntv
Fre-,ht omce. 5.7 M.r"* Montgomery stree-
Fre'xht Office. 327 Jlarkw »i.. San ■ •-.,-. ,■(«->
COIPIGIIE GENERAL IftUSATli|]Ti|Qi
French Line to Havre.
nOMPAKVS PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH jm
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -sSpSb
this Hue avoid both transit by English railway ant
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Kgypc via l\irU
first class $160. second clais $11&
LA BOVRGOUXE Feb. 20. sa. it
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27,8:30 a. st
LAOASCOGSE March 8. da if.
LA r.RETAONK March 13. B*. »c.
LA NORMAN M»r -0, sa. it
AsT tor further particulars apply to
. A. FORGKT, Acni.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Agents. 6 Moiu^oina.-f
•venue, San Francis', a
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.,
At t) P. »1. Dally. .Freight received xl 9
to >:3.» I*. M. v
S3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■ 1 lie only lime gelling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points ou Vi.ile/
Railroad.
BTKAMEBS:
T. C. Walker, . J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. C'ai. Nay. and lni|n. Co
FOU VALLEJO AID U. S. OVY-YIRB.
STKAMKK "MOXTICEtLO," lji}
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a.m. and 4 -V
Saturdays »10:30 a. m Ip i
Sundays 3 r £
Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier "
Telephone Black '2H
•Trip elves 0 hours s'.cjii »i -Navy-Yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAW \ CRUZ
GTJSAMEB ALVISO LEAVES PTFITI MOV
■1 uesdajr. Thursday. Saturday, at 3, M Freig*iHAPPY RESULT
OF A MARRIAGE
It Really United Four
Hearts Instead of
Only Two.
Miss Cameron's Brother recon
ciled to His Wife With Whom
He Lived One Day.
laterestinr Chapters in the History of
Two Branches of Oae
Family.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 17. f
The hasty marriage of Miss Effie Cam
eron to Frank Richardson has resulted
more pleasantly even than was antici
pated by the principals and their rela
tives. The knowledge that his younger
sister wa? about to enter a married life
which gives promise of being a happy one
brouebt her eider orother to a sense of his
duty and resulte.l in a reconciliation be
tween him and bis young wite, whom he
deserted one day after their wedding, less
than a year ago.
j The history of the Camerons is full of
| romances. About two years aco it was
announced tiiat the eirls had been made
the heiresses of a rich uncle living in
Canada and thai soon they would be in
possession of their fortune. When this
MRS. FRANK RICHARDSON (Formerly Eliic Cameron), Whose
Marriage at a Revival Led to a Reconciliation Between
Her Brother and His Wife, With Whom He Only Lived
One Day.
n°w3 was circulated the credit of the
Camerons was rated very high, and Mrs.
Cameron furnished a tine mansion in
East Oakland, and when the fortune came
not the furniture-dealer resorted to the
courts to recover his property.
A little time after this incident Elwood
Cameron met Miss Lottie Gunther, to
whom he was attracted partly from sym
pathy. Miss Gunther came into notice by
being found in an unconscious condition
on her mother's grave at Mountain View
Cemetery. An empty poison bottle was
lound by her side and she staied upon re
covery that she had been led to attempt
suicide because of the death of her mother
and the unkindness of her father.
Soon after this she was engaged to El
wood Cameron, but he was still under
ace when in March of last year he secured
his mother's consent to marry. The day
after the wedding he deserted his young
wife, and for a long time he resided in
East Oakland and she has been ssay.p^ at
the Chabot Home.
Elwood OniiToa never went near his
wiie until the night prior to the death of
their little child, which occurred a few
■weeks ago. Even under those conditions
the /oung pecple were not complpteiy
reconciled, but last nij;ht when they at
tended together the wedding in the ve-try
the old affection was rekindled, and El
wood took the initiative in bringing about
a perfect reconciliation. He has a home
in East Oakland, and it is very probable
that in a few days they will occupy it to
gether.
BURNED IN EARLY MORN.
The Beautiful Home of George
Hume at P.ecmont Totally
Destroyed.
Va uab c Brie- -Br.c That His Taken
Years to Collect Has Also
Perished.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.)
. • &08 Broadway, Feb. 17. )
The beautiful home of George H. Hume,
. president of the Alaska Packing Associ
ation, was burned to the ground at Pied
moat this morning. It wan built twenty
■two years ago by Mr. Hume and was one
of the finest homes in tint portion of the
State.l .
. About 5 o'clock this morning Mr. Hume
awoke and smelled the fumes of borne-
ing burning. On investigation he found
the din room full of smoke. He imme
diately awakened all the occupants, and
th.ey bad barely time to dress and reach
the ground before the flames were in con
trol of the house.
His son telephoned for the Fire Depart
ment, but b fore he could get an answer
he was driven away by the smoke. Mr.
Hume and some neighbors tried to do
something w.th the garden hose, but
accomplished nothing. A chemical en-
Igine was finally secured, but it arrive t
Woo late, and the mansion was it arrive
oo late, and the mansion was totally de
stroyed.
Very little furniture was saved and none
of the valuable bric-a-brac which the fam
ily Has been collecting for years. There
were about »lx people in the house at the
time and none of them are now in posses
sion of more than one suit of clothes.
The cause of the fire is believed to be a
defective flue. The place was fully insured.
Women* .Exchange Is Prosperous.
' 'OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The direc
tors cf tl<e Woman's Exchance met tlin
morning and decided to continue their
work. The treasurer's report shows that
the exchange is in a satisfactory con
dition, and t tie directors d-xided o pive n
benefit entertainment some time about
Eusier. At today's meeting many new
members wern added.
McM illicit Is Left Out.
OAKLAND, (al, Feb. 17.— The Re
publican City Central Committee pub
lished its t cket to-nigtit, and tnere is
con* derable talk because the name of Dr.
MiMul>n, School Director from the
Four h War I, is not included in the li-t.
Secretary Bi-hop says that he was ordered
to keep it out by the committee, and tli;:t
he ha*-- no power todisobey orders. In the
published list a long das-h marts the place
that should b a . occupied by Dr. McMullen,
the regular i.oniinee of the convention.
Xoiiy Student. in a '1 heater.
OAKLAND, Cat. , Feb. 17. — Some uni
versity .--tudeiits created a disturbance last
night n the Oakland Theater. O:i being
led out of ihe theater one of them cut an
oil ! a nting ■•• ith bis can", but as no com
plaints wern sworn to this morning it was
evident that the young fellows compro
mised with the theater managers.
Mm. Olsen Once -More. '
OAKLAND, (al., Feb. 17. — Rosalie
Trub !;:is sued Mrs. Olsen for $700. Mrs.
Trnb made an agreement wish M rs. Olsen
to provide her with a home in 1898. and
ever since that time Mrs. Olsen has been
before the courts, either as wanting a
divorce or being married or being sued.
An Insane Horse- '- raiimr.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. 17.— John Han
nigan, an old hois -trainer, was arrested
this aiternoon fur being insane. He
walked into the Y. M. C. A. olftce this
morning, informed the secretary t.'iat he
was Chief of Poace and proposed to take
charge of the |>lace.
Kpgtaurant-Keepers Fail.
OAKLAND, Cat... Feb. 17.— Catusich &
Anderson, restauran-keepers on Seventh
street, have tiled a petinon in insolvency.
The debts aggregate $1450, and the assets
are unknown.
Old Man Found Wandering.
OAKLAND, Cau, Feb. 17.— Joseph E.
Lawrence vras found yesterday wandering
aimlessly about near fc;in Leandro. He
said he came to California to secure em
ployment, but was unable to tell who his
family wer* and he is apparently de
mented. Ho 13 about seventy years of
a^e and there was nothing on him that
would lead to his identification. When
arre-ted the old man was suffering from
want and exposure.
Killed in a Runaway.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17. —Michael
GattT was killed while trying to stop a
runaway horse yesterday afternoon. The
ace dent occurred at Twenty-sixth and
Grove streets. Gatter held on to the reins
for a few feet, but was thrown beneath
the wagon and *o badly hurt that be died
a few minutes later. He was 5'J years of
age, and leaves a widow and six children.
Resigns ag t ommlssioner
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— H. O. Trow-
Hndge, who was selected by the State
BoarJ of Trade and coramiHMonerl by the
Governor to taue cnarg- of the California
exhibit at the Hamtiurg Horticultural Ex
hibition, has resigned on account of ill
health. His resignation has not been ac
cepted as yet, as it is hoped he may re
consider it.
Mingpelt His Children's Xamei.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 17.— George H.
Stein of Berkeley used language in such
un erratic manner that when he died and
his will was filed it was found that all his
children were given names which were
sufficient to recognize them by, but not
legally correct. His wife to-day filed a
petition for permission to correct the will,
so that her children can get the property.
Willie Ran Off to Fresno.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— Chief of
Police Lloyd to-dip received a dispatch
from the police at^alveston. Texas. They
had nrre-ted Willie Danneker, the lad
who escaped from Whittier Reform School
where he was sent for taking a sack oj
coin from a Bro dway reataurant. The
boy will be held at Guiveston till the re
form school decides what to do with him.
AN OLD MAN KILLED.
William Jone« Was Returning From an
J.riiiiiil Wh«n struck by a
Train.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17. — William
Jones, a man 70 years of age, was struck
by a westbound local train at Seventh and
Market streets this morning ami received
injuries from which he died two hours
later.
Jones was a well-known character in
that neighborhood. He has lived there
for many years and on several occasions
the engineers of 1 ca.' trains have been
compelled to stop to avoid injuring him.
His lower limbs were partially paralyzed
and he walked with short, halting steps.
He was also absent-minded and could not
hear well, and although the flagman
waved bis flag ana shouted to him tie was
struck by the piiot, whicn Iractured hit
skull. He died while the doctors were
operating on I iin.
Jones lived with his wife and children
at 717 Sixth Mi. c:. and the griei of tne
former at :he hospital was very pitiful, as
sh* blamed herself for allowing him to go
and buy some milk. She said he did not
want to go, but she insisted and he went.
Still .-ending Dmpatches
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.-The Her
chants' Exchange held a meeting, at which
the mater of the Oakland Harbor Asso
ciation was consider- d, ami resulted in the
following dispatch being sent to Senator
Ferkinsand Congressman Hilborn:
tt™ <? Oakland, Cal., February 17, 1897.
Hon. S. O. born, House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C: Oakland is a.Urmed at the
prospective defeat of the harbor appropriation
ana urges you to use every effort to have this
great Interest, the work and nope of many
years. By order of tne Merchants' Exchange.
Geoeoe W. Abpjsb, Vice-Preildent.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CIVIL WAR IN
THE VETS' CAMP
Comrade Hyde Says Lyon
Post Is Always Cre
ating Trouble.
la Return I Is Stated That He
Has No Stand ng in the
G A R
Simuel W. Backus S ys the Opposi
tion to the Dibble Bill Is Un
worthy cf Notice.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Boadway, Feb. 17. )
The old soldiers of Oakland have an in
teresting fight on their bands. Nearly
all of them have gone on record as being
opposed to the Dibble bill transferring the
Yountville Home to tne State. At a
meeting of the Army and Navy Republi
can League Jast Sunday nearly all the
members voted in favor of a resolution
condemning the bill, or, rather, certain
feaures oi it.
To-day, however, the veterans got a big
surprise by learning tdat one of their
number, ex-As^emblyl^an Marcus D.
Hyde of Oakland, has written Senator
Stratton urging him to support the bill,
as it represents the feeling of 95 per cent
of t.e people of the State. Senator Strat
ton has also received a letter from ex-
Posimaster Backus of San Francisco, in
which he says:
I notice by the papers that disgruntled and
disaffected Grand Army men have held a
meeting in Oakland and entered their protest
against the passage by the Legislature of the
to-called Dibble bill, transferring the Veter
ans' Home property at Youutville to the State.
They I em only to oppose certain features of
the bill as being unconstitutional, but the real
opposition is because certain men are named
as d rectors. Tnls is only a continuation of
the factious opposition which certain men
have been fomenting for over a year past and
is nut worthy of serious consideration.
The ores til board of directors are named in
the bill to serve as the first board under the
Dibble bilL Some of these names seem to be
objectionable to some of ouc Grand Army men,
especially in Oakland.
I have ventured to write you this communi
cation, believing that representations would
be made to you from some of your Oakland
constituents, and I wi-hed to assure you that
in my judgment the bill is proper and ought
to pass.
Marcus D. Hyde has aroused intense
feelings of bitterness among inur.y com
rades in this city by the following para
graph in his letter to S.nator Stratton:
Iv Oakland }'esterday there was a meeting,
ha>tily calltd. a; which there were some sixty
or seventy present. A committee was ap
pointed to go to p.-.cramento lur the puruose of
amending the bill. That meeting was com
posed intinly of the same persons who have
fur sever*! yean persistently worked against
the directors oi the home.
In the reports of the meeting it is set forth
that it was not the work oi Lyon I'ost. While
t..at is true, sti:l it is also true that it was
mainly the members of that post that consti
tuted the attemlnucd, and ma of the best
men we nave in Oakland knew nothing about
ti:e meeting, the notices being sent out on
Sunday morning for a meeting at 2 ml of the
same day. •■
It has been decided to retaliate on Mr.
Hyde. The members of the G. A. R. Post
in this city have secured Mr. Hyde's
record from Washington, and they say It
plainly shows that he is not en'itled to
cail himself a member of the G. A. R.
The War Department has forwarded a
statement that Mr. Hyde did not jo.n the
Government service until six monihs after
the time which would qualify him for
memkerstjip. More than this, they hold
Mr. Hyde's application for membership,
which they dec. are is dated six months
prior to the time at which he entered the
navy as a midshipman.
.Municipal politics also cut a figure in
tais row among the veterans. About two
weeks ago the Army and Navy League ex
pelle t Comrade Inwall becou-e he at
tended a convention at which D.tvie was
nominated. inwalTs only defender was
Marcus D. Hyde, and there was more than
a hint thrown out that if Mr. Hyde said
anything further against the Republican
nominee, Comrade Thomas, his fate would
be similar to that of his friena Inwall.
This many-sided controversy is keeping
the old soldiers busy, and through it all
is seen the bitterness engendered by the
suspension of Lyon Post last May.
RAIDING DISEASED COWS.
Berkeley's H alth 0 fic?r Makes
a Startling Discovery at the
West End.
He Lhs in Wait in a Sw?mp for
Twenty-S x Hours to Take a
Law-tr akirg Butcher.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17. — Health
Officer Roweil has started a vicorous cru
sade against the butchering of diseased
cattle and the selling of impure milk. He
says he no longer intends to have tne peo
ple of Berkeley subjected to the riak of
contracting typhoid fevor and kindred
maladies by butchers and milkmen, who
foist upon them unclean and unwhole
some meat ana milk.
Suspecting that a certain We-t Berke
ley butcher was killing diseased cattle for
the market Dr. Roweil and Deputy Mar
shal Rawson lay in wait for twenty-six
hours in the svcfirup at the West End,
when finally they captured their man in
the act of killing a slck cow. Of his ex
ploit and of what he intends to do with
similar cases Dr. Roweil has the following
to say for publication :
Monday we were informed that a resident of
Berkeley had sold to Frank Glascr of ttiu
Go. den 'West market a budly diseased cow.
Officer Rawson was detailed by Marshal Lloyd
io assist in the case, and together we com
menced a watch or tho animal to be deliv
ered, which we were informed would be aoue
under the cover ol the dark, fchortly after
dark we were rewarded by seeing the cow led
into the barnyard In the rear oi Glaser's resi
dence and where it is alleged he is accustomed
to slaughter auimals within a few feet of h.s
neighbor's bedroom window. Alter havl .g
waited in the vlcluity until naif-past 4 the
following day we observed him slip into his
barn aud begin to butcher, at which time we
made our presence known and watched th
process. He admitted that he intended offer
ing It for sale.
The condition of this cow was simply
nauseaiin .•. The liver was freely s ioued w th
large tubercular masses; the glands were
brouen down; the .unus had undergone a
cheesy degeneration so that ttie animal
breathed with only a small portion of one of
them; in lact she was as nearly dead as Is
possible to imagine and still be able to stand.
This morning Glaser was arrested and ap
peared before Judge Gentry, where he pleaded
guilty to a eh irge of butchering the nniiual,
aud alter paying the immense fine of $15 w«s
given his liberty.
This cow to be sure is disposed of and de-
Htroyed. but a man can make money and still
pay an occasional fine of this amount. Wo are
not desirous of persecuting any one, but we
shall vigorouiv prosecute these people who
are poison ue their patrons by inches. Kunher
mor* butchers aud milkmen alike daily volua
teer their assistance in running down some of
these scamps who are ruining legitimate
business.
, Juniors Are Victorious.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17. — The
juniors at ttie State University added an
other victory to their lon« list of suc
cesses on track, endiron and field to-day
by defeating the R'jphoruores in the tinal
o. the class contests on the diamond by a
score of 9 106. This victory entitles the
juniors to play the dental colle c te«m for
tlie championship of the university and
the Mlver cup. They will meet next
Saturday atiernoon on the Berkeley
diamond. The game to-day was charac
ter d by the almost equality o: the
work on both sides, and it was not until
the ins: inning that the '93 men were
certain of victory. The heavy mud on the
fie. a prevented g>od base-running, and
rendered the outneld work most d lticult.
Following were the players and the r
posit.
Juniors. Positions. Sophomore*.
Foster I'trchrr Mutt
Jnrvi« Hi.clier Karnsbi r*
Wl »i.n First base all
)< Hiiu^ime tecoi;d base..; Bouesiell
i'.a.r Third basu Krjg
Be 1 Shortstop McLaren
Young Histht field Cliesebrou*u
Proctor Onter .Duttou
11 oag Left Held.'.". „ ...Swan
Water Bate War.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— The water
Companies' representatives had a lively
time for two or three hours last night with
the Board of Town Tru tees. The ques
tion at issue was the high rates lor water
which the people of Berkeley claim they
are being required to pay.
It was the general sense of the meeting
that the people of Berkeley are paying
very dear for their water. A- stated in
The Call a plank has been inserted in the
local Republican p.'atlorru deprecating the
high tariff and standing for a reduction.
University Cotillon.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— Extensive
preparat ons r.re being made for ttie uni
versity cotillon, which will take place next
Tuesday • vening at Harmon Gymnasium.
Preparations are even more elaborate than
those of last season and the affair gives
promise of being the social function of the
year in university society. Only 200 invi
tations have been issued, it being the par
pose of the committee to prevent over
crowding ana at the same time to niok<*
the affair exclusive. Following are th
members of the committee: Clinton It.
Morse, O. T. Wedemeyer, W. H. Smith, J.
8. Merrill, P. S. Knight, A. F. Williams
and L, M. Kob&ins.
N>w Officers Klected.
BERKELEY, Cai*, Feb. 17.— The Good
Government Club of Berkeley has an
nounced the election of tho following new
officers: Dr. Thomas Addison, president;
Dr. W. E. Rittfr, 8. N. Wyckoff, H. B.
Randall, P. M. Wilson and F. H. Lamb,
vice-presidonts; C. S. Merrill, secretary;
Kirnball Easton, treasurer; John Mc-
Carthy, H. D. Irwin and A. T. Eij^leston,
executive committeer J. M. Foy, W. H.
Wa-te and W. H. Gentry, membership
committee.
YOUNG WIFE IN TROUBLE.
Once Arrested for Lunacy and Now for
l>i.«: in bance.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Feb. 17.— Much in
tereH has been caused all day by the trial
of Mrs. Munuel Garcia for disturbing the
peace of Joseph Souza. Tne defendant is
the enild wife of Manuel Garcia, She is
15 years of age and has been married more
than a year.
Two weeks ago the child cheated a sen
sation by reporting to the Sheriff that her
husband bad murdered their little baby
ana had hidden it in the hills. A search
was made and the fact was established
that a child had never been born to them
and that it was only ihe hallucination o!
the girl. Because of her belief, Mrs. Gar
cia, it was stated, attempted to kill her
husband, but on promising to behave
hersell in the future she was released.
A lew days later the eirl wife went to
the house of Souza, where her husband
was stopping, and, it is alleeed. created a
disturbance. The District Attorney's of
fice whs assisted by Attorneys Langun
and Lemos, and Judge Lamson of San
Leandro defended.
The whole day was consumed in testi
mony and argument t.efore the jury. The
ca«e was bitterly fought on both sides and
did not get to the jury till about 7 o'cl< ck
to-night. An hour later they returned a
verdict of not guilty. The courtroom was
packed, and when she was acquitted they
cheered loudly.
Manuei Garcia stands highly in local
Portuguese society, and from the number
of witnesses against his young w^fe she is
evidently unpopular, but :rom the jury's
view unpopularity i 3 not a crime.
THE CROWD YELLED "PAKE"
An All«-gpd Prlzr-Fight In Plenaanton
Which . esulted in a Fiasco.
PLEASANTON, Cal.. Feb. 17. — A
crowd ot 200 sports, including one China
man, assembled in a large tent back of the
Rose Hotel to-night to witness a ten-round
sparrin.: exhibition between Charles
Turner, the colored middle-weight, of
California, and W. A. Nicholas, who hails
from Minnesota. The rip.iters were billed
to box for a pur*e of $800, but it is more
than likely that the winner will count ties
in leaving town.
Prior to the main event Billy Johns and
John Merchant of Livermore had a four
round set-to, which, by the way, showed
their utter lack of knowledge of the manly
art. The exhibition pleased the crowd,
however, as hard hitting constituted ti.eir
exhibition. Jack Sharkey and Mart
O'Brien fougnt three hard rounds, the
former navin" the best o. the argument.
At 11 P. M. Turn r appeared in i he ring,
hi-, seconds being Jim Ryan, who lately
fought Tracey in the Eas , and Billy Duke.
A lew minutes later Nicholas appeared,
with Biiiv Armstrong and J. Murpbey as
seconds. W. T. O'Donnell of San Fran
cisco was selected referee. The following
records the farce:
First round— Both sparred the whole round.
Turner landed two easy blows, one on ribs,
one in f ee.
Round 'Z— Turner did all the leading, only
three light blows being struck.
R. und 3— Turner hit Nicholas under the eye,
draulne first blood. No other b.ows struck.
K<'Uud 4— No blows struck.
Kounci s— Turuer looked at Nicholas, and the
Ui.tr leu to the ground und was counted out.
The crowd yelled fake and dispersed,
vowing vengeance on such miserable
fakers, and regretting the price o» admis
sion which they paid to see the affair.
Sunday-Closing to i:.< Submitted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The City
Council met io-night and passed the reso
lution authorizing the City Clerk to place
on the official ballot the question of Sun
day-closing. The discuss. on was a lively
one and ex-Judge Havens represented
those who favored closing. Several votes
were taken on t c proposition in various
•>i npes, and at one time the vote was in
favor of submitting the question of totally
closing the saloons. Then a compromise
was agreed upon and the Sunday-closing
proposition passed.
The submission of the question has no
executive significance and will merely in
dicate popular sentiment by which the
next council can act or not according as
it sees tit.
Water t'atei.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The City
Council p-iss il for tne first time the ordi
nance fixing the water rates for the next
fiscal year. The schedule does not differ
from that of inst year, which ia a reduc
tion of about 80 per cent from the rates
mat were in vogue three years aco.
At the Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 17.— The old war
drama "Blue and Gray" is having a fine
run at the Oakland this week. The pres
encr of a large company of the National
Guard is a very realistic addition to the
cast, which is very clever. The anima o
scope between the acts is a popular inno-
I ration.
MORE TELEGRAMS
SENT TO CONGRESS
Col. Suter Suddenly Leaves
His 0 fica and Hurries
to Washington.
Litt'e Hope That the Harbo
Will ReceiTi an Appropria
tion This Session.
Senator White Also Asked to Help in
Trying to Prevent Work
Stopping.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
'JOS B roau way, Feb. 171 )
The Board of Trade has not yet received
a reply from Mr. Hilborn re^ardin^ its
proffer of help in connection with getting
the harbor appropriation included in the
pending bill.
In view of the fact that the sundry civil
bill passed the House yesterday il is con
sidered doubtful if anything can be done
at thi> session, as tho present administra
tion is avowedly anxious to go out of
office leaving behind a record for economy.
Surprise was expressed to-day when it
became known that Colonel Suter had
quietly departed for Washington. Some
members of the committee anxious to
secure his aid in preventing the stoppage
of harbor work made the discovery that
the colonel had not been at his office for a
day or two an<l had gone to Washington.
Nothing could be learned definitely re
garding the purport of his mission, but in
view of the circumstances it is surmised
that t c has been called by the War De
partment to straighten out the tangle
which has arisen over the harbor matter.
As it is known that Colonel Suter does
not favor the ideas advocated by Dr. Mc-
Lean of Alameda it is hoped that his tes
timony may have some weight in restor
ing the appropriations to the sundry civil
bill before it goes to the Senate.
Yesterday afternoon the iollowing tele
gram was sent to Senator Perkins:
Oakland, Cal., Feb. 16.
Senator Gforgt C. Perkins. United States Senate,
Washington, D. C: Failure to secure appro
jviauou an 1 immediate continuance of har
bor improvement will cause vital damage to
our commercial interests. Oakland depends
on your best effort, and trusts it will be suc
cessful. Oakland Board of Tkade,
By James P. Taylor, President.
The co-operation of Senator White was
also sought in the following dispatch:
Oakland, Cal., Feb. 16.
Scnatnr Stephen At. White, United States Senate,
WashingUm, 11.I 1 . C: O.ikUnd asks lor your ac,
ive co-opemiun with Senator Perkins lv se
curing appropriation for immediate continu
ance of dredging of its harbor.
Oakland Board of Trade,
By James P. Taylor, President.
Although every effort is being made to
prevent such a disaster as the complete
cessation of work on the harbor those
most interested hold out very little hope
of nccornplisning anything till the next
session of Coneress.
MAJORS ON WATER RATES
Finds the Valuation Excrsslve and
Thinks the City Could Use the
Power for Other Things.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 17.— The state
ment made public that the water rates for
the ensuing year would be fixed by the
Board of Trustees at the same figure as at
present brings forth a lengthy criticism
from Green Majors. He claims Mr.
Thompson did not comply with the law
in not giving an itemized statement of
expenditures and receipts of past years.
He then continues:
According to his statements on file, for the
years 1891 and 1896 inclusive, he shows net
'■rifiis lor the six years, a total of about $189,
--802 48. Rflliabie authority has shown thai a
water piant capable of furnishing Alameda
w.th 1.000,000 gallon-, of water per day
(which is, 1 be.ieve, nearly twice as much as
tne city now uses) can be put in, complete,
with an allowance of three mi es of pipe line
to connect tne ciiy with a distant supply, for
irom $200,000 to $250,000. Mr. Thompson's
works are not worth 1 cent more than it
wouid cost to put in a plant now that would
be amp.c for Aiameda for years to come.
Allowing, then, that Mr. Thompson's water
works are worth the $250,000 it would cost to
complete a mlllion-gaiu.n-a-day plant, and
allowing him ti per cent a year on his invest
ment, which is more than one man In twenty
is making th-'se hard times, the rate for fami
lies In Alameda for 1897 should not be over
20 cents per 1000 gallons, or just a third less
than it seems uur Trustees have concluded to
allow him.
My position is either right or wrong. If It Is
right (and I firmly believe it is) no one could
claim an injustice has been worked either to
Mr. Thomp son or the public. Kigut wrongs
noboiiy. A wrongwrongs all concerned.
In ih:s connection I can't forbear su. gestinjj
that if this city owned her municipal utilities
the s'une plai.t could pump tne water, lurnish
electric lights and also the power tor running
the streetcars. Such an arrangement is not
so far (ff as some might imagine. Municipal
owuersh.p is agitating Calii<rnia, the United
StHt. s— the world. Progressive AJameda will
not remain in the rear rank* of such a grand
economic lorwara movement.
Gbkhn Majors.
A Trial Bun.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 17. — Conductor
Owens made a trial run from Park street
to Fruiivaie with his broad-nauge local
train last evening under orders irom the
pier. Th« run was made in order to as
certain the necpssary time required to
make the run. He accomplished it in tire
minutes, and now the question anse?,
"What does that mean? 1 M«ny think
that the trains will now run through with
the gates cloned, making it necessary to
show a ticket before entering. As this
ba- been announced so many times in
some torm or other the citizens are satis
tied to wait and see.
ConTentlon of Churoh Men.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 17.— Messrs. G.
A. Bordwell of the Pre*bytenan church,
Professor Andersou and Geurge Wittman
ol the Methodist church, have been ap
pointed a committee to arrange for a con
vention of all men's organizations in the
churches around the bay. Its object will
be to system ize all church and Christian
work among men, irrespective of denomi
national lines.
Will Adopt a Badge Design.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 17.— Mrs. J. A.
Cameron, president of the Alameda City
Christian Endeavor Union, has called a
special meeting for Monday evening at
2244 Alameda avenue. The proposition of
suitable badges for the union and local
societies for the July convention will be
considered and the recommendation of
the County Uni« n acted upon.
An International Parade.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17 — The Salva
tion Army wilt have an international
parade Thursday evf n ng. All the
different countries in which the army
works will ne represented, and at the ball
there will be a big aemonstrmion.
Treated Rose Unfairly.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17— Rose Menne
bau, wiio was taken b her father from a
place of amusement on Washington street.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
l.as been misrepresented by her father.
Because of her parents' boliavior she wa
piaced under the legal puardianship of
Mrs. Prescott of the Children's Society
and she is stiil her war 1 . Sne accented
the position in me snow ihrnugh an emp
loyment agency ai:d her father exceeded
his nuthoriiy when he interfered.
"Rose would not have been tuere," said
her guardian 10-day, "had I chosen a
place for her, but the show is not neces
sarily . bjoctionable and ?he was workinp
for her living. Her father is naturally
anxious to prove certain things ami it is
not right that the girl should suffer. She
is a good girl and will soon be in a good
situation."
ON TUATERNAL LINES.
3larriage of the Grnnd Prelate of the
Order of Chosen Friends.
Last Wednesday week Miss Kmie C. Browne,
graud preiate of the Order ot Chosen I'rieuds
in California and presidei.t of the Young
» adies' of fct. Mary's Cathedral,
was united in marriage in the raibedra'.
to A. P. Cos;rove. A 1 of the grand i fficers who
were iv ite City were in at.endancp, as we 1 ss a
luri;e number of the friends of the contract. eg pur
lieu.
The death of Mrs. M. L. Grohs, past grand pre
late, is annouoced. Mil- died in Auburn on the'
".: 7 tu of January was a member of Placer Council
and in the ntty-nr.h year of her age.
Evans Council on last Thursday evening, at the
close of the business session, presented an im
promptu programme under the direction of In
siruc<sr Wa.ler N. Brant. Grand Councilor
Bcenra, who was present, delivered a short ad
dress. J. P. eney gave a rending, Mrs. C. K.
Main itcited, Waller Uruut told wuat he knew
about bloomers and Mlas Emma Bryan enter
tained with a plan., solo.
After ti.e installation of the officers of Samaritan
Council by Grand councilor Boebm ihe retiring
couuciior. Lizzie Wirjen, was presented a past
counUior's Jewel.
Lust »\ eaueaday week Sacramento Council had
live candidates umlautl by the initiatory team, or
wnich addresses were made by t,. il."'llel, gr»ud
vice-councllur; P. W Day. grand trustee, aiid U.
J. Hartley, district deputy. This was foUowtd by
• valentine canque.. Each one uieseiit drew a
numorred valentine and the lady and geui.emau
ho ding corresponding numbers were partners for
the banquet. -a dunce followed the Danquji.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
Court Occidental received a visit last week from
A. A. Switheubank, P. C. B. oi tour. Mokelumne
of West Point.
Court Liv coin Initiated several candidates las;
Thursday and appointed a committee to make ar
rangements for an entertainment to be given in
the latter part ot March.
Court Vlgi.ant expects to consolidate with tithe r
Court Violet or Court Lincoln. *
The several courts of this city will hold a meet
ing, through deli gates, with a view to lag ing
action in .lie matter of tailing part In the Goiaeu
oate Carniva..
court i.uUloi Opbir was instituted with a good
charter list at Pasadeua last week.
ihe "at home" given by Cumt Mokelumae at
West Point in celebration Of Its second anniver
sary mas a grand affair. A fine programme was
presented.
l>r. M. N. Mltche.l of Court Madelalne of Alturas
is in this City and expects i.o visit the local courts.
A. a. Switnenb&nk, B. C. H. o. Court .MoKel
umne; John Uanseu, C. It. of court 'loma.es ami
J. 1. 'league o. Court Azulla of Pescadero were
Visitors at ii.c office of the permanent secretary
.a.t week.
Improved Order of Ked Men.
Next Monday in conformity with the usages of
the order and the c.io..s of the great inco
honee of the Untied -Mates, the tribes and coun
cils throughout the reservation will celebrase in a
manner b Suing the occasion, the anniversary of
the birth of Washington.
I'UrlQg the snow moon Great, Sachem J. Sims of
Nevada cliy will visit the tribes and councils in
San F an Cisco a* follows: Wednesday, February
17, ushonee Tribe: Thursday, .Mod c Tribe: Fri
day, Poc.vLO ito ana Arapahoe tribes; Monday,
22d, l'oral;oata» Coum.il; Tuesda., 23d, Unite
i-agle Tribe, and Wtdoesiay. 24th, Bala Eagle
'iribe. He will be here on Monday, the a2d, and
»i.i deliver an address at the en ermlument 10 be
given in udd be lows' Hall by .h ■ local tribes v..- !
der the auspices oi Modoc Tribe In celeoration I
of Washington's blr.hday.
Arrangements are being made for the deliveiy |
of a series or public lectures on the aborigines of I
Ameiia: by oue of the pr .fessors of Maiiford Uni- I
versity. Thesa will be delivered In Metropolitan I
Ten.ple under the auspKes 01 the tribes In San j
FmucuL-o.
Winueniucca Tribe had an adoption last Friday I
and W>'oniins Tr.be li.d two adoptions at Us last
mi i meeting.
Uliarl. a llope of Trnckee Tribe was In this City
last ween and reports the tribe in a prosperous
condition.
AuamusTrtbv, recently Instituted in the West
ern Audition, bad four adoptions since it was in-
H.llUtefl
A new tribe with, it Is expected, seventy charter
members will shortly be Ins i:uiod.
St-iulnoie Tribe, ,he French tribe, gave a .very
pleasant entertainment in California Hall on the
evening of the 6th inst.
The Odd 1 .Hows.
A grand reception will be tendered to Grand
Muster Warboys at Santa Rosa to-night by
the members of the order in that city and vicinity.
Past Grand Master William Henry Barnes was
the principal speaker at the grand reunion held In
Fi. sno las. Saturday night.
Uoideu Kuie i-.iiamiimeui is to celebrate Its
•.wenty-seventh anniv- rsury, and a committee
has been appointed to make arrangements to that
end.
oriental Encampment and Canton San Fran
cisco No. 5 will give an emertalunient and ball on
me 2tiih of April, the anniversary of the founding
of the or.itr.
There is some talk of enlarging the stage in the
social hall of the Odd Fellows, something that Is
necessary. for as it Is the sta.e is uot deep enough
to adu.it of ihe presentation of even a farce wUii
comfort to the participant!!. If ibis is dune the
iiuos Ver.-in, a German dramatic company, will
use the hal. as a Vo.k 3 theater every buutlay night.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Grand Overseer Herman Schaflner, one of the.
most pleasing, Instructive and entertaining
speakers on fraternal matters, will shortly visit,
lodges in Tehama, Keddinz, Shasia, j-.ed bluff,
liege. City, Arbuckle, WU.lams, Colusa, Max
well and Butte City. When* the grand ovent-er Is
anaoun ed to tarn, he is always greeted with a
large uud ice.
Minoi Lodge, with a charter list of forty-two
members, was Instituted a. bunol by Deputy
Grain Master Workman Poland, assisted by v. H.
l'Utiti-ii, past master workman of Oak Leaf
i cage. This lodge was secured through the spe
cial efforts of Deputy X F. Wells As a resu.t of
this deputy's «or» another lojge will be instituted
to-morrow evening at Pinole, Contra ■ Costa
County, by Deputy Grand Master Workman Po- i
land.
Native Sons of the Golden Wast.
During the past week the following-named visit
ors from the interior were registered at the office
of the grand secretary: Leon Dennery, A R. Na
thau and H. L. Luttrell of Sacramento; Frank L.
Coombs ot Nap a. a. Kiacaid and Guy P. Hail of
Redwood City, Thomas >'liut Jr. of U.-tn Juan, K.
M. Urunakey of Stockton, W. F. Mageeor San Ka
fael, C K. Runkel of Dutch Flat, W. H. L Ilynes
of Oakland, *.us Weiss, secretary of Mount Diablo
Par. or; K. Hymans, president, of Trao> Parlor.
•-vi.set Parlor v.f »ucr.iiuenio paid $300 for the ]
relief of members during u.e past term and still i
bas $2000 in its treasury. It has a membership of ,
120. The fo.lowlng-nauied were installed officers
for the ensuing term by Deputy Luttrell: li. '1. j
i.oethe, p.; K. .-leinman 1). M. . orris and J. J. !
.»iont<-v«"nli', vice-presidents: J. Edwin Hone. S. :
J. C. Carley, F. &>. ; C. K. Weavy, M.; C. M. Goethe.
T. ; (ieorge r-rhcr. arm, trustee, and Drs. O^den
and -luimous. surgeons.
Grand Trustee Mil. on D. Garratt starts this
nee. on a tour of 1 flicial vlsit»iions through I
Placer, Nevada and El Dorado counties.
Companions of the Forest.
Olympic Circle, companions of the Forest, F. of
A., bas been i.dvnticlnK rapidly and it is receiving
new meirb m a « very rai-otinc. . .
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Duke bas visited
Marysvlllr, rovUie, Woodland and (. blco. r> ports
the < In les th re in good condition and states that
wherever she wi nt »he was received with a great
ueai of genuine welcome ai d entnusiasm. To
morr she will to to San .1 ..p.oti the 18th to
Pajaro Valley, on the '.'4th she will visit Inter Nos
Cir< in this Cry and after .hat she will visit
. ore t-y ad Defiance circles.
Live <.<■!( Circle had a peasant reunion and so
cial last Wednesday.
liamlet Circle of Alameda initiated throe candi
dates last week and baa our more to be Ini
tiated at the next meeting.
.cxceislor lit It- o - bel an open meeting la-t
week, which was well a. if nil v by the members,
delegations from Oakland an 1 Untied staii-s of
America circles an 1 from the local circles. 1 here
was presented an excellent programme under he
direct. on o: Past Cu.ef i ompauion D. J. Johnson,
which furmsi.ed interesting entertainment for all,
after which them was a dance.
The Good 1 emplart,
To-night Valley Lodge will pay a visit to
l venlng Star Lodge, and after the regular bun
ness is over there will be a hard-time* social, ur
ine which bait, d beans and hardtack will be
served. The lodge held a very interesting meet
ing last Thursday night.
Templar Grov of Druid*.
The twenty-third anniversary of the Institution
of Templar Grove, Ancient Order of Druids, will
beet-let rale- 1 next Saturday night by an entertain
ment And social to be given In V ulon-square Hall.
Arraugem-n.s have been made for a pleasant
evening's entertainment.
Woodmen of the World.
There was a large gathering of the friends of
Western Addition lamp in. Frank In Hall last
V.onday nlghi on tie occasion of a va emine social
given to Its friends. Tnere was an emrriainnient
in which be participants were Miss May i,rown.
Miss Adeline .Mcavcv, Mrs. 1. Maliagb, Miss
Amanda Josepiil, a. I now, Mrs. A. O. Fester, and
others.
Auction Sales
$5000 WORTH OF IMPORTED LIQUORS,
Woodenware. Glassware, Crockery,
Fine Agateware. Tinware, Willow Ware* Lamp
Chimneys, Nickel-plated Ironware, Brooms,
etc., to be sold
THIS DAY,
Thursday February 18, 1897,
TO-MORROW,
Friday February 19, 1397,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 MARKET STKKKT. OPP. JONES,
We recommend these «oods as most excellent,
especially Agateware and Liquors, which are ail
imported goods.
INDIANA AUCTIO.V COMPANY.
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
IS PAID FOR TWO JOBS.
Robert L. Maun an Example of
the Meth ds of Rainey
Polit'cs.
Is au Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
and a Teacher in the Rich
mond Schorl.
The ways of Rainey politics are devious.
Under the regime the stable boss has in
augurated at the City Hall Robert L.
Mann finda himself on the municipal pay
roll in two different departments.
Mann is at present one of the assistant
prosecuting attorneys in the Police courts.
He was a member of the Democratic cam
paign committee, and for his services to
the party the stable boss promised him a
seat at the pie c inner. Mann was slated
for a $250 a month job as one of the Police
Court prosecuting attorneys, but when
the time to deliver the goods arrived
affairs were so complicated that he was
obliged to accept a place as an assistant at
a saiary of $125 a month.
Mann is also an employe of the School
Department. He is a teacher in the Rich
mond night school, or to be more specific,
he is the whole school, ami for instruct
ing the youn of that neighborhood once
cr twice a week he receives a salary of $30.
The Grand Jury may be asked to investi
gate how it i* that a City employe can
hold two public positions and receive two
salar.e.-) in violation of the law.
Mann had offices previous to his ap
pointment to an office in the police courts
with Congressman Maguire. His friend
ship and admiration for Rainey has al
ways been marked; so much so that the
big boss some weeks ago he.d a caucus in
Maguire's office, much to tbe surprise and
chagrin ol the Con. res^man's friends.
A CHILD'S PLAINT.
She Charges That Thomas Dillon and
His Wife Conspire to Defraud Her
of Her 910,000 Patrimony.
Catherine J. Brown, a minor, by her
guardian and attorney, Donzel Stoney,
has tiled a suit against Thomas
Dillon and Bridget Dillon, bis wife,
for the recovery of a piece of land on
First street, near tne corner of Mission
street, in this City, valued at $10,000,
which Mr. and Mrs. Dillon are alleged to
unlawfully bold from the plaint. ff.
The complaiiits set forth that Mathew
F. Brown, the father of the plaintiff in
this suit, died in this City on the 31st of
December, 18'J4, and that on the day of his
death and immediately before his death
he signed a document, purporting to be a
deed oi conveyance of the premises men
tioned to said Bridget DUlon, and that the
deed was recorded oa the 2d of January,
1895.
The dead man's younp daughter al
leges that at the time of the signing of the
purported deed ber father was not of
sound mind, and that he was mentally in
competent ;o sign that deed or any deed.
Miss Brown charges that the pretended
deed was procured by means of ihe undue
influence and fraud of Mr. and Mrs.
Dillon ; that her father had been t-ick witn.
consumption for a long time and was at
death's door at the time of the s gning;
that from the moment of the si ning and
until the moment of his death he wa-, by
reason of bis sickness and weakened con
dition, extremely susceptible to the influ
ence and aitinces of designing persons,
including the defendants herein named;
that these defendants, recognizing his ex
treme susceptibility to their influence and
artifices, conceived the design and intent
to influence and control him in the dispo
sition of his property to their advantage
and to the prejudice of his minor daugn
ter; that with this intent; tney prepared
the deed in question and compelled him
to write his name at the end of the docu
ment, though tbey knew it did not con
form to his wishes.
Miss Brown complains that this pre
tended deed constitutes an unnatural
and inequitable disposition of he? father's
property; that he had always been a kind
and nfft-ctionate father to her and mindful
of her welfare, but by this purported deed
the whole of his estate with the exception
of $700 was attempted to be conveyed,
thus making no provision for tue support
and maintenance of his child, the plaintiff
in this suit.
Mi!>9 Brown asks that the deed be can
celed and that she be adjudged the owner
of the $10,000 worth of real estate.
THE HOLSTEOM BABY.
She Is liikely to Become the Object of
1 wo suits.
Another phase of the struggle for the
custody of little Effie R. N. Holstrom is
about to be enacted, as Mrs. Sarah d'Arte
nay, the mother of the girl, has tiled an
application to be appointed guardian of
her own child.
The litigation in regard to tbis matter
has attracted much attent on in the public
press on account of the unusual circum
stances attending the case. The child was
born out of wedlock, and the mother, then
known as Sally MoGuire, executed a so
called Dill of sale of the infant when it was
«ii days olil to Mrs. Lucinda Holstrom for
the sura of $10. Mrs. Holstrom neglected
to lepally auoui the eh Id, and some lime
ago Officer Frank J. Kane look forcible
possession of the little one and tle.ivered
it 10 its mother, who took it to Woodland,
in this State. Mr. Holstrom, husband of
the child's foster-mother, learned of the
hiding-place of Mr 3. d'Artenay and went
to W> odland, and by strategy and lorce
regained the custody of tiie child.
Now boih mother- have filed petitions
for the care and custody of the little pirl,
and each alleges that the other i.s an unfit
person to have the custody of a minor.
The case will come up for hearing in
Judge Coffey's department of ihe Supe
rior Court on the 24th of the present
month.
» ♦ — ■»
Seeks to 1 nvc AssenstuentN Set Aside a
The PaciflV Postal Telegraph Cable Company
has petitioned the Supervisors to declare the
assessments for personal iroperty again «t tie
company for the years 1894-95 and 1895-9U
erroneous. Tne Mimimiinti amounted to
$10,000 each of the years mentioned.
» — ♦ — »
Vcvr Kngine Companr to Organize.
The Fire Comm:ssiouers have Asked the Su
pervisors lor tiuth.irsty to organize engine
company 34, to jro into service upon the tom
plei.onol the home now in course of con
struction on Ellis street, between Gough and
OctHY-if.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
02,">KKAB>YST. Established
, in 1854 for the treatment of Private
DiseHses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearingoiibodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<nrf.ep»r»ntepd. Callorwrita.
JDr. J. r.<*fßßO*r.Boxltt37.S<ui£'ruiciscgk
1112
PLEASE RETRACT,
SAID C. W. BUCK
He Made This Rr quest
Yesterday of the Board
cf Health.
This Resulted in Naming a Com
mittee to Afford Him
Satisfaction.
Then Letters Concerning County
Hospital Patients' Money Were
S;nt to the Grani Jury.
Charles W. Buck, rice-president and
general agent of the Helvetia Milk Con
densing Company, appeared before the
Board of Health at a meeting held yester
day and made a demand that some re
dress should be offered for wrong which
be said bad been done to the company
with wnich he is identified. Mr. Buck
appeared to be very angry. The grievance
of which he complained consisted in the
publication of a certain analysis submit
ted to the board by W. T. Wentzell,
chemist, of Highland Evaporated Cream,
which is manufactured by Mr. Buck's
company.
The report was submitted by the chem
ist some days ago, and was published in
several daiiy papers. Mr. Buck saw the
report, and vi3iied the otlice of the Board
of Healto, Miii also called on the
cnemist in his laboratory on the top floor
of the City llu.l. Somewhat heated in
terviews are reported 10 have taken place.
Mr. Buck said something about suits at
law and went away.
According to Mr. Buck's statement the
chemist insisted that nis analysis was cor
rect. Mr. Buck hotly disputed ibis. Ttie
routine proceedings of the board had
been completed yesterday, and the execu
tive session was- impending, when Mr.
Buck rose to ask permission to say a lew
words. In his band he held the monthly
report of the Board of Health for Janu
ary.
This pamphlet contained a report from
Chemist Wen Hell, but the analysis of the
Highland Evaporated Cream differed very
materially from the one originally re
ceived from the chemist and given pub
licity in the jiaperg.
Mr. Buck called attention to this. The
original report was that the Highland
Evaporated Cream contained 5.75 per cent
of butier fat. The figures published in
the board's monthly report were B.SB per
cent. These latter figures Mr. Buck was
not disposed to dispute very vigorously.
although he remarked that the Highland
Evaporated Cream really contains 9 per
cent of butter fat.
But he said injury had been done by th«
publication on the 4 a Lost, of the 5.75
per cent rating. Prizes had been given ail
over tne world to the cream, gold medals
and so on. The report hid been made
tbat the company extracts the butter fat,
but this, he said, wa-j not the ;act. He
had reports and ;;:.vits from noted
chemists, including Professor Hilgard.
"The { riming ot your report," said Mr.
Buck, "Las done us raucu harm. You
virtually Fay in your printed report that
the analysis previously made is untrue.
It baa, however, gone broadcast, and it is
a very serious matter. Tlie report as it
now stands ia virtually all right, and you
do not now say that we extract the butier
fa«."
Dr. Filz.^ibbon at once moved that the
matter be referred to the Food Committee,
which consists of Dr. Morse. Mr. Buck
found out wi;o the committee was and de
parted with the understanding that a reso
lution will be prepared for adoption which
shall undo, as much as possible, the effect
Of the chemist's first report, for publica
tion.
In executive session another important
matter came up. This was the report of
Dr. Hart and W. D. Griffin concerning the
City and County Hospital, which it was
voted to transmit to Mayor Phelan and to
the Grand Jury. This report dealt with
the sdministration by Dr. Stable of the
affairs of the City and County Hospital,
including the destination ot certain car
pets purchased for the hospital, etc. This
was accompanied by a supplemental re-
T'orf. by Dr. William on, which it was
voted to forward to the Grand Jury alone
with letters and correspondence relating
to the moneys of patients remaining in
the hospital during the incumbency of Dr.
Stable. This allusion 10 the moneys of
patients is a new feature of the scandal
connected with the hospital.
Dr. Williamson reported that the fund
for hospital purposes is too small, and
that at the end oi the fiscal year it will be
greatly overdrawn.
Paul E 1 wants, steward of the City and
County Hospital, reported an insufficient
nupj'ly of cooking utensils, ward furniture
and bed c'othinjr.
Dr. Fitzgibbons reported the unsanitary
condition of the premises at 686 Brannan
street, occupied by the San Francisco Con
diment Company.
Dr. Morse reported tbat surgical instru
ments are needed at once at the .Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Morse repor:ed also that
tlie Butchers' Board of Trade ha- been in
duced to withdraw all objections to the
measure to confer upon the Board of
Health power to pass ordinances. The
following ordinance, recommended by Dr.
Morse for submission to the Board of
Supervisors for adoption, was approved:
The people of the City and County of San
Francisco do ordain as fallows:
Section 1. It -hail be unlawful for any per
fon or persona owning or employed in any
laundry 111 tlu City ana County of San Fran
cifco to s; ray the clothing of any person or
persons with water that has first been placed
in the mouth of said owner or employe.
Sec. 2. Any person violHtinc any ol the pro
visions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be pi;n
lsi ed by a fine not exceeding $50, or by im
prisonment in the County Jail for not more
than o.e month, or by both such fine and im
prison
Dr. Williamson made a report concern
ing proposed legislation at Sacramento to
abolish the position of quarantine,
which he has opposed. Dr. Lovelace
made his monthly report 01 vital statis
tics for the month of January. There
were 613 :eaths, and in the correspond mr
month of last year there were only 493.
Ths principal causes and the number of
deaths resulting therefrom were as fol
lows: Apoplexy 27, general debility 34,
bronchitis 29, cancer 35, diphtheria 8,
typhoid fever 13. heart disease 72, con
sumption 87, pneumonia 67.
Dr. Lovelace's recommendation, that
Health Inspector G. S. Millard should be
dismissed, was postponed, a communica
tion asking for delay having been received
from Mayor Phelan.
On motion of Dr Williamson it was de
cided to permit children who have been
afflicted with measles to return to school
alter the expiration of fifteen days from
the date of their recovery. Heretofore
the limit has been thirty days.
The appointment by Dr. Spencer of An
dre Deesousslavy on the 16;h inst. as a
helper in the bacteriological department,
at a salary of $25 per month, was ap
proved.
Some resolutions adopted by the State
Labor Convention protesting against able
bodied inmates of the Almshonse and
County Hospital being allowed to perform
mechanical labor abont those institutions
without the usual pay fixed by the labor
unions were read andrefcrreJ to the Board
of Supervisor?.
Held fur Manslaughter.
The preliminary examination of William
McLeod, ship's calker, charged with the mur
der ot his wife in their residence on Couland
avenue, was concluded before Judge conlan
yesterday. The Judge heid McLeod to an«wer
before the Suierior Court on the charge of
manslaughter, and fixed his bonds at $5000.
In Aid of Old L&dlea.
Mrs. William Hood has come to the assist
ance of the l'rotestaut Episcopal Old Ladles'
Home by placing her re-idence, 1414 Callior
mu street, a< th« disposal of the managers for
an entertni! rnent. Tbe date has been bet for
rriday, February 19.
J:i the afternoon irnm 2 to 6 o'clock there
will be a musical programme, a sale oi honie
rr.mle coniectionerj-, a erab-bac: for the chil
dren, a fortune-ielier nn<i a tew novel ideas.
In the evening from 8 to 11 o'clock there
will be dancing *n the lur^i.- ballroom to the
mu«>cof i full tttinged orcliestrti.
AdmUsion in the afternoon will be 25 cents
ami in the evening $1. Tickets can i>e secured
from he patiote«scs. The entire proceeds will
be devoted to the Old Ladie*' Home.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.t^
-710 Market street, opeu until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£29 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
015 I.arkin street, Open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteentn and Mission streets, open
■until 9 o'clock.
1518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
l_Bos Polk street: open un I 9:30.
NOTICE OF HIKKTLNGS.
BSJK- CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, m
W3? F. <fc A. M.. will meet THIS ft
! I'THU'tSDAY) EVKNINO, Feb. 18. at^sf
7:30 o'clock. seco.-.d degree. By order of fHr^
the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
' f^~S= DORIC i.ODGK NO. 216. F. AND m
bFjS' a. M.. 121 Eddy street— Ca.ied meet- JV
ing Tills (THURSDAY) EVENING at "j£jf
7:30 o'c.ock. Third degree. Master Ma- r%y '
so: s in good standing are invited. By order of
the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
Efc^S- SAN FRANCISCO CHAP NCR m
ib^-* s^ No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets «A
THIS EVENING. P. M iu:d M E. M. '\£ jt
degrees. U. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /V^
tj^sp TH;. ANNUAL MELTING OF THE
»*-& stockholders of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the ollice of the com-
pany, 406 California street ban Frmicisco, on
WEDNKSDA V, the 3d day of March, iBtJ7. at the
hour of 12 o'clock M., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing ycur and tor the transaction of
ru -h other business as may come before the meet-
lac a. D ALTON HARRISON, Sic retary.
&L~Js* CLAN FRASKR, ORDER OF A «-\,
ia-^B? f-coitish will give its six h ?L tAJ/J
annua! conceit and dance In honor of tkOLK*
WasbuiKton's birthday si -cotrish iiail, **=£?$»
l.uikiii stieet, 00 FRIDAY i.VKNiNG. February
19. Address by Hon. Irvine M. £cotU entitled
••February 11, Old style, 17H3." Musical selec-
tions by the famous Knickerbocker Quartet: s;e-
cliilues b. the great Scotch humorist, Ftniilay Mo-
GreKor. solos: < -tO|)ia:io. Mrs. E. Wren: a to,
> iss Little: tenor. i>. M. Lawrence, C. M. l-.lliott;
violin. Miss C. Ztnnen; piano, -Miss O. sirklan:
reader. M\-h R. Frances I. use. Concert a. 8; grand
match at 10 o'clock; adrciss.ou fee 25c; hat and
c.oak rooms free.
rS>TIIK REGULAR A MEETING OF
***■ the members of ;h«>B;shop Armita^e Church
Orphanage will beheld a. ihe office of the secretary,
53j California si., room 38. on i eoruary 23. 1897,
at 1. v., for the purpose, oi revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adoptlne new
by-laws and for the election of 'rustees for the en-
suing year: also for the transac. ion of such other
business as nitty come before the meeting.
L. WADI i a M . Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
S£sZs= THEY SELL ALL DRY G ODS, YARN,
B^-c table linen, lace curtails, towels, hosiery
underwear, 00 s-":s. eml'roidery, lac^s, buttons,
linings threaos, handkercblef.l, veilings, etc., very
clie-p at Piouetr Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth su
rp^S* ' AD TENANTS EJECTED FOR f4:
fif'" rolle. tons made: city or country. Pr.tillc
Collection Ca, 415 Montgy •■:., room 6: tel. 6580.
rj!^3y» DR. BAZ.-.T REMOVED FROM P H
"f^» lan building to 608 ■f.iry st.: f!. East ?57.
DIVIDKND NOTICES.
■tr^=* DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
«*-=' 40 (twei.ty-flve cent"! per share) of the
Hot hiu on sugar Plantation Coioi any wl.l be
payable at the ollice of the company. 327 Mar d
street, on and after Saturday, February £0. 15:97.
Transfer books will doje Saturday, lebruary ,3,
1897. at 12 o'clock m. E. U. SHKLDON.
Bf"nC Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALE.
pOMPETENT AMERICAN, ALSO SWEDISH,
\J cooks, with best of reference desire situations.
J. F. CROSfc/IT A CO., 316 Sutler st.
ANTED — BY AN AMERICAN LADY \
» ' position as housekeener in eituer ( ity or coun-
try: pood rook and capable of taking entire cuarge
of a small home. Address P. S., box 149, Call.
rpUOHOUGHLY EXPERIENt ED GERMAN
1 I'rote->:ant infant's nurne: would take entire
charze of baby in city or country; best references.
1221 O'Farre 1 st.
REFINES LADY WOULD LIKE TO CARK
At for child 2 years or over; best of care; also
German ad English taught; price reasonable.
Address 1635 Hyde st.
Tir ANTED — CAMP-COOKING BY YOUNG
'• woman; iirsi-class camp cook: good refer-
ence; can cook for 25 to HO men. IU6 Fourth st.,
room 2.
9 SWEDISH GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS TO
— do general housework or upstairs work: Amer-
ican or JewUh family: wa.es $20. no postals.
Two days, 1 1 1 ' 2 1- avenwor.h St., rear.
SWJSDIBH GIRL WANTS SITUATION' TO
no general housework; American or Jewish
cook; no pos als; references; wages $25. Call or
addreis 705 Pol» «... candy-store.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J tlon as cook in a respectable famllv. Apply
20 Kalis, h, off lloimu, bet. Howard and Fo^om.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO GEN-
»» era: housework; city or country; is a good
couk. 10 Wet more place, bet. l owell and Mason.
yOU.N'O WOMAN WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X as housekeeper: elder gentleman preferred
wiih mtans; no irlfiers. R. S., box 1, Call Office.
COMPETENT GIRL. WISHES lOSITION AS
*-J chambermaid and sewing or washing. Address
E.. t.ox -9, La i Office.
L'IRST-CLASS COMPETENT COOK WOULD
F like a position; best of city references. CD.,
box 29, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS— LADIES' WEAR AND CHIL-
O dren's clotbei a specialty. Seamstress, box 2
Cull Office.
I 1 \TOMAN WISHES POSITION AS WORKING
11 housekeeper: city or counry. Address H.,
box 14a, call Office.
EXPERIENCED LAUNDRESS WISHES
silks and flannels to do at home. Appyfor
one week >45 Dor« st.. near Howard.
WANT-ED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
11 by young la.y. Call or address 777 Market
s  room 19.
])E FINED EASTERN WIDOW, fcXPKRI-
SX enced housekeeper, desires stuation kb house-
keeper; country preierred. Rra. 9, 238 Ke.rny st.
ROMAN WISHKS SITUATION AS COOK
'' or housework; refereiK Please call or ad-
dress 713 Franklin, te;. i urk and < o.Qen Gate aye.
COLORED WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO
V*' do homework by the day. ICO6 Washington.
SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
conk and laundress; gocd references. O. P.,
box 79. Call Office.
GERMAN WO. AN WANTS T6 WORK BY
dm" honsecleamng and washing; $1 a day.
Apply 271 Stevenson su
* Ml- RICA N WOMAN WANTS WOKK BY
xx the day; washing und ironing or houseclean-
ing; $1 a uay and • urfare. 731 Folsom st.
"V"KAT SWEDISH GIRL DKSIRES A SITU-
-1-' ation in an nenn family to do general
housework; gocd cook and laundress. 322 Minna,
TRONG SC'.jTC'H GIRL WISHES POSJTION
O to do nnd to assist in cooking; not
afraid of hard work. Call or address 967 Mission.
I>£JUIABI»M WOMAN, GOOD LAUNDRESS,
Xt or would do housework of any kind by the day.
| 15 Hyde st.
■\\rANTEI:— HOUSEWORK BY A MIDDLE-
" 'Bed woman; good cook; wages fl2 to (15.
91 1 Howard st.
yOUNU GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES P0-
X sltiou as housekeeper. . 38 Eddy su. loom 1.
COMPKTKNI WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
(he dav,,w!ishiriK Ironing, general housework.
353V2 Jiinna st. (rear), bet. Fourth and Fifth.
TTOUSEKEEPBR'-S POSITION WANTED BY
XX wido-. ; good references: country pre-
ferred. Address M. A., 1553 Fifth st , Oakland.
pIRL WISHES SITUATION AS A GOOD
y~f general b usenorker. cook or second work
Call at 1525 Pos; s'..
WAN 1 KD-A POSITION AS LADIES' MAID
»» or working housekeeper by young colored
woman; good relciences. Apply or call 722 Bush.
WANED- A POSITION BY LADY WHO
' * has been used to the care of children and as
comp. n on: . good housekeeper and musician:
speaks German and Euglmh. 136 Sixth, room 14.
NEAT, RELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
situation to do second work. Please address
Miss u.MJBKi.ii, Golden Gate Pcstoffice (no
postal cards), Aiaw.eda County.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTKT»-CoTitlnt>»<l.
T?XPKRIENCED UAY OR NIGHT NURSE;
Sli $9 per w*ek: best of references; co irJnenieia
Hid other sickness taken home; private. Call 7 19
Weoster ■ t,
1 EXPERIENCED GERMAN NURSE WISHES
Jlt t > take full charg" of an infant or ao second
work and waitrtss: city or country. 232 SbotwelL
W" ANTED— BY DOW WITH LITTLE BOY
» » 1 years old situation as housekeeper or cook
on ranch. Address ox i-1, Gilroy, Cut
EI'.MAN WOMAN. NEAT," WANTS A
VJT place as houvekeep.er; posl lon more an object
than wages. Call at 15'^ Minna st.
G HUMAN GIRL. YiUMJ, WOULD LIKE
vjr position as nurse with old person. 700 vui-
forma st.
yOU.N'G GIRL WISHES TV ASSIST IN
1 light housework. Address 365 Vi Eleventh st.
MIDDLK-AGED {WOMAN WI.-HES t-ITL"A-
-lion is cood coik a.<l laundress; city or
country. ai'.i" C ementii as-
SITUATION WANTK. BY RELIABLE GIRL
O to do upstairs work aud mind children: no ob-
ject on to couutiy; bea: of reie.euce. Address
044 V-> -Natoma si. '■':'.''•
"V " O N G I « L WOULD LIX X SECOND WO It X
Am a nice t r.va lamily ; across the bay pre-
feneJ. i all 34>> i remou: s .
U'jikmv wants work by day. week
■ I or month; lions ■cioani.iK. washing, pain
sewing or cooking; flannel laundress; baby's
nurse. MRS. O. H. G., Golden Gate, Ca!.
POSITION AS HOOBBKXKPKB, 917 MAR-
ket St., room 3.
"I\r ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKKEPER
it in a widower's family with children; thorough
housekeeper. Address F. -- box 16 Call Office.
EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE WANTS
a permanent position us housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widower's home. Kootu 3, 995 Mar-
ket su
SCANDINAVIAN WIDOW. WITH GIKL 5
»~ years oIJ. would like iositlon as working
housekeeper. 4ir-V2 Nato.tiasl.
QOI MI>SION ST.; LADY LIK-ES SEWING
0— 1 or minding to do at home.
pLERGYMAN'S DAUGHTER DESIRES Po-
\J sition a* daily governess to young children;
accomplishments — muse, painting, pastels. Ad-
dress . T., box 85, Call Office.
WANTED— BY EXPERIENCED NURSE,
■' pi sition to take care of infant or Invalid lady;
give relerence. Address Nurse, b)x 14, Call.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WAN 1 ADS FOB THE
Calx, taken at branch ollice, 339 Hayes st-;
open until a :3J o'clock.
L)EHPKCTABLK WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
Jt the day washing. Ironing, nursing or general
housework: if! da>- and carfare. Address MRS.
Jackson, ill Va Minna st.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WITH
->'v many attracnonK wants place a* nousekeeper
In bachelor's or widower's home. Room 2. 223 Post. I
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND I
\J of Housework by (be day; references. Address
R. S., box 108, Call Office,
ANTI D— POSITION As HOUSEKEEPKR
• ' In widower's home to cook for sor 6 men;
good cook and lirft-c.a«s housekeeper Call from
9 a. 11. to 6 P. m., li'ti Four.li si., room 2.
YOUNG LADY DESIKES POSITION AS
J. housekeeper. 112 Taylor st.. room 14.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDi'W)
Jj wants work In widower's or bacheloi's house'
hold; country t.referred. 88 Nluth si., Dom 17;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. H.
AI'.ANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
II Thk Call ore taken at Branch Office touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission 9 s.
lADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI
1-d tlon as housekeeper in lodgioc-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 31, *220 Third st
yocsti lady, >ormkrly in good cir-
i- cumstai.es drslres a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Kills »t., room 17, second lloor; call after 12.
yOt.NU LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
X housekeept-r in a bnc.'ielor's or widower's
home Rcom 1, 1035 Market si.
VIJI'MI EASTERN WIDOW OF R FINE-
.I men; ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 129 Post st.
71 Q; larkin— BßANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 IO CALL: subscriptions an: want adi taken.
7 ADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
i ' housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DAMI, 313 suiter.
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
in private family : would ao set oral house-
work 111 sir all family. Call at 227 Hayes su
ANTED— BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
»* lei Piiii sewing, mending or care or linen-
room: sleeps home. Call or address 11 «: Eighth.
YiriNCIJESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NH.
'» Market; 200 rooms Vsc .0 8150 per ni.hi;
$1 60 to f<s per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from :l: •■ terry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Tit 1 Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
it an t b & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, r moved to 614 1 ' 3 Califor-
nia St., near Kearny. Tel. main "J3l.
pIiINESE AND JaPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 411 Va O'FarrelL Tel. K. 420.
TAPA.NKSK INTJ-.LLiGh.NCE AGENCY. R.
«J 90 St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.; tel -Vaiu 5234.
pHINKSK <fc JA PA.N l-bh; EsT'D 20 V KAitS;
j V^help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY a. 640 Clay
•ST CMiM.\N OF GOOD HABITS In A NX- I
X leus 01 obtaining employment in wholesale
houie or warehouse or me«t market to drive
wagon or work inside: understands teaming and
taking care of horses: had some experience in
meat-cutting; an all round bandy man; references.
Address M. S. .V, box 119, Call Office.
rpKMPERATE, INDUSTRIOUS AMERICAN
X couple will rent -rooms from responsible
party able to give employment 10 one or ooth:
woman excellent cook: man No. 1 milk rand
skillful horseman: li.in.lv with tools; first-class
references. Atiaies* C, box 163, Call office.
pOOD UPHOLSTER: R AND FURNITUUE
VJT repairer, carpet cleaner and layer, wants
plice in hotel: thoroughly understands ins busl-
n ss. also understands hotel work as porter. Ad-
dress a. Phillips, station J, S.in Francisco.
SITUATION ANTED BY STEADY, SOBER,
O industrious young man. competent In painting
and understands how to run a small engine and
steam pump; either in city or country. Address
8., box 105, (.all.
GARDENER, FIE-jT CLASS, WITH THE
VT best, of references, wishes position; understands
carpet bedding, greenhouses, propagating; can
mi. ami take cure of i ouitry. Addiejs Gardener,
box 69. Call effice.
BY A YOUNG M>N, SOBER. STEADY AND
J-> Industrious, a situation driving » deliver?
wagon, understands tlie city thOioughlv; best of
reierences. Call or address S. ELLIOTT, 1701
Dupont sU
ARD NEK WANTS WORK; PRIVATE
VJ la ml ly; understands house work: c»re of lawns;
leferences. Address J. X., box I^9. Call office.
•\roi NG MAN 24 WIhHES A POSITION OF
X some kind, c.ty or country; unders a ds elec.
trital work. Address C. E. D., box 130, Call.
SITUATION BY STRONG YOUNG GERMAN-
e;.ks English: good habits: be-toi references.
Address 1. T., care K. HORN Ell, 208 .Vlason.
JAPANESE YOUNG BuY WANTS SITUA-
<J tion to do waiter and rouse work; city or coun-
try. KAWANO, 1329 Pine st.
ITUATIOS WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
O I aimer and wood-polisher. Address Painter,
box Ho, Cull ullice.
INTELLIGENT BOY, LIVING WITH HIS
par-iiis, wishes position in the country: under.
suinils the care ut hordes. Call oruddressGi
CUBITT, 817 Jessie st., off Ninth.
TVrANTkD - SITUATION AS PRINTER'S
»» pressman by young married man; Australia-
sian experience. Address 308 Fremont su, S. F.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WIbHES WORK
round bouse or hoiel In country. Adilreas
Ste;.dy. box 131, Call Office.
'_>•_>(! JIAYES oT.-BUANCH OFFICE OF
• ).)«./ inn. Call; uubscrlptions and want ads
taken.
PRACTICAL MAN WANTS SITUATION ON
X a country pace; understands gardening, gene-
ral farming, railing poultry and orchard work;
moderate wages; references. Address L. R., box
114, Call OH.cc.
R K FIN ED AND COMPETENT YOUNG
pharmacist, through college and with the
best of retereucts. isdesnousof ob aining a posi-
tion as pharmacist In a bospi al, saultarium, or to
a physiclat.. AdJress (In t=l» city or Oakland)
G. E., 2i06 Jonei su. city. i
STRONG YOUNG MAN. AGE 18. HANDY !
O with tools, would like to learn wagon and car-
riage iiiaktuc; and blacit smithing. L. E. C, Call
Office, Oakland.
•SVT MOS'IUOMEBY. COiINER OF CLAY—
<J4. I open nnti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
VTOUNG MAN WANTS situation as
X yardman for hotel or private boarding-house:
furnish references from last employer and others.
Address JOHN a. M acuON AUD, 166 Third st.
ANTED ;by AN ENERGETIC steady
man— position In a crockery-house as sales-
man or drum understands business; best ref-
erence can be furnished. Address (salesman, box
120, this office,
PITrATIONS WANTED-<nn*lnnH,
\\ r A TED— POSITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
■'» barkeeter: good references. Address K. P.,
tox 43. Cal Orlice.
A MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OK THE
"3 Call: want ads and subscriptions mien.
BOY 16 YEARS OLD, LIVING WITH HIS
parents, want « post on iv store or office. Ad-
dress Parent, 118 Silver sU
STRONG WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
place to do lard work: is handy. Address M.,
box 14-', lhi-» office.
BRANCH OFFICE OK THK. CALL. Iti7 NINTH
XJ st. — Want eds and subscriptions taken.
p ARDKNER, GE»;MAN, SINGLE, >F LONG
Vjr exper.enc-? in landscape, car,"t bedding,
greenhouse and vegetable grow'ne. wishes to lake
cuarge of private place: ha 3 had char, over one
place six and anoiner three years; can furnish the
very best references. Add. .H. W., box 80. CalL
1 MARKIiT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF XHM
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
\\MNCHKSTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., N H.
»* Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
*1 50 10 tti per week: convenient a:id rc"|ieciuue,
lree bus ana baggage to and '.torn the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
■yOU NOG IK Light housework. small
X ciun ry town, Sl5: Protestant nur-ery gover-
nei*. fij: waitress a, etc. MURRAY <t READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 630 anl 636 Clay.
FAMILY Ct)OK, $25: SECOND GI L. $15:
X girl, i air I axs st., $20; girl, Octavla fU, 825:
c r!, Vallejo st.. $20; secon i girl. Santa Baroara, |
». al., see Dany here- girl. Sioiner si.. $.0: girl,
scott St., $20; girl, Polk st., 4.20; girl, Broadway,
$2U: elrl, Gough s:., $20; girl. Eddy St., »-0; girl,
Rosi Valley, *-^0: stir!, Fiiiton mU. »20; girt. Pine
j su. 920; g:rl. Ge.iry su. $20: Klrl. W .'inter st., $20: |
girl, Al.uie.la. tal.. $2i»; girl. Filimore si., $20:
gill, Washington st,s-JO: girl, Frai.Klii st.S'.O;
girl. i wenty-taird »t., $i 8 girl. La on* at.,«Bt>;
girl, xoit St., $20. MaRTIN's, 749 Marteittt.
ECOND GIRL, $15; SECOND GIRL, $25:
0 nirl, Stelner, $16; girl, Geary $16: girl. Liver-
more, $15: girl, Gilroy, $15; girl, Washington si..
*15: girl, stumer, $16; girl. Clay si., $15; girl,
Eddy sU,. $l5; girl. Nineteenth St.. $15: girl, Ful-
ton st.. $15; girl, Green St., $I.V. girl, Hilmore,
f 15: sin. Oak St., $15; girl, Haight s . $15: girl,
Guerrero st., $18; gltl, Buchanan »U. $15 20 girls,
$*, $10 and *12 per mouth; 16 German, 16 -wed-
ish, 0 Danish girls. MARTIN'S, 7.9 Market at.
(' WAITRESSES, $20, CITY: 5 HOURS'
v' work : see arty In office to-day at 3P. X. MAR-
TIN-, 749 Mur.et a-
GEKMaN NURSEGIRL, «2O MAUTIN'S
vJ 749 iUrket st.
pERMAN WAITRI $20 AND ROOM.
V_* MAR TIN'S. 749 MarKet si.
All HESS, country, $17 50 and ROOM.
»♦ MARTIN'S. 74a Market su
9 family cooks, german style, «25.
j — MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
OOK AND SECOND GIRL. $40 A MONTH.
: I'.TIN 1 .-. 749 Market st.
■\irAiTii^oS. $2J, COUNTRY HOTEL; 12
"' bouewexk tlrl<, ci.y and country. 9*o and
$25; b.vouni: girl?, assist, $10 to «15. .MIS-. DLL-
LE.v, 323 sutler su
\TI It;-)-, f.O. CIJ V HEFKRE.NCES; SECOND
1> girl, $25. MI-S CULLEN. vi batter at.
"\\rAITRES!?, »25; GERMAN OR SWEDISH
'I preferred. Mlsi UILEN, 323 Sutler sU
HOIS. KEEPER. $15: GERMAN NURSE,
$J5. Mls-S cULLEN, 323 -utter st.
VUHSE, COUNTRY, $15. MISS CLLLEN,
1> 323 t-utte.- St.
MAID AND SEAMSTRESS KLEEP HOME,
I*l ♦20 to $.5. Ml>S CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
pOOK. HOTEL, NEAR i MY, $30: CHAM-
V/ bcrmal 1 In summer resort near city, $15: '
wa tr.-s-, city, 815: waitress, reuaurant. $3 50 a j
weeK: cook. private lamlly, $1 a week; !«un ireia |
In country town. ?25 und found: 10 rlris, house- i
worK, $i 5 ana 8^0: 4 young *lr:s to assist, *10: I
naJupest, country ho;eU 120. c. R. HANaEN & ■
CO.. 110 Gearj st.
WAITRESS AND PARLOR MAID, $25: i
'» second girl and sewing. 5"0; 3 German and ■
English nurses. $20 and $25; 3 cooks. German |
style. $1.5 ana *30; 3 restaurant waitresses, »20 |
anl $'.5, and a larce ni:nner of girls fot houst- j
work. J. F. tRUf-Kl'T & CO., 316 sutler si.
.- GERMAN COOKS. f SO: S.-.AMSi KF.SK, 25:
- 8 girls for hou^work. Its. HI RD, 721 Ellis.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIRa-SOF i
a.l national). 10 till various rKi-itioiis. tier- i
ii. an 1 iiij .oyiiieut Office, 006 Masun at.
"V^OUNG GIRL T SEW AND ASSIST HOUSE-
X work; sleep home; wages $10. 1 a'l 2020
J i'ciui:i:m st. Thursday afternoon, Friday anl
Saturday morning).
\\r ANTED — WOMAN OF REFINEMENT,
»' energy and perseverance; can makessp-r
day. Apply room 23. SUB Montgomery M.
"11' ILL GIVE BOAItD AND KOuM ACROSS
1 ' the bay In exchange for services. 15 Donohoe
building.
Gll'.L: GENE UAL HOUSEWORK; GOOD j
cook: 2 In family: 2 children: plain washing; j
4-room flat; wag- a $10. Apply j5-:S Twenty-third.
■\\rANTKD-GIRL AS WAITRESS AND TO
*» do v a. alis work. Apply lulo Vallcjost.be- |
v. i e.i 1 and 3 Thursday.
(URL ASSIST LIGHT HoUS WORK. 268
VJ Clinton Park, near Guerrero and Market sts.
\\r ANTED— DINING-ROOM GIRL AT 1681 i
«l Valencia st.
I IRL toll GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
*J wages $15. Call 728 i ultonsu
-yi'UNO LADY COMPOSITOR. BROWN A
X BLEY Printing Co., 49 First su
\\r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST GEN-
»' eral jousework. 1118 Fell St.
I FRENCH ART TAUGHT IN ONE LESSON;
. cauvassets wanted. 1141 Marke: St., room 15.
GIRL FOR ENERAL HOUSEWORK. 3238
IIISsION st.
GIRL TO DO DOWNSTAinS W RK AND
couking; «ngess2J. A rply 740 Last lost.
WOMAN TO TAKK CARE OF CHILDREN
'» and do light housework; wages 1309 Eddy.
p IRL TO ASM^T LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND I
VI take care of children. 810 McAllister su
xrowa GERMAN GIRL, UPSTAIRS WORK
X ant waiting: wages 12. Call Wednesday and
Tuiirsday ion noun, 15-2 O'Farrell st.
PhTENT SI ENOORA I'HEB AND TYPE-
/ writer; must nave bad experience In law I
otli.e. Address Lawyer, box 88, Call Office, stat-
ing name, ih ext>erienc<\ syeed, qualltications
generally an i salary expected.
A OUN<i GIUL, 16 OR 17. TO TAKE CARE OF
X 3 chililren »:id assia. In housework. Apply ISO
Steuarl st.
"l\r ANTED— A GERJIA.\ WOMAN TO TAKE
' » care of inianu Apply 2409 Washington st.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»or<; plain cookins; small family. 317 BooUi
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE- I
v work: must underhand cco\lng. 317 Larkln.
-TO for a LOAF fresh BREAD and pint
0 pure mi kat Ihe Economy Store, 917 Mission.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
n-1 ovprshirts and underwear. IKVI
STRAUSS & CO., 35 Vi Fremont st.
BRIGHT LADY AGENTS FOR HOUSEHOLD
XJ necessity: good pay. Address A., box 46, Call.
LEARN DRKSSCUITING AND MILLINERY;
XJ $1 per week; unlimited le-sons: pattern)
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
£1 - LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
V/XU Call: subscriptions and wan: ad*, taken.
MOST CON VKMKNT AM) RESPEC lABLK; |
Winchester House. 44 Third si. near Market: I
200 rooms; 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 60 to $j
per week: tree 'bui and baggage to and from ferry.
ANTED— 10 young ladies TO luarn*
" barber trAde: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 188% Eighth St., S. V. Barber College.
\? LV N N 'S : J)REss.ma~KINQ AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister s:.: $1 a week.
T AWRENCE CUT UNO SCHOOL IS THE |
XJ only reliable place lor patterns: every one
Hiaranieed to be perfec:. 1231 Market au
11 I ' NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
II" '1 uk Call; subscription and wan-, ada
taken, in :-
MALE UELP WANTED.
TirANIED-4 QUARTZ MINERS: 6-HORSE
.»» teamsters; Scan lloavian mlUer. $.0; 4 men
to cut brush; restaurant waiters. $8 a week nd
if^O. and . then*. Apply to J. *\ CKOSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento su
9 NEAT UPS. AIRS PORTERS FOR FIRST-
•— class country hotel, $V 0; pantryman hotel,
$20. C. P.. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
IT'IRST-CLASS BARK IK PER WITH CITY
' references; $65. C, R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary su
Stable foreman to feed the horsks
_ and doctor them when sick on a Urge ranch.
C. K. UANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary eU
E I: RAND-BOY, 18 OR 19 YEARS OLD; $5 A
week. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
Vir ANT D-SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
'» assist in light Indoor business: mutt be smls-
fie.l with $18 per week and have $150 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market at., room 7.
WANTED— MEN TOGO WHALING: NO EX-
• » perience required. Apply at once L. LEVY,
clothing store, N a. cor. Battery and Juckson *ta.
HrT,P wanted- Contfnnw^.
BOY WANTED TO LEARN BUTCHEIt BUSl-
ness: must have good referent es: one who re-
sides at home. E. P* ARFKIE, 18J3 Halsht sU
TyANTE -$200 ON SECURITY; WILL
» f assist 1 1 get position In return. A. H. M-, box
144, Call Office.
"l A ED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
" position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. if.. 9 Geary, room 2.
"\V" ANTED —AN INTELLIGENT. ACTIVE
*» boyof atom 15 years: references. Appy7
Manning place.off Eighth, bet. Market and Mission.
ANTED— CARRIAGE PAINTER TO BUY
** shop; work ior two naeu. U. G., box 3, Cull
Office.
\\r ANTED— TIN-ROOFER. APPLY AT 1016
" Kearny st. .
"\\ r ANTED— LU. V CH COOK. 559 CALIFOR-
*" ma a:.
pOATMAKER TO WORK INSIDK. 954 MIS-
\J slou ft., near Sixth.
WANTED- A GOOD WIREWORKEH. 1235
*» MISS <J!1 St.
I OYS FROM 14 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE. AP-
I ' ply 200 Gutter st.
ryOUNG MAN TO DRIVE WAGON IN COAL-
X yarJ; experience needed. 1623 Market at.
BARBKR-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 3
chair* steady; best location in «ity. Apply Call.
pOMPETEN 1 STENOGRAPHER A ND TYPE-
\J writer; must have had experience In law
office.. Address Lawyer, box 88. Call office, stat-
lug name, age, experience, apetd. qua.iflcauons
generally and sa ary expected.
LIRST- CLASS MECHANICAL DENTIST
1 wanted; none out a skiiud workman need ap-
ply. Apply at the National L'ental Company, room
412, Parroit building.
HuEMAKEK WAN 1 TO TAKE PART OF
store with a nit r. SHIRLEY, 1000 Webster.
GREEN HANDS, SKAMKN AND BLACK-
smi us tor ships at HERMAN'S, 637 Clay si.
\\ ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
• » school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C 0.,723 Markt
BARBERJ.-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
-L» P. C. Barbers Assn. X FUCJIs, 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEY MEN KARiiEKs 1 fcil PLOYMENT
secretary .H. BERNARD, 103 seventh sU
BAKBER-SHOP, 3 CHAIRS: MUST SEIL AS
owner is leavlug city. 1103% Folsom st.
UOR SALE-2-CUAIK BARBER-SHOP. COB,
X Twenty-ninth and Church sts.
BAftBER WASHSIAND.S, 1. 'i AND 3 BDWIS,
Cheap. U. HUFsCHMIDT. 6-3 Golden Gate ay
1 A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT MIOES
Xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-l.an'l shoes for nile: large stock; shoes made
to order; bes. stock; work KUMranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74^ Mission, Grand Opera-house.
Ay.VNTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
*» of some simp thing to p..tent? irotectyour
ide a; tliev may bring you wealth. Wilte JOHN
WEDDEP.BURN in CO., Dept. L, Patent Att'-r- I
n'-ys. Washington, D. C, tor their $1800 prize
oner and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
LCUO HOUMi, 863V 3 MARKET ST.-ltooMd
20c, 25c to 50c night: (I to $2 weeic
9^91- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION"! AND
-_U_' > want ads taken for THE CALL.
BKs»T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 1.1, 20 ANl>
25 cent* per night: $1, $1 *5. $1 60 per wee*,
lacirlc House, Commercial und i.eldesdordf sts.
1 lK >IINiU SI 1 . —BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 I\J line call; nubscriptioa and want ads.
taken.
|,KUN>WICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
• all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: *1 25 to
$6 per week. J. G. DkaKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. S. MA-
X\i rine Corps. U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citliens of the United S.ates. or ihoi9
who have legally declared ihelr intention to be-
come such: must be of good character anu habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
be: ween 5 feet 6 Inch's and 6 feet In height. For
lurtiier information apply a: the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills s:., San Francisco, Cal.
I>OOMSISoTo 76c FUR NIGHT; 60c To »1 6J
IV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm »v
INGLE FURNISH c.D ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT;
0 75c week. Lirdeii House, Sixth and Howard.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Ihk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
\\r ANTED, COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' «n«S:clerKs. KNOX collection Acer. 110 Sutte:
riIRY ACME HOUSE. g&7 iIAKICr.T ST.. BK-
X :o-.v blxth. tor a room: Idea night: $1 a weak.
1 [\|| MEN TO I AKK LODGING AT 10c, 150
. X VJ\J and -Oc a nlghu Including cuttea ana roilj.
124 Washington st. , near Kearu..
Ot\Oli MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-«-U Tan Call; subscriptions ana wane ada
taken.
rANTi-.D-LA BORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. Vil7 Third st.: 15J
Urge roams; 26c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
ROSEDALE, 321 ELLIS SINGLE FUR-
XX nished rooms. 20c to 25c night. SI to $1 60 wk.
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mi-.N To I.XT BOT-
. tie beer or win? 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay
riNCUESTKK HOUSE, 44 TUMID ST., NIL
'» Marset: 200 rooms, 250 a night: reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
Ur AN TED- SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
»» weeK; rooms for 2, 26« a day. $1 60 a wee»;
Ing-room: daily papers. 36 Clay at.
IV ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
*' shoes up to 9 o-clock every night; those work-
log tbroogh the day can have their snotM repair*!
night while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; nun i
tollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoe* been damaged by water. J.i
Irs* than one-fourth their value, from 250 up v
$2 uO. ;.tJJ Mission at., bet. First s.. and shroud v.
AGENTS WANTED.
WASTED - LADY AND GENTLEMAN
*» agents to sell beat household article out; b'g
profits. Call bet. 12 and 1, and 6 and 7p. m 618
Hermann st.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
x\ Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WilT \KER .V. HAY COMPANY, 7*3 Market st.
WANTKD-MISCKLLANEOUS.
ANTED TO RENT-BY RESPONSIB E
'» parties, furulsh- d hotel. Address Z, box 14,
Call office.
STEREOPTICON WANTED; CHEAP. L.
GILLE 11,201 South Firs. St., fan Jose Cal.
BUILDINGS EUL'i.llT; LUMBER. SASHES,
XJ doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1108 Mission su
ell your BOOKS, clothing ami jew-
-0 elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send postal.
HORSES.
J(\ HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
4 i\J buggies, carts, harness; i<rand Arrade Horsa
Market, 327 sixth st. . auction eates every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN &DO i LE. Auc:loneers.
Cf| HEAD DRIVING AND WORK t.OKSES;
OKJ weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at.
A I. L KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO Ll-T AND
for sale. M.F. BOY livery sta le. 38 12 th st
~(\ HEAD <>F HORSES SUITABLK FOR ANY
01/bu-«iness 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turn-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of lar^e young mules.
PviWi SET NEW AND fcECONI>-HAN v HAK-
O\J\J nesv all kinds: burcy.wairon, carts, surr»*
1 rorkawar: 40 cheap horses. 15th an. l \'al.>! • i -
WAGONS AMD CARRIAGES.
■VfEW aNDSKCO.VD-HAND BAKKR. LAUN-
XI dry and mllk-wacon: nlso flno top buggy and
rock « way. B*B Harrison st~
LOST.
LOST— BUNCH OF KEYS ON HAVES ST.,
XJ bet. Larkln and Post. Riwnrd to finder at 2
Hayes si.
lOST — FOX- TERRIER BITCH; WHITE.
J back ami tan heud: chain collar; reward. 25
Tenth st,
OST- PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of Snn Frauctsco in
the name Of -HANNAH OPPENHEIM, No.
2,071,623. The tinder will please return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTUE CALL. 167 NINTH
M.. want ad < and subscriptions taken.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
OHN E. RICHARDS, LA OFFICES. ROOMS
v Hi; and '27, Crocket Duiiuiu*,* Usiepuona Maiu
76, Can Francisco, Cat
JOHN K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. A*HKK
hitya a; law. i ins 515.516. 01 a Uoor, Parroil uMi
I'UOTOGEAPIIEKS SUPPLIES.
piIOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHEMI-
X cals, paper and 6 plate.-, $2 50. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary St.
STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
hous«;holil gooJs, c.c. J. M. PIERCIi, 735 Mkb
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CLMnn SALOON, N. OF MARKET: 4 FINE
<J>-JUU. furnished rooms; k teh»- ■: torerooms:
fine stock: b-st location: cheap rent; groat.st bar-
gain ever offered: ow er has other large interests.
A. S. LESS. 1032 Market st.
d'CinCl MEAT MA RKET ACROSS THK BAY:
CiOUU. refrigerators, cash reaUter. 2 hor<es
and wagons: steady run of first-class trade, which
can be ve:ifled: immense bargain. A. to. LEsS,
1032 Market st. '
C 1 "HA COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
V I D\J\J hnnse; opposite Inre depot: eitao-
lish.d 15 y.-ars: present own r there 3 J"«-«r»;
crowdei during Meal hours: steaJy ma all clay.
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
VC« ~.\ PART WANTKD IN PIBBT-
«S*. OU. class old - establ.sh>'d meat mnrket;
situated on choice corner uortli of Mark, su;
horse aud car; ; prefers partner to hired help. A.
s. LtS-;, 103 i Market st.
"q • ~f\ OYStTra CHOP MOUSE: BEST
<? O\r. loc lion north of Market: receipts
?750 10 $10C0 per month; wonh $600. A. s.
L. -S. 10. .2 Market si.
£»|.%<j «OFFEK SAIO N AND C OP-
(3)li)U. hous» between lar.e buildings: s:eady
trade. A. S. Ll-.SS. 1032 Market s..
f-AA SALOON IN THE BUSIEST MIN-
«Iri.UU. i" C district in the State. A. S. LESS,
10b2 Market s:.
Gj ] O(\r\ CORNER ROAD HOUSE WITH
0 i»-UU, rooms, gardens, she s. etc.; estab-
lished i! 5 years and is one 01 the oest known pla
\ or this kind here: brars Investigation. A. S. LESS,
1032 Market st.
<E»1 Z.I) SALOON WITH 4 NICE LIVING-
tJpitJV./. rooms: easily worth double; must sell
on account of sickness; a rare bargain. A. S.
LESS, 1032 Market s:.
QQXA CANDY STORE AND FACTORY;
»IrOtJU. the best lorstto'i in the City: line ice-
cream parlor; elegant fixtures, A. S. LESS, 1032
Mark t St.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE* PAID FOR FURNl-
tnre, restaurant, saloon fixtures »nd Kroner •
stocks. STENBEUG. 632 MarKet; tel. main 1013.
C'Q^n SALOON: ELEGANTLY FITTED: 1
tjT UO\i. block north of Market st.; low rent:
stocked with fine liquors, cigars, eta; private
rooms: owner has other business: makes bis sac-
r.fne; investigate this. STENBERG. 632 Market.
<S;|OikA SALOON, MARKET ST., FINELY
<J) i O"U. fined. STENB KG, 632 Market st.
GiftOn RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAR-
<n\»V'\r. ket su, doing good business; low rent;
part cash. bTENBERG <t CO.. 632 Market st.
QTfJA COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
fp I V/U. house: finely fitted up: block north of
Market st.: trial given. S : ENBERG, 632 Market
ffl[(;~f) OLD ESTABLISHED. BKST PAY-
<ir\JO\J. ing grocery and bar in the Mission;
must be sold; owner i.as other business; investiga-
tion; living-rooms STKNBKRG, 682 Market st.
*ftl (\l\Cl WOOD AND COAL YARD; WELL
iJIIUUu. stocked: 4 horses: clears 1 1-5 month-
ly: trial give.i. &TENBERG <fc CO.. 632 Market su
*Sj k /Vin BARGAIN IF SOLD THIS WEEK;
«ip — \J\J. branch bakery, candy, notion^: fine lo-
cation; living-rooms. HtALY A. CO., 23 Kearny.
QOA(| PARTNER NEEDED TO ATT ND
*i»*J\J\J. office, do collecting, etc. In first-class
contracting business: clearlne $150 per month:
owner s reliable and responsible, nnd will give
best reference. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
"ft ft HO BARGAIN; CASH GROCERY
\J\J\r. across the bay; doing a fine business-
sunnv livint-rooms: cheap. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
TO ESTA U KANT A ND Cl >FFEE SALOON ; OPP.
Xt depot; $175. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
LEA UN PARTICULARS OF PARTNERSHIP
opening in thoroughly established and very
extensive business: actually north ten times the
$400 required. Particulars of N. D. SICKtLS
t>2o Marko: st,
pAKTNER WANTED TO JOIN ME IN PUR-
X cbnse of a splendid business In the line of
■which I've had low experience, and know the
opening in question to be exiept.onaiiy good; re-
quires only $7.0 for half Interest, of which *a5O
may be [):.! 1 fforu ihe business if so desired, which
with pioper atlen.ioa hou d easily clear $3 00 to
?50j0 a year; present owner l.aj "ma ie a fortune
in last few years, but must he: eatier devote undi-
vided attention to other in.crests; duties would be
principally office woik: this proposition Is posi-
veiy a: i right and 1 mean business, so none but
principals, naming time atid place for personal in-
terview, need ply. Address Opportune,' cox 64,
Call Office, city.
pOMPKTENT GERMAN. STEADY HABITS,
\J with small capital, is w Illng to fill position of
first foreman on bread In one of the largest bak-
eries in city and take part Interest In same.
B..kery. box US. Cali office.
BUSINESS CHANCES: FINE CORNER
stationery and notion, with trmich bakery and
laundry office: cheap rent. Address B. E. D.,
box 144, Call office.
■\IILK DEPOT, BRANCH BAKERY', GRO-
l>x ceries and notions: 4 living-rooms; rent rea-
sonab c; splenald location; mast be sold: bargain.
1405 Folsom su
Goodcha.nce is OFFERED for A man
that understands the de iccy business; very
few dollars required to start with. 1339 Park St.,
Alameda.
.rr HOSK WHO ARE SEEKING PLACES OF
1 business, it will pay you to call on THOMAS <£
CO., 33 sixth st , room K.
I UTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE AT 339 FOURTH
I ' street.
If Oil SALE- FINELY FURNISHED HOUSE;
! 10 rooms, allieuted; cheap. 518 lay.orst.
RESTAURANT: GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
Xt and wife; cheap. 324 Lark In st.
(3£97 C WILL BUY A FINE i ESTAURANT:
VP-^tO. cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $15
a day; will bear investigation to this effect. 33
sixth, room 18.
T7OK SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON IN BEST
X I part of the City; doing good businrss: on ac-
count of disagreement of partners. 8., box 27,
Call office.
I AM WILLING TO INVEST FROM »300 TO
*400 looting for a good business opportunity.
S. T., box 3, Call Office, Oakland.
ft »;7K SALOON ON BUSY STREET NORTH
•L -IO of Market: cheap rent and insurance,
lease, etc. ; no agents. inquire Call office.
Paying saloon: good location-, daily
X receipt.* $10 to $12; must be sold account of
sickness. f Inquire Call Office-
pORNERGROCKRY AND BAR FOR SALE-
\J good location: will sell caeap; going out of
business on account of illness Apply this office.
}7>iRST MORTGAGE. $1200, 10 P*.R CENT.
. on first-class prop«rtv, for sale at a discount-
mortgage due. Address 11. C. H, 32J Minna su
rO.R SAI.F— DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED
x trade of V 5 b -aiders; central location: fat
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Office.
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE~McLEOD &
HATIE, 515 Market st.
OTATIo.Nk.kY- li'KK- <JO*JiJ-i*AYING
O place; nice for woman to make a gooa llvluc
Inquire Call Office. *
FOR SALE-CITY DRUGSTORE IN THICK-
X ly inhabited section: $. 50% sacrifice: fine stand
for physician. Apply to LANGLtY & MICHAELS
Co., 34-40 First st.
pANDY. lOhXREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
\J plies for sale: near school: 4 sunny llvinir
rooms and bath; reasonable. Apply Call Office.
PARTNER WITH CAPITAL TO DEVELOP
-. sold mine on mother lode; small canltaL A
BAl>Giiß, Jim Town, Tnolumne Ci unty, Cut*
HO) EL OF 60 ROOMS TO RENT ON THK
XX Poirrro. and furniture for sale; opposite the
Uqlon Iron Works. 226 Michigan st.
C A LOO , » R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
O and sleeping room attached, lor particulars
Inquire at saloon 915 Markt t st. "
r, I^ Ai i' STORK FOX S ALE ON ACCOUNT CF
\J de.th; clie.,p this week. 41 Fourth st.
P^BB CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. AD-
Xt dress G.G., 2460 Folsom st.
/■\Ni: ■ FTHK BEST .MILK ROUTES I.V ALV-
\J mtda ounty lor sale; run by present owner
f A %V-'7£ s ,r?L B , lckness , c ause of se. Ing. Address
aiFitchbur 1 b ° X lUO> Alttmcda - or at rancQ
pitOSPKKOUS REPUBLICAN WKEKI.Y
-*- newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terras;
owner leaving. .• d Jress -v., box 61, this oflice.
pou sale— well- established FANCY
x goods business in Oakland: suitable forlndy
j und rstai:diiiK fancy work comfortable livinvc;
i rooms adjon.in.' store; price very low. Address
! box 12, Cull Office. OaklaiiJ.
SALOON FOR BALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
O and well known: finely fitted up: disagreement
of partners only cause of sa.e. Apply 33" Third st.
9V/>C» M JSSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A-MJ \
— 17— v want ads taken tor The Call.
LATEST CAR FEN UK It PATENT: BEST IN
ventlon. pply 623 Golden Gate aye.
L'IRST-CLASS SALOON: Nr.AR BALDWIN
■L Hotel; must be sold at once; good reasons fur
selling; no agents. Address sToNE, box 114, call.
V OUNG KAhTKRN LADY WANTS GENTLF-
x man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
F0 R SALE-WKLL-PAYiN.. SALOON WITH
X? good cash trade. 232 Th rd st.
■\T--UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
A NIMATOSCOPt-.-PROJKCTINO LIVING
2\. pictures. Animaioscope,933 Mrkt., 7th floor
I>TEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
Mils office b *° Frßnci^* For particulars apply
00(i HAVES— OFFICE OF THE
wot/ Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
Q^nO SALOON WORTH MORE THAN IS
g>»«#U. n«k..-» for it; good location. THE
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market St.
THIRST-CLASS REAL IfiSTATK MAN OR
-1 woman wanted at PKOPKKTY EXCHANGE.*
Qi] 7^ NUMBER OF BRANCH BAKERIES
w-L. ' O. and notion stores; $17a t0 5300. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
Ct'-^7^ SOME GOOD LODGING- HOUSES;
PHiii'wiVv 01 ?* sood l>u sines «; from $375 up.
FROI'KRTY t-XCHANOK. bbO Market.
mO LARtJ LIST OP SALOONS; ALL
.H..,.. 1 ;' 1 . I »iv? s>fr " ni! ;l010 43000. PROPcII-
-1 V EXCHANGK. 850 -Niar^et.
C l O I lllce 1 ' 01 ' 1K *' UM *-*- LE - APPLY THIS
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$650 #»?«K H( ? 0SE ' N = AK KABKETI
Vwavsfuil'bV^ r Utnisned rooms: rent low:
1002 Market su ClttaS Ot r ° Onlers - A - & LE^».
5^ rTTus-'seil ""Tl jV'^onSuVler 70J
ij rs., iijUSl sea JO ; A, tb , rniSl V) tclty.3,so(i
H. (.. UJ-A k.t.li. JO.Q Market hi., opp. FiftU.
»<)X(| 3 1- ROOM IlOUSK; KO^Tms arr
JOU. .enteo. 11. C. DKCKkr) 10-JoMarkcL
-""ST-^LASS LUD-INCi-HofsE
.'jlZ./l/U. 44rooun: a neat, Clean aad paving
house we 1 located; r.a.on for selling tuiiv i.
plain d. Apply imraedlattly ALDKN-GARFikt 11
CO.. 902 Broadway. Oakiaud. r - ha
H ROOMS; NEWLY FU k D;~jJ7 : st
sell at once; leaving city. 311 Van Ness aye.
f)Q ROOMS ON FOURTH ST., Nil. Mark t-
-£O offer wanted; co dealers: rent $75. r p"
box 77, Call Office.
01 HUNT ST.— LODGING-HOUSE WITH 38
•'X rooms; well-furnished; rent $30 per month.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AMONEY'-KAISING f ALE— DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 r»i)
Solid oak dining chairs 760
4. r00m furniture out tit $67 5n
Brussels carpet, laid 55c yard
SHIitKK <& sHIREK, 717 Market su, oppo«ito
Grant aye.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOX >
lowest prices on household goods: new or tj.-'O-i
us new: cas or on time: open eveninzs.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ITiURNJTURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
. ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IF you want GOOD pricks for furni-
tnre and mercbanulse see BUitD, 211 Larkln.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction Co. 1057 MHrket.opp.Jonsi
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. JUcQUEEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.2-8.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN.i,
M: r. 38 and 40 i.'ighth su; telephone South 250.
\\' JIEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send toSPAULDING'S PioneerCAr-
pgt-beatliig Works, 353-57 'lehama st.; lei. So. -4).
CARPET-* LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. je.siie 944. Strattoi, 38th st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANI:VU CO., 402
±\. Sutler; tel. Main 394. GEO. OM, prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaniijg renovt«, alter-
-0 . ation works. 40» McAllister. Tel. Jissie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED <fc RENOVATED LIKE
l^new. 23 Tenth; lei. South 36. Mackintosh it Co.
JE. MITCHKLL, CAKPET-CLEANINti CO..
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mi.i. 7i.
ON KLIN'S CARPET - BEATING WOKKi
333 Golden Gate :>.vp. Telephone Kast 1-6.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. 1
CALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
. pianos; patent sounding- board; new principle;
the delight and wonJi-rof i.li mu-icians. 228 I'usc.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
XJ next 5 days at MAUVAIS*. 7-69 Market St.
ELEGANT BKUENN PI A O; G >OD AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post sL
ACTUALLY THE LEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
-£\- anos; mon. hly pa. ments from a 5 up; deliv-
ered free with s.ojl and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. oPKNCER COMPANY,
salesroom* 933 Market st., opp. Mason; estab
llshed over 20 years.
CO f)(\ UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
tS>X\J\J. bargain. BRUENN'S, 228 Pest st.
T? LEG ANT I N WAY UPRIGHT FOR SALE
-lion account of daparture; 3 'als. THJi F
W. SPENCER COMPANY, b 33 Market su, oj.pl
Mason.
©1% HAZE LToIT UPRIGHT. STOOL,
*4> J -t.Vf . cover; $0 iustallmts. 221 Leavenworth.
YOU ARE WELCOME To CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Po3t st.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XX. bouse west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 o't'arrell s .; pianos or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, ot' all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
, ON A FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
• Haines. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 Post.
OCR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHJttf
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Kearuy aDd Suiter sts.
A DMINISIRATOR'S SALE - MUST SELU
XX. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
WHY PAY REN I' FOR A PIANO WHEN
" the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY' d: CU'S.
rpHE BKST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE
X from tteinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'S. c-^^xv-
BAKGAIN.FINE LARGE upright.che ap
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllster.next Hlbernia Bank:
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos
TTOKNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PKRFECT;
XX brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGEII. SOLE A<ENT FORHALLET
.<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
PANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY <£ CO.'B
on very easy payments.
A SHAW. STEINWAY $250. CHICKERINO
$185; great barEains:s4mo. HEINE. I3d KUb.
BYRON MAIZY, £08 PoST ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby <t Kvam, Brigss and other pianos.
UPKKIOP. VIOLINS. ZITHKKB, OLD A SEW
H. MULLER. makfr. rop«irer 2 iJihampiac.
1 " ,
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
<2»Q SINGER SEWING-MA* lils'E; GOOD
«ipO. order. 1915 Mission st, near Fifteenth.
i AKS, BACK BARS. iiIRRORS. SHOW-
»■' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
i tore and office furnitur* and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. Ni ONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission 8; , above Sixth.
SACRIFICE; FURNITURE 4 ROOMS, COM-
-0 plete lor housekeeping. Address X. V., box
74. CalL
"yoUNii.GKNTLK, FRESH COW AND CALF
X for sale. Apply 2. 1 Church st.
1 99& SIXTH AYE.. SOUTH SAN FRANCIS-
' —— U Co— Fresh aiilch cow for sole.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINE-; new and
seconJ-nanu ; tools supp ied, etc. 766 Bryant
ITUIOROUGHBRKD HEREFORD COW; VERY
X gentle: 14 quans a day. 3238 Kncinal ave_
liis;h-s:. station, Alameda.
LAKGE DOIBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bauK sale; cheap. 8 Mi.-s on st.
/COLLECTION OF 10 ItARK VIOLINS FROM
\J th- enta:e of an ar.iit for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10. H ro
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PKDIGREE-
stork: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam*
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and marking
31-.2 V* Fu.ton st.
NEW KL.MWO >D RANGED AKK THE BEST
W. S. KAY MFG. CO. li! California st.
BUILKKSKNGI.SES.jD-IiAN  MACHINERY
water-pipes. Aiclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
BAJ;S, SCALES. MIKROR-. FRFNCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MtEK, 1118 Mission.
(^O*>KE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS.
J stand desk, money tt.i. safe; cheap. 102 CUyjk
, AKS, bHOWOAsEa." COUNTERS, SHFLV-1
I .- Hie. etc.. i ought an.l old. 1063 Mission. nr'.7id.^
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKGE-SIZK
fiit» and burglar proof safe. IW-lli Market *:.
BICYCLES.
QiAZ. "BEN-HUB," "BRA: I> NE\vTrEGI>
tip rtO. lar price *K5; guaranteed hi*h erad*.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Markefsu __
CT ARNS SPECIAL AND A ROAD WHEEL
O for sale at a sacrifice. Call at once &16 Geuiy.!^ HOUSES TO LET.
" 1 990 Busu -BTJNNY HOUSE; 9 KOOMS;
. - 1 -— — V yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
ASHTON * GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY
St.; 109 Volie.io st. near Front, suitable for
i»«llor boardiiig-houie; 8 rooms: rent *20.
f rr6 RkNT-1030 PINE. NKAR JONES (NOB
!» Hill)— 2-story house. 10 rooms and bath; newly
i a ntrd and pape.td; house open for Inspection
irom 2to Ir. ii, .
.^O7 DOWNTOWN: H ROOMS AND
•. O\J I batn: $:iO. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgy St.
• Ssl 7 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
."vJpX • • pered ; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
" 'Cfc ti\ 1731 BROADWAY, near gough— B
V. IV. rooms: every convenience; marine view.
AD ThNANTS KJKCTh.I>: *». SMITH,
-L> collector. 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10-11.
. 5 BOOMS; 6S3b si-.CGND ST.: Sl5 PER
*J -month. Key at C 39 > econd st.
'if ROOMS; 537b SKCOND bT.; SI 7 PER
' .% mo;tii. Key at 639 Second st.
.I r ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
•' provements: 45 Federal a;.; $10 per month to
• " desirable tenants. Key at 539 > econd st.
H- - lv XX.VI' i'oit VKKY LITTLE
money at l'Aibul.t a. x.AJUtaoNx»';i, It/
. Wonirninerv st.
■ * 1 II'KMSHKI) HOUSES
599 baker— furnished COTTAGE .'>
• l — — rooms and bath; convenient to 3 car lines:
. .; rent reasonable; re:ereuces required.
URNISHED MODERN iJ-ROOM HOUSE;
.best location: bath; pas range: chlcken-yaru:
reasonable. 2067 san Jose are., Alanieda.
COTTACiKS TO LKT.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
0 bath, baseuienu yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
. end Fifteenth sis.
C«O^ LEG ANT M.V, B ROOM COTTAGE,
.-. --i). O'Farreil st. see SPECK <t CO.. 602 Mkt.
Qi-l - MCE COITAGK: 5 KOOBIS: BATH;
.tjpj.c). stmny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
Srr AND 99: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 KOOMH;
«J) I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
°Bt.vorG. H. UMBSKN .V i ■'.. 14 Montgomery a:.
(FLATS TO LET;
DAY-WINDOW 1 1. a i 3 ROOMS. 28 KITCH
r X) st. near Folsom aud Third.
7 OWEK.UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: BaTH:
i-J yard: 15, «ia la siiotwell st.,ur. Fourteenth.
Z.fl\ FKLL-FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD AND
O\JO basement; rent $15.
SAVE MONEY BY RENTING FROM SPECK
<fe CO.. 602 Market. 300 vacancies to choose from, j
TO9«_)1 SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ' ROOMS;
;.A".O— O-.J modern improvements: rent $16.
'^ OOn TEHAMA — MODERN FLAT OF 6
O*—V rooms; latest improvements: rent reduced.
FIRST FLOOR. FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
. kitchen, washroom, basement, yard. 1205
;Goldeu Gate aye.
• "^9^ MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
<t£)~-iJ. 1128 Howard st., near Seventh.
4 -ROOM FLAT: FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral st.; 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 :-econd st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, t> AND 6
rooms. $8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
' FLATS 'IO KENT i'ult VKKY LITTLE
J money a: BALUWLX <i; HAJI-JIONI/i* in
iionicon rrv st. <■
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
.■ -. . IJirch Avenue.
• /'l - BIRCH AYE.. BtT. LAGUNA AND BU-
yJXO chanaa— 2 rooms and kitchen, 57.
Bush. Street.
9QI oi BUSH— TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
' «i/lu'i sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath and yard: cheap.
x oi»um .Street.
( ,~ i FOLSOM— NICE S'NNY FURNISHED
• ' l~i rooms to let for housekeeping; double or
, single: reasonable.
ii lull Street.
-)- C- FIFTH— CLKAN KUR WISHED HOUSE-
>J- *) keeping, il, $11 : 1, $7; sunny hall r. oni,ss.
fOC'l FIFTH — FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
"3-1-2 en itirnisjjed :or housekeeping: firM floor.
' . Harrison Street.
7QQ HARRISON— THREE HOUSEKEEPING
• OO rooms: complete: b»th.
Howard Street.
-- o HOWARD ST.— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
. 000 complete for houstkefp:ng; rent $7.
infift HuWAI D— KICK SUNNY BAY-WIN-
J UUU dow housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms; price reasonable.
•JOiiei >tree:.
r A-: JONES — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
O\JO doub'.e or «in^le, sunny.
Ktiirny Street.
■ 99Q KEARNY— 3 OK 5 ROOMS COMPLETE
•*-—£' for housekeeping: also suit and single.
•■9OA KEABSY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
— ,UU with gas or coal stove; other rooms.
i-arkln Street.
A C LARKIN-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
"*-••' for lig-ht housekeeping; terms moderate.
•; " Jiliin:. >tree..
AOCi MINNA F-T— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
IOU joom, with use of kitchen if desired: cheap
' \\Ct MINNA — FURNISH D SUNNY ROOMS
. i;ilJ for housekeeping; large yard.
— i on Street.
OAT MISSION — FKONT ROOM AND
O^l I kitchen; furnished for housekeeping.
-I nV/Q MISSION— CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
• JUDO ny rooms: housekeeping; and o. hers.
Montgomery Street.
r97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
• O£ t until 8:3 > o'clock; branch office or Tux
„' C*AIX; eubscrlptlons and want ads taken.
ISiAlonin Street.
rr(\-\ NATOMA, COR. KIGHTH— CON'NECT-
i U.I ing front rooms; complete; housekeeping;
• cheap.
. . - Octavia Street.
'~l'A(\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— SUNNY
. 1 lUi) bay-window, with kitchen: coal or gas
• stove. .
/ i'ost street.
I Q-j POST— LARGE AND SMALL FURNISH-
,\ VOX ed room, housekeeping; gas s:ove; bath.
r- |V POST— SUITE UNFURNISHED PAR-
.I Jt). lors; also suite furnished bousekpg rooms.
.. • Seventh "street. ";. ;',-J;<
3 SEVENTH— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
• ) plete for housekeeping; 2 beds: no children un-
der 12.
.^ — — — — — — — — —^— ~— — — . .»
v Xliiril stress.
••1 r\n\ THIRD ST. - NICELY FURNISHED
IUDa housekeeping rooms: very reaionable.
• ' ' KOO3IS TO LET.
Clay Street.
• Tin 1*« COR. CLAY AND MASON— GOOD,
'. X l'"i sunny front rooms.
••■•'•*. • Eddy Street.
: 0 EfiDY, CORNER POWELL— FURNISHED
■O front rooms; 86 to $10 per mouth.
•"1 l Q EDDY— SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
HO rooms $6 up; also housekeeping; no tran-
...(fient. ",';'.:'• s .
Eighth Street.
• OHEBMAS APABTiIKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
' - tit., Dear Market: furnlshea and unfurnished.
V'JC' EIGHTH— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
•''•' nished or unfurnished: $7.
' ■ • ttllU Street.
'pay A!, HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
XI cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining dally papers: 'smoking-room and ladles'
■ rarlor; opeu all nli<lit: rooms per night. 35c to
■51 50: week, »2 to SS: month. So to «30: lire es-
japes: elevator on office floor; annex of 66 rooms
m uw ready :hot and cold water In each room; baths.
/rpHl. KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
' J- HaRT. manager— A quiet house: centrally 10-
. cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot «t cold water.
I'lllli street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth st.. cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 pernlsht: $2 to 85 per week. . •
J'olnom Street.
q/'QI FOLSOM— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; BENT
00(72 fl2amonth.
KOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Franklin Street.
%1 FRANKLIN — 1 SUNNY FRONT ROOM:
Zi\J 1 $6 per month. -
• Geary Street.
1 GEARY - EEGANTLY FURNISHED
IUO silnny room*; en suite or single; oflices.
91 X OKARY ST., OPP. UNION ><i ARE- j
— I O 4 unfurnished rooms; key at 217 Geary St. \
Cl Q GKARY - LA-KGB SUNNY Tt.ONT |
01 O rooms: board If .... ■sired; back parlor with
piano: suites and single: bath.' j
7yT GEARY— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOM;
i ZiL rent, reasonable: references.
m - GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS; SUITE OR
0 I 0 single: lolding-beds.if desired: reasonable.
M&ight Street.
nnA HAIGHT — FURNISHED SUNNY AL-
JjJ-\J cove rooms with Kitchen and pivJO.
llaiiiMin Street.
QO" HARBISON — FURNISHED FRONT
*) Z. O room: 14.
iit»%, arci siioo..
OHO HOWARD— ELEGANTLY furnished
J(JO looms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
(V..0 HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
Ui «./ Mines or single.
1 °\>J howa::d— 2 ROOMS furnished
io-i for housekeeping; private; no children.
doiiox Mi-net.
9A7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLR-. NEW
—A" • management; plegan: sonny snltes and
flngle: newly iurulshed: bath, etc : »10 toSoO.
Kvurny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
J\- Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
Lexington Avenue.
001 LEXINGTON AYE.— 9 NICE SUNNY
' 0~l faralsned rooms and bath; complete for
housekeeping; rent $18.
Lily Avenue,
"I OJ LILY AYE.— TO LET: SUNNY FRONT
J-Ott room; furnished for lady; reasonable.
Market Street.
"I f| s 9 MARKET-NICE SUNNY FRONT ]
J-U«)— room: well furnished; suitable for man ]
and wife or 2 gentlemen; also housekeeping rjomi,
reasonable
\ " • -KMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, $35 to $1; week. $1 50 to $5; families.
-I-199 MAP.KET — NICELY FURNISHED
X — — sunny suite; also single rooms.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY, BET. MA.
son and Taylor— Sunny room, 5>5.
Mason >treet.
8 MASON, COR. MAKKFT (ALBEMARLE)—
Nicely furnished sunny front rooms on Market
St.; suite or single; suitable for olllces.
Minna Stree:. ,
|O1 MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE \
IOJ- front i00m5,95 mo.ur>; hot. cold water baths. '
fall 1 ! MINNA. CORNER KIGHTH— NEWLY
UU • furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, Thl MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to 9t5 per week.
QO(* MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUNNY
OOU room, suitable for housekeeping: $10. ]
1991 MISSION— SINGLE AND EN SUITE;
I —— . -L rant reasonable: sunny.
99X1 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
--<Ji gentleman; bath: rent $7: also single.
O'l-Hrroll Mroo;, .
r-rvn O'FARRELL —KLEGANT SUNNY
il/O rooms; first-class bo-rJ : reasonable.
Fine Ktree:.
V"ICEI.Y FURNISHED FRONT ROOM FOR
-».\ either one or two gentlemen. 739 Pines:.
QH 7 FINE. NEAR I'OH'KLL — 3 FCR-
OU I nisbtd housekeeping rooms with bath; also i
other rooms. i
tost street.
(?(!?) POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
''— — rooms: bath; hot, cold wa er: $8; sunny
suites; reasonable. ' " ...
Q9Q POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O—'J front sul.e: toilet and bath connected.
Powell Street.
TO POWELL— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY \
i 1) rooms: suite or single.
_ i
Mxth Street.
DO PIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
dO rooms: ill conveniences; lireproof building.
1/\W SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY !
-LUO front rooms; double or single: $5 up.
. j
Aevemn >ir«je..
"I An SEVENTH ST.. GIRARD HOUSE— ELE- '
lia gant turn, suites, kitchen: also single rooms ■
. j
Stevenson Street.
Af\Q STEVENSON — NEWLY FURNISHED
ttUO rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or. !
without board. .
CXX STEVE VSOX- 2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
-000 nlshed, one large and one small.
rO A STEVENSON, OFF NINTH—
tO'i furnished room: use of bath.
Mock;on i.icb;.
THF. EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON-FUR- i
-L nlshed suites from $* to $10 a week: single {
rooms, 81 -0 to $3 a week; hot and coLd water in '
every room: baths: transient specialty: tlevntor. '
Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MA V. KET — LARGE
sunny front room; rea, enable.
Turk -Street.
!\AO TURK-LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SUN-
•'^O nyroom; running water; grate; gas and
bath: $10.
Webster Street.
991 £ Webster -s C N N V newly FTJR-
'-^'XO nisbed rooms for gentlemen: references.
Aliacnllnneoua.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch oitice of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
BOY OR GIRL EMPLOYED DURING THE
day to board, or a child ; terms moderate. 110
Austin St., oft Polk, near Pine. •
'7< / PINE (X V A)-NE WEY FUR- !
• +j*j niahed (.iiit.- and single rooms; service
strictly lirst-clasi; references.
i 71 9 POST-2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, i
• x 4. with board, suitable for 2; $20 each; parlor. I
T> X.SPECT A COUPLE WISH TO BOARD \
XX, and care for lor 2 children ; best of references : '
sunny house: large playground; in Western Addi-
tion: nice view: would board elderly person or
couple. Apply 401 Post st. ' : - r
1 k CALIFORNIA - NEWLY FUR-
XU--W nlshel pleasant rooms, with table board;
terms moderate.
1401 VAN liKSH - COR. BUSH-SUNNY
1 ivl double and single rooms with board; '.el.
A A SIXTH TST.-THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
atl" gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLINO. 714 BV9H-A FAMILY
hotel: reftrences: all modern conveniences. •
IUiL,J>ICt:-i tMIAKDXS.
(GERMAN FAMILY WOULD LIKE CHILD
T to board or infant to raise on bottle, Call or
addresi A. B. C, i 032 Hampshire St., bet. Twenty-
second and Tweniy-tulrd.
OMF iRTABLE HOME FOR COUPLE OF
\-' cnildren, or no objection to imam; terms
reasonable. Address 5t531 Twenty-first St., above
Cburcb.
STORKS TO LET.
STORK. NE. COR. SEVENTH AND FOLSOM.
for rent cheap.
BAI'.BER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
i-> llshed 16 years: $18 per month; key ax 539
hecond st.
larpenler-'hop; $7 per month. 6le Doom st. ;
key at 539 Second su
Plumbing shop; $U per month. it SeßoomsU;
key at 539 Second «t.
i Cornpr.store, 631 Second su; $14 par month;
key at 039 Second st.
Vtl f\ FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
rtx\j in rear: low rent. Apply to G. 11. UMKSEN
* CO., 14 Montgomery st.
TORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2' LIVING-
rooms. 1802 Howaia su. cor. Fonrteeuth;
rent cheap. .,..-...
VINE " BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
X business; one block from Market. IS Grant aye.
AT LOW KKNT-PARi- Oil' b'lOliifi AND
batemeub 324 Post su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
KDI'CATIOXAL-
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ ac( ' School of. Instruction (Incorporated):
PRACTICAL and I' DIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest improvea methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE procesi, etc.; SPKC/AL
ATI EN IMON given to caieful a say and ana,v,is
or ores, waters, etc. 20 O'Farreil *v: elevator.'
"1 -UKSIVESHOimiAND-ISTHE EASII>T.
■ . I* 81 and cheapen: vowels and consonants
joined: DO positions: descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitman. Graham, M;n:son and Marsh writers
corrected and spi-edeJ: tir,t-cliis< r«>iere ices. KOS-
COt tAMi'.s, room 70, Flood building. '
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
STaf 1 5? i l 4 0 11 V. 121 .5 «'c:avia st., San Francisco.
h "«. S *: Ll ' MA « KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
*' W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.
teacher. . llice days, Tnurs. and (Sat. p. m.
yii-Ai.i-s i;vMNhss nii.i, 24 POST—
XX Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches
electrical engiueßrlng: -0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ales; day and evening sesslous; catalogue.
A YRES'. THK LEADING COLLEGE. 32*
-"V Montcomerr st.; individual lnstructloa \i
eliorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
l •<• scholarship $50 1..w rate* per week and ma.
STAMMERING. LISPING, ALL IMPERFKC-
tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. R. s. DAVIS. 1508 Markeu
"trOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW MORjC
-•- pupils In any branch of Kttg ish or mathe-
matics. Addresi J. E. C, box 149, Call Office.
1/ Ni. I N RING Si HOOL; MECH.. ELEC«
-Uici.\il. lulning. sorvey, assay, -.i.hi-., X Tav
tam:ht:fs.lBt>-L A.VAN NAJLLKN.933 Mkt
OTIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSI.VKSS
kJ College, 723Mar*etsu; students trained; office
situations secured-, lowest rates or credit for tuition
1/ LOCUTION AND DRAMA; lEi.SARTK
xj thoroucnly tnusht; appearances arranged: 1 to
bP.M. OLIVE HOFF-SCil KOtDEK, 299 Hyde sU
r>KLASCO'^LYCKU.vI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private trrea;ricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. bock. 7th and Mku
ENGLISH. LATIN AND MATHKMAI ICS;
literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
(24 l/Farrell St.
"PUOF. LOL IS MEHKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet reasonable. 220 Geary, or. Powell.
TfRENCU.SPANISH.ETC.: Prof. De ULIPPE'S
-1 Academy of Languages, 320 Post; e-.tao'a 1871.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FUR THE
►J Call taken at brunch Ollice, 359 liuyes su;
open until » :30 o'clucic
I^OOKKPNG. WKIING. AUITUM'Ic'. iTraMR.
JJdav <t night: aoclaises; $5 month. 845 Mission.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX Months. NEW,
quick method: $2 i>o per mouth. .I.'.i Hyde st.
PIANO LESSONS A I' PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
bestref. B. F. . box 76, Call Ollice.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
lug, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAI.
\X li'ssoim. S:< nin. Mary Wi-mhniH. it» Fifth. |
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman
her. own pliys.cian for nil female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause: restores always in one day:
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
If yon want to be treated safe a d sure call on a
man's physician, DR. POPPB.R, 818 Kearny st.
\ LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
•A- (from whatever caus ■) restore t in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; home in conlinement: lust cure and
privacy; regular physician; 30 year*' successful
practice; my celebrated remed es for monthly
suppression never fall : medical electricity for ail
fern a c comp alms: every oaae guaranteed: con-
sultation fr<e. coniiden.lai: hours 10 to 5: ptll*sL
MRS. DR. \\ YKTii, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE PIS.
-»»- easts from whatever Caus-: a. home In con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tur. su
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
■£*■ less: never fails In any case Of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cau->e; no flee nc:ty hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded If a cure Is no: eff<eied: travelers
1 helped Immediately; yearn' experience: home In
continemem with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians. DR. AND
MRS. DA VI KS, 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernla
Bank: boats, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
A PROCESS THAT NKVKR FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when m^dlcmes
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years'. experience: nvery ms«- guaranteed;
advice free; i«rma reasonable; ilrt>t-claM priv»t»
borne for conrlnemenc. MKs. Dr. DaLEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOOLKTS FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma: tor who? cause): positively safe an!
sure; no dan; r or after effects: taken in time I:
also acts as a preventive; prico $1 50 per box;
hen free by mail on tecelix oi price. WALLEtt
BROS.. St Grans aye.
DR. AND MR-<. W' (iESKII. 526 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before ami urine con rinemen : female complaints
skillfully treated; regular j-hysicUn: quick re. iff
for travelers: 'est Ciire; moderate: bublt-s
adopted la good families; consultation free; pills 92.
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill- free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Nest aye.
"I ADIEB, CHICHESTERS ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Reller lor Ladies." In letter by return mall;
■t druggb>:'s- Chichester Cbem. Co.. Philadelphia
A LPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
■• »- dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure; $2 sOexi're<<sC <> D.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland;C*l.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
X\- Institute all enses treated ana medicines fur-
nshed for *1 ; call or write. 1029V4 M rket
bet. Sixth and Seventh, >nn 1 raucisc^, Cal.
\c\i\ paid for A CASE i fail FO CURE
tipOKfyj of K-male complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. Dlt. SCOT! ,4IO Geary
U FKAK'.i FKMaLK RKGULA I ING PILLS;
safe and emclent emmenazoKiie: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO..drugg,sts. 40U Clay st.,soleagt%
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet St.: bis 30 year*
snecessf ul practice Is a rantee of fair treatmeui;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
HOME IN' CONFINEMENT; IRKKGULARI-
-ties restored. DR. AND MRS- RAY, 51 Fifth.
HOMK. A FRIEND AND MOTH CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth su. Alamed.v.
F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
.■••«• MRS.DR. PUETZ and becontent. '-.54U, 4th.
DR. hall, 14 McAllister STREET. NKAit
if Jones. Diseases of women and children.
DKNTISTS.
C»7 FULL SET TEETH: Bfc*T MAKE;
tjp • . kept in repair: extracting free: linings, cue;
crowns, $.i 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
IpULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
' years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, ligtuest, coolest plate made;
■warranted 10 yiars: fillings. 50c; crowns, S3 JO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
DX. J. J. LEKK. 1126 MARKET Sl'.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
'"POSITIVELY PA I.KSi EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, SOOSutter cor. Powell, main 5376
■CURST-CLASS DKNTISTHY-. CHEAP; PiJ.
i* able SI week. CHAPMAN. 16th anil Mission.
r^IIALtANT & CUALFANT, .MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridsjework aspeclalty.
CULTON DENTAL ASSOCIA i lON. 80b JdAK-
ket St. DR. CUARLE-. W. DF.cKKR.
Q»rj A SET FOR TKHTH— W A NTED A 1
•J5 I food as can be made: tilling $1 DR blMlii
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
r>AlNLi£e>S EXTRACTION. MJC: CROWN
1 bridge work a specialty, plates $5 up: lSyearr
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.6*.. 815*4 Geary.
TVR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 M.ARKKT ST, Nil.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas Tea.
SET or 1 TEE I'll WiTiiUl'l' a rLAI'JL Hoi
O H. G. Yonng, 1841 Polk s:.
KOO.ME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAK-
\J keu bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialist*; palnleti
txtracting. with gas, $1; plates. $5 op; fill, «1 up.
R. GKORGK W. LEEK. THE UKNUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from »Sto 20 O'Farreil «:.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAiV
ranted. DR. -1 W. KEY. 1122 Market »v
OFFICKS TO LET.
DESK BO M CHKAP; LARGE .SUNNY OF-
lice, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Deslrab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. MOV TOY A CO.. 30 .Montgomery.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH 8T
board and room fl to (2 per day, (6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to SI: suite
looms for family Si to si 50 per night: tlrst-class
ecrvicv; Woe coscU CHARLES iloNTOUilliiiY
PERSONALS.
RHEUMATISM CURED WITHOUT FAIL
11 witu the aid of their marvelous electrical ap-
D raiutb. DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNET .C
Bath-: go to-day and be cured: board and sunny
room if desired: free consultation, 1 to 3 an.) 6 to
s. f-uuda.s 10 to 12. SANITARIUM, 1533 BU-
CHANAN ST. f rr^O
TIAGCAKPii-TSWOVETOOkDER FOR SALE. 1
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portier-s: deal-
er in carpel twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st., Oakland. Cat
\ T LINCOLN BROS., CASH GROCERS,
-^\- 226 SIXTH S.T.,
MIDDLE OF THK BLOCK
Four pounds codfish, 25-; 6 Irish herrings, 25c;
10 b»st bloaters, 25c: 15 cakes soup, 26c: large
can mince meat. 25c: box macaroni or vermi-
celli, 25c; sack cor i meal, 20c ; 3 cans oysters.
25c: 3 cans salmon, 25c: 3 cans table fiult. 25c:
6 cans sardines, 25c: 6 lbs. corns. arch, 25c; 6
lbs. prunes or pears, 25c; 6 lbs. apricots or plums,
25c: butter, 20c a roll; eggs, 15c a dozen; 23 lbs.
granulated sugar, $1.
Remember me name, LINCOLN.
GENTLEMAN OF >iEANS WISHE-* TO COR-
" J respond with n lady In the same position: ob-
ject matrimony. Address C. B. L., box 130,. CalL
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE .LAWs A SPEC-
/x laity: private: no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale*
damages, etc. : private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-!aw, 850 Market.cor.Sioclctn
T HAVE IMITATORS, L TS OF THEM; BUT
i- there's only one— G. LEDERER— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of hair-
dreasiuj» Is 25c. Hair-dressing with shampuo, 5Uc.
• Q I.NONIA" Hair Tonic. 35c. Gray or bleached
hair restored to natural color with perfectly harm-
less preiaration. G. LEDKR&K, 111 block ton st.
He sure of the number.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE RKA-
X sonabie: 10 years' experience: hr«. 10 to 12 v .
2to 5. 7 :o Bp. M. G.K. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, r.tt.
HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBKR,
♦ gasfitter. t'JSGoldenGaie ay. Tel. .Sutler 471.
SSTROZY-NSKI, 24|GEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutlers; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
ELKGKAPHY AND TYPEWRITING PRAC-
X tlcally taught; day or evening; $5 per month.
7 Hyde st. .
f\ VKGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
\J • to his advantage by calling uponLANDKY
C. BABIN, 4iB Kearny st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE, CARD-KEADING AND
magnetic treatmenu Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Butter st.
1 »IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
\J ria;e: terms of pa nicntob lsing: legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market St.. S. F.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
A lowest estimates ;best work gtiarante d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eday.
MIS KKKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdrea«ing par or;
latest effecis;prlce 2sc. 124 Va O'Farrell, nr.PoweU.
LAI RA DE FORCE GOKD». ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
1 (\i\C\ CARDS, $1 SO. SHOW CARDS. KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
G; 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINKI'a Ai' \»lLr
<pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
c 97 aIONTGOMEKY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
•'— i 1,1 Tuk Call,- waat ads and suoscrlptlons
taken.
ARLINGTON'S bCUOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine St.: illustrations '.uruisbed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
AUTISTIC U AIRDKES-ING, 25c: 525 F')R
eana of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 .Market St., room 28.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; No PAY
until cured: sond for book. I>R& Ua.Nj.
FIELD A POKTKKPIELD. £38 Market st.
MAGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
i>l chine: uses iheklnetoscope alma; price $25a
BACIGALUPI. 948 Market St.
Air ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
'» Inc. paintiriK.etc.. by contract or day's worlcai
ynoruwn pnee. B.K. MKKIGAN, 1302 Webster sU
BIG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic »d-
-vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester lions?. 44 Third su. nr. Market;
'.00 room*. 25c to $1 KJ per night: SI 50 to |6 per
neck; free bus and baggage to aud from the ferry.
t CLOAKS. FURS ANI» SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansotn* st.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
fV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her If you are interested In the affairs of life;
It marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you: if
you car* to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: In a word, what-
ever may he your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours »a. M. to BP. v.. strict. N. B.— Sa.lsfactlou
cusranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket sU. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
p c. C. c! '• c!
".■• Remaining 2 weeks only: the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck In love courtship and marriage: business
and mining Investments aspeclalty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Flf.n at., room L
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
«*r by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs; ooth-
Ing excepted; names given; good advice: sore
help; restores lost lov« by sympatny; mistake im-
possible: fee SI; letters 2. 929 Post su, nr Larkla.
MRP. L. KIIRHORN. CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
dally; circles Tuesday and Friday evenings, 8
o'clock. 1147 Mission si.
MMX. SVBILLJS TELLS FROM CRADLK TO
grave: pictures given : ladles 25c : 914 o'>'arr«ll.
ME. MORIiAU, CLAIRVOYANT AN"
medium in city: fee 25c up. 704 Howard st.
M.MX. HANBEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, piesent and future: 25c. 148 6th, r. .'•.
ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: names given; 26c up.s Fuurth
MISS MELVILLE. WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
heater. «05 Post St., room 2 |
MM . LEON A RETURNED,; CARDHEADKK;
magnetic treatmenu 995 : Market, room 3.
i LICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
xL healer; permanent. 128 Seventh St., top flat.
G* PSY ' LIFE. READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
RETURNED— EVA FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
X\> life-reader; satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4th.
VI ME. SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
i>i ant; rard-read«r. 846 Folsom <<t.
SriKITUALISM.
AT 108 SIXTH ST.-Mhß. FLEMING, SPlR-
ituul healing; test-developing circle at 8 p, m.;
admission, 25c.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
-uin: life readings, love arT.lrs, business In vest-
ments,mlnlng speculations a specially. 838 Mission
MRS. MA Y<> STEERS, 1121-, OAK ST.; CIK-
i'X cle Tuesday, 8 r. m., also i'hursi ay, 2 p. v.;
readings SI.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS.,
J'l Wed. and Frl., '£ p. m.; trance cir.. Mod. and
Frl. eve., 2. c; Bluings dally. 826 Me A lister st.
EDNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dlurn and magnetic healer. 865y 2 Market st.,
room 10. /.':.', ; ■• • r;"
ME. YOUNG— TEST CIRCLE TO-NJOHT,
10c: tnvestlgatioo invited. 418 McAllister st.
RS. HEN DEE ROGERS; TEST DEVEL-
oping circle to-n.ght; sittings daily. 109 Oak.
A T 229 FELL ST.-MRS. D. N. PLACE'S CIR-
xL cle to-night: 2"» cents.
PROFESSOR MINGO'S DARK CiKCLE FOR
X Invest:gail6n; admission 2oc. 884 Mission St.
Vl KS. tLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B. SI;
li circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. m., 25c. 333 Valencia.
1 I—MRS.1 — -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
iranc* test medium & life reader. 218 Stocktou
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Haicht st.: hours 9 until 6 pm.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grid. HrpnoUcMesmerlclns,6 O'Farrell
ATTOItNEYS-AT-LAAV.
ADVICK FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
Xi. laity; private; no fee without snoctss: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton su
ADVICE FKEE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
"!> W. KING. ATTORNEY-aT-LAW. CHRON-
J.V. lcle building: advice freeflow fees: all cases.
■ A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
xV. cessfuL J. U. JKFi'litbS, 632 Market, rm.23.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REA^ ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor. Crocker Building.
HEADUUABTKES FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES*. GKKAT BARGAINS.
rPAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cneaper than you ever will
again.
1 (\{\ * 150 TO * 300: BUILDING LOTS:
©i"v. no grading; near >n.-<sion-st. and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthly.
fijj-' 9100. $150 TO *h'JO: (lloUKsr LOTS
«P tO. south of the park: near AUiliated Col-
leges. new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
(Jj^'A TO $1300: RICHMOND LOTS: WE
«3T — O\J can positively sin. you In location, price
and terms.
Call o!i us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ <fc BROTHER.
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
Cjf'Xn BUILDS 4 - ROOM BAY-WINDOW
tIpUtJU cottage with bathroom and brick foun-
dation. OEO. M. BALSBURY, builder, 2010 Ellis.
Al INVESTMENT— NEW FIATS JUST BE-
rne completed on Fulton at., near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, Owner and builder, t!3U Mar-
ket st.
ciijnnn for sale or EXCHANGE.
t!?'l.\J\J\J . New cottage on 23U aye. East Oak-
land; C rooms and bath: high basement; brick
lounUauoii; bay windows; lot 6'-'xl(iO.
U. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
Y£W HOU>ES JUST COMPLETED; SUNNY
l.i side of Cole st., near Waller; 8 and 10 rooms;
large lots, 125 feet deep; street to bo bituminized.
Apply premises
COUNTRY SEAL ESTATE.
CTANFORD ESTATE LANDS
FOR SALE
BY KcAFKH BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BKOKER S '
AND FINANCI .' L AGENTS. '
IUB MONTGOMfc-UY STREET.
TIEDLANDS. SAN BEKXARDISO COUNTY,
-It the famous orange belt— The property known
as the "btillmaii Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlunds ut;d only one mile
from the busiue->n center; surrounded
by the Leautisul orange troves and resi-
dences for which that place Is well known. Th»
property Is planted 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres 111 grai es, and also orunges, al-
falfa and grain: only a few hundred feet from two
railroads: winery and everything necessary for
wive making: all under irrigation. '1 his property-
can be suodividtd into town lots or acre lots, total
acreage aS2y 3 acres.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— THE PROP-
erty known as the "Mccoppln Tract,"
containing 320 acres; two miles from
the town of Ban Luis Obispo: planted
in barley and hay: rich black soil: farm-
house, barn and other out-houses suitable Jor
fruits and vegetables: picturesque locality and
line climate San Luis Obispo is on the coast line
of railroad which will soon be completed through
to Los Angeles ana be the choice scenic overland
route.
rpEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
i- as the "Copland Ranch," containing -.000
I acre, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging
to Stanford University. The Copeland ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a horse farm, and
every appliance for raising and training horses
exists tiieie, including barns, pa'ldocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc.. with good dwellings,
men's quarters, etc.; the soil is rich black riv r
bot'.om. covered with line o.iks: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch by s:eamboats: abundaut water lor irri-
j gation from Deer Creek is distribute.! all over the
j land; th* selection of this tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants us excellence as a horse farm.
rpEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
1 as the ••sbnfer 'I ract." containing 240 acres,
on Deer Creek, about one mile from Copeland
ranch: partially planted in assorted fruits and
: vint'varl: all under irrigation; farmhouse and |
j stable, and all fenced.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
ffl;Q'f\ 80 ACRES: 6 MILES FROM NaPA;
liyOOyj. 4-room lions •. barn and chick n-
: houses: 2 »ere* In fruit; all fenced: fine water
i supply. P. S., box 77, Call office.
rpUE PROBLEM SOLVED. ~~~ '
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ON"LV 20 miles FROM STOCKTON.
healthful climate.
delightful HOMES.
GOOD crops, with OR without irri-
GATION.
1280 acres on San Jo quin Valley Railroad, near
Escalon, San Joaquin County. Cal.; under Stanis-
laus canal; level and fertile: suitable to alf:i fa,
-beets, train, fruit (including oranges), vege-
table*, etc.
. SUBDIVISIONS OF 10 ACRES OR MORE.
PRICE $25 PER ACRE AND UPWARD.
For further particulars aidress
MCAFEE BItOrHKRS.
Real Kstate Brokers and Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery si.. Sail Francisco.
A lfalfa LANDS TO LKAsE ~
Xx.
For a term of years; level, fertile loam, under
canal; near Escaion, San Joaquin County, Cal.. by
McAiEE BKOTHEKS,
108 Montgomery street. San Francisco, Cal.
QQfiA PKR ACRE: 5 AND 10 ACRE LOTS
tiDOKtKJ In the town of Sar.ln Clara; mostly full
bearing vineyard, wltn tome orchard; city water;
lights and streetcars.
fijornn 17 ACRES UNIMPROVED land,
(jp^jO\J\J. near san Jo.ie: will exchange for cot-
tage or good vacant lots in Oakland or Aiameda.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE IN THE THIRD
-L> ward In San Jose; will exchange for San Fran-
cisco property.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBBE A CO,
218-220 Montgomery at.. Mills Building.
IMPROVE CHICK RANCH; 10% ACRES;
J- only $250 down, balance within 9 years. A.
BEST, Sonoma, Cal.
19- ACRE CHICKEN RANCH: 3 ACRES
«- creek bottom: 6 Intervale, around a five-
room house; barn; several chicken-houses: balance
hill: covered with timber; plenty wood and run-
ning water; lovely shad» trees; some irni:: two
miles from town; $1000; half cash : also several
1 pieces, partly improved, on the 10-year plan, and
I 4, 8 and 12-acre pieces, vacant, at $50 to $100 per
j acre. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City.
__ ;
FOR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fenced ■ and improved. Inquire Is. a.
iIR.ITON, Williams, Cal.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale ov 11. FRANCIS,
rooms Chronicle building, San Franclsco.Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN; $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch: best part of Kern Co. 11., box 20, Call Office.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO ToWX; IM-
-Lj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on SJ and I 1 years' credit. D. H. TWI.NG. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market .'.t.. s. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: 00 commissions; no delays.
J. MinNAS, 1017 to 1023 .Mission si-, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
QOfjA r\(\f\ AT 6V2 PER CENT ON CITY
I «IpOUV/.UUU real estate: also Oakland :estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place 10 oDlain the most liberal advances on
! diamonds and jewelry at tbe very lowest rotes.
Baldwin Jewelry store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D'.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
{ A— PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
J\. very light Interest. is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, .-09 Market.
flfc'JO^ |inn AT JJANK ATE Ist AND
(£O-{mO.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc;
lend as low as $50. H. -M UK I'll Y. 628 Market st
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
»'« loan at 66c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
1 _
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW .INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
<J>r oo,ooo ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
«3>Oerty; low rates. A. SCH I'LLKR, 420 Cala. St.
JOANb ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
J of Interest. JAS.B.BI OOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
ONBY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
fij.-r\ TO $50,000; LiAVhvr HATK: IST & 20
O<JU mortgage: Hat or insurant. Dry (Jen, 536 Cal,
\ DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS.JKW
Columbia Loan & < ollaieral Ulllc*. » (irant aye.
PHYSICIANS..
I DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET, RES.
I jJ 2804 25th st.; disease* oz women •specialty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WANTED- PLACE IN KLMHUKST IN EX-
»» change for very lar--e ot and mo«tern 5 room
cottage in Lorln: )>rice 52250: no moreaie. Ap-
ply immediately to A. J. &NYDER & Coi, 467
.Ninth St.. Oakland. . '
. y COTTAGKB OF 2 AND 3 ROOMS RE.SPEC-
- tively will be sold to the hUh-st bidder for
cash: must be removed within thirty days. Apply
to Richard J. Montgomery, executor estate Of
JIAKGARBi P. McCOURTNEV, loom 57 906
Broadway, Oakland.
TO EXCHANGE — 6- ROOM AGE <L >T
52x130, $3000) for ciear ranch. J. 11. EDaoV
1209 Broadway. Oakland. '
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lot for *950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7.1, $.i cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
qjj7'TO $160 FOR CHOICK BUILDING
<tj) I O lots la the town of FUchbunj; a new sta-
| lion established near Oakland, on the Hay wardf
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company: only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
err minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUXKU, owner. Uls>2 V. auiiin^tuu bl,
Oakland Cat.
ALAHEDA' ADVERTISEMENTS
.4IAJTFTIV I.K.VL F^TAT 1 ?.
©O/inn NO CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 6-
tip—' 1""i room co;ta c: lari:e lot near station.
$2500— Colonial cottagi-:tive rooms; near narrow-
cauce sta'iQn: easy terms.
$27. o— Beautiful coiace: colonial style; 6
rooms; near Grand-street station. -'Your icrmsare
ours."
MARCU«E & REMMEL, Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Aiameda: 628 Market st., San Fran-
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
hEAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSK
I> aye.. near Grand si.: house, 10 rooms and
bath: '2 years price $7000: or will exchange
for.san Frairtisca EASTON. ELDRiDGE CUM-
PANY, 638 Market st.
I OWN NICK RESIDENCE' 1 OT. 60 FEET
front, in Milwaukee, Wis.. worth *30 per front
loot; would like 10 exchange for same value in
Aiameda. D. B. HANSON, 9 Fremont st., S. F.
I EAUTIFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS.
i ' examine Damon's rjo if cottages; 4, 5 and 6
rooms; 31760. 2050, $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near brcond-ave" station. Office, 602 Market.
(J'OJ A FKOKT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
O— work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Aiameda. or GaMAN LY0N.215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
. — ,
BAKGAI.N— 25 ACRES CHOICK FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter v getables, ?'JS acre; S3 acres rich
sol., 4 fluwinespr'is, $35 re, ail f.-nced. nr. Pleas-
anton, Alurneda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
■ AUGAINS-$3O PR FOOT;LO IS ON NORTH
I - side San Antonio avu., near Urand st.
SI 250—50x150; -an Jo s « aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x160. new modern house. 5 rooms
And bath: norlu side of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL » M EDA LAN CO..
1500 Park gt.. Aiameda.
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS. >. W. CORNER CEN-
tfal uve. and Beaton st : one block from Mor-
ion station; an elegant residence: fine, Urge
grounds; good location lor family boarding. T. F.
B IKl>, 1303 Park st., A lame. I a
AI.AMEDA HOUSES FURNISHED.
rp > i.ET FURNISHED— HOUSE OF FROM 8
Xto 11 rooms: beautifully located : large grounds
with orchard: suitably arranged for priva c board-
ing if de« red: rent in part exchange for table
board. For further particulars address C. 8,,
A-ani?ila, Cal.
BEKKEL.EI' HOUSES.
"VURNISIIED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
' bath, (M, laundry; near 3 car lines. MKS. S.
J. I.nuall*. 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley. • !
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r.|| ll < 1 1 - E S ; A N D LofsT"J?]rd M^~lp2ofji"Tb
O\J $28, 00U: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
FOR EXCHANGE — FINE RESIDENCE
property on best part of California St.; street
accepted; large lot, 34 137 :«; will exchange
for property east Octav'.a St., or Oakland, close to
sta.ion. Adiiross 0., box 12, Call Office.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOMES
O tor Rale. WOO^TKK WHITTO.V. <<an Jo»«.
LEGAL NOTICES.
T^OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THKRE
-I-' :.r.- funds in the treasury to redeem bends
issued on Levee District .no. 1 of sutler County,
•Cal.. according to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880. as follows, to wit: Bond No.
93, $500; bond No. 92, $500: bond No. 91, $500; I
bo id No. 90. $500; bund No. 89, $500: bond No.
88.4600; io.,d No. 87. $500; bond No. 86, $500:
bend No. 85, $500; bond No 84, $500; bond No.
83, $500: iond No. 82, *500; hond No. 74. $500;
bond No. 73. $500: bond No. 72. ?500; bond No.
71, 4500, and bond .No. 70 $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days Irom the date of this
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the interest thereon will cease. from and after
which time no Interest slia:i be allowed on said
bonds. ! . J. COPE,
Treasurer of Suiter County, Cal.
Dated Yuba City, February 18 1897.
■VTOTICK TO CREDITORS — ESTATE OF
-Li FONG CUING, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the unde. signed, CHUN LI, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of FONG CHING. deceased,
to the creditors of and all persons having claims
ag&iust the said deceased to exhibit them with
the necessary. vouchers wl hln four niouthts after
the first publication of this notice to the said ad-
ministratrix above named at the law offices of
THOMAS D. RioRDAN. No. 3'.'B Montgomery
street California Safe Deposit building, rooms
204-^OB, Sun Francisco. California, the sime be-
inic her place fur Mis transaction of the business of
tbe said psta.e In the City and County of San
Francisco, state of California. -
CHIN LI, Administratrix of tbe estate of
FONG CHING, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 17. 1837.
i ■\TOTICE TO CREDITORS — ESTATE OF
±V GEORGE W. CORNWALL, deceased. No-
i tice is hereby given by the undersigned, adminis-
tratrix of the estate Of GEORGK W. CORN-
WELL, deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons havlug claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit tbem with the necessary vouchers, within
four months after the first publication cf this no-
tice to the said administratrix, at tbe office
of E. M. MORGAN, attomeyatlaw, rooms 35
and 36, 1,4 Sansome street, San Francisco, the
same being her place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California.
FELICIA F. CORNWELL, administratrix of
the estate Of GEORGE W. CORN WKLL, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, January 20, 1897.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the county Clerk's office:
Otto Strobmeier ana Emma Meyer, 25—22.
Clifford H. Mott and J. Grayson Harper. 30—23.
John B. Hurd and Beatrice Reftly, 31-20.
M. G. Marshall and Murtha J. Cosine, 22—17.
J. J. N. Bcbroederand Mar/ A. Kelchner, 33 — 33.
'ueorge B. Dallas and Mac Keuney, 28—20.
Robert L. Dempsey and Mary I. Elmers, 23—20.
Alfred r efdlniM and HUga live], 34—28.
J. seni-'i>zn aud Am? la U. I.(soiiiar«i;in, 27—18.
Garrett Itieley end Elizabeth tady,. 19.
Samuel Alts ul<r ana Josephine Ja' obs. 32—26.
E. J. McDev it and Alice iiradtield, 27—23.
BIftTHS— — MATHS.
f Birth, marriage and death notices neat by mall
will not bo inserted. They must be handed la a:
either of the publication oilier.* and be Indorsed
with the name ana residence of persons auiaorizel
to have .he earue published. ]
BORN.
CHRISTENSEN— In thU d»y, February 16,1897,
to the wife of C. P. Cbrlsteusen, a son.
DYER— February 3. 1897, to the wife of Ban M.
Dyer, a son.
GREENE— In this city, Fetfrnary 13, 1897, to the '
wife of Thomas F. Greene, a son.
UARTHORNE— In this city, February 9, 1897. to
the wire or Charles A. Garthorne. a daughter.
MACARTNEY— In this city.' February ■ 13, 1897,
to the wlie of John Macartney, a son.
VAN SYCKLK-In this city. January •9. 1897, to
the wire of 11. ]•:. V»i Srckle, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PEOPLES— DICKSON— In this city, February 17,
18 '7. by the Rev. J. }'. Dlckson, James W.
Peoples and Amy J. Dlckson, Doth of San Fran-
cisco. >, , ; --...
WED.
Bolts, Albert Lasfcy, Laur»
Breoner. William Lenuon, Ellen
Briimmer, Mara Lunny, Joseph
Criiley, Edmond S. McNelllle, John
Campbell, Mrs. Mary K. Maxwell. Mrs. M. C. •
. Carr Margard i G. ■ Maurer, Jean
Canavan, Kate - Miller, Andrew A.
i oiisnmn. Catherine Newton, Ar.bur L,
Do.an, Patrick O'Rell;y. Mary
Doran, George F. ■ Oglivle. Harry '
Kill >t, Rone A. ' '•' R-ddy. Am .mile
Grllßth. Flemlug M. Stanlch, Meve
Gorman. Michael • hi one, Adeline
Humke-Dieser, G. W. Stevens >n. Elizabeth .
Hall, Jennie i£. ■ Stone, Charles V.
BOLTZ-In this city, February 16, 1897. Albert,
beloved husband ot Mary Bolu, aid father of
William and Henry Eoltz and Mb. G. O'Brien,
a native of Germany, ased 61 years 5 months
and X days.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fin iy Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 O'clock *\ m.. from his late
residence. 3650 Twenty- second street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. k\ Cemetery.
BRK-\NER-In this city. February 10, 1897.
Wiliiaru. beloved husband of the late Marga-
retha Brenner, and alii roi' William Brenner,
Mrs. W. Hortck. He eno and George Brenner.
Mr*. E. Marginal and Frank Brenner, aged 51
years 9 months and 24 days.
BBUMMER— In this city. February 16, 1837.
.Maria, beloved wife of Captain K. Brummer, and
sister of Hob Dickow, a native of Goiinow, Pom-
mem, Germany, aged 39 yea» 3 months and 4
days. • •
S3"Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fn ly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lor* of H. f.Petersen & Co ,228 McAllister street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cera- tery.
CRILLEY— In Concord. Cal., February 13, 1897
Edmoni S., Infant son oi S. and M. A. Criiley.
a native of California, ae»d 2 months and 18
days. [New Orleans (La.) prmers pease Copy. J
CAMPBELL— In San Jose, February 8, 1837,
Mm. Mary K. Campbell, wife of John A. Camp-
bell, and mother of Carrie N. Campbell ana Mrs.
0. L. iiu.tte.cr of Sacramento County, and
sister of Mrs. M::rtha D. i:aiiey.
CARP.— In this cltr, February 17. 1897. Margaret
Gertrude, belovel daughter of Thomas and Mar-
garet Carr. aad sister of Mary, Willie and Anna
> air, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1
mon th and 25 day
JJEB" Friends add acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited ton-tend tho 'uuerat TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10:3.0 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence o the parents. 631 .\atomu street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CANAVAN— in this city, February 16. 1897.
Kate, beloved wife of Jamas • nti »\v.ii, mother of
John Canavan. Mr* M. Alfred, James Jr. and
Kitty Canavan. an.l sister of Martin Caulneld.
a native of County Gal way, Irelaud, aged 48
yenrv
U3~Friends and acquaintances are resnoct-
fn:iy invited to attend the fnu-ral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at- 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 3 Ub iieale streei,. between Folsom
and Harriaou. lutermen; Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
IOLEMAN-In this city, Feb-uarv 16. 1897,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Cole-
man, anl mother of John T.. Louise F., Mar-
garet. Kitty. Andrew J. aud Richard Coleman
and Mrs. J. P. Barielme, a native of Mitchells-
town. county Cork. Ireland, aged 4^ years.
[Los Ango.es and Chicago paper* piease copy. J
tSf 'Tiends and acauaiDtances are res >.'C-
full.- invited loatiem ilicfun-ni! TOMORROW
(Friday), at 9:3'J o'clock a. m., from her lata
residence, 2114 I'ine stree, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Jmsu and s:eiuer
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'ciocK a. it. liiteruica; Jluuut Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DOL \N— in this city, Febrnary 17. 1897. Patrick, -
be oved brother of Michael Doiao, a native of
the parish of c urluu^b. County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 32 years.
JWFrienda and acquaintances are r«sp'«r-
invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor &. Co., 707 Mission street,
tneuce to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
where a requiem ni-rn mast will bo celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
F. UK A.— Officers and members of Court lude-
pt d»ne» No. 104, F. of A. : You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our ate brother,
Patrick i ola.i, TO-Mui>RuW (Friday), at 9
o'clock a. m. sharp, from the parlors of J. C.
O'Connor &Co , 7d7 Mission street. Br order
EDWARD MITCHELL, Chief Rangur.
J. F. Geaby, Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF Taßa— Attention! The funeral
detail is requeue i to attend the in «rraent of
our late bro her. Patrick Liolan. TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. v.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor it Co.. 767 Mission street.
By order PRESIDENT.
ST. P. A. of A.— Mom of Unity Alliance No.
14, st Patrick* Alliance of America, are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Patrick Dolan. By order
W. MULVrs, Pres.
DORAN— In this city. February 17, 1897. George
Francis, son of Mr. an . Mrs. B. Doran, a native
of Sun Francisco, aged 1 year and 21 days.
ELLIOTT— in this ci y, February 17. 1897. Rose
A., beloved daughter of John and Kosann*
Ell ott.. a na.ive of California.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
ot her. parents, corner of Crescent avenue and
Gates street, thence to st- Alary 's College
Churcu, where a solemn requiem moss will b9
celebrated for the repose of h_t soul, commenc-
iuk at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GRIFFITH- In this city, February 16. 1897.
Fleming Manning, beloved husband of Eliza
Griffith, father of Jennie A.. Charles F. and Ed-
ward W. Grilhln, and bro. her of Sheldon Grif-
fith, a native of New tone, aged 45 yean 4
months and 20 days.
Do* Friends and acquaintance* ar« respect-
ful. y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
la c residence. 2912 Liguna street.. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
GORMAN— In tbij city. February 18. 1897,
Michael, beloved son of Mary and the late
.Mrast. Gorman, and brother or the late Martin
i-orman and the late Annie Mora a, a nativeof
San Francisco, ased I*B years 6 months and 20
days.
£9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
full*- invited to a. tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from his lato
resljen-.e, 313 Folsom street, between Fremont
and Beale, tbencd to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mas* will ba cele-
brated for the repod9 of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HtTMKE-DIESKR— In thm city, February 17.
1897, George W. Hu mite- Dieser, beloved son of
Johanna Dieser, and brother of Auguita King,
Fred Humke, Oscar Dieser. Mrs. Theodo:e
J.uetje, Mrs. George L. Simpson and Julln-*
Dl ser. a native of Massachusetts, aged 37yearj.
As~Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully nvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M. from bis late re-«-
deu<e, 133 San Carlos street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, Mission, and Valencia
interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALL— In this city, February 14, 1897, Jennie
E. Hall, a native of California, aged 21 years 4
months and 7 days.
LASKY— In this city. February 16, 1897, Laura
Lasky, a native of Poland, aged 25 years.
LENNOX— In Mission San Jose, February IS,
1897, Ellen Leuuon, a native of Ireland, ased
85 years.
LUNNY— In this city. February 16. 1897, Joseph
Lunny. a native of Canada, aged 63 years.
*y Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. k., from the par-
lors of tbe United Undertaker*. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Crou Cemetery,
McNEILLIE— In the City and County Hospital,
February 17, 1897, John McNelllle, aged 63
year*.
MAXWELL— In this city, February 17, 1897,
MM. Margaret Compton Maxwell, beloved aunt
Of Mrs. .T. F. Creignton. aged 73 years.
Friends are respectfully invited to atten 1
the funeral TO-MORROW (Friday), at 6:80
o'clock a. m.. from h?r late residence, 813 Capp
street, thence to st. i'fter's^jjhurch, Twenty-
third and Alabama streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated (or the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. k. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAUK.ER— In Makaweli. 11. 1., Jean, daughter of
J- red and Abbie L. Maurer. a native of Alameda,
Cal., aged 5 years and 3 months.
MILLER— this city. February 15, 1897, An-
dr. A. Miller, brother of Mrs. F- W. Gartner,
Mrs. J. K. Smith and William B. Miller, anaiive
of California, aged 39 years 4 months and 17
days.
NEWTON— In Oakland. February 16, 1897,
Arthur L. .\> wton, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year 4 months and 6 dars.
O'REILLY— this city, February 17, 1897.
Mary, beloved daughter of the late David and
Katherlne O'Reilly, and sister of Patrick, Fra .-
cis. Kate, Ccliii, Lizzie and the late William
O'Reilly, a na.ive of County Clare, Ireland, aged
28 years.
OGILVIE-In this city. February 17, 1837, Harry,
eldest son of J. R. and the la:o Alary. Ogilvie,
a native of Dundee, Scotland.
JtSrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted •£ Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
REDDY— In south San FrancMco, February 17,
1*97. Amanda Keddy (nee Pederson), beloved
mother of Charles, Frank and Alice Reddy. a
native of San FruncUco, aged 23 years 10
months and 3 days.
t£g- Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at the resi-
dence of the mother, N street and Eleventh
avenue saoth. Interment private at Cypress
Lawn ».'emetery.
STAN'ICH— In this cltv. Febrnary 17, 1897,
Steve, beloved son of Jacob and i Mary stamch,
a native or San Francisco, a<ed 1 year 1 month
and 21 days.
SLONE— In this city. February 17, 1897, Adeline
"-I-, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months
and 15 days.
STEVENSON— Fntered into rest in this city,
February 1 7, 1897. Elizabeth M., wife of the late
Colonel J. D. Stevenson, a native of New York,
a;ed 71 years 11 mouths and 23 days.
Friends are resDectfuilr invited to <*tt"»al
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Friday), at
11 o'clock a. m., at at. Lake s Church, corner of
Van Ness avenue and Clay street. Interment
private at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STOVE— In Aiameda, February 17, 1897, Charles
Vivian, be ovei eon of William I. and Johanna
stone of 1531 Chestnut street, a native of Ala-
n:ed , aged 4 years, 3 months and 5 days.
tfS" interment Tu-M <RR><W* (Friday) at
Cypress Lawn < emetery, via Third and Town-
Bend streets (broad gauge) train at 11:30 a. m.
] McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
to Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
TAsTMrMK^fOMIYr^^^^^JnAsTMcSIKNOMK?
JAMKS JIcMESOMKI & SON.
(TKUJUKXAKKKS AND EMBALMERS,
. 1O5; .Mission Street, Near s^vcatu. -
j_~ Telephone south 354.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
CAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKMI>
C tery to the city; uon-sectorian ; in no sense ex>~
elusive; location unexcelled. Odtce m m m
[ tueot, aouiavMi cwaw »< au.m, •
1314
BUTLER'S
DEFENSE
OUTLINED
It Is Understood That He
Told It to an Old
Friend.
WHY HE TOOK WELLER'S
NAME.
Found the Dead Body and
Feared He Would Be
Held Guilty.
THE PRISONER WAS ONCE A
MARINE.
Former Shipmates From H. M- S.
Triumph Have lientifi d
Him
Butler has been a marine in her Ma
jesty's service, in addition to his other
occupations. He was identified the other
MURDERER BUTLER in the Costume of a British Marine.
r.F:om. a photograph tajem on bomd 11. M. >'. Triumph while she was at Honolulu
J^+7. He was known on the vessel as "Darlic" Ashc]
day by two of his former shipmates, by
one personally, by the otlier through his
photographs.
John Conway. now in the employ of
Goodall. Perkins <fc Co., and Thomas Col
lmb, in the office of the Superintendent
of Streets, were at one time sailors on
board H. M. S. Triumph. There was a
marine on board by tne name of Ashe.
When the two old sailors saw t c pic
ture of Butler they recognized the face.
Collins wes positive the man was th ci
old shipmate Ashe, and to make sure Con
way went to see him a few days ago. The
man Ashe was rvitli Conway aud Collins
in 1886, when the Triumph, while on her
way out here from England, put into
Chile. While there a detachment of men
were put on board from the ship Liffey,
which was then doint duty as a prison
ship for the confinement of minor offend
ers. Ashe was amon» these. Jie had
KEW TO-DAY.
SCALES LIKE A FISH
Terrible Condition of a Baby from
a Scaly Skin Humor.
Our baby boy was born July 1,1894. In the
fall his legs became rougb, from some skin
trouble, from his knees down to his toes, also
his arms, breast, and abdomen. We tried a
great many different kinds of remedies, but
without success. In the summer of 1890 it be-
came a little better, but in the fall, and all win-
ter, it was a sight to behold. lie had scales
on his body and arms like a fish, and almost
■ black. In "fact we were ashamed with it, but
could not help it. We were almost in despair
until we had used Cuticuka Remedies for
about four days, when we noticed an im-
provement. Every time my wife washed him,
ncr apron became covered with a scale-like
skin. To-day it is gone, his skin is as smooth
as any child, and we owe it. with the blessings
of God, to Outicura Remedies. If you can
use this testimony, we give our full consent.
GEO. mfVSKEN & WIFE,
375 Maple Street, Detroit, Mich.
In all the world there is no other treatment to pure, so
sweet, so speedily effective as Ccticcka, greatest of
ckin cures, blood purifiers, and humor remedies. Cirri-
ccra Kemedies daily perform more great cures of tor-
turing, disSsaring, humiliating skin, scalp, and blood
ditesres than nil other blood and bkin remedies combined.
A warm bath with Cuticbba Soap, gentle applications
of Ct-Tici'itA (ointment), and mild dotes of Cuticoba
Risoi.tekt, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures,
constitute the only unfailing external and internal treat*
ment for all forms of skin^tcalp, and blood humor known.
Bold throughout the world. Poms D. ft C. Co«r.. Sole
Props., Bottos. " How to Cure Every Baby Humor," fires.
DIMDIV CfIPCQ PuriflM and Beautified by
rlmrLT tALto ciracua*. soap.
been confined on board the Liffey for steal
ing a ring. At Victoria Conway and Col
lins, whose terms had expired, left the
ship, and lost sight of Ashe.
At the City Prison Conway and Butler
recogn:zed each other immediately, and
they talked for some time. To Conway
it is understood Butler outlined his pro
posed defense when lie is tried in Aus
tralia, and also his reasons for now being
known as Weller.
Con way has toll his friends that Ashe
made tins statement. He liad a mining
claim in the Blue Mountains, but had no
capital to work it, consequently he adver
tised in the Sydney papers for a com
panion with some means. Captain Lee
Weller responded, he said, and agreed to
join him.
On the day of teller's death Butler
said he had left the place where the mine
was located, and on his return he
found toe di>:ui body of Weller in the hole
which he had been dis^ins?.
He said he was "thunderstruck" at this
discovery and for a time did r.ot know
what to do. To return to Svdiiey and re
port the death of his late companion
would create suspicion of iiis being the
murderer, and as lie Dad no way of dis
proving this he decided to cover the body
up and >;et out of the country the
best and quickest way lie could. Conse
quently lie «-a:d he maae his way to New
castle and shipped on the Swanhilda un
der the name Lee Weller, thinking that
should any inquiry be made for Weller
the conclusion would be arrived at that be
had shipped and left the .colonies, thus
averting any investigation as to what had
become of him. The carrying away of
tlie effects of Weller, he continued, was a
part of the plan, so nothing could be
found belonging to the victim that rnigtu
in any way lead to an inquiry as to his
whereabouts.
This, it is understood, will be Butler's
defense when plaied on trial in Sydney.
>1 infiii t unes of a Veteran.
Lois A. Warwick has petitioned the Su
! perior Court to be appointed^ guardian of
■ Charles Wesley Warwick, a veteran of the line
I Civil War, who, on account 01 age and in.
juries, has become incompetent to manage his
i'Vi - ;i affairs. Warwick has v claim against the
United States Government for a pension oil
account of Kmen In the army.
LOUIS SLOSS SIGNED IT.
A Check That Paid for Rich
Jewish Lore for Berke
ley.
The Semitic library of the State Univer
sity received a valuable addition yester
! day in the form of a collection of Hebrew
works, which will be known es the Sloss
! collection, from the fact that the donor
; was Louis Sloss.
Ttie library mentioned was started some
time ago when Alfred GreenDaum pre
sented the university with 10C0 valuable
works of Semitic literature which he had
collected at great expense.
A few weeks ago Rabbi Voorsanger, who
is tne professor of Semitic languages at
the State institution of learning, was
calleo. upon by a collector of Hebrew
works who offered hi-t library for sale.
The rabbi, whose ambition Is to see a com
-s>lete reference library of the Sgmitic lan
guages in ttie possession of the university,
selected 1000 volumes which he said would
be of great value to ihe students under his
rharue, and Mr. Sloss, who is al«o much
: interested in the future of t he university,
■applied the check that paid lor them.
llii! purchase price is, in deference to
'.he wishes oi Mr. Sioss, kept secret for the
; present, but it is said to be very large,
i thouch far less than ihe actual value of
the works.
The 2'KX) volumes that have thus been
j obtained are but the nucleus oi a full
i reference library which Rabbi Voorsanuer
i bopei to place within the walls of the
i university.
A collector of Semitic literature who re
j cently visited this City sold him ll>oo rare
i volumes, which will be added to the
I present library, making: about a third of
what will constitute the full collection.
I The books that will arrive from the
Eftst in :i few days contain many valuable
i manuscripts In bynae, Arublcand Hebrew.
I One of the most interesting is a copy of
| the first edition of the Talmu.i that was
I ever turned out of a printing press.
Rabbi Voorsanjjer is on the lookout for
loiher works that will be useful at the
! university, and will add them to the col
lect m,h as fast as they can be obtained.
When ths rabbi took hold of ttie depart
j ment of which he is the head ho had but
five pupils, but since then his class has
increased to twelve, and interest in the
languages of the Semitic races is con
stantly advancing. Those who attend his
classes are not theological students, but
are members of the various departments
I of the university.
Sucialiftta Wili Kntertaln.
The Frencb branch of the Socialist Labor
jjtmy, section of San Francisco, will give a
ball at the Temple, 115 Turk street, on next
Sunday evening for the benefit of the cause of
socialism. The lust reports Are that the work
is progre«.>ing lavorably »nd the branch grow
ing constantly in membership. A pleasant
time is anticipated.
Not how cheap, but how good lor the money ;
printing and binding. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1897.
WEEP, ALL YE
SPORTSMEN
Barney Farley's Historic
Training Quarters
Are Sold.
THEIR FAME SUNG FOR
MANY A DECADE.
Record of the Life of a Man
Well Known All Over
the Country.
DEMP3EY'3 BLACKTHORN AND
M'AULIFFL'3 PARROT.
Farley's Renowned R zor F at— No
Man Ever Turned Away Frcm
His Door.
Barney Farley's will soon be no more.
That historic roadside resort and train
ing place where for many a long year
sporting men have been wont to gather
and discuss, the great events of the pugil
istic isrena, both past ami future, this
week will pass into other hands.
From tbe walls look down the portraits
of many champions of the roped arena,
their eyes seemingly tilled with a dumb,
hopeless protest at the departure of the
famous old man who has so tenderly
watched over them for so long. Even the
inscriptions of great events with which
the corners of the great rooms are rilled
already grow almost indistinct under the
spiders' webs, foi in the hurry of prepara
tion for his departure Barney has neglect
ed such things as applying the broom and
duster to the walls formerly so clean.
The old fellow ptoud in the group yes
terday and in subdued tones talked of his
life at "Fariey's resort." His eyes were
set on the western heavens, where the
sun was just sinking in a glow of red
light, and if Dempsey or McAuliffe, men
to whom his name is almust a synonym
for lather, could have seen him then,
their hearts would hurdly have been as
light as when they emerged from the
ring after a gladiatorial triumph.
"Yes, boys," tald Barney, "'I have Deen
here now since ISW. In thai time my
house has sheltered many a man whose
name has been on the National tongue.
"Now, there's Jack Dempsey, as game a
man as ever stepped into the ring. See
that cane over there in the corner? Well,
that piece of blackthorn was the last gift
the good-hearted fellow ever made to a
man in San Francisco. But now he's no
more.
"Then there's Jack McAuliffe, and Jack
is one of the famous trio of Sullivan,
Dernpsey and McAuliffe, who held the
championship in their cla-scs lor so Jon?.
Look at that bird there," and Barney
turned to point toward a parrot indus
triously screeching, 'Any old thing goes
with me. 1 That is McAoliffc'a parrot.
He left it here l i • 1 he sent for it."
Yes, there's many a man w<U read the
news of Barney's g- ing out of business at
the old stand with feelings akin to sadness.
Choynski and i'itzsimmons, "Brooklyn"
Jimmy Carroll aiid Joe Goddard. "Austral
inn" Billy Smith and Patsy Kerriean,
Johnny Murphy and B.lly Savage, Solly
"Yes," said Barney Farley, "this place is filled with historic
associations. That blackthorn is Jack Dempsey's gift; that parrot
belongs to Jack McAuliffe."
Smith and "Sailor" Brown— to them the
name of Farley is a watchword and the
sight of bis roadside mort as the glimpse
ot home.
It is not financial troubles tbatembarrass
the veteran trainer. Not at all. Bat his fam-
D]T is well depleted by death and marriage
and the old scenes are to him a constant
reminder of the days gone by. 80 he in
tends to move to "scenes and pastures
new," where he may partially forget the
inroads upon his domestic happiness.
Already the Kale has been completed
and later in the week Barney will move to
new quarters on Market street, where he
expects to have a lucrative income by the
sale of his tonic and his exercising ma
cliine, both of wnich are well known in
the sporting world.
Barney Farley himself is a character o{
renown. Born in Tallystown, County
Westmeath, Ireland, in 1840. he early de
veloped a thirst for adventure and at the
age of 10 years came to Boston. From
there he went to "Woonsocket, R. 1., where
he entered a wholesale liquor-store. In a
short time he became the owner of a race
track and many celebrated pitcesof horse
flesh. Deerfoot, the celebrated Penobscot
Indian runner, first gained renown upon
Farley's track.
It was at Woonsocket also that Farley
first gained fame as an athlete. Deerfoot
used to run ten miles in an hour on his
trial spins, and Barney came into promi
nence as the only man around who could
keep up with him for a couple of miles.
As a handball player he also grew to be
an expert.
In Wisconsin in 1863, Farley himself did
ten miles in an hour and one minute.
Prior to ao doing, he had not run any race
for nearly a year.
In 18G4 Barney came to California. His
fame was by this time widely heralded by
his battle with Tommy Chandler, with
whom he fouuht nineteen rounds, scoring
lirst biood. He was finally knocked out,
owing to his weakness from heavy train
ing shortly preceding the mill.
On coming here he went into business
with Joe Windrow, a famous trainer of
lignters In early days and also for some
time an Olympic Club processor of boxing.
When he located in his present historic
quarters the hr*t man of prowess to use
his place as a training-station was "Val
paraiso" Keilly.
Though nearly 57 years of age Barney ia
still hale and hearty and can penorin
feats of strength and skill that would non
plus many a man far younger. Some of
his thrilling feats, including the widely
I talked of razor jump, were recorded in a
! former issue of The Call some months
ago.
In fact, the veteran's activity and good
health are ample testimonial" to his state
ment that he never took five drinks of
whisky or beer in his life. His only bev
j erage is novv and then a glass of sherry
wine. In a man of his environment and
association this ij wonderful. Until a
year and a half ago he used to average
, thirty cigars a day, but at that time he
I became convinced that their use was
detrimental to his health and ceased
smoking entirely.
It is said of old Barney that a more
honorable and truf-hearted sporting man
never lived. He was often imposed upon
simply because he iound it so hard to be
lieve evil of others.
No man, it is stated on good authority,
was ever refused succor at his hands, and
no man was ever sent from his door in a
besotted condition. He knew when a mail
had imbibed enougn and would sell him
no more.
A TOURIST ROBBED.
He Wa» ltelieved of Hi* Diamond Pin
by a Young AVoiuhii.
A wealthy tourist from St. Louis, who is
a guest at the Palace Hotel, is mourning
the loss of a valuable diamond pin and
several detectives are trying to nnd it for
him.
Early last Sunday morning he was walk
ing along Market street when be met a
young woman. SSiie accosted him, aid
after talking for a few minutes she left
him and he went to In? room in the Pal
ace, when he missed his diamond pin and
concluded at once tnat the young woman
had stolen it.
The police were notified and last night
Lizzie Murphy, a consort ot Mike Nolan,
who was arrested recently for shooting at v
saloon-keeper on Grant avenue and at Po
liceman Owens, was arrested last night on
suspicion of stealing the pin. The tourist,
whose name the police refuse to divulpe,
will have an opportunity of identifying
her to-day.
WILL WORK FOE ANNEXATION.
Attorney-General Smith Here En Koutr
to Washington.
Attorney-General W. 0. Smith of Ha-
waii 11 nd Mrs. Smith arrived here on the
Australia yesterday and went to Oakland
to make a brief visit with friend?. Gen
eral Smith is on his way to Washington
to work for annexation. He bas been spe
cially commissioned by the Hawaiian
Cabinet, called together l>v President Dole,
on receiving word from Minister Hatch at
Washington that a representative witti
power to act was necessary. It is stated
General A. S. Hartwell and ex-Minister
Thurston, who lately arrived here, will
also go to Washington to work for annexa
tion.
Jkwklry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 livutay iirtet.
ASSAILED A GIRL
IN THE MISSION
Louise Greninger Attacked
at Night by a
Ruffian.
She Was on Her Way to Her
Home on Kansas Street,
Near £even:eenth.
He Attempted to D) Serious Harm,
bat Her Screams Brought People
to Her Assistance.
A gross assault was attempted upon a
young »;irl Tuesday evening^by a ruffian
who nas not yet been captured by the po
lice although evtry effort is being made in
that direction.
Theodore Greninger, who Hves at 524
Kansas street, near Seventeenth, and his
daughter Louise. 17 years of age, left home
about hulf-nast 7 o'clock Tuesday night to
do some shopping.
They went to a shoeslore on Sixteenth
street, between Howard ana Mission, and
purchased a pair of shoes. Tne lather
went to the grocery on the corner of Six
teenth and Mission streets and the girl
said she would walk home alone.
She walked along Howard street to
Seventeenth, and south oa Seventeenth
on her way home. It was dark, ihe moon
not yet havin* shown her face; but the girl
had often walked home alone, and was
not in ttie least afraid.
As >--he readied a point between Potrero
avenue an:l Florida street, which is a lone
some place, few houses being in the lo
cality, a man grabbed her unexpectedly
from uenind and threw her to the side
walk. He fold her not to make a naise or
he would choke her. Then he attempted
other violence, and, notwithstanding his
threats, the girl screamed loudly for
help and struggled fiercely to get out of
trie gra>p of the ruth'un.
After the girl was almost exhausted
from her struggle* her screams were
fortunately heard by some people in the
neighborhood, and when the rurlian heard
them coming he released his hold ot the
g:rl and disappeared in the darkness.
Sh? was escorted I orne and her nerves
were so severely shaken with the encoun
ter that stie was forced to retire-to bed.
Wnen her father reached home and heard
of the gross outrage upon his daughter he
was furious and hurried to the Seven
teenth-street station.
Lieutenant Burke heard his story and
sent Policemen Aniier>on and Rearuon to
get a description of the man irom Miss
Greuinger, but she was too ill to talk to
them.
They saw her again yesterday, but she
could only describe him as a short stout
man about 30 years of age and roughly
dressed. The officers learned from people
in the neighborhood that a man about 30
years of age, smootn face, about 5 feet 4
inches tail, big black eyes, and wearing a
fiat biack hat and yf-liowish brown sack
coat was seen hovering around shortly
before the girl was assailed, and the police
expect to be able to identify him as they
believe he is not a stranjrer to the locality.
CLEARING BENSON.
Twelve Case* Dismissed in the I'nited
State* District Court Yesterday.
Several of the cases, civil and criminal,
again«t John A. Benson, who was indicted
by the United States Grand Jury for fraud
ulent surveys while under contract with
the United £iate9 to do Government work
in California and Nevada, were dismissed
in the United States District Court yester
day.
This action was taken on orders from
the Attorney-General, many of the mat
ters at issue having been satisfactorily ad
justed.
Assistant United States Attorney
Knight, who appeared for the Government,
objected to the dismissal of some of the
eas^s claimed by Benson's attorneys to
have been settled on the ground that the
orders from Washington made no refer
ence to them. These will be settled at a
future date if the necessary proofs of com
pletion are produced.
In nil six civil and six criminal cases
were dismissed.
For Ii ili.V-; Starving Teople.
The India famine relief fund soliciting com
mittee of the San Francisco Chamber ol Com
merce, n«w assured by Congress of a 3500
--ton steamship In which to transport grain to
Calcutta free of charge, will apply Immediately
to the British Government. throu?h;the Consul
la this City, asking that the careo be admitted
to India irec of all duty, and that the British
Government mtike provisions for the free
transportation of the grain from Calcutta to
interior points where the starving n« lives are
to be found. This request will doubtless be
granted at once, as England is particularly
eager to nee the suffering alleviated In
London alone about $1,500,000 has already
beeti subscribed to the India relief fund, and
Will have been expended before the shipload
of corn now being bought up and contributed
in Nebraska shall have been carried from Port
Co«ta to Calcutta. Already 500 tons of corn
have been promised in Nebraska alone, and
free transportation is assured from the rail
roads.
Teachers Will Get Their Money.
Auditor Broderick has concluded that the
half-month's salary held out from the school
teachers can be paid upon the showing; by the
Board of Education that the teitchers could
not possibly huve presented the demands for
the money within thirty days after It became
due.
J.EW TO-DAY.
High price does
not always mean
c J
high quality.
There are baking
■
powders that cost
■
as much as
Trophy
— even more ; but
the quality is made
slim to fatten the
profits of the
makers.
fi . Tillmann & Bendel. Mfr».
NEW TO-PAT— DRY GOODS.
g® («x^®®®csxa)®®®®®®®® "^^i;^ 35 " ® ®®@®®®®® ®S®9 a 4^l $ 3
1 frisco's
II COS?SFT ' & ISlk W
If SPECIAL CORSET SALE &|1 T&7 8
15J5> (A FRESH, NEW STOCK.) ifP\ * II
®® A corset here for every form and \v v '\ «*v w[^'
£^ every whit and whim and weak- . . -. \*"/\ »®
g'S ness 'womankind possesses. Fit- V * s ** i 3-\ /^- \ ; ? *'
w® ted, . altered and guaranteed — 4?Ci
§'| every size and shape obtainable— *'f
I NEW SPECIALS TO-DAyT" I
(S® -XT ■' ' '■ - 1 X^V
S;w None sold at these prices after 6 o'clock to-night. ®$
(•<!) BLE . ACH ,£ D TURKISH TOW- . COMPOSITION BOOKS. 7x9 mr ' *
(•'•) f* i^i^/, x i H ci i , 3 We have QC inches, good paper for Ink. Our Jo ®®
i-J oail.i.,r. Our well- V 4c special. To-day only at... E a~ch ••
a Y- 1 known leader. To-day only at Kach ». •_ \_ -"-a - j
oio ,--  i"-u»yuiiiy a '" Jiacn (Not more than 4to each customer.) 3°
(Not more than 12 to each customer.) . T c<o
3C • LADIES' FINE MUSLIN GOWNS, o<o
®v~ superior muslin, V-shaped neck, 000
Cv 0 SUPERIOR TORCHON LACE, S y<C lucked and embroidery trimmed CQC 000
I and i. inches wide, worth Sc and 4 yoke and cult's. The 85c line Ou .
j 10c. To-day only at Yard to-day at Eaca J
I (Not more than 3 to each customer.) I
m ' H
M FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, r e ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, 46-Inch, mC /ft
/M just two dozen left, all small OO heavy, soft, stylish. The pop O»? /1\
l\\ sizes. The lot today at Each lar 75c line to-day only at. Yard /|\
\\J (Only one to each customer.) (Not over 10 yards to each customer.) {,\
I A GREAT CORSET SALE I
J A comfortable Corset is a friend indeed. Rale's Corsets I )
gjv, are comfortable. Fitted by exoerts. JL J
000 SPECIAL PURCHASE— Long- waisted. HALE' SPECIAL CORSET— Horn oKa
oXo well boned, nil k-stt' chert, siz's 19, 20, boned, short, lone and extra 3C
(JU 21, 22, 28, *-'4, '25, 26, 547, 2S and 30. lone waist, fit and satisfaction © t .50 3u
3C positively guaranteed. Male's J 2
3C price Pair n* 3
°fl? OUR LEADER— BIaik figured CAC r c^o
®® sateen, well boned, two side O\J (?;j)
®s steels, aii sizes, Male's pnce.. Pair Ask for the Little French f $
II hale's pride-ou7 celebrated Corset we imported for little i|
w long-waisted, kid- fitting, closely '7FCC neonle The nrict* i« e:ft »-$
@® bond. sIU-stltcbed. all sires. id people, me price IS 3>1.5U. &£
pQ Hale's price Pair . <• .
* *! HALES TWO-DOLLAR CORSET ' "£s?
*irt HALES DOLLAK CORSET— AII —The longest watst-od corset £'$
«,2C sizes. lons and extra lon* made. 6 hooks, finest black m>o.oo £,£>
XX walsted. kid fitting, very com-<2»"l.OO sateen, horn boned, all sizes, a CD — **
SJ.S • fortable for '-around the house." «H>JL Javonte. ale's price Pair Js;®.
wSJ ' Hale's price ... Pair ft®
®J? ' -,/.;.- — HALES FAVORITE— AII sizes, ®®
(<»)* We carry a complete line of "Thomp- an easy corset for stou: folks ©0.50 ®®
w® son's" and "R and 0" Corsets. Any lorm extra heavy, very long waists, tlbZ—— (•)(•)
<!•)•) fitted comfortably. 5 hooks. Male's price Pair ®®
II CORSET WAISTS, 11
S§ A complete assortment of Jackson's Kid-fitting and Ferris Waists— JS&
|| Prices irom $1 up to $1.75. SS
®S ?+rsKM€ « i>J>
II / (INCORPORATED) ||
%sk 937-945 Market Street, $1
«;.« SAN FUA.NCMO. ' (g|)
II . FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. II
«®®®®®(axs)®S'®®®®<?®®® -— ■ — ®®®®®®®®®®®®®«®®®®®
3 DAY
PRICE
PRIZES
'. Every week you'll find some-
thing; new offered here. Don't
fail to keep track of us.
TABLE FRUIT- Lar;e tins, very
choice! put up In heavy syrup— Peaches,
I'etirs. Apr!- ots. Plums. Regular price
20c. 3 DAY PKiCK 15c.
'"' PRKSKKVKI) GINCKK-A supe-
t rior article. Regular price 50c per bot,
3 1> iV FKICK 350.
MEDICINAL PORT— AII of 10
years old; very rare. Keeuiar price 75c
■■i. .1. per bot. 3 DAY PRICK 5Uc.
c KONA COKFKK— That popular Ha-
waiian product. Regular price 35c lb.
3 DAY FKICE 3OC.
£*G|g!aS} You should see
VS. Ie Ideal Coffee
vi ij| ■^ >o *' "^ great
gLjßjjßr* economizer.
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fillraore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. I Telephone West 152.
Send for Catalogue. Mail orders receive '
special attention.
THBEETHIIGS
' YOU m REMEMBER—
3 Largest Stock,
Largest Store,
Lowest Prices,
AXD WE SELL FOR CASH OR OX THE
EASIEST TISIE^PAYMEi\Ti
FURNITURE for Four Rooms $75 00
OAK BED EVI B, eleven pieces ...". 2450
,\>H BED SETS, eleven pieces .... "150
TAPESTRY CARPBTS, per yard. ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'. " 55
i'JNOLKUMS,' per yard 45
MATTINGS, per yard .!...' 0
No. 7 btoves and Ranges...'"* 7 50
BLANKETS, per pair • """" iso
COMFORTERS " . j 00
SIX-FOOT EXTEXSIOX TABLES ' 400
KITCHEN CHAIRS "*.*.*".*. 50
WE HAVE 2 ACRES IOF FLOOR SPACE.
J. nsrooiq-jLisr.
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street. '
516-518-520-522 Minna Stree:.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evenings.
O-000-000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tl TrC 1 A T ; Properly prepared and
IVIIL/A I . promptly served, can
i a-w '*" t - ■■* *■■*— ' always bs obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TS AT A /1|
ssVssE PALACE
niont in town. ncnKßaaaKßHmaEHn
0000000000000
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PHILLII's. ATTOKNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo- .
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltiiJJ
fell street. Telephone " Pine ■ 2591.
G BAZAAir
Four
Important
Sales
This Week.
We will offer our entire line
of PERSIAN GLASSWARE.
Consisting of - M
TUMBLERS. GOBLETS, If
POONERS, CREAMERS, I
BUTTER DISHES, —^
SUGAR BOWLS,
COMPORTS, NAPPYS, *£ p n inn
- BERRY DISHES, Etc., at ■■ ""•«»
NO PREACHING NEEDED ~^
To convince you that we will sell our
COMBINATION PA A
POCKET BOOKS fkiJG "
Assorted Leathers, Hi
Regular Price- Uif  i
85c, $1 and $1.25, for W ttltll
ECONOMY £, k the ke y note of °««-
"HURD'S" " 4|"n
IRISH LINEN. I Kb
24 Sheets Paper, 111 '
24 Envelopes for I \m
400 FORTUNATE WOMEN '%.§
That come promptly this week will get our
FOUR-BUTTON f% f*
Kid Gloves, IJ |G
In Black, Tan, 1111
Mode and Slate, for%# %^ Pair
718 'M.A.'&lZ.'El'r STREET.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURB.
I'i.AiNHBrRo, Cal.. Nov. 5, 1896.
Dr. .fierce & Son, San Francisco.
tii ntlkmkx— The flfteea-dollar Belt has been
received ana delivered, but bava not beard from
- , .... the erson yet about the
.•All 1 , '- ■ -' ■••'>. !4, r»-»,u!t, but lam not afraid
s«vSßv?l7sv?!BP^vb *>t him lomlni back on
<K^WjQO^^^\Ci^si me. as 1 use.l one 01 your
tt&'v'^- ■ ' - v "r*s^>«9 Bella nine (9) ve^rs ago
B*sjSr>-»j&3w>i— — *«!l and have never been
WvTSTfir'SyT^Tv/r' troubled with i>:iins in
"S^d^tiJ^f^^Sy^y^' mv back or hips since.
tW'I ■/Y^L^/. ',^1 So you see why lam no:
" • •V •svsjf» . '• afraid to recommend y>ur
\?rs Belt to anyone suffering
•• - l ~ with a weak back, i.airu
In the hips and side, as I was, becaus- it will cure
them— never 10 be doubted. I remain yours to
help the sufferer, Oku. A. KAUU
; t(g~ There are no "quack" doctors connect" 1
with our establishment. Our electric belts- cur*
without drugs l'rlc s reasonable! No robbery! -
Kstablished 1875. --"end lor free "Pamphlet No. (
'£." Magnetic Klastic Trass Co.- (Dr. Pierce &li
Son). 704 Sacramento St.. cor. of -Rearm", seconi 1
third, and fourth floors- Branch office, b-10 Jklaritet "'
St., below Kearny. & K. c ' el i
AtiKNCIKS-K, i. Gogings, 904 J St.. Sacra-
mento: ilie Ho:<lei: Lrug Co.. cor. Main and VI
Dorado sis., Mock ton; Ueo. Q. Mor-hous« cor
Second and San I'ernanao sts., San Jose. '
/R> pEwEYtc i^r
X /-PATENTS^