VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. S3.
MOSLEMS
ASSAIL THE
INSURGENTS
"With a Spirit of Revenge
They Battle With the
Christians.
POWERS CANNOT CHECK
THE FIGHTING.
Greeks Are Master of the Island
, of Crete Except the Coast
Towns.
KING GEORGE YET BENT UPON
ANNEXATION.
Germany Determined That Warlike
Operations C?asj Before Nego
tiations Are Continued.
CANEA, Crete. Feb. 20.— The Mussul
mans at Retlmo became greatly excited
when they learned of the massacre of their
co-religionists at Sitia, and to-day, fully
.-. armed, they made a sortie from the town
and attacked the insurgents who were
gathered in force in the vicinity.
The fighting was stiil proceeding this
evening without apparent advantage to
either side. The Mussulmans, actuated
by the spirit of revenge, are reported to
be making a most determined effort to se
verely chastise the Christians, but the
latter, by their superior knowledge of
• guerrilla warfare, are easily able to hold
their own against the attacking forces. '
It is well established now that the
Greeks are masters of the island, except
of the towns.
The insurgents who are occupying the
hills back of Canea sent a warning yester-
day of their intention to attack the town
of Akrotiri. To this notice Admiral Cano
varo, commanding the combined fleets,
sent a reply giving tbe insurgent leaders
to understand that the foreign warships
would intervene at the first sign of an
attack on the part of the insurgents.
All the provinces of Crete have voted in
favor of the union with the Greeks. This
fact has been communicated to the various
Consuls by the Greek representative.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 20.— The Asthy
says that King George, in an interview
with a diplomat to-day, explained the atti
tude of himself and the Government on
the Cretan question. His Majesty de
clared be bad decided to annex Crete to
the Greek dominions, and had ordered the
army of occupation not to abandon the
island. The King requested the diplomat
to communicate this decision to his col
leagues in Athens.
The Greek ironclad warship Spezia, ac
companied by a torpedo flotilla, is about
to start for Turkish waters. The Spezia
has been waitieg orders for several days.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 20. — Baron
Marschall yon Bieberstein, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, received the Greek Min
ister to Germany, and held a long conver
sation with him regarding the attitude of
Greece toward Crete and the powers. It
is expected that the Greek Minister gave
satisfactory assurance that there would be
a cessation of the war movements on the
part of Greece to Crete and on the Turkish
Iron tier.
The semi-official North German Gazette
publishes what is believed to be an in
spired article on the Cretan question. It
says that Germany is willing to negotiate
with the other great powers concerning
the future of Crete, but only on two con
ditions, the first of which is that the
island must not he annexed to Greece, and
the second that Greece's action must be
stopped before the negotiations begin.
. The National Zeitung, referring to the
. circular note sent to the powers by Lord
• Salisbury favoring granting autonomy to
. jCrete under admission of the Prince of
i Greece, asserts that Great Britain stands
; & one in the matter. Italy adheres to the
. other powers and will act in accord with
them.
VI ENNA, Austria, Feb. 20.— Neus
"Wienessays: ll the powers do not speed
• ily agree upon some effective plan of re
■ storing order in Crete, it will be impossi
" ble to prevent the Porte from asserting
the right of Turkey to deal with Greece
with an iron hand.
PARIS, France, Feb. 20.— The Latin
says it ha*} good authority for asserting
that the powers will accept Lord Salis
bury's propositions granting autonomy to
, Crete, though Germany alone may oppose
such a course.
t.MPLHOH 1 1.1.l AM STAMK
trilling to Join in the Blockade of the
Pirtuus.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 20. —The pro
posals of the Emperor to blockade the
Piraeus, the port of Athens, which various
papers, especially tbe English journals
yesterday characterized as having failed
completely, are on the verge of provisional
acceptance by England, Italy and France.
J rior to the Kaiser's starting on a shoot
ing trip to Hubertusstock last evening his
Majesty received dispatches from London
and Rome conveying the information that
the British and Italian Governments had
assented to the proposal to blockade the
hor ts of Greece, in the event of the per
-4 tence of the King of the Hellenes in
ing to war with Turkey unless Crete
7_nouid be ceded to Greece.
The request made by Lord Salisbury
that Greece be allowed time to pause and
consider the effect of her headstrong ac
tin ; as been virtually conceded by th*
powers, and if King George decides npon
a cessation of warlike operations the end
ing of hostilities and the union of Crete
with Greece will be made coincident.
The San Francisco Call
Should the King decide otherwise, Ger
many, Russia and Austria will ask the co
operation of the ot er powers and will
undertake to force Greece into submission
to the wishes of the European Govern
ments. It is understood in official circles
here that negotiations with the Govern
ment at Athens will be conclude i and a
decision reached one way or the other by
Tuesday, and it is also believed here that
England and Italy will join the other !
powers in a blockade of the Pirieuvif such
action is dcci ed upon.
The Emperor has' been much blamed j
for taking precipitate action against
Greece, but there is good reason for stat
ing that his Majesty's sudden invitation
was largely due to the receipt of concur
rent dispatches from Constantinople and !
Athens representing the imminence of the i
danger of a Turkish invasion of Grece, \
which the Greek forces are utterly unpre
pared to resist. King George has practi- j
cally a- ked lius -ia and Germany to pre- ,
vent the Porte from making war upon the i
Greek frontier while Greece used her land ;
and sea forces to acquire % possession of '
Crete, but this extremely cold request wa^ i
not complied with. The Emperor's policy I
is not by any means guided by public J
opinion, but the weight of public opinion j
in this case is certainly on the -lie of !
approval ot the Emperor's policy of inter
vention to restrain Greece from plunging
into war.
Only a few Liberal newspapers which j
are biased by sentiment favorable to !
Greece speak again«t the blockading of ,
the Pirieus. Nevertheless German popu- I
far feeling is nowise in sympathy with the \
Turk. This policy of the Emperor is re- |
ceiving popular support because it is gen- !
erally recognized as being most opportune j
and prudent.
The Cologne Gazette expresses the
drift of the best current feelins* by saying j
that the powers must counterbalance the
pressure of TurKey by checking with se- '
verity the schemes of Greece. The same ,
Ln imposing array of ship, ol war has gathered to participate in the demonstration in honor of Admiral Beardslae. The leading promoter, of th. fete, whose portraits are
■..--. here shown, have every assurance ol its success.. * '
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 21, 1897-THIRTY PAGES.
piper also asserts that Germany will insist
that Gr. ccc must evacuate Crete before
the powers consider the matter of the ad
mission of the island.
The actual position of the negotiations
on the subject at present shows, however,
that this assertion is not correct, as the
powers are now discussing' the scheme of
administration proposed by Lord Salis
bury, which permits the Greek : troops
which are already in Crete to remain 'on
the island until a settlement of the Cretan
difficulty is completed. There is a pro
found conviction in political circles here
that Greece will submit to the wishes of
the powers and that an extension of the
war is highly improbable. •
/> J-AtOH OF- GKEKCK.
I'ublic Opinion in »i/inpitht/ With King
; George.
LONDON, Ewe., Feb. 20.— A1l political '
j interest is now centered in the struggle i
* over Crete, and though it would be un
' wise to predict how or what the outcome \
I will be. it is tbe general opinion here that
I Greece will ultimately attain ber object
• and again count the island as one of her !
possessions. Popular opinion in England
is strongly in favor of Greece. Tbe pro- I
j pos*>l made by Germany that a joint fleet \
] of the powers block* the i'ira'Us, the
port of At hen.>, In order to compel Greece '
I to heed the demands made upon her, has ;
' caused the deepest indignation here. It
| is.pointed out that the youthful and ex- '.
■ tremely impulsive German Emperor may |
j have other than political objects in view i
| in his desire to Inflict humiliation upon
! the Greeks.
A news agency dispatch from Paris
j says: The Russian agency here asserts
j that the Czar has pent an autograph letter
to the King of Greece warning him to
, cease the Greek preparations for war.
j The dispatch a ids that the foreign diplo- ,
mats in St. Petersburg are confident that
! in consequence of the accord of the tow-
I ers all danger of war is over.
SAIN DIEGO'S WATER CARNIVAL.
HINDERED
BY THE GOD
OF STORMS
Jupiter Pluvius Assumes
Control of San Diego's
Carnival.
NECESSITATES A BRIEF
DELAY.
Aquatic Sports Are Postponed,
but Not So With Indoor
Pleasures
NAVAL OFFICERS GUESIS AT
A DANCE.
Entertainment Provided for Admiral
B ar.isl-'e and the Warsh
Commanders.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. With peals
of thunder and Mashes of lightning Colo
nel Jupiter Piuvius assumed command of
the big water carnival as grand marshal,
and all day the high winds and furious
downpour have attested his supreme dicta
torship. To-night, after nearly two inches
of rain has fallen, the atmosphere seems
somewhat clearer and the. god of storms
may conclude to depart to-morrow and
allow the festivities to go on without his
presence — for which favor, if granted, the
3000 visitors now in the city, as well as the
20.000 people who call San Diego "home,"
will be truly grateful.
Because of the storm and the high sea
the aquatic sports have all been postponed
until Tuesday afternoon, and the visitors
to-day dragred themselves about ' the city
or dolefully warmed their feet by cheerless
oil stoves in hotels and lodging-houses.
A telegram received by Mayor Carlson
from Washington to-night reads as fol
lows:
President <*"•* no 1 - -- ion to sailors of
British gum at Conk- marching in land
parade at Bea Diego Water Carnival.
Olney, Secretary of State.
Thus, on the eve of the carnival the sea
righu-rs of ber British Majesty are given
permission for the first time, as far as
known, to march as an armed force on
American soil, and tbis, too, on the anni
versary of the birth of the man of all
others who was most responsible for the
severing of the ties which bound this
nalion to the "mother country."
More than this, Captain Dyke of the
Camus has s*gnitied his desire to march in
the parade of Monday morning and at
noon will fire a salute of twenty-one guns
in honor of Washington, the American.
In an interview to-night Captain Dyke
said: •
"Time was' when I thought I might
some day march on the soil of this repub
lic, but never dreamed the occasion
would be as felicitous as the present one."
■All during the storm to-day one event
has been looked forward to with the great
est enthusiasm by those who were for
tunate enough to secure invitations, and
the number was nearly 800. 1 it was the
military and naval ball at tbe Coronado
Hotel in honor of Rear-Admiral Beardslee
and the officers of the vessels of the North
Pacitic Squadron now in port.
. The list of guests of honor was not con
fined to United States naval officers, for
Captain Dyke and. the officers of her
Majesty's ship Comas are included as
guests of the carnival.
And so it was to-night that while the
! rain fell fiercely upon the great vaulted
, dome. of the spacious ballroom and the
i huge breakers of the Pacific dashed their
spray aeainst the windows outside several
; hundred men and women danced the
j hours away, while the splendid band of
1 the flagship Philadelphia sent forth its be
| witching strains of melody.
To Thomas Hill, the famous artist ot
Yosemite Valley, belongs the credit of the
; decorations within the ballroom. It was
j bis scheme entirely, for he had made an
| elaborate water-color sketch of the entire
plan and the decorators religiously fol
lowed every det til. They transformed
! the lofty dome.of the auditorium into a
leafy canopy, with eucalyptus boughs
anu branches radiating from the naileries.
, Garlands and festoons of stuilax, banks of
| white blossoms and bamboo, covered the
j .walls and columns and gracefully out
lined the loges set apart for the patron
esses and the naval officers. The private
boxes on the stage were also decorated
i With palms and potted plants, sniilax and
I bamboo.
. This woodland bower, . illuminated by
the rosy glow of shaded electric lights and
graced by the presence ol dainty belles
and popular beaux, resplendent in
gorceou-) gowns or uniforms, was one
which it delighted the eye to gaze upon.
At 8:30 o'clock the ball opened with an
overture by tbe band, during which
the admiral received his guests standing
in the parlors at the right of the entrance.
For over an hour th* guests passed
through the entrance into the ballroom
beyond.
At 9:30 o'clock the band struct up the
grand march, which was led by Admiral
Beardslee and Mrs. Works, Goddess of
the carnival. Two hundred couples joined
in the promenade. Following the Admi
ral and Mrs. Works came the officers of
the navy according to rank. Around
and across the ballroom they went
through many intricate and beautiful
figures, led by Patterson Sprigg, who is
past master in the art of military dancing.
/At the completion of ihe march the long
column halted opposite the admiral's
loge, where, with his staff and a party of
ladies, he reviewed the dancers in military
style. -f> ;V 7 '■'."'•'
The proiraramo opined with the lancers
and continued until 10:30 o'clock, when
supper was announced in the banquet
room. Here an elaborate banquet bad
been spread. The revelry continued un
til the last fer.y left for San Diego.
To-morrow no particular programme
will be followed, but tbe city's guests will
be given an opportunity to go whither
they will. Excursions will be run to all
points of interest in the bay region and
receptions will be held all day on the war
ships in the harbor. Sousa's Band. will
give two concerts in Fisher's Opera-house.
On Monday morning at 10 o'clock the
military and naval parade will form at
Fifth and D streets, in the center of the
city, with Colonel A. G. Gasmen as grand
marshal and Lieutenant-Commander R.
R. Ingersoll, executive officer of the Phila
delphia, as chief of staff and virtually in
command. The crew of the British
cruiser Comus will march on American
soil. ' .'*. 'l%\
Altogether there will* be fully 1500
sailors, marines and soldiers in line, and
ibe parade, being strctly military, will be
peculiarly imposing. The afternoon will
be given up to football, races and various
amusements, and at 8 o'clock t c center
of attraction will be transferred to the
bay, where the great water carnival is to
take place. If ever there existed an ideal
sheet of water for this purpose San Diejio
Bay is that same. Stretching gracefully
for fourteen miles in length and less than
two in its greatest breadth, its • waters
ever placid beneath skies that never
frown, :t is one of the most beautiful crea
tions of nature.
Exactly as the clock strikes a gun will
be fired from the bow of the gorgeously
decorated and brilliantly liebted barge of
the Goddess of the carnival, Mrs. Lewis
Reed "Works. This will be the signal for
the carnival procession to start. The
head launch will lead off from a beacon
near the steamship wharf, and moving
westward down the bfy the procession
of twenty-four brilliantly illuminated
launches, each having three or more boats
in tow, will pass in review before the ad
miral and the fleet of warships.
The procession will be more than two
miles in length, and the fireworks display
will last over two hours. All the war
ships will be illuminated by electricity,
and .cores of Japanese lanterns will be
suspended from every yard. Seven
thousand Japanese lanterns and 3000
colored Roman candles will be used in the
display, besides several thousand pounds
of Greek fire.
Among those to whom great credit is
due for the success thus far attending this
undertaking, none is more deserving than
Chairman Cantlin. Director-General R.
V. Dodge and J. E. O'Brien, chairman of
the finance committee, have worked faith
fully and to good purpose. Collector
John C. Fisher, I* E. Aubury, Eugene
nd sen, Secretary "W. E. Simpson,
James H. Ceegan, F. M. Barnes, Mal
colm McDonald, F. H. Bobbins and many
others have been of great assistance.
United States Quarantine Surgeon W. W.
McKay, who will have personal charge of
the water parade, has shown rare ability
as an organizer.
On the result of this undertaking de
pends much, for if it is successful in every
sense of the word, there is no question but
that an organization will be effected to
promoie annual water carnivals that for
spectacular brilliancy and scenic splendor
will surpass anything before attempted on
this coast
UPON A SUBSTANTIAL BASIS.
New the Newspapers Receiving the United
._ ■_ * Associated Presses Reports May
Rest Content.
-NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 20.— com
mittee oi the United Associated Presses
appointed to comer with a similar com
mittee of the Associated Press of Illinois
to-day gave notice to the latter that it had
been instructed to terminate negotiations.
Notwithstanding that committees of the
two organizations met in the most con
ciliatory and amicable spirit, they were
unable to agree upon a union. Had a
union been effected both parties seemed
entirely agreeable to the application of
any surplus to a reduction of assessments
and the payment of whatever debts the
two organizations might have against
them.
It was impossible for the representa
tives of the United Press to secure a
union which would protect either their
allied organizations or their members and
clients as individuals. Thin was the chief
reason why negotiations came to an end.
The United Press committee desires to in
form its members and clients that with
the cordial financial loyal co-operation of
all the Now York member*) and its allied
members all over the country arrange
ments have been made by which the
United Press will continue on a sound
paying basis. This guarantees :i perma
nent and thoroughly effective service.
The United Associated Pre---? have to
tal receipts of more than $1,000,000 per
annum. With this volume ol business it
is idle to assume that a strong, efficient
and permanent service cannot be main
tained. This wiil be done, and every
member and client of the Uniied Associ
ated Presses can feel assured that he wi I
have a permanent and satisfactory servic?.
The Sun resumes its former relations to
the United Press and renews its allegiance
and hearty support of the organization.
The Herald, Tribune, Time* and Journal
also continue their support as heretofore,
as well as the members generally of the
United Press proper and its allied organ
izations.
SNOWSLiDES IN COLORADO.
Two Fatalities and Great Destruction of
Properly — Thrilling Experience .of
a Maii- Carrier.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 20.— Snowslides
have wrought more damage to-day than
yesterday. At least two lives have been
lost, and considerable property has been
damaged.
Mail-carrier E. J. Bell, wbo was sup
posed to be dead, saved himself, and
about the only damage apparent, except
his very weak condition, are a few frozen
toes. Bell was caught in a slide un :er
about twenty-five feet of snow. Rescuing
parties took off fifteen feet directly above
him and then gave him ud for dead. He
lay unconscious until about 8 o'clock this
morning.
When his senses returned he heard
water trickling. This water had brought
him air and saved his life. He dug to the
stream and then to the surface. Then he
walked three miles to the nearest house
and fell unconscious as soon as he real
ized he was safe. He will recover.
James Petiy was carried . over a preci
pice to-day with a pack train, most of the
burros being killed and himself only
..lightly injured.
• A snowslide caught the cabin of the
Cleopatra mine, near Pitkin, killing Mar
tin Mentiey and injuring his three part
ners. Mentiey's relatives live in Penn
sylvania. ;c ,y. )j i\\!,y,
Al Ophir, Colo., a snowslide demolished
the railroad station and twelve freight
cars. The station agent and his wife were
in the building at dinner. The timbers
fell in just such.shape that the man was
but slightly iniu'red and his wife did not
receive a single scratch.
About as rapidly as the roads bave been
opened they have been closed by more
slides.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CARSON
CONTAINS
THEM ALL
Bob Fitzsimmpns and His
Retinne Appear on
the Scene.
EN FINE FETTLE FOR
THE FIGHT.
Ha Will at Once Begin Hard
Training at the Cool-
Ranch.
GEORGE GREEN TO MEET JOE
WALCOTT.
Only the Co'ored Lad's Ace ptance
Ne.ded to Consummate
the Match.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 20.— And now Bob
Fitzsimmons is on the ground.
The lanky Cornishman who is so anx
ious to pummel the head of Corbett sub
jected the populace to one disappointment
by not arriving as per programme on the
morning train, but then that really served
to whet the public desire to get a squint at
the man who at present is the real owner
of the title of champion of the world. In
consequence there was a veritable mob at
the depot when the little accommodation
train came crackling in over the ice
covered rails.
Fitzsimmons did not emulate the ex
ample of Corbett by endeavoring to deny
the throng by dodging out of the rear exit
of the car. He tripped jauntily off the
front end and upon the platform right in
the very midst of them. Bob is not averse
to crowds. He was always prone to allow
ing himself to be admired and to listening
KEW TO-DAY.
SKIN HUMOR ON BABY
Head and Entire Body Covered.
Itching Intense, Would Scratch
Till Blood Came.
Had to Put Mittens on His Hands
To Keep Him from Tearing
His Skin.
One Application of CUTICURA
Soothes Him to Sleep.
Complete Cure.
"When my little boy was about three months
old his head broke out with a rash, which was
very itchy and ran considerable watery fluid.
We tried everything we could, but he got
worse all the time till it spread to his arms,
legs, and then to his entire body, and he got
so bad that be came near dying. The rash
would itch so that he would scratch till the
blood ran, and a thin, yellowish stuff would
be all over his pillow in the morning. 1 had
to put mittens on his hands to keep him from
tearing his skin around his wrists. He got
so weak and run down that he took fainting
spells like we would think him dying. He
was almost a skeleton, and his little hands
were thin like claws.
He was bad about eight months when we
tried Citici-ra Remedies. I had not laid
him down in his cradle in the day time for a
long time. He had got so that he just slept
in our arms all the time. I washed him with
Cuticcka Soap, and put on one application
of Cuticuka, and he was so soothed that I '
put him in his cradle. You don't know how
glad I felt he felt better. It took one box of
CfTtcißA, pretty near one cake of Cuticuka
SOAP, and about half a bottle of Cuticura
Resolvent to cure him. I think our little
boy would have died only for Cuticura Rem-
edies, and I shall always remain a firm friend !
of them. Mrs. M. CM AITL AND, Jasper, Ont. '
Cuticara Remedies hare effected the moet wonderful
enre* of torturing, disfiguring, humiliating skin end scalp
humor* of infanta and children, aa well a* of adults of
ase ry age. No statement is made regarding them that is
not justified by the strongest evidence. They are the I
moet speedy, economical, and infallible skin cores, blood i
purifiers, and humor remedies of modern timet.
I
Sold throughout the world. Pottxr D. C. Comp.,
Props., Boston, tssT" How to Cure Baby Bamort," free.
FACE HUMORS Wr* j
IfinNCV ljterine pains - we * k backs, •
111 U II HI sore lull * aching muscles, ,
and rheumatism relieved quick
DA IMC * 9 an electric flash by Collins" |
I Hill Voltaic Electric Planters.
WHY j
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon ■
can gel a first-clacs article if only you j
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS &, COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of tho best materials.
Cewed with the best threads.
, Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
GC" M O for a picture of our I
Factory, we will mail one to you free *
; of charge.
I ! — —
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ABB-ESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO,
. CALIFORNIA.2
A LETTER FROM FITZ.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 20. T0 the Editor "Call," San Francisco:
I hope to he at my training quarters to-morrow. Ido plenty of work and
have thoroughly satisfied myself that the mountain air is not going to
Intber me. I can spar and wrestle for fifty minutes without a rest, so
that my friends may know that I am rounding into condition all right.
FITZ.
SPECIAL PHOTOGRAPH OF FITZ— TO BE COPYRIGHTED
to the "Otis' and "Ahs" of astonishment
that are audible when his marvelous
breadth of shoulders looms up. He is the
same old Bob now. He presented quite a
natty appearance in his long j*due overcoat
and trave ing cap.
There were a few exchanges of greetings
with press correspondents and sporting
acquaintances and then Fitz made off for
the Arlington. Martin Julian, his brother
in-law and manager, walked by his side,
while Trainers Dan Hickey and Ernest
Roeber brought up in the rear, struggling
with valises and a big leather box contain
ing Bob's latest plug hat. The crowd
men, women and boys — joined in the pro
cession, whooping and shouting as he
went, and now and then cautioning the
Scene in the Lobby of the Arlington Hotel, the Headquarters of the Sports at Carson.
new arrival to look out for Corbett's dog.
"You're all right, Fitz," shouted one
enthusiastic Neva lan, as he sidled up to
the tall Cornishman, and, grasping him
by the hand, he added: "You'll do him
inside of three rounds." „
"It won't take much more than that if
he stand* up and fights, my friend," was
Bob's merry reply.
Mrs. Fitzsimmons did not accompany
the p3Hy, as was expected. She is in New
York caring for her mother, who is quite
ill. She expects to join her nusband,
however, before the battle with Corbet*.
After registering at the Arlington, Fitz
and Julian elbowed their way throat* the
crowd, which now tilled the lobby to the
suffocation point, and reacbed the dining
room for a breathing spell and a bite to
eat. After that the fighter went to his
apartments (and they were tbe same ones
which only a few hours before Corb'it
had vacated) and 'changed his apparel.
When he reappeared in the lobby be was
dressed in a neat gray tweed suit and wore
a big blue sweater.
The crowd did not have opportunity to
feast its eyes long npon the man who is to
face Corbett, for Julian whisked bim out
of the place and into a sleigh, which car- i
ried him to the rendezvous of the exclu- '
sive photoerapher, and thence* out to i
Cook's ranch. This and some other little !
business matters being attended to, Bob I
was back at tbe hotel to greet friends and '
talk.
There can be no question about one
thing, and that is that Fitzsimmons never
looked better during his ring career. He
shows every indication of having gone
through some heavy training of late. His
eye is clear and sparkling, his face glows
with a ruddy, healthy color, and his hair
such of it as he still clings to — redder
than ever. Ke was in splendid spirits,
and expressed himself as being delighted
over the fact that he had reached the end
of his journey and could now take up his
routine of good, earnest, outdoor exercise.
"I never felt better in my life, but then
I guess you have heard tbat before," said
Bob, laughingly, when asked as to his
condition. "I have not been idle a
moment for a month and am in really
perfect shape for the fight right now. I
am stronger than ever. I will win this
fight just as sure as 1 am a foot high."
Fitzsimmons brought all of his gym
nasium paraphernalia with him and it
will be shipped out to Cook's ranch im
mediately, so that everything can be
rigged up so as to permit him to begin
work to-morrow afternoon.
The report that reached here yesterday,
to tbe effect that the Cornisbman had met
with a mishap by which be injured bis
trusty left arm, turns out to have been in
a measure true, but the damage is not
serious and he says it will not interfere
wiih his training. It appears that while
boxing several days ago with his trainer,
Dan Hickey, he strained the cords of his
elbow, and later on bruised his wrist by
swinging it against the adamantine head
of Hickey. He was forced io wear ban
dages for a while and to ease up in his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
work, Dut the lame arm is rapidly mend
ing and will be as good as ever within a
week.
"I have been with Fitz for some tima
now, and I can truthfully say that be was
j never in such magnificent trim as be is
right now," said Dan Hickey to-night.
"Barring that trifling injury to his arm,
be could go right at Corbett now, without
another day of training, and he would
win in a earner. lam satisfied that it is
going to be a very pretty fight for a few
I rounds, and then ii will grow one-sided.
j Fitzsimmons is certain to make a cnop
ping-block out 01 Corbett, and when he
j gets tired thumping him be will put him
10 sleep neatly and with dispatch.
"I don't look for a lone light. Fitz is
boxing taster than ever, has learned some
new tricks at the same and hits — well, a
trip-hammer is about the only thine I can
compare to him, and I ought to know, for
I om the individual that has to take the
knocks be bands out. They are no love
laps, I assure you."
P.oeber, the celebrated G.acco-Roman
I wrestler, who has been assisting Hickey
I in bis work of preparing Fitzsimmons for
j the great battle, is equally enthusiastic
j over the outlook. Roeber gives the Cor
| nishman two or three heavy tussles daily
j and he asserts that be has to do his level
best in order to hold up bis end in the
j bugging and tugging.
"Why, that fellow is as strong as a
* lion," said Roeber to-night, "and I never
! met a man who possessed so much endur
| ance as be displays. I consider myself
the champiou at my profession and have
! beaten the best men who ever went on the
j mat with me, but Fitzsimmons can give
] me more than I can attend to. He has
j thrown me repeatedly and then pokes fun
at me. We do not go at each other as do
I Corbett and McVey in their wrestling
i bouts. They, as you probably are aware,
. simply stand up and pull at each other's
i necks and shove one another round. Not
Iso with us. Fitz and I get right down on
i tbe mat and wrestle for blood and for a
j fall.
I "We had a delightful trip over," con
i tinued Roeber. "We stopped at several
I of the big cities to give exhibitions, and
j FUz was everywhere greeted enthusiasti-
I ca.ly. While in Colorado we had a good
[ chance to test him in high altitudes, and
I my word for it the rarity of the atmos-
I phere did not affect him a panic c. That
j was more than the rest of us could say.
j It will not take him long to get accus
tomed to the climate of Carson."
Fitisimmons is fastidious. He took a
notion to-night that the apartments in the
I Arlington assigned to him, and which
j were lately occupied by Corbett, were not
good enough for him and he insisted upon
I a change. In fact there was nothing in
j the hotel he liked except the dining-room
I menu and Julian had to secure temporary
| quarters for him in a private rooming
; house. It will be for to-night only, how
j ever, as Fritz and his party, including his
j pet Great Dane, all go out to the training
quarters to-morrow to remain until the
day of the fight.
There was much speculation among the
Carsonites and the strangers here this
morning as to what might happen in the
event that Corbett and Fitzsimmons
should catch signt of each other. There
were visions of a royal, old-fashioned
rou-.*h-and-tumb!e fight, of trainers get
ting mixed up and of gallons of gore gen
erally, but ail this was for naught. Cor
bett carried out his programme, an
nounced last night after be beard tbat bis
h and ball court bad been fini-bed, by bid
ding adieu to Car-on proper and moving
bag and bag-age out to fcbaws Springs, j
his training quarters.
Tbe exodus of the Corbett party took
place this afternoon and only a out an
hour before Fitzsimmons' arrival. The
famous Californlan was driven out to the
springs in a handsome shell-shaped cutter
by his brother Harry. Mc V Eagan and
Cook* trailed behind in Billy Willis'
double-seated sleigh, and Woods and Joe
Corbett brought up in the rear along with j
all of tbe baggage in the Shaws Springs
bus. Aside from a sparing bout before
supper no other exercises was indulged in,
the afternoon being taken up in getting
things into their places and ready for to
morrow's real work.
• This forenoon Corbett went through an
hour's roush practice with Woods, Mc-
Vey and Jo. Corbett at the Carson Opera
house, and showed to batter advantage
than ever. His wind was perfect, and al
though he never ceased in his boxing and
wrestling a moment he was scarcely blow
ing when he got through, and said he felt
not in the least fatigued. After lunch he
donned a pair of smoked glasses in order
to protect his eyes from the glare of the
snow, and, accompanied by Woods and
his collie, w nt out for a sprint along the
slippery sidewalks of the back streets of
Carbon.
This was not for long, however, because
the pair were soon joined by a throng of
youngsters who, when they were not
whooping and yelling, pelted the fighters
with snowballs. Corbeit finally halted
and gave the "kids" battle. He enjoyed
the sport hugely, and so did the small
fry, but it put an end to the outdoor run.
Dan Stuart decided to-day to programme
a contest between George Green of San
Francisco and Joe "Woicott of Pittsburg
for the 16th of March, provided Woicott
will accept. He wanted Woicott and
"Xid 1 * Lavigne together, but the latter
declined the issue. Stuart hangs up a
$5000 purse for the Green-Wolcott go and
will allow the welter-weights $250 each for
training expenses.
The winner of the bout is to take the en
tire purse. Green's consent has already
been obtained, and all that is necessary
now is a favorable answer from Tom
O'Rourke, Wolcott'a manager. If the
match is ratified Green will come to Car
son at once and train with his old tutor.
Corbett. Woicott, it is understood, will
be extended an invitation to do his pre
paratory worK at Cook's ranch along with
Fitzsimmons.
Sailor Sharkey will be given no match
here, as Stuart will not for a moment con
sider his demand for a $lu.ooo purse.
Donohoe, who has in hand the task of
constructing the mammoth amphitheater
in which the battles are to ba fought, will
break ground for the structure at the race
track Monday morning. He signed a con
tract to-day or the purchase of eight car
loads of -umber, comprising in all 525,000
feet of white pine from a local flume com
pany. Donohoe has employed fifty car
penters for the work and seventy laborers
to handle the lumLer. He says he will
have the amphi theater finished by Ihe
12th of March. Outside of Dan Stuart
Donohoe is undoubtedly the busiest man
in town right now.
Fitzsimmons met and was introduced
to Governor Sadler this evening. The
Cornisbman complimented the Governor
for his backbone in signing the prize
fight bill, and presented him with a deli
cately turned fancy horseshoe, which Fitz
made at Salt Lake with his own hands.
Tne Governor is as proud of the gift as a
boy with a pair of red-fopped boots, and
is exhibiting it all over town.
Harry Corbett and Colonel C. F. Burn
completed arrangements with the rail
roads to-day for bringing two big special
trains here from San Francisco for the
fights.
One of these traits will arrive on the
16th of March and remain over the fol
-1 owing day, so that those aboard can wit
ness both contests. The other wiil b°
reserved for business and professional
Humors
Ol every description, irom a pimple on the face
loan obstinate scrnlulons sore, are quickly and
permanently cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla, the
greatest blood purifying, skin h'-aline remedy.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Unnri'c Pile lhe besl family cathartic
JIUUU 0 lilid and liver isiimul-i__^.-i^c.
men who cannot snare two days' time.
It will arrive here two hoars before the
Corbett-Fuzsimmons battle and will de
part immediately after it. In order to
further accommodate their guests, Cor
bett and Burns have reserved a block of
200 of the choicest box seats, 400 in the
reserved rows and 100 general admissions,
making 700 seats in all.
In an interview sent out by the Asso
ciated Press J dian is quoted as saying
that he intended to picket a gane of
toughs from El Paso and New Orleans
about the ringside to prevent Corbett's
followers from attempting to break
through the ropes should their idol be
come groggy. Corbett denounces Julian's
language as uncalled for and damaging to
the prospect of a successful contest.
Julian himself denies having intimated
any such purpose. Dan Stuart hud this
to say :
"I haven't seen the interview, but can
assure you that I believe that neither Cor
bett nor Fitzsimmons will plant any
rooters around the ringside. We would
not allow it, and even if they did smuggle
such characters in, our police arrange
ments are so thorough that no disturb
ance is possible. Bat Masterson, who
will have charge of the deputies, is a man
of National repute, and he has gathered
together the most fearless and determined
body of law-preservers ever collected in
any arena. Protection for our guests was
my first consideration, and I will guar
antee that nobody is molested."
SMITH TO Jlf.t.T CIIOTySKI.
The lienverite Says II- Is Hatched to Figh
at Carson.
DUBOIS, Pa., Feb. 20.— "Denver" Ed
Smith announces that a fight has been ar
ranged between him and Joe Choynski, to
take place at Carson, Nev., March 17, the
date of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons contest.
Smith is to go to Pittsburg on Monday,
where the final details of the match will
be arranged.
Bate From Chicago Fixed.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 20.— Tickets for
the Corbet t-Fitzsini ii ht will be on
sale in this city March 13 and 1. for con
tinuous passage oa the day of sale, the
return limit being March 25. Under an
appeal of the Great Western road a round
trip fare to Nevada irom St. Paul of
$72 00 has been made.
Many passenger men here are disgusted
at the action of the Chicago and Alton in
forcing the $76 50 rate from Chicago.
Railroad men have been canvassing the
city to a certain the expected business on
account ot the fight and they claim to
have found only twenty-fivo men with
money enough who intended to go to Car
son. The others, it Is claimed, are going
only on paper. .';'■-.'
I'll AAK E .*. > E LOS ES.
Martin Flaherty of Loioetl Wins a Fierce
and Goru Contest.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 20— Martin
Flaherty of Lowell, Mass., defeated Frank
Erne of Buffalo in a twenty-round bout a 1
the New York Athletic Club to-night.
Erne put up a game battle under tre
mendous difficulties, as his left eye was
cut open in the fourth round and bled all
through the fight.
After the first few rounds Flaherty was
ihe aggressor and had not a mark to show
at the finish. In the Lowell man Erne
met a harder game than he had even with
Dixon.
The spacious gymnasium of the club
was crowded to the very doors when the
opening bout, set for ten rounds at 117
pounds between Bobby Wilson of Jersey
Cry and Frank Smith of California, was
put on. ,
The judges were S. C. Coster of the New
York Athletic Club and Arthur Moore ol
the New Yorlc Acme Club. The referee
stopped the bout after 2 minutes and 50
seconds of the seventh round, giving Wil
son the decision. Smith sprained his
ank c badly in going down under a right
swing, and had to be carried from the
ring.
The second pair were Joe Youngs of
Buffalo and Johnny Hannigan of Pitts
burg, who were announced to box ten
rounds at 122 pounds. Youngs had the
i est of it ail through, but Hannigan put
up a g:*me fight. Youngs bad him groggy
tor the last three rounds, but was too tired
to put tne Pittsburg boy to sleep. The
latier kept on his feet to the finish. The
judges agreed on Youngs as the wiuner.
Erne and Flahertv got into the ring at
10:20. They had weighed in at 125 pounds.
Erne had the be-t of the opening round,
but the blows were light. Erne put a stiff
re n Ved^,T™J S , h th f e >, R "tl e,t ■ V^^^S HUDYAN can be had from the
remedio-treatment thar has been B Si^A doctors o* the Hudson Medica- In-
ohv 'Cmm. ? ° f B®^N^l ■««««. "«» Tom no one else. You
physicians. IJie HUDVA*. re- K¥(WW» nee <l HUDYAN when tbe facial
medio-treatment cures the d.s- I'M™! nerve, twitch, as .here Is ":!?n 5
abilities and diseases of men. It BEgg 2____^! lean Irritation at tbeir centers, In
Is a remedy for men. It cures H2^ WSgi the brain. You need HUDYAN
seminal weakness. * cures erma ' ll?l ■*: when *_"*• is rDC recline of the
torrhoea, It cures night losses. __rasJ§^^ nerve force, because this decline
it cures drains and I: cures plm- gW^is*S|» shows a lack of nerve life, and
pies. HUDYAN cures depression -__-_KPfl___H deve.o.l into nervous debility and
of spirits, bashfulntss. Inability to ftp.,?' _________ lheu lntt > nervous prostration Ii
look frankly Into the eyes of NHul EsPS-M you have harassed your nerves 11
another. HUH \ N cures head- »OH: : KW^S TO-J have knottel or gnawed tnem
ache, hair falling out, dimness of _»__§?/ -*WtmM lt yea have abused your nerves, tc
sleht, noses In the head and ears. __?■______ IMti straighten yourself out you « 111 _.«
weak memory, loss of voice, taste fiUS ___-______.fi Hl "VAN. No one else can glv«
or smell. HUD YIN cures sunken Ml§ffl l«___i you HUD VAN except th* Hudson
eyes, stunted growth, palptatlon, Hfl_____i HK9 Medici Institute. Hll> V AN
shortness of brea*h, dyspepsia, con- Ws»*n RWSa cures varl ocele, h.drocee lm
stlpatlon and flatu ency. HUD- WffiM__l^'_ Potency, dizziness, falling sensation
lAN cures wea-iessor pains In /|2iff&32s^^-& blurs, drains, despair, sorrow anc
the small of the back, loss ot mns- /JB_^r,^Jfe|.la misery. AYr te for Circular"
cular power, gloomy, me ancholy j__#__gM •*******_lM_ll AND TKS IMONIAD3 of th".
foreboaings and disturbed sleep. _H__H-_| ______s_ffl- great HUH AN
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Corner Market and Stockton Sts , San Francisco, California.
■
right on the jaw in tne ihird. He met f
Flaherty's rushes with both nanus and j
had t c be?t bf the round.
In the fourth E:ne ran into a hard right J
on the eye, culling it, and they had a
fierce mix-up. yy
In th- next Erne put bard swings on
the body and got away cleverly. Flaherty
bad a irifl the best of the hfh with a
couple of hard swings that shook Erne
up. Flaherty chased his man to the
ropes in the sixth and planted a left on .
I the nose that drew bloo-i. The seventh
wag also F.ahertv's round. He put a hard
right on th • mouth, drawing blood, and
ju-t as the bell rang shot a left to the eye,
cutting it afresh.
Erne opened the eighth with a great
rush and landed right and left. Flaherty
sent a terrible le.t hook to the hud eve;
but the Buffalo boy came back with a
couple of hi»rd swings and honors were
fairly even.
Flaherty made a mark of the bad eye in
the ninth and Erne was covered with gore.
A couple oi heavy swine* to Erne's left
ear in the eleventh made th.v member add
to the supp.y of blood. He countered
Flaherty sharply twic*», but the Lowell
man had all the best of the work.
Erne rushed in with a storm of blows on
the body and head in the lourteenth, but
the Lowell lad clinched and forced Frank
to the ropes.
In the sixteenth Flaherty landed with
terrible force five times on the damaged
eye and on the jaw and Frank was very
near on Queer street when the bell rang.
Flaherty put an awful leit on the good j
eye in the seventeenth and had Frank i
badly punished, but just as the bell rang
Frank sent in a right and left that floored
Flaherty, who was caught unprepared. yy ■
The nineteenth was all in Flaherty's
favor. In the last round Erne stayed on
the defensive. until the bell rang, without
any further damage.
The judges agreed on Flaherty as the
winner, and the decision was received
with applause.
STANFORD'S TRACK TEAM.
Remarkable Run Made by Brunt on in a
Handicap Race on the Cinder
Track.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
20. — A call has been made upon the
students by Track Manager David Brown
to assist in planting a number of trees
around the cinder track on Washington's
birthday. The object he has in view iB to
orm some sort of a windbreak, as a breeze
from any direction interferes with the
runners. The necessary trees have been
'tonated to the track team and the stu
dents will apply the labor. Fir and euca
lyptus trees will be planted close enough
to form a hedge.
Coach King had the trackmen in regu
lar training during the first part of the
week, but the rain during the last few
days stopped both baseball and track
practice. The best record during the
week was made by John Brunton in the
220-yard ash. In a handicap race on a
curved track he came in first. His time
was:22 3-5. Considering the few days of
regular training and that the track was
slow, it was a great performance.
Coach King will institute weekly try
outs as soon as he has the men placed.
Three or four prizes will be offered for
different events and the speedier men are
to be handicapped. This method insures
hot • competition, and is calculated to
oring out new candidates. If he finds
that a weekly contest overtaxes any of
the athletes, the men will be excused
irom participating regularly.
_
POLO A.IIILEIIC CLUB BOUTS.
Paddy Purtell and Con Tioyte Put Up a
« atl Una Fight.
NEW YORK. Cal., Feb. 20.— The prin
cipal attraction at Che Polo Athletic Club
this evening was a twenty-round bout at
150 pounds between Paddy Purtell of
Kansas City and Con Doyle of Chicago.
The men put up such a good fight that
Referee Billy Madden declared the bout a
drnw. The preliminary bout between Joe
O'Donnell of Yonkers and Billy Rollins ot
New York was stopped in the fourth round
and O'Donnell was awarded the decision.
The second prelim nary go was between
Billy Rotchfort of Chicago and Jimmy
Rose ol New York, eight rounds at 120
pounls. Rotchiort was awarded the de
cision at the end of the bout.
Frank Gerard Knocks Out Jack Hanley.
TORONTO, Ontario. Feb. 20. — Jack
Hanley of Philadelphia and Prank Gerarp
of Chicago met in a twenty-round contest
at the Princess Theater to-night before
about 2500 people. Both men weighed in
at 137 pounds, the contest being for the
Heht-weight championship of Canada:
Gerard had the advantage in height and
reach, and succeeded in knocking ins man
out in the tenth round.
NEW TO-DAY.
! THIS WEEK'S
SPECIALTIES^
81 Genuine Imported French Sar-
i O dines— with keys.
3b Very fine.
J ftl Per pound— Genuine Eastern
I /in Cream Cheese. ,
i aim U . Sells everywhere at 20c.
81 _ Maine Sugar Corn— new pack —
IP white as snow.
Oil Worth i2^c a can.
Mp __ Hecker's Eastern Self-Rising
Ihfl Buckwheat Flour.
lUU Regular 25c.
A fism Hecker's Farma —
I lIP in Packages.
I (111 Never sold less than 15c.
1 a Table Peaches and Apricots—
1 I IP 3*lD cans— new pack.
I U U Very cheap.
81 Alaska Salmon— pack-
in very choice.
3b Worth 15c.
If\ am. Table Blackberries—
I lIP 3-lb cans.
lUU Sells elsewhere 20c can.
M ft-. Jellies— 2-lb cans— f
IMP all kinds.
lUU Worth 20c.
TC_* i-gallon cans —
#Kp Absolutely Pure Maple Syrup.
lUU Worth $1.25 a can.
Monthly Catalogue Sent Free Everywhere,
W!-CLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Fifth and Sixth, San 1 rancinco.
CATARRH tA I Alt 1 1 II
]& A
LOCAL DISEASE HBKS^^B
and is the result of colds WfCjSAM BAIV-jH
and sudden climatic Cgß^<Ste_fW?f s co -;. li 1
change*. K£j<_3___fr£|
This remedy does not con- tU* r "'"ER Ms £* _fl
tain mercury or any other XI k/ *? **^___i
injurious drug. *^p y *^y ifli
creahTbalm f&S
Opens and cleans the Nasal I ill II i\ UK! 1 ll
l-assairps. Allays Pain and vV___J »'« UU 11/
Inflammation, Heals and Protects the Membrana
trom Colds. Restores the Senses of Taste anl
Smell, ls quickly absorbed (Jives relief at once.
60 cents at Druggist., or by mail; samples 100 by
mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren street, New Yorlc
AUCTION.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 85 V
At 12 it. sharp, by
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
FOURTH STREET.
RENTS SNOOPER YEAR
34:4i /2 126 4ih St., south of Mission;
ren s <$. *J5 per month; large furniture-store and
basement and 40-r, lodging-house.
Cor. Ellis and Leavenworth; Rents $240.
77:6.*i63— NW. cor. Kills and Leavenworth sts. ;
a prominent transfer point; bar, fruit-store, bar-
ber-shop and dwe. l'.nss; rents $24U.
Bush Street Dwelling.
25x90—2122 Bush st, esat of Fillmore: sunny
side; 9 rooms and bath: with some repair* will
tent, for $50; must be sold.
"4th street New Cottage.
25x114-4137 24th St., west of Castro: a tasty
cottage of & rooms, bath and baiement; must be
Slid.
| Large Corner— 2lst Aye. and California
Street
67:6-100, in 1 or 2 lots— SE. corner California
j st. and 21st aye.; Californ.a-st. cars about lobe
i changed to electric.
Kearny, near Green— 939.
20x80, through to So ora St.— 1315 Kearny st.;
j 3-story bouse, cottage aud stable lor & horse*-;
j rents $39.
Large Valencia Street Lot.
61x117:6—134 feet south of 25th St.; fn 1 or _
j lots, to an alley; facing S. P. R. R. station; thou- .
i sands of passengers gel on and off the cars at this \
1 point. '.';."..
Church Street, North of Market.
24x125— West line of Church st., 363 feet north
tf Market; Fillmore-st electric cars pass.
Erie Street. ■
23x84—56 Erie St., bet Mission and Howard and
13ih and 14th: 8 room bouse; must be sold; a
; good bargain assured.
H St., near Bth Aye.— Fronts Park. 1
25x100— south line of H. St., 57:6 feet west of %■
Sih aye. J
Tehama Street, near Rents 853. (
i 25x80— 250-250% Tehama st.; front and rear
I house; bet. 3d and 4th: rent $53; must be sold.
DR PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
nr »m.«_. * -^Wsbubo, Cal., Nor. 5, 1893.
' Dr. .Fierce i- son, San Francisco
G-cKTLKKXN-The flfte en*doll'ar Belt has been
j receded aud delivered, but have not heard from
«vi •**!••/, \'-'\t . the erBon yet about the
«3wß?BS^9K£_a_^ "salt, bul Jam not afraid
___VvC-_N^__L'^__R>-__' °* k ,cn ,om - u -! back on
I S_r**~*3&r*^r^^a*\WWk me. as 1 user! one of your
■____ ■!'..r.'^^r/'.'v__! Bells n - nt ' (9) years »8°
!Bjjittjc^ji^i ;: --*«if^B and have never been
_pVttgU3laß_3y^j^^ troubled with pains iv
i " l s^3? = 4?K^^^^• my back or hips since.
I ♦i" SCkt c Bo you Bee w * 1 -"' * ara no *
* l i\y V afraid to recommend mr
■*^<<rt ' Belt io any one eifl^ring
1 with a weak back, i.alni
| in the hips and side, as I was, becaus ■ it will cure
them— never to be doubted. I remain yours to
help the sufferer. OEu. a. Kahl.
„ if?" There are no ••quack" doctor* connected
; with our establishment. Our electric belts cor?
: without drugs Prie s reasonable! Norobberv'
Isiabiisheu 1875. -end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss to. (Dr. Pierce *
Son). i. Sacr mento St.. cor. of earn >• , second?
Dorado sis., !:toc.<ton; wj. ti. Mor house cor
; Second and San _e»nanoo _is.. Man Jos?. ' •'"
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries pan^f
S.^ flou i rml "». sundries, lauffis, paoSf
hangers, printers. painters, shoe factorie-. _____T
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc '
»..„,,. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Manufacturers. 60t»Sacr-i-Qento3«i
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
•P-EARNY AND WABUINOTON OTS.-R*.
S-'J? _ del *7 nd "novated. KINO, WABDAOa
___t2 r^S!^ •» to •__ per mon;n; free wlte;
hot and cold w»u»r every room: tua azttlom ti
.T^yroo--; elevator run. auui_a*i. - "NEW JOURNALISM
GIVEN THE LIE
Latest "Triumph" of the
'-.' "Examiner" is Duly
Exploited.
Falsehoods Concerning Alleged
Shortages in the State
Printing Office.
Ail Supplies for Johnston Purchased ;
..!' , According to the Contracts
Only.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 20.— The
new journalism scored another triumph
to-day in the columns of the Examiner,
when it announced that there was an ap-
. parent shortage in State Printer John
ston's accounts amounting to $119,000.
This was followed by an additional
triumph in this statement:
It is claimed that the ."'.ate Printer has paid
for.stock and material purchased from certain
favored dealers at prices _o much in excess of
open-market rates that the State has lost an
,-nuallv through nils means alone a sum ap
prOxitoating $25,000.
. "The. exact amount cannot be ascertained
•until the business thai has been done in the
State .Print! tig Otlice has been passed upon by
competent experts. Such facts as are how ob
»•*""; .ni n a ble, however," show by comparison with
' ..lie. total amount of business done that the
- lo'.iin named may not b? far out of the way.
*;f Rom the vouchers on file in the oilice of the
'State Controller there have been selected a
"lew that will serve the purpose of comparison.
The prices paid by the State Printer for the
named articles are compared with the prices
poid ior the same articles at Folsom prison:
l'ric- paid by Price paid at
Article— Printer. Polsum.
Benzine fO *_'_V_ $0 18
("uai oil 20 14
Cylinder oil 75 48
.Kncine oil 45 127
1 urpontine 65 41
Coal '(per tOD) 10 M) 9 40
White glue (per 1b).... 22 18
The difference in the prices paid for these
articles is very materially increased when
considered In the light of the fact thatthe
prices of all articles of merchandise are higher
at Folsom than at Sacramento on account of a
difference in ireight rates.
Taking the figures named above as a basis
and adding in the apparent shortage of $11!',
--000.shown by the State Printer's own reports,
those who are insisting upon an investigation
estimate that during the six years of Mr. John
ston's administration there has been a sum
aggregating $250,000 paid out of the State
treasury and ior which the State has had no
return. There are to be sound in Sacramento
"those who declare that a quarter of a million
dollars will not cover the loss caused by the
maladiuin stration of the affairs of the State
Printing Oilice.
• Those who are to be found in Sacra
mento.who declare that a quarter of a mil
lion will not cover the loss caused by the
maladministration of the affairs of the
Slate .Printing Office are the six Examiner
correspondents and a few cheap Demo
cratic cross-roads politicians.
• -.The Examiner conveys the impression
to its readers that Mr. Johnson has him
self ordered and bought the articles men
tioned at the prices complained of. The
fact is that all these supplies were bought
in. pursuance of contracts let to the lowest
responsible bidders by the Board of Ex
aminers, and all the bills were passed
upon by the Board of Examiners and the
State Controller.
.'So that the State Printer neither pur
chased nor paia for the articles. AH his
recyuis'tions are filed with the State Board
of Examiners, who also pass upon the
.Mils for the supplies to the Folsom prison,
an i who are well aware of the difference
in the prices and the reasons therefor.
.So much for the Examiner's lie No. 1.
" Examiner's lie No. 2 is the statement
that there is an apparent shortage of
$119 000. There is no shortage whatever,
■either apparent or real.
• The Examiner published on the day be
fore yesterday a certificate from State
Controller Colgan in which he declared in
the plainest and most positive terms that
there was no discrepancy whatever be
tween his books and the accounts of the
Slate Printer, and that there was no
shortage whatever in the office of the
State Printer. This certificate was pub
lished in The Call on the same morning.
The Controller and the State Board of Ex
aminers are the only authority on the
subject, and they have given the "new
journalism" the He.
CALIFORNIA'S FAIR NAME.
Governor Budd Asks the Legislature to
■See That II It Untarnished.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.—Gov
ernor Budd this morning presented the
following special message to the Senate
irid Assembly:
To the Senate and Afsembly-Gr.iXTi.EUEi!: The
State Board of Trade by its properly conti
tuted committee lias waited upon me and sub
mitted a statement of the character of many
o,f the immigration schemes projected by par
ties within the State, and of the injury which
our legitimate interests have sustained abroad
by the lrequent misrepresentations of private
parties seeking to trade upon the reputation
and acknowledged merit of California.
It is an acknowledged fact with which you
are doubtless familiar that while the State
a/fords a wealth of opportunity for honest and
productive investment, and offers an almost
limitless variety of opportunities for the poor
sr wealthy home-seeker to satisfactorily estab
lish himself, great Injustice is done and much
hardship inflicted upon a large number of per
sons annually who are lured within our State
3y dishonest promoters or speculators who are
induced lo pay high prices for barren, arid, or
>ther**rise unproductive land.
Our state has honestly earned a reputation
ibrqad "as possessed of a peerless soil and cli
ijate, and it should be our concern, as it is our
i'lty, to preserve that reputation untarnished
'-■ a source of progress and an object of pride,
•ybmitto you herewith the communication
ol *he Committee of the State Board of Trade,
mich is self-explanatory. if you deem it
vise 10 place some restriction "or regulation
ipon immigration schemes, or if you desire to
onatitute some authority whicn shall pass
ipon • their character or integrity by
vhich investors abroad will be protected I
hall be pleased to co-operate with you, bop
ng.'it wiii result in correcting serious evils
vhich we know to exist. No additional ex
penditure ed, however, be incurred for a
lew commission for the purpose outlined in
he communication as we already have in the
;tate Board of Agriculture a body peculiarly
it ted by reason of their calling and general
listrlbution throughout the State for this
nurpoEe
I submit this matter to your careful consid
eration. James H. Budd, Governor.
■ m
■KELSEY GETS THE BEAT.
Victory for the Hepublican Contestant
From Santa Clara.
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, Feb. 20.— The
Assembly Committee on Contested Elec
tions will report next Tuesday declaring
the seat of Assemblyman McLauren
vacant and that J. D. Kelsey is entitled to
represent the Ffty-nfth District, Santa
Clara County. McLauren is a fusionist,
and Kelsey is a Republican. The latter
had a seat in the Assembly at the last
cession. :* >
The committee on recounting the ballots
threw out several Kelsey votes on the
pround that across had been made with a
pencil before the election stamp bad been
applied on top of it in the square opposite
Kelsey's name. Then they camo to four
• »en penciled ballots for McLauren, ar.d
Binder the rule they were thrown out. This
nave the election to Kelsey by eleven
■Totes. ■.'■■_ ■■■■■■
It is a signal victory for Kelsey, because
ln the campaign he had to go up against
a fusion,majority of 676 in his district.
-. Ilii-r-ide Palo Game
Postponed.
RIVERSIDE. Cal., Feb. 20. The
Riverside polo game was postponed from
Monday to a later date on account of the
etorm. -7 V';
CRUEL "EXAMINER" FAKE EXPOSED.
Pete Olsen Yet Lives, and the
Killing of Millie Lyons Has
Not Been Avenged.
"New Journalism's" Weird Romance
Woven Out of the Finding of a
Skull May Aid a Murderer
to Escape.
The Examiner devoted an entire page of its last Sunday's "magazine" to the telling of an outrageous fabrication, in which
it uses the names of well-known people of Napa County, whom it charges with having killed a man. Not only the persons
named but their friends and the community of Napa are incensed to the highest degree. The story is so far from being true
that the man said to bave been killed nine years ago is still living. The story was a lake from beginning to end, the
persons given as authority for it denying both the fact of the interview and the truth of the statements made.
The story relates to the murder in 1837 of Mrs. Millie Lyons by Peter Olsen. The rinding of a skull in the brush some miles
from the scene of the murder is taken as sufficient excuse for declaring that Olsen, for wboße body there is an offer of $2000,
was killed within a few hours after the murder.
Frank Grigsby is said to have done the killing and Bush Oliver is said to have been with him at the time and is given as
authority for the story at this time. Both of them deny it, and Oliver is indignant at having been given as the mouthpiece for
the fabrication. He says he lived miles away from the scene at the time and did not know Grigsby until five years after
ward. "Monarch of Fakers" is the Examiner, indeed. The following statement of the facts of the case cornea from a Call
correspondent at Napa:
NAPA, Cal., Feb. 20.— Millie Lyons was
most atrociously murdered on the after
noon of February 17. 1887. Pete Olsen was
her murderer. He is still alive and free
and has noi received the punishment, "to
be hanged by the neck until he is dead,"
that such crimes merit.
His deed was wanton, bloodthirsty, and
the feelings of the Nana people were
highly wrought up. A pleasant home had
been invaded and the young and happy
wife had been stricken down.
Herman Lyons, husband of the deceased,
was seen by a Call representative to-day
and the story of the crime was graphically
recited:
Herman Lyons, the husband of the mur
dered woman, had had in his employ for
five months a Swede, who was known by
the name of "Pete." He had been hired
to chop wood under certain agreements,
which he had failed to fulfill. Mr. Lyons
refused to pay the man until the contract
was carried out, which made the feliow
angry. He was of a morose disposition,
rarely having anything to say to any one.
Mr. Lyons came to town on February
17, 1887, with his wife and eleven-months'
child, and wanted Pete to come also, as he
did not wish to have any more trouble
with him. Pete refused, however, and re
mained at the farm. Two or three times
during the day he visited a fellow wood
chopper, and sat and smoked, but said
little. On one of these occasions the man,
Louis Bnsar, told Pete that he ought to
pile his wood straight and settle with the
boss, to which Pete responded that "it
was none of his (Ba«ar's) business."
Mr. Lyons and family returned to their
home from Napa at about 4 o'clock. After
stopping just long enough to allow his
wife to alight and carry the merchandise
that had been bought to the door, he
started his team to A. F. Grigsby's place,
to return the wagon he had borrowed.
Upon arriving, he unhitched and started
back home. On the way he saw Pete
on the nillside below the road, holding a
repeating rifle in both hands, as though
watching for game. As they came oppo
site eacn other, Pete suddenly turned,
and leveling the rifle at Lyons' head, ex
claimed: "I will snoot you.'' Lyons an
swered that he ne*d not do that, but to
come to the house and he would settle up,
FRANK GRIGSBY, "Who Denies Having Avenged the Death
of Mrs. Lyons by Killing Pete Olsen, as Falsely Charged
by the "Examiner." Bush Oliver Corroborates the
Statement Mfde by Grigsby.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
MRS. MILLIE LYONS, the Woman Murdered by Pete Olsen.
as he had the money with which to do so.
Pete then dropped the rifle from his
shoulder and took several steps down the
hill, when he turned again and exclaimed
with an oath, "Well, I'll shoot yon, any
how 1"
Lyons then started the horses on a trot
and managed to keep them between him
and Pete until the latter ran to the upper
side of the road and fired. Lyons then
left the team and started for a field where
his father-in-law, Keilis Grigsby, and son
and nephew were at work, calling lor help
at the same time. Sam Grigsby Jr. went
to the house for a rifle, while the other
two started for Lyon!*' assistance. He re
quested that some one go to the house, as
he feared that harm had been done Millie,
his wife.
Sam brought him a rifle about this time
and he started for the Napa road in hopes
of meeting the man. He failed to find
him on that road, however, so came down
to the house.
Upon arriving there he learned for the
first time that his wife had been mur
dered in a most atrocious manner. He
had feared that such was the case, for he
had seen blood on Olsen's hands. Th«
woman had been killed in an inhu
man manner. There was a cut on each
cheek which extended from near the
point of the chin nearly to the ears, and
which penetrated into the mouth in each
case. Another cut commenced at the
median line of the back of the neck, on '
the left side, and extended within an inch
or so of the starting point on the right
side, severing both jugulars and the prin
cipal arteries. Other cuts about the chin
and face were noticeable hut were not so
bad as those mentioned. A portion of the
end of the little finger of the left hand was
evidently bitten off, taking a portion of
the nail. Teeth marks were noticeable on
tbe arms also.
Pete Olsen still lives and is unpunished.
Much comment was caused by the account
in the Examiner of the death of Pete
Olsen. Keilis Grißsby, father of Mrs. Mil
lie Lyons; Frank Grigsby, the one ac
cused of having killed Pete Olsen; Bush
Oliver and Herman Lyons, husband of
the deceased, made emphatic statements
to a Call representative that Frank Grigs
by did not kill Fete Olsen, and that he
never confessed to having done so.
ln referring to the matter, Keilis Grigs
by said: "The story about the killing of
Pete Olsen is a fabrication, and there is
no truth in it at all. > It is a great injus
tice to make such a statement and throw
every one off the track. Frank was not
with Bush Oliver and Capell during the
hunting." .
Frank Grigsby said : "My name is
Frank Grigsby. I. was not outside of
Wooden Valley on the night of February
17, 1887. I did not fire any sixteen shots,
and I most positively state that I did not
Continued on Fourth Page.
CONTROL Of THE
VETERANS' HOME
Grand Army Men Now
Want the Assembly Bill
Amended.
Z N. Goldsby Offers Some In
teresting Information to the
Legislature.
.
Care Must Be Taken in Order Net
to Jeopardiz3 the Federal
Appropriation.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 20.—Ener
getic efforts are being made by those
members of the G. A. R. who are in favor of
making the Veterans' Home of California
a strictly and unconditional State institu
tion to bring that object about at this
session of the Legislature. Considerable
differences have arisen among the mem
bers of the G. A. R. as to how this is to be
best accomplished, and the friction at
tendant thereon resulted in the calling of
a mass meeting at Oakland a week ago
and the appointment of a committee to
represent the cause of the contingent op
posed to the retention of the old method
of management to the members of the
Legislature. Z. N. Goldsby of that com
mittee is now hi-re and among other
things will offer the following open letter
forthe consideration of the members:
Oakland, Feb. 18, 1897.
Referring to the bill transferring the Vet
erans' Home at Yountville to the State, 1 wish
to say as chairman of the mass-meeting held
in Oakland Sunday, the 14th inst., in reply to
an open letter of ex-Postmaster Backus, that
the thought of personality was eliminated
from our deliberations in that meeting. The
unconstitutionality of the bill was all that re
ceived our consideration. Our petitions ask
ing for an amended bill are signed by members
of every post in San Francisco and Alameda
counties, and. no faction whatever exists.
We are not finding fault with the manage
ment of the home, but with the framing of tha
bill, which has been pronounced illegal by
eminent counsel, and we object to the at
tempt of Comrade Backus to divert attention
from its weakness by tne cry of factionalism.
We care not who the directors may be, if only
they are legally chosen from among ex-Union
soldiers and sailors.
The Dibble bill was not approved by the
Veterans' Home in its present
form, as Comrade Backus asserts, but instead
it was agreed to transfer the Veterans' Home
to the State unconditionally.
Regarding ex-Assemblyman Marcus D.
Hyde's communication we have to say that it
is to be regretted that Mr. Hyde was not in a
condition to be able to see whether there were
sixty (00) veterans at the meeting, as he
states, or two hundred (200) as there really
were, called together at a few hours' notice.
By a unanimous -standing vote a committee
was appointed to go to Sacramento to urge
the amending of the original bill, and Mr.
Hyde contributed money toward defraying tne
expense.
The attendance was non-political, non-fac
tional and many posts were represented. If
we could have given a day's notice of the mat
ter there would have been a much larger at
tendance and remonstrance. It i? also to be
regretted that Mr. Hyde should attempt to pose
as a member of the G. A. R., because he never
had a legal standing in that body, although he
did gain admission for a time through misrep
resentation.
The| record of every soldier is open for in
spection to any interested person, and Mr.
Hyde's record shows that he was not ap
pointed to service in the United States Army
until November 25, 1805, while the Civil War
was ended in April. 1805.
Assemblyman Dibble expresses surprise that
no opposition was shown to the original bill
until after it had passed the Assembly, and I
would explain that the reason for this is thnt
the bill came from the printer February 3,
came up in the House on the sth, was made a
special order, and in the days was passed,
leaving insufficient time for the soldiers to ob
tain copies of the bill and become acquainted
with its contents, and the Assembly passed it
thinking it was simply something to benefit
the old soldiers.
Mr. Dibble appears to be under the Impres
sion that the opposition does not approve the
passage of the bill, but such is not the case.
We do want it to become a law, but in an
amended form, to make lt a legal transfer,
and in the interest of old soldiers all over the
State. Joseph H. Dorety.
Chairman of Mass-meeting.
This bill is now in the hards of the Sen
ate, where it was referred to the Judiciary
Committee and amended somewhat from
the form in which it passed the Assembly.
As originally introduced the bill named
tbe present directors of tho home as those
to manage it under State supervision, and
there was a cause providing that the State
should forever maintain the institution
for the purposes to which it is now de
voted. There are also minor provisions
in the nature of conditions that would
■ prevent tne institution from being abso
lutely under State control, which is the
real object sought to be accomplished, as
otherwise there might arise legal compli
cations that would prevent the enjoyment
by the institution of the Federal appro
priation of $100 per capita of the inmates.
As the number of veterans now in the
Yountville Home exceeds GOO the revenue
that might thus be jeopardized would ag
gregate more than $00,000.
Among other things it is desired by
those whom Mr.Goldsby represents to have
the Governor appoint tne trustees or di
rectors, the same as is done in connection
with all other State institutions... It is
also pointed out by Mr. Goldsby that the
provision for perpetuating the institution
in its present character as provided by the
bill, is an impossibility, as the necessity
for it will cease to exist with the genera
tions that gave their services to the coun
try during the Mexican and Civil Wars.
It is desired to have the bill so amended
that the State will be able to devote it to
any use it may see fit after it ceases to be
a place of refuge for the country's de
fenders.
The bill as originally introduced was
prepared under the direction of the pres
ent board of director- of the home, and
the members of the G. A. R. throughout
the State were not generally aware of its
provisions, it is claimed, until aiter it had
passed the Assembly. Steps will now be
taken to have tbe bill amended on the
lines indicated.
FOX PURE NEWSPAPERS.
Mothers Hill Keep Bad Literature Out
of I heir Home*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20—
Previous to the regular session of the
Congress of Mothers yesterday con
ferences were held at the Arlington Hotel
and at the regular meeting place, the
First Baptist Church.
When the president, Mrs. Theodore W.
Birney called the general congress to
order at 10:30 a. M., the usual crowd was
in attendance, bat there seemed to be a
slight increase in the number of "fathers"
present. After the reading of several
papers, Mrs. Ellen Richardson of New
York presented the report of the com
mittee on resolutions. The resolutions
provide that the National headquarters be
kept in Washington; that a monthly re
port of the progress of the work be fur
nished to such newspapers as would agree
to print it and that next year's meeting
be held in Washington, D. C.
Resolutions were reported and adopted
in favor of excluding bad literature from
all homes and negotiating with the news
paper press looking to that purpose. *
None of the officers were re-elected.
After last night's meeting the delegates at
tended a banquet at the Arlington Hotel.
Hound Valley Horse Thief.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. 20.— Farwell Cyrus
was lodged in the County Jail here to-day
charged with having stolen a horse from
a Round Valley stockman
NEW TO-DAY
The accompanying illustration is a fac-similie of Dr. Sanden's
famous book, Three Classes of Hen," which is given away
free, by mail or at the office.
To the Young Man.
To the young man who has defied the revenging power of Nature
and overstepped the bounds of prudence, wasting that precious gift
which in young manhood is so delightful— that spirit, that fire which
shines forth from the eye ; that elastic step, and the proud, self-pos-
sessed command of mind and body to you Nature is over kind. She
tells you thatthe source of all animal life is Electricity that the nerves
of your body are a series of electric wires, whose power depends upon
the electricity in your body — that the waste of your youthful force
of manhood is a waste of Electricity; that when, you replace the elec-
tricity in your, weakened nerves and organs you will regain the full
vigor of your young manhood. Thousands of young men, acting upon
this theory, are now restored to what Nature intended them— strong
and vigorous specimens of manly power. The means used was Dr?
Sanden's Electric Belt. /
Seminal Emissions Cured.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Feb. 4, 1897.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: When I bought your Belt I had doctored for a
year, paying one doctor $250 for treatment. I had severe pains all over my body,
and especially in my back. I was so far run down and so weak from seminal emis-
sions as to be entirely unfit for work. Now, after wearing your Belt, lam entirely
cured, and cannot recommend it too highly. Yours truly,
JOHN LUNN, 12 Sacramento street.
To the Middle-Aged Man.
Some men are happily able to parley with Nature for years without
being called upon to pay the penalty of their early indiscretions; some
who take good care of themselves through early manhood and are very
strong men until they pass their thirtieth year; then begin by excesses
and dissipation to waste their vital force/and in a few years they are
physically incompetent, mentally exhausted and prematurely aged. To
these Electricity offers an aid. Its recuperative power is wonderful.
It carries an inexhaustible supply of vital force into the overtaxed
nerves, arousing their dormant state and saturating them with the mag-
netic force which is the rightful possession of a middle-aged man in the
full power and vigor of manhood. Mind and body are charged with this
animal electricity, and manhood is expressed in' the glance of the eye;
the healthy body is backed by a vigorous, active brain.
A Wonderful Cure.
_ _, SAN FRANCISCO. January 16, 1897.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: When I bought your Belt I had given up all hope
of regaining my health, being broken down entirely, physically and mentally inca-
pacitated, being unable to do my work, and tortured with the idea that there was no
hope for me. 1 had a severe pain in my back all the time. I had tried so many
doctors, without deriving any good result from any of them, that I decided nothing
of that kind could do anything for me. Now, sir, after a fair and thorough trial of
your Belt, 1 am completely restored to my old, health. I never felt better in my life,
am perfectly able to do all my work as it should be done, and ready for anything.
I will recommend your Belt cheerfully to any one afflicted as 1 was. Yours truly,
. _. '■ _ G. W. AMSTEIN,
Foreman St. Nicholas Hotel Laundry. Residence, 835 Castro street, S. F.
To the Old Man.
Some men are old at 40; others are young at 60. It all depends
upon how they have treated themselves in their passage over the rocks
and shoals of a busy life. It is sad to note that few have preserved
until old age the reserve force which Nature gives them to keep up the
fires of manly energy to the time when the sun of life begins to pale
and the shadows begin to fall. It is a great happiness to know that to
men who feel themselves growing old too soon Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt, with its life-giving power, is fully qualified to check the progress
of old age. It stirs up the embers which are growing cold, and fans
into flame the spark which has lost its brilliancy. Vital force and
energy of manhood are within the reach of every man who is not totally
wrecked in his constitution. While the ordinary bodily strength re-
mains it is a simple matter to arouse the vital forces with Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt, It is a life-giver.
Forty-five Years a Rheumatic.
FOUTS SPRINGS, CAL., Jan. 18, 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have now been wearing your Electric Belt
a little more than seven months. First 1 got a No. sas an experiment, which was
not strong enough for my case. Afterward 1 got a stronger one.- Mine was a very
aggravated and long continued case of rheumatism and nervous debility. I had been
afflicted with rheumatism for forty-five years, the last three years of which period 1
suffered greatly from nervous debility. lam now wonderfully improved. My nerv-
ous trouble is nearly gone. The parts are fast assuming theirnatural size and shape.
Action of my heart, which was greatly disturbed, is now nearly normal. Although
we are having a very disagreeable winter, 1 feel no rheumatic trouble. lam now
nearly 62 years of age, and I consider my improvement almost miraculous. I shall
not fail to recommend your Belt to all sufferers. Yours truly, W. H. STAPP.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
The remedy which will check the progress of wasting decay in
young men, revive the slumbering energies in men of middle age and
make old men forget that they are old, is a boon, the value of which
can only be measured by the intensity of enjoyment to be had out of
life when you have all that life offers with which to enjoy it. To be
strong is the aim of all men ; to make them strong is the aim of Dr.
Sanden. That his sole ambition in life may be realized in as great a
degree as possible, he has published a .book which he names "Three
Classes of Men." A pocket edition of this work will be given or sent
free to any young, middle-aged or old man who desires to better him-
self, physically or mentally. By mail it is closely sealed. If possible,
call upon Dr. Sanden, examine and test this wonderful invention of his
free of charge, see what he has to say ahout your — what his Belt
will do for you — all free, and get the names of dozens . of prominent
business men and others in this city who have acknowledged their re-
covery of manly power through the use of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
****** 'ii t_ °~ ■> ■"* '''*t~- >>f."*»-f *
Call or address
■ :t ;*s_____xr:D__a:Kr _e:i_i_e:oth.io 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Anc-ole* Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
KOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— OSS Marker, street.
34
CAMERON ALSO A
FRIEND OF CRETE
Offers a Resolution of Sym
pathy Which the Senate
Adopts.
Labor Commission Measure Side
tracked for Indian Appro
priations.
Question of Voting Government Money
for Sectarian Schools Causes a
Lively Debate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.— In
the Senate to-day the following resolu
tion was offered by Cameron (R.) of Penn
sylvania and agreed to without objection:
Resolved, That the Senate of the United
States, being mindful o! the sympathy of the
people of the United States expressed for the
Greeks at the time of their war for independ
ence, now extendi a like sympathy to the Gov
ernment with its Intervention ln behalf ot the
people of the island of Crete tor the purpose
of freeing them from the tyranny of foreign
oppressors and to restore peace, with tne
blessings i I Christian civilization, to that dis
tressed island.
On motion of Quay (R.)of Pennsylvania
the Senate took up for consideration the
bill passed by the House last session, au
thorizing appointment of a non-partisan
commission to collate information and to
consider and recommend legislation to
meet the problems presented by labor, ag
riculture and capital.
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut opposed it as
the "most remarkable bill, both in its de
tails and purpose, ever presented to Con
gress." It proposed to offset the "govern
ment by injunction" by the "government
by commission." That commission was
to be composed of three men representa
tive of labor, three men representative of
manufacturing and three men representa
tive of business. This involved an expen
diture of $90,000 a year lor officials alone.
Allison (R.) of lowa, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, interrupted
Piatt with a motion to lay the bill aside
and proceed with the appropriation bills.
Quay objected to that. He said he had
called the bill up at the request of the
great labor organizations of the country,
which believed it to be a measure of great
magnitude and importance.
Allison said he felt it his duty to test
the sense of the Senate on the motion to
proceed with the Indian appropriation
bill, and he accordingly made that mo
tion.
Quay, by way of compromise, asked
unanimous consent that the vote on the
labpr commission bill be taken on the Ist
of March at 3:30 p. m.
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut objected.
After further desultory talk Allison
moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill.
Hill demanded the ayes and noes, and j
expressed the hope that the friends of the '
labor commission bill would vote down j
the motion.
The motion was agreed to ayes 34, I
noes 25.
The Senate then proceeded to the con- !
sideration of the Indian appropriation
bill. When the paragraphs were leached
to pay the Pottawattomie Indians various |
sums in severalty under the treaties made '
as far back as 1795, Allen (Pop.) of
Nebraska said he should like to have the '
members of the Appropriations Commit
tee explain why they were guilty of the
crime of imposing on the benighted In
dians a money worth, according to some i
Senators, but 50 cents on the dollar. A
dollar that was dishonest for the white
man ought to be dishonest for the red ,
man.
This question provoked considerable
discussion, in the course of which the de
cision ol the Supreme Court in the income
tax case was brought up. Allen said:
"Mr. Justice Shiras owes it to the coun
try to say -why he so suddenly changed
front on that subject. This change was so
radical and so extreme that the man will
go into history under a cloud nnless he ex
plains to the country what motives intia
encea him to change his position on the
Income tax case."
Consideration of the Dill was proceeded
with. The question of Indian schools
came up on the item appropriating $1200
for that purpose, to which item the Com
mittee on Indian Affairs had reported an
amendment providing that the Secretary
of the Interior may use $5000 for the edu
cation of Indians in Alaska; provided
mat the Secretary of the Interior may
make contracts with the contract schools,
apportioning the amount among the
'Chools of the various denominations, but
shall only make such contracts at places
where non-sectarian schools cannot be
provided and to an amount not exceeding
40 per centum of the amount so used for
the fiscal year ISI*S; provided furtner, that
the act shall no; apply to public schools
or to schools specifically provided for.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts opposed
the amendment as something which
might entirely undo tne work of last ses
sion in returning to sectarisn Indian
schools.
The amendment was defended by Sena
tors Hawley (P..) of Connecticut and
Teller (R.) of Colorado on the ground that
the schools would have to be continued
for another year or the children would
have to be turned away.
Gallinger (R.) of New Hampshire, in
the course of his remarks, said that every
church bat one in the United States re
fused to take money from tho Govern
ment for Indian education.
"What church does not refuse to take
It?" Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska asked.
•'The Roman Catholic church," Gallin
ger replied.
"I do not mean to arraign that church,"
said Allen, "but I am absolutely, irrevo
cably and eternally opposed to voting a
dollar for education in sectarian or religi
ous schools."
Hawley defended the amendment. He
was not a Catholic, he said, but it was a
aith honest held by an immense num
ber of people! It was a church of tremen
dous organization and executive power.
The two houses last session were some
what merciful in tbe matter in permitting
Indian children to learn to read under a
Catholic priest for a little time until other
schools could be organized.
Tbat was all that was proposed in the
amendment — that the Indian children
should not be turned out of school — and
in the meantime efforts should be made
to establish non-sectarian schools. He
never had such a prejudice against Cath
olic schools tna; he would not prefer to
see his child go there rather than have
him run the streets as a loafer. *
Pettigrew (Si!.) of South Dakota, chair
man of the Indian Committee, supported
the resolution.
Wilson (R.) of Washington said that
after the Government spending fifteen
millions on Indian -schools be bad yet to
see a siDgle Indian who had received the
slightest benefit from them, and be urged
Gallinger to say whether the statement
was corre.t.
Gallinger admitted that it was.
Palmer (D.) of Illinois argued that the
Senate should not permit itself to be
drawn into a controversy about the "mis
erable question of denominational control
of Indian schools.'' His own feeling was
that the good men and good women of
various churches who laa done such
praiseworthy work among the Indians
should not be abandoned by tne Govern
ment; but the Secretary of the Interior
•feould be permitted to make contract^
I with such religious schools as existed
j among the Indians.
Lodge said lie did not tnink that Con
gress ought to appropriate money for
Presbyterian schools, Episcopal schools,
; Methodist schools or Baptist schools, and
i he waited for any Senator to say that he
' was attacking those .-eels. He wanted to
I see an exhibition of that sensitiveness
! which was displayed when lie claimed
) that Congress ought not to appropriate
: money tor the only church which now
received Government money for schools.
| He no more attacked the Roman Catholic
I church than he attacked the Baptist or
, Presbyterian or the Episcopal church.
He said no sect as such should receive
Government money and he believed in
that principle. He was not to be deterred
' from saying so by the outcry that he was
j illiberal".
Teller denied the statement of Wilson
that the large amount spent on Indian
education had been without any good re
sult, and Pettigrew sustained Teller's
view, saying that there were now in the
gallery some highly educated Sioux In
dians.
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts- eulogized
the Catholic church for its adhesion to the
constitutional right of ail Christian bodies
to stand on un entire equality before the
law. He understood that the lenders and
the great authorities of that church recog
nized that policy. He had heard the emi
nent pulpit orator who had just been
called to the head of the great Catholic
[University in Washington (Dr. Conaty)
-. declare in a farewell speech to the people
of Worcester, Mass., where he had been
living for twenty-live years, his devotion
I to the authority and principles oi the
j constitution of the United States, and say
that he owed his right to be a Catholic
■ and his right to advocate his religious
: faith to the, humane and just provisions
i of the constitution of the United States,
which declared all Christian bodies on an
equality.
Mantle (R.) of Montana argued against
I appropriations for sectarian education,
j and offered an amendment appropriating
$1,030,000 for the purchase, lease, repair
and construction of school buildings and
for the purchase of school sites forTndian
pupils.
Gallinger modified the qualified assent
: which he had given to Wilson's assertion
: that there was not an educated Indian in
* the United States. He did not mean to
be so understood. What he meant to
j give his assent to was that for the very
: large expenditure of money made for In
dian schools the result was disappointing.
Allen ridiculed the idea of payment of
denominational scboois as a union ot
church and state, and said that just as
well might the payment of a Union gen
■ eral who rode in the storm of battle at
, the head of his troops and who was a
; Catholic be called a union of church and
\ state.
The bill was laid aside without action
on the school amendment, unanimous
consent being given to have the vote
taken ou Monday at 1 r. m.
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut mentioned a
j bill relating to legal procedure in tbe Ter
i ritories, which he wanted to have passed a
'. few days ago, but to which Hill had ob
. jected. He expressed the hope that Hill
j would not object to it again on Monday
; next, when he would again call it up, as it
; affected the case of four men who had
I been sentenced to be hanged in the In-
J dian Territory next Tuesday.
Senate bill to grant a "right of way
i through the Fort Spokane military reser
vation in Washington to the St. Paul, Mm
I neapolis and Manitoba Railroad Company,
l was passed.
The Senate then went into executive ses
sion and at 5:30 adjourned until Monday.
FAMILY ROW i.V THE HOUSE.
Caused by an Item to Refund Sums
Withheld From Absentees.
WASHINGTON, P. C, Feb. 20.— A little
family affair occurred in the House when
it met today. A motion had been made
to strike out in the general deficiency bill
an item of $12,202 to enable the Sergeant
at-Arms to refund the amounts withheld
from the salaries of members on account
of absence. : ;..?*V.
Savers (D.) of Texas, a member of the
Appropriations Committee, explained how
t!.e committee came to allow the amount.
Savers showed how the committee had
decided that the money could not be de
ducted. He did not believe in refunding
it, however, and would vote against the
item, He referred to the attack made
yesterday on the item by Hopkins (R.) of
Illinois and the statement showing now
many times Hopkins had not responded
to rollcalls.
Hopkins contended in reply that this
was an attempt to get the Republican
House to wash tbe dirty linen of the Dem
ocratic Fifty-third Congress. He said
that Savers could have put the item in a
deficiency bill while chairman of the Ap
propriations Committee, out had waited to
unload it upon a Republican Congress.'
During the debate Johnson (R.) of In
diana and the chairman of the committee
of the whole (P»yne of New York) had a
lively interchange of words and consider
able confusion ensued. Finally, however,
the chairman ordered Johnson to sit
down, and he complied.
When the debate had ended Bartiett
(D.) of New York caused some astonish
ment by making the point of order
that , members individually interested
financially in any question were no: per
mitted to vote on that question under the
rules providing that uo member can vote
on a question if he has direct personal or
pecuniary interest in it.
The chair expressed the opinion that
each gentleman might decide the question
of his interest for himself, and on a rising
vote the item was retained in the bill — 113
to 55.
The bill had been disposed of, with the
exception of the item to pay $1,310,427 to
tne Southern Pacific Company on judg
ments found by the Court of Claims,
when it was agreed that three hours' de
bate should be given to that parnpraph.
. Bartiett (D.) of New York occupied
twenty minutes in defending the Supreme
Court and aaswering attacks made on the
court by DeArraond (D. of Missouri and
McMillin (D.) ot Tennessee, who last
week criticized Justice Shiras.
Replying to Bartiett McMillin said that
he intended his remarks to be an attack
on Justice Shiras, and if it was not be was
willing and ready now, or at any other
time, to renew it nnd make it so.
Replying to Bartlett's remarks referring
to him as a Democrat, he said he did not
recognize the right of the gentleman from
New York to dictate to him what he
should say or how he should act. He had
been able to conduct himself properly
and did not intend to be lectured by any
one who bad taken his bag and baggage
and left the Democratic party.
"I have said,'' continued McMillin,
"that the man who had torn down the
rights of the people of the United States
was named Shiras. I propose to say
something later about that individual. I
am glad I have got through his thick bide
at last."
Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania informed
the House that he intended to reply to the
criticisms of Justice Shiras by Messrs. Mc-
Millin and DeArmond.
The committee then lose and at 4:22
o'clock adjourned.
Death of Lady Wnllaee.
LONDON. Esc, Feb. Lady Wal
lace, widow ot Sir Richard Wallace, who
was a naturalist and a friend of the for
mer Marquis of Hereford, has just died.
She left a priceless collection of pictures
and works of art to the nation in accord
ance with her husband's wish. The col
lection includes some of the finest works
of the French masters, which are valued at
over £1,000,000.
I.nyletnd Has a Counter Claim.
LONDON, KM., Feb. 20.— 1t is con
sidered highly improbable that Great
Britain will pay the sum of upward of
$-.000,000 asked for by the Boer Govern
ment for indemnity. She bas a counter
claim of over $5,000,000, arising from the
costs of Sir Charles Warren's expedition
against the Boer raiders into Bechuana
lai.d, wbich tbe Transvaal has not yet
paid.
a—ea—a
i flatulence Is cored by JBuchak _ Puxa.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
ALL REGULARS
ARE INTERESTED
General Doe's Proposition to
Change Discharges Not
Approved.
Military Committee of the Senate
Favors Increasing the Army
Strength.
Hawley's Bill Amended ani Two New
R-giments of Artillery to Be
Created
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 20.— The
proposition of the Assistant Secretary of
War to modify army regulations relating
to discharges, and to do away with all
kinds of discharges except one, has been
referred to the commanding general and
adjutant-general for consideration and
report. According to General Doe's sug
gestion what may be called for conveni
ence an honorary discbarge is to be
printed on parchment and a dishonorable
discharge is to be printed on paper.
On the face of neither Kind of discharge
will there appear any word or words to
indicate the character of the soldier, ex
cept at the bottom of the honorable dis
charge, where there will be a coupon, to
remain or be detached, according to cir
cumstances, reading: "The service of the
soldier has been honest and faithful."
General Dol, before transmitting his
proposition to General Miles and General
Ruggies, decided to put on the face of the
discharge this sentence: "The military
record of the soldier whose name appears
hereon will be found on the back of this
paper."
This will appear about the middle of the
page, just above the data relating to the
date, etc., of the soldier's enlistment. The
adjutant-general on his indorsement on
the paper states that be does not see the
necessity at present for any change. The
major-general commanding has con
curred in the opinion. The matter is now
before the Secretary. The question of the
military and naval cadets coming to
Washington on Inauguration day has not
been decided by Congress.
The Senate Committee on Military Af
fairs discussed the question at its last
meeting, but a majority of the committee
not being present no formal vote was had.
A special meeting of the committee has
been called for nei' Monday, when the
matter will be disposed of. The vote will i
be favorable, according to present indica
tions.
The House committee has referred the
resolution of that body to the Secretary of
War for a recommendation. Thus far the
Secretary has not replied. The committee
will take no action until his answer is re
ceived atid considered. It is of interest to
state in this connection, that when
the resolution was called up in the com
mittee last Tuesday a motion to postpone
action indefinitely was voted down by a
considers.!*- le majority. This would seem
to indicate that the committee is favor
able to the idea of bringing the cadets
here.
The Senate Committee on Military Af
fairs agreed last week to report to the
Senate a proposition to increase the artil
lery. General Hawley was instructed by
tbe committee to make a report. The
proposition of the committee is to amend
the Hawley bill to reorganize the line of
the army. It became evident to the com
mittee some time ago tbat there was no
probability of the general's measure being
adopted at tbis session.
Owing to representations made by Gen
• eral Miles, and because of their individual
i knowledge of the military requirements,
i members of the committee decided that it
was important that the artillery should
|be increased at once. Accordingly the
I committee adopted an amendment to the
Hawley bill, which in its judgment meets
the immediate necessities.
On Monday Senator Hawley reported
the amendment to the Senate. The
amendment reads as follows : "Strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert
the following: That the artillery of the
army shall consist of seven regiments and
that the total number of enlisted men in
j the army of the United States, including
i Indian scouts and the hospital corps, shall
be increased 1,600.
Section 2. That each regiment of artil
lery shall consist of one colonel, one
lieutenant-colonel, three majors, twelve
captaina, fourteen first lieutenants, twelve
second lieutenants, 1 sergeant-major, one
quartermaster-sergeant, one chief mu
sician, two principal musicians and
twelve oatterles; provided that two bat
teries of each regiment may, in the
discretion of the President, be organ
ized as field artillery, and each
battery tbat may be so organized shall
have, in addition to the battery now au
thorized by law, four corporals, 2 farriers
and 1 saddler; and provided further that
each of remaining batteries which are not
organized as field artillery may, in the
discretion of the President, have two ad
ditional sereeants.
"Sec 3. That all vacancies created or
caused by this act shall be filled by pro
motion, according to seniority, from the"
next grade in the array, and the existing
provisions of law governing examinations
tor promotion shall apply to appointments
made under this act.
"Sec. 4. That this act shall take effect
July 11, 1597, and all laws or parts of laws
in conflict with this act are hereby re
pealed." j
CRUEL EXAMINER
FAKE EXPOSED,
Continued from Third Page.
kill Pete Olsen. The Examiner's story is
entirely false in reference to my killing
Olsen. I lived in Wooden Valley at the
time of the murder, so I suppose the Ex
aminer means me. Well, I am not the
man, and I never heard of Olssn's death.
Moreover, on the night of the murder and
the day following, I was around the house,
keeping a sharp lookout. I was not out
with Oliver and Capell. My house was
within half a mile of the Lyons house."
Herman Lyons said: -"That is all bosh
about Frank Grigsby killing Pete Olsen.
I would have known something about it,
for I was the most interested part)-. Why,
Frank was hardly away from the bouse
and he wasn't with Capell and Bush
Oliver. The skull that was found is noth
ing. Pete Olsen had a full set of strong
teeth, yet only one tooth was found. A
skull could have been placed there by any
designing person. No other human bones
were found, although a diligent search
was made. Moreover, I .raced him for
nine or ten miles, and traces were found
of him in Sulphur Creek, in Lake County,
and Pete Olsen is yet a free man."
And here is what came from a cor
respondent at Chico in regard to the Ex
aminer's cruel fake:
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 20.— One of the prin
cipals in tne shooting of Murderer Olsen,
as told by the Examiner, was seen in this
city to-day by a Cali. correspondent and
he emphatically denies ever having par
ticipated in the hunt for Olsen as stated
by the Examiner. This man is Bush
Oliver, to whom the Examiner accredits
the source of a great deal of its informa
tion regarding the killing of the mur
derer. Mr. Oliver is foreman of the Napa
and Salinas Mining Company's property
in Butte County, which is known as the
Best mine.and when interviewed yesterday
was very indignant over the undesirable
prominence which the fake story has given
him. Mr. Oliver said that at the time of
Mrs. Lyons' murder he did not live near
the scene of the tragedy, and that he did
not participate in the hunt in any manner.
"I never knew either Frank Grigsby or
Ben Capell, whom the Examiner, says
were with me, until five years afterward,"
said Mr. Oliver. "At the time of the mur
der I lived twenty-two miles from the
Lyons place and did not know any of the
parties mentioned, excepting Olsen and a
passing acquaintance with Lyons, from
whom I occasionally purchased wood.
Olsen at one time worked for B. F. Bush,
the present Sheriff of Napa County. After
working for Bush some time Olsen went
to Wooden Valley. Of course, the entire
county was greatly excited by the news of
the terrible murder, but I did not go near
Wooden Valley during that time. At one
time when, I met Sheriff Harris I told him
it was my opinion that Olsen would en
deavor to reach Grizzly Island, where he
had friends, and from there make his way
to the bay.' That is the only time I saw
the Sheriff during the hunt for the mur
derer. Five years afterward I rented the
Combs ranch in Wooden Valley, and then
for tbe first time became acquainted with
Grigsby and Capell, with whom the Ex
aminer gives me credit cf being associated
at the time of the supposed Killing of
Olsen.
"At this time these two men were era
ployed on the ranch of my predecessor
and they remained with me for four years.
I have heard them tell the story of the
hunt for Olsen many times, and never did
either of them ever mention having fired
sixteen shots, as the Examiner stated.
In fact they did not fire a single shot, so
far as I know, and at no time did I ever
say that they did, or that I went to
Grigsby when he fired. There was a man
named Oliver who owned the Stevens
place, but he lived in San Francisco at
the time of the excitement. The only
part of the whole Examiner story having
any resemblance to tbe truth are the facts
of the murder and the finding of a
skull. This skull was found on my ranch
by a man named Samuels and is said to
bear some resemblance to Olsen's head,
but whether it is his skull or not I cannot
say."
Mr. Oliver \vas very emphatic in his
denial as to the Examiner's fake inter
view, and he branded the story of the
shooting of Olsen as a rank prevarication.
Thus it is the "Monatch of the Fakers"
day after day continues to impress upon
the public that it is solicitous of the
truth, but its stories are disproven almost
as fast as they are manufactured and put
in print.
MAJOR McKINLEY RECOVERED.
Having Regained His Health the President-
Elect Completes' His Inaugural
Address.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 20.— Major Mc-
Kinley has recovered his health. He put
tbe finishing touches to his inaugural ad
dress to-day, and did a good deal of work
of a public and personal nature.
He had one caller, Senator J. C. Pritch- j
ard of North Carolina, who came to sug- I
gest Colonel James E. Boyd of his State j
for i*. Cabinet portfolio. Senator Pritchard !
said be had a satisfactory talk with the I
President-elect and that the selection of |
Mr. Gary would doubtless deprive North j
Carolina of representation in the Cabinet.
"Major McKinley thinks well of Colonel
Boyd," said Senator Pritchard, 'and we
are all of the opinion that he deserves
recognition for the excellent work he has
done."
Colonel Myron T. Heirick of Cleveland
arrived in Canton this eveninc and will
spend Sunday with Major McKinley.
Colonel Herrick says he has no informa
tion about the appointment of Mr. Hanna
to be Senator.
Word has been received here that J. A.
Porter, Major McKinley's private secre
tary, has been ill with the grip. He will
not come to Canton again, but go to Wash
ington the first of next week.
There is authority for the statement
that the President-elect has not selected
an Embassador to Great Britain and that
the post has not been offered to Chauncey
M. Depew.
The story that Joseph McKenna of Cali
fornia had been attacked by a secret order
and will not be in tbe Cabinet is without
foundation.
Governor Bradley of Kentucky will be
here Sunday.
Bury the Hatchet.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 20. — The
aquatic differences of the big varsities
which have been agitating the collegiate
world for the past month were harmoni
ously and finally adjusted at a meeting of
the representatives of Yale, Harvard, Cor
nell, University of Pennsylvania and Co
lumbia, held in this city to-day.
It was decided that all the races would
be held on the Hudson, at Poughkeepsie.
The Harvard. Cornell and Yale Varsity
race was fixed for June 25. As this is
Harvard class day, the Crimson, if she so
desires, can have the race fixed a day ear
lier.
The freshman race was fixed for June.
Of course Cornell's ageement with Colum
bia and Pennsylvania called for a race be
tween the three, and accordingly the date
for their Varsity encounter will be July 2
and for the freshmen race June 30.
This will give the crimson and white a
Utile time to recover from the effects of
their other struggles. JESS
The meeting to-day was most harmoni
ous, and the outcome was most satisfac
tory to all the Harvard and Yale gradu
ates in this city, who were more than
anxious to see the hatchet buried.
■•
Races at Sam Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. La., Feb. 20.—Three-quar
ters of a mile.Tragedy won. Ettaire second.May
Apsley third. Time, I :2OJ_.
Three-quarters ot a mile, Henrica won, Sur
veyor second. Double Dummy third. Time.
I:2OJ_.
One mi'e, Renac.l woo, Bizarre second. Sir
John tbirk. Time. 1:51%.
Seven-eighths of a mile. Domingo won. nob
Clampitt second. Springtime third. Time.
1 :36?^.
Three-fourths of a mile. In Command won
Jim Maa-lox second, C. C. KuiariU th__a
Time, 1:23. "
Three-fonrtbs of a mile, Katharine won.
Prince of India, second, Gratia lv.id. 'limit.
1:20%.
Bound Orer at Etna.
ETNA. Cal., Feb. 2).— Simon Cunzelle
was today bound over under $2000 bond!
by Justice Sullivan to answer before the
Superior Court for having attempted to
kill -Jack" Miller, a half-breed Indian, at
the South Fork of the Salmon.
BALFOUR RISKS
PLACE AND FAME
His Educational Bill Ap
proaches a Critical
Period.
*
All the Power of the Government
Will Hardly Save the
. Measure.
Rhodes Blames Jimeson for the Trans
vaa Riid— Preparing to Fight
the Derv shes.
LONDON, England, Feb. 20.— The edu
cational bill, on which Mr. Balfour has
risked his place and reputation, ap
proaches it really critical period as it is
now entering the committee stage.
Amendments upon amendments are al
ready filed on every leading clause, and
the Government may, in order to get the
bill passed before the end of March, resort
even to the severe measure of suspending
the 12 o'clock recess and repeated closure
motions; yet even with the most ample
nse of their powers to admit the bill to
debate it is thought unlikely that it will
pull through.
The Transvaal raid committee will fin
ish hearing evidence and report to the
House by the end of May. Some of the
members of the committee who might be
presumed to know look forward to an
earlier date, but the long list of intending
witnesses point to May.
' Besides Mr. Rhodes, Lord Rosmead, Sir
James Power, Mr. James and Sir J. Wil
loughby, with some leaders in the raid,
and the Duke of Fife with several repre
sentative directors of the Chartered Com
pany are to be heard.
There is talk also of summoning a lady
having business connections and most in
timate relations with two of the directors
of the Chartered Company, who is said to
holdall the threads of the events which
led op to the raid. From one who is in
timately acquainted with the inside facts
of the raid and who personally knows
every detail of the inner history it is
learned that Mr. Rhodes and collateral
testimony will prove that the raid was an
act authorized by Jameson alone, and that
while Rhodes was cognizant of the exist
ence ol Jameson's forces on the Transvaal
border, it was his understanding that the
force would not be used in any hostile
demonstration.
Late news from Cairo fixes tha start of
the expedition on the Upper Nile lor
June. The Egyptian force will total 22,- ,
| 000 strengthened by Anglo-Indian forces
to a grand total of 32,000. The new gun
j boats are being completed in England for
i the expedition to carry each six machine
guns with one twelve-pounder. They
have only two feet of draught, are twin
screw boats and carry their big gun for
ward.
Six of these formidable craft will be at
the* service of the expedition, and will
carry the most terrible weapons of war
the dervishes have yet encountered.
Although the Queen has been back at
Windsor from Osborne for nearly a week,
she is engaged daily with members of the
royal family, court officials and others in
connection with the arrangements for the
__^__W_-^j____ff_f ______g—> '*" -**A*^T''?» i/tams***** 1 "^v*" *■ ""^r "'■■ '- *r 4_J ___Fa__s_____P_____^ r** *& \iP^'- jSSf
zf7 t t\C&i jus * .r r i
I ra fi a ty* umi ffu"\ H /^ ILi
Just one week from to-day will see tho approach of March.
Ice and snow will give way to flowors and herbs. Are you pre-
pared for the spring ? You have housed the blood up this
winter, you must now think of cleansing and purifying the
blood. Why are you now thin ? Why aro you now pale ? Why
have you no appetite? Why is your skin dry, sallow and
yellow? Do you know? Well, your blood is impoverished.
Pure blood is the life of the body, and when pure blood flows
through tho body you feel joy in ovory limb.
F^TJFI.^I BLOOD
Is composed of liquor sanguine, rod and white blood corpuscles
and the earthy phosphates, which aw essential constituents in
every organ and tissue in the body. Pure blood is made from
pure food. The systom naturally craves for a food that contains
a substance of which some one of tho tissues or organs is de-
ficient When the blood is robbed of tho best elements your
liver becomes torpid, your bowels constipated, your kidneys act
imperfectly, and a gonoral debility results.
sY:_vt:__PTC>:Mfei.
When you take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you will be re-
lieved of these symptoms: Tired reelings, staggering sensa-
tions, palpitation of tho heart, memory poor, rush of Mood to
the head, dizziness, ringing in oars, dimnessof vision* headache,
coated tongue, swimmings, constipation, pain in baok, night
sweats, chilly sensations, loss of energy and THE PIMPLES OX
YOUR FAC i.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
CX7JR.JI3I9.
it is i remedy containing California horbs— herbs that yon
see in dells, alleys, fields and mountain lops. It is puvely
tablet II is a good laxative. l
33 m _p»oh us warn rarx
'1 he X.1,.;,. v. Jr,y Company is a corporation, an.l Is not owned \>v any dm^-ore
A Jew drq«_i-M are fight ing ha native r «medy because it is native Yh£v XiVr Ih
Kind, iit «Mf»luuUa m-.i « io all they nan to fight what is native. Whet ™ 3sk toi
ivy . Veg«UJii« »■.".„»,._, .... BMttei when— alwa*?B insist. "
! diamond jubilee ceremonials. The Em
| press Frederic* and Princess Beatrice are
with her. W • v- : . ,
W The story goes that she has given her
patronage to" a scheme of the Child
land of Hope Union (whose jubilee is
! next year) lor obtaining a million more
j adult" teetotalers in the ranks of the van
! 0l The C Queen, through Sir Arthur Bigge,
has written to Mr. Bayard her thanks tor
receiving "The Book of the Pilgrimage,
i a record of the visit of the American Con
| gregationalists to England and Holland
j last summer. '
SEVEN GAS EXPLOSIONS.
Chicago Disaster That Terribly Injures
Ten Persons and Causes Great Dam-
age to Buildings.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 20.— Seven explo
sions of natural gas at 7 o'clock this morn
ing in the engine-room of the Chicago
Chronicle, at 164 and 166 Washington
street, badly shattered t! c basement and
business office and injured ten persons,
five of them seriously.
The pipe, leading from the street sprang
j a leak and the explosion was caused by
ignition from electric light wires.
John McMillan, the foreman of the
pressroom, was the most seriously injured
and hi. recovery in doubtful.
He was blown against the wall and
badly burned. One arm was so badly
crushed that it will probably have to be
I amputated. Larry Hardgrave, the en
* gineer, was blown thirty feet and badly
injured internally. John Stenger, a press
man, was seriously burned about the face.
John Wheeler, a driver for Case & Mar
tin, who was standing in front of the
' Chronicle office, was blown half way
j across the street, and Charles Williams,
who was standing on the sidewalk over
the gaspipe was blown as high as the sec
ond story of the building and badly in
jured. Matthew Baines, a mailer, was
severely burned.
A few minutes after the explosion flames
leaped through the basement and con
{ sumed the business office and destroyed
the Western Union Telegraph Company's
j branch office adjoining. All the wires
j leading to the office, including those used
by the United Associated Presses, were
broken.
The editorial rooms of the Chronicle
: were flooded by water and badly damaged
,by smoke. The force of the shock from
j the explosion broke every plate-glass win
-1 dow in the building and tore up the side
walk in front of the office.
The wall separating the pressroom of
j the Chronicle from that of the Journal
; was blown down and the water from the
I fire engines flooded the presses and
damaged the large stock of paper.
Horatio Seymour, publisher of the
i Chronicle, estimates the damage at $10,000.
j The presses are not damaged, he says, and
• the publication of the Sunday morning
i paper will not be interfered with.
WOLCOTT IB NOT DISCOURAGED.
The Senator Says the Outlook for Bl-
mttallism Is Favorable.
LONDON, Exo., Feb. 20.— United States
Senator Woicott returned to London yes
terday from Berlin. He was in good
spirits and looked as though his trip to
Europe had benefited his health. He told
a United Associated Press reporter that
he was not discouraged by the outlook for
bimetallism, which he implied was favora
ble. He has been well received every
where. He had always traveled in bis
private capacity and had not seen any
body officially. He and his family will
return to the United States on Wednesday
next, sailing on the steamer Majestic.
"Omaha Kid" and Solly Smith.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 03car
Gardner, the "Omaha Kid," bas accepted
the offer of the Broadway Athletic Club
of New York to light Solly Smith on
March 18 for a $3000 purse. Gardner wi'l
go to New York next week to train. The
men are to weigh in at 118 pounds the
evening of the tight.
HEW to-sat:
Doctoring }
Sick
— People
Experienced and skillful
physicians who practice
their profession of relieving
suffering humanity on new
and up-to-date lines. A fair,
square business proposition
that can be relied upon. We
do exactly as we say. We
treat you and we cure you ;
and we do it for
FIVE DOLLARS
per month
and
all
medicines
free!
There are none of the
druggists' extortionate
charges. We supply every-
thing and charge nothing
extra. All diseases treated,
particularly stomach disor-
ders, kidney and liver trou-
bles, and CATARRH and
THROAT troubles. If you
are a sufferer and cannot
call, our mail treatment will
be found invariably effective.
Write for our symptom
blanks, and we will tell you
what treatment is necessary.
Copeland Medical Institute,
916 Market Street,
OVER BEAMIHH-S.
Offlce hours: 9to 12— 2 to 5— 7 to 8.
Sundays and holidays, 10 to la only.
____a__H__________p | *- i -*""" ii '*___i_a__p_______^MMi
THE
WEEKLY
CWLL
of It Publishes the Cream of the
ex News of the Week and
©< MANY, ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
CX PAPER ON THB
ol PACIFIC COAST
q) Always Republican, but Always
cJ ' Fair and Impartial in Its
j-J Rendering of the Po*
3/ litical News. '"'.
0/ It's the Paper to Send East 11
©/ You Want to Advertise
©c California.
ol -_.
rJ "" \"" /Z
°\ The Best \ / Mining
©< Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on / V Is Accurate
J The Coast / \& up to data
©\ Not a Line of It Sensational '
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
lit Dry or Uninteresting.
*n A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J I I Bright, Clean, A Champion of j
OC Thoughtful. I Truth.. I
o< -' '- — — -"_*
<J A CAIirORNU NEWSPAKti
J ALL THE TIME.
°_ IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
04 HOME MAIL, 51.59
cJ IVWJSI KItS A YEAR.
2 —
3 1 lit CALL SPEAKS FOR All.
.
THE PAINTER \
HAS RC^VOVGO TC
379 hission sr.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
JfHATtV.fc* ft. r»\W,lr*s W.^KNKY-AT.
V l«Tv*nd *..- ,-,-. I .-.*>;,.. ««■ -M«. , »-,.. cppai
sits Tfilftc* H'etrt. lVlfs^fcone STO. Sesidesc* lt*»l
•FeS -street. T«qp?>on« * Ftta**} " 4_**i.BABIES' DAY AT
CLOVERDALE'S FAIR
Crowing Youngsters Pose
in Competition for
Prizes.
Visitors See the Most H'ghly
Pr.z.-d of the Valley's
Products
Awards Granted lo Deserving Ex
fa. bitors in the Great Carni
val Pavilion
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 20.— The
citrus fair was favored to-day with the
brieht, sniny and comparatively balmy
winter weather that usually prevails in
this end of the valley at this time of year.
It was the first really tine day ofthe lair,
and the people turned out to take advan
tage of it. At 11 o'clock in the morning
an excursion train arrived from San Fran
cisco and way towns, and a number of
Old Oaken Bucket and "Well Curb Made of Lemons.
San Franciscans came to the orange show
on the evening train. Among the vis
itors was a party headed by H. J. Crocker,
who has a ranch in this vicinity and an
exhibit at the fair.
At noon the town crier was let loose.
The town crier of Cloverdale in this in
stance was a country urchin, typical in
torn hat, overalls and expo-ed suspenders. j
He rang a bell and shouted between the
jangles of its tongue that there would be a I
grand baby show at the pavilion at 3:30
o'clock in the afternoon.
He shouted babyshow en the highways ,
and byways of Cloverdale until at 3:30 ]
o'clock there was at the paviiion such an
assemblage of healthy, fine-looking ma
trons and pink babes as Northern Sonoma
Valley never saw before.
C.E.Humbert was master of ceremon
ies. He announced from tbe gallery
that ''we are about to show to the people
of the earth that wo can raise fine babies
as well as fine oranges in Cloverdale."
Some very handsome babies were ruled
cut on account of being over the age
limit— lß mouths— but the cherubs legally
entered were: Boys— Harry McPeak, 16
months; W. H. McCray 11, 3 months.
Girls— Gertrude Minerva Shaw, 6 months:
Mrs. Orr's babe, 4 months; Miidred Barnes,
13 months.
The judges, Messrs. Meyer, Green and
Hoffman, agreed that W. H. M.Cray II
should be the first prize boy and Gertrude
Minerva Shaw the first prize girl. Having
previously taken out life insurance,
through the kindness of Superintendent
Wilson, the judges did not hasten to
escape to the woods.
J. A. Filcher, secretary of the Kan Fran
cisco Board of Trade, arrived to-day and
will remain until the end of the fair next
Monday. He said:
"I am truly surprised at the fine exhibit
of citrus fruits that Cloverdale has made
here. I had no idea this vicinity could do
so well. The pavilion would be a credit
to any city of the Sonoma Valley. The
orange trees are young yet and I have no
doubt that with time and a study of what
the soil may need as fine oranges as grow
anywhere in California both in appear
ance and flavor will be grown here. I
understand tbat orange-growing is really
just beginning here. With such a begin
ning there can be none other than a
glorious fruition."
J. A. Filcher, secretary of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade. Guy E. Grosse of
Santa Rosa and H. E. Matthews of San
Francisco were selected by the directors j
as judges of exhibits. Tney worked all i
this aternoon and the prize ribbons !
decorated the prize fruits and tables when j
the paviiion was thrown open to t c public !
to-night. The awards were as follow-:
' Best general display of citrus fruit— First, |
Italian-Swiss Colony; second, 11. Hubbard: I
third, A. sbarboro.
Most artistic display of citrus fruits— First, I
John Held; second, Mrs. 1., a. Doming; third. !
A. C. Leger; fourth, G. Haem-yer
Best display of navel or.:nges-Kl'rd, M. Meni- '
ban; second, Brush, Williams & limine.
Best twelve navel oranges-First, M. Mem
han; ic-cond. 11. Hubbard; third G Hag
meyer. ' ' *
Best twelve Mediterranean sweets— First H
Hubbard: second, Mrs. L- J. Cooke; third,
John lield. •
Best display of Japanese oranges— First G
Hagc-ieyr* ; second, John Menihan '
Best general di play of lemons— Uoverd_'_
Citrus Fair Association. vi ■_■_.«> ,
Best lemons— W.T. Brush.
Best display of Lisbon lemons— First l? v
Haney; second, H. Hubbard. ' " " I
Best display of Sici.y lemons— First F. X '
Merrill; second, H. J. Crocker; third,' H. M
Hay ward.
Best display of olives— Guy K. Grosse*
second, J. A. Kleiser; th.rd, Mrs. a. m! i
Coomes.
Best display of olive oil— First, J. A. Kleiner*
second, Guy E. Grosse; third, Parker Vineyard
Company.
Most artistic display of wines— First, F. Al- '
hertz; second. Cloverdale Wine Company*
third, Parker Vineyard Company. " " '
Special mention— Limes, J. A. Shaw; citron ]
G. W. Prescott; crystallized figs, G. Hunziker:
growing orange giove, ii. J. Crocker.
Diplomas of merit will be awarded to
each of these exhibitors, »nd such J
diplomas will be awarded in future fairs.
There was a fine musical programme to
riigiit and some sp?ech- making. The at
tendance was very large. Mr. Filcher '
made a brief but spirited address from the
balcony. Hit words were the kind to
stimulate orange-growers s«nd horticultur- !
ists; in general of the valley to greater J
efforts in fruit-growing. it was a most re
markable transformation, he said, from
chaparral to orange groves on the hill-
i sides of the valley, His remarks were
; loudly annlauded.
/ The fiesta ball which was given last
night by the Clover.lale brass band, after
the exercises at the pavilion were over.
1 was one of the most enjoyable affairs of
fiesta week. The attendance was large.
I Among those present were:
Messrs. K. W. Brush, John Field, F. Alhertz.
I A. Sbaroro, A. K. Dominie, N. J. Saviers. C-
Domiuie, F. K. Merritt, L. McCray, J. 11. liehr'
; ing. George McCray, K. P. Conner, George
i Brush, O. W. Wnite, John Be.rden._eir, William
Dresbach, James Bosworth. Fred Bale, M.
; Bosworth, Fred Bidweil, G. W. 1; . t > , W. Hiatt,
G. B. Baer, It E. Baer, Oscar Teebe, Herman
Wilnelm, K. Cameron, M. McDonnugb,
Joseph Arehauibeeu, Shirlev ffc~ Black.
A. Metcalf, F. O. Waite, Gus. Kellogg,
iJ. Anker, J. Ailiaan, Dr. Wads worth,
1 Levi Robert -, A. Baronl. T. McGince**, A. Van
Voast, T. Mitchell, J. Miicliell, A. M Her, Ed
El. is, George Hall, Paul Dehav, H. McKoon,
Carl Haebl, John Howard, Percy Wilson,
James Kinslow, Henry -Smith, Dr. C. W.
Weaver, A. W. Garrett. George Cox, John
Plaslceit, G. E. Brush, Thomas Lun r,O My -
rd, Lee limit, F. O. Waite, J. F. Fairbanks,
William Powell, i.. Vasconi, William Rodger*,
fi H. Mt-tcs.l , Charles Graham, M. 8. Hir-ch,
A. Layton. B. la. bell, F. E. Bosworth, Marl
luiia, H. Teaser, N. Feldtmeyer, F. hale,
* Charles Wolgamoit, L. Roy Leigh ot Portland,
Or. Newton Cleveland, George Hoadlev, C. E.
Humbert, Dr. Poult. W. B. Eaatlick. E. A.
Cootey, O. C Williams, Ernest. Merrill.
Mc'stain-- i". P. Conner, K. B. Gregory, O.
Simpson. C. B.Johnson, F. W. Brush. W. Gra
ham, C. E. Mitchell, C. S rtain, F. O. Waite, G.
E. Brush, T. B. WiUon, W.T. Brush, F.Alberts,
, C. K. Patterson. John Held, K. Gatcr, C
Camera LI. Bird, < W. Cox, J. R. V*s>»r,
F. K. Menitt. H. M. Whitney, P. Smith. W. E.
Doty, J. H. M'urine, A. W.Garrett of Healds
bur., H. W. chase, E. Merrill, 1.. G. Robert-.
Misses tuna Domlne, Elliott. May Elliott,
, L-na Mi.cliell. Addlj Lance of Ukiah, Lena
Johnson of Ukiah, Lilly Howard, Burke,
I Emma Btites, Graham, Ward, Venneti
McKeon. Wood, Nlcoll, Llle, Ida Mar
aiiall. Lulu Btites, Kate Btites, P.arl
Howard, Essie Mars. a.l, Flora VorUi
Ferguson Hoadley. Lily Howard, Nellie
Louroux, Elfie McKoon, May Ellis, Mabel
Shuts, Maud Hall, Kitty Powell. Anita Bale,
' Jennie Smith, — Patterson, Birdie McCray.
NeMe Owsley, Lizzie Mwrkell, Lena Brush,
Nellie Stanley, O ive Cheminant. Mabel Hale,
Delia Caldwell, Lillian Smith, Mabel Smith,
Mac Mitcneil, Miry Donnelly, Grace Tuttle,
Edna Armar. Bessie Amur, Emma Gater,
Flora Patron nek, Christina Miller, Olive Cross,
— Minihau, Mac Dobbins.
YOLO COUNTY'S GRAND JURY.
Two Officials Are indicted and the
Board of Supervisors Severely
Censured.
WOODLAND. Cal.. Feb. 20. —The
| Grand Jury, which has been in session
I for several weeks, reported before Judge
! Gaddis this morning and returned an in
• dictment against I. N. Gill, Justice of the
i Peace of Washington Township, for
I drunkenness, and E. L. Kripp, of the
; same place, for presenting a fraudulent
! claim againt the county. nch warrants
j were issued for their arrest and placed in
I the hands of the Sheriff for service. The
indictments created a sensation; as both
■ of the accused men are well known and
very prominent in politics. Judge Gill is
• accused of presiding in court while in
• toxicated, and Kripp is charged with
having collected money from the county
for more work than he performed on
roads.
The jury in its report speaks of the
bridge between Sacramento and Yolo
i counties in the following language:
In the matter of the Sacramento River rail
i road bridge, we sustain the action of the Dis
trict Attorney in refusing to permit the pay
, ment of the second installment on contract
I to the railroad company. We are satisfied
I that the company made gross misrepresenta
tions to our Hoard of Supervisors. We, bow
ever, wish to emphasize the condemnation by
firmer Grand Juries of the action of the
Supervisors in this matter. They made careful
; provision to exempt themselves from personal
I liability, and left the interests of the county
i to the tender mercies of the railroad com-
I pany.
We denounce as ungentlemaniy. undignified
' ana brutal the attack upon our District Attor
| ney by the railroad company through its
j agent, J. M. Garoutte. That agent endeavored
I to intimidate or bribe our officer with the
statement that, unless he permitted the pay-
I ment of the $5000 in dispute, should he ever
| again appear as a candidate for cilice he would
| surely be defeated. Sacramento County has a
I similar case ai.d it refused to make payments.
I Whether or not Mr. Hopkins is able to main
, tain in court the stand he has taken, we sus
tain him and cali on our people to do the
i same in order that the dignity of our county
i be maintained.
The report censures the Board of Super
visors for reckless extravagance and mis
management of public affairs. The Coro
ner is criticized for employing a clerk to
report inquests and paying him $10 per
day, instead of employing a stenographer.
Fees charged by Justices and Constables
in vagrancy cases receive exhaustive treat
ment at the hands of the jury, and its ex
pert's books show that the-e officials have
received enormous sums of money as fees
in these cases. The Grand Jurors believe
ihat the evil shonl ' be remedied. Affairs
of other county officials are found to be in
a satisfactory condition.
STOCKWELL A CRIPPLE.
Serious Results of an Injury Sustained
by the Comedian While at
Seattle.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Feb. 20.— L. R.
Stockwell, the noted comedian, is crippled
for life. Four weeks ago, while in Seattle,
he slipped on an icy pavement and re
ceived injuries to his hip which prevented
his going on the stage for the performance
that evening.
Doctors examined the injury and pro
nounced it nothing serious. Failing to
get well, the dates for his tour to St. Paul
and back to California were cancelled.
Tne company came to Spokane to nlay
a short engagement, but Stockwell grew
worse. In response to popular demand,
he played the Magistrate on crutches one
night.
10-dayan examination was made and
I 1 was discovered that at the time of the
fall his leg was broken near the hip. It
will be shorter than the other one." and
vnli prevent Stockwell from returning to
the stage. A benefit will be tendered him
here on March 2.
Fsinie >.„,-/, off Flattery.
PORT 'iOWNSEND, Wash , Feb. 20-
Th. Unied States revenue cutter Perry
returned to-night after a four days* cruise
westward of Cape Flattery in search of
the missing schooner Aida, from Shang
hai. The search was unsuccessful.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 189 T.
MARCHED UNDER
THE BEAR FLAG
Adventurous Career of the
Late William Russell
of Napa.
Commanded the Vessel That Bore
Arms to Fremont at
Sacramento.
Wen a Fortune by Delving for Gel
aad Died in the Home for
Veterans-
I
NAPA, Gal.. Feb. 20.— 1n the death of
William Russell at the Veterans' Home at
Yountville on Wednesday California lost
one of its most noted pioneers, Russell
was a member of the oriulnal bear fla*.
party and participated in many of tbe
stirring events that make early-day his
tory of the land of gold extremely inter
esting.
From ex-Mayor Benjamin Shurlliff. an
early settler of Napa Valley, it is learned
that Rusjell was born near Machias, Me.,
on November 13, 1821. In 1526 he re
moved, with his parents, to Rochester.
N. V., where he spent his boyhood days
in attendance at the public school of that
little town, which is now a great city
with a population ot more than 150.000.
In 1829. on the day he became 8 years of
* age, he saw the reckless Sam Patch make
! his Jatal leap down the Genesee Falls.
| Russell in describing this feat always
contended that Patch became demoral
ized in descending, and lost bis life by
spreading his arras out from his body,
instead of holding thorn tirmly down
straight and close to his sides.
Not content to pass his life in the valley
of Genesee, Russeli at the age of IS deter
mined to embark in a seafaring life. He
went to Green ]>ort, L 1., where in 1840.
he sailed in the bark Washington on a
whaling voyage to the South Atlantic and
Indian oceans. On returning home he,
after a brief visit with relatives and
friends, became restless and longed to re
sume the romantic life of the mariner.
Fortune was quick to lavish its favor upon
the ardent sailor-boy.
In the following autumn Russell joined
another whaling expedition and took
passage on the ship Benjamin Morgan,
which sailed from New London, Com:.,
on a trip around Cape Horn to the North
Pacific Ocean.
After cruising for a season, with good
success, off Sitka the Morgan came down
the coast for supp.ies. and entering the
Golden Gate came to anchor in Sausalito
harbor about the middle of October, 184 ...
Then Russell first saw San Francisco, a
sleepy little village containing not more
than a dozen houses and a permanent
population of not more than fifty, though
blessed with a magnificent climate and a
harbor that, witn the single exception of
Rio de Janeiro, is not surpassed by any in
America. The little settlement was then
called Yerba Buena.
The captain of the Morgan encountered
much difficulty in getting suitable fire
wood for the ship's use. Russell
and others explored Rincon Point In
seaich for firewood, but found none but
scrubby manzanita, too crooked to stow
advantageously in tbe ship. Subse
q ientlv they found much better wood on
Goat Island, where they procured a
supply.
Russell was so charmed with the coun
try that he decided to abandon the Mor
gan, forfeit his share in her valuable cargo
already secured and make California his
home. He left San Francisco and joined
the bear flag party at Sonoma • n the
21st of June, IS4G, one week after the sur
render of General M. G. ValJejo. After
the bear flag party was fully organized
and about the 7th of July he was detailed
with nine others by Orderly Sergeant
Wiliiam Balbridge to go to Napa and take
the boat Marie, a small craft of about
seven tons capacity which belonged to the
ship Vandalia, and convey two brass
cannons — six-pounders, or about that size
—with some small arms to the embarca
dero, now Sacramento.
There he delivered them to M. M.Worn
bough. Captain Fremont's quartermaster.
These implement? of war had been cap
tured by the bear flag party on the 14th of
the preceding June, and were hauled in a
wagon from Sonoma to Napa.
Russell was the commander of the boat.
He was not only an experienced sailor, but
he was the only one in the party who had
ever been to Sacramento by the water
route. He was with William A. Leides
dorff, United States V'ce-Consul at San
Francisco, when that officer went to Sac
ramento on a sailing vessel to meet Cap
tain Fremont, arriving at the embarcadero
on December 4, 1845, where Fremont, pur
suant to appointment, met him next day.
When he left Napa Commander Rus
seil and his men embarked from a pout
on the right bank of Napa River, about
midway between the mouth of Napa
Creek and the Third-street bridge. He
made the trip to Sacramento and de
livered hip cargo to Quartermaster M. M.
Worn bough in about thirty hours.
Like many others of the bear flag
party, wi.en that organization had filled
it- mi si in, he joined Fremont's Battal
ion, serving in Captain Samuel Gibson's
company. Tho celebrated James W.
Marshall, the discoverer of gold at Coloma
in January, 1843, was also a member of
Captain Gibson's company. Russell and
others of the company were honorably
discharged from the service at Los An
geles on March 7, 1847.
Russell, Marshall and five companions
came to San Jose, where they separated.
Russell went alone to San Francisco, and
never saw one of the party again after he
left the Garden City.
In one of a scries of interviews with Rus
sell last January the old pioneer spoke in
terms of warm commendation of Marshall,
saying that he was a kind-hearted, honor
able, intelligent man. who enjoyed the
esteem and good will of bis comrades.
Russell lived at Benicia for a while dur
ing the time that D. Robert Semple was
pressing with zeal and energy the merits
of his favorite town, the "young city of
manifest destiny that was soon to rival
San Francisco and become the great me
tropolis of the Pacific Coast,"
While at Benicia he formed a partner
ship with William M. Watson and en
gaged in carpent ring and building.
In the latter part of Mm*h, IS4B, they
left Benicia and came to Napa. As small
boats w*re scarce and hard to obtain Ru —
sell made the trip on mu'eback, a convey
ance all old sailors heartily despise. Here
they purchased from Nathan Coombs, the
founder of Napa, the entire unimproved
block east of the County Courthouse,
where the City Hall building now stands,
paving therefor $120.
They built a house on the southeast
corner of this block, where Russell lived
in the primitive day** of Napa. That was
one of the first houses built in Napa,
whose unsurveyed town-site was in the
summer previous — 1847— a bean field, In
the fall of 1848 Russell and his partner es
tablished a ferry across Nana River, a
short, distance above Third-street bridge.
Russell heard that rich mines of gold
had been opened in Coloma.
He turned miner and met with fair suc
cess on the south fork of the American
It. ver, about three miles above Mormon
Island. Later he tried bis fortune at Rose
Bar, on the Yuba River, wnere he cleared
on an averpge two ounces a day above all
expenses. He was of the opinion that be
NEW CLOTHING.
|^^^_^^3^^^^^^g^^CT^^^^^^ma^gaßmom^m^^_____^^a^^ro?
\ SL — :^^
I *£Si — «X"0 _E^:i__,o._-!LT THE _E32_C3r JS X o__=t_E3— Sa- il
FIFTH AND MARKET STREETS. i
fi I '3
| i The unloading of two big stocks of Clothing begins Tuesday Morning. I
There'll be fun for the curious, and it'll be curious if the little prices placed on big
j values don't have the effect of engaging a goodly portion of the town. jj
] IT'S LIKE THROWING GOODS OVERBOARD, I
But it must be done. It's simply unsafe to be so heavily laden. |
[IT'S without room for Spring Summer importations. This 1
But it must be done. It's simply unsafe to be so heavily laden.
We are to-day absolutely without room for our Spring and Summer importations. This
fact emphasizes the necessity of hurriedly unloading. . a
. MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS. I BOYS' SUITS AND OVERCOATS.
All the $7. -50 ones overboard at $4 45 ah ao-es 3to is. \l
! All the $10 ones overboard at $6*45 All the $2.50 ones overboard at 98c
I All the $12 50 to $15 ones overboard at. . . $8. 85 t *" $3 ' 5 ° ° neS OVerboard at .85 I
j The Finest in the Honse now $ I I 45 A the $5.00 ones overboard at $2.85 j
■ ->M.4J All the $6 and $7 ones now $3.85 I.
j MEN'S PANTS. The choicest to be had anywhere $4.85 j
I The Finest in the House $4 SO BOYS' KNEE PANTS. ||
j All the $6 and $7 Pants now $3.85 All the $1 ones now 49c ll
All the $5 Pants now $2.85 All the 75c ones now. 28c | j
I All the $3 and $3 50 Pants now $1,98 All the 50c ones now 25c j
I SXJ3VC_M[E_E^F , IE]I_,ID <&, ROZMLA-JSJ", j
I i All the $3 and $3 50 Pants CONSOLIDATED FEBRUAR the 50c ones now 25c ||
I SUMMERFIELD c£c !R,O:M-AJ>T,
CONSOLIDATED FEBRUARY 15, 1887.
I I CORNER FIFTH AND MARKET STREETS. I
: | P. — Don't look for us at our old location, but show your familiarity with us by coming direct to our new and only store 1
CORNER FIFTH AND MARKET STREETS. y '||
!!!fflßgaai-HBi3____________--__________s^
cause of lack of experience and the proper
implements and appliances for successful
mining nearly one-half the gold he dag
out of bis claim was lost.
Last summer Russell went to Sonoma
and joined in the semi-centennial celebra
tion in commemoration of the capture of
that historic old town by th» bear flag
party on the 14* of June, 1846. He was
one of the surviving members of the little
bear flag party.
ED/TORS MEET AT FRESNO.
Twenty Newspaper Proprietors Organize
the San Joaquin Valley Press
Association.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 20.— The news
paper editors of the San Joaquin Valley
met in this city to-day and organized a
Valley Press Association. Though talked
of for a number of years the move did not
assume definite shape until a few weeks
ago.
Then the editors took up the idea
with enthusiasm. The officers elected
were: President, C. D. Radctiffe of the
Merced Sun; vice-president, John W.
Short of the Fresno Republican; secre
tary, W. W. Barnes of the Hanford Demo
crat.
A set of by-laws was adopted and sev
eral discussions concerning the objects of
the association were held. The member
ship numbers twenty, representing nearly
ail the newspapers in the valley.
The purposes of 'he association, as out
lined in the by-laws, are to advance the
interests of tue newspaper business com
mercially and to work for the upbuilding
of the San Joaquin Valley.
Special efforts will be made to secure a
uniformity of rates for legal advertising,
which at the present time are in very un
satisfactory shape.
The association must meet at least once
a year, on the third Saturday of Febru
ary. Tue next meeting will be held at
Visalia.
The visiting editors will be taken for a
drive through the vineyards to-morrow.
BAN JOSi'S bulk' snow.
Saturday Hominy club Presents a
Musical Froarntnme.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.— There was
an increased attendance at the bulb show
this afternoon and evening. Fresh flowers
have been added and decorations altered,
and the exhibit presents as bright and
picturesque a scene as at the opening.
The Saturday Morning Club had charge
this afternoon, and presented a flue
musical programme unuer the direction
of Miss Carrie Foster McLellan. The
evening's entertainment was given by the
Garden City Cyclers, and consisted of
vocal and instrumental music.
The floral society decided to-day to con
tinue the show Monday afternoon and
evening.
Confers With Fresno Oroicer.s.
FRESNO. Cal., Feb. 20.-Dr. C. H. Cas
tle of Merced, Congressman-elect in the
Seventh District, met the fruit and raisin
growers of Fresno this afternoon in the
City Hall to gain information regarding
the needs of tariff legislation.
The meeting was largely attended. J.
W. Shanklin presided. The new Con
gressman was thoroughly Informed as to
the status of the industry and supplied
with statistics to prove the need of a
higher tariff.
Removal— Dr. S. W. Dennis, dentist, has re
moved from 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 8-5-855 Market, over Emporium. *
HEAVY LOSSES
ON THE RANGES
Mendocino Stock Suffers
From the Storm's
Attack.
Thousands of Lambs Succumb to
Exposure to Wind and
Rain.
In Southern California Flowers Peep
Through a Covering of
Snow
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. 20.— The storm just
over was one of the most severe ever ex
perienced in Mendocino County. Stock
men have suffered to a great extent, fully
75 per cent of the spring lambs having
perished. The nunib.r lost is esti
mated at 30,000. Stage routes were
blockaded. No mail has reachei the
valley from the coast for the past two
days.
LOS ANGELES, Cal, Feb. 20.—Na
ture's beneficent provision whereby the
moisture from the leaking clouds is con
verted into snow in the higher altitudes
of Southern California has during the
past few days saved the valley region
from disastrous floods.
As it is, the larger streams, have been
scarcely half bank full, while tbe snow
ni on the mountains has attained a
hitherto unknown depth. This has glad
dened the hearts of the miners and the
horticulturists, for it means cool water for
the thirsty prospector and unstinted sup
; ply of water for the orchardists.
The snow .line reached the mesas and
1 higher valley lands this forenoon, and it
was no unusual thing to find citizens
standing in -banks of poppies picking
oranges from trees laden with "the beauti
ful."
This was a novel spectacle, indeed, but
it has been greatly enjoyed by hundreds
of people in this part of the State. Tae
season is destined to go down in history
as ''the winter of snow."
The present is the third storm which has
covered the mountains and even the foot
hills with a mantle of white snow this
seasou. The past twenty years affords no
record to equal it.
"The temperature to-night in this city is
lower t' an it has been in ten years.
The bulk of the orange crop having
been shipped, little damage will result
except to vegetables on low, exposed
land. 'ia____
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 20. - The
weather oui. ook to-night was more prom
ising than for some days past.
The storm has been the heaviest of the
season, the precipitation to 0' o'clock being
2>_ inches. . San Diego River and all
smaller streams are running bank full,
and the danger of washouts and floods is
growing greater hourly.
The lower Otay, Sweetwater and Cuya
maca dams have the largest supply of
water in four years, and all smaller dams
are filling rapidly. Not much damage is
reported from the back country yet. but
if the storm keeps up several days dams
will go out, causing heavy property loss.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb." ' 20.—
heaviest rainstorm experienced this win
ter has fallen for the past forty-eight hours
and the prospects are for a continuance.
Snow has fallen to a depth of several
inches in places on the hills surrounding
the city.
The snowfall in the Perris Valley
amounts to three inches. Tne rainfall in
the city for the past twenty-four hours
was I>_ inches and for the last forty-eight
hours .'j inches. The total rainfall for
the season to date is 11 J^ inches.
PASADENA, Cal., Feb. 20— Rain has
fallen heavily here for the past three
days. The mountains and foothills as
low as Altadena are white with a heavy
snowfall.
This morning from 9 to 10 o'clock
snow fell continuously at Pasa
dena, melting as it struck the wet
earth. Sufficient snow accumulated in
sheltered spots to permit of snowballing.
and the unusual visitation occasioned
great excitement and merriment.
POMONA, Cm.., Feb. 20.— Rain has been
falling here for four days, accompanied by
strong winds at times. To-day a heavy
snowstorm prevailed for several hours.
Horticulturists siy no damage will be
done to fruit-
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 20.— A report
received here from the fog station at Lime
Point, on the Marin side, states that the
storm of yesterday did considerable dam
age.
Huge waves washed over the station
ana broke a number of windows. The
wind blew at a terrific rate, and the seas ;
were the largest that have been expe- ■
rienced there for some time.
MILL VALLEY, Cai... Feb. 20.—Yes
terday tbere was five inches of snow "on
the summit of Mount Tamaipais. To
day the snow was three inches deep on
the mountain.
LEE ASKS FOR A WARSHIP.
Protection to Americans in Cuba Against
Inhuman Spaniards Is
Required.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 21.-A Herald
special from JacKsonville, Fla., says:
Consul-Genera! Lee has requested in urg
ent terms that the Government send war
ships to Cuba. This is the information
that reached here last night from a high
authority in Havana.
The request is made, it is stated, because
of the attituue of the Spanish authorities
in Cuba in regard to the outrages on
American citizenship in the murder of
Dr. Ricardu Ruiz in the prison at Guana
bacoa.
Details of the incident which followed
the death of Rum are unknown, but
special dispatches from Havana have al
ready stated that Consul-General Lee
would proceed at one? to Guanabacco to
investigate the death of Ruiz. It has
been declared that the hapless American
was done to death at the order of the
Commandaute at Guanabacoa, General
Fondeviella.
It is indicated that something unusuaj
had happened in Havana from the fact
that tha Olivette, the steamer which
leaves Havana for Key West at 1 o'clock
on Saturday afternoons, did not leave that
city until 5 o'clock. Her delay has so far
been unexplained.
VICTORIES ARE REPORTED.
On* Consists of the Destruction of a
Hospital.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 20.— The usual
reports of Government victories over the
rebels were published to-day. According
to these General Hernandez Velasco,
Colonel Recio and Commander Luis Lazo,'
Anurias and Alfonzo Doces forces defeat
ed insurgent bands at Gallaton, Lnisa and
Davanigus, all of which places are in the
province of nar del Rio, which Captain-
General We.v ler had officially declared to
be "pacified."
The reports state that ten rebels were
killed in the three engagements, among
the dead being Captain Navarrete, an ex
bandit. The troops destroyed four pre
fectures, a hospital and sixty huts. Their
losses were only two wounded— a com
mander and a sergeant.
Juneau Opera House Burned.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 20.— The steam
ship Al-Ki, which arrived in port to-day
from Alaska, brought news of the burning
of the Juneau opera-house. Winn, Bakke
and lnsley were the proprietors. The
building and contents were valued at
$15,C00, and there was no insurance.
Several member** of the company playing
at the theater lost their personal effects.
NEW TO-DAT.
_^j______Eß-__-__________a______s_^E___S
THE SAN FRANCISCO I
BLACK GOOOS
HOUSE, 3
22 Geary St., Near Kearny. I
Telephone Grant 618. Jt
100 SUITS j
Black Figured
VEJETIAS SATIAETTE, |
$4.50 Suit
100 SUITS
Priestly's
ENGLISH MOHAIR B'IOCHE, !
$7.00 Suit. I
-. !
Mourning Outfits supplied on the *
shortest possible time. ■ £
Largest assortment of Mourning c
Fabrics on the coast. " 5
L T. REMEDY COMPANY, I
56
BARNEY SCHREIBER
IN LUCK AGAIN
Thornton Stake Captured I
by Schiller in a
• Canter.
Thornhill, the Dangerous Con
tender, Broke Down
Badly.
The Cheat First in the Elmwood j
Stake for Twc-Year-Olds—Three
Forks Score! a Win.
A cold, raw, biting day confronted the |
three starters in the Thornton stake at j
four miles, decided at the Emeryville
track yesterday, and the race was entirely :
devoid of feature or excitement. 'Twas !
no wonder that the old-timers who gather j
at the track every time one of these long- ;
distance races is decided, who in the long j
ago saw Thad Stevens, Truo Blue and !
other heroes of the California turf do i
battle, cast a withering glance at the
present generation of turf followers, and
then in disgust sought to drown their
grief by imbibing liberal potations at the ,
bar. The old veterans were all there,
mingling with a big crowd of latter-day j'
race-goers.
The Thornton **take, of course, was |
uppermost in the minds of all present, j
There were but three starters—Schiller,
Thornhill and Lobengula. The first
named -was a 1 to 2 favorite, with 13 to 5 i
laid against Thornhill. Lobengula was '
the outsider.
Schiller led Thornhill for two miles,
When the latter passed him and was iii i
front for nearly half a mile. He then fell i
hack and Schiller acain assuming the lend !
won as he pleased from Lobengula in i
8:04.*_ for the distance. Thornhill strag- ■
gled in forty lengths or more behind Lo
bengula, and it was then discovered that *
he had broken down badly in the off fore j
leg. There was just a spark of enthusiasm
manifested as Sims returned to the stand i
with the winner.
The traca was sticky; still four of the:
six favorites earned brackets. Twenty- !
four bookmakers laid odds in the betting
ring.
The 6 to 5 favorite. Shield Bearer, !
through a streak, managed to capture the
opening six-furlong run, with a field ol I
eight lining up. Peril, an outsider, ■
jumped away in front at the start, with
Mainstay at her heels. The mare carried !
the big chestnut wide into the stretch,
and Jones, on the favorite, saving fully '
four lengths, was enabled to win by a
head. Peril was third behind Mainstay.
Ezsll's mare, Babe Murphy, opened an :
even money choice for the mile and a fur- j
long selling affair and receded to 2 to 1. I
There was a very heavy play on both St.
Agnon and FranK Jaubert, the former i
being played down from 8 to 4. Long !
Lady made the running for about seven '',
furlongs, when she had enough. Frank '
Jaubert then took the lead and won as far
as he liked from St. Aignon. which, in a ;
drive, took the placj from the favorite by '
a head.
The mile and a quarter handicap was
declared off and a cheap five and a half '■
furlong "don" run substituted. Siegfried '
was a 9 to a favorite at post time, bnt was i
beaten out cleverly by the 3 to 1 second !
choice, Mercutio. which led from the rise
of the barrier. Ezekiel was third.
The Elmwood stake for two-year-olds, '
worth $700 to the winner, attracted a field j 1
of six to the post. The distance was four ' !
furlongs, and the 7 to 10 favorite, The I !
Cheat, won cleverly by half a length from ' ,
Roxey Murphy, a 10 to 1 chance. Estro
was third. '
In the final race on the card, a hurdle i
handicap over one mile and three fur- '
longs, Three Forks, the favorite, out- I
classed his field and won without any- I '
thing in reserve from Arundel. Hello was ' i
second choice, but failed to get within the j '
money.
Colusa Irrigation in Litigation.
Suit has been instituted by Attorneys George *
EL Maxwell and R. M. F. Soto on behalf of •
J. .*-. Gibson, William Ash and others, against
P. H. Graham and the Contral Irrigation Dis
trict of Colusa County, to enjoin the collec
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
C A 4 !t , fh 0R «, l i A . Jo £ CLIJ B. Oakland Racetrack. Saturday. February 20. Fifty-first day
wof the Winter Meetine. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track muddy. y
588. ***** - RACii - Thre «-<l"»tt«-sofa mile; .ellitig: four-year-olds and npward : purse *»50.
Index. I Horse. aj;p, n-elchL
570 Bbield liearer. 5..107:
670 Mainstay, S 107 ;
f>7() Peril, a." 102;
S7n Hermanju, 6... 102'
569 (lice L, 5 107
5, ! >4 Winchester, 5 ...104
517 Jerome s, a. 107 ■
570 IE nemo, 4 107
St.
1
4 .'.'.""!.'.'
5
3
1 7
• rt
8
V*
V 2 1 »/♦ Btr. I Fin.
.8 8 3 4 ~3 i Th~
2325 2 4 3 a
114 12 11 2 ' 3 2
7 Ms 7 10 4 2 4 5
41 4h 6 1 54
« 8 8 , 66
6 h 6 1/5, 7 % 7 2
6 3 6y a 6x/ 8 1 8
! Belli
Jockey. Op.
iE. Jones 6-5
Thorpe I tf-r>
""lawion ' 10
11. .Martin . . G
iiozeman I la
Q. Wilson. 100
Spencer. 100
PlgßOtt ]O
I Belling.
: Op. Cl.
Ung.
CL
6 &
3-2
2'>
9
40
50D
500
40
start. Wonarivlnt. Winner, y. Phillips' eh. h., by W^agner-Mamie Cole. Time. 1 agi^.
JQ KACK-One and a six
four-year-olds aud upward; pur»o »360.
Index.
idex. Horse, age. weight. St. 9td. I/i li ,i Sir.
568 Frank J*.ubpri, 4...100 22 2 ay~ St m It
66» St. Ai K non. 4 98 4 si(, 6<T 4% -3N •' ,-,
569 Babe Murphy, 5.... IHS nil 1414 3 2W22 3 1
548 Pollock. 4 100 1 «V 2 'si 610 51 58
563 Two Cheers. 6 95 BSb 3h ft 3 41 41
™* Lode Lay, 4. 93 512 14 13 620 610
558 Ifkalkaho, 4 '.^ 9,7 7 7 : 7 7
Horse, age. weight.
I ._
Sir. Fin-
-
14 .T. Khleldn
-' '3 Plguott.
3] - T. WcHuch
4 4 slaughter j
.'» 15 soencer.
620 Cawson
17 K. DennlsoD '
I Betting
Op. Cl.
6
52
6-5
g
' S
6
10
10J
4
IS
7
100
2 JO
Perfect .tart. Won ea»il^_Wlnne^Ue^Rhteld»' b. g.. by The Bard-Heel and Toe. Time, 2:l»ji 4
TUIKD KACK-Eleven-sxteenthsof »
three-year-olds: purse $350.
Index.
Hi>rse, welrhi-
St.
%
' 1 1
3 2
2%
6 4
41
7 2
11
5 3
10
H5
9 10
12
Ftn.
Betting.
Op. 11.
524 Mercntln 105
576 *l*Rfried 105
578 Fzeklel 105
675 Viklnir 102
575 Defender 1071
655 ; Imp. Mistral 11.. 05
572 AltHn»rii 100
159 Grandezla. 100
561 Yerba Buena.... 100
566 r.»nn 100
544 1 Tr. Jacobs 10ft
666 Play Hoy 102
7
I ii
8
1 4
3
11
6 ..
9 I
1
10 Y.'.V'.V.'.
Il5«l
1 1
6 2
2 Va
8 4
4 IA,
7 Vi
10
5 1
11 7
8 " 2
9 lo
12
1 4
3 6 .
2 h
5 3
4 2 •
H Vl
7 4
81
9 1
10 6
11 2
12
la
1 1
3 2 ;
I 4 5 i
; ft 2
I 6% • I
! 710 :
83 I
9 6
10 10 !
114 :
IV! I
H. Martin 4
! Jones 7-5
Thompson 10
i Mitchell 80
Boz man 20
\ Cl < wson 30
Spencer 5
I 'laughter 15
Frawley 30
O. W| son I 20
T. Mcllujth..... 60
H'lK^ott 10
3
9-5
12
40
20
60
7
12
100
20
10 »
8
Cood •«»«. Won easily. Winner, U. H. Peter's b. C, byjmp.
1 iOUKTii KACK-Half a mile;
purse ♦1000.
Index. ' Horse, weight. ( St.
471 The Cheai 108! .3
660 Roxey Mu^hy. . . 1
642 Esiro .' 108 2
A I Koran 108 6
567 Fallen Princess .100 &
519 Conn of Flanders 108 4
V* /4 :A _ I Btr. J Fin.
3h 2 1 1 iv«,
1 1 1 * 1 2 2 6
"•• «% 3 I*s 3 2
1 6 6 2 4 i/S.
• by, 4 2 6 4
1 4 6 6
114 T. McHugh.....
2 6 H. Martiu I
3 a sim« 1
4 i/a ' Hen ness i
64 Thompson
6 T. .Soan
i Keitlng.
I Op. Cl.
1
I 5
10
7
10
I 8
7.10
10
15
8
40
a
Good start. Won driving.
Winner, I> Kzell's b. c. by Imp. Jj e< elver-Katie J. Time. :61» /4 .
> FIKFH KALiS-IheTfloinlon stakes: four miles: three-year-ola»«nd up; purse 83000.
|cb| Ist 'za I sd
Ind. j Horse, age, wt.: ; j mile mile | mile 14 j %
[669) SchOlar, 4.. 109 li 13j13 ! 2 50 350 "Tta l~tT
6*3 Lohngula, 6.117! 3 8 ! 3 3 3 3 I 2 I
663 Thoroi;i 1,6 118 2^ ISO '-'20 11 11 1 40 8
Jockey.
Belting.
Op. ci.
563 I
1 1J
2 5
3
1 4
2 60
3
Sinn 1-2
\s". Martin «
I'horpe. ; '2
3-6
■
13 5
Perfect start.
:O4 3/ L ,.
Won easily. Winner. B. tchrelber-s br. b., by imp. St. George-Fraulein. Time,
SIXTH RAG
purse $400.
Index, j Horse, ace. weight. .
668 Three Fonts, 6.. .170
647 AruDdel, 6 132
547 lOC, 5 148!
565 Zaragoza, a 128'
sbo Hello, 5 148
569 Silverado, a 135
442 j Brilliant, 6 125
Ist.
I St. Std. 114 V, % I Str j Fin. | Jockoy.
I I*l 2 2,24; 13 14 llVi Hennessy '
62h 4 1 4 1 »10 avi -it w. tlanrey
» 3H 6 |tf : 510 5 6 S3 McMah..n .
6 13 IX 13 21/2 310 4 2 lort-us
I 25 1 5 1 3h 42 4 3 520 Het-rs. " *"•*"-
-46 3H. 5 3 |h 6 6 Owens.. " '.".'"
7 I .Fell ; ai first ;jumpi ; Variable*,'.'.'.' ...||'
1 Bettin B .
Op. ci-
tt 5
4
6
10
2
10
85
4
8
20
5-2
M
GO
'Jood staru Won hauJliy. Winner, (.amljridge staole's b. g., by SpoHaae-Trifle. Time, 2:43.
tion of assessment** for the years 1896 and
1897. Judge Seawell has issued a re-tralninp
order, pendente lite, on the filing of a bond
for $5000. st; tied by & Keen and W. R. Tull.
FROM THE YUKON RY SLEDGE.
Perilous Trip Made by the Son of Lyman
J. Gage Through the W.lds of
Alaska.
SEATTLE. Wash., Fen. 20.— Eli Gage,
son of President-elect McKinley's Secre
tary of the Treasury, arrived in Seattle
this morning from Alaska after having
made the perilous overland sledge jour
ney from the great Yukon country.
The Secretary's son can now go back to
Chicago and share honors with another
Chicago man, Charles J. Hamilton, who
made the first overland journey from
Alaska to the coast four years ago. Gage
occupied sixty days in making the trip,
having left the Yukon on December 18.
He did not learn of the appointment of
his father as Secretary of the Treasury
until he arrived at Juneau. When Gage
reached this city he received a number of
telegrams from Chicago and among them
was one which said:
"Come home at once and do not talk."
It was signed by his father, and what
significance is behind it is a' question
which probably only the new secretary is
in a position to answer.
Gage is a young man not long from his
books, but is married, nevertheless, and
has been seeing something of life for ; sev
eral months in tie frozen north. He mar
ried a Miss Wearo of Chicago.
The Weares are behind the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company, which does business on the
Yukon, having steamers and stations
from St. Michaels on up the river.
Mr. Gage came out ostensibly to see the
country and get acquainted with some of
the realities of life in a commercial way,
but he has been attending to business
more or less for the Weares.
He decided to bring out the company's
mail when it was found difficult to engage
any one who could be trusted with the
important dispatches upon which the
company depends for its supplies the com
ing season and to lose wbich would mean
di-tress and a shortage of supplies on the
Yukon next winter.
Gage said his sledge journey from the
Yukon was filled with the exciting ad
ventures which usually accompany such a
journey.
He was glad that he made the trip, and
if another opportunity ever presented
itself to repeat his experience he would
taKe advantage of it. Gage's sleds was
drawn by nine dogs. While they were
sturdy animals, they gave out several
times, and Gage feared that he was going
to have trouble in reaching civilization.
GUESTS OF THE THEOSOPHISTS.
j Maval Officers Will Attend 'the Dedication
! of the Point Loma
College.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 20.— Admiral
Beardslee, Captain Sumner of the Monad
! nock, Lieutenant-Commander Ineersoll,
executive officer of the Philadelphia; Cap
tain Dyke of the British gunboat Comus
, and a largo party of officers, representing
the American and British navies, have
accepted the invitation of Mrs. Tingley.
: President Hargrove and the committee to
I attend officially the ceremonies attendant
i upon the laying of the corner-stone of
; the school for the revival of the mysteries 1
; of antiquity, which is to take place on the
site of the college on Point Loma Tuesday I
; afternoon.
Addresses will be made by Mrs. Tinglev
and President Hargrova of New York
Rev. WJ Williams of London, Eng., Dr.'
Allen Griffiths of San f'rancisco. Dr. Buck
of Cincinnati and others. President Philip
Morse of the Chamber of Commerce, Mayor
Carlson, Judges Hughes and Torrance of
the Superior Court and others will be
present in their official capacity, accom
panied by a large crowd of visitors from
the city and surrounding country. A
magnificent arch and pyramids, repre
senting the products of the country, and a
splendid floral design' will be presented by
the Chamber of Commerce. About 100
prominent theosophists from abroad are
now in the city and others are arriving by
every train.
Land Company Incorporated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 20.— Articles
of incorporation were filed to-day by the
* Santa Monica Land and Water Company.
j The capital stock is $1,000,000, all sub
scribed; the principal stockholder being
Senator John P. Jones, who is down for
$748,500.
Other subscribers and directors are Juan
Bandini ($125,000) and Charles H. Forbes
($125,000) of Los Angeles, and Roy Jones
E. J. Gorham and A. C. Hamilton, all of
Santa Monica.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
WILL DEVOTE THE
FLOWER OF GREECE
Young Patriots Eager to
Sniff the Smoke of
Powder.
They Will Return and Fight
Beneath Their Country's
Standard.
Hard Boxing and Gymnastic Practice
at Panteges' Develops Olymp
ian Muse es
A. Pantages, one of the youngest mem
bers of the. Greek committee, is the pro
prietor of a restaurant on Fifth street,
where all his warlike countrymen are
wont to congregate nightly and discuss
the probability of a war with Turkey.
Their patriotic ambition soars above an
isolated skirmish, or an exchange of pro
jectiles between two warships separated
by a mile ot water; they are eager lor
wholesale slaughter at close quarters.
Like Harry Hotspur, they have for
sworn the tilling of lips and are seeking
for "bloody noses and cracked crowns."
They are saying with Pistol, though they
have amended the phrase: "Let us to
Crete. Like horseleeches, my boys. To
suck, to suck, the very blood to suck."
Pantages himself has rigged up a very
respectable gymnasium behind his res
taurant and here these youthful members
of the company are developing thews and
sinews with which to make things inter
esting for the turbaned tyrants when they
have the latter at the bayonet's point. T.
Alfaros is full of a deadly purpose. "I
want to kid fifty Turks," he said last
night, "and then die." But this is a di
gression. Pantages is a member of the
San Francisco Athletic Club and recently
jo neo the Manhattans. He boxes at 125
pounds, knows something about Grteco-
Roman wrestling and enjoys a local repu
tation and a name.
He ranks in fact as an all-around light
weight athlete, and is just now busily en
gaged ln imparting some of his knowledge
to his fellow-countrymen. Many of the
younger Greets in this community left
Greece before they were 21 — age of
conscription and have not therefore en
joyed the advantages of a military train
ing.
Frank Campoorakes, Gu*< Carvoones and
George Malaverzos all three sadly con
fessed last night that they were in tuis
position. "But," they added, 'if we go to
Crete with the company we intend to put:
in our two years in the army before we
re' urn."
Pantages also left his native land before
the age of service, though he belongs to
a military family. Two of his elder
brothers were in the army during the
blockading of the Piraeseus in ISS7, and he
received a letter from his father' a few
days ago informing him that they had
both been promoted and expected to be
ordered to Crete at any moment. They
are attached to a regiment which bears
the name of the King. Apostalo, Pantages'
partner, served for many years in the
Greek navy, and though not so young as
he was he is still ready to say ••Hearl" to
the muster-roll if called upon.
"Wear* r ceiving recruits every day,"
said Pantages, "and are confident that
our company will number 300 when we
start out a fortnight hence."
The mass-meeting in Druids' Hall, Sut
ter street, will take place this evening,
commencing at 8 o'clock. After the
speeches by the members of the commit
tee and others refreshments provided by
A. Koste will be discussed until it is time
to disperse. The grand National ball in
aid of the Cretan sufferers follows on the
27th inst. at Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk
sjreet.
IX SEAA2H AM It ASSE3IBLT.
General Appropriation Bill Reported
by Committee).
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.— The As
sembly this morning sought to reconsider
the motion adopted last night permitting
the Military Committee to go to San
Francisco on Washington's birthday, but
a motion to that effect was lost.
The Ways and Means Committee re
ported the general appropriation bill.
One thousand extra copies of the Senate
county government act were ordered
printed. The Rules Committee reported
certain bills for consideration next
Wednesday and Tuursday nights.
The Assembly joint resolution relating
to the punishment of seamen for leaving
their vessels before the term of service ex
pires was adopted.
An amendment was adopted to the act
for the organization of county insurance
companies.
The A -sembly passed the bill appro
priating $20,000 lor the contingent ex
penses of the Legislature.
The Assembly Elections Committee re
ported to-day itifavor o Kelsey (R.), un
seating McLauren (D. ) in the contest
from the San Jose (Fifty-fifth) district.
A minority report favoring McLauren will
be tiled on Tuesday next.
The a ternoon session of the Assembly
was devoted to the introduction of bills,
(his being the last day according to the
rules for the introduction of bills. A score
of bills were introduced, the most import
ant of which are: By Cutter, appropriat
ing $8000 for the compilation of the history
of pubic school^, to be written by John
C. Pelton; by Caminetti, establish
ing the boundary between Amador
and El Dorado counties; by Em
mons, permiting unincorporated mu
nicipalities to maintain tire depart
ments; by Sims, permitting the with
drawal ol articles of incorporation upon
petition of the stockholders; by Power,
prohibiting the sending of minors to
saloons and disorderly places; by Shana
han, to compromise bill appropriating
$40,000 for legislative printing.
At 3:3 1 o'clock Leavitt moved to ad
journ. Power of can Francisco asked for
time to complete the preparation of the
bill which he wanted to introduce in the
interest of seamen ar.d soldiers. A bill,
which will be the last of the session un
less the rules are suspended, requires all
canneries to la*bel cans with the month
and year in which the food was canned.
Adjourned until Tuesday next.
At this morning's session (he Senate
considered two bills, one appropriating
$12,500 for the contingent expenses of the
Senate and the other making an appropri
ation of $20,000 for the contingent ex
penses of the Assembly. Withington op
posed the Senate appropriation and of
fered an amendment making the appro
priation $8500. The amendment was de
feated and both bills passed.
Braunhart introduced a bill directing
the Railway Commission to require a
statement of earnings made by ail street
railways, with a cost of operating expenses,
including construction.
The board is authorized to require the
issuance of commutation tickets by street
railways.'* Referred to the Committee on
Corporations.
Wolfe's resolution that the Senate do
not recede from the amendment made to
the resolution to investigate the printing
office was adopted, and Voorheis, More
house and La Rue were appointed a com
mit,ee to confer with the Assembly com
mittee.
Mahoney introduced a proposed amend
ment to the constitution making the
salary of members of the Legislature ?SOQ
, l NEW TO-DAT-DRT COOPS* »__________ .-.-l .-mt.-.-u- .■,-.■>--,■■
~§r*4totW Proprietors d*.^*h*Z $A*®J%&s?^^^
I t arl e There's Wisdom in Economy, T^| E 1
SI T'i--. * ir-_»-« And there are different sorts of economy. The economy r->r~»r*_i T r* A -pi«» T IS
SZ 1 tvADE= which "saves at the spigot and wastes at the bung" is worse J^cHU IA I lON 13
~~ ivtivt T^er-ar* than no economy at all. -- . I/pn -
£ Wi_\NbK.s« The truest saving is to buy good, reliable things, of a good, iVlAlxblvS. =S
fe reliable firm who sell such things at the lowest possible prices. __5
s_l *ijj"c-coLORRr» silk brocades in Wg se " on such a close margin of profit that our customers ~~~
•^ &IO 1 . 1 l! rtt ' a " dwtfl tues good wearable feel confident the bottom has been struck. Hence the active, QE^^i? I 6l_°?^„s^^ a «.» ? ew :^
•»«— "•» *_7 I nion sllas for fanrv waists _ • . -.. . . . -fS •■ raw silk and woo; mixed dress fab-
ssnrMiiey waists. progressive IOOk Of things around here. UW ric, in stylishnauems and colorings. =5
fc= AK^w«dY^^_i^??cS It's very simple to do honest storekeeping. Cive the right \ A A c-paiccy _77^tcr E9 , m Amen- 3
•*- TV b.o"vns « Di . Si ' ,^uet9 • ruby, values and satisfy every customer, when you know how. It'sthe •f'U TweedS*Md chevwts* D woufd™be
"s, etc. knowing howthat's madeTH E MAZE so popular ; it's the doing ! . cheap at6oc. ' c r^;
t= l\^^a^m\^t^ u^fo%sri7ll\t of it that's pinned the confidence of the public here. - A c-n-oveltT~£i;itixgs. m the E^
fc; ■ W cades » M _ lir-ures, iv' every new * — , . . "lIiM new Tinsel mixtures. Biscuit, Notte _J«
am— shade and combiua'tiou of colors. ~~ — ~ ~~~ — " — ' — WW a "'' Crepon effects lv small chec* -at
I M<^_f___R_s_____ | THlS IS REAL ECONOMY. 'THESE ARE MONEY-SAVERS. ,c<^ »— '*«* -«*«-■ 3
*£Z s*ii\& and set designs. _X_JH MW\ and other novelty patterns ln silk __5
tt^_ • m *a 9 aud wool, mixtures that always *~"'*»
g- C J^ ,_RrAtK I'EKIN* STRIPES, in bring *1 and $1 25 a yard. l ****3
fc: Mil o-jrtripesVpi.^aHkfwr/s^yiub! 1 " fl A c BLE , AC ,?^ EI ? 9 4 SIIE „ F I < . 4 ' full . AJC-blkached TOWELS, with flftC-BLACK saH.NKTTK CLOTHS. j|2
»_- l|l , ld - 1 ' splendid clean, f.o,t-lini 3 hed cot- I if, pretty colored borders heavy quality. V 4fl a new satin nished black fabric, 38 =^J
fer flj c - BL -^K likocaDHS, In nov.l de- ■ T ton, not lv.l of lime or sizing. I fa 2 4 Sx2o inches. Worth $'_ 5U dozen. VV inches wide, all wool, small figures. -«
**" tr\ *• signs, on a rich lusirous satin duch- : __ , „ .... ' -**^
fel WW esiestound. Fi.'-I*ANC\ GINGHAMS, one of the best tl AC-TUItKKY-ItED TABLE DAMASK, 111 ma «-»C— BLACK MOHAIR FANCIES, in __Z
we— . Ja brands of American ginghams made, all I **8 new style Datterns, full 56 inches wide, g*a 8 J neat smad and larg-. brocaded pat- •— ****
_£-, "m j" C-BLACK BROCADES AND I'IG- j ** pretty checks, plaids and stripes. IV Regular _5c quality. WW terns, extra heavy quality, 45 inches __S
at— m •*% CRES, In large medium and small L_ _ „„„ _ _ _ _ wide. -^
___ f W designs, for skir -, waists and full l c — SCOTCH PLAIU SL'ITIXUS, double-fold _* *f-_C— BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, every ■->.■; •» ' -«
fe; dresses, gros-graiu'an .satin grounds g\ * 'willed dress material, in all the pretty and I a -ih thread of which is pure linen, splendid M_■ C-BLACK LIZARD FANCIER, as ~^>
ZZ \ **«>> popular clan p aids. WW styles, all 54 inches wide. » »_ well as German and French Black -«
£— fljPt'-LADIEv s-lIIIIT WAISTS,' in ; ' _■•_-_ ■ - _."«__ H W < r.-poii and Biscuit Novelties, 3_ to **^
ZZ _/» lleht cround s:ripe<l calicoes, at- fl -KMl'KKss OROANuIE-s, one ofthe t__\\ *\\ .49-GERMAN" LINF.N N A I'KINS, extra 45 IncLes wide; regular $1 and 91 25 --^
r*— fitV tached collar and cuiTs. 818 new light ground sheer sturts for the com- J*V I" heavy natural cream colored linen, *.'■.' values. '— *aa
**- I W ing season, floral patterns. \p I inches square. Value at $2 a dozen. - —-&
at: "BPSC-LADIES* .SHIRT WAISTS, In _, , „, I f" C— BUTTER COLOR LACES, in Venise, — eta
a*— § Wat the celebra-cd Griffon A Stanley j 4 A 1 I'—GKRMl '— GKRM AN FLANNELS, in heavy *<fIP 1 - WHITE QUILTS, heavy Marseille pat- |% Irlande and de Gene patterns, ranging — **»
fe: B W novelties. What are left from our | I _#-. twilled faced wrapper patterns, all the I U U terns * ' ull double bed size, finished all V in width up to 6 liches. ___»
a*— special sates of last week. ' I __s-^ favorites that sold at 2L'c. » ** sides and ready ior use. —^»
_— aW C— VALENCIENNES LACES, in white _*S
fe= gf\ a\ .r.O-I.ADIEV DRESS SKIRTS, iv |f" ' -TEN FLANNELS, in a great variety of *t\ fl .'S— DOWNALINK COMFORTERS, coy- I only; half inch wide for edgings; sold HS
***— S^ I small lira "checks and back fig- 11% pretty striped designs on light colored _7fc I ■ ered with lancv figured and plain col- m in pieces of 12 yards only. "*__
fe; W I ured mohairs, lined all through 1 W giounds. 'US' H ored silkolines tutted with wool zephyrs , ***5"
___ and bound with velvet. ' « SSl'-FANCV BONBONIEREB, made —■■*•
fer (QIC-PILLOW CASES, wide libera', hemmed * M 0%) C ~ FEATHER PILLOWS covered with ||| of gilt and fancy colored metals, __£
ZZ C% ft *O— LADIES SILK WAISTS.made M I edges laundered a d ready for use, sizo Is ___*,*-_ ••"•tiu-fintsh d tickings and filled with cold- fl %_*§, miniature or engraving on top. —^
**— 2\m _# of 'arse pretty brocad-s. In all 'W" 45x_tt inches. * ™W blast c.can feathers. -mia
*_Z wfii coiois, to be worn with linen col- j c*f As\\C— FANCY COIN PURSES, small __2
fer lan ! a mac— LAniFs' mgr>*_»_.<i_'_»nu ;., „i„t„ _„^ #% IC— LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS, a special | 18l sizes plain and fane/ leathers, all __■
**— i E famv •, hhe,. ™„^. f^i ,^? anil !if ' lot of pineapple cloth, scalloped edges with || U colors, floral decora: ____
fc ___ ft-. -»>- LA I.IKS' SILK SKIRT*. in I 9 .'" r " I V'?"?™t/ U TO,ored C °'" I©3 openwork embroidery. " Z3
**- HL\9 the fashionable large brocades, I ■ W ion, ribbon-drawn necks. j ~ f « -pc-Mt'STACHE COMBS, a pretty =5
fe_ WO cut full and flaring, lined 1 *|.c-l[F\"q . V r> nnrnn**\*'« «wi* ( t 4 fltC-MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS, good. I k novelty, white celluloid in a decor. "^
fe throughout. JR KRS, h.gb A^n-o I ve7'^la», full^siTc 1 Q V tcheU^b^ s' W ***' ° M I" U Bt^ celluloid slldin. case.
fer gfxf%.»r, -TAILOK-MADE SUITS, some i fc V ribbed co.ton bodies, all sizes. w *' , « f-C-TABLET MIRRORS, a novelty 10 r_2
►__ \*|- — hiith-nrade garments, stylish cuts, | __..__,. rintMimmcanoiii . fl ___IC— MEN'S BLACK SOCKS, double heels ! 1 Jfi be carried in the po<.kei or hand- - -•
fe; OU silk.lit.ediacke.s. < S^K£fSSK ecru' ' 522 T'ZJ 1 S^^lSS^'d^-^^ Bta '- a ' e3S < " fancy folding celluloid cases.
__= _^_f1.45-LADIES' JACKETS. In tan i« « sey ribbed, fleeced buck. ; Ififa^ b.a.k, Uermsdorf dye. ™ C __> EW LEA HER BELTS, in tan Z-2
Z~ _V__L — -iuid Oxford mixtures, good warm _ n „ a , T -„,,_„,, •, „ , 4 __■ 1 LDUKN'S HOSE, heavy Derby _wfck ' shades and I la. k*. seal and other — *g
fer •^*-TT weight, shield fronts, velvet 'Q , „i,«„, , m v?' '***,*. "g"lar sizes, | I|a nibbed, two-thiead cotton, spliced heels ___ W Uatheis, stylish h.rnesi buckles. __i
•-* collars. M fl "' 8l - ed Reached muslin, d 2 10 40 bust ; | {| and toes, all sizes from sto 8%. _2
fe: i " measure. »w , 7* ! C-NEW. SILVER LINK PURSES, ~^
■^ ftP'iO-SEW VELVET CAFES, the ..-..,. _. v A ..„. , c .' _ ,'"«_._ fl «tC-LADIE*' COT ION HOSE, heavy I_# %*_ the latest fad openwork silvered -__*
£— Vfc first spring arr.vaN. elaborately *■ Q^i is LIN DRAWERS, soft finished l JU weight. Uermsdorf fust black, sizes 9 and ! |LW ring links, clasp top. -_•
fer <tPw beaded and braided, silk liniugs. IJi bleached muslin, yoke bands, deep hems, : lag 91™ only. Regular Hoc quality. —
•-• W ■ W cluster of three tuCKS. ,■W w /a y > 4 . ftC -ALL SIIK RIBBONS, No,. 16, 12 =5i
fe: .OP C-FOUH- BUTTON GLOVES, soft _,, ._, „ T^„_, „„_,,„ _ I _>% •■ t— LADIES' SILK PLAITED HOSE, as If and 9, In Satin and tiros Grain, all the __g
*— VH pliable kid. new zig-zag embroidered AAI .-LA -DIES' NIGH ROBES, made of soft _* fa. lustrous as spun silk and will wear better, I © leading popular shades. _ — ■•
*— WW backs. two bone buttons, a.l colors •< «3 tlnished bleached inns! in, double yoke , __.il a 'l sizes * —^
ZZ andsizes. > ",; -'.*« .. jWW b .ex, cambric rulHe trimming. ' j_- ~ c— FANCY RIBBONS, Nos. 2'_. 16 ~^
•— * „ __'_.'" ..c . .... _--___. _»#*'*— LADIES' CASHMERE HOSE, the I M and 12, all pure siU in fancy floral — •
mZ « .50-THREE-CLASP GLOVES, the ftftC-MI SKIRTS, -full, gore shape. *_S 13 warm, comfortable winter sicckiags, 4- 9 pa. term, good colors. _5»
■__: V a — finest gra ie of real trench kid, «C Jf yoke bands, trimmed with wive cambric £1] inch rib oed top. Worth 5Uc. --•
•— \p 3 o.ir famous La Mazeno quality, WW ru file and tucks. es^-mw r —^
fe- all co. ors. ~^
I' ' ; * Notion Specials. Lining Specials. Drugs and Toilet Sundries. j
fe: I |\AVt.L.llMij llAlldt ; : Tooth Brushes, white bristles 5c each ~*
__Iyy.-;: . __ . . Whalebone Casing, white or black 6c piece All Linen 8i:,.-t Canvas S^cayard Tooth Brushe *' fine qU " ,, . 1U5 .' ,, . 2 . 5 . C .!:i„_ each =^
fe . :.'"_•_/>:.'  ' '•*• i'l I", Linen Thread, 200-yard spools. scerich ' Double- fold Hlesias, black and colors.. a yard ! Hair Curlers, polished n'tckei 5c - ach ***i
»- Are you going away ?Do yon ever Intend Corduroy Bin I Ing, 2 inches » Ide 5c yard * Black Rustle Taffetas. 6 a yard I Bany Hair Brushes, bone handles.. 10c each — •*
fe tog-away !If so. get in Hue at thissaie. £g WkO»^^^i_ C fr^^__^i«2S JS Standard Cambrics, all colors 4c a yard Bone^Handle Nail Brushes. „ ..^c each -^
•»- REAL AMERICAN SEAL SATCHELS- Ladies' Serge Gored Belt Hose Supporters. fSc yard Imitation Hatr Cloth Scayard Dentotoam ... 15c bottle 12
— READ AMERICAN ska I. SATCHELS- Ladles' Serge Gored Bell Hose Supporters. 10c each 1 imltatio.i Hair c loth Scayard liuet , X 15c bottle -«
Zl The popular^Utb-bag shape, well riveted Ladles' Fancy Frilled Sid ■ .-ilk Elastics.. _5c each i «- 1 ' French raffeta Hair Cloth 19c a yard witch Hazel Cream, for chapped sslu Eg
•— heavy steel frames, nickel safety clutch Ladles Fancy Silk. Round Garters, in glass | Cotton -V or ens, bine* and colors 15cayard .'. 15c cottle em
Zl latch and key, aouble-s.ltched sides, well ca se each j Wool Moreen, black only 35c a yard White Rose Cream, exquisite 25c pot — **
__ lined, inside pockets. * _;^ " - '-.•..''.'■ I -.:.'. . Imported White castle Soap, large __S
HI 10 Inches, special a: $I.ooeach ■ — _: _, bar... - 26c each — *m
•— 11 inches suecial at *1 25 each /-» a m. 1 ¥—•¥-» a i.i*~\tr^.*-*.*-^.^ -" "■"*** ** ' ' Florida water, large 8-oz. -bottles. .26c each
fe alSiS3S :::::: il-8S SAN francisccs cheapest store, h aCi6tt -*" by " owdenhpriukler - t -
~ _Si_KiSEr:::::S3sa MARKET ST., COS, TAYLOR WD GOLDE\ CITE AYE SSffS|K^!.r» 8
fe , * .*.**' "vjii u.i w.^aii rt I li. La Ci^ale Face Powder, 4 colors 36c bo x —m
i . _ — * * * —
a session, instead of $3 a day, commencing
January, 1899. Adjourned.
BRA US HART'S LATEST.
After the Street Railroads in a A'eie
form.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 20.— What
Senator Braunhart failed to accomplish by
direct means, he is now endeavoring to
bring about indirectly. To-day, the last
on which bills can be introduced under
the rules, he submitted the following:
The Board of Railroad Commissioners are
hereoy authorized to require a statement to be
made by any and All street railway companies
operating In any city, city and county, or
town in this State; and tor the purpose of fix
ing rates of fare to be charged by such
railway companies, are authorized to re
quire such statement to be made to
them as to the -earnings, operating ex
penses, cost of construction and other
matters relating to the operation ot street
railroads as ihey may deem necessary for the
purpose of fixing such rates of fare. Such
board Is further authorized to require tho
issuance of commutation th kets and to fix
the number of such tickets that snail be sold
at one time and the rate to ba paid therefor,
and the hours during which such commuta
tion tickets snail be accepted by such railway
corporation for transportation thereon; and
when notified so to do by such Board of Rail
road Commissioners, such street railroad
company or corporation shall issue Commuta
tion tickets upon the tender of the price
thereof, and shall receive the same in pay
men' for transportation during the hours
specified in such notice. y . •*.
Each violation of this law is to be pun
ished by a forfeiture of $250 to the person
who is unlawfully e ha reed more than
the rate fixed by the commission.
The question of the jurisdiction of the i
Railroad Commission over afreet railroads
is now a matter of consideration on the
part of the Attorney-General, the matter
having been referred to him by the com
mission not Jong ago, owing to the re
fusal of the secretary of the MarKet-street
llailwav Company to submit the books of
that corporation to the inspection of the
commission. It is understood that the
powers of the commission in tbe matter
arc to be tested in the Stale courts as soon
as the pending case in the Federal court
is disposed of. Should this bill become a
law it will obviate the necessity of the
contemplated legal proceedings.
RANDSRURG'S INNOVATION.
Cold-Seekers Utilize Plows in Their
Quest for the Elusive Nug
get.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 20.—
sturdy prospectors and hardy miners of
California have, since the days of '49, in
vented and perfected many and subtle
schemes for locating the alluring nugget
and the speckled quartz. Many a novelty
in mining has been introduced into
the mountain fastnesses in * search
of the elusive ore that glitters
and enriches; but it remained for certain
claim-owners at Randsbur*, the wizard
camp of the Mojave, to go plowing for
gold. This innovation in prospecting is
proving eminently satisfactory to the
originators of the scheme, and is destined
to become tbe fad on the Rand.
- "Prospect plowing" was first introduced
in what is known as the stringer district,
where Messrs. Whelpley and Mambv
bought some property from the Stephens
boys. They procured a big plow, hitched
eight horses to it und plowed furrows
across it. Tbe . soil is a decomposed
granite, and the heavy rains have put it
in fine condition to work.
They put their pow in deep and ran
two or three times in a place, and were
able to tear the soil up to a depth of two
feet or more. In this way they ran on to
live or six stringers, ail prospecting well,
but further development willibs necessary
to show what is in them.
EARNS MILLIONS
AS HE TRAVELS
Rich Prize for Which a
German Lad Is Globe-
Trotting.
Must Circle the Earth to Gain
Possession of a Larg3
Estate.
Nearing the End of a Trip Male
Necessary by the Provisions
of a Will.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 20.-Heinrich
yon Damreich, .16 years old, arrived here
yesterday afternoon, after having almost
completed a tour around the world. He
departed for San Francisco to-night. Yon
Damreich is, perhaps, the youngest gen
tleman ever having made the trip alone.
He is the sole heir of a deceased mil
lionaire pipe manufacturer of Chemnitz,
Germany. A peculiar provision in the
elder yon Damreich's will prompted the
young man to undertake this journey so
early in life, In, that document was ex
press d a desire that the decedent's heir
should visit all the countries of tbe globe
to be reached by steamer or rail ere he re
solved to create a home for himself.
Should the heir comply with this wish of
the testator at any time before he reached
the twenty-fifth year of his age he might,
at tbe termination of bis tour, claim an
accounting from the trustees of the estate
and demand that they place him in abso
lute control of it.
There was another provision which
stipulated that at the end of the young
man's travels he write an interesting and
original volume recounting what he saw
and experienced, and copies of that book
must be submitted for criticism to a pro
fessor of German literature in both the
Bonn and Heidelberg universities. - It
must by them be pronounced grammati
cally pure, 90 per cent perfect in construc
tion and in no manner hackneyed. Then
the youth might revel in his father's mil
lions as early as he pleased.
"I have very successfully carried out
one of the conditions of mv late father's
will," said Master Damreich last night,
"and as for the other I am certain of being
equally successful. In the first place I pride
myself upon my thoroughly grounded
knowledge of the purest German lan
guage, therefore I fear no . faultiness in
the diction of my forthcoming literary
work. When I lett home I was not only
supplied with letters of credit to leading
banners all over the world, bul also with
personal letters of introduction to the
heads of those house?. By these means 1
was enabled to learn more than the ordi
nary traveler who writes books. T is
will assist me in producing an original
volume."
San J.fi/aet Hater Rites.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., .Feb. 20.—
Board of City Trustees last uight intro
duced a water ordinance fixinsr rates for
the ensuing year. The board contemplated
considerable reductions in the schedule,
but after struggling over the figures very
little change was effected. The minimum
rate, where meters were used, has been $2
per month. This was reduced to $1. and
the company is allowed to charge ft for
connecting each meter. No reduction was
made in the general schedule of rates.
MENDOCINO'S PRO TES T.
Citizens Resent Assemblyman Sanfcrd's
Declaration Regarding Slavery in
Lumber Camps.
LKIAH, Cal., Feb. 20.— Many promi
nent citizens of this county have pro
tested indignantly against the remarks
contained in the speech of J. B. Sanford,
Tvhiie addressing the Assembly on Mon
day last on behalf of his monthly wages
bill. Sanford termed the workicgmen in
the redwood camps on the coast of this
county as slaves toiling in an American
Siberia, and pictured theirs as a pitiable
condition as regards their food and shel
ter. In contradiction to the statements
made by Sanford, it is said that the men
[ employe, by the various mill companies
on the coast of this county are generally
exceedingly well fed and housed.
Judge McGarvey. • a pioneer of this
county and late Superior Judge, terms
Stanford's address "A dastardly outrage
on tne citizens of Mendocino County." v
Hale McCowen, County Clerk, says: "1
have visited every logging camp on the
coast of this county and nev r witnessed
any of the conditions portrayed by San
ford."
Assessor W. T. McFaul, for many years
a resident of the coast, says: "Sanford 9
statement is altogether untrue, and that
exactly the reverse of Mr. Sanfora's state
ment is the case."
Supervisor John Flanagan of the coast
district is highly indignant over Sanford's
remarks and pronounces them false. *
To the Editor of the San FraiicUco Call— ■
In a recent report of proceedings in the State
legislature the Assemblyman from Mendocino
County Is reported as saying that the proprie
tors of mills keep their men in a state of serf
dom by compelling them to buy all their sup
plies at stores owned by their employers, pav
ing them four prices for the goods.
Also that if a man declines to be paid in this
M a -l 1 J I 8« . eiBDUt upon » blacklist and he
can got no employment in the same business
anywhere along the const." "-•-""""..
Further, he is reported as sarin*-* that *><n,_
food furuished the employes "of?sfe mills _.
disgracefully unfit lor human beings "and
that the provision made for the comfort of
— k^i 1 ? 1 *" as r ;B llras shelter and warmth is
wholly ignored by employers. "*"""* »
He paints a distressing picture of a- half
starved wife d sc **->' clad children crouch
l hm wo ! I*" ius ; iflicien * fire in the middle of
th h „'?V>, Watching the coking of a few beans
hunger maT aPPeaS9 tt>e cravings of their
J' 1 ! 11 ', member from Mendocino is correctly
reported, which possibly la not the case, his
ignorance o: -i the subject OI which he was
spe, king is as lame.tiat) c as it is inexcusable,
and I assert without fear of contradiction that
so far as they approximate in any degree to
the true condition prevailing at mills and
toag P ination. CmenlSarebUtfismeuts o£ his
Iv many fishing excursions in Mendocino
County I have stayed for days at a time at the
,d . I '_-„ camps on Big River, and found ihe
ordinary camp fare, but;, as to food and lode
fort iVwoh : v iife . c^ Bary lor heallh and «"*"
In common with all loeeing camps from
with ni?t -n"i c as '- the &*}* was furnish
with , pork and beans; and in addition with
'""i^t, the best of bread and bun-, r
bteue.l dr.-d fruit (pe.-ciesor apples), pies
gig* rbre.id. tea and ceffee. lca v. P^es,
ffi 8 «dl S fl^ ?,*- - c n-ither do
kiiey nave dirt floor*," butso .d wooden ones:
and *!! woodsman can in an hour make him!
S?ktartS2lH" *"»*>* to sit °"* m ease one™
tae work 7 ' 8 "■■»■» fiom tie nature of
mo worK d. me. ■*•*»•*» in simmer and
muddy in winter, and to maintain any great I
l degree 01 neatness in the dwellings 0. their 1
toilers would be difficult, and to expect it un
reasonable. • ■
Wives and children are not usual accessor
ies to logging camps, and It is doubtful if an
Instance exists In the county, aud iv this re
spect the speaker's fancy evidently ran away
w.th him. As to the families of the men em
ployed ut the mills as regards intelligence,
neatness and social status they will take no
second place when compared with the great
ma>s of workers throughout our land.
As regards the inhuman treatment of the ac
cidentally maimed or killed, I challenge the
proof of any such occurrence as that uepicted
by the narrator with which the mill-owner or
his representatives had anything to do or
were cognizant of.
• The uuanimous approval of the bill by the
I Assembly, while it does credit to their human
i ity rs developed under the representations
j made on the floor of the House, seems to the
writer to reflect very strongly upon the good
I sense of the members m accepting without
Verification root wild statements as sober
; facts, especially when made by the author of a
bill. who, it was notorious, was extremely anx
i ious to pu*h his favorite measnro through.
That the men engaged in lumbering on the
. coast are having hard times is only too true,
'but it is not the employes alone who have
• cause for complaint. With lumber from Ore
gon and Washington selling at $9 for No. 1
; and $7 for No. 2 the manufacturers of redwood
: are compelled to economize to the very last
■ degree, in wages as well as in everything else;
! and were it not for the hope that springs eter
j nal both employe and employer might well
! up give. > .
The press and the platform unite in saying
i that the one great need of California is manu
j factories to worK up our raw material ; and yet
the trend of all State legislation is to impose
j such conditions upon capital already so em
. ployed as to drive it out of business and to de-
I ter outride capital from making new invest- j
I ments. There ure immense problems press
-1 ing upon the attention of this Nation, which
i must be solved in the near future, and urn
, less our legislators are wise and patriotic to a
greater degree than at present and their con
stituents more paflent and law-abiding; re
publican institutions will be subjected to a
j greater strain than they have ever before ex-
I perienced. E. C. Williams. i
sMEVT TO-DAT.
m THE OWL
fTHE OWL CO.
ORUti CO.
W CUT-RATE -. •
:___. WOISTS.
OPEN ALL NIQHT.
SPRING MEDICINES. ..
?
Now Is the Time to Cleanse the Blood
Cuicura Resolvent. $1 size ; 70c
Bikers Honour Sarsaparilla. .........*. '...'.'76c
Hoot's Sarsaparilla, fl ,1 M , 65c
Joy's r-arsaparilla, $1 size. .. "I.jflSc
_ ers . arsaparilla. $1 8 ze ;65c
auo?,? **„ -* ,av °-** description. 31 size .65c
$}.£.* ma ' e Restorative. ?l size 63c
litiKhams Compound, $1 size 65c
L' «' & * *"!*-'« specific, *1 size 65c
£• S. .-. , ltl " Specific 91 75 8 !z- -fl 25
rvalue «_ lery -ompound, $1 s.ze 60c
1 hump-ion's Dan-1.-lion and Celery, $1 size.... She
California >yrup Figs. 50c size 350
>Vanji,o.e'sCodiiver Oi , $. size „75_
gCOU'a Emulsion. $1 size 65c
Baker's Kmulsion 753
Williams* Pink Pills. 50 ze '.. ~""35e
Alien's Mult .$125 size ; ; .' 85c
Warner's Saf«- Cure, $1-25 s ze... ! : _.ft_
Carter's or Ayer's Pills. 'Joe size i»,o
•B. echam's or Thompson's P Us, 25c size.... °"lsc
MonyonW Remedies, 525. size "*156
Munyon's Remedies, $1 size ......iiieoc
THE OWL BIRD-SEED PACKAGE.
F.a-h package contains a cuttle-fish bone and
booklet how to keep canary bird healthy and in
good song* J *"
Price 25 c a Package.
cn 8 « M "r? e i 8t r oet * San F r»nci»co.
380 South Spring: street. Lot Ane-elaa
Tenth and Broadway. Oakland, - *2_*j2j____a_s^ '
m e m f m ar wYwtl t*fet **Bsrw^ia*a'
SUNDAY ;....'.FfcBROABY 21, 1897
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
• "Washington's birthday will be celebrated in
many ways in this City.
Probably occasional showers Sunday.
Weather Forecaster Hammon.
Washington's birthday will be celebrated by
various churches of this City.
Mary E. MoQuiddy has sued R. D. McQulddy
for divorce fur extreme cruelty.
Coroner Hawkins held several inquests yes
• terday on cases of violent deaths.
Delegates from the Iroquois clubs of the
Btate will gather in ihis city in conierence to
morrow.
Rev. Haskett Smith will deliver his last lec
ture on Egypt to-morrow evening at Golden
Gate Hall
The police are searching for an organized
gang of shoplifters who have been operating
ln this City.
Modesto ministers object to Rev. William
K:ider representing the California Christian
tsaacavorera.
The estate of the late Patrick Lannon, also
known as Patrick Lennou, has been appraised
• at $16,440 79.
Treasury officers have arrested a Chinese for
transporting unstamped opium from this City
to Portland, Or.
1). O. Mills has filed for probate the will of
the late Saran 11. irowbridge, who recently
died in this City.
Shield Bearer, Frank Jauhert, Mercutio,
The Cheat, >chi,.er and Three Forks won at
Emeryville yesterday.
I. li. Kloptbek hns sued S. Busch and Mary
Busch for $3952 __ on a promissory note
dated August 23, 1892.
". Frank C. Kloss called the jurors who con
• Vlcted him old bums, lie will be hanged
April 23 at San Quentin. *
The Interstate Coursing Club held its first
. annual banquet at the Viticultural Restaurant
on Pine street last night.
' .Seven Pities Circle, Lidies of the G. A. R. .
will give a Martha Washington tea in Native
• Sons' Hall on Tu* lav next.
; W.c. Griffnh has sued I). H. Bryant and
* Guy H. Ba.isbury for alleged conspiracy in
lalsely accusing him of perjury.
D.J. Rooney, the brother of the late Mrs.
Theresa Fair, met death by asphyxiation
through an accident last night.
Dr. ' Charles T. McCarthy and Dr. James F.
Smith have been appointed Medical Exam
iners by the Board of Education.
The Cuban sympathizers are awaiting Mayor
.an's recovery bei ore calling a meeting of
the recently unpointed committee.
/ ■ James Lee, an ex-convict, was arrested last
evening by Detective Cody and booked at tne
Ciiy prison on the charge oi burgiary.
The executive committee of the Carnival of
tne Golden Gate has a- kid tne Board ol Super
visors to set apart tnnds for the carnival.
Eastern rates to the fight at Carson City have
been hxed. T. H. Goodman expresses pleasure
that the final -adjustment nas been made.
.. City and County Attorney Creswell has ren
nered an opinion to the Board of Supervisors
coifcern the time of fixing water rales.
The application of EL C. More to be appointed
administrator of the estate of A. P. More, de
ceased, has -ten dismissed by Judge Coffey.
The Improved Order of Red Men of ibis City
, will to-morrow evening observe Washington's
birthuay by a grand ha 1 in Odd Fellows' HalL
Mrs. Magdalena Wittemier has been called
on by Judge Coffey to show cause why she
should not be punished for contempt of court.
Attorney Thi mas J. Quigley hit James O'Con
* j hell twice on the note yesterday outside Judge
'' Low's courtroom and was arrested lor battery.
A general line of improvements on the
•• streets and avenues in the western section of
tte Cay is in contemplation in the near fu
ture.
Joseph Benchmol, a sailor, was sentenced to
six months in the County Jail yesterday for
pmty larceny and was booked on a charge oi j
* large j
. The Yinn Yee Kong Sow. a Chinese benevo
lent society, gave an annual banquet last
' night at which mauy municipal officers were
* J. resent.
The Salvation Army did not receive any do
natio-. irom the Western Meat Company and
say thai tney have to give discriminaiely or
* not at all.
Captain Robinson of the City Prison has
preferred charges against Desk Sergeant
Shields before the Police Commissioners of
neglect of duty.
. Ah Jim, an old Chinese, was arrested yester
day morning for battery on complaint of Mrs.
H." B. Holmes, 1423 Market street, for kissing
her on the street.
. Improvements in the Richmond District con
tinue to be planned. Point Lobos avenue will
soon be put in fine condition. Seveutn avenue
will be extended.
Tiie K. A. Smith Company has been incor
porated by K. A. Smith, J. P. Smith. James Me
' Closkey, & Mcclost.ey, C. McCioskev, with a
capital of $10,000.
" Four passengers on a Union-street cable-car
were more or less Injured yesterday morning
by the* car stopping suddenly owing to a
strand in the cable.
A grand * -Purim" ball will be given under
the «ns pices and for tne benefit of Congrega
tion Nevaii leek at Odd Fellows' Hall, Sun
day evening, March 7.
The Bar Association held a banquet last
•evening in honor of Judge Joseph MeKenna.
who is abou : to assume a position in Presi
■ dent-elect McKinley's Cabinet.
The Union Paving Company has sued Mrs.
Ellen M. Mowry. also known as Mrs. L. A.
Mi wry, for $858 19 on account ol a sidewalk
constructed for the defendant.
The India Relief Fund Committee hopei to
send 4000 ions of breadsiuffs to the famine
sufferers within four weeks. They may char
ter the' Norwegian steamer Eva.
George H. Hopps, V. B. Allen, George W.
Bumm, David F. cooper and David F. Lehigh
hiive incorporated the Golden Unite Mining
Company, with a capital of $1,000,000.
Two :ami!ies with women and children
evicted from their homes yesterday were com
pelled to seek-shelter at the armory un How
ard street, occupied by the unemployed.
The armory at 614 Howard street, where the
. unemployed are quartered, was lined up yes
terday with benc.iea and tables from rough
I lumber. Electric .ignis were aiso put in.
The Junior Order of United American Me
chanics has completed all arrangements for
tne evening celebration of Junior Order day
in this City, and announced the programme.
Harry Huff, the Chinese interpreter in the
Fede.ral courts, has resigned, having been fully
exonerated from all charges of crookedness
made against him by the notorious Dick Wil
. liams,
i The Glass-blowers' Union is asking for the
I restoration oi the McKinley tariff on glass. It
' ls contended that the bottles manufactured
here -tru fully equal to those imported from
•Europe. '■ -'Tlf}.
Many , of the younger Greeks are training
hard under the tuition of A. Pandages in an
ticipation of service. They are eager to re
turn to Greece and serve their two years' term
. in the army.
Charles S. Bennett, manager of the tannery
. at. 2723 Bryant street, swore to a complaint in
* Judge Campbell's court yesterday charging
Jeinei McNulty, a discharged employe, witn
. assault to muraer.
, Eight witnesses, sailors on the ship Babcock.
are confined in tha Alameda County jai in
''order to insure their testimony in the case of
First Mjite David Reed, who is under arrest for
cruelty to seamen.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided In fa
vor of the people, ex relator Denis Spencer,
. and against Attorney George A. Knight in his
. appeal to retain the office of attorney for the
. State Board of Health.
*. Justice of th- Peace Groezinger alleges that
he was. induced by sharp practice to sign a
Judgment for a much larger sum than lie had
given judgment for on the bench, and be will
tell the story next Tuesday to Judge Seawell.
The general committee having in charge the
matter of finding employment for the unem
ployed reports that all preliminaries are com
pleted for beginning work on the boulevard.
Some $1500 has been subscribed. More Is
needed.
John Enos has sued Kate May Dillon and
Mary Ives Crocker for an for farm
ing operations and wheat sacks supplied on
certain lands in San Joaquin County be
queathed to the deteudants by the up- Kate
ft. McLaughlin. The amount Involved la
i ssooo. '
l A proposition to abolish Station J of the
J Postoffice Department, on Montgomery aye-
I nue aud Green street, bas not met with favor
by the merchants and residents of that end of
the City. They claim that the brant h office is
* a great accommodation toa large number of
people who are untitled toss much considera
tion at the hands of the postal authorities as
the people of any section of the City. The
Btocxiou-street improvement Club has taken
the matter in hand, and to-morrow, a commit
' tee from ibis organization will call upon Post
master McCoppin to protest against the re
moral of the station.
THEY OBJECT TO
REV. MR. RADER
Modesto Ministers Against
His Representing the
Endeavorers.
Rev. Haskett-? mith's Last Lec
ture on Egypt to Take
Place Monday.
Novelties to Be Introduced by the
Salvationists in Their Wash
ington Celebratioa.
The Presbyterian Ministers' Association
oi Modesto have entered a protest against
Key. William Rader representing the
Christian Endeavorers of this State in the
coming international convention.
Another innovation will be introduced
by the Salvation Army at its social expo
sition in Metropolitan Temple to-mor
row night (Washington's birthday). The
sidelights that will be represented are en
tirely a new feature of anything that has
hitherto been introduced in army meet
ings. Major Winchell, in charge of the
social work on the coast, is the author of
the new feature introduced on Monday
night. Thejmajor is a firm believer in ob
ject lessons as a means of not only bring
ing out the different features of the work,
but also of impressing the truth.
1 he sidelights at the social exposition
will be to demonstrate the army's work
here in San Francisco. A double-decker
will be run in on the platform to show the
sleeping accommodations at the shelter.
The Band of Love will give an exhibition
of junior work for poor children. The
Labor Bureau, which will be opened that
day. will show what it propose- to do and
how men will find employment. The
wood-yard will have their cutters, while
the window-cleaning company will ex
hibit their work. Probably the most In
teresting part of the meeting will be the
poor man driven to despair, his family
starving, he commits larceny, chased by
the police, sent to prison, dismissed, faces
a cold world, tempted, but rescued by the
Knights of Hone and sent to the Goidei*
Gate farm.
The graphophone will be used for the
first time on the coast by the Army.
Speeches and conga by leading i fficers
will be heard, also stereopticon pictures of
the "Darkest England" scheme will be
thrown on a large screen. This meeting
will be preceded by a lire parade, when
the "cherry tree" and ''liberty bell"
floats will be prominent features of the
parade.
The afternoon meeting at Congress Hall,
1139 Market street, will also be of a most
startling character, 100 little children will
be bidden iff at auction by Major Winch
ell, this being one of his remarkable meet
in s, together with others. The panorama
of "Burning Sodom" and "The Devil
Burned in Effi y,"' Salvation Midway,
have excited much curiosity ami drawn
large crowds in Chicago, New York and
other cities.
On the third Monday in March the Anti-
Saloon League will hold an open meeting
at the First Baptist Church.
The Baptist churches of this City are
I preparing for a dele ated meeting to take
place at the Y. M. C. A. building Monday,
March 1. Plans for the extension ot
church works will be the topic of dis
cussion.
The delegates of all the Sunday-schools
in the State will hold their convention on
Friday evening. February _<>. at the First
Baptist Church on Eddy street.
The Woman's Home Missionary Union
and the Woman*) Board of Missions of the
Pacitic will hold a union prayer-meeting
in the assembly-room, Congregational
headquarters, Y. M. C. A. building, on
Thursday. February 25 at 2 p. m.
The last lecture in the special course on
Egypt will be given by Rev. ilaskett-
Smith of London at tna Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium, Mason
and Elli- streets, Monday evening, Feb
ruary 22. Mr. Smith's "subject will be
'Vl'he Pyramid Builders,-' one in which all
have an interest. As in his previous lec
lutes many beautiful views will be thrown
upon the screen.
The committee on fields of work for
deaconesses will meet on MOnday, Febru
ary 22, at the Y. M. C. A. at 10 o'clock
sharp.
The meeting at the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mas >n and Ellis
streets, this afternoon, will be addressed
by X. H. Jacks, general secretary of the
Oakland association, on 'Does It Pay to
Be a Christian?'' Tie meeting com
mence- promptly at 3 o'clock and will be
for young men only.
Durine Lent the following clergy will
make the afternoon addresses at St.
Luke's Episcopal Church:
Mondays— Rev. H. H. Clapham, St.
James.
Tuesdays— Rev. W. W. Bolton, St. |
Mary's.
Wednesdays— Services will be held, but j
without address, as the united serv.ces
come on that night.
Thursdays— Rev. Ed L. Parsons, Menlo
Park.
Fridays— Rev. E. J. I, on, St. Stephen's.
Saturdays -Services without address.
Thursday in Holy Week Rev. Percy
Webber will deliver several addresses.
Archdeacon Webber will also preach on
Good Friday, morning and night, and will
conduct the Hire.- pour service in the
afternoon. Rev. Mr. Webber will speak
on Holy Saturday and on Easter day and
Easter Monday. His closing address will
be made on Easter Monday night.
A special meeting of the' executive com
mittee of the Epworth Leaeue Alliance is
called by President Beais for Tuesday
evening, February 23. at the Young Men's
Christian Association building. Matters
of vital importance to the league are to be
considered, thus necessitating a full at
tendance. Meeting called to order
promptly at 7:30 p. m.
The "Festival of Seasons," to be given
on the 2d, 3d, 4th and sth ol March at
Grace M. E. Church, is the combined
effort of the Sunday-school, King's Daugh
ters and Eoworth L ague to liquidate the
debts of these societies. Suppers served I
each evening under the able management
of the Ladies' Aid Soceiety from 5*30
o'clock to 7:30.
An interdenominational service of
humiliation and prayer, under the aus
pices of the Woman's Home Missionary
Societies, will be held at Central M. E*
Church Thur-dav evening. F.-bruary *"5
Company of|the Howard M. E. Church
will hold its first target shoot to-morrow
morning. February 22, at the High-street
range, Alameda.
Monday evening, February 22. a Wash
ington's birthday entertainment will be
glv«m by the Junior League of Trinity M
E. Church. The programme will be in
teresting and patriotic— marches, singing
music and recitations.
Every evening this week, except Satur
day, special services will be held in the
First M. E. Church, Powell street.
Monday, February 22, irom 5 p. m. to
8:30 P. M., the ladies of Epworth Church
will serve an excellent Martha Washing
ton "tea" in the church.
To-morrow evening, Washington's
birthday, a "Martha Washington dinner"
will be served by the ladies in the church
parlors of Simpson Memorial Church,
from 5 to. 8 o'clock. This will be some*
j thing superior in the line of church din
! ners.
The League Cabinet of Howard M. E.
Church has elected Miss E. K. de Turbe
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1 SOT.
ville as fourth vice-president, vice C. J*
Smith, lesigned. Miss Holbrook, the
new deaconess, will preside over the de
partment of mercy and help during Miss
Gate's absence.
On Friday evening. March 19. 1897, Dr.
Case will lecture in the auditorium of his
church, under the auspices of the Boys'
Brigade; subject, "A Trip Around the
World." illustrated with over 225 stereop
ticon views. Admission 10 cents. Tickets
on sale in a few days.
Revival meetings at Howard M. E.
Church are to commence on Wednesday
evening, February 24. This will be the
third effort of this conference year.
Among those who wiil take part in the
Washington B rthday celebration at Cen
tral M. E. Church "are Professor H. M.
Bosworth, J. J. Morris, Washingtonian
Quartet (male voices). Mandolin Ciub,
Miss Clara I. Fisher, Mis* Alice Wardell,
Miss May Stanford and Rev. E. R.
Diiie, D.D.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Nieto will lecture at the
synagogue of the Congregation Beth Men
achim Streisand, 335 Minna street, to
morrow (Saturday), at 4 p. m.
FORTUNATE NATIVE SON,
Fred "Whitney, Formerly of This City,
Striken It Kich in British Columbia.
Fred Whitney, a native son of this City
and the sou of the founder of Whitney's
Express, has struck it rich in the British
Columbia mines, and is on a visit to this
City to purchase mining machinery for
his claim.
Two years ago he went from Portland,
Oregon, where he had been in business,
to Revelstoke, B. C, and obtained a posi
tion on a steamer running to that point.
Later he went into mining, and bought a
c aim from a broken-down miner for $100.
Another c aim was obtained for merely
grub-staking a prospector, and it is this
claim that has turned out a small bo
nanza.
The surface croppings went eighty
ounces of slyer and $8 in gold, and now,
at thirty feet, ore that runs $60 In gold to
the ton has been struck. The mine is
convenient to plenty of water, and $90,000
was recently refused for a fifth interest.
A 20-stamp mill hns been purchased and
.will be set up as soon as it can be shipoed
to the mine.
JUDGE CARROLL COOK READING HIS DECISION IN THE CCCNEY CASE.
GROEZINGER IS ANGRY.
The Justice of the Peaca Will
Tell a Strange Story to
Judge Seawall.
He Claims That H- Was Indued to
Mistiknly Sim a Judgment
by Saarp Practice.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger will ap
pear before Judge Seawall Tuesday morn
ing in answer to a writ of rej/iew petitioned
for by counsel for J. S. Reid in his suit as
assignee for M. Friedman & Co. against
Mrs. Pauline Selig. The proceedings will
be enlivened by Justice Groezinger'-. state
ment concerning the facts in the case.
The Justice says that the suit against
Mr-. Selig was to recover $ 147 alleged to
be due for furniture purchased on the in
stallment plan. The testimony was that
Mrs. Selig had paid all but $22 90, but the
claim was made that as all the install
ments had not been paid the furniture
must be returned also.
The Justice nave judgment for $22 90
only. The next day the judgment was
handed to the Justice 'to a irn. He was
busy, and supposing that the judgment
was for the amount he had named on the
bench he signed it. The defendant showed
him that be had signed a judgment lor
$147. Then he went to the clerk of the
court and had the judgment changed to
$22 90. This brought about the petition
lor a writ of review.
The judgment was rendered January 19
and wa- changed on the following day.
On the 30th of January Mrs. Selig paid
$29 40, and agreed to pay $22 80 more with
in thirty-one days. This nas excited Jus
tice Groezinger's wrath, in view of the tes
timony that Mrs. Selig had paid prior to
the hearing before him all but $22 90 of
the face of tbeclaim. The transactions
after the judgment are evidenced by the
following:
San Irani- Jan. 30, 1597.
Received from Mis. P. Selig the sum of
(28 40, with the express understanding that
the receiving of the said sum will not In miy
manner affect my rights under the judgment
rendered lv my tavor in the justice* Court of
the City and County of San Frauciseo, action
So. 94,280, on the— day of January. 1897,
ior the recovery of the personal properiv de
scribed in the complain i in the said action, or
for the payment of $147, in case delivery of
the said properly could not be had; and that
the said payment is not iv any manner to be
construed as a satisfaction or partial satisfac
tion of the said judgment, and I agree upon
the payment to me of $22 80, II paid within
thirty-one d«ys from this date, to eater a com
plete satisfaction of the said judgment of
record in the said court.
J. a Rkip, plaintiff.
To this is appended the following:
I agree to the above. Pauline Selig.
* — ♦ — •
Last Lecture by Ite v. Ila.kcit Smith.
Rev. Haskett Smith will give a lecture at the
Association Auditorium,- Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock on
"The Pyramid Builders." This will be the
last in the special course and will bo worth
hearing, as it is said to b .• the best of the scries.
He will show many beautiful views of th
pyramlds and of otner wonders of this land
aud tell of the customs of its inhabitants.
The Future of Democracy.
Chairman W. H. Alvord of the Democratic
Suite Committee will adaress the delegates to
the conference: of Iroquois clubs at Pythian
Hull to-morrow afternoon on the "Future of
the Democratic Party in California. The pub
lic is Invited.
Advances male on fuinittm* and pianos .with
or without removal. Koouan, 1017-1073 Mission.
A JURY MUST
HEAR THE CASE
Judge Carroll Cook Denies
a Motion to Dismiss
Cooney.
The Decision I. Tantamount to
Holding the Notary for
Trial.
Mrs. Craven ani the Fair Interests
Preparing lor the Fight on the
Pencil Dee s.
The merits of the Cooney case a.c to go
to a jury for final consideration. Judge
Carroll Cook rendered a decision yester
day morning denying the motion made
two weeks ago by the attorneys for the
defense to dismiss the case for lack of evi
dence. Tins is tantamount to holding the
young notary for trial before the Superior
Court on the charge of perjury made some
time ago by Charles L. Fair. The burden
of young Fair's complaint is tbat Cooney
swore falsely when he put his notarial
certificate to the famous pencil deeds ol
Mrs. Craven certifying that the dead mil
lionaire acknowledged the documents
before him on September 27. 1894.
Both sides in tbe famous ca->e were well
represented. Cooney's attorneys. Patrick
A. Ready, Juige 8. C. Denson and \V. \V.
Foote, had seats by the young man's side.
District Attorney Barnes, George A.
Knight and Captain Lees were ther* for
tne prosecution. Garret McEn-rney and
Richard V. Hey looked on for the admin
lsiraiors.
The deci-ion was a lengthy one, ami
consumed aitnoat two hours in reading.
Judge Cook opened by a rehearsal of the
law on perjury. He told the lawyers
that tie had spent two whole days reading
the voluminous evidence bearing on the
case. Tne man who was prosecuting
might be rich, said the magistrate, but
that was no reason why a poor man he
was prosecuting should escape being
found guilty.
"So f«r as I am concerned the pauper
and the millionaire are otic and the same
to me," added Judge Cook.
It was necessary, he continued, on a
charge of perjury, to have the testimony
of two witnesses or one witness and cor
roborating circumstances. Circumstan
tial or documentary evidence alone would
not fit the case. Judge Cook then re
viewed the evidence given by Herbert
Clark, the former valet of the million
aire. Clark, so the court thought, gave a
satisfactory account of the doint*s of the
bonanza king on September 27, 1894.
Clark did not remomi.er that Fair vis
ited the young notary's oilice on that day,
although his evidence showed that his em
ployer was several times in his movements
within a few steps of the notary's place of
business. Cooney himself, said the court,
corroborated this story to acertain extent
when hesaid he was not personally ac
quainted with Ihe millionaire.
Judge Cook went on to say thai the
record of the transaction in Cooney's book
seemed to have some evidence ot change
of figures in the date lines. He also thought
two kinds of inkhad been used in the cc r
tificates on the deeds.
The different witnesses from the Crocker
printing-bouse, who were called by the
prosecution to prove that on Jannasf 8.
1896, a lot of blanks contained the words
"to me," were of little value in the ruse
except to recall that these blanks con
tained man.* typographical effects.
The prosecution had pointed out over
sixty of tbese defects in these blanks,
which it claimed were identical with mulls
in printing in the certificates on the pen
cil deeds. Cooney's attorneys had found
as many "dissimilarities." •
"In one place on line eleven the attor
neys for the defense pointed out twenty
nine dots in a blank space," said Judge
Cook, "where but twenty-eight dots were
visible in the .proof of the Crocker blank
of January 8, 1896 For a long time this
discrepancy puzzled tue. I could not see
how ihe extra dot could creeo into the
certificate, and I was on the point ol
throwing all this evidence out when* by
the aid of a very powerful microscope 1
discovered just the faintest indication of
this extra dot in the Crocker proof. 1
then examined the matrix and found that
it existed there, although imperfectly. The
other discrepancies which the defendant's
attorneys declare exist I think mr-y be
the result of imperfections in the paper on
which the proof was taken and the man
ner in which the proof was taken."
The court then formally denied the
motion to dismiss the young notary.
"It is not my duty to determine whether
the defendant be guilty of the crime
charged, or not," Judj-e Cook said in final
explanation of his finding. "This is
merely a preliminary examination and I
am not required ;o look for proof. It is
the existence or non-existence of testi
mony tending to establish probable cause
for one to believe him guilty that I am
called upon to determine. Whether such
testimony proves guilt, in other words
whether it is to be believed, is a question
for a jury to pass upon, not I."
. When the decision had been read At
torney Reddy ro?e in reply to the court's
reference to the rich and poor. Reddy
■■aid he never contended for a moment
that because a man was wealthy it was
any reason why he should not have the
protection of the court against crime. "I
spoke merely of the power of a wealthy
Urooknian, senior warden; Charles J.
man to obtain evidence to convict against
'he inability of a poor man to obtain evi
dence to defend himself. I was contrast
ing the' power of the one with the weak
ness of the other," said the lawyer. Judge
Cook said possibly he had misunderstood
the lawyer's argument, and good feeling
returned.
Both Mrs. Craven and the special ad
ministrators of the estate say they are
ready to proceed with the big civil suit
over the pencil deeds on Tuesday morning
before Judge Slack. It was rumored last
night that Magistrate Cook's decision re
garding Cooney might be the means of
postponing the othercase. Mrs. Craven's
attorneys declare tney are anxious and
willing to go to trial. The Fair people
are similarly emphatic in their assertions,
so it begins to look as if the -famous suit
is finally to be a court attraction. Specu
lation is rile concerning the time it will
take to hear the case. The general belief
is that it will take tine* months to hear
the evidence, as there are innumerable
witnesses who have never yet been heard
of in connection with the case on the slate
of each side.
A MASONIC EVENT.
Dedication of a N'.-w Scottish Kite Hall
in the City of Los
Angeles.
Thomas H. Caswell, grand commander
of the Supreme Council southern juris
diction of the United States, W. Frank
Pierc?, inspector-general for California
and Charles F. Crocker, grand master of
| the KnicbtsJKadosh, Grand Consistory of
I California, and Charles L. Patton, past
; grand master of the Knights Kadosh of
the Grand Consistory of California, primate,
| left yesterday afternoon in Colonel Crock
i er's private car for Los Angeles to be pres
ent on Monday in thai city and take part,
in the deHicatiou of the new Scottish rite
hall in the Masonic Temple.
The ceremonies of dedication will be
conducted by Thomas ri. Caswell, grand
commander Supreme Council southern
jurisdiction of the United States; W.
Prank Pierce, inspector-general for Cali
fornia; Charles P. Crocker, grand master
of Kadosh. Grand Consistory o Califor
nia; IredS. Langdon, master oi Kadosh,
Occidental Consistory; C. L. Patton. past
grand master Knights Kadosh of Grand
Consistory of California, primate; Arthur
Willets, junior warden; Frank F. Davis,
orator; Henry S. Orrae, almoner; John
L. Pavcovich, secretary; Simon Conradi,
treasurer; Pni! S. Thompson, master of
ceremonies; Isaac Alexander McMillan,
captain of the guard. The musical direc
tor wiil be Theophilus Masac.
After the ceremony there will be a ban
quet, at which John D. Spreckels will re
spond to the toast "The Government of
the United States," W. Frank Pierce to
"The Scottish Rite." Tnomas H. Caswell
to "The Supreme Council for the Southern
Jurisdiction of the United States," Charles
P. Crocker to "The Grand" Consistory of
ornia." Charles L. Patton to "The
Grsnc Lodge of California," Frank D-vis
to "Visiting Brethren." Rev. Wyliys Hall
to "Memory of the Dead." Frank Rader to
"The Masonic Fraternity" and James R.
Dupuy to "Occidental Consistory."
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL.
The Efceeutfve Committee Ask the Su
pervisor!* to Set Apart Some Funds.
The executive committee of the Carni
val of the Golden Gate has addressed the
following communication to the Board of
Supervisors:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors—Gen
tlemen: The members of the i xeeutive com
mittee of the Carnival oi the Golden Gate are
de Iron* of placing befora the numbers of your
honorable body an applica'ion for a portion ot
the fund setups rt by Law for the purpose of in
ducing Immigration to the City and county.
The experience of other cities has demon
strated that affairs similar to the Carnival of
the Golden Gate have been productive of <.*-reat
good to the citizens of those places. San Fran
cisco has always been behind the rest of ihe
Mate in the presentation of her claims as a
most desirable place of residence. Support
has heretofore been given to many things
which did not promise as much good as will
the coming carnival.
We, therefore, respectfully ask your honor
able board to set apart as much of the $2500
annually appropriated under this law as in
your judgment may seem fit.
By the Executive Committee.
Hesperian Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West intends to give an enter
tainment and party for the benefit of the
carnival next Saturday evening. The
members of the parlor are working assid
uously to make the affair a grand financial
and social success.
EXAMINEES APPOINTED.
Two Physicians Who Will look After
the Eyed of School Children.
Chairman Samuel L. Waller of the
Finance Committee of the Board of Educa
tion notified Dr. Charles F. McCarthy and
Dr. James F. Smith of this City yester
day that they had been appointed on the
board of medical examiners of the School
Department.
Their special duty will be to examine
the eyes of the pupils of the public schools
to see that proper care is taken not to
strain these orgaus. They will be required
to make monthly reports of their investi
gations and parents will be kept posted as
to the condition of tbeir children's eyes
so that they may be supplied with glasses
in case such a measure is necessary.
Trinity M. K. Church Will Enlarge.
The Trinity Methodist Church is preparing
to enlarge its church accommodations and
a. so to build a row of seven stores on one side
of its elegant lot. The contract is to be let at
once. The improvements in the church build
ing include a corner tower and surmounted
by a steeple, which will, greatly improve the
appearance of the church front.
Martha Washington Dinner Party.
The ladles of Simpson Memo rial Method!.*
Episcopal Church will give a Msrtha Wash
ington dinner party in the parlors of their
church at Hayes and Buchanan - streets to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock lollowed by an
entertainment. Tne ladles will be pleased . to
have a goodly number of their neighbors
present. : 7-v"".v
KT.Xf TO-DAT.
A "I have used Ayer's Cherry Pec- ► Onfl^f fiUf. Prtllrt*J_ rt
J toral in my family for twenty years, I OSO-I UiiU UDU__j!l A
A and recommend it to others for f ; .v - __ ** §
SW p J^es->/*^m* em
A coughs and colds, and whooping a _. __„_, ' .^ _,„„«_. „x A
X cough. Have never known a single J The man Who SCOffs at *
A case of whooping cough that it » friendly advice to "take §
A failed to relieve and cure, when* £ Something Or that COUgh," A
¥ m, ** m '***'*'*'-*>*'se*mm. vvrvvv^T, v * will keep on coughing, •
J until he changes his mind or changes his earthly J
5 residence. Singular, isn't it, how many stubborn people 5
§ persist in gambling, with health as the stake, when %
V they might be effectually cured of cough, cold, or lung P
? trouble, by a few doses of 9
| Ayer's Cherry Pectoral. $
A . * This testimonial will be found in full in Aver's "Curebook" with a A
A hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. §
e\**a\\*+r*m\\*s\\r* m %e%%\ *s%\tsM^W*sm\e» "A/(»/«/A/_V*>y«l4^*v«i^ *M%*4%«CMMMfc^^X
WAITING FOR THE
MAYOR'S RECOVERY
Cuban Ccmmittee Will Be
Called Together at That
Time.
A Torpdo Invent or Wants a
Chance at Spanish Vessels
of War.
Professor Brown of St.*nf rd Univer
st? S. nds a Novel F.nancial
Suggestion.
Only the continued illness of Mayor
Phelan, whose presence is desired, pre
vents the leaders of the movement in
favor of Free Cuba from calling together
the representative committee recently ap
pointed by the Mayor for the purpose of
arranging for a mass-meeting.
Ii was intended to send out the notice
of meeting to-day so that the gathering
could be held at an erly date, bat Mr.
Phelan's secretory telephoned to Secre
tary Mascherini of the Cuban sym
pathizers that the chief executive of the
municipal government was still confined
to his apartments and the matter was
postponed. A hall centrally located will
be secured and an hour set for the meet
ing that will be convenient to all of the
members of the committee.
It is probable that little will be done at
this preliminary meeting beyond arrang
ing for the first mass-meeting and receiv
ing suggestions a.* to ihe best means -of i
rendering tangibe aid to the struggling '
Cuban patriots.
If all those who call at the Cuban head
quarters to offer assistance could be ac
commodated it would of necessity be a
large snip that could carry them all to the
troubled isle. Men come every day w-.o
want to shoulder a rifl - and face the Span
ish armies, ami they are often sorely dis
appointed when told that it is not tne
purpose of the sympathizers to send
armed men to Cuba, but rather to raise
funds to buy ammunition, medicines and
other supplies, and still nirther to aid the
cause by showing to Congress the feeling
ol tue people of San Francisco regarding
the struggle now going on in tne island.
Among yesterday's callers was Pro
fessor J. H. L Tuck, who is the inventor
of a submarine torpedo system suitable
for Cuban waters. He said that, though
73 years of age, he was ready to go at any
time to Cuba to iay death-dealing bombs
under the placid waters of the rivers so
that the destruction of Spanish ships-of
war might be compassed.
When told that such a project was pre
mature, and that the committee ap
pointed by the Mayor "must decide
whether such a scheme was advisable, he
a*«ked leave to attend the meetine and ad
dress the members on the subject.
Letters from all parts of the State con
tinue to reach the headquarters offering
armed as well as financial aid, and many
contain suggestions as to the methods to
be used in raisin-*; funds. One that was
received yesterday from Professor Brown
of the Leland Stanford Jr. University con
tained a novel suggestion which struck
the leaders forcibly. The letter read as
follows:
Leland Stanford Jr. University, >
California. Feb. 17, 181)7 j
Ch lirman of Committee of Fifty for the Cuban
League of the United States — Heap. Sir: iVuen
Mayor Phelan was st this university recently
he asked me If I would serve.on your commit
tee, but I do not know whether I nave been
made a member .»r not. I *auggeste<i to Mr.
Phelan a plan which ho said 1 aiiould lay be
lore your committee. Ii has been very wel]
thought of by those to whom 1 have spoken
here. It is that, instead of the usual appeal
for small amounts of spot, oh — dlowed by
total forge tfulness of the cause here be circu
lated and blanks printed in tne papers lor it
a subscription asking for
a CENT a day FOR the war,
Payable monthly in advance in postage
stamps. H_f?%S
This is within the reach of all. and all who
sign are sure to keep interested in the work.
It is so small that if it were set off with the
proper boom almost every one would sign it,
and it would doubtless spread and be a great
factor in helping to strengthen the arm of
Cuba against Spain. I have just suggested It
to the league in New York. Very irul*/ yours,
Bolton Coit Brown, Professor.
President Jones and Secretary Masche
rini of the sympathizers are anxiously
awaitine a reply to their letter to Colonel
Ethan Allen of the New York headquar
ters informing him of the appointment of |
the committee oy Mayor Phelan and ask
ing suggestions as to the best method of
organizing in this City.
It has been erroneous'v stated in the I
Examiner that Professor B. C. .Brown of !
Stanford University had been at p inted j
by Mayor Phelan as chairman of tne com- '
mittee of fifty. Mayor Phelan has not
appointed a chairman, nor does he intend
to directly.
"Mr. Jones, President of the league in
this City, states that from what he can
learn the Mayor's plan was to have the
committee meet with the ollicers of the
league and then appoint as chairman
some gentleman suggested by the pres
dent. The purpose in this is Mint the
KEW TO-DAT.'
There is a queer notion
going that tea is cheaper if
you buy it loose by the
pound. "'•People who,, think
that way forget that the best
part of the tea-flavor escapes
first. {
Your money back if you
don't like Schillings Best.
X Schilling & Company
_ Sim a ««* ci sco MS
officers of the league, being the more «
familiar with the work in hand, would
suggest one who will be able to be of
direct benefit to the Cuban cause.
President Jones has received a letter
from B. C. Brown, in which the latter
states that he is organizing a branch
league in behalf of Cuba at the Stanford
Jr. University and another in Palo Alto.
He is kept very busy holding meetings
and finding speakers, hut so far he has
met with good success.
FIXING WATER RATE 3.
City and County Attorney Creswell
Gives the Supervisors an Opinion.
City and County Attorney Creswell
has addressed a communication to the
Board of Supervisors r dative- to the rising
of water rates. He rinds that tbe law says
they must be fixed in February of each
year, but they can be fixed later; though
in not fixing them in February the Super
visors are liable to punishment.
The conclusion of his communication is
as follows:
The authority then to ' fix the rates must
continue beyond the month of February, or
mandamus would not lie to compel the per
formance of that duty. The power of the
board does not lapse in consequence ol official
inaction in the month of February. Thoupn
the rates have not been lixed within the time
prescribed by the constitution, it is still tho
duty of the board to fix the rates, and if not
done voluntarily the board may be compelled
to perform its duty by the mandate of the
court. That which may be enforced by law
cannot be illegal if done voluntarily.
IN ANNUAL CONFERENCE.
Delegates From In. quoin Clubs of the
State Will Gather Here To-Morrow.
The annual conference of Iroquois clubs
for California will be held in Pythian Hall
to-morrow at 10 a.m. in celebration of
Washington's birthday. There will be a
representation of many clubs by dele
gates, each club being entitled to one
delegate and one for every twenty mem
bers. Lawrence J. Welch, grand secre
tary, has sent out a circular letter of invi
tation. In response to this favorable an
swers had been received yesterday from
clubs^outside of San Francisco as follows:
Gilroy. Grass Valley. Lodi, Marysville,
Martinez, Oikland, Petaluma, Redwood
City, San Rafael, Sausalito, St. Helena,
Stockton, Sacramento. Tracy, Vacaville,
Vallejo, Alameda and San Luis Obispo.
Tne delegates wtll be entertained by the
San Francisco Iroquois Club.
Meluucthun'g Celebration.
The German branch of the Young Men's
Christian Association will hold a special ser
vice this aiternoon at 3 o'clock in commemora
tion of the four hundredth anniversary of
Philip Melaiicthon's birthday. Rev. F.
Bowen will deliver the address and the choir
of one ot the German churches will sing soma
of the old German hymns. The admission is
free and ladies as well as gentlemen are
cordially Invited to attend. The service will
be heid in the German hall of the Y. M. C. A.
building, corner Ellis and Mason streets.
A Concert Postponed.
The farewell concert to Miss -Catherine Black
that was to have been held In Metropolitan
Temple next Wednesday evening, February
24; has been postponed to March 31. Miss
Black states that all the tickets ior next
Wednesday are good for Marcri 31.
KEW TO-DAT. <7, -
FOR
AND
Stubborn Colds
"Sevent* seven" Cures Both.
The symptoms of I.a (>'ri]ipe as de-
scribed by phys dans are to like a Cold
as to baffle the skilled practitioner. First
a slight fever with chills, followed by a
catarrhal condition of the head, descend-
ing to the throat nnd even to the larynx
and bronchial tubes. In most cases there
| is a most distressing and subborn cough.
! -The severer cases run for weeks unless
checked by the use of Dr. Humphreys'
"77."
"77" cores Colds, Grippe, Influenza,
Catarrh, Pains in tbe Head and Chest,
I Cough and Sore Throat.
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
j eases at your . ruiigist's or Mailed Free.
a small lottle of pleasant pellets, fits your vest
i pocket. So d by drugs; s, or MM on receipt of
'. 25 cents, or five for $1. Humphreys' Medicine
' Company, corner William aud John streets. New
j York.
;^r.mcmltyT
T'Mis WELL KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
•1 Specialist cure* i'rivatP.Noi-vous.lilood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Maul v Power restored. Over
'.*0 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
flail j**6:.".o to «.:» ev'gw. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tioufree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROM OK MoXULTT, 51. ».,
261£ Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL AFHIODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
. of Loth sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
{ the kidneys and bladder. A great Kestoratlva,
invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own Merit*;
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NAItEIC. AX.srti & KKUNE, Agents.
333 Market St., S. F. — (Send for Circular)
(RnRDIL Blurs RKIJVIGOR.ITO&
ttjfl^'ndEjn Five hundred reward tor any case
£_•__! GSE_J cm no: cure. THIS SECRET KEJI-
B M E./Y stop? all losses in 24 hours.
K?3 E-3_R cures Emissions, lmpotency, Varico-
tfivi Rffl c " le *-'«>" ,I ™*"**- Gleet. Fits, Strlo-
__!_J _i___ ture^' " I<J 'JJ Disease and all wastlns
■32 So?* effects of -elf Abuse or Kxceaiei
HI I ■ WWII * Stf «-- scaled. $_ per bottle. TllR_.*
BOTTLES, *s*. guaranteed to cure any casa.
li*. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE?"
»a Broadway, Uaiclaud, Cat
All prtv mla aueaiMM quickly vur»a. beul tat
tree ooo*. 77: V S yy, .
78
TOE STRUGGLE
FOR DAILY BREAD
The Army of the Unem
ployed Increases Day
by Day.
Women and Children, Evicted
and Homeless, Seek Shelter
at the Armory.
Work on the Beu evarJ May Probably
B; Comm ncei Ttiis Week
Subscriptions Waned.
Work necessary for the relief of the im
mediate wants of .the great army of the
Unemployed is almost at liana. The com
mittee having the mailer in charge that
headed by. Mayor Phelan — has progressed
rapidly with the work. All the prelimi
naries incident to beginning operations on
the boulevard, which will set the men to
earning their living, are completed, anil
all that now remains is a subscription of
■Kutlicient funds with which to warrant a
beginning. This should be the least con
sideration and will no doubt be completed
quickly.
The committee sets the figure necessary
to be subscribed for the full completion of
the work at $50,000. Not all of this, of
course, is necessary for a beginning. Al
ready a number of voluntary subscrip
tions have been made, amounting to
nearly $2000. These include the follow
ing:
A. B. Spreckels $500
ingles Itacetrack 500
Mayor Phelan *-50
Tne Examiner "50
_he subscription by Mayor Phelan is in
addition to the $250 which he had already
subscribed for the immediate relief of the
unemployed..
The barracks at 614 Howard street pre
sented yesterday a strong argument for
the need of speedy relief. The big cheer
less place was crowded with disconsolate
men.
ln a room scarcely forbidden to the
crowd, set apart for the committee who
had the work of the organization in
charge, but which was also filled with
men and noisy with their coming and
going, were two women, one having a
child and the other two children. They
had no other shelter. Both had husbands
in good health, willing to work but unable
to find any.
One of them, with the two children, had
been evicted from a sort of underground
apartments at 13)' 3 Clara street. The
husband in this case was Louis Drechsler.
It is a three-story house. he says, of
which the upper Hat only was rented.
Their rent was $9 a month and they were
in arrears for three months. Tho owner
of the hou-e, he thinks, is in Germany
and an a^ent loots after the property.
The premise**; were not rented to any
other person, and yet they were turned
iuto the street. A neighbor wno had
some vacant space allowed them to store
their few household goods and they were
compelled to seek shelter at the barracks
with the general multitude of the unem
ployed. Hraschler is a shoemaker, but
Pas been unable to rind any work at his
trade for a long time.
Webster Hicks is the husband in the
other case. His wife and little girl of 10
years are trimly dressed and seemed to
have been well cared for. They have no
property of any kind and have been occu
pying cheap lodgings on Kearny street
until their credit was exhausted.
The regis ry books are rapidly filling up
and the number of signers seeking em
ployment now number nearly 1500. A
separate registry was opened for men
having families, and in an hour it con
tained the names of eight having a family
of two in need of relief, lour having a
family of three, four having a family of
lour, live with a family of five, one with a
family of six, one with a family of seven,
two with a family of eight, and one with
a family of ten.
This was within an hour after the book
was opened, and the number continually
increased.
A committee of fivo was appointed to in
vestigate the needs of families reported to
be in distress.
Other committees were appointed to
solicit provisions, cooking utensils and
money.
These committees were armed with
credentials signed by Chairman Leffing
well, so that impostors might be easily
recognized by the charitable. Collectors
report lather slow progress, although the
big fami.y is kept fed, at least. Benches
and tables wera manufactured from a
donation of rough .umber. About 500
men were fed yesterday. The Y. M. C. A.
of the Mission sent a large number of
■sandwiches.
The cooking is done and meals served in
the gallery of the big hall.
Two electric arc lights were put in yes
terday, so that the place wat well lighted
last night. The greatest need of the great
number, who know no other lodging, is a
largo stove, coal and blankets.
'The number of unemployednow in this
City is estimated by the Labor Commis
sioner to be from 8000 to 10,000, including
not only the daily laborers but a large
number of artisans, such as painters, car
penters, plumbers and mechanics of all
kinds. The amount needed for the insur
ing of sufficient work to alleviate this dis
tress is about $50,000. Three years ago,
in connection with the work done in the
park for similar relief purposes, the sum
'of $'J2,000 was subscribed.
The proposed roadway has been sur
veyed and laid out through a series of
months past, principally at the instance
cf ihe Boulevard Association, so that
those features which would ordinarily re
quite a lengthy time for preparation have
airradj* been provided.
The proposed road will extend from
Seventh avenue and the park, immedi
ately adjoining the Olympic Club grounds,
in a southerly direction past Lake Honda,
near the Almshouse, and thence toward
the Ingleside, connecting with the road
way leading to the Ocean boulevard and
also with the roadway leading in the oilier
direction, toward Ocean View.
At the same point the proposed boule
vard connects with a direct roadway to be
laid out in the future southward into San
Mateo County. The proposed road runs
principally through property belonging to
the City, to the Spring Valley Water
Works and to Adolph Sutro. Arrange
ments have been made, through the co
operation of all these, so that the land
necessary for this roadway to the width of
100 feci will be deeded cr dedicated to this
purpose of a boulevard.
The Spring Valley Water Company
have offered to supply at their own cost
any surveying and engineering necessary
in connection with the work. Mr. Sutro
offers from his adjacent land rock neces
sary for macadamizing.
A large number of wheelbarrows, shov
els, etc., will be obtained from the Park
Commissioners. The Merchants' Associa
tion have offered to co-operate and place
at the disposal of the committee their
rooms and their machinery of organiza
tion. The Chamber of Commerce have
offered their rooms and equipment as
headquarters for the committee meetings.
The Boulevard Association offers to super
v.se ail worK of actual construction. 'The
Associated Charities offer their services
in investigating or reporting upon all ap
pllca'ions for employment so' that th*
biib-cilbjd funds shall be applied only to
those actually deserving and needing this '
employment.
The final arrangements for the right of :
way, deeds of land, etc., were completed I
only yesterday, and the committee will '•
now take in hand the matter of subscrip- ;
tions aud within a few days expect to or- j
ganize the work. Already a number of '
subscriptions have been voluntarily of- '.
fered, including $500 from A. B. Spreckels, |
$250 from Mayor Phelan in addition to
what he has already given, $250 from the
Examiner, $500 from the Ingieside race
track and other sums.
Subscriptions may be made at the office j
of any ot the daily papers, at the Mer- I
chants' Association (Mills building), at I
the Chamberof Commerce, at the Mayor's
office or to any of the committee.
Subscriptions will be collected on in- .
stallment from those who prefer that this
be done. Publication will bo made by the |
committee presently of the place where
applications for employment should be •
made. This must be postponed until an
adequate subscription is assured. The j
committee appointed by the Mayor is as ;
follows: .
A. B. Spreckels, 1. M. Scott, H. J. i
Crocker, J. ,1. Moor*, J C. Kirkpatrick, J. j
C. Johnson. L. K. lert, S. W. Backus, }
Joseph D. Grant, James M. Conwell, P. ;
N. Lilienthal. Daniel Meyer, F. W. Dohr
man John McCorrt, C. ('. Bemis, Colonel
W. C. Little, Herman Bob ussier, K. W.
Hopkins, J. M. Conwell, K. L. Fitzgerald,
Con O'Connor, H. J. Tobin, A. S. Paid
win, C. W. McAfee, Harold Wheeler, j
James D. Phelan, Louis Sloss Jr., Hugh
Craig, W. M. Punk
This general committee will meet, on !
Tuesday at 11 a. M. at the Merchants' As- '
sociation, Mills building, and will then
determine uj on sub-committees, a place of
meeting and any other matter that may
come before it.
Ladles Lend a Hand.
The ladies' auxiliary of the Mission,
Y. M. C. A., 2319 Mission street, ate giving
their sympathy and support to the unem
ployed. A large quantity of meat, sand-
Scene at the Eanquet Tendered to Judge McKenna by the Bar Association.
wiches and pies were given their commit
t-eman, Mr. Leffingwell, Friday night.
The ladies trill also solicit bedding and
other things to be used in furnishing
rooms that have been set apart for desti
tute women and children. Contributions
may be left at the office ol the Mission
Y. M. C. A., apd will then be placed in
the hands of duly authorize- committees
of tho unemployed for distribution.
Among the ladies who will see that all
contributions go to the right parties are
Mesdames Jenkin. Jenness, Holmes and
Heuer.
INTERSTATE BANQUET.
The Members ofthe Coursing Club As
semble Around tbe I'entive Board.
Tho first annual banquet of the Inter
state Coursing Club was held last night
at the Viticultural Restaurant, 315 Pine
street. The bringing together of the
members of the club was in following of
the example of all the coursing clubs in
England, where the club officers and
members meet at the festive board imme
diately after the drawings and before the
day of the coursing.
The members had a most enjoyable time
between disposing of ihe menu and the
enjoyment of wit and song as rendered by
those whose talents led in those direc
tions. After the repast President Shan
non gave a brief resume of the history of
coursing in California since 1867, when ex-
Sheriff Adams, Nat Curry, Judge James
C. Penny, Mike Skelly and a few others
started the first club in San Francisco.
Since that time coursing has assumed
a higher plane, and now through the
able management of Judge Grace the sport
has been elevated to a standard entitling
it to the favorable consideration of gentle
men of refinement and education. Around
the festive board the following gentlemen
were seated:
Dominlck Shannon, president; W. C. Peyton,
first vice-president; H. G. J.ayntr, second vice
president; John Grace,' judge; "J. F. Halton,
secretary; 8, W. Smith, treasurer; James F.
drace, slipper; T. J. Mollugh, James Wren, J.
R. Dickson, C. C. Griswold and H. 11. Devine,
field stewards; W. Haipin, slip steward; J.
•Sheehan, flag steward.
W. C. Peyton, L. 11. Burrell, 11. C. Klevesahl,
M. Traynor, J. J. Laskey, K. V. Sullivan, Wil
liam Kazan, David Dillon, M. J. Donovan, J.
H. Rofsiter, J. Dean, T.J. Cronin. John Perigo,
T. Butler.J. <». Haggerty, A. J. Foley, J. Halton,
W.Kay, A. P. t-iocuin.John Kerrigan, A.D.Haw
ley. J. Rocks, H. R. Baldwin, Al Austin,
Arthur Bennett, Thomas Hall, Harry Urn
man, J. M. Halton, Frank P. Hughes, Gerald
Goggins, George Gallagher, Barry E. Grace,
Joseph Mclnerney, Walter Elmer and B.
Dougherty.
The Grace and Phelan trophies, which
will be contested for to-day and to-mor
row, were on exhibition at the head of
the banquet table.
Baseball at Central Park.
The California Markets' and United
Regulars will play baseball at Central Park to
morrow afternoon. The line-up will be as fol
lows :
Cal. Market. Positions V. 8. Regular*.
Murphy firs. base. „ ... Kelly
Lariiugan Second base Cameron
Smith shortstop l**rey
Lee Third base Little
Iburg Pitcher Peddicord
Strleb Catcher. -Noyes
McMenomy Might field Ollson
Spenct-r Center field Meyers
warty i.e.t field Haines
Waterbury Kxtra Wheeler
Umpire— James McDouald.
Junior League Wilt Celebrate.
The Junior League of the Trinity Methodist
Church, Sixteenth and Market streets, give a
Washington's birthday entertainment to-mor
row evening, to consist of ropnatee cita
tions, songs and marches.
Advances made on Jnrnl'.nre and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noon an, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
LAWYERS HONOR
JUDGE McKENNA
Bar Association Banquets
California's Represent
ative in the Cabinet.
! Warm Words of Esteem and
Affection by His Fallow
I Attorneys.
j
' The Guest of Honor Speaks Feelingly
cf His Indebtedness to the
Bar.
There was nothing lacking in the cor
j diality with which the Par Association
j last evening honored its distinguished
| member. Judge Joseph McKenna, who is
i about to leave for Washington to assume
a position in the Cabinet of the President
elect. The farewell and congratulatory
! fete, for it was both of these, was in the
'form of a banquet idven by the associa
tion at its rooms at 530 California street.
j Covers had been laid for ninety, limited
strictly to the members of the association,
and there were but two or three absentees,
all of whom were unavoi lab y detaine I.
The menu was all that could be desired,
and the good cheer was discussed amid
almost boyish gayety. Between courses the
banqueters cracked many a merry quip,
which, though they may have suggested
to the uninitiated dry and musty tomes of
intricate law, were replete with cleverness
ami wit to the understanding of the legal
minds represented at the hoard. There
was music, too. A string orchestra fur
nished dulcet airs whenever it could dis
cern an opening, but oftener the room
rang with rollicking college songs and,
never was "He's a Jolly Good Fellow"
sung with more energy and fervor.
Robert Y. Hayne, "the President of the
association, acted as toastmaster. In in
troducing the first speaker he said:
"We are met here to-night as lawyers
to do honor to a fellow lawyer, and as
Californians we are proud of a Califor
nian.
"It is a matter of congratulation that
we are to have a representative in the
highest councils of the nation. We have
shown tbe nation that on occasion we can
sink our petty d fferences and there is one
whom we all delight to honor. Gentle
men, I ask you to drink the health of
Judge McKenna."'
The Invitation to drink to Judge Mc-
Kenna's|h(alih was acquiesced in with
enthusiasm. R sing the hosts drank the
toast, then appiauded and then cheered.
When Judge McKenna rose to speak it
was some moments before they would
cease their ovation to allow him to pro
ceed.
When order was restored, Judge Mc-
Kenna said": "Wendell Phillips said in one
of his lectures, 'People should be judged
by their idols.' I should not like to make
even a partial application of that, nor
would I dare to take it the other
way and regard this occasion as being
tendered to me. And perhaps it is not to
me. Is It not rather to my office Jcnes of
No.No !"] and if so may I not accept it With
out a mortifying sense ol my unfitnass?
If it is my office then this is only a cele
bration in which lam an actor. Yet the
part assigned to m- is a most grateful one,
and I thank you from a heart filled with
emotions which I cannot express.
. "When I was placed upon the bench I
was known professionally to but few of
you anil was by many, I fear, regarded as
rather a dangerous experiment. May I
not say that that feeling of distrust soon
vanished? [Cries of 'You may.'] May I
not say that whatever may have been the
defect, in the decisions of the Circuit
Court it was never the result of the un
fairness of the Judge? 1 wish to say that
I did not learn fairness on the bench.
"There were some things I did not learn
upon the bench, and for the courtesy and
patienc9 of the bar 1 have much to be
thankiul. The ability of the bar was my
instructor.
"Have not even famous decisions had
their beginning at the bar? With every
step in judicial progress from the lawyers'
intelligence has sprung the idea. ' How.
dependent, tbereiore, is the bench upon
the bar, and reciprocally how dependent
is the bar upon the bench. [Laughter.]
No good bench without a g< od bar; no
good bar without a good bench.
"If this were more thoroughly under
stood and no word heard whicn was unlalr
to either we would not hear of schemes to
discipline the bench and the bar. No
greater discipline would be needed than
the ambition of the bench to retain the
respect of the bar and of the bar to main
tain the respect of the bench.
"This has been my ambition, and for
tbis reason • I value this testimonial to
night. I will carry wilh me to my new
place a hope that I will so administer my
duties as to deserve at their expiration
the happiness of like approval."
Judge McKenna was roundly applauded
nt the conclusion of his remarks. Charles
W. Page was the next speaker. He was
called upon to respond to the sentiment,
"Tho Federal Courts." ,
In introducing him Judge Hayne said
that though Mr. -Page was not a member
of th" Federal court tie was amply quali
fied to be. To this Mr. Page responded
that if Mr. McK'nlev was as wise as he was
reputed . he would consult with Judge
McKenna in the nominations for judicial
positions and he suggested that the name
of Judge Hayne be mentioned to the
President in case he ever wished to fill
any odd vacancy in the Supreme Court
with a Democrat.
Mr. Page then sooke of the great
power for good which the judiciary has
exercised for the country. "The constitu
tion was made ten times stronger," he
cl a red, "by the master minds that inter
preted It than its framer ever intended."
He paid a glowing tribute to judges who
have presided over the Ninth Circuit in
the past, and particularly to the guest of
the evening.
Justice T. B. McFarland, |in a witty
speech, responded to the sentiment, "The
Supreme Court." He related the novel
and complex conditions which had sur
rounded the highest judiciary of this
State throughout its history, and spoke of
the improvements of the last few years in
facilitating litigation in the Supreme
Court.
Judge J. V. Coffey spoke of "The Supe
rior Courts of San Francisco." His re
marks were humorous save where he re
ferred to tho warm personal friendship
which had for many years existed between
himself and the guest of the evening.
Judge Waymire responded to the senti
ment, "Our Legislators." He told of the
present Legislature as viewed from the
standpoint of a lawyer, and stated he had
come to feel he could best serve his coun
try by preventing legislation.
"I desire to congratulate Judge Mo-
Kenna," he said, "upon the broad field of
responsibility which he is about to enter,
and I desire to congratulate California,
which he will represent so faithfully and
so well." He dwelt at length upon the
claims which California had to the con
sideration of the country.
A. C. Freeman responded eloquently to
"The Bar Association."
The following were at the table:
Justice T. B. McFarland, Judge W. W. Mor
row, Justice W. 11. Beatty, Commissioner John
Havnes, Judge T. P. Hawley, Justice W. C.
Van Fleet, Commissioner K. W. Britt. J. M.
Allen, Milton Andross, Columbus Bartiett, F.
D. Brandon, Don Y. Campbell, K. L. < ampbell,
11. C. Campbell. A. Cotnte Jr.. A. R. Cotton,
Judges J. V. Coflev, Charles W. Slack. Edward
A. Belcher, J. c. liehbard, C. Cook. F. H. Dunn,
John Hum, G. H. Bahrs, W. R. Daingerfield,
W. T. Wallace, James M. Sea well, 1. S. Belcher;
William Craig, F. P. Deering, Henry Eicklioff,
M. S. Eisner. W. 11. Fllield, J. E. Fonlds, C N.
Fox, A. C. Freeman. P. G. Galpin, M.
L. Gerstle, W. Good-allow, William Grant,
W. C. Graves. C. F. Hanlon, R. T. Harding, R.
V. Hnyne. W. F. Herrin, W. J. Herrin, E. B.
Holla-lay, Joseph Hutchinson, W. 11. Jordan,
Curtis Lindley, Davis Lauderback, E. 'J. Mc-
Cutchen, E. W. McGraw. a. F. Mor
rison, Michael Mullany, M. H. Myrlck,
Frank Otis, Chares Page. Judge Van R.
Paterson, E. S. Pillsbury, C. P. Pomeroy, E. F.
Preston, G. A. Rankin, J. B. Reinstein, T. D.
Riordan, E. 11. Rixtord, Arthur Rodgers. S. M.
Shortridge. J. F. Sullivan, E. R. Tavior, Wil
liam Thomas. G. W. Towlo Jr.. T. C. Van Ness,
M. A. Wheaton, Alfred Wheoler, C. S. Wheeler,
F. A. Whitcomb, M. S. Wilson, J. A. Wright,
T. I. Bergen, T. B. Bishop, J. T. Boyd. J. M.
Burnett, O. P. Evans, R. 11. Lloyd, F. B. Mas
tick, F. G. Newlands, Warren "Olnev, E. J.
I'ruigle, li. A. Powell. J. A. Stanly, J." A. Way
mire, S. M. Buck, G. C. Ross, Walter Van Dyke,
George J. Martin, J. M. Lilienthal.
SCHUEIZEN RIFLE OLTTBS.
Contests "Ihat Will Be Held To-Day at
the San Rafael lta.ges.
The California Schuetzen Club, the Ein
tracht Schuetzen Club and the San Fran
cisco Turner Schuetzen Section will hold
their monthly shooting contests at the
California Schuetzen Clab park to-day, and
it goes without saying that the marksmen
will enjoy a most pleasant outing before
the butts.
Dr. F. H. Bangs of San Jose is a most
enthusiastic lover of rifle-shooting. He
has constructed in the basement of bis
residence a shooting-range about 55 feet in
length, where he and his comrades prac
tice daily. The marksmen blaze away at
a target 3*4 inches in diameter, with a
1-inch black, divided Into four rings
counting 20, 22, 24 and 26 points, the
twenty-fifth ring being a quarter of an
inch in diameter.
Dr. A. M. Barker holds the record with
557 rings out of a possible 6*25 rings in
twenty-live shots.
A few weeks ago Dr. Bangs made the
following splendid record at a distance of
200 yards, on the twenty-live-ring *arget.
Score: 25, 25, 24, 23, 18, 23 22, 25, 25, 24—
230; 25, 22, 20, 23, 21,' 25. 24, 25, 20, 23-228;
to'al, 464.
The Nordoeutscher Schuetzen Club will
hold its first shooting festival of the sea
son at Shell Mound Park on March 7.
Cash prizes amounting to $225 will be
offered for competition. The distribution
of prizes will take place on tbe evening of
March 9, in Washington Hall, 35 Eddy
street. 7. -:•*-.;
The Sacramento Helvetia Rifle Club neld
its regular monthly medal shooting Sun
day last at their rifle range, near the
American River, with tho following re
sult: .
Champion class medal not won; first
class medal, A. Greisel, 399 rings; second
class medal, Zuest, 358; third class medal,
Zberg, 331.
After the close of the shooting Shooting
master A. Greisel presented to M. Miller
the handsome gold medal which the lat
ter had won by scoring during last year
the best six average center shots.
JUDGE CAMPBELL
ON CHOPSTICKS
Elaborate Toast at the Ban
quet of Yinn Yee
Kong Sow.
■*»
Given to Show the Real Char
acter of the Chinese
Population.
Chinese and Europeaa Bills of Fare
and Chinese Music— List cf
Thoss Present.
"Gentlemen, here's a toast to the ivory
chopsticKs of the Chinese, which, I must
admit, are far and away ahead of the
American fork, so far as eating Chinese
dishes is concerned."
The speaker was Police Judge Camp
bell, and the occasion of the toast the an
nual banquet of the Yinn Yee Kong Sow
Benevolent Association, held last evening
at the Hang Far Low restaurant, 713 Du
pont street. All the American guests
arose, and the toast was responded to with
a will.
Tho object of the invitation to the
American guests was that they might see
for themselves what are the romances
and customs of the Chinese what their
faults and failings; what their virtues
and vice; in what lies the difference be
tween the Chinese residents in this coun
try and their people at home in their na
tive land; in fact in what their civiliza
tion consists.
The Yinn Yee Kong Sow Benevolent
Association is one composed of merchants
and members of the families of Low,
Quong Chung and Chew, which are fam
ilies named after celebrated kings or em
perors, and from which each member
claims descent for at least 2200 or 2300
years.
The banquet began at 9 p. M., and con
sisted of a great many courses of the pecu
liar and celebrated dishes so pleasing to
the palate of the Oriental epicure.
At 7 p. m., or two hours prior to the ban
quet, the American guests who had ar
rived were shown the sights of the Chi
nese quarter by competent guides hired
for the occasion. There was a short so
journ also at the Washington-street The
ater. Here Supervisor Rottanzi created a
good deal of merriment by a farcical ex
planation of the characters in the differ
ent roles.
During the progress of the banquet Su
pervisor liritt slipped around and made
an arrangement with the Chinese musi
cians to flood the room with a torrent of
shrill "melody" at a preconcerted signal.
Then Supervisor Lackman was invited
to make a toast to the g. o. p. When he
was in the middle of a sonorous period
a signal was given, and a vast deal of mer
riment was created by the result. Lack
man gave up the toast as a bad job. But
the champagne still flowed.
The festivities were under the especial
direction of Attorney M. M. Foote. Those
invited were the Mayor, his secretary, the
Supervisors, the Police Judges, the prose
cuting attorneys and their assistants and
clerks, the several leading officers of the
Police Department and all Federal officials.
The following is a list of those who actu
ally attended:
Supervisors Haskins, Devany, Rottanzi,
Sheehan, Lackman, River.-,, Brit* and Morton,
Police Judge Campbell, Thomas J. Farrell, L.
Buckley, George M. Raoensieia, George L.
Shaw, School Director Samuel Waller, Attor
-116" John 11. Sheehan, O. Van Trott, 11. Jones,
P. 'C. Brock, John Saioy, D. C. Winsply,
W. F. Discey, J. 11. Scott, George
R. Armstrong, Robert L. Mann, F.
G. Downey, I*. N. Delaney, W. Shorey.W. W.
Tallant, 8. E. Moore. A. 11. Coney, T. J. Dyer,
J. A. Boyle, J. R. Heckman and wife, J. T.
Thomas, A, Campbell, C. A. Reynolds, Attor
ney M. M. Foote. C. C. J. Wire, Charles L.
Luge, Miss Viola Dunlap. Mis'. May Connors,
Chung Wing, president of the Yinn Y'ee Kong
Sow association, and many other Chinese dig
ui'.aries.
SUICIDE AT SEVENTEEN.
Emma Krinz, a Young Girl,
Swallow* a Dose of Rough
on Rats.
Her Sister Is at a Loss to Understand
the Motive That Prompted the
Deed.
Although but 17 years of age, Emma
Krinz, who resided with her sister on
Islais street, found that life's cares were
burdensome, and yesterday afternoon she
committed suicide. She left her sister
seated in a front room of her little home,
and going into one of the rear rooms
swallowed a dose of "Rough on Rats."
She was discovered a few moments after
in agony, and Dr. E. N. Torello was sum
moned. He worked on the patient for
several hours, but without avail. The
poison had taken too Arm a hold on the
girl's fragile constitution and she failed to
rally, dying at 9 o'clock.
Tho Coroner's office was notified, but
after an investigation it was decided that
the case was purely one of suicide, and the
body was allowed to remain in the house
where death had taken place.
The suicide's sister is heartbroken over
the tragedy. She is at a Joss to understand
the motive that prompted the young girl
to take her own life. She knows of no
love affair, no misery, no misfortune that
could have prompted the doed and it re
mains vested in mystery.
FOR DERELICTION IN DUTY.
Captain Koblnson of the City Prison
Prefers Charges Against Desk
Sergeant Shields.
Captain Robinson of the City Prison has
preferred charges before the Police Com
missioners against Desk Sergeant John
W. Shields.
Some months ago Chief Crowley issued
an order that the desk sergeants should
visit and inspect the cells during every
hall hour on the watch Irom 12 o'clock
midnight till 8 in the morning.
In tho complaint against Sergeant
Shields it is alleged tbat on eleven occa
sions between December 27 and February
13, both inclusive, tha sergeant tailed to
visit the cells in accordance with the
Chief's orders.
The hours mentioned in the complaint
are when the captain is not on duty, so
that it is supposed that be obtained his
information from "trusties" whom he
took into his confidence.
The captain sent for the sergeant at 6
o'clock last night and read the complaint
to him. The result will be a rigid investi
gation into the general discipline and con
duct in the prison and will, it is said, take
on a much larger scope than the mere
charges against Sergeant Shields.
-o'lcolson's Place Wanted.
ALAMEDA, CAI., Feb. 20.— The fight
against Gardener Nicolson will be re
newed before the Board of Education next
week. . -, y :
MISCELLANEOUS. ■ «_^^_„— .. .
NEW TREftTMEWT THAT cures*
The Greatest Medical Discovery of Modern Times in
Possession of the State Electro-Medical Institute.
work has spread like wildtire all over the world. „*„, Xa _„ v»k_ *h_
The treatment is as fresh and different from anything else as a new-born babe, the
State ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE having been established for the sole pur-
pose of carrying on the benelicent work. ... ■ ___-_/i„ „„
It is very seldom tbat one pnysician gives to another praise for a new remedy or
new method of treatment, and it 5s never, except after the most careful investigation
and absolutely overwhelming proof, that such praise is publicly given.
Many times during the past few months physicians from all parts of the country
have Published, either in form of interviews or over their signatures, tributes to the
new cure of the State Electro- Medical Institute, because of the wonderful and invari-
able good results of the treatment. Let the experience of a few people well known In
San Francisco tell:
OVARIAN TUMOR
ABSORBED BY THE
ELECTRO-MEDICAL CURE.
Miss Annie Sadolin, well known for
her good work in this city, wrote of her
treatment at the State Electro- Medical
Institute on February IS, as follows:
"Some three years ago I noticed a swell-
ing in the region of the bowel, on the left
side, and felt painful cramps at that spot.
My general health also at the same time
inclined to give way.
"I consulted three quite prominent sur-
geons of this city, who give their attention
MI'S ANNIK SADOLIN,
Afflicted Three Years With Ovarian
Tuni'ir, Cured Without Cutting- by
the Electro-Medical Treatment.
to female troubles, and each one agreed
that I was the subject of an ovarian tumor.
All insisted that I could not get well with-
out a severe cutting operation, and were
very certain on this point. However, I
could not muster up courage for such
severe measures.
"Seeing an advertisement of the State
Electro-Medical Institute of this city, I de-
termined to call there and see the physi-
cians.
"On January 25 last I did call, being ac-
companied by Miss Meyer of the Girls'
Union Home, on Pine and Taylor streets.
"The doctors carefully examined my
side, and. like other doctors, diagnosed
an ovarian tumor; but expressed the
opinion that it could soon be dispersed
by their new Electro-Medical Methods. I
decided to accept this suggestion. The
doctors, in the course of treatments to
which they subjected me, applied elec-
tricity in several different ways, and pre-
scribed a Magnetic Oil to bo applied on
the site of the growth, at borne. Further,
they ordered some internal remedies.
"The growth, to my surprise and satis-
faction, soon be^an to decrease sensibly,
and at present date is gone altogether. I
leel that 1 have experienced a notable
cure, and desire to have the fact published
for the guidance of other suffering women.
"MISS ANNIE SADOLIN,"
1101 Geary street, or Girls' Union Home,
9*25 Pine street, corner Taylor.
CASE GIVEN UP OF
BRONCHIAL ASTHMA,
\. IS NOW A WELL WOiTAN.
Mrs. Josie Nieblson wrote voluntarily of
her case to a friend as follows:
MR_ JOS IK NIEHLSON, "
An Invalid From Bronchial Asthma
and .Nerve Debility, Cured.
"It gives me great pleasure to acknowl-
edge the excellent results that I have ex-
perienced under treatment at the State
Electro-Medical Institute, corner of Mar-
ket, Powell and Eddy streets.
"Since last Christmas I have been quite
an invalid from trouble in my chest with
cough, difficulty in Dreathing and general
nerve debility. On Monday, November 80
1896, I applied for advice at the Institute.'
I had been treated by three well-known
medical men of this city without relief.
The doctors at the State Electro-Medical
Institute made a careful examination of
mo case and pronounced it one of Bron-
chial Asthma. They placed me under a
course of electrical treatment with medi-
cines combined, and I at once began to
pick up, and am now wonderfully im-
proved in health and spirits. 1 will
gladly and willingly reply to any ques-
tions that may be addressed to me here."
(Signed) MRS. JOSIE NIEHLSON,.
1019 Guerrero street, San Francisco.
A TEAMSTER'S STORY
OF HIS CURE
OF NERVOUS DEBILITY.
Charles Schill, a well-known teamster
of this city, wrote of his treatment and
cure of nervous debility, in tho last few
days, as follows:
For jour j ears I bays been ailing with ner-
rous debility ana heart and stomach trouble
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
leamster, the business I have pursued for ihe
P"' -seven years in San Francisco. I suffered
»i in pain and oppression of the i chest and
»tomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
Ha and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
»rtlon would leel weak and nervous On
_? n ?nl y 4, .- 1897 ' * a PP* ied 'or treatment
at the , Institute, where the doctors made
a careiul physical examination, louna tnat my
heart and stomach were both disordered. I
wag placed under treatment and at once beesn
to improve rapidly and feel like a new man.
— : —
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CURE FOR ALL DISEASES. LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF '
MARKET, POWELL AND EDDY STS., ENTRANCE 3 EDDY ST.
SAN IKA.N CISCO, CAL -
____S* ps3 s§Ws
aeW&^^Sk
CHARLES SCHILL,
*• Cured of Nervous Debility.
The doctors applied electricity and prescribed
certain electric fluids for internal use, also
magnetic oil for external application. These
remedies combined have had a magical effect,
end now, on January 14, I can truthfully say
that my health ii fully restored. I am VERY
THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID CURE,
which enables me to pursue my dally work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
I prescribed by Dr. Vance.
CHARLES SCHILL,
262 Eighth street, San Francisco, Cab
DOES NOT NEED
HIS CRUTCHES-
HE IS CURED.
William Fitzgerald, a sufferer from
rheumatism for a number of years, was
completely restored. His case was pub-
lished, and this is an extract from a letter
f^Hftm^ M
<*a\ /fy "W $
A ZmJ
WILLIAM FITZGERALD
Testifies to the "Wonderful Effect ofthe
New Electro-Medical Cure.
which he wrote to a patient who had writ-
ten him inquiring if his published testi-
mony was true:
"Your letter received. The doctors of
the State Electro-Medical Institute cured .
me as they have many others. Eight
years of almost constant pain makes me
appreciate the marvelous cure effected. I
really think that the Electro-Medical
treatment is the only thing in the world
that will cure a bad case of rheumatism.
I had tried electricity alone and medicines
alone, but the combined and well-defined
treatment of medicine and electricity of
this Institute . has proved my greatest
blessing. I never before took any medi-
cines just like them, and the electrical de-
partment with its big batteries, one of
them costing a thousand dollars, will sur-
prise you. There is nothing like their
electrical appliance elsewhere on the
Pacific Coast. You may depend on what
the doctors say. They will not tell you
they can cure you unless they can."
061 Mission St., San Francisco, CaL
People suffering with old chronic dis-
eases, those who have dectored with all
classes of doctors, who have tried all
kinds of nostrums and patent medicines
and have dosed themselves with all man-
ner of remedies recommended by unpro-
fessional friends until their systems have
! become filled with poisonous drugs, are
particularly requested to try this new
' treatment. We cure all such cases, our
method of treatment is new, our medi-
cines are made from pure drugs, and elec-
tricity is usei in all its modem and most
effective forms.
To the youth who are suffering from
youthful follies, to middle-aged and old
men who are paying the penalties for ex-
cesses and too fast a life, this new treat-
ment is a certain balm. It imparts new
life to the whole body; it invigorates the
weak and dormant organs, all j their
natural strength returns, the mind be-
comes bright and active, the muscles be-
come firm and strong, in fact, the whole
being is filling with new life and vitality,
| bringing to man the manly power and
mental brightness which is necessary for
I him to possess in order to cope with the
j realities of life. We can truthfully say to
all suffering from such troubles that our
j cure is a new cure, it is absolute, it is cer-
| tain, it is positive, it is lasting, it never
| falls, it makes the MAN the MAN in every
: sense of the word.
WPTTTj] if you. live out of the city
; jxajlju and cannot visit the Insti-
tute. They have constructed a neat and
effective body battery which can be worn
under the clothing, next to the skin, day
or night without detection or the least in-
convenience. With this battery pads are
furnished which are saturated with the
medicine which the Institute doctors pie-
scribe, and these pads are placed directly
over the parts affected. The poles of tha
battery are then placed on the pads, the
electricity passes through them, carrying
the medicine right to the diseased parts,
giving almost Immediate relief and effect-
ing cures where all other kinds of treat-
ment had failed. By this system, people
who cannot visit the Institute can get the
benefits of the new electro-medical treat-
ment at their homes although hundreds
of miles away.JIM ROONEY MEETS
A PECULIAR DEATH
Mrs. Theresa Fair's Brother
Smothered by Escap
ing Gas.
He Had Retired f_r the Night
• and Was Accidentally
Overcome.
Of Lite Years the D- ceased Had Been
Depending on His Sister's Estate
* * ior Support.
■ D. J. Rooney, better known among his
' associates as Jim Rooney, brother of the
.late Mrs. Theresa Fair, met his death In a
peculiar manner in his rooms, 122 O'Far
rell stree;, yesterday afternoon.
• • Last evening at 6 o'clock the landlady
of the house, knowing that the deceased
was in his room, knocked for admittance.
She received no response and shortly no
ticed the fumes of gas escaping through
' the crevices of the door. All attempts to
arouse, the occupant proved in vain and
so certain became the landlady that a life
less body was behind the bolted door (hat
she notified the Coroner's ofliee.
Deputy Coroners Tyrrell and Mclnnes
responded to the call, and on arriving as
the house forced the door and found mat
the landlady's fears were correct — that
Rooney was dead. Tne body wasiyint
on the floor, face downward, and the gag
was Sowing full force from an apparently
'"open jet.
' The position of the Dody indicated that
the deceased had attempted to save his
life and stop the flow of gas before having
.succumbed to the poisonous fume-. He
"failed in the attempt, however, ami met
. his death. At flrst the Coroner's deputies
were inc.ined to look upon the case as a
' suicide, but investigation proved other
wise. The gas jet was not turned on, as
was suspected, but was a defective one.
• Judging irom the condition of the body,
•which was but partly clad, and the bed
• which had been lain upon the deceased
bad evidently retired, thinking that ail
. was well. Evidently, when almost over
come by the fumes he loused himself,
staggered toward the gas-jet, attempted
to turn it off, but being almost helpless
failed, fell to the floor and smothered.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
Jim Rooney was a well-known character
in and around all the mining camps of the
coast. Although not a miner by occupa
■ tion, having deserted that calling many
.years ago, Rooney preferred the company
•of miners and mining men. Of late years,
it is stated, he received some $60 a month
ifom the estate of his sister, and being a
man without ambition was contented to
liv? on that allowance and let the world's
cares pass lightly by.
WILLIAM DUNCAN'S DUTY
He Raised Met!akahtia Indians
From Cannibals to Habits
of Industry.
Ihey H&Vi a Salmon Cannery, Saw
mi. 1 and Other Enterprises oa
the Co-operative Plan.
Coming from the far shores of Alaska
• esterday was an odd-looking old man
Aiho has been immured among tne canni
bals for so long at times that he has grown
:arele?sof himself and no longer considers
hings dangerous which to the average
nan would mean death. The old genile
r.ac is the llev. William Duncan, who, a
ittle over forty years ago, went from
London as a member of the English Mis
sionary Society to labor among the Metla
sabtla Indians of British Columbia.
No missionary had ever been there before ;
iim. Not even the roughest white men
bad dared enter those forest solitudes. |
rhose who had come the nearest to it I
(vere the representatives of tbe Hudson
Bay Company, who had established a cost
hard by and erected blockhouses and a
stout stockade, the latter bastioned by
cannon.
The point in question was near the pres
ent line of Alaska in the remotest part of
British Columbia, and not far from the
coast. All went swimmingly for a num
ber of years, and Mr. Duncan gathered
around him large numbers of the Indians
who had at first threatened his life, and
he tamed them. But it was a frightful
-iege he had. On many occasions he wit
nessed their can hi Dal rites, and it was all
THE REV. WILLIAM DUNCAN, Founder of the Strange Island
. ■ • '■ Republic _..'., ;, : ;
[Sketched from life by a Call artist.
he could do by exerting the utmost finesse j
to avoid becoming a victim of the Indians.
But," after years, when he had at last
christianized the Metlakahtlas and ha i
built up a prosperous Indian town and !
had taught the Indians to do many useful i
things, the Government would not give
him or the Indians title to the lands.
in despair the Rev. Mr. Duncan applied i
to President Cleveland, and on a repre- j
sentation of the fact** he was given a deed
outright to Annette Island, off the Alaska I
coast, and near the old site of Metlakah- j
tla. The island is some fourteen miles in i
length, has some fine haibors, fine forests, j
and In the interior some mountains. The
harbors literally swarm with fish.
It is on the largest harbor that the new
town of Metlakahtla has been bui't. It is
now a flourishing place, inhabited by
about 700 Indians. They have comforta
ble houses. The streets are well laid out.
There is a sawmill, a cannery and an
electric lighting system, all run by hy- I
draulic power. Mr. Duncan is very proud j
of the Indians.
He is looking ruddy and strong, notwith
standing his advanced age and the ordeals •
he has run.
"1 have|neverhad a vacation in my life,"
he said toa Cam. representative yesterday, |
"and this lime 1 wanted to have a quiet
time and I hope I shall not receive any
telegrams. That is one thing about the
place where I am. You can be certain
that tho outside world cannot communi
cate with you."
Mr. Duncan recounts his little republic
as very prodperous. He said he would be '
herejabout a week. John G.Brady, an
old friend in the north of Mr. Duncan, j
said of him : i
PARTICIPANTS IN THE MARTHA WASHINGTON TEA.
"He lately celebrated his fiftieth year
among the Indians. He basdou- a grand
work." It was in 1880 he went over to An
nette Island and wonders have been ac
complished since then. The Indians all
have nice comfortable houses. Their sal
mon cannery, sawmill and other enter
prises are all run on tbe co-operative plan,
and the Indian workmen make money.
No liquor is allowed among them."
Women's Press Association.
A social meeting of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association will ba held at
Shasta Hall, N. .*-. C. W. building, to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The programme of ex
ercises is as follows :
Piano solo (selected), Mrs. Laura D. Perry;
address. 'Ghost Shirt Craze in the Laud of the
Dakotas," Captain J. J. O'Cojauell, U.S.A.;
song, "If Thy Blue Eyes," Professor Frederick
E. ! irdy; paper, "Dramatic Art in Literature,"
Miss Alice G. Friedlander; paper, "Our Heri
tage," Ms( Mary Lambert; violin solo (se
lected). Miss Carolyn Knox; address, Mi s Kay
Frank; recitation, "Old Glory" (Emma Frances
Dawson), Mrs, J. G. Lent in on; pian > solo, Mis.
Laura D. Perry; hymn. "America."
Lecture on George Washington.
The first lecture of the .triangle course
of the Mission Young Men's Christian As
sociation, 2319 Mission street, will be given
by Rev. William Kadcr to-morrow evening.
The subject of thu lecture will be, "The Char
acter oi Washington." Tickets will be com
pimentary and may be secured from mem
bers or by applying at the office.
Chief Jus ie- Reunify Head,
I
TRENTON- N. J., Feb. 20 —Chief Justice
, Mercer Beasiey died this morning. ,'•'.*->;'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1597.
IN GARB OF
COLONIAL DAYS.
Seven Pines Circle to Give
a Martha Washing
ton Tea.
Arrangements by the Patriotic
Members to Celebrate the
Holiday.
Next Tuesday Evening Nitive Sons'
Hall Will Be the Scene of a
Worthy Bent fit.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, will on
Tuesday evening give a Martha Washing
ton tea in Native Sons' Hall for the benefit
of the fund of the circle that is used for
the relief of the wives and daughters of
old soldiers and veterans who themselves
are in need.
This. organization has had a very heavy
tax of late on its treasury by reason of the
many calls made upon it, for many of the
veterans of the war have been thrown out
of employment or have been unable to
obtain employment this winter. This
circle, instead of going from door to door
to apply for means, has been in the habit
of giving annually an entertainment by
wbich to increase its relief fund. This
year it takes the form of a Martha Wash
ington tea. John Pierpont of George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R., will assume the
character and dress of George Washing
ton, Mrs. Ivoretta Simpson, daugbterof
John Kennedy of Garfield Post, G. A. 11.,
who was one of the many very pretty girls
who took part in "Pinafore in the Pa
vilion in 1887, will dress as and represent
Martha Washington, and the ladies of the
circle will all be in costumes, such as were
worn in the earlier days of the Nation.
There will he an entertainment made up
of many members, and tea and refresh
ments will be served the members of tbe
circle.
The ollicers of the circle are: President,
Mrs. LvaiaC. Hinckley; senior vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Mary Watson; junior vice
president, Mrs. Abbie Powers; secretary,
Mrs. Margaret J. Griffith; treasurer, Mrs.
Lena Shoulton; conductor, Mrs. Lizzie
Bush; guard, Mrs. Maggie Parker, and
Chaplain, Mrs. Martha Pinch.
The committee having charge of the tea
is composed of: Mrs. G. Harvey (chair
man, Mesdames Martha Finch, Sadie
Pierpont, Loretta Simpson, Janet; a Hous
ton, J. Duheim. L. Carr, J. W. Mosen, Be
linda Bailey, Mrs Horn and the Misses L.
Brown, May Griffith and Ada Parker.
Under the management of the olficers
recently installed the circle has been very
active in its work ot relief, and it hns now
on hand a large number of applications.
The officers express the hope that those
who have a kindly feeling lor those who
fought to save tbe Union, and who will
reap the benefit of this entertainment,
will place themselves in evidence at the
Martha Washington Tea Party.
Pugilist Jeffreys Had to Kxptaiu.
J. J. Jeffreys, the pun! list, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on an order issued by Justice
of the Peace Groezinger, the complaint being
made by the California Athletic Club officers,
who alleged that Jeffreys owed ciuL>sl'>B 90
and was about to leave the State. Jeffreys
went before Justice Barry and testified that he
whs going to Nevada to help Jim Corbett in
his training, and that he had no Intention of
defrauding creditors. 110 was thereupon re
leased.
A Benefit Entertainment.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Ladles' Aid Society of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church will be given
to-morrow evening under the direction of
Miss Stella Ames; Professor Martin Setiultz,
musical director; Miss Jennie May hew, accom
panist of drill. The features will be drills,
vocal and instrumental music, recitations and
moving tableaux.
••Marriage and Divorce. 'J
Rev. C. A. Splinter, O. P., will deliver a lec
ture to-night on "Marriage and Divorce" in
St. Dominic's Church, Btnta and Sleiuer
streets. A large attendance is expected.
JA* HO AOR OF II BERT.
The Secretary ofthe Aary Most Royally
Rntettnlned at Charleston.
CHARLESTON, S. C., Feb. 20.— fes
tivities in honor of Secretary H. A. Herbert
of the navy were continued yesterday
and lasted throughout the day and are
still in progress to-nicht in the shape of a
military and naval ball tendered by the
city to the guests.
The committee of citizens headed by
Mayor Smyth and made up of leading
men and officials of Charleston called
upon Secretary Herbert, his party and
Admiral Bunce at the Charleston Hotel at
10:30 o'clock this morning. The visitors
were then taken out for an extended drive
during the course of which most oi the
historic points in and about the city were
visited. At the conclusion of this sight
seeing expedition the guests of the city
were entertained at luncheon at the resi
dence of Geor.e B. Edwards, where they
met a distinguished party of citizens.
The luncheon was scarcely over before
Mayor Smyth called officially upon the
Secretary at the Charleston. Carriages
were provided, and Mr. Herbert, bis
friends, Admiral Dunce and his personal
staff were driven to the City Hall, where
a public reception was held in the Coun
cil chamber. This continued for an hour,
and was attended by the officers of the
ll.'et and hundreds of the most prominent
men and women of the city.
After a rest of three hours, Secretary
Herbert, Admiral Bunce and the ollicers
appeared once more in public. This time
it was to be the specially honored guests
at a naval ball given in their honor by the
people of Charleston. This function was
a most brilliant and imposing one. The
invitations were limited to 100, and every
person who was sent one attended. Not
since ante-bellum days has an entertain
ment of equal magnificence been given in
Charleston.
To-morrow the festivities throughout
the forenoon will be the entertainment
by the offi ers of citizens on their ships,
ahd their will be numerous private lunch
eons and breakfasts given on shore.
Death of J da* finron.
COLUMBIA. S. U, Feb. Judge John
E. Bacon, United States Minister to Para
guay and Uruguay during the first Cleve
land administration, died at tbe Columbus
Hospital in this city to-day.
TOUAG CU RIS 7 7-1 AS TO MEET.
Delegates and Visitors to the Ohio T. SI. C.
A.. Conrention Gather at Springfield
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, FeD. 20.— The
State Convention of Young Men's Chris
tian Associations has brought to the city
over r>oo delegates and three times that
number of visitors, the delegates repre
senting sixty-five local associations with a
membership of 20,000.
The convention, which will not adjourn
until the evening of Washington's birth
day, will be noteworthy from the large
number of men of National reputation
who will take part in the proceedings.
Among these are Governor Bushnell;
President Ingalls of the Big Four Road;
Judge D. P. Baldwin, ex-Attorney-
General of Indiana; Dr. Wilbur Chapman,
the noted evangelist; L. D. Wishard
of New York, who has just returned
from a trip around the world in
the interest of young men; Dr. E. L.
Hamilton, the international railway sec
retary, and Dr. Luther Guleck, Spring
field, Mass., the expounder of the new
physical training system.
The convention opened to-day with re
ligious exercises and an address by Luther
D. Wishard of New York on the work
around the world. The convention was
then formally organized. The evening's
programme will be in the nature of a wel
come to the city. Governor Bushnell will
preside and Hon. M. E. Ingalls will de
liver the opening address.
PROTEST FROM ROSSLAND.
American Citizens Residing There Call
Upon the President to Veto the
Alien Labor Bill.
ROSSLAND. B. C. Feb. 20.— At a meet
ing of American citizens last night the
following resolution was adopted:
To his Excellency Grover Cleveland, President
of the United States : • l f
\MIEREAS, 1 1 has pleased the American Con
gress to pass an alien labor law, containing a
clause known as the Corliss amendment,
which is especially directed against the wage
earners of Canada; therefore, be It
Reiolied, By the undersigned American citi
zens, residents of Rossland. representing a
large number of the 25,000 American resi
dents of British Columbia. . -.y
1. That the Corliss amendment is un-Ameri
can and a disgrace to civilization, and
it allowed to become a law can only result in
the destruction of that mutual goodfellowship
now generally existing among the people of
both countries.
2. That many thousands of American citi
zens are now residents of, and heavily in
terested in, the development of the newly dis
covered gold and silver mines of British Co
lumbia, where the most cordial relations pos
sible exist between the citizens of the two
countries. .* ■/'•'
3. That the Western States of America no
longer offer attractions for immigrants on
account of the prevailing depression in busi
ness, and the vast deposits of the precious
metals recently discovered ln British Colum
bia and the northwestern part of the United
States and now being exploited prom to do
more toward relieving the congested condi
tion of the labor market in both countries in
the near future than all other resources com
bined. '*.-•»
Therefore your petitioners respectfully re
quest that you exercise your prerogative as
the chief executive of the greatest republic on
earth by refusing to sign tha alien labor bill
recently passed by Congress and return it with
your veto. • ; ; v >
A member of the audience protested
against the expression, "disgrace to
American civilization," but was hissed.
The expression was defended vigorously
by E. C. Clarke, who said that were it not
for disgraceful legislation Americans need
not bo in Canada. That an intelligent or
supposed intelligent body should pass such
legislation was incomprehensible, but tbe
act would not receive the President's
-signature. - : .'~y.-.
. A resolution was • passed to wire the
resolution to the President.
: • NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHING CO.,
9!*! tl 930 Ml*! EH.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
The Great Bankrupt Sale
has caught on like wildfire.
We will continue to sell this
stock
AS HERETOFORE
ADVERTISED.
Don't Miss It.
Don't miss those pretty
little Wool Reefer Suits in
gray, trimmed with mohair
braid, and worth $2. 50. Sale
price
95c.
DON'T MISS
Those well-made All-Wool
Boys' Josie and Reefer Suits
you'll see displayed in our
window. Worth $3.50.
$1.35.
DON'T MISS
Those Youths' Suits in light
and dark gray, ages 13 to 9.
Well worth $5.00.
$2.45.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Mariet Street.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
IMPROVING THE
CITY'S WEST END
Point Lobos Avenue Will
Be Put in Fine
Condition. .
Seventh Avenue Will Extend On
to the Corbett Road From
H Street.
Park Commissioners Will Take Action
Promptly en Richmond's Great
Thoroughfare.
The late heavy rain has played sad
havoc witb tbe condition of Point Lobos
avenue. Its surface is a mass of red mud,
with an adhesive tenacity equal to a
layer of putty.
This condition of affairs will, however,
be remedied as soon as tho weather clears
up sufficiently to permit work. Park
Commissioner Austin said yesterday:
"The Park Commissioners will, I am
almost sure, at their next meeting au
thorize an expenditure of from $4000 to
$5000 on the improvement of Point Lobos
avenue. We are aware that the avenue
needs repairs, but there were so many de
mands for money for the park that we
were forced to go slowly concerning the
avenue.
"There was a desire on the part of some
people owning property in Richmond to
have our jurisdiction removed from that
thoroughlare and given to the Supervisors,
and we were not disposed to oppose their
wishes. But now that the Point Lobos
Improvement Club favors existing official
control, we will expend some money.
"It is out of the question to consider
putting down sidewalks. The Park Com
missioners have no right or authority to
lay sidewalks in front of private property
any more than have the Supervisors.
Very little damage has been done to the
park by the storm. A few trees have been
shaken so that they needed bracing to
fortify them acainst damage by future
storms. Tl "."'
The long-looked-for opening of seventh
avenue boulevard from the south side of
the park to Ingleside is now an assured
certainty since the Spring Valley Water
Company and ex-Mayor Sutro have
deeded the necessary strip of land through
their property to the City from M street
in a direct line to the Corbett road, which
leads from Ocean avenue to Duncan street
by Ingleside racetrack. This will make a
pleasant drive from the park to the south
ern portion of the City.
A portion of this road has already been
graded by Captain John Tuttle from II
street to M. The grading of the remainder
through to Corbett road will be com
menced in the early spring and pushed to
a finish, as all obstacles have now been
removed. ______________
With a Capital of $50.000.000.7*****—
TRENTON, N. J., Feb. 20.— The Mars
den Company, the object of which is to
manufacture, sell and deal in all products
made from cornstalks, in accordance with
the discoveries and patents secured by
Mark W. Marsden, was incorporated here
yesterday with a capital of $50,000,000.
THE BALDWIN
I CLOTHING CO.,
911 tl 930 Unlit Strut,
BALDWIN ANNEX.
We take these means of
thanking the public for the
; liberal patronage bestowed on
; us. It shall be our earnest
; endeavor by honest, honor-
j able means to merit your con-
i fidence, which to us
WILL BE SACRED.
DON'T MISS
I Those Gents' All-Wool Blue
I and Black Cheviot Suits, in
I single and double breasted.
j They are worth $10.00. Sale
I price
l $4.85.
DON'T MISS
Those Gents' Wool Scotch
j Tweed Fly-front Suits. They
i are all right and can be seen
:in most any other window,
worth $15.00.
$5.95.
DON'T MISS
Those Extra-Strong, Well-
Made $1.25 Pants for
65c.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS,
! 924 to 930 ffiarlet Street,
I BALDWIN ANNEX.
One of the provisions of tlie articles of
incorporation is that no stockholder shall
have the right to examine the book?,
vouchers, etc., of the company except by
resolution of the board of directors.
H UXORS FOR THE TEXAS.
People of the Lone star State Pay Trib
ute to the Rattle-Ship.
GALVESTON, Tux., Feb. 20.— Swarms
of visitors to the battle-ship Texas crowded
on the streets yesterday. The Governor^ his
staff and members of the legislature were
here, together with a majority of the rail
road officials and prominent men of
Texas.
At 10:30 a. m. officers and men from the
battle-ship arrived at the Tremonl-street
wharf and were met by eleven com
panies of militia, Confederate Vet
erans, Mexican War Veterans, Daugh
ters of the Republic and Daughters
of the Confederacy, in carriages and
paraded through the streets to the Tre
mont Hotel, where Captain Gla.*s and the
officers were introduced to Governor Cul
berson, ex-Governors Hogg and Lubbock
and the State officials generally.
At about 1:30 the parade re-formed and
marched to the Beach Hotel, where the
presentation of the silver set was made by
Governor Culberson. Speeches were also
made by E. W. Hawkins in behalf of the
Daughters of the Republic and the accept
ance by Captain Glass. .-,*,. >,
The warship is proving the greatest at
traction the Texas people ever had. The
ship will remain here until Wednesday.
AGAIXST VAFAIR ADVERTISERS.
American Aete .paper Publishers' As
sociation- Will lie Incorporated
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 20. — The
American Newspaper Publishers' Associa
tion elo ed its eleventh annual meeting
this afternoon after a three days' ex-
;*;y.^' NEW TO-DAT.
AWEEK OFTTARTLINQIIIRPRISESi
MONSTER BARGAINS: PIGMY PRICES
As the time for moving approaches we will leave no stone
unturned to carry out the policy adopted at the beginning of this
sale, that IT IS BETTER TO SELL QOODS FAR BELOW COST
THAN TO MOVE THEM, and this coming week will witness cuts
in prices such as have never been seen before.
COMPETITION IMPOSSIBLE AT THESE FIGURES.
Extraordinary Bargain in Dress Goods— I Only a few shades remaining of our China
40-inch All-Wool French Beige, Spring j Silks, will be closed out at 15c a yard.
shades just imported and were to be \ p or *geesl Pongees! Our $7.50 quality 27-
-sold at 7oc a yard will be offered tins j inch All- Silk Pongee at $3. 75 a full piece
wees at _ac a ara. of 15 yards.
40-inch Cheviots, all wool, striped effects, Tennis Flannels at 5c a yard.
at 25c a yard.  ,-, . . c , .
60-inch Ked a ferns, former price $1 50, now j {-""" Cr £ ah 5c f a J** .■ ',
f.Oc a yard. 7 '-' I 10 " 4 Blankets at $1.00 a pair.
36- inch Fancy Dress Goods at lie a yard. j $ 10 All-Wool California Blankets at $3.75
BARGAINS IN SINKS'. a pair. y;y
Black Silk Brocades, 50c, 75c and 85c a yd. j Gents' Merino Shirts and Drawers reduced
Changeable Gloria Silks, 25c a yard. from 7<sc to 35c each.
Figured Changeable Gloria Silks, 30c a yd. I Gents' Swiss Ribbed Underwear reduced
All-Silk Changeable Taffetas.elegant shad- from $1.50 to 85c a suit.
ings, 65c a yard. .. | Ladies' and Gents' Handkerchiefs, 5c each
DAILY ARRIVING IMPORTATIONS ARE SUFFERING WITH THE REST OF"
THE STOCK AT THE
GREAT SACRIFICE REMOVAL SALE
OS" ~ <■ :
J. SAMUELS,
104, 106, 108 XS.ea,i/ii.y St.
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHING CO.,
924 tl 930 Hirllt Stmt
BALDWIN ANNEX.
WE HURT
1 With our Opening. We have
I forever sounded the death-
i knell of high-priced dealers
lin shoddy. Our goods are
honest, reliable and will be
sold as advertised.
DON'fMISS
; Those Black and Brown Fe-
, dora Hats. You have seen
: them in our window. They
i are $i.so ones.
I 65c.
1 ■
DON'TMISS
UUii 1 BflldO
Those pretty little Boys' Cape
; Coats. They are beauties and
: are worth $4.00, our price
$1.35.
DON'T MISS
Those Australian All-Wool Un-
derwear, which are worth
$1.50, for
95c.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS,
I 924 to 930 Market Street.
! BALDWIN ANNEX.
J ecutive session at the Hoffman House.
The last thing done was the election of
the following officers for the ensuing
year: Charles Knapp, president; J. A.
Butler, vice-president; W. C. Bryant,
secretary; H. F. Gunnison, treasurer.
Executive committee; M. A. Meserve,
S. A. Kauffman, Fiederick Driscoll, Gen
eral Charles H. Taylor and W. H. Zlf.
The decision to incorporate was the
; chief action of the session. The object of
| the incorporation is to systematize the
j credits accorded to advertisers so that
publishers will not be imposed on. For
\ years the newspapers outside of this
i city have been victimized by unscru
\ pulous advertisers and whenever any
, newspaper publisher endeavored to warn
, others were liable to be sued lor libel. The
■ association hopes that by incorporation
and hy sending information about adver
| tisers only to its own members, dishonest
, practices will be discouraged.
*
Commemorates Washington's JUrthdaj.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 20.— The Salva
tion Army began in advance to-day the
celebration of Washington's birthday by
distributing food, clothing, etc., to the
poor from , thirty-live halls scattered
through the city. The wherewithal has
besn contributed by tradesmen, store
keeper's families and individuals, and for
the next week a corns of 500 Salvation
soldiers of both sexes will be engaged In
a house-to-house visitation in the poorer
districts, with a view of sifting the frauds
from the deserving.
Fire art ing at If iltnington.
WTMINGTON, N. C, Feb. 20.— A fire
broke out at 11:10 o'clock to-night at the
corner of Front and Grain streets, destroy
ing the stores of Marks & Sons and spread
to the Seaboard Airline office. There was
a strong wind blowing and the tire caused
a heavy loss.
910
DOCTOR COOK.
RULES AND REGULATIONS
I
Doctor Cook Makes Them
Known to the Public.
His Fair and Honorable Methods
of Dealing With the
Aifl c'.ed.
Like all other large and well regulated
institutions of business. Doctor Cook has
certain rules and Regulations by which j
bis extensive practice is conducted. He
has no desire to conceal them from the
public. He considers that the J.fh* cted,
who patronize him so liberally from day *
to day, are entitled to know the business
methods of the man with whom they are |
dealing, and in whom they must plac? so i
much confidence, lie therefore wishes to '.
assure his old patients, ana all woo may '
become his patients in tLe future: \
First: That he guarantees a perfect cure '
of every case he undertakes.
* Second: Tbat if your case Is incurable j
he will tell you so candid; v.
Third: That he has many volumes of
genuine testimonials which tell of com- j
plete cures of all the different diseases of
which he makes a specialty, and which
may be read by those who, in good faith, '
apply to him for treatment.
Fourth : That all his remedies are com-
.-■■■ ':■■ -j
posed of the purest vegetable ingredients :
and iontain no injurious drugs.
Fifth: That bis treatment will not in- j
terfere with your occupation or daily
dm --, unless a surgical operation be I
nee - ary.
birth: That his professional dealings '
are always conducted in the strictest
secrecy. Ail letters are sent in plain en- 1
velopes, and all medicines are securely ;
sealed, with noihing appearing on the out- !
side ol package but the name and address !
of patient.
Seventh: That he himself, personally,
attends to each and every individual who '
applies to his office lor treatment, lie has
no substitutes or proiessiotial representa-
tives.
Eighth: That he has only one medical
office, and that one is located at B6i Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. California.
CONDEMNED, HE
JEERED AT JURORS
Murderer Frank C. Kloss
Used Some Very Bitter
Words.
Death Sentence Passed on the !
Brutal Slayer of William
Deady.
He Will Be Hanged ia the State
Prison at San Quentin on Fri
day, April 23
There was an unusual degree of excite
ment in Judge Carroll Cook's court yes
terday when the sentence of death was
pronounced on Frank C. Kloss, convicted
of the murder of William Deady.
Unless some fortuitous circumstance in
tervenes Kloss will be hanged in the State
prison at San Quentin on Friday, April
23. of this year.
The story oi the murder is brief and
brutal. Kloss was drunk when he went
into a Hayes- Valley saloon, where be
found Deady asleep with his head thrown
back, exposing a tempting display of un
protected neck. Kloss walked up to
Deady, whom he knew slightly, and shook 1
him. Deady did not wake, whereupon :
Kloss pulled a Knife, and saying to the j
saloon-keeper, "I'll wake the up," ]
drew the knife across the man's throat.
The jugular vein, was severed, and Deady i
lived but a few hours. This occurred
April 16, 1895.
The trial in Department 12 of the Supe
rior Court resulted in a verdict of guilty,
and Judge babrs pronounced the death
sentence on Kloss on the 7th of December
1895.
Shortly after the verdict had been ren
dered the foreman of the jury, a citizen
named Leipsic, made an extraordinary
statement, tie said that he bad voted for
the death penalty under a misapprehen
sion, not knowing that the absence of
recommendation made the death sentence
inevitable. Leipsic even made an affi
davit to that effect, and the defendant's
attorneys used it as the basis of a plea to
Lave the judgment set aside and a new
trial ordered. Judge Bahrs, however,
denied the motion on the ground that a
juror was not permitted to impeach his
own verdict.
From this judgment and order K'.o«s
appealed to toe Supreme Court. That
tribunal decided that Judge Bahrs was
right, and affirmed the judgment. Judge
Balm having been assigned to a civil de
partment the duty of resentencing Kloss
devolved upon Judge Cook, and yesterday
was the day set for that ordeal.
Attorney Wilson- made a motion for a
r.evr trial, but Deputy District Attorney
Hosmer objected and the request was de
nied by the court. When Kloss was
asked if he bad anything to say why the
judgment of the taw should not be pro
nounced against him he laced the Judge
in a dogged, sullen manner and in a fierce
tone fairly hissed:
"I ,' , * J l,Te lots to "*• BQ * what's tbe ]
use It doesn't do any good.
DR. COOK CURES
£ye,
Car,
TJhroat,
Tfose,
strain .
'Diseases.
DR. COOK CURES
jCiver,
JLiver,
Spleen,
jCuny,
Chest,
Jffeart
Diseases.
DR. COOK CURES
eJKidney,
bladder,
Urinary,
Stomach,
33 o wel
'Diseases.
DR. COOK CURES
Piles,
Vistula,
up ture,
Pheumatism,
ftectal
aVzectal
.Diseases.
I "But I would like to say that I've not
been treated with justice by the District
Attorney in this case. I had a most un
lair trial. And the foreman of the jury
, swore to something he didn't know he
i was swearing to. Besides, the jury wasn't
j polled properly after the verdict was
j given.
"I think it's high time that tho Govern
ment and the public at large did away
i with juries altogether and that a man
j cculd be tried by a Judge. Then perhaps
j he could get a fair trial.
"Bnt tbese juries !" and here Kloss grew
; excited and bis voice rose, "ornary old
j two-dollar-and-a-ball-a-day bums; that's
what they are! perjurers, ready to
swear a man's life away or give it away or.
! a minute's notice.
"Tha'.'s all I have to say. I've nothing
against you, Mr. Judge; and I thank you
! for your treatment of me. Now I'm
, ready lor you."
Judge Cook then pronounced the sen
; tence of death, to take effect on Friday,
l April 23. Judge Cook looked earnestly at
j the prisoner and said: "May God have
mercy upon your soul."
"And on my enemies, too," said Kloss,
I as he turned away and held out his hands
to be gyved.
As Kloss was conducted from the room
: he confided to Chief Deputy County Clerk
Harry Piper that he would like to get one
lick on the nose of Assistant District At
torney Hosmer, who conducted the prose
cution. He laughed a: what he consid
ered bf* own witticism in this regard, and
: walked smilingly down the corridor
toward the iron cells in the basement of
the City Hall.
HIT WITH A PITCHFORK.
Krutal Assault Upon Charles G. Ben
nett, Manager of a Tannery. /
Charles G. Bennett, manager of a tan
nery at 2723 Bryant street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Campbell's court yes
terday charging James McNulty with an
assault to murder.
McNultv used to work in the tannery,
but was discharged and never forgave
Bennett for it. Friday McNulty, accom
panied by another man, called at the tan
nery and as soon as he saw Bennett he
commenced to abuse him. Bennett is big
and powerful, standing over six feet, and
he paid no attention to McNulty, who lost
control of his temper and grabbed a long
knife. He made a lunge at Bennett, miss
ing him, and Bennett grappled with him,
taklnc the knife from him.
McNulty then picked up a pitchfork
which is used to turn over the bark and
lunged with it at Bennett. The tines
struck Bennett's scalp, inflicting a nasty
wound, and the blow made him almost
unconscious for a few minutes. McNulty
and his companion fled.
ALLEGED CONSPIEAOT.
I>. H. Bryant and Guy H. Salisbury
sued for Damages by W. G. Griffith.
W. G. Griffith has sued D. H. Bryant
and Guy H. Salisbury for $30,000 dam
ages.
Griffith alleges that Bryant and Salis
bury conspired to annoy and injure him
and to bring him into public disgrace tind
shame, and particularly to prosecute him
on a charge of perjury, causing the charge
to be circulated in the newspapers and to
be generally believed that he was guilty
of that crime. y.-v
The defendants caused the arrest of
Griffith and be was examined before Po
lice Judge Conlan and the case was dis
missed. He says the prosecution was
malicious and in addition to the damages
he asks for $500 attorneys' fee* to pay D.
W. Burchard and McGowan &. Squire**,
who represent his interests in this litiga
tion. .
Advances made on furniture and piano**, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
MEDICAL AND SURGICAL OFFICES
* MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCESCO, CL
(OPPOSITE POWELL STREET).
Office Hours : 9t012 A. fl. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays 10 to 12 M. Only.
Star of Hope for the Afflicted.
MEN!
Are Yon weakj re You feeling despondent or -jloomy?
Are You troubled with emissions by Are You afraid of losing your memory?
night or losses by day? Are You unfit for business or pleasure? j
Are You annoyed with Pimples or Are You subject to aching bacK or weak
lackheads? kidneys?
Are You baslif'il or averse to society? Are You impotent or feeble in sexual
Are You losing ycur energy, ambition power?
or self-confidence? Are You about to get married, feeling
Are You tired, stupid or discontented? | unlit for matrimony?
IF YOU ARE
Thus afflicted yon know the cause. Stop the habit that is killing you, and tret over
its evil effects. Yon will lind Doctor Cook your "best friend. He will restore to
j you your I'recion* Manhood, and qualify you for the proper enjoyment of
I either married or single life.
AN ANSWER TO
INDIA'S SAD CRY
Four Thousand Tons of
Grain to Foil Starva
tion.
Numerous Railroad Companies
Offer Free Transportation
Facilities.
Contributions From the San Joaquin
Will Bj Carried Free by the
Valley Road.
From famine-stricken India, where
starvation and fever stalk abroad, has gone
j forth a piteous appeal- for ad. Within a
I month a noble ship will sail out of the
I Golden Gate bearing an answer to that
j appeal. Within her bold will De a great
j cargo, perhaps 4000 tons, of life-giving
■ grain the offering of the broad ana
> generous acres of the West. Among the
: contributors will be some wbo have them
selves felt the scourge of grudging rains
lor blighting pests. Others from the very
j gladness of hearts overflowing with grati
tude for manifold blessings are pouring
' out tbeir contributions.
In a country where hundreds are sus
taining life by the scattering grains picked
up in the market places what the aavent
ol 4000 lons of wholesome breadsiuffs will
mean can be imagined.
A meeting ol the finance committee of
the relief lund consisting of Thomas
Brown, Irving N. Scott, Claus Spreckels,
i Joseph D. Grant, George W. McNear and
I P. N. Lilienthal was held at the Chamber
! of Commerce rooms yesterday forenoon.
Thomas Brown presided.
R. D. Perry, secretary of the fund, re
i ported that be was in negotiation with
| sub-committees in thirty different West
ern cities. These committees were work
ing actively in the cause, and expected
good results.
All the railroads in the interior that con
! nect with the Central Pacific and South
ern Pacific, Mr. Perry said, had agreed to
carry the grain contributed free of
charge. The San Joaquin Valley road
lias undertaken to carry without charge '
all grain from the San Joaquin Valley to
Stockton. From there the California Navi
gation and Transportation Company will
bring it gratis to this City.
A communication from H. A. Rowlands, i
! chairman of the sub-committee of Ne
braska, was read. Mr. Rowlands wrote
that he had a large amount of green corn
which needed drying before shipment.
Arrangements were made to have it kiln
dried.
As yet no attempt has been made to ob
tain contributions from California. The
attention of the committee has been con
centrated on the outlying States of the
district to be drawn from. California is
confidently expected to respond to the
call promptly and without the necessity
of persuasion. For this reason the call to
her has been left until the last.
Although it is the intention to ship only
bread-tuffs, the committee is prepared to
receive and make good Uoe of contribu
tions of any kind. Money donated will
be used to buy grain at the lowest possible
figure.
No definite arrangement has been made
for chartering a vessel, and this must
necessarily depend on the degree of suc
cess with which the committee meets in
realizing its expectations. A bill has
pa3'ed both houses of Congress to allow
the Government to charter a vessel for
this purpose. The matter is thus left in
the hands of the Secretary of the Navy,
who will act through the commandant at
Mare Island.
The committee has been making some,
inquiries as to tbe available ships on the
coast, and should they succeed in gettine
together a 4000-ton cargo the Norwegian
steamer Eva will probably be recom
mended as a suitable era L This s'eamer,
which was built in 1893. it a steel vessel
and has a capacity of 4720 tons. Exclusive
of coal t;.is would leave about 4000 tons
carrying capacity clear. It is now lying"
idle at Victoria. Henry Lund, the Nor
wegian Consul, recommended this vessel
to the committee. He thinks it will take
the Eva about fifty days to make the trip.
The cargo is expected to be ready in four
weeks.
The committee for the India relief fund
has received the following from the Bur
lington system:
San Francisco. Cal., Feb. 20. 1897.
Gentlemen: The Burlington Company will
transport tree over its lines 100 tons oi corn 11
forwarded by the Nebraska relief committee
and we are assured of proper distribution
from points in Nebraska, for tbe benefit of the
famine soffereri in India. Kindly advise me
from what points in Nebraska you will Ship,
■■i that 1 can Instruct our people accordingly
Yours truly, W. D. Sanborn,
General Agent.
• WITNESSES IMPEISONED.
Eight Sailors of the li.-bcock Held to
Testify Against Heed.
David Reed, first mate of the ship W. F.
Babcock, is sailing in rough seas at pres
ent. Several weeks ago he was arrested
for beating and wounding William Perci
val, one of the sailors, but he got out on
bonds without much trouble. When his
case came up for examination before
J Commissioner Heacock he got his first
j setback, lor it turned out that while sail-
I ing in the ship Savannah be had been
j charged with similar offenses, and that
I he was known to be unnecessarily rough
* with the men under his charee.
Reed was held for trial, and a few days
ago the United States Grand Jury brought
lan indictment against him. By this time
; his bondsmen were getting a little un
| easy, and when the mate appeared before
I United States District Judge Morrow for
j arraignment yesterday morning '. the
! bondsmen were on hand and asked to be
I relieved of further responsibility. Their
request was granted and Reed was taken
i charge of by the Marshal. Previous to ar
| raignment Reed intimated that he was
willing to plead guilty to the charge of
I cruelty provided that he would be fined
and not imprisoned. None ot the prose
cuting officers in the District Attorney's
office would make such a promise and
Reed pleaded not guilty and was sent to
jail until his case can be tried.
He was not the only one to be sent to
jail. The District Attorney feared that be
: fore the case could he heard the witnesses,
; all sailors, would find employment and be
i ont of the reach of the court. So Percival
and seven of his fellow-sailors were placed
in the custody of the United States Mar
shal and sent to the Alameda County
Jail. To be sure they will be paid at the
rate of $1 » day $0 on as they are de
prived of their liberty, but the whole lot
protested against such treatment. It is
likely mat the ca-« will be tried soon.
Smoke Union Labor Stamp Cigars. ■
At a meeting of the San Francisco Brick
layers' Association, held February 17, it was
resolved that member* smoke only cigars that
have the "union label" stamp, and advise
others not to patronize stores that have not
the "union label" cigars for sale.
DR. COOK CURES
9/eruous 2)ebility,
Juost i/fanhood,
a/mpotency,
2/espondency,
Sxhaustiny 2)rains,
u/eakeniny 2)reams.
DR. COOK CURES
Sleet,
Sonorrhcea,
-inflammations,
Swellinys,
Stricture,
Urethritis.
DR. COOK CURES
Varicocele,
-hydrocele,
Shrunken Oryans,
tPitrophy,
. Phimosis,
Paraphimosis.
DR. COOK CURES
Syphilis,
Plood -impurities.
Pone -7{ffections,
Snlaryed Slands,
ulcers,
Skin uruptions.
HIGHER DUTIES
ON GLASSWARE
With Protection Local Bot
tle-Makers Would
Thrive.
San Francisco Ought to Com
pletely Supply the Home
Market.
Some Very Striking Interviews Witb
Men of Experience and Knowledge,
That Tell.
The glassblowers of San Francisco are
asking why is ii that wine and liquor
dealers find it necessary to purchase their
bottles, or at least the larger proportion,
, abroad when the home manufacture is ad
mittedly equal if not superior to the im
ported article? They realize, of course,
that the reduction in duty imposed by the
Wilson bill enabled tbe foreign bottle to
be sold here at a somewhat lower figure
that the home-made bottle, but with the
prospect of a reversion to sound protec
tive methods they are hoping that, other
things equal, the home-made bottle may
eventually oust its foreign competitor al
together from the market.
Statistics furnished for the fiscal year
ending June, 1895, show that the value of
bottles, vials, demijohns, carboys and jars,
empty and tilled, imported from a road
and. sold in San Francisco alone was more
than $50,000, while the total value repre
sente.t by ail other classes of foreign glass
goods runs into the hundreds of thou
sands of dollars, all of which is lost to the
local makers through the combined in
fluences of administrative negligence,
trade prejudice and lack of enterprise.
The glassblowers are fully alive to the
situation ana have appointed a repre
sentative committee to memorialize the
Ways and Means Committee at Washing
ton with the object of obtaining the resto
ration of tne McKinley duty, wbich was
1 cent per pound upon quart bottles and
1} 2 cents per pound upon pint bottles. •
The Wilson bill reduced these figures to
three-quarters of a cent, which means. a
difference in the price of about 50 cents
the pro.-.-.
The dutiable imports of glass and glass
ware la 1893 'amounted to $5,021,741, and
according to. the glassbiowers and their
supporters proper encouragement of the
California glats trade, to excel in which
this State is peculiarly well fitted, to
gether w ith corresponding energy and co
operation on the part of the recipients of
Federal consideration, would soon result
in the larger part of tbat sum of money
being retained within the boundaries of
tbe Union generally and California par
ticularly, and directly tend to promote
prosperous conditions.
The attitude of the producer and the
consumer, respectively, will be better i
understood by tbe perusal of tbe ap
pended interviews:
J. H. Davis of the Sau Francisco and
Pacific Glass Works said: "We have only
, recently commenced the manufacture of
twisted and seamless bottles, such as
have heretofore been imported trom
Europe. The foreign wine and beer
bottle sells all the way from $4 75 to $5
per gross. - With the recent «-xiensive ad
dttiom-'to our plant we are now able to
fill all orders at the same figures.
"The dealers hitherto have certainly
shown a preference for the foreign article,
but since we have proved our ability to
duplicate the latter they have promised
us large orders as soon as they dispose of
the piesent foreign stock on hand. You
may derive some idea of the importance
of this industry to the people of San Fran
cisco when 1 state that we pay out every
year in wages $125,000. Had we better
protection '.hat amount would be consid
erably increased, because whereas the
present demand only justifies us in work
ing during the day we would then put on
three eight- hour shifts and continue both
day and night.*
"The improvements we have introduced
in the shape of continuous tank furnaces
enable us to do this without any diffi
culty. The present Wilson bili enables \
competition to become very severe. We
would be perfectly satisfied with the res
toration of the McKinley rate, though,
unfortunately, I have seen no intimation
that any such restoration will be effected.
"Foreign competition is chiefly felt in
the line of bottles and window-glass and
not to such an extent in tableware. I feel
confident that with a return to the Mc-
Kiniey fieures we can manufacture every
variety of bottle at tbe same price as the
imported article. We now employ from i
forty to forty-five glassblowers, and with
tbe extension of our market so as to in
clude the manufacture of the entire local
consumption we could employ at least
eighty."
E. Abramson of the Abramson-Hen
nisch Company, bottle importers of Main
street, said that the question was essen
tially one of business. "We only import
what we need," he remarked, "and do not
pr. pose to go beyond tne limit. We folly
recognize the advantage ot keeping as
much money in circulation as possible,
and so far as that sentiment is concerned
the producer and consumer go hand in
band. The wine-dealers here are accus
tomed to use a certain kind ol dark green
bottle for red wines which are not manu
factured in San Francisco. When it is
made here they will be quite ready to use
it— price and quality being the same, of
course.
"The wine, liquor and mineral water
houses, as well as the brewers, unani
mously favor home production. An evi
dence of this is afforded by the fact that
since the trade learned that bottles ot cer
tain kinds in every respect equal to the
corresponding foreign article were being
mann.actnred here importations fell 75
per cent in value. Hitherto the average
annual value of imported bottles, duty
paid, sold in San Francisco has been about
$100,000.
"We have just received an order from
our traveler in Sacramento for 1200 gross '
of beer-bottles. This order was accom
panied by an imported sample an the I
wish was expressed that the order should
be filled here. Seeing that the improved
local facilities enable us to comply with
that request we shall certainly do so. We
also feei assured that Oregon will ere long
fall riaht in line and fill its orders here.''*'
Charles E. £<>wen, vice-president and
manager of the Wetniore-tiowen Com
pany, deprecated any su^cestion of preju
dice on the part of the winemen of San
Francisco and California. "Until re
cently," ne said, 'foreien bottles have had
a market simply because they were less ex
pensive than those of local manufacture.
AH attempts hitherto made to meet this
competition have failed on account of the
excessive cost, though the glass-blowers i
ana other workmen here are as skillful !
and experienced as any in the world.
"One explanation of our inability to I
produce a wine bottle of the same fineness
as the foreign bottle is that a certain kind j
of sand and soda ash cannot be found in !
California, and must be imported. Now, i
however, these ingredients are being im- i
ported as ballast in cargo, at a very low
• .: » '■
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY
Will You Accept It Now
and Be Happy
Or Will You Rej :ct It and Con-
tinue to buffer and
Sink ?
The world's leading specialist is at your
command. He offers to cure yoa, to
make out of you what nature intended— a
strong, vigorous, robust man or a healthy,
attractive, beautiful woman.
Your physical condition is something
too serious to be trifled with. When your
health, and likewise the happiness of the
dear ones at home who are depending
upon your health, are impaired, you do
not want to experiment with cheap: nos-
trums and catchpenny quacks. What
you want and must have in order to get
well is the best, most scientific and : suc-
cessful treatment the medical profession
affords. This is the kind of treatment of-
fered you by Doctor Cook.
The Doctor desires in particular chronic,
obstinate, deep-seated diseases that have
baffled the slcill of other physicians and
resisted their treatment. His thoughts
are continuously with stubborn cases and
their remedies.
Doctor Cook is the hope of the hopeless;
their star in the night of despair; a star
that has already led untold thousands
from the quagmires of disease and suffer-
ing up into the green fields of health and
happiness.
So if you are sick and want to get well,
to be once more a strong man or a beauti-
ful woman, go this day, and before it is
everlastingly too late, to one whose repu-
tation for skill, success and fair dealing is
as solid and lasting as the mountains.
Doctor Cook has developed a system of
home treatment by correspondence that
is absolutely perfect and always satisfac-
tory. Therefore if you live out of the city
and cannot come to the Doctor's office
write htm. Describe your troubles fully
and frankly in your own way and receive,
free of charge, Dr. Cook's new and valu-
able book on Nervous and Sexual Diseases.
rate, and it is probable tnat local compe
tition will soon be successful in conse
quence.
"The sand found here is useless for the
manufacture of pure white flint glass,
though Pittsburg, with its splendid fur
naces and cheap fuel, produces all these
finer qualities used in the prescription
business, for the liquor trade and for most
pharmaceutical purposes. We take a good
many of these, but nearly all our wine
bottles are imported from Europe.
"I will say for the home-made article
that those bottles we have bought here
have been as strong and as uniform in size
and quality as any of the imported bottles,
but tne price has always been somewhat
higher lor the reasons mentioned. We
are thoroughly in favor of the restoration
ofthe McKinley duty, and as long as the
home-made bottle is as cheap and as good
as the foreign bottle we are willing to
use it." y.y .
STOPPED TOO SUDDENLY.
Four Passengers More or Leas In
jured on a Union - Street
Cable- Car.
Four passengers on a Union-street cable
car were more or less injured yesterday
morning, and two ol them— Frank Ver
non, stenographer in Judge Conlan's
court, and his son Howard, stenographer
in Judge Campbell's court— were taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
Tbe Vernons rode downtown together,
seated on the dummy. They had been
chatting with Anson Duffy, an employe,
of the Market-street Railroad, and as the
car reached the terminus at Washington
street and Montgomery avenue the three
rose from their seats to alight. Just then
the car stopped with a sudden jerk, and
the three were thrown backward over the
dashboard to the cobblestone pavement.
Tne Vernons were badly stunned by the
fail. Howard had a scalp wound on the
back of his head and his father was
wounded on top of his head, the wound
extending several inches. Duffy escaped
with a shaking up to his system.
Joseph Moser, another' passenger was
seated inside the car. The shock threw
him from his seat and he escaped with a
law abrasions on his head. The con
ductor was standing near the door open
ing to the dummy and the jerk threw
htm against the glass of the door, which
was shattered into pieces.
The two Vernons, after having their
wounds stitched and dressed at the hos
pital.jwere sent to their homes.
It is supposed that the sudden stoppage
of the car was due to a strand in the
cable.
SWINDLED HIS PRIEND.
Joseph Beuchunol, » tailor, ; Booked on
a Charge of Forgery.
Joseph Benchmol, a sailor, who was
arrested Friday by Policeman X. C.
Murphy for stealing two razors from a
barber-shop at 2*26 Fourth street, was con
victed by Judge Campbell yesterday and
sentenced to six months in the County
JaiL
Beochmol had a charge of forgery booked
against him yesterday. The complaining
j witness is L. A. Nur.es, a storekeeper at
; 69 Jackson street. Nunes has befriended
j Beucbmol on several occasions and he bas
; /discovered that he has been systematically
swindling him. Some weeks ago he sent
j him a note from Los Angeles forging the
name of one of Nunes' friends and asking
lor $20. and he got it He has also been
forging Nunes' name on orders to store
keepers for shoes and other articles.
Another Contest in the M-tyne Kstate,
Another contest in the estate of the late
Charles Mayne lias been filed in the Probate
Court The Merzbach and Goldsmith heirs of
New York City have employed Attorney Ed
ward .McMartin to conduct the litigation on
their behalf and have agreed to pay him 50
per cent of all he can collect from the estate.WAR HAS NOW BROKEN OUT
IN THE SOCIETY ISLANDS
French Warships and Volunteers From Tahiti Have
Been Sent to the Scene of the
Fighting.
' The Natives Have Retired to
the Hills and Refuse to
Surrender.
" ...MANY LIVES SACRIFICED
Governor Gallet Powerless and His !
;.['. "Ultimatum Was Treated With
Scorn
■ ••
.* . Wars and rumors of wars still fill the
. air. Spain has ber troubles in Cuba.
' Greece and the European powers are
squabbling over the massacres in Crete,
.. and ■England is all worked up over the
Armenian question. The row in South
Africa has not yet been amicably settled,
••" and -the Samoans are only awaiting an
... opportunity to get at each other's throats
.. • /iiie arrival of the Galilee from Tahiti
-. / the arrival of the Galilee from Tahiti
-.rnhowa that another country is in the '
. .throes of war. The islanders on the
Marshall group have thrown open defiance
• at France, and all the forces at the com
, • mand the Governor of the islands have
V proved of no avail against the natives.
The villages of the latter have been de
* stroyed, their crops burned down, their
■ .strongholds in the hills have been shelled,
■': and their dead can be counted by the hun
dreds and thousands. Still they refuse to
• ■surrender, and many a brave Frenchman
• has met his death at the hands of a na
tive, and many another will cross the
". bourne over which no traveler returneth
• before tne unequal conflict is over.
According to the story told by the pas
sengers on tne Galilee the natives have
. been growling and grumbling for a long
• . time past. They assert that the taxes are j
too heavy and finally refused to pay when
" called upon. Those on the main group
' .were soon brought to terms, but the men
: -on Raiatea and the adjacent islands held j
out, and when the Galilee sailed from ■
• Papeete the men, women and children i
had retired to the hills and were keeping |
up a desultory warfare.
The transport Aube, with several com- j
•* p.anies of volunteers, and the frigate j
'„ Duguay-Trouin were on the scene and the !
following proclamation was sent to all the
Bb bei chiefs:
To the rebels of Raiatea and of Tahaa: Re
peated insults to the French flag have tried \
• the patience of the Government of the repub- j
lie, I come forward with soldiers and men-of
war to compel you to lay down your arms
and return to obedience. I allow you four
.days' grace to listen to the voice of reason and
make your submission complete.
After that time if you do not surrender our
troops will march against you and punish
. ' you as you deserve. : ■ T-t. '.>- : ~ *• "
=* If you compel me to take arms I will take j
NfHe most severe measures against you and your [
fcopie and confiscate your territory.
...' ; Tthereiore order you to evacuate your dis- i
trict* without delay and to come with your j
' chief, your families, your arms and ammuni- j
tion on January 1 at the following places :
The rebels of Tahaa with their wives ana j
. families to the Island of Toahotu.
.!: Uhe rebels of Opoa on the Island of Irlru ; i
those of Tevaitoaon the Island of Tahunoae I
: arid Torca.
* '. The white flag has to be raised on all tnose i
•joints to show that you Pave rendered your ;
' .' submission. Executed at Uturoa.
G. Gallet, Governor.
• . The result of the ultimatum is best
. given in tne words of the Messager de '•
Tahiti:
From Ter&upo received the ultima- j
turn, but would not respond.
* From Tahaa — Would not answer.
"_ . From Tavaitoa— Returned the envelope con- !
taining the ultimatum unopened. Later, i
when the ultimatum was returned to them, '
'•' the chiefs took the matter under consider- I
. ation.
From Avera— The chiefs refused to recog- j
. pile the Governor and said the only man they '
•would treat with was M. Chesse. Liter on, i
however, the high chiefess of Avera sent
wowl that she would treat with Governor '
■ Gallet at Uturoa if he would meet her there.
The Society Islands, or as the Messager
de Tahiti calls them, "Isles sous le
. Vent" (the Leeward Islands) are the
•principal French possessions in the South
ern Pacific. Papeete, on the island of
Tahiti, is the capital, and from there the |
destinies of the group are directed. The
Governor has had trouble with the natives
•• ever since he arrived there last year. M. j
Gallet came here via New York and sailed !
' for Tahiti on the Tropic Bird. Ever since !
he* took up tbe reins of government there
teems to have been trouble, and one island
' after another has risen in revolt. Now
the entire group seems to be disaffected, j
and all the resources of the Government i
et m to be taxed to quell the disturbance. i
\Tbe Messager, in describing the sailing j
■** of the soldiers for the scene of battle, says: I
° The following is the order of march and of '
. embarkment:
Gn .the Duguay-Trouin, forming a column j
Commanded by the captain of the frigate I
Ban lei:
(1) Tahltian Volunteers.
(2) Marine Infantry.
''• (3) Tahoa Volunteers.
; (4). Landing force from the Duguay-Trouin.
On the Aube and forming a. second column,
commanded by the captain of the frigate Cho
. tjieprat.
fl)*Raiatean Volunteers.
(2-) Marine Infantry (New Caledonian dc
*.ta.climent).
.. " (3) Landing force of tho Aube.
" In conclusion the same authority says ;
tlie conscripts again and again repeated j
° the cry : "Vive la France! Vive Gou- I
• verneur." The Governor remained inhis i
carriage, unconcerned, until the last man !
*as aboard the transport and then he j
himself went aboard the Duguay-Trouin. j
•* "When the vessels reached Raiatea If. '■
•Taii was sent ashore to treat with tbe i
natives and everything possible was done !
• tii avoid bloodshed. It was of no avail,
however, and when the Galilee sailed the :
•natives were fortified in the hills and the ;
• soldiers and marines were trying in vain j
to.disiodge them.
• Captain Dinsmore reports that outside
helhad nothing but heavy west-northwest |
'wet'. her. Several sails were blown away !
enft the cabin and forecastle were flooded, j
Suing on Chinese Bonds.
Suit has been filed by Attorneys Jones &
■ O'Donnell, on behalf of the City and County
'•'" of San Francisco, to collect $1000 bail money
from fllu Jong and Mock Tin, bondsmen for
' ." Yee Chung, a Chinese gambler who failed to
' appear when called for trial in Judge Joachim
jiou's court last Friday morning. The defend
tnti' attorney announced that Yee Chung was
in court and called on the officers to identify
him, but this the officers could not do, as there
were nearly 300 other Chinese present. Tbere
are 238 similar cases, and in each one, when
the defendants fail or refuse to answer when
called, the bonds have been declared forfeited
and suits will be commenced for collection.
SEVERAL VIOLENT DEATHS.
Inquests Held on Murder, Suicide and
Natural Causes Cases.
Several inquests were held at the Morgue
yesterday in the cases oi violent deaths.
The most important was the murder case
of Patrick Dolan, the saloon-keeper who
was shot to death last week by the cook,
Eugene Kenney. No particularly new
facts were brought out. The witnesses
testified that Kenney entered Dolan's
saloon, on Market street, and called for a
glass of beer, and •while Dolan was getting
the beverage Kenney drew his revolver and
shot the saloon-keeper in the back, pro
ducing wounds that caused death about
twenty hours later. The jury returned a
verdict In accordance with these facts and
added that Kenney shot with an intent to
kill.
Last Tuesday Lauren E. Crane, a bar
keeper residing at 800 Kearny street, ended
his life with a large dose of poison. Tho
jury no doubt intended to return a verdict
in accordance with the facts, but J. A.
Wagner, the foreman, fixed up the finding
in this way: "That the said Lauren E.
Crane came to his death through despond
ency caused by morphine-poisoning ad
ministered by his own hands."
A verdict of accidental drowning while
temporarily insane was returned in the
case of Mrs. Kate Canavan, whose body
was recovered Irom the bay off Harrison
street wharf on the 16th. She lived at
3-15b Beale street, and wa** 43 years of age.
On Friday last Carl Paulsen, a carriage
maker living at 103 Sixth street, shot him
self in the heart. A verdict of suicide
while under the influence of liquor was
given.
On the 12t!i inst. Fong Bow was found
hanging in his home, at 21 Sullivan alley,
and all the testimony given at the inquest
showed that it was a case of suicide.
William H. Brenner, a porter, living at
127b Bernard street, was struck by the
dummy of the Sutter-street Railroad
Company early last week and on the 16ih
he died in the Receiving; Hospital from a
broken skull. The jury decided that the
death was accidental and Gus Ramberg,
the gripman, was exonerated from all
blame.
The jury decided that James Hoey's
death was the result of natural causes.
Hoey was the painter who died recently
in the .Branch County Jail.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market st., S. F. *
Christian i ndeavor Concert.
A benefit concert for the convention fund of
the Christian Endeavorers will he given at the
Association Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, on Tuesday even in?. The concert will
be given by the Clara Schumann quartet,
assisted by Miss Daisy Gilmore, 8. Homer Hen
ley, Armand Solomon aud others.
HONORED THE HOLIDAY.
Public Scho:l Pupils Duly Cele
brate Washington's
Birthday.
Elaborate Prcgrammes Rjndered at
Lincoln Evening School in the
Varicus Grades
The exercises commemorative of George
Washington's birthday ordered by the
Board of Education were duly held on Fri
day in the various schools throughout
the City. Among the specially attractive
programmes were those rendered by the
pupils of the Lincoln evening school as
follows:
Hrst and fifth grades (adults'), Mrs. S. Wlgand,
Miss li. Kelly, Miss Mac Donald, teachers—"Amer
ica": reading by Miss Mac Donald class; reading:
Mr. Loevenbera, Mrs. Wigaud's class: reading,
Mr. dark, Miss Keliy'a class; alnglDg, Miss
Arendt, Mrs. Wiuand'u class; recitation, "My
Country," Miss Block, Miss Mac Donald's class;
recitation. G. Mingst, Mrs. Wigand'a class: read
ing. Ksiel Boyle Miss Kelly's ciaas; "America."
third and fourth grades, May F. iironson
teacLer— Recitations ou Heorge Washington by
pupils: readings by teacher; flag piece; singing of
••America," -Red, White and Blue" and "Star
spangled Banner."
hlxih grade Miss 1* Faille teacher— Reading
"°° x '{''•''' of Washington" ; quotations and poems
about Washington; composition; song, "Amer
ica."
sixth grade, H. McAfee teacher— Reading,
! "The Birthday of Washington"; reading. "Life of
* Washington': quotations, " i rlnutes to Washing
, ton'; reading, '-character of Washington": reci
( tation, 'Vur Flag."
beventh grade, M. A. Smith teacher-bong,
America ; some fact regarding the life of or a se
lection about Washington by each member of the
class: readings by the teacher.
Seventh grade, L. O'Neill teacher-- George
Washington." James Blake: "Patrick Henry.**
■Hairy spaulding; song, "America." class: song,
Columbia, ' c.ass: remarks about Washington.
class: "Hall Co.umbla," c.ass. ■"»"«".
tlghth grade, Mr. Weaver teacher-"Llfe of
WasulnKtou." < Tease: -supposed Speech of John
-I.^; .£. y: "^i 1 ' ana Order," Kodolphus;
LUeof ibomas Jefferson," Smith; Dec aratlon
wa dd?»L ' C< '' varlou ** members of the clas*;
H^.H^STtf*' w B " *S K °Wcke teacher-»Con*.ple
tion of the Bunker Hill Monument." O. slit;
•Character of. Washington," K. O'Connor; ■fet
ter From Benjamin Fraukli, w Washington," K.
! Hannay: "Union Liber v." L. A. Dein* "Patrick
< A 6 y a.le^ ee^'o SJW»«-£ "Ou? conS ry,"
A. Halter, -\oj Put No lowers on Papa's
, Grave," J. Hoar; -My Country." ' !„ffi •
"Cnrfew Must Not Ring » J. Lynch* seiecfed L
I Cadier; "Washington's Character?" ' J. loxgooa*
reading, ■riaoind, J. Galvin; "W.-shlngton's telVth
aay," D- Cadier; essay, "Washington." F. K. Mad
den; "Oeo.ge Washington," F. Miisner* sons M.
.Nelion; "Polish Boy." Y. Nakamvrl* °vie o't
Washington In Four Part -." S. J. > Ky a ' n J %?,'
coyne,E. Keegan. P. Woodhouse; cornet 'solo a
Teds. en; "America," class. ™*■8 °* a.
Ni.tb gra.e, K. J. unyon teacher-Readlne
-Iweuiy-lirst of February." Samuel ManaisH
recitation. "Our Flag," hd»-. M.zgerald r I ,'
••Coincidences la Lulled btates HlstorV *■ mi «
Downle; reading. "Our Flag', History »'« har
| Hlnc<eu; recitation, "Grave or Washlrieio "
Charles Turner; recitai, n, "Freedom " Mlia
Rogeis: reading, "Apostrophe to Washinelon ■'
John Miisner; recltac.on, "Hells of Mo i,t Ye,
non," James Van Felt; reading. "Life. f
Washington," Miss Klrbv; reaJing "a nee
dotes of Washing.on," samuel Arensbere
i recliation. "Mi anhiugiou, ' Henry liainves- reci-
I tation, Miss Baer; rea In*.-, "crowing tha 'Data
I ware," Willi m Thumler; declamation. "Daniel
i Web ter's Spe.ch July 4. 1851." Kibert Inele*
: anon 'Patriotic selection," Mlsi Bird- reci
! tation, "Boys We Need," William perm
[ recitation, ' Libeity and Union," M is ; t-airaiiie-
I recliation, " the Good -old 'limes," Howard Jen
j sen; recitation, "Birthday of Washington," Walter
Smith; re i.all*-n, "Union, Liber y." Miss Neylon
j Ninth grade. Miss L. B. liarrigan teacher— Song"
i •Mount Vernon Bells," class; ea^ay, "Euloglsm on
Washing on," Maurice iCu-iaar; reading, • ash
iig on." Walter Sander on: --Character of Wasb-
Inton" Otto Dein,; "'i'ribute to Washington"
Phili.- le, r. -'The Faithful Boy," Henry Lo>> en
thai: "Our Dear Land," Robert Riley; -Arnold or
Washington?" Arthur L^wenthal; "The Good Old
Times, ' John Byrne; "Washington,'' George
Benalieck* ..-Not George We. huiton," Marry
Stone; "Quo atlous l- rom Washington's Life," class
reading; s.i.i.i to the F.ag." "America," c.as.
E giiih grade, Mrs. Parlinand Miss Ho.lub lea ti
ers — »>oui(. *'*-,lnheu of Washington"; lecitailon
"Washington"; song, ".star-spangled Banner"-'
read ng, -'Li • f Washington"; recltailon. "Wa,b.
iugtou": cornet soo, '-Amcrl a"; reading. "Mv
Country"; so.it:, soo. "ihe rlag of liberty": re-
Citation, "our Couniry": reading, "The Flower of
Liberty solo, "Red, While aud Blue"; song
"America "
ELhtb grade, B. at. Bret/. teacher-Conc-rt
recitation by ■ ln-s of short selections from "Birth
day of .Washing OS" (It Of OS tbo-ie); reading of
select! in, "Apostrophe to Washington' 7 reading
oi lection, "Washington's S.- o/d and Franklin's
htaff"; short n-adi..g. ••American Patriotism"
reading of ">-lfe of ashiugton," oy six pupils. '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
MARGARET DAVIES.
SOUS OF WALES
WILL CELEBRATE
Preparing for an Elaborate
Observance of St.
David's Day.
On March I Odd Fellows' Hall
Will By the Scene of a
Big Festival.
Attractive Exercises for the Benefit
cf the Poor and to Promote
Sociabi ity.
The sons, daughters and descendants of
"Wales residing in this City and vicinity
are making preparations for their annual
celebration on the Ist of March (St. Da
vid's day).
Odd Fellows' Hall will be the scene of
the musical exercises on the evening of
this day, and the colors of the Welsh, or,
historically speaking, the ancient Brit
onsgreen and white, accompanied by
the leek surmounted by the stars and
stripes, will be much in evidence on this
occasion.
The real origin of "wearing the leek" on
St.. David's day is Involved in consider
able obscurity. The most commonly re
ceived tradition is that about the year C 93
Cadwallon, the King of the Britons, led
his men to battle against the Saxon forces
on the eve of St. David's day. King Cad
wallon perceived the enemy disguised in
the garb of his own men, and to distin
guish them from the Saxons he com
manded his men to wear the leek. His
tory does not record whether the odor of
the leek was a factor in the fray or not.
However, the Saxons were vanquished;
hence the celebration.
Welsh celebrations take, the form of
musical festivals. This is not to be won
dered at, as "the whole of Wales is a sea
of song," and its sons and daughters are
endowed with voices of exceptional sweet
ness, clearness and flexibility, that, like
birds, they seem to sing because they can
not help it, and with a wild abandon and
enthusiasm that is eminently contagious.
Whether this gift is due to climatic in
fluences or racial peculiarities is not
known, but that it is a distinctly natural
trait is undoubted. For a Welshman to
have a voice is as natural as to have a
tongue, and to sine as natural as to walk.
It is, therefore, not surprising that some
of our best vocalists and musical con
ductors bail from "gallant little Wales."
The length of the musical programme '
will of necessity debar long orations, and
speaking will be confined to a short ad
dress by a representative Welsh-Ameri
canTa'liesin Evans — who will preside.
The Cymmrodion Club, under the di
rection of David Lewis, will open the pro
ceedings by rendering "The Star-spangled
Banner," to be followed by "The March
of the Men of Harlech," which Mr. Glad
stone considers the greatest of all war
marches. This Welsh male chorus will
also sine "Cambria's Song of Freedom"
(T. J. Davies). "Welsh Airs" (Ropers)
and "Let the Hills and Vales Resound" i
(Richards).
J. C. Hughes, the eminent basso, will i
sing in Welsh "V Gadlals" ("The Battle
Cry").
Mrs. Millie Wratten, Mrs.
Eunice Westwater and D. M. Lawrence
will act as vocalists; Miss Marie Kimball
will play a selection of Welsh airs on the
harp; Margaret Davies. the phenomenal
child pianist; Professor Jose Andon?gui,
the violinist, and Professors R. D. Burness
and Eniil "Cruells, accompanists, will
also take tart.
The musical performance will be fol
lowed by dancing, which will be kept up
until a late hour.
Of late yeais St. David's day has not
been celebrated regularly in this City, and
with the view of holding celebrations on
every recurring March 1 in the future
a society is about to be organized. It will
probably be named "Cy mm rod ion So
ciety," but "Llanfairpwllgyngyllgogerch
wymdrobwllsantisiliogogoch Society' 7 has
been ■■ suggested in case that *'Cvmmro
dion" is not a high-sounding Welsh word.
Its object will be to extend relief and as
sistance to all deserving applicants, and
its social features will be promoted in
various ways, calculated to keep up and
renewing old friendships, refreshing
memories with reminiscence.! of early
youth and warming up the hearts of men
with patriotic sentiments. It will bring
'all classes together and make all feel that
touch nf nature which makes all human
kind akin.
The chairman of the committee of ar
rangements is James Smith; secretary, R.
J.Hughes; treasurer. O. S. Owen.-. The
following are the members of the- sub
committees: Attorney Hu Jones, David
Hughes, iL J, Lloyd, Artljux W. Jones,
Hugh T. Roberts, Tevi?, Maclor G.
Owens. R. Jones, Richard Owen, : Ellis
Jones, Charles Evans, Captain J. T.Jones,
Robert Jones, T. Longwortn, D. M. Jones.
USE OF CITY CASH.
Justices' Salaries and the Hamburg*;
imposition Appropriation Under
Consideration.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has cut down Max Gumpel's
bill as an expert in the Becker and
Creegan case from $300 to $75. A meeting
of the committee was held yesterday and
the salaries of the Justices of the Peace
and Justices' clerks came up for discussion.
Auditor Broderick was present. It was
agreed to turn in the warrants and to con
sider this to be equivalent to the turning
in of fees and so balance the books. This
agreement will permit tne Justices and
the clerks of the Justices' Court to draw
their salaries, which have been held back
pending the bnal settlement of the ques
tion concerning the holding out of the
fees.
The committee also heard J. A. Filcher's
plea for favorable action concerning the
appropriation for the Hamburg Exposi
tion and took the matter under advise
ment.
THE JUNIOR ORDER DAY
; Arrangements for the Celebra
tion on the Night of Wash
ington's Birthday.
Entertainment, Bail and Banquet in
Golden G.te Ha..— Ti* Order, lis
Grcwth and Oij.cts.
The general committee of arrangements
; of the Junior Order of United American
| Mechanics, at its meeting in the Shiels
| building lust Friday night, made the final
I arrangements for the eveut in Golden Gate
i Hall to-morrow night as the closing ob
; servance of Junior Order day.
There will be an entertainment, ball and
banquet given by the Daughters of Lib
erty and the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics, and the following
programme was agreed upon:
Overture, orchestra; introductory remarks,
State Councilor il. C. Schaertzer; song,
"America." by the audience; address,
George O. Perry; vocal solo, "Sword of
I Bunker Hill," Robert S. Duncan; travesty,
Frank I. Macau. and Florence Gladsorl;
vocal selection, "Don't Be Cross," Miss Mabel
Prahl. Farce, "Turn Him Out," by members
of the Starr-King Dramatic Club— Mackintosh
Moke, Charles Klein; Nicodemus Nobbs, F. C.
Gerdes; E/lantine Koseleaf, Roy Fletcher;
Julia (Moke's wife), Miss Km ma Cantus; Susan
(a maid), Miss Tottie Phillips. Grand march
and dancing.
The following-named officers and com
mittees will have charge of the affair:
H. C. Schaertzer, president of the day; Z. T.
Whltten, grand marshal; Charles Klein, chair
man executive committee; I.'. R. Bogart, sec
retary executive committee; B. H. Boivley,
treasurer executive committee.
Committee on arrangements— \V. D. Cald
well, CharPs Klein, Dr. A. M. Flood, Mrs. C.
F. Strong and Miss L. Cantus.
Entertainment committee— Cal Ewing, T. T.
Burnett, B. H. Bowlev, J. £. Becker, F. A.
Blakcslee. Miss I. Lothrop, Miss M. Parker, !
Mrs. A. Knox, Mrs. A. M. Benjamin, Miss F.
Sylvester, Miss S. Trimble, Mrs. S. M. Smith.
Miss H. Black, Miss I. Somers, Miss M. Hamp
ton, Mrs. I. L. Stevens, Miss T. Dieder ensen.
Banquet committee— Mrs. C. F. Strong, Mrs.
A. Knox, Mrs. A. M. Benjamin. Miss E. Sylves
ter, Miss I. Lothrop, Miss M. Parker, Miss M.
Hampton, Miss Trimble, Mrs. S. M. Smith,
Mrs. I. L. Sevens, Miss H. Black, MissT. Died,
chsen. Miss 1. Somers, Miss Reed, Miss R. *
Hurwood.
Floor manager, Desmond Ellsworth; floor
| committee, William Cross. H. A. Moenning,
i Mr. Gardner, Joseph Basch, Miss Laura Cantus, '
Miss B. Smith, F. C. Wyckoff. •
Reception committee— Charles Klein, Ed- I
ward Klose, C. G. Nagie, Wil lain L. Mitchell,
Z. T. Whitten, Mrs. F. E. Bowley, Miss A. Mcln
tire, Miss Lizzie Cantus, Mrs. Hastte, Mrs. E. '
Lytle, Miss 1. Fulton.
The Junior Order was at one time a
branch of the Order of United American
Mechanics, but several years ago severed
its connection from the parent order, and
on tbe 30th of September, 18*09, the Na
tional Council of the Juniors was organ
ized. It has now ab ut 2000 council- in
the United States, with a membership of
about 200,000. There are state councils in
thirty-live States, and councils in lorty
four" States and Territories, The state
council of California was organized on the
22d of February, 1894. and it now has un
der its jurisdiction thirty councils, with a
membership of about 3000.
The objects of the order are:
To maintain and promote the interests of Ameri
cans, and *leid I hem from tbe depressing effects
of foreign comp tit ion; to assist Americans ln ob
taining employment; to encourage Americans in
business; to establish a sic* and funeral fund; to
maintain tbe public school system of the United
(Hates of America, a d to prevent sectarian inter- •
ference t! erewl.n and uphold' the reading of the I
Holy Bible therein.
The qualifications for membership are:
A white male person, born in the United states
Of North America or order the protection of Its
flag, of good moral character: a believer In the
existence of a -upieu.e be ng as he creator and
preserver of the universe: opposed to union of
church and state; favorable IO free education and
th American public s* hooi system: between 16
and SO yeaia of ase for beneficial membership,
over 60 years nun-beneficial membership.
The Daughters of Liberty who are to
take part in the affair are a side order, of
the Juniors and American Mechanics.
. he objects ol this order are to promote^
social intercourse and mutual improve
ment; visit the sick and distressed; per
petuate American principle's in harmony
and conjunction with the Order of. United
American Mechanics and to promote the
happiness and prosperity of the order in
general.
' Its purpose is to teach American-born
women the necessity of perpetuating
American principles by and through or
ganization; its work is in conjunction
with American Mechanics and Jr. Ameri
can Mechanics, to whom it is auxiliary by
I adoption. '
J -• .' . xnvr TO-DAT.
There are two impor-
tant points of marked
difference between
SOZODONT and all
: other dentifrices : —
I.— - Its world-wide repu-
tation
2. — The combination of
liquid and powder
: - in one package.
RECOMMENDED
BY DISTINGUISHED
DENTISTS AND SOLD
B V LEA DING DRUG-
GISTS NEARLY
FORTY YEARS.
A Sample for 3c, or complete
package by mail or express, pre-
paid, for 75c; with Sozoderma
Soap (for the complexion), $1 . Ad-
dress P. O. Box 247, N. Y. City.
HALL & RUCKEL, ©
New York. Proprietors. ' London.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY I
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
OF .
ART GOODS
5. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, M MORS,
VASES, ORXA3IEMS,
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
BRASS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble
Statuary, Pedes! als, French
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount of 20 ' Per Cent
FROM CUR REGULAR PRICES.
AT AUCTION
' — r BV
. .
ff* w,,,i * |l -^ ji Tn'ff*fnßW**nrynff^ w *** B,i: ff
s% a i W ' •» y amra
EJ •% (a i ■/& c 3
1 ii *inißJt'«*M«arayi«CMM^
REFEREES SALE,
By Orderof Probate Court,
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
WEDNESDAY, FEB. 24, 1897,
At 12 O'clock, Noon, .
AT SALESROOM, 626 MARKET ST.
Following Property Belonging to Es-
tate of Alary li. Peuae.
Nob. 16 and 17 SOfTII PARK AYE.. NX. cor.
Center pace: lot 47:6x97:6 along Center place to
an ailey: 3 frontages: '2 4 Dior*.* brick house.*).
rained to one par y at $65 month; tenants pay
.water; street worK comp e:ed.
" Nos. 370 and S7'2 Bl**A"*-NAN ST., N. side, ad-
Joining Third St.: lot 35x80 to rear street: 2
2-mory ' frame hous s aid siabie iv rear, .rents
*-■* 1 - tenants pay water: streets and sidewalks
accepted by city.
No. 37 SOUTH PaKK. adjoining SK. cor. of
Thhd St.: lot L'l v 7:t* to rear street; street
worK accepted by city; rmis 9-7 50; tenant pays
water :>^|>riMH9<>WMMMBMl
for abstract and terms of sale apply to
MADISON & BLKIih,
620 Market bt., Opp. Palace Hotel,
- . fT-VT TO-DAT-DRT GOOD**
1 HOUSEKEEPERS ' OPPORTUNITY!
<& — — - 1 ■- rr .*,
,£». AT THK 5
Tf -^
•■> — .-^
I CITY OF |H PARIS!
I Linens and Curtains and I
* Blankets. Portieres. I
2? — — *
l£ 18x35 Hemmed Huck Towels, Handsome Tapestry Portieres, T
J? I—l . in ail colors, 3r
I 15c Each $ _. :|
4* 70-inch Bleached Linen Da- -3'_ * **' ■*■
4* mask, satin finish, great
*i. value at •  _ L .„ *•♦.
m & . Heavy Chenille Portieres, full %-
-4? $1 nn Vai«il sizes » with rich dado and *£.
£ 451^ IdrU frieze, to finish at 3
4? 25-inch Napkins to match, at dj 50 D*j 2*• *b
I $3*50 Dozen — • f
? 68x80 Pure Wool White Blan- 50 inch Satin Tapestry, new &
jg . ket. Our leader. colorings, %*
I $5^ 35C Yard I
MISCELLANEOUS.
vSSSS^^%^<*st^ 60 page book free with
•^BBK \^SS^S^^nSrm9 heme testimonials of many
"derful Cnras -wo r s t
JiJ°- l *aß*^^^ places-Women's Breasts
/£/***&& marA m^a '''' li. CHAMLET, M.D.
%tm*VS V office ' 719 Market St.
Send to Someone with Cancer
U. A. Bertolln?. Pres. H. Nordman. Vlce-Pres, '
A. W. Kirit, sec, Joa. Nordman, Treat.
SuS WmreeSe^LmsS' ■•■"t.i -' JBT''
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRAXCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
' Jau Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a.m.*. 13:31.
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
nt 11.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
•and 1 1 :30 P. M.
SUNDAYS -.00, 9:30, 11*00 a.m.; 1:3% 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Rafael to San. Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. V. and 8:35 P. m.
6UNDAIS— 3:11*. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; I:4ft 3:41
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetaen Parle santa
schedule as above.
*''* ,v In effect Arrive •
San Francisco. oct^T? 6 * Francl *»-
Wkkk I SON-- UMMnMinn 6tT!r - I WmtK
Days. I days. destination. | PAYg . |yp AYa .
7:30 am 8:00 ax Novato, 10:40 am, 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, ( '
7:30 am • Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg, I
1 ytton, !
Geyserville, j
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
I j Pleta,
I ! Hopland, &
7:30 am 8:00 am I'kiah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am ~ 10:25 am
■ 8:00 am , Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 AM 8:40 AM
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm i Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7 am 18:01) am l SebaatODoL 110:40 AMi 10:2 .AM
3:30 pm 1 5 pm' faeDa «topol. [ 6:10 pm| 6:22
stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mart West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i-akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviile, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, win mi. Cahto, Co-
veio, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. ;-;■.-.■'
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all points be-
yond ban Kafael at half rate**- ...
Ticket Offices, 650 Marketst., Chronicle building.
. A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1893.
yyy WEEKDAYS.
For Mill .Valley ana san Rafael— *7:2s, *3:15.
11: a.m. **1:45. 3:45, *5: 15. *j:4a. 6:30 p.m. I
Extra trips for Sin Kafael on Mondays, VVednes- ,
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun Bafael— *B:oo, *10:00
•11:80 a. m. ; *l;h0, 3:00, *4:SO, 6:15 P. M.
rains marked » run to san Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. -
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a m !
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days.
>or Cazndero and way stations— 7 :2s a. m. week-
days; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays.
■ — * * — , 1
THE m FRISCISCO 119 SiS JOIQUU
VALLEY KAllffl! COIiPAH. i
F?l7 M r „ J 0 A d^ RY «. 1897 - P«-«g e r tmn, I
"-pp o^... Stations. Northbonnd. !
1:.q A a " S:or k ton 6:10 p. m.
9:19 a.m .....Merced... 8:14 p m.
ii.i.OA m Fresno.. 1 :10 p m
lor Intermediate stations see time-table. ' i
• connecting steamboats of the C. N. A I. Ca i
leave San 1 rancisco a d Stockton at 6p. m. dully I
WimmT--rTwman'M^^ MANHOOD RESTORED^—^-^
W^ Jf^ MANHOOD RESTOREDS™
m\\3 rirJ kamaT *—*. _J ""•iiiiwww »<»o»> 1 VllbwV Italizer.tbeprcscrlo.
■ rr. <^ f\ jf^» 55 a *]p n otaiamous French physician, will quickly cure you of all n«r-
-« \> V AsXI \> .SI T OOB or > diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
89 T kmmsl '\J mIaXU Insomnla-Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions. NctWnsDeWHtv'
• W. l#^L T 'Wj' Pimples Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Uiai ns. Varicocele and
■ >v r V ""/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Pi? vents onirk.
,5a V^ ness of discharge, which if not checked loads to Spermatorrhoea and
• ■ BEFORL «ND AFTER gl'tte horrors of lmpotency. (X'PIDENE cleanses theUver, th«
v *"""• *""* " r i •*-" kidneys and the urinary organsolaU impurities. ,v "
■ ma CWPI'OENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. '
_ The reason sufferer* we not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per e«»nt are tronhlwl —■'*■%.
Prostatitis. CUPIDENE ls the only kno^T remedy to cure without un ration 5000 testlmnnt
als. • A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does no; effect a t>ermiirieiit
| a box, six for J&00, by mall. Send for fruk circular and testimonials. permanent cure*
Address UAVOi iit.i>i.Cl>t. CO., 1170 Market street. San Francisco, Cal. Forsa'ebv
fcitOOXv*' I'HAtiMAC V, 11* i'oweli strew.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SOUTH BEX -PACIFIC CO3IPAWY.
' (PACIFIC SI'KTEM.)
train* li'jiie uuil nr« iliu- lo arrive at
MAN I'*ltAN<'l.S4'«»-
LEAVE — FBOM FKBBCA RY 15, 1897 — ABBIVK
•6:0« a Niles," San Jose aud Way Stations... S:43*i
7 :<*>o a Atlantic Express. Ogdeu aud I'.af.t.. 8:*».1»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Rumßey. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Redding via
Davis ; 6:43p
7:20 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatoga and Banta Rosa 6j15»
R:3Ua Niles, Sau Jose, Stocktou, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff 4:1.1p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7il3p
9:OOa New Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
Yosumite), Fresno, Bakerslield.
Sauta Barbara, I .us Angeles, Dem.
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:45p
0:OOa Martinez and Stockton .' 4:4!>p
!»:OOa Vallejo 6:13?
Niles, San J'*ze, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "O^lOp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and livermore 8:43 a
tl:Uep Port Costa and Way Stations *)7:43r
4: (Mlc Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa OilS a
4:00p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kuights Landing, MarysTille, Oro.
ville and Sacrameuto 11:13 a
4 1 30 p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer.
oed and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:43*
BrtJOr Los Angeles Express. Tracy.
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los -r.sa.
Augeh'S /.43A
3iO»p Sauta F« Route. Atlantio Express - .'
forM .sa ami East J '*$*.
6:OOp European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:43*
6:OOc llay^ntdrt, Niles and San Jose 7:43*
J7:ooi* Valkjo .*»7x43»
7:OOp Oregon Ezpr*MB,Sacrameuto. Marys*. • I T, -
ville. Redding, Portland, I'uget
Sound aud East 11:13*
«^I0:00p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los ,
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East <l«*43p
SANTA CKI'Z IHriNION (Narrow Gauge*.
■*:I3a Newark,CeiiterviUo,Sai> .loae.Felton, *
BoulderCreek.SantaCruzandWay."
Stations 3tßop
•»:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
' Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principe.! Way
Statious ; *1 1:20 a
4:13p Newark, Sun Jose and Los Oatos ... 9:30 a
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17:20p
COAST IU VISION (Third A. Towtiweml Sis.)
0:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOp
■:13a Sau Jose, Tres Finos, Sunta Cruz.
Pacitic ('rove. Paso RoUes, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Statious 7:O0p
IO:40a Sau Jose and Way SUtions 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
**2:*tOi' San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey and PaciQcGrore *1 0:40 a
*.*t::tOi> San Jose and Way Stations S:4sa
*4:3opSao lose and Way Statious *8:03 a
5:30p Sa- .f'.so and Principal Way Statious *8:45 a
6:36 San Jose aud Way Stations fi:33\
jil:4sp San Jose and Way Stations. ' i7:43p
SAX LKASUBO AM) HAYWfiIBS LOCAII
i*6:6oa ". "~7 7:13 a!
8:OOa \ 19:43 a
lO.'oOa j Melrose, Seminary Park, iijlru
'".-Sopi Fltclibnrg, San Leandro. *^Jg
3:0»r «* * 4:43 P
4:00p " ntt \ S:43p
5:OOp I H.yvr.rds. 6:1 3p
5:30p uajwaras. 7:43p
7:OOp I '.".".:' B:4^l'
8:OOp _• '-.„ 9:45 p
9:OOp I » Runs through to NHes. 10i30p
ttll:lsp,' < From Niles. [ t 2.-00 p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIN miKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)-.
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. y. -(1:03 »2:00 13:03
•i:00 15:00 *6:03e.a. •
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway .— "0:00 8.-00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *1:00 t2:CO *3:03 t».*o9
•5:00 p.m. ■ '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
VTueuiays and Saturdays. 8 Sundays and Thursdays.
Atlantic '^^^^%
r_a * ■£' fi£&&£mAwC
Trains ieave anj arrlya it^EJjra^KJ3!lS|M
MITA FEIXPRESS. lipi
Xo Chicago via A. & F.^^^^^uTCJ
Leaves da ly atS:jop. au. carrvln}» Fnilman Palaos
l)raw;ng-room and Modern Lpnolstered Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Ctuoaea
jta "*** City. Annex cars for Denver and a u
Bos Excursions, via Kansas City, Chlcaga
Montreal and the White Mountains leave very
1 1- esday. *
The best railway from California to the East'
New raits, new ties: nodusl: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Cbronicle Building. Telephone Main
1631. Oakland, 1118 UroaUway.
fflOlM TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect . with North PaoiO*
■Coast Railroad.
WKKK UAYb-i^-sre S. F. 9:1"5 A. If. l:4!-« p. •«.
Returning— A rive S. F. 3:25 p M. 6:*.'o P. M.
SUNDAYS— Leave H.F. Sa. M 11:30 a.m. l:3Jp.n.
Returning-^ Arrive S.F.I :IS p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:36 p.m.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
* THO-*. tOuK A -UN.-*, 621 Market su, 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount lute pals Sc« nio Ball way,
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,
--710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES -527 Montgomery street,
•orner Clay; open until 9:3o o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
FW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open un 9:30.
CHUKCH .NOTICES.
fflK*-3?> FIRST CHURCH OP CHRIST, SCIBN-
•S-^' tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
sat; Post St.. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons', subject, -Th.- Martyrdom of Stephen.'
Sundsy-school lor children al the same hour,
"science and Health" Study Thursday at 8 p.m.
in Mystic Hall, 320 Post st. All are welcome.
ff*t-S= ASSOCIATION HALI, MASON AND
mT£? Ellis sts.— Young Men's Christian Associa-
tion. Service this (Sunday) afternoon. 3 o'clock:
address by N. H. Jacks of Oakland ; subject*, * Does
It Pay to"Be a Chilv.lan?" .cv. Haskett Smith of
London will give the last illustrated lecture in the
course: subject, " Die Pyramid-builders," to-mor-
row (Monday) evening. This is his most Interest
in- lecture.
•-t-r^-p FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY
K-~<? si., near Jon--s — Rev. M. P. Boynton,
paster. Services Sunday, February 21. Preaching
by the pastor at 11 a. if.: subject, "The F'ag.e's
Win-s" Topic for the even ng, "Tne Mi,, of
the Philistines." a short pieiude upon the •Dark-
ened Star of our Nai ional Sky." Galilee Sunday-
school, 9 :30 a. v.. Pixley Hal .corner Polk st. and
Pacific aye.; Wa-hington-sqtiare Sunday-school,
9:30 a. m.. at 608 Union st.: nome Sunday-school,
12:30 M., at the church, 320 Eddy st. Be hesda
Sunday-school, 3 P. M., Howard st., bet. Eighth and
Ninth. Y. P. S. C FJ.. senior, intermediate and
junior. 6:30 P. M. Prayer and conference meeting
Wednesday, 7:45 P. K. Christian culture class
Friday. Br. m. Pastor's address, 431 Ellis st. : tele- ,
phone, east 954. io all the above services every-
body is welcome.
|trg= FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH;
\m^sy southeast . orner Post and Mason sis. — Rev.
G. C. Adams, D.D.. pastor, will preach morning
and evening. Morning service, 11 o'clock: theme,
"i he Land That God Has Bleat.' Evening serv-
ice, 7:30 r. m.; Heme, "Sharpening ih<- lounte-
nance." The pastor's Bible class in the auditorium
immediately after morning serv.ce. Sunday-
school at 12:45 P. V. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:30 I*. M.
Samuel D. Mayer, organist and musical director.
rf-S 3 THIRD CON i . EG A ALCH I" b .
Wt<sy Fifteenth st.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rr.der. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Key. A. s
Parsons will occupy tne pulpit. Services at 7:30
p.m. Tbe pastor will preach on --Internal
Arbitiatiou." Music by .he chorus choir, under
the direction of William C. Sladtield. All are cor-
dially lDvited.
»?■§=• CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
ti^sv corner of Geary and low ell sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill. D. D.. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. an 1
7:30 P. M. Evening topic, "A Noteworthy F"x-
ample of Christ's cleansing Pow«r." Morning
music: "Te Deum" In C (Dudley Ruck): cifferiory,
"The Lord Is Mv Light" (Marsh); sopra .0 501...
Mrs. Priest - Fine. Evening music: *'Jubiiate
Deo" iv E flat (Arthur Fi>o:e): < ffertory, solo and
quartet, 'Jesus, the Very Thought of Thee*'
(.-chuecker). The Rev. William Duncan, ihe
world-lamed Alaskan missionary, will speak in
the evening.
•gf*r3-= COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH. GOLDEN
aa^& Gate Hall, Sutter St. — Rev. Harold Bolce,
pastor. Announcement : To give members 01 the
new congregation opportunities to become ac-
quainted wih one another, a few informal recep-
tions at homes of friends ot the reform movement
will take the pla**e of public services until fur-
ther notice. Address communications 10 James
Nesbilt Hill, 625 suiters:.
BJ-rS-"* FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Or~s^ Twelfth St.. bei. Howard and Mission-
Frank S. Ford, pastor; Mrs. Ella Jacobs, musical
director. 9:bo a. m.. Sundav-*chool, s. siurges,
superintendent; Ha. M, sermon, "Forgiveness
and Love": 6:30 P. M., Y. P. .-. C. E. ; 7:45 P. M.,
sermon— subject, "The Only Holy A pus toll: i ntho-
lic Christian Church." seats free. All welcome.
JKS* FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
ts^sv (Swedenborgian), O'l arrell street, between
Webster and F'illmore — Rev. D. V. Lowen, pastor,
sermon at 11 a. m. on ibe subject of "Patience."
The last lectnre of the series will be delivered at
7:30 p. m.; subject. -The Book of Life." All are
cordial. y invited, seats iree. Free library. Sab-
h-schoo at lv a m.
W_*rS= TRINITY M. E. CHURCH, CORNER
as-*? Sixteenth and Market sis.— Key. t. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:80. Sunday-scnooi 12:20 p.m.; John
Dvar, suierlntendenu The pastor will preach
morn ng and evening. Mormni subject, -'The
Highest Type of Purity": evening, "The Hero ot
the Hatchet Story." All »re cordially Invited to
attend, seats free. Pastor's residence, 3631 six-
teenth s .
It*^s=-* SEVENTH- DAY ADVKNTIST
l*- Church, 914 Laguna 5... bet. McAllister and
Golden Gate aye —Elder E. E. Anuross, pastor:
residence, 409 Octavia st. Services: Sabbath (-at-
urday). 9:45 a. m., Sabbath-school: 11 o'clock,
preaching, Special services 7:30 each evening at
1380 Market st. Subject for Sunday night,
'•Christ and the Sabbath." "The Seal of God,"
"Nature and Perpetual Obligation of the Sa.-bath,
of the Law of God," and other kindred topics will
be considered through the week, 'the public cor-
dially invited to all these sermons. seats free.
§*t***s?= THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
af^sV or. Twentieth and Capp s'.s.— A. J. Wells,
pastor. Mr. Wells will speak at Ham. and
7:45 p. M. The subject of Oie evening lecture will
be: "in Memoriaui, or the Poet's Victory iiv r
Sorrow and Doubt. Sunday-school 9:45 a. M.
Patriotic service. All seats are free. The pastor
resilience is 924 Valencia si.
|tqS= GOSPEL. HALL. 832 HOWARD ST.,
**- 1 ' bet. Fourth and Fifth— Evangells:lc mcc -
ing this evening and every evening this week, ex-
cepting Saturday, conduct d by evangelists. Don-
ald Munro. Toronto, Canada, and W. J. McClnre,
from north of Ireland. All welcome. No collec-
tions.
fi-sp DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
iii-sv Home College. . 360 Seventeenth St., city,
2: 30 P. v.. and 511 Fourteenth St., Grier's Hail,
Oakland, 7:30 P. M. Discourse by M. E. Cramer,
subject. "The stumbling Stone."
■TyS** church of jesus christ of lat-
sards' terday Saints — ** Was Joseph Smith a
Prophet?" by Eider W. E. Stoker, Sunday, Feb-
ruary 21, at 7:40 P. M. : also Sunday-school, 10
a. m.; services 11 a m.. at Friendship Hall, 909
Marketst. All welcome. No collections.
\\tZS* SWEDEN BOKO MISSION SOCIETY.
ms-^ty Washington Hall, Red Men's building, 320
Post St.. opposite plaza— Rev. J. S. David, pastor
Service at 11 a. m. ; subject of sermon; "Hell.
Its Nature and Oct upaiious. Is '1 here a Perso. al
Devil?" Written questions answered. All are in-
vitee.
Gfr~S= SAN FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
l*-* ? Society— Free public lecture sunday even-
ing at 819 Market st., a. 8 o'clock. To-night, -Is
I. a Law," by Julius Oettl.
Pt^S**' THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
Us^sV Free public lecture every Mindm- at 8 P. M ,
Native suns' Had, 414 Mason st. To-night, "Fire.
Its Occult Property," by Miss M. a. Walsh. Good
music.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
JK3P DORK LODGE NO. 216, F. AND i~~
I*-* 7 A. M., 121 Eddy st. -officers md A
members are no Died io attend a special Ix jf
meeting on SUNDAY," February 21. at 9 r m ws
o'c.oek, for the purpose of conducting the funeral
.services of our dx-eas-d brother, LYON ZACHA-
JUAS. Master Masous are invited to attend. By
orderof the VV. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH,' Sec
fr-^T COSMOPOLITAN LODGE ~,,.-„..
**>sr No. 194, I. O. O. P.— You arc :^l^aX-
hereby notified lo assemble in Eureka -SSjOKS?
Hall on MONDAY. February 22, at <^.'iw^"
3:30 p. m, to attend the'funeral of our late
brother. CHARLJSa PAULSON'
A. J. CUKAKY, R. S. E. DRYSELIUS, N. G.
S^S» FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222. "Za-uii ,
»^ I. O. O. F., will vUli Bay City c^S^_
City Lodue in a body TUESDAY .■3§s'C&^3?
February 23, 1897, at 8 p. M ~^Wi7^-
,., „ i. H. VANDYBOGURT, N.G.
W. H. Stackpolk, sec
BfSg-*' A M EETING OF ST. P^TRICE'Sfc-iX^
mr~£r day convention of 18.7 will be V\w v U
held at K. R. L. Hall, Mason and O Far- st l
reil sts.. on sI'NDa Y. February 21. a: 2:3 c£v£»
P.M. All Irish-American, National, mill- i^S"
tary, benevolent, literary and social organizations
nre requested to send five del-gates each. Ex-offi-
cers of .ormer conventions, grand marshals, ora-
tors ah Ipi ets i- re entitled to seats in the conven-
tion. By order JOHN MULHERN, President.
J. J. Moran, secretary.
•fr~S^ A. O. H.. DIV SIGN NO. 7, B. ottx^e. ,
l *" x^ E.— A sneclal meeting -i'HJS DAY, v^ *
1- unday, February 21, at iheir ball, 121 QA-Jf
New Montgomery st., at 2 o'clock p m ;c£\v/J»
important busiuei-s. By order of «ME£
„' "'•"•'•' '■-':." M. G. SEARS, Pres.
John* Peni>krc*ast, Rec. Sec.
rj-*""s= THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
a\>a__* stockholders of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 406 California street San Francisco. on
WEDNESDAY, the 3d day of March, 1897. at the
hour of J 2 o'clock m., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and for the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
lug. A. D ALTON HARRISON. Secretary.
p-~^>THE REGULAR ANNUALMEETING OF
ts^XF the membersof the Bishop Armitage Church
Orphanage will be beid at the of the secret arv
630 California si., room 38, on rebruary 23. 1897,
at 12 it., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of irustees for the en-
suing year: also for the transaction of such other
business as may come before tbe meeting.
' L WADH AM. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■-qgp DR MTRTLETtJTTI-nrirAsTrEM^VED
to-** from 1362 a Market to 1316 Market, rm. 27.
K^» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
«* -°' rollections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room 6; tel. 6580.
ftr^» DR. BA/.tT REMOVED FROM PHE-
*****? Lan building to 908 Geary at. ; teL East 357.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY' OF" PROGRESSIVE SPLRITCAL-
Iata at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin si.. Sunday,
February 14, at 7:30 P. m Speakers. Mrs. R. S.
Lillie of Fosioii, Mass- subject: ">pirilua ism, the
Perishable and the Imperishable" Skeptics and
thinkers who know that the phenomena which
tbey see through mediums are facts In nature
should listen to the Inspired teach of Mrs Lil-
lie and so learn thai they are not. oniy real btu
natural. Music by Mr. and Mrs. Lillie. Admis-
sion 10 Cenls.
AT 997 MARKET ST.— FIRST PROGRES-
J\ sive spiritual church; 11 a. m.. lest dc op-
ing circle: 2 r. m . tests to al, Mrs. Dunham,
Winches er, Henderson. Mr. Hansen: Bp. M-,
terns, articles read: Mrs. Dunham, Barclay,
Louthan, Mr. i.uhrs, others.
VT DR RIN-KS' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, ALL
2Y te-ts, 909 Market St.; 11 a. m., Mr. Stitt: 2
and 8 P. m., iiaigrav-, Dunham, Sealey, Lad,
Finlcsn: ell tests. Doctor's office, 1236 Market
sL; 10 to 6 p. si. every day.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY', FRA-
t.rnal Hall. Washington |st — At 3 P. M., the
boy oraior will lecture on a subject which will
1 c first suggested to him at that lime. At 8 p m
Professor Loveiand wiil lee ure. subject: "Re-
view of President Jordan's Lecture." STS
TO-NIGHT — 909 market >t.-. KATIE
Heussinann reads and answers sealed ballots
Or letters written in any language; destoy or burn
them before coming to hall; 10c. Residence, 403
Hayes sl.; all welcome.
CV. MILLER HAS RETURNED FROM HIS
. American and European lour; will hold
seances as usual: oue to-night 8 o'clock; 50 cents.
545 Post st
TF;sT MEETING. 2 P. M., HJc. WASHINGTON
Hall, 35 Eddy st.: 8 p. m., 333 McAllister si. ;
Stitt. Clemens and others; skeptics invited.
•JO/ MCALLISTER— STRICTLY' TEST MEET -
•'— '» ing to-night; Mrs. C. J. Myers and. others;
sittings daily.
*\'o SUNDAY NIGHT MEETING TO-NIGHT
j-T at Professor Miugo's: required rest makes|it
necessary.
MME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
10c; 418 McAllister; investigators invited.
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, 1221/3 OAK ST.;
sittings daily ; circles Saturday evenings.
nl LARKIN — MEETING TO-NIGHT:
1 speaking tests. Mrs. Kate Hoskins, Mrs.
I). N. Place.
JC. HANSEN'S CIRCLE, 11 A. M.: MEETING
. 7:30 p. m. 107 Fifth St.; skeptics invited.
SEANCE TO-NIGHT; MRS. AITKEN; ALSO
Thurs. eve.: 25c: sittings daily. 320 McAllister.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLE
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thurs., 2 p. m.: readings $1.
DR. ADDIE SWAIN "AT HOME" CIRCLE
to-night: good music: 25c. 6! Fifth st.
SITUATION'S "IVANTKD-FEMALE.
"11 'A NTED— BY GIRL, SITUATION TO DO
ft second-work and sewing and assist with cook-
ing; good references Addre-s G. S., box 41, Call.
COMPETENT WOMAN, WITH REFER-
ences, wants work Oy the day ; $1 and carfare.
MRS. MACK, 423 Ninth Bb
\1 IDDLE-AGF.D WOMAN DESIRES SITU-
-'I ation to do cooking and housework; wages $6
to $8 per month. 829 a Howard st.
GOOD GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
for light housework; sleep home. Call at 122
Grove st.. bet. Van Neis aye. and Polk st.
R I FINED YOUNG WOMAN WOU I D LIKE
position at second-work and sewing: city only.
O. P., box 137, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
i»J tlon of some kind: wsit on Invalid, help in
bouse, sewing, willing to make herself useful. &
C, box 43, Call.
YOUNG LADY. HOLDING FIRST-GRADE
Normal certificate, desires position as gover-
ness, companion or nurse for grown children;
good references: willing to travel. Address S.,
box 114, Cal Office.
"WANTED — POSITION Bl COMPETENT
TT woman and girl of 10 years; any kind of
housecleaning ln exchange for rent. 400 a Oak st.
.4 MERICAN WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO Do
-.L light housekeeping or care of child. 1000
Wasniu ton st.
GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
VI work; wages $20 to $25. Call at 418 Twenty- j
ninth st.
1 MERICAN WOMAN. MIDDLE AGED,
XV wishes situation to assist housework at any of
ihe ho. so rings; reasonable. Address A. W., box
47, Call Office.
V EAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
II eral housework; $15 a month. 1908 Ellis st-,
near scott.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WOULD i.IKE EN-
x gagements; $10 per week; best of references.
Call or address 900 Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED MUSIC TEACHER WOULD
give two lessons per week in exchange for
either a small room or dinner each day. Address
Music box 145. Cail office.
"V EAT YOUNG GIRL. 16 YEARS OLD, CAN
It talk English and German, would like to work
in bakery and assist In hous work: wages $12 to
$15; seep home. Aodress 1910 i.arkin su, in the
rear.
Vl*" ANTED— POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS OR
TT housekeeper by a young lady. Apply 664 %
Howard st., room 44
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
ation as housekeeper, nurse, or take care of
Invalid; city or countr/. 343 Minna st.
■yOUNG SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WANTS
A work by the day. any kind of work; good thor-
ough housecleaner; first-class winner and ironer.
255 Perry st., rear.
AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
..Tl the day; good washer and Ironer and first-
class housecleauer; $1 day. Address Reliable,
box 46, call Office.
/'ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
"J chambermaid. Call or address E. T., 729 Cali-
fornia st.
/ * IRL WANT-- PLACE TO DO COOKiNG AND
s.J housework; $10 up. Call or address 11131/3
Howard st.
I ADY AND HER DAUGHTER WANT POSI-
I xJ iion as working housekeeper and assist or
chamberwork in hotel: understand all kinds of
domestic work: no objection to country. Call or
address 1 15 Russ st.
Vi OTHER AND SON DESIRE POSITION;
A' mother first-class cook; son, 27, w.ll assist:
hotel or boarding-house: city or couniry. 136
Fifth St., room 8.
YOUNG WIDOW WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeoeror for fami y. 1211% Aiisslon.
yul'-Vi Gli'.E WISHES WoRK BY THF;
A mouth at second work. 448'/ 2 Natoma sL
pKFINED LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
Xli managing housekeeper In widower's home;
excellent cook; first-class parties only need apply.
1148 butler st., room 35. nurd floor.
EXP RIENCED DRESSMAKER F'ROM~THE
J East wants work at ladies' homes- Address
Dressmaker, box 104, Call Office.
AMERICAN LADY AND DAUGHTER
want permanent home for services only. 547
Mission st. room -;->.
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
O 10 do light upstairs work and s wing. 16
Dale place, off Golden Gate aye., between Hyde
and Leavenworth sts.
Sri cation wanted by A SWF:DISII girl
to do general housework ; small family. 16 Dale
place, off G. G. aye., bet. Hyde and Leavenworth.
R table young lady wishes a
situation as cashier or saleslady; good refer-
ences given. Apply 221 F'illmore st.
PERMANENT POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper wanted by Eastern lady; lodgiug-bouse
or widower's home preferred. 995 Market, tojiu 3.
SITUATION BY COMPETENT YOUN'r:
O woman: chamberwork or homework In small
family: good reference. L., 1625 Church st.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO
" housework or chamberwork or fine washing.
Cull Moud y 1541 Mission st.
WANTED— BY ALADI , HOUbEWxRK IN
sma 1 family. AdJresi MRS. R, 1501 New
Broadway, Oakland.
\k. IDOW WISHES SF.WIN'O AND MENDING
tt at home or would go as housekeeper. Call
after 12 M. and evenings, »2l Mission si., room 6.
YOUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
A East, wants a pace as housekeeper in hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
2. 2.3 Post sl
W ANTED-A POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED
woman as cook in a tig-house or hotil;
first-class b..ker. 748 Howard si.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
to do honsework: kind to children- wages
moderate: city. 28 1 outh Park, oft Third.
STRONG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION FOR
general housework or work by the day; bes;
reference. Address 343 san Carlos aye.
YOUNG WOMAN-WOULD LIKE POSITION
as housekeeper. 144 Fifth si , room 6.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
JL traveling companion. Apply 121 Taylor, r. 3
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE
position as housekeeper. 38 Eddy, first floor.
OUNG WIDOW WANTS A PLACE as
x housekeeper; city or countr »-. 122 Post st.,
room 2.
YOUNG LADY DESiRr S **POSITiON AS
working housekeeper. 112 Taylor st- room 14.
YOCNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
k Billon as housekeeper. 38 Eddy st., room 1.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
SITUATION* WA>TKI)-Cr,ntlnn.rt.
yOl"N(i LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CTR-
-1 cumstames. desires a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 E.lis St., room 17. second floor; call after 12.
WAN I ED— A POSITION BY LADY WHO
** has been used tothe care of children and as
comp non: good housekeeper and musician:
speaks German and English. 136 sixth, room 14.
V"EAT, RELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
i-i situation to do second work. Please address
Miss LINDBERG, Golden Gate Postoffice (no
postal cards), Alameda County. '
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Cam. taken at braucu office, 339 Hayes a*.;
open until v-.'ij o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" Thk Call are taken at Branch 'Office, south-
west corner .-lxteenth and Mission s s.
719 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
* xO CALL: subscriptions an.i want ad* taken.
TiriNCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms '.5c io Sl 50 per ni«ht:
$1 50 to 96 per week; conveulent and respectable;
free bus and batgage to and from tte terry.
OW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Thj Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads tnken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER A* Co.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614i 3 Califor-
nia su, near Kearny, 'lei. main 231.
CHINESE and japanf:se EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 411 1-, O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE agency, R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 F;ddy st-: tel .* am 6234.
HINESE A J A PANFSE; EST'D 20 EARS;
help-.teLmaln 1997. BRADLEY A C 0..640. .640 Clay
SOBER. INDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED
German wishes situation as coachman and
gardener: generally useful about pace; refer-
ences. Address WIL ii EI. M, 297 Stevenson st.
BOY. 18, WANTS FINISHER'S POSITION IN
plumbing estnbli-bment: served iv x ears;
wants to serve his time Address 10481,2 F'ol-
som st.
BY YOUNG MAN, WORK, OF ANY KIND;
experienced in grocery and hardware store.
Address i.. E. box 165, Call Office.
S.TUATION WANTED BY A SWEDE, MAR-
-0 rled. in store or factory; handy w.th tools:
best of references; strictly sober. 613 McAllister.
ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN SITU-
" a;Ion as choreman on ranch or hoiel: have
worked on ranch. Please inquire 15 Van Ness eve,
Ttr ANTED— POSITION IN LAUNDRY BY A
" man of 14 ye.-rs' experience; thoroughly un-
derstands all macbit.ery, engine-) and boi. ers, soap
and starch making and all work around laundry.
Address W. P., box 106, Call Offlce.
ANTED— BY MIDDLI--AGED AMERICAN,
»» wnh references, s tuition on private place;
I horses, cow. garden; handy with tools; moderate
i wages. Address 2-4 seventh St.
riHINESK FIRSI-cLASS AND RELIABLE
V-' co ik desires a situation In family: wages *30
to $35 ocr mouth. Address 615-617 Dupont st.
JAPANESE YOUNG BoY WANTS POSITION
to do general work. KATANOZAKA, care
of Japanese Mission, 1329 Pi.c st.
| TNTELLIQENT BOY. 14 YEARS OF AGE,
I wishes a position; good home and small wages.
call or address GEORGE CUBI IT, 817 Jessie St.,
off Nin.h.
HANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
junlior or would work In shop or factory:
sneaks good English. F. M., 10 Central place, off
Pine st.; with best recommendation.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG Busi-
ness man: good bookkeeper salesman, a 0 :
will give $400 clear city lot for confidential in-
formation to obtain position. Address C. M., box
3, Call Office, Oakland.
MAN AND WIFE (AMERICAN) WISH
work on fruit ranch: both re.iuble: willing to
work for low wanes it" permanent. Address M. W.,
box 104, Call Office.
PARTIES HAYING gardens TO fix IP
or wood to cut can get same done reasonable by
addressing X. Z., box 111. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED I.V YOUNG DANE
O to take care bones and garden work; can
milk cows; first-class references. Address N. W.,
box 47, Cal. Office.
GENTLEMAN \V ITH LARGE EXPERIENCE
in the coal trade, also in shipping business,
wants a post.lii salary or com ml &s on: good
salesman. Address W , box 150, Call Office.
1 PATTERN MARRIED MAN WISHES WoRK
J of airy kind; handy with tools; is a good leam-
slei. Address I. J. X., 1204 Pacific st.
\TOUNG MAN. 21, WISHES A POSITION OF"
x some kind; cliy or couutry; understands elec-
trical work. Address C. E. D., box 130. Call.
WEDE WANIS SITUATION AS COACH-
man, city or country; understands care of tar-
den, cows, etc.: best references. Address S. W.,
box 28. Call Office.
GARDENER, FT EST CLASS, WITH THE
best of references. wishes position; understands
carpel bedding, greenhouses, propagating; can
milk and lake care of i on. try. Address Gardener,
box 69, Call office.
O'JIl HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
UUsJ the Call; aubscriptions and want ads
taken.
- 07 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
sJL. I open unti* 9:30 oclock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
Young MAN wants situation as
-L yardman for hotel or private boarding-house:
furnish references from last employer and others-
Address JOHN A. MacLONALD, 156 Third st.
\ir ANTED— POSITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
»' barkeeper; good references. Address It. P.,
box 43. Cali Office.
4 MARKET ST. BRANCH OFFICE Or" THE
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF CALL. 167 NINTH
su — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
■j Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»' Market; 200 rooms; 25c to fl 50 per night;
Cl 60 to tv per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
TIT ANTED— GIRL FOR BAKER*,
" $20; German or Swedish Inuudress, #30: 8
cooks, German siyle. $3.( and $25: French mc-
ond and seamstress. $20: 20 girls for housework
and assist; chambermaid, hotel, $7 a week. LEON
A -DRE, 315 Stocktons*.
PRIVATE FAMILY, COOK. CITY. $30;
waitress, near city, $16; Ironer, near city, $25
' and found; 2 wa tresses, restaurant, elf*, $15; 4
housework. $20: 8 girls to assist In housework,
$10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
TVTEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. >MALL
X* family, Napa County, $15. fare paid: ait-
ress**, city and couutrv hotels, $15 and $20, etc.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay sL
El. Man OB SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN,
plain cooking and housework. Call BARNES,
First aye. south.
WANTED— A SILKKR ON GLOVES. COS-
" mopolltan Hotel, room 32.
"WANT D— ELDERLY LADY FOR SMALL
II family : »5 a mouth and good home. Call 2to
5 o'clock 2215 Polk st.
BE YOUR OWN 'DRESSMAKER AND MlL-
liner; ••live ana let live" is our motto; we have
the larcest and best-conducted dressmaking and
millinery school in San Frundsco; special induce-
ments 10 all beginners Gils week. Now Is the lime
to enter th- McDowell Dress-cutting and Millinery
School. 636 Muriel St., opp. Palace Hotel.
LADY PRINTER WANTED FoR THROW-
Iug In job type; salary $5 per week, send In
your name and address to Type, box 4, Call Office.
yOUXG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE
A work; references requlrea. ISIS Geary st.
WANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
TT school: course practical and thorough; classes
now terming for spring wor-: satisfaction guar
anteed: evening classes. 22' 2 Geary or 410
Leavenworth.
YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL TO AS>fsT IN
X housework between 10 and 12 a m. 416 Golden
Gate aye.
PROTESTANT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work; $10. 174 Lexington aye. . near 19ihst.
FINETAILOREss WANTED TO WORK ON
coais. 834 Broadway, Oakland.
*LMNE TAILORESS WANTED TO WORK ON
-F coats. 835 Broadway, Oakland.
VOI'SG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: fami yof 3. 1698 Page st.
Vl' ANTED— A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
•' work: country: $10 montb; steady home.
239 Post St., room 12.
WANTED— GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK
" and plain cooking; wages $12 to $15. Apply
II Scott.
APPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 2160
Harrison St., near Nineteenth.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
neI overshirts and underwear. i.EVI
STRAUSS * CO.. 32% Eremo.,t st.
I EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY:
-i $1 per week; unlimited lessons: paileriM
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st , near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 bJ per night; $1 50 lo $6
per week; tree 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
HELP IVAXTED-Cnntlnn.*.
TIT ANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
" barber irade; shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call l;, 8i /a Eighth sL, S. F. Barber College.
Cl C LARKIN-BRANCH " OFFICE OF THE
'XXU Call: subscriptions nnd wan: ads. taken.
L'LYNN's DRESSMAKING AND CUTTTNu
X Academy. 14 McAllister su: $1 a week.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place lor patterns: every one
. uaranteed 10 be perfec . "1231 Market su
m NINTH ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
sJ Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP "WANTED.
U>OREM A FOR GRAIN RANCH: THAT
X can run harvester; single man ab ut 35 years
of age; 9,0 and found: primers and fanners, cooks,
wait rs and dishwashers. MURRAY* READY",
Leading Employment Agents, 6*24-636 Clay sL
}?nebgetic. capable business man
■ix wither without ex* erlence can obtain liberal
contract with weekly guarantee to solicit life in-
surance for Mutual lies, rye F'uud Life Association
of New York, ihe largest and stronge-t natural
premium 1 fe aisoci-uion in the world; insurance in
tone over *325 ( 00,000. A pp.'y between i} and 10
daily to MAURICE ZUCK r. I .manager for the
Pacific Coas , 8 Chronicle building.
STEADY. INTELLIGENT MAN WHO CAN
adjust himself to circumstances: work not la-
borious; hours may i.elo.g: wages not to exceed
$15 per month and mea s; stale where and at
what las; employed: s br:e:y and close attention
to his business a requisite: mi's*, speak and write
Eng ish fluently. Address Steady, box 81, Call.
AGENTS: MALE OR FEMALE; CITY OR
country: $3 per day ea«y: samples by mail
12c. s. M. ACO , 810 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
V% r ANTED— MAN FOR COUNTRY PLACE;
»« teneral farming, poultry and orchard work;
reference; wages 510. R. P.. box 77, Call offlce.
ANTED- A**GOOD PLAN'ING-MILL BENCH
»» hard (any natlonalltv) to do a long job of
piece work. Address P. M . box 48, Call Office
"WANTED— GOOD ACTIVE BOYTOLEARN
" the carpenter work in a pianing-mlll: good
opportunity 10 a bright boy. Address P. M., box
48. Call Office.
"11" ANTED— COBBLER WITH SOME TOOLS
»» to work in » hoestore. Call at once, 324 Court-
and aye., at the .Mission. ,
ANTED— EXPERIENCED STREET MAN
" or fakir; wiil stake the right man. P. C,
box 1. Call Office.
l*y ANrKt> EXPERIENCED SOAPMAKER:
" state salary expected and references. P. 0..
box 1, Call Office.
11TANTED-3 RELIABLE MEN. APPLY 611
" .Montgomery st., Monday, bet. 9 and 1 2.
SHOEMAKER, SINGLE AND STEADY
habits, for repairing. A 1 2201 Bush st.
WANTED— NEAT HOTEL l LELK AND
s 1 bar-tender Sunday. Call to-day, Burcb, 539
California st.
Y\f ANTED— STENOGRAPHER TO TAKE
" speech Monday n ght. Apply Paper Covered
800 store, 12.13 Marketst.
"WANTED— AN INLUrVI'RIOUS MAN AS
'» partner with $125 capital in produce, fresh,
salt and smoked meat business; cash trade; old
stand: must take charge of receipts and books
and work in store, present owner attending lo
111*1-1 ;e custom: will guraniee $60, board and
lodging monthly by doing our own work. App.y
and investigate at plait, 617 Twe.fth st., East
Oakland station.
TIT A CANVASSERS IN THE CITY
it and State to sell lots in the city ol Stockton;
ii era; commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, this office.
MEN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOR US DAY
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; w«, pay
salary; inclose stamp for particulars. S andard
Mfg. Co . 142 West Tweniy-ihird St., New York.
BRIGHT MAN TO SELL PATENTED NOV-
eliy: experience: references. S., box 116, Ca11.
GLASSBEVELER WANTED— MUST BE
ill-arouud man. state wagei expected. Los
Ange.es Art Glass Co., 625 South Broadway, Los
Angeles, i a .
SHOEMAKERS WANTED ON MEN'S SHOEs".
20. a F*ilth st.
TIT ANTED— 6 >BEX INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
" a->si.«t in l^ht indoor business: must be satis-
fied with $18 per week and have $160 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market st., room 7.
"WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
*» position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
O-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD PAYING
0 stand; 4 tine living-rooms; ■ no reasonable offer
refused. Call Immediately 408**,-" sixth su
BARBER-.— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
JJ P. C Barbers' Assn. *. FUCHS, 325 ('rant ava.
JOURNEYMEN P.AK<-ER»' EMPLOYMENT
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh sU
BARBER WASHSTANDS. 1.2 AND .1 BOWL&
cheaj). H. HUFsCHMILT. 623 Golden Gale ay
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
LTRST- CLASS MECHANICAL DENTIST
l wanted; none out a skilled workman need an
ply. Apply at the National Dental Company, room
412, Parrott building.
YY* ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
'» school supplies. Whitaher-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
1 ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT r-HOES
1. bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes. stock; work guaranteed; all kinds
of repairing. 74J Mission, near Grand opera-bouse.
W *" rED — AN IDEA*. WHO CAN THINK
»i of some simple thing to patent? i rotect your
ide-s: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN *& CO.. Dept L, Patent Atfr-
neys. Washington, D. <.'.. for their $18*90 prize
offer and new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
EL* HO UOU'sr, 863 Vi MARKE I' ROOM -J
20c, 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 week.
OXOc- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
—«1 — want ads taken for THF: CALL.
BF"-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 ANO
1> 25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Paciric House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sis.
IT /•'NINTH Si. —BRANCH OFFICK OF
; 111) Thk call; subscription and waut ads.
taken.
|y RUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 six ST.: OPEN
' ' aii night; rooms 2?c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Mauager.
KOOMS i6c To 75c PAR N mill; 60c To 41 li-J
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
SINGLE FURNISH ED ROOMS: ANIGHT;
0 75c week. Liridei: Home, Sixth and Howard.
YY ANTED.Tu COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' »rr-&clerkr KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
RECRUITS WANTED FOP: THK U. 8. MA*
rin-j Corps. U. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the United S.ates, or those
who have legally declared ihelr intention to he-
come such: must be of good character an. 1 habits
and able lo speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In heiehu For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su. San Francisco. Cal.
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call, are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
'PRY ACME HOUSE 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, ior a room: isf« night: $1 a week.
jllfl MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
X\J\J and 20c a nlgnu including coffoo and 10U4.
124 Washington su. near Kearn..
Or; *■)_: MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— «J— U 'Ihk Call; subscriptions ana waut ads
taken.
YY' ANTr.D-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" 10 know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su : 15 J
large rooms; 25c per night: $1 10 #3 per week.
R OSEDALE. 321 FILLLS ST.-SIN 'LE FUR-
nlshed rooms. *-'0c 10 26c nigh*. $1 to $1 50 wk.
"L"" SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N lv (.ET 801
-i. tie beer or wine 6c : Dest free Icnch. 643 Clay
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NX
" Market: 201) rooms, 253 a night: reading-
room; tree bus aud ckage 10 and Irom the lerry.
an single ROOMS, A DAY; »i
.«» week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
'reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
" shoes tip to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wall: laoies' soling, 35c; mail
follng. 60c; fine shoes made to order from Wi up:
we have a lot of sbo»« been damaged by water, si
less than one- fourth' their value, from 25c up vi
$*-' uQ. ...Si Mission 5 ... bet. First a., and seconds*.
AGENTS MASTED.
AGENTS— HUSILERS MAKE $5 DAILY
-£A selling the on }* revolving griddie-cake turner;
sample 20c. O. E. MICKEL. so c manufacturer,
Haverh.lt Mass.
AGEN :S WANTED— STORY OF CUBA, IN-
c 11 1 in death of Maceo. bt Murat ilalstead;
n-en coining money; complete on fit 25c. Na-
tional Pub Co., Lakeside buildlug, Chicago.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Ix Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
1 erson, manager subscription department, THE
Wlj IT ARE It ct. HAY COMPANY, 7*.'3 Market St.
HOARDING WANTED.
GENTLEMAN AND DAUGHTER WANT »
• upper unfurnished housekeeping rooms in
modern house. P. 0., box 127, Call Office.
ROOMS "WANTED.
QOR 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, CEN-
U i rally located; slate terms and particulars. D.
E., box 13 », Call office.
BRILLIANT VOCALIST AND PIANTs'IK,
exceptional teaching abl Itles, desires board
an.! room in exchange tor tuition: references ex-
changed. Address B. V., box 140, Cal! Office.
AVANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
Offtcf: SAPS, -mall OR medium size;
name measurements and price. Apply CalL
<*>«. ! (l BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
"tjp - " securing josltion for young lady in s-ore
or offlce Address W. W., box 51, Call Office. ,
U' ANTED TO RENT— BY RESPONSIB. E
" parties, furnished hotel. Address Z. , box 14.
Call office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBF'R, SASHE*
doors, mantels etc, for sale. 1168 Mission su
Sell your BOOKS, CLOTHING ANO jew-
elry to A KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
c. £ 5
THE REALIZATIONS
OF THE DREAMS OF AGES.
THE FUTURE UNVEILED
FOR THOSE WHO CARE TO SEE.
The Parl-ian prophetess has arrived and is now
in .he city: thai great exponent of the occult art.
that renowned and famous medium— Miss Van de
Vere— whose clairvoyant vision penetrates all the
subtle mysteries of Life and Death, from which
the common mind is veiled.
Query: Why is lt that so many oersons— men
and women glfied in many ways— struggle, on
from day to day, urued on by love or bate, or am
bitlon, yet n-ver succeed, although their exertions
are almost superhuman and their fortitude is
more th*«n sublime as they drag their weary limbs
through years of trial, while their poor, tired eves
gaze yearning y for that Mecca of Hapi mess tbey
have never found.
But there is hope for all the unsuccessful ones.
Consult Miss Van de Vere and she will tell you
what he trouble is and how to r-medy it. No
matter whether you are rich or poor, hign or low,
she desires to hod out the hand of friends lp and
good cheer to all who are martyrs upon the rack of
fate.
Miss Van de Vere sends greeting to the people
of San Francisco and vicinity and Invites all those
who are unfortunate or in troub c to come to her
and have the cloud removed. Advice given on
business Investments, speculation, love, courtship,
marriage and divorce; in fact, upon every matter
thai would concern your future success. All com-
munications i-acredly confidential. Letters con-
taining stamps answered.
PARLOiv 1, 1 FIFTH ST., COR MARKET.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, tuture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by svmpatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91 : letter $2. 929 Post su. nr Larkln
lITONDERS WORTHY OF' A WIZvRDESS
'» daily performed by Mine. Le Norman; con-
sult her on love affairs, domestic troubles and
business ventures: secure an lmalllbe Egyptian
charm; most complete life charts lv the un.vrse,
only $2 60: learn thy destiny: private readings
25c: evil influences remov-d: write your troubles-
Office. 1 Polk St.. near Market.
MRS L EHRHON, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
daily; circle Monday and Thursday evenings
8 o'clock: 25c up. 1.147 Mission st.
\1 ME. RAVF'NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
lA business advice; names given; 25c up. Fuurth
"It ME. MOREAU, BESI CLAIRVOYANT AND
111 medium In city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND BEST ME-
dium; 25c; one price. 41 Minna, nr. Second.
MME. WALTERS OFTEIIAMA*. CARDS; LA-
dies 25c, gents 60c 951 Mission, nr. Sixth
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER. REMOVED
li to 38 Eddy st., first floor, room 1, from 106
Fourth su
■ __
GIPSY liff:- READER REMOVED TO 3 !
Seventh st . nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c
ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-HEADER;
li past, present and future; 26c 148 6th. r. 5.
M .-. LEONA RETURNED: CARDriEADER;
magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post St.. room 2.
SPIRITUALISM.
A ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
IIX urn: life readings, love aff.lrs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations a specially. 838 Mission
Edna Wallace, -the original" me-
dium and magnetic healer. btS5' 3 Market St.,
room 10.
MRS. H. A. ORIFFIN-CIR SUN. EVE.; 25c:
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs dally. 426Vfe Grove
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
-*«"»-. writer. 118 Haleht su; hours 9 until lip.it
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; sittings.B TO B, $1;
circles Tues . Frl.. 2p. m.. 26c 233 Valencia.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium A life reader. 218 Stockton
* LL HAIL HER MARVELOUS PREDIC
'V. tions; only medium euaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fitzslmmons prize-fight:
named 3 winning numbers In the last lottery i
drawing: can give you a sure thing at the race- j
track; ladles, consult her on domestic aud love I
affa r*c; removes evil influences and possesses only
•Napoeon" tall man. MISS VAN DE VERE,
Parisian uriphetess parlor 1. 1 Fifth su
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grid. 11 vjmotlc Mesmeric Ins. 6 O'Farrell
HORSES.
_A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
TV buggies, carls, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN A DO* LE. Auctioneers.
nINE-BRED HORSE FOR SALE; GENTLE;
x 4 years old: for want of use. 1924 Filbert sL
r/Y HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES; j
OV weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard St.
ALL KINDS OF' TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCF.'S livery sta. le. 38 12th st
rf\ HEAD OF' HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
«JUbusluess 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turu-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of lame young mules.
r\(\n SET NEW AND SECOND-HANIi HAR-
OKJsJ ness: all kinds: buggy.wagon. carts, surrar
rt rock a war; 40 cheap horses. 15t*i anl Valci- i
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TE», CCF'FEE AND SF'CE WAGON: ALSO
new and second-hand wagons. 1340 Turk sL
yoR SALE— FIRST-CLASS WAGON, SUIT-
r able for grocer or plumber; Cheap. 436 Hayes.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER LAUN- j
x* dry and milk-wagon; also fine top buggy and i
rockaway. 828 Harrison su
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
THOROUGHBRED HATCHING EGGS;
Brahma, Cochins, Plymouth Rock, Minorca*,
Wyandotte. Houdan, Spanish. Hamburg, t-1 per
13; Leghorns. 75c; Golden and W. C. Back Ro-
lands, 92; fowl for sale. 1013 McAllister st.
3 -BURNER "DANGLER" GAS STOVE, WITH
oven; complete: nearly new; cheap. 415 Eddy.
1,-RESH COW: MILKS 18 QUARTS RICH
A milk; geutle; for family. ,1312 Folsom st.
I TOR SALE CHEAP; NGINE AND BOILER.
For particulars apply California Fuse Works,
.20 California st.
GENUINE ENGLISH PUGS, DOGS; CHEAP.
r Adaress L., box 164, call Office.
COMPLETE CHEST OF CARPI- NTER'S
too s very cheap. Ca'l 109 Valencia sL
FRESH COW: MILKS FROM 11 TO 18
quarts rich milk; gentle: for^family. 1312
F'olsom st. v."."
THOROUGHBRED FOX-TERRIER PUPS.
310 Goldeu Gate aye.
, ARS. BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW- j
• • cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture, j
tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second band. J. NI.ONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission a:-, above Sixth.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-band; tools supp ied, etc 766 Bryant
TOURNITURE 8-RO'>M MODERN FLAT: ALL
A new. Call Ito 4, 833 Pine su
N'F.W ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
Al W. S. KAY MFG. CO, 12 California su
BOILERS.ENG IN ES.-'D- II AND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mcintosh A Wolpman. 137 Reals,
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR*, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
OFFEE MILL SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
stand desK. money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
 ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTER**, SHKLV-
»' log, etc., (ought ana sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
PHYSICIANS.
TtR- CL C O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
XJ 2864 26th sL ; diseases ol women aspeclalty.
'PERSONALS. . '•':.; :,;*(/i7 l
WIDOWER. 35 YEARS OF AGE, MEDIUM
height, has a nice home. Income and means,
wishes to c irrespopd with healthy, good-looklu.
Pr. testant lady In abou. the same position: object
matrimony. Address T. 11., box 1-6. Cell Office.
"YOUNG AMERICAN WIDOW DESIRES
X position as housekeeper: elderly gentleman or
widower. Address K. P... box 18, Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED GENTLEMAN OF SOME
means, best of habits, desiies acquaintance of
lad--- loassis her in business: ohjec matrimony;
peaking preferred; refere ices exchanged.
Address letters with par.iculars, P. S., box 93, tail.
F". M._ WRITE SO AS I CAN UNDER-
. stand you, or come up. DORA.
rPfIE BECKET OF HORSERACINO-KELA-
-1 Hon of certain uatur 1 laws not understood:
necessary Information given to first applicant only
for a certain sum*, genuine. Box 11, Call Office,
Oakland.
SUFFERER
Your rheumatism will be cured If you will only
go at ouce 10 the right plate; there Is but the one
place in the city where you can be quickly ured-
Go to DR. -"ELECTRO-MAGNETIC
BATHS. SAN ITA i lUM, 1533 Buchanan st.
A RE YOU GETTING HA LD? IS YOUR HAIR
.-^ fulling out? Consult EDITH E. McLEAN,
phvsi-ian for the hair; b- sl references and testi-
monials. Rooms 7i4-715 pr-ckels building, 927
Market St.; separate par.ors for ladies.
MM . J. PHILLIP-!. HUMAN HAIR MEK-
chan ; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 222 Or arrell sU, nr. Mason.
FURNISHED ROOMS; REASONA E- MRS.
1 L DEAN, 908 Howard St.. near Fifth.
A BOUT YOUR BUST, LADIES'.
■A The Vio-Datur is guaranteed to develop any
part of the body to which it Is applied wi. bin 30
days; the Vio-Datur is a home treatment which
75 out of every 100 ladies need, and it belongs to
the c ass of worthy preparations which accom-
plish 111, ik it: c-t- nt results in the way of .u-velopin/
the bust and civing ba k to women ..he beauty and
charm of youth: the Vio-Datur is indorsed by
United Siates Health Reports. New York, nee 1,
1896. pa?e 7. Address THE VIO-OATUR, 1181-
-1183 Broadway, New York City.
DANCING-BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
PAG CARPETS WO V E TOO RJDER FOR 8 A LB !
At also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portier-*s: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth >U. Oakland. Cal.
yOUXG LADY', 24 YEARS OF" AGE, BLONDE
A having alien heir to *30,000 worth or prop-
erty, de-ires 10 meet gentlemun, under 40, toman-
age same: ultimate object, matrimony: Inclose
stamp for reply. MISS FAIR, box 163, Call.
LADIES YOUR RUST XVI, VRGED 6 IN'C HE
failure Impossible; results guaranteed; 1000
testimonials: boon full particulars scaled 4c. Aurum
Medicine Ca, DepU c.. L.. 55 statu St.. ( hlcago
11. ILL AUGUST LINO CALL AT 3 MIDWAY
II si., off Francisco, or send ad. U. FRIEND.
Miss OLLIE LAKE. CARD reader AND
magnetisU Rooms 3 and A 309 Suiter. s*jgj
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A .-TEC-
tally: private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. -. private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-.aw. 850 Market, cor.Stocktn
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
sonable: 10 years' experience: hr*. 10 to 12 tt.,
2to -, 7 to 8 P. m. O.K. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, r. 6.
HHUPSCHMIDT, SANITARY' PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623GoldenGate ay. Tel., Sutter 471.
SSTROZYNSKI. 24|GEARY ST., EXPFJRT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
Cs VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF" SOMETHING
J. to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY
C. BABIN, 4i3 Kearny st.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
ria^e; terms of payment ob lzuig; legal every-
where. Address lock-box F,, 906 .Market su, S. F.
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING:
lowest estimates; best work guarante d; wall pa-
per rolL EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) lias opened a stylish halrd resii tig parlor:
laiest effects ;price 25c 1241/2 O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
I AAA CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
lUUU Tel. Rlack 141. HILL. 22^ Geary su
.ffij 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINET'o Al' VWi.-
■tJpJL SON'S Gallery, 1028 Markeu
sijrj MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
mat vi Tint Call.* waut ada and subscriptions
taken.
PARTINGTON'S (SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine au: Illustrations :umisbed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRDRESSING. 25c: $25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff I cannot cure.
MRS HUBBARD. 1104 Market su, room 28.
pUPTURE AND PILES CUBED: NO PAY
It until cored: send for book. DRS. Ma.\'»
FIFILD A FORTEHFIELD. »38 Market sU
M AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the kinetoscope til ma; price $250.
BACIGALUPL 946 Market si.
V*'' ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL. PAPER HANG-
" Ing. painting. eic, by contract or day's work, at,
your own pnee. N.E. MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster su
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON J-HoW EVE-
ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. consult OWL a DV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHT'S IN EVERY; ROOJI;
li Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
100 rooms, 25c to (1 50 per night: $1 50 to (6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to aud from the ferry.
CLOAKS, P'UHS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome su
» W'EeiKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL. In wraoner. tor mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
■©fi^fl LODOING-HOUBE, NEAR MARKET;
■iJIUUU. 23 well-furnished rooms; rent low:
always full: best class of roomers. A. S. LESS,
1042 Market si.
Oft ROOM HOUSE ON MARKETST $1400
D\f 22- room house, only $ 400
65 rooms, cor... 8,1001 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 20 j[ 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
(JjOXfiA FIRST-CLASS LODGING-
(JIiiiUU. 44 rooms; a neat, clean and paying
house we 1 located; n-a<on for selling fully ex-
plain. d. Apply immediately ALDEN -GARFIELD
Co.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
or RMS; ELEGANT: N. market $2000
—s) 30 rooms; north; great b .renin *»50
16 rooms; een rai; goo 1 furniture $325
UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market st.
Ol i-RUOM BOARDING-HOUSE, FULL OF'
-A' boarders; part in pay me -ts: will exchange
for room ng-honse. H. C. DECKER 1020 Market.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS-
must close out slock in 30 days: brussels car-
pet, 42L 2 c yard; floor oilcloth. 18c:-mat ing 7c
yard; beu room sets, 3 pieces. 49 L 0; 4-ro -m fur-
niture outfit, $65. siiIREK A SHIREK 747
Market st . opp. Grant aye. -
A MONEY-RAISING >ALE-30 DAYS ONLY
xx. Bedroom sets, 3 pieces... . sa -,g
Solid oak dining chairs t 7 ' sc
4- room furniture outfit * " "" 567 50
Brussels carpet, laid...' Vjf„ ..„-i
SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market" st.',' opposite
Grant aye. r
<B>lZ_ ? ROOMS; COMPLETE FOR BOUSE-
<g iU - keeping; rent $13 162 San Carlos aye.
■C-OR SALE-2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
ST Call morning. 1406 Hyde
A 1^ 1 * J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
xx. lowest prices on household goods: new or good
M new: eas or on lime: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Tji URNITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN*
A ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Markeu
IF YOU WANT UuOD prices for furni-
■a ture and merchanalse see BURD, 211 Larkln
H L; ¥ K ,? i'HICE IHAN ANYWHERE PAID
J-l 'iv Indians Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jonei
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CIEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
V^ new J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
C ll , V STEAM CARPET CLEANING WoRK-l
V cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H STEVEN*
atj-T. 38 and 40 Eighth su; telephone South 250.
WHEN YoU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama sU; lei. So. 40.
CARPFIT-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
v^ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratto -, st.
ADVANCE laKPET-CIEANIaU CO 40*'
-fA Gutter; teL Main 394. GEO. W'ALCOM. prop!
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg alt«p-
. ation works. 408 McAllister. TeL J.-ssie 321.
CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKF
new. 113 Tenth; tel. south 3& Mackintosh A Co
J .£,?, -"- '- Ll **- •-•AKi'KT.ILEAMNiI CO
sj . 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mia 7t.
C o ~£h l X -"* CARPET- BEATING WORK-,
V oiS Golden Gate ,-ye. Telephone East 126.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
EST GEL* TINE PAPER IN MARKET. IS
xj -Defender"; price low; try It. Sole Coast
Agency, California Camera Company, 22 Geary su
BUSINESS CHANCES.
i"T^n "sALOON WITH 11 ROOMS. FURNI.
«Jp**i» U. niiiire included; neat locatio-i north of
Market; present owner In same place 15 years;
present owner has ano: her business in the country.
A. S. LESs-, 1032 Market su
<2!7flA GROCERY AND BAR NORTH Op
<3p I \'\J. Market: 4llvinc-rooms: rent only »25;
present owner there 8 years; bi bar trade; oth.-r
business causes sa.e. A. S. LESS, 1032 Market.
C*f}U w A CORNER WHOLESALE AND RE-
tsZ'-u'J. tali wine and liquor business; old-es-
tablished place; doing fine business: cheap rent:
owner-, attention required in other manufacturing
business: must sell. A. S. LF'.SS, 1032 Market st.
*slftnfl BRANCH BAKERY. -STATIONERY
tJJUUU. an d school supplies; good location:
I. vine-rooms, furniture Included: near a school-
good, steady business. A. S. A.ESS, 1032 Market.
dj.ork/\ CORNER SALOON, WITH 5 LIVING.
■iipOUU. rooms, building included; no op og|.
Hoc: cheap ground rent: long lease; worth $1500
10 any one: owner must have the city; most be
sold at once. A. ■*-. LESS, 1032 Market st.
Qj/fHA SALOON, N. OF MARKET: 4 FINE
tJp'iUU. furnished rooms; kitchen; -torerooms-
line stcck: best location; cheap rent; greatest bar-
guln ever offered: ow er l.as o.her large interests.
A. S. LFISS. 1032 Market sU
ffl.Q'fl OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE; BEST
sT'uOV'. location north of Market: receipts
$750 to $1000 per mouth; wor.h $600. a. -,
Li-->B. 10. 2 MarKet st.
cu-nfl SALOON IN THE HUSIEST
iJp*iJUU. ing district in the State. A. s. LESS
1032 Market a:.
-m-iorirt corner road HOUSE with
■tip 1 Z,\l\J . rooms, gardens, she s, etc.; es' R b-
lisbed 25 years and is one 01 the best know pl a H <
of this nd here; biars investigation. A. 5. Lk*-s
10:.2 Market St.
ffi"-J^.A CANDY STORE AND FACTORY^
t^uOsJ. the best location in the City; rin c j Cf^
cream p.-rlor: elegant fixtures, A. S. LESS, 1032
Market st.
BAKERY AND DELICACY ST ORErsiyTrT
fixtures and business: $125. Pi-ILRRICk'
2548 F'olsom st. • *•.
©/IAAA LEADING JEWELRY- STOrF
>~*il'"l'. established 4 years: bes opei in
California: city of 5000; for cash only. Parti, i
lars iox 176, Petaluma.
RAND CHANCE FOR ST- STA UR 4NT
man— First-class oyster and chop bouse for
sale: woith $800: will sell for $300: owner leav-
ing tho city: call and see i.. 216 sixth st.
$100 °J J ?" c , ', : . TABL I SH -;,, BSA LO< >N,
«iP I sJyJe with 5 living-rooms. lnqu're 911 Fol-
som st. *
pANDY, ICECREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
YV pltes for sac: near school: i sunny living-
rooms and batb; reasonable. Apply Call Ofliee."
mj7C BRANCH BAKE RY. CANDY, BTA-
KV * O. tionery: reason for selling leaving city
217 Eighth st. • fc >-
COMPLETE SHOE FACTORY; Mis; BE
sold at once at afacritice. Apply 1308 Marvel.
t A OK SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE-
r store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front su
"I ADY OR GENTLEMAN T ■• INVEST $300:
J J 1.1 realize $100 a week to start: tan makA
$3800 in the next ten weeks. Address M. box
112, Call Office.
"VEWLY FURNISHED DINING-ROOM: 40
X* steady buarde s: 50-room house: big transient
trade; central location. Apply Call office.
TO. LET— BUTCHER-SHOP IN DESIRABLE
locality: fixtures complete. 813 Greenwich st.
pIGAR-STORE, CuUß'tO'M. 2 LIVING-
"J rooms, furniture and fixtures complete: sacri-
ficed on accoun. of sickness: $150. 312 Third st.
ftre BUYS HALF INTEREST IN ESTAB-
Iip ' d lished business paying $65 to each party;
lady preferred. Address W. C.. box 75, Call Office
TT ANDBOME THEATER. ~
Have exclusive control; want partner. Call
Mouday evening after 7, 1-06 Market, suite 63.
ANTED-! O RENT OR EXCHANGE
property for paper route P. O. box 204,
Oakland.
PARTNER IN GOOD- PAYING ESTAB-
Pshed business; value in sight; rare chance;
$410. N., box 99, Call Office.
FOR SALE -AN ELEGANT TWO-CHaIR
barber-shop; near Market; a real bargain; only
$75; good reason for selling. 12 Ha/essL
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD A
HATIE, 515 Marketst.
RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SALOON *, OPP.
depot: $1.'5. DECKER 1020 Market st.
COFFEE SALOON AND CHOPHOUSE*
/ nicely fitted up. 134 Powell st. ...
WASTED-MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL
»I to take half interest in a new and valuable In^ A
yen. i.vi relating to bicylts; It ought to be used by Jf
every bicycle-rider; It costs but little to manufac- W
ture; properly handled it ought to make a for- 7
tune. For further information apply to Boone' a
Patent Agency. 214 Pine sL, San Francisco, Cal.
TIT-ANTED— MAN WITH SOME MONEY TO
j IT take half Interest in a patented new Invention
i thai will pay bi. profits. Address J. X., box 10,
: Call Office, Oakland.
GOOD PLACER CLAIM, OR WILL WORK
same on shares: givo iocat on and full par-
ticulars. Address M. Z., box 131, Call.
(2jl AO AND SERVICES FOR A GOOD BU^-
1 "" " cess opportunity; bookkeeper. Address
M.. box 1 32, Call.
FOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
y will sell cheap on account of sickness. Apply
1044 Pacific st.
IfcnOO WELL-PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP
e^s)\J\J. on Market sU Inquire GEORGE, 633
I California st.
RANCH BAKERY, GROCERIES, NOTIONS 7
and caudy-store: good location. Apply this
office.
CIGAR-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
Market su; cheap. Inquire Call Ofliee.
PARTNER WANTED TO JOIN ME IN PUR.
chase of a splendid business, in the line of
which I've had long experience, and know the
opening In question to be exceptionally good: re-
quires only $750 for half interest, of which $350
may be pal 1 from the business if so desired, which
with proper attention hou d easily clear $3UOO to
$50JO a year; present owner has nia..e a fortune
in last few years but must hereafter devote undi- '
vided attention to other 111. crests: duties would b»
principally office work: this proposition is posi-
tively all right aud I mean business, so none but
principals, naming time and ulace for persona! in-
terview, need apply. Address OPPO .TUNE, box
64, Call Office, city.
■aj»97^ WILL BUY A FINE I F'ST.I ANT:
'JT— * O. cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $15
a day; will bear investigation to this effecu ii
sixth, room 18.
LEA UN PARTICULARS OF PARTNERSHIP
opening iv thoroughly established and ver-.-
extensive business: actually north ten times the
$400 required. Particulars of N. D. SICKfcLS,
620 Market su
GOOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
manufacturing ness: entirely new. Ad-
dress Business, box 57, Call Office.
TV" ANT D— TO INVEST IN A SMALL vt F-
» 1 fee-bouse north of Market aud west of Kearmi.
R. P., box i:-5. Call Office. X
L"«iR BALK— BRANCH BAKERY 'AND \AV_W.
X dry office: account of sickness. 137 LarkiEi-jjr.
L"'IRST-CLASS SALOON. CHEAP: SALE AC-
y count of sickuess. l all 119 Olive aye.
|7*OR SALE— GROCERY AND~ BAR; NO OP-
y position. Inquire at Call office.
A"-- UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
A partner; smalt capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
ft *> 7 SALOON ON BUSY STREET NORTH
■»JT— iv of Market; cheap rent and insurance,
lease, etc. ; no agents- inquire Call ofiice.
ORNER GROCJ-.RY' AND BAR FOR SALE;
\J good location; will sell caeap; going out of
business on account of illness Apply this office.
FIRST MORTGAGE. $1200, PER CENT.
on first-class property, for *-a atadlsrount;
mortgage due. Address H. Cll , 320 Minna sU
"L"OK wale— dining-room: ESTABLISHED
J trade of 25 b.iarders; centra location: rant
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Office.
A LOON F R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
and sleep room attached. For particulars
Inquiry at saloon 915 Mark-isu
RARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH.. AD-
dress G. G., 2460 Folsom sU
o**E ■ FTH*. BEST .MILK BOOTES IN ALA-
meda county for sale; run by present owner
tor 12 years; sickness cause of sel.ing. Address
A. T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitchburg.
PROSPEROUS BEPURLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address -> box 61, this office.
*y^t*?(< MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS ANU
Z.OZ.XJ want ads taken ior THK Call.
lATEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN'
■J ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye. 7 1
CI T ROUTE. FOR SALE. APPLY THY'
Offlce. -I
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LI V I N&
pictures. Animatoscope, 933 51rkU, 7th floor.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
Xi close to tan Francisco. For particulars apply
tbis office.
OOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE. OF thk
sjsJU Call; subscriptions and wan: ads taiten-
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to an .* address in tra
I nlted States or 1 Canada one year for $1 50, {/**>
age free.CITY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN A 10.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st., near Market.
. BARGAINS— JUST RECEIVED.
J FY ORDER OF HON. All >l PH SUTRO,
J4 il' X AXE SELLING LOTS IN BLOCK 721 ON
. I " the new ocean boulevard In subdivisions: cor-
• ners 37:6x120: Inside lots 25x120: tbey are sell-
* ing Quite rai idly: terms exceedingly easy; V* '
. -cash, balance In 4 years at 7 per cent; this prop-
erty is the cream of the ocean frontage on the new '
i-reat highway which bai just been completed;
' third block touth of 00 den Gate Park.
A large LOT AT A BARGAIN.
Gs(Wl()n AItMYST, NIL MISSION, 152:2 x i
tS \l\l\J\J. 116; a good lot lor cottages or flats: '
this Is a bargain.
. BARGAIN IN" FOUR FLATS.
' "?iQOOO "OLDEN GATE AYE.: 4 NEW !
• i/UOU. bay-window flats of 6 and 5 rooms I
and bath each; rent $1020 per annum: lot 50x '
300; Oils is * pi.-Ki p. -
A GOOD BUSINE-S CORNER
•^'--inOO CORNER on 24TH ST.; STORE
s±,UU\J\J. livin-.--roi> and Hat; large gore '
• - lot : rent $312 i>er annum.
KKSIDKN, 1.; VERY CHEAP.
ftO*>nfi * NUI - -STORY BAY-WINDOW ,
_. ■ —s-'sJ. house of 7 rooms and bath: brick i
foundation, etc.; 25x1.0: nice locality; Mission
warm ball ; ibis is a snap.
. CHEAP LOT ON MARKET STREET.
. " -Ct'-^OO SMALL BUT LARGE ENOUGH
C' )l " ,u - forßtorenndflat;ls:loVfexliO:tlieie
 * are a greet many bouses in the city bu It 0:1 small- ;
* -erlot.s.
" . WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
' 'st'-JQIIO BAY-WISDOM COTTAGE OF 6;
tJPOOi'U. rooms tin! ball a!l modern improve- I
 ' ments, brick foundation, etc : 25.xsT:*J. ;
A. VERY CHt AP Lor.
"•' ***187:8— pA *-* E STREET.
another'cheap COTTAGE.
Sixjoi BAKER street, COZY BAY"-
'JtJvl'. window cottage of 6 rooms ana oath,
lirick foundation, stone walks; street accepted;
. 25:6x102:6.
, STOCK lON .-TREET.
<&*Tvl e\f\ 2-sTORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
■ \ O>'l«JU. and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
near Bush street.
• MUST BE SOLD ON ACCOUNT OF FORE-]
." > CLOSURE
■ffl-'Ann A NICE BAY-WINDOW RES!-
-'••iS*tJUUU. dence of 6 rooms ami bath, etc.; Pine
St., near Devisadero; offer wanted.
. 'ROWel: -Sl KET PROPERTY".
ffl.r.j-n 3-STORY HOUSE AND LOT;
. «C"O_OU. rent 581.
PARK COTTAGE.
C" >_ NICE EASTLAKE COTTAGE OF
■ •-.ilUl'. 6 rooms and bath; brick inundation:
stone walks: on the Panhandle: 25x112:6.
'.•■ * A. HEAP LOT ON FOL OM STREET.
A ilnitO 37:6x80: ON THE LINE OF THE
■am 1 i"'U. electric cars: all street work done;
T level on* (rade; reaiy to build on.
• COZY" Mis- ion COTTAGE.
D.).)'|l|| HALF BLOCK FROM 3 CAR
t7-i)Ul'. lines: nearly new bav-wlndow cot-
• inceof 6 rooms and bath; laundry; brick founda- I
lion: 25x100.
MUST RE SOLD TO CLOSE AN EST AT ".
w« 'J Villi RENT $360 PER ANNUM: STEIN-
sXtIsJi UU. er st. ; 2 flats. 5 mid 6 rooms and
• bath; 27:6x110; no reasonable offer refused.
. NICE HOME ON FILLMORE *-T.
QiIOOO COZY MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
<4p*iUUv/. roomsand bath ;' bay-windows, etc.:
brick foundation: lot 30x87:6.
Cal and obtain one of our "Real Ksta: e Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for sale I
In ail parts of the ci v.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery St.
• CMOOO FOR p ALE OR EXCHANGE.
♦y'ic'Ul/. New cottage ou 23d aye„ East Oak-
, land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement: brick
toundaiiou; bay windows; lot 62x160.
G. H. UMBSEN" A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon khkik.
OF. YON RHEIN * CO.. REAL ESTATK
. Agents. Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California streeu
$20,000— second and Minna; 44x77:6 with an L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear bouse: rents $117 60.
. $15,000— wayes, n-ar t il.more; 35x137:6; 3 line
data, each 8 rooms and bath; rents $105.
$14,000— Castro and 19th; 30x85; druggist and
hardware stores; 2 flats above; rents $100.
$10,000— Corner Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2-
. story house: butcher-shoo and flats: rent- «65 50.
$POuu— Halght, near fcteiner: 25x112:6; 2 flats
13 rooms and baths; rents $57 50.
: $7600— capp. near 15th: 35x75; 4 new flats; 18
, roams and 4 baths; rents $69.
(7200— Hayes, near Stelner; 25x82:6; 2 new
flats; rents &52 50.
■-oak, near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
r.oms and 9 baths: rents $50.
$15500— Green su, nr. Montgomery are. ; 22:11 x
68:9; 3 -window flats; 17 rooms and baths;
reins $57 50.
$6000— Union, near Dupont; 23x68:9; 2-story
. . house; 8 tenements; rents $52
55500 -Oreen, near Powell; 37:6x90; 2 3-story
booses: 15 rooms and bath: rent $16.
$4000— Washington, near Powell; 20x57:6: 3-
story residence; 10 rooms and 2 baths: 2 flats: j
rtnt $40.
- $4500— Julian aye., beu 14th and 16th; 39:10 x j
* 91: 4 flais: rents $42.
$4500— 215U near Guerrero; 25x114: 2 flats:
rents $39.
$4000— Kearny, near Green: 20x80 to Sonora: 4 1
flats, li rooms, with stable: rents $39.
$3600— Leavenworth St.. near Vallejo: 20x68:6;
,' -. .3 flats; 11 rooms and baths: rents $33.
> $3500— Tehama st , near 4th; 25x80: front and
rear houses; 6 flats: ren: $53.
$3300— Union st.. near Mason: 2 flats: rents $40. !
•. • — tanysn, near Orattnn: 80 feet by Irreg-
.* ular -depth; partially occupied by house; 5 rooms :
and "bath: rent $16.
$2900— Jersey, near Diamond; 25x114: 2-story j
1) use; 2 flats; 9 rooms and bath; rents $25.
12750— 24ih, near Diamond; 25x114; new cot-
-7 t a: e: 5 rooms and bath.
$2500— Erie su, near Mission; 2-story house- 7
roomsand bath: 26x85; rent $18.
$2500— Valley su, near church; 27x114:6; 2
flats; rents $16 50.
"s2ooo— Bay, near Kearny; 22:11x68:9: 2 flats.
9 rooms, rents $19.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-su railroad station: 61x
117:6 to an alley.
. Corner N and Bth aye.. South S F. ; 100x10 J.
Fair Oaks and 25th: 30x100.
30x70; Jessie st., between 13th and 14th.
25x 65; Stevenson, near 14th: 4 lots
25x95; 4 lots; 26th and York.
$7500— McAllister, near F.llmore; 40x137:8.
- : SOx ISO; 5 lots; Preciia end California aVes.;
'near Folsom st. '
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67: make offer
; $2250— Union, near Stelner; 28:4x100.
$2000— Hancock St.. near Sanchez; 50x114
$1200— Cor. B and 25th aye.; 60x188.
7- » few bargains. — —
" QftT^O VALENCIA, NEAR 22D; BEST
s^pUIUXJ. part; fiats and cottage: all in finest '
■ condition; good IOU
HILL NEAR GUERRERO: 7 ROOMS, BATH !
servants' rooms; patent beater; 25x90; offer |
wanted.
• * Q^OOO ONLY FOR A BUSINESS CORNER
*Tpei\j\j\j on Folsom st.; store and flat of 5 ;
. rooms and bath: 25x70.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS: MARINE VIEW; BU-
chanan st, near Green; elegant bay-window j
modern home; sacrifice; owner leaving town;
offer wanted.
I ARGE PIECE ON PACIFIC, NR. TAY"LOR • !
Ax in lots to suit: tills should be looked at.
Ci 1 000 COTTAGE AND LOT; 80x95; 22D
*4px\J\J\J. St., near Harrison
< I OAfl NE. COR. KOE AND DUNCAN;
V A.OUU. 55x114: given away at this price.
9*»'l A OOf) DRUMM ST., NR MARKET.
':• ■illßfj MISSISSIPPI, NEAR ELECTRIC;
* ' -" *jp XxOVJ. cars and Union Ironworks; finest I
. view; gool building lot; 30x1000.
• J. W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery sU
It' W. HAWKINS,
-*xje Dealer In real estate,
Mortgage loans and insurance,
11 Montgomery street,
Lick Hone Block.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 8 PER CENT ON CITY" I
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
CHEAP.
a? or; nflO pays 10 per CENT net-,
*jpsi.U.\J\J\J. fine imirovements: splendid 10-
--i-tttion ; no belter Investment In this city.
* QOOOO £. -* LOTS, NORTH line
eTp\J\J\j\j Ellis St., between Franklin and Gough-
aire 27:6x137:6. * *
Cj')(lAA CORNER LOT; 15TH ST., BE- j
'Z'Z.'.'sJK'. tween Mission and Valencia: flne
, business location; size 26x95.
Q?*.000 BRYANT ST.; street AC-
VOOUO. cepted; pays over 15 per cent: good
. . building; always reuted: size 2- xPO,
QjOOO HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW COT-
-7 tUI'U. tage; north line of Bush sL, near
laker; 6 rooms ana bath; flue basement; large
garden; size 25x137:6. __
'" Q^^OO ASHBURY HEIGHTS, CORNER
• ')U\f\J. Frederick and Clayton sts. : beautiful
. View; care now pass the property: streei work
d o:,e; size 53:1 i/%x157:6.
s;''U|A PAYS $384 YEARLY': ALWAYS
'. I \J\J . r«-nied; nearly new; perfect order;
* tenants; no Letter small investment. •
V |XA PARK LOTS; SECOND TIER;
'. I«JU. south of park, near boulevard; size I
.-'5x120.
.^ft^fS PRETTY BAY-WINDOW COT- :
«" - *O\J, tage; 6 rooms and bath; nr. Market *
and errero sts.; mortgage $1500 can remain; I
..-• " ' '-- ''0; size 25x76.
. J^Pply '.o E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
99* nO (OST $3500: ANOTHER SOFT
¥ — — sJ'J. snap for bargain-seekers: $1000 can
■ nain on mortgage at 6T 2 per cent per annum:
i-.i-Kai.t 1-story frame: 6 rooms and baih: high un-
■; unisned basement: cement bulkhead; iron fe«a*e;
Cement sidewalk; street work done; lot 28xA 6,
r.."7*. ?* -. 1 7 UjaD<l 18th sis, W. from Diamond.
CHAb. C. FI--HKK. 607 California
4-ROOM COTTAGE: NEW; SCNNY: $1150:
* ?Jf r 5 S .° c »»''-*l2 per mouth. THE McC A
TH *> COMPANY, 646 Market st.
r* ROOM »; BATH; NEW; 35 JOOBT AYE.;
I Snnnyside Tract; peeltto-day; easy erms: we
* -have others. THE McCarthy CO.. 646 Market
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON" A RURKE, KEAI. F.STAT".
li- Agents: established 1858; 626 Markei si.
SEAWALL: 10 VARA LOT; BEST WARE-
O house site in city ; cor. Lombard and Baiter.-;
only $55,000.
BARGAIN-MUST SELL TO CLOSE ESTATE:
l>.".th, near F'olsom 100x75; covered with
houses; on.y value of lot asked.
KEARNY" -ST. CORNER, NF.AR MARKET;
old improvements; renting for $400 per
month: price $85,000.
x ! ONTGOMERY: BLOCK NEAR CALIPOR-
i i'l na- sior.-s and offices naying over 9 per cent
I on $100,000; lot 95:6x68:9.
a*»"l ' <f,i\ WEBSTER,'; NEAR o'FAil-
-3p 1 ,)yUU. reil: modern improvements In
flats; well rented; 10t6Ux137:6; half cash ;
! C-Onfin FILLMORE. NR. MCALLISTER;
•J* rUU'.'. elegant flats, renting for s6s; 10i25v
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY": N LINE HAVES
st., near Franklin; lo: 25x120 to rear sireet;
store, flat and rear bouse: offered cheap.
C: OOf tO I>Ar NI ■'■ARRRonERirKMIESI-
> l'"oO. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
87:6.
CInOOO '' A(;l ' . NEAR EDDY; TWO
tjp*JU\J\'i ala . rents $36: modern in every
respect and always reined.
ft lnOfl - '•'••A'>' : ,orT ST., NIL GOLDEN
...-Dim. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$"!*-<l*n * ALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE NIL
<p«H CM '. 3d aye. : 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
idly Improving neighborhood.
•ft^nOfi »*OW>«T ST.. NR. Lombard:
*•' *' KjyjKJ ' contains 8 rooms ami bath; lot 33:9 x
68:9.
9 FLATS AND LOT; 9TH AYE., NR. CALI-
-— fornia st.; rented and paying large Income;
Iot2„xl20: price $3000.
4 FLATS; DE LONG AYE., OVERLOOKING
x Golden Gate Park; reins $46; price ouly $4000.
59700 HARRISON, NIL 121 II; STORE
— I \J\J. and flat; rents $2.); lot 25x80.
•^9^oo COLLING WOOD. NEAR 20TH:
JU —•>sjy>. 27:6x100; contains 5 rooms and
bath; large basement.
S9£oo ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
<P— KJWJXJ. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
©OOflO 27TH ST., NR DOLORES; 4
«£? — u\J\J. rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and locust; 37:6x107:7.
?S6OO-Page sl, near Baker: 75x137:6.
$V6OO-Pine *t.. cor. Lvon; 31:3x80.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:8.
$1800— Sanchez st . nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1100— 2d aye., nr. Point Lobos: 25x130.
$1000— A St., near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye., near California si.- 25x120.
$100 I— Willard St.. I ear Eddy: 26x100.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x11A
S7oo— I'oyce sL, nr. Point Lobos; 25x120.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st-
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO,
638 MARKET ST.
638 MAPKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
%;('l r.(| FREDERICK, NEAR ASHBURY;
<„ sJxOsJ. 2 handsome lints of 6 and brooms
and bath; lot 25x116:6.
<2»QE.00 pine, NEAR OCTAVIA: fine
*]pujU\J\j, hous- of 11 rooms and bath; sunny
side; lot 30x137:6.
•$O7 -nO BELVEDERE, NEAR FHEDER-
rjpxj 1 OXJ. ick; new modern flats of 6 and 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x121:10.
QOf-.00 ASHBURY, NR. FELL; MODERN
tITUOUU. bouse of 7 rooms and bath; base- I
ment: lot 2bx103.
Q/1900 NEAR GEAKY AND TAYLOR; 4
tjT^t^UU. tenements: rents $40.
G?99?:A DOUGLASS. NIL 24TH: COTTAGE
%p_«i.«JU. of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
©Q9PIA SHIPLEY', NIL 5TII: STORE AND
O" — OxJ . 2 rooms and 2 flats of 6 rooms each;
lot 25x75.
Q4^oo CASTRO, NR. 24TH: HANDSOME
*jp^O\J\J. house of 8 rooms; bath and base-
ment.
CSQnnn CLARA, NR 6TH: 4 TENK-
s^U\}\J\J. ments; lot 25x80.
©J inn NEAR VALENCIA AND 16TH;
*Xry±\J*J. good house of 9 rooms and bath:
large lot, 36x120: mortgage of $3300.
-2^ooo RIDLEY', NR. MARKET— 2 MOD-
•JIIUW. em flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bsth.
1 "iOO 15TH. NR. MARKET: PAIR OF
•7 i*Jul\J. good flats of 6 and brooms and la ir
lot 26x115.
ffljl 900 COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
«£> -1 ~VJ'J. bath; half a block from electric cars'
Mission and 30ih st. Homestead; terms to suit
purchasers.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
•R4OOO 6Vx^^_ EAR DF.VISADEHO;
C ? CHURCH AND ARMY:
• x .
Q3900 SANCHEZ, NR. 280; 65x117:6 to
«Jp«J^iUU. rear street.
<29KAO 24TH ST, NEAR FOLSOM;
Zu\J\J. 37:6x100.
<£9zloo * LOTS NR. SANCHEZ AND 23D;
o*-"iUU. 101:10x114.
$2300. FOLSOM ST., NEAR 14TH;
ss>C.U\J\). 26x122:6.
©99-rn ASHBURY ST., near FELL;
f^ZiZUXJ. 25x106.
% i )ol^i ° A . -' NEAR DEVISADERO; 50
stl 89 ?\ GOLDEN OATE AYE.. NEAR
0x.0Z.0. Baker: 25x137:6.
51750 19TH « NEAR CHURCH; 50x114.
QiIXQQ 18TH, NEAR DOUGLASS; 60x121.
•51000 EACH -BAN JOSE AYE. NEAR
QCQQ DUNCAN, NEAR DOUGLASS; 50:11
KA3TON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
ASTON, ELDRIUGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
.638 MARKET ST.
j . ' 638 MARKET ST.
|>OVEE, TOY A BONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses rented, rents collected and full charge
taken of proper.
30 510NTOOMORY .ST.
.S4fioo NW * COR * "ASTRO AND *16TH
ii.l-XSI\J\J. sts * ; » Ize <fl:Sx 120; line view; snnny
! corner. '
i iRfST^n 1^? rON BBODIBICK ST., NEAR
1 2£Mi! • ™««;M»1W:8! tills is a line lot
I and cheap.
$6000 M; ON BUCHANAN ST., NEAR |
it^iVi- -V « " 1, ? rr «": '«t 25x180. through to
Hollis st.; flne neighborhood; a choice nt,
i $1? 000 EH Er BUSINESS LOT. SOx
S_t*!S^ 87:8 ; An FM y •*■• *"-*' i^rkin;
j mnst be sold: a bargain.
I $1100 5H l ' '''l'*' 2Bx "W- INCLUDING
if.greal ! targ"™" 5 ,5 ' 0r »«»«««««: this
$18 000 FINE W)T AXI) IMPROVE-
(JPIU.UVO, n, ,n ' M * * ontlio N - side of Broadway-,
near Fillmore; lot* 34 : 4y a xl37-6; fine view and
£« h 000 ne,gbbor, "* <^ P'«« reduced 6 from
•^1 750 LOT ON VALLEJO BT..
®1 t*J\ll near Devisadero: will be -old at the
above low figure to make immediate sac.
•IkP'tO EACH - 2 I.OIs ON CALIFORNIA
C"<J'' St., uear 10th av-.; » tasx- t rmrv s
Of lots .sxloo each. * * trn>s ' SIJ - e
For further list apply to
ROY TOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery street
zzz ___^
DUCAr«,
O. • REAL ESTATE OWNER.
11 MONTGOMERY ST
lam going out of the real estate business and
have a few pieces of property left which I will
sell at any reasonable figure and upon any terms
9125-1 o. on P,eru»l Heights, about one block
from the cars: lav 1
•7&o— Cbpmry st., 60 f?et from Randall.
*450— Lot on Cr. scent aye., rear Mis-don road-
street graded and macadamize 1; lot level »n.i
worth $750. Q
.*250 each— Two lots on Andover st., near the
schoo house.
.*4.*,0 'Twelve lots on the San Bruno road
south of Rlckett p.; block li. Ha ty purchase '
9350 each— Eight lots on Potreio" aye., In block
B. Hale.- purchase.
<650 for live io:s, mc ndlng a corn on Bth aye
and li st. eOI.UI -an l-raiK-isco; no be: r place in
thechr for a chicken ranch.
*lcO each— Six lots In the Excelsior Homestead
clos* to the schooihoiiße; these tots are Worth
9300 each: they are level and ready 10 build on.
$1000 for block 4, Abbey Homestead, consisting
of thirty-six lota "
s. LUCAS, II Montgomery st.
$3800. TWO I'I'ATS: TiIEMONT AYE.
nenr Wa ler.
13000— Cottace; 6 rooms; Hancock, near Noc*
easy terms, If desired.
$4000— Cor. 8;h aye. anil Ist.: 100x120.
1 900— Cho cc corner on Ciement sl.
Houses built in any part of the ctty and sold on
easy terms. ENGLIbH A MORKISSEY, 628
Market SL - . -' , ; • -;-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
. ■ -. .»-. - -, i
CITY REAL ESTATE,
BALDWIN" A HOWELL.
xx Successors to Baldwin A Hammond, j
<Jjj9]nn COTTAGE; 5 rooms AND BATn:
titna hot nnd cold water, etc.: lot 26x
ia7:e: on Golden Gate aye., near First aye.: must
be sold.
•iQQn/T RENT $*-8: SECOND ST.. NEAR
sffULJKJKJ. Bryant; 2 flais of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath.
"^47^o WOO CASH,' BALANCE SAME AS
«S x i u\J. rent; a great bargain: fine new 2-
story houtc ot 8 rooms bath, etc.; Church st„ '
.cr Nineteenth; lot 26x100.
<fc ] '-JOO COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
«jt" i.i\j\'. bath; on Arkansas st, near Twen-
tieth; 10123X1UU; near Union Iron Works.
3-STORY BUILDING CONTAIN-
«i, .» V \J\J. *** X 2 stores and 2 flats above of 6
and 6ro mis each: Paclflc st., near Leavenworth:
rents $i' 4: lot 38x77.
<3|*/(:(]|'| TWENTY-NINTH ST., NEAR
<J: — x»> XI, Sanchez: store and 3 rooms In rear
» id 6 rooms above; also rtlr house ot 3 rooms: I
also stable; lo; 50x .14
SC'IOO LYON ST., NEAR* GROVE; 2
Ui.\'U\J\J. new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and both;
rentfSO; lot 25x1 M.
£91 00 R F.NT $20: SHIPLEY ST.. NEAR
7 — X\J\J. seventh; •_ flats of 4 rooms each;
high basement.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
*%! O 000 TWENTY - FOURTH -street
•luT-i U.\J\J\J. corner; 75x101). Improvements.
2-s.ory frame containing 4 stores and 3 flats of 4
rooms each; rents 1102 50: always rented.
NO REASONABLE "1 TEH -.FUSED.
S& "I % ) (Uli\ MAKE AN OFFER; MIST BE
•IPlfljVW, sod: fine larrfelot. 52x137:6; on
Devlsadero st. : not far from Oak: 2-story r.-si -
dence of ]v rooms, etc.; In good repair; coming
business property. ■- '
MUST BE SOLD.
•34 7^o RENT .*576 l'B« ANNUM: B-
sjpx I u\J. story budding; ail rented logocd ten-
ants; no lien: lac flc-st. corner, near Taylor.
9m(\7*\C\ 'Wo FLATS li 6 AND 7 ROOMS
*jp\J *«- M . and bath each; lot 27:6x127:8; rent
905; Sacramento at,
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
<\i\ 'SOO MAKE AN OFFER: RENT
•JJIJ.II.UUU. $11-2 60; Eddy-st. corner, near
Buchanan: lot 38x90; 3 two-story houses lv splen-
did condition.
Send for printed list.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HEAP LOTS IN ALL ,
SECTIONS OF THE CITY.
CALL AT OUR OFFI' E FOR A COMPLETE
PRINTED LIST.
53100— Golden Gate aye. nr. Devlsadero St.; !
key lot; su:i all day; 25x100.
$.'2OO "ach— McAllister st., bet. Baker and i
Lyon; 2 lots, each 25x1 37:8.
$67 5 -C.st owner *900; J st., bet. Bth and 9th
ayes.; now tO Allilia.ed Collegia; nice level lot.
$140J — Foreclosure sale; McAllister St., nr.
i nt'-. -6xlii7:6.
$1060— #50 cash, $10 monthly; 2d axe., bet
California and Clement sts.; 26x120: nice neigh-
borhood; street work done.
$1000 each— Bargain; Ist aye., bet. California
and Ciement sis ; 26x120 each.
$700 eath— 96o caan, balance UlO monthly; llth
and 12lh ayes., bet. Call. ornia and Lake sts.; tyily
7 lots left; 43 ;o;s sold In les-i than 6 months.
$375 each — 25th aye.. bet. Point Lobos aye.
and Clement St.; large lots, 25x130; terms -
sso cash, balance $10 monthly ; these lots are sell-
ing la-t: isutro electric mrs pass the property.
$10b0 each— California si., bet. 4iii anJ 6th
ayes.; flnelevtrl lots; only $50 cash, balauce $10 j
monthly.
- $140o— Sacramento st., near Laurel; very cheap; i
25x102:7. j
89 Jl— McAllister st.. bet. Willaid and First ,
aye.; 25x137:6; one block from park.
$14'j0— Cheap Lot on Ridley st. ; 25x114.
"$2750— Probate sale; cor. Hayes aid i lavton '
Sis.; 25xl00;3; lot a jjinlng on Cla«**toii."2sx
106:1: price $1900.
$650 each— Douglass St., bet. 20th and 21st; 3 ;
lots, -ach 26x130.
$1050 ea-.li— 24th St., b't. Diamond and Lou-,-
lass: 2 lots. 25x114 each; Mlssion-st. elccirlc-c*rs \
on 241h st.
$4500— A good speculation; 24 lots on the ocean |
btach; 49ih aye., 1 block from the park, and very i
cheap and terms can be urra.iged.
*2400— Fell st.. bet. Ilroderi k and Baker; 25x ;
13/ :6: street accepted; side sewer laid
Baldwin A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CIIOICE WESTERN ADDITION
\J LOTS fl3oo
OCR OWN TERMS.
Beyond question the cheapest lota everything '
considered, are those offered on Frederick, Cole,
brader, stanyan and Ben. ah sts.: have you seen ■
them? If i, tv go a-, once: take Haighi or Ellis st. !
cars; il.e.e lots are selling like hotcal*es; 15 j
bouses are now in co :rse of construction: all lots
laige and level: Street work done; don't buy a lot !
anywhere until you have seen these: you will
surely agree with us when «c »ay that they are by
on.; ...Ids .he b st lots lor the money In San Finn '
cisco; choice residence aid business lots going j
fir 20 to 25 per cut of their Vane; don't miss
the opportunity and promptly.
" BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at
_______________ „
SUNDAY OR MONDAY.
RAIN OR SHINE. I
Be sure and go to the Castro-st. addition. Take i
the Guerrero-st. electric-cars (Mission or Valencia |
transfer nt 14th si.), ride lo SOth and transfer, ■
then ride 3 or 4 minutes to the corner of Castro i
and Chenery sis. see the est lots for sale at
«350 TO $400.
STREET WORK DONE.
$5 MONTHLY" PAYMENTS.
PERFECT TITLE.
Many homes are being erected. Your chance to
buy a home lot cheap. Agent will be on the
ground Sunday and Monday of thu week.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montmery st.
—____-_ " "
I\ * A Krl UP!
II THE TIME IS SHORT.
Only a few more of these $450 lots left; to see
them Is to buy then*.: it's au oppor. unit v which |
may never come again.
$5 A MONTH.
$450-LOTH IN THE HEYMAN TRACT— S4SO
$5 A MONTH.
Lots are 25x118: pnrlectly level and ready to
build on; situated only half a block from 2'id-si.
cars und 3 blocks from Castro-st. cars; as easy to I
get to as a residence on Nob Hill; commanding a
magnificent view: In an excellent neighborhood,
with good schools aud stores close at hand.
Take IM-at. cars to HoiTinan aye.. ask for James
A. Co ter, who will show you around.
JACOB V.MAN. Owner.
11 Montgomery st.
» BARGAIN. ~
New 5-room and bath cottage; all modern: built
1 year: 1 block to electric-cars, must be sold on
account of owner, departure for .he East; only
$250 down, balance easy monthly payment-..
JACOB It iTS MAN,
11 Montgomery st.
4 T AUCTION.
IV AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Tuesday, February 23, at 12 o'clock noon. . ' t
Pacific aye. and Webster St., sVV. corner lot;
81:6x104; grand, unobs: rutted marine view.
NW. Bore corner, .Market and- I6;h sis.; 154 x
107x1)7: slieet bituminous rook.
Broadway lot; 30x100: K. line, 60 feet W. of
Lxguua st. ; marine view.
Eiegan residence, 1318 Geary St., b?t. Oongh !
and Octavia; 9 rooms; lot 27:6x137.
Cottage, 524 Point Lobos nve., bet. Blake and
Cook his.; 6 looinc lot 25x120. •
Bay-window house, 2733 Howard St., bet. 23d
and 24th; lot 30x92.
< .tinge, 140 Hartford sL, bet. lPthand 20th,
Noe and Castro; 7 rooms. •y *
At salesrooms of
CHARLES J. CAMPBELL A CO.,
221 Montgomery. St.
-ior.*". EUUKKA AND 19TII STs.:
»J5 1 • ) I t). northwest corner: here I. a snap;
mnst sell; eet work done; beautiful view;
wor.h twice the money asked: large lot.
Cheap— Four lots, between J and K. on 45th aye.
$2600— Four flats on northwest corner, near Bth
and Folsom; paying $32 per month; (Ms ls a flne
buy.
$6000— Fell st., north line, near Webster: 2 flats,
6 aid 7 rooms: paying $55 per month; no flats as
cheap in this locality. -' ■..
J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market
d_jCrWY ASNAP; MODERN 2-STORY BAY'-
SP ''' '"*"• window house, 7 rooms, bath; 3 ele-
gant mantels: electric gas ltgbtlng; lot 26x106;
your own terms 845 Castro: owner on premises.
yO' 25x125; THE BEST AND CHEAP-
UZ.U. est lot in Ocean View; on Broad at.,
beL Capital and Plymouth; north side; 80x126.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
•"THREE NEW MODERN FIATS.
BIG BARGAIN.
PRICE $6760.
RENTS $636 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 6. and six rooms and bath each,
with every known modem convenience contained
in a new building; street bit ulr.frt ; cement
sidewalk: high separate basement for each flat;
lot 26x106: only one block north of filaraet St.;
flats open for inspection to-day ; 175 Noe st., bet.
14th and 15th.
KING A McNALLY, Real Estate Agents,
7, •; 630 Market st.
Cs C. RE MIS,
/. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALE.
Choice bnildlng lot on Army and 27th sta; close
to electric road.
$460— Ssn Carlos Villa lot: 100x160 feeL
$6700— 60x127 :6 feel on Jackson sU. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern bouses of ' 8 rooms each at
park: 26x137:6 feet; electric roan passes bouses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sis.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ax*. and c su*. 109x95 ft.
VK'.V HOUSES JUST COMPLETED; SUNNY
i-i side of Coles'.., near Waller: 8 and 10 rooms;
large lots, 125 feel deep; street to be bltuminlzed
Apply premises.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SHAINWALD. BI'CKBEE ACO., iIKAL ES-
TATE AGENTS.
518-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
y BUILDING,
HOUSES RENTED.
$5500— Reduced from $7500 to make an imme-
diate suU: good 2- -;.,r.- residence of 7 roomsand
baih: lot 90X90 feet; would make a g'.od busitem
earner; 21,11 st ami san lose aye
$4760— Fine Rakers:, comer; opposite entrance
to Golden Gate Pur..: lot 20.x96 feeu
91500— Fall .:. neai .-i* iner lot 65x137:6: a ;
beantlii i lesMenor site; One view of the cliy.
$600— Cheap Richun nd lot; Bth aye., near Point
Lob is; lot 26x120 f«et: .stree work all done.
$8000— Baker ft-, near entrance to (.olden Gate
Park: elegant residence of 11 rooms and bat a
(new) : lot 95x96 ft.
$12,500— Hayes .-.'., epp. public square: line new I
residence of 10 rooms and batn; .all modern Im- I
provements; fine view of buy and ciiv; lot 27:6 x I
IA:6.
. 1 19750— 2 good flats. N. of Mrrket. S. of o'Far- I
reli and F. ot HyJe sts. ; rents for $30 monthly.
$4750— Tw0 good flats. of 4 and 6 rooms and I
bath; lot 25.x P.B feet; sncrmueiito St., near i
Webster.
$33JO— New eopa-e on Pine St.; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 27:6 x 0) feet; stable; reduced from
.-? .1)1111 to ma-.e gui sale.
*7600— Hyde st., near Post: residence 10 rooms i
ami bath.
$1000— Guerrero st- ; lot reduced from $1500;
lot 25x75. . • ~■•
¥4000— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and hath
on 1 lav st., opposite public park; lot -.5x127:81/4;
io: alone worth pr.ee askvd.
$-.000— Terms .* 2l tush, balance $10 monthly:
modern COttdgß o; 5 rooms und bath, with a good
she: 0 -T.xl 2."> : Dame st.
$J6o— sth axe.: . ii. >* re.iuced; bet. Point Lobos
and Clem nt: "-'"' x 190 cheap. .7 -
-slsoo —Stevenson, near 14lh: lot 25x80.
$1500- Jessie, near Ridley; lot 25x70.
$8000— Business proper y on l-'ol.-om St., near
12th: -tore aud data; rents $;5 net; lot 25x87:6:
oiler anted.
$3750— Modern 2-story house on Hartford st
near 20lh; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present I
ior $20: tenant pnys w.i or: 10: 99x135.
$700— 215. St., near Hampshire; 101 25x70.
Ihe above Is only a partial list. We will be glal
v luriush a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-2 0 Montgomery st , Mills bul .linu.
JOHN PlOltl, 328 MONTGOMERY' ST.. OPP.
safe Deposit, offers or sain:
Fine corner on Steuart and Howard sts.; 45:10 x
45:10; rent $1 .5 per month.
$16.500- Rent $130; McAllister SL, business I
port : 3 story boast; stoiei and flats of 7 rooms i
and bain ; :'...xi10.
$12.000— Must be sold: '.'-story double-flat house:
yth si., near Mission: can b- made Into stores.
16200— Business property: flue 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
upstair*: on Geary st . near stelner; rent $47 50.
$32.000— Kddy st , nenr Mason; store and lodg-
Ing- 95x157:6: rent $160
$37.000— Business property: stores and flats; I
paying if 3oo per month.
DWELLINGS.
$3250— Ridley st.. 1 block N. of Market; cot-
tax.- 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x100
$1800— 26:h-s"u corner, near Valencia: cottage
6 rooms an.) bnth.
$16,500— Post St., near Devlsadero; 7 houses;
large lot: rent 9138; m.ike offer.
$8600-4 line flats, -i •_• b ocks N. of Market at-;
on > 111 more st., and lot -i 1:6; rent $70.
$601 An Eastiake me. 2-story house on Treat
aye., opposite Oarlield -ipiare: large lot, 49x112:1'.
to street In rear.
94600 -8 Hi.! bay-window house, 1 block from
Market st.; lo: 25x110 rent $55.
$4500— it., nenr 16th; 2-story modern
built 8-room bona • : .0: 25.x1i.0.
96500— Kent $60: 2 double flats on Geary St., In-
side 01 ItiiK'er: lot 28x125.
51300— House and lot, 2 blacks south of Pan-
handle, Park: 25x80; a bargain.
$7500— line modern residence on Pago st , nesr
entrance to Panhandle, park: lot 27x137:6.
$6500— Nob Hill residence: modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute. <
$10.0 JO -sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brlcs inundation; lot 25x160.
IN IMPROVED.
$1500— Corner 23d aye. and A St.; 63:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st.
$800— Noe st.. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
rpo INDUCE TOO TO BUT.
Beautiful lots: 26x100: half .1 block from Mis-
sion st. and c eetrlc car«: Spring \ alley water;
streei wor.i done: (360; $5 montbly payments.
A MODERN 7- ROOM HOUSE— Just Finished.
$1700; pan cash s reet work done; lot 25x100.
To visit ibis property take Mlslon-sL cars to
China aye. to my branch efflce, 4438 Mission st.
Open to-day. GEO. A. TURNER,
26 Montgomery st.
S^7*"\o SOMETHING EXTRA FINE; A
«JpO I till. new 11-room house in the bonton of
the Western Addition; rooms finely frescoed: gas j
nnd eec ilc fixtures throughout; terms tosuit; !
will lake In part payment a good building lou
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL. ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF. OUR JUDICIOUS
purchases, get a lot cheaper than yon ever will
again.
Q> 1 (1(1 $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
«JpllFX-'. no grading; near Misslon-st. and Son
Mateo electric car lines: only $5 montbly.
•CC $100. $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
»4P 10. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stnnd and boulevard; only $5
and $10 montbly Installments.
13J9-E.A TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS: WE j
s4pZ.OVf can positively suit you In location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL OETZ A BROTHER.
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
SACRIFICED FOR CASH— REST CORNER
In the Mission. >W. Folsom end Twentv-flrst
sts., Usx9o: xvii] subdivide; iiho SW. Twentieth
and Treat aye., 25x110; and N. side Page, 37:6
feet from cor. Shrader. bet. Sbrader and Stan-
yan, 50x100. .7 - ..7 .;
DRY' HOUSES TO LIVE IN, OR CHEAP LOTS
10 build on. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia.
R\N.'i-IO RO MINE PROPOSITION; IN'VKS-
tiga ion Invited. 641', Market sU
SUBURBAN" REAL ESTATE.
* LTA PUNTA TRACT; OEM OK THE BAY ■
.*» District: 426 acres: subdivided: 3 miles north
of Berke.e', 8 from Oakland; 47 minute* from
San Franc. sco: lots 50x200: from $100 10 $200;
installments: send for a map. GEORGE W. 1
II A 1 1 ill T. 220 Sansome St.. S. F.
•PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
T-OUR-ROOM COTTAGE ON HATTIE ST.,
y near Elgnteentb-street cars; price, $2000; '
bank mortgage of $1100, 6-V*^ percent, can remain; '
will exchange for some small place In Oakland or ■
Los Angeles, Cal. Address W. 11. STANLEY,
4460 Seventeenth st.
(J END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
»~ tor sale. WOOSTER ■* WHITTON. San Jos«. |
PROPERTY "WANTED.
fir ANTED— LOT WORTH $600 To 91000 IN I
' 1 his city for a $400 equl.y in a house and some
cash. Address Lot. box 97, Call Office.
WANTKD- RESIDENCE IN WESTERN AD-
» » dlllen or income property from $4000 to $15,- I
000. Address 1... box 52, Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. ln S. V.. Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: in. commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. ■ -7-.
S'x(U\ 000 AT V* PI" R CENT ON CITY
sjpsiVJV/ .\J\J\l real estate; also Oakland :estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co, 10 .Mils building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the mosl liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates. I
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. SDJOR 3D MORTGAGES, I
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro- I
bate: furniture and pianos without removal. '
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
-PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, Is the secret of our success.
Cot-rate Loan Office, Flood building, 809 Market
fii Ifi i\fif\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL
«Irnv/.UUU estate at 6 per cent. M. B.LEVY,
11 Montgomery st.
Qf-i*}^ MOO AT ,JAKK RATES: IST AND
*4pu Z.O .VJVJVJ 2d morteages. estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market su
WHY" PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY*
low Interest: no com mission. 116 McAUIUer st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
QjrOO.OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
s^Oeny: low rates, A. SCHI'LLEU, 420 Cala.
I DAN* ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
J-J of Interest JAS.B.BI OOKs, 214 Pin-, r 58-69 v
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE- ANY
amonnt. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
$-(\ '10 $60,000; Lowest bate.- is*T aw
OU mortgage; flat or lnstlmoL Dryden, 636 CaL
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY, ETC
Colombia Loan it < ollaieral Office. » ..rant aye.
HOTELS.
IJROOKLY'N HciTEL 208-212 BI'SH ~t>T~
j > board and room $1 to $2 per day, f 6 to $12
per week; choice rooms ■50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for famllt* $1 '.0 $1 50 per night: first-class
service; tree touch. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
**=
TV ANDS OF THE
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
FOR SALE
BY ORDER OF
MRS. JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
BY MCAFEE BROTHER?,
REAL ESTATE BROKER'S
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY' STREET.
REDLANDS.. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
the famous orange belt— property known
as the "Stillmau Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlands and only one mile
from the business center; surround! <i
by the beautltul orange proves and resi-
dences for which that place is well known. The
property Is planted 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres in grapes, and also oranges, al-
falfa and grain: only a few hundred feet from two
railroads; winery and everything necessary for
making: all under irrigation. 1 his property
can be subdivided into town lots or acre lots: total
acreage 282 '/a acres.
SAX LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— THE PROP-
erty known as the "McCoppin Tract,"
containing 320 acres; two miles from
the town of San Luis Obispo; planted
in barley and hay: rich black poll; farm-
house, barn and other out-houses suitable for
fruits and vegetables: picturesque locality and
line climate. San Luis Obispo is on the const- line
of railroad which will soon be completed through
to Los Angoles and be tbe choice scenic overland
route.
TEHAMA COUNTY'— PROPERTY KNOWN
as the "Copeland Ranch," containing 2000
acre«, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging :
to Stanford University. The Copeland ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a horse farm, and
every cppllame for raising and training horses
exists tneie, including barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc.. with good d«e. ling*,
men's quarters, etc.; the soil is rich black riv. r
boconi. covered with tine oaKs: Ihe Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch bf seaiiiuoais. abundant water for irri-
gation from Deer Creek Is distributed all over the
land; the selection of this tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants its excellence as a horse farm.
TEHAMA COUNT PROPERTY KNOWN
as the '-shafer Tract." containing 240 acres,
on Deer Creek, about oue mile from Copeland
ranch: partially planted in assorted fruits and
vineyard; all under Irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery sL
rpilE PROBLEM SOLVED.
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY' 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
1280 acres on San Joaquin Valley Railroad, near i
Escalon, San Joaquin County, CaL; under Stanis-
laus canal; level and fertile: suitable to alfalfa,
sugai-beets, train, fruit (including oranges), vege-
tables, etc.
SUBDIVISIONS OF 10 ACRES OR MORE
PRICE $25 PER ACRE AND UPWARD.
For further particulars address
Mc '- I Hi. BROTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers and Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery St., san Francisco.
ALFALFA LANDS TO LEASE
For a term of years; level, fertile loam, under
canal; near Escalon, San Joaquin County, Cal.. by
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery* sti ret, san Francisco, Cal.
GH. UMBSEN A CO. ~~~ — —
i DAVID BOSH, -Manager Country DepL
14 Montgomery ST.
&(>£_ AN ACRE; 60 ACRF.s AT PLEAS-
■tpclo anton, Alameda County; 40 acres of wine-
grapes In bearing; 12 acres of orchard in bearing;
25 acres In grain; balance in grain and pasture
land: house of 5 rooms: barn and chicken-houses;
windmill and lank: water piped to buildings; a'l
the stock, tools and furniture go with the place; a
profitable Income place and a bargain.
(fljAll ACRE WILL BUY A GUOD GRAIN
O' and stock nnch of about 650 acres: 12 miles
from Redwood City, San Mateo County; 3 large
barns and other outbuildings *.*all fenced; water
from springs; plenty of limber and tan bark oak;
that would pay for the place If cieare I: this Is less
than the assessed value of the land; will ex-
change.
tt* i , PER ACRE FOR 400 ACRES GOOD GRAIN
•y'Matid near Lack lord, San Joaquin County: |
160 acres now In grain; house, barn and outbuild-
ings: a bargain.
L'OH RENT— ACRES OF FINK PASTURE
y land near Niles. Alameda County; cash rent
$250; suitable fcr milkmen; railroad station on
place.
WOLFSKI I.L TRACT.
ON I'-L'TAII CREEK, SOLANO COUNTY,
near the town of Winters; the earliest fruit and
vegetable land In the Sta'.e; we are s-lllng 20 to
60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch for *30 per
acre, one-quarter cash, balance In 8 annual pay-
ments, at ti per ceut interest; send for descriptive
circular.
RI\*ERSIDE COUNTY LANDS.
Y\7"E DAVE BEEN APPOINTED AGENTS
If for one of the Dest tracts of land In Riverside
County, which we can sell In tracts of 5 acres or
upward, with water; for one-third cash and bal-
ance in Installments; send for circulars.
-5:900 PER ACRE; CHOICE 6 - ACRE
— VJVt tracts In the Polhemus Tract at Menlo
Park: spreading oaks: beautiful drives; wai.-r
piped to each lot: cheapest property at Menlo;
one-quarter cosh.
FOR RENT— IO3O TO 3000 ACRES CHOICE
pa-lure land In Alameda County; abund-
ance of wood and water.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
ATTENTION — CHOICE, RICH VALLEY
land, all level; unexce.led for suitor beet?., al-
falfa, hops, vegetables, grain and berries; for sale
at 50 cents on the dollar; 5 acres upward; loca-
tion Livermore Valley, near Pleasanton, Aiameda
County: tit. perfect. 710 sp.eckels Building.
TOR SALE— TWO NICE LOTS IN PASO
x Rob'.es, San I. Ms « blspo County; also ranch,
1(0 acres, 80 acres under cultivation, near King
City. Monterey County. Apply to A. FROM ENT,
360 Fifth St.. f. F.
,11 ACRES: Al AND LK.VEL ON THE BAY;
13 $800. Address S. E., box 97.
WIDOW (SHORT OF -MONEY) WU.L SELL
'» $6000 ranch tor $3500: (art cash ; 42 acres;
In Santa Rose. 217 Eighth st.
O FRUIT AND CHICKEN RANCHES; 8 AND
— 10 acres: $10 and $12 a month Address O. G.
BUTLER, box 139, Pet'iuma, or call to-day from
11 to 1 at 2t.9 Leidesdorff st.
JN" THE LOVELY sANTA CLARA VALLEY";
fine 18Vfe-acrc 5-vrar-o d prude orchard; on
main county road, between .-an Jose and Los !
Gatos: new house and outbuildings. C. ii., 2705
Laguna st. ..-. : .'-.
BARGAIN; $25 TO $35 PER ACRE; CHOICE
land: 2 hours' ride from the city. U.J. DIG-
OLES, 69 Columbian building, >. F.
OR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fenced nnd improved. Inquire N. a.
BR. 1 TON, ll Hams, Col.
GARDEN LAND FOR GRAIN LAND
prices: very cho'ce for run. vegetables or al-
falfa; no Irrigation needed: cheap transportation
to market; weil Improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
Market st.. S. F. -.'•"*.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, tan 1-Vanelsco.Cal. !
RANCH BARGAIN: .$5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch ; best part of Kern Co. 8.. box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; lAD j
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces *
on 8 and 1 > years' credit. I). H. TWING, So- j
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
DENTISTS.
m.7 FULL • SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
•tjp I . kept In repair; extracting free; fillings. soc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
"L"<ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
X years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 years: linings. 60c; crowns, 4*3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon.
1 POSITIVELY' PAINLESS EXTRACTION. DR
. H ADDING, 600Sntter cor. Powell: tel. r0a1n5375
CHALFANT A LEANT, MOVE II FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework especially.
CIOLTON DENTAL AS*- A i lON, 806 JAM'
/,ket st. lilu CHARLES \V. DECKER.
AhfJ A SET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED A3
C I good as can be made; filling $1. DR BIMMA
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION,. COC: CRoWN
bridge work aspeclalty: plates $5 np; lSyearr
experience. IL L. WALSH. DD.S., 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST.. NX.
Eleventh; no charge - ior extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c ; gas given.
SET OF TEEITI WITHOUT AXs.au. UK.
O li. ti. Young. 1841 Polk sl
ROOME DENTAL ASs>OUI ATION, 759 MA R-
C-.KOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 75BMAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; palnleii
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, »1 up.
DR. OEOP.OK W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extruc;io:i
and patentee of Improved bridge work or te*e:a
without any plate, moved from tt to 20 O Farrell is.
ALL work REASONABLE AND WAR-
runted. DR. J. W, KEY, lUi Mar* el «v
OAKLAND' ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
ATTENTION, HOME-SEEKERS'™
*"-. I . lift * JUST LOOK AT THIS; ONLY 8
■»;. 1-\'\J. blocks from Krultvole station; new
modern In use of tl roomi aid bath; large lot; ?300
cash, balance to suit purchaser.
•2110' dl o*OTT_o_ ■* ROOMS AND RATH ;
»I? 1 V «-»••/. hot and cold wa er; lot 25x150;
chicken-house; fenced; 975 down, $10 per month.
XKNV COTTAGE 4 LARGE ROOMS;
*•„ •'•'V. hard finished ; 2 clo-ets and pantry 7-
foot basement; large chlcken-hotuei tine well and
pump; lot 81x108; fenced.
K. a. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
<fl>«. )7.*"-. A A NEW 8- BOOM HOUSE FOR
ety/m I -iVJ . sale, well located, for $30 per month-
no cash down. ALDEN-GAHFIELD Co., 902
Broauway. -'■■■■—■:
eicnn RANCH of icy acres, VINE-
wR'vU, yard, famll-.* orchard, house, barn,
etc.; in heart of Napa Valley; grapes paid $400
this year: former piice $6500; mi rixagu of 12 500
foreclosed: "ill sell now tor $1800. ALLEN-
GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
inn ACRES OF GOOD LAND, ALL CLEAR,
~tVfVJ to trade. ALLEN-GARFIELD CO., 802
Brradway.
'SilJOfi MODERN COTTAOE; 4 ROOMS
tT'TOU. and bath, with barn; right in Oak-
land; part cash. Address Owner, 108 Fourth St.
BY ORDER OF THE BANK. A MODERN
house: 8 rooms and bath; lot 44x100; fine
location: 2 blocks from s'atlon; If taken at once
can be had for $2500; ensy terms. If desired.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth st , Oakland,
\l' ANTED— PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
-11 change for very lame lot and modern & room
cottn.i- In Lorin; price $2250; no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediate to A. J. feNY'DER & CO.. 467
Ninth st.. Oakland.
'£'7^v TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
0 • O lots In the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywardj
and san Leandro local line, by the Southeru Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minute*) from Oakland: eleclrlc-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RCNKLE, owner, fcl6y a Washington su,
Oakland Cal. «
r^JKAPES-r AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
V/ .WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for 31 50. post-
ate free- . T, v ■ ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALA3TEIVY KKAL I'STATI".
SO IHO NO I ' AS, I: $25 MONTHLY"; S-
+.XVJV) . room cottage; large lot near station.
$2500— Colonial cottage; five rooms; near narrow-
gauge sta; ion: easy terms.
$2750— Beautiful cottage: colonial style; 6 ]
rooms; near Grand-street station. "Your terms are j
ours."
MARCUSE A REMMBL, Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Alameda; 628 Market st., San Fran- ,
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS,
examine Damon's mo lei cottages; 4,5 and 6 i
r.'oms; $1750. .2050, $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near Second-iive station. Othce, 602 Market.
i,EAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
l-> aye., near Grand st.; house, 10 rooms and
lath; 2 years old; price $7000; or will exchange
for San Francisco. EASTON, ELDRIDGE COM-
PANY', 688 Market st.
I OWN NICE RESIDENCE' IOT. 60 FEET '
J. front, In Milwaukee, Wis., worth $30 per front
loot; would like to exchange for same value In
Alameda. D. B. HANSON, 9 Premont St., 8. F.
QOA A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
".. —tt work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
trom Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
I. ARGAINS-S3O PiRFOOT;LO ISONNORTII
l> side San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
$1250-60x150; san Jos'* aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150 new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; north side of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
> 1500 Park s'.. Alameda.
ALAMKDA kooms AND HOI'SES.
c-room MODERN HOUSE, W'KLiTIuCATeK
O $35. See H. A. SMITH. 27 Market st., or at I
residence, 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda.
BKKKKLKY KKAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER 1
refused; house of Brooms: bath: stable; chic ..-
en-house; street work done; near the cars. JOS.
.1. MASON. Berkeley station.
UOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR LOTS OR
y ranch; pretty 5-roum cottage; modern improve-
emnt •,; lot 46x110, barn, etc. ; nice location; handy
to train and plectric-c»ri Ad. box 113, Berkeley.
KKKKELKV HOKSKS.
lURNISIIED HOUSE TO LET; CHEAP; 6
. rtoms nnd bath; handsome yard; large barn;
as; Berkeley, Cal. Apply A. S. RHORER, 1943
University aye., Berkeley, Cal.
1, URNISHKD 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
I bath. gas. laundry ; near 3 oar lines. MBS. 9.
J. INGALLS. 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
IMMENSE BARGAIN: MUsT SELL; A FI NE
upright Emerson piano. 835 Pine su
CALL AND HEAR NEW" STYLE BRUENN
V. pianos: patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of all musicians. 228 Post.
BEST BARGAINS IN THE CITY FOR THE I
next 5 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
ELEGANT BRUENN PIANO: GOOD AS I
J new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post sL
ACTUALLY" THE BEST BARGAIN:-. IN PI- j
A. anos; mom hiy par ments from 115 up: dcliv- i
end free with -stool and cover; correspondence j
solicited. THE F. U. SPENCER COMPANY*,!
salesrooms 933 MarKet st., opp. Mason; %stab I
lished over 20 years.
— — 1 _ |
fr~\ f\f\ UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A j
<p.LUU. bargain. BRUENN'S, BkB Port St.
CJlOn lI A 7. LTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
«]p IZ.VJ. cover; $5 lnstallmts. 221 Leavenworth.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano honse, 228 Post 8L
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
- house west of Chicago is KoHLER A \
CHASE'S. 26, 28 ami so O'Farrell »*..; pianos, or- I
gans and all othtr musical instruments, of all j
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the '
customer, - - - - -
I.ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
I ■ Haines, Knabe, Bush <fc Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. c. Hamil-
ton, successor to A. C. Bancroft A Co., 324 t ost.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES !
every family to have a fine new piano.- SHER- i
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST SELL,
pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
TY"HY PAY RENT- FOR A PIANO WHEN
»' the same monthly payments wilt purchase \
one at SHERMAN, CLAY Jt CO.'S.
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from steinway down, can be found at .-.HER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.'S.
BARGAIN. FINE LARGE UPR IGUT.CIIE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister.next Hlbernia Bank.
AT SHERMaN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new Steinway pianos
H ORNUNG'S' PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
\y O. BADGER SOLE A'- ENT FOR HAL LET
fl .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
PIANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY <ft CO.*S
on very easy payments.
A SHAW, STEIN WAV $260, CHICKERING
$185;preat bargains. mo. HEINE.I 36 KL'li.
IJYRON MAI'ZY. SOS PoST ST.— SOHMEH, !
JJ ewby A Evan* Briggs and other pianos.
C UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHEKS, OLD NEW I
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. !
LEGAL NOTICES.
T^"OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE
LV are funis In the treasury* to redeem bonds
lssueu on Levee Dlitr.ct No. 1 of Sutler county,
Cn... accordiug to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880. as follows, to wit: Bond No. ]
93. $500, bond No. 92, $000: bond No 91, $500* i
bo.id No. 90. $500; bond Na 89, $500; bond No. I
88. $500; bo.id No. 87, $500; bond No. 86, $500- I
bond No. 85, $50;). bond No. 84, $500; bo.id No.
83, $500: i oud No. 82, $500: bond No. 74, $500
bond No. 73, $500: bond No. 72, $500: bond Na '
71, *60U. and bond >o. 70 $500; and that nt tin-
expiration of thirty days irom the date of tins !
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the interest thereon will cease, from and after j
which lime no Interest shall be allowed on said I
bonds. ! . J. COPE,
• Treasurer of Suiter County, Cal.
' Dated Ynba City, February 18 1897. -
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD*!, LAW OFFICES. ROOM-t !
'26 and 27, Crocker Luilu; t«lcpuoiie Mai.*
15, ban Francisco, Cai. , _ y . r-.y
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L ASHER
Mil's m. law, «us & la. a 10. &Ui low, Parrou 0104
..-7.--. EDUCATIONAL.
UNIVERSITY MAN, S5 YEAKS OLD. ABLE
Vj to teach sciences and philosophy, wilh amiable
disposition and kind heart, speaking several lan-
guages, desires to find a position ii the city in a
nice family as Instructor or companion; raoneyt
not so much an object as a good home; htghes
leferences. Address M. M., box: 130. Call Office.
HA RDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and school of Instruction (Incorporated):
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL instruct m
the latest improved method*) in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE prooest, eta; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'lnrreil St.: elevaior.
'•/ 'UKSIVE SHORTHAND "ISTHE EASIE-.T,
V. best and cheapest: vowels and consonants
Joined: no positions: dpscrlptive pamphlet free;
also Pitn-an. Graham, Munsou and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS-
COE 1 A M ' :», room 70. Flood building.
— , .
AH OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Ociavla st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA- KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa,
teacher, flice days, Tnurs. and Sat. p. M.
HEALD'S RUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business - practice, shorthand,
lyplng, telegraphy. languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 'M teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
<B» I C COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
t^plO. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; aay orevenlng in* t mo-
tion. JBl6y 2 Post.
•— 1
A YRES', THE LEADINO COLLEGE, 32*
Montgomery st.: individual Instructloa ta
* t-horthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
! lite scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING. ALL IMPERFEO
tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. Individual Instruction: references from best a
California. PROF. R. !*?. DAVIS, 1608 Market.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC-
ci-.il. mining, survey, assay, in. hi.. X rar
taunhf.es.lBßA A.VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
S TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O College, 723 MarKet s:. ; students trained: office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA: I EI.SARTB
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
■Sp.M. OLIVE lIOFF-SCHRoi-.DEk, 299 Uydest.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt,
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATHEMATICS;!
literature a specialty. MISS BOULSTON,
724 i-'Farrell St.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
quick method: $2 50 per month. 323 Hyde st,
HARP.GUITAR. MANDOLIN.PIANi-.PAINT-
Ing.French lessons. Miss TIFFANY, 821 Turk.
PROF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, comet; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur. Powell.
SPANISH, Etc*. Prof. DrFILIPPE'S
y Academy of Languages, 320 Post: eslab'a 187 L
SPA NISH SCHOOL: DAILY; $3 A MONTH;
4t09 p. M. Room 10, Y. M. C A. building.
B OOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. ORAMR,
day it night; no classes; $5 mouth. 845 Mission.
SINGING'; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNO
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st,
GUITAR. MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAI*
VX lessons. $3 ma" Mary Westhaus, 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONB AND WANT ADS FOR THB
0 Cam, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
I
MEDICAX.
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ISE, still offers his va.uab'.e services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured a.d euricned by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladl-s. be Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience, No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trot. His female monthly rtmedl* s are sure and
safe in their -ct*?. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In iheir
action, and are warranted for both young and o.d.
. He excels all others In the cureof private diseases,
over 50 years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure tv all cases. Consultation parlors, 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market at.,
; rooms 11 and 12.
, — , — _ —
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
O'rom whatever canse) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: medical electricity for all
I female comp'aints: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation free, confidential; hours 10 to 5; pills $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 91« Post St., near Larkln.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dis-
A. eases from whatever use; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRa GWYER, 2 ' Tori st.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls ln any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec.rlcity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money in every
case refunded if a core is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home lv
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 8 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. it. .
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boors when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class privatn
home for confinement- MRS. Dlt. DALEY, 1138
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects: taken In time li
| also acts as a preventive! price $1 50 per box;
i tent free by mail on receipt of price. W ALLEtt
I BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
__
ANEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE OR IN-
srument used; every woman her own physi-
I cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always In one day: can be sent
I and used at home; all cases guaranteed: genuine
j new process can only be had at my office. DB.
! POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
.
DR. AND MM. Wi'GENEIt. 526 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
; before and miring confinement; female complaints
I skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
. fur travelers: best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $2.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENOLISHPENN Y-
AJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; lake no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies." lv letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Cbern. Ca, Philadelphia
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick care guaranteed, any
< disease or complaint; home for patients; best
j skill: free diagnosis; low fees; 'self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye.
ALFEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
dies with female troubles', no danger: safe and
! sure: $2 60express C. O. D. '. don't delay until too
1 lute. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland ; c'..l.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
n shed for *1 ; call or write. 1029 Vs M rkel St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, san Irancisc*., Cal. ,
S'flO PAID FOR A CASK I FAIL TO CURE
ejpOVJVJ of female complaints or diseases of tha
eye: consul tation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT ,410 Geary
"I ,U PRaK's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
J-' safe and efficient emmenagogne: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO..druggists, 406 Clay st.,sole agts,
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
bis mnseum, 1051 MarKet st. ; his 30 years'
-successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by moll.
HOME IN" CONFINEMENT; IRREGULARI-
ties restored. DR. AND MRS RAY, 61 Fifth.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS.DR. PUETZ and becontent. 264 V a *•&.
1 jR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STBEET. NEAR
U Jones. Diseases of wemen and children.
, LOST.
I (JO" LOST— SKYE TERRIER PUP; VERY
I 1— O. small; steel rol. ar; blue ribbon: lost Fri-
I day evening about 8:30 o'clock. The lady ln light
i coat seen coaxing the dog will confer a great favor
I by calling on the owner at 024 Ellis St., lower flat;
, reward.
I CJ*! /N REWARD— LO-VT — FOX TERRIER:
■Qp IV) white female; short ta 1. Return 9-9
' Post st.
LOST— FRONT OF INFANT'S YOKE AND
A-J bands. Spanish worked; probably near corner
Larkln and McAllister streets. Return to H. J.
I FORLIZ, 413 Jones street, for liberal reward, asm
LOST— - TERRIER BITCH WHITE,
black and tan head; chain collar; reward.- 25
; Tenth st. -
lOST-rA GOLD BADGE: NAME I.IRNABY
a No. 194 111, irked on It. Finder will receive
i rewar; by returnln; S. STEPHEN'S, 719 Manet.
OST— DARK- BROWN SORREL JURE,
branded 91; reward *10. GIOLUI CHRIS-
; TEN, San Bruno road. '. ';> *
LOST- PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Fraucisco in
the name of HANNAH OPPENHEIM, No.
2,071,623. The finder will please return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 NINTH
St.: want ads nnd suhscript'ons taken.
, ' a
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 14.
•a ■- yw •. .
1314
BOUSES TO LET.
■/*•«)( 1 Alt-lIT.'I ROOMS, BATH. LAUN-
V)oO dry, cement cellar, etc. 945 00
2612 Folsom — 12 rooms, bath, stable, etc... 910 00
726 Shotwell— 9 rooms, bath 9-0 00
17 Guerrero— 6 rooms, bath 22 00
1418 Fifteenth, near Howard— 6 rooms
hath, cood yard, etc 917 50
16 Lafayette— 6 rooms 918 00
Eighth aye., near Geary— Cottage. 6 rooms,
b-tth, four car lines. 915 00
1019 C»pp— o rooms 913 00
1232 York— l 0 tug. •> rooms, bath, stable.. 9l4 00
1940 Lexington ay.-. - Collage. rooms, hat n.9 12 00
W H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
000 GEAKY, NIL LARKIN— IS ROOMS,
.'— • huh: rent very low. BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
<KiHl 2-STORY FRAME. 4 ROOMS AND
■JjT I ''• basement; water f re • : quiet and respect-
able neighborhood. 0 Selina place, off north side
California st.. below Stockton: key at 8.
COR RENT— HOUSE, 8 ROOMS; LARGE
J lot; <ity well water; Point Lobos aye., bet.
Twenty-first aud Twenty-second ayes. Apply 226
Austin sL
9 SUNNY HOUSES: 7 ROOMS. MATH, PAN-
— try, yard aud basement; .ent 920. 830 l app st.
I rOn TAYLOR— SUNNY" HOUSE OF 10
Id- Vf 100 ms, bath; fine view: rent reasonable.
no fell; NIL VAN* NESS AYE.— HOUSE
J X O of 11 rooms and bath.
"VTICE HOUSE OF 6 RooOMS AND RATH.
Xi 429 Thirteenth St., bet. Y'alencla a d Guerrero.
ffijOA RENT REDUCED; HOUSE OF 9
ttytlU. sunny rooms. Pierce St., beu Golden
Gate aye. und Turk st.
(jr.-* Q HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; 912, ONE OF 4
«Jp J O. rooms: on Lawrence place, off Fremont
St., bet. Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay.
9 ROOMS, RATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
_ St.; 7 rooms, bath and lauudrv, on Glen Park
aye., large yards front and rear, attractive loca-
tion, sunny, clean, in good repair; rents very low.
DBMPaTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth SU
"J 99(T BUSH — SUNNY' HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
J— — U yard; rent reasonable to a good tenauu
frifi ** 731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH—
*t3r*lU. rooms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED; 93. SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
C ROOMS; i-SHH SECOND ST.; 915 PER
0 month. Key at 689 second st,
7 ROOMS; 537b SECOND ST.; 917 PER
1 month. Key nt 539 Second sl
r ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
t ' provements: 45 Federal St.; 915 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-econd st.
HuUSEs TO x.X^ST' FOR VERY little
money nt BALDWIN a. HAMMOND*** io
Montromerv su
FURNISHED FLATS.
"1 OWER FLAT 8 ROOMS, DETACHED; SUN
X j 3 sides: reasonable; desirable. 1312y 2 Kills.
»———■. — — — — — I — ■—^ — — — — —  —— — ^■ —.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5-ROOM. SUNN V COTTAGE: FRUIT TREEs;
chickhouse; modern Improvements: rent 915.
317 Clipper St., near Castro.
COTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD, $11;
V also flat, 6 rms., 914. Grocery, 2d, nr.Townsend.
"VTICE SUNNY COTTAGE 5 BOOMS: WATER
i-' free; 910 per momh. inquire 2316 Post su£
CI'SNV COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
0 bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. Lolores
and Fifteenth sts.
Q"| C NICE COTTAGE; 5 KOOMS: BATH*.
t£pXO. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
fflj<7 AND 99: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMB;
C* I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
tt., o.*G. 11. UMBSEN .M CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TLATS TO LET; .
1 f\')~t VALENCIA— ROOMS. BATH. .923 00
1 V)ZO 537 Howard— 3 roomi. batn 92000
143 Valencia— b rooms, bath i'2'2 50
615 Third— Upper sx rooms, bath 921 00
137 Thine. -nth, near Howard — 5 rooms,
bath 920 00
3629 Sevt nte -ii. ii. tear Dolores— Upper 7
rooms, hath; nearly new 920 00 .
3609 1 urk-r> rooms, bath 920 00
9.'4 Shot welL cor. Twenty-third— Upper, 5
rooms, bath 918
115 Hermann, near Valencia and Market. 5
rooms, bath 918 00
5' i Morr.s aye.— Middle 5 rooms, bath 9it! 00
116 Dorland, near Seventeenth and Do-
lores— s room-, 914 00
W. H. CRiM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
3VP. TWELFTH— 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH
oO ami laundry; rent 916. Apply 19 Isis sL
fr<..(\ LOW! PLAT; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
—Vf . modern. 1730 Raker, near California.
«j. 1 9 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
«JpJL"«i. rooms, bath, g:is and yard. 3928 Nine-
teenth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez, water nee.
Vln LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS: GOOD
•7 1' ' . yard. 22 De Room st-. off Second, near
Bi an.
q^f*;*. EIGHTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO'—
OUuii Bay-window flat; 4 rooms, bath; cheap
VKW, MODERN, lo ROOMS; ARRANGED
-i-Y for- Dun.iies; $40. X- 1706 Hyde it.
i^j I i AND 19—2 N.CE LOWER FLATS.
'7 -I 1 Nineteenth and Collingwood sts.
1 ""LEGANT CORNER FLAT: 7 LOOMS, 6£4
J Church st, near Mission H.iih School.
■Jj"" TO 910 SAVED MONTHLY. 3JO FLATS*
VO to let cceap at SPECK A CO.'S. 602 Markeu
ELEGANT BAY- WINDOW: 6 SUNNY
rooms, hath; 9-0. 7 5 Minna st., nr. Ninth.
(£•9;-. MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
ctJJJjt .O. 1128 a Howard su, near seventh.
Q. 1 Q FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
I O. Sanchez su, cor. Eighteenth.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF 8 BOOMS, WITH
gas coot. in t stove: rem 916; also oneof 4
rooms: real 911- Apply 15 Second st.
3 9Q TEHAMA —MODERN FLAT OF" SIX
O— V rooms; latest improvements: rent reduced.
I'LAT 6 SUN-.Y" ROOMS AND HATH;
J cheap 1511 Taylor St., b.L Pacific and Broad-
way.
rxftts FELL— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD AND
OVJO busement; rent 915.
AT ICE SUNNY REAR LOWER FLAT: 4
-li rooms; rent 99, water free; South Park, bet
Bryan and Brannan sts. Apply at BOVEE, TOY
& SON'NT AG's, 30 Montgomery sU
SUNNY MIDDLE KAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
0 bath; rent 922 60, water free; South Park, bei.
Bryant and P.r.,nnnii sts. Apply at BOVEE, TOY
A SONS TAG'S, 30 Montgomery st.
1 SHOTWELL— FLAT OF 5 SUNNY BOOMS,
'i bath, stationary wnsbtnbs; rent 8.6.
4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK. POOR-
ric opener, etc.: 4 rooms and lath, second floor:
3 rooms, laundry, large yards for flowers, case-
ment, etc; all sunny; location very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER. 36
Glen Park aye., off Twelfth sL
"I OWER.UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: B.\TH;
XJ yard; 915. 918. la snotwail st.,ur. Fourteenth.
"I UOy 1 SACRAMENTO -FLAT 5 ROOMS;
XUZeti'i modern improvements: rent 916.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
eral st.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 second st.
/•HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
V- rooms. 98 to 916: see them, 523 seventh st.
1/LAi'S TO KENT FoR VERY UrTLK
J money a*, HAi-UtfLv at Ha__.oni>^ xo
aicntgomcry ft.
A i;i.K ' s NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TOE
*V- A EEKLY CALL, In wranper. for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Buchanan Street. ~
GO*? Bl ' "AN AN.CORNER EBUNB V
\l\Jm. furnished -keeping rms. ; 913 up
Uttatt Streec.
9Qiq** BUSH-TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
em'fXeiZ sunny rooms for housekeeping: sink-
bath and yard: cheap.
Capp street.
9-/Y CAPP — TWO sUNNY ROOMS: NICE
— U kitchen and small bedroom furnished com-
plete.
Eddy Street.
61 C EDDY'— 3 UNFURNISHED. LOWER
I O flat, every convenience for housekeeping;
with stove.
7 1(1 EDDY— LARGE FRONT FURNISHED
• I *J room with kitchen, 912: other ro ms.
Eighth Street.
"1 f\r> EIGHTH— TH RKE R' OMS OF A FLAT,
XUO untnrnlshed; large yard; rent cheap
a oleum Street.
Ql/T 2 OR 8 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
w-1"- houtekeeplng. 820 F'olsom, near Fourth.
lourtli tree.. -'. .■ .
090 F>URT II- ISHED OR UNFUR-
«' — V nished rooms for housekeeping: cheap
Franklin Street.
HI FRANKLIN. NIL McALLTRTER— I OR
O IX. '2 rooms for light housekeeping
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
luiinn Street.
1 -in FULTON — 2 LARGE 'FURNISHED
I I U rooms comp for housekeeping; cheap;
also single.
Goldeu Gate Avenue.
1 ACQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
* J. VJOO niahed bay-window front room; house-
keeping.
Harriet Street.
3 Harriet st., OFF Howard, near
Sixth— 2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms; 99,
Hickory Avenue.
"I O HICKORY AVK. NKAR MARKKT AND
A si Van Ness— Two connecting rooms for House-
keeping; bath, etc.: private family.
..-one* streei.
£.1 C JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY' ROOMS
•J 1 O tor housekeeping; suite or single; reason-
able.
—.earn? Streer.
90 A KEARNY— 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
-Ou for housekeeping; coal or gas -■> love.
Larkln Street.
AOQ LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
"I —t" for .ipht honsekeeping; terms moderate.
Linden Avenue.
49/ B LINDEN AYE— ROOMS AND RATH:
"1 -*v, stationary tubs; private family; use of
parlor; 99; theie Is no sign out.
Market Street.
1 A/t' MARKET OPP. JONES-FRONT BAY-
J. Uut) window rooms and sunny housekeeping.
9fJUO MARKET — 3 OR 3 NICELY' FUR-
— VIVO nlshed sunny rooms, housekeeping.
Minim -tree;.
~ 4 (" MINNA —FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
UT - 1 plete for housekeeping; large yard.
7»_) 1 MINNA — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
I O'l cheap; no children.
Mission Street.
frr»l MISSION". NEAR SECOND— LARGE
«JU-L iront room with use of kitchen; cheap.
r.f'l MISSION— UNFURNISHED BOOMS,
i)')I wLh good yard: rent 96.
I OAQ MISSION— CHEAPEST l LEAN SUN-
J UUO ny rooma: housekeeping; undo hers.
19J1 MISSION — NICELY' FURNISHED
1 Z.X.X sunny rooms; g nth men only; no bill.
1 O-.ifl MISSION, NR. NINTH— LARGE SUN-
X •*) ' V* ny front room; light housekeeping; 99 a
month.
Montgomery Street.
'97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O— I until e-.Hi, o'clock: branch office of Thb
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
N mi oiim Street.
CC C NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms; yard: rent 98 and 910 month.
a^ natoma — m FURNISHED rooms,
\JxO complete for hous keeping; 99.
7^l NAT'i.Mi. COR. EIGHTH— CONNECT-
• UI ing frout rooms, housekeeping, with sink*,
eh ap.
Ninth sireet.
I 9/-1 NINTH— FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE; GAS
! Z.V) water; stove. 1*46 Eighth— 2 large rooms.
I'ine Street.
GO\ PINE-ROOM WITH KITCHEN CON-
II— 1 nectlng: for man ami wife; chean; refer-
ences.
C/ 17 PINE. NEAR POWELL — 3 FUR-
OV) I nished housekeeping rooms with bath: also
other rooms.
i oik street..
n't 9 POLK— SUNNY NEWLY' FURNISHED
01 me housekeeping rooms; kitchen; gas: bath;
reasonable.
j "I COO POLK-RARE CHANCE FOR RIGHT
! xOuZ party to ren: dlning-ioom, kitchen and
I living-rooms; cheap. Cull ti;i-tu rs.
1 GAQ FOLK, COR. CLAY— 2 LAKOE. NICE
1 ''TO lv furnished sunny trout rooms for
housekeeping.
Scott Street.
"I "I O SCOTT-TWO PARTLY FURNISHED
LiO rooms for housekeeping, and bath.
Seventh, street.
99*1 SEVENTH— SUNNY ROOMS SINGLE;
— — J or lulr. housekeeping; rent reasonable.
Shipley Street.
t;Q7 SHIPLEY', NEAR SIXTH— I OR 2 UN-
— O 4 turnisnei rooms for housekeeping.
Shotwell Street.
9 SUNNY' CONNECTING ROOMS. HOUSE
me keeping; kas. bath. 217 Shotwell sL
fcl-tli .Street.
9J A SIXTH-FRONT SUNNY nOUsEKEEP-
— "*"» ing rooms; furnished complete; rent rea-
sonable.
stocKion street.
I 7A3 STOCKTON — 9 CONNECTING FUR-
I lUO nished rooms for housekeeping; yard;
sink; cheap.
Turk Street.
F.AQ TURK— LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SUN-
Ox;u ny room ; running water; grate; gas and
bath: 910.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM OR 2
light ho.iseksenlng; cheap.
iiiiru Stree-.
"I API THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
lUU2 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
I_o THIRD - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
lTOrooms, complete: also double rooms;
batb: gas.
.
4 -*ft9 TIIIRD-2 FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
OVJZ rooms, first floor; 910.
Twenty-sixth Street.
OOC7 twenty-sixth.' near mi^sion-
UUV) 1 2 nicely furnished housekeeping rooms:
yard; $9.
• Valenel s Street
K9ll VALKNCIA— 2 OR 3 LIGHT HOUSE-
OOt-z keeping snnny rooms.
V au Nes*s Aveuue.
Ol -1 VAN NESS AYE. — LARGE FUR-
UXX nisbed sunny room nnd kitchen; same floor;
1 bath; also another room with same or alone.
4 fit) VAN N ESS- 1 SCNNY UNFURNISHED
.lU_ rooms: light housekeeping; 1 front. .
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-V WEEKLY* CALL, in wrapper, for mailing;
ROOMS TO LET.
Kiiiiiiian Street.
499 RRANNAN-A FURNISHED ROOM TO
1— — let with use of range, 91 a week.
Rush Stree..
007 BUSH — FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
VVt I nlsbtd rosins; 96 and 910.
I mlv Street.
9C EDDY - NICE SINGLE FRONT ROOM
OVJ for gentleman.
"I 1 O EDDY -NEAT, SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
HO running water; for gentlemen; 98.
"1 IO EDDY-SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
-1 I U rooms 96 up; also housekeeping; no tran-
sient.
' 07 EDDY, NEAR JONES-COMFORTABLE
*a\J I room: ess, bath; low rent; private family.
RO'-? EDDY- LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
WV«.» room: grate; suitable tor I or 2.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APA INT HOUSE "ft STH
0 St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
19£ EIGHTH-SUNNY UPPER FLAT. 3
1 -iy room, part y furnished; suitable tor house-
keeping: terms reasonable.
t^lli* Street.
KOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — ITOANDRB-
■ cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining Onliy ra.ers: smoking-room and ladles'
rarlor; rpen all night; rooms per night. 35c to
91 bo: week, 92 to tH: month. 9» to 930: fire es-
tapes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
row ieady:hot and cold water In each room: baths.
a' HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newlyfurnished: elevator; hot A cold water.
C 99 ELLIS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
UZim. room; suitable -tor 2.
■leiian strev..
sor5 or FOLSOM— HUNNY FURNISHED SIN-
- O gie room; 91 per week.
pr.O FOLSOM— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALL
VJOO new furniture, carpets and bedding.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Ftltli. Street.
THE- COSMOPOLITAN" — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and 91 per night: 92 to 95 per week.
fr -I A WEEK— LARGE r-UNNY FURNISHED
J?! room: closet, bath: private. 31-1 Fifth au
Golden Gate Avenue.
9f»Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-TWO SUNNY
ZOO rooms with carpets; will furnish to suit:
slnele room.
nijfi GOLDEN GATE— NICELY' FURNISH .D
Oil' single room, with privilege of housekeep-
ing; 910
Geary Street.
! "I fin GEARY — E. EGANTLY FURNISHED
I A-VJu sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
| 9] C GEARY ST.. OPP. UNION SQUARE—
-li) 4 unfurnished rooms; key at '-17 Geary st. i
('•il GEARY' — LARGE FRONT ROOM:
■>-i pewly famished: 3 windows; gas; bath;
hot and cold water; larje close.; suitable lor 2;
912 per month.
79] GEARY'— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
I—l rent teasonable; references.
Qf_-I GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED HAY-
i O" J window room-,; mantel: central: reason -
i able: handsome new cor.ier flat; modern eon-
! veniences.
j —
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON, NIL FOURTH-FINELY
1 I-.-* furnishea sunny rooms; latest con-
veniences; 91 week.
.U HARRISON — FURNISHED FRONT
9.) C HARRISON— FURNISHED FRONT
— O room, with c.oiei, 94.
uvward si 1 en..
91 9K HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
ZixZu r-omi; cars communicate a* 1 over city;
reference exchanged.
I Oils; HOWARD— ELEGANTLY* FURNISHED
I OUO 100ms. Miss L. DEAN, proprietress.
9C Q HOWARD— UN FURNISHED ROOMS IN
I U suites or single.
1 "I 9 1 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT SUITES
j I I — &■> nicely furnished for housekeeping;
j bath; 912 rent
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— SUNNY" FRONT BUTTK, 915; SIN-
I g c rooms, 95. 90 and 97.
717 HYDE— FURNISHED J FRONT
II I room: rent moderate.
■tones street.
9*l r JONES— FRONT ROOM lOR GENTLE-
— I 1) man, gas and bath, 96; donbie room, 912
I a month.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-*V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
Leidesdorff Street.
-I l /"» LEIDESDORFF— ICE SUNNY" ROOM;
1 ■ U private; gas: 91 25 per week.
Lexington Avenue.
I OQ"! LEXINGTON AVE.— B NICE SUNNY
! Ot .1 fur.. ls. ied rooms and bath; complete for
* housekeeping; rent 918.
I .
Lily Avenue.
j "I 01 LILY* AYE.— LET; SUNNY FRONT
1 i^'i room; furnished forlady; reasonable.
Matket Street.
V-GSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PER
J- night. 935 to 91: week, 91 60 t0 95: families.
"1 199 MAi. KET - NICELY FURNISHED
J- I — — sunny suite; also single rooms.
1 \I\Q MAPKET — SUNN V FRONT AND
I OVJO back rooms; suitable for offices; terms
moderate. m-W
i moderate-
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and Tayior; sunny rooms; 95 month.
Macon Street.
119 MASON— NICELY" FURNISHED SUN-
TiO ny comfortable rooms; very reasonab c.
Minna Stree:.
j AQ~\ MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE
I IUX front i00m5,95 mo.un; hot. cold water baths.
GGr MINNA, COIL EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU ( nlshed bay-window rooms. 91 per week.
Dilation street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, Thl MISSION*. SELECT
lamlly rooming-house: 91 60 to 9*9 per week.
/"■JQ9 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
ViuZt sunny rooms; a quiet place; prices reason-
ab' c.
B'.>£» MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUNNY'
tJU room, suitable for housekeeping; flO.
!9 V 1 MISSION— SINGLE AND EN SUITE:
1 —— X rent reasonable; sunny.
Matema street.
GOG M ATOM A— FRONT ROOM; 1
U—U or 2 gentlemen; rent reason.i
New Montgomery street.
Ij*»AFGO BOUSE, 10. > NEW -MONTGOMERY—
iv Sunny furnished single 100 ms 75c to9l 25 week.
U'larrell miiij..
7/YO O'FARREIL- KLEG A NT SUNNY'
I V): rooms; first-class board; reasonable.
I'uat Streei.
RANDOLPH HOUSE, 501 CHANGED
IX hands; SO bay-window parlors: smaller
rooms; running water; gas und grates; 91 50 to 94
per week.
6->9POST; ELEGANTLY' FURNISHED RMS;
' — — 1 bath: hut, cold water; 98: sunny suites.
f»9Q POST— LAHGE FRONT ROOM; STRICT-
U — O ly private family; suitable for two.
(.90 POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
>JZ.'J front sulie; toilet and bath connected.
60"l POST-NICELY" FURNISHED SINGLE
til room: gas, water and bath. 95 momh.
7 1 •> post-la UNFURNISHED PAR-
I It > Ion; suitable for doctor's office; also fur-
nished sunny suite: terms reasonable.
7 1 r\ POST. UPSTAIRS-SUNNY FURNISH-
I Iv ed and housekeeping rooms.
i on cil street.
190 POWELL— NICELY FURNISHED
-l mO roomi; suite or single; cheap.
sixth street.
00 SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
Ou rooms; nil conveniences; fireproof building.
re*»t.-ii.li Stree..
"I 49 SEVENTH ST.. GIKARD HOUSE— ELE-
-*-^** J gant furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
tenth ParK.
"I A SOUTH PARK-H- UsF.KEKPINO AND
-I VJ single rooms for gentlemen; sunny.
*• t-iiMin sireet.
A.0%. STEVENSON - NEWLY" FURNISHED
TVu rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board.
r\e\r\ STEVENSON— a FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
UUU nlshed, one large and one small.
70J STEVENSON, OFF NINTH-LARGE
lOT furnished room: use of bath.
*-.••< L.  , v lout.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
nIshed antes from $i 10 910 a week; single
rooms, 91 to to 93 a week; hot and cold water ln
every room: baths: transient specially: elevator.
Milter Street.
I A OG SUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY'
I xCZV) newly furnished light sn-my moms, offices;
j bath; central;* reasonable; appreciated if seen by
I do* tor.
£. 1 A SUTTER-NICKLY FORMS II T. I)
0 11 rooms; suite or single; low rent 10 desirable
tenants.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— LARGE
y sunny front room; reasonable.
Turk Sireet.
01 fl TURK— TWO SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
OX. \' new furniture; bnth; private family.
» au Nra« Avenue.
70ft VAN NESS AYE - NICELY' FUR-
I OU nlsled funny front rocm: reasonable; pri-
vate family.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN 11 bT., NEAR MISSION:
branch ofiice of Thk Cali. subscriptions and
want ads taken.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THR
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I nit itl states or Canada one year for 91 60, post-
ag free. •
CHILDREN HOARDED.
VI OTHER'S PERSONAL CARE: 1 MONTH
i** old up: sunny rooms; wholesome fool- low
rates. R. J., box 122, Call Ofhce.
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
10 OV.IN NESS AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
I--I-LO alcove room: folding-bed; handsomely
furnished; running water; large closets: board
optional.
ROOM AND HOARD IN PRIVATE FAMILY
to work 1 elrl: central; reasonable. Refer-
ences exchanged. A. B, box 159, Call Office.
21 (If) CALIFORNIA — ELEGANT REB I-
I VJ VI dence; hot and cold water In every room:
fll mi ace: telephone; table flrst-ciass; excellent
service.
'79X PINE (KENOVA)— NEWLY FUR-
I *-«,» nlshed suites and single rooms; service
Strictly flrst-clcss; references.
91 C VAN NESS— «SUNNY PARLORS; FUR-
-0 X O nished or unfurnished; other sunny rooms;
board reasonable.
P. 941 TURK-a SUN *-V ROOMS, BOARD.IF
cf-jT-j desired; prl va-e family.
71 O POST— 2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
11— with board, suitable for '2; 20 each: parlor.
ljfll VAN NES>. COR BUSH— SUNNY
I TV/ A double and single rooms with board; teL
HOTEL Br'RTLINO. 714 BuSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER-SHOP, WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lisbeU 16 years: $1S per montb; Iter at 539
second st.
Carpenter-shop; tf.7 per month. 6De Boom at.;
key at 539 Second st.
Piumblng-shop; 9d per moutn. 3 De Booms*-.:
key at 5iJ9 Second st.
Corner store, 531 second at.; 914 per month:
key at 539 Second st.
MISSION ST., NEARNKW MONTGOMERY—
Large store and two floors above; well lighted
throuehout: suited for wholesale or manufactur-
lug business. »45— Valencia, nr. Twenty-second:
new store; plate glaai windows. 930—515 Third,
near Rryant; store and 3 rooms, with baker's
v."i, etc., complete. 'Jb IS Mission, near 'I wenty-
fir^t store and 1 room; $25. W. H. CRIM * CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
UOa VALENCIA _ OPPOSITE SCHOOL-
«/T house; has living rooms attached; $15.
ASHTON _•.'.. HONE.;, 4. 1 Montgomery st.
iq(|K POWELL, NEAR PACIFIC— 2 SHOW-
I OVJO windows and living-rooms; cneap rent;
$I.V
TO LET-STORE AND 21 ROOMS; SUNNY:
'-'7 Minna St.; rent very cheap. MADISON
BURKE.
1 \1)(\ NION— ORE, 3 ROOMS, SUITA-
X 1 XJXJ able any business; front carno use; $12.
1 I O 1 MISSION, NEAR NEW POSTOFFICE
x .ex siu— Large store, 3 rooms attached;
suitable lor grocery or cliar-.store.
Si*~>\ STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
*JPm.sJ. 1198 Howard st., near Seventh.
Jlir KOI RTH— SM ALLS! ORE WITH ROOM
TIU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. XI. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Moutgomery st.
VINE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
x business; one block from Market- 15 Grant ava
AT LOW RENT— PARI' OF STORE AND
ba'em-nr. 324 Post st.
OFFICES TO LET.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT;
X good location. 509 Kearny, room 8.
DESK RO M CHEAP: LARGE SUNNY' OF-
XJ flee, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Desirable offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. BOVBK, TOY A CO., 30 .Montgomery.
55SS 5£_55__jg S — — — S — 5553— __—_—— _l ~"— 555 *
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE PEES: DIVORCE LAWS a BPEC-
A laity : private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. lOyears.
O. W. HOWE, 850 Marketst. corner Stockton su
V DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
Xx. cessful. W. W. DAVID-sON, 927 -Market st.
KW. KINO, ATTORNEY-.*, T-LAW, CHRON-
. Icle bnildlng: advice free: lowfe-s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS Suc-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRKSS. 632 Market, rm.23.
BICYCLES.
(JJ* 1- "BEN-HUB" BRAND NEW: REGU-
<■• M«-f. lar price $85: guaranteed high grade.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market su
STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES, FURNTTUKE, PIANOS.
-It household goon s. etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 MkU
SEWING MACUINES.
SEWING MACHINES BOUGHT, SOLD
O rented and repaired. 145 Sixth su I. S. COHEN
■~"~— ——-———■ ■ — — — — -
LATESI SHIFTING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. February -20.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 67 hours from
Yaquina Bay: 250 ions rock. 40 tons flour, 25 eds
stuvebolts. 10 Meyer A -ikinann.
I Bark Wilna. Slater. 10 days frm Nanaimo: 2836
tons coal, 10 John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Levi P Burg, as, Yunggren. 7 days from
Tacoma; 2350 tons coal to South i'ralrte Coal Co.
schr C A Tnayer, Lilyriulst, 5 days from Grays
Harbor: bSo M ft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co
Schr Sadie, Smith, 58 hours from Ump-qua; 260
M ft lumbtr, to E M Derby <& » 0., Oaklaud.
liniiii-Htii! Porta.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb V.o— schr Jennie Stella,
for San Francisco.
Movement* of Tram- Xtlantie St»-\-n ,-,.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20-5-tmrs Michigan
and Mississippi, from London; stmr Spree, from
Riemen.
Sailed Feb 20— stmr Servla. for Liverpool; stmr
La Rourgoitue, for Hnvre; « mr state of California,
lor Glasgow: stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11. for Genoa.
GENOA Arrive 1 out Feb 20— Stmr I'm*! a
RREMERUAVEN— ArnveJ 001 Feb 20-Stmr
11 H Meier.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived out Feb 20— Stmr
Fuerst hismarck.
SWINDKMI NDE- Arrived out Feb 20-Stmr
Hekla.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 20-Stmr New
York, for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed Feb 20— Stmr La Gascogne, for
New Yor*.
BRKMKN-Salled Feb 20-Stmr v Oldenbnrg. for
New York; Feb 18— stmr Bonn for New York.
BKOW HEAD— Passed Feb 20-Stmr Auranla,
from New York lorQueensiowu and Liverpool.
I'AY'AL— Passed Feb 18— Stmr Ems, from
Mcdi erranean ports for New York.
BULTfi.— HAKBIAGEih- MATHS.
J Birth marriaite and death notions sent by mall
will not b< inserted. They mas*, be banded In a*,
either of tue publication offices and be Indorsed
wltta the name aud residence of persons a thon xoJ
10 have ibe same published. |
BORN.
Dk MEYER In this city. February 18. 1897, to
the wife of Julius de Meyer, a daughter.
HETZER— in this city, February 19, 1897. to the
wife of H. A . Hetzer, a daughter.
LEVY*— Tn this city, February 19, 1*97, tothe
wife ot Sam Levy, a son.
ROWLAND-In this city, February 15, 1897, to
the wile of Charles Rowland, a daughter.
-STEVENSON— Io this city. February 20, 1897,
to tho wife of Dav.O A. Stevenson, a son.
WAGENER-In this city. February 13 1897. to
the wife of F. E. Wagener, a son.
MARRIED.
ISENTERG— DUISENBERG-In this city, Feb-
ruary 16 1897, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. H.
Alexander Isenbc g of Honolulu, H. L, and
Virginia IL Duisonberg of san In.nclsco.
SCHSEIE— In San Rafsel. Decem-
ber 16. 1891, Daddle Lovej.iy and J. W. sch -ele.
Si HWEDER— REISER— In this city, February
14, 1897. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Paul,
Schweder a.d Louise Rels«r.
DltD.
Altemus, Ellse Lawlor. Mary J. L.
Bunemann. Nellie McU eney, Mrs. B. A.
Cum a no. Jose McKee- Young. Annie
Con Rosa la L. de McMann. Miirirsret
Cooney, Margarat Ma -OtO, Raymond A.
Dederich. John * Mon-t. diaries '
Hu 111 11. frank - Nash, Annie -
Eberhart, Matthew O'Connell. Harry
• Hansen, Catherine Paulson, Charles
Heaney, Rosana Rander. Herman * .
Keegan, John Bee*e, Louisa P.
Lanouette, Fred Sum merlield. A. Jr.
Zacharlas. Lyon
ALTEMUS-in this city. February 18, 1897,
Ellse, beloved wife of Jobn Aliemus, and
mother of Mrs. Emma Hoefler and John Alte-
mus Jr., a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62
years 8 months and 18 days.
AVFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the family
residence. 26 Florida street, Interment I. O. O.
'. Cemetery.
BUNEMANN (nee Mccioskey)— la Spokane.
Wash.. February 9, 1837. Nellie, oeloved wife of
Edward Hunemann. a native of san Francisco,
. aged 20 years 9 mouths an 1 19 days.
CAM ANO— In this city, February 19. 1897. Jose,
beloved husband of Rosa Camano, a native of
Spain, aged 41 years.
F. or A.— fflcers and members of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F of A. : You are hereby notified 10
attend the funeral of our tat" brother, Jose
Camano. THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30
o clock p m , trom bis late residence, 1 lv» Clay
streeu By order of.
CHARLES F. MCMENOMEY.
R. R. Annas Secretary. < hlef Ranger.
CONE y— In this city, February 18. 1*97, Rosalia
L de Coney, beloved wife of Alexander E.
Coney,* a native of Guadalajara, Mexico, aged 62
ye rs
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*,
which will be held at the Spanish (hurcn 01
Nueatra senora de Guadalupe. Broadway unu
Mason stree.. THIS DAY (Sunday), at 10: dO
o'clock A. M.
COONEY— this city, February 20.1897. Mar-
garet Cooaey, belovwd sister of the late Mrs.
Sweeney, a native of County Galway, Ireland.
[Boston psners please copy.J
DEDKRICH — In this city, February 20, 1897.
John Dederich. a native of Germany, aged 72
years.
DUFFIN— In the Ultv and County fin-volt aI. Feb-
ruary 19, 1897. Frank Duflin, aged 52 years.
EBERHART— In this city. February 20,1897.
Matthew, neloved husband of Bernard Fbei-
ban, father of Phlliop M Eberhart, and brother
of Joe -num. a native of Wurtemherg, Ger-
many. aged 41 years 4 months and 3 duys.
HANSEN— In this city. February 10. 1-97. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Reter Hansen,
mother of Peter Hansen and eldest daughterof
Mrs Ellen O'Connell, a native of Gurranebawn.
Cahirclveen, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 46
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. c. O'Connor <fc Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HEANEY — In this cliy, February 20, 1897.
Rosana, beloved daughter of John an-i the late
Jane heaaey, and sister of Jonn F. and M. .1.
Heaney, a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years
8 months and 20 days
*9~Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. _.. from her late resi-
dence. 2026 Taylor street, corner Greenwich,
ih-nce to St, Ir.incls Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrate! for the repose of
her soul, commencing a*. 9 :30 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. I), g. \v._ Tbe > fflcers and members of Alta
I arlor No. 3, N. D G. W.. are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our deceased sister.
Miss Rose Heaney. 2026 Taylor street, TO-MOR-
ROW (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.
KEEGAN— There will be an anniversary requiem
high mass in St- Brendan's Church, corner of
itremont and Harrison streets, TO-MORROW
(Monday;, at 8 o'clock a. m., for the repose of
the soul of John Keegan. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend
LANOUETTE— In this city, February 19, 1897,
Fred, beloved husoand of Louise 1 anoueite,
father of Rita and Ernest Lanouette, and sou 01
A-telaan the late Edward Lanouette, a native
of Canada, aged 41 years 5 months and 22 days.
*9"*Frlends and acquaintances are resosct-
fully Invited to aitend tue funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at '.' o'clock p. m , from nls late
reMdence, 3173 Miss.on street, interment
I. <). O. K. Cemetery.
LAW LOR— Entered Into rest. In this city. Febru-
ary 20, 1897, Mary Jean Liddle. beloved wife of
John M. Lawlor. and mother of Lillie Jean and
lonu William L.iwlor, a native 01 New York
City, aged 4n years.
McMANN— In this city, February 19, 1897. Mar-
garet McMai.n, a native of Ireland, aged 79
years.
McGKENEY— A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated TO-MORROW CMonday), at 9:30 o'clock
a. m.. at St. 1 ominlc's Church, for the repose of
the soul or the ..:le Mrs. Bridget A. Md.eeney.
Friends and acquaintances are respectiu.lv in-
vited to attend.
McKEE-YOUNG— In this city. February 20.1897,
Annie McKee- Young, beloved sister of Mrs.
Mack.nosh. Mrs. McMullen and William S.,
John, James, Grace. Bella and Robert Young,
a native 01 England, aged 22 years 6 months and
3 days.
MADEKO— In this city, February 19, 1897, Ray-
mond A., beioved son of Rose and the late Ray-
mond A. Madero, and brother of Addie, Nellie,
farah and Ralph Mauero, aged 12 years 4
months and 21 days.
MONET— In this city February 19. 1897. Charles,
belovel husband of Mrs. Minnie Monet, son of
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Mo..eu and brother of Teny,
Emma. Victor and Louis Monet, a native of
Diamond Springs, El Dorado County, Cal., aged
40 years.
• •"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in vitedto attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from bia late
residence, 19% Glover sireet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NASH— In this city. February 19. 1897, Annie
Nash, aant of Mrs. D. C. Hetzel of Guerneville.
Cal., aad Mrs. R. E. Scheller. • native of Ennis,
County Clare. Ireland, aged 78 years.
O'CONNELI — In this city, February 20. 1897.
rry, beloved son of the late Jeremiah an 1
Annie O Connell, and brother of Tnomai, Wil-
liam. Lizzie and Mary O'Connell and Mrs. Mar-
garet Dowd, a native or County Cor.:. Ireland.
a-.-d 27 years.
PAULSON In this city, February 19. 1897,
Charles, beloved husband of tseima Paulson, a
native of Norway, o-ed 53 years 5 months and
24 days.
49~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from 1. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets,
under the auspices of Cosmo poi i an Lodge No.
194. I. O. O. F. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RANDER— In this cliy, February 13, 1b97, Her-
man Rainier, a native of Sweden, aged 68 years.
A member of the Scandinavian Society.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. 11., from the par-
lors of H. I. Petersen & Co. 228 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY— To tbeofflcers and
members: You are hereby no Hied to assemble
at 228 McAllister street TO-MOItRoW (Mon-
day), at 1:80 o'clock p. it., for the purpose of
attending the funeral of cur la.c member, Her-
man Kander. By order of the president.
H. P. PETERSON. Rec. Sea
SEESE— In this city. February 18.1897, Louisa
I.. Leioved wife of William O. -eese, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 28 years 1 month and 21
dais.
A^FrP-ruls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviteu to attend the funeral THIS DAY
••.Sunday), at 2 o'clook p m.. irom the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher. 20 Fifth street-
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUMMERFIKi.D— In San Rafael, February 20,
18J7. Alexander summerfleld Jr., beioved hus-
band of Jennie Su mm rfield. and bro:li--r of Mrs.
Tlshler, a. Samuierfield of Hawthorne. Nev..
Mrs. J. Barnet:, Mrs. atoll. Sirs. E.Coleman and
Hattie SumiuerflelJ, aged 45 years 5 months
and 14 days.
. aS~Funeral TO-MORROW (Monday), at 2
o'clock p. 11.. from his late res deuce. Palm ave-
nue. San Rafael.
2A< lI.XRIAS— In this city, February 18.1897.
Lyon Zacharlas brother of the late Henry and
.Morris, Joe, isad ore and Zach Zucharlas. a na-
tive of Nan el, Prussia, aged 58 years 6 months
and 24 ■!..■-.
AT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral 'THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from B'nal B'riih
Hall. 1-1 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Doric Lodze No. 216, F. and A. M. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery. 11:30 o'clock a.m.
train from I turd and Townsend streets.
Y. M. L— Ignatlan Council No. 35, Y. M. I.: Tbe
annual requiem miss for the repose of the souls
of our deceas-d broth- members of tne Y. M. I.
will be celebrated TO-MoRRnW (Monday ). at
10 o'clock a. m. at Si. Mary's Church, California
sin-el. Relatives and Iriends 01 deuarted
brothers and all membersof the order are In-
vited to attend.
MCAVOY *X GALLAGHER, T
FUNKRAL DIBKCTORS A EMBALM KRS,
SO Fifth St.. Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
TTanSc6^soiJT?^^^™™^CHAs7McsniNOMi!^
JAMES McMENOMEY A SON,
UNDERTAKERS AM) EMUALMERS.
10&7 JUiaaion Street, Near Si-vcutli.
'telephoue south 854.
J AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH.
' LNDERTAKER-l AND EMHALMEi*.-*,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye,, near jiuim.-su, sau r'randsM
Telephone so. 15t»-
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. c.ANTN'ER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY lIALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
JL of burial p nts and graves in its cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's ollic - at the cemetery, corner
Rush street anil Central ay, nue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in uo sense ex-
clusive -. location unexcelled. Ottoe St*i ttataaf
street, koutbeaai corner a- tilxl*.
DANGER OF THE BASTILE.
I Judge Coffey Cites Mr*. Wittemier for :
Contempt of Court.
Mrs. Magdalena Wittemier has been
cited to appear in Judee Coffey's court on
tbe 26th of this month and show canse
why she should not be punished for con
tempt of court.
Airs. Wittemier is executrix of the will !
of J. G. Wittemier. deceased, and was i
ordered to pay to John C. Huehes, as j
assignee of A. G. Wittemier, a legacy of
$1000. J
For some reason best known to herself !
the lady refused to obey the order of the ■
court, thus laying herself liable to a term !
of service in the Da-Rile of the County on I
Broadway. It is unusual to see a woman !
even threatened with imprisonment for
* disobeying the orders of a court, and the
outcome of the fair litigant's contumacious
behavior will be watched with interest.
a m ,
Chief Kennedy, after more than fifty years'
service in the New Haven (Conn.) Fire Depart
ment, is soon to retire.
VESSELS DAMAGED
IN THE STORM
One Stricken by Lightning
and Another Lost Her
Deckload.
Officers of Gasoline Schooners
Must Now Have a
License.
Chiei Wharfinger Root Is Happy Ov r
the R covery of His
Bull Pup.
The owners, masters and engineers of
gasoline schooners are in trouble. Accord
ing to a law which went into effect last
month they must all have a certificate
from the Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers
before they can take a vessel to sea or
navigate the waters of the bay. The ves
sels principally involved are the Moro,
Hettie B, Gerald C, Barbara Hernster,
Bessie X, Newark, Monterey, Chetco, Jes
sie Madison and half a dozen others. All
of these vessels, according to the Jaw
signed by President Cleveland, are com
pelled to carry a licensed captain and a
licensed engineer, and the owners are in
a quandary. The different societies of
master mariners and marine engineers
are after them and the inspectors have
given them due warning that the law
must be obeyed, and that at once. As
the success of the gasoline boats has been
due entirely to the fact that they could
be run at a small expense, the chances
are that when licensed officers with large
salaries are put in tnem they will not pay
running expenses and will be laid up. -
Chief Wharfinger Root had a pleasant
experience yesterday. A couple of weeks
ago hs lost a prize bulldog pup, and just
as he had given up ail hope of ever seeing
the animal again a couple of young men
walked past the office with the dog on a
string. Root did not wait for his bat, but
ran out and said, "Where did you get that
pup, boys?"
"Found aim," was the answer, "and we
want a buyer. You can have him for $20,
mister." j
"Bring him inside," said Root, and the !
dog was soon under examination. Half a ,
dozen people identified him and when tbe
chief examined his nind leg and showed
where it had been broken in two places
the men gave in and left the place. They
wanted pay at the rate of 40 cents a day
for twelve days for feed, but Root showed
them the door and they went.
The Norwegian bark Nordlyset has been
chartered lor South Alrica. The vessel is
now in Oakland Creek discharging her
cargo of coal, and in a few days she will go
to Port Costa to load wheat. Cape Colony
is short of grain, and in a few 'lays other
vessels among the disengaged fleet will be
chartered to go to that end of the earth
wheat laden.
Captain Alex Bergman went out in com
mand of the ship Big Bonanza. The ves
sel goes to Tacoma to load lumber for San
Francisco. Captain Alex bought out his
brother Adolph. and the latter is now a
partner in the firm of Simpson & Fisner.
He is an expert sail-maker, and since he
lost his wife in Cape Town during the last
voyage of the Big Bonanza he made up
his mind to remain ashore. As his
brother was more than anxious to get to sea
again it did not take long for tbem to
change places. .
The whaling bark Lydia went into the
stream yesterday minus fourteen of her
crew. She came to an anchor off Howard
street, and late in the evening the men
were rounded up and taken out ie the ves
sel in whuleboats. When they sober up
today the Lydia will put to sea.
Monday will be a gala day on the mon
itor Camnnche. Governor Budd and a
joint committee from the Hou>e and Sen
ate will be the guests of the Naval Battal
ion. The members of the first and sec
ond divisions will be out in force, and a
boat race between picked crews will be the
principal attraction of the day. The
course will be from the Camanche to Mis
sion Rock and back.
The first division will be represent d by
George Green, Frank Murphy, J. Meyer,
P. Murry, W. Geislor, R. ScUnallon, and
Jack Healey cockswain.
The second division will have in its
boat H. Schroder, W. Oden, H. Hansen,
C. Johnson, O. Undgren, A. Halliday, and
T, Rowe coxswain. Tho race is going to
be a close one, but division 1 seems to
have the call in the betting.
All the coasters had a rough time of it
during the list few days. The schooners
Helen N. Kimball, Mary E. Reiss and
Fannie Claudine, Irom Eureka; the ship
Oriental and bark Wilna, from Departure
Bay, and barken tine Retriever, all suffered
more or less. The Oriental heat the Re
triever into port, but the British ship
BovenDy Castle, also irom Departure
Bny, beat both of the American vessels
easily.
The schooner Mabel Gray, from San
Diego for Eureka, suffered more than any
of the vessels. During the storm of the
17th inst., lightning struck the foremast
bead and ran down the forestay, carrying
away the foremast about six feet from the
deck and also the mainmast about fifteen
feet from the deck.
The jibboom also carried away, so the
captain at once hoisted signals of distress
and was towed into port late last night.
The schooner Corinthian lost her fore
sail and putback, and the Emma Utter
lost some of her sails and shifted her deck
load of lumber to port, while the Chris
tena Stcflins lost her entire deckload off
Fisk's Mill. Ail in all the lumber
schooners and coasters had a hard time
of it.
The Nicaraguan bris; Salvadore that was
on her way here from Australia with a
cargo of coal and had to put into Papeete
in distress 1.a3 been condemned and or
dered sold to defray expenses.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstocks were several cents firmer yes
terday as a general thing, but closed weak and de
clining.
An official telegram from the Con. Cal. A Va.
stales tnat 78 tons of ore, averaging $35 63 per
ton, were extracted last week.
The Rescue Gold Mining and Milling Company
of Elko nU L y ' Xcv " has levied an assessment of
10 cents p-r share, amounting toSIOOO
EJ he \ t.arra (ioi.l Mining Company of Lower Cal-
.ornia has levied an assessment of Scents per
share, delinquent March Ti,
The annual meeting of the Buchanan Gold Min
ing and Mill.ng Company has been called for
March ..
The boards J-' 111 not be In session to-morrow-
Wsiblott >n's blr.hday.
'*"*_ Julia Cou. assessment falls due in board
and the Eureka Con. assessment ln offlce on Tues
day.
Following Are the Highest Prices Dur
ing the Past Week.
Wnl.
15. ... # ....
h»
Her ..
A Belcbar.
lon. _...
aonin
lenge
•"*r...« ".
Cat A Vi .
laenc*
ni Point ..
id & Curry.
•i
OS 07
04 14
15 14
-'5i 23
70 68
lS i.
101 Oir
43 SS
9U 8b
2.15 3. 1 (
I.oo| 9-
-24 S«
46 44
1.30 La
40 b9
93 90
101 JO
09 OP
47 4
451 44
('6 07
LB5 1.6.*.
hR 3b
38) 37
07 -07
2« •-'«
'21
4.
1.15
l.».
4.
:
9.
J.UI
11
i
«.
;.
I 05
I 01
I 13
1 24
i 67
. 13
11
I 41
87
•J.I!)
95
""45
1 1.15
1 «U
91
' 10
08
40
■ 44
05
> 1.70
39
I 36
> 07
i 27
phir ".".!
vermAn
ccidenwl....*.
OIOSL
Hi
H
Of-
4.
4J
-7
8-
-10
4
■vajce
PIT H«Utiaa
eg. iselcher...
tandar.l..
lerra f»evtuia
'niou.
i*u
■WiOw JMUMtI
i.6
tit
I
BOARD SALES.
*£* S£_S """ 1D tbS "" KraDCI?CO
WO°_w!L "°tT™.?£. 0 * '-M-cs-r, 9:30.
4UO BelcheV-4 * ¥oi «— a*!*o 'J Ophlr 91
30i ii & e v *?," °*:*•, .*:*• 9,J
100 «7 Son l, * ° 44 l u o bavage....44.
ciiau;; - -} fon'M*?-- 1 - 1610 *' aNt : '-V
200 u.u:r 5i :t "I M " X ' a "-' IW Union.... J*
700 CC&v'"-» i' ;H° lucclt1 uccltl "---07j.i«0 Ulan 07/
100 Conn.. - oli °*j-" *J««it«..'J7
F a°rd7e' e rda": ***" '"«!>« Pacific stock
fIOO AIPh fc .!roTlYA':^ 1 ° X a- , *»•**»
300 A1Pba... ..07|15j n,°"-" a, 7, ° phlr 86
BOOAndeiV....!. ! 7 5*it °i """" ■**£ „° D " lr 86
'-'OOAn.te-i 12 N .mp £*-* 87
hou Beichw ...... jj,, ".:„;••" -"-' N3
Mi) 24 MO nL -:, "OO 0vrmn.... 11
400 2. SW) L : ichr.""G : v! ,r° 10 *' 46
600 B&B 04 l«uu o _c." 44.JAS 0 4 »
400 65 100 .... "•:;- "-...-:.• 4 *
600 6b 160J lUHl'uBaS S » T *«»- j*
800 67 200 ... ji? i™ 43
900 Bnlllou._.li 600 ..." ' i /8 -,,*, **
600 Caleda.... U .000 Julia.*- 01 ffi Sb2_*oii
300 Cnilnge...4l *00 Justice o, Sui t v*^'"2S
100 40 100 Kentucky mo *' N " V »
800 ChoUar....9- 2400 LWaan. 01 100 H
1200 100 ilex ah 1000*8 "ft?
400 94 100..... 36 M StJnrt T?n
400 9:*. 200 toWw Un. 0I ?"-S4
600.... ....92 .iOO ...4160J cii 07
900 CC*V....V.05 500 37 10J V Juil"-oi
200 2. 07 W. 100 36-100 "..%
2900 .2.1 4,0 0ccd......07*.!0J «i
600 21/8 I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Feb. 20 . 3 ,c
n<i.jt*i.<<<.\ OmtAsam
AlPh. c0n.... 05 SI ■J "* - v*
Attn. 0* nst,C * - - 06
Andes. - li 13 Keninclt 01 13
Belcher 21 22l.Mexlcan 35 37
Beat <fe Belcher 61 t>2|\«-\*nrtaQnoex 14 _
Benton Con..- 16 20 North G A 0.. _ 30
Bullion 10 11 Otcideu.ai..... 07 08
Caledonia. "9 11 Ophlr hi 8S
Chollar 9>» 91 overman...... 10 v
Con.Cal.fcVa... 20) 2.05 1 Totosl 43 44
CiialleiiKd con. 37 38 savage. mi 41 42
Con. Imperial. 01 L' 2 Scorpion ...... 02 I*3
Confidence.... 94 — l***>eg. Belcher... 05 06
Con Mew Yor< — . 02 .-liver HiR,..;. 01 .2
Crown Point... 22 23 sierra Sevads. 35 27
KaatSlerraNev — 14 -tandard 1.70 1.75
tureka Con ._ — 40 syndicate. .... 02 < 3
Kichequer 03 04; L'nloucoa..... 34 35
iibtila curry. 40 4. titan 06 . I*7
HaifcOL^iorcr-1.10 1.16 Yellow ■*»«***« 26 2*l
Jackson — 26
STOCK ANO BOND EXCHANGE. "V
SATURDAY, Feb. 20-10:30 A.M. f
, LNITKD STATES BONDS.
Jitrt.A >'•'•<. But. A****,
C P conn. 112 — C b4are«...lou llOi/j
Do new issue 123 yJ
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbleßs. 112 — .Oak Uaa 55.. — 104
Cal Elec L 65126 13) IDo2d la 5a.. . 109 110 14
CntraC\V6s 95 87% omnibus 65.. 121841221^1
Dpni-stex-cp — niJP&O Ryfe. — 113
Ldsnl*fcP6sl2Bi&l29y2!p&Chßy 6s. — 1031 A
F&CH 65104 108 I'wl-st KR 61 114 119
Gearr-st Rss — 103% Reno, WLiL — 105
H 5 Vis. 103 — 1 Sacto P& L. — 100
LosAngLOs - 100 SF&:SPR6j_IOOeteVOI
DoGnteed 6s _ 101 |sPRRArizBs 81 xv —
BlKt-stCble63l22V 8 — bPRRCaId9. — lib
LoßyCon 0i1063/ 8 1003/4 SPRRCaIS3. — 100
NatVintfslst — 100 ii-PRrßCal6s. 973.1 98>A
NevC.NgK7s.lo3 105 ISVWater 6s. 120 1201,2
N* RyCal 100% — I-V Water 100 100:*- a
NRy Cal m. — 95 | .StktnUdcEdi — 10^ V 3
V AT Kit KTOCK*.
Contra Costa 35 41 itfprng Valley 17 8714
UarluCo..... - Ml |
SAS AND KLECTBIC -J TOCKS-
Capital. — 25 I Pacific Lleht 49 60
Central 98% — SFG&EIec. S»63i 97
M Elec Light 6 SS/s'^an Francsoo 2 2%
Oak ULA 11 — 64i |stOCklOn — 20
Pac oas Imp 90% 91i 3 |
I.VSIRA.N. PTO!
Flreman'sFdl77y a — (
COM JOCK. I a*. RANK sTDCKt.
Anglo-Ca1.... 61 63 I First Nation; 181 187
Bant CaL.237 242%!LondonP&A.l27*A —
CaISDATCoIL'B 110 jllerch Ex.... 12 —
(iAVIX.iI BANK KTOCKi.
GerSiLCo.. — 1600 ISav <fc loan.. - 105
HnmbS&L.llOO — Security 241 —
Mutual 33 — I Union Trust. 825 —
SF.-jav Union — . 475 |
STREET RAILROAD BTOCKS.
California.... 10, . — |Oat aUAtXmf _. 10*1
Geary-st — « 28L a - I'resldio 48,4 7%
Markei-at.... 4 4 <4%! .
- ■'*''' - . TO.-K.I.
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant Con.. 31-"v» 31%
California.... 80 llu iVigorit. .. - -»0c
Eastern D.... 75 85 | .*.* :*^.
Ml-l'- I.I.A.VEO'-I »rrKi
Alaska Pkrs. 103;/ 104 iN'atVinCo - vv*»
Cer Lend Co. Ml K.o ceanlcSSCo 24 27V-i
HawC«fcSCa. 16 16%! Pac Aux F A — 4
HutchSPco 24% :4%!PacßoraxCa - 85
MerExAssn.. — iiu ] Tart Fain — 1
SALES— MORNING SESSION. .
Board— -- \\i >•
81 AlasKa Packers' Association 103 60 1
•ISIOOO Edison Light A Power Bonds. 129 00 3
*2 000 S V 4% Bonds 100 20 1
l-lr«»» — . 1^
102 Alaska Packers' Association. 103 50 | w
$6000 Cali torn la-si Cable Bonds 112 fO •!
70 Oakland Gas. s 5 64 00 **, •
— > — m- — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
B F Hprr Aw, St Joe S F French, Chicago
J H Cumber, Chico J O Capelle, Ohio
J J Choate, Los Ang Mrs G LavensonJi.cn, Col
J J P.-rrln A w, Mich i; 1. Stephenson, Mich
P F Mohr, V V I.i N c. , valho. X \
T X -uicilffe, Sausalito D T Ames, N V
BARobinsoa,Clncinnatl WII Barrett, N V
Mra II Myer. Berlin B W Sleiiiman, Sacto
H O Wlnans. NY EC Simmons, st Louis
Miss LX Glenn, StLouis C C Sidney. Los Aug
C NY Fetert. Stanford C llemee, Stanford
Wti stowell. Belmont <■ 11 Pratt, Brooklyn
Miss N C Gibson, Cat v W Gibson. Stanford
C Cllman &w, St Louis W(J trisn on. Salt Lake
J S Waeder Jr.. Utah E X Kdrege Salt Lake
A II Stephens, Stanford J C Mozke, Stanford
G Richardson, Sanford (; y Klemberger, N«Y
G Sc:woze. Chattanooga II Lilienthal, N V
H T Polndexter. Cal \V M Mcintosh, Stanford
C A Kimball, DesMoines C R Perkins. Rodeo
W C Aeyton,BantaCruz Mrs c) mith, Cleveland
Mrs J F Howard. Ohio G Wright, Chicago
ir' G Heatb A million
;.:' 7 GRAND HOTEL.
G Adams, Utah T Flint <& wf, Sm Juan
B C Coppove, San Jose D Caspar, Elko
L M Bernard, Sacto M F .-paulding. Sacto
P E Ei.ers, Sacto G Wilson, Sacto
Dr Reynolds, Haywards NY D McLeod, Lodl
G Adams, Utah Mrs G Adams <£2cb,Uta_
Mrs J V Bernstein, Pa 1 Kohlberg, Siocxton
JT Walden, Fresno C X Lipman A wf, fcacto
J R Gallagher, Sebastopl F M LaFayette.Burlngm
v. Mullaney, Sacto L Everrting, Eureka
W X Reed, Bnrlingame W M Hesaey, Stockton
H A ParKer, Salinas S Sandi.o'dtifcw.Centervl
Miss Sanderholdt,Cntrvl H Griggs, Stanford
Miss I. Kodchen.Oakdle R D NorrisAwf, Los Ang
.1 C Ruddoc-;, Lxiah L Durham, Aiuioch
J Gannett, willows L J Toohy, MD, Willows
N\ D Inglish, Vacaville »N Andrews, Sacto
F II Go*, San Bernrdno Miss C Faris, S Bermdno
H H Hnslon. Tulare W J Montieth.twf.Pr Ind
J J Anderson, Sacto J \ Costa, wf &an, Jose
Miss tonraoii, Sau Jose W olln, Ml', Coqullle
E M Hoi ton, Burlington F Smith, Cal
▲ L Levlnsky, StocKton
RUSS HOUSE.
J B Overton, Nevada J L Jenkins <fe w.Sta Rosa
J C Turner, Red Bluff O O Rossland, Red Bluff
F D Eraser, Siskiyou B Ott & w, Missouri
F s Ott A w, Sacramento A L I.unce, Alamo
Chas Francis. Cal Fred Kratise, New York
C Reinbardt, Indiana W 11 Marshall. Kelsvvlle
J H Renfro. Kelse.vllle C E Kro?lici£, Carson City
-tins Olsen, Montana 1. Moreuinz. Stockton
J E Humphrey, Reno L F Pitt & w, Santa Cms «
J M Walling. Nevada Cty X A Bennett, Cal \
D Drlscoll, Cnl Miss it Nosier, i.regon M
B F Alien. Los Angeles W i I'ires.c w.Ceiiterv':le^
1' X Davis, Santa Rosa Mrs I- 11 Knapp, Seii-.il,}
Dr A Duncan. Sit L City L Cook, Por land
T II Madden, Butte Mis* N Petersen, Oregon
Chas Clayton, cen> ord Wm Beaton, Reno
Jas Baser, Reno • N . Fleming* w. 11l
J \V stone, Bnrlingame E H Ingnnm", Eugene. Or
H Finley, -ant. Rosa X C Crawford. Oakdale
J M McKenzie. Napa WW I Hints >n, Oakland
C W sanford A w, Coos J B Carmlchael, Nevada
Bay - H T Brown, seatile
\V Carter, Oregon Mrs W Nosier. Orejon
O L Nosier, Oregon
LICK HOUSE.
S C Smith, Bakerslield G B McCord, Hanford
Geo L Alexander, >al Jas W Winters,Bakersfld
J o Voslury, Menlo Ik M a Shipper, Kiitte
J J Luchinger, Vallejo k c Damon. Port Kenyon
H M McPherson.Pt Ken F X Thomas, tal
8 Beu-pe. Sebastopol X E < ole, >eb»«topol
s M Buck, Eureka Ilv Elcuhoff, San Rafael
Mrs J Levy A fy. Half- E H Adams. N V
moo i Bay Fdw Fis!ier«K***,Yaciville
Jno 1) Deaht, Cal F St J fox. Maniord
.Ino E -eilve, Cal W c lie -.. 11l
J I. Labaree, Davisville F B Xli gtoa, Santa Clara
W D Grady, Chi . Mrs Osc.irTowland.Cngo
Geo X Bishop. Chicago P D Emery*. Sa<*to
GeoHTaylor«fes,Modesio.B C Co*. Alaska
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
D H Wolfeubeiger&w, Paj O Wolfenberger. Pa
J 0 Barron «few, San Jose Rev V Asui'.era, - LOb
S Flynu. Los Ange es J A Bacon Jt w, fr sno
H A Alford&w.BU m field E 3 . c.son, >»n Diego
J D Peterson, san Diego X r menor.Aw.S Diego
C Bonner, .Monterey N Can. <* * « , Idaho
W A Lee. Or - JN Do«me, Or
Mrs P E Page, Or ' Mrs Julia an, Mont
Mrs A Phillips, Mont W Barber, btOCSIOQ
Mr Gardner Aw. Nev Cty J 11 Doru A «, Chicago
P D Sherman. Chicago R T Mowen. N V
OYe es. Kansas Cty : P Yates, ant
JOrlnnd A w, Carson Cty .; T Piedmont, (.arson C
NEW WESTERN Hoi EL.
T Mtchol, San Rafael r 0 Gellng. N t
W Delea:i«*v. US Oregon J Hun I" S S Oregon
J F Potter A w. NY JBaiUr.NY .
H Duffe -. POT.on Mi's A Delaney. Chicago
It E I hornton, Cl icago E E Jo;,es. Chicago I
X H Warfield, NY' h Slettebok. Minn ■•»
Emll Pott. N V i cole, Menlo Park I
Mrs a(. httsteson. Cal J Yleslng, Ailzona ™
C F Schijlz Benicla S W Pit oae, s»lIo
> Baldwin HOTEL.
S W Newell, Stockton H M Morris, Chicago
; Mrs F Grove- Stockton F O Henber, Ohio
J E Colby. Chicago J M Irwlu. 11l
O C Fret- man, Fresno J W Lanugan * Den«
W ght. Ohio W D Davis, \ \'
E TW i. mar S Mo ° X H °SB * m Mont
s J Martin. San Jose F M. .(••»■ ihoupt < hie****
Dr «•- G Case. 1 kii«h Mrs F D Earl V V
Mrs U C Wemple, NY W c Arnold, X VTHE BARONESS
TO LEAVE TOWN
Her Patent of Nobility Will
Not Keep Her Out
of Jail.
Final Chapter in the History
ot Baron Baroteau's -
Ex- Wife.
A Scene of R velry End.d With the
Nob.c Laiy B.ing Put in
a Cc:!.
. Oakland Office Bam Fraxcisco Call,!
90S Bioadway. Feb. 20. )
baroness Baroteau, the divorc d wife of
Baron Baroteau, has been ordered to leave
. Oakland, and if sbe does not obey a term
of imprisonment in the City Jail awaits
her. ,
Mrs. Baroteau, who by reason of her
marriage with the romantic gentleman i
who is heir to the Chateau Baroteau, near ;
Nice, acquired much notoriety, has tig- j
ured in many sensational incidents in
this city.
They hare finally ended by her being
arrested, and on her promise to go 10
g i-aasta County sbe will be released. A
I few months ago she filed a sensational
V divorce suit against the Baron and ac
cused him of all kinds of uneallant acts.
She alleged that on their wedding day,
while dining at '.he Hotel Vendome, in
San Jose, the Baron was guilty of flirting
with a young French lady who was a
guest at the hotel. any other allega
tions were mc. tided in the complaint,
• in which pistols, crockery, cruelty and
.whisky figured conspicuously.
The Baron filed a cross complaint, but
■ did not care to prosecute it, and tne de
cree was awarded "to the Baroness. The
origin of the trouble between the
Baroteaus was Dr. Junius L. Hatch, who
used to write poetry and letters to the
Baroness contrary to the desires of her hus
band. It ended by the Baron having
Hatch arrested, but on bis promise not to
visit the lady any more Hatch was set
free.
After this the Baron apparently helped
his wife to quickly get ria of her fortune,
tor when they were married she had
$25,000, and when she was divorced she
had a littie home with a mortgage on it.
Since the divorce Mrs. Baroteau has fre
quently been heard from. Abjut three
months ago she made an attempt to have
■ it appear that she was the wife of a young
man named Troy. 'Mr. Troy is about one
third the lady's age, and indignantly de
nied that he was the husband of the Bar
oness.
Last nizbt there was a scene of revelry
at the house of the Baroness, the sound of
a pistol was heard, and there was much
shoutin . As the Baroness was the one
least abie to explain tbe matter, she was
taken to the City Pr son, and wiil be re
leased under tie term- already stated.
■ •
MONDAY'S PROGRAMME.
How Washington* birthday Will Be
Observed in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 2a— long pro- I
gramme of events has been prepared for!
Washington's Birthday. In the morning i
the grand parade will take place, the lull i
details of which appeared in to-day's Call. '
At the high school the c ass of '97 will j
plant a young walnut tree grown by Cap
tain Shorey from a seed taken from Wash
ington's grave.
Company D, First Regiment Boys'
Brigade, will have a flag-raising at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church in the
afternoon.
. The Piute Indians and the Heeseman3
baseball clubs will meet at Golden Gate
Park, North Oakland, at 2 o'ciock.
The Henry Clay Debating Society has ' '
arranged an entertainment at Y. M. C. A. !
Hall in the evening.
.' The Exempt F.reman's Association of I
Oakland will eve its second annual ball |
at Geomania Hall on Monday night.
Unity Chapter, O. E. 6., will give a j
Martha Washington party in Fraternal i
HalL
The Woman's Republican Club of Oak- ;
' land, of which Mrs. Alice Wells is presi- *
dent, will tender a banquet to Captain
Thomas, the Republican nominee for
' Mayor, in the evening, provided that gen
tleman is sufficiently recovered to be pres-
e nt.
The councils of the Young Men's Insti
tute in Oakland will observe the birthday
of George Washington by a grand enter
tainment in the Exposition building Mon
day night.
There will be a special matinee perform- i
ance of the historic war drama, the "Blue I
and Gray," at the OaKiand Theater.
Football Game Off.
• -OAKLAND Cal., Feb. 20.— Governor !
Coates of the British Colony of Loomis, j
. Cal., telegraphed yesterday canceling the j
game between the Oakland Football Asso
ciation and the Colony for the 21st and
.' 22d inst., on account of the condition of
. the roads ln the country, which prohibits
. a large attendance. The Coiony Club has
' been to considerable expense in prepara
*• tion, and will lose it all.
At the Stacdonough,
J OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— Sousa's
1 band will be the attraction at the Mac-
Vdonough Theater on Tuesday night, and
* Louis James will present on Thursday
night "Spariacus." "Cbimmie Fadden"
■ comes Monday and Tuesday, March 1
and 2. The sale of seats for Sousa's con
cert is very large.
— . » ♦ « —
FOR CITY ATTORNEY.
The Office of City Attorney Is, With
out Doubt. One of tho Most Import
ant Positions In tho Government of
***. City.
Attorney T. F. Garrity, who has been
named by the Democrats for this posi
tion, is indeed one of the most formidable
opponents that the Democrats have se
lected on their tickets in the coming fight.
The reputation of Mr. Garrity as an attor
ney of rare ability is too well and favor
tiby known to require commendation.
Mr. Garrity is but 33 years of age, and
.although comparatively a young man
has figured in some of the most famous
lawsuits during the past decade. This
practice has extended to all branches of
the law, and be has proven himself equal
ly as competent in one court as in an
other.
He has shown a rare ability as a
criminal attorney, and bas the distinction
of never yet having lost a case in which
he has figured as counsel.
Mr. Garrity nas also had a practice
equally as extensive in the evil courts,
(and in short, the handling of all his cases
;of law have been marked by a rare ability
which only accompanies learning and
« enius. In 1895 he was persuaded by the
•Democratic convention to enter in the
• rare for Superior Judge of the County of
Alameda, and although defeated by a
email majority, bears the honor of receiv
ing the largest vote ever cast In Alameda
County for a public official, which has
.been put down in the annals of the county
as the most famous run made by any
candidate.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SKILLFUL COIN
SWEATERS CAUGHT
All 'jtf Evidence of Their
Crimes Was in Their
Rocms.
Their Strange . Doings A traded
the Attention of Their
Neighbors.
Alw.iys Pi.d for Their Purchase
With Cons That Were
Debased.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call, 1
908 Broadway, Feb. 20. )
" S. R. Dickie, one of the most skillful
coin-sweaters in the United States accord
in**: to Secret Service Detective Harris, wa
arrested this morning along with his com
panion, a man who gives the name ot F.
Blite. Their paraphernalia was also se
cured in the upper story of a house which
they used lor their headquarters.
When arrested Dickie had nine $5 gold
F. BLITE.
The Two Men Arrested in Oakland Yesterday Who Made a
Living by Eebasing Uncle Sam's Gold Coin.
pieces in his pocket, every one of which
had been sweated to the extent of depre
ciating their commercial value about 50
cents. The men were taken before Justice
Clift, and their case was continued till
next Wednesday, with bail fixed at $5000.
The house at Filth and Franklin streets
belongs to D. Hougham, and it was the
owner that cave the officers the informa
tion leading to the arrest.
•'When I returned from my work about
two weeks ago," said Hougham, "my wife
told me that she had rented the two rooms
upstairs to two men. Next day when I
returned she told me tbat the new lodgers
were cooking something that had a bad
odor. I went up-tmrs and asked what
they were doing. D ckte sai they were
cooking some stuff tnat tney sold to pho
tographers. I paid no more attention to
the matter for a few days, when the stench
became unbearable, and I notified the
men that they would have to stop cooking
their stuff in the house, but that they
could use the back porch for th» purpose.
•Two or three days after that I was
talking to Mr-. Thomas White, who keeps
a grocery-store, and she asKed me what
kimt oi men my boarders were. I said 1
didn't know, and she said that one was a
sneaktbief, as he had stolen a side of
bacon from her, and every time he bought
any little article he paid for it in gold.
On looking at the com she had receive!
from the men I saw at once that it bad
be: a eaten with acid. I communicated
with the chief and later saw Detective
Harris and he put a man on the case."
The men have been in Oakland or about
seven weeks and bought all their acids at
Osgood's drugstore. Last week they tried
to sell some of the gold to a pawnbroker
on Seventh street, but they wrangled over
the price and the sale was not made.
Detective Harris is satisfied that these
two men have heen engaged in this busi
ness and have succeeded in eluding arrest
for six years. They were heard from in
San Francisco about six years ago. but
since that time the detectives have lost
track of them.
NEWSPAPER BURNED OUT
Plant of the Berkeley Gazette
Destroyed by Fire Yester
day Morning.
At One True the Standard Soap
Company's Works Were Also
in Serious Danger.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The print
ing establishment of the Berkeley Daily
Gazette was destroyed by fire eariy this
morning, the loss being estimated at $15,
--000. The property was insured for $7000.
The fire broke out at a few minutes
after midnight, when, as far as is known,
no one was in the building, and no one
had been there for some hours. Louis
Borkheim, a brother of Samuel P. Bork
heim, owner of the building and contents,
was at work up to a quarter past 8 in the
I evening, when he closed up the building.
The flames were discovered by Daniel
E. Dowling, foreman of the Standard
Soap Company, who resides near where
the Gazette plant was located. Dowling
J fought the fire single-handed for some
| time, but it gained headway and soon
j spread beyond control.
The nearest fire hydrant is about two
blocks from the scene of the conflagration
and the Beacon Fire Company was not
abie to quell the flames. Ths building
was burned to the ground, a large quan
tity of type was melted, and five presses
besides a good deal of other machinery'
were spoiled by the heat.
Tue building and printing material were
the property of Samue. P. Borkheim. The
Paper is owned by Borkheim and John O.
Hanscora, the former * being business
manager and the latter editor. It has been
I established about two years and is the
I town official paper. Tbe use of the Advo
! cate presses and other material were ten
dered to the Gazette to-day, so tha t not an
issue was missed.
The dwelling of Alfred G. Newman a
j teamster of the Standard Soap Company
| was bad. y scorched by the flames, but t,,e
j firemen succeeded in preventing it from
catching fire. It was leared for a time
I that the conflagration would spread to the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
factory of the Standard Soap Company,
which has a very large establishment at
West Berkeley.
e**e\Y Reservoir
BERKELEY. Cal.. Feb. 20.— The Ala
me a Water Company has dcci led to
build a new reservoir on the hills of Berke
ley to .dd to the supply of water for the
t'vrn. It wi : l be located on the Fish
Ranch road, 1100 feet above sea level, and
will have a capacity of 30,000,000 gallons.
The water for the r< servoir is io be se
cured by a tunnel "JOGO feet in length near
toe summit of the mountain. Artesian
wells are also to be sunk by the company
in the vicinity of other reservoirs to add
to tne RUpplv.
The new reservoir will be modeled and
constructed after the plun of tne one at
Bern man, with nprapped sides and .e
--nieiit ootioiii.
• un mil of Mr. 1 aimer.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The fu
neral of the late J. H. T. Palmer was held
this afternoon from his late residence on
Piedmont way. The services were con
uucted l> v* the Rev. Dr. McLean of Oak
land and the Rev. George B. Hatch of
Berkeley, and an address of eulogy was
also delivered by Professor Thomas R.
Bacon of the university. Tiic pall-bearers
were Presidenl K-diOktj*-, Piofes or Rising,
Dr. Warring Wilkinson, Dr. W. C. Bart
iett, Juice Garber, M H. Easton and Levi
Kellogg.
llusehnll Games. '
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— The base
ball contest between the Juniors of
the university and the Dental College
will be played on the campus next Mon
day aiternoon. On Saturday a game will
be played between California and the
O.ympic Club of Ban Francisco.
Services l'o-Dsy,
BIRKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 20.— Professor
E-i ward A. Griggs of Stanford University
will preach in the Unitaran church to
morrow morning on "Spiritual Perfec-
5. R. DICKIE.
tion." Dr. W. P. Alger, the new pastor
of t c church, is expected to arrive in
time to conduct the services. At St.
Mark's Church in the evening Professor
Bailey will deliver his fourth lecture on
"Social Aspects of Christianity." " He will
discuss Christian unity. Mis-* Carrie Bates
wiil lecture on "India" at 3 p. m. in Trin
ity Church.
Longfellow Association.
BERKELEY, Cal, Feb. 20.-The Long
fellow Memorial A social ion will meet
next Tuesday evening at the residence of
Mrs. Hugh Dobbins, 2228 Chapel s.reet.
Dr. W. C. Bartiett will read a paper on
"Personal Reniini cences of Chief Justice
Chase."
VALLEY EOAD TERMINUS.
iierchants and Offlc alt All Wanted It
Located in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. There was a
conference to-day betweeu J. L. Davie,
President Mott of the City Council, Presi
dent J. P. Taylor of the Roan of Trade,
PresiaentW. V. Witcherof the Merchants'
Exchange and Chairman Talcott of the
Supeivitors, in the Mayor's office, to dis
cuss the possibility of inducing im' Valiey
road to locate a terminus in Oakland. Al
ter some discussion the loliow ing letter
was prepared and immediately forwarded:
Board of Directors, San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railroad Company — Gentlemen:
Tne committee appointed by the Tenants'
change and Board of Trade of the city of
Oakland lor the purpose of devising wars and
meant to secure for O kland the terminus of
the San Franci-cn and San Jo yum Railro-d,
at a meeting he d Saturday, iebruary 20,
1897, and composed of the following-named
gentlemen: J. L. Davie, Mayor of the city of
UrtklauJ; J. P. Taylor, president ol the Bourn
of Trade; W. V. W.tcher, president Merchants'
Exchange; J. R. Talcott, chairm.n of the
Board of Supervisors, and F. K. Mott,
president of the Oakland City Council—
considered the proposition and beg to re
quest of your board ot directors infor
mation regarding the possibility oi having the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road extend its lines to Oakland at this time
and under what conditions such an cud cou.d
be accomnlisned.
The citizens of Oakland, we feel, will do any
thing within reasonable bounds to further the
projector inducing your company in ex.end
ing lis railroau into Oakland.
Should the objects of this committee meet
with the approval of your board of directors,
we would respectfully request that you ap
point a time for the purpose of comerence
with this committee.
Respectfully, J. L. Davie, W. V. Wl toiler, J.
P. Taylor, F. K. Mott, J. R. Talcott, committee.
SALISBURY WANTED.
I Sheriffs of Two Counties Cannot Find
i the Horseman.
| OAKLAND, Cat,., Feb. 20.— Monroe
1 Salisbury, the Pleasanton stockfarm owner,
' cannot be found by bis creditors who are
I now eking to have him declared an in
| solvent debtor. They hied a petition in
court to-day alleging that Salsbury's dis
appearance is intentional, and wholly lor
the purpose of av< iding the citations
which they are anxious to serve on him.
In the affidavit tiled by Collector John
Stewart be recites his miseries at great
length. He says that he learned tbat Sals
bury was in Placerville, but ttie Sheriff
was unable to loc ite him and sent word
that be was in San Franci«co. No ess
tban ten times, says the affidavit, officers
in all manner of disguises have called at
the Salsbury home on California street,
but on every occasion Mrs. Salsbury or the
servant who answered the call were en
tirely innocent of any knowiedea of the
whereabouts of Mr. • Salsbury. Several
trios to the Pleasanton ranch produced no
more satisfactory results, and his attor
neys were also unable to give Mr. Stewart
the information which would enable him
tounloal all bis citations upon the un
lucky horseman.
Upon hearing th** affidavit Judge Hall
ordered that the citation be served by pub
lication. r -£H£HMHRHB9S
It. «T. Buyer for Councilman.
Oneof the most popular candidates on
the Republican ticket and a citizen of
the city of Oakland, whose many ster
ling abilities and extensive bnsiness
interests make him an individual emi
nently befitting the office of a public trust,
is R. J. Boyer, the regular Republican
nominee for Councilman of the Fourth
Ward. Mr. Bover has resided in Oakland
for the last twenty-dx veer-. He is at
present engaeed in the wholesale and re
tai tobacco business. Besides being a di
rector of the Merchants' Exchange and
the Republican Alliance he is a member
of the Good Roa Is Association', the Board I
of Trade of Oakland and the Re.iunce and ■
Acme ath.etic clubs.
In the nomination of Mr. Boyer the Re
publicans have probably the strongest
representative on their whole ticket. •
A TRUSTEE STOPS
THE POLE-RAISING
Serious Clash of Authority
at the Eighth-Avenue
M. E. Church.
The F'agstaff Will Be Erected
Monday, Even if Force
Be Used.
Boys' Brigade Sustained by Their
Pastor Will Ask Trustee Wat
son to Explain.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9 jS Broauway, Feb. 20. )
There was a serious disturbance at the
Eighth-avenue H. E. Church this after
noon. The pastor, Dr. S. J. Carroll, and
Trustee Watson take different views ol '
the matter, and the Boys' Brigade declare
that if they ate again stopped Monday
morning from erecting their flagpole on
tue church there will be trouble.
The ''flag-raising," which is to be held
at the church next Monday afternoon, has
caused one official member of the church
to rise up in his wrath and order the work
on the church building stopped. The boys
realized from the first that there would be
some trouble, and as a result of this
knowledge they proceeded very cautiously.
The matter was brought un before the
pastor, Key. S. J. Carroll, D.D., who |
heartily aj proved of the scheme; then it j
was taken to the official board and tney
passed on the scheme and appointed
Hugh M. Cameron, C. C. Lombard and
Genre Adams as a committee, with full
power to act.
This committee conferred with the brig
ade committee, consisting oi Lieutenant
M. D. Bird, Sergeant H. A. Woodcock
and Sergeant G. C. Bird, and the two com
mit, ees agreed upon where and how the
pole should b put up.
lt was decided to erect the pole on the |
rear gable ol the cbu.ch, which is one of !
the highest gables on the budding.
Everything being satisfactory, the
church committee gave the brigade com
mittee power to act and they went ahead '
and had tbe pole made.
The committee had some trouble in ;
getting a man to undertake the job 01
tutting up ihe pole. They finally 86. ured
Mr. Dixon oi East Oakland to do the job
for a stated amount. Mr. Dixon agreeing '
to have every, m shape Dy Saturday I
i evening. According to his agreement he •
ffu> on hand at I o'c.oek to-day with two
men. lie had p.o.ressed with the work i
as far us ending. the scaffold and getting
things in shape when J. W. Watson, a i
tru-iee of the church, came along and
ordered the men to stop wo.k.
Mr. Watson was so peremptory that he
finally induced the men to stop work, !
. baying he was a trustee of the church and j
, had authority.
"The result of the whole .affair Is that ■
| there is trouble ahead for Wat-on," said i
a brigade officer 10-n ght. "Ii costs money '
to gel men io put ut-'lLigpofes and some one
must pay lor it. The brigade committee
refuse to pay lor the work already done or
if they do tbey wiil sue Watson."
Lieutenant Biid saw Dr. Carroll this
afternoon and he said be d d not bee what
right Watson had to inter ah tbe com
mittee had full power to act. He said
that maybe Watson thought because De
was a trustee mat he had authority.
Dr. Carroll is with the boys and so are
the majority of the church.
Tue boys declare tbat they have had to
suffer before because Mr. \\ at-on does
not approve of their organization, but '
th.a time they are in for business and j
assert that Mr. Watson will have to ac
count tor his action.
Tins rumpus wi.l not interfere with tbe ,
exercises, as the committee says it will j
nave the pole put up Monday morning if
they have to do it by lorce. The pastor
' and church are with the boys and this j
encourages them.
The arraneements are almost completed I
for the exercises. The programme will be
rendered in tne auditorium of the church. j
Rev. Dr. bcudder, i resident of the Second |
Reg. ment, Boys' Brigade, will act as j
cm* man of the occasion.
Mr-. Minnie KempKey Henderson will i
sing "Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean." j
Miss Mabel Walker will al o favor, the
audience with a patriotic solo. '■
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., and Rev. S. J.
Carro J, D.D., will deliver addresses. '
The exeici-es will conclude with the rais- \
ing of ti.e Sag outside, where some new
features will De introduced.
Hysteric, lv a Hotel.
OAKLAND. I al., Feb. 20.— Mrs. H. S.
Clement, who registered at the Galindo
Hotel about ten days ago. was found run
ning around the hall this morning set cam
BiiiiiiSiiiS ..... fefeC^>^3^^ < ■-••'■■■ - 'i:' ' ''y*>^^ijW!l!lM
I -=1S THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- I
I OR.— __ *
I QHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
|| n Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and ft
# Kidney Complaints, Lumbago, IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, I
ll Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and
Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings! * 2
•' ; H'" Boils, Sores. Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! f
H Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to 8
§ name here., The most skeptical are convinced after trial.
I Skin Diseases, Price, Itching and $ LOO Per Bottle. too numerous to §
name here., The most skeptical are convinced after trial. $fe
8
Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. 1
|| For sale by all druggist?. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisca 9
j£ . L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacinc Coast, San Jose, CaL , £
•##*S*M#*-t*M*M*tM^
i . . - ■-■■ . .■■'.■ ■ *
ing violently and partly undre sea. The
patrol wagon was sent for, but some of
the guests thought that if tne lady could
be induced to stay in her reom she might
get over her fit of hysterics. She is not
Known to have any lends, but imagines
t at her father is on the roof of the hotel
with a band of negro bandits and she
wisnes to re-cue him before he is thrown
to the ground.
ONLY ONE WHITE.
Arrested Because He Could Not Be Two
'■ , People. •
OAKLAND, Cal, Feb. 20.— 1. M. White
was Wishing to-day that ne was two per
sons instead of one, for he was placet in
such a peculiar situation that only by
such a double existence could he fulfill
the requirements of the law.
\Vhite is at present serving as a term
juror in the Superior Court, and he was
walking toward Judge Greene's court
yesterday, when he was met by Constable
Weidler, who was then starching for a
jury. He subpenaed White and nothing
more was ttiouuht of the case until this
morning, when White's name was called
in Judge Ciift's court. As he did not re
spond, a bench warrant was issued an 1 a
few hours later White was arrested and
taken to the County Jail.
He toid his tale to the jailers and it was
reported to the District Attorney, and he
was shortly afterward purged of contempt.
Rev val Near the Close.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 20.— The revival
at tbe First Presbyterian Ci urch being
conducted by the -known evangelist.
Dr. Munhali, will conclude next Tuesday
evening. To-morrow afternoon there will
be an everybody's meeting at the Presby
terian Church. .On Monday evening Dr.
Munhali will speak on "Daneine, Card
playin.* and Tneater-goine," and Tuesday
night 'here will be a farewell praise meet
ing. Wednes lay the local Y. M. C. A.
will celebrate its anniversary, and in the
• veiling Dr. Munhali will deliver an ad
dress to young men in the Presbyterian
Church. The evangelist and Protessor
Burch will next conduct a revival in Ala
meda.
IVoolsey -ura the Kailroad.
OAKLAND, c A 1., Feb. 20.— Dr. E. H.
Woolsey has biougnt suit against the
Southern Pacific Company for $600 for
service-- rendered as medical expert prior
to he lime that bis connection with the
railroad as surgeon ceased.
The Sl>„rej- Uecltal.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 20.— Miss Eva
Stiorey will give a song recital at the First
If, E. Church next Thursday evening*
She will be assisted by Miss BeUe Cham
berlain, Giulio Minetti and Willis E.
Bac el ler.
WARDEN H VENS RESIGNS
! Tried to Unite the Episcopa
Churches of St. John's and
St Paul's.
The Schcm F lied and St John's
Will Rebuild as Soon as
Possible.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 20. f
Senior Warden C. D. Havens, who for
J thirty years has been connected with St.
I John's Episcopal Church, has resigned
| because he cannot bring about a consoli
dation between St. Paul's and St. John's.
For thirty years Trustee Havens has
been one of the most influential members
of the congregation, and since the death
of General Kirkham has been senior war
den, which i-i the office of most responsi
bility on the church board.
His loss to the church will be a great
one, and although asked to reconsider his
ac ion be has declined to do so, but he has
intimated that be will remain a member
of the congregation.
A circular was is ued to-day to tie mem
! bers of St. John's, stating that all nego
tiations tending to a union of the two
churches were off, and that St. John's will
build a handsome edifice in a central loca
tion. Ever since old St. John's was
burned efforts have been made to consoli
date the two churches. St. John's was
first approached with a proposition that
both churches should disincorporate and
a new boiv be formed. St. John's de
: clined this for several reasons. It is the
! Oldest Episcopal church in the county,
j and it has a lund held in trust which i
could not be transferred to any other cor
poration, and woul i revert to the estate
of the donor in case St. John's as a parish
went out of existence.
St. Paul's required, in case of a consoli
dation ti.at the new church, which would
be built, should be erected on their lot at
Fourteenth and Harrison streets, and that
both ve-tries and rector should re ign and
a new board and pastor be chosen, and
a'so that as St. Paul's memoers, by unit
ing with St. John's, could not, according
to church law, vote on any question until *
sixty days alter enrollment, nothing
• hould be done by the new church requir
ing a vote of the congregation until the
expiration of that tim .
This was considered too much to yield
by St. Jon n's. Last Monday a circular
was issued containing certain proposi
j tions, whic'i. were to be mailed to every
I member of the respective congregations.
Just when cv rythin * was ready for
; taking this postal vo:e, St. Paul's brought
, forward the dem;tnd that the new church
Auction Sales
MUSIC. CORSETS.
BANKRUPT STOCK.
SEALED BIDS ARE INVITED FOR THE EN-
tire stock of music, musical Instruments, cor-
sets, fixtures, etc., of ihe Pacific Music Company,
insolvent, at 816 Market sireet. .bids maybe
made for the whole sock or for the musical de-
partment separately from the stock of corsets,
etc., and from the fixtures. nveutory of the
above stock on tile at ibo office of assignee's at-
torney, W. M. Wi.letr Esq, ••.! la' build! g, where
all bids must be left an I where .hey wil be opened
TUE'D.w, February 23, at 4 o'clock p. it. As-
-7)*!..'- reserves Uie right to rej»ct any and a 1 bids.
Terms: lush on conflrmanon of sale by ihe
court; t-oojs to be removed immediately there-
afi r. \V. P. \. l's.\ I' », Assignee.-
be built on iheir properiy. As their lot is a
long way east of Broadway and as the de
sire of St John's is to rebuild in some
central location, the voting circular was
uihdrawn and to-day a new one sent out
in its place. HBMS9?SB
A meeting of St. John's congregation
wi 1 be heid shortly, when the whole mat
ter will be discussed and plans decided
tiro l for tbe future. It is not Known
whether they will sel tneir large lot at
Eighth and Grove and build further north
or not, but this will probably be the desire
of the majority.
LADY, SHOOT THAT HAT.
Substance of a i cqiest Made to
Owners o! Large Head
gear.
A ameda Was Somewhat Surprised
by an Innovation Which Pro
vided for Baiter Vision.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— Much
money and time were placed upon the
production of* "The O.d Red School
house" by the Young Men's Club of the
Presbyterian Church at Ltndermann's
last evening and to-night. The proceeds
will pn. bably pay the expenses, but leave j
a very small margin for the churcu.
"The management earnestly requests |
ladi s whose hats are of dimensions likely j
to obstruct the view 10 remove their bats I
while in the theater, as those seated back
of them are entitled to an unobstructed
view of the stage." This was the notice
in fuli-iace type on the lront of the pro
gramme that greeted each one present. It
created considerab.e comment, as it was
the first thing of the kind ever occurring
here. Those taking part were the follow
ing: pS§| SOI
Mrs. J. Fox, Mrs. G. Ames, Mrs. P. Poyzer.
W. Sykes, G. A. Bordwe.l, Mr. ( ortelyou, Miss
Trethaway, Hugohorbar, Mrs. E. Maillot, John
V. Baira, Mis B. Getty, George Hani, Mrs. V. I
Syke*. Mr. J.J. Boyle, Mrs. G. A. Bordwell, *
Miss Sutherland, P. GlUsmmi, R. Downs, .
George Kenuer, Miss Constance Pollard,
Miss Ethel Downs, Miss Belie Garretle, Miss
Ouida Getty, W. Uug..es, Ed Tabor, A. J. !
Burner, Miss A. Hand B. Burrell, Mr.i. H. R. j
Tay. or, Mrs. starkweather, J. Ives, Mrs. A. J. '
Burgner,' Miss Zimtnermann. Mrs. rte you, j
A. juehnemau. E. K. Howe Jr., Miss Amy Hum, 1
U. c-trachan, U. Zimmermann, L. McUlauhin, \
F. Graham, Mrs. V. Hand.
■ ative • aughier*' Masquerade.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— Armory !
Han v. as me scene of gay festivities to
night, i b -ing the annual masquerade 01
Alameda Parlor No. IS, N. D. G. W. The
attendance was large und tne costuming
elaborate. The committee of arrange
ments consisted of Mrs. H. Tansul, Mrs.
M. Ives, Miss Sophie Frink. Miss Mar
guerite James and Miss Julia Ho. -.in:
floor committee — Miss A. Sctiuman, Miss
M. James, Miss W. eal and, H. Tansul,
Peter Smith and Max Gundlacb. John
F. Hanson served in the capacity of floor
manager. *
Initiative and Referendum.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 20.— The Po
litical Equality Cud has secured John
Marble ot San Francisco, who will talk on
the "Practical Use of the Initiative and
R-lerendum in This Country" on Monday
evening next, February 22, at Eureka
Hall, Masonic but. ding. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all to De present.
Alice-Street Br dge Closed.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 20.— The Alice
street bridge will be repaired next week,
and during part of the time it will De im
passable. The broad-gauge locals will ran
from Mastick station 10 Fuitvale during
the days that the bridge is closed to tinfflc,
transferring passengers to the Oakland
Seventh-street local. ;.>.
BERKELEY WATER RATES.
The .---abject Provokes Animated Die
cußslon— Fr«)*T. Randall's Charge.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20.— Nearly
three hours were suent by the Town Trus
tees and the representatives of the Ala
meda Water Company in discussion of the
knotty question of water rates. The meet
ing bet*an with a series of questions by
Piestdent Richards and ended in a long
and complicated wrangle about the com
pany's books, investments and profits.
The moot i oints became so numerous
and involved that the real .question of
water ra es for the coming year was not
SPECIAL AAAOIiMEMEXT!
N otice la hereby given that on
TUESDAY. Fill. 23, 1*97,-
At Chas. Levy & Co.'s Auction Ware-
room*. 1 38 .Hark I St., "Bet. 7 id 8,
Comm.-neing at lo o'cl c< a m., here wiil bo sold
THE SII'EKI it FU .M IK.,
Rich J'arior Cpholsierv, Ma c. Mirror, '• ngrav-
Ings, • 2501 yards o- nearly new Body Bru!-S»l3
Carpe s. Lice > ur.ains, etc.. c c of sixty rooms
rem ye.l from Sutter si. for convenien c of sa.e.
lull purtfeu.ais in Tuesday's papers.
CHAS. LEVY & > O, Auctioneers.
AS MM SALE.
Notice is hereby given that on
Wednesday, ihe »4th Uay of Febru-
ary. 18*7.
At 10 o'clock a. m.. we will sell
I ho Hotel Known aw th- -New Washing-
ton, .'{4B < our . h stree..
Comprising 120 Furnished Boon's, Barroom,
Dining-room and Kiti-nen. The at.ove will be oi-
fe ed as a whole or in small lots, to suit pur-
chasers, home open for inspection up to dale
of sale. House in full runnin- or tr.
CHA-. L VY * CO.. Anctoneers.
reached, the entire t me being occupied by
explanations' of how much capita! had
been invested by the stockholders of the
water company and how great returns
they have received.
The proceedings were enlivened by sev
eral lively pas-ages between the disput
ants. Professor Randall of the university
charged favoritism in the fixing of rates
to different consumers by ihe company,
but declined to give names.
"1 don't think that is a fair way to attack
a company," said Attorney McGraw, "and
I don't think the board should listen to
charges from people who are too cowardly
to back them up." ; '
Tne attorney was promptly called to
order by Professor Jones, who occupied
the chair, and Professor Randall asked
for an investigation.
The water company was represented by
Snp-rintendent Weliendorff, Attorneys
Mi w and Wagn r and its chief book
keeper, E. M. Cooper. Questions **ere
asked by W. S. Sanborn, Professor Ran
dall and all of the Trustees.
West Berkeley's need of water was then
considered. The company outlined a
plan for laying mains to supply the West
End and promised to carry it into effect
immediately. Trustee Hoff recalled the
unfulfilled promises of la-t year and de
clared that he was not disposed to be in
fluenced by p'edges again.
J. H. T. Watktnson appeared fcr the
Contra Costa Water Company arid dis
cussed the supplying of " additional
Hydrants for South Berkeley.
Fine Time at I.orin
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 20 —The enter
tain me it given by tne Y. P. S. C. E. of
Lorin Park Congregational Churcn was a
decided -success. In spite of the weather
the hall was crowded. The programme
consisted of dialogues, recitations and
songs. The quartet sang and was loudly
applauded. Tweive little girls in white
appeared in the bell drill,. which was a
special feature of the evening. The pro
gramme ended with a «hadow pantomime
which was very fine. The proceeds of tho
entertainment will go towards the '97
fond. ' • '■■ ;Vi)\P:
.» FTC TO-DAT"
A Wonderful Medicine
J? pills ™«
/or Bilious and Nervous dlsoruers.such as Wind
and Pain ln the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ol
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, Ac, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
i THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
! MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
j earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIA.H'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening tho
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keenedgo of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the wholo physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to tho Nervoua and Debili-
tated 13 that Beecham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patens medicine
La the World-
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
250. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by TJ.fIL
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
Sork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
tree upon application.
1516
SHE WAS KISSED
BY A CHINAMAN
Mrs. H. B. Holmes Perse
cuted for Weeks by
Ah Jim.
Every Morning H3 Met Her and
Bestowed a Kiss on Her
Cheek.
She Finally Complained to the Police
and He Was Arrested Yester
day Morning.
Ah Jim, a repulsive-looking Chinese,
about 45 years of age, has earned the dis
tinction of being a kisser, and his amorous
propensity will likely land him in the
County Jail.
He was arrested yesterday morning by
Policemen Ryan and ODea on Sixth
street, near Market, and booked at the
Southern station on a charge of battery.
Soon afterward he was released on ?200
bonds.
The complaining witness against him is
Mrs. H. B. Holmes, a quiet-spoken little
woman about '26 years of age, living at
1423 Market street. She is employed at
the Baldwin Hotel laundry.
Ah Jim has been annoying her for the
past three or four weeks by jumping un
expectedly in Iront of her every morning
at Taylor and Market streets while on her
way to work, and kissing her on the
cheek. No word was spoken, and after
All Jim had snatched the kiss lie walked
hurriedly across Market street and down
Sixth.
Mrs. Holmes leaves her home every
morning shortly a;.ter (i o'clock, so that
darkness favored Ah Jim in his osculatory
aspirations. He did not step boldly up to
the lady, throw his arms round her and
kiss her, but he glided out of the shadow
of the Donohoe building like a snake, and
bestowed his kiss upon her cheek before
6he was aware of his presence.
Ah Jim is not dressed in the costume of
his countrymen. He wears a sack coat,
slouch hat. vest and trousers, and his
queue is wound round the back of his head
in a knot. At first Mrs. Holmes did not
know who had insulted her, and it was
not for three or four mornings that she
was aware of the fact it was a Chinese.
She told her co-workers in the laundry
and they advised Her to take a club with
her and use it upon her insulter. She
shrank from adopting Mich a drastic
measure, as it would bring her into
notoriety, but after the annoyance became
unbearable, she ado uteri another sugges
tion, and informed Policeman John Mul
lin, who reported the case to Captain
Spillane.
Ryan and ODea were detailed on the
case, and Fliday night they called upon
Mrs.Holmes. It was arranged that they
should meet her at Ninth and Market
streets yesterday morning and she was to
point Ah Jim out to tnem.
For two or three mornings Mrs. Holmes
had walked along the south side of Mar
ket street instead of the north thinking
that Ah Jim would not discover the
change, so Ryan and ODea walked swiftly
along the north side and stationed
MRS. H. B. HOLMES, Who Was Insulted by a Chinese on
Market Street.
themselves at the Donohoe building, ■
while Mrs. Holmes walked at her usual
gait along »he south side.
Just as she reached the southeast corner
of Sixth and Market Ah Jim glided out of
the door of a millinery store. Mrs.
Holmes mcae a signal to the two officers
and they rushed across the street. She
had jumped aside as Ah Jim made a lurch
for her cheek. He evidently thought
something was wrong, as he turned and
walked hurriedly down -Sixth street. The
officers soon overtook him and placed him
under arrest.
They took him back to where Mrs.
Holmes was standing and she identified
him as the kisser. To her indignant ques
tions as to why he had insulted her, he
only replied "Nosabbe." On the way to
the Southern station Ah Jim offered to
give the officers $20 to let him go. The
officers think that he works in a junk
store on Howard street and he had prob
ably met Mrs. Holmes while going to his
work, as he always went down Sixth
street.
Mrs. Holmes was seen last night. She
dislikes the notoriety caused by Ah Jim's
arrest, but did not hesitate to talk on the
subject.
'•The first occasion," she said, "the re
pulsive-iookinir creature kissed me was
a little over three weeks ago. I bad got
to the corner of Taylor and Market streets,
when some man kissed me on the cheek.
There were two or three men passing at
the time and 1 did not know which one
kissed me. I was annoyed, but did not
pay much attention to it.
"Next morning the same thing hap
pened, and so it went on till I finally took
a good look at the man. and discovered to
my horror that tie was an ugly-looking
old Chinaman. I told some of the girls
at the laundry, and they advised me to
strike bim. I also told a gentleman who
lives in this house, and he wanted to
thrash him, but I wo lid not let him. as I
was afraid of the notoriety. Then I was
advised to tell a policeman, and the result
was his arrest this morning.
"I never saw or beard of him in my
life, and I don't know why he should
have singled me out for his disgusting at
tentions. It's bad enough to be kissed by
a white man agtinst your will, but a
Chinaman is horrible.
"I have no hard feelings against the old
man and I do not care to prosecute him,
as he might do something dreadful to me.
but my friends say I must, as it would
make him worse if I didn't. So I suppose
I will bave to appear in court against
him."
Mrs. Holmes did not have her husband
to protect her from Ah Jim, as they are
living apart;
A TWIN-SCREW STEAMER.
Colonel Crocker'* Proposed Craft to
l ruM tlie Fay in Twenty
Minutes.
First Vice-President C. ?'. Crocker of the
Southern Pacific .-aid yesterday that he
■nd not know whether a new twin-screw
-M-.-auier to cross the bay in twenty min
utes would be built. It was under con
templation and had been for some time.
but before anything was done the plans
would hrst have to be submitted to the
board of directors.
"I rather think we will build such a
boat,'' .he continued, "'out it is in the fu
ture, li we were to do so we would have
to make a good many changes at tne Oak
land mole. At present all the trains come
in on the south side and then switch
around to the north. With a new steamer
changes, would have to be made to suit
the travel. But all this is in the air. It
is yet too early to say what will be done,
'or as I have stated the plans of the
steatuer have not yet been submitted to
the directors."
It is probable tbat the steamer will be
built, but it is a question of when. The
Union Iron Works, it is stated, will at the
right time submit a bid on it.
ST. ROSE'S IS ENRICHED
j A Magnificent Painting of the
"D.vine Savior" in the
Sanctuary.
The Work of Art Has Excited tie
Most Favorable Comment Among
Local Connoisseurs.
St. Rose's Church, on Brannan street,
was enriched during the week by a mag
, nificent work of art — a large oil painting
of "The Divine Savior," by the religious
painter, Joseph A. Harrington. As the
painting is to be hung within the sanctu
ary and to be viewed from all parts of the
church Mr. Harrington painted the figure
of Christ of heroic proportions.
Viewed from near or far its beauties are
most striking. On one of his superb
translucent backgrounds tbe artist has
placed his subject to that the figure seems
almost in relief. He has given the Savior
: an appearance truly ideal — perfect manli
ness without any baser admix: uie il
lumined in every feature by the divine.
It is just such a head as one would ex
pect to tind on the canvas of an Italian
artist of the period of supremacy. The
eyes, tender, earnest, solicitous, without
the taint of weakness, are fitting lamps
for •such a sublime face, and the wavy
hair and beard of a beautiful brownish
tint serve to complete a head which has,
perhaps, never been surpassed by the art
of California. The drapery of the tunic is
natural, yet striking in its beautiful sim
plicity. Mr. Harrington has illuminated
the breast inside the outer garment with
the effifigence from the divine heart, and
this conception has enabled Dim to do
some magnificent work in light and
shade. The right hand especially is wor
thy of notice in this regard. The longer
the picture is beheld the more its many
beauties become manifest.
The grand posing and rich colorine com
bine to make one of the best religious
works ever painted on this coast. Mr.
Harrington is facile princeps in this line
lin California. Religious subjects have
always been his successes. At the time
he painted the altar piece and four panels
in St. Francis Church that work was pro
nounced the best of its kind in America-
He has continued to uphold his fame in
this held. The present picture caused
much comment among our San Francisco
artists, who all visited the studio to view
the paintine before being removed to St.
Rose's. The universal verdict of those
who have seen the picture is that Harring
ton has surpassed himself.
> ♦ m
It is said that tne Irish language is
dying out. Ten years aco 04,000 people
spoke Irish only. In 1891 there were
38,000. In 18S1 there were 885,000 who
could speak Irish and English, and last
year there were only 042,000.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
IN AID OF LITTLE ORPHAN BOYS.
Miss Rose Hooper, one of this season's debutantes, will appear on the stage at
the California Theater on March 1. She will take the part of a dancing gir', loved
by a plumber, in the comedy of "Caste," to be presented on that occasion for the
benefit jointly of the Children's Hospital and the Bishop Armitage Church Or
phanage, two most worthy charities caring for the sick and parentless little chil
dren of San Francisco.
It will be remembered by those familiar with society events that Miss Hooper
made her debut on the amateur stage last year at Mrs. Hager's private theatricals,
a novel and unique departure from the usual list of social gayeties.
The success of that affair inspired several of the participants with a particular
longing to appear again before the footlights, and Miss Hooper as one of that
number easily entered into the spirit of the coming entertainment with its motif
of charity combined with social enjoyment.
The Children's Hospital and its aims are well known to the public. But the
Orphanage is in a way a new charity in this City. Only within the past week
has it become strictly a San Francisco Institution. Eighty little orphan boys
have been transferred from the original home at San Mateo to the new quarters
now being put in order at the corner of Folsom and Second streets. Soon other
little parentless boys will follow. The home, a large, old-fashioned boarding
house on Rincon Hill, is barren of any furnishings other than the beds, and
furthermore the institution is greatly in need of funds to carry on its work,
particularly in the San Mateo home, where many cases of sickness are reported.
OLD CLOTHES AND OLD CARPETS VERY ACCEPTABLE
The Bishop Arinitnge Church Orphanage in establishing a city home for Itself is mot by
much the same conditions that maintained ben the institution began its work ten years
ago at San Mateo. There is a large house With only the most meager furnishings.
The convenient location of the new quarters compared with those at the country place,
where over a hundred children are still sheltered and cared for, should make it a much
easier matter tor the simple equipments of the home to be added to by small contributions
of old furniture from kindly disposed persons.
, Of the sixty-two rooms in the house two, thus far, are furnished with carpeting. But
all the rooms in wnich the eighty little boys sleep have no furnishings whatever but the
beds.
Strips of old carpet in pieces suitable for the bedside rugs as a protection from the bare
floors would be most acceptable and very usefuL An old chair of any kind, a small, old
table, a chest of drawers, an old bookcase, or any such bit of furniture that may be of
little or no further use to the present owners, would help out very much in making the
rooms more cheeriul and home-like for the little orphan boys.
Any kind of clothing is always acceptable. It can be cut up and made over for the
little boys. t
Persons having any of these thing? or articles of similar usefulness to contribute to the
Orphanage, may send them to the new home at the corner of Folsom and Second streets,
where they will be very thankfully received. ' Mrs. Francis C. Brewer,
President Bishop Armitage Church Orphanage.
THE RISE OF
THOMAS GORTON
From a Callboy He Becomes
a Prosperous Fruit-
Grower.
His Crop This Year at Fenryn
Will Net Him at Least
$3000.
Didn't Know Anything About Ranch
ing When He Regan — His Three
V jars' Exp?rience.
Thomas Gorton, a young man who five
years ago left his native town of Liver
pool, England, and who was for several
months up to three years ago one of the
cailboys at the Grand Hotel here, is down
from Penryn, having made a handsome
sum in the fruit business. What he \
has done should cause many young men !
in this City to do a little thinking.
When Gorton left here three years ago
he bad no knowledge whatever of the
fruit business or of farm life. He went to
work on a iruit ranch lor $1 25 a day for a
year, with the idea of learning the busi
ness. The second year h* and a partner
rented twenty acres, about half of which
was in bearing fruit of different kinds,
and paid $175 rent for it. Besides the j
rent, they paid $122 50 for water and some
$40 for feed for a horse they had, besides I
living expenses, it was a poor year, but i
they kept out of debt.
1 be second year Mr. Gorton rented ten 1
acres on bis own account. The rent cost 1
$200. It was not a good year, but he j
gathered about 800 boxes of mixed fruits i
and got along. • ' •■•''"-:
This year he has branched out and
leased thirty-one acre.*. The ranch is
about one mile from Penryn, and he pays
as rent 10 cents for every box of. iruit he
gets. The owner of the. ranch furnishes
the necessary implements and horses and
Gorton pays for all the labor that is neces- j
sary to assist him and foots all the living '
expenses, as well as the bill for water,
which in this case will be $180. 't . .
This is a cracserjack year for fruit in
the Penryn district, and it is estimated the
product on this ranch will be fully 1500
boxes. If it turns out that way, and it
looks as though it could not fail. Mr. Gor
ton will net fully $3000 for the year's work.
"The fruit consists of cherries, pears and
peaches," said Mr. Gorton, "and I esti
mate the yield will be fully 1500 boxes. A
box of fruit can be raised for 20 cents, an
average box. It would be a hard year, in
deed, that fruit would not bring 40 cents a
box. Fifty cents is low enough, and I es
timate that as the average of this year's
price.
"At tbat, after paying 10 cents a box as
rent and 20 cents as the cost of growing,
there is 20 cents left as profit, or in round
figures $3000.
'All tu.ngs considered, I am very well
satisfied with tue fruit business. I am
glad I got out of the City and into some
thing where I am independent. I had it
pretty rough for a while. My partner and
1 did our own cooking when we were to
gether, and I did it the next year, but now
I pay my board. hen I was baching I
lived In a cabin on the ranch.
"I am down here now to see some of the
commission houses in regard to market
ing my crop. I think San Francisco
ought to be the direct market for tbe
fruit. I take four inches of water and Day
for the water monthly during the fruit
season."
Mr. Gorton will be here for several days.
He 1;- at the Grand. He has grown brown
as -i berry and says he is hard as iron
from the healthful work in the open air.
TOG-OF-WAR.
A Challenge From British Columbia.
Pictures of Anchormen.
The members of the ten local teams
organized for the big tug-of-war tourna
ment next Saturday are much wrought
up. over a bold challenge of a team of rope
pullers of Victoria, B. 0., which received
general notoriety through the press, It
surprises the local celebrities in the robust
sport, who marvel at the audacity of this
claim for championship emanating from a
team never beiore heard of.
The ten anchormen of the teams to com
pete at the Mechanics' Pavilion were
photographed in group and their pictures
will be found elsewhere in this issue. The
: illustration offers a poor opportunity,
j however, by which to judge the men as to
i physique and muscle. They should be
| teen personally, when a glance will con
j vince the most critical of their eminent
j fitness for the tremendous tests of strength
I they are required to withstand.
The indications all point to the success
of the coming tournament, comment on
! which is heard throughout the City, not-
I withstanding the intensity of interest in
| the big fistic event at Carson; besides it is
j expected that a large contingent of East
ern sports will enjoy the novelty of wit
j nessing the tournament.
Judga James A. Campbell's willingness
i to officiate as referee pleases all the teams.
BURGLARY IS CHARGED.
James tee, an JCx-Convict, Is Again in
the Toil**.
James Lee, an ex-convict, was arrested
last evening by Detective Cody and booked
at the City Prison on the charge of burg
lary. Other charges wiil be preferred
against him. ■»;•
/ Lee was released a short time ago from
• the House of- Correction after serving a
six months' term for petty larceny, and a
few nights later he broke into the residence
of Benjamin Hughes. Stevenson and
Nineteenth streets, and stole a lot of
jewelry. He also broke into the residence
of, John Sullivan, Chapultepec street and
Cortland avenue, and stole a gold watch
and chain, several rings and a locket.
The stolen property was sold by Lee to
a pawnbroker on Market street. The chain
was solid gold, and Cody found yesterday
that it had been melted. He intends to
proceed against the pawnbroker.
Lee is a painter, and was engaged at his
trade on the Girls' High School building
when a lot of articles belonging to the
pupils and teachers were stolen, and Cody
I thinks Lee was the thief.
CUNNING WORK
OF SHOPLIFTERS
A Woman in a Carriage
Disposed' of Stolen
Property.
An Organized Gang Thought to
Be Working Stores in
This City.
Gloves Stolen From Hil* Bros. Identi
fied by the Owners— "Mrs. Weinir"
Sells the Stolen Gocd*.
The Police Department is quietly but
earnestly searching for an organized gang
of shoplilters, who are believed to be oper
ating in this City on an extensive scale.
Several months ago the big fancy-goods
stores of this City began missing goods to
a larger extent than is ordinarily the case,
and several establishments, including the
Emporium and Hale Brothers, put com
petent men on the watch and also notified
the police.
In spite of these precautions the losses
of gloves, hosiery and other articles con
tinued, and a search was then made for
the "fence" that disposed of the stolen
goods.
This was also unsuccessful and the
merchants, who were the largest losers,
had begun to despair of getting at the
bottom of the matter when an accident re
vealed the scheme by which tbe thieves
got rid of their plunder. The discovery
was made by Jacob Wand of Michaels <fc
Wand, the Kearny-street fancy-goods
dealers.
In the boarding-house where he lives
there also resides the mother of Police
Commissioner Ounst.
Several days ago a handsomely dressed
woman stepped out ot a carriage in front
of the bouse and, entering, a^ked 10 see
some of the ladies who were boarding
there. When they came she confided tbat
she had just come from Australia and that
she had a lot of fancy goods, gloves, laces
and the like that she would dispose ot at a
very low price.
She said that they had been smuggled
into the country, and that the ladies
could have them" for about half of what
they could be purchased in local estab
lishments. She pleaded the immediate
need of a considerable amount of ready
money as an excuse for selling them.
A few articles were purchased by ladies
in the house, and Mrs. Gunst mentioned
the visit to Mr. Wand. The latter's curi
osity was aroused, and he asked to see the
gloves that had been bought of the
woman. : y
An examination confirmed his suspicion
for he saw the marks of several firms wuo
he knew had lost articles. Liter Hale
Bros, identified some of the gloves by the
marks on them. They were goods that
had been purchased at about $9 per dozen,
and the seller had parted with them at
the rate of 50 cents per pair.
The woman who had sold the goods
gave her name as Mrs. Weiner, but when
asked for her address in case r articles
were wanted later declined to give it. She
was of medium heieht and rather stout
and wore a profusion of jewelry.
Several ladies on Van Ness avenue, in
the vicinity of Sutter street, received calls
from the woman, and a number bought
from her to a greater or less extent.
As far as the police can judge from the
descriptions of her that have been fur
nished them, she is a newcomer in this
City and an experienced worker in her
particular line.
The theory that a regular gang is at
work is based on the extent of the losses
and the manner which tbe theives have
adopted to get rid of their plunder.
The Dry-goods Men's Protective Asso
ciation has taken the matter up and will
do ail in its power to aid the police in
rounding up the shoplifters.
RED MEN TO CELEBRATE.
There Will Be a Gathering of the Tribes
of This City in Odd Kellows'
Hall To-Morrow Night.
The Improved Order of Red Men being
a patriotic as well as a beneficiary or
ganization, will do its share to-morrow in
the matter of observing the anniversary of
the birth of George Washington. The
celebration will be in the nature of a grand
ball in Odd Fellows' Hall, given by the
tribes in this City under the auspices of
Modoc Tribe No. 57. The committee of
arrangements has en at work for some
time to make this one of the finest events
ever given by the order in this City. It is
expected that Great Sachem J. Sims of
Nevada City will be present and deliver a
short address of a patriotic character. All
the great chiefs and past chiels, resident
in this City, have signified their intention
to be present.
KEW to-dat:
fThe advantage of
a policeman over a
burglar is that the of-
ficer has the law on
his side. Health has
the same advantage
over disease. The
Law of Nature is for
people to be healthy.
When they are sick,
Nature helps to cure
them. Nature's law
is the guide for cur-
ing sick people.
There is no way but
Nature's way. What
the doctors call many
different diseases
Nature cures in one
way; by nourishing
the whole body with
good, pure, rich, red
blood. That is Nature's way of curing
scrofula, erysipelas, kidney and "liver com-
plaint," consumption and every form of
eruptive and waiting disease. When yot
want to help Nature with medicine the med-
icine must work the same way as Nature
works, then it has the laws of Nature on its
side to make it powerful. That is the
secret of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery's wonderful cures. It assists Nature
according to her own laws ; it is on Nature's
6ide and Nature helps it ; it imparts new-
power to the nutritive and blood making or-
gans to create a large quantity of fresh, red,
healthy blood which drives every germ of
disease out of the system and builds up
strong healthy tissues and solid flesh. The
"Discovery" completely clears away every
form of blood-disease from the system ; It
even cures consumption. It is the only true
radical cure for that disease; facts and testi-
mony to prove it.
" I would like to tell the whole world what your
'Golden Medical Discovery' has done for me.
The doctor, who is considered an expert on lung
troubles, told me I had consumption. He said
both my lungs were diseased and I could not live
long. I felt down-hearted for I have dear little
children to live for. I just went to him to get his
opinion. I am glad I did for now I know what
your medicine will do. When I started on the
second bottle I was better in every way and was
able to take a walk on every fine day. 1 enjoyed
my sleep, mv appetite was good, and by the time
I had finished the second bottle I began to feel
- like a new woman. I still had a cough, so I got
a third bottle and by the time it was half gone I
was completely cured." JL _ *
(Mrs.) J~^*~s-*-<T £cv^***<&ti'
- ~ 77 Mary St., Hamilton, Ont, Can.
KEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
NOVELTY
BLACK
GOODS \
SPRING 1897.
Our importations of NEW BLACK DRESS
FABRICS are now ready for inspection. The
styles are the most elegant we have ever
shown and are the production of the best
manufacturers.
SPECIAL!
50 pieces 44-Inch BLACK FIGURED DRESS
FABRICS, in an elegant variety of designs,
75c a Yard, <
75 pieces BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH, in a
good assortment of styles (both figured
and striped), full 44 inches in width,
$1.00 a Yard.
12 pieces 44-Inch BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH,
all elegant designs,
$1.50 a Yard.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
TBLjBPHONB C3*K.A.N"T 184.
{£)T&riAU}aX4
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 post SThkfc'r.
STANDARD QUALITIES.
STYLES UNSURPASSED.
SQUARE DEALING.
SATISFACTION (itMRANTEED '
It will pay you to visit vs — so
don't buy a thing till you see us.
Prices
Stock +
Terms They're All Right.
Qualities : *
Varieties '
Sofa Beds, from $8 50 up
Chiffoniers, from 6 50 up
BooKcases, f rom 4 50 up
Hat Ki,(',s. from < Ul) up
Japanese Mattings, peryartl, from 10 up
Linoleums, per yard, from 40 up
Oak Bed c««s, 11 pieces .* 21 50 up
Oak Parlor Set* 27 50 up
CASH OR EASY TIME PAYMENTS. !
J. iTooisrA.3sr
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-5*22 Minna Stree .
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evenings.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
mmmmmam a mjmmm ammamawammms.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
NOBBY, rfl * m
MEAT, !\A W :
STYUSI fc^^ f
OMYS2.O). J^^^a^ ■!
■■MmuaaamMtiM
WILL STAND THE TEST. !
Our competitors often claim that they j
sell as cord shoes for the monav a* we do.
Don't take iheir Old for it. or ours either. I
Baijmtga for yourself, rom pure our shoes !
and pr.ces with others before purchasing. j
W« know what the result will be. Our
Shoes will •tami the 1.-t,nn(lt!iHt
is bow we have bnill up our reputaliop.
special for this week: I.hdie** K.iira Vine
V ici Kid BnttOD Shoes, Cloth or XI . Tops,
Raaor or Medium Square Toes and V-
shaped l'aient I^eatner 'His, Circular :
Vamps and Heel t'oxlmr, Flexible Holes,
Reversed Button Flies. Redi during
this tale to *->.«o. Thlsline is complete,
new, nobby and stylish. Why buy odds
and ends elsewhere when you can buy
such a bargain here for less money?
Ipy* Country orders solicite-t.
MOT Send lor Sew illustrate! Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
JO Third St.. Una Fiaael-iM,
PChtoheater's KnsUak Dlaaiacd Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-tf^V Orbjl«al and Only Genuine. A
/"rfTtWk s*"', * >W "L rcliibl*. L*o.ts «ik t4\
ftJ\^^%. Dra i * '' or Chichester BtiQli.h Die.- /2e\
It *•"•«%» mc ' Brand "i *i<i«i and f-'oU me u'.!tc\*W
Tgk S?W?*F* * ""J* l wir blue ribbon. Take
I*l -§^ Wj" ether*. Refute dangerous .vbeeitif v
I / ftf tins and MVntsi,tM.srMSii«\e).
I S Hi umZSS m& P»«l«»'»r». t«.tt«M>«i»l» sad
V*** P .^ K S , -•• a ■• fc,, *» •<««•-. b»ret»rß
"V - ArL Ma"- 10.000 TesUmooiiU. yame raver.
Swa^JrSSa? 4^
6 BAZAAR*
Here
Are Prices
and goods that carry the
conviction of their cor-
rectness.
Silver=plated
Ware
Is what we are talking
about this week.
Quadruple plate Cake Baskets, B. C Sl.on
- ■" ' " '",, ">'' " »2*.50
" " Pickle Casters 9 > 0
'• „". " •- .....SII. SO
" Iruit stands *1.50
; " „ ■*.■-" '• '•- Persian gl.*.ss. t* '. . 35
4-t'iece Tea Sets, quadruple plate . .#;* as
■'.:.;*.•; " " ' J'V, " • • tm4.:s
Little Prices
and Big Values.
S-Botlle Pinner Casters SI.OO
5-Bottle Dinner Casters, quadruple plate,
embossed 53.00
Kmbossed Butler Dishes, slass stand ". ISea
Quadruple plate Butler Dishes 81 lii*
•' - **•• •• » with knife
rest : 51.50 V
Roger Brothers' Tea Spoons, set of 6 Sl.'j", I
y"- : - '*. Taole Spoons, set of 6 «2.5.) #■■»
" " Table Forks, set of 6 m'Z.nwr/j
1 24 Pieces— Knives. Forks and Spoons, in ' *'*'
plush case , S4. 60
Cut Prices
IN
j Aluminum Tea Spoons, set of 6 50c
" Table Spoons, set of 6....!."..'. Sl.on
, " Tab Fofks, set of 6.. „. 8 no
Kussell "Stag" carvers, per 5et....... £3 50
•• 1 voiide ■• ■• ; ' cj'c*)
" a Ebonized Knives and Forks," set
ore 75 0
; "Sterling" Triple-plated Knives, set of 6." 75c
Bed=rock Prices
and guaranteed qual-
ity go together.
i 718 MARKET STREET.
<H>o<K>o<><>-0-C><K><>
AN EXCELLENT
"R "C* A T Properly prepared and
I VI r*. f\ I promptly served, can
* " - - * *« always be obtained in
! THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T~> AT A X^T" 1 *
! Most Popular MA AC H
; Dining Apart- •*• ■* • *■■»— '■* *• VJ JmmA
ment in town. mWm^mm^mWmWmmmmmmm^mtm
00<>0-o<>o<><>-CK>-o<>i
lk.^l These tiny Capsules are superior
to Balsam of Copaiba,
i\ * CubebsorlniectionsandfMlDf)
|J CUREINASHOURSV^
wj "the" same diseases withoui
inconvenience.
TT — — Sold by all druggists."BOARDING OFF" WITH THE PILOTS OF THE GOLDEN GATE
I^T was rsinin-*- and a wet wind slapped
S* me in the face as I went splashing
_'' through the little puddles one night
cown Meiggs wharf in the wake of three
rubber-coated pilots. On the extreme end
of the big dock we stopped and peered off
in the thickness across the tideway that
ran with little unseen bubblings and
splashings out in the gloom. There is
nothing, I think, so calculated to bring up
uneasy thoughts as the uncanny gurgling
of the tide against the dock piles at night.
One falls to imagining that the black,
chilly, slimy waters have found a suicide
•floating in the darkness under the wharf,
and are laughing at it. Probably tossing
; it here aud there against the shell-coated
• timbers, and enjoying the helplessness of
the victim of their play. I wish self-de
structionists would stay ashore, for when
the sea is called upon to give up its dead
in that last day, and its victims line up on
the beach, it will have enough to answer
: for, let alone those that have plunged
voluntarily off the pier bead to death, and
have drifted out witn the tide.
.." ' I wish but my wishing is interrupted
by a hoarse hail of "Bonita ahoy!" as big,
burly Pilot Meyer sends his hurricane
..- voice hurtling away through the storm
* -and, the night. Presently we hear the
•' well-known drumming of the oars in the
rowlocks and a little white spectral yawl
•'.bumps its nose against the landing, We
■ " all climb down the slippery steps and en
ter the craft. There is about an eighth of
an inch of water on the thwarts adhering
to. the seats by capillary attraction, but
y'ne Fit cheerfully down in the wet and,
*4 with the rain pelting industriously at us,
" we pulled out to the pilot-boat Bonita.'
Down into her cozy saloon I followed my
.three guides and hosts, and seated on a
cushioned locker I was glad I did not have
* to heave up anchor and cast off the sail
stops in a stormy winter night
. • Presently the pawls on the windlass
ceased their clanking and the rattle of
■ the halliard blocKs, accompanied by a
slight list of the vessel, told me that we
were under way. The stiff southeaster
got into our canvas ana we swung quickly
out to sea. The great lamps on the heads
tossed us a bright good-night as we went j
by, the gallant Bonita kicking the foam I
.behind her under reefed foresail and j
. mainsail and a bonnetless jib.
• • The old line, "0 pilot, 'tis a fearful
. night," kept floating through my brain
as tie storm howled around us and the
• whitecaps gleamed ghostly on the great
waves "where the harbor bar was moan
ing." , But pilots must work while others I
sleep and the brave pilot-boat searches I
the sea through the hours of nieht and
V storm for the befogged mariner and his
ship.
.* When the clouds lie heavily on the har
•'■ bor .bar blotting out the foam-crested
•swell breaking there; when the thick,
drenching mist blurs the land bearings
and a pallid desolation shuts down on
•the leaden waters; when the in-bound j
• craft draw away from the sheeted dangers j
» of- a rocky coast and run for the safe
open ocean, a specter flits through the !
white sodden spaces.
It is not a visitant fraught with influ- *
ences mystic ana uncanny, arising from I
the dank under-caverns where sleep the j
dead things of the sea to lure the be
wildered ships down to the silent place of ' <
the wiecks. Sailors know there is no f i
peril in that apparition, for it is the ap- <
rearing of the while-sailed genius of the I <
• 'safe portage that lies behind the billow- 1
beaten harbor gates. So comes the pilot- j I
.. boat, the welcome messenger from the J 1
.' shore to the approaching vessel, lifting [
c her ocean- worn sides to the long swell in ! ■
the offing, and always may that . first I
•> visitor be found flitting outward on its I j
_ mission. ! <
In the golden calm of the noontide, i -
FIELD TREE & HEDGERTON
IDYLS OF THE FIELD
jVT.is a whole week since I have been
|S afield « whole week since I have been
•J afield, and I am like a sort of Rip Van
: . JLjji "Winkle, noting the changes that have
taken place since last I climDed to the
• 'mountain top. The buttercups have opened
everywhere, though not one was to be
• seen a week ago, and here by the pathway
. the first primroses smile a welcome to all
.comers. Coming up through the canyon
j I espied the frilillaria just beginning to
unfold its buds, and the trillium is blos
soming cheerily in the rain. Some writer
'* about our wild flowers speaks of the
"haughty confidence" of the trillium as
..*it holds up its head in the damp forest.
Somehow wake-robin never seems to me
to exhibit any such quality as this. There
is' more of trust than hauteur in its confi
dence. I saw a group this morning peep
ing out from under the spreading green
leaves of the podophyllum, looking for all
the world like good children who had
; sought shelter from the rain.
. ' -The buttercups are always welcome.
They are pre-eminently the children's
flower, and bo plentiful are they as to
• • seem but the commonest weeds, yet they
have a long lineage and an honorable
history. The little plant is particularly
• interesting to the evolutionist because of
■ its many variations and the clearness
I with which its development may be
" J traced. The family is a large one, with a
'w very general distribution, and some of its
'. branches are quite aristocratic. Who
: .would suppose the modest little meadow
"buttercup to be related to the big, richly
' colored pseonias so proudly flourishing in
our flower-beds? The pseony belongs to
China. It suggests queer pagoda roofs,
and mandarin's gardens, while the butter
cup is our own intimate friend; but the
immense difference between the two is
j when the soft trades scarce shimmer the
| surface of the swell, sails the pilot-boat,
her billowing canvas like a white cloud
hanging low on the sea. In the black
gloom of the midnight, when the thunder
of the pounding surf is heard among the
reefs, goes the pilot-boat fighting her way
oceanward. With all her cloth smugged
closedown the jaunty little fore-and-after,
like a bird of dusky wing, brav.' ly mounts
the mighty roller or dives into the boiling
liquid basins between the green sea-hills.
The port of San Francisco is equipped
with four beautiful pilot- boats— the Cracie
S (3), Bonita (7), Lady Mine (9) and
America (11). The numbers in parenthe
sis are sewn on the mainsail of each ves
sel and are the distinguishing marks at
not greater than the differences that exist i
I between member* of many other floral
j families. The luxuriant growth of the
j huckleberries on this coast is a matter of
amazement and incredulity to New Eng
enders, who are prompt to deny the
identity of our great thickets with the.lit
tle plants they know at home; but on
volcanic summits of the Pacific isles
grows the ohela berry, large as a cherry,
red and white, as some of our cherries
are, but despite the external differences
the fruit growing there in the bare sul
phur deposits is beyond a doubt identical
with the huckleberry.
The huckleberry tangles here among the
redwoods are in plentiful blossom. Further
down, the wild gooseberry has put forth a
multitude of buds, and tho ceanothus is
hung with funny little black catkins.
Those of the hazel have fallen off. and the
willows have come out in full leafage. A
single week, now, makes more difference
in the aspect of nature than a fortnight
will a month hence. There are no more
plowed fields to delight the eye with
their rich coloring, but the hillsides and
lower fields have donned mantles of glow
ing green. I even saw, hovering over the i
surface of a cressy pool, yesterday, a
swarm of mosquitos, and, harrying' on
their flanks, their ancient and doughty
foe. the big blue dragon-fly. What the
sparrow-hawk is to small birds, the
dragon-fly is to the gnat tribe, only the
big fly seems really to be actuated by an
active hatred for his buzzing victims, so
implacable, fierce and insatiate is his feud
against them. Noting this, some enter
prising entomologist once proposed cul
tivating and domesticating the dragon-fly
for the purpose of exterminating mosqui
to*, but the blue dragon is less tamable
than his prototype among the vertebrates
the Bengal tiger. He did not take kindly
to domestication, but was off to the woods
and the streamside the instant he tasted i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
Raising a Big Squape-Riggep.
sea. They are from 65 to 80 tons burden
aod are schooner-rigged, carrying main
and fore sails, jib and flying jib. gaff top
sail and staysail. The first four sails are
the ordinary cruising canvas, while the
last two are used In making time before
light winds.
But it is the lines of the hull that make
the Frisco boat the queen craft. She -as
a good wholesome beam, which over
hangs her deep draught and makes her
comparatively steady in the short, choppy
seas of the bar.
The keel, especially that of the Bonita,
is a "rocker," being deeper amidships
than at the stem and stern. This per
mits the vessel to whirl to her helm as on
a pivot, and makes ncr easy to handle at
freedom, and we were spared hia invasion
into our homes. >
The insect world, like all orders of life,
has foes within its own circles, as well as
without. Not only does the spider spread
his net for the housefly, but the ugly little
centipede is the inveterate enemy of this
familiar household pest. It attacks the
flies after dark, while they sleep, and a
single centipede will slay scores of them
during the nighttime, apparently not so
much for food as for the delight of slaugh
ter.
The birds, however, are, after all, the
most effectual insect-destroyers we have.
But for them life would be unendurable
by reason of insect persecution. The first
fly-catchers I have noticed this season
made their appearance in the willows this
week, and that same day I espied the first
white-crowned sparrow and a wee tit
mouse. Until this spring I have never
been so fortunate as to see a bluebird in
California, though 1 have been repeatedly
assured of their abundance in various lo
calities, but I saw some days ago a goodly
flock, not amid rural scenes at all. but dis
porting upon the housetops in the very
heart of San Francisco. Accompanying
them were a dozen or more snowbirds
and sparrows and a single flicker, who
seemed to be acting as self-appointed
guardian to the pretty throng. The sight
was a faint indication of what we might
expect of bird society had we but trees
along our City streets. V
Almost immediately after seeing the
bluebirds in San Francisco I noted an
other flock in Berkeley, but I have seen
none about Oakland or in the foothills.
With the exception of the skylark there
is no bird more loved by the poets than
this beautiful azure morsel of song with
his ruddy breast. He might easily be in
duced to make bis home among us, as he
is particularly partial to the haunts of
civilization, and is quick to take ad- 1
Fapallon Light Paled and Died in the Speatep Flame of Coming Day.
close quarters in a heavy sea and narrow
channel. Not only is she constructed to
withstand the wear of the waves,
but the wear of years as well, and in some
cases, as in that of the Bonita, the builder
puts a layer of salt among her timbers
as ne bolts her together as a safeguard
against the decay of time. The boats, at
least in this port, are owned by the pilots
themselves, and as their value (SIB,OOO or
$20,000 apiece) doesn't drift in to them on
every swell, consequently it behooves
them to preserve their strong little vessels
to a green old age. The rail only arises a
few inches above the deck, so that if she
should ship a sea it would roll off her like
water from a duck's back. The interior is
a long saloon, reaching from the counter
vantage of bird boxes if they are put out
for him. Nesting-time . has not yet ar
rived for the birds of this section, nor will
it begin until the trees and shrubs are
more perfectly in leaf than at present.
To build now would be simply to invite
marauders. Most of the small birds at
present flitting about are males awaiting
the arrival of their ladies from milder
climes. February 14 is more by tradition
than verity the great day of mating in
these parts. I noted, recently, the state
ment by a Southern California naturalist
that birds do not like the eucalyptus trees
to build in, and the theory is advanced
that the pungent, aromatic odor of this
aud of the pepper tree is repugnant to
bird nostrils.
It has been my experience, here among
the foothills, that our birds build as freely
in the eucalyptus trees as anywhere else.
I saw this morning, within 100 feet of my
house, no less than six nests of as many
different birds in the eucalyptus trees.
The oriole is especially lond of swinging
his airy cradle of a nest just where, near
its juncture with the main trunk, a bough
sends forth numerous little leafy branch
lets, and among the clumps of down
drooping leaves that are apt to be massed
at the ends of branches the brown towhee
and various kinds of sparrows like to
build. 1 suspected a pair of the black
headed grosbeaks of having a nest last
summer near the very top of a tall euca
lyptus, and the little goldfinch frequently
nests among the dense leaves of saplings.
The summer warbler also builds in the eu
calyptus. I suspect the cause of the birds
avoiding these trees in certain localities is
the frequency with which the eucalyptus
plantations are visited by wood-cutters.
Birds are more intelligent than any other
of the wild creatures and are quick to tatce
warning from disaster. In a grove below
rae, where the ax is busy every summer,
I have never found a bird's nest, while
they abound among the twenty-year-old
trees immediately about me.
This explanation may or may not be
correct It is certainly more reasonable
than to suppose the odor of the tree is
offensive to birds, in whom the sense oi
smell is very feeble. Sight and not scent
is their reliance at all times. "A birdseye
view" is a singularly comprehensive and
accurate vision. Neither the pepper tree
nor the eucalyptus is very largely visited
by insects, which may also have some
thing to do with the birds' preference for
other varieties of trees, ln my immediate
neighborhood I find the warblers and fly
catchers most affect the willows and the
dense, low-growing greasewood. The
jewel-like lazuli bunting builds in the
lupin and southernwood 'and among the
poison oak. I have known one pair to
build under a porch roof close beside the
front door, and last' year a pair of gold
finches built within a foot of where 1
passed a dozen times a day. I rarely went
that way without stopping to chirrup to
the little hen on her eggs, but she never
seemed afraid. Linnets and titmice, wrens
and sparrows all have their nest's in a
little tangle of currant, greasewood and
blackberry just below me, and in a near-by
canyon the nests of brown thrushes are
more plentiful than I should care to have
most schoolboys know.
v Adeline Khapp.
to tho forepeak, bulkheaded off into two
compartments for the three pilots and the
crew ot four men and a cook forward.
The after saloon contains six berths with
bedding and with drawers and lockers all
neatly arranged for the occupants thereof.
There are twenty licensed pilots for this
port, and they arrange their watches so
that there are three vessels on duty all
the time, two outside and one near the
mouth of. the harbor. The period of a
cruise is about four days, or until the
boat has exhausted her pilots and there
are no outward-bound vessels with pLots
aboard, , keeping up the supply on the
cruising boats.
All the peril does not come to the ship
standing in for harbor, for the pilot-boat
shares with her the dangers of night fog
and tide. Four of the gallant little vessels
have met disaster off this port, and sev
eral pilots have never come home. The
Sea Witch was lost in a gale in 1854, and
nine years afterward the pilot- boat. Relief
having "boarded off" all her pilots was
coming in to harbor. She was overturned
on the bar and her crew drowned. In
1873 the Caleb Curtis, outward bound, was
capsized on the treacherous bar and pilots
Vonness. Buckingham and Sbandon were
lost All of the ten tons of ballast fell out
of the inverted hull and she floated, to be
recovered and repaired for other uses. A
few years ago the T. H. Allen was run
down in a fog by a British bark. All hands
were with difficulty saved. The boat was
recovered considerably damaged by her
encounter with the big vessel's iron stem.
Some time after midnight I was awak
ened in my comfortable berth and found
that the lively little Bonita was doing
some low and lofty tumbling over the
UNCULTIVATED people in Europe and
§ CULTIVATED people in country and
j the eastern part of this country are
sa*--rf/i moving to revive the art of minia
ture painting. At present it is quite a
fad in New York,»and many women of so
cial importance are having their charms
immortalized on ivory. There is every
reason why the art should be revived, for
it is one of the loveliest of all the styles
of portraiture, and a beautiful face never
shows to better advantage than when
painted in miniature.
Although the art can hardly be said to
show any activity on the Pacific Coast at
the present time there are signs of its
awakening.
. In speaking of this art Albert Edward
Jackson, a miniaturist of some note, who
is now in this City, has much to say about
the d fferent phases of it that are not gen
erally known, and yet are of interest to
lovers of the beautiful.
"The art of miniature painting," he
says, "is most assuredly of Italian origin,
although it reached its greatest perfection
in France a little over a hundred years ago.
"In one of the famous galleries of Rome
there is a miniature painting of some
Italian beauty bearing the date 1601. It is
not likely that this is the first work of the
kind ever painted, nor is it likely that the
artist could arrive at such a successful re
sult on his first attempt. It must have
required several years of study to reach
such perfection, which would give at least
300 years since the origin of the art. Gen
erally speaking, the art is said to have
originated in the latter part of the six
teenth century.
"Who the men were who first took up
the art is not a matter of record. In fact
none of the earlier works are signed, for
some mysterious reason. It may be that
in those days the art was not looked upon
as being of the highest order, or, perhaps,
it was done lor some jeweler who made
the frame or locket and took all the credit
to himself. Some of the miniatures
painted in the early history of the art
were put in frames of solid gold that must
have cost a fortune. Even the smallest of
them were put in lockets studded with
valuable jewels.
' "This early work was not what it might
uneasy seas. That a pilot-boat can tum
ble 1 had ample means of learning, as I
was pitched from starboard to port, fore
and aft, in that saloon as I hunted for my
togs scattered around. Everything in the
apartment was firmly secured except my
self, and so I had it all my own way. A
faint but unmistakable suggestion of the
dreaded mal-de-mer was creeping over my
gastronomic econL my, and that fact did
not add to my happiness. I finally landed
into my fugitive shoes and a huge over
coat belonging to Captain Boyd,
one of the pilots, and climbed
the companion ladder to the deck.
There I found the wheel lashed
hard-down, mainsail close reefed and the
weather jib sheets hauled taut This
maneuver literally locked her, and she
was lying to without headway and with
only a slight drift to leeward. Darkness
as dense as a block of coal was on the face
of the deep, broken only by the phos
phorescent glow of the foam-curl on th c
tips of the great swell. Making my way
forward I found all three of the pilots with
their glasses peering westward through
the bank of blackness. One of the crew
was manipulating a patent foghorn, and
from this music-box-looking affair oc
casionally came a loud, doleful note. A
mail steamer was due, and they were
watching to see that she didn't pass by
us, or over us, in the night. With tne
deck under me often jumping into the
perpendicular I could do nothing in the
way of finding the liner, so I sat down at
the foot of the foremast and, putting my
arms around the big stick, assisted in
holding it in its place; at least that is
what Captain Castle said I was doing.
A faint glow appeared on the black
Previval
of
Miniature
Painting.
have been. There was very little attempt
at modeling the features, and the coloring
was 'thin and washy.' But most lively
tney were good likenesses, and the differ
ent features were very strongly marked—
too strongly to produce a really beautiful
effect. But in those days they were the
only pictures that could be used as keep
sakes. . They were small and could be car
ried by a soldier when he went to war, so
that he could bring the face of bis lady
love before him during ihe long cam
paign, or, perhaps, let it be the last object
he might gaze upon should he receive his
death-wound in battle.
"The luxuriousness and sentimentality
of th« French monarchy was calculated to
bring the art to its greatest perfection.
The nobility spent money freely, and sev
eral mon sprang into prominence, among
them being Jean Foucquet of Tours, per
haps the greatest man who ever worked
in miniature. He painted a number of
pictures for Louis XI V of the different
famous court ladies. His worK was so
good that it was esteemed the highest
honor to pose for him. In fact, he was in
such demand that he chose his own sitters
and obtained his own prices. V'V
"Two of* the most famous men of the
present century were Isabey and Malbone,
although they were not entirely wrapped
up in the art of miniature as Foucquet
was. Both of them worked in oils in the
ordinary way and Isabey is somewhat
famous as a marine painter. But about
this time the work was beginning to take
on a commercial character, and so many ;
men were engaged in it that it was diffi
cult to tell who really did the best work.
"Between 1825 and 1850 a large number !
of miniature painters flourished in Amer
ica, as is shown by the large number of
their works to be found in different parts
of the Southern and Eastern States.
There are many fine examples of the art
to be found in New Orleans, although the
best are in some of the oid Virginia fam
ilies. These are signed by men who have
never been heard of in the art world, and
the work is really excellent. Whether they
were self-taught or went to Europe lor
their art education is, of course, past I
finding out
"Miniature painting has probably had a
steadier run in England than anywhere
else. In fact it never has died out there,
but haa not been what it was in the day*
of its glory. The art has always been
taught at the Royal Academy, and doz
ens of men j have . always made good liv
ing at it The reason for this lies in the
curtain down in the southwest, and pres
ently a steamer's broad light opened in
the night like an eye. It was the looked
for vessel, and an answering signal-light
was made. Captain Castle came aft, un
lushed the wheel, flattened out the head
sheets and the Bonita darted away to
catch her big game. The tackles hanging
from the fore and mainmast heads were
hooked on to one of the two yawls stand
ing on the deck, and when the Bonita
rounded too under the steamer's stern the
little cocKle-shell of a boat was hoisted
overboard. Two men tooK the oars and
Captain Meyers, whose turn it was to
"board-off," watched his chance and
skillfully slid Into the dancing craft and
instantly disappeared in the surrounding
gloom as though swallowed up by the
stormy sea.
In a few moments the lights of the
steamer showed that she was under way
again, and soon the tiny yawl was seen
near us on the crest of a wave about as
high above our deck as the masthead,
waiting for a chance to get under our lea
and get aboard. I do not know how it
was accomplished, but in a short time the
crew were back on the Bonita, the yawl
lashed to its place alongside of its mate,
and we were off searching for more pilot
less ships. The men reported that Cap
tain Meyers was repeatedly ducked get
ting aboard of the steamer, but such mis
haps — even death— are a part of the pilot's
calling.
No more fish came to our n*ts that
night, and the first glow across the Coast
Range found us abreast the Farallones
the gleam of Its light growing pale and
dying away in the greater flame of coming
day.
That,. afternoon we raised a big square
rigger with her jack at the fore— the pilot's
day signal— Captain Boyd got a
chance to work his passage home and in
cidentally a good fee into the treasury of
the association. An incident the follow
ing night proved the wisdom of keeping
a bright lookout for the ships we didn't
want as well as those we did want. While
lying to a black, shapeless form suddenly
loomed out of the darkness right ahead
and bore directly down upon us. A whirl
of the wheel heaved us out of her path,
and she dragged slowly but ponderously
past us, a big schooner with the output
of some coast sawmill piled on her deck
half as high as her mainmast These un
gainly floating lumber-yards adrift in a
thick fog are things to be shunned by the
pilot-boats, strong though they are as oak
and iron can make them.
Toward the evening of our last day, the
fog suddenly blow ng away, we made out
a ship well in shore heading for the north
i channel. No other pilot-boat could be
j made out in that locality, and we prepared
I for a chase. The reefs were quickly shaken
| out, a bonnet laced on the jib, and the
i speedy Bonita began to kick up a
j sparkling wake with her nimble heels.
j This was not enough and the gaff-topsail
! followed by the big staysail flew aloft to
i swell out with the stiff northwester caught
in its folds. The yacht lay over with her
j lee rail deeply awash, and the upflying
! spray came over her bow in showers as
j she sprang from wave to wave. The
■■ Bonita set her jack— a query to the ship—
I and the flag stood out to leeward, a hard
' blur of blue against the sky, and the taut
: shrouds rang in the stiff breeze like harp
I chords. Such speed soon used up the
distance between the two vessels, and the
! boat's last pilot was soon steering the ship
| safe into harbor, whither we followed. We
: let go our anchor off Meisrgs wharf, and
j the cruise was over. Tom Gregory.
The region about the Dead Sea is one of
the hottest places on the globe, and the
sea is said to lose 1.000,000 tons of water
a day by evaporation.
! conservatism of the people. They want
! things as their parents had them. Minia
tures are heirlooms over there, and if a
son is given a picture of his grandmother
in a certain style of art he wants one of
his mother just like it— painted by the
same artist if possible.
"It really was the daguerreotype that
killed the art of miniature in America and
France. It was so easy to sit for a few
j minutes and get a good likeness at any
j rate, while a painting on ivory took sev-
I eral days. The difference in price also
! had a great deal to do with it, no doubt
i When the photograph came, that settled
the miniature painter, as the mechanical
I pictures answered every requirement of the
j works of art and were so cheap they could
I be distributed broadcast to friends and
i relatives all over the world. '
"But a reaction is setting in, as the de
fects of the photograph are becoming ap
parent. No, photograph is permanent
even if exposed to only a faint light. The
finer the paper that is produced the more
fugitive it seems. Pictures by some of tbe
best galleries in the country seem to be
come mottled and faded after even only a
few year 3. Contrast this with some of
the work of the old miniaturists. I have
seen some over 100 years old just as fresh
as the day they were painted, and these
were pictures that had been carried all
over the world ana seen rough usage gen
erally.
"Of late years a large number of men
have been making good livings by copy
ing fading j photographs on ivory. This
is done to preserve the likeness of a cer
tain person, but how much better it
would be if the person had had a good
picture painted by a good artist in the
first place. A miniature on ivory cannot
fade if the proper water colors are used,
for the work is only a thin film of metal
spread over the white background. They
are about as unchangeable as the colors of
a piece of stained glass, and many seem
to have acquired a richness from age.
"The old standard way of miniatures is
the same to-day all over the world. The
colors, mixed with pure gum-water, are
laid on in stipple until the color and like
ness is perfect. In this stage they are a
little darker than need be, but that is
necessary for the needle work, which is
really the finishing. For this very hard
needles are used that are ground to an al
most inconceivably fine point
_ - -
"Every part of the picture is 'hatched*
over until the ivory shows through as a
fine network. This produces the loose
effect that is so much admired, and by re
vealing the ivory produces an effect of
flesh obtainable by no other means. In
: reality this ivory effect might be said to
be the charm of miniature painting. The
effects of laces and thin goods are pro
duced in this way in a manner that is
quite surprising.
"In connection with this work mention
must be made of the sheets of ivory.
They are obtained from elephants' tusks
not by sawing off in slices, as might be
•imagined, but are cut in strips by sawing
round and round so that a long section
comes off, of different grades of texture.
The finest is just before the center is
reached.
1718
HOW LORD LEIGHTON OF STRETTON FOUND ROSY THE PATH TO FAME
TfJNJONDON, Esq.. Feb. The rnalevo
\soKm lent old ,air >* who, forgotten at the
MmstsfT important ceremony of christening,
revenges herself upon her innocent vic
tims by disastrously complicating their
lives, must bave been placated by the
most obsequious attentions when Frede
rick Leighton was in the cradle, for it
would be difficult to imagine a life more
serene, more successful, - richer in tri
umphs, more smiled upon by all the
fussy, fairy godmothers of fate, chance
and fortune. He was born in Scarborough
in 1830. His father and grandfather were
physicians, men of means, and for that
day of rather wide and unusual cultiva
tion. Before he was half as tall as a mahl
stick his infant scratchings were taken as
en grand serieux; the family went
abroad, and Frederick, aged 10, began to
study drawing in Rom?. Here there is
no question of early strugeles with pov
erty, obdurate relatives blind to youthful
genius; the road to fame was made smooth
to the feet of this gifted aspirant. It was
a royal road in this instance. He was
crowned, so to speak, without lifting a
band; everything was prepared for him;
LORD LEIGHTON OF STRETTON.
HAS THE EARTH MORE
THAN ONE MOON?
Wonderful Field of Speculation Opened Up
by the Latest Discovery.
CITSLHE latest alleged startling discovery |
vl'fr* in the realm of astronomical *ci- i
jAfO ence gives peculiar emphasis tothe
timeworn proverb that "people are blind
to what is going on under their noses."
Ever since astronomy has enchained the i
attention of men they have been assidu- j
ously seeking to learn more about the far- j
distant orbs of the celestial universe than j
waa known to t eir predecessors. From
the time when the first rude spyglass was
constructed down to the present day of
highly developed telescopes astronomers
have swapt the midnight skies in eager
search after some fragment of knowledge I
to add to the meager store possessed by !
the scholar. Almost invariably the ob- j
ject of research was a far-distant star.
The confines of the stellar galaxy at
tracted greater than did its nearer center.
The great Herschell devoted his ener
gies to "sounding the depths of space,"
and without success. In the abandon
ment to the peculiar fascination of at
tempting to solve the infinite the finite
seems to have been forgotten. We know
less about bur nearest neighbor, the moon,
than we do about Mars; less about Mars
than we do of the sun. We have placed j
in the balance and actually weighed every i
one of tbe members of the solar system, I
POSITION OF INVISIBLE MOON.
even to the giant planets .Uranus and
Neptune, which are so far away as to be
invisible to the naked eye; and yet we do
not know the shape of our own moon, and
the best scientists are divided in opinion
as.to whether it possesses an atmosphere
or not. We have constructed a perfect
map of Mara and determined his conti
nents and seas, but we are unable to say
wbat causes the radiant streaks which
emanate from the huge Tycho Brabe
mountain upon, our moon, uot 300,000
miles away.
The discussion of the physical charac
teristics of the earth cannot be properly
called astronomical, and yet it cannot be
eic t del from that branch of science.
The movements of the earth, while purely
within tbe domain of mathematical
physics, can only offer a means of solu
tion by a careful study of astronomy.
Ever since mathematical astronomy has
been practiced it has baen known that the
earth had several very peculiar move
ments which were apparently unaccount
able. We are apt to speak of the "stable
earth." As a matter of fact the earth
reels like a drunken man. At no time
does she pursue an undeviating, steady
course, nor ars her movements regular.
Her erratic wanderings, if duplicated at
all, can occur only at such long intervals
of time as to appall the human concep
tion ln the attempt to comprehend the
immense line of figures that are neces
sary to express the possible recurrence of
a single movement. The north star is
popularly supposed to be a fixed point. It
is not. What is known as Polaris is the
present north star, but 13.C00 years ago tbe
north pole of tbe earth pointed to the
brilliant Vega, and will again in course of j
time. I
CroWned With J-lardly an Effort- Jhe Laurels Fell Upon His J4andsome BroW and /Idjusted TKemselVes in
tKe Most Eminently Becoming Manner— Van Dyck BroWns Story of His Life
he placed himself in positions, and the
laurels fell upon his handsome brow and
adjusted themselves in the most emi
nently becoming manner.
From Rome— and who could overesti
mate the influence of this early training
he was taken to Berlin and Dresden. In
every city he attended the classes at the
academy. In those days he was an infant
phenomenon in his facility with his pen
cil and unusually deficient in every other
study. At 13 he was at school in Frank
fort, but at 14 we find a serious discussion
taking place in Florence, and his artistic
career fully decided upou ; accordingly he
was enrolled among the students at the
Accademia delle Belle Arti in that city.
That the vain, precocious and ignorant
lad was himself responsible for the resolu
tion to attend a little to his general edu
The accompanying little diagram will
show to the readers of The Call the path |
marked out by tbe north pole among the
stars— a wavy circle. This condition is |
brought about by what is known as the I
"precession of the equinoxes." The sun is i
swiftly traveling through space, and car
rying with bim all the members of his
system, of which our earth is one; so that,
as the earth sweeps over the mighty orbit
of the solar system, her pole describes a
circle. But it is not a perfect circle. She
i- constantly nodding, and tbis move
ment, which is a real wabble, is termed
the earth's nutation. Our scientific men
have sought to account for this wabble by
seeking its cause in the attractive lorces
of the sun and moon — that is, when the
sun and moon are on the same side of
the earth their "pull" upon the earth
would be greater than when the sun was
on one side and the moon on the
opposite; thus the earth would be
swayed a little out of her true orbit as the
relative positions of the sun and moon
changed. Granted that this is the true
solution, then the "wabble" ought to ex
hibit some degree of uniformity. It does
not. Next, it is attempted to further ex
plain the "wabble" by applying the law
of perturbation — tbe effect of attraction
exercised by other stellar bodies. Every
particle of matter in the universe attracts
every other particle of matter. But after
all the known causes have been diligently
exploited and applied, the fact remains
that there are "wabbles" which are un
accounted for. At one position of her
orbit the earth is a great deal farther
away from the sun than at another. Does
the sun's attraction vary? If at all
times there were the same number and
masses of stars at one particular portion
of the earth's orbit.it might be easy to
account for this deviation from a true
circle. But there is not. And no one has
yet been able to explain -satisfactorily why
the ball we live on exhibits at one time a
coyness to her ardent wooer, and at
another time a rapturous desire for his
warm pretence.
Recently a gentleman of established
reputation as a mathematician, and an
astronomer of no mean accomplishments,
residing on the California coast, bas an
nounced to a few of his intimate friends
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
cation is more than likely ; his studies in
the direction of art could not but bring to
his attention the unknown fields in which
he had been set to labor. His interest in
history and mythology, his practical and
methodical mind, saved him from «he fate
of the Strasborg goose. His studies at
the Academy wera abandoned and he re
turned to set. 00l in Frankfort for three
years, never losing for an instant the aim
he had In view.
In 1848 he resumed his study of drawing
and painting in Brussels, finally drifting
to Paris, and working there, very serenely,
very gayly, and without a master. The
habits of his earlier youth were too strong
to break, and he was never satisfied to re
main more than a year in one place.
During this time he painted his first
picture. "C mabue Finding Giotto in the
Fields of Florence."
At this period the Florentine masters
j held him in thrall. All the charm, all the
1 delicacy of these early painters, the dark
and suave richness of color in the old city
itself had temporarily banished from his
memory the rods and goddesses wbo had
overawed him in Rome; and yet it was in
Rome itself that ne painted that most
Florentine ' of Florentine pictures,
"Cimabue's Madonna Carried in Pro
cession Through the Streets." He was
not yet 25 when it was exhibited in tbe
Royal Academy, and purchased imme
diately by her Majesty the Queen.
In this day of republican ideas that
would not be a matter of entire felicita
tion to a young painter; the prestige of
such patronage is no longer as puissant,
but at that time it placed Frederick Leigh
ton in the first rank, and as we glance at
the immense canvas we must come to tbe
conclusion that the distinction was de
served.
The complete development that com
monly crowns uninterrupted labor be
tween the years of 40 and 50 he bad at
tained at the age of the average student.
To be sure be had worked, after a fashion,
for fifteen years, and had seen the best the
world could offer. His judgment was
formed. Like most precocious develop
ments, his talent bloomed too soon, and
he rarely reached a higher note than that
be struck immediately in his earnest
works. I*. was a note at once resonant
and clear, even if it lacked any qualities
of depth or vibration.
There is neither weakness nor hesita-
tion to be detected in this fine canvas, in
which Master Cimabue, glitt ring in silver
that he has found the cause of these myste
rious perturbations of the earth in an invis
ible satellite. Many of our most brilliant
minds shrink from adverse criticism with
a repugnance that in other natures wou'a
* be considered morbid. It is due to this that
the gentleman withholds for the present
his individuality, but bas nevertheless
communicated to those of his friends
whose educational attainments fit them
to pass intelligent judgment the facts of
his startling discovery. There is really
nothing strange in this. The world is al
ways ready to pass judgment upon mat
ters it does not understand. Th- question
of intra-Mercurial planets has long been a
fiercely debated one, and has engendered
erabitterments between scholars and
scientists which have estranged minds
that otherwise would have worked in per
fect harmony. During the total eclipse of
July 29, 1878, James C. Watson, prof-ssor *
of astronomy at the universities of Michi- ,
gan and Wisconsin, discovered two plan- ;
ets situated within the orbit of Mercury
and close to the sun. At the same time
Professor Lewis Swift of Rochester, N. V.,
independently of Professor Watson, also
saw and claimed the discovery of these
two new planets. But because other as
tronomers were not favored with sight of
t c bodies the discoveries of Watson and
Swift were pooh-poohed into contumely.
The records of astronomy show that
well-sustained claims have been made on
nineteen occasions since 1761 that intra-
Mercurial planets were observed. So it is
not to be wondered at that a sensitive
mind should shrink from a possibility of
ridicule. Human nature invades nature.
The discovery of the invisible satellite of
the earth is the result of a purely mathe
matical investigation, and it is as capable
of demonstration as is the presence of any
one of the known heavenly bodies. T;>e
planet Neptune is invisible to the naked
eye. Yet its presence was detected by pre
cisely similar means as were employed by
the California mathematician in his dis
covery of the earth's second moon. As
tronomers had noticed that the giant
planet Uranus, then the outermost known
member of the solar system, exhibited per
turbations which could not be accounted
for by the presence of any known body. A
young mathematician, afterward destined
to be famous, reasoned that there must be
another planet to account for the vagaries
in Uranus' movements. He figured, and
on September 10. 1846, he sent word to Dr.
Galle of Berlin, who possessed a fine tele
scope, to look at a certain spot in the
heavens. Dr. Galle did so on the 13th
and, there saw the new planet, now called
Neptune. The circumstance is always re
marked as the greatest triumph of mathe
matical astronomy.
The lately discovered second moon of
the earth has an orbit which is extraneous
to that of the earth's, and the satellite re
volves around the sun at the same rate of
speed as the earth, always keeping on the
side of tbe earth opposite to that of the
snn. It is therefore always within the
cone of deep shadow formed by the earth,
and as it does not receive any portion of
the direct light of the aun it is conse
quently invisible to us, just as is the visi
ble moon when it is eclipsed in the earth's
shadow. The exact size or diameter of the
invisible moon cannot now be definitely
stated, inasmuch aa its peculiar situation
renders it always obscured from optical
measurement. Its mass has, however,
been calculated by computing the effect it
produces in swaying the earth and the
visible moon, and is placed at about one
thousandth that of the earth, or 6,000,000,
--000.000,000,000 tons. Supposing its den
sity to be equal to that of our visible
moon, which is three and a half times
that of water, it would be somewhere
about fifteen hundred miles in diameter.
Its axial revolution is yet unknown.
The remarkable position maintained by
the newly discovered satellite is not with
out parallel, nor, in fact, is such condition
strange. In contemplating the phenome
non of the stellar universe we must be
content to accept what is presented to our
cognizance without criticism. Human
ideas of orthodoxy have no weight in the
arrangement of the heavenly bodies. The
.two moon* of Uranus revolve around that
planet on north to sooth, and the axis
of Uranus, instead of being perpendicular
to the ecliptic is parallel with it. The
brocade, with the youth Giotto behind
him, struts proudly at the head of a con
course of people, in the quaint, rich cos
tumes of a medieval pageant The work
is dignified and complete; if it has a cer
tain youthful exuberance, a spark of vain
glory in the exhibition of a technique
already accomplished and fluent, they are
not unattractive qualities; it is certainly
not for the sin of exuberance that the
soberer conceptions of later years could
be criticized.
He is a frank observer of surface beauty ;
emotion never distorts the features of bis
heroic men and women; tragedy throws
them into magnificently statuesque poses;
athletes of the amphitheater, women from
the Greek races, in spirit, at least, ideal
ized from impecunious and very human
models picked up at random in London or
Paris or Rome. The beauty of visible form
was his standard of accomplishment; it
was form he studied in his draperies, the
peculiarly characteristic folds of satin or
silk or velvet. His sketches are often
laborious and fine; who better than be
could grasp and represent the noble fall
and flow of the robes of a Senator, or the
vere grace of the heavily swathed
Roman matron !
In lfcOO he settled permanently in Lon
don and soon after began to superintend
the erection of the magnificent house in
Holland Park Road, which he inhabited
till his death and which has been recently
bought by the Government for a perma
nent exhibition. The bouse became a
museum lor the collections of strange and
interesting curiosities he gathered on
every journey. Spain, India, Persia and
Asia Minor, Algiers and Egypt, Turkey
and Greece he explored between 1866 and
1876, during which period he was also
elected to the full academic honors.
He lived in a house, a little pompous, a
little overloaded perhaps with rich and
rare objects of artistic and antiquarian in
terest; his social talents were remarkable;
he was a fluent speaker, witb a handsome
presence and a manner not too suave to
be courtly; he arranged his surroundings
in tbe most picturesque fashion, he him
self was always the most conspicuous
and picturesque figure.
He was knighted on his election as
president of the Royal Academy in 1878;
eight years later he was created a baronet,
and just before his death, but a few days,
in fact, the rather empty honors of a peer
age were conferred upon him. The acad
emies of Vienna, Brussels, Florence, Peru
satellite of Neptune has its orbit tipped
over 150 degrees, and is, in fact, upside
down. Of the two moons of Mars, one
rises in the east and sets in the west, and
the other rises in the west and sets in the
east. The credulous man who would cry
"impossible" upon reading this announce
ment of the discovery of the earth's in
visible moon has therefore the satisfaction
of voicing his ignorance and self-conceit
in so dong; for the testimony of the stars
proclaims the absurdity of all human con
ceptions.
In one way only can ocular demonstra
tion be had of the existence of our invisi
ble satellite, and that is found in the
occulta! ion of stars caused by its passage
between them and the earth. Such phe
nomena could only be momentary, and
by reason of its extreme briefness may be
well overlooked even by trained ob«ervers
specially on watch for such occurrences.
It is, however, no infrequent thing for
such phenomenon to receive notice. Every
astronomical observer has had the experi
ence of the momentary occlusion of a star.
The matter, however, is generally of so
minute a period of time that no consider
ation has been given to it, except perhaps
to attribute it to some passing mass of
vapor or else a visual defect of a tempo
rary character in the retina of the ob
server, natural to a prolonged strain of
the optic nerve.
One of the most interesting features of
sidereal astronomy is the erratic appear
ances and disappearances of stars. The
books are full of the records of stars which
have suddenly blazed forth with greater
or less brilliancy and then faded back into
obscurity and of stars that have suddenly
and without premonition been blotted out
from sight only to reappear after the lapse
of a short period. The explanation of
such phenomena is given by astronomy in
its statement that there are many iuvisi
gia, Berlin and Antwerp elected him to
honorary membership; he .was a com
mander of the Legion of Honor, a knight
of the Prussian order "Pour le M-Tite,"
an associate of the Institute of France.
He was courted, flattered and cordially
liked by all classes, pre-eminently, how
ever, by the aristocracy, who bought his
pictures and considered him the most
brilliant feature of any social function.
When presiding at academy meetings or
at the annual dinners, his red robes of of
fice, worn with so much pleasure and
grace, seemed the most appropriate cos
tume ior this latter-day epicurean.
His work occupies five enormous rooms
at Burlington Hou-e. The weather since
the opening has been vindictively cold;
snow, sleet, cutting winds and the semi
darkness cannot lessen the enthusiasm of
his admirers. The great court at Burling
ton House, through which the wind
sweeps with a rush, is always crowded
with carriages. A row of footmen, shiv
ering under their sables, wait under the
pillars for their irrepressibly art-loving
masters and mistresses. The rooms are
crowded almost too much for comfort.
Such an exhibition is a mistake in win
ter. That yellow southern glow in which
Lord Leighton loved to place his lightly
clad figures is an inappropriate background
for the men and women who, buried in
furs and cloaks and muffled to their ears,
come to see and criticize.
There are more than 300 numbers. It is
remarkable to see how rarely the artist
rises above or talis below the standard of
bis first labors. The earlier studies are of
richer tone, deeper in color; he has been
nearer to the Italian masters he loved.
Gradually the general atmosphere light
ens, until it is almost like a water-color in
superficial delicacy. At times the suriace
is as smooth as wax and the execution a
little cloying in its sweetness. Generally
the picture is saved by the noble— if Some
what conventional— and the
unfailing elegance of line.
"The Summer Moon" i.» one instance in
which the painter rose above his own
level. Every one has seen a reproduction
of those two magnificent figures leaning
against one another, with clasped hands,
asleep. Behind them is a circular open
ing through which the moonlit sky is seen.
It is only necessary to read the titles of
the pictures to see that the nineteenth
century was a mere anachronism to Lord
Leighton. His imagination was peopled
by nymphs and satyrs of Homeric days.
b!e stellar bodies cavorting through space
and tbat "these sudden disappearances
and reappearances are due to one of these
invisible stars passing between the earth
and the occluded star." The presence of
the invisible satellite of the earth will ac
count for much of this phenomena.
A wonderful field of speculation is
op-ned up by this latest discovery. Is the
invisible satellite a portion of the original
earth us is the visible moon now supposed
to be? Why does it not revolve around
the earth? Perhaps it will be found that
when we are able to definitely say what is
the exact shape of the visible moon and
why it always presents to us the same
face we shall be able to intelligently begin
the discussion of this question. Has mag
netism or electricity any part in causing
it to maintain its position / Is it receding
from the earth? [Its distance is now
about 1,600,000 miles from the earth] ls
it soire wandering body like a comet
which has fallen within the scope of the
earth's attraction and held captive to our
ball? These and many other questions of
like character naturally present .them
selves. They will undoubtedly stimulate
research into cosmical phenomena near
er home, an i we hope that the coming
century will witness our acquirement of
knowledge that shall enlighten us regard
ing our immediate surroundings more
fully than appears to grace the record of
the passing one. It is, of course, ex
tremely interesting to learn that there are
stars so far away that light traveling with
the inconceivable velocity ot 200,000 miles
a second would require millions of years
to reach our earthly vision coming from
these distant globes; but such informa
tion, while wondrous, is not the most in
structive. The majestic plories of 'he
Himalayas are grand and inspiring; they
are to be viewed, studied and appreciated;
but in the meantime do not let us neglect
our own front yard. F. M. Close, D.Sc
One of the best known of the large
decorative compositions is "Hercules
Wrestling With Death for the Body of
Alcestis." It is singularly powerful and
the figure of death might almost have
been included among the pictures by
Frederick Watts. . .-:
Alcestis, robed in white, lies under large
trees in the center of the picture; the
mourners, in attitude" of grief and horror
watch the contest spellbound, and behind
these motionless figures is the sea, the
FRAGMENT SKETCH OF GROUP OF GREEK SLAVES.
[From Leighlon's "Andromache at the Well."}
VAIN MAN, LOOK
TO YOUR LAURELS
This Pretty Qirl Gonstable Declares That
Women Are Natural Officials
iFf^LLEGHANY, Pa., Feb. 15. —A
kliJ .' young woman in this town has
■«i\\/ found a new vocation. She bas
become a constable. Just as much author
ity is hers as any man could have in a
similar position, and, what is more, she is
always ready to fulfill her duties. Miss
Florence A. Klotz is the young lady who
has branched off from the conventional
highway of womanhood, and promises to
to become a model for the whole constabu
lary from Maine to California.
Miss Klotz does not go around swinging
a club, because constables are not sup
posed to perform that sort of duty. Sbe
was appointed to the position she holds
that she might act as constable for her
father, Alderman Edward Klotz of this
city. Her principal occupation is the
serving of papers and kindred duties that
attach to the special officer devoted to the
service of an Alderman. Very often it
happens that individuals learn that an
alderman's constable is looking for tbem
with a paper and tbey find it very con
venient to be absent when the constable
calls. It is a peculiar fact that the femi
nine constable of Alleghany meets with
no such difficulties. Constable Klotz is a
very pretty girl and she is only 18 years
old.
dark, bright southern sea. In "Belaus*
tion's Adventure" Browning speaks of Ny
in this wise: " .***•
1 know, too, a great Kaunlan pa n ter, strong
As Ilerakles, thou :h nay with a robe
Of grace that, s ftens down the ain-wy strength;
And he has made a picture of It all.
There lies Alkenis dead, beneath to* sun
She longed to look her last tip in.
1 pronounce that piece
Worthy to set up in our Pirklle.
As a whole, in walking through these
great rooms it is not of the Greeks one
think-— but of two modern men of whom
one is constantly reminde! and of whom
Lord Lei:hton seems the English transla
tion: Ingres the Great and Bmguereanl
Van Dyke Brown.
About 1000 fishing-boats engaged around
the British coast are named Mary.
Like all those who have joined tbe ranks
over whicli the banner of new woman
hood flaunts Constable Klotz is able to _t
speak for herself. When it is impossible*
to speak sbe has no hesitation in writing, V
for a woman is never at a loss for an expe
dient. Read what she has written :
"To the Editor: I have never been able
to see why a woman should not help her
self. Everybody that studies tbe Bible
knows that it says the Lord helps those
who help themselves, and what better
authority can anybody ask tban that? I
am sure there is nothing said about sex in
the Bible, so far as that is concerned. In
the first place, I was on the road for my
father as a saleslady for bis candy busi
ness. I started in in that line when I was
15 years old, and naturally acquired a
large quantity of experience in the line of
the mystery of human nature. I am nat
urally of an enterprising disposition and
not very slow to make up my mind, let
the circumstances be what they may.
"One thing I know that would benefit
the community at large, and that is that
it would be better to bave women as con
stables, who would attend to their duties
and nothing else, than to have a lot of
men whose ambition would be centered
on the best whisky. The position of con
stable is generally voted to some old poli
tician or the friend of such in this State.
Hence the result is a pitiable one.
"It is my impression that there is a fitld
for women in the constable line as well as
for men, judging from my observations in
the neighborhood. If the women cannot
do as well as the class of men c osen con
stables here then they had better retire
and not try to do anything at all. I do
not mean to say that all the men wbo are
made constables are bad, but they are
sorely tempted to* tread the path that
leads to that condition in the course of
their duties.
"It seems to me that the time is rips in
this country of ours for women to enfran
chise themselves. It is time for this to be \
the case when husbands have to work for*
$1 a day, and consequently are not able tv
support a wile— much less a family. It is
no concern of the public whether the con
stable is a man or a woman, just so long
as the work is done quickly and properly.
Women possess the necessary .brains to be
constables just as much as tbe men do,
and what is more they use their brains to
the advantage of the public as well as
themselves.
. "Of course they are not Samsons and if
actual force is required, wbich hapnens
very seldom, the constable bas a legal right
to summon any one within hailing dis
tance to give aid. Now, then, don't you
see that a . woman can get along as con
stable, for aren't the men always ready to
fight for the women, and if they battled
for a woman and for law and order too,
what a splendid cause they would be
championing. Still, I must confess that,
as a general rule, a man is more amenable
to the influence of a dear creature wbo
cannot fight, and, besides, would not,
than to a direct application of muscular
force.
"As a matter of fact my father would
not let me undertake anything in which
there was the sii. htest possibility of
danger. He would rather, much rather,
hunt up a constable somewhere in the
town to perform the service. 1 don't
know.- about the new woman part of it,.
What 1 think is just what I said before*,
It don't seem to me there is any reason o J
earth why a woman should not help her
self, and why she isn't able to fill lots of
positions that are only given to men.
"Flobknce A. Klotz. "
80 far as is known Miss Klotz is the
only wom*n in the United States or any
other place who has been appointed a con-*
stable.A NIGHT WITH THE GODS AND GODDESSES OF THE TEN-GENT GALLERY
IfiF the man who plays the villain at ]
-h Morosco's is not paid a higher salary j
_$, than any other actor in the same cast !
then the eternal fitness of things has not ;
been subserved.
For that villain is a man who deserves
a large income and the commisera- !
tion of an unprejudiced people. In !
his professional sphere he is an Ishma- '
elite— a creature despised, hooted and
hissed at— one everlastingly held up to
scorn and to whom the plaudits ol audi
ences are unknown, and whose only por- \
tion is execration and vilifying abuse.
It is on patronage of a peculiar charac
ter that the financial success of the house |
largely depends, and it is to that patron- ;
age that the management and the players
find it profitable to cater, and it is for a '
AH -HA 1 FOILED MAIN!
particular class that the villain must be f
villainous and that he must be hissed and J
jeered; yea, and sometimes stoned. He
must be so unequivocally vile as to stir
demon hatred within the bosoms of the
gods of the gallery; he must, to be a suc
cess, mate them hate him almost with
the hatred that infuriates a mib to the
degree when hundreds of men inflamed
by passion will beat down one poor, de
fenseless creature — the man that does
all this earns, if he does not receive, a
princely income.
The enjoyment of the people of the galler
ies is not confined to the mere sense of vi
sion, as they not only see a play, but feel it
as well. They drink in draughts of human
passion during the two and a half hours
they spend ln those packed lofts; as in
toxicating to them as the charms of
Syrinx to Pan, the wine-cup to the drunk
ard or flattery to a woman. For the insig
nificant sum of 10 cents these men and
women enjoy thrills of emotion that many
blase men of millions would squander
their fortunes to experience.
Desire, Fear, Hope, Joy, Grief, Love and
Hatred come to these occupants of 10-cent
seats in the opera-house on Mission street
during the little while they sit upon the
uncushioned benches and look down upon
the mimic stage below. All the emotions
which the players essay to portray are
real to them, and so It comes about that
the villain of the play is the most despic
able personage on earth to these queer
folk of the playhouse lofts— the men, the
women and the children.
Monday night is a great one at the
Grand, when one views the house from
• the upper gallery and allows himself to
be swept along, so nearly as may be, with
the rushing current of sentiment on
which the habitues of the lofts are borne.
The appetites of these gourmands of ths
melodrama have been whetted for days
by the flashy posters, over whose de
picted scenes they have gloated for hours
and as early as half- past 6 o'clock on Mon
day night they gather in hundreds before
the gallery entrance and clamor for ad
mittance. Men, women and children
* crowd and jostle each other in their
efforts to get near the big doors; but,
while every one In the homogeneous
throng is there ready and willing to "pro
_ tect" his or her rights with physical
force, it necessary, there is generally a
good-natured crowd on the whole.
The scene when the gallery doors are
thrown open is almost indescribable.
There is a mad rush for the box-office and
a wild clamor for seats and positions. No
great artist of the stage has ever been flat
tered by such a mad rush for tickets of
admission to their entertainment! The
AN f IEVATCD view op tv p v/|^ l a a
The Professional Stage Villain's Woeful Lot — Hisses, Hoots ar\d Jeers /-ire His Deserts at Morosco's.
Some-JMelodramatic Realism JMot on the Boards
crowd would now become a mob were it
not for the burly and eagle-eyed "bounc
ers." who, armed With their sharp sticks,
keep the component parts of the rabble in
something resembling order.
This class of patrons of the Grand know
the location of the different numcered
seats of the liou^e as well as the ushers
do. The first galleryite3 have their favor
ite seats and are emphatic in their demand
for them ; when they fail to get them they
are deprived of a moiety at least of their
evening's pleasure.
"Hey, there," piped a young gamin to
the man in the box-office, as he shoved a
grimy paw grasping two dimes over the
shoulder of a man in front of him toward
the ticket-seller's window, "Gimme six,
sev'n an' ate, four B. will yer?"
"Gone," said the man in the box-office,
after a glance at the sheet of paper in
front of him.
"Well, den,'' piped the gamin, without
a moment's hesitation, "gimme tree, fo'
an' five, tree A," and receiving the seats
ot bis second choice, he departed, par
tially mollified.
The favoritism of the people for certain
seats is extraordinary. It was only a few
days ago that a man in Stockton paid 40
cents for a telegram to the management
of the house, requesting that a certain 25-
I cent seat, which he named by number, be
reserved for him.
After the rise of the curtian the gal
lery gods "lay for" the hero and
heroine first and then for the villain. But
with what c nfl;cting emotions! Un
stinted applause await the former upon
their entrance, while derision, scorn and
emphatic disapprobation is tbe portion of
the latter. The galleries have studied the
posters and the programmes, and they
know the characters of the players before
their entrance. Sometimes they are led
astray, but not often.
An amusing incident happened in this
connection a few nights ago. Fred But
ler, who had been playing in villainous
roles at the theater for more than a year,
was, owing to the exigencies of the occa
sion, cast in a heroic part in a new play.
The gallery gods were misled. They had
known him and hailed him only as the
villain, and that he could be anything but
a double-dyed and loathsome monster was
beyond their ken, and so when he made
his first appearance upon the stage on this
occasion he received the storm of hisses
that had for so many previous nights been
his portion. But soon the audience of the
I loft began to wonder. This man was
j doing things hitherto unheard of in a v.l-
I lain.
"Say, Chimmie," said one gamin in the
front row, who, with his head between his
hands, had been studying the queer ac
tions of the ex-villain for some minutes,
to his chum in the seat beside him ; "say,
I dat K uy ain't de villyen ! He's de hero.
See?"
£ "Ah, whatcher givin' us!" responded
"Chimmie" contemptuously. "He's de
villyen all right. Don't yer know now
thin'? He's a foxy guy, doncher see? He's
jest a-playin' it low down on de gel, now;
fie jest, a-stringin' of her. See?. Jest
youse keep dem peepers o' yourn glued
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
on dat guy an' you'll see him trun her
down putty soon."
But the play progressed and Butler
failed to show his hand as "de villyen."
"Chimmie" became more and more per
plexed and disturbed, and was evidently
suffering because of the uncertainty of his
own mind.
The climax was reached when Butler
saved the life of the heroine.
"Dere, didn't 1 tell yer!" exclaimed
Chimmie's partner, triumphant in the
consciousness of the 'superiority of bis
own perspicuity, as the curtain fell upon
the thrilling scene. "Didn't I tell yer he
was de hero. He was de hero all de time,
an' I knowed it."
"Ah, de big stiff!" said •■Chimmie,"
disgustedly, as he made for the lobby to
find consolation in a "coffin tack."
One of the most thrilling climaxes ever
witnessed there was afforded by one
of the emotional patrons of the lofty
galleries. In the play then running a
little blind girl was a central figure. The
villain, by arts and wiles only known to
such as he, had gained the confidence of
the child whose life he had been hired to
destroy. Not wishing to murder the poor,
little innocent outright owing to a whole
some respect he pretended to entertain for
the gallows, this demon of darkness con
trived to take the little one into a mill
where, misled by him, s:;e should
run up against a buzzsaw which would
promptly do the rest, as the villain
desired. This part of the play had
been reached. The little one was groping
her way to the purported awful death and
the gallery was breathless. inch by inch,
little* by little the child approached the
whirring machinery. Every nerve in the
10-cent seats was strained. To their occu
pants the moment was one of agonizing
suspense. Suddenly a piercing, awful
shriek rang through the house and a
woman in the upper gallery fell forward
on the banch before hex unconscious. She
had supplied a climax that playwrights
may struggle in vain to produce, and the
curtain fell with the scene as written un
completed.
The men of the galleries, for the most
part, at different stages of the play make
their hatred of the villain known by mut
tered curses or lusty hisses and catcalls,
or by shouts and whistling when the hero
< FACIAL EXPRESSES * H THE 6AUHnr . .
DISCOVERY OF PRIMEVAL MAN
IfaT. was from Egypt that the races to
Ira which we belong borrowed their first
*$ knowledge of letters and science; and
now it seems that the great problem of
the age— how long has man inhabited the
earth ?— likely to be solved by a study
of tbe remains of antiquity in Egypt.
iln 1895 Flinders Petrie and Quibell dis
covered on a plateau thirty miles north of
Thebes remains of paleolithic man, which
proved tbat the spot had been the home
of a race of people whose presence in
Egypt had not been suspected, and which
had nothing in common with the Egyp
tians. Mr. Petrie's investigations were
continued in 1896 by M. Jacques de Mor
gan under the auspices of the Khedive;
they confirmed the English explorer's
theory that before' the Pharaonic period
Egypt had been inhabited for a period of
time which must have covered centuries
and may have embraced thousands of
years by a prehistoric race which at
tained a high degree of civilization,
though it was an entirely different civili
zation from that of the race which built
tbe pyramids and whose fantastic record
is recounted by Herodotus, Diodorus and
Manetho.
■ M. de Morgan starts from the period
when Egypt became fitted for the abode
of man. It arose from the waters during
the niiocene age, when there was no Nile
and no Red Sea; then at tho close of the
pliocene the land subsided, the ocean cov
ered the Saharan desert, and its tides
washed cliffs between Assouan and Om
bus. This period was followed by an up
lift of the earth, in which the Red Sea was
formed, emptying southward, and the
great Saharan Ocean became an arid
desert. Simultaneously, tbe melting of
equatorial glaciers discharged floods of
dili«i iai water northward and scooped out
the bed of the Nile. It is in such diluvium
beds tbat the oldest traces of human life
ere found in all parts ot the world, and
that life doubtless first appeared when
that diluvium was deposited in Egypt.
The oldest objects which demonstrate the
existence of man are Hint implements
found in the quaternary drift Such im
plements M. oe Morgan dug up in the
neighborhood of Thebes and Abydes.
Many of them were highly finished, pol
ished, and carved with images of serpents
and gui drupeds. which bear no analogy to
Egyptian hieroglyphs; and the learned
has brought about the downfall of the one
they so much despise. Great placards on
the wall announce that such loud mani
festations of disapproval or approbation
are prohibited, but the regular patrons of
the house bave no respect for these, and
hiss tbe villain and cheer the hero in su
preme disregard 01 the printed rule.
These people fairly revel in the melo
drama. To them it is all true, all real, all
intense. They believe it all. The actors
to them are appearing in their true char
acters and all the scenes and incidents to
them are genuine. Here is no place for
the scoffer. Woe betide the luckless indi
vidual who here essays to show his supe
rior worldliness by laughing when the
heroine is in peril or at any other inop
portune moment- If he escapes without
being done personal violence he will be
fortunate.
With some of the younger portion of
the audience the belief in the genuineness
of the creations of the melodrama is very
strong, almost fierce. The other night
two newsboys were discussing the private
character of the villain of the play.
"Ah 1 I tell yer, he's mean, jest nacherly
mean," said one who was championing
the genuineness of the play.
"Naw, he ain't. He's all rite on the
outside. Didn't he give me a nickel onct?
Guess I know," retorted the other.
"Dats all rite about bis givin' yer de
nickel. He was jest up to some of his
foxy tricks an' he'll trun ye down yet
if he gets de chanst. Ye'd better give him
de marble heart. Do yer think any man
can do tings as mean as he does down
dere an' bi all rite! Not in her life. He's
mean."
The gallery cods have carried this feel
ing of intense bitterness toward the villain
of the play to such a point that it becomes
a frenzy with them and drives them to im
passioned deeds. More than one actor,
forced to play in this unscrupulous role,
has aroused the enmity of the people of
the galleries to such an extent that they
have laid in wait for him outside the thea
ter and thrown stones and mud at him.
It is only a little while ago that a crowd
of these queer theater-goers chased a par
ticularly hated villian for a block or more
after be left the theater, pelting him with
missiles.
This feeling of animosity for the villain
Frenchman argues that man first appeared
in Eeypt when the race which fashioned
these objects was in the barbaric stage.
How long ago was that?
In the face of it the problem appears in
soluble. But from data which he has col
lected M. de Morgan reckons that the rate
of increase of altitude in the Nile Valley
owing to the deposit of silt brought down
by the river is about ten centimeters, or
four inches, per century, so that the base
of any building erected in the Nile Valley
at the time the Gizeh pyramids were con
structed must now be twenty feet below
the surface of the surrounding country.
It would seem to lollow that the depth at
which primitive flint instruments are
found below the surface of the soil in a
place where the deposit of the diluvium
has not been disturbed by water flow or
windstorm will prove the key to their
age; though of course such piaces are
rare, and in the case of objects which date
from very far back the depth must be
great.
Egyptian chronology has always been
and still is a matter of dispute among
Egyptologists. If we accept Marietta
Bey's opinion that King Menes reigned
about 5000 B. C. seventy centuries must
have elapsed since his time, and the level
of the soil of the Nile Valley must be
nearly twenty-four feet higher than it was
then. The skeletons and ornaments and
flint implements of the race which pre
ceded him must lie at least that distance
below the surface; and if, as it is not un
reasonable to assume, that race of which
M. de Morgan has discovered remains
had .been flourishing several thousand
years before Menes. the excavation would
have to be proportionately deeper.
Yet there is nothing in Morgan's finds
that is new. to archaeologists. They con
sisted of flint blades, with the cores from
which they were detached, hammers,
hatchets,' scrapers, saws, sickles, spears
arrowheads, mostly of flint, bnt some of
diorite, serpentine and hematite, and
with. these knives cut and carved with re
markable skill. On one of them, which is
now in the Gizeh Museum, there is a bas
relief of a lion chasing gazelles, which is
really a work of art and has nothing
Egyptian about it.
The burial of the dead was quite dif
ferent from the form observed in Phara
onic Egypt In the latter the mummies
is enhanced, not alone by his own acts,
but by th* goo J deeds of the hero and the
heroine as well. When tho good young
man clasps his long-10-t sister in his arms
and exclaims, "I will find the man who
wronged you or I'll die!" the gallery ex
claims, "Hudy gee, dats bully!" but an
additional moiety of hatred goes out to the
villain. Every little heroic act of the
players adds to the unpopularity of the
villain. The gallery judges not of a play
er ability; it judges him according to his
role.
For the actor who plays the villain here
there is no glory in the eyes of the people
of the lofts, no matter what may be his
histrionic talent. If the text of the play
writes him a villain, a villain in all things
he must be, and that is all there is about
it. The heroic deeds of the hero and
heroine, the faultlessness of tbe good
young man, the queerness of the hayseed
and the comicalities of the comedian all
serve to increase the enmity of the top
lofters for the bad man of the melodrama.
When a villain takes a climax with un
usual force and thereby displays unusual
talent, his only reward is a storm of
hisses. The greater his force, the more
vociferous bis denunciation from the gal
leries. Hated, despised, hissed at, without
an encouraging word or hand-clap, the
villain must stalk through the play alone,
an Ishmaelite.
When the gallery starts to hiss a villain
the bouncers may as well keep quiet and
let the gods have it out. There is no
stopping the storm of condemnation and
no effort is now made to do so. In the
old days, when Morosco's was on Howard
street, there would be times when the
audience would put a temporary stop to
the play by "calling down de villyen,"
but the gallery of the present house is hot
quite so rude.
Intensity prevails, however, from the
rising of the curtain to its final drop, save
during the intervals between the acts. As
soon as the gods and goddesses reach tbeir
coveted seats they are all attention, and
nothing can divert them from the scene
being enacted down below them.
With their heads between their hands
they sit and stare steadily upon the stage,
except when they straighten up in order
to give free vent to their whistles or hisses.
They are free in their running comments
were laid upon the back with the arm'
crossed over the lower part of the chest.
The prehistoric corpses were inclined
slightly to the left side, with the legs
bent upward. In one of the necropo
lises skulls were found on a stone
slab; they do not materially vary from
the skulls of modern races. In another
figurines representing human beings en
veloped in a cloak or dcmino exhibit a
marked contrast to the similar objects
found in Egyptian tombs.
Flinders ' Petrie said of this race that
"the men were very tall and powerful, with
strong features, a hooked nose, long
pointed beard and brown wavy hair, as
shown by their carvings and bodily re
mains. There is no trace of the negro
type; in general they seem allied to the
Lybians and Amorites."
" A remarkable discovery very lately
made is that the bodies were generally
mutilated before burial. One large and
important tomb showed from skulls
placed between stone vases on the floor a
separate heap of loose bones of several
bodies together, and around the sides
human bones broken open at the ends and
scooped out It is evident that an
thropophagy had preceded burial, and
that the primeval race was given to can
nibalism. . A marked development in the
size of the legs shows that they were a race
of hunters. In the ancient, prehistoric
days the Nile was probably full of islands
which were the resort of wild beasts.
Mr. Petrie thinks that the new races
were Lybians who invaded Egypt from
the west when the waters of the Sahara
dried up, and, strange to say, he infers
from their carvings that v they were con
temporaneous with the Pharaohs of the
seventh dynasty. M. de Morgan assigns
them a much greater antiquity. With
better reasons tban can be drawn from
their flint implements and their carvings,
he supposes that when t c Sahara waters
flowed off into the Mediterranean in con
sequence of the uplifting of Northern
Africa the inhabitants of Lybia naturally
migrated eastward and established : new
homes in the valley of the Nile. When
this was we are not in a position to de
termine, but it was probably long before
the earliest of the monarchical aynasties.
John Bonner.
A crocodile takes eighty seconds to
turn completely round.
on the play and the actors, are these peo
ple who look upon the stage from such
lofty perches. They have a most keen ap
preciation of the pathetic and the humor
ous and they pass easily from muttering
curses for the villain to hearty laughter at
the fun of the comedian, or to tear.'ul and
gulping silence when villainy and comedy
give place to pathos— when the lights are
W^ENTHF VILLAIN GETS IN %
lowered and the music is played in minor
chords.
It is well that this is so. Did not these
other emotions serve as a safety valve the
soul of the gallery god would soon be
seared by his burning hatred of the bad
man of "de piece."
But what the gallery cherubs love better
than anything else that can be presented
on the stage is a scrap between the good
young man and the villain. The play
that embraces such an incident is sure to
bs a success from the point of view of the
gallery. Of course the villain must be in
gloriously whipped. That's a necessity.
At such a time the gallery becomes
wildly excited and all kinds of gratuitous
j advice and encouragement is shouted to
j the good young man.
'He's got Mm now!" an excited gamin
I will cry, as the good young man seems on
I the point of finishing the villain.
"No, he aint!" another will yell.
"Yes, be has!'' will come from another,
while from all parts of the house will
ascend shouts directing the good young
j man "to hold on to 'im." or to "smash 'im
in de chaw," while some of the gods
thirst so for the blood of the bad man that
they advise their favorite to "chew his
ear."
When the hero with a rattle of pistol
shots lays the villain low the gallery
heaves a satisfied "Ah!" and prepares to
leave the nearest place to heaven they
know. Thi3 "Ah," sighed forth from the
very heart of the gallery god, signifies his
greatest satisfaction.
It is always thus with the gallery gods.
They have a never-failing word of cheer
for the horo; an ever ready hiss for the
villain.
For some reason the gods and goddesses
of the gallery do not seem to entertain the
same degree of hatred for the female vil
lain of the play that they do for the vil
lain, and In this a condition that prevails
in the ordinary walks of life in politer
society is reversed.
To the gallery people the bad woman
of a play is more a creature of their
contempt than of their hatred. She
is merely an adjunct necessary to the
machinations of the villain, and, in their
contemplation of the chief monster, she
fades into insignificance from their point
of view.
Even at the matinees for children, with
many of those in attendance so young
that they have to climb into the seats, the
villain of the play is an ogre, a bu bear, a
creature to be despised. They know him
when he first enters into the play; they
follow him through all his evil doings and
treasure them up against him, and when
the curtain falls upon the last act these
little Indians gather outside the theater
and wait for the villain until he appears
on the street ana then they jeer him as he
makes bis way homeward.
For even the children hate the villain at
Morosco's.
Jhe J-leWest Light.
Extreme interest attaches to the ac
counts which have been received from
Japan of recent experiments by Professor
Muroaka of Kioto. The swarms of glow-
I worms which adorn and illuminate the
| June nights in that neighborhood sug
gested to the professor that they might be
: made to yield X rays. As a matter of fact,
| they yiel ted something altogether new in
: the way of light. Three hundred glow
! worms were shut up in a box with a
sensitive plate, covered with cardboard
j ana metal. An impression was pro
j duced where the cardboard lay on the
! sensitive plate, but not where it wis
j cut away. When the metal plates
: were removed and only perforated card
j board used, an impression was produced
j only through the perforations. The card
| board seemed to exert a "suction effect"
on the rays. The most striking property
of these rays seems to be that their
j penetrative power is imparted to them
; by filtration through paper, cardboard or
metallic plates. The unfiltered glow
: worm light exerts no photographic effect
j whatever. It behaves like ordinary light,
j and may be easily reflected, refracted and
I polarized. The glow-worm rays show
regular reflection, and so far as can at
I present be ascertained also refraction and
! polarization, but no action upon fluores
; cent screens or upon electric discharges.
j The active light comes from all parts of
j the body of the worm and penetrates its
j wings.
The Wayside Booth.
i She danced upon the wayside. Idlers stood
! To answer back her smile with mocking smile.
| Pilgrims and priests went by with lowered
hood-
Beggars and ruleis— women, fair and good.
Hurrying their steps, with aownward glance
the while*.
But children paused frankly and unafraid—
Their grave and innocent sweet eyes were
stayed
To watch the wonder of the whirling lace,
j The rounded limbs, the bold, dark, lovely face,
The bosom bare, the tempting, maddening
grace.
Soft dimpled hand in hand, they stood, and
when '*.7
Her wide glance caught their sweet, heart
piercing gaze ; ;■?'"-;'- : :*
As a pure Illy grew her cheek, and then
She danced for them— she was a child again.
Madeline S. Bridges, in Judge.
• c* a
Tacks are from a quarter to a half inch,
though, when accidentally stepped on,
this length seems to be multiplied by 100.
A pound of the smallest sized contains
16,000 tacks.
* — *■ — *
The old-time bobtailed mule cars, now
disused in most cities, were about ten feet
in I ngth; the electric cars of the latest
build are from forty to forty-six feet.
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY
BfJSLHE past week has been unusually cay. •
/IS, The Monday Night Dancing Class
\IW*I started the festivities, which have been
kept np without intermission during the en
tire week.
Society was kept busy attending weddings
and showering congratulations upon engaged
couples.
The engagement of Miss Ethel Cohen and
Lieutenant Bent seemed of all the betrothals
announced to be the most interesting. The
young" couple are extremely popular and have
the best wishes of hundreds of friends.
Miss Delia Davidson, a debutante, was the
guest of honor at a luncheon given on Wednes
day at the University Club by Mrs. Wi Ham J.
Landers. Those invited to meet Miss Davidson
were Miss Kate Thornton SallsDury, Miss Caro
Crockett. Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Genevieve
Carolan, Miss Frances Moore, Miss Bertha
Smith, Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Ella Morgan.
Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss
Helen Smith, Miss Harrington, Miss Daisy
Van Ness, Miss Louise Harrington and Miss
Bernice Landers.
The marriage of Marie Isabel Champlin,
daughter of George Champlin, the wealthy
stock and land owner of Tehama County, and
Frederick William Parker of New Brunswick,
N. J., will take place in the First Presbyterian
Church in Red Bluff, March 4. Miss Champlin
was for two years a favorite pupil, at Miss
Lake's schoo), and, is widely and favorably
known in this City, and indeed, throughout
the State. She ls a vivacious beauty of the
blonde type, and is possessed of a finished
musical education.
Mr. Parker is a gentleman of excellent famliy
and enviable business and social standing.
After the ceremony he will immediately take
his bride to a charming mansion recently
prepared in his Eastern home.
The tea given yesterday afternoon by Miss
Gers tie at the home of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Lewis Gerstle. on Van Ness avenue, was
a very elaborate affair. The hours were from
4 until 7, during which several hundred guests
were received and hospitably entertained.
Miss Gerstle received her guests assisted by
Miss Alice Greenwald. Miss Grace Hecht, Miss
Viey Lilienthal, Miss Alma Levison and Miss
Lulu Sussman. In the evening the ladies of
the receiving party and a corresponding num
ber of gentlemen were entertained at dinner.
Mrs. William P. Morgan cave a dinner party
last Tuesday evening at her residence on Jack
son street in honor of Captain and Mrs. Oscar
Fitzalan Long. U. S. A. The decorations were
all of a military character and very effective.
Covers were laid tor ten.
Mrs. Henry E. Bothin gave a progressive
euchre party last Wednesday at her residence,
1630 Jackson street, sixteen ladies were f
present and contested for some very handsome
prizes, and light refreshments were enjoyed at
the close of the game. .
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pond gave a pleasant
musicale last Monday evening at their home
on California street. Among those who con
tributed to the evening's entertainment were:
Arthur Weiss, Miss Beyler, H. B. Melvin, A. T.
Heilman, Frank Lincoln, Horace Miller and
Mr. Biggerstaff. A supper was served about
11 o'clock.
Mrs. William Ingraham Kip and the Misses
Mary and Clementina Kip gave a lunch party
at the University Club last Wednesday and
hospitably entertained liiteen of their friends.
Mrs. Luke Robinson gave a lunch party at
her residence last Tuesday in honor of Mrs. E.
K. Moore, wife of Lieutenant-Commander
Moore, U. S. N., formerly of Washington, D. C.
The others present were: Mrs. H. L. Dodgy
Mrs A. Holt, Mrs. W. P. Harrington, Mrs. W.
S. Woods, Mrs. William Grimm, Mrs. Richard
Bayne, Mrs. William T. Wallace, Mrs. O. P.
Evans. Mrs. J. Downey Harvey and Mrs. E.
Melville.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin gave a dinner
party recently at their residence, 1111 Pine !
street, and entertained Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. i
Bothin, Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Davidson, Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Ford,
Miss Delia Davidson and Edward M. Green
way.
Dr. and Mrs. Morton Grinnell fnee Cather
wood) are enjoying themselves in traveling
through Egypt. When last heard from they !
were the guests of Colonel and Mrs. Baldwin |
on board their floating palace, the Amnion Rl.
sailing up the Nile. They spent New Year's
day in Cairo and expect to be in Paris in May.
WEDDING BELLS.
Church and Home Ceremonies of
the Past Week.
There was a quiet wedding at the residence
of Mrs. E. M. Clark, 4-1 Oak street, Wednesday
evening last, when Miss Gussie Clark, daugh
ter of Mrs. E. M. Clark of this city, and Sol
Cameron of Rossland, B. C, were united in
marriage. The ceremony was performed at 9
o'clock. Rev. John Stevens ofliciatinsr. Music
and dancing and supper occupied the time
until a late hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, after a few days*
visit in this City, will go to Rossland, B. C,
their future home.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E.
£. Ames, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Goodrum, Mr.
and Mrs. George 1". Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. Benton
No Whist ia Jleatferv?
Little Julian came running in from school
theother noon, and, as usual, the Instant he
gets inside the door "calls" at the top of
his voice: "Mammal Mamma!!" Mamma
"echoes" : "Upstairs in papa's room." Up he
runs, shouting: "Half a day off, mamma: half
a day off! Can Igo over to Lill's after lunch
and play with Charlie?'' Mamma sat in
papa's big armchair at the window, looking
over a copy of "Whist Don'ts," just published
by the Owl Drug Company, and little Edna
was sitting at a card-table "Payin* wist."
In a few minutes Julian was out In the back
yard "running a trolly car" with a clothes
line, his papa's new fishing-rod attached, the
gong from the dining-table and an old crank
handled coffee-mill, a dry-goods box or two
and a lime-squeezer for a bell-punch, yelling:
"Transfers to Post and Leavenworth I"
Edna, after a long silence, says: "Mamma,
wat does 'at mean— 'af-a-day-off ?"
"It means, Edna, that there is no school this
afternoon and all the children can run out
and play or do anything they like li their
mamma lets them."
The next afternoon, in answer to a ring
from the doorbell, the girl announced that
the new pastor had called— showing him
to a seat in the parlor, not noticing little Edna
sitting on the floor with an old whist troy and
pack of cards her papa had given her.
The good parson undoubtedly wanting to
win the good graces of all his new children
says, "My little one, what are you playing
with ?"
"Tards. I'm payin' wist."
"Does your mamma know that you play with
cards?"
"Don't tare, my mamma don' t."
"Do you know where little children go
when they die if they play cards '
"I want to go 'ith my papa."
"Then you want to be a little angel, don't
you, and not go to the bad place ?"
Just then mamma came in, and Edna, hav
ing finished picking up her cards, ran out of
tbe room murmuring, "I'll ask my papa."
That night at her mother's knee, after Edna
hod finished repeating her little prayers, she
raised her bead, and with her large black eyes
looking up ln her mamma' face she asks :
"Mamma, is Dod dood?"
"Why certainly God is good."
"Don't Dod love oo an' papa?"
"Yes, Edna; God loves papa and loves every
body. Why do you ask such a question, dear?"
"That genemen in the parlor tole mc if 1
payed tards when I died I would do to 'at bad
pace. I tot if Dod is awful dood if papa died
and if I died and was a docd little angel If I
asked Him he might div us af a day off once a
wile an' 'et us pay wist."
Forced Finesse, by John H. Briggs.
Tbe following illustrated deal and play is a
Dalton, Mr. and Mrs. James McKee, Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Price, Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Cronin,
Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Chcsnev, Mr. and Mrs Bov
ver, Mrs. E. M. Clark, Mrs. Hat Bovver of
Sacramento. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Ames, Mrs.
Kiltie Inglis. Mrs. E;Ja Knox, Miss Pearl
Goode, Miss Edith Jones. Miss Gertrude Hill,
Miss Mary Gropan, Mis-; Agnes McKuen, Miss
Maitie Ferris, Miss May Bovyer. Nelson Bov
ver, E. M. Ames, Fred Clark, Master Willie
Goodrum, Master Carol H. Ames.
Wednesday evening last the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo was the scene of a pretty
wedding, the contracting parties being John
J. Dunn, a popular member of Pacific Par
lor, N". B. G. W., and Miss Mary V. Cunning
ham, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Cun
ningham of 2408 Folsom street.
The ushers were Messrs. C. McMenomy,
James Dunn, George Mills and James Cun
ningham. The groom was attended by 1).
Herlily. The bridesmaid was Miss Alice Cun
ningham. The bride's three younger bisters
were the maids of honor.
The bride, who was Riven away by her
father, Is a petite demi-blonde, who looked
beautiful in white satin brocade trimmed
with lace and orange blossoms; a lone tulle
veil and wreath of orange blossoms completed
the costume.
Alter the ceremony, which was performed
by Rev. P. Cummins, the couple repaired to
the home of the bride's parents, where they
received the congratulations of their many
friends.
Upon their return from their wedding tour
in Southern California Mr. and Mrs. Dunn
will occupy their new home on Ashbury
Height-.
The wedding of Charles Levin and Miss
Sarah Fass, daughter of A. Fass, took place
last Sunday, February 7, at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs, 631 Union street. After
the ceremony, which was performed by Rev.
Dr. M. S. Levy, a reception and banquet was
given in Weasel's HalL The hall was deco
rated with violets, roses and evergreens.
The wedding of Miss Louisa Reiser, daugh
ter of Mrs. Augusta Reiser, and Paul Schroeder
was ce. ebrated on the 14th.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev. J.
Fuendellng. A sumptuous supper, music and
dancing kept the guests in good cheer uutil
the wee hours of morning. Both the young
people are very popular, and upon their re
turn frcm a'i extended honeymoon will re
ceive at 700' Lai kin street.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Bethrothals Made Pub
lic During the Week.
The engagement of Miss Florence Olcovich,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. Olcovich, to
Henry Goldstone of the firm of Goldstone
Bros, of this City is announced. They will be
pleased to receive their friends at the resi
dence of Herman Olcovich, 1710 Geary street,
on Sunday, February 28, from 2 to 5 p.m.;
also following Wednesday, March 3.
The engagement is announced of Miss Hen
rietta Weil to Sol Sondheimer. They will re
ceive Sunday, February 21, and the following
Wednesday nt the residence of Mr. and Mrs. L.
Weil, 909 Ellis street.
The engagement is announced of Samuel C.
Greenberg of the firm oi Greenberg & Green
berg and Miss Cnrrie Miller, daughter of the
late B. IL Miller, formerly of Nevada City.
They will receive on Sunday afternoon, Feb
ruary 28, and the following Monday at 715 a
O'Farreil street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacobowicz announce the en
gagement of % their niece. Bertha Dzaiosynska,
to David Abrams. They will receive Sunday,
February 28, at 1314 Howard street.
Mr. and M.-s. A. Lewis announce the engage
ment oi their sister. Miss Frances Ries, and
AbeHarshftU. They will receive on Monday,
February 22, from 2t*)sr. M., at 2917 day
street.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Linden Reception for the Benefit
of Lebanon Church.
Mrs. William Linden, 433 Jersey street,
gave a reception at her residence in
aid of the home mission of tho Lebanon
Presbyterian Church, on the evening
of the 12th inst. The following ladies and
gentlemen were among the guests: Rev. and
Mrs. Donald M. Ross, Miss Elaine Ross, Mr.
and Mrs. ,F. Joseph Spencer, Mr. and Mrs.
James T. Mclnnis, Miss Marguerite Mclnnis,
Professor T. A. Robinson, Mrs. Thompson,
Master Richard Thompson, Miss Mary L. Slo
cum, William Holland, Miss Anna McArthur,
Miss Llbby. Edward Kerr, Miss Belle Hawkins,
William Barr, Miss Jessie Bellman, Mlsi Leslie
Sarle, Mr. and Mrs. Carroll, Mr. Holman, Miss
Ciara Collett, Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Jones,
Mrs. Vincent Bellman, Miss Alice Bell
man, Miss Ada Chidlev, John Linden,
Mrs. George Thackery, Miss G. Harper, Mrs.
John Lightner, Master Fred Lightner, Mrs.
Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. David Linden, Miss
Edith RusseP, Proft ssor B. Shrafl, Ms Reis*
Mrs. Robert Smith, Miss Edith if. Smith. Mrs.
Matheson, Master George and Miss Estelle
Matheson, Mrs. William Linden, Miss Char
lotte S. and Gracie M. Linden, Mrs. Mary
sadler.
Professor B. Shrafl rendered some excellent
selections on the piano, and after reciting and
singing by the laales Professor T. A. Robinson,
fine practical illustration of what is known as
tho forced finesse. Old whist-pltyers, as well
as young ones, can get a fine point in whist
play by spreading out the cards in this deal
and studying the play. This is one of John H.
Briggs' sample illustrations of the forced
finesse and occurs very often in play— fact,
almost every night— but seldom taken advan
tage of except by experts.
Mr. Briggs argues that if you open the hand
from a suit of queen and four small cards, and
partner wins the first trick and returns the
suit, it is almost always useless to play the
queen, even if the player to your right covers
the card led on the rejturn by your partner.
Six of clubs trumps. South to lead.
The winning cam is underscored.
SOVTH.,
WEST.
MOBTH.
1
2.
3
4.
&
«
7
8.........
9_..;...
60 \
_A+_j
8 +
6*
30
9* '
QO
yo
70
QO
30
60
1.
40
2+
54*
Q*
_AO_
7*
2*
8*
*
KO
50
70
I
04. I
Kg.
ao
AA
2O
3*
6*
AO
50
3+
6 +
9 +
100
4*
JO
10*
Q*
20
40
90
LO
LI
Lii
L 3
Score: North and South 12, East and West 1.
COMMENTB ON THE PLAY. .
Trick sonth must pass the 10— tbe forced
finesse. When the ace falls North marks South
with queen ana East with jack.
Trick 6— South by his discord has shown
weakness in spades. North sees that be can
get a discard of both his small spades by win
ning with ace and giving South the deuce of
THE SAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
• the bard of Lebanon Church, recited in his
j best style a historic poem written lor the oc
casion.
Mrs. Harry Y. WitbecK entertained a num
; ber of her friends at the Hotel Baltimore Sun
; day evening last. Those present were*. Mr.
i and Mrs. 11. W. Bloom, Miss Dorothy Bloom,
i H. Y. Witbeck, Mr. and Mrs. J. Whitney, Miss
■ Klla Whitney, Mrs. Jams H. Love, Miss Irene
i A. Love, Miss Gertrude K. Srellan.
The euchre party given by the Misses
| ing at their home, 7lo Ellis street, on Tuesday,
i was participated in by about sixty ol their
! young friends. The decorations were most
j elaborate, daffodils and violets prevailing.
■The ladies were assisted by Mrs. Charles Fox
i Tay, Mrs. D. E. Mil. s, Mrs. William Bertsch,
j Mrs. Arthur Smith, Miss Fairman. Miss Harrub
land Miss Miller. The first prize was won by
j Miss May Crowell, the second by Miss Susie
I Wells, the third by Miss Laura Wells and the
MISS MARIE ISABEL CHAMPLIN, the Young Society Belle, Who Is Soon to Wed Mr.
Frederick W. Parker at Red Bluff.
fourth by Miss May Lowell. The consolation
prise was awarded to Miss Turnbull.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
* Social Organizations Entertain
Their Friends.
A most enjoyable and successful affair was the
reception given on Tuesday evening, February
10, at Lunt's Hall by the N. S. I* K. No. 10.
The grand promenade was led by Mr. and Mrs.
Charles W. Spalding. Charles W. Spalding acted
as floor director, ossioted by the following com
mittee: Herman H. Herzer, Henry A. Whitiev
Fred T. Martens, Robert F. Halght, Fred G
Gantner and Sanford G. Lewald.
Those present were: Miss Grace E. Bertz,
WHIST
hearts. Very many players would have led
the lowest spado instead of the fourth best.
Trick 10— North has two trumps and two
suit cards, both diamonds. In this position
South must lead the queen, treating along
suit like a short one.
Qeorge L. Bunrv or\ the Force.
We hope the whist readers of The Call will
appreciate, as we do ourselves, every oppor
tunity that presents itself to read the articles
from the pen of George L. Bunn. He has never
written a book on the game, but once a week
in the St. Paul Globe be gives the whist read
ers of the country a very interesting article.
The last one treats on the above subject. jHe
says:
There are very few points in whist play that so
pozzle the beginner and cause so much trouble be
tween players of moderate ability as the question
of when to force or not to force partners. Only a
few days ago we overheard a flne player make the
remark that in bis opinion more tricks were lost
by the refusal to force partner than were gained.
We will preface this discussion with the statement
that our experience compels us to deny this con
clusion. We take ln general an extreme view
against the free forcing of partner. As Hamilton
well says: "At best the forolng game is a poor one.
It is a cheap way of making tricks. There are
comparatively few hands where the best play— the
play which will make the most ricks— renders it
necessary to deliberately lorca your partner.
Playing for a ruff or a cross-ruff Is cheap whist
and very often results In loss, even when the ruff
IS 'established. There ls nearly always a better
line of ploy possible." ■'» •;.:.*
Hamilton gives the commonly accepted general
which apply to forcing partner with great
clearness, and w-j cannot improve on them. They
are as follows:
HAMILTON'S BULKS WITH BC.tS'B COMMENTS.
Rule L Do not force your partner when you aw
weak in trumps.
. It will be safe for the moderate player aad be
ginner never to violate this rule. Tbe cases when
its violation is Justifiable are covered by some of
the following principles.
Rule 2. You may fore* yonr partner when yon
arc strong in trumps.
This tale is subject to many exceptions. We
will enaeavor to stats some that occur to us :
(aJ Vl hen partner has shown four trumps it ls
ordinarily better play to lead trumps If your suit
or partner's declared suit needs protection and
postpone ibe force until later In the hand. It con
be given tben without danger from overtrumping
and It may become unnecessary by reason ot dis
cards secured. The trump that partner save i by
not being forced Is often the means by which ho
sV\r, tl mm9WW.it l*l IIHWSI- '--■*• ' '-" **- ■' J -' *" *
Miss M. Metropolskl, Miss Alice Deming, Mis-
Eva Worth, Miss Romilda Frapoli. Miss Sadie
Gardner, Miss Kate Bvlngtou, Miss Clara By
ington, Miss Emma Prosek, Miss Mabel Mc-
Fadden. Miss Annie Gibson, Miss Susie Hall,
Miss Susie Logan, Miss Marcelle Green, Miss
Alberta Gruenhageu, Miss Mizpah Frieder
ich, Miss Emma Althof, Miss Jeannette Cla
| Drough, Miss Addie . McColgen, Miss Marie
Walsh, Miss Mary T. Alexander, Miss Dorotny
i Kane, Miss Dora Hufschmidt, Miss Felice
King-ford, Miss M. E. Phillips. Miss Emily
] Seibel, Miss M. Seibel. Miss Rosa Sweet Miss
I Nellie Giustj, Mrs. Minnie Bresw, Miss Alvia
| Cousins, Miss E. Cudworth, Miss Marie Wilson,
I Miss Bessie Roden, Miss RoseMcCormack, Miss
j Marie Wilson, Miss Belle Hemmenway, Miss
j Josephine Jourdan, Miss Florence G. Schroth,
' Miss A. Schroth, Miss Lulu Cordes; Miss Dora
• Cordes, Miss M. Fritschi. Miss Gertrude Benja-
I mm, Miss May Miller, Miss Edith Rogers, Miss
Minnie Hufschmidt, Miss Louisa Hufschmidt,
Miss Julio Borkhaus, Miss MaeHo;scli, Miss
Emily Herz-r. Miss N. Kalenbach, Miss Carrie
Strehl. Miss Alice Felling. ■ Mr. and
Mrs. Mabry McMahon, Mr. and Mr*. George
D. Graham, Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Spalding,
Miss Florence D. Jones, Miss Lotta Colllson,
Miss Emma Iloesch, Miss Florence Wilson,
Miss Gertie Stadtfelt, Miss Emma Redmond,
Miss oi«a Westerfelt, Mis* May Folsom. Miss
Maud Folsom, Miss Lillie W. Cook, Miss Netta
Creighton, Miss Leta Woodworth, Miss Leah S.
Young. Miss Ella tstadtfelt, Miss Maud Rice,
Miss Marie Babin, Miss Sophie Schilling. Miss
Hattie Cook, Mies LortaMusto, Miss McAllister;
Bert Ingalsoee, Louis Schord Jr., E. A. Learv.
•■eorge R. Gay. Jesse Whited. Chester Judab.
Louis F. Byington, Emilo White, Richard
William G. Yonke, W. B. Meckfessel, W.
W. Funge Jr., Dr. Nob J. J. Van Nostrand,
R. C. Thompson, George F. Heuer, E. B. Child,
re-enters later In tbs band and makes the cards ot
h s established suit.
ft>) it Is »ieqnenUy better play to lead a strength
ening card to partner's salt, or to lead from weak
ness to his discard, for partner must lead after ac
cepting the force, and a lead to your weakness
may oe disastrous. This Is almost a ways better
play when partner has shown four trumps, and Is
often advisable when you have no indication of his
trump strength.' ;-*• : ••■
ft) Do not be in a hurry to force partner when
you see a probability of a better score by another
line of play. For example, your partner tramps a
suit and leads Jack of his suit; you hold ace and
one small ana win with ace; you have great trump
strength— to exhaust trumps, and losing
cards of the suit partner can trump. Unless .you
con absolutely depend on your partner's leading a
trump after the force, it is folly to force him, for
another lead of his suit may put it out of your
power to bring it in. Draw the trumps and dis
card your losing cards on partner's salt It Is afar
better game and a winding one.
Id) Be careful about forcing partner when the
play will give an adversary au advantageous dis
card. We nave seen the benefit of a ruff more
than counterbalanced by discards.
Rule 3. You may force partner, though weak In
trumps, when he has shown a desire to be forced.
This rue might be thus stated: Force partner
when it seems trick- winning to do so. He has
trumped a doubtful card, refused to leaf trumps
when you or he have a salt established, returned
his last card of your suit without leading trumps
or showing his own snit, or deliberately forced an
adversary or refrained from forcing his partner.
You draw tbe Inference that be is weak in trumps
and may force him if you think best.
Rule 4. When a cross-ruff is evident. Great
care Is necessary here. a cross-ruff may not be
the nest thing for the hand. It may lost last long
enough to weaken your strong tramp bands so
that your adversaries will be able to draw your re
maining tramps and bring In cards which would
bave been dead but for the raff. Not very long
since we saw John Briggs stop a clear crust-raff
Initiated by bis partner, lead a trump and bring in
bis partner's suit. Result, a gala of several tricks
over the play at the otber table, where the cross
ruff was kept up.
Rules. When great strength of tramps hove
been declared against you. 1 bis, of course, on tbe
theory that if the adversaries boli moat of tbe
trumps, your partner is probably weak. It Is a,
fair Inference, ana the rule is good as above stated,
but the mere indication of strength by an adver
sary, If yon are weak, does not necessarily mean
that partner is weak: there are thirteen trumps,
and, if an adversary holds five and you one, there
are seven more somewhere, and your partner
may bold enough of ihem to control the band, If
ho Is not forced. There is generally some other
8. Wilson, William G. Barr, J. J. De Haven,
Joseph White. Dr. Philip. Seibe). William F.
Hooke. William Westerfeld, Randal Phil
lips, Bert Fischbeck, George A. Chris
tensen, James M. Goewey Jr., Henry Bass,
F. G. Gantner, A. Hintou, H. S. Bausman,
Lee Quint, Dr. Taylor, Charles M. Yates Jr., L.
B. Wood, Dr. W. H. A. Llckeus, Robert F.
Halght, Clarence Swett, Arthur 11, Meuss
dorfler, Charles L. Hogue, Marshall Wood
worth, George Bennett, Oliver A. Harker, J.
K. Hardy, H. G. Scovern, William F. Sawyer,
William F. Ho2lseher. Harry W. Spalding,
Clarence Musto, Victor F. Hoelseher,
Merritt D. Robinson, J. M. Salazar, Ed Christ
tienson. Wallace Alexander. Charles Peters,
Edward J. Vogel, Charles Schroth, John B.
Frltschl, Paul Westerfeld, J. E. McCormack,
Hermann H. Herzer, Edward G. Carrera,
Charles Hufschmldt, Walter Heyman, Bruce
Wood, Clement L'ronlce, Henry E. Carter, F. T.
Martens, Henry A. Whitley, J. Oscar Gantner,
Sanford G. Lewald.
■ As usual the regular monthly entertainment
and dance of the Western Addition Literary
and Social Club drew a large and fashionable
audience to Native Sons' Hall on Wednesday
evening. '■>-*■ .-'"."■ vy
An excellent and varied musical programme,
i followed by the charming monoact, "My Un
cle's Will," constituted tne evening's enter
tainment. Dancing followed.
The following was the evening's programme
in full: Overture, selected, orchestra; tenor
solo, "Thou Hast a Heart" (Perlei), W. S. Eger
ton; recitation, selected. Miss Daisy C. Gil
more; contralto solo, selected. Miss 'isellaH.
Van Pelt: quartet. "The Missive" (Highton).
California Quartet— W. S. Ei;ertou, first tenor;
Dr. R. W. Smith, second tenor; C. L. Gasre, first
bass; E. G. Mcßaiue, second bass; "My Uncle's
Will," a comedy by S. They re Smith. Cast of
characters— Charles Cashmore, Will Ogilvie:
Mr. Barker. Harry E. de Lasaux; Florence Mari
gold. Miss Elsie Duncan.
Social Council No. 40, O. C. F. , gave its reg
ular monthly social mid entertainment on
Thursday evening, February 11, in Red Men's
building. The following programme was ren-
dered: Piano solo, Mrs. May Garbarino; vocal
solo, Charles K. Goodell; recitation, Mabel
Thompson; Highland fling and sailor horn
pipe, Miss Dot Baxter; selections, vocal
quartet; recitation, Miss Hattie Malion; ad
aress, M. Boehm, grand councilor; vocal solo,
Charles E. Goodell. The affair concluded with
a dance. The committee of arrangements
consisted of Mrs. Katie A. Adams, Charles E.
Goodell, William A. Stall, Mrs. M. J. J. Baccus,
Mrs. K. Hilton, Mrs. May Garbarino, Dr. Louis
P. Oviedo.
Templar Grove No. 19, TJ. A. 0. D., gave a
grand entertainment and ball last evening at
Union-square Hall.
Senator John Boggs and family have given
up their rooms at the Palace Hotel and taken
the residence 1404 Sutter street. Miss Alice
Boggs will return irom the East in a few
weeks.
indication to gnlde in these coses, but we believe
in being very cautious about the force, for it is apt
to be more disastrous than where tbe adversaries
are weak, If you render your partner's strong
tramp hand unable to cope wilh the now stronger
trump band of on adversary.
I'.ula 6. Force your partner when In your Judg
ment the situation is a Justification for don? so.
This rule embraces all .he rest, and is well
ebou -h for the expert, but hardly safe for the tyro
who doesn't know a situation when he sees one.
Bat it Is. nevertheless, the most satisfactory of all
rules. Play according to your Judgment. If you
have any. If not, do the best you can witn the
rules as laid down by others.
Whist Qerveralship.
From the Washington Post we clip the fol
lowing:
It would b» a bad general who would use the
same tactics against all of bis adversaries, or who
carried on a battle only upon situations to be
found in military literature, and so it is absurd for
any book or coterie ot players to prescribe just
bow every hand should be played, bow the attack
should be made or tbe defense managed, and so
much depends upon the known individualities of
the. players themselves. In pla ing with Wheelan,
Wooten, McCoy or Holl one meets the refinement
of strategy, and he mast fight strategy with coun
ter strategy: if the plover be a methodical follower
of the books one's game must be adapted to that :
at best tbe bcoa" must deal In generalities and situ
ation; s mllar situations happen frequently, while
it is highly Improbable that the same whist plover
wil hold tbe same Id nt leal cords twice in a life
time, and so It is that the hypothetical bands
which every author enlarges npon are more often
confusing than beneficial to the beginner, like tbe
novice at poker wbo drew two kings to two that
he already hod and bos been drawing to them ever
since. • •■,
Whist, a J^orvthlvj -Journal Demoted
to the Qarne.
■■■ We are so frequently asked the question,
"What books to read, and what can we study
to learn the game?'' To become a good whist
player it ls absolutely necessary to study, read
and practice with other students. A good
meal— which we all like pretty well— usually
consists of several different aishes. A good
knowledge of whist cannot be got from any
one book, but it would be almost an impossi
bility to get any one book that was not a good
one. We have spoken of so many different
books of late in our whist columns that the
reader cannot be misinformed on that subject.
We would like to call our readers' attention to
a whist publication tbey should never be with
out It is the journal, Whist, a monthly pub
lication, and costs $1 a year. Any student
reading this journal will not only see what is
going on in the whist world, but th ey will
keep in touch with all the new ideas and get
the latest discussions on the same by the great
whist lights of tbe world. Sample "copies will
always be moiled free. Address Whist Pub
lishing Company, Milwaukee, Wis., or whist
editor of The Call.
.... ■*» » »' , —
Thk San Francisco Schuetzen Ladles' Verein
will give tbeir annual masked ball at Saratoga
Hall on Saturday evening, the 27th mat. *
&oß*e*B3*dßhs4e*fis*er3*aMc^ban^^a*Me M .. isu ■ . '"tWBSs *
MUSICALE.
Mme. Coorsen-Roeckel's Benefit j
Concert and Ball,
The benefit concert ami ball tendered to the
social and musical favorite, Mme. Ellen Cour
sen-Roeckel, Thursday evening at Native Sons'
Hall, was well attended, notwithstanding the
inclemency of the weather. Encore after en
core was demanded after each solo. ';..\''
Each soloist received a round of applause
and nil acquitted themselves creditab not
ably: Senoiita A. Mojica, Mlle.A.Decourtieux,
Miss Jennie Johansen, Miss Ida Schnitz, Misses
Couch and Mabie, Mines. Lewis and Sheer ana
Cathie Cour<«-n-Campbell. Messrs. Ed Lotz
and Gottlieb Berger and M. Pechin were the
gentlemen who contributed to the vocal
numbers.
The chorus work under the baton of Mme.
Roeckel was of an exceptionally fine character,
Professor Joseph Roeckel accompanied the
singers. After the concert a dance was parti
cipated in by all present and continued until
the wee small hours. During the dances Miss
Lottie Calsing sang the ••Blue Danube" waltz
with full chorus and orchestra.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Anniversaries Celebrated in This
Charming Manner.
Miss Bertha Gutstadt was the recipient of a
"violet" surprise party at the family residence.
902 Greenwich street, on Saturday evening,
the loth inst. A most elaborate programme
had been arranged, which proved both inter
esting and entertaining. The instrumental
features were piano solos by Miss Lena Mohr,
zither duets by Mr. Sloltz and brother and
flute solo by Otto Witt.
The vocal selections by Charles Drady and
Miss Kato Gutstadt were especially well re- i
ceived. !
Miss Christina Daly rendered several very
select recitations, which elicited much merri
ment from the young folks present. Con
siderable dancing and some games made up
the balance of the programme. About mid
night the guests sat down to a delicious colla
tion, Miss Ella Mosher acting as master of
ceremonies.
Among those present were: Miss Alice Kane,
Miss Ella Mosher, Miss Bertha Gutstadt, Miss
Christina Daly, M. as Evelyn Greenland. Miss
Clara Greenland, Miss Lena Mohr, Miss Edith
Murdock, Miss Lillian. Eraser, Miss Alexandra
Shragge, Miss Jennie Gorfinkel, Miss Henri
etta Jacobsen, Miss Kate Otten, Miss Kate
Gutstadt,' Miss Ida A-man, Mrs. Stafford, Miss
Frances Gutstadt, Mrs. Gutstadt; Messrs.
Charles de Guerre, Benjamin Walls, Jack
Kaiser, Harry Korufield. A. Lichtenstein, Louis
Abrego, Otto Witt, Ed Kuhls, John Stoltz, Ph.
Gordon, Julien Newman, Harry Newton, Wil
liam Stoltz, Charles Matkay.M. Jacobs, Charles
Drady and Richard Gutstadt.
A most enjoyab'e surprise party was ten
dered to Captain Peter J. Hagerty at Manner
buna Hall on Valentine's eve by the mem
bers of the J. Y. C. The evening was spent in
dancing and games, interspersed with a recita
tion by D. Murphy, a duet by W. Cathcart and
H. Coleman end a solo by J. O'DonnelL At
supper the toasts were responded to by Cap
tain Hagertv, J. O'Donnell, R. Plunke'tt, H.
Pinkham, W. Holler a.id J. Miller. Those
present were: A. Hagerty, L. Riordan, L. Rad
ford. K. Collum, M. Collum, A. Kendrick, L.
Sullivan. M. Malone. N. Kendrick, K. Sullivan,
A. Lehaney, J. Riordan, A. O'Connell, L. Leha
ney, N. Feunessey. R. Curtis, M. Baker, J. Kene
rick, K. Guilfoy, M. Kenefick, E. Fitzgerald, J.
Cull. J. Dillon, B. Fitzgerald, J. McAleer,
A. Cull. H. Keene. F. Dillon, T. Ilarkins, M.
Pride, M. Michel, W. Fontaine, M. Comaich, P.
Hagerty, J. Radiord, J.. Kendrick, A. Curtis,
J. Ward. E. McCarthy, E. Feivev, I). Riordan,
W. McCarthy, F. Su livan. J. Riley, W. Wilson,
J. Ryan, H. Yerg, J. Pinkham, R. rkivington,
J. Farrell. J. Sul.iv»n, M. Fitzgerald, J. O'Don
nell, H. PinKham, W. Catbcart. D. Murphy, H.
Coleman, W. Hoffer, T. Mitch 11, R. Steele, F.
Leonard, J. Miller, M.Leonard, R. Piunkett. H.
Vaiidewater, A. McNeil, P. Roder, D. Drew. A
Blake, M. Riordan, H. Kenefick, F. Fontaine,
G. Comaich, J. Fitzgerald, G. Welch, A. Mul
lins.
On Monday evening, February 15, the many
friends oi MissEilaMcClossey, the well-known
local contralto, tendered her a most enjoyable
vaientine surprise party in honor of her birth
day anniversary. There were a number of
musical friends present and vocal selections
and instrumental as well helped to make the
eve;, pass merrily.
Those present were: Henry Gilbert, J. J.
Apple, James Love, John E. Littlefield, D. R.
W ood, Frank Li. tie fie d. Miss Paulino Alten
burg, Mrs. Thomas Gibson, Miss May Hillyer,
M.ss Eva online. Miss Florentine Alton
burg, Miss Lizzie MuCioskey and Miss Ella
McCloskey.
The many friends of Miss Jennie SaveTy
tendered her a delightful surprise party at her
residence, 7 Scott street, Friday evening. The
time was enjoyably spent in singing, dancing
and playing numerous games. Supper was
served ln the spacious dining-room at 11
o'clock, after which the guests returned to tho
parlors to have some flashlight pictures taken.
Games were then resumed until early mora.
Those present were: The Misses Lillie Bar
nett, Eihelßue, Helen Bennett, Hazel Gough,
Lillian Thomas, Pansy O'Connell, Ethel Wil
liams, Genie MacDermott, May Wie*enhutter,
Alice Bush, Alice Moran, May Moran, Kitty
Horn, Gertie Horn, Ed.th Forsythe, Maud
Savery, Nellie Coppage, Susie Shultz, Gertie
Kenney, Vivian Urey, Alice Boobar, Florence
Shultz, Gertie Gal.aghcr, Sadie Wiesenhutter,
Mabel Sherwood, Hazel MacFadden, Hazel
Mac Cord, M. Ruddick. Messrs. Trilby Miller,
Walter Harder, Lincoln Muuson, Joe Nealon,
Will Jacobs, Ed Owens, Rufus Hodge, W. Ar
cher, Joe Townsend, A. Overhaulser, Genie
Lee, Genie Fritz, Walter Foley, Howard Piatt,
Will Long, W. Prentice, Tom Carew, Jim Groom,
Will Urrey, Benuie de Zelie, Walter Sheehan.
Will Hatherauft, Ed Stack, Ed Hunt.
A most successiul surprise party was given
by the members ot Aqua Pura Social Club to
its past president, A. E. Ogg, on Wednesday
evenine, February 17, at 1327 Howard street.
Complete arrangements had been made for
the event, the reception-rooms beiug artisti
cally decorated with the club's colors. A
choice programme of music, readings and
song was rendered by the members, alter
which dancing and games were in order. At
midnight supper was served and the early
hours had come ere the merry party dis
persed. The following were present; Miss
Sadie Burke. Miss natiie Krieger. Miss Daisy
White, Miss Do.ores Davis, Miss Bertha Wal
lace. Miss Julia Ben field. Miss May Duplissea,
Miss Nellie Krieger, Miss Hettie Burke; Messrs.
Harry O'Connor. William Hart, Truman Har
ley, John Cunningham, Ernest Browning,-
George Knight, Ed Jewell, George Bohm,
George Harris, A. E. Ogg, Mrs. M. C. Jewell
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Lit tell, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse
FawcetL y ; ! -..-* -•.>.-■.
IN THE FUTURE.
Entertainments, Receptions and
Dances Are Announced.
The members of La Puerto del Oro Chapter,
Daughters ofthe American Revolution, will
give a reception February 22, at 3 o'clock, at
Beethoven Hall. 336 Post street.
On February 27 the Concordia Club will
give an entertainment and ball, the former to '
consist of a burlesque on the "Prisoner of !
Zenda," written especially for the club. Both j
libretto and music are original, and in the cast I
will be well known amateurs.
The members of Company A, First Regiment
of Infantry, N. G. C. Captain John Connolly,
commanding, are making active preparations
for their minstrel entertainment and dance,
which will be held at Union-souare Hsll 421 !
Past street. Wednesday evening, February ''4 !
The pupils oi Professor W. W. Anderson's
dancing academy will give a fancy dress and
domino party at Saratoga Hull, Thursday
evening, February 25. .7 J j
On the 22d of February a grand domino
party will bo given by the Menlo Musical Cub,
at Crystal Hall, Pythian building, 9u9 Market
street.
Young Ladies' lnstitute No. Twill give on !
entertainment and social at Native Sons' Hall
Thursaoy evening, 25th inst.
Golden Era Circle, C. ol F., will give a social
on Thursday evening, March 4, at Social Hail,
Alcazar building.
t The . * mi , ver or confirmation of Able
Attell took place at tne Geary-street synagogue
Saturday, February 20. There will be a re
ception Sunday, February 21, between tho
hours of 2 and 5 at the residence of his
mother, Mrs. A. Atte11, 255 Third street,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Furstwtll celebrate their
Sliver wedding this Sunday, February 21.
The Bush-street Free Sabbath School will
give a benefit theatrical performauce at the
Tivoli Opera-house on Sunday afternoon,
March 14. The play "The Three Fairy Gilts"
will be presented by a cast of cni.dren under
ths management of Miss Hattie Nathan, the
dramatic re. .der. There will be a minstrel
first part by the Centennial Minstrels ond
specialties by the Schlesslnger quartet. Miss
Kosina D'Ennery and others are also down on
l £ e programme. Miss Nathan will appear in
the 1 5 test Eastern novelty 01 reciting songs.
A domino party will be given at the El
Monte Hotel, 501 Geary street, on Washing
ton s birthday, Monaoy evening, February 22.
There will be an entertainment and boll
Riven in Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street,
on the evening of March 2 by San Francisco
Chapter No. 328, Progressive Endowment
Guild. The programme will be as follows:
Overture, ■ landlord's Orchestra; remark* by
M. T. Most a; selections, .Professor M. Koland
er s mandolin, banjo and guitar orchestra of
twenty pieces; vocal selections, Miss Caroline
shmdler; humorous specialties, Professor
Cyrus B. Newton; tenor solo (selected), J. C.
, Hood; dUdect specialties. G. W. C*lTWt; cea
tralto solo, "Resolution" (Lassen). Miss Ida
Haverly; Mr. Dewe, accompanist. y-
Invitations can be obtained from the com
mittees or the following members of the chap
ter: Dr. A. E. Phelan, W. H. Thompson, B. A.
Meyer. M. T. Moses, Walter White. Fred Bauer,
W. J. Sharp, W. L. Cow.es. C. H. Babcock, J. T.
Miller, M. L. Hopkins, Allen Eckert, S. J. Ful
lerton. C. W. Gould, E. W. Hill, W. S. Lewis,
H. N. Nutter, A. H. Lynn, J. H. Barley, F. Fet
ter. Charles F. Strong. A. T. Hammerson, M. G.
McClinton, J. E. Dillon, J. R. Wear, F. P.
Medina, R. W. McGarrie, E. B. Pcppin, H. M.
Barger, B. F. Millard, John R. Mccrodan, H.
R. Lewis, J. G. Grannis, D. S. Stanley. A. W.
Hubbard, J. W. Hoag, C. D. McMillan, George
Searl. .y-.v-
The Varsovienno Fortnightly Club will give
a social next Saturday evening at 1901 Post
street.
Gettysburg Circle No. 11, L. of G. A. R., will
give its eighth anniversary entertainment
Thursday evening, February 25, at Social
Hull, A. O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell street.
The affair is in aid of the relief fund of the
circle. . ■•;'.:..
The Manzanillo Social Club will give its first
grand ball at Union-quare Hall, 421 Post
street, on Saturday evening. February 27.
The Mission Literary and Social Club will
give their regular monthly entertainment and
dance on Tuesday evening, February 23. The
programme of the evening will be as follows:
Overture, D'Arcy'a orchestra; the Franklin
Quartet in harmonious melodies, P. C. Dun
worth, G. Cheeney, H.Mason, F.Scully; choice
selections (by request). President James P.
Griffin; topical songs (selected). Miss Juanita
Coa.i, member of McKenzie Musical Society;
tenor solo (selected), Harry .1. Dinan; recita
tion, "Angela," Miss Hattie Collopy, member
of Hnwthorne Club; "The Two Bomiycasties,"
farce in one act, under the direction of \\ alter
H. Taiseu— Mr. Smut-gins, Henry G. Lelfmann;
John James Johnson. Marshall Mackenzie ;
Mr. Bonuycastle (alias J«remiah Jorum), IV.
H. Taiscn; Mrs. Bonnvcasue. Miss Amelia
Candage; Helen (niece to Smuggins). Miss
Elsie Quedens; Patty, Miss Isabelle Allen.
The officers of the Mission Literary and So
cial Club ore; J. P. Griffin, president; Frank
W. H'ealy, vice-president; C. A. Wegener, sec
retary and treasurer; Walter H.Taisen, stage
director; Henry G. Leffmann. assistant stage
director. * ; W. ■■■■■-
The Mystics' twenty-eighth evening dress
party will te held at Native Sous' Hall on
Tuesday evening, March 2.
The annual masquerade ball of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Ladles' Verein will be
held at Saratoga Hall Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 27.
PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Van Bergen have ar
rived in New York, and leave lor Europe on
the 20th.
Mrs. L. Thorn left on Thursday evening for
New York on a short business trip.
' Dr. M. Herzstein, B. Frederick, George Sher
man and Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Rosenbaum sailed
for New York on the 13th on tho Hamburg-
American line steamship Normannia.
Mrs. Charles Tichner of 252 Eighth street.
Oakland. has discontinued her first Sundays
and Mondays at home for the present.
D. O. Mills arrived last Sunday from New
York and will remain here about six weeks.
While en route West he visited Mr. and Mrs.
Whltelaw Reid in Arizona. They will come
here early in March to pass a few weeks with
Mr. Mills at Millbrae.
W. F. Goad and the Misses Aileen and Gen
evieve Goad are at the Hotel Waldorf in New
York City. They will go to New Orleans to
witness the Mardi Gras festival. W. F. Goad
Jr. is at school in Concord, N. H., and will en
ter Harvard next year.
\'t. and Mrs. Charles J. Bandmann will soon
leave for New York, where they will reside
permanently.
Mrs. James Cunningham and her children
are en route home from the Eastern States.
Mrs. Cunningham has been visiting relatives
in New York and Detroit, Mich.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst is occupying her resi
dence in Washington, D. C.
Ed -ar Mills and the Misses Mills are in New
York City.
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard will remain East
about one month more.
W. B. Bourn aud Miss Maud C. Bourn re
turned to New York on the last trip of the
Majestic of the White Star line. Mrs. W. B.
Bourn went East to meet tbem. They will all
remain in New York City a few weeks before
returning home.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur C. Donnell have re
turned from « visit to Coronado Beach and are
at the Hotel Bella Vista.
Mrs. W. F. Bowers has been enjoying a visit
at the Hotel Rafael.
Dr. Clarence L. Heller will leave here next
Thursday for Europe, to pursue his medical
studies. In 1900 he will meet his family in
Paris and they will then all return home.
Mrs. W Uiam Kohl and Mis* Mamie Kohl ar
rived in Washington, D. C. last Wednesday.
Mrs. W. Geiselman and Miss Geiselman have
beeu at the Hotel Rafael during the past week.
Maurice E. Griffin and his sister. Miss Mary
K. Griffin, hay- returned from New York and
are at the California Hotel.
Colonel and Mrs. Charles F. Hanlon have
been at the Hotel Rafael during the post week
visiting Mrs. Daniel Hanlon.
Among the visitors in Paris nt present are
Dr. and Mrs. K. Pischl, who have recently
been visiting Prague, Dresden and Berlin.
Mrs. li. W. Paulsen and Miss C. Lehnhardt
are at present in New York, where they ar
rived last week after having spent some time
in New Orleans and Washington, D. C.
fOB THE OAENIVAL.
Soldiers to Repeat Their Maneuvers.
The Legislature's Aid.
Brigadier-General Forsyth, commanding
the department of California, at the so
licitation of leading members of the execu
tive committee of the Carnival of the Gol
den Gate, bas given his acquiescence to the
plan of reproducing the best features of
the military evolutions which will be
given at the Presidio during the third
week in April and at the Carnival during
the week of May 3. A committee consist
ing of General Warfield, Carnival Director
Friedlander and Secretary Backus called
upon General Forsyth yesterday, and
spent an hour with him in discussing
matters in connection with tbe affair. As
a result of the morning interview Captain
Alex Rogers, Fourth Cavalry, U. S. A.,
Captain James Petitt, U. S. A., and Lieu
tenant L. S. Roudiez, IT. S. A., First In
fantry, called at carnival beadquirters
yesterday afternoon and met a committee
of the carnival promoters. Captain Rogers
. acted as spokesman and said that the
I army was thoroughly in accord with the
i movement and proposed to devote two
afternoons during Carnival week to a
! presentation of the best features of the
i tournament to be held at the .Presidio.
j Nothing like these evolutions have been
: seen on the Pacific Coast.
The executive committee ofthe Carnival
i of the Golden Gate has addressed the
I Legislature requesting them to use their
I best efforts to secure an appropriation
from the Legislature of the sum of $10,000
or as much- thereof as may be deemed
proper to assist in the work, of disseminat
ing information throughout the United
' States and other countries regarding the
Carnival of the Golden Gale and the re
sources of Califurnia.
JTEW TO-DAT.
I GOpIFORTU^SHILEsT|
1 JJA jjOOO 1
8 J W ll' AWAY! 1
©J J \ x mJJtj nIIn 1 1 Q
X Tell your friends about it and come V
© in yourself. 1,000 in prizes given for X
© brains. How many words can yoa make ©
X - using only the eight letters in the words V
© ABM NEWS? Proper names and for- ft
© eign words don't count. It is easy as ©
X the list can't be a long one. Send today x
© for a free sample copy of FARM NEWS ft
© containing list of prizes— to the value of ©
X 11,000— and rules of the contest. Some- X
© body's going to get big prizes ; why not X
© you ? Don't delay, but send today be- ©
X fore the chance has slipped away. It is • x
© amusement, instruction and good X
© fortune combined. ft
g FARM NEWS, Springfield, O. 5MINES
& MINERS
*S?^HE geological department oi the State !
-£1^ University has begun the most im- j
jlifs portant and interesting work of col- \
. lecting samples of all the building stones of
the State and subjecting them to all the scien
tific tests needed to determine their analysis,
nature, strength, etc. and consequently their
value as building material. Samples dressed
in various ways will be assembled into a dis
play of the building stones of California, and
other samples will be used in the scientific in
, vestigations.
This new undertaking is due to two things.
For one thing there will be a great deal of
building going on at the university during j
the next few years, made possible by the in
creased State support of the institution and by !
the generosity of several people who hove i
promised several millions of dollars' worth of '
gifts to the institution. For the magnificent I
, new structures that are to rise, grouped ac
cording to a plan for which a world-wide com
petition is being opened, the handsomest,
-most enduring and altogether tho best ma
terials will be wanted, and it is proper that
the-scientific departments serve the institu
tion in this way.
For another thing this is a proper field for
the geological department to enter in the
course of its scientific work. It is one of the
many exhibitions of new life, of progress and
. of broadening out which the university will
oe able to give in the future.
The scale on which this work will be car
ried out has not been determined. It will
depend largely on the extent to which the
resources of the department are increased.
Professor Lawson has begun the work al
ready, and he asks quarrymen all over the
State to contribute samples of their stone to
the collection.
Four-inch cubes dressed differently on the
different faces are wanted for museum shelves,
and twelve-inch cubes similarly dressed are
.wanted for working specimens. In some coses
• slabs will be preferable, and with limestones
. suitable for interior decoration, several
samples variously polished would be desired.
Such samples are wanted not only from •Work
ing quarries, but from places where valuable
stone seems to exist. ,
The economic display which would result
from assembling such a representative collec
tion is not of course the feature of most im
portance. The valuable work will be the ex
haustive tests applied to these building stones.
They will be chemically analyzed by experts.
Sections will be ground to exceeding thinness
and studied with the microscope. Various
mechanical tests to determine the crushing
aud other strengths will be mode, and the
' effect of the air on the stones will be noted.
The precise nature of the stones being known
• it can be stated what the effects of air, water,
smoke, etc., will be in producing disintegra
tion, discoloration, etc.
-All these tests will be made by competent
men, and will be impartial and reliable. Such
a systematic study would be of great value.
What is known and asserted about our building
stones so far amounts to a good deal, but it is
mainly the result of the verdicts of architects
' and the studies and claims of quarrymen and
their paid experts. There will undoubtedly
be many coses in which visits will be mode to
localities for study. This work will do much
to develop the resources of the -state 'n this
•• * line, and it will determine and establish the
merits of our best building materials.
At various times in the past few years there
haVe been warm controversies between rival
quarrymen, when good contracts were in sight,
' over the qualities of their products. A notable
case was that of the new ferry building, when
* Arizona and Portland Were in competition
with California quarries. The contemplated
work at the university will afford exact infor
mation of Inestimable value. The color of
many of San Francisco's most notable
buildings would have been different if
more hod been known about the stone
.it was decided to use, and architects have
noted with interest the disintegration and the
■ cracking of the stone used in prominent struc
* tures, and the streaking and staining due to
. she presence of ingredients which are dissolved
and brought to the surface with time.
California has a greater variety of building
■•' stoneo than any State in the Union. They
.* range from superb granites to the beautiful
* travertine in Mono County, which is now go
" ing even to .London for expensive interiors.
The disposition to use timber, lack of trans
portation facilities and other causes have re
tarded the development of these resources,
and many quarries that will be famous as well
as valuable some day will lie untouched for
years. But this systematic work will be of
'much value to the State.
MINING MISCELLANY.
. The San Francisco Gold Mining Exchange
has closed Its large offices in the Mills build
ing and gone out of business. It was organ
• ized two years or so ago by some of the wealth
iest and best-known mining men of California
• for the purpose of buying and selling mines,
and esneciallv for taking hold of claims or
partly developed mines of promise and put
'"ting them on the market and assisting in the
■development of such mines. But the enter
. prise did not "taxe." A few mines were
listed, but rich and shrewd buyers fought shy, !
possibly for the reason that they believed that
tbe 'said rich and able mining men would not
let eood things at bargain rates slip through
*. to the open market.
Denver capitalists have bonded the Helvetia
gold mine in the Julian district, Eon Diego
. County, for $40,000.
At the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
tailings are to be conveyed from the mill to
the- cyanide plant through a flume 1500 feet
long and then raised to the tanks by an ele
vator.
A pipe line twenty-five miles long will con
vey petroleum to Gaviota landing, Santa Bar
bora County. English capital is said to be in
terested in the enterprise.
. More men are emp.oyed at the Magalin mine,
Butte County, than ever before in its history.
The shaft at the Amador Queen is now down
about 500 feet. The small hoist now in use on
the property is proving Inadequate -for the
work at that depth, and they will take down
tbe Amador Gold mine hoist and erect it on
the Amador Queen property.
.The Winnie and Yucca Tree mines, in the
Stringer district, Kern County, have been
sold by Cohen & O'Brien to O. H. Savage of
San Jose for $7500.
* It is reported that the Oakland owners of
the Frazier mine, Plumas County, will erect a
10-stamp mill early next summer and prose
cute work vigorously.
. The hydraulic mines all over Siskiyou are
starting up and will be kept in operation from
now until next summer. In the Salmon River
country and along the Klamath some large
. -plants have been put in during the past few
years, which will largely increase the output
of gold in this county.
At the Templar mine near Indiana ranch,
. Butte County, for several months a five-stomp
mill has been operated satisfactorily. The
bond, price was $20,000, and it is said the
company will enlarge the capacity of the mill
to ten stomps.
The mine on the Gabbert ranch, Calaveras
* County, has been sold and the parties are get
. ting ready to sink a shaft 1000 feet This
property is located about two and a half mites
.west of the mother lode, in the serpentine
formation, which can be traced for a distance
of fifteen milet running north and south.
At the Gwin mine. Calaveras County, work
is being prosecuted on the 1200, 1300 and
. 1400 levels running north, which keeps the
.forty stamps going steadily. When the mine
- I** opened up os the owners intend it to be, it
.will be easy to keep twice the amount of
stamps running.
, ; Tne reopening of the long-abandoned Colum
bus mine, El Dorado County, a rich producer
in its time, and from shallow workings, located
at Cold Springs, five miles west of town, is
receiving the consideration of several capi
talists.
Development work in quartz properties un
der bond is assuming encouraging proportions
in all directions from Placerville throughout
Placer County.
The new ten-stamp mill erected on the lower
end of the abandoned Springfield, in Placer
County, is working the tailings of the old
time property. It is operated by Williams «fc
Harpending and Is known as the Union mine.
It is reported that rich placer diggings have
been discovered on the McCloud River, about
eight miles above Baird.
The working of many mines in Siskiyou and
| Trinity counties is being interfered with by
j floods resulting from the recent storms.
C. M. Root writes as follows from Kernville
j of a mining revival in that part of Kern
I County:
"Keysville, the center of the Kern, River
placer excitement in the '50's, is again coming
to the front, but this time thiough its quartz
mines. A Los Angeles company— the Los An
geles Gold Mining Company— has purchased
the Mammoth group of mines and has opened i
good bodies of ore. They have just completed
one of the best built ten-stamp mills in Califor
nia and are now crushing ore. They are
working twenty-five men.
"The Colorado Gold Mining and Develop
ment Company has bought the noted Keyes
mine and several adjoining mines, and is
making preparations to put in a twenty-stamp
mill and cyanide process. The above company
has caused a townslte to be laid out, and al
ready buildings are going up; water-pipe bas
been ordered and mains will at once be laid
on its arrival. There are about seventy-five
men working in the district already, and
more being put at work daily. This is one of
the few mining camps in California in which
miners are actually wanted.
"The mineral belt is traceable for twenty-five
miles and the surface showing vary from $20
to $100 per ton. The Kern River running
through the district contains about 35,000
miners' inches of water ond furnishes ample
power for all purposes.
"Taking it all in all this is one of the best lo
calities for investment that I have seen in
Southern California, not accepting Randsburg,
which 1 carefully examined before coming
here."
Messrs. Littlefleld & Day of Portland are be
ginning the development of their large placer
mines twent/ miles west of Roseburg, Or.
A long communication to the Portland Or
egonian dwells on the but slightly developed
placer-mining possibilities of Jackson and
Josephine counties. in Southern Oregon, show
ing the great abundance of water from the
i Rogue River and smaller streams and the op
portunity for successful operations on the Cal
ifornia scale.
It is asserted that there ore thousands of
i acre s of mining ground yielding from 10 cents
to 40 cents a cubic yard awaiting the opera
tion of capital on a large scale, and that one
great hydraulic plant cou d take out 'yearly
more than the whole present yield of the
State. There are a few* fairly well equipped
placer mines, but most of the mining is done
by simple sluicing or with rockers, and largely
by "ranch miners," who prosperously culti
vate part of their land and wash the rest. The
ranch miners plow and harvest in summer and
dig gold in winter, and are blessed above their
neighbors.
A new hydraulic plant at a mine on the
Illinois River, Oregon, yielded $300 for the
first day's run.
The Colville reservation, in Washington, Is
open to the white man for mining only, and
the coming of spring is seeing quite a rush of
mining enterprise to it. A good many good
mines have been opened within the year, and
much development and prospecting is go
ing on. ° J&2SB
On Texada Island, B. C, there is great rc
tivity and discoveries are being made all over
the Island. The Van Anda Copper and Gold
Mining Company has sunk a 128-foot shaft,
erected a steam hoist and pump and is ship
ping ore assaying $19 in gold, 11 ounces of
silver and 18% per cent copper.
The recent report of a marvelous gold dis
covery on Klondike Creek, about seventy
miles from Forty-mile Camp, on the Yukon, ls
helping to stimulate the Alaskan rush which
is forming at the sound. Boats leaving for
the north are carrying heavy lists of passen
gers who want to be early on the ground.
The December report of the Alaska Tread
well Gold Mining Company shows the milling
of 13,736 tons of ore, averaging $3|14 per ton.
The bullion shipment was $43,096. The bul
lion from sulphurets was $17,338.
One of the latest strikes reported from Colo
rado is in the Emancipation mine, Boulder
County, where at the 160-foot level the six
inch vein yielded ore running $30,000 to the
ton. The property was recently purchased by
an English syndicate.
The Colorado State Bureau of Mines has in
creased its activity and usefulness, and Com
missioner of Metalliferous Mines Lee has pre
pared a report which will be of much interest
to mining men. It contains the first reliable
statistics regarding Colorado mines. Mine
casualties are within his province, and the
report enumerates a total ol 316 accidents to
persons, of which 154 were fatal. Falling ma
terial was the chief cause, killing 39 and
injuring 58. ,
The estimate of the number employed in the
mines Includes laborers only,. and excludes
engineers, owners, employes in general offices,
etc. The men engaged in mining in the State
are 25,545, classified as follows: ' Under
ground miners, tlmbermen, trammers, etc.,
15,924; topmen, engineers, ore-sorters, car
penters, etc., 3466; mlllmen, smelters, sam
pling works, 5060; teamsters and packers,
1094. . ,
Cripple Creek mines are yielding about
$1,000,000 per month, with an increase com
ing.
James Ferry is credited with striking a
pocket of ore running 17,000 ounces of silver
to the ton In his leased mine, the Delia S, at
Aspen, Colo. ' .-,'•?
The Idaho Legislature will likely pass the
bill prohibiting mine-owners from running
stores in connection with their mines.
Gold-bearing lodes in limestone have been
discovered near Deadwood, in the Black Hills.
The prejudice against limestone as a gcld
bearing rock has prevented this discovery in
a region that has been prospected for twenty
years.
Lyman J. Gage, who is to be Secretary of the
Treasury, has about $500,000 invested in;
mining in Boulder County, Colo., where he i
was married.
The new lessees of the Chino copper mine
of the Santa Rita district New Mexico, have
pumped out the mine and found much rich
copper ore in the old workings. Other old
neighboring mines are to be reopened, and the
experience with reopening some smaller ones
indicates that these mines wiil again he large
and profitable producers.
It is proposed in the Colorado Legislature
to prohibit the duplication of mines of the
same name.
Shipments of mica from the Czarina mine,
Lincoln County, Nev., have been praised 'in
Manchester. Eng. jffi&QHg
Baker City, Or., is the latest place to talk
about a mlping exchange. .
Charles Love and associates hove bought the
Choinman group of mines near Ely, Nev., for
$125,000. ■•• ; ... ,•;-■•
Rossland, B. C, shipped 1209 tons of ore to
smelters during the second week of this
month.
The Mining and Scientific Press calls atten
tion to the drain suffered by the gold resources
of the State through the operations of the
Chinese, vtlio without . taking up claims Indus
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
triously work the auriferous gravels of the
northern counties on public land. No alien
may locate a mining claim, but many Chinese
have bought or leased placer mines, little and
big. Many hundreds of Chinese, however,
are working away with pons and sluices on
public lands along the streams, generally on
gravel that no while man cares to work, satis
fied to earn a few bits or a dollar a day. The
aggregate amount of gold washed out by the
Chinese annually in this State is variously
estimated at from $1,000,000 to $3,000,000, a
very small part oi which is expended here.
While these Chinese are working over old
gravel or other gravel so poor that nobody
else wants to work it the time will come with
the improvement of processes and the Increase
of population when these poor deposits would
be worked by citizens, and they contain many
millions in gold. It is suggested that a State
law should prevent the working of mines that
are not located.
Much Interest is taken ln the coming devel
opment of the vast gold resources of Siberia,
which will follow the trans-Siberian railroad
and the introduction of American scientific
methods. Russian mine-owners and engineers
are more frequently visiting this State to
study our mining methods, and California
mining experts and mining machinery will
find in Siberia an important field in the fu
ture.
The other day a party of distinguished Rus
sians completed a three weeks' visit here and
proceeded home without attracting notice.
The party consisted of Simon and Feder
Sbadrln, father and son and millionaire mine
owners, M. Shagaioff, an engineer in their em
ploy, and M. Krasilnikoff, a Government en
gineer. The lost week of their stay they put
in being astonished at what they saw and
learned in Trinity County, where the State's
biggest placer operations are now conducted.
They were piloted by Professor R. Leo Van
der Niullen of the Van der Naillen School of
Engineering, and examined the operations of
the- Chinese as well as of the biggest com
panies.
They spent hours watching the giants, and
were astonished at the scale and effectiveness
of the operations. They found the Hupp &
j McMurray mine working gravel paying 25
cents a cubic yard, with great giants and
sluice-boxes a mile long, and they found tbe
La Grange Mining Company bringing water
fifty-six miles and through a tunnel 8500 feet
in length and using a pressure of 500 feet. At
Mr. Shodrin's great placer mine no gravel
under $3 a yard is worked at a profit, and but
50 per cent is saved. Hundreds oi men do
by crude and expensive methods what a dozen
men will do in a vastly cheaper aid more
effective way here. The Siberian mining de
velopment has but fairly begun and it has
much room to grow. Siberia, however, offers
but very limited possibilities to Americans.
None but a Russian citizen may locate a claim
and the acquiring of mining property is diffi
cult. AH gold produced must be sold to the
Government.
The Alaska Mining Record, published at
Juneau, has issued a very handsome souvenir
edition for 1897, liberally illustrated with half
tone engravings showing views of the leading
mines and towns in Alaska. It is almost ex
clusively devoted to the mining Industry and
gives much of historical and present interest.
Tbe first important mining development of
Alaska began shortly after 1881, When the
Paris lode on Douglas Island was revealed by
placer washings, which exposed the bedrock,
In 1882 John Treadwell bought the property
for $400 and prospecting soon revealed a ledge
400 feet wide. The 240-stomp mill now on the
property is the largest in the world and the
mine has paid $3,025,000 in dividends. Other
great properties near Juneau are paying hand
somely.
Prospecting for quartz has been mainly con
fined to a strip along the southeastern coast
close to tidewater, the great difficulty of
travel and prospecting, the absence of roods
and the practical impossibility of develop
ment making the interior even near the coast
uninviting to the prospector, who naturally
prefers the placer diggings. Great ledges of
comparatively low grade gold-bearing quartz
appear to stretch along the panhandle of Alas
ka down the coast. The Mining Record calls
this the great mother lede of Alaska. It has
been but slightly explored and . may afford
other Treodwells. Still less is known about
the gold ledges of the Yukon Valley which
have just been stated by the geological survey
to exist, and which the Yukon placers prove
to ex. st. Development will be slow and diffi
cult and thousands will meet hardships and
failures, but there is no doubt that Alaska has
a great |mlning future. An estimate of the
Alaska gold yield is naturally difficult to make,
but the following by the Record for 1896 is
probably the best at band:
Nowoll Gold Mining Company, 35
stamps f 160,000
Berners Bay •Mining and Milling Com
pany, 40 stamps 125,000
Alaska-Tread wed Gold Mining Com
pany, 240 stamps 800,000
Alaska-Mexican Gold Mining pony,
I 'JO stamps 450,000
Alaska Commercial company, 40
samps GCO 000
Bald Eagle Mining Company, 4 stamps. 200,000
i bner God Mining Comiany. 10
samps 35.000
Juneau .Mining Company, 30 stamps.... . MOM
Jt a.in Gold MfnlDgCompiny.lOstomDS 20,000
.Alaska Willoughby Cod Mining com
pany, 10 stamps 15. ('00
Green mine, Norton Sound, 10 stamps.. 15,000
Total output of quartz mines 92,853.000
Lituo Bay p acer mines 15.000
COok inlet placer mines. 175,00(1
Birch CTMIc 'Ji-tirict, Vukoq mines I,* 00.000
other Yukon districts 800,000
From several small creeks In various '
parts oi the Territory, worked by or
rostros. 25,000
Tctal output $4,670,000
This gives an increase of $1,670,000 over
1895. The most important development in
quartz mining this year will be that of what
was known as the Lane & Hay ward proper
ties, comprising twenty claims in Silver Bow
Basin, four miles from Juneau, and which
have just been bought for about $500,000 by
Thomas Mem, now of San Francisco, and Al
fred Beit of London. . Great things are ex
pected of this property when the extensive
development planned is accomplished.
The rush of prospectors to Alaska promises
to be much increased this year, especially to
the Yukon region, where new strikes are re
ported. The needed warning ls constantly
given that no man should go with less than
$500 and that nobody can expect to do any
thing in less than two or three seasons. Of
course many will not heed this advice, to their
sorrow. ,
THE WATEE WE SHOULD DEINK
There Seems to Be >o Fixed Rule
About the Quantity.
According to Professor Allen we should
drink fiom one-third to two-fifths as many
ounces as we weigh in pounds. ' There
fore, for a man weighing 168 pounds there
would be required fifty-six to sixty-four
ounces daily, or from one and a half to
four pints. This the Journal of Hygiene
regards as a very indefinite answer. The
amount of water required depends on the
season of the year, the amount of work
done and the kind of food eaten. In hot
weather we require more than in cold, be
cause of the greater. Joss through tho
skin, though this is in part made up by
the lesser amount passed away through
the kidneys. STO i tirV*?CTy it TW
If a man labors very hard, be requires
more than if his labor is light. A man
working In a foundry, where the tempera
ture is high and the perspiration profuse,
not infrequently drinks three or four gal
lons daily. If the food is stimulating and
salty, more water is, required than if it is
bland. Vegetarians and. those who use
much fruit require less water than those
who eat salt fish and pork, and often get
along on none except what is in their food.
In most cases our instincts tells us bow
much water to drink far better than any
hard o» fixed rule. For ages they have
been acquiring a knowledge of how much
to drink and transmitting that knowledge
to descendants, and if we follow them we
atAii not go far out of the way. It is of
more use to us to know how much of it is
required da'.ly. If, one lives in a region
where the water is baa, it should be boiled
and out away in bottles well corked in an
icechest, and, in addition, one should eat
all the fruit one can, if fiuit agrees. Fruits
contain not only pure water, out salts
which are needed to carry on healthfully
the functions of life.— Medical Times.
Fleet sireet, London, is the chief center
of the British newspaper world. " It is
never lonely at any. hour of the day or
night.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Golony in the
Eastern Metropolis
WyFfjEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— D0 yon
1i \l want to be popular? .Do you want
4Lt»[i to be in the giddy, whirling swim,
where the people laugh and smile and
giggle and chat, and never say much after
all? Do yon want to wander through mar
ble balls and gaze on paintings and tapes
tries and rr.re antiques until your soul ex
pands with joy and wonder and then
shrivels up with its own insignfiicance?
Well, here's the recipe:
. Commit to memory a few dozen jokes —
good, bad or indifferent, new or shop
worn — only have jokes 1 Learn three cr
four neat little verses and aim to cultivate
a style of your own when reciting them.
Be au fait in every thfcg. Never try to be
candid and sincere; few people succeed in
that art and retain their friends and ad
mirers. Cultivate polite sarcasm, and
above all be important in manner and
look. Remember that you must be ex
clusive and politic, a very difficult combi
nation.
Be particular in choosing your tailor,
bootmaker, haberdasher and barber, and
never, never forget that soap is a very
good thing when used freely with warm
water. Have a beaming smile for all who
are higher up than you in the social scale,
and don't accept every invitation to all
sorts of affairs. Observe these rules and
you cannot fail in being popular and
sought alter wherever your fortune takes
you.
M. Bauer and family of San Francisco
arrived Thursday from an interesting trip
in Europe. They will be guests at the
Holland during their short stay in New
York.
Miss Eugenic Ferrar of San Francisco is
a great favorite among the California con
tingent in Gotham. Her gifts as a musi
cian are as well known here as at home
and during tbe. past few months she has
been very busy teaching pianoforte .to a
large ' number of pupils. She has an
apartment at the Gerard on Forty-fifth
street
H. van Bergen and Mrs. H. van Bergen
are registered at the Holland.
Young and athletic is one of the guests
at the Holland. He is one of San Fran
cisco's fine specimens of Western blood
and spirit. He is Emiie A. Bruguire and
a student at Harvard. On Friday he ran
down to New York just to pass the time
and see a lew friends. He will return to
Boston next week.
Miss Annie Apperson and Miss Kincaid
are guests at the Netherlands. 4
The spring days will soon be here and
though things look very dreary in the
great park it will be a few weeks only be
fore birds will be nesting and singing
and beautiful dainty spring flowers will be
peeping out upon the mighty throngs
which rus i and push and' toil upon this
little brown planet.
Ach, meln! but 'tis cold white winter
now, and the Icicles hang from the roofs
and balconies and look like crusaders'
spears in the sunlight. Spring is near.
W. P. Scott of San Francisco is in town,
having arrived on Saturday afternoon.
Edgar Kickard arrived; on Wednesday
ana registered at the Gilsey.
The Metropolitan Hotel, once known as
the "Coleman House," looks like a white-'
faced beggar sunning, lately. Since Mr.
Fife's failure and the visitation of the
Sheriffs, who helped the movers to trans
port the hotel' 8 belongings to other and
more safe quarters, everybody wondered
what would happen to the old place. A
few days ago a big white cloth was hung
over tbe door, on the Broadway entrance,
and in big fright letters is the announce
ment that in February some time the hotel
will be reopened, refurnished and refitted,
all of which will be under entirely new
management. It is to be hoped the new
venture may prove successful.
W. H. Pearson and his three handsome
sons — Charles, Harry and Fred — made
the Coleman House exceedin ly popular
when they owned it six years ago. Cali
fornians looked upon it as a sort of Mecca
in the desert of New York.
At the Grand Hotel are a number of
Californians. Among them is Arthur L.
Bell, a resident of San Francisco, who ar
rived on Thursday.
E. S. Irvine is also a sojourner in our
midst
The great cycle show during the past
week has excited ereat enthusiasm among
the wheelmen all over the State. The
L. A. W.s grand reunion at Albany was
at a splendid time, because hundreds of
delegates from all over the United States
came down to New York to view the won
derful display of wheels at Grand Central
Palace.
Among the Californians who took advan
tage of the opportunity were Judge Frank
H. Kerrigan and R. M. Welch, members of
the L. A. W., both delegates from Califor
nia. They came down to New York im
sew TO-DAT HEW to-dat.
UNUSUAL ;:K i
OPPOBTIfNITY. S§&»»
, —
\ We will continue our great clearance TO THE POINT. i
t sale this week at a loss as txe itmmiem *>'■
f W. dean ont our »!„*.. . . . While some aim to and others claim tt
I to clean out our winter stock to make to we really give best value for least I
a room for spring goods. ". yjl money. Note the following prices : gl
I latent*/ Mocassins, sizes oto 4 20c Men's Calf Cork Sole, Lace or Con- £1
| Child's Black Cloth Top Button, hand- gress, reduced from $3.50 to $2.45 §
I iMTher '£ s*to 7 e i > Patenl " «« Men's Calf, Cork Sole. Lace or Con- 1
\ Child's Flue P^f.hi* «2fr ' "ri"'."" 95 « gress (Buckingham & Hecht's make), f
I ™ou? soles, p?bbtoV. r 5? ln ; B » feducedfrom $4.00 t0 53.25 |
m slzesS to 7«.. ......... F g ne?i ' ,-.„ Men's Best French Calf, Lace or Con- H
■0 sizes BtollJ< .. ..'""" " AX° gress, cork sole (Buckingham & P
n Misses' Fine Pebble Grain" Button, Hecht's make), reduced fr0m...... H
I spring heel, pebble tip, sizes 11 to 2 *1 15 ...........$5.00 to $3.85 g
n Ladies' Fine Glace Kid Button, narrow ' Men's Buckingham & Heeht's NOVA 11
m square toe and tip, also pointed toe SCOTIA SEAL, Lice or Congress, 5
m and tip, reduced irom $2 00 to $1.80 cork sole, absolutely water pr00f.... $5.00 ■
Kasts KS^iPs J
I * 738-740 Market St 738-740 Market St |
I Carry a Full Line or Buckingham We Do Not . Prepay Mall or Ex- 11
ft & Hecht'a i'ine Shoes press Charges on the Above Ad ver- El
tj • y ' -\.* : Used Goods.' "3
* SEND FOR CATALOGUE. MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. 3
mediately after the convention of wheel
men adjourned on Friday. yH: •>
Apropos, Judge Frank H. Kerrigan,
though young in years, seemed to be by
common consent the guardian of our
California delegates at Albany.
Frank W. Fuller, one of the delegates
of the California L. A- W., did some good
work for the cause while in Albany.
Many will regret that the next conven
tion will take place at St. Louis. Ever
since the fatal cyclone last . summer the
town has seemed hoodooed.
Mike H. de Young, who recently re
turned from Germany, was an honored
guest at the grand banquet on Thursday
night, which was given by the New York
Press Association at Delmonico's. Hon.
Theodore Sutro, New York Tax Commis
sioner, was also an honored guest of the
occasion. Mr. Sutro is the brilliant brother
of Hon. Adolpb Sutro, a man of whom San
Francisco may rightfully be proud.
W. H. Fleet and Mrs. Fleet, prominent
in Los Angeles, are stopping way down
town at the Astor.
Edgar Rickard has been in town since
last Wednesday. IBW
Mrs. Henry Gillig is living very quietly
in her handsome apartments at the Gilsey
House. She declares that she has no de
sire to entertain to any great extent during
her husband's absence In the Hawaiian
Islands.
Every fine day she may be seen driving
through the park and up Riverside in a
very stylish turnout, looking handsome
and well gowned. I met her the other
morning on Fifth avenue giving her prize
brindle bulldog Pinko a joliy little walk.
Pinko is a great pet, and as he took first
prize in Paris last summer for being the
finest specimen of his class he is doubly
precious.
Mrs. Gillig may go over to Paris in early
spring; however, she is yet undecided. The
picturesque home at Larchmont she will
occupy in the summer when Mr. Gillig
returns.
F. D. Higginbotham, well known in San
Francisco and San Diego, is meeting with
most encouraging success as manager of
8. N. Wood & Co.'s tailoring establish
ment on Broadway and Thirtieth streets.
Mr. Higginbotham has been away from
California for just a year, and says with
out hesitation tnat he enjoys the rough
and wintry weather of the East, for he
finds it agrees with him excellently well.
Here's a rough reflection on the Thes
pian tribe: A young man is looking sad
and uncomfortable when sympathizing
friends ask, "What's the matter, Bill?"
Bill shakes his head disconsolately, sighs,
viciously bites off a piece ot his cigar
and mutters: "Well, yon see, Tom, I
hate to tell mother the truth about my
life; I hate to tell the poor old girl I'm an
actor; she has always believed I was a
burglar." Tbella Foltz Toland.
34 Park Row.
A Georgia Legislator.
The newly arrived stranger in Atlanta
started up Whitehall street in search of
information. On the corner of Alabama
street he encountered a tall yellow- faced
individual in a droopy coat and soiled tie.
. "My good sir," said the stranger, "I am
in search of information concerning this
great State of Georgia and feel sure that
yon can assist me very materially. What
is your population
"Dunno." *
"What kind of a school system have yon
here?"
"Dunno."
"How about your tax rate?"
"Dunuo."
"Is your government friendly or un
friendly to manufacturing corporations?"
"Dunno."
"Let's see— ho w does Georgia rank among
the other States of the South in its agri
cultural products?"
"Dunno."
' 'Ah, you don't live there, then ?"
"Yaas."
"What do you do?"
"Oh, I'm je-t a member of the Legisla
ture."—Calhoun Times'
Professor Pasteur's Tomb.
Pasteur's body has at last reached its
final resting place in the crypt of the Pas
teur Institute in Paris. The desipn of the
crypt has been carrie out by M. Girault,
the architect of the palaces to be erected
in the Champs Elysees for the exposition
of 1900. ■ The plan and details were sug
gested by the son of Pasteur, after the By
zantine mausoleum of Galla Placidia at
Ravenna.
An appropriate but curious feature of
the crypt is the mosaic ornamentation of
the vaulted ceiling. The designs, in green
and gold enamel, Indicate the principal
discoveries of Pasteur sheep healed -of
the rot, fowls, cows, dogs with hydropho
bia, and the timid rabbits that have been
the useful victims of bis experiments.
The bop pattern and the vine record his
researches on fermentation and the phyl
loxera and the mulberry leaf tell of
the remedy he brought to the silkworm's
malady.
wwww^^^ HEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
GRAND PRICES WERE
WIND-UP JJ EVER CUT SO
of our DEEPLY as they are
GREAT this week throughout
SACRIFICE the 1 balance of our
CA I P t surplus stock of Fall
bALfcl . and' Winter goods, for
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE LAST
WEEK OF OUR GREAT SACRIFICE
SALE and before it closes EVERY-
THING MUST BE DISPOSED OF to
make room for immense importations of
Spring goods daily arriving, conse-
quently the following and all other
broken lines and oddments of every
description have been subjected to
Reductions That Will Clear
Them Out With a Rush!
COLORED 10 ?/ch liE
DRESS wool
UKt-OO D R E S 8
QUO L)o. boucles,
stripes and figured effects, former
price 50c a yard; Clearance Sale 9X/>
price "OL.
72 pieces 39-INCH HEAVY ALL-
WOOL NOVELTY CHEVIOT,
former price 60c a yard; Clearance DX 0
Sale price i. ...... OOLi
60 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL-
WOOL FRENCH FIGURED
DRESS GOODS, stylish designs,
former price $1 a yard; Clearance KA/>
S ale price °ULf
\ri\l A CcV 3 cases 47-INCH All
DL./\WI\. Pure WoolENG-
rsnriri<i lish storm
KJKJKJmJm^. SERGE, worth KAp
75c a yard; Clearance Sale price.. OUL) \
•*
lease 44-INCH FIGURED ENG-
LISH MOHAIR, in various de-
signs extra good value for 75c a KAp
yard; Clearance Sale price OUL,
case 58-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
IMPORTED CHEVIOTS, worth H~
$1 50 a yard; Clearance Sale price ■* OLt
c
CUV 50 pieces BLACK
~IL.IV BROCADED
nCD'T SATIN and GROS-
MJCtar 1. GRAIN SILK, me-
dium desicns, regular value 75c a KK/>
yard; Clearance price OOLi
40 pieces BLACK SATIN AND
GROS-GRAIN BROCADES,
large designs, regular value $1 a i7X/»
yard; Clearance Sale price I OLi
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK DU-
CHESSE SATIN, extra heavy
quality, regular value $150 a Q*| 00
yard; Clearance Sale price <jpX. —
I A niRQ' 65 dozen 5 and 7
Leti^lJlCeJ HOOK GEN U-
rsi nVRQ IN FOSTER
VJI-iV/ V CO. KID GLOVES,
colors and black, odd sizes and
slightly imperfect, regular value
%l 25 and $1 50 a pair; Clearance OJf n
Sale price ! uOKj
75 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH
MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED
KID GLOVES, in dark and me-
dium tan shades, regular value HZ.n
$1 25 a pair; Clearance Sale price • OL)
Rl ANKFTS v we bought
ULnniVL 1 O. about 1500 pairs
Rl AlSIk'FT^ fine- white
DLAniiCI'O. WOOL BLANK-
ETS, the entire stock of the Stockton
Woolen Mills. We cleared out another
large lot from the Oregon City Woolen
Mills. The season was over, and we got
them at about half value. We make
prices to sell them, as we realize the cold
weather is nearly passed. These are all
tine goods, remember, and at prices of
common makes.
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA
WOOL BLANKETS, fully 6
feet wide (the extra size), costflgQ AX
to make $5 15, but we will sell *ffOe\uO
them at... ?.. .. .. psr Pair
HEAVY 10-4 SOLID WEAVE
WHITE BLANKETS, cost the &A pf A
mill $4 95, but our selling price $'±.01/
i 5........ per Pair
ABETTER GRADE, EXTRA ©/I 7K
SIZE, FINE BLANKET, the $4. • "
$6 50 article, but our price Is., per Pair
A SUPERFINE WHITE
BLANKET, made for very
large beds, being 80 inches Q/» ■** A
wide, cost $9 75 to the mill, but V^*""
we will sell them at per Pair
'Ladies' jackets and capes.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, half silk lined, high neck, lap pock- ©7'KA
ets, regular price $12 50; Clearance Sale price ip i aOU
LADIES* BLACK PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely ■•'-£
beaded, storm collar edged with black Thibet fur, regular price $10; flj»K 7K
Clearance Sale price .*... • nQi ( O
■* — . .
J®' STORE CLOSED MONDAY, WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. \
/ fi k* MURPHY BUILDING, /
[fif fflariet Street, Comer of Mi / x
i Son FrtAoißOO. *
I A C CAMBRIC GUIPURE
m-.t\ *W Lm. EMBROIDERIES, 5c
npD'T special values this to
m^m^tT 1 . Week at sc, 7^ c> 10c, 25c
12>£c, 15c, 20c and 25c per yard. *
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE. 4 to 8 lOc
inches wide, special values at 10c, to
1 2 /4<5, 15c, 20c and 25c per yard. 25c
BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE, 5c
4 to 7 inches wide, special values, to
at sc. 6^c, 3 c, 10c, 12}£c and 15c 15c
per yaru.
BUTTER AND CHAMPAGNE
POINT VENISE EDGES and IN- lOc
, SERTIONS, extra values, %to 1 to
inch wide, at 10c, l^c, 15c, 20c 95c
and 25c per yard.
ROVQ' Two lots of about
*-* yj * O 180 dozen BOYS'.
AND WAISTS AND
M FISTS FAUNTLEROY
1 1 a., 1 aZ? BLOUSES, the for-
WRAD mer made with
TT *-»*> I V*- pleated backs and
fronts and of Cheviots, Percales
and fancy Ginghams, and the lat-
ter of new designs of fast-color
prints, with ruffle collars, cuffs .
and fronts, extra value for 50c OK/»
each; Clearance Saleprice mmOL*
65 dozen MEN'S HEAVY FULL-
FINISHED MERINO SOCKS,
with double spliced heels and
toes, in assorted colors, regular
price 25c a pair; Clearance "Sale *1 Ol^
price J-" 'Sx
32 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY
UNDYED AUSTRALIAN WOOL
UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, warranted thoroughly y :
shrunk, regular price $1 25 each; HZga
Clearance Sale price........ 4 Ou
HOmFPV 110 dozen
IIV-JOIEiI\ I . LADIES' IM-
HO^IFDV PORTED
lIUOILM. BLACK COT-
TON HOSE, double heels, soles
and toes, warranted fast black,
regular price 25c a pair; Clear- -J £*"/-»
ance Sale price XOU
115 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, Rem-
. brandt ribbed, high-spliced heels,
soles and toes, Hermsdorf dye, .7 ,
regular price 40c a pair; Clear- OX/»
ance Sale price «-SDu
125 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels, double soles and
toes, Hermsdorf dye, our regular
50c quality; Clearance Sale price QQl^
3 pairs for $1 ODsti
\W Afk'llSl- CHILDREN'S
jTI/W^rVli^l- MACKINTOSHES,
TH^HF^ in navy blue and
* yjoDLmmmimJa mixed colors, Qf) i\fa
value $3, will be closed out at «jJJ«.I/ll
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in
navy and black, two capes, CJ9 A
value $5, will be closed out at qpO.OU
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in
one care, value .$7 50, will beffl»*r A A
closed ont at. .. tjpO.l/lr
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in
two capes, in navy and black, On £f\\
value $9, will be closed out at fJJU.Ov/
UMBRELLAS, fets*ffi-
LAS, in handsome Dresden handles,
English Gloria Silk, value $3, '
$3 50 and $4, will be closed out ©*| »7 Jf
, at...... tjP±.*o
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday (ail, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail. .66
faunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
V kia.Lv Call, one year, by mill *M>
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßoß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1174
BRANCH OFFICBSi
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open antll
8:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
■ mil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFP1CB:
SOU Broadway.
' EASTERN OFFICE:
['.oomi si md S3, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
' J
SUNDAY FKBRUARY 21. 1897
During the week, ending yes-
terday, THE CALL published
4500 inches
of advertisements, which is
492 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
This is a good day to meditate on what
can be done to afford work for the unem
ployed.
In New York they call it "yellow jour
nalism," but yellow dog would be more
fully descriptive.
Chicago girls have quit wearing big hats
at the theater, but complaints continue of
the size of their shoes.
The country will now have to drop the
joke about whiskers, for McKinley's Cabi
net is a whiskered crowd.
It Is believed Spain weuld willingly get
• out of Cuba if she could find a way of do
ing it without crawling out.
* ■
The Greek war is clearly an uprising of
the people, and the King must either take
the sword or give up the throne.
Chicago has an organization called "The
Good Habits Society," and it is scarcely
necessary to say the habits were imported.
Yon will find it to your advantage to
read the advertisements in Thk Call this
morning. There are bargains in them
for you.
In some parts of Illinois the people are
enjoying the winter with wolf hunts, but
In most cases we believe they have to go
outside the limits of Chicago to find the
game.
Eastern fashion authorities assert
"there will be nothing new in bloomers
this year," but don't be too brash in re
peating it. The old girl may think her-
Belf new.
Just at present it is hard to tell whether
the center of gravity of this country is at
Canton or Carson, but after March 4 Can
ton will take the toboggan slide and then
we will know.
It is said that at the beginning the
Bradley Martin ball looked like a stately
ceremony of the grand days of Louis XV,
but as soon as the guests began to dance
the illusion vanished.
The Senate very happily solved the
question wnether the arbitration treaty
should be discussed in secret or in open
session by debating it in tecret and then
publishing the speeches.
Zangwill says a modern play consists
"of an ounce of sin, a pound of sorrow
and a pint of chestnuts," but this analysis
strangely overlooks the fact that an ell of
a song and dance is generally included.
Now that the State has shown a will
ingness to advance the university, we may
be sure private generosity will come for
ward to aid the work. In this world one
good turn always brings about another. -
As a plan bas been adopted to fortify
London from a possible attack by land, it
is clear the British are not counting too
much on the continuance of peace. In
time of arbitration they are preparing for
war.
• * ■ ■
The Bey. Thomas Dixon has evidently
been to San Francisco and visited Golden
Gate Park on a sunny afternoon, for he
says "the most beautiful sight in the
world is a beautiful woman on a beautiful
horse." ,
Seven hundred cities in the United
States have already formed committees to
give aid and encouragement to the Cuban
cause, so we will be in a numerous as well
as a good company when we start the
work here.
George Cary Eggleston reports that in a
recent interview Mr. Cleveland, when
asked if he was weary of official life, re
plied, "1 am tired," and thus we learn
that to some extent Grover shares the
feelings of the people.
The women of Boston, New York and
Chicago having failed to start the fashion
of short skirts for rainy days those of
.Baltimore intend to undertake it, and it
is believed they will succeed. They have
pretty feet in Baltimore.
Washington City does not wish much
from the next Congress, but it does desire
to see an official residence erected for the
Vice-President. Even in that case, how
ever, it does not seem to tare enough for
the thing to offer a lot for it.
It is. asserted that during the last two
months McKinley has received thousands
of letters asking him to give the writers a
private tip to enable them to win prizes
offered for the best guess as to the incom
ing Cabinet. 77-- V7^?i
■
Since the main objection to war in Eu
rope is the destruction it would cause to
property it would be a good idea for Ne
vada to offer room for a campaign to any
powers that wish to fight. The scheme
would have the advantage of booming the
State and fertilizing the ground at the
same time. V,
BETTER TIMES COMING.
The clamor of the unemployed in this City for work is not greater than that
which is heard in all other parts of the Union. We are, in fact, more fortunate than
the rest. We have, perhaps, fewer unemployed in proportion to the population than
any other great city, and it is more easy for us to give them work in this climate than
it would be in the East, where there is little that can be undertaken now beyond the
task of shoveling snow from the streets.
It is no consolation to us, however, to know that other cities are in worse condi
tion than ourselves. We cannot give comfort to those who need work nor promote
our own prosperity by recalling tbe fact that in other places the number of the unem
ployed is greater than ours, and that the prospects for supplying men with employ
ment are less than those which surround San Francisco. The only real recourse left
to us is to provide in some way for civing temporary employment to those who need
It, while awaiting that revival of business and enterprise which will furnish to
every industrious worker abundant opportunity to earn wages that will not only
suffice his daily needs, but leave him, if he exercises a reasonable economy, some
thing to save up against the coming of hard times in the future.
Fortunately, every outlook is distinctly encouraging to those who look for a re
vival of industry to come with the coming summer and to grow into large proportions
before the year closes. The center to which all thoughts of industrious and enter
prising men are directed at this time is Congress. All are waiting for tbe assembling
of that extra session which is to cive a new tariff that will amply protect our indus
tries, and all are hoping tbat the members of Congress will be sufficiently well ad
vised concerning the conditions of the country and its true needs to assure that
the bill will be promptly passed without a single day of partisan obstruction.
All reports from Washington give promise that the tariff bill may be enacted and
put into force before July. It is said by well-informed correspondents that those who
fear the Senate may obstruct the passage of the new tariff are not well posted on the
situation. Those who are in a position to know the truth declare that the tariff is no
longer an is«ue in Congress There are no free-traders in the Senate. There are some
with whom "a moderate tariff" is a favorite expression, but these will not seriously
oppose the passage of any measure which may be sent from th«j House. As a matter
of fact it seems that tbe tariff bill is as good as passed. ?s**ft
That the great captains of industry and leaders of commerce and finance are con
fident of the speedy passage of the act is made evident by the breaking down of the
j trusts and combinations which were formed under the stress of hard times. New
orders for goods of all kinds are being sent to the manufacturers and as a result the
managers of the different companies feel that they can see their way clear to do a
profitable business in the future without submitting themselves to the burdens and
dictations of the trusts to which they yielded in the past only because they found
some sort of combination absolutely necessary for the maintenance of their industry.
The signs of a new activity in business are distinctly encouraging to the wage
earning class. One of the most noticeable of these signs was the collapse of the
steel-rail trust, brought about under circumstances which promise an immediate be
ginning of the construction of new railroads on a large scale. It has long been known
that railroad building in the most reliable measure we have of the general activity of
business. Whenever new lines are being constructed and old ones repaired there is
always a widespread benefit for nearly every kind of industry in the country. Work
at such times is profitable, and employers are able to pay good wages and to engage
many men. Since therefore the reports seem to assure an early beginning of the work
of railroad construction, itis reasonable to assume that it will not be long before our
wage-earners will not have to weary themselves in the task of hunting for work.
Surely the day is coming for a revival of prosperity in the United States. We
shall soon have a protective system that will be a permanent part of our legislation.
It will be a foundation on which all industry can build and every class of our people
will profit by it. The long depression has put every busines* on a safe economic
basis. There are no great speculative ventures under way to disturb public confidence.
When once the upward movement begins it will go forward rapidly and safely for a
long time to come.
THE UNEMPLOYED.
Men and women of light and leadership
who have the means and the energy to
accomplish that which they desire, or who
have the faculty of interesting others in
good work of public importance, should
give a portion of their leisure to-day to
serious consideration of the condition of
the unemployed workingmen of tho City.
There is a loss to the community as a
whole when any portion of its working
force is left idle and it behooves those
who have the power to prevent that loss
to be prompt in doing so.
Among the means which have been
suggested of giving work to those who
need it is that of constructing the long
discussed boulevard; from tbe part to the
Ocean View road. This work is one which
has been so often considered that it hardly
requires explanation at this time. Its
completion would be in the fullest sense a
public benefit. It would open for the City
one of the finest driveways in the world
and would add not oniy to the value of
the land along the proposed roadway, but
to the pleasure of all who delight in driv
ing. The work would cost comparatively
little in proportion to its ultimate value,
and its construction at this time would
enable us to make use of labor and energy
which otherwise would be altogether lost
to tbe community.
The committee of public- spirited citi
zens having in charge the task of obtain
ing work for the unemployed have given
favorable consideration to the plan of pro
viding work by undertaking the construc
tion of the proposed boulevard. They
have set about procuring the necessary
rights of way, and there can be little
doubt of tbeir success. When that has
been accomplished the next step will be
to obtain the money required to defray
the cost of the work, and in a city of the
wealth of San Francisco tbat should not
be a matter of much trouble or of long
delay.
It is a strange freak of fortune that a
State so young as California should have
any large number of unemployed in
dustrious men among her citizens. That
there should be an over-supply of labor in
a community which is not yet half settled,
where there are so many thousand acres
untitled and so many resources unde
veloped, is one of the curiosities of modern
civilization. The fact, however, is one
which cannot be gainsaid. The problem
of the unemployed confronts us as directly
as it does the old cities of the East and
Europe. Fortunately, we are better able
to meet it than tbey. We do not have to
bunt for the means of employing our
labor. The work required is plain before
us and is almost crying out for the work
ers. All that we have to do is to raise
the money to pay for it, and with com
paratively small contributions from those
who can afford it that will be achieved
without any great burden on anybody.
EUROPEAN DIPLOMACY.
Of all tbe reports which come to us from
Europe concerning the crisis in- the Le
vant . those only are worthy of much
credit which narrate overt actions taken
by one power or another. So far as these
reports undertake to make us acquainted
with the plans of statesmen . or the pos
sible action of the powers they are wholly
unreliable. The apothegm of Talleyrand,
that words were given to men to conceal
thoughts, has been taken to heart by every
European diplomatist, and what they say
to the public is in nine cases out of ten
designed to deceive rather than to in
struct.
. .It is not long since the world had a
startling lesson showing the unreliability
of that part of diplomatic work which is
made public. It was revealed tbat at the
very time when Bismarck, acting lot the
German Government as Chancellor ofthe
empire, was ostensibly, prominently, con
spicuously and exuberantly organizing a
triple alliance between Germany, Austria
•nd Italy, he was really Engaged in a
secret understanding with Russia by
which Germany and Russia were to act as
allies in case of any European complica
tion. By this revelation it was made evi
dent that the famous Dreibund, on which
the public relied so much for the peace of
Europe, was but a masquerade under
which cunning diplomacy was engaged in
arranging for event-* of which the world
had no conception and even no suspicion.
With this lesson fresh in our minds we
can hardly give much credence to the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
ports which come to us from Europe con
cerning the arrangements which the di
plomatists of the powers are making for
the settlement of the Eastern question.
All that wo can be certain of is the moves
which are actually made upon the chess
board. We know the Cretans have re
volted against Turkish rule, that the
Greeks have gone to the aid of the Cretans,
that France, Russia, England and Italy
have dispatched warships to the scene of
the trouble. Beyond these things we
know nothing, and any reports of what
Russia, England, Germany and France in
tend to do must be studied less by what
the reports say than by what under the
existing condition of affairs seems to be
most to the interest of each particular
power. -,
Ever since the outbreak of the Armenian
disturbances the Russian Government has
been playing an unwonted role in the Eu
ropean drama. It was expected that Rus
sia would be among the first to go to the
relief of the Armenians. Instead of do
ing bo. however, she espoused the cause of
the Sultan, and not only refused to help
the Armenians herself, but prevented the
other powers from doing so. No outsider
can explain satisfactorily this chan in
the historic attitude of Russia toward Tur
key. It evidently means some extraor
dinary new policy arranged between Rus
sia and some other power; but as to what
that policy is the best which the most ex
pert student of European diplomacy from
the outside could do to explain it would be
mere guesswork. . ,
NORDAU ON AMERICA.
Max Nordau, the famous author of
"Degeneracy," has written a review of the
conditions of the world during the year
just ended. The article was published in
a Vienna paper and contains some very
flattering things about Americans. While
the sweeping charges in his book of whole
sale degeneracy met with much condem
nation it is quite a different matter when
he tickles our vanity by confining degen
eracy to the Old World, and perhaps now
we can afford to hail him as a prophet.
He starts the subject by saying that the
Cuban revolt has been philosophically
and historically by far the most import
ant event of the year just closed. He pre
dicts that if Cuba does not succeed In
whipping Spain the mother country
will voluntarily relinquish the island in
the near future, and gives as a reason that
Cuba has behind her the public opinion of
America, against which, he says, "Europe
has almost become impotent."
The Americans, he says, are emigrants
and descendants of emigrants, who will
never forgive their native land the condi
tions which compelled them to expatriate
themselves. He declares our purpose is
to separate ourselves from the Old World
"politically, socially, spiritually and eco
nomically," and that we will succeed.
Europe is asserted to be sinking under the
burdens of militarism and despotism
while America is progressing rapidly.
Nordau'a remarks about the Monroe
doctrine and our future course in regard
to immigration are interesting and
couched in language so flattering as to
make us laugh. Doubtless they are in a
measure true, but th. most spread-eagle
pride will scarcely be prepared just yet for
this prediction: "I have no doubt there
will come a day when the Monroe doctrine
will assume the now meaning— that it is
not compatible with the dignity ana high
state of civilization of the American
people to mix with th. inferior races of
Europe."
Although we must smile at the superla
tive : way In which this is put there is
some truth in the basis of the prediction.
Nations that strain their energies to the
utmost to support militarism are too
heavily handicapped to race with Amer
ica toward the goal of a higher civiliza
tion. We are slowly but surely Increas
ing the stringency of our immigration
laws and the growth of the sentiment of
"America for Americans" points to prob
able future laws that will approximate
exclusion. "*'v : *"'*'o .->.'■
Out of the extravagance of Nordau's
language there can be gathered elements
of truth. We are risme to higher heights
of industrial and social life with much
greater rapidity than the people of Eu
rope. Whether or not we agree that the
Europeans are degenerating it certainly
seems that Nordau is justified in deriving
from present conditions the conclusion
that while "deep and dark dusk Is draw
ing over Europe the golden sun is just
scattering its lustrous rays over the Amer
ican continent."
DRESS AND MANNERS.
As one of the results of the Bradley
Martin masquerade attention has been
called to the relation of dress to manners,
and the necessity of having the one cor
respond with the other. The guests at
the great ball had the manners of the fin
de siecle, and they wore the dress of the
times of Louis XIV and Louis XV. As a
consequence there were more incidents to
the square foot of the ballroom than in
any other entertainment that has been
known in a long time, and great has been
the comment thereon.
One of the society reporters for the great
New York dailies in describing the course
of the ball said:
There was a slight suggestion of the ludi
crous about it all, for many people were trying
to do things which were not down in the court
manuals of .two and three centuries ago. For
instance, the ladies of the courts of Louis XIV,
XV and XVI did not waltz a deux temps and
trols temps. Their movements were slow and
stately, as their heavy wigs and brocades ne
cessitated; nor were the courtiers' tight
small clothes, high cifebots and long swords
adapted to drawing-room capers. It was
amusing to watch some of the pretty debu
tantes of the season waltzing away for dear
life, their wigs awry and their own natural
warmth of color coming through the paint,
while their partners* ruffles went to pieces,
and in some instances sank out of sight. They
were, indeed, the wiseacres, so far as looks
went, who lent themselves to the stateliness
rather than the merriment of the scene. The
cardinals, caveliers, kings and courtiers who
rushed up to their dressing-rooms and snatch
ing off their wigs criea aloud for drinks,
seemed too much up to date.
It was noted as the evening wore on that
the women carried their old-fashioned
clothes much more gracefully and appro
priately than did the men. A good many
of them had sufficient tact to act the parts
which they dressed to perform. Having
arrayed themselves as queens they con
ducted themselves accordingly and thus
managed to get through the evening
without any disasters occasioned by their
own faults. With the men, however, It
was different. They wore the garb of the
splendid courtiers of the magnificent and
stately court of Louis Ie "grand, but they
did not change their manners, and as a
consequence they succeeded in changing
the entertainment from a superb masque
rade into something like a free-for-all
scramble.
If Thomas Carlyle had been spared to
live long enough to see the ball he would
have found in it the occasion for adding a
new and brilliant chapter to "Sartor
Resartus." The theory of his "clothes
philosophy," which be expounded so elo
quently, would have found ample confirm
ation in the facts which he could have
gathered during an hour's visit to that
great entertainment. The amount of wis
dom, wit, satire and poetry which he could
have poured forth on the subject of that
ball had he lived to see it would have been
a valuable contribution to our literature,
and all that we have been told concerning
it adds to the public regret that Carlyle is
dead. ■-.*>■ :V
PERSONAL.
H. Flnlay of Santa Rosa is in town.
M. A Bhippee of Butte Is at the Lick.
W. M. Hussey of Stockton Is at the Grand.
T. H. Guff of San Bernardino is at the Grand.
£. C. Damon ol Port Kenyon ls at the Grand.
J. W. Waldron ot Fresno arrived here yester
day.
George Pratt of St. Louis arrived here yester
day.
A. Tognazzini of San Luis Obitoo la in the
City.
• John North of Redlands is a late arrival
here.
Senator S. N. Androus ls here from Sacra
mento.
A. L. Levlniky, the attorney of Stockton, is
in town.
R. P. Hulbert of Redwood City ls here on a
brief visit.
T. L. Caruthers, an attorney of Ukiah. ls at
the Grand.'
W. L. Gazzam of Seattle is one of the arrivals
in the City.
Henry Elckhoff, an attorney of San Rafael, Is
at the Lick. r - ;•'.;'•
R. A. Bogge. of the Abbott mines ls at the
Occidental.
Charles Bonner of Missoula, Mont., ls at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. Orlando and wife of Carson City are at the
Cosmopolitan.
Charles K. Lipman, a merchant of Sacra
mento, la in town.
Dr. W. Conlln and C. L. Hasler of Corvallls,
Or., are at the Russ.
Judge S. M. Buck, one of the pioneers of
Eureka, is at the Lick.
John 6. Power, a wealthy resident of Brook
lyn, N. V., is at the Occidental.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of Stanford Uni
versity arrived here yesterday.
Baron F. yon Hiller of Germany Is In the
City, after a stay at Santa Cruz.
W. J. Monteith, proprietor ' of the Hotel
Mikado, Portland, Is in the City.
J. J. Perrln, a wealthy resident of Kalamazoo,
is here, accompanied by Mrs. Perrln.
Captain K. W. Holmes of tho steamer Wil
lamette ls quartered at the Occidental.
E. C. Simmons, president of the Simmons
Hardware Company, St. Louis, ls on a visit
here.
F. J. Simmons, a business man of Detroit, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by Mrs. Sim
mons.
George Aaams, owner of a general merchan
dizing store at Eureka, Utah, ls here on a busi
ness trip. \" »
J. W. Adams, traveling passenger agent of
the Chicago and Alton Railroad, is at the
Occidental. - , .• *
J. C. Ruddick, an attorney of Ukiah, and
one of the directors of the insane asylum
there, ls at the Grand.
Mrs. P. E. Gage Portland and Mrs. Julia
Ryan of Butte, Mont., are among the recent
arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. J. M. Levy, wife of J. M. Levy, the gen
eral merchant, of Halfmoon Bay, is at the
Lick, accompanied by her son. ' ,Vy*
W. 8. Crisman, a wealthy mining man of
Utah, whose residence is ln Salt Lake, Is at the
Palace. He is accompanied by J. P. Winder Jr.
and £. R. Eldridge.
Ellis Gross, one of the pioneer merchants of
Tacoma, who built the Gross block, one of the
largest and handsomest in that city, has ar
rived here and is at the Grand. Mr. Gross Is
one of th. four brothers who for many years
composed on. firm there. Of tn.se but two
ar. left In business, and they are now separat
ing, Morris Gross taking the old establish
ment, while Ellis Gross, now here, will engage
In a somewhat different line ln Tacoma.
CALiFORNIANS IN NEW YORK-
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 20. -At the Plaza;
R. C. Crosby; Marboro, G. M. Leddon; Im
perial, N. c. Klngsley; Park-avenue, J. D,
HommelL Mr. and Mrs. Henry Van Bergen
left the Plaza to sail for a' tour of Southern
Europe. Mr. and Mrs. William R. Whlitaker
sailed on the Kaiser Wllhelm II for an Egypt
ian trip. Paul E. Gutschow sailed on tb.
Servla for England.
A SOLEMN -WARNING.
Atlanta Ban. . .
In every town there are broad-shouldered,
stalwart men leading idle lives and complain
ing that they can get nothing to do. Their
ruin dates back from a little Federal office*
which unfitted them for useful wort They
lost their places, and will stand around for
the remainder of their lives living on their
friends and waiting fox an appointment
ARMY REORGANIZATION.
The army reorganization bill, generally
known as the Lamont bill, and which was re
cently favorably reported to the House, em
bodies the main features of army organization
for which the friends of the service in Con
gress and out have been striving for a number
of years. '*>';-y : ■':■ '. »: '<
The bill adds two new regiments to the, ar
tillery, making seven in all, and gives the In
fantry the three-battalion organization, as in
all modern armies. The present infantry regi
ment ls composed of ten companies, two of
which are ••skeleton." The bill adds tw»
companies, giving three battalions of four
companies each, one battalion of which may
be skeletonized and the other two kept on a
full basis. The cavalry remains at ten regi
ments as at present.
In 1806. at the close of the Civil War, the
strength of the regular army was about 75,
--000 and remained such during the reconstruc
tion period. In 1870 it waa reduced to 30,000
men and In 1875 to 25,000. at which figure it
has since remained. The proposed reorgani
zation will give the army a strength of 30,000
men, the same as from 1870 to 1874, i. c..
about an average of one soldier to eveiy 100
square miles or one soldier to about every
2200 inhabitants.
The House Committee estimates the addi
tional cost at $1,770,073 per annum, an In
crease of 6% per cent over the present appro
priations. However the effective strength of
regiments will be increased about 18 per cent.
The proportional distribution of the 30,000
men would be as follows: Cavalry, thirty
squadrons, 6170 men; artillery, fourteen
light and seventy heavy batteries, eighty-four
in a 11 ,5075; infantry, seventy. battalions,
10,325; engineers, one battalion, 500 men.
The balance is made up of the enlisted men
ot the ordnance, signal and hospital corps,
quartermasters and commissary sergeants,
etc. -jf*. ■■ ■"■-"""•" -'-\ ; <.'•..•"'- *:* . yv?
In our own, as ln all armies, the infantry
forms the principal arm, while the cavalry
and artillery are auxiliary or special. Our
small regular army Is often referred to as the
"nucleus," around which will gather the
armed masses of volunteers in case of war. No
matter how small our army may be It should
be a standing model and one which maybe
safely followed. In' all matters of organiza
tion, training and discipline it should be as
nearly perfect as the means provided will
admit. •
The three-battalion organization is In the
line of the tactical development of recent
wars, especially the Franco- German. Its
adoption has been urged upon Congress for
years by our highest military authorities as
well as the leading experts in infantry tac
tics. -*%"*
Of the three line branches the artillery has
always been in the minority. Nearly not
quite all of the regulai batteries were mounted
and served as llgnt artillery during the Civil
War, where their record wes a brilliant one.
On a peace basis these batteries were nearly all
dismounted and relegated to the regular gar
rison duty, and for twenty years and more
they have formed, practically speaking, a part
oi our infantry force, going to the guns for an
occasional drill or target practice, but in
other respects being distinguished from the
infantry only by the color of the trimmings
on their uniforms.
With an antiquated system of torts and
guns but little could be expected in the way
of real artillery service, but now that Con
gress has made liberal appropriations for
coast defense and with new forts and guns
steadily increasing in numbers the necessity
for an increase in the artillery branch becomes
imperative. The committee estimates that
when the proposed scheme of coast defense is
completed 29,314 men will bo required to pro
vide one relief for ail the guns and mortars.
To work the guns in time of war three reliefs
will be required, or counting the men neces
sary for trie auxiliary services, such as range
finding and torpedoes, at least 100,000 men
will be required.
Naturally the bulk of these men must come
from the volunteers, and probably one-tenth
of this number would be required in time of
peace to keep the guns in order and perfect
the organization of sea-coast defense. With
at present over one hundred separate fortifi
cations projected and partially completed we
have only filty batteries or companies of artil
lery, or less than half a company (about thirty
men) to each fortification. This number will
evidently not suffice even as care-takers, to
say nothing of the further defenses planned.
However, providing forts and guns is only
the first step in the intricate problem of coast
defense, the most Important step, doubtless,
but to properly organize the details of an
effective artillery service will require the un
remitting labors of officers and men for many
years to come. Obviously If the time of officers
and men Is all taken up with caring for the
material, the other details will suffer accord
ingly. Of all the arms, artillery, both field
and sea coast, Is the most expensive to provide
and to maintain in a state ol efficiency, and it
would be most unwise If the Government, after
expending millions on guns and forts, should
fall to provide an adequate personnel.
AN OPEN LETTER.
Let m. tell you, through the medium of the press,
my wife,
What I'd dare not say, if facing you, alone—
That to put aside all prejudice, 1 guess, my wife,
There are other babies pretty as our own.
Now, there's not the slightest nse ln getting riled,
my wire,
(Remember, I'm at present far from thee),
When I say that though I dearly love our child,
my wife,
Yet I know some others are as smart as he.
And I cannot longer hold from yon the truth, my
wife,
Though I know 'twill likely set you In a rage.
There may have been some kids besides our youth,
my wife,
Who weighed just as much as be did,' at his age.
As you say, his eyes are bright as any star, my
wife,
And, of conrse, he no doubt has a charming phiz.
But I'd not wonder if some other babies there are,
. toy wife,
With eyes and faces just as sice as his.
And now that I hare had a chance to tell, my wife
To yoo, the things I long nave wished to say,
Please 'phone me— search your Inmost bosom well,
my wife—
If you think I'm safe'ln coming home to-day.
C J. Coltox in New Orleans Times-Democrat.
IN FRATERNAL LINES.
Pan Francisco Lodge of the Elk. to
Have a New I. to room — A Drama
tic Entertainment.
San Franclsc 1 Lodge No. 3of the Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks ls having fitted up for
its use, in the remodeled building at the cor
ner of Sutter street and Grant avenue, a
large and commodious lodgeroom. It will be
finished with rare gooa taste, and when not In
use by the Elks will be occupied by other or
ganizations. The present officers of the lodge
are: J. R. Howell, exalted ruler; Percy V.
Long, esteemed leadlngknight; Thomas Dunn,
esteemed loyal knight; J. 11. Tarn, esquire;
Harrison Houseworth, secretary; Hume S.
Hagan, treasurer; J. P. Dunne and D. Mc-
Millan, trustees. In order to raise funds with
which to furnish the new lodgeroom the
lodge will, on the evening of the Ist of March,
hold "Elks' night" at tbe Columbia Theater,
ou which occasion the well-known Fanny
Rice and her excellent company will furnish
the leading attraction, which will be "The
French Ball." The committee having charge
of the affair will present lv addition a number
of pleasing surprises, and a fine souvenir pro
gramme will be issued. The Elks have always
been noted for the excellence of the entertain
ments they arrange, and this one will, they
say, be no exception to the rule.
The Natlonnl Union.
Assessment No. 198 has been levied and
will he delinquent on the lOih of Marcb.
Union Council has electea T. A. Farllss. J.
F. Lowell and C. F. Howland as delegates to
the cabinet
At its meeting on Saturday, the 13th inst.
helo for the first time In its new quarters ln
the Alcazar, San Francisco Cabinet received a
report from E. Dreyfus, the retiring secretary,
which shows an encouraging balance that
was turned over to W. W. Healy, the new
treasurer. .
The cabinet appointed a committee to pre
pare a folder on which shall appear the names
of tne membership of all the councils in San
Francisco. ■
Next Saturday the cabinet will pay an offi
cial visit to San Francisco Council to witness
the Installation of the new officers of that
council. .
California Council, at its meeting on last
i Wednesday, initiated six candidates and re
ceived eight applications. Alter the business
there was an entertainment under the direc
tion of Speaker Van Orden. There was given
select reading by C. J. King, character sketch
by H. A. Graves, story-telling by Dr. Pratt,
piano solo by R. Foster, vocal solo by E. Boy
sen and selections by the council choir.
The following named were Installed as offi
cers of Peralta Council by Deputy J. M. Bunt
ing last Thursday : President, Professor 9. P.
Meads; ex-president, S. Anderson; vice
president, L. A.Mitchell; speaker, G. A. Solo
mon; treasurer, G. B. M. Gray: recording sec
retary, Frank T. Miller; financial secretary, H.
O. Walker; "chaplain, R. Kitchner; usher, C.
G. Dodge; sergeant, S. W. Condon; door
keeper, J. H. Middleton; trustees— Dr. J. H.
Mayon, H. Gray and E. F. Burrell.
The ceremony was witnessed by reptesenta
tives from Golden Gate, Pacific and California
councils. San Francisco Cabinet was repre
sented by J. E. Field, the president. During
the evening there were two initiations, the
manner of the work being complimented by
the president of the cabinet.
A Forester Honored.
Johannes F. Eckhardt, a very active Forester
and high court deputy for Honolulu, repre
senting the High Court of the World of the
Ancient Order of Foresters, who was in this
City a few months since, has recently been
commissioned as deputy supreme chancellor
of the Knights oi Pythias for the Hawaiian
Islands, being the successor of H. Laws. Mr.
Eckhardt. who is superintendent of the
Queen's Hospital, is quite prominent in
iraternal matters. He is a member of Court
Cameos, A. O. F., and high chief ranger lor
Hawaii, member of Hawaiian Council, Ameri
can Legion of Honor, has been its secretary,
and was deputy supreme commander for four
years, member of Mystic Lodge of the K. of
P., and secretary of the German Benevolent
Society. His selection as deputy supreme
chancellor of the Knights of Pythias ls an nonor
to both himself and the order.
Order of J't>ndo.
A new council was organized at Kansas City,
Kans., on the Bth inst. It will be known as
No. 58.
Golden Star Council initiated ten candidates
on the 2d mat., and Silver Star Council three
on the same evening.
Three candidates were initiated by Mont
gomery Council last week.
Golden Gate Council appointed a committee
at its meeting last Monday to arrange for an
entertainment to be given shortly.
Supreme Chaplain G. W. Jackson will leave
for his home in Helena, Mont., Monday even
ing. He expresses himself well pleased with
his visit to California, and is full of en
thusiasm for the order.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
-'George describes the girl he is engaged to
as a perfect vision."
"Yes. And his sister says she is a light"—
Indianapolis Journal.
He— lsn't she a mighty nretty girl T
She— No-o. She only looks like it— Up-to-
Date.
Milkman— Dear, dear I My artesian well has
burst, and the water is all running to waste.
Neighbor (sympathizingly)— Oh, well, don't
cry over spilt milk.— New York Press.
Consuela— man I marry must be a
genius.
Howard— How fortunate we have met.—
Twinkles. y v 7
"Did he marry for money?"
She shook her head doubtfully.
• "Really, 1 can't say," she replied. "rye seen
them both, and—"
i "Well?"
j "Well, it's a toss-up as to which married for
SEW TO-DAT.
TO THE POINT.
THIS WEEK
mmmmmmmmmmsmsmsssksfSsSmmm ■■■l 111111 l '"'■''
lIIIMHIIHHIII'IIIIIHI' IIIIHIIIIIHIWrWIIIiyillHWHI!
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO
_s_w*Sr §sX)obbq| HBBSBB I BEaSa3SsE^2s2cv -BBBSiBB BZ S3 Btf * "..'i
■v (.-.;■ ■
THAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW
DINNER SET.
f£o piece Pure White English Ware. O-50
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best *5 "< d
f\f% piece Light Blue Spray Decoration. A* 75
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ " a
f\fl piece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K'so
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best *-* pe . r v
100 $ ieee Pure White English Ware. K.OO
I \J\J Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best ** **£
100 piece Light Blue Spray Decoration. *7, 50
■ vrVr* Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best • ? rt
100 ieee Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
■"^ Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect /ft ; 50
gem. Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted best :
»- ■
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
This Week's Prices Enable Everybody
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY .-. SAVING STORES.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
140 Sixth Street. 146 Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. 218 Third Street.
2510 Mission Street. 2008 Fillmore Street.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street.
1419 Polk Street. ;,/"^-'\ 3006 Sixteenth Street.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053 Washington Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
131 San Pablo Avenue. 917 Broadway.
1355 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS-SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET*
money. When you see him you think she aid,
and when you see her you think he did."—
Chicago I'ost. "j
"Do you know, Miss Barker, I'm mighty
thankful."
"And what, Mr. Jones, are you thankful
for?"
"That all my meals are not eaten in your
company." > < r
"Dear me! Not very complimentary are
you?"
"Indeed, I am. I should starve to death just
looking at you."— Harper's Bazar. .
«t Stranger (to man in front)— Won't you please
atic your wile to take her hat off? I can't see
the stage at all.
Man In Front— her yourself— l don't
dare.— Brooklyn Life.
E. H. Black, painter. 120 Eddy street
Icecream and cakes. Quillet's, 905 Larkin. •
Elegant fire-etched boxes given away with
1 lb. California Glace Fruits, 50c. Townsend's*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.'
Cemuschi's house, on the Avenue Velasquea,
in Paris, which the bimetallist banker be
queathed, with its contents, to the city of
Paris as a museum, has been thrown open to
the public. _______^__^__^__
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness tha
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on it» lines in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1, 2 and 3,
valid for return until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. I*. B. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
shortest aud most direct line to Washington tbe
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic Interest than any ln all
America. Passengers also have the option of trav
e ing via Akron, anil Pittsburg or via Belial re and
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestibuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining*
car service Is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application by
L. S. Allen, assistant general passenger agent, B.
and O. B. mm, Grand Central station, Chicago.
"The Overland Limited "— Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at l Montgomery st. D. W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, Ban Francisco.
These can be no doubt that a timely us. of
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral would prevent many
serious throat and lung troubles.
Ir^ffllcted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents.
Burnett's Corn Cure. 827 Montgomery. 25c.
There are said to be ten Scottish dukes, five
marquises, twenty earls and five barons who
have a direct financial Interest in the contin
uation of the drink traffic. In England and
Wales the names of no lower than 172 mem
bers of the upper house appear as owners of
one or more licensed places.ANTHONY HOPE'S NEW NOVEL.
PHROSO, A Romance-By Anthony Hops. New
).?«ri,„ I;rec -! rlc * c A. Stokes Company. For sale
Sl 75 ,mam Doxey, Pa' ace Hotel, City. Price,
_ii ta.
. Of all the romances published serially dur-
Ing the year 1896— and there were many of a
remarkable character— "Phroso," by Anthony
Hope, was conceded by eminent critics to
have been the most popular. Readers of Me
niere's Magaztne were the fortunate people to
whom was accorded the privilege of perusing
this fascinating story by a prince among
Story-tellers. It* issue ln book fi rm has been
anxiously awaited, and it comes to us at last
from the press of the Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany.
There is an expression current among Amer
ican critics of the eulogistic and "praise
everything" school to tbe effect that, "When
you have once started to read this bock you
will not lay it down until you have finished
it." This sentence bas been so often misap
plied as to have an ill savor to the mind of
the person who looks for guidance in matters
. literary to his favorite newspaper. A careful
' perusal of "Phroso," from cover to cover, by
I the truth-seeking writer of book notes, shows
"that the sentence quoted is literally true of
Anthony Hope's latest work. That it has !
faults will be admitted, but such small errors
es have crept in detract nothing from the In- j
trinsic merit of the story. When you sit in
the smoking-room of your club and listen to a '
yarn spun by a fellow-member and a cln- |
pental spirit, you are disinclined to pick holes '
in his narrative. An occasional "whopper" |
disconcerts you not, and what, nfter duo de- j
liberation, may seem an Impossible situation, j
passes readily with tbe balance of the story,
provided only that it be interesting, both in
the manner and the matter.
For, be it confessed, "Phroso"' in several im- j
portant aspects reminds us ol the two-shilling I
shot-leer current a deer.de ago, and in this class '
it possesses a striking resemblance to that
famous romance by Archibald Havering Gun
ter entitled "Mr. Barnes of New York." There !
are the same kind of hairbreadth escapes;
the same grade of Englishmen and fair hero- '■
ines;' the same weird death chant composed;
by local patriotic poets of a bygone genera- ]
tion. Hal the scene of "'Phroso" been laid in
. Corsica instead of Neopalia and the book been
published anonymously we venture to say
that eight of ten readers would have credited
. i*. tothe author Of "Mr. Barnes."
Briefly outlined the story is as follows: Lord
Wheatiey buy.- the island of Neopalia from its
.owner, Stefanopoulos. The sale is confirmed
•bv'the Turkish Government, under whose prc
teC-iorate the island is held. Wheatiey takes '
' ji issesslon in company with a dative, Denny,
• his drsgoman, Hoe yard t. and "man," Wat
kins. Upon reaching the island they are met
by a deputation of inhabitants, who imprison
them, to await the pleasure of Cons tan tine
Btefanopoulos and my Lady Euphrosyne.
- Though betrothed to Phroso (an abbrevia
tion of the Greek name), Cons tan tine has a
wife lit ing on tbe island. Wheatiey had met
ti.e twain in Loudon, and when, after refusing '
to surrender his right to the island, the j
Etig.ishman is blockaded in the ancient castle I
of "the srefanoponlf, he discovers manuscripts '
telling of dark deeds done by former members ,
Ot the Greek dynasty in a subterranean pas
sage. This he explores, and In his search !
finds Phroso, whom he keeps as hostage. The ,
Greek girl d;sc oses the full secret of the un
derground patsage, notwithstanding that it *
was certain death for her to do so.
Denny, Hogvardt ahd Watkins make good |
their escape to a far corner ci the island by i
means of a rope lowered in the concealed place ;
of exit. Wheatiey and Phroso are about to do I
the same when the rope is cut by a concealed j
enemy. Whfct'.ey gives himself up to Con- j
at: tine, and but for the faci that it was the
feast of St. Tryphon, would have been exe
cuted then and there. As a last card against
the hereditary ruler of the island, the English
man announces the presence at Neopalfa of
the wife of Constantine, whom he had judi
ciously kept concealed. Euphrosyne calls
upon her people to render her assistance and
her erstwhile betrothed Is made prisoner, but
not before the Greek girl has before all de
clared her love lor Wheatiey.
The three companions who had made good
. their escape, after several harrowing experi
ences, capture a boat and row out Into the
' harb >r, where they providentially encounter j
* a gunboat belonging to the Turkish fleet, with
the Governor of Neopalia on board. To him
." they tell their tale, and ihe Government yes- |
sol makes for tbe island, where it arrives just !
in time to find Wheatiey set free and the Is!- !
i ana transferred to Euphrosyne.
Here, one would think, Is material enough |
ior a first-class novel. The reader of this out
: line will remark, "And so Phroso married :
Wheatiey and they lived happily ever after." |
Well, they did; but not at this stage of the
• proceedings. Following the fashion set by
Dumas the Elder, Mr. Hope likes to tantalize
bis reader. Having brought his reader thus
lar, our author makes Mourakl Pasha, Governor
. of Neopalia, fall in love with Euphrosyne.
Mourakl, by his picture, is CO, fat and schem
ing. He is a widower and thinks of making
Phroso Mrs. Mourakl 11. With this object he
contrives to release Constantine, hoping that
that worthy Greek will take measures to pre
vent Wheatiey leaving the island alive. As
dv Immediate result of his release, his wife ls
found dead. Wheatiey charges Monrakl with
1 being accessory to the crime and is kept pris
oner In the house with the secret passage.
a Through this comes Constantine, prepared
to murder the Englishman, whose Greek body
guard wrestles with the assassin, throws him
down the cliff in the tunnel, and loses his own
life in so doing. Phroso and her protector
make their way to the end of the cave, only to
'stumble upon their Turkish enemy, the Gov
ernor, who, after bandying words with his
prisoner, is himself killed ny one Demetri.who
had sworn to avenge the death of his brother,
executed Dy order of the Governor.
Still their adventures are not over, and be
tween the last-mentioned Incident and their
final arrival In London there is incident suffi
cient to stock an independent romance, as
romances go nowadays.
* Mr. Hope's method of telling a story is an
admirable one. He manages to end each
chapter with a thrilling climax, leaving the
reader to wonder what is coming next: -When
It comes, it turns out to be something quite
, unexpected. There may exist carping critics
to deride this style of composition as sugges
tive of the dime novel, but it cannot be
doubted that Hope's manner adds much to
the attractiveness of the romance. His style
is fluent and full of action and keeps the
reader both absorbed and ou the gui live.
Occasionally, however, we come across a
clip or two, either in composition or in setting.
For instance, the author of "Phroso" is describ
ing the predicament of Wheatiey when ac
cused by Constantine. The Englishman ls
threatened with death. A thousand sturdy
Neopalians are ready at the bidding of their
.ruler to inoculate him with the germs of
Neopallan fever, which is a polite euphemism
I for murdering him. The danger is imminent,
I and Lord Wheatiey thus describes his condi-
I tion: "I believe I turned a little pale" (!)
In form "Phroso" is autobiographical, that
is, Lord Wheatiey himself is telling the story.
To most of his chapters Mr. Hope prefixes
■what the immortal Sam Welter would call
•'moral obserwatlons." Without any desire to
be hypercritical, the suggestion is made tnat
the omission of some of these copybook axioms
. would have been an improvement, as would
also a little more attention paid to tne prob
ability of situations. This Is the worst that
could be said of Mr. Hope's last work by the
j most exacting of critics. Since the "Prisoner
of Zenda." we have read nothing from his pen
I that we liked as much as "Phroso," and had
j its author written nothing but these two
capital romances he would be entitled to tak«
rank with Kipling as a story-teller. As for his
last book, we predict for it a remarkable
! measure of popularity as the work of an ac-
I complished raconteur and a master in the art
I of writing exciting fiction.
Emanuel Elzas.
IN THE DAYS 01 NERO.
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS— By Wilson Bar
rett. J. B. LippiDcott Company, Philadelphia*
For sale by William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City
In the usual order of things when there is a
[ play and a book on tbe same story the book
'< precedes the play, but in the case of this book
i tho process of evolution was reversed. "The
I Sign of the Cross" made its first success as a
! drama and was subsequently, so to speak,
i "novelized," It is a story of the first century,
| showing in sharp contrast the purity of the
i new-born Christianity and the base debauch
ery and cruelty of old Rome. Nero and the
Empress Poppsea aro described, and Acte, the
| beautiful favorite of the Emperor. The hero
; me, Mercla, is a Christian and is beloved and
i sought in marriage by a God-fearing Christian
youth who has loved her from her childhood.
| Mercla refuses her Christian lover andean
i Bive him only friendship.
She is pictured as being unable to under
] stand such a feeling as passionate love at ail.
■ A little later in her life Marcus, a noble and
•' pagan of Rome, awakes her slumbering pas
; sion, and their mutual love Is the main fea
| ture of the story. At the last Marcus becomes
* a Christian and he and Marcla are martyred
■ together for their faith.
The story is a pretty one and fairly well
written, but It Is open tothe criticism of be
ing one of those lesser novels which follow In
the wake of a great one— a sort of feeble
imitation to reap the fruits of a taste aroused
by the work of some great writer. The famous
novel '"Quo Vadls" la clearly the prototype
from which is modeled this "Sign of the
Cross." Canon Farrar has also written a great
story of early Christianity and the days of
Nero so like to this that it might well have
been used as a model. When a subject has
been dealt with by a master hand lesser writers
would be wise to leave it alone. It is an ap
proaca to the absurdity of writing another
drama of "Hamlet, the Dane."
A RARE GIRL THIS.
A PREVIOUS ENGAGEMENT — By W. D.
Howells. Harper Bros.. New York. Price 60
cents. Fcr bale by A. il. Robertson, Post street,
City.
This little brochure of sixty-five pages ls
i a comedy of a very high-minded young lady
; named Phlllipa and her lover, Mr. Camp.
' Phi.lipa ls about to become engaged to Camp
' when her sensitive conscience forces her to
confess to him that she has been engaged be
; fore. She performs this act as if it were a
matter of very grave importance indeed, and
seems to expect that her lover will withdraw
his proposal when ho knows of her previous.
love. After breaking the momentous news
to him she tells him that she may never see ,
him again and kisses him. Serious complica
tions then arise, because Camp has been him
self guilty of a previous engagement; but, un
like Philllpa, ho has not been conscientious,
brave and honest enough to tell her about It.
Something she says he misconstrues into a
condemnation, and his heart sinks so low in
self-contempt that he is about to go away and
leave her. He thinks her ideals are so much >
higher than his that he is no fit mate for her.
The warm and loving way in which she pre
vents that impulse from being carried Into
action is exquisite. The happy ending is said
to be a reconciliation, but not a solution.
VOLUME FOR students.
THEORY OF PnYSICS-By Joseph S. Ames,
Ph.D. Harper & Brothers, -New Yor*. lr cc
Sl CO. For sale oy A. M, Robertson, Post street,
City.
The author of this work is the associate pro
fessor of physics and sub-director of the physi
cal laboratory in the Johns Hopkins Univer
sity. Especial prominence is given in the
work to mechanics, because on a thorough
knowledge of this all theories of physics rest.
The fundamental properties of matter—in
ertia, gravitation, elasticity are discussed.
Special sections are given to energy and to
wave motion. Electricity and magnetism are
discussed from the modern standpoint. In
light the wave theory is the basis of the inves
tigations, and "rays" are not considered. The
professor says that he has constantly tried to
show the connections between different phe
nonona, and to reduce the general laws of
nature to as small a number as possible.
STORIES OF BATTLE.
THE LAST RECRUIT oF CLARE'S— By a B.
Kelghtley. Harper & Bros., New York. Price
•Sl 50. lor sale by A. M. Robertson, Post street,
City.
The title of the first in this collection of five
short stories is given to the book. Each story
is complete in Itself, but they all purport to
j be the memoirs of an old soldier of fortune.
Colonel Anthony Dillon, who has the blood of
Irish kings in his veins. It is a story of com
j panionship with brave, rough, dare-devil men,
in whose eyes was a gleam that shone "like
I the glint of sunlight on a sword blade." The
I fascination of the book is the prominence with j
i which courage is put before us. We are made
| to see brave men leaping up the glacis to as
sault fiercely defended positions, black-lipped
cannon behind which is the gleam of threaten
ing steel, and to hear the roar of guns and
victorious cheers. In the first story we are told
an incident of the capture of Rayonville, when
the soldiers were mad with excitement and
the sight of blood and slaughtered the women
and children. Tbe roughest soldier in the
regiment picks up a lovely child from the
dead breast of Its bayoneted mother and de
fends it from his savage comrades. The child
becomes his pet and he dies with itin his
arms. 'y : : - : ;
GAY COLLEGIAN AND SIX GIRLS.
SIX CUPS OF CITOCOLATE-TraDslated by
Edith V. B. Matthews. Harper Bros New
•York, tor sale by A. M. Robertson, Post street,
City. Price 25 cents. 8 " re * "
The scene of this little comedy in one act Is
a New England college town. The characters
are six young ladies, a New Englander. a Bos
tonlan, a Southerner, a German and a French
girl. They have nothing to do but to drink
chocolate and chat. They each receive a love
letter from some college youth and each falls
ln love with the sender and in confidence
describes to the others the romantic good
looks of her lover. j Great is their Indignation
when they discover that one man has written
all the six letters. They put their heads to
gether and plan revenge. The broken English
of the French girl is very amusing.
WORTHY WOMAN, WORTHLESS MAN.
BOUND IN BHALLOWS-By Eva Wilder Brod-
Jieail. Harper ■& Brothers, New York. Price
91 V*s. For sale by A. M. Kebertsou, Post street.
City. ■■vreei.
One of the leading characters In this book is
Dillon, a young man with a disgraceful past.
Through the Influence of his uncle he secures
a good position and has a chance to redeem
himself. He falls in love with Lucy Morrow
and she with him. - He is found out in another
swindle and Lucy gives him up. Later she
makes up her mind to marry him in spite of
everything and is only saved from this rash
•resolve by proof of his having married another
woman. The story emphasizes the truth that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
A FRESH BOUQUET OF VERSE BY RHYMESTERS OF THE DAY
Ur\cle SetK on the Modem NoVel.
Them* novelists who write to-day, w'y they
hain't got the trade,
There ain't a one tbat knows jest how a story
should be made;
Not one who understands the thing— not one
who docs the job,
An' not a one who slings himself like ol'Syl
vanus Cobb.
Ah! ol* Svlvanus Cobb, my boy, w'en he was
on the deck, '■"■ '
We had a story-teller then of giant intellect.
The hero of a story now he don't git in no row;
No Injuns, an' no plruts, an' no villains, any
how.
■ The hero of to-day is tame; hain't got no whiz
an' whirl;
Sets still an' lets some other chap go in an'
. -<. court his girl!
The novelists who write to-day have all mis
took their job;
Not one has got the glor'us gift of ol' Sylvanus
Cobb.
Sylvanus took his hero wbere afhero ought
to go,
In scrapes an' awful dangers where he seemed
to have no show;
He drowned him, shot him, scalped him, but
every reader knew
Sylvanus knew his business well and be would
pull him through. <>•;
He bruised him, banged him, buried him, an'
did a han'some job.
But still we knew the chap was safe with ol'
Sylvanus Cobb.
He'd git the chap in dungeons deep, with sol
diers all about.
To fill his body full of shot if he should once
git out;
Sylvanus was too shrewd for that, an' alius
had in stock
A subterranean passngeway through which
the chap could walk.
An' though he slashed an' slaughtered him,
he understood his job;
We knowed that we could trust the mitn with
ol' Sylvanus Cobb.
We'd see the hero's funeral, we'd hear the par
son pray, V v ~*"
We'd see his coffin in the tomb, all neatly
packed away, -*'. ■" :<
But that didn' worry us a bit. Above the yawn
in' grave
We knowed Sylvanus still was there, an' he
had power to save.
We'd leave him in the grave content, an" we
didn't care a pin,
We knowed Sylvanus knowed the trick to git
him out ag'ln.
While Sylvanus led his hero we were not a bit
afraid, y* •
*n order to lift up those who have fallen we :
are not bound to sacrifice ourselves. Lucy is a
beautiful character. She sees how deep down
in the hearts of the worst of men there are
germs of good and she thinks nothing is so
surprisingly pleasant as to watch these kindly
impulses creeping out in bad lives. In trying
to reform Dillon she impressed him wltn how
implicitly she believed in the radical goodness
of every human heart and the Invincible
power of every human will. "How amused
she looked that he should question those
things. How clear her gaze was, how blessedly
fallacious her young wisdom."
FOR THE LADIES.
BEAUTY AND HYGIENE — Harper ft Bros.,
New York, rricf 75 cents. For sale by A. M.
Robertson, Post street, City.
This a treatise on the subject of the cultiva
tion and the preservation of physical beauty.
It has seventeen chapters, each one telling
how to take care of some particular feature or
to deal with some defect. It is not an adver
tising scheme for nostrums, but the beauty to
be gained or taken care of is to have that. sort
of rational attention that the florist gives to
his flowers to bring - them to fullness of bloom
and perfection. It is pointed out how to avoid
excessive thinness as well as corpulence,- and
how to attain grace of carriage and a sweet
well-modulated voice. There are also recipes
for pure cosmetics and for the cure of minor
maladies. . ; jjffitjHfflSPßa
AN INDIAN MAID THE HEROINE.
WHEN HEARTS ARE KITE— By Fannie E.
Osiranuer. i.nlrd ft Lee, Chicago. Uoth, DO
cents: paper, '25 cents.
This is a story full of mystery and heart
trying suspenses, but in the end all the clouds
are banished. and happiness is attained by,
hero and heroine. Ihe heroine, Althea, alter
much other sadness, is put to a severe test
through her love ior a man she believes free to
ANTHONY HOPE.
inougn ne marcneu ag n an army an ne
faced a cannonade;
Though a mine should cave ln on him, though
a whirlpool sucked him in, yT-
We all trusted to Sylvanus to produce him
sound ag'ln.
An' Sylvanus alius done it. Ob, he understood
the job;
We knowed that wo could trust the man with
ol' Sylvanus Cobb.
Give me them good ol' days of guns, of snakes,
an' gaping jaws,
Of wolves an' ra-eln' catamounts, with blood
upon their paws; *"
W'en six-foot heroes courted girls that they
had snatched away
From out a bloody bandit's clasp, and
tramped him into clay.
I wish we had some writers now who under
stood the job,
Some writers who could sling themselves like
ol' Sylvanus Cobb I
Sam Walter Fees.
■a*
The Drummer Boy at Marengo.
Marengo's plain ran red with blood
Of Victor's veterans slain ;
Against that fierce and fiery flood
Lanucs' legions strove in vain.
Napoleon, with that old 1 gray cloak
Drawn round his meager form,
Dashed mad through the blinding smoke,
The genius of the storm.
A drummer-boy had tramped all day
To keep his place among
The flying columns of Desalz,
On whom the battle hung.
The chieftain marked the weary lad
With torn and bleeding feet.
And at the sight his heart grew sad.
"Up, boy; sound the retreat!"
"Nny, sire." a flush defiant burned
Upon that boyish brow,
"That beat I never yet have learned,
Desalx ne'er taught us how.
" "But, sire," his ardent eye grew large
With courage half divine,
"They say that when 1 beat the charge
The dead fall into line.
** I boat on old Tabor's slopes
Till the atabals grew dumb;
At the Pyramids the Frenchmen's hopes
Rose with my rattling drum I
" I've beaten it when lips that bled
Gasped out a parting cheer;
Ah, I can almost wake the dead ;
Sire, may I beat it here?"
Napoleon's piercing glance was bent
Full on the dauntless boy,*
marry her, but who she finds out has a wife
he does not love. This man, Lawrence Arling
ton, also supposed himself free at the time he
makes love to Althea. Both puzzle over tho
problem of the binding sacredness of marriage
when there is no love In the union, but decide
on a renunciation of each other. -At the end
of the story the unloved wife dies, and Law
rence, rejoicing in his freedom, makes Althea
his bride.
DUTIFUL RENUNCIATION.
AN "AMERICAN IDYL- By the Countess dl
Brazza. The Arena Publishing Company.
Boston. 7v
This authoress was a New Orleans girl, Miss
Cora Sllcomb before her marriage to the Count
di Brazza, the head of one of the oldest fami
lies in Italy. She is an authority bn laces, and
wrote some years ago a book called "A Guide
to the Old and New Lace in Italy." At the
World's Fair in Chicago she was in charge of
the beautiful exhibit of Italian laces that was
sent here under the patronage of Queen Mar
gberltn of Italy. She bas started a campaign
for the abolition of all duties on foreign hand-'
made laces imported into the United States.
"An American Idyl" is her first purely liter
ary work, it relates to a young scientist who
goes out among the. Indians of Northern
Mexico to study them and the fauna and flora
of tneir habitat. The heroine of the story, an
Indian girl, Ampharfta, who assists him in his
zoological and botanical - studies, becomes
very much attached to him. When he leaves
her she wanders away Into the wilderness
broken-hearted, and a searching party finds
her dead. The chief said: "A white snake she
fondled stung her heart." The Indian maid is
pictured as very sweet and poetical, and the
young scientist did her no intentional wrong.
She simply misunderstood, his affectionate in
terest in her. •' *
Bergen's Botany for secondary schools, which
i has been so widely adopted as a textbook on
And flashed there through his wonderment
A gleam of pride and joy.
" Go. beat it, then! Advance, advance l"
The clarion call rang out,
And the gallant grenadiers of France
Took up the battle shout.
" Beat on, brave boy!" and long and loud
The warlike music dinned
Till fled the Austrians like a cloud
Before the wrathful wind.
The battling hosts that met that day
Figments of fancy seem;
Napoleon, Victor, Lannes, Desaix,
Mere phantoms of a dream.
But still in Piedmont and Savoy,
When booms the sunset gun,
'Tis told that by a drummer-boy
Marengo's field was won !
Montgomery m, Folsom.
New York Sun.
Ashes to /\sKes.
The smoker is soothed by the weed
And minds not the ash or its fall.
But others are there for his heed —
The ashes which lie like a pall.
The ashes of roses are there ;
The ashes ot hopes and of dreams;
The ashes of castles in air;
The ashes of beautiful themes.
Knee-deep in the ashes he stands;
Soul-deep in the dust and the gray;
His heart is an urn. and his hands
Are brushing the ashes away.
The world kens it not as It goes;
Mankind does not dream of the truth;
Yet ashes are his and he knows—
Tney deaden the flame of his youth.
; : -:C" FRANKLYN* W. LM.
A Lertterv Episode.
How could I help it? They wondered,
(The tenor, soprano and bass)
Why I so helplessly blundered
And sang full a page out of place.
But had they seen him as I did,
Or noted his glances at Sue-
Sue, whom he ott had derided—
They, too, would have sung it askew.
How could I help it ? He teased me;
And I, though I thought him a dear,
Yielded to anger that seized me
And sent him away with a sneer.
'Twas but a girl's petty notion,
So now there's a lump In my throat,
Crowding out Lenten devotion
And spoiling each once perfect note.
Franklyn W. Lra.
botany in the Eastern States, has been adapted
to the States of the Pacific Coast by a flora rep
resenting her commonest and most widely dis
tributed plants under all the Important orders.
This has been prepared by Miss Alice East
wood, curator of the herbarium of the Califor
nia Academy of Sciences. In it sh. has fol
lowed, as far as possible, the same plan which
Professor Bergen has used In his systematic
flora, the object being to give pupils drill in
determining the relationships of plants rather
than to enable them to find out the names of
any plants that they may chance to pick up.
The arrangement of the orders is that of Eng°
ler and Prantl, the most natural so far de
vised, and the nomenclature is in the main
that of the Botany of California, Geological
Survey. Glnn & Co. of Boston will be the pub
lishers. ,
President Harrison has written of "A Day
With the President at His Desk" for th. March
Ladies' Home Journal. The article is said to
be singularly Interesting in the details wilh
which lt describes the wearisome routine of
the President. It Is said that General Harri
son in this article has delivered himself with
great directness and vigor relative to th. an
noyances that are visited upon a Chief Execu
tive by persistent office-seekers, and he sug
gests a unique plan by which the Presi
dent's, burdens In that direction could
be greatly lightened and tie be enabled
to devote more attention to more Important
I matters. A feature of the article that will
have a timely interest to those ambitious to
serve the country under the incoming ad
ministration describes very fully how the
President makes appointments to office. "A
Day With ths President at His Desk" is unique
in being the first time that the daily life of
the President has been described by one who
has filled the exalted office. Articles upon
the social and domestic life of the President
by General Harrison will follow in successive
Issues of tbe JournaL
SCINTILLATIONS OF GENIUS.
WITHOUT PREJUDICE— By T. Zangwlll. The
Century Company, New York. Price $1 60.
For sale by William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
To say that these selections f rem the writ
ings of this brilliant Jew fairly flash with
cleverness ls not to use exaggerating language.
They are slightly revised irom the work done
during the last four or five years by the author
for the Pall Mall Magazine. All his critical
writings have been excluded, with the idea
that these may be collected in another vol
ume.
The list of subjects upon which lie has some
thing sparkling to say in this volume might
almost be said to be multitudinous. Besides
twenty-seven papers of considerable length
covering interesting themes all tie way from
that subject of initial and immense impor
tance, "The Choice of Parents," on to "Love
in Life and Literature" and "Death and Mar
riage," ln all of which the versatile genius has
something wise and witty to say— are
fourteen "Philosophic Excursions" and forty
two "Bundles of Brevities." .
The mystically sacred number seven and i's
combinations is apparent in each list, and
makes one wonder if it was accident or uncon
scious inherited preference, or intentional use
of a number that has some properties of occult
potency. That Zangwill has used a spell of
some kind the reader will soon discover, but
he Is a trifle too flippant for us to suppose that
the charm is oue to the employment of some
sacred, number. Some of his remarks will
probably road like blasphemous lightness to
orthodoxy, while to another school of thought
they will seem words of wisdom brought in so
opportunely as to get brilliance from their
setting. For instance, after telling in his
peculiar bright, terse way how men great in
any art must ba takers of infinite pains and
are even then not Infallible— tbat genius can
no more safeguard a man against his own
ignorance than it can find a rhyme for "sii
ver," he says: "The fact, of course, is that in
spiration is no guarantee ot perfection. The
limitations of inspiration vary with the limita
tions of the writer— a proposition that may be
commended to the theologians."
Scarcely less flippant :o those who are con
servative in their beliefs will seem this
piece of astounding: heresy, "The danger of
drowning arises mainly from being able to
swim." The book is full of such staggering
surprises, and he often maintains his position
with skillful logic and sound reasoning, and
always with such diamond brightness that
even when we differ with him he delights us.
There are few writers on whose pages are
crowded so many quotable phrases. Even
when he gives us old commonplace truths
they seem so freshly polished by their pass
age through his brain and attractive in the
way he puts them that the iteration does uot
tire.
There will, perhaps, be many people who
will think that Zangwill should not have
risked his fame by republishing these selec
tions from the Pall Mall Magazine, but have
let that rest upon the much-admired book,
"The Master." What he has to say in this
recent volume on the subject of "Choice of
Parents" Is to be very earnestly commended
to all such spirits as are seriously contemplat
ing becoming incarnate.
LITERARY NOTES.
v-7* ■/•' m
A new monthly has made its appearance in
this City which will be devoted to tne interest
of the Japanese clement The magazine is
named the Japanese-American Voice, and is
well printed and illustrated. Its editor is K.
Sano, 305 Larkin street.
"The Art of Travel," as discussed by Lewis
Morris ladings in the March Scribner's, is
made a matter for intelligent precaution and
rational preparation. There must be annoy
ances in the best kind of travel, but Mr. Id
dings' article shows how many of them may
bo avoided.
Mr. Gladstone has almost completed the task
of rearranging his correspondence for bio
graphical purposes. A vast number of letters
has been weeded out, but there still remain
about 60,000 missives, all of which are care
fully tied up in bundles and docketed for the
use of their recipient's future biographer.
The current issue of tha New York Phono
graphic World contains a portrait and char
acter sketch of Lucius E. Greene of San Fran
cisco. Mr. Greene Is reported to be one of the
most prominent stenographers and law re
porters in the United States, bis forte being
technical reporting. A fac-simlle of his notes
is appended to the sketch.
It Is proposed to erect in Paris a monument
of Paul Verlalne. A bust by Niederhausern Is
to be placed in the Luxembourg Gardens, near
tne statue of Henri Murger. The money is to
be raised by international subscription.
Stephana Mallarme is president of the com
mittee and the Chap-Book has been appointed
to receive subscriptions in America.
"Lenten Verses" is the caption of the second
group of the pamphlet series being Issued by
Frankly W. Lee, now editor of the Rush City,
Minn., Post. The book contains the author's
rhymes, grave and gay, anent the lenten sea
son, and will be shortly followed by "A Bundle
of Bushes," which will be a collection of dia
lect verses. __■ -'
The Immense difference between a sea story
told at second hand, however ably, and
the story of the life and exploits of
a sailor who is spinning nls own yarn
ls demonstrated in - a most telling way
by the reception given to "On Many
Seas," published a few days since by the Mac
mlllan Company. The book was Bent out in its
second edition within a week of publication,
and there is every indication that a third
will be speedily called for.
To Mr. Laurence Button's knowledge of the
value of the anecdote, together with his wide
sympathy with everything associated with
literature, and his conversational style, may
be attributed the popularity of his books on
the literary landmarks of London, Jerusalem,
Edinburgh and Venice. Readers of these
books will be Interested in tun publication by
the Harpers, early in the present month, of
two new books of Mr. Hutton's on the literary
landmarks of Florence and Rome.
The second (February) number of The Month
contains an artistic curiosity in the form of a
frontispiece drawn by Rudyard Kipling, this
being the famous storyteller's first appear
ance as a draughtsman. It is a pictorial dec
lination of an invitation to a dinner at the
Aldlne Club and accompanies an article on
that cozy home of New York authors, artists
and publishers, by William W. Ellsworth, one
of its most active members.
The soldier is receiving at the present time
more attention from writers than he has had
since the days of the elder Dumas. Anthony
Hope, Conan Doyle, in fact nearly all. the
more successful of toe younger writers, have
paid him homage, and the list of their military
heroes is soon to have an addition through
"The Last Recruit of Clare's," the new book
by 8. R. Keightley, which the Harpers are
Shortly to bring out. The hero ls said to be a
gallant Irishman in the service of France, who
passes gloriously through a series of exciting
adventures. ; V:
"The Epic oi Paul." by William Cleaver
Wilkinson, will be published in the early
spring by Funk & Wagnalls Company. It will
be a companion volume to "The Epic of Saul,"
by the same author, of which Professor Frank
lin Johnson. ii.v.. at Uiu divinUv school in tha
University of Chicago writes: " I have repeat
edly spoken to my classes of 'The Epic of Saul'
as one of the finest pieces of sacred poetry In
our language." All who have enjoyed this
noble piece of sacred poetry will welcome the
new epic dealing with the life of Paul.
The North American Review for February
gives space to a most timely and interesting
paper on "South Africa and Its Future," by
John Hays Hammond, whose connection with
recent stirring events In the Transvaal is well
remembered. Mr. Hammond enter* fluently
Into a description of the country, particularly
of its vast mineral resources, and predicts for
It a general prosperity that will be further en
hanced by the establishment of customs
unions, and a confederation of the South
African States.
"Christian Citizenship" is a new manual by
Carlos Martyn soon to be published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Christian
Citizenship is a new name, representative of a
new thing. There is a widespread interest la
the movement, and in its origin and purposes.
Hence this new volume by Dr. Carlos Martyn,
the ablest exponent of the cause, whether with
the pen or on the platform, is assured before
hand of a welcome. Uralses and answers tbe
most vital questions of the day; and crowds
within 200 pages an unprecedented number
of significant facts and suggestions.
Every woman has natural curiosity to see
how other women furnish their homes. To
satisfy this the Ladles' Home Journal will
publish during the year Interior photographic
views of a hundred of the most artistic, cheer
ful and comfortable homes in America. Theso
will show in detail the construction, fitting
and furnishing of parlors, drawing-rooms,
halls, reception, music, sitting, dining, bed
and bath rooms, kitchens, porches, piazzas,
etc. This unique series will be full of excel
lent Ideas for every housekeeper or home
maker. It will present views of the interiors
of houses of moderate cost, which are fitted
and furnished with conspicuous good taste,
and at comparatively small expens-j.
The frontispiece of the February Review of
Reviews is a magnificent portrait of King
Oscar of Sweden and Norway, who has been
proposed as umpire under the general arbitra
tion treaty between the United States and
Great Britain. The principal topics treated
editorially in this number are the Anglo-
American arbitration treaty, the Cuban situa
tion, the prospects of the Nicaragua canal, the
recent elections of United States Senators in
the different States and the relation of the
great corporations to political campaign funds.
There is also the customary resume of the sig
nificant foreign events of the past month.
The editorial pages, like the other parts of the
magazine, are fully and suitably Illustrated.
Among the season's announcements w.
note that Professor Edward B. Tlchener, M.A.
(Oxon.), Ph.D. (Leipzig), Sage profes«or of
psychology in the Cornell University, has in
preparation a work entitled "A Primer of
Psychology."
This volume Is Intended as a first book in
psychology. It will, therefore, seek to accom
plish the two main ends of a scientific primer
of the subject; to outline, with as lit
tle of technical detail as is compatible
with accuracy of statement, tho methods and
most important results of modern psychology,
and to furnish tho reader with references for
further study. It will be written with direct
regard to the courses of psychological instruc
tion offered in normal schools and high
schools, but will at the same time be made
sufficiently comprehensive to give the general
student * fair idea of the present status of
psychology in its various branches.
Lord Acton, whose "Lecture on the Study of
History" attracted international attention
soon after Its delivery in Cambridge and sub
sequent publication in this country by the
Macmillan Company, has undertaken to edit
ior the Cambridge University Press a compre
hensive history of modern times under a
general title.
The Cambridge Modern History will appear
in twelve volumes of about 700 pages each,
and will cover the parlod from the end of the
Middle Ages to the present day. It is expected
that the first volume, dealing with the Renais
sance, will be published in from two to three
years hence, to be followed by two volumes in
each succeeding year. In order that each part
may be the work of a man who has already
made the period covered an object of special
study, the best historians in England and
America will be invited to contribute. A few
names from the author's list are as follows:
James Bryce, Professor Bury, Dr. Cunningham,
Principal Falrbairn, Professor Flint, Frederick
Harrison, R. H. Hutton, Professor Jebb, Mr.
Lecky, Sidney Lee, John Morley, Mr. Oman, E.
J. Payne, Sir F. Pollock, Professor Prothero,
Dr. Sidgwick and Viscount Woiseley.
The Nation has grown since Washington's
day. For instance, in 1790, the first full year
of his administration, there were seventy-five
postoffices in the United States. Now there
are more than 70,000. and the revenue of th.
Postoffice Department is 2000 times as great
as it was then. Scores of unfamiliar facts like
these, together with many curious anecdotes
of "old times," are brought out in an article
on the "Early Days of the American Post
office," which Postmaster- General Wil
son contributes to the Washington's
birthday special number of the Youth's Com
panion. Of course the usual editorial "fea
tures" are found in the same number, and
there are many attractive stories, poems and
sketches, by Louise Chandler Moulton, Sophie
Swett, Hayden Carrutb, Charles F. Lurnnils
and others. Especially appropriate to the sea
son ls a charming engraving, "When George
Washington was Young," by Frank T. Merrill;
and the colored cover, designed by the well
known Boston artist, Sears Gallagher, shows
the father of his country arrayed in Continen
tal buff and blue.
The bound volume of The Critic for July-
December, 189U, contains the record of 2815
new books published during that period, and
reviews of 1635 of the more important— among
them being Mrs. Humphry Ward's "Sir George
I Tressady," Rudyard Kipling's "Seven Seas."
I Barries "Margaret Ogilvy" and "Sentimental
! Tommy," Shorter's "Emily Bronte and Her
| Circle," the first volume of Professor Sloane's
i "Life of Napoleon" and Dr. Hirsch's 'Genius
i and Degeneration," to mention but a few.
Added to this are a number ot essays and
\ sketches — among them Mr. Zangwlll's
: papers on literary criticism; an account
of the sesqul-centennial of Princeton,
with portraits of the receivers of hon
orary degrees; Gerald Stanley Lee's account
of lan Maclaren as a lecturer, and records of
the dramatic, artistic and musical happen
ings of the perrod covered. Biographical
sketcneß and estimates are given of the work
of the writers who have died— Harriet Beecher
Stowe, George dv Maurier, William Morris and
others. The Critic, aside from its value as
the only weekly record of American literature
is of continuous interest on account of its
portraits of contemporary celebrities in the
j fields of literature and the arts. The present
j volume completes the paper's sixteenth year.
j Cloth, lettered, price $2 50. The Critic Com
pany, 287 Fourth avenue. New York.
Mr. J. H. Plum mer, publisher of
Woman's World and Jenness Wills*
Monthly, offers $100 in prizes to the per
sons making the largest number of words
from the word "Endeavors." See his ad
vertisement iv another column.
2324
FASHION'S FADS AND FANCIES
1. Striped brocade matinee trimmed with chiffon and jeweled passementerie.
2. Spring model for separate bodice. This elegant blouse waist may be made up in silk or
flne wool, it is tucked across the tops'of the sleeves, the back and the fronts where they join
the yoke. These tucks may remain flat or be stiffened with cords, one of the fads of 1897-
The yoke may be silk, covered **ith lace; the material of the waist Itself, braided or figured
brocade. The closing is on the left side, and is concealed by ribbon bows and drapery. The
diagram pattern shows the extreme simplicity of the cut of this waist. There is no waistband,
but the top of the skirt worn with it is corded.
Hats, Toques and Bonnets.
T'lT seems rather early to begin a discus
-Ift sdon of spring early to begin a already
-\ -ion of spring millinery, but already
45 model hats, etc., are beginning to ar
rive. About three weeks ago Mme. Jane
Hading looked unusually fascinating in a
hat made of a flat green gauffered straw,
encircled with a white feather and a white
Paradise aigrette caught at the back with
a spray of mountain ash.
A dear little bride has just ordered a
charming chapeau of an exquisite white
straw, which is draped with a veil of
point d'Angleterre surmounted by some
simply perfect Duchesse de Brabant roses.
Fancy a Paris hat composed of a single
enormous pink silk double poppy, com
pleted with a Louis XVI bow and a dia
mond buckle.
Lace maintains its popularity as an or
namentation for all sorts of headgear, and
a toque of black velvet embroidered with
steel is encircled with full folds of creamy
lace, caught up at one side witb a diamond
circlet and two black ostrich tips.
Toques made entirely of flowers are, a?
usual at this season of the year, sdten con
stantly, and they are generally composed
of violets or roses. Gardenias are fre
quently intermingled. Other toques have
their brims formed of violets, crown of
yellow mimosa, violets and mimosa being
tied together to form an erect spray at one
side. I consider these floral toques clumsy
and usually most unbecoming; however,
when made by an expert out of the choicest
flowers the results are at times satisfactory,
but I like far better an unpretentious hat
of the bright Japanese straw, which has a
satin-like surface. This particular hat is
white, covered with an odd but excellent
piece of heavy, very open black lace, which
has an applique of a little white lace. The
vivid "Jack" roses at the left side give a
touch of color and three buds rest next the
wearer's dusky hair. Japanese rush will
continue to.be largely used all spring.
Lightness is to be seriously considered,
•nd split rush and straw are to help carry
out many an idea of the great milliners.
For a long time hats have been lined in
various ways, and not many months ago
Russian leather was noted as one of the
novelties, which, however, was not greeted
with favor. Now velvet is being appliqued
on this leather just on the forehead. This
makes such linings soft and comfortable,
but not having seen one of these hats I
cannot say whether they will or will not
be a success. Privately, I imagine they
must be quite hideous.
The one great novelty In the coming
millinery fashions is the use of vegetable
silk for the fancy plaits, which are at least
an inch wide. This has the most silky
and charming sheen upon it. The more
expensive kinds are made entirely of veg
etable silk, but it is imitated in silk com
bined with hemp. Here, a.gain, the range
of colors is very bright, indeed—
pinks, yellows, greens, petunia shades and
many others and ready to be made up into
the fashionable hats and bonnets, while
Others show a combination of two color-;
and sometimes three, such as pink, yel
low, light green and cream. It is very
light and is likely to effect quite a revolu
tion. ;*".,,
"This same fabric has been woven into |
an open gauze of a very light, thin make
in various colorings, and it is being niched
and gauffered to form ruches for inside
the hats; some of them are shot, and
many of these vegetable silk straws have
the two colors combined in such a way
tnat they also appear to be glace; while
quite a new notion are narrow straws
freely striped in two colors, with the sam?
effect of combined coloring.
"It is to be a bonnet year, and the newest
foundation shapes show the return of the
curtain. At present it has not come back
to us in its old style shading the nape of
the neck, but stands erect like a turkey's
tail, and is generally formed of segments.
The cartwheel crown is once more to the
fore, and a numbe r of fashionable founda
tion shapes are preparing, made of net,
but worked all over with ..paillettes, in
either black, and steel, or brilliant color
ings, such ar iridescent petunia, green or
blue. Breadth characterizes the new bon
nets, either in the front or in the rear,
and many of these sequin shapes .assume
the form of a butterfly with outstretched
wings."
All shades of green are to be indulged
in, even the most vivid tones, and we will
all have to accustom ousselves to brir-ht
colors this year if we wish to be up to date,
for not only are our hats, but also our
gowns, parasols, etc., all to be vivid in
hue. Already green and white rustic
plaits, red and black, deep pink and gray
are arriving for the future adornment of
our belles.
Sneaking of novelties reminds me that
among the latest 'shapes are noted the
Russian crown. The vegetable silk will
be most extensively employed.
Bonnet toques are the new bonnets to
be called, and this makes us at once think
of the soft round form. However, these
have quite a different shape and all have
some sort of crowns. Many are shaped
like pinnacles, others not unlike jam pots,
and not a few have a brim of pleated
straw. This ruche is also to be seen on
the hats. The latest crowns almost all
widen toward the top and diminish where
they join the brim. lam happy to say
that it is to be fashionable to have both
toques and hats tit the head closely.
Many chapeaux have a double brim,
the underneath one usually contrasting
sharply in color with the exterior brim.
Colored chips are to be often made up as
brims or crowns. Sailor hats will be much
in evidence, and it has been decided that
the old original shape is the best. Now it
is to be had in navy blue and many shades
of red, with striped ribbon bands, as well
as a narrow binding at the edge.
Not long ago, at a church wedding, a
hat ol turquoise blue velvet, having a Tarn
o' Shanter crown encircled with bands of
white velvet, was much admired. It was
richly embroidered in fleur-de-lis, worked
1. T-freed costume with braided bolero and white kid vest. Plain sleeves with three epaulette frills.
2. Tailor gown in rough novelty goods. White braided collar and brocade vest. x
3. Striped wool dress with soft veh et vest, and velvet-edged epaulette frill, on sleeve, and fronts. Twine-colored guipure in bolero shape Is set on each front,
4. Pale gray rough wool gown trimmed with braid. Draped velvet waistband, awmmmm guipure in hoiero shape is set on each front,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
with fine rhinestones. At the left side
four black ostrich tips were arranged fan
shaped. Underneath the brim there was
also a tuft of feathers, very small ones.
The wearer of this creation wore a chic
cape of crepe de chine of the same tur
quoise hue. This was covered with tne
most delicate of Chantiily lace, dotted
with silver spangles. The oval yoke was
outlined with two fluffy ruches of mous
seline de soie, closely pleated. Down the
middle of each ruche was a narrow ribbon
of black velvet; this ribbon formed im
mense bows in the front.
Siiirt Waists and Ties
Have gained firm a footing that again
will they claim our patronage and be cor
rect to wear during the next six months.
At present the tailor-made shirts of silk or
wool figure in the wardrobes of New
York's smartest maids and matrons. In
all respects they are made like cot
ton wash shirts. They have a narrow
neckband, to which is attached a white
linen collar. Those having long slender
throats now wear their collars with a
stock, which may be of either black or
watered silk. Black is preferred. The
latest ties are made on the stocks, and are
of silks of different kinds tied in a bow.
Ribbons are now never worn with a shirt
without a stock.
The cuffs must be of the same material
as the shirt, straight, and in width about
3>£ inches wide.
The shirts now enjoying as great a
vogue as the cotton ones ever did are to be
worn, presumably, beneath the heavy
cloth walking-jacket, and may match the
suit or be a contrast to it. Plaid flannels
make very stylish shirts. One having
three broad box-pleats at the front and
back is fastened down the front middle
pleat with small gold studs. When made
by a tailor such a shirt costs in New York
$13 50— a really extravagant price I should
say. But if you wish one of a changeable
blue silk poplin moire, with some tiny
tucks set quite far apart, both back and
front, from the sWulders half way to the
wnist, with rather basque-shaped sleeves,
very much gathered along the upper seam
lengthwise, you will have to pay, if order
ing from an Eastern tailor, |25. Could I
carefully examine such a shirt I might
consider it worth the price, but most girls
can have such garments made at far more
reasonable figures by purchasing a good
pattern, as they are not at all difficult to
make. i
Vogue says: "Equally simple in make
and much less In price are some flannel
shirts in plain colors and plaids, both
made with yoke back and full-gathered
front, one straight plait down the center.
The sleeves are gathered in toward the
wrist in fine side plaits, about six in num
ber, and end in straight cuff. Price $3."
Plain and changeable taffetas are to be
largely used, but I cannot recommend
them to any one, as really they are far
too common and ordinary, and as for
those made of china silk. I consider them
abominations, and they should certainly
be indulged in only in the country.
Skirt and jacket suits will be more popu
lar than ever all through the summer,
and the smartest coats will either be
rather longer than usual or very short.
With a liberal allowance of shirtwaists
such a suit, when the work of one of our
best tailors, and silk-lined, may be worn
with perfect satisfaction on any number
ot occasions, and girls on limited allow
ances should first of all secure one of
these dresses, and with what remains ob
tain what they can.
When made with an adaptable jacket
such a gown may merit the term chic as
well as stylish. I quote the description of
such a one:
"A jacket that looks equally suitable
whether worn on the street or at a concert
or tea is made with the fronts double. On
the street the jacket books straight up the
front, which is braided on either side and
■
SPRING ' WALKING GOWNS.
has the 'appearance of a plain tailor-made
jacket with a chinchilla collar. At a tea,
etc., the wearer can unhook the outside
fronts, which turn back, forming narrow
revers of green velvet, with which the
fronts are lined, and display the inner
fronts, which are made of inch insertion
and fine lace. This jacket is both con
venient and modish."
The handsomest of such gowns are to be
made of plain cloths or cheviot, and the
seams must be plainly stitched up. For
the skirt, if the fabric is light in weight,
tailor's canvas should be used around the
bottom not de- per than six inches.. It
must be stitched to lining, not to the
cloth, and all flare and fullness is in the
back, where it is held in place by elastic
bands that extend from plait to plait and
are covered with silk, pieces from the
skirt-lining being utilised. But if a hand
some tailor gown is desired the very
newest fashion for a basque is known as
Tfye Russian Fatigue Coat.
Not having seen one I quote a descrip
tion from an undisputed authority, which
I advise you to study carefully to begin
with: "It is tight-fitting, with high,
straight collar, buttons across the shoul
der, and from there in a slanting line
down to the bottom of the coat, about five
inches below the waist. The buttonholes
are under a fly. and the buttons, which
are of lasting, do not show. Frogs of
black braid, beginning with a long one,
reach from shoulder to shoulder and grad
ually grow smaller. The collar has a sin
gle line of braid at the extreme top, which
joins a loop on the top corners in front
and comes down the edge on each side of
the opening, which is directly in front.
The sleeves are moderate coat sleeves, and
have a single line of braid around the
edge, which runs up about six inches on
the side, forming a pattern to match front
braiding. The seam on either side of the
back seam is covered with braid which
forms a trefoil pattern top and bottom.
The bottom of the coat is plain and fits
the figure smoothly over the hips. There
is neither braid nor stitching on it. In
the center of the back is a double boxplait
lying flat." The skirt is absolutely plain,
but perfect in every respect.
A rough material of a slate color with a
hairy surface, known as Oxford, is the
most fashionable material for tailor gowns.
The leading tailors put no stiffening in
the basques, as the lining used, an excel
lent quality of satin, is all that is neces
sary.
Buttonhole flowers are not now a bunch
of violets, lilies of the valley being the
fashion.
London Cloth .Models.
The English tailors certainly make a
great success of cloth gowns. About some
of the latest I am sure you will be glad ' to
hear when you know that they emanate
| from a celebrated Oxford-street house.
Imagine how appropriate for a handsome
brunette would be a costume made of a
bright shade of blue cloth— almost Prus
sian blue 1 It is braided in black, and in
form the coat is suggestive of a very
smart mess jacket. The neck-band and
cuffs are of dark red, covered most effect
ively with a black braiding. The skirt is
absolutely plain.
Mushroom-tinted cloth Is employed in
the composition of a gown made with a
bodice bolero set into tucks showing a
yoke of the new shade of - oright grassy
ijreen velvet covered with cream-colored
lace. Narrower lace of the same tone
forms a little frill down the side, caught
here and there with two tiny bows of the
green velvet. The waistband is made of
black satin. -
Of black and buff material is a good
dress. On the hips are two narrow strap
of black satin, apparently held in place
with buttons at the back, It is caught
into two little puffings. The bodice is
made with a sort of corselet formed o.
three straps of black satin ribbon, made
somewhat' in zouave form, with revers
faced with biscuit-colored cloth braided'
in black, showing a pleated waistcoat of
black satin, which fastens double-breasted
at the waist, while a sash of black satin
hangs to the hem. Taken all in all, this
is a most satisfactory creation, as is like
wise a quaint little Eton jacset of black
velvet, which has every seam outlined
with black and silver braid. Silver but
tons of beautiful workmanship hold it
together at the waist.
The mousquetaire sleeve, about which I
wrote last week, bas created no little com
ment, and I have been urged to give an
illustration, so I have procured one, and
for the benefit of those who did not see
the paragraph to which I allude I repeat.
"A novelty in ball-gown sleeves is a
boon always. This season's creation is a
long lace mousquetaire sleeve falling well
over the hand. The lace, for instance,
will be black, paillette in bright or dead
silver, the spangles of the smallest size.
The sleeve will reach above the elbow
only on the top of the arm, but will pass
underneath and attach itself to a lace
epaulette. The effect of the ellipse of
bare arm is charming, and the sleeve
most graceful, giving that length of
arm which adds so much to one's
height. There has been a disposition to
discard these long sleeves on evening (full
Elegant robe de chambre of black satin or colored wool. This latest design for house
gowns has a large white satin directoire collar braided with gold and edged with lace. Thp
back is princess shape, but the fronts fall straight. The sleeves are gathered Into cuffs braider
like the color.
dress) gowns on the part of certain New
York leaders of fashion; but all Paris
mondaines, on tho contrary, noted for
their elegance have adopted them with
the utmost chic Perhaps 'the proverbial
six months or a year mat pass over our
heads before we awaken to the beauty of
them."
Toilettes at -a Parisian Din
ner Party.
Last month the very hospitable Marquise
de Brod gave a dinner, at which the
gowns of Aer fair guests were veritable
models of Parisian taste and elegance.
The hostess received in a rich black
Lyons velvet dress lined with white satin.
The skirt was very long, and all the seams
were concealed by a narrow niching of
black gauze chiffon, and here and there in
the ruche diamonds gleamed. Gauze
chiffon plisse and bretelles of satin literally
covered with diamonds formed the low
bodice. The sleeves, of gauze plisse,
reached the elbow. *■_•;.^7 .;V~.
A Princess who was present, wore a
rarely beautiful white moire, which had a
flowing pattern of mauve and pink leaves
lightly.embroidered with tiny spangles of
gold and silver. The skirt was cut accord
ing to the very latest mode, being plain
on the hips with three small pleats at the
back, but they did not form godets. Ii
was demi- trained and lined with mauve
satin. The bodice was low and pointed,
and had a most artistic spangled plastron
of mauve. Round the neck was a full
ruche of the same, roses and violets
mingled with the gauze.
JlThe sleeves were short and slightly
puffed. Another pretty woman wore over
sea-green silk a simply ravishingly beauti
ful net embroidered in real opals, with
ruches of lace. And here let me remark
that ruches are enjoying a great amount
of popularity, and the old-fashioned idea
of wearing a band of black velvet around
the throat, held in place by a jewel or a
jeweled ornament, threatens to be the
style again. .
On another festive occasion a leader of
fashion was gowned in a vert d'eau bro
cade; the long skirt had a qui'le in front
and many flowers were employed about
the bodice, but flowers are never out of
fashion and always lovely. The slippers
worn with this conception were of dark
green satin, embroidered at the tips; the
stockings were mauve. Continuing the
subject of evening gowns a correspondent
states that on another occasion a fair
countess wore pink moire becomingly
fashioned. The sleeves opened on the
! side over a panel of soft pink gauze piisse,
which simulated an underskirt, and was
bordered with two rows of gold embroid
ery, which sparkled with jewels. At the
left side the bodice had a drapery of pink
gauze, and ou the right one of gold lace,
richly jeweled.
The short sleeves were puffs of gauze
held in at intervals with pink ribbons.
Pink feathers composed the fan and the
necklace and tiara were of pearls. The
pink satin shoes, spangled with gold, were
worn with pink --ilk stockings having inser
tions of Valenciennes lace. The long pink
ish-white gloves had bracelet fastening.
With this toilette was worn a short cloak
and pelerine of bright pink ottoman, hav
ing an edging of chine white silk and
quite an amount of white chenille em
broidery and shaded posies. In front were
tulle quills wrought with gold and sur
rpunded with white leathers. Pink gauze
formed a double' ruche around the neck;
it was piisse and fell on either side of the
quills.
Shoes and Slippers.
Bronze is again being quite extensively
used for dancing slippers, as it has the
effect of narrowing and making the feet
look small. Satin is liked for these prop
erties also, and has the advantages of
being more comfortable and pliant to
dance in; besides, when , satin slippers
match the gown nothing can be prettier.
Many are now most gracefully and artis
tically embroidered with imitation jewels
by the fair owners. Of course the fronts
only are so adorned. It would be well to
remember that only tiny buckles of paste
or steel ornament the best shots, the huge
affairs being no longer seen, although a
leading shoemaker tried a few days ago to
induce me to invest in a pair. A tiny bow
nicely incrusted with jewels, is also in
good taste.
The demand for laced shoes is largely
on the increase, for more women are in
dulging in long walks, and the support
given by a laced shoe is considerably
greater than that given by a buttoned one,
and since skating has been the vogue East
many who have not strong ankles are
wearing laced boots that also button, as it
is thought that by first of all lacing the
boot beneath and then buttoning a flap
over it an immense amount of support is
afforded. This may be the case, but the
combination arrangement must mate the
average ankle look rather clumsy.
So many cases of illness are 'traceable to
thin-soled shoes that physicians are uni
versally prescribing, not huge, clumsy
ones, but those having soles that will
afford sufficient protection to the foot.
In years gone by .no wonder so many
lovely young girls died from consumption,
for it was then the fashion .to. wear soles
not thicker than a sheet of paper, and
delicate women would go straight from
their furnace -heated, velvet- carpeted
homes out into the bitter cold and stand
chatting, perhaps, on the snowy sidewalk,
with results that are not to be wondered
at. The matrons and maidens of this
period show far more common-sense, for
which they are to be commended.
Tlie Modern Smart Woman.
Her duties are ably and briefly related
by that excellent English paper, the St.
James Budget. It states: "Of course,
the smart woman must dress well and
must be ( quick at ' repartee and - ready* ,
witted, with the art of saying the right
thing at the right time. She must be
pretty well up in the scandals of the hour
and the novels, a good player of outdoor
and indoor games and possessed of a ca
pacity for taking trouble in order to pre
vent herself being bored. Small talkS
must, of course, be in her equipment and
she must cultivate the art of being agree- (
able all round. Indeed, the profession of
smart woman is a most difficult one to
adopt and a girl should ponder well before
going in for ix." Maecella.
* —
Styles for Men.
Scarfpins are not as fashionable as they
used to be for men, but a fine pearl or
smooth ball may be worn.'
I heard a few days ago of a well-known
San Franciscan who has recently
returned from his first visit to a great city
many miles from here. He has many
things to relate concerning his travels and
numerous are the curios, etc., collected by
him, but I think his most valuable acqui
sitions are his shirts with attached cuffs
and properly fitting collars; indeed, he
admits himself that he never knew how
comfortable a good collar was until his
visit to a well-known haberdasher's. I
wish I could impress it on you all that the
majority of men do not pay a proper
amount of attention to their linen, and
how utterly useless to lavish care on other
garments when their linen stamps them.
In otber cities a bank clerk would scorn
to be Been with such cuffs as many a capi
talist wears with serenity, and as far as
collars are concerned all of us have seen
men wearing them too large, too high or
too tight, without tne smallest considera
tion of their style. necked, fat,
puffy men do look so miserable in collars
too high for them, but perhaps not quite
so absurd as do others with great thin
necks disfigured with Adam's apple, who
wear the lowest possible neck dressing. ,
I positively believe that they would
delight in Byronic collars. Men to look
well in the high-banded fold-over collars
must have good necks and perfectly
formed chins.
scarfs.
Concerning these important articles
Him asks: "Do you know how to tie your
scoffs? If you do, skip this; but, as a
matter of fact, few men know how to per
form this nice operation. They may be
able to adjust the scarf in a fashion, but
to get out of a silk all that there is in it
one must know just how to lay out the
scarf before he turns it over for the final
adjustment. In making a bow bring the
ends out square and even. In tying an
Ascot be sure that the ends are even and
absolutely true at the top of the center
piece before you cross them. If you do
this the effect will be good. If you are at
all careless in the first moves you will
make a failure of your effort"
A critic remarks with much truth: "I
have always noticed that when anything
noticeably radical was introduced, it was
killed as soon as it became popular. Its
pure radicalism killed it. You cannot
afford to wear anything that accentuates
the mode. Overdoing dress is worse than
underdoing it. Your personal taste must
•not be allowed to dominate absolutely.
There are standards to conform to, and if
you conform to them with any degree of
judgment or taste, you will be well
dre=sed. The well-dressed man is he who
is dressed in such exquisite taste that his
apparel does not attract attention.
Peculiar ties, shirts, waistcoats and hats
attract attention. So do diamonds and
massive watch guards. I associate all
these things with men who, lacking edu
cation, wit or refinement, cover them
selves with huge and glittering pieces of
gems and fabrics as their only means of at
tracting attention to themselves." C. C.
Alma E. Keith.— Mme. Alma E. Keith an
nounces that spring Paris importations in fine
millinery are arriving dally at both stores,
24 Kearnv street and 808 Market street, Phe
lan building. Owing to the blunders of the
telephone company I had mine taken out.
Send orders by messenger at my expense.
Yours always, Alma E. Keith. ; •
NEW TO-DAT.
Imperial Hair Regenerator
fwill make the hair beauti-
ful, glossy and natural, no
matter how Streaky,
Bli • ACHED or it
may be.
It is clean, odorless, last-
ing. It does not contain an
atom of poisonous matter.
Baths do' not affect it,
neither does curling or
crimping. Incomparable
for the BI.AKD on account
of its durability and clean-
liness.
No. 1, Black.
Xo. 7. Ash &>i«|pgj
Price $1 50 and
$3 00.
Bole Manufacturers and Patentees:
Imperial Chemical Mfg. Co., 292 Fifth ay.. N. Y.
- For sale by Druggists and Hairdressers. In
Ban Francisco sold and applied by Stanislas
dtrozynski and Goldstein & Conn.
(Notice this to-day. This ad. may not
y appear again. )
A t*J Jmm\. Jd\ RO fj°3& ESSH ESQ
$| P°FRFF
GOLD '-■ IILL
;■ ■- - . « v -. -.* . •■•• ._■:; y-- •:.*..*- .- ■,: •- : ?-. ... • .*•
Who can form the greatest number of words -
from the letters In ENDEAVORS? You can make
twenty or more words, we feel sure, and if you do
you will receive a good reward. Use no letter un-
less found in the word. Use no language except:
English. Use any dictionary. .Pronouns, nouns,
verbs, adverbs, prefixes, suffixes, adjectives, proper
nouns, plurals allowed. Anything that Is a legiti-
mate word. Work It out in this manner: En-
deavors, en, end. ends, near, nod, nodi, dear, deer,
ear, ears, and, or, ore. oar, oars, etc Use these
words in your list. The publisher of Woman's
WOULD AND J KN* NF.SS Millvb Monthly will
pay *r'2o in gold to the person able to make the
largest ilst of words from the letters In the word
ENDEAVORS: $10 for the second: $5 for th*
third : $5 for the fourth, ana 92 each for the thirty
nex: largest lsts. The above rewards are given
free and without consideration for the purpose of
a.tract'.ng attention to our handsome woman's
magazine, thirty-six pases, one hundred and forty-
four long columns, fltie:y Illustrated and all orig-
inal matter, lonz and abort s orles by the best
authors; price 81 per year, it Is necessary for
you, toenttr the contest, to send twelve Vincent
stamps for a three months* trim subscription with
your Ist of words, and every person sending the
'24 cents and a list of twenty words or more is
guaranteed an extra present by return mall (In
addition to the magazine), of a 176-page book,
'•Beyond Recall," by ade Ine Sergeam— a power-
ful iove romance, --atisfuctlon guaranteed In
every case or money refunded. Lists should be
sent at once and not later than March 15. The
names and addresses of successful contestants win
be printed in April issue, - published In March.
Our publication has been established ten years.
We refer yon to any mercantile agency for our
standing. Make your Ist now. Adlre«s J. 11.
PI.UMMEK. Publisher, Dept. M. C, Temple Court
building, >ew York City.
LAWRENCE
JjL SYSTEM,
il #Vc^i .' a\s The only one by which
\T*T'-^t/' you can make a garment
Wr^Ttr-4 without trying on.
y^-TS^ FREE TESTS.
*™ 1231 MARKET ST.RESORT OF
PLEASURE WILL
BE
LAKE MERGED.
'•^F^ HE corporation which supplies San
\\m\ Francisco with drinking water finds
*. -/■lf* a source for at least one-quar
ter of. the quantity consumed from the
;: little Lake Merced, which lies in the
: southwestern part of the county, near the
• San Mateo line. From its clear, crystal
depths from 10,000.000 to 20,000,000 gallons
- are drawn daily. Its superficial surface is
ahout tour hundred acres and it is fed
from * never-failing springs which have
their origin in the mountains of the Sier
ras. From early days this lake has been
a source of the City's water supply, ac
". cessible to all who chose to appropriate
'it until the Spring Valley became the
sole proprietor of the lake and its water
._ shed. This corporation now owns the
' -land surrounding the lake in every dirsc
' .tion and controls upward of twenty-two
. hundred acres of the most beautifully sit
' iiated and generally level land in San
Fr«ncisco County.
. This tract borders for two miles upon
t.he Pacific, separated from the beach by
low sandhills, and in stormy weather, \
" when the wind blows from the southwest, \
■ -the spray from the ocean rises in clouds j
-v' and descends into the lake in such quan- :
tities as to impart to its waters a distinct
• fealty taste, making them unpalatable and
__-' unfit for consumption. In such an event
I Me lake pumps stop their revolutions nn-
I iii the water has clarified itself. Though
: efforts have teen made to prevent the sur
*• jkee waters from draining into the lake in
\ times, of heavy rainfalls they have not al
• ways been successful, and atter such
••periods" the waters have been to some ex
: tent contaminated and their use tempo
. l'ariiy abandoned.
:\- Tne time must come, however, when
the Waters of Lake Merced cannot be used
' : as a source of supply to the City. If San
*• Francisco had double its present popula
tion there would remain but little vacant
B building" room on the peninsula. With
. a million population there would be
. none. With Lake Merced surrounded by
■ houses, the water could not help but be
'' come impure, and its use for human con
■ sumption would then cease.
This result would be no embarrassment
to the water company, for it has ample re
s' sources elsewhere for a city five times the
•'.present size of San Francisco.
'" The problem therefore of utilizing Lake
• Merced in such manner as will afford most
■ satisfaction to the greatest number is one
": tnat can be considered now with advan
■ i'lge. It is assumed that the lake will in
• time Become an annex to Golden Gate
.Park, connected with it by boulevards ex
*'tending along the ocean beach, encircling
tue lake and having another route to the
."'• park by the way of the Almshouse thor
'*'. oughfare.
Here is a distance of about ten miles by
*" a route which can be equaled nowhere
.'" for variety or beauty of scenery and
.' general attractiveness. The road along
.the ocean shore is practically com
plete,* the one via the Almshouse ]
*. would require widening, grading and j
/■ballast to make a first-class boule
vard. The last one passes through a most
picturesque country and is already bor
:. defed by lines of eucalyptus trees. The
Twin Peaks rise in majestic altitude on
• cue side of the roadway, while on both
. sides gentle slopes always vernal descend
to. the road. A grand boulevard aiouud
. Lake Merced would afford a connecting
link between the two boulevards already
' partially constructed. Could such a drive
be constructed, of width sufficient for ye
. hides and horses, with walks for foot pas
sengers on each side and bordered with
rows of palms and other umbrageous spe
cies, an avenue would be created without
a peer in the world.
• Just imagine a trip through the park to
' -.the* ocean, whose shores would be followed
' for three miles to the lake, thence by a
•driveway around Merced undulating ac
'•' cord. to the outline of the surface of the
• Jake shore, and thence back to the park
.'. again by the Almshouse boulevard.
• The lake itself could be made a scene
of enchantment by utilizing its natural
advantages for adornment. Yachts and
•steamers, rowboats and other craft would
. crowd its waters, which could be made
. available on occasion for races and ma
' rine display. A*- pleasure lake such as no
■.city of the world possesses. With thou
sands of arc and incandescent lights, im
agine bow magnificent would be the
scene at night.
It is said that the corporation owning
the tract of land in which Lake Merced is
: situated admits that the time is approach
ing when the waters of the lake in conse
quence of the density of the population
on' its 'shores will be unavailable for do
mestic use and in view of that contin
• gency have discussed the ways and means
for throwing upon the market the 2000
acres of land which they own to the pub
lic They have already figured that the
' amount they should realize from the sale
•/"•■of the tract would almost pay the bonded
L debt of the company. Should tbe sale De
Pomade then Lake Merced ought to be ac
". quired by the City and placed under the
'control of the Park Commissioners to
- beautify and make available as an added
"source of pleasure to the people of Cali
fornia for all time.
Such is the «uture of Lake Merced as
pointed out by manifest destiny.
The Steam Hammer.
. ThumP— Thump— Thump—
■ >klls the steam-hammer upon the lump
. Of glowing iron, like massy gold;
" And a stream of sparks, like stars untold,
Fly out and flash with each thump— thump.
In the gloom around move Titans tall—
' Unearthly shadows that shift and call—
■ Black-vlsaged, and bare of arm and breast,
Those gods that wrestle and sweat, nor rest.
'Neath the gleam of their stern yet hopeful
•' ' " eyes
'. Comes Form out of grossness— the while Time
flies
'Marked by each gold-flashing shower and
. . thump
. -Upon that divinely shapening lump.
. -Thump— Thum'— Thu'—
The trip in the master's band is raised.
The work of the hammer done and praised—
From the workshop's gloom to the light of day
The still glowing metal is borne away
*.. By those shifting shadows ere it Is cold—
, That shape-set thing which once streamed
r • gold.
I 80, while Life lasts, the heart must thump,
' ■ And the Master watches the shaping lump.
BEAFOBTH YEO.
• — a
Our senses do not fall asleep simultane
* ously. Tbe eyelids are first affected and
chut out sight, next follows tbe sense of
. taste, then smelling, bearing and touch,
the last named being the lightest sleeper
■nnd most easily aroused.
INDIAN MASTERS THESE OF THE REVOLVING WEDGE
Top row-James W. Ellis. left half; George Head, right guard; Carl Bending, substitute; Millard Walker, quarter-back; Cyrus Sun. right half: William Stevens, center; Vavages Buck left end- Kisto
Lotta, substitute; Jose Manuel, right tackle. Center row-Joseph McDonald, left tackle; John G. Whittier, fullback; Howard Sanderson, substitute; John Ames, right end; Mark Antonio substitute
Bottom row— Henry Soatikee, substitute; Jame3 Peters, substitute; Juan Allen, left guard.
PIISLHE revolving wedge will yet become
fe|jv a thing to conjure by in all tbe foot
jlf * ball world or else the prophecies of
the experts who bave seen it and felt it
will fail. It is claimed to be the inven
tion of Arizona's indigenous gridiron
team. Uncle Sam's Indian School lads at
Phoenix are masters of it and the le
markable work they bave already accom
plished witb it bas spread its fame far and
wide. Nothing in Arizona, at all events,
can stand before it, and yet there are some
crack players in the Treasure Territory.
The boast is openly made, too, by those
who have gone down before it and by
those who have seen it in successful oper
ation that no football eleven outside or in
side the Territory can win a straight score
against it.
Wbo can describe it? Certainly no one
A REALISTIC STORY OF A RAINY DAY, A WOMAN AND AN UMBRELLA
CI^SL HE rain came on suddenly and it
•^l*^ caueht her, as the sailors say,
JAfO "amidships." She was anxious to
match a fragment of dress goods which
she bad in her pocketbook, and she had
on her best hat; therefore, she went into
a near-by store and purchased a low
priced umbrella.
Coming out of the establishment with
the air of one wbo has got the better of
J. SMITH'S PLEDGE.
Jrouble Gaused by the Geographi
cal Eccentricities of J^arket
Street.
Jehosaphat Smith has been coming
home at all hours of the night for these
last thirty years, but if he hadn't signed
the pledge it is probable that the remarka
ble geographical eccentricities of Market
street would have never excited interest
in the Smith household.
Jehosaphat signed the pledge, and after
keeping it intact for three days, he felt so
good over the fact that he just dropped in
at an old-time resort on Montgomery
street on bis way home last evening to
celebrate tne joyous event with a class or
two of ancient elixir. When he came out
be noted that tbe points of the compass
bad become somewhat mixed in' the last
half hour, but, laying this rather unusual
event to the weather, he steered for
Market street, homeward bound. At the
corner of Montgomery and Market streets
be paused for a minute to allow a car to
pass, and then proceeded on his way. A
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
ARIZONA'S INDIGENOUS CYCLONE FOOTBALL TEAM.
but a football expert who is also on
terms of considerable felicity with the
Queen's English. It is circular, revolving
and altogether cyclonic in effect, though
it operates beami.u'ly to tbe same end as
the ordinary wedge. Its swift motion i
the main thing, and it is doubtful if ever
a Caucasian team will learn to operate it
as do tbese Pima Indian boys of the
Arizona Government Indian School. The
revolving wedge is formed suddenly, in
stantly, apparently without the least pre
meditation, and inside of it is the player
who has the ball. Main force cannot
break the wedge, for the wea^e is in
rapid, circular motion — so rapid, in fact,
that there is not an instant in time when
the opposing forces can bring any amount
of concentrated effort to bear upon it at
any one point. It moves, indeed, like a
fate and circumstance, she essayed to
open her new acquisition and bid defiance
to the elements. A moment of uncer
tainty followed 'while she explored the
inner mechanism of the article in band.
Then came a decided pressure on a stiff
spring, a vigorous outward shove of the
curving ribs, followed by shrieks of infan
tile indignation and disgust. An inof
fensive child troit ng by at the side of its
maternal parent, a stout lady with a high
nose and a peppery temper, had received
the full broadside of the suddenly ex
panded convexity, and sitting flat on the
muddy sidewalk, loudly howled its disap
proval of existing conditions.
During the dialogue which ensued,
vituperative on one side and humbly
apologetic on the other, the naif-open
cause of it, held at an angle of 45 deg. be
hind its owner, managed to trip up a
pompous and near-sighted old gentleman
and land him on all fours on the pave
ment.
Turning suddenly about, aghast at this
new misfortune, she hit a sober-minded
dog peacefully standing under the shelter
of the awning a blow in the ribs that sent
him ki-yi-ing with his tail at half-mast
out into the middle of the street and
brought his owner out of a cigar-store to
make excited inquiries as to the identity
of the individual who had dared to treat
his four-footed friend with such wanton
cruelty.
The innocent offender fled back into the
store which she had just left until tbe ex
citement subsided. Then a polite, clerk
putting her purchase in working order for
ber, sbe started out again.
As she was a rather short woman she
managed in a walk of half a block to knock
off the hats of no less than five gentlemen
and by the simple process of leverage
wrest three umbrelias from the bands of
their proprietors.
Not wishing to continue these exploits
she then proceeded to bold her umbrella
over one shoulder like a musket, with the
result that she caught one of the rib points
in the fashionably disheveled hair of a
yonng woman walking less rapidly than
herself and dragged her unwilling captive
along for some distance before becoming
aware of the state of affairs.
Releasing her prisoner with some little
difficulty she plunged into the depths of a
dry-goods store and coming out a few
minutes later found that the wind had
shifted, ana therefore veered ber shelter
ing cotton to the front.
few minutes later, much to his astonish
ment, the plate-glass windows of the re
sort he had just left loomed up before
him. "S'loons 'n streets all mix' up," he
remarked philosophically, and then
cyclone, and it moves always toward the
goal. And when the favorable moment ar
riveswhich always happens to be the
moment that everybody else thinks is the
least favorable — pop! goes tbe cyclone.
It bursts, scattering the surprised opposi
tion ami releasing a swift runner, who is
out of jurisdiction witb the ball before he
can be located.
The Indian School football team at Phoe
nix has played and defeated about every
thing on the Arizona gridiron. The In
dian boys are not heavy-weights. In all
the games they have played so far they
have been outmatched in s ze and weight,
but never equaled in skill and strength.
The heaviest man in the team, who is
Cyrus Sun— a straight-shouldered, strong
sinewed, pure-blooded Pima Indian of 18
years— weighs only IG9 pounds, while the
For the next block she blindly prodded
all the unfortunates coming from the op
posite direction, and finally nearly over
turned an Italian who was dragging his
peanut roaster Into a sheltered doorway
and quite overturned bis stock in trade.
sought an explanation inside. What be
found was eminently* satisfactory, 'but
thoughts of the pledge again turned his
footsteps homeward.
Again he paused at the corner of Market
and Montgomery to keep from running
over a Valencia-street car, and then again
he bravely went forward, A little later
and the familiar lights of the place he
had left twice, shone in bis eyes. "Pol
low'n' mo up. Shame ol* s'loon all . th'
way home. Mush see what's matt'r."
And the swinging doors closed .again be
hind the willing form of ' Jehosaphat
Smith.
Six times did Jehosaphat try last night
to get home. Six times did he pause at
the corner of Market, and Montgomery
while . the noisy cable cars ran by in
jangling derision; and six times did bis
footsteps lead him back to whiskies
straight, until the barkeeper put him in
a back and sent bim home to bis wile.
To her Jehosaphat swore, and swore
truly, that never after leaving the saloon
on his homeward way did he turn around.
Though unbelieved be protested that fate
moved the saloon to meet his virtuous
feet.
Only the Post-street turntable as it
whirled 'round and 'round in silent glee
average weight of the entire team is only
146 pounds. Now, it is a poor Arizona
Caucasian football team that will not
average 170 pounds at least, and in aver
age height and reach the red men have
usually been overmatched. The last vic
tory won by. them, only a few weeks ago,
was wrested from the Prescott team, witb
average weight of 175 pounds.
One of the secrets of their success is
perhaps a sort of.tribal intuitive conscious
ness which men born of civilized parents
never seem to possess. Without speaking
a wor 1, with scarcely a sound uttered
when the gam-> is hottest, these red men,
and especially those who form the revolv
ing wedge, act together as a single man as
if they were so many automatons all
moved by a single hand. They seem to
possess a kind of collective thought or
It tpok some small change to settle this
matter, but having settled it onr heroine
proceeded oh her way.
Mindful of previous misfortunes, she
now raised her umbrella high in air to
avoid the possibility of Pitting anything
or anybody, and rude Boreas, seeing a
chance for fun, swooped down upon it.
A moment later she was taking a kind
of flying run along the sidewalk, the um
brella struggling violently to raise her off
her feet and fly with her to parts un
known. Regaining partial control of her
property she. in true feminine fashion,
braced her back to the wind while en
deavoring to "take in sail," and in an in
stant the unruly thing turned inside out
and became an apparently hopeless wreck
— confused tangle of bare wires and wet
gingham. A gentleman coming to her
assistance righted matters speedily, and
she rewarded him by catching one ofthe
rib-ends in his whiskers, knocking his hat
sideways and nearly gouging out one of
bis eyes while she thanked him.
Discouraged by her many trials, she
concluded to give up her shopping and go
home. Joining a group waiting for cars
on the corner, she stood gazing straight
ahead of her with a lofty air of being su
perior to and oblivious of the disagreea
bles of her environment, until a half
smothered "cuss word" from a young man
near apprised ber that her umbrella was
held at such an ancle that a good-sized
stream bad run from it inside her victim's
collar and was meandering cheerfully
down his spine.
The car arrived opportunely at this
juncture, and after nearly knocking the
breath out of the conductor by bitting
him in the pit of bis stomach with her
all-conquering weapon as she ascended
the steps, she wedged herself firmly in the
door by attempting to enter with it still
open in her hand. Extricated from this
unpleasing position she sat down, and
placing the tip of her subdued but drip
ping parapluie on the bottom of the skirts
of the lady next her proceeded to gaze
steadily and stonily at nothing.
When she was within three blocks of
her home the rain ceased; when she
arrived at her corner the sun was shining,
and when she arose to make her way ouj
of the crowded car she forgot ber new
purchase.
A seedy-looking man slipped into her
vacated seat, worked a finger into the
handle of tho deserted article and assumed
straightway an air of proprietorship.
could explain the turnine-point in the
journey of Jehosaphat Smith.
Returns show there are over 68,000 art
ists throughout the country.
consciousness that is altogether beyond
the comprehension of tbe ordinary white
man, and not a little uncanny in some re
spects.
They are all wards of Uncle Sam, and
though they are perhaps not the brightest
scholars in the world, they are docile and
tractable pupils, anxious to learn, and
some of them are every whit as keen and
quick in the lower branches of the Eng
lish curriculum as they ara on the grid
iron. The boys are very patriotic as well.
They are under strict military training at
the school and tbey drill finely and make
excellent soldiers. They form the only
ail-American football team and they are
the originators of tbe now famous revolv
ing wedge.
The British mint coins wenty-five tons
of pennies every|year.
And that woman and the umbrella were
parted forever.
Florence Percy Matheson.
bent Cometh.
In pensive wise my lady stands,
A gilded prayer-book in her hands,
Her face averted from the world,
A flag of penitence unfurled—
y •.^ For this is Lent .."
The world, the flesh and Romeo
Are all forgot; but then, you know.
Her sackcloth clothes a dream ot grace,
While ash of roses lints her face—
For this is Lent. *
, A thing demure, she listens well
To what the churchmen have to tell;
'*-> But all the wnile a cherub fair
Of her attention has a share—
,v.'": Though this 13 Lent. ■ •
For maidens, though they' pious be,
* Will hearken to Love's softer key,
And woman is but woman when "7- -1
- There comes to her the man of men—
..Though it be Lent. . . ;
Feakklts W. Lib.
— *■ — ■»
"Perhaps," said the elderly gentleman
with the shiny coat, "perhaps if I had not
bad such a circus in my youth I would
have more of a show now." — Indianapolis
Journal. —
— . — — •
A well-known artist declares tbat in
ninety-nine cises out of a hundred the left
side of the human face Is the more perfect
in outline.
THE CARE
AND CULTURE OF
THE
GENUS PULEX.
What eylpih thee to Slepe by the morwe?
Hastow had lleen al nyght, or artuw dronke?
*. #•'. —Chaucer.
Out of tbe fullness of a wide and varied
experience, lam writing these lines. The
knowledge that I lave acquired I would
share with the world, my only recompense
being tbe consciousness of having added—
though but a mite to the sum total cf in
tense interest and excitement that is al
ways awakened in those who become con
cerned in the care and culture of thePulex
irriians. • <y :
Choose a large red plush easy-chair for
the resting place. I think there is noth
ing superior to this, thouch my wife gives
the preference to a fur rug along the side
of the bed. I can say with confidence,
however, that the best possible results
have been obtained from the plush chair;
I would not be too parlicular about its
color.
Keep the chair in the sun. I find they
thrive more rap/idly in the sunlight and
that warmth conduces to their liveliness.
When the sun no longer shines in the
room sit occasionally in the chair yourself,
It will be mutually beneficial, though, of
course, when yon go away you are liable
to carry ff some of the pets from their
hatchery, but do not mind this, for there
will always bo sufficient left to nurse tbe
younger broods.
Their numbers do not deplete readily
under proper conditions. I know this to
be true. Once the new servant-gin, in her
first gush of enthusiasm at "getting a
place," dusted and swept the chair with a
whisk-broom vigorously out in the yard at
intervals of every half hour throughout
the day, but In tbe evening I enjoyed the
society of fully the usual number of the
genus pulex as I read and smoked in tbe
red plush chair. Since then I do not
think the chair bas been disturbed
much, and this is as it should be, for
of course there is always danger of
losing some of the pets through
carelessness, or perhaps through their
fondness for an individual in whom there
may be some peculiar and unusual mag
netic qualities. However, we have been
quite fortunate, and bave every reason to
feel proud of our flea crop this year.
Often I. bear my wife disputing with the
lady in the flat below as to the number of
fleas in the respective families, and though
my wife and I have our differences at
times— as what happy couple do not? —
yet I have never had occasion to differ
with ber estimates of either the number
or the degree of liveliness of the Pulex
irritans that we bave been fortunate to
raise this year. My wife is prone to exag
gerate the number of people in a crowd,
perhaps, but I know that her remarks
concerning the virility as well as the nu
merical strength of our collection of fleas
are always safely within the truth.
I am glad to record this instance of
feminine conservatism, for we know, as a
rule, that our wives are greatly given to
exaggeration in numbers, especially where
the estimates at the lowest calculation
have to do with more than five figures.
We have tried all the flea powders and
washes on the market and with excellent
results. But I would warn against one or
two of the washes. Be careful not to
actually drop tbe liquid upon the tiny
irritans when in such a tight place tbat
be cannot bop away, for in this there is
danger of impairing the respiratory or
gans as well as temporarily interfering
with the usefulnes of the suctorial pro
boscis. As this experiment has been
made in our nursery several times I speak
upon the point from direct personal
knowledge. There is, indeed, one
particular wash that actually stupe
fied and rendered lifeless for a
moment the poor, joyful little irritans,
when my wife dropped it from the bottle
over my thumb and forefinger, between
which was imprisoned the flea. But this
was an isolated case, to be sure, and I
would advise against drawing any
general deductions from it.
There is, upon the whole, little danger
to be feared from the judicious employ
ment of any and all of these so-called "ex
terminators." I have often wondered why
tbey were so called.
It you have a chair a red plush easy
chairas I have, spread the powder or
spray the liquid upon it morning and
evening. Some are afraid of using theso
fructifiers too plentifully, but there is
little danger in tbis direction. Once my
wife covered the chair entirely with a yel
low flea-powder. I remember that it cost
$1 for the coating, and it was put on so
thickly that my bro'.her-in-law, who is
quite a thoughtful fellow, warned my wife
that it might kill some of the fleas.
But his fears, luckily, proved ground
less, and since that time I bave not wor
ried much as to either the quantity or the
quality of the antidotes used, for the Pui jx
irritans thrives as successfully in one as
tbe other.
Once we burned eucalyptus leaves in the
house. This, I think, was very beneficial,
for I noticed in the evening that although
the library was still bo full of the odor as
to spoil the fragr ance of my cigar, yet my
little pets in the red plush easy-chair
seemed to have gained .considerably in
numbers and were even more cheerful and
industrious and sociable than ever before.
Then it was that, in the fullness of my
personal knowledge and experience, I de
termined to add my mite oi wisdom to
what is perhaps already a too voluminous
literature on the care and culture of the
Pulex irritans. Luke North.
It is said that a number of Japanese
recipes for the making of alloys which
have hitherto been kept a close secret have
been revealed by workmen engaged in
making them. Among the-e is tbe
"shadko," an alloy of copper and from 1
to 10 per cent of gold. This, when placed
in a mordant of sulphate of copper, alum
and veruigris, assumes the coppered or
bine-black hue of sword sheaths and deco
rative articles. "Gmsbi-buichi" is a cop
per alloy wi h 30 or 50 per cent of silver,
of the well-known gray color. "Mokume
is a compound of several alloys. About
thirty plates or foils of gold, "shadko"
copper, silver and the last mentioned al
loy are soldered.
NEW TO-DAT.
CONSUMPTION
To the Epitor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies
npon receipt of Express and Postoffice address!
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 183 Pearl St, New York.
When writing the Doctor, please mention this paper.
2526
IN CHILDHOOD'S REALM
M* FRRAH ! Hurrah for the great, the
a- noble Washington! Washington!
,_^ So truly a king that be refused to
let men crown him a kin.' !
Shout, boys, shout! Wave your flags,
blow your horns and beat your drums in
honor of our glorious chief, whose name
can never die!
Arise — 'tis the day of our Washington's glory,
The garlands uplift for our liberties won.
And sing In your gladness his echoing story,
Whose sword swept for freedom the fields of
the sun.
. Not with gold nor with gems,
But with evergreens vernal,
And the banners of stars that the continent
span.
Crown, crown we the chief of the heroes eter- \
nal,
Who lifted his word for the birthright of man!
He gave us a nation, to make it immortal
He laid down for freedom the sword that he
drew,
Ann his shade leads us on to the radiant
portal
Of the glory ol peace and the destinies new.
Not with gold, nor with gems,
But with evergreens vernal,
And the flags that the nations of liberty span,
Crown, crown him the chief of the heroes
eternal
Who laid down his sword for the birthright of
man!
Lead, face of the future, serene in thy beauty.
Till o'er the dead heroes the peace-star shall
gleam, BKjSjffeiflQi
. Till right shall be might in the counsels of
duty
And the service of man be life's glory supreme.
. ' Not with gold, nor with gems,
But with evergreens vernal.
And the flags that the nations In brotherhood
span.
Crown, crown we the chief of the heroes eter
nal,
Whose honor was gained by the service of man I
0 spirit of liberty! sweet are thy numbers!
The winds to thy banners their tribute shall
bring .' ,-...,,
Wnlle .rolls the Potomac where Washington
slumbers
And his natal day comes with the angels of
spring.
We follow thy counsels,
O nero eternal, : 'Sy?ffi
To highest achievements the school leads the
van. •"'-,.
And, crowning thy brow with the evergreens
vernal, . y,. 7
We offer cur all to the service of man.
Hezekiah Bltterworth, in Youth's Com-
I anion.
bt I. SMITH RON.
George Washington Darrel put down
his book, and going to the window stood
drumming on the glass and looking out
thoughtfully at the falling snowflakes.
To-morrow would be Washington's birth
day, and the boy was thinking of bis
great namesake.
"What does 'surveying' mean?", he
asked of bis grandfather, who sat reading
a newspaper.
"Surveying? It means measuring land
for making roads and bridges, and all
that sort of thine. Why do you ask? Are
you thinking of becoming a civil engi
neer?" replied the grandfather.
"Is that what Washington was?" said
George, adding, thoughtfully, "I know he
was a soldier. I should rather be a sol
dier and fight for my country."
"I do not think your country needs you
just now, George," said his mother, look
ing up from ber sewing with a smile,
"but I should be very glad if you would
go and clear tbe snow out of the front
yard for me." .
Grandpa saw a cloud gathering on the
boy's face, so picking up the book which
bis grandson bad laid down he opened it
at one of the first chapters and then read
I aloud:
"The youthful George was a Kind and
dutiful son to his—"
But belore he could get any further,
George had left the room.
A few minutes later, he was out in the
yard, wrapped up in a worsted muffler,
and shoveling manfully — building, mean
while, such grand and lofty castles in the
air. His birthday was the 22d of Febru
ary, and he had been christened "George
Washington."
If he were not destined to be a second
father to his country, who was? If only a
band of British or French, or even In
dians, would come and attack thj town,
then would be the time for him to show
of what be was made. How he would
lead out the other boys, waving his sword
in the air and calling to them to follow
him, until they fell nearly, but not quite,
as brave as be. And when the enemy
were driven off, he would march home in
triumph, with tings waving and drums
I beating, and every one cheering the vic
tor. And he would always be kind to his
mother, of course, and sit beside her, with
bis arm around her neck, just ati George
Washington was doing in one of the pic
tures in the book. Here he was inter
rupted by a big boy, who held a paper
parcel over the garden railing and asked:
"Does George Washington Darrel live
here?" For answer, George took the par
cel and tore off tbe wrapper hastily, dis
covering, to his great surprise, a large
candy- made of cardboard, but shaped
and painted in perfect imitation of a \
hatchet.
"Grandfather's joke, of course!" he ex
claimed. "Aren't they nice, though?"
And he put a sugar-plum into bis
mouth, then ran in to "pass them round"
and thank tbe giver, though he could not
heip feeling a little hurt at grandfather's
thinking it necessary to remind him to
\ tell the truth. WPw%
"It is a birthday present, my boy," ex
| claimed the old man. "I did not intend
j it to arrive until to-morrow; but it doesn't
j matter— you will have other things to
I think of then."
Last Christmas George bad become the
| happy owner of a full suit of soldiers'
| clothes, and he was to march with the
j other boys on Washingto'ns birthday just
! behind the real, procession. Then in the
| evening he and grandpa were to take
: mamma to Aunt Kate's house to see tbe
' fireworks in the square.
'.'I must goto bed early," he said, soon
after tea, "so as to make to-morrow come
so oner."
"And post this letter forme the first
thing when you i*o out," said his mother.
"Be sure not to forget it, for it is very im
portant."
George kissed her and his grandfather
good-night ana went upstairs, taking the
letter witb hin.
On a chair in his bedroom lay the mili
tary uniform, and banging on the wall,
directly opposite bis bed, was the sworu
in its sheath.
George always bung it there at night,
so be could see it the moment he awoke;
bntevery morning he put it carefully away,
for it was dearer to him than all his books
and toys.
Just now there were two pretty silk flags
crossed and fastened above the sword, in
honor of Washington's birthday, while
still higher bung a framed portrait of the
Fatherof His Country.
George stood , admiring this decoration
for a minute, then, remembering bis
mother's letter, be slipped it into tbe
pocket of bis military coat, so that he
would not go out without it next morn
ing.
When morning came, however, he was
so .hurried and excited that he could
scarcely eat bis breakfast, but rushed out
of the house before his mother and grand
father had come downstairs, and never
once gave a thought to the letter until he
was marching witb some of his com
panions to the place of meeting and
chanced to pass the postoffice.
"Never mind," he thought, "I will post
it the very first chance I have."
When the chance arrived, however, and
be put bis band into his pocket the letter
j was gone. Lost! and bis mother bad
said it was important.
What was be to do? Just then the
drums began to beat, the boy soldiers fell
into ranks again, and the procession was
on ibe marcb.
It was a clear, crisp day and the streets
were lined with people; flags waved from
the bouses; every window showed eager
faces and fluttering handkerchiefs; the
band played stirring tunes; the crowds
cheered and the sunbeams glistened like
diamonds upon the snow.
It was no great wonder that George
again forgot bis mother's letter, for now
there appeared in sight the grand stand,
where the Mayor stood waiting to review
I the troops as they marched round tbe
j great statue of General Washington in tbe
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1897.
— °"»^r7T-,^»-—^lß^Ma|piW>Xl ll ■*i—*—*M-**f
square, raising their caps as they passed.
How delightful it all was!
George thought that if he could spend
his days marching about dressed in sol
dier's clothes be would ask for no better
occupation. How he would protect his
mother front* from everything: and oh,
bow proud she would be of her brave son I
He hoped the Mayor knew that there was
a George Washington in the procession —
the third soldier in the front rank of the
boy regiment
That evening at tea he talked of nothing
but the march, adding up the number of
miles be had walked, declaring that be
was not a bit tired, but would like to do it
all over again before bedtime, and telling
that the Mayor was reported to have said
that the juvenile regiment marched ad
mirably.
Directly tea was over he begged his
mother to put on her bonnet and cloak,
though tbe fireworks would not begin un
til 8 o'clock. Aunt Kate's bouse was di
rectly opposite the square, so they would
have a fine view of everything, and his
little cousins would be treated to a very
near view of a splendid uniform at the
same time. Very likely they would all
play games and dance quadrilles together
when the fireworks weie over, as they had
done at Christmas.
"Ob, do come, mother!" cried George.
I am sure it will take ever so long to get
down there — the streets are so
crowded."
Smiling at his eagerness, Mrs. Darrel
tooK up her bonnet and went over to a
j mirror which hung between the windows.
| Grandpa stood witb his back to the fire,
watchin.' George buckle on the broad,
: shiny, white belt which held the precious
sword.
"Oh !" said the old man, suddenly.
\ "How about that letter, George? Did you
j remember it?"
"Ye*— no— I forgot it— l mean that 1
J did not think of it this morning," stam
mered George in a very low tone, hoping
his mother would not notice w at was
said, and not daring to look up lest she
should read in bis face that he bad lost
her letter. He was so busy, therefore, ar
rang his sword that he did not see the
twinkle in his grandfather's eyes as the
latter continued:
"Then you did not post it, eh? '
"I — yes, I did, afterward," replied the
boy hurriedly, and a dead silence followed.
He knew that his mother had turned
toward him suddenly at bis last words,
and then his grandfather spoke again in
a shocked and disappointed tone of voice.
"I posted that letter myself. Your
mother and I agreed last night that you
would be likely to forget it; so I went to
your room after you were asleep and took
the letter out of your coat pocket. If we
had seen you this morning, we should
have told you."
George made no reply, for he could not,
and it seemed to bim as if no one was
ever going to speak again, the room was
so still, but at last his mother spoke.
"Father, you will have to go to Aunt
Kate's alone."
The old man walked slowly from the
room and t c front door was heard to
close behind him.
Then Mrs. Darrel spoke to George for
the first time, saying in a low, sad tone:
"George, my son, what have you done
with your Utile batchet?" If she had
scolded him and told bim that be was a
sneak and a coward, be could have borne
it, but the few words she had said meant
so much more.
He had resolved to imitate the great
Washington by being brave and manly,
and he had Deen afraid to speak the truth.
He was going to love and protect his
mother so gallantly, and now she was
stabbed to the heart by his falsehood. He
had read the "Life of Washington" again
and again and had forgotten the very first
chapter— that story of the little hatchet.
He tiad disgraced the sword of which he
was so proud.
Slowly and sadly he unfastened it from
his belt and laid it on the table by his
mother, and then, with a great lump
rising in his throat, he turned away with
out a word and went.up to his room.
The first thing he saw as he entered was
the little cardboard hatchet his grand
father had given him on his birthday, and
the next instant bis* eyes rested on the
crossed flags, beneath wbicb the sword be
longed. Then be took up tbelitle batchet
and fastened it below tbe flags. There it
remains to this 'day, and George bas neve
forgotten the lesson it taught him. — Gold
en Days.
PINS.
BY C. A. PABKEK IN 6T. NICHOLAS.
"Run down to the store, Susie, dear,
and get me two dozen clothes-pins,
please," said Mrs. Wynn one morning.
"Go just as quickly as you can. I am in
a great hurry.''
Susie put down her doll and rose rather
unwillingly.
'Oh, dear I" she said to herself. "I
wish I didn't have to go! It's so far, and
Dorothea needs her new dress this very
alternoon!"
But just then she caught sight of Lou
Arnold going by. Lou lived near the
store. iif??**!
Susie seized her hat and rushed out of
the door.
"Lou, w-a-i-tl" she screamed; and in a
few moments the two little girls were
hurrying along together, chattering like a
pair of magpies.
The way didn't seem at all Jong; but
when Susie bad bidden Lou good-by and
stepped into the store and Mr. Carr in
quired what she wanted she didn't know.
"Clothes-pins?" was Mr. Carr's next
inquiry.
"Let me see. Maybe that was what
mamma said. I don't quite think it was,
though."
"Can't you remember whether she said
a box, or a paper, or so many dozen?" he
asked.
'No; I can't remember anything but
just pins," she replied, mournfully.
"Well, then, I'm afraid you wilt have to
go borne and find out what is wanted,
won't you?" said Mr. Carr.
'I s'pose so," sighed tbe little girl;
"but mamma is in a norful hurry. I think
prob'ly she'll scold. She says I'm dre'ful
careless."
Mr. Carr thought a minute. He and
Susie were great friends, and he didn't
wish her to be scolded — even if she was
rather careless. He was sorry to have
.Mrs. Wynn annoyed by the delay, too;
so, as Susie started dejectedly for the door,
he called her back.
"Wait," he said ; "we'll try to manage
this affair."
He put some clothespins into a bag,
tben be took a paper of common pins and
WASHINGTON AND HIS MOTHER.
one of safety-pins, two hatpins and a box of
hairpins, and wrapped them up.
"It was some sort of pins," she said;
"but I aon't think it was just the com
mon kind. They had a first name, I'm
sure."
"Hairpins?" suggested Mr. Carr.
"Ob, yes; I guess it was. No; I don't
b'lieve it was hairpins, either."
Then he wrote a little no;c, which ran:
M*f Dear Mrs. Wynn: Susie says you are "in a
nori'.U hurry" for some kind of pins, but she
has forgotten just what kind; so, to save time,
I send you a variety to choose from, hoping
tne right sort may he among them.
I do not have tenpins or linchpins, and
will not send a breastpin or rolling-pin, as
Susie ls sure of just one thing, and that is that
you said pins. Yours very respectfully,
J. F. Carr.
"And here, miss," he said, severely,
"take this to help your memory," and he
handed her a stick of candy.
Susie's face beamed with joy and she
thanked him heartily as she ran off with
her parcels.
"What in the world ."exclaimed Mrs.
Wynn when she unrolled the paper.
•'Here's a letter that tells about it," said
Susie hastily, banding ber mother the
note. mWHm\t
Mrs. Wynn laughed as she read it, at
which the little girl looked greatly re
lieved.
"I'll remember next time, mamma,"
she said, nodding her bead wisely; "truly
I will."
Same Curious Facts.
m. **
One-quarter of all tbe people born die
before 6 years and one-half before tbey
are 16. '.'>'•
Some of the condors shot in the Andes
Mountains have a spread of wing from
fifteen to twenty feet. : 7 \~i ;--■',.''•
Copper wires are used for Mexican tele
graph lines, so that they will hold tbe
weight of the birds and monkeys that
crowd them at night. ,
The oldest book in the world is said to
bi tbe Papyrus Prisse in the National Li
brary at Pans, which is attributed to the
thirty- fourth century before Christ
The annual death roll of suicides at
Monte Carlo amounts on an average to
forty.
The Esquimaux give the doctor his fee
as soon as be comes. If the patient re
covers be keeps it, otherwise be re turns it
io the family.
Seltzer water derives its name from the
village of Lower Seltzer, in Nassau, where
several springs, united in one basin, yield
5000 cubic feet an hour of the sparkling
mineral water.
The air is clear at Arequipa, Peru.
From the observatory at that. place. 8.50
feet above the sea, a black spot one inch
in diameter placed on a white disk has
been seen on Mount Charcnani. a distance
of eleven miles, through a 13-inch tele
scope.—Popular Science Monthly.
Everything Backward..
The Chinese do everything the wrong
way, according to our views. Their com
pass points to the south instead of the
north.
The men wear skirts and the women
wear trousers; the men wear their hair
long, while the women coil theirs into a
knot.
The dressmakers are men, and women
carry the burdens.
The spoken language is not written, and
tbe written language is not spoken.
Books are read backward, and any notes
are inserted at the top.
Wbite is used for mourning, and brides
maids always wear black, and. instead of
being young maidens, are old women.
The Chinese surname comes first, and
they shake their own hand instead of the
band of the person introduced.
Vessels are launched side wise, and
horses are mounted from tho off side.
They commence their dinner with des
sert, and end with soup and fish.
Children's Savings.
Waynie, 5 years old, was engaged in
whittling and made a blister on bis hand
which made a slight break in the skin.
He ran to bis mother and in all earnest
ness said : "Mamma, I believe lam wear
ing out."
"Grandpa," said little Ted one Saturday
afternoon, "when we go to church to
morrow, mayn't I sit in the end of the
pew so as to hold you and grandma in all
safe?"
Willie — Mamma, they say history re
peats itself, don't they?
Mother— Yes, dear.
Willie — Well, why don't it repeat itself
when I'm trying to learn it?
Many a truth is spoken ungrammati
cally. "A gentleman," said a six-year
old, as reported in Good News, "is a
growed-up boy what used to mind his
mother." ' <
Cats can smell even during sleep. When
a piece of meat is placed immediately in
front of a sleeping cat's nose tbe nostrils
begin to work as the scent is received, and
an instant later the cat will wake up.
Amiable Mother — Here, Tommy, is
some nice castor oil with orange in it.
Doctor (playfully)— Now, remember,
don't give it ail to Tommy; leave some
for me.
Tommy (who has bad some before) —
Doctor's a nice man, ma; give it all to the
doctor.
"Say, father, why have all the pictures
got frames?"
"Why, my son, so that the artist may
know when to stop painting, of course."
Wit and Humor.
"So your son is in college, eh? I suppose
be intends to be a professional man."
"Yes, I presume so."
"What particular line does he seem to
favor?" V'y.
"Well, judging from the way he wears
bis hair I should think it must be music."
A clergyman, on a sultry afternoon,
paused in bib sermon and said: -,
"I saw an advertisement last week for
500 sleepers for a railway. I think I could
supply fifty, and recommend them as
tried and sound."
A preacher who was asked the cause of
bis impoverished condition said that it
was due to preaching so much without
notes.
What is an old lady in the middle of the
river like? Like to be drowned.
The stamp act: Applause in a theater.
"Who cAn tell me who George Washington
was?" said a teacher in a primary school. A
number of little hands waved eagerly. "Well,
Jimmy, you may tell me," said the teacher.
"He was the first prisoner of the United
States," answered Jimmy, proudly.
THE LETTER BOX
Calistoga, Napa County, Cal.,J
Feb. 2, 1897. )
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. lam acquainted with Eva Navone and
like reading her letteis very much. I am a
little girl, 11 years old. My father has taken
The Daily Call for three years and thinks it
is a tine paper. I enjoy reading the Child
hood's Realm. I have a little sister, 6 years
old, and her name is. Nellie. I go to a school
called the Bennett School, and am in the fifth
grade. My teacher's name is Miss Banta, and I
like her very much. We live on the Lake
County toll road, at the base of Mount St. He
lena. There has been snow on the top of the
mountain several times this winter. If this is
put in the paper I will write again some time.
I would like to belong to the C. R. C. Your
little friend, Edith Martin*.
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 2, 1897.
Dear Editor: This makes my third letter to
you and my second story, but the other story
must have found the wasiebasket, for I never
saw it printed. I hope this will not go after
it. I also send you some answers to the puz
zles. I hope you will print this in Sunday's
1 Call, as I wish to send it to my cousin in
I Europe, who went away January 7, 1897. She
likes to read the Childhood's Realm, and
wrote you a letter before going away. Her
name is Adele Mecchi. lam going to school.
We have three small fantatl pigeons. Good-by.
Your friend, Mabel C. Mecchi.
Camptonville, Cat, Feb. 3, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My father has just commenced to take
your nice paper. In last Sunday's paper 1 saw
an article about skeelng. and I am going to
tell you a little of what I know about that
sport. Up here it is as common as marbles or
tops down where you live. If a boy does not
know how to slide, run and walk on skees, and
does not own a pair, he is considered a baby.
Why, nearly every girl even, between 6 and 18,
has a pair. But to change the subject, I must
tell you I have one pet, a doit. He is part New
foundland and I call him Sport. My little sis
ter Alice has a pet kitten named Silver. But I
fear my letter is getting too long. I do hope
you will publish it. Please tell me what C. R.
C. stands for and how I may belong. I send
you a few puzzles and a story without words.
Good-by. Hartley E. Jackson,
9 years old.
Blue Canyon, Feb. 1, 1897.
Dear Editress and Readers: I promised in my
last letter that I should tell you about a big
black spaniel dog we have. His name ls Jet.
and he is very clever. He will be four years
old the llth of June. We usually keep him in
the yard, and he never attempts to get out.
There used to be a dog here that I think they
called a mastiff; he surely was as large as a
[ young lion, and was very vicious. The owner
| was told several times to put a muzzle on him
or he would bite some one. This dog olten
came to our gate, over which he would jump
and nearly tear ••Jet" to pieces. It was on ac
count of this dog that we kept ours in the
yard. At last the owner moved away, leaving
the do?. Soon he bit a child, and the little
one's father then killed the cross animal. One
night our dog made such a fuss papa allowed
him to go out the gate, and he disappeared
suddenly in tho brush. Next day the poor
thing came homo all tired out and hungry.
His coat, which is curly and long, was full
of burrs and stickers, and he could
scarcely walk. We round out from some men
that he had chased a deer nearly all night that
had come near the town looking for salt, prob
ably. Another time we took him for a swim,
for he loves the water very much. He could
not wait till we cot to the right place, but
plunged right into a flume, and the water car
ried him down so fast he could not get out,
and was at last thrown down the falls on to
the rocks. He was not hurt, but came up all
trembling and frightened. We think so much
of him we worried, fearlnc he might be hurt,
although he seemed all right and ready at any
time to go into the same ditch. When he was
about a year old he used to catch the little
chickens. One day papa punished him, and
he only needed the one lesson. Now all the
little chickens, the old ones and tbe cat may
eat out of his dish with him. He never has
been trained to do many tricks, but when he
is very hungry he comes into the house and
sits upon a chair, but does not beg or whine;
if there is no one in the . room he will
sit there till some one comes. He is
usually given a taste of something he likes,
and then he is satisfied. Besides his other
good qualities, he is a splendid watch dog, and
that is something one needs in this part of the
country, for tramps are many and trouble
some; they are afraid to come inside the yard;
his bark sounds so terrible it's enough to scare
any one. He never has bitten any one, how
ever. This is all I think I shall say to-day, and
hope It is not too lone. Some day I snail
write a real adventurous story that is quite
true. Please print my letter if there is room;
but don't crowd out any one else. Your little
reader. Retha Walpau (C. R. C).
San Francisco, February, 1897.
Dear Editress: J have been away in the
country for there weeks, and thought I should
let you know that I am at home again.
I thought to write to you while away In Sisson,
but neglected to post my letter. Papa, who is
a miner, wishes us to live in Sisson, but we
hate to leave dear old San Francisco. I love
the Childhood's Realm, and we have very ex
citing times on Sunday morning each trying**
to get The Call first. Since December we
have a new sister, and she is the only "native
daughter" among us. Alem and Carmelite
were born in Sydney &I »d Franklin and 1 in
Dublin. We are going to name her Dicyin in
honor of grandma, who had bJen married
h;ty-seveu years on babe's birthday. -
We like A. Crawford's suggestion for a
badge.
Please do not throw our letter into your
wasteDasket. for we wish some one dear and
true to us to see it. We remain lovingly
Patricia V. and Carmelite de'ferri.
Alameda, Feb. 8.
Dear Editress: This is my third letter to
The call and not one of them has been pub
lished, so please publish this one. On January
31 you talked to us about the snow. Well I
should think it was fun back East during the
winter months. I have been there, and oh,
how jolly it was to coast .town hill even when
we sometimes tumbled < ff. Oh, dear, we had
so much fun. I just wish I were there now.
Please send me a little badge when yon get
them for I am just a* anxious as I can be to bo
a member of tne C. R. C, and I send you a lit
tle piece. Your old reader, Ruth Sadler.
Blenheim. Cal., Feb. 2, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my third letter to The
Call. We are having no school now, as it is
vacation. I live on the shore of the Pacific
Ocean, and the tide was very rough a while
ago during the late storm. There is a log sta
tion about a quarter of a mile from where i
live. It is operated by steam. The steam
escaping blows a large whistle twice a minute.
I like "Childhood's Realm," and try to welt
patiently till Tuesday comes, as on that day
we get the Sunday's papers and letters.
As we only get the mail three times a week,
ot course my answers are always late, but I
enjoy trying to solve them. I do not succeed
all the time, as some I cannot get. I sent
them in correct once. I inclose a story which
I have written, and it will give me much
pleasure to see it among the other stories in "*
next Sunday's paper. I hope it will find its
way to "Childhood's Realm." Your little
reader, Lizzie M. Wienke (C. R. C.)
Igerna, Cal., Feb. 3, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my second letter to The
Call. 1 have five pets, a pony, a dog, a bird, a
cat and a calf. I named my little calf Major
McKinley. It has been raining here for two
or three days, but to-day It is very nice. I read
the children's page every Sunday and like it
very much. I send a story for you to print. I
should like to be a member of the C. R. C. ;
please tell me how. I should like to get ac
quainted with A. Crawford. Your friend,
Mamie Kellogg.
NEW PUZZLES.
I. What part of a house is like a car of doors?
Why is a mouse like grass ?
Why can all engines hear ?
Ariel Will (C. R. C).
11. To the head of a cat add the head of a rat,
then the tail of your kite and the heart of a
man, and last ada the heart of a miss, and
you'll have a dainty dish.
P. AND C. de FERRI (0. R. C).
111. Behead a fruit and have an organ ot the
body.
IV. My 1 is in money, but not in cash;
l-'i My 2is in meat, but not in hash;
My 3 is in friendship, not in love;
My 4 is in stocking, but not in glove;
My 5 is in crescent, but not in crown;
My 6 in comedian, but not in clown.
My whole is a river of California.
Sydney Schmidt (C. R. C).
V. Hidden fruits:
(a) They are spearing salmon here.
(6) There were a great many figures on th*
paper.
(c) The plumes of the hat were quite pretty.
Robert Lincoln (C. R. C).
VI. A diamond:
A consonant X
A period of time— XXX
Commerce— X X X X X
A girl's name— XXX
A vowel X
Words correspond, down and across. J
VII. Word square: '
Frozen water.
A part of the neck.
Public
A part of the verb "to go."
 Hartley E. Jackson (C. R. C).
VIII. Wnat two words in the English lan
guage contain the five vowels in the same
order as they stand in the alphabet ?
Mary A. Horn (C. R. C).
IX Hidden parts of the body:
(a) The boy would make a fine artist.
(b) The teacher said the boy had no sense,
(c) The tramp was to eat all.
(ci) The bazaar made money.
le) The little girl was lame.
'X. Hog, rat, wing, seen. go.
! From the above words form the name of a
hero. * b v ••'",*/ . .
AnsWers for February 14.
- 1. . : ! ■ ■ ■ p
•KID
IN COG
PICTURE
PLUCK
URN
E
11. Word square.
AMENDS
MINION
ENABLE
NIBBLE
DOLLAR
SNEERS
111. His comb.
IV. (a) Because he shrinks from washing.
(b) A button is a small event that is always
coming off.
! - V. Well— swell. •
VI. Near, dear, fear, hear, tear, rear and
sear. . ;"r.'.'-y -.■•. ,'.*-
VII. Discrimination. . Dis - disc -scrim -rim.
Mina-Na*. nation-ion. "... ::;.
VIII. Wampum was made of bits of shell by
the Indians. They bared a hole through with
a sharpened stone. They used it in trade and
for decorating their persons. The laborious
method of making It made it valuable. The
Introduction of machinery. , V
IX. H. W. Longfellow. V
X. Charles Dickens was born on February J
7,1813. ; ;<*
/\r\sWers JteceiVed.
Answers for February 14 have been received
from the following members of C. R. C. : Fred
Anthes, R«»tha Waldan.
• For February 7— Fred Anthes, Ida Wight
man, Ella R. Hartnell, Alma Sea.
For January 31— Theodore Joos, Jessie Har
kin.
Answers from non-members for February
7— Nita C. Fahey, Emma Hollenbeck.
y\r\sWers to Correspondents.
Carrie Gonsalves: Mistakes often happen.
L. Gardner: Contribute to our page.
C. H.Owens: Your desien was too late. I
shall keep it for the Fourth of July.
Communications Acknowledged.
Besides letters published pleasant communi
cations have been received from those whose
names follow :
Mary A. Horn (C. R. C), Genevieve Seng
stacker, Charles Hamilton Owens, Ollmpia
Lafranchi, F.orine Hart, Lottie May Ward,
Jennie Hills, Millie Schmidt, Hattie E. Bor
ger, Sallie Noaks, Theodore Joos (C. R. C),
Nita C. Fahey, Ethel Shoup, Sadie McGlnnis,
Carrie Mills. Mrs. F. M. Wertz, Emma Hollen
beck, Tom Allen Bitlier, Madellna Lagomar
sino, Lizzie Gardner, Mrs. E. J. Cafferty, Philo
Mobley, Retha Waldan (C. R. C), Edith
Waldan (C. R. C), W. W. Anderson, Jennie
McCaughin, Ella Jegerson, Coruie L. Bartiett
(C. R. C), Vera Chlsholm, Olive Heyden, Lillie i
McKee (C. R. C). I
Among Our Exchanges. . \
An interesting short story by William Black
appears in the latest Issue of Harper's Round
Table.
A beautifully illustrated article by our own
Theodore Wores, dealing with Chinese New
Year in San Francisco, is one of the chief at
tractions of the February St. Nicholas
Bright number of Golden Days has come t«
hand, lull of good stones. >
■JWa&KM* Mil ■■■in...,. DEATH BESTRIDES THIS BIKE
M Bayonets Bristle From Its Front-- J\ JMarVel
'•; ous Motor Cycle That Seems Capable
..;'"•'■ of Armihilatirvg a Small Army
$F\fj MOTOR bicycle has just been in
• I^W& vented by a French genius which
•*i\J*i* promises to prove one of the most
formidable adjuncts to an army in conflict
' which has been crested fora number ol
year?.' Competent military authorities,
. who .have given the machine and the idea
of the inventor careful consideration, de
clare that a company of soldiers mounted
on these cycles could inflict more damaee
' upon the enemy, provided the conflict did
..not occur in a mountainous country, than
four companies of infantry equipped in
the regulation fashion could accomplish.
So notable is the impression that the
motor cycle has made in France that the
. French Minister of War. together with a
military commission made up of the most
thoroughly ported officers of the army of
France, is seriously considering giving the
: 'new invention the sanction of tbo Govern
ment and equipping several companies of
the army with tne machine. No definite
" decision in the matter is likely to be an
nounced for several weeks, for the most
careful study is being made of the cycle
and the ideas set forth by the inventor re
garding what it can accomplish. It is
• hinted, however, that all things point to
the decision being of a favorable nature,
and the adoption of the machine as a reg
. ular feature of the French army may
(therefore be considered more than prob
able.
There have been many experiments
with the bicycle in the armies of Europe,
" and the military authorities of no nation
have taken more interest in the machine
and its development than those of France.
I While it is only within the past year that
. any fixed effort has been made in the
.•United States army to test the value of
. the bicycle as a method for conveying a
soldier from place to place, both in com
pany form and as a dispatch-bearer, our
' French compatriots have been experi
menting with the wheel from a military
s tandpoint for more than five years. It is
" noteurprising, then, that this somewhat
startling addition to the merits of the
wpeel that genius has made should be the
' emanation of a French mind.
•. . Now as to the motor cycle itself. It is,
as the accompanying illustration shows,
. in. form and principle like unto the motor
: cycle with which we are all more or less
familiar. There are, however, one or two
important exceptions, the most notable of
these, so far as the operation of the ma
chine is concerned, being that the rider
steers the cycle with his feet, the handle
bar, or lather the substitute for it, being
adapted to a totally different pur
. pose. The motor, the impelling force of
' tire cycle, is located just forward of the
rear wheel and is of sufficient size to in
sure ' a satisfactory rate of speed. The
small tank which carries the fuel which
supplies the motor contains an ample
quantity to guarantee at least a days
journey without replenishing. The in
ventor claims that the machine will easily
' make, over a fairly rough country, from
HOW THE NEW GASOLINE WAR WHEELS WOULD APPEAR IN ACTION.
twelve to fifteen miles an hour, and be
lieves that with good roads, unimpeded, it
would do even better than this.
Perhaps the most notable feature of the
cycle is the row of bayonets attached to
a transverse bar, which is supported by a
heavy steel rod that runs forward from
the frame of the machine. As the illus
tration- shows, the bayonets extend for
ward sufficiently to clear the machine en
tirely, and to be without an impediment
to penetrate whatever the rider may
charge at. In place of tbe handle-bars is
a curved gun-rest, which may be moved
upward to suit the desire of the rider.
Every rider is supposed to be armed with
a repeating rifle, and it will be under
stood that from the fact that be can steer
tiie' machine with his feet, be is left en
tirely free to use the weapon — as unin
cumbered as he would be if he were
• standing on the ground, like the ordinary
infantryman of to-day.
'Such a combination as this, the French
'officers' argue, would be almost irresist
ible. A charge by a company mounted
on these cycles would practically be one
of those most dreaded events in a battle,
# la bayonet conflict and a heavy fire Irom
J liemen combined. Every wheelman
'■knows bow expert a rider of a motor
/cycle can become in maintaining the
equilibrium of his machine against both
"ordinary and extraordinary shock. It
* would take more than mere contact with
a movable body to upset a rider of a
motor cycle.
• It has been a favorite argument of the
opponents of the bicycle for army use that
' the machine could never be utilized ex- j
cept for purely transportation purposes,
and that, therefore, they were in a great
measure an incumbrance to an army in
the field. In tim ■* of battle, it was alleged,
they were of no value whatever. The in
vention of this Frenchman seems to re
move this objection entirely. In fact it
has lifted the wheel out of the rut of op
probrium into which it had fallen and
placed it among the most effective sources
of carnage that is at the modern military
commander's beck and call.
Tbe bicycle itself has won its way to
permanent fame and usage as a vehicle for
the conveyance of a dispatch-bearer. It is
no exaggeration to say that for years to
come, or until there had been a war be
tween civilized nations to give proof, the
use of the wheel for transporting troops
would have been a bone of contention
over which military officers would have
argued incessantly. As it is, the motor
cycle has solved tbe problem.
It might be said by quibblers that the
new cycle is not up to date because the
motive power is gasoline rather than elec
tricity. This is unfair, because electricity
for such use — for bicycles or motor cycles
is only in the experimental stage. While
it is true that there is sufficient power te
be obtained by electricity to drive the
motor cycle or any other machine, there
confronts one the old problem of the
storage battery. This latter has never
proved successful for * continued pro-,
pulsion. The motor cycle for war must
ba run on a basis of absolute cer
tainty. This is why, M. Francois L'Her
eaux, the inventor, says gasoline was used
by him.
The method of conveying an amount of
gasoline sufficient to supply the various
machines is as thoroughly modern as the
machines themselvos. It is a tank, very
much like those with which we are all
familiar, mounted upon a horseless wagon,
which is also drived by a gasoline motor.
It is the intention to recharge the motor
cycles each day, as it has been estimated
that the ordinary tank which forms part
of the machine contains just about a
sufficient amount of gasoline to supply
the motor for one day's travel, the highest
estimated rate of speed being tbe basis of
calculation.
Only one of the warlike motor eye'es
has been constructed as yet. If M.
L'Hereaux's invention is adopted, it will
be manufactured by the French Govern
ment only.
J\ Queen's Quests.
Concerning Queen Victoria' 3 entertain
ment of "dine and sleep" guests at Wind
sor Castle this winter, a London corre
spondent of an exchange writes: These
visitors, who are invited by the master of
the household, arrive about 6 o'clock in
the evening, and they assemble in the
corridor (every one in full dress) at 8:30,
when the lord in waiting settles the order
in which the company are to go in to
dinner. The Queen enters from her own
apartments exactly at 8:45, with the
Princesses and the lady in waiting, and
tbe party at qpee proceeds to dinner in the
oak room, tfhich adjoins the corridor.
The conversation at the banquet is not
lively, her Majesty strictly confining her
remarks to general subjects, such as art,
literature, music and scenery. Any allu
sion to political or personal topics »is ab
solutely prohibited.
After dinner the Queen and ladies retire
to one of the drawing-rooms (there are
three— the white, the green and the red),
which open out of the corridor, where '
they are speedily joined by the men of '
the party. Formerly the Queen went
round the circle, saying a few simple and
pleasant things to each person, but now
her Majesty does not leave her seat, and
the guests are taken up to her in fours by
the lady-in-waiting and the lord-in-wait
ing, after which she retires to her rooms
with the Princesses (if any are present),
and the company finish the evening with
music and whist. The guests' apartments
are very comfortable, with large baths
and capital fires. Smoking is strictly for
bidden except in the smoking-room,
whicb is far removed from the Queen's
own part of the castle. In the morning
guests breakfast either in their own rooms '
or with the household-in-waiting, after
which they take their departure.
In Brazil, at the funeral of an unmar
ried woman, the mourning color is scar
lot. The coffin, the hearse, the trappings
of the horses and tbe livery of the driver
are all scarlet. -p.: y -c- -,,;.*-. . .••,,-. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
THE IDEAL BUILDING OF THE FRENCH ARTIST.
FISH, LIKE CHAMELEONS, CHANGE COLOR
Singular Discovery Regarding the Finny Jribe— By the Fierce
Qlare of an Electric Light professor Verrill VieWs a Sight
Strange to Human Eyes
fg|f ROF. A. E. VERRILL, whose la
\fi£j} bor9 wlth the United States
jL\^ Fish Commission have made bis
name familiar to all those wbo
are interested in piscatorial investigation,
announces tbe remarkable fact that fish
nre not the same color at night as during
the day. Sometimes, be says, fish can
change color at will.
Tbese statements, coming from a man of
Professor Verrill's ability anl repu
tation, are of the most absorb
ing interest to the public in gen
eral, for they reveal accomplish
ments that few if any laymen knew fish
possessed. The scientist's investigations
were principally conducted at night by
the aid of electric light, bis observations
being confined to the inhabitants of an
aquarium, comprising a collection which*
included a large variety of those fish
with which we are familiar, all of us, be
sides a number of strange creatures not at
all unusual so far as tbeir existence is con
cerned, but infrequent candidates for pub
lic attention.
The time of observation was generally
between tho hours of midnight and 9 a. m.,
and Professor Verrill was always alone. The
lights were so arranged that while suffi
ciently bright to enable the investigator
to see clearly through the water in the
tank, enabling him to distinguish without
difficulty exactly what the fish looked
like, it was not sufficiently bright to cause
the fish to swim about. It was the pro
fessor's desire to observe the fish while as
quiet as possible, the quieter tbe better.
The conditions mentioned were the only
ones by which this could be accomplished.
A sudden jar of the floor or an unex
pected movement of any kind would set
the finny prisoners in motion, so keen is
their sense of sound, so alert are they to
detect tbe presence of even the slightest
thing that may mean danger.' However,
Professor Verrill succeeded in observing
the appearance of many fish while asleep,
for not only did be thus discover curious
color changes, but learned that they slum
bered in the strangest attitudes.
Thoroughly familiar with the appear
ance of the fish in the daytime it was very
easy for Professor Verrill to detect the
changes tbat bad transpired during the
time which had elapsed since daylight had
faded away. Particularly noticeable was
the change in the color and markings of
tbe flounders. These fish, as all anglers
know, lie upon tbe bed of tbe ocean, and
nature has kindly colored them so that it
is exceedingly difficult todistinguish them
from the ground on which they lie. There
are several of the large fish that consider
flounders a particular dainty and if it
were not for the fact that the flounder and
the ocean's bed are about the same color
it is more than likely that the flounder
would be an exceedingly rare fish.
The specimens of tbis variety of fish in
tie aquarium were noticed by Professor
Verrill to have become spotted and mot
tled in what seemed to be dark pigment,
the strong resemblance to the ground
color was lost entirely, and their markings
stood out as vividly almost as do those of
the fresh- water perch. It was also noticed
that several species of minnows which in
the daytime seemed to be merely of a
dart almost blackish color, were by night
marked by either longitudinal or trans
verse bands of a much deeper color than
that which characterized the tiny fish by
daylight. This statement also holds good
of tbe kingfisb, whose dark stripes
traverse it obliquely. Then there was the
black sea bass and that peculiar-looking
fish known as the sea robin, which ex
hibited changes very like unto those men
tioned. It was also noticed tbat a number
of specimens of trout that were fairly
light colore in the daytime grew to be
almost black at night.
It must be thoroughly understood that
the light given by the electricity did not
in any way canso the colors of the fish to
change. Professor Verrill had this light
so shine as to produce the effect, so far as
accurately distinguishing the colors is
concerned, as if he had been gazing at the
aquarium in broad daylight. If this were
Dot vouched for by so thorougbly reliable
an authority as the investigator the cyni
cal zoologist would be very apt to question
the statement. Coming from Professor
Verrill, however, as these facts do, they
are beyond question.
Other fish than those mentioned show
infinitely more remarkable changes. Take
the scup, or, as it is often termed, the
porgy. This fish is usually of a silvery
color, bright and teeming with delicately
iridescent tints. It reminds one of the
beautifully colored fish one sees in the
tropical streams and in the ocean off cer
tain portions of the South American con
tinent and the islands that dot the sea in
the vicinity of the torrid zone. It is, in
fact, one of the most beautiful fish that
swim in northern waters. Yet, when it
sleeps, in tbe nighttime, it becomes of a
dull bronze brown color, and is marked by
transverse black bands. It is difficult to
imagine a greater change in appearance.
So far as color is concerned one would not
know it was the same fish at all.
In connection with this fact it was
strange in tbe extreme to observe the
awakening of this fish and its results. To
test this fact Professor Verrill suddenly
turned on the light with greater force. In
the twinkling of an eye the porgy re
sumed its daylight appearance. The
power to make this change in color is
really a very great protection to the
porgy, which rests a great share of the
time in the eel grass and seaweed that
cover portions of the ocean's bed. Natur
rally there is a difference in the appear
ance in tbis growth of nature during the
day and at night, and the porgy changes
color accoidinpiy.
Another fish whose color pattern
changes at night very greatly is that dis
disagreeable-looking creature known as
the filefish. Under ordinary circum
stances it is of blackish color, spotted with
brown and olive-green patches. Both fins
and tail are dhrker than the body. When
the file sleeps it turns almost white in
color, although fins and tail become black
as jet. The file sleeps on the bed of the
ocean, leaning up against something, for
all the world like the man without a home.
Inasmuch aa the file lives among tbe rocks
and weeds, its changeable color enables it
to frequently be practically invisible.
President Cleveland's favorite catch,
the tautog, is dark on one side and light
colored on the other. When it goes to
sleep on its s de, for it slumbers lying as
a fish on a marble slab in tbe market, the
color of the exposed side becomes so dark
as to make it practically nndistingulsh
able from the ground on which it is sleep
ing. The • squid, the monster that is
dreaded and bated*alike by the real and
the amateur fisherman, sleeps resting
on the tip of its tail and the basic portion
of those deadly arms that wind about its
victim and drag him to one of the most
frightful of deaths. In color the squid is
darker when asleep end its ugly spots
show with remarkable distinctness. Its
peculiar position when sleeping is ovi
dently to give the monster breathing
room, for its head and the anterior por
tion of its body are raised from tbe
ground.
The accompanying illustration shows
tha method which Professor Verrill
adopted to take the observations which
have resulted in securing so many inter-
I esting facts. These investigations de
veloped more strongly than most of us
! realize how thoroughly nature strives to
protect the smaller fish from the depre
dations of their big and cannibalistic
brethren. In every instance where those
J changes of color were noted it was ascer
i tamed tbat they were for the purpose of
; enabling the fish to render itself almost
invisible to even the keen-eyed big
brother who sought hi» for an evening,
noonday or morning meal. Each fish has
its peculiar haunts. Rarely are they just
alike. That is why it is that tbe color
ings of tbe fish differ so greatly.
Even at the bottom of the sea there is
considerable difference between night and
day. What may be bright and sparkling
at certain periods during the twenty-four
hours undergoes a considerable change at
another time. ' The fish that linger among
certain kinds of growth at the ocean's
bottom, the bottom of the lake or river
wonld be easily discernible oftentimes at
night if nature had not so made them that
• they could change color with their sur
roundings. It all seems very wonderful,
and yet the more one investigates the
more he sees that not a single change
j takes place without a cogent reason there
for.
In discussing the facts which his in
vestigations brought to bis attention,
Professor Verrill stated that he consid
ered he had but made a beginning and
that he hoped to induce other naturalists
and zoologists to continue the study he
bad just inaugurated. It will thus be
seen that as eminent authority as there is
believes that there is a mine of informa
tion in this line of investigation, that
wonders of which even science has not
dreamed may be revealed by painstaking
experiment and careful study. The whole
line of discovery goes to show that Dame
Nature has surprises for the world every
day and that though it should exist in
terminab'e centuries the surprises would
be equally numerous.
It is very likely, scientists who are par
ticularly interested in this line of investi
gation say, that Professor Verrill 's advice
about continuation of experiments will be
favorably considered by the United States
Government.
I KrvoW My LoVe Is True.
I know my love is true.
And, oh, the day ls fairl
Tbe sky ls clear and blue,
The flowers are rich of hue,
The air I breathe is rare,
I have no grief or care;
For my own love is true.
And, ob, the day ls fair I
My love is false, I find,
And, oh, the day is dark;
Blows sadly down the wind,
While sorrow holds my mind;
I do not near the lark,
For quenched is life's dear spark
My love is false, I find,
And, oh, the day is dark I
For love doth make the day
Or dark or doubly bright;
Her beams along the way
Dispel the gloom and gray.
She lives and all is bright.
She dies end life is night;
For love doth make the day,
Or dark or doubly bright.
Paul Laurence Dunbar, In Lyrics of Lowly
Life. "-^ ;
A Relic Returned.
The Louisburg cross, captured at the
siege of Louisburg, in colonial times,
stored for a generation or two in tbe cellar
of the Harvard Library, set up finally
outside of that building, and stolen some
what more tban a year ago, to tbe scan
dal of the university, has been re
turned. It was found on January
5 hanging to the doorknob of the li
brary, and with it a note, of which at this
writing the authorities have not disclosed
the purport. Tbe loss of the cross was
greatly lamented, and its recovery will
excite proportionate enthusiasm, albeit it
is very much what might ' have been ex
pected, since the cross has no intrinsic
valne and- must have been stolen for senti
mental reasons or temporary use. — Har
per's Weekly.
The finest needles are about 1 inch in
length. A needle for sewing with coarse
thread is from 1% to 2 inches in length. "
A BUILDING FOR THE FAIR SEX
JKe Most Striking Structure EVer Planned
for Woman— lt Will Be Modeled /\fter
a'Gomposite Photograph
I^.iyHAT is probably the most strik-
El M'Ty in - r an for a building which
•tM/M^ ha 3 been conceived in many
years has just been submitted to the com
mission of tbe Exposition Universale at
Paris. Tbe architect proposes that the
woman's building of the great fair shall
be constructed in the. form of a woman's
bead and neck, the model therefor being
a photograph taken from a composite
arrangement made up from photographs
of the most beautiful women obtainable.
Jhe exterior of the statue-building. will,
if it is constructed, certainly he so unique
ns to practically excel in the matter of
attracting attention all other architectural
features of the exposition. The plans of
the architect are in brief as follows: The
statue will in no sense be so constructed
as to have tbe appearance of just a plain,
every-iiay wooden building in strange
mold. Every effort will be bent toward
the effect of a living head, one which
seems almost to breathe. Beneath the
layer of thin wood upon which tbe paint
covering tbe face will be placed it is the
intention to arrange a number of very
powerful electric lights. -Vy
The wood referred to will be of some
variety which is not opaque and tbe
electric lights of sufficient force to send
through the wood and paint a. soft glow.
With this arrangement it is believed the
face will shine at. night, not in a glaring
way, but in a degree that will be both
beautiful and picturesque. The eyes will
be particularly striking at night,-* as the
pupils are to consist 01 powerful electric
arc lights. The hair of the statue will be
made as life-like as possible. In color it
will be of a dark brown shade and will
consist of strands of rope as fine as can
be used which will stand exposure to the
weather. Crowning this hair will be a
wreath, to be constructed in the form of
that very familiar adornment of the God
dess of Liberty.
Tbe entrance to the statue will be at tbe
base of the neck, and its height sufficient
to warrant tbe arrangement in the order
of a four-story building. On tbe first floor
it is intended the reception-rooms shall be
located. Tbese are to be elaborately deco
rated witb designs, in which women are
to be the central figures. It is intended
tbey shall be selected from the works sub
mitted by the very best artists who can
be induced to enter into competition lor
the same. In class decoration of this na
ture it has been the custom in the past, to
accept designs which aro practically an
cient subjects utilized in as effective man
ner as possible, the ancient classical fig
ures being preferred. It is intended in
this instance, however, that a design, in
order to bo worthy of acceptance or even
consideration, must be entirely original
and altogether unlike the stereotyped
forms that have become so familiar to ail
to whom art and artists are not strangers.
Not only will the walls of the reception
rooms be decorated in this manner, but
the ceiling given as careful attention. In
every instance the design will not only be
appropriate to the building, but to the
room in which it is used. In fact, every
The Strange Denizens or the lank Underwent a Complete i ransformation.
effort will be made to preserve throughout
tbe structure the roost absolute harmony
in furnishing, coloring and decoration, at
the same time avoiding anything like a
similarity or sameness that would tire the
eye rather than refresh. .
The second story will be mostly taken
up by a large hall, in which lectures will
be delivered by various feminine celebri
ties, meetings of the different societies of
women that may gather in Paris and vari
ous events of that sort take place. On this
same flocr also will be the offices of the
Woman's Commission that is in charge
of the building. -^ r 1 >'?'f
The third story will consist of retiring
rooms for women visitors to the exposi
tion, who wish to rest from their journey
ing about. There will be two large rooms
filled with couches and easy chairs, and
these will be Open to j the use of any and
all ladies who may visit the exposition,
in addition to this, it is intended that
there shall be a number of bedrooms,
plainly but very comfortably furnished
each with a bath attached, supplied with
hot and cold water. ' The rooms will not
be large, but of sufficient size to avoid
anything like the stuffy effect that is gen
erally the principal feature of a small
room. These rooms^v lll be given to the
use of those who pay therefor a nominal
fee, just enough to cover the cost of keep-'
ing tbem in order. They will be let to no
one for any length of time, as it is not the
intention to have lodgings in tho building.
On the fourth floor will be situated Ihe
restaurant and kitchen, which, it is pro
posed, shall be model'-. The kitchen will
be open to inspection of visitors, and it is
the intention to have- in use therein the
most modern 'appliances for cooking and
chefs to whom the A Cs and tbe higher
classics of the culinary art shall be as
familiar as the outer atmosphere. There
will be competent persons on hand to ex
plain to the visitors anything they may
wish to Know regarding the cooking and
appliances. It is intended that the piices
of this restaurant shall be very moderate
indeed. And very non-European cus
tom will prevail of forbidding tips to the
waitresses, for, of course, no one will be
employed about the building who belongs
to the sterner sex if it is possible to avoid it.
All these are rather unusual things for an
architect to consider, but not only has M.
Joseph Germain planned the structure,
but so enthusiastic is he over his idea tbat
he has include in bis documents submit
ted to the French Commission all the de
tails quoted here.
Of course there will be plenty of light
and air in this strangest of structures, but
the windows are to be of peculiar shape
and so constructed as to leave unmarrea
tho contour of the face and In no way de
tract from tbe general appearance of the
statue. In fact, the architect claims that
every detail will be attended to so care
fully that the usual appearance of haste,
which has marred so many structures,
will be entirely absent here. He believes
tbat the artistic effect will be so thor
oughly maintained that the whole struc
ture will be the wonder of the world and
the delight of the entire profession of
artists.
The promenade arranged on the figure
is perhaps its most unique feature, in a
way. Tbe wreath that rests with seeming
lightness upon the crown of the statue's
head is divided into two sections. These
sections are about thirty or thirty-five feet
apart and the intervening space consti
tutes the promenade. The entrance to
this is from the restaurant, and openings
will be made through tbe material which
composes the wreath on each side that
will admit of full advantage of the view
being taken. No refreshments will be sold
here, as anything of that sort can be ob
tained in the restaurant.
The chief difficulty in carrying out the
ideas suggested by the artist is in obtain
ing photographs of the beauties of all na
tions as be desires. From the best of
these he would have taken a composite
photograph. Ib is his intention, should
his idea receive official approval, to at
once send requests to the authorities in
the larger cities of different countries,
asking them to co-operate with the expo
sition officials in securing pictures of the
most beautiful women known in tbe vi
cinity of the residence of the person ad
dressed. When all photographs desired
are received, it is the idea of M. Qermaine
to have a committee of artists appointed
— a beauty committee — who shall decide
from which pictures tbe composite photo
graph used as the statue's model shall be
made up. This committee will bave one
month in which to inspect the counter
feit presentments of beauty, and make its
decision. The architect declares that tbe
result cannot fail to be pleasing in the ex
treme.
, The photographs thus secured are to be
by no means permitted to waste their
loveliness in unappreciated seclusion, but
utilized in adding to the beauty of the
surroundings in the reception-rooms on
the first-* floor. Certain it is that if the
plan were carried out it would likely re
sult in a collection such as no one ever
saw before. '"^y'y
Tbe whole Idea is declared by tbe expo
sition authorities to be the most unique
thus far submitted. Whether it will be
adopted or rejected. as too chimerical no
one seems to know. ' It' is, however, being
carefully considered.
Jhey J\rz Gomrades.
Two inseparable comrades, both mem
bors of the Loyal Legion, are General H.
S. Huidekoper and State Senator Francis
A. Osbouru. Both are veterans of the
Civil War, in which unpleasantness
each lost an arm. But while General
Huidekoper is minus bis right arm,
Senator Osbourn mourns tho loss of bis
left. For years it has been the practice
of the two veterans to make one pair of
gloves do for both. Whenever the general
purchased a new pair be invariably sent
tbe right glove to the Senator, and when
the Senator invested tbe general would
get the leit glove. Up to last Monday
the Senator hadn't received a glove from
the general for about a year, and had con
cluded that his old friend was getting par;
simonious, when a package was handed to'
him in his seat at Harrisburg. On open
ing the bundle the Senator was overjoyed
to find a right-hand glove. — Philadelphia
Record.
The flying squirrel is 6 inches in length.
His "wings" are merely thin membranes
connecting the fore and hind legs.
2728
THE
STAGE
The San Francisco public has turned its
back on the legitimate, and has shown its
preference for Bowery drama. There is
no knowing what will be the result of this
frivolity. Possibly when the public gets
a change of heart and yearns for "Ham
let," "Othello" and "Julius Caesar" it
may be answered with, "Too late, here
after frivolities will be thy portion, the
classic drama shall know thee no more."
The long rows of empty red. plush seats
which have been so conspicuous a feature
of Louis James' season at the Baldwin
are not San Francisco's first offense
against the legitimate. These rows of
empty seats were a feature of Frederick
Warde's last season and of the seasons
of several other eminent tragedians who
have rent the echoes of the Baldwin.
These tragedians have not returned lately
and it is said that Louis James is the one
star tragedian the management put on its
list for the present season, and he was an
experiment. The red plush seats have
spoken more plainly than words. The de
mand for star tragedians and for the le
gitimate is duller than ever.
One thing may be said in palliation for
San Francisco, and that is star tragedians
are too fond of shining alone, and most of
the legitimate drama, alas! was written
in the days when the star system had not
dawned on the minds of enterprising
managers, so that the plays do not fit
into the present way of performing them.
There were no featured stars in Shakes
peare's days. The immortal William him
self did not crave to play Hamlet; he
acted the ghost, and was pot featured in
the role. They have changed ah that
since then. Nowadays Shakespeare would
be compelled to act ihe Prince of Den
mark, and the press agents would be
booming the performance as, "The actor
author, William Shakesp are, in his im
mortal rendering of Hamlet-"
No doubt Shakespeare thought the
ghost, in his way, deserved just as artistic
and conscientious a rendering as Hamlet.
Theater-goers are very much of that way
of thinking still, beguile them as you will.
They generally refuse to pay their money
to make astronomical observations of one
big, lone star. They would rather see
smaller stars and more of them. The
worst of it is that actors can seldom be
brought to see that nothing pleases the
public so much as a good all-round per
formance. As soon as they become lu
minous enough to become visible to
tne naked eye they want to star alone.
The list ol people who are about to star the
coming season is positively appalling, and
the cry is "still they come."
"America's representative actor," as
James' press agent delights to call him, is
remarkably gifted, but he is not such an
astronomical phenomenon that tie can
illumine Shakespeare's dramas entirely by
his own presence inthe cast; I doubt if
any living actor can do that. Henry Irving
does not attempt it. James' niDuort is
'neither strikingly good, nor strikingly
there's the rub, there is nothing
striking about it. Now and then some
part happens to suit one of the actors and
he glimmers a little, but the next night
his light fails again. Cantos Quinby, for
instance, is a fairly good Michael Cassio,
but his King Claudius gives one the im
pression that the king's valet ia masquer
ading in his master's purple and fine
linen. One of the most reliable and artis
tic members of the company Is William
Sprague, who seems to have a special pre
dilection for shining as the heavy father.
Miss Alma Kruger is picturesque, and that
is all one can say in favor of the female
side of James' support.
Bu*{ with all these extenuating circum
stances, it was too bad of San Francisco to
leave so many of those plush seats vacant
James is such a genial actor, and invests
each part he plays with such a magnetic
and unobtrusive personality that one can
see him in every character of his reper
tory and never be oppressed with a feeling
of sameness. My parting wishes for him
are that he will come back next season,
leaving "Spartccus" on the dusty shelf
where he found it, that he will have added
to his company by at least one actress
who can really act. and that San Fran
cisco will have experienced a change ol
heart toward the legitimate drama.
Marie Evsltn.
BaldWirv Theater.
James A. Heme begins his three weeks'
engagement to-morrow evening, when he
will appear in his successful comedy
drama, "Shore Acres." The scenes of this
play are ail laid on the Maine coast, where
Mr. Heme, the author, spent severa
months studying the peculiarities of thel
people whom tin has transplanted to the
stage. The plot, it is stated, was suggested
by an incident in real life.
Heme impersonates an old New England
farmer, and there are nearly thirty other
character parts in the piece and a number
of children aid in unraveling the plot.
Among the players supporting the star
are Robert Fischer, James T. Galloway,
David M. Murray, Franklin Garland,
Alden Bass, James V. Dailey, Guy Cramer,
Alexander Paul. A. L. Koster. Allen Crolius
and Miss Grace Gayler Clark, Miss Lucy
Morrow, Miss Eliotf%Enneking, MissCelia
Clay Paul, Miss Emily Wakeman, Mis.
Lottie Hanna, Mi-s Gladys Crolius, Miss
Lizzie Barriscale and Miss Edith Talia
ferro. There will be some novel mechan
ical effects. . ■
. Golumbia Theater.
Fanny Rice and her company of singing
comedians will open to-morrow night in
"At the French Bali," a play wbich con
tains plenty of laughter, pathos/mirth
and song. *Vi-'
t In the third act, when- the French ball
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1897.
scene occurs, the Phoite Pinaud troupe
will appear in acrobatic feats on the line
of those practiced by the Majiltons.
The company includes: George Brod
erick, basso, formerly with DeWolf Hop
per; Jobn S. Jerry, tenor, late of the Lil
lian Russell Opera Company; Charles H.
Drew, comedian, formerly with the Bos
tonians; John Conley, comedian, of Don
nelly and Girard. Nat Goodwin and Fran
cis Wilson Company; Miss Kate Miehe
lena, soprano, laic with "Robin Hood";
Bicknell and Haigbt, from Hummer
stein's Olympla; Frank E. Morse, late
with Hoyt's Chinatown Company; Miss
Beckie Haigbt, formerly with Nat Good
win ; Alex Haig, late with Hoyt's China
town Company.
y\lcazar Theater.
The well-known comedy drama, "Saints
and Sinners," will be produced to-morrow
night. George Osbourne will make bis re
appearance as Jacob Fletcher, a part
which he has already played in this City.
Miss Frances Jolliffe. late of the Modjeska
company, is td make her first appearance
with the Alcazar Company, to play tne
part of Letty, the minister's daughter.
Hugo Toland will be Captain Fanshawe.
May Buckley will play the part of Lydia,
the housekeeper to the minister. Francis
Powers, Gordon Foster, John Armstrong,
W. A. Belasco, Charles Bryant, Maurice
Stewart, Kate Belmour, Julie Crosby and
the rest of the company will be seen in
character parts, for 'Saints and Sinners"
is a play which contains opportunities for
every member of the company.
Qrarvd Opera-Jlouse.
Ihe play at the Grand Opera-house to
morrow evening will be "Ten Thousand
Miles Away," one of the most exciting
productions from the pen of Oliver Byron.
Its stage settings are varied and pic
turesque and include a moonlight view of
Sau Francisco from the dock of th
steamer Honolulu, a penal settlement in
Australia, a lawn party in England ana a
mill and farm at Paramatta. There will
be many interesting specialties . intro
duced. Among those specially engaged
for this production are Landers Stevens,
who formed part of Modjeska's support,
and Baby Lewis, the child actress. Lorena
Atwcod plays the leading role with Mor
timer Snow as support. The cast also in
cludes John J. Pierson, Fred J. Butler,
Edward Heron, Lottie Williams, Julia
Plane, Leslie Morosco, Bert Morrison,
Fred Fairbanks, C. A. Bennett and George
Nichotls.
JiVoli Opera-House.
This Week a grand double bill will be
presented, Including for the first time in
many years Yon Suppe's one-act mytho
logical comic opera, "The Lovely Gala
tea," and Gilbert and Sullivtc's "Pa
tience." The plot of "Galatea" is very
much on the lines of "Pygmalion and
Galatea." The cast will include Elvia
Crox Seabrooke as the animated statue,
Galatea; Bernice Holmes as the Greek
boy, Ganymede; Rhys Thomas as the
young sculp or, Pygmalion, and W. H.
West as the Hebrew critic and art patron,
Mydas. In "Patience" Miss Seaorooke
will sing the titU role, and Ferris Hart
man will play Bunthorne. N. colai's
"The Merry Wives of Windsor" will fol
low, to tie succeeded by revival of sev
eral works, including the production of a
new burlesque fouuded upon a well
known story.
California Theater. .
"Our Little Cinderella.co mpany will
give a matinee to-morrow for Washing
ton's birthday. There will be a perform
ance to-night, and the last performance
will take place on Tuesday evening.
At the Orpheum.
The present bill at the Orpheum has
proved so successful that the management
i has decided to retain all the features, with
■■.__..._. NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. *
THE GIANTS WHO ARE TO STRUGGLE FOR NATIONAL HONORS AND BIG PRIZES.
The above sketch shows the anchormen of the different teams in the great tug-of-war tournament as they will
appear at Mechanics' Pavilion next Saturday night. This contest will undoubtedly be the greatest test of manly
strength skill and endurance ever witnessed in the world. The money inducements, $2110, which is to be placed in
the Bank of California, subject to the decision of the referee and the pride of "Mother Country," will be an incentive for
the best efforts of the extraordinary men engaged in the struggle. Judge James A. Campbell, at the unanimous request
of the captains' of the ten teams, has kindly consented to act as referee for no other consideration than his love of honest,
manly sport.
oma changes, for this week. Two addi
tions will be made, however, in the per
sons of Barney Fagan and Henrietta By
ron, who will appear in a one-act farce
comedietta. Fagan is well known as the
author of "My Gal Is a High Born Lady"
and many other catchy songs. Miss By
ron, a comedienne, is a native daueh ter,
and was last seen here in "Africa."' The
grand opera singers will change their
repertoire, Guille giving the grand aria
' from "Aida," Abramofi singing "In
felice," from "Ernani." The concerted
number will be the trio from"I # Lom
bard;." Miss .Cotte will also sing an
operatic selection.
. /\t the Chutes.
Great times have been planned for the
chutes to-day and to-morrow, with the
kind permission of the weather. On both
afternoons and evenings Bresino, the
Cuban wire-walker. Johnson and Lundin,
the strong men who appeared with Cor
bett last Sunday, and Busch, the "human
vampire," will give exhibitions on the
big open-air stage. Markeberg will make
balloon ascensions both afternoons, and
the animatoscope will be seen at night.
In honor of Washington's birthday there
will be an elaborate display of fireworks
to-morrow evening.
—5
J"lirschbach Benefit
Next Thursday afternoon at the Tivoli
Opera-house* a grand testimonial benefit
will be given by the musical and dramatic
profession of this City to Joseph Hirsch
bach, once the musical director of the
Tivoli and other operatic organizations.
A fine programme will be presented, in
cluding grand opera selections by M.
■ J!*£' Sicnor Abramoff, Yves Ramynton
and Bernice Holmes, an orchestra of over
tifty in varied selections, a violin obligato
by B. Jaulus and piano accompaniment by
E. M. Rosner. Miss Tillie .Morrisey, the
popular soprano, will sing "Love's Old
Sweet Song" and "For All Eternity."
Humorous songs and skits will be given
by the members of the Tivoli Opera
Company.
Sousa's Band.
Sousa's band, which opens at the Cali
fornia Theater on the 25th inst. is said to
be unusually strong in soloists this sea
son. Franz Hell, the popular fluegelhorn
P) aye f,-. wdi be with the organization.
Mrs. Elizabeth Northrop, the vocal soloist,
is said to be a good soprano. Miss Martina
Johnstone is the violinist and Arthur
Pryor. the trombonist, bas been here be
fore with Sonsa. "
Beach's Gunning.
William Beach is fairly prosperous now,
but there was a time when, for the sake
of "another merry round" with the boys
he let himself run into debt and out of
clothing, and on one occasion he had to
set his wits to work to obtain the where
withal to keep out the cold.
It seems that Beach and J. Wilfert were
engaged for a season at Halifax, N. 8.,
, and Beach, who carried his wardrobe
in a small gripsack, observed with envy
that Wilfert was the happy possessor of a
substantial Saratoga. The cold in Halifax
was intense, and as Beach sat shivering
In the greenroom of tbe theater bis envy
was increased by seeing Wilfert enter in a
warm overcoat. Beach at once resolved
tbat tbe coat should change hands and
made overtures to that effect, but Wilfert
rejected tbem.
On the opening night of the season
Wilfert had a scene which he considered
gave him an especially good opportunity
for displaying his talents. To his dismay,
Beach, who was on the stage with him,
"guyed" him and spoiled all his best ef
forts. "I'll not let up until you promise
me that overcoat." whispered Beach. The
scene was Hearing its climax, Wilfert felt
that it was a case of now or never, and he
hissed out, as he took the center of the
stage, "Take tho coat, but let me get mv
curtain-call."
That night Beach went home, wearing
the coveted garment, and \Vi!fert lulled
himself to sleep with the reflection tbat
no envious comrade would so spoil this
great scene the next night. Alas! he was
reckoning without his host, for the fol
lowing evening Beach* began bis old
tactics.
"Didn't I give you tbe overcoat?"
whispered Wilfert.
"Yes," replied Beach, "but I'm out of
socks."
IS ft SfIRIJUALISJ.
Sardou Makes a Gor\fessior\ of
Faith and Incidentally Booms
His NeW Play.
No play bas ever had such preliminary
booming as Sardou's new work "Spirit
ism." It began with a few paragraphs
dealing with spiritualism generally, then
the European papers got into a contro
versy over it, and now they have pub
lished acres of literature on the subject.
Sardou himself boldly affirms his belief in
the phenomena of spiritualism. He says
that for forty years he has been a wonder
ful medium himself, and has had wonder
ful manifestations at his house.
"My piano has played of itself. Flowers
have fallen from my ceiling upon a table,
and it is 1 who have brought this about,
ana they dare not lay at my door calum
nies, such as true mediums are exposed to",
and say to me as they had the impudence
to say to Home that I am a charlatan.
For the last forty years I have said to
whoever would listen to me that I would
consider as idiots those who allow them
selves to be taken in by the agents of jug
glery, frauds and mountebanks. I should
equally regard as imbeciles those people
who deny the reality of phenomena at
tested to by men of science and people like
myself. For that reason mv play is
awaited for to see what I shall say. It is
the first time that any one bas dared to put
spiritualism on tbe stage.and the papers
have been publishing recently experiences
which are very similar to those referred to
in my first act the misplacing of objects
without touching them, hands seen and
felt. These bands have been pressed in
mine. And this I have told to the world
briefly. People will deride me; they will
argue; the incredulous will deny, the be
lievers will send me flowers. It will be a
struggle and a test, but it will be power
and honors; and I do not wish to com
promise the victory in the battle by de
priving myself of a single cannon-ball.
For this reason I wish to retain the ar
rangements I bring forward in my play."
The above confession of faith" is con
tained in a letter which Sardou has writ
ten to Charles Frohman in reply to a re
quest that certain "cuts'' be made in
the American production of "Spiritism"
at the Knickerbocker Theater. He has
also written to. several of the French
papers, and has told startling anecdotes
of bis adventures with spirits.
Dramatic Brevities.
In consequence of the interest aroused by
Mile. Trebelll's singing her managers have
decided to give one or two concerts before her
final departure East.
Belasco & La Faille of the Alcazar Theater
have secured for their company Charles
\Vyngate, who was seen here last year with the
Frawleys. Mr. Wyngate is now en route from
the East. y ",";
Frank M. Kelly, the young California bary
tone, member of Stanford Parlor, Corinthian
Yacht CluD nnd Company B, N. G. C, is study,
ing iv New York under Edwin Hoff— formerly
of the Bostonlans— and will make his debut In !
September.
The second of the second series of the Bacon-
Minetti ensemble concerts will take place on
Saturday afternoon, March 6. The following
programme will be rendered: Brahms C
minor pianoforte trio, Grieg's G minor duet for
violin and piano. G. Minetti; soloist, Miss
Thorey, mezzo-soprano.
IfEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
■ I A M ****•, ■ n I Last performances to-day
Ml l.flXflK I (n'»ti"c<* and nlcht) of
Hi-jUrll-iflll i comedy, -a
: — ** : SCRAP OF PAPER."
TO-MORROW. MONDAY. FEB. 33,
Beginning with 'he
HOLIDAY MATINEE,
The famous Madison-square Theater (**«. V.) suc-
cess,
SAINTS - AND • SINNERS.
Reappearance of
MR. GEORGE OSBOURNE! -
First appearance of
MISS FRANCES JOLLIFFE!
(Late of the M<xlj -ska Company)
HUGO 'AOL. AND!
And tho Entire Company.
The play produced under the direction of MR
GEORUE OSBOURNE;
Our Regular Telephone for seats— BlacK
99L ty -
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
Tuesday Next, Feb. 33. at 8 P. M. ,
HASKETT SMITH. 31. A. '*
'•ARIIENIAAND CONSTANTINOPLE;"
Or the Crisis in th* Turkish Empire. . ,
smmsmm _ «*.■»••— '  I TO-NIOHT (SUNDAY) LAST PERFORMANCE
BMJMniir^ MR. LOUIS JAMES
' nC I "OTHELLO!"
nrrannnrTHßEE WEEKS, COMMENCING 00
YTjnnnrimnnnnnfTnmnnr MONDAY, FEBRUARY ZZ
MATINEES SATURDAY OXTl_i"sr.
JAMES A. HERPJE
(i^^fc\ AS — NATHANIEL BERRY— in
wj SHORE ACRES.
smWl' V* Direction of HENRY C. MINER.
fl 0 9* fl^fi — *- BEGINNING
3gMmM)Cfe MONDAY,
rniCOLAIITi:R.(K)TTLOD'*.G>-^t3AnDnAr«4M4--- FEBRUARY 22.
ANNUAL ENGAGEMENT OF CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE COMEDIENNE,
ARTISTIC
M Jk FANNY RICE
(~nO?==3.n-i <^shf fSfcft *!•$%• In the New Version of the Latest Laughing
$S!fT^#S AT THE FRENCH BALL
IIX WJ jP^YI i'M f /^^--^'■~7??\*; Th Supporting Cast are such Well-Know n
V\ Vtt/ M l" U /Q^E=#- =#* p *°Pl- as :
Hi \\ #/ MV\ > ' \S Th^^fc^^jrf ?J r 9 c ° r B** Broderick Mr. Alex Haie
lA^y %&'■ A M r •i-° h " l C 2"^. y -Mr. John P. Wilson
S~\^^^&M « /-^^fesMfF* Mr- *™nk E^Morse Mr. ""'Ph ! ickncll
' jLm*<S(f '*% l-^k-SPU 2$S 5J r ' i°" n ?* T erry Ml "« « »«** Michelena
-yg"^"lL<r-*W t / r~*\ '—-T^^fein l3^ Mr. ' halliard -Miss Alice Gail ard
? --^.tiii*oß^" X^^lJz^CC-^S'-^" *' * Charles Drew Mis. Reekie Raich:
•" And ;he ; anions Yellow Xl 1 and Others.
MHPnQPn'Q THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
IVIV/flVyOvW O Last Performances of
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE "OUT IN THE STREETS,"
WALTEK MOROSCO... SoIe Lessee and Manager. With Its i iver of Fire.
COMMENCING MONDAY AFTERNOON, FEBRUARY 22.
Grand Revival ol Oliver Byro-i'a Great Play,
10,000 MILES AWAY.
Presented With a Splendor Never Before Atemptod in a San Francisco Theater
MONDAY— WASHIIGTOfS BIRTHDAY ffIATIIEE— MAY
Moonlieht View of San Francisco! Deck of the Steamer, Honolulu I
OTHER BEAUTIFUL NEW SCENERY !
Many Specialties hy Numerous Clt-ver Artists.
EVENING PRICES-lOc. 25c an^ 5Qy MATINEE This Afternoon at 2.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THURSDAY PPPI 25
EVENINGS— FRIDAY ft. §. U 26
SATURDAY I LUI 27 j
Friday ppft 26
MATINEES-SATURDAY LL II 27
SUNDAY i LUI 28
TENTH I \)CEAN
TRIUMPHAL TO
OCEAN
TOUR ' = mF =
' GULF
21,000 TO
MILES GULF
ELIZABETH NORTHROP, Soprano
MARTINA JOHNSTONE, Violiniste
ARTHUR PRYOR. Trombone
FRANZ HELL, Floe?elhorn
SIMONS MANTIA, Euphonium
- i
Regular Prices 50c, 75c, 91, 81 5« j
Sale opens Monday Morning. >7 1
o'lr.rrell stree . ..i*ar •<'>'• »■'-
San Francisco' M Family Concert .Hall. ;
aSSSk MONDAY, FEB. 22!
By HERR FERDINAND STARK, y"
The famous Hungarian Violin Y.rtuoso. and his
Brilliant Organization, '•
THE VIKNNA OIH IIKSTKA
O** Grand Concert Kvery Evening at 8 o'clock.
. SUTRO BATHS.
KINK I'KOGKAMMK.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Adim boiou, lye ; Children, So.
VOL! OPERA- HOUS2
kB-rkK-tuuMT-oCK h. KF.i i. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME-
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES!
THE UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA
ALADDIN,
Or. THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
Commencing: To-Morrow Evening,
GRAND DOUBLE BIXjLi!
". "GALATEA."
Interpreted br
The Best AH- round Opera Company in
This Country.
Popular Prices 25c and SOc
MATINEE TO-DAY AND MONDAY. \
Parquet, any seat, -'sc: Balcony, any seat, tis. \
Children. 10c, any pare. 1
THE FINNEYS. Champion swimmers; HAVES. V
LYTTON A HAY KB, ln "Camille Up to Date " -m¥
THK PAN'I'ZEBS, Funny Demons; THE
KE.*Fi)!», Aerial Artists; the (JraNj
OPERA QUARTET. (iuiLl-K
Abramoff, Miss Cottk and Miss
Bosch, mid Numerous Novelties.
Concerts oy the Royal Huncariau Court Or-
chestra Immediately after the evening perform.
mice in tbe Orpheum Annex.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
fr BisuuANjJKii, UOTTI.OB&CO., Lessees<fcMaua»*»
TO-NIGHT WE GO.
— oharles hopper
And Ills lever < onapany in
"CHIMMIE MADDEN!?'
Every Member of the Original Company and
All the I ault, ess Stage Effects.
TO-MORROW NIGHT FANNY RICE
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
al hatxak 4 Co. (Incorporated) . . . . Proprietor!
TO-NIGHT Monday. Tuesday and
■..-**■: Wed Night*.
Matinee To-Morrow— (U'ashincton's Birthday).
LA-T FkRFORMANCES
"OUR, LITTLE"
=CINDERELLA CO.=
Remember, Last Performance Wed. Night.
lhursday. Keb. 25, Sousa's Concert Rand
THE CHUTES.
THIS AND TO-MORROW AFTERNOONS AND
EVENINGS.
JOHNSON AND LITNOIN. the Strongest
Men on Earth; BlNt H, the ."Gold "f
Vampire"; BHKSiNO, Wi re- Walked
and » Host of attractions on che 0n../,* l
momf* AMIMAXOs *COT* EVKHyA
f BALLOON *
ASCENSION
THIS AFIEKNOON.
Fireworks Washington's Birth-
day (Slonuay Ai s ht).
NO * EXTRA OHA.K,OE.
ADMISSION 100 -CHILDREN 5«THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
' -SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• Coffee • en#ra:iy lower.
jbliver unchanged.
.Bank Clearings rather better.
Wheat fuiure-i firmer.
Other Cereals dull.
' Hay and Feedst ITS as usual.
Beans neglected.
■ Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables higher.
■Butter -easy.
» cheese an 1 Kggs lower.
Poultry and Gaoe nominal.
0 Apples l-i reduced supply.
Oranges firm.
Provisions inactive.
j GROCERY IMPORTS.
Impors of staple groceries at this port la Janu
soL We Rs „ I,rw «. compared with Januaiy,
1896: fougsr, 9,971 670 tb-, against 17,386,360*.
coffee. 1,149.00. lb*, acainst 1,392.000: Pica
6.378.000 against 4,203,564; Tea, 144 ICO lbs
against 26 J, 100.
RANK CLEARINGS.
local bank clearings last week were $12,619 572
rsalnst $12,2-1.814 tor the same week in 1896. '
* TO-MORROW A II -EI DAY.
To-morrow being Washington's birthday and a
lfgil holiday, business will be suspended through
out the country.
LO Clear 3 Partly Cloudy \
' *% Cloudy® fia/n®sno>J
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure!
•I-station indicate maximum temperature for ths
days:, those underneath it. if any, tbe amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high tarometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by ciondv weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
arid low along the coast, and the isobars extend
.north and south along the coast, rain li probable:
;but when the "low is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wlih a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
.the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
anil produce anVpposite result.
"'
" WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agricul
ture. Weather .bureau, San FBANCISCO, Feb.
20, 1*997. bp. xt. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
, 'Eureka, this season . last season 24.75,
past 24 hours .34; Bed bluff 20.56, last season
13.83. past 24 hours .42: ban Francisco, 3776.
.fast season 12.42, past 24 hours .09; Fresno 8 33,
laat season 4.09, past 24 hours .06; ban Luis Obispo
09, last season 12.25, past 24 hours .62; Los
Angeles 15.33. Ast season 5.91, past 24 bours .92:
San Diego 9.30, last season 4.44, past 24 hours
1 04 1 Yuma 4.72, last season 0.46, past 24 hours.
_ .06.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 48.
minimum 38. mean 43.
■ Unsettled -weather conditions prevail through
out the entire region west of the HockyMoun ulna.
Occasional local rains or snows have occurred ln
nearly all sections, which have be#n accompanied
•by temperatures from 5 to 20 degrees below the
normal. A storm of considerable severity pre
vailed during the greater par: of the wee* throug -
out Southern California, which caused heavy
w-nds and rain on the lowlinds and snow above
1000 or 1500 feet elevation. Conditions sti re
main favorable for rain or snow throughout tue
I-ncific toast States. However, some localities
a.c likely to remain clear during the night, and
wherever tbl« is true, s-vere fro is will occur.
fort east made at >an Francisco for 30 hours,
ending at midnight, February 21. 1897:
Northern California—Occasional local rains or
snows to-night and probab y Sunday; fresh var -
ble winds: probably killing frost wherever clear
Sunday nignt.
southern California — Generally fair Sunday
killing host probable Sunday night; fresh north
westerly winds.
Nevada and Utah—Occasional light snow Sun
day.
Arizona—Fair Sunday; severe frosts Sunday
highs. • '
. . san Fran els co;an<-i vicinity—Probably occasional
Showers Sunday; brisk,generally wes erlv winds.
W. 11. half If OK, Forecast Official.
* - CHICAGO MARKETS.
" CHICAGO, 111-. Feb 20—Success continued to
attend the bull movement in wheat to-day. Open
ing higher than it closed yesterday, there was but
a moderate ts,ion and then a steady ascent.
Liverpool was up from 8.4 d to Id, that advance
representing full sympathy with the Improvement
j°-esterday In this market. English consols were
off a fraction, the decline having a tendency to
continue the uncertainty touching the European
political situation. Exports from both coasts for
the week were 2,120.000 bushels. Argentine ship
ments for the same period were 152,000 bushels.
Rtcelpts at Chlca o were 23 cars, and 34,000
tnshels were withdrawn from store. The N, rib
we.it received 300 cars. Export clearances were
light at 199,800 bushels. Toward the close prices
detllned on realizing sales. May wheat opened
from 765*'}-'i*>76S4<*. sold between 763/ c and <7Vfec,
closing at 76 u,(n,76e/a: bid. Vie higher than y s
terday. Estimated receipts for Mond-y 20 cara
No. 2, spot, red wheal ranged from 85% cto 87i/ Be,
closing at *>SIA-abss^c
. -CORN—Tbe exports of corn for tbe week were
•unprecedented in volume, amounting to 6.441.000
bushels. Naturally these shipments had a firming
Influence on tne marker. Tue strength of wheat
also exerted some force on corn. Liverpool cat-lea
were f,4d huber. Receipts amounted to 211 car-.
2d ay corn opened at '21 14, advance J to 241,2, c os.
ing at 24*%. * shade higher than yesterday. Esti
mated recelp b for .Monday 1 cars.
OAl'a —Derived tbeii strength from the other
grains. Nothing remark., developed In the
market, trading being fair but wltn no particular
activity, to boast of. Receipts were 266 cars.
May oats closed i/ 8c higher than yesterday. Bat -
mated recipts for .'•1 oda* 260 cars
FLAX—Was firm for cash and easier for futures.
Cash .--o 1,7 ya@7sc; Northwestern. 77©77% c:
May, 7C^i©7'<i/4c: July, 79c. Receipts were 17
cat
Products experienced a light
setback by reason of a d cine in hog prices. Tbe
trade was reasonably fair, both shuns and longs
doing something in the way of evening up for the
week. 'At the c.bse May pork was 5c ,-uwer; May
lard a shade lower and May ms 5c lower.
..BUTTER Receipts of butter weie liberal and
tbe demand was not so good as i. has been. The
let- ing "Was easy.
' .Creameries — Extras. 20c; firsts, 18 *@ 19c;
-Extras. 17c: firsts. 146.15 c: seconds. DtfllOc
.Lade***- Extras, 1 ltftl'-'C: bists. bi..^ifl.'Ji/.jC; packiuj
seconds. 14@16c: Imitations, fancy, 1.-.(a,lic Dairies
ttocic. he; grease, 2<V*z@3c; ron cutler. ti.(s,lt)i/ 2c.
■>" fe<jG—Receipts w-re ample and ihe demand
fair- Prices were steady. Fresh stoc  15tol^.a
per dozen.
MONEY— Was 4Vb@&XOn call and 6% on tim
'leans. New Yor* exchange was 65c discount bid
*hd 60c asked.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
••/: VVHfcfcLoCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., TeL Main 1954.
' '_, . CEKTBALOFFICC
, w<s Market su. Palace Hotel. Pur iy A Atkinson.
.. " ;,," -Mima ers. Tel. Main 6144. * '
uptown Ohio— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
. .. • itoom). Tel. Main 1 -I*l. ,-* -
PUKDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
. Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
• m7V: io1 **' Reference Ist National Bank. tt. F.
•cjupAou PtuVAT*! Witta. ZtiatV xqblk.
Closing Pr'cea.
WHFAT-February, 75Vs". May, 76Vfc@"8^°!
.111 v. 73?fc.
" CORN— February, 22^c; May, 24y 8 c; July,
•J. 1 *- . r - he.
< \ I s— February. 15»Ac; May, l"i^c; July,
181/4 C.
PoßK— May, $7 97Va*. July. $8 10.
LARD— May. S4 02V*: Juy. $4 12-Vfc.
l.lLb— May, $4 07 Vs: July, $* 17 V -
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, ILL . Feb. 20. — Broken
ribbed cattle will not after the close of this
mouth be subjected to a dockage of 95 per
he id. Buyers and sellers will have to agree upon
all such cases when making th • trade
'1 h.s lias teen ,i bad week for sellers of entile,
and although the receipts were about 9000 head
less than or the corresponding week last year,
prices v- ere 10 to 15 c-.-nts per 100 pounds lower,
biu choice Muff shoiveC leas dec.n.o. i O-day 'a
market wis sieady.
A tioo.i sa;uruay run brings tim week's receipts
of bogs up to 180,200 head, against 166,748 last
week, it. a .46,400 for the correhpo iding week of
1896 Ab„ui 20.000 11 cad arr ved to-.iav and sell
ers had 10 UKe off about 5 cents (rom yesterday's
advanced prices, llie demand «elng very poor.
About 4ji>o he-id of sheep were received to-day,
when is a good supp-y f r Saturday. The supply
was well taken al the recent advance.
CATlLE— Keceluta. SDH. Fancy beeves, $5 26
©5 35; :a.r beef steers of 960 to 120 'pounds.
8-3 65(3)3 75: common beef sieers of 900 to 1100
pouiids.si 5C@3 55: con mon 10 good Blockers and
feeders. S3 .o*3 85: bulis. choice to extra. $3 60
©3 .'.*> cows, common to fair canners, *1 80®
•a 2 .0; calves, good 10 faucv. $5 76@9 25; ca.ves.
common to good, #3 66®J 60: Texas ed s.eers.
fair to choice, $3 50i$4 so: lex as cows, bulls and
oxen, $2 fti@3 50; milkers ana sprlng-ais, per
head. $21 wall.
HuGS -receipts, 20,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 3 5-® 3 60: common to choice
mixed. $3 4>ta3 <0; choice assorted, $3 60®
3 60; pies S3 25©3 65.
bif LLP— Receipts. 4500. Inferior to choice,
$2 50(3,4 25; lambs, 53 50*5.
i.eceipis at Omaha.
FOUT'i OMAHA. NKBB-. Feb. 20 -HOGS—Re
ceipts, 7400. -TKCI weak to 6c lower. Light
and mixed, S3 10@3 45; heavy, id 26'(£3 . 0.
CATTLE— Receipts. 130 . Market steady.
Steers, $3 bU&i. 36; cows, $1 50@3 90*. feeders,
$3 2,y • J5.
bIiLEP — Receipts. 900. Market steady.
Muttons, $3 60; lambs, $4 50.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KfSPAf CITY. Mo. Feb 20. - CATTLE—
Receipta, COO. Market btealy. Pressed beef
grades, $4 *Jo®4 70; cows and belters, $2 40©
3 30: s.o kers and feeders. 63 20®3 80; Texas
and Wester-;. $2 75© * 50; calves, 4®o.
•i»U- ereipt-. 77<io. Market steady. 2"^o
i lower. Light, $3 40.M 45-; medium, $3 4s®
L, 50; heavy. $3 45®3 47%C
--blltii.P—Receipts. 100... Market steady.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK., N. V.. Feb. 20.— The dea'ings to
day ioo:ed up only 33.845 s tares and the fluctua
tion* were on a par wi.h the trade. The mark- 1
throughout was narrow and professional. At the j
ope Ing there was a dnpo<Uun on the part of the
bears to even up co-tracts over the double holi- I
day and an advance of i,4@^B per cent followed.
The upwar i movement showed in the ludusl
and Western Cnion and grangers most promi
nently. The advance brought ont long stock,
some of the foreign holders having turned up as
sellers, owing to the unsettled condition of Ku
ropean politics here was no pressure to sell,
however, and the declines weie of small propor
tions, Tue bank statement was regard d as
rather untavoraOe, nt it had no influence on the
stock speculations Loans were contracted 11.
--620 000. while the sur, lug continued to pile up,
the gain in cash being over five million.
In the bituminous group Hocking Valley Con.
fives were firmer and advanced 3 to 69 Lake
shore was stronger on the levival of the old report >
of an early retirement of high rate interest paying !
bonds through the sale of 4 per cent mortgages. ;
Si>ecu ation cosed quiet and barely steady in tone, j
Net changes snowed gains of 3 -B ft-! x per cent, the |
latter ln Western Un on.
The bond v arket was dull and firm to-day. The I
total transactions were $731,000. Great Northern i
tb-rds lose I-. to 0' *t, Colon Pacific sinking mud
eights V: ,o"9o,aud Northern Pacific terminal
sixes *Vi 10 108.
in Government bonds $100,000 reentered fours
of 1907 sold at 11 ly 8 and $.0,000 coupous j
fives at llo,g, 1 .1-*6
Grain
FLOUR — Dull, weak. Winter wheat, low j
grades. $2 80® 3 30: fair to fancy, $4 45©
4 50; do patents, $4 60®4 65: Minnesota cear,
$;•! 10®3 65: do straights, 94@4 35: do patents,
$3 10©4 85; low extias. $'2 30@3 30; C l.v Mils,
$4®4 90: do patents, $4 80(ia.5u5; Bye mixture,
$2 90©3 50: superfine, $2@2 85: fine, $1 90©- 24.
Southern flour, duil: common to fair extra, ',
$3 20©:-; 50: good to i hoice do. $3 50©5.
Bye flour, quiet, ste.-dy, $2 30itf3.
I UU.NJIh.Ai,- Active. Yellow Western, *1 75 !
@1 85. -•■■
Kit- Dull. Western. aß'i@4oc.
BAKI.KY— Firm, quiet; feeding, 26@26Vfec c. L I
f. Buffalo. -— -
' WHEAT— DuII, firmer with options; f. o. b.,
90y c; ungraded red, 72©91 c: No. 1 Northern.
B7V*c
( ptious were dull and firm a" %© 8 /4 c advance I
on better cables mede ate foreign bnylng, bet er !
Western and local c -verln ;. May and Ju v most
ac.ive. No. 2 red, Febnary, 84c; Much- 8.3/ 4 c;
April. B'2'/ a c; May. 8-'Vs c : June, 81" 8 s: Jul,
80*Jtc.
CO Dull, firm. No, 2, 29u,c elevator, 30i,'-'- !
afloa -
up lons were dull and firm at unchanged prices |
to *VsC advance, foi owing the West, wi.h trading !
onlyio-.1. M«y and j nly ouly traded in. Febru- I
ary. 89% c May. .oy 8 c: July, 31% c.
OATts—^pot dull. dim. ipi ions dull, nomi- !
nally I,'s " up. February, 2tS,s ; May, 2ls c;
July, 223 L.
Provisions.
LARD — Quiet. Western steam. $4 17 1 -.
nominal; City, $3 80; May. $4 35. nominal; re,
fined, dull; continent *4 46; South American,
$4 65; compound, 4@4L.V-.
f*i>nK— Steady. inactive: new mess, $8 250
8 75.
i UTTER —Quiet. Fane*, steady; Western
creamery, 13©i8c; Ligius, -0c: Imitation cream
ery. 11 ©16c. "
CHEi-.Sc— Firm, active. Part skims, 6@9i,' 2 c;
full skims. :-©Sy 2 c.
J-.ii OS— Steady, limed, 13t<jC.
TAL OW— Dull, steady. Unchanged.
COTTONSEED —Steady; crude. 20@20Vic
BlCE— Firm; unchanged
M- pi A ssEs- New Orleans, 18ia30c.
COFFEE— Firm, 6©lo join s up. March. *9 10:
July. $9 10; iep ember. *9 «5. Spot Rio dull,
No. 7 95 /9 c.
bUGAr.— Firm; fair demand. No 9. 3 13-16 c;
No. 13, 31/3- »* ib; off A, 4®4y 8 c * Ih; mold,
45/ 8 c: stand rd, 4 3 8 contect oners, 414 c;
cut loaf, sc; crushed, oc, powdered, 4^gc; granu
lated, 43 8 c; cubes, 4%c.
1 rult and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9©llc.
J I A cl- Lb— Peeled, boxes 12J/»©lse; unpeeled,
boxes 7<e9c.
PRUNES— Four ■!—■ . / i@sc.
BAiSINb— Two. crown L. M., 414 c; three
crown, &V : -c; four crow .butbVjc; London layers.
$1 35ttl »0: clusters. $1 40© 1 80'
A MUNDS — Soft then, B@3VoC; paper shell,
10<ai2c. I*. 1 7 '" . • .
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
Hi -PS— Choice moderately active. . Pacific
Coast, B©l3c
WOOL — Firm. Moderately active. Domestic
fleece, 22@23c; pulled. 18©Slc; Texas, 7@l^c.
Merchandise.'
noi BON— Moderate demand. American, $11
@12 50.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. 812.
LFAD-Htealy. Domestic. <3 26@3 60.
"UN — Quiet. Strain, 813 35©13 60: plates
fairly active.
bPELTER— Quiet. Domestic, $4@4 05.
new York, stocks. :
Bonds, Fxchango, Money and Railroad
Shares. ' - "'** '•;
Money on call 2 @2v. prime mercantile pa
per SJJ. ParsUver. B^Vac Mexican dollars, 60%<
sterling exchange sua iy, with actual business in
S? n l i l s*,* .* 4 t l : V*©4 86 for 60 days and
94 ob» 4 ©4 87'/ 2 for den. ana. Posted rales, $4 80V4
©4 81. Commercial hi is, $4 h2Vi-a4 84y*. Uuv
ernment bonds steady: Mule bonds dull; railroad
bonds firm, silver at the boaid was neglected.
crcsixo STOCKS.
Am Text Cable... 85 North American. 4
Atchison. .„ 141/g .Northern Pacific.'.' 14J'»
Preferred Jft-JJ j» r . red 377*
Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern. 104
.- lion, Terre Haute 66 1 Preferred .. 164
American Expresslloy B '.\ V Central fI'SA
American 1 oLacco ,72 JN Y. Chlcago&St' '£ 11 *
Preferred lviy 4 j Ist preferred 70
Bay folate «»•... 11, 20 preferred. 23
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 1 /i'\ Y& N H 173
KrunswlcK Lands. ';i.v Yi.w'int" 37
Buffalo, Roch <fe P. 18 xV, Susq <fc W. B*4
Canada Pacific 541^ referred. -" 24*4
Canada Southern. 44^/ 4 < , Iltarlo ""* ' J U i*
Canton Land. 60. „ B t*no*Ai Western 143/«
Central Pacific 11 uregonlmprovmnt
« bes & Ohio 171^ Prele*red
Chicaeo Alton, 163 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred.... 172 Oregon Short Liuo. 1. Li.
Chicago, B & Q.... 74Vg l'scltlc Mall ->x4t
Chlcatro-tEIU.... 40 j Peoria D & Kv'a'ni 2
Preferred 93 T'lttsbur^ <!t VV pfd. I*s
Chicago Gas 76y 8 T'uilman Palace.... 161 V.
Cleve<Js PlttsDnrg.l66Vi Quicksilver ..... 1
Consolidation CoaL 34 . Preferred. ..„.'." 12
Consolidated Ga5. .149 jtteadins... " a->B/«
CCC &Hi Loais... sloVs BtoOrandPdivVesto 12
Pre erred.... „... 75 ' > referred IBLt
Colo Fue & Irca.. 20V*ii!pock Island. 6oVi
Preferred 90 (BomeWatitOgden'.li
Cotton O I Cert HyaStLitsW. 38,4
Commercial Cable. 160 | Preferred lost
Dei d son 107 V* fot Paul 76s>*
Del Lack<fcWestrn.l&ay*J Preferred,.. i3js."
Denver it RQ. loßV<,]Bt Paul <fc Duluth.. 20
Preferred 40V* Freierred 85
Distillers. mmm St Paul A Omaha.. 4rtiA
General Electric... 84%'gl Preferred ISO
Erie 14y 4 St I' .M & to m
Preferred 34 'Silver Certificates. 64*%!
lon Wayne 16.< Southern Pac.fic. 16
Great Northern nidl'JO southern KB. B**/g
i<reen Bay — — Preferred 28
Harlem....;.. ......293 Sugar Refinery 1 su
Hocking Coal- 3% : Preferred . .....1023/,
Hocking Valley... 4V*Tenn Coal 4 1r0n.. 26:54
Homestake 86 i Preferred 80
ll & Texas Central Texas Pacific 9s/.
Illinois Central.... 10l A A & N' Mich.— '
lowa Central....... 6% 10l Ohio A Central 15
Prelerred .24 | Preferred 60
Kansas <& Texas... 13 j Toi foi Louis &li C 6y
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 31, 1897..
Preferred : SO i Preferred 18V<i
Kingston A Perm.. 3 Cnion Pacific 6"/ 8
Lake Erie & Westn 16 ID Den AG01f.... 28
Preferred 68 Ufo cordage.. —
lake Shore 166 I Preferred — —
National Lead 2.1 Guaranteed
Preferred 91 If 8 Express 35
long Islam 46 ie b Leather. '*/»
Louisville & Nash. 49 ! Prelerred 67V«
Louisville. Aiony Vi U 8 Rubber 2lv*
Preferred MX Preferred 71
Manhattan C0n.... 87% cuca & B River.. .lso
Memphis .t Charls 16 VVab 8L A Pacific. 63'g
Mexican Centra... 8 /* Prtferred*. l:»%
Michigan CeutraL. 89V*2 el Is- Fargo. f9
Minn&SL Western Union.... b2y 8
'■' Preferred VVls.onsin Central. 3
Minn Ast l com.. 18' ,v Wheeling & L E... U'g
Ist preterred 77V5, Preferred . '6
2d nreferrfed. '...... t'2\^ Am Cotton Oil pM. 62
Missouri Pacific... 20 W U Beef...
Mob A ohlo '21 Ann Arbor »
Nashville A 1 hail. t>7y 8 : Preferred 26
National Linseed.. 1 3i /a Brooklyn Traction-. 2 **4
N J Central 96 >...,* Erie 2d pfd. ;.. 29
Norfolk Jt Westrn. HVil American Spirit*.. 14» / i
*ieierred 16 | Preferred
itiisiva ion*
Ala Class A 4<l 106 1 Northern Pac lsts.ll&Vs
Do Class 84, 6s. 10b . I Do 2ds. 65y
Alabama, class C 98 I po Bds. 88
Atchison 4s hl.'Vs 1 I consoles'. "....".
l*>2dsA 4«^s'Or lmprovmni Ist 8b
Csnada South 2d5.107i /8 Do 6s. . 18
Cen Pac 1 sts of ' 9 5 . IcR A N lata! ' '. '. 1 1 2 3,;
Cherokee 4s. 1896. — .. | Doconsol 5s ...
»»f»97 103V4 Or Short Line 6s.. .lit, "{fa
1 01 «98 104 I Doconsol 5s 7&V-I
Do 1899 104 !PaclOc6sof '97...
S^fAfi? 10 . --1 10 1 4 Phila Jt Reading 4s- 81 Vs
V. h . < ?*i N fTr Ucis 6 - I '- s *** Dolstpfdlncom. 43*,,
JJ C 3-86 a H-9V4!»-UrandeWestlsw .72
Den 4 RQlsi Ilia* bt L<fclrotiMlUenss 76Vi
-»°*' 88*V» : St Ldt&FGentia.lll
v. iCil?*V..*'**,*"* tfß iSt Paul C0n5015.... 132
MVVapenClty 78 14 -t P C <$: Pa lsts ..11 -Vi
i* *** **• I"* so Carolina 4^5... 106
,. U0 2d la - I*6 Southern R Rbs... BHL!.
Gen Debss... Watx. Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107 Vi
H& lex Cent 65.. .108 Term new 3s. ... 77
Docon6a 102 Te»as Pac 15t5..... t9 /4
lowa Central lsts.. U6V* ' eras Pac 2ds 21V4
Kansas Pa Consols 74 Union Pao lsts 93. 104
EsPalstsDenDivllby. L fo 4a reg of 925 122
La Consol 953 /4 Do 4s, coupon.... 122«2
Missouri funding. |t 84s reg of 1907. 11 1?!
MX ] ads. fit-Vis! Do 4 g. coupon.. ..113 '"
*?«• 84 Do2s. _... Bsy.
5J»*»i left Onto 41.. 68 1/2 Ho 6s. Reg "lHc?
Mutual Union 65.. 110 Do coupon.... 11»2
S VV* qV? 11 s»*5 »* ;* } i 7 V4 V" funding de D t... 61^
N YCft St Louis 45105 Do registered ....-— .
$-°. r . e »t Gen 6sUO Do deterred 6s 6
N Carolina coo 121 I Do trust rcptsipd 614
v^"'--" 122 I Wabash 1516a.._107' 4
Noribwes-Consois. 140 West onoro as lUb&fc
sjoOvU ba 112 | ' - * J*
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN* I.IVKKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, KsttXe Feb. 20.— The spot market
la firm at 6s 7d@tfs bd. Cargoes are firm at 3Js fid.
H'Tl-RKS.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Ft te
rnary, 6s 4d; March, 6s 4V4d; May, 63 6V«,d:
July, 6s 43 /4 d. ™ '
fSKCCRITIES.
LONDON, Esc, Feb. 20,-Con^ols, 11111-16:
Silver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 1021 20c.
EXCHANGE ANO BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8685
Sier.lng Exchange sight — 4 B*>*7
; fott-rliug Cables — 4 89
New *i orK Kxchange, sight — -j 0
New Yor; Exchange, telegraphic. — 27Li
Fine silver, per ounce — 64tyk
Mexican Dollars , — 51s'.
*
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND » THER GRAINS.
WHEAT- Futures were somewhat firmer and
spot grain was sieady at unchanged quotations.
Quotes at $1 2.i@l 32% « ctl fur common grades,
Sl 36@1 36 1 i fi ctl for average No. 1,-9137%
I \* ctl for choice aud $1 42 Vital 50 %4 ctl icre*t.ra
' choice mi. ling.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
cils, *1 .-.4S 8 : 2-00. $1 3434 10,00.',* 36.
-Second -k»iun- Hay— iO,-.00 els, $1 343/ a:
; 12.000, C 31 S,
kki'las JJobnino ""KSsion— May— 6ooo ctls.
, *: 35 4ouo. *1 0434; 4000, $1 '64V-. December
I -2JOO, $1 lr\lm_.
BARL. .Y— Quiet a- previous prices. Feed, 76@
SOc ctl: Brewing 87*V 2 <&9-
CALL BOARD SALRS.
Informal - KssiON— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
btCOND f.hsiiin— w*.
r,E„t*LAK 11ob.ni -a "tssioN— May— 4ooo cils,
75L,i . -jijuO, ~,^'J 0 . ; 4000. 751/ic December—
I 2cOo, 75c.
; UATB— Dullness • Inues to chrracterlze the
j mur-xei. Mil ing quo able at $1 2t®. 40 ■? ctl:
; Fancy Feed, $1 37V»(g>l 45: Commuu « hlte, al(d\
i 1 10: good to choice, $1 15 01 36, according o
i quality: Black for feed, 9Jc@*l 05: for rd,
i $1 10&1 25: Gray, Cl 16@1 30; Red, $1 10@1 20;
bnrpr -.c. $1 44(g,l 60 f) cv.
CußN— After he flood from the Esst ceases, as
lt is expected it wi.. o short. i usinesi may be la
I bei. ana, a. Large Yellow. 7,'i(st,»oc: bmall Bound
do, 90c; White, 77*-/.UBjy>c %4 ctl.
hYI-.-dS-iKjC** U. . ' .
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at 9 1 16@1 25 «l ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOCK— Net cash prices are:' Famll,* extras,
34 8i)'0,4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 75(ft4 85; buper-
I flue, C4(g,4 35 "as bbl.
I Cui.NMEaL. EIC. Feed Corn, i17@17 sj;
Cracked corn, Cl 7 50@18 %! ion.
MILi sl IFF.-- 1* ice*» In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Oraham Flour, 92 85
V 100 lbs: Bye Flour, 82 75 fi loO: Bice Flour,
] 95 ',5; Curnmeal, 92@'2 26; extra cream do, 5 J 75;
oatmeal, 93 50; Oat Groats, 94; Hominy, $3 10
,' @3;<0; Buckwhea Flour, $3 25@3 50: Hacked
V\ heat. *3 60; Farina. 4; Whole Wheat Fiour,
■ $3; Rol.ed Oats (bbls). (5 50(55 90; Pearl Barley,
S3 75(&4: Spat Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 t»
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEOSTUFFS.
All descriptions remain undisturbed.
BBaN— «12 60@13 for ihe best aud 11 50@12
fi ion for outside brands.
MI ULl.\(is-*lB 50©19 60 for lower grades
and C-'i<ca,Jl "tf ion tor the -est.
FhtD-iTCFFs — Boiled Btrlev, $17 50@18*.
OI cake Meal a the mill, $26 50 "*» ton; Jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 foil 50 «* ctl.
HAY — Wheat, CBcg.ll: Whea. and Oat, $70
10: Oat, $6@9 Bar.ey, 47668 60: Kiver Barle.,
»&@o 50; Alfalfa, $6&7 50: compressed, $6@
9 50; stock, $5!d.6; ■> lover, $638 ■ ton.
STBAW— 2S(»SOc fl bale.
BEANS ANO BELDJ.
There are plenty of too is, but few buyers.
BEANS — Bayos, $1 60(31 bo 9 ctl:. Smail
Whites, $1 lb(a)l 25 %*. ctl; l.ar,*e " hltes, $1 (fel 15
V- ctl: Jin s. $1 10(5,1 25: Reds. $1 10 ail 20:
Blackeye, «1 lOftsl 16. Bed Kidney, $2 50 Limas,
$1 7w<j.l 90; Butters, $1 25t»l 50; Pea, Cl 1&@
1 30.
■hEEl'B— Brown Mustard. $2 60t02 75: Ye low
Mustard. $1 75*ft2 'c*. cil: Flax, $l'85(oll40: Ca
nary eed, 134@21/4C f) Ib; Alfalfa. bV^c; Bapo,
2Va<**23 / ic; Hemp, 3c: Timothy, 4y 2 c
DRIK.. PEAS- NUes. $lfel 20 *S cil; Green,
$1 40@1 50 f. ctl.
POTATOES, ONION**, VEGETABLES.
Vegetables are higher. Potatoes show no particu
lar change.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, —•$ lb; Sweet Po
tatoes, $I@2, according to quality: Early Rose, 70
(o<hOc; River i.eds, 70@80c; Buibank seedlings. 1 0
i*7 c fi ctl lor Rivera, 90c@$l 10 for Saluas and
bOtoSJc for Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, 76ioV
$1 10.
ONIONS— SI 60@1 75* ctl; Cat Onions, 76c@
$1 25; Oregons, $1 60@2 -6
VEGETa BLEB— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
*jS doz; Asparagus, It (a.. 2VS*" fi lb for common and
li>Co,2sc for choice: Rhubarb, a'ng.2 50 ~sfi box; Los
Angeies Summer .-quash, $2 f. box; ms An
geles Green P ppers, -,0(&76c * box: nshroom*,
(©lie '-f* lb: Marrowfat .-quash. Ccto7 V ton.
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 50<(<v$i 26 V bx ; 6 exican
Tomato, a. $1 25; Dried Pei pers. 7@Bc fi lb; Green
Peas, 4(j-j(ic "fi lb: Los Angeles Siring Beans,
10c; i-rled Okra. B@9c fl lb: Cabbage, 4O«i>oc fl
cil; Carrots, .6@3oc *\ tack; Oarllc, l%@2u fl lb.
BUTTE L, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market ls stationary, with ample
stocks.
1 beamiby — Fancy creameries, 20@21c; seo
onds, 17^a®18, * lb.
Dairy— i-ancy rolls. 15®16c; squares, 16@17c
V lb; mooa to choice, 13(c*)i4c: lower grades. 10A
12W-
Pickled— l3(^l 4c ft lb for old and 15c ft lb tor
Dew.
Fibkin-ik&Kc V lb for old and 16c f. Ib for
new.
Cbeameby Tub— l6® 17c 5* lb.
CHKEbK— Another decline is noted. Choice
mi d new ls quotable at 9@ V a c V lb; common 10 -
Food old, 7 V (a.b l Cream Cheddar, il(sl2c fi lb;
Young America, wy a -Ca)Hcfl lb; Western, ll@12c;
I. astern. 14(a14f. c
1 Utte — Ar- a. i.i cheaper, and onty a few sales at
14c are being i> ade now. Ranch l-.ggs. 12^****}
li>y a c; store Eggs, 1 1 toi f- dos; Duck Eggs, 16c
POULTRY AND CAME.
POULTRY— Was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
Live turkeys. IJ#l3 ft tb for cobblers, 12@13c
Ift Jb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 1 ©16 fi tb:
Ueese. f pair. $1 60tol 75; Gosltnes, $2 60@13;
Ducks, (4 6i>(£s 50 tor old and $6@7 for vo ng;
1 ens, 13 .On 1 60: Boosters, youiu, Cstos 60:
do, old, $3 M iujl: Freer*, $4 60*85: Broilers. $4 50
@.> tor large a.d Wb@4 lor small; Pigeons, $.'@
'* 60 '**■ doz for J outig and $lgoi 25 for old.
(i AM. - hti-.lish -nue, $. o@3 ft dozen;
Jack Snipe, ft doz- Hare. 60@75c Babbits,
Cl 25 for Cottontails and $ for small: Gray
Geese. S2 60; Wni.e Geese, $1; Brant, $1 &0;-
Honkers $3 50(0,4
DECIDUOUS AND Cl* BUS FRUITS.
Oranges rule firm. Mocks of Apples continue to
fa I off, bnl prices show no change.
DEO DUO UK FRUITS—
Apples, 90c<ft$l %« box for choice, $1 2601 50
for fan y, 60® 5c for common.
'tKKRIKi-*—
1- astern Cranberries, $6®7 ft bbl.
CI 1 liDs FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $1 7&@*J 76 "#*» box; Seed Ing-, 75cQ«l 25 fl bx;
Lemons, 6 ctlCi for common and $126®1 60 for
good to choice: J. exican Limes, , 0; California
Limes, 76c@tl 25: Bananas, $102 %t bunch:
Pineapples, $J(g>4 fl dos. -,
DRIED FRUITS, It A I INS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots—, pricots are quotsb'e at 6S9c
for itovals and 11 Va&l-c tor choice to lancy
Moorpi-.rgs Prunes. 2-*j-4@Sc for the 4 six-s;
Peaches, 4&M/<B-.- for prime to choice. 6y 2 @7c for
fancy mid . @loc for pre.cd in boxes:' Apuiea. 50
51-2*-' for evaporated ani (a.2^c fur sun- ri<d";
Pears, 2^i®oc tor prime to choice, 4@si^o for
quarters aud 6@«iVa * or '»» yes: Plums. 4i for
pitted and iygc for unpitted; Nectarines, 3Vi@
4i 2 c for choice and 6V^c for fancy; While l-'ics,
Sc: B ack Figs. 2y*@2y a i*.
Jobbing I ricks- Peaches, 4i^@siAc -fl lb:
ianiy. 6^@7y.c V. tb: peeled. 12y, '*}. % Apri
cots, 6y 3 , V lb; tanc . 10c; Mooipar^-, 1:@
ISo; evapora • d a pp es, 5»4c: sun-d.ied, 2%@3c;
Prunes. SVii^^tAc forme 4»tres: Figs, b ack', 3c ior
unpr * died a- (i b(ft3Vi c for ires-ed; white Fits 4c;
P.ums. 4t^(g;sc for oitted and li^c for unpitted:
Nee tarin< .". *iai<jc ?* lb for prime 10 fancy: Pears,
2VS@5c for « boe, 4yg©sy c lor quarters and 4y
(aOV'scforhalvei.
ISIN —
'.cabload Prices — Fonr-crown, - loose. j%o:
three-crown. 4**,ic "£ lb: iwo-orown. 3*y«c 1* lb;
heedl- ss Sultan**, t^ijC; seedless Muscatels, 43/ 8 c;
three-crown Loudon l yers. ifl 15; clusteis. $1 .->-J:
I ehesa clusters. $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried rapes. 8c 9 lb.
Jobbiko Pricks- San* Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, o-^c: a-c.own, 4^ic: 2-cr-uwn. 3%c; seed
less f-nllanas, &3ic: seedless Musca.eis, 4^s c <
3 crown Loudon layers, (125: cius'.-rs, $1 00;
Dehesa clusters, *2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 -5.
.N UTS— 1 nun quotable at *h@lo ; Walnuts
6y a (a7c %* Ib for standard and b-®9L«.o *(« ft> for
shell: A !■> onds, •'(g.B'^c for Lang" edoc, 30
3Vs< furhardsli.il nd B(d9c p lb tor papers ell;
Peanuts, 4@6c p Ib lor X -stern and 4c tor Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts f-@Sc V lb; P. cans. 7y,(a
8- * lb: Gilberts, 7y 2 @Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7%UBu;
Cocoanuts, 95@i$ 60 '** .00.
Ho XV— Comb, 10@12M,c for bright and 6<@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, i,©b^tc-.
right amber extracted, 41 2tf4 3 ,*c; dark amber, 4*3
4*^c: dark, 'j-j-rftc C tb.
BEESWAX-22@25c 9 lb.
PROVISIONS
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c *$ lb for heavy, 70
?. tb for light medium. 9*»fcc for light, 10c li lb for
extra light and HVic «-> lb for sugar-cured. Easi
ern sugar-cureil Hams, 12@12V^e; California
Hams. 10@H0*->^~; Mess Beef, »7@7 50; extra
mess do, 9H(ar, oO: family do. 99 5o(S)10; extra
prime Pork. $<' 500.8; extra clear. »16 D bbl;
mess, $14 *$ bbl: tsmoked Beer, 10c tl Ib.
LABD— .astern ti rces is quoted a. 6VaC for
compound and 6@6\*jc for pure: palls, 7c; -ali
fornia tierces. Bttß'jjic *»i lb for rompound and 6V4C
foe pure: halt-bbis, 6%c; tO-tt) tins, 7Lic; do, 5 lb,
7yjcfilb
COTT«<LENE— Sy i ®S*/ ,c in tierces and 7?i®
By e la 10-tt> tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOI'S.
HtDES AND SKlN>— culls and brands sell lc
under sound stoc*. Heavy salted steers are quot
able at 8c «* lb; medium, 7c fl lb: light, 6@6%c;
Cowhides, 6<a6Vi : Silted Kip, 6c %i Jb: sailed
Calf. 7@Bc; sated Veal, 6c; dry Hides, U'-a*
13c: culis aud brands. 9-Vi>(d).oc *jr* lb; dry Kip aud
Veal, 9@loc; dry Calf. 15c. cul s, 10c; Goatskins,
20a,.*(.. ,-ach. Kids. 6c: Deerskini, good summ-r',
25c a*, lb; medium, 20c: winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
shear. in^s, ]i.fg,Joc each; abort wool, 26(<$3Jc
ea h: medium, 0b(0i45 each; Ung wools, 40(560c
each.
T'LLOW— Na 1, rendered, ."(^SCic; No. 2,
2. he refl.ed. sc: Crease, 2<* rl lb.
vvv,OL- We ouote: ban Joaquin, 4@6c; Eastern
Oregon, 7©lo< fi tt>
. Hups— t»a,Bc fur fair to cho cc and 9SlOc '*}, lb
for fancy.
GINERAL MER HANDISE.
RAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 6c: June-
July deliver.-. 6c; ban Quentln, 91 75; Wool
Bags, 24^,@26»V.
COAL— W dilution. $8 fi ton: New Wellington,
♦8 per ton; boutnfleld Well.ngton. 97 50 $ ton:
Seattle, «5 50. Bryant, (5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
V ton; Wallsend, 86 50 fi ton; Cuiubena d.
913 50 *p ion In bulk and <1 > In sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Em, $.lig»U V» ion; Welsh
Anihrac.te, »^*g)lii: cauuei. 48 > ton;- Rock
spring.-., Castle Gate and PU-assn V'aiiev $7 60;
Coke. Sl I©l 2in bu k and «13 ft ion 111 ska
CANNEjj SALMON -The Alaska Packers' A»
loclation quotes Bed Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c "-* doz.-u: 50.000 cases, 9Ji-*c
V dozen: 76,000 cases, 90c "sf. do*teo, n«t cash t. o.
b. ex-ship.
Col FEE— C. E. Bickford's cir ular says; ••Fol
low, the te ueucy of the article everywhere
prices here bave dropped sharply since the firr.val
of ihe -liv o Para on tbe 14ih law. Good un
washed Salvador has declined from 15y c 10 15c,
with moderate sales, wbi c values lor a.l t'uaie
ma a. have acted torn Vj ■ to lc. according
to quality, and the selling oppor unities of he mo
rn- iit-i'i this respect showing variations not
always based or.claely 011 relative grading, lie
cent arrivals of Costa Bica have not sold to any
ex.etit, the de iver made beln* prlncipa ly In
satisfaction of con racts made early in tue season.
Very inferior qunlnles of all kinds nave been af
fected out Hi le. being seemingly as oa- as they
cxn well b^e for ,he time beln.; and stocks not arge
enough toic use an. v due piessure. With this
ex* eptlon ibe decline has been general. While the
new m eof prices has indue, d some busin- ss he
10. of the market r -mains quiet, dealers not hold
ing sufficient confidence in ihe outlook to buy in
excess of temporary requirement*)- ■ o-day's stock
consist- 01 1210 costa nica, 1132 Salvador. :-7i5
Guatemala and 1664 bags Mexican— ln all 7711
bags, a- a ai st 9J-4 bags same ur- as: year.
Ibe Acapulso is due February 24 :th 4250 ba^a
and the Amsrapoora 10 a- rd tbe en I 01 the month
wl*h 1050 bass as far as known." Weauoe: * •
Costa -BxCA— 9*' 2 '(4.oi^g fi lb for good to prime
washed*. lßV^@l9c for -ood; lie for cood mixed
with black bea ,s; 16(a 17c f*-r fair; 10VaSll4c nom.
for common to ordinary.
-alva or— lß@i9c for good to prime washed:
16a»(B>i7Vi l -'f"t* fair washed; 18Va@ >Vs<s t»X good
to prime »a hed peaberry ; 1 j-^iOc for superior
unwasoed; l.ic for good unu. .shed; 17Va®18c
tor goo I t 1 prime unwashed peaberr *.
GfATEMAI.A AND MEXICAN— 21 {0,2 ft lb for
prime o strict. prims »asued; 1. 'iqiH'^c for
good 10 siricil •• good washed: 17@ BV«c > lb for
fair washed 14'a,16c for medium, lltftl 3c *#» lb for
ordinary; B,vi,i,;' 4 c for Interior to common: 19-Vs@
201,2 -- ur uOd to prime washed peaberry; ia©
lb'.a- 'or good to prime unwashed peaberry.
M -Alt— Western -ugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: cube an Crushed, 6*840:
lowdered, &V*a> : Fine Crushed. 5*s 4 c; Dry i.ranu.
lated, 8 c; con feo. loners' A, 4%c: Magi a,
•'.tic; xirac, 4y c: Goldeu c, «c; half barrels
1,4 c more than barrels, and boxes J ,s*" more.
-AN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6c; second. B@3y a c; third
do. 4@4V^c 9 lb.
VEaL— Larg-, 6(3Gc: smnll, 6@7c 9 lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6(^6',ic; Ewes, sV4@6c
? lb.
LAMB— Spring, lOailc *n Jb.
POBK— Live nogs, 3%@35/ 8 c fi lb for large and
8 3.iC<*t>*"i» c for small and medium; dressed do, 4*l
*^6c ft lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, or sks ... 13,,i66 a-,, ions _ 70
Oregon 3,140 n»n.«»i 600
Whea^ctla .... 7-1 Oregon 1,600
Oregon 390 [ -*u.i«.. «.tis..._ 276
Farley, ct15.. .... 2,70 Ch* eie, ecu... 23
Leans su 1-0 -.Kgs, 005.... ""* 6.6*0
Corn, cils.. 400 '( Ides, n0....' 198
Eastern 3,2 Pelts, bdls ..'.'JZ 270
Oats, Or, e115.... 215] Wine. gals....^. 63,450
Eastern 1,280 1 Wool, bis 16
Potatoes, sks.... 3 36b Oregon 37
Oregon 6,64*-| earner, r011*.... fln
Onions. •<» — _ 67 -.ime. bbls . . - 81
Oregon, sks.... 846 j Broom Corn, bis, 164
Middling*, etc* 270
latiijf^ • — — «
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Charles and Mary A. King to William Helblng,
lot on E line of Lyon street, 60 S of Fulton. 525
by E 96: oVfc: »10
Mali. on B. Sturges to J. I. M. Shetterley. lot on
SK corner of Lyon auu Oak streets. S 25 by E
91:2: »10. '
Thomas L. and Mary F. Bender to Mary A. E.
Roberts, lot on N line of Jersey street, 226:11 W
of Castro, W 24:4 by N 114: $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
' attorney) to John Lorden, lot n W line ot Doug
lass str-et, 80:6 m of Alvarado, 8 26 by W 100, lot
60, ii eyman 'lract: $10.
Mary K. Wilkinson (Miles) to Svlv'a A. M. Ben
ne t. all interest iv lot on W line of Gilbert street,
126 - of Brannan. 8 26 b.- W 80; *>0
Florinda Thomas to Ka'e 8. Rufiino (as trustee
for Rosa G.. Will am ii., Henry J. and Margaret A.
'i homes) lot on E line of Vermont street, 100 si of
Sonoma or Twenty-fourth, M 25 by E 200: also lot
on W li.ieof Kansa- street, 274:9 N of Yolo or
l wen y-flfth. N 3 Inches by W 100: also lot on N
line of shit Ids street, 25 F of lord, E 50 by N
100, lots 6 aid 7, block 13, City Land Association;
also lot on H line of Day street, 2:0 -W of Church,
W 25 by 8 114. trust dee i; gift and *500.
Solomon and Dora « etz to Richard Mohr, lot on
W line of Eleventh avenue, 260 8 of 1 street. 8 25
by W 120; $10.
William O. Walton to Alexander Slfford, lot on
X line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 250 8 of R
street, d 25 by E 120; .300.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Amelia Miller to a ueust i-chrelber, lot on S line
of san Jose avenue, '.B7:6 W of 1 oru street, W
23:6 by & 150. being tbe W half of lot 10, hock O.
cak Park, Alamo. a flu. *
Philip Miller* to same, same, Quitclaim deed
Alameda; 10.
August. schreiber to Ida A. Traveller, same
Alameda: 910.
Edt Lloyd (Romer) and Fernando Romer to
Alpbonslne Romer, lot on s line of Central venue
300 W of Walnut, W 100 by 8 150. being lots 16
and 17 In X half of bloc* B, lanos adjacent to En
cinal, Alameda: gift. "-",.■ -
Richard and Mary L. Lloyd (by commissioner)
toT F. i.raber and 1 dith ttprague (executors of
bee-ii-tte ol C roilne P. spranuei, re-r. cord 675
of deed 94. lot on > ilne of Dwlght way. 40 X of
Dwlnei;«*} street, E 40 by 8 127, being lot 2, bloik 1
Case Tract, Berkeley; $1124.
• antonio F. Cardoso to Maigarida Cord lot on
W U.e of Main reel, 13- 8 from ihe NE corner
o block 1, t- wn of Plea<anton, tbence M 100. VV
100, N 100 E 100 to beginning, being pottle i of
lots 4 toa 7, bioik 2, pan of PlensanUn, Murray
Township clit. -
Chad, sand Allc» C. Bailey to G. itlchard Meyer,
lot on .-> nne of Addison street. 160 W of Byron 8
140 y W 40. being lot 3 and E lOfa.-tof lot 2
hock X, Bryant iraci, Bt-rkeey: 95. '
Samuel M. aud Harriet H. Haslett to Margaret
O. Br-wn, lot on W lino of Verdi street, 225 - of
Railroad avenue, 8 60 by W 160, being lot 29, En
cinal Park Tract, Alameda: flo
** Mar*** ret <i Brown to Margaret J. Gawthorne.
same. Alameda: $10.
jo in aid Elizabeth Seebeck to Francis Sher
amaky, 10. on 8 line of tayior avenue, 1.0 W of
McPherson street, W 47 by 8 148, being lots 13
and 14, block 17, Oak --hade Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Isaac Ht-cbt with Miller & Peck, excavat
ing, crading. etc., for a two-siory bull line on NE
corner of Jackson and <>ciavi« streets: $4950.
.-a me witb C. i bisholm. carpenter work, etc.. on
same; 9 . 640
>ame with t-tmuel Ickelheimer. plumbing, gas
•fitln a d sewfriog on same; $z.85.
- Same witb J. St. Denis & Co., painting, varnisb
ing and Wvod finish!. i on same; $ . 9U>
- ■ -
BIRDS THAT DO NOT SIT.
They Hatch Out 'Iheir Eggs by Means
of Incubators.
It is well known that the Australian
megapod is a bird that is accustomed not
to sit on its egg-. In certain parts of
Australia are found numerous mounds of
considerable sizj and height which tut
first explorers took to be burial mounds.
These were made by the Megapodius
tumulus, which uses them or batching
its gjs. They hay*- sometimes ci-n-iner
able dimensions. A nest that is fourteen
feet high and fifty-five fee*, in circumfer
ence may be regarded as large. Each
megapod builds its own nest with mate
rials which it gathers from all sides, and
these are exactly what the gardener uses
in tne month of March to make bis forc
ing beds, namely, leaves and decomposing
vegetable mater, which by their fermen
tation give off an appreciable amount of
heat.
In tbe forcing beds this heat hastens the
sprouting of the seeds; in the nest it suf
fices for the development and hatching of
the young birds, and the ir oilier can go
where she likes and occupy her.-elf as sue
wishes, without being troubled by the du
ties of sitting. In the small island of Nin
aiou, in the Pacific, auoiin-r bird -has a
somewhat similar habit, in so: far as ii
also abondons its eggs; but in place ot ob
taining the necessary heat from fermenta
tion it gets it from warm sand. The Lei
poa or native pheasant of Australia acts
like the nn too I, and watches the tem
perature of its mound very closely, cover
ing and uncovering the eggs several times
a day, to cool or beai them, as becomes
necessary. After hatching, the young
bird remains in the mound several ours;
it leaves on the second day, but returns
for the night, and not until the third day
is it able to leave for good the paternal
abode. — Revive Scientifique.
■ m — •
Pepper.
"It has always amused me," remarked
a botanical expert, "to hear people talk of
their preference for black pepper over
white, and the vari us explanations they
give for the same. Little do they know
that both black and white pepper grow
upon the same shrub. Over the pepper
seed grows a black covering. The seed it
se.f is while, or nearly so. To make black
pepper the seed and its external covering
are grouni up, while the wbite pepper is
the seed alone ground up. White pepper
is milder than black, ihe greater part of
the pungency being in tbe covering. A
pepper made of the coverings alone would
be such, to use a slang term, hot stuff that
it would burn the mouth. Tbe black cov
ering of the pepper seed contains the
oil." Washington Star.
• ♦ — »
In Chile they let nothing in the apple
go to waste. There, after making cider
and wine from their apples, tbey extract
from the refuse a white and finely flavored
spirit, and by another process they pre*
cure a sweet treacle, or, as they term it,
honey.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Fkbbdaet. 1837.
Mo. i
iTu.
2
|W.
I —
FT.I
j Sa. i Mood's Phases
0 <pk New Moon.
_*& Keb. 1.
13 Quarter
F h. 9.
20 ■ —
, fif\ Full .Moon.
27 r ° b - 17 -
- Last Quarter
j^/ Feb. 23.
1
3
11
16
17
23
— 5
CX. A.JS M E AiU-fc-RS.
Dat»« of Pepsrtore From Ran Franelaeo.
; D BTINATtuN.
-(li.S.
I PIKR.
rcaia
1 1 oos ttnv |
Oregon pores.. '
I •-in IHm :
; Kamboldtßat ,
! Portland
! Coos Bar '
! Newport !
' Honolulu-....
China* Japan
Uravs Harbor.
| V nun n M*. .
"•an l)le«o.. . i
Vie & l'gt Sod
' Mexico j
j Port an
■ Newport
! Panama.
j Vie A i'et Bnd
I "■-d 21.1.' M
Fel> 31. 5pW
Ken -Jl.llAk.
Fob 21. Urn
Ft-b 22. HUM
F«b 22.12 m
Feb 23, Bam
I Feb Sl* 2pm ■
n-b 23. Ipm;
Feb 24.12 M
tub 24. 9am I
KeD 25 Hah
F-r> 25. »am I
Fet> 25.10 am !
Fe • 27.1UAM 1
reb -27. I' am
Moll 1,12 M
Mcb 2. 'Jam
II leri»
Pier 13
• '.Til
Fieri
Pier 24
Pier S
I l'l»r 1 1
Pier 7
' PM S S
Pier .'
| I'lsr i
Pier 11
Pier 9
! Pier 11
Pier 21
Pl»r 11
PM a i
i I'ler >
v. .... I
i. n.ciuor. >
zarlna !
Currlta J
Australia. ..
>orlc !
uool '
arailou ...
anta Rosa,
mu1111a.. ..
irizaoa
■ta.^ oi Cat.
"oos Bay- . .
canmco. ..
lueen.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
bTKAMKB |
DUIIUI
Weeott I
North Font. ... |
Kurelca_ I
I'mattlla.
Soutb Cowl I
K&rallon
City of Everett. J
i rescaoi Cuy. ..
yncfii
Mate of la.
Acapulco
Coron«
Coos Bay
City Fuebla.... I
Arcala
Mexico
Czarina I
Geo W. Klder..;
Sao 8ia5........ j
Amarapo'Ta. .. i
IGravs Har'ior
Crescent City
Humboidi Bay
I Newport.
I Victoria A Puitet Sound
| Yaquina Bay
| Vaguiua vac
j anal mo.
CreiceDt City
San Diego
I'ortlaaa.
. i 'an am a
jluKituil. Bay.
I Newport
Victoria <ft Pacei SounJ
Coos Bay
'-an Diego
! Coon Bay
] I'ortland
i Panama
Oco< .....
..F«-b 21
..Feb 21
..Feo 21
. FeD 2l
..Feb 21
..Keb 21
Feo 21
..Feb 2i
.FeD 23
..FeD 23
. Keb 24
..Feb 24
Feb '-'4
KfO 26
..Feb in
..Keb 28
..Feb .7
..Feb .8
..Mcli 1
.Men 1
..Men 2
SUN, .MOO- ANO TIDE.
UNITED FTATKB COAST AND OEOr>**TIC StTBVEY
KM and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Foht Point. Entbavck to
Kan Fbancisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the Superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
CUy Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minu es later than at Fort Point, tuo height
of tide Is Mi» «am-» a' both places.
February 18W7.
Suiida . February 21.
Bun rises 6. 621 Moon rises. ...„11.17pn
Su i sets 6 66 1 Moon seta
! it |
T« .ie
i
Feet |
Time
Time
I
•J. 40
4.23
&.. 8
L W
0,38
1.47
50
6.U
4.9
4.8
9.24
10.31'
ii. .sts
12.4 b
B W
6 40
7.48
0.8
0.1
-0.2
-0.4
4 10
6.80
7.00
114
L V*
i *•■•"> 'I
9.42
10.86
11.33
2
3.
3.
28
I SO
4.8
ii Vv
9.18
lo.ie
Note-Iu the above exposition of the tides tbs
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and tha successive tides of the day In tbs
order of occurrence as to time. The second Mm*
column gives the second tide of tba day, the third
lime column tbe third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimaj
recurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United states Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given la subtract! vs
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO JIAKINEBf.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Offlre located in the Merchants* Exchanee is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the'
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on bani tor com-
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can wars be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or Interest to ocjau
commerce.
. Tbe time ball on top of tbe building on Tele-
graph Hill Is. bolsted about ten minutes before
noou. and is dropped it noon. 120 th meridian, by
te.egrapblc signal received each day trom ths
Cnlted stales Naval Ob-erva.ory a. Mare Island.
Cat. . 'IIWISSWi'f ■^lasa.lil 1 IWuiJfflf.'qifi
A notice stating whether the time ball was
•troppe-l on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day uy the afternoon papers,
and by Uxa morning papers the following lav.
W. a Hcorrs.
Lieutenant V. 8. ML. In charga
Tli« lime B*»ll.
Ibakch Tf Tri*o«»»ArHio Own*, c. **. *«.. i
Mkbchants' Excha.sss > .
Pax 1 rancisco. February 'JU. Hs>7. . }
Tbe lime ball on Talegraoa iilu aronoel
exactly at noou to-day— i. «.. at noon of tbe Ujij
UieriiUau, Ur exactly mi. a t. SL. Greenwich urns.
• • W. <x KuaKxs,
Lieutenant V **. N., la charge.
SHJ.PPl_\ii iNTELLItiAJifCE.
Arrive I.
SATURDAY. February 20.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs. S7 hours from Seattle:
2roo tons coat, to P B Cornwall.
Stmr Empire, Reed, 7u hours from Coos Bay:
mdse.etc . io ii t & n Co.y. . -. >
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 85 hours from
De arture ....y ; 2300 ions coal, to Oregon imp Co,
Stmr Corona. Doran. 1 8 hours from Eureka:
pass and mdse, to Goodali. Perk iin <fe Co.
r-tmr Tillamook. Hni.sen, 76 hours from Colom
bia Riv r; lumber, to Ho lard A Dod c.
Stmr Del Norte, storkfleih. 72 hours from Grays
Harbor: past and mdse, to E X Wnoi Lumber Co.
U S stmr Peire . Wool, from crul-e.
Snip i) iental. Parker, 11 days from Departure
Bay ; 2550 tons coal,' to Geo F. tch. ' ■ -* •:-*•■<
Bktn Retriever. So-tan, 10 days from Port Had-
Ioc< : .urn -r,to WJ A ams. , • > ' :
Brig i onsuelo, Ji*co .s->n, 18 da s from Mahu
kona ; siiK-r, to J D preclcels A Bros Co.
Brig "alilee. Dins -iore 35 days from Tahiti:
pais and m-*ts». to M Tur er.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jansen, is hours from
Point A ena; aru, d to Bendei Hr,.*s.
Schr Christina St eft ens, Nordhng. 72 hours from
Fs-Sl II: 50 Mis w<,fld toßAGllbride
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, » days from As
toria: Iv ocr aud aths. to 1) H Bloos Lumber Co
Schr Emma I'laiimna, Nielsen, 3 days from
Enre«a lv ntser, to t.'has Nelson.
Schr Mary E Russ, Blum. 3 days from Eu
reka lumber, to C A Hooper & Co. ' .
Schr Helen N Kimball. Gutiormsen. 2 days from
Eureka; 24U M it lumber. toCna-a Nelson.
Schr Etta B, Ma.isen, 9 hours from Fort Ross.
SO bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett. ..,.
S hr Mabel Gray. Tho upson, 12 days from San
Dteno; bounj to Eureka. Pnt in ln distress. •
-. e—\~e. I ■ i . j. , ■; . ■
SATURDAY. February aa
Stmr City of Para, Morlensen, Panama, etc: P
MSS Co. .....
N-j. stmr F.orlda, Hansen. Comoz: R Duasmnlr
A.Sci-is Co .■<.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hughes. ' Portland; N PS
5 Co. - - i
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, Portland ; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
stmr Mexico, Jensen, San Diego: Goodali, Per
kins & Co.
ship Wm F Babcock, Graham, Honolulu: J D
Spre <fc Bros Co.
tt hal bars: Ly .ia, Jenks, whaling: C J Hendry's
Son A Co.
Bark Oakland, Whitney, Chamoerico; CA Whit
ney <& Co.
Fail-*.
SATURDAY. February 20.
Haw stmr Helene, Heckley. Honolulu.
Bark Big Bonanza. rgman, Tacoma.
Sunt Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr City of Para. Mortensen, Panama, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Kridyeit. Ventur*.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
"-chr Norma, Larson, Tahiti
Schr Melancthon, 1 easlev. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen Coos Bay.
Schr Nozomis. Rons, Port M -rnble.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, Coqullle River.
Schr Fort una, Rosich. Eureka.
Kchr North Bend. Wal.ace, Columbia River.
Returned,
SATURDAY. February 2a
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. hence Feo 14, for Klh
lers Point; returned on accoun of having foresail
blown away in a heavy SW gale.
'lelc-raiiiio,
point i.orois. Feb. 80 -I J l\ -c—Weaths;
clear, wind NW. veioci f ldinltai.
Char**»r«
The bark Empire loads lumber and mdse for
Symey; brig Galilee, mdse ior Marquesas and
Tahiti.
.'nokm.
Dec 20— Lat 56 S, long 71 W, Br ship Forrest
Hall, hence Nov 2, for Grimsby.
Jan 26— Lat 25 .*-, long -6VV, Brshlp Cawdor,
hence Oct lv, for Queemtown.
Jan 30— Lai 17 N, long 39 W, Br ship Valkyrie,
hence Nov 2. for yueeu.->to->vn.
• Nov 1— 7 N. long 120 W, Br ship Wllhelm,
hence Oct 10, for Li pool.
Dec 14— Lat 56 S long 68 W. Br ship Seafarer,
from Liverpool, tor San Francisca
D c 2o— Lai 46 -.long 44 W, Br bark Emblaton,
from Victoria, for London.
Mum ii i ■ i 'or i
EUREKA-. Arrived Feb 20— Stmr National City
from Yaqiilna Hay.
Sailej Feb 20— s:mr Farailon and stmr National
City, fur San Fraucisco.
- SEATTLE— sailed Feb 20— Bark Gen Falrchlid,
for san Franclsca
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Scotia, from
Usal.
aiiel Feb 19 — >tmr Corona, for Sa i Francisco.
. TACOMA- sailed Feb 20— Bktn John omlth, for
Ban Francisco.
HOQL'IAM— Arrived Feb 20-Stmr Coquille
Elver, hence F>b 16.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 20-Stmr Alcazar,
hence Feb 19. •- :
Eastern Port*.'
NEW York— Sailed Feb 19-Haw bark lolani.
for Honolulu. Feb 20— tmr Valencia, for Colon;
F- b 19 — hi > Reace, for Yokohama.
BALTIMORE— Arriveu Feb 19— Ship Slntram,
from st Thomas in tow.
Forei-gn Ports.
FALMOUTH— Arrived F»b 19— Brshlp Armida,
hence Oct 15; Br bark Cuplca, from Oregon.
GLOUCESTER- Arrived Feb 18-Br ship For
mosa, henc» >-c it 23.
. LIVERPOOL- Arrived Feb 19— Dan bark Ter
cera. fru iv Victoria. -v..->;
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence Jan 23.
COLON— sailed Feb 16— stmr Advance, from
New York.
Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Alllanca, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Feb 10— Nor bark Prince
Robert, tor Port Townsend.
AUCKLAND-saited Feb 20— Haw stmr Zea
landia, for San Francisco,
Itrnpo'tatlons.
' MAHUKONA— Per Consueo— 726s bags sugar.
GRAYS -HARBOR— Per D.-1 Norte— 33o M ft
lumber. 4 )>kgs stavebolts. -
TAHITI-PerOalilee-15 tins vanila beans, 84
bb s sin Is. 1049 bags 9**-,674 kilos copra, 46,254
kilos copra, 1 dem John rum, 3100 cocoanuti, 2
bags fungus, 3 c< sauce, 67 bal re io. ton.
COOS BAY— P r Empire -i;50o ft lumber, 1 cs
picks. 33 eds wool, 667 sks potatoes, 2 bbls sal
mon, 13 pkgs mdse, 1 bdt skins. 10 * s cheese, 106
sks bark, 3 coops chickens, 6*o tons coal.
EUREKA— Per Corona— V 6 bxs fish, 19 hf-bxs
fish. 405 M shingles. 1 cs 2 roils leather, 1 cs shoes
1 bx plates. 64 bxs butler, 12 bt-kegs butter. 1 cs
hardware, 33,425 ft lumber. 10 M shakes. 109 bxs
apples. 2cs tools, 1 cow and ca 1. Ics i dse, l bdi
wallpaper, 1 repaint, 1 cs stationery. 2 bbls lari,
8 pkgs household good ■». 11 pkgs express. 20 cs
condensed milk, 170 sks potatoes, 1 cs stationery,
3 bois cider, 2cs frogs, 22 doors, 5 cs cider, 20 sks
peas, 2 s»a seed.
lomlj-iPiM.
Ter Consuelo— Williams, Dimond & Co: Welch
A Co. '
! Per Del Norte— E X Wood Lumber Co; Weston
Basket Mf *,* ca
• Per Galilee— J Plnet & Co; M Turner; Wllklcs &
Co; I E Thayer
Per Emp re— Wells, Fargo* Co; Wolf* Son: C
J Murr y: McDonough & Kunyon: F Steams A
Co; standard m Co; Thomas Lougbran; Gieen *
Shad-; HDo*ar<l: OCftNCo: PS Mage: Capt
Reed: Cunningham, Curttss* Welch: Jas Laudo;
J H Newbauer & Co
Per i oro.. a— American Union Fish Co; Arctic
Oil Works; A Paladini : A C Nichols & Co; M Ka/
<& Co; Amer Tress Assn: Brlgham, Hoppe-tfc Co; A
L Bryan SioeCo: Baker <£. Hamilton: California
Pou try Co; Dodge, Sweeney * Co: A J i-aiazar; R
W C I.arsen: Dairymen's Union ; Mahoney Bros)
C Dose .er; Langley & Michaels: B BachelJer;
Mi honey Broi; k Week-*: National Ice «o; RW
C Lai sen: Union Meat Co: Standard Oil Co: WP
Sargent; Wells, Fargo* Co; WP Fuller* Co: J
Roccatagliata; Kills Bros: U Camlllunt* co; J M
Vano»; W C Price & Co: J H Newbauer * Co; X
M Heckman; B Calio; Gets Bros * Co; J Butler;
F B Halght; J B Insu .-Ua: Pacific Coast Fish Co;
I Trai-aul<fcCo; N Faranttno; M Kftllsh A Co; X
R *•> evens * Co: Norton, Teller * Co: o ■> Smith
6 Co; Wheaton, Breon * Co : Russ, Sanders * Co;
Marshall, Teggart *Co: McPherson * Rnckrr:
McDonough* Kunyon: Ross * Hewlett; Pacific
Coast Lumber and Mill Co; Wltzel A Baker; H
Dntird. ' -
BANK - AND BANKERS.
TDE mm SAVJGS Lol?lociET^
526 California it., S, F.
Guarantee capital and surplus .$2,040,201 68
Capital ac ually paid up in cash 1.0j0.00 » DO
Deposits, 1 ecember 31, 1896 27,730,1:47 45
Offlc rs: President, B. A. Becker; First Vice-
President, Dan. el Sieyer; second VI- e-Pres'deut,
H. Horstmann; Cathler, A. H. R. Schmidt; As-
sls ant Cashier, William Herrmann; Secretary.
George Touritr: Assistant Secretary, A. H. ilul-
ler. Attorney, W. -. Unodfel ow.
Board <>f Directors: B. A. Becker. Daniel Meyer,
H. Horstmann, Ign. stelnbart, N. Van Bergen, K.
Rotate, U. B. Russ, D. N. Walter and N. Obiandt,
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
In STOCKS, BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels.
OUR SYSDIiAW FLAB OF SPtCULATON
affords large and small Investors the dual advan-
tages of safety and most satisfactory return* on
aunts o! 225 to 1000. Piospectus and Market
Letter mulled free.
SETTLEME NTS SEMI - MOVTHLT-
DeWOLP & CO., Bankers & Brok rs.
Bank References. 50 Broadway, N. Y. City.
$5 PROFIT °S,K E o 5 *S I OO
PAID TO OUR CLlt* NTH DURI O THK
past week. Checks for profits together with
statement mailed eacb Saturday. Under our Sys-
t m of ridicule Sue ula: lon, we have been able
to pay from 510 8 per cent weekly. Pamphlets
explaining our method < mulled free on application.
S AM. KELLER & CO.,
BANKdRj AND BROKERS,
Establish- d 1887. 44 Broadway, Mew York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS!
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At •> V. 3d. Daily. Freight received up
to :S 1 P. M. "
jay Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
'1 he only line st.mi- through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all pom.so u Valley
Raliroa,:.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters, Vy:
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and imp*. Of
Shippers and
Buyers' Guide*
THE CALL . endorses and
recommends as thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in this
column.
D. E. ALLISON & CO.,
General Commission Murchani,
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain," Potatoes, Beana,
Produce, Woo, etc
501-509 Front St., s' F.
— . . rk—
DALTON BROS.,
Green and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce
Poultry and Eggs. .
317-319 Davis St.. S. K.
JOHN DEMARTINI & CO.,
Wholesale. Dealers *in Foreign and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts. Produce, etc
315-317 Washington street, S. F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale I'ealers In Foreign and Domestla
Fruits. Nuts. Produce, etc.
433 Front sii«--*-t. s F.
GARCIA & MAGGIM
Tropica!, Green and Dried
Fruits and Nuts.
301-307 DRUMM STREET, S. F.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
Green and Dried Fruit*, Nuts. Poultry, Eggs.
Butter, Game, Potatoes and Pe.ms.
305-309 V asliingtoii tret, >. F.
H. HECKMANN & CO.
WHOL..SALI-: DJKALEKS IN*
Dried Fruits, Produce, Poultry, Game
and I-'ggs. 1
400-402 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
MINAKER & WELBANKS
Wholesale Dealers 'n California and Ore?oa Fruit
ana Pro Jute, Eygs, Poultry, etc.
501-503 bansome Street, S. K.
NASH & BOESSENEGKER,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
Irn ts. Nuts, Produce, Poultry, Eggs, etc.
311-313 Washington St., s. F.
L. SCATENA & CO.,
Sole aeent for the Southern California 1 ruit Ex-
change; dealer in Green and Dried Fruits. eic
104-111) Washington st.
Branch 16-32 Washington Street.
GEO. W. TINDAL CO.
General Commission M Tenants
And Wholesale Dealers .in Fruits and
Produce
500-503 SAXSO. STREET, S. F. .
TROBOCK & BERGEN,
Comm Merchant*.
Wholesale Dealers in Fruits and Produce.
504-506 Sansome Stre. t, S. F.
WOLF & SONS
General Commission Merchants.
321-323 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Plane COAST_STEA3ISniP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAY /ML.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: s^fXT?***
For Mary Island, Lorlng. Wrangel. Jnneau, Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 0 a. it., F-b. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma Everett, Anacortes and
New W. atcom (Bellisgham Eay, Wash). 9a. it.
Feb. 4, 10, li, 20, 26, and *rvery tlfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the "c. P.R.
R., at 1 'ai oma with N. p. B. X., at Seattle with ii.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For 1 ureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum*
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. tt., Feb. 1. 5,9, 13;
17. 21, 85. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San 1 vis Obispo), Gsviota, Sauta
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, t-an Pedro, East Sat
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Feb. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourta
day thereafter.
For «an Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Tort Los An-
peles. Redondo (Los An-seles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. It)
a. M. 25th of each month
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Paiaee Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. -. •„ • •
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
-r.:'>"_. , 10 Market st., San Francisco.
* ■ m^ m
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST SIKAMERSTO ■
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA P"C"/»'2 First-class 1 ' Including
-£l-LVXj\s6 Second-class /berth & meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 2*
State of California Feb. 7. 17,27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern poluta. Bates and lo.ders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Hene-al Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO.. Superintendents
Pm-mmmZtm as. ACSTBALIAIW
sbififf 3L HONOLULU only.
■»W ■£**■ M * Tuesday. J-ebruar- 23.
L JSiy "^-^.^ at 2p. v. Special party
iMTlsflincJ S. S. ALAMKDA
(ICUlllJlliy^ sails via HOXOLCLU
™ /smß?niUand AUCKLAND for
VyiiipUlMjp bydNEY, Thursday,
varch I, at 2 p. it.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, AnsU.and CAPETOWN
Eouth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Fre"*ht office. 827 Mark« at-' san r'rnncl-Mio.
COSPAGSIE GENERAL TBilS ATUITIQDI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42NOKTH jaxmrn
River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by -**rs*ij
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel ln a small
| boat, l\ew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class 9 100. second class 9116.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 A.X
LA IjASLOUNK.. March 6. 6a. sc
LA BKETAGNE March IK. Ba. ic.
LA NORMAN* DIE Mar n :0, sa. X
jfcS" Fur further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. S. Bowling Green. New York.
T. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Fiancis a
WHITE m\\ LIMB.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer)
BITWBE.-* -
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool*
>An,i'Mi KtfctU /-. EX.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- Jtsi-s_a\
Ins; to steamer and accommodatio-is t£se\est
selected : second cabin. 9 2 CO and «i ■ 60; Majes.ia
ami Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England. Ire.
land,' < Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
i sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
trom W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 6i3 Market street
under Grand Hotel. U. W. ti.e it HE it.
General Agent for Pacltic coast.
FOX VALLEJO AID U. S. SIVYYABUL
STEAMER ••aiONTICKLLO."
Dally ex. Sa urday A Sun.. 10:30 a. ic and 4 c «.
t-aiurda»s •10:30 a.m., 4r a
Sundays - *g , t m,
Landing Misslon-stree Do<*k, pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
"Trip gives 6 hours stuuat Navy- Yard. .
FOR 'SM JOaE," LOS 10S & SAIT4 CRUZ
CRAMER ALVISO LEAVe" pTmiZ?
o,isy. Wedn.sday. IridayT at 10 it M °. "
1 uesdav. Thursday. Saturday, it a. „* E~Sh?
and Passenger. Fare between Kan w r^. Frm '^
Alvlso, 50c; to San Jose. 75a ' j p* ai V*
2930
KEEPING TALLY
BY CARD SYSTEM
How the Records of the
A. 0. U. W. Are Now
Being Kept.
•A Piece of Pasteboard Tells a
Member's Official History
• at a Glance.
Overhauling 34,000 Accounts to Ob
tain Data Necessary for
Statistics.
In the office of Grand Recorder Hirsh
berg of the California jurisdiction ol the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, in the
Flood building, there have been at work
for several weeks a number of young ladies
and young men, surrounded by piles of
papers and cards.
These young persons have been during
that time carrying out the instructions of
the statistical commission of the order to
I\mZ Card That Shows the Standing of Members of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen.
prepare the condition of the membership
of the order in California by what is known
as the card system— system which at a
glance will tell the standing of any
member.
As the order has been growing it has
been discovered that there was need for
more complete and more accurate statistics
'than had been furnished in the past, and
the commission appointed to gather such
facts and figures as wilt enable it to de
termine at any time the standing of the
order concluded that the statistics should
be compiled so as to show : (1) Full name,
place of birth, occupation, name and num
ber of lodge, name of jurisdiction, num
ber and amount of each beneficiary certifi
cate for each member; ('J) dale and age of
admisssion; (3) date ot and age at sus
pension or withdrawal by final card ; (4)
date of and age at death and cause oi
death ; (5) duration of membership
months, days; (6) number of members at
each present age. December 31 of each
year.-in each class, viz. : $1000 or $2000; (7)
schedule of assessments by months ana
years.
To secure these by the ordinary meth
od- would have proved a very tedious
k.jorand results presented would have
been very cumbersome, so it decided to
adopt the card system, now m vogue in
tbe'pension bureau at Washington, D. C.
The accompanying card is the very con
cise form in which the history of each in
dividual member is brought down. To
reach this conciseness was a matter of
study and the card was not evolved in a
day.
"Our statistics," said the grand re
corder, "will when completed give the of
ficial record of every man who now is or
has ever been a member of the Order of
Workmen in tbis State. These cards will
be divided into three classes, and they
will be those of the living ana in good
standing, the living who for one cause or
another have been suspended, and the
dead. The cards will be placed in spe
cially constructed racks that fit in a cabi
net, arranged in alphabetical order, so
that after finding the name of an individ
ual by means of what is known as Grave's
index,' the most intelligent index ever pre
pared, the card can be found in a minute,
and that tells the standing of the member
at once. Under the old system it would
take a long researcn through applications,
reports, tiles and hooks, and the searcher
was lucky if he could get a satisfactory
record in halt an hour.
"But to accomplish what has already
been obtained has required a great deal
'of labor. There has been the overhauling
of more than 34,000 original papers to as
certain the name, nativity, occupation
and other data to make the preliminary
entries. Then mere was the search to
discover the progress of a mem after
having been admitted into the order and
his standing on the last day of the last
year, lt has taken time and as the phrase
cops a. great deal of 'digging.'
•'The cards are numbered numerically
in the order of the issuance of beneficiary
certificates. The first one is that issued
to William H. Wood, a member of Cali
fornia Lodge No. 1, who is still alive, now
in his sixtieth year and a resident of St.
Helena, Napa County, where he is raising
vines. He was at the time he joined a
printer in the employ of Joe Winterburn
and was with him for many years. He is
a past master workman of his lodge, but
he has never occupied any higher posi
tion, not being anxious for office.
"From these cards," continued the
grand recorder, "there has to be made up
the statistical tables that have to be for
warded to the statistical commission.
These are made out on sheets specially
prepared by the commission and when
completed will be of incalculable value to
th£ order in determining upon examina
tion of the deaths, occupations and other
information the class of people who, as
they say in insurance circles, 'are the best
risks.'
"Now that the card entries are almost
finished it will not require much time to
keep up th- record of each individual
member. This is the only order that bas
done this work, and now that it is done it
will prove a great convenience."
AGAINST A COMMISSION.
Ex-Mayor Sutro Issues an Address to
the People of America.
Ex-Mayor Sutro has issued the follow
ing, entitled "The True Question Before
Congress," addressed to the people of the
United States:
Ignominiously beaten iD the four last ses
sions of Congress in its desperate efforts to
pass a funding bill, the octopus, still deter
mined to carry the day, has concocted an art
ful scheme, innocent on its surface, by which
it intends to realize its original aims and
maintain the monopoly and mastery over the
whole Pacific Coast for possibly a century to
•Come, enslaving and demoralizing the people
and practically ruling over them with an iron
rod, besides in-all probability defrauding the
Government in the end of its "just du-s.
' To have a commission to settle the Central
Pacific Indebtedness would be more dangerous
than refunding. What has the United States
! to settle with Mr. Huntington, a debt or a
I crime? That is the question. Plain law hon
• oily applied through foreclosure will di>
-1 covor the whereabouts ol the looted security,
restore it to Its rightful owner and thus col
l lect the debt. What then is there to settle '•'
I Dues Congress, tnrough this commission, pro
! pose to usurp the functions oj ihe courts? if
not, what is there for that body to do? We
1 criminally punish the compromises of felonies.
Does Congress intend to compromise fraud ?
There is nothing else to compromise. Lei
foreclosure go on. The debt is good. Prove
to the people that before the law Mr. Hunting
ton is no bettet than any one of the 70,000,
--* 000 of individuals that constitute the United
j State*. Respectfully submitted,
Ai>olph Pijtro.
Sutro Heights, San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 18,
! 1897.
MRS. TEOWBEIDGE'S WILL,
O. O. Mills, the Great Hanker, Takes
Charee of a 86350 Estate.
D. O. Mills, owner of the Mills build
ing, has filed a petition to be appointed
executor of the estate o. Sarah H. Trow
bridge, who died in this City on the 13th
inst., leaving an estate valued at $6350.
Mr. Mills evidently stood high in the
estimation 01 the testator, for in naming
him as executor she says: "D. 0. Mills,
my dear and trustworthy friend, I do
hereby appoint you as my executor of this
my last will, without bonds or other out
side control."
Mr. Mills would not ordinarily deal with
an affair with so small an amount of money
involved, but in appreciation of the con
dence reposed in him by his dead friend
has expressed a willingness to manage the
affairs of the estate until they can be
leeally settled. Judge Slack will take up
the matter on the 2 1 of next month. John
Flournoy ia attorney for the executor.
The will was executed at Albany, N. V.,
September 7. IS9I. The property is be
queathed to friends and relatives.
GOVERNOR BUDD SCORED.
Pressmen and Bookbinders Criti
cize Sharply His Veto
Message.
Resolutions Adopted Concerning the
State Printing Office and Pri
vate Contracts.
At a regular meeting of the San Fran
cisco Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24,
held on Wednesday, February 17, and at a
special meeting of Bookbinders' Protec
tive and Benefit.-. al Association of San
Francisco No. 31, held on Thursday, Feb
ruary IS, the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, Governor James H. Buda, in his
veto message to the Assembly of the State of
California, dated February 9, 1897. has seen
fit to make use of the following language, re
lating to the State Printing Office: "1 would
suggest that for the next two years specific
appropriations be made to each department
or office of the State requiring printing of an
amount equal to one -half of the yearly
average amount charged against tbem for
work done during the preceding four years,
and that they be permitted to procure such
printing as they may require at establish
ments owned by private parties, by contract
or otherwise, as you may require, their claims
to be subject to the allowance of the Board of
Examiners. I would recommend no Interfer
ence with the authority of Superintendent ol
State Printing, other than as above stated;
but lit the expiration of his term I believe, as
I statea in my recent message, that great
economy would result from the letting of our
public printing by contract to the lowest bid
der"; and •
Whereas, The natural outcome of the adop
tion of these suggestions made by Governor
Budd involves the perpetuity of the State
Printing Office and its continuance as an insti
tution employing a great number of union
mechanics; ana whereas, the maintenance of
tnis office and its continuance as a union
establishment affect materially the condition
of our trade and the interests of all union men
of this State; therefore be it
Resolved, That it is the belief of San Fran
cisco Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24 and
Bookbinders' Protective and Beneficial Asso
ciation of San Francisco No. 31, in meeting
assembled, that the published criticisms of
the State Printing Office in reference to the
number of people, employed therein are mis
leading and untrue and display a woeful lack
of information on the subject and an utter
ignorance ot the several branches of work per
formed in said office; and
Resolved, That in the opinion of these unions
these continued attacks on the State Printing
Office and those employed therein have their
origin with the notorious "schoolbook ring"
and its agents, and lt is our firm belief tbat all
this is being. done in a covert endeavor to
again fasten upon the parents of the school
children of this State the exacting burdens of
the old schoolbook combine; and
Resolved, That we oppose the introduction
of the system of private contract of public
printing as injurious to the best interests of
our trade and the people of the State of Cali
fornia, as its adoption will cause the abolish
ment of the State Printing Office.
Resolved. That copies of these resolutions be
furnished to the press, to Governor James H.
Budd, to the honorable members of the Cali
iomia Legislature, and to our sister unions
throughout the State, under the seal of these
unions.
John W. Thornlf.y. President Sin Francisco
Printing Pressmen's Union, No. 24.
James H. Roxburgh, secretary.
J. A. Rutherford, President Bookbinders'
Protective and Beneficial Association of San
Francisco. No. 31.
William b. Curtis, Secretary.
SHOT OUT HIS EIGHT.
Attorney Thomas J. Quigley Arrested
on the Charge of Battery.
Thomas J. Quigley, an attorney, • was
arrested in the City Hall yesterday morn
ing and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of battery. He was Immediately
released on bis own recognizance by
Judge Campbell.
Quigley haa been retained as counsel
by James O'Connell, who was arrested
Friday on a charge of attempt to assault
Gussie Arnold, but later O'Connell re
tained Walter Gallagher, who procured
his release on bonds.
O'Connell's case was called in Judge
Low's court yesterday morning and con
tinued. As he emerged from the court
room Quigley, who was standing in the
corridor, punched him twice on the nose,
making the blood flow. O'Connell went
to the Receiving Hospital and Quigley
was placed under arrest.
Services Recognized.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department re
ceived a communication yesterday irom
Timothy Hopkins inclosing a check for $50
for the department's charitable fund in recog
nition of the efficient manner In which the
firemen handled the fire in his building on
Market street, near Tenth, early Thursday
morning.
Jewelry store. 6 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny streeu
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1897.
ROS " ' HALE BROS. I RALE BROS. | HALE BROS. I HALE BROS
rj) FIRST IN THE HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE. rfl
Vf ==f THE "WASHINGTON" OF SAN FRANCISCO STORES. VZ^Z . TT
71 w><>o<>ooooo<k>oo<>oo<k>o<>ooooo<>ooooo<>o<xk> 000000 ooooooooooooooo<xxx>ooooooooo IJ
r) • y^i-r***^ —^v I m this . w i /^"^v^~^\ m
V / 5 "heartf; SPECIALS. \ I ; A ■ WEEK. m \"f smumm _ \\J
f \ If Wasblnßton's hatchet cuts deep this week, 1 Jo "" — NFW 3 / '• 1 - _
I J § Some -cherry" chips. 1 Jo ..... C " °) / When (J. W. cut the tree he told the truth. 1 S*Tt\
\/ I BASTING COTTON^Qyards. big spool. I g MAIL -< s^s^s^^ ARRIVALS. 3 / We cut prices, and telUhe truth about them. 1 ( \
\S I white only. Special. l*V;c Spool 1 C, ORDER 3 1 UNBLEACHED SHEETING. 2% yards 1 V /
fj KMT I ING SILK, 90 yards, large spool, ail | g X*K * I ' f\ » IV VF We are quoting 2 I customer 0 ) *ff* I\S
1 goodcoiors. special l^cspool 'I g Send us your In II ft P i new arrivals in our Hi . v „ „ I _>f-|
\ chenille roKiiTREs - 3 v.m, i^ / E nam 3 for our new S'",&' '1 ** ever day. Re- 5 I "ffi^SSS KS?»M I^ll
I heavy fringe, dado top and bottom. Very I Jo " a ™ , $A.SOI P" i^ I member you are 3 1 .. Si.OU Dozen I L^l I
I special..... 9'i. 25 Each I g catalogue, to be -^n^*' , ">^ equally welcome o) 1 """(Oniy 2 do/An to a customer.) . I rjU
\ GENTS' LAUNDERED SHIRTS, sizes 14, / >o ' issued shortly. A >^^^ looking: Or buying. 3 I BEDSPREADS 2x21/i yards, pearl hem- ' / \
\ a i a ! ffwUl^'a»4 , J?_a / £ handsomely illus- We ask you to see 3 \ mcd. ready to us^speciai. 75c Each / \
\ * / G 120-Daee Fashion *llts££§§P§ss^ our novelties, com- 3 \ damask napkins. 16x16 inches, ail / 1
V CLOTH BRUSHES. / £ _ , iT5< pare our prices 3 V linen, bleached, fast edge. special /
lVe\ a stiff brush, a dirt / £ Book, sent free to f^^^V- and forma just 3 \ """ 6i>c Dozen / I
ftMYX KSSffitoS^S-S X V/b £ peopleinthecoun- |DRESS fe conclusion as to 3 \ hairbrushes. / /
v * X able, special- X Bliy 1° try. % C OOrV«\ Jfe where you want 3 L ? W\ a good brush for gentle- /_ 1 U
fA OFTHL.V 19c Each. S'mmJL * llvv'UOj^, to buy. 3 nnirp\ men. This week spe- /[NIL-Vi /^v-\
Q FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. g iUNDE-R- I | FRISCO' SBU^EST STORE C /
/ />/ l I ** JbJJbtC t~i DCJEU^St. * ' V^ IV l -^^ r-v »-v ■-* *-m *-~ jT^
I f I -Bought on a pinch.' they say. Yes. and a tight pinch too. Paid about % their worth. "^^A j£^£. l\ W~* Wl I lUIhCC /^/"■I'ArBC At I
i r _r i I Our synipailii.s to the maker. Our congratulations to v. v. -»<§§?< v^^^? * ■-' *\*.w-4 oj **J \S\j\J WJaJa V ■I f
I^—' SCH^ed^d U e^ RC . HI l! F . aD .7 251 z I SWISS H ANDKERt HIKES (Fancy 20 C ea The vanguards of sr.rinp h t r»iH - hoi 10 m6 - e » CheCk9 « d "■" «<^ »«^"- Vt^
I Printed Borders,, ! doz ! scallope-i) ea now on e xhibmo n P s°™ T^-^
I I SCHOOL HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem- Q^C i SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Main Hem- OAC -^»>^— oiuon. ace our window. 1 I
I I stitched) OOdoz I stitched) -JV/ ea FANCY CHECKED CHEVIOTS— S> tstf-vc rnrpro . »,......« , t a .. II
If SWlss HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem-  C SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Swiss Em- 9 r|C Inch, large swell checks, ve?/u P^ ore iTcb^oth l^TaUo^S^Ua 'i n*EC \l
stitched. Embroidered lon erl 4ea fc wi^ll_&KKTC^^ Cor^ OAC — Prtce Green. Brown or Blue - * ' a is^ JS MrtS^IRK4?M 75° II
j MISSES' HANDKERCHIEFS (Union *1 Ac ners vtrv swell) 20 ea Yard Inch. Hale's Price f. .... Yard 1/
I Linen, Hemstitched) 1 0 ea 3Wlss' HANDKERCHIEFS (iJace In- O'C & nfllA^lfl Vrt « 11
M MISSES' HANDKERCHIEFS (Union *1 QIC s-rtiou) -0 ea V I 111 li I\l' V II
II Linen, Superior) 1 — •» ea SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Lace Edge. <•)-*<• lIMm 111 (Hil It
'** SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Fancy IAC lin broidered) --Ue. *T * v v, " i- " ! FANCY rwi.'rir«s , ,^ (I
/^w-v Scalloped).. lUea SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem- O-C make ab-autifui «^' h WOuW „ NEW CHE VIOTS-Basket-weave effect, free V
( A SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Point de *| AC -stitched. Embroidered) ....... ....... ZO ea Sl wool srrd 1 v »ri ff fe' 40 C soft, heavy, desirable, a grand line of 70 ..^-fc.^v
V I Paris Corners) .... " lUea SWlss HANDKERCHIEFS (Point Lace OCC BOYS' BLACK COT- «' »«oi and 1 yard wide. Hale's tIU colorings, 48 incn. Hale's Price. ... Yard f^\
X J SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Hemmed. IAC .wST-afSn^^PHttiß 'riitaii; Oen - TOX HOSE heavy, «d II
\m*S Openwork Corners) 10 SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS .Embroi- 9 c narrow- ribbed, high \ /
cn-i^u.vi.L-vix.uiLi-.,,, li' 7 ' «* dered, Scalloped) -•' e» sol eed, double kne<e. 6 V. /
OSv\ISSHANDKERCHIH*>(Hemmed. *i «c SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Point de tire \ to 10. A new arrival \aS
Openwork .°'™ a ::<'eh2iC Venls Lace Edge) J.O ea isc Pair * M tis v syg'^'«. 40° " !! «?s^£fs«_ m
"ißJßßessS!!!?ij!=; i2j c - f an^«*«ne , *a i nf»>L i 15c Pair * a lsr s ' T v° R, 't°«"'~'- 4o c "S'*sF , s?Kf/-Ejsi'>» r^
SWlss HANDKERCHIEFS (Lace 1 91C .«l 50, *1 85. a-, W 60, *3 and up to *15 each. a. *********-— ———— bound to be popular. Hale's Price... Yard Price new, 00 inch. Hale tff)X-— I 1
Edge) 1-2 ri big assortment at tacb price. " j * *" x m J
SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem-TOIC PrKI , • IJ7\ T>KF KCHIFFS INFANTS' BLACK \uS
sa****e+T \ stitched. Lace Insertion) 1-2 ea YMK.*. I.ll* llA*iliHt>KtlllbFS. CASHMERE HOSi- Tf^ .
I 1 I SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS ilieni- i 91c: Two Specials, Both Plain Hemstitched, great seamless plain or yfl
I I J stitched. 1 ace Corners) J— _' a values, all pure flax. Prices: shaped, all sizes. Halt's NFW «ILi*<i-* I , .i.m.i m..v c.■ 22- INCH GROS DE LONDRES SILK— r**\ I
Y-rslJ SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Fancy 1 9IC P 15 c and a Each. price „ ."» 8 * -,* ° ttM I.'1 .' -00 in Brown, Blue. Garnet. ttl 50 Cl )
SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Lace J->^2 ea VERY SPECIAL. 15cPair.' ,<„k „, . a,k to see them. Hale's $5 1— and Cream, always Pink Thlslefson en. 1 li- ITH-'
SWISS hIndKERCHIEFS (Lace 1 VERY SPECIAIj. 15cPair. elegant, ask to see them Hale's $J— and Cream, always 9L This se-Ison $1 — TT i -'
i .uwf'HVviivvWcini -iT "■■••/,•• ,^,f* Tuesday we will sell our 10c and i2%C Jap- ard « Hale's Yard r> I
/ SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem- ice anese Silk Handkerchiefs Special. Plain I — >s^w^>w^w-. eAm.rn.mmm.... u - u^-- Jlun _- . lit
/ stitched. I.ace Insertion) ICO" Colors. H.m.tii^.,l the entire lot Tuesday at { ■ XTV^ *^ rw r vvv> "^"^^^^^A^^^*^-.-*^^wvw^ S j > XI.
- / SWISB HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem- ire Colors, Hemstitched, the entire lot Tuesday at ■'■<■■■■■■■'■- - __ _ ' _ _t! u^^^_«. .j
I . itched. Openwork) 10 ea o%oK*ch. LADIES' BLACK COT- /*• I flAl^C MF? \\/ I A C _ li
| SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS (Fancy 1- c (See Our Handkerchief Pump" workinjr in TON HO*h, maco vLUnIVj. I>CW LAtCO. I
I I _^^^i- - •;:•-•;; ' -•:• • ;^- '^! ,°" r^-- in d ° w " * _ j do" dve 7.cld II
L) -pURTJISHING^GOoSs^^^^^^ ***** xr,' 3 ; double toes YOUR CHOICE FOR $3.95 EACH-Two lots ,jL bi £ 0 * 3 ?, st K * ,ved by express. Too late to /l
*** B '-' -» *-- l; * 1 ■*" 13 - ,a -Ai*Jl VJ- -L-ra^CJJS. Hale's price LADIES' MIXED TAN* japkvts; with advertise. Probably on our counters by 9am I I
jims^ms. LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS, i LADIES' NON-SHRINKING WOOL- ,_ H _ . slashed collar or a BU( X UUU' 'I J xrK ! Tuesday- Ask lor them. counler3 D y »a. M. M
Hi H.N. 1. S. or H. N. S. I' Jersey- -.- MIXED VESTS, natural gray or 7'C ] 15cPair. 1- T. both inlaid "wUli Tve and «rv nobby" ______ «-.
I I ribbed and shaped, fleeced, crochet rAC white, heavy fleeced, jersey-ribbed. iO The Boucle can be wo as a notch collar or ■ „ {?**%..
\ J n^»nd front, d.awers to matcn. OU Our price Garment button square, sizes 32 to 40; one iwa V%\, the >A * / T
\S ° arPdC °" °* rmeDl LADIES' NON-SHRINKINO WOOL- \ TT^ZZ "^ ? *' Thls Week C/ / /7 X o^X V 7
— / A y, > — mixed vests, H. N. L. S.. jersey- A c LADIES' LACK cot- 53.95 Each. . 7~7~/^f l/ C / XJ^V-T>»— /• X •
\ ) CsfCU&C^^ klnn,.^ night- ?h°e Ubl^c S _£_S£ "^.^f^Jlffp^ l^' * b * tattW! / [INCORPORATED] H
\ / ""-Z /.U/l/L.^smet^str r \mS mS , gowns, swsnsdown. the heaviest /TEC Hale's price very an el - xiate s price- < - > _ — V #
V / (INCORPORATED] I esc^:.!^-.^^.^!!!f. m ; iE 29c Pair. (Th!S"Si. » 937-945 Market Street, V/
< _^^ tinisisaifiu jacket.) sAN - i'KANCISCO. N^
McENERNY NOW
HOLDS THE FORT
The Supreme Court Decides
Against George A.
Knight.
Final Settlement as to Who Is
State Board of Health
Attorney.
Office Declared to Be Not Elective,
bat One of Gubernatorial
Appointment.
Garret W. McEnerney remains now in
undisputed possession of the office of at
torney for the State Board of Health, and
George A. Knight is an "ex."
The Supreme Court in bank has at last
decided in very terse style in only two
written pages.
Knight was appointed attorney for the
State Board of Health by ex-Governor
Markham under the provisions of an act
of June 18. 1891. July 11.1895, Governor
Budd appointed Dennis Spencer as
Knight's successor, but Knight refused to
vacate.
Spencer began action against Knight,
and judgment was rendered in favor of
the former. An appeal to the Supreme
Court was taken from this decision. When
Spencer died McEnerney was appointed
as his successor.
Knight claimed the right to retain the
office from the language employed in the
latter part of section 1 of the act creating
the office, wbich states that the appointee
"shall hold his office as such attorney for
the term of four years and until his suc
cessor is elected and qualified," while for
mer language recites that "such attorney
shall be appointed by the Governor."
In rendering decision the Supreme
Court asserts that there is no provision in
the section or elsewhere upon the statute
book that the office shall be provided for
by an election. That construction fails to
give effect to the provision* declared with
definiteness and attributes a controlling
effect to a provision which is merely sub
sidiary and incidental to the purpose of
the act. Accordingly the court argued
that Knight's contention that his suc
cessor had not been properly elected and
qualified was not based upon good
grounds.
"The additional words, 'until his suc
cessor is elected and qualified,' " so the
text of the decision runs, "cannot have
the effect to overcome the previous decla
ration that the officer is to be. "appointed,'
or justify an inference that the office
should be elective. .v.. :;
"That the provision in the act that 'such
attorney shall be appointed by the Gov
ernor,' was intended by the Legislature to
apply to future incumbents of the office
is abo corroborated by the lact that no
provision has been made for an election of
the officer, or the constituency by which
he should be elected."
Accordingly the judgment of the lower
court was affirmed. Mr. Knight steps
out.
Little Pete Murder.
Judge Joacbimsen did not give his decision
yesterday on the motion to dismiss made for
the defendants la the case of Wong Sing and
Chin Pov, charged with the murder of Little
Pete. The prosecution promised to Introduce
more evidence and a continuance was granted
till Tuesday.
MORE OPIUM SMUGGLING.
A. Chinese Arrested for A en i sting in
[ Transporting: the Seductive Drug.
The business of smuggling opium still
goes on despite the apparent efforts of the
customs officers to put a stop to the prac
tice. The stuff is brought into this port
from Victoria, Panama and from China
direct, but the authorities are oniy able to
seize small quantities at long intervals.
From all appearances the large dealers
and smugglers are able to keep out of
sight and free from molestation.
The latest in the opium smuggling line
to come to the surface was the seizure of
eight tins of opium that was being sent to
Portland, Or., through Wells, Fargo <fe Co.'s
express, and the arrest of the consignor,
Ah Jeong. The arrest and seizure were
made late Friday night by Special Agent
Jackson and Chinese Interpreter Harry
Huff. Although Portland lies geographi
cally nearer to Victoria than to San Fran
cisco, still it appears as though it is easier
to get the drug into this City and ship it
back more than half the distance.
Whether this seizure will lead toother
seizures remains to be seen, for the arrest
ing officers are very reticent about giving
out any of the facts of tne case.
EASTERN RATES FIXED.
Chicago Men Will Have to Pay
$76 50 to See the Carson
Fight
Prominent Nebragkans En Route Here
to Raise Money ior the
Exposition.
The round-trip rates to Carson from as
far East as Chicago were finally estab
lished yesterday, and General Passenger
Agent Goodman received a dispatch to
that effect. It read:
The rates authorized from Chicago are
$/6 50; from St. Louis, $72 50; from Missouri
River points, $05, the latter on sale Marcli 12
and 13. The tickets will be on sale in Chicago
and St. Louis on March 13 and 14. A continu
ous parage is required In each direction.
The final return limit is March 25. These are
on the basis or one fare to Ogden and 35
thence.
The dispatch was sent out from the
headquarters at Chicago.
"This is the last of the rates," said Mr.
Goodman. "Everything is fixed now, and
we are through with it. lam glad it is
all adjusted."
Mr. Goodman was notified from Omaha
yesterday that G. W. Wattles, president
of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition, and
some twelve of the leading men of Omaha
had started in a special Pullman car for
San Francisco via Portland. The object,
as stated, was to visit the various Legis
latures in reference to appropriations for
the exposition to be held at Omaha in
LBBB.
-.y^L J hls Con re « has appropriated
■5100,000. However, there is not enough
money by far, as would appear, to carry
out the grand idea of the exposition, and
a strong effort will be made to get mare.
The Omaha visitors ought to arrive
here in a few days.
False Imprisonment.
David Levltzky. a real estate agent doing
business on Montgomery street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday for
the arrest of Moses Leeman, a peddler, on the
charge of false imprisonment levltzky was
arrested some ago on the complaint of
i^eeman on the charge of felony embezzle
ment and the case was dismissed.
Fine half-tone printing by skilled men and
modern machinery. Mysell-Kollins. 'li Clay.**
LOOKS LIKE A
PROMISING CAMP
j What Hugh McDonnell Saw
In and Ahout the Rands
hurg District.
The Ore Much Richer and More
Plentiful Than He Had
Supposed.
Western Union Wires Are New There,
and the Santa F- Is Expected
in Ninety Days.
Hugh McDonnell, who negotiated the
sale of the Iron Mountain mines, Shasta
County, and who is widely known as an
experienced mining man, has returned to
the City after a visit to Randsburg.
Mr. McDonnell is well pleased with what
be saw there. He says there is a Rood
deal more ore than he expected and lt is
rich. Only $50 or $60 ore is being worked.
The ore has to be hauled a long distance
to the mills in many cases, and $20 ore,
which would be regarded as big in many
sections, is as yet net handled.
When the town gets water piped in in
abundance from Owens River or some
other contiguous place sixty or seventy
miles away, and the railroad to bring coal
and other fuel, all the cheaper ore may be
worked. He says Randsburg has the in
dications of a big camp.
In appearance the place is much like
Elko, only the hills are not quite 30 high;
but in business the country is quite sug
gestive of Elfco. Just over the hill, three
quarters of a mile away, is Johannesburg,
the new town, which he thinks will be the
center of the district. It has a good site,
is well laid out and is protected from the
wind, which blows pretty steadily on the
west side. QEjSE
"I was quite surprised to see what I did
about the district," said Mr. McDonnell;
"it is a good deal richer than I had
thought it was. Tbere are lots of mines
there and they are paying well. There
are six mills and they are ail running.
"Quite a number of the mines got into
pay ore three or four feet from the sur
face. The ledges hold out, too, as far as
the development has gone. One of the
mines is down 160 feet, and the depth
gained has been in ail respects satisfac
tory so far as the ledge is concerned.
"It is claimed there are 3000 people
there. I suppose there are 2000 or 2500
anyway. The roads to the mines are just
strung with teams hauling all kinds of
freights. There are four or five stages a
day. all the stages being loaded.
"The Santa Fe Railroad, it is said, will
be completed to Johannesburg in ninety
j days. Work is to be commenced next
week from Kramer. Santa Fe employes
have been buying lots in Johannesburg
lately, That "is wnere the road will go.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
reached the district yesterday from Kra
mer. '
"Of the two towns Randsburg is by far
tbe larger. Its buildings are of all kinds,
with a heavy srrinKling of tents. The
other town only has a few hundred people.
"I have changed my mind a good deal
in regard to the desert. I used to think
tne desert was no account for gold min
ing, but from the developments I have
seen I am convinced that probably some
of the biggest of mines are there. Good
ledpes have been found recently right on
tbe flat desert.
"Tne interest in Randsburg has caused
many to go out on tlie desert, and now
they are prospecting in different parts of
it. Old prospectors who have been over it
for years are now coming in and telling
what they bave hitherto found. The gold
development has given everybody cour
age."
Mr. McDonnell has not bought any
thing in the camp, though he says he has i
had a man looking around therefor some
time.
TO HAVE A TOURNAMENT.
The Pacific Athletic Association So De-
cideil at Last Wight's Regular
Monthly Session.
The Pacific Athletic Association at its
regular monthly meeting Friday night de
cided to nold a grand amateur boxing
tournament some time in April, at which
all the best amateur boxers in the State
will be invited to participate. The follow
ing committee was appointed to make ar
rangements to that end: J. F. McGlynn,
W. R. Berry, H. Tank, Nolan, Ferris ana
Shorthall.
The proceeds of this tournament will be
devoted to the defrayal of the expenses of
a delegate to the meeting of the board of
governors ofthe Amateur Athletic Union
which will be held at New Yorfc next No
vember. President W. F. Humnhrey of
tbe association was elected to represent
the latter.
Charles Tye's application for reinstate
ment as an amateur was considered and
finally granted after a warm discussion.
The following were appointed to form a
committee on the championship games to
be eiV6n during April: Messrs. G F
Koinhardt. J. Elliott, D. E. Brown J f"
c( L Iy 2- ' W. B. West - T. E. Barnes and
W. E. Knowles.
A COMPLETE EXONEBATIQN.
Harry Huff". Chinese Interpreter, Now
Has No Stain on His Name.
During the reign of Dick Williams in
the Custom-bouse that enterprising indi
vidual spared no pains to cause the re
moval from offlce of all whom he had cause
to fear. One of these was Harry 8. Huff
kew to-dat:
Hplliiii
THE MOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
for mmm of m.
which CTRKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
™™ ll a Ii <lls ? ases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
if. no let up to the mental suffering day or
nignt. bleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
wh/U they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until ** i was a question whether he bad not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential Inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
ot medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
nave the method of this wonderful treatment
.?- - Sow * when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
1 am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
Burlering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
anord to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it and
learn that *-* ere are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
I^£* < S1 . ter box 2283 « Kalamazoo. Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
.ealedenv^o*^
i the Chinese interpreter. Huff therefore
| went out of service under a cloud. Later
the treasury agents investigated the case
and found that it was Williams and not
Huff who was guilty of crookedness in
connection with the Chinese business
and they so reported to the Secretary of
the Treasury and recommended that the
injured interpreter be mads the official in
terpreter in the United States courts in
order to re-establish his reputation and
standing.
This was done a month or so ago and
for four weeks Huff has held that posi
tion. Yesterday he presented bis resigna
tion to the department, as he is now fully
exculpated from all charges by the Gov
ernment.
KEW to-dat:
♦•••••^•■iHHt***-***-**-*-**-****
* FOR YOUR PARLOR. *
* jL«J ELEGANT *
% mm mahogany *
J IhU SPRING . J
I i I IHiS SEAT I
| * _J£?L ROCKER AT }
* *
I j/( Also Odd Divans. Fasv and Reception J
j. Chairs, left over from sets, 1 rota ..S3 up i
J Solid Oak Box-seat Dining Chair, with T
J stylish slat back Sl. 55 J
J Handsome Quarter-sawed Oak Library -**
r Table S3.SO *
I "J 4- Room Outfit, complete Parlor, Din- *
i •ft Ing-room, Bedroom, Kitchen 575.00 *i*
j "♦* WfzT Visit Our Carpet Department. ***
4* Cash or tasy Payments— City or Country. *r
t M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J
■a (Occupying 7 immense floors), ' *4-
t 233 235-287 POST STREET J
; jjr (Near Stockton). J
* 130-132134 JIORTOS STREET. *
J OPEN EVENINGS. J
* ***t»»»*AME»*AHMMMMMH^*»»¥*»»»
rajuZ^Spßffil'yW Opposite Seventh,
OX
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATEJT MICHES, RUBBER GOODS.
TOILET ARTICLES,
FOE WISES ASD LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonta. l'Ji^c sire cut to 10,
La Rosa. 12 -Vic size cat to 1 J
Sanchez A Hay a. 12i*c •*».....V*1.'*."."."c81 to in*
El Telegrapho, Resize " " cut to l!£
General Arthur, iOc stralgnt cut to » tor ".-.-
General Burnside, 10c straight cut to 3 ioi'.':
Figaro *? straight <*>< "> 6 tor . (J
Klug B, 6c straight cut to b tor -';»
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.