VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 42.
CHOSEN FEW
OF PERKINS
Personnel of the Senator's
Patronage Slate Made
" Public.
FAT OFFICES FOR SIX
COLONELS.
George Stone Scheduled for the
Superintendency of the
Mint
4 FRIENDS OF ELI DENISON ABE
FURIOUS.
Aspirants Who Have Been Ignored
Denounce the Senator's
Duplicity.
I
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10. —The
Perkins slate leaked out late to-night
and created commotion in the ranks of
the Perking following;, where it was
found that Colonel George Stone was to
wnlk into the ' auperintondency of the
Mint over the prostrate political corpse
of Senator Denlson of Alameda.
Senator Perkins seem* to have con
ceived a strong; antipathy toward the
representative men of his own county.
First it was Waymire who was thrown
down. Now it is Senator Deniaon.
Letters and tele grit from all parts
' of the State continue flowing in to the
legislators, saying that their constitu
ents are not for Perkins and that they
want a man of brains and energy like
Samuel M. Shortridge to represent this
great State in the United States Senate.
THE PERKINS SLATE.
Apportionment of Patronage as
Planned by the Man In
Washington.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10.— There
was much tribulation in the ranks of the
faithful after the arrival of the last train
to-night, when it was learned that Sena
tor Perkins' slate had been made public
through an unfortunate leak on the part
of one of its custodians. The path of poli
tics sometimes meanders through dark
and narrow ways, and the slate is of itself
a map of those ways.
The friends of Eli Denison are furious.
They had speculated somewhat hereto
fore as to the reason why Colonel Stone
seemed so close to Billy Hamilton, man
ager for Senator Perkins, and why Colonel
Stone was spending his time ami breaking
his neck for Perkins, but the slate of
which the following is a copy, tells the
story :
For Superintendent of the
31int— Colonel George Stone.
For Collector of the Port-
Colonel John P. Jackson.
For Surveyor of the Port —
Colonel Paris Kilnurn.
For 3faval Officer — Colonel
William 11. Hamilton.
For Collector of Internal
Revenue— Colonel Daniel Cole.
For Postmaster — Colonel S.
W. Backus.
Every mother's son of them, from Alpha
to Omega, from the crown of his head to
the sole of his foot, a colonel, and Perkins
a colonel at thai ! All of them military
men for civil offices !
The friends of Senator Denison and of
other aspirants lor those fat plums of Fed
Senator Andrews of Pomona and Senator Voorheis of Amador Talked
Business Even if There Was an Adjournment,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
eral patronage are inquiring why Colonel
Stone and the other colonels should
be placed above Senator Denison and the
rest. Tdey claim that they have done
ten times more for Senator Perkins ana
the party than the preferred coloneis, and
they are perspirinc in the neighborhood
of the collar about it.
The late trains brought up Samuel M.
Shortrirtge, Charles M. Shortridge, Colonel
Isaac Trumbo, Senators Mahoney and
Morehouse and a large number of mem
bers and others, and the hotel lobby is
alive with political buzz.
SHORTRIDGE GAINS DAILY.
Men Who Feared to Antagonize
Perkins Are Now In Open
Revolt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10,-The
sentiment against the re-election of
Georee C. Perkins to the United States
Senate is hourly growing stronger, and as
a result Shortridge stock is perceptibly
advancing. The ballpt next Tuesday will
be a surprise to those people who have
accepted the talk of Perkins' strength as
truth. Men who were on the fence a few
days ago, fearinp to antagonize a candi
date who wa3 regarded as strong and
powerful, now speak their opposition
openly.
A time-honored Republican who Is not
slated for a Federal office said to-night:
"I have read Perkins' letter to Waymirej
and I declare that it is insulting. The idea
that Waymire should be excluded from
the cabinet because he is poor shows in
what light Perkins holds those who are
not rich. I predict that there will be a
poor man's ticket nominated for every
State office at the next general election.
The people will cast about for some effec
tive way of resenting this insult which
j Perkins has cast on the poor men of Cali
fornia.
"When the fight was on for President,
when Mnjur McKinJey needed roles, who
gave of their means to aid the Republican
cause? It is history known to men who
were in the thick of the light to carry this
State that Perkins contributed neither to
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 11, 1897.
THE DAY OF REST IN SACRAMENTO.
the Republican State Committee nor to the
Alameda County Committee. When Red
field Proctor came out to brace up Repub
licans with the sinews of war C. N. Felton
offered to give $5000 if Perkins would con
tribute a like sum. Perkins pleaded pov
erty; said he had lost money in the steam
ship business and could not help the
party. It was then that John D. Spreckels
came forward with $5000.
"Perkins is making his fight to-iay on
promises of Federal patronage. The old
Federal ring has parceled out every
thing."
SUNDAY AT THE CAPITAL.
Members Find Time to Read Let-
ters Givinar the Drift of
Public Opinion.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10.— After a
week of fog and damp, almost freezing
air, a Sacramento winter Sunday has
dawned upon the few visitors, left here in
a double sense, and has exchanged the
tule fogs for a cloudy sky and a light
breeze, so raw and cutting that even the
acclimated are hupping tbeir grates in
doors and telling th<- shivering stranger
that this is an exceptional season, and
that Sacramento has more sunny days
than Genoa, the Riviera, Athens, Algiers,
Marseilles, Los Angeles and Milpitas put
tosether. When the frozen victim who
has been dragged hither in the waka of
the legislative ship moans his doubts lie
is handed "The Bee Souvenir." which
gives columns of figures for the truth of
the felonious boast, and which contains
photographic pictures of orange and
banana trees in full bearing in the gardens
of the town in the depth of winter.
Against such proof as that of the cam
era, which is not like an editor and cannot
lie, what can the poor, shivering mortal
offer except bis pale gooseflesh. And if
the disgustel mortal linds walking difficult
by reason of his shoes carryinsr several
pounds of mud from the bituminized
pavements, which are the dirtiest and
muddiest in the world, he is referred to
the City Council, one member of which"
body declared right out in meeting that
river water flowing from a State prison or
a manufacturing town was the most
wholesome water in this wide, wide world j
to drink, and another member of" which j
declared that he had known cases where |
good . horses had . been poisoned by drink
ing water that had come from deep wells.
Some of • the few legislators who did not
care to encounter the yaried seductions of
wicked San Francisco remained here and I
went to church and spent the remainder !
of the time reading letters and telegrams
in the well warmed and comfortable Sen- j
ate and * Assembly ' chambers. Those let- '
ters and telegrams were of a highly inter
esting character and iex&^iiitMn-yigot-J
ous language the laet ib&t the 'people did
not want Mr. Perkins re-elected to a posi
tion which he had shown his incapacity
to fill.- They said that it was time that
California should wake .up and take a
more " conspicuous and honored *. place
among the States of this Union, which
she could never do with men of small
mental caliber. It is many a long year
since California was proud of her repre
sentatives, and ,it is many a long year i
since her intellect, her statesmanship, her j
breadth of vision, her progressiveuess and j
her resistless energy were fittingly em
bodied in her 1 representatives in the
United States Senate. '
Since that time, long ago, of broad men
Califoruians have often had to blush for
the effigies which have sometimes repre
sented the State in the most august body
of statesmen in , the world. She has
blushed for shame at their incapacity, j
their narrow-mindedness, their selfish
ness, and. she has wept with chagrin for
their sins. , .
v So out of very shamefacedness the
Golden State is now raising a wail of pro
test against the perpetuation of what is
nothing "leas, than a crime against the
people, misrepresenting their intellect,
their learning, their eloquence, ' their
knowledge and their appreciation of true
statesmanship. •
'■ Her summer suns that know no cloud?,
her balmy airs mingling the refreshing
saltiness of the quiescent sea with the soft
and languorous odors of the orange and
the rose, the one ripening, the ; other
blooming side by side in the happy Cnrist
mastide, have ' created a new nation of
poets, orator?, artists and statesmen to fill j
up the great blanks left both in the old
and new worlds by the corroding tooth of
a decaying and a degenerate age. . ; And so
there has come to the thoughtful, the no
ble of the golden land, a yearning and a
regret, yearning for a better ambition in
the man who places the ballot of the free
man in the. box,. which is the only throne
we know or revere, and a regret that the j
fairest State in v the fair sisterhood should
be so cruelly caricatured in the Nation's
Capitol. '' ■': : ;> ~ : -. / ;"' ' '' :
People cannot help drawing a contrast
between the two., men now standing in the
focus of their vision above, all the. rest just
now in interest. " t They cannot help compar
ing the , learning, the manners, . the elo- I
quence, the courtesy, the cordiality and the
human warmth of hear tin the one and the
lack of these desirable qualities, or the
possession of them ; in the lesser' decree
by the other. ■ They cannot help recalling
the energy,: the V unselfishness' and the
commanding influence that have not been
the characteristics of ''California represen
tatives in the Senate of the United States
for lo! these many years. It would not be
charitable to name the gentlemen who
did not the civilization of the re
motest West in the council halls :of the
Nation, for some of them have been dead
for a long time and ; others are dead in in
fluence, instate pride, in everything ; pro
ductive of good to the State which has
loved and honored them, not • wisely, but
too well. ■.•.■■„-•: • ■ i l 'i\C-:>J:f ■'■ .'/'}■ ■ ,■ ■-.•:,"..■.-, -j
Tardy though it may be of expression,
the sentiment is in the air that the time
has come for a'betterWdef, of things. i. It
reaches eta here on the perfumed wings of
the zephyrs that fly from the v orange
groves of 'the 3 sunny south and the foot
hills of J the North. It comes hither in
letters 'f and a rushes ; hither in tho ' captive
lightning that 'flashes through the wire,
wiping out both time ; and [ distance, and
the murmur of it is growing deeper and
loader, like the warning rumble of the
earthquake.;, - • * ; ; *;U ■'"'. -'' j.~ :
; :"\V ho * is there, leaving aside all question
of personal friendship, who does not com
pare the "^ capacity and the qualifications
of Samuel M. Shortridge with those of
George C. Perkins, and who does not say
that if Mr. Perkins represents the intel
lect and the statesmanship of California,
Mr. Shortridge would represent it more
truly and belter?
That is what is being done here to-day
in the Capitol building, in the hotels, in
the lobbies, in the saloons, on the side
walks, in the booses of friends and in ibe
family circle. There is only one result,
one opinion growing out of that compari
son, and that is that Mr. Sbortridge fairly
outclasses him on all points.
"Republics are ungrateful," is a savin *
as old as the big redwoods of California.
But it seems to be ever new here, and
| there are quite a large number of unfor
tunates who are saying it. If republics
ao not witbin the next two or three days
i cease to be ungrateful, and if they do not
display a keener appreciation of neglected
merit, the railroad ties for a radius of 100
miles of this place will be measured by a
grand arruy of patriots whose claims upon
the party "have been whistled down the
wind to prey at fortune."
Among the discontented, it may be said
rebellious, statesmen who have toiled for
the party by an incessant wagging of the
jaw are about twelve colored men who
have been here since New Year's day hop
ing against hope, and waiting most
patiently for the fulfillment of the prom
ises rashly made before election to le re
pented of at leisure afterward. Three
colnred men have beer, provided with
positions of trust and emolument, among
them 'Long John" Wilkins of San Fran
cisco, who was early in the session re
warded fora life of unswerving devotion
to the party by the dignified ana re
ponsible office of rear porter. The left
and the lorn sigh when the tall form of
'•Long John" looms up in the lobbies,
draped in a brand new overroat. and orna
mented with a pair of spectacles which
impart to him ati air of great wi«dr,m, the
envy of his less lortunate colleagues.
The other night the weary waiters or
ganized a caucus in a corner of the office
of the Golden Eagle Hotel and passed a
verbal resolution to the effect that if their
claims were not recognizei very soon they
would withdraw their support from the
Grand Old Republican party and would
throw the whole weight of their influence
with the Democrats, who appear to be
come violently in love with the colored
man whenever that party is in a hopeless
minority and can't do anything for them.
It was stated at the caucus that Lieuten
ant-Governor Jeter had expressed the
opinion to one of tbeir number, Mr. Lafon,
that it was a burning shame and that he
would try to do something for them. The
caucus decided that if the colored men
were not given ten places they would go
over in a body, cast their fortunes with
the Democracy and ask it for a job.
"Long John" deprecates the action of the
colored men and says that it does not
speak well for the loyalty of any man
whon he allows himself to be governed by
selfish considerations.
James Kiddey, an old-time warhorse,
who made some very clever speeches dur
ing the last campaign on the subjects of
protection and the financial issue, is
among the ranks of the unappreciated and
unrewarded here. He says that it is hard
that a man like himseif, who did so much
for the party, should be left out in tne
cold, while men who did little or nothing
for the cause are enjoying the ease of mind
which accompanies a fat joD.
A whole lot of women, some of them
very good looking, have failed to tret any
thing to do in the way of clerkships and
'have gone home convinced that politics i.3
demoralizing. It is against all precedent
that a youn? and pretty woman should
not be able to Ret an appointment in a
California Legislature; but stranger things
than that happen in politics every day.
Major Don Jose Ramon Pico of the
classic shades of Berkeley is here again
looking after a claim which he has pre
sented for several sessions, and which
failed to pass at the last session because it
went too late to the Governor. The major
raised a company of soldiers in this State
and equipped them at his own expense
during the war. At that time he had
leagues of land and houses and cattle,
while he had a regiment of vaqueros in his
service. Since the close of the war he has
! become poor, and he asks the State to re
imburse him for the money expended by
bim in the time of the Nation's peril.
Another well-known San Franciscan is
domiciled here watching the Senatorial
tight. He is Sol Berliner, and he fills the
post of caretaker of the Shortridge head
quarters in the Golden Eagle Hotel. He
is said to be the best judge of i good cigar
whom Sacramento has ever seen.
WHY PERKINS IS LOSING.
Legislators Tlrlnar of the Methods
Pursued by "The Echo of
Steve White."
Since the adjournment of the Legislature
last Friday the Shortridge forces of the
Senatorial contest have gained a decided
advantage. No defections have taken
place and some gains of strength are re
ported. In the Per Kins camp the swagger
ing confidence manifested early last week
has given way to apprehension. It is pos
itively known tnat some of tho members
who were lured into the Perkins corral or
caucus at Sacramento will vote on the first
ballot for Samuel M. Shortridge.
Speaking of this attempted corraling of
Republicans at Sacramento an Oakland
Assemblyman saii yesterday: "In view
of Perkins' treachery in his dealings with
Judge Waymire I regard myself absolved
from all obligations imposed by the pre
tended caucus. Again, it has been made
clear to my mind that a caucus represent
ing less than the number required to elect
a United States Senator on joint ballot
has no binding force. Where Republicans
have attained the highest degree of intel
ligent independence the rule of King
Caucus is despised.
*'A caucus for the purpose of discussing
the merits of candidates is one thing and
a caucus called to bind men hand and
foot to the cause of a singie candidate is
quite another. In every State of the
Union Republicans of intelligence and
public SDint have emancipated thennelves
from the obnoxious slavery of the old-time
caucus system, which forced men to sur
render their convictions of right and
wrong at the bidding of a majority.
"I observe." continued the Assembly
man, "that Perkins is aptly named the
'Echo of Steve White.' Tnat's what he
is. The Democratic United States Sena
tor guides him and leads him in Wash
ington. Why cannot we have a straight
forward Repub ican of character, firmness
and intellect to represent California in the
United States Senate? In my judgment
the time is ripe for a change. If Perkins
fails to get elected on the first ballot, as I
believe he will, his followers will leave
him."
It transpires that in the letter which
Perkins wrote to Waymire, seeking to ex
plain his double-dealing in the indorse
ment of Horace Davis for the Cabinet,
Waymire was told in language that can
not well be misconstrued that Cabinet
offices were reserved for the rich. Way
mire was inferentially advised to look
for some other position or increase his
income.
The ex-Union veterans are decidedly
sensitive on this particular point. One
who served at the front through the war,
when Perkins was at home righting
against giving any mire recognition to
the negroes, expressed his indignation
freely :
"It is not enough," he said, "that the
rich should manage the trusts aud con
trol the industries of the land, but here
we have a United States Senator from
California saying to an old Union
veteran: 'You are too poor to live
in Washington and hold a position in
President McKinley's Cabinet?' It is my
opinion that Major McKinley will take
the measure of Perkins when Fedeial
patronage is to be given out. It's com
mon talk, you know — and no one disputes
it — that Perkins refused to contribute
money to the Republican State Central
Committee. While b.3 was holdine back
John D. Spreckels pat up $",000 for the
cause of protection and prosperity. Per
kins gave his jawbone in bi3 own behalf,
and so complicated the fight that Califor
nia would have been lost to the party had
it not been for the ability, generosity and
loyalty of John D. Spreckels, Major Frank
McLaughlin, Samuel M. Shortridge, Judge
Waymire and a host of other Republicans
who stand in to win tights."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHOICE OF
THE PEOPLE
Senator Morehouse Pre
dicts Certain Victory
for Short ridge.
WILL PLACE HIS NAME IN
NOMINATION.
Confident That Merit Will Win
in the Contest Beiore the
Legislature.
SAN JOSE CITIZENS EXPRESS
THEIR VIEWS.
Enthusiastic Support Given to the
Caniidacy of Their Former
Townsm -n.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— To-day's
Mercury contained the following: Slate
Senator H. V. Morehouse returned home
from Sacramento yesterday for a two
days' visit. In the hot right for United
States Senator now being waged at the
Capital, Senator Morehouse is an enthusi
astic supporter of Samuel M. Shortridge,
and he is very hopeiui of the latter's ulti
mnte success.
"The chances of Samuel M. Shortridge,"
said Senator Morehouse yesterday after
noon, "are growing brighter every day.
The Perkins managers are maicing great
claims and lota of noise, but it is a case of
whistling to Keep up courage. The real
facts of the case are that they are alarmed
over the present status of affairs. There
is a great deal of feeling against Perkins at
tha Capital. His betrayal of his life-lone
friend, Judge Waymire, in the matter of
indorsement for a Cabinet position has
lost the present Republican United States
Senator many adherents.
"The claim of the Perkins managers
that they hod sixty Senators and Repre
tentatives in their caucus is baseless. They
bad just lifty-seven members all told. The
general sentiment is that unless such a
meeting haa enough members present to
carry oat its action it is not a caucus. As
there were not the necessary sixty-one
members present several who were in
the caucus do not consider themselves
bound to vote for Perkins and h.ive come
over to Shortridge.
"We have now fourteen votes sure for
Shortridge, and there is every indication
that we will have twenty on the first bal
lot next Tuesday. Perkins' only hope is
to spcure enough Democratic Senators
and Representatives to swell his vote to
the required sixty-one. It is my opinion
that this hope will be blasted, as I have
been informed that the Democratic mem
bers have held a conference and have
agreed to vote only for members of their
own party.
"All we have to do is to prevent the
election of Perkins on the first ballot,
when his vote will be at the maximum,
because a number of members were in
structed to suppoit him by the conven
tions that nominated them. On the sec
ond ballot the friends of Wavmire will
break away from Perkins and the vote of
Shortridge will ba materially increased.
The third ballot will in all probability
witness a breaking up of the Perkins
forces, as the instructed members, having
fulfilled their obligation, will then exer
cise their own choice. This will be the
t-reat opportunity for Shortringre, and I
believe that the efforts in his Dehalf will
be successful.
"The fight for Shortridge has been clean
cnt, mnnlv and atreresiiv. based solely on
NEW TO-DAr.
Lost |
lii^sf% w* 1 How many wo-
/\ \ men do you know
I / V r ■ who are struggling
1. / 1 I along with burdens
(!*•' \ l^r 'they were not
(P^ >«4i> ' meant to bear be-
cause their husbands have "lost
their health?" - ;
A man's health is •an easy thing
to lose. A little care and the right
medicine make it _ easy to regain
: lost health. ;' Neglected disease
breeds death. Over work, expos-
ure, wrong eating, wrong living
generally may engender disease.
Symptoms vary, but , by far , the
majority of diseases are marked by
a loss of vitality, a wasting of
flesh. The lungs and the stomach
suffer. • Disease - germs enter the
system through these * two . or-
gans.
Recovery means driving out the
germs ' and \ building up strong,
healthy tissues. The medicine that
will do it quickest and most thor-
oughly is the medicine to take.
That medicine is Dr. Pierces
■ Golden - Medical Discovery. It
searches out disease-germs wher-
ever ' they , exist and exterminates
them. .; It is : a powerful, invigorat-
ing tonic. It promotes digestion,
creates appetite, cures biliousness
and all h liver, kidney and stomach
disorders, and so ': all blood dis-
eases. ■/." All medicine dealers.2
the merits of the candidate. The people
of Sacramento are taking a great interest
in the struggle, and as the demand for
The Call exceeds that of any other paper,
you can see whose fi-ht they favor. The
fitness Of Samuel M. Shortridge for the
place to which he aspires is generally
recognized, and his eiecion would be
gratifying to the people of the State at
large.
"I have known Mr. Shorlridge for
twenty-three years, and knowing as I do
his rare intellectual ability and sterling
character I shall deem it a hieh honor to
place him in nomination for United States
Senator to succeei George C. Perkins."
Interest in the Senatorial contest con
tinues to increase in this city, and many
hearty expressions of hope for the success
of Samuel M. Shortridge are made.
Speaking on the subject yesterday Mayor
Koch said: "Samuel M. Shortridge as
United States Senator would be of incal
culable benefit to this State and to Santa
Clara County in particular. He is an anle
man, a scholar and an indefatigable
worker in any cause he believes is right.
He would receive for this State due recog
nition from the Government, which has
not been given in the past. Th* repre
sentatives of this county should stand
Eolid for such a man as Samuel M. Short
ridge for United States' Senator, being one
of our own people."
Colonel T. R. Weaver, president of the
Board of Trade, said: "The election of S.
If. Shortruige as United States Senator
would, in my estimation, be a great benefit
to Santa Clara County as well as the State
at large. He is an able man, a hard
worker, and would make an excellent
Senator."
Dr. D. F. McGraw, president of the Santa
Clara County Republican League, said: "'I
consider it is time Santa Clara County is
recognized in the choice of United States
Senator. This county has always done its
best by the Republican party of this State,
but has never received proper recognit on.
If Samuei M. Shortridge i* elected Senator
it means that this county will be given
proper recognition. I consider him the
peer of any man in the United States
Senate to-day in ability, dignity and
s-cholarly attainments. And If he is
elected, as he should be, by the Republi
cans of California he wiil represent the
interests of his native State as they have
never been represented beiore. Besides
this, I think the Republican party owes
him this election. No man of the party
has been a more energetic worker in its
interest."
"I have known Samuel M. Shortridge
since boyhood, and his career to the pres
ent timo has been that of a progressive,
abie man, possessing eminently the quali
ties that make the most useful public
servant in high positions," said Dr. J. S.
Potts. "His integrity has never been ques
tioned any more than his ability. The
fact that he is not a wealthy man is a point
in his favor, and if he can be elected with
out the influence of great wealth and
without holding blocks of stock in any
great corporation, considerations that
have heretofore been indispensable in
Senatorial contests, it will be a great vic
tory for the people and mark a new and
brighter era in the history ot the State.
Heretofore the Western States, especially
California and Nevada, have notoriously
been held in reproach in the East on ac
count of the fact that a mouey con
sideration seemed to be ail that en
tered into the selection of men for
the high office of United States Sena
tor. The election of Mr. Shortria^e
would be an honor to California in many
ways- In fulfilling the duties of the office
he- would be broad as regards the interests
of the whole ertate, so that there would be
no possible cause for complaint in that re
gard, but at the same time he would have
special regard for the interest* of Santa
Clara County, where he was raised and
educated. In his career he has been above
reproach, and although yet a young man
he has reached an enviable position among
the eminent attorneys of the Slate. lam
personally acquainted with a large num
ber of the Senators and Assemblymen
from various portions cf the State, and I
can assure all my friends at Sacramento
that they will never have cause to regret
casting a vote for Samuel M. Short
ridge. The Democrats have no chance,
and they could not do better than to assist
in electing a conservative, able Republi
can, who could represent the people at
Washington in a manner to do honor to
all parties and classes. Every considera
tion demands the election of Samuel Al.
Shortridge as United States Senator."
"1 recognize the fact that Mr. fclhort
ridge is a ;;rand youn-i man and a great
orator, and it would be a fine thing for
Santa Clara County if lie could be elected
to the high office to which he aspires,"
said Banker David Henderson of Santa
C.ara. "The light seems to be an open
one now and there is no telling what
micht happen under such circumstances.
From some business dealings that I had
with him when he was a young man I
know that he has sterling integrity in his
makeup as well as gieat ability as an ora
tor and an attorney. Such qualities emi
nently lit a man for a great public trust."
( A S II I I. It COM Mil's SUICIDE.
He Once Taught thr Second X,nrgset Suh-
<!atj- School Clata.
LEBANON, Pa., Jan. 10.— James M.
Gossler, cashier or the Lebanon National
Bank, the largest banking institution in
this county, made a desperate attempt to
commit suicide shortly before noon to
day by shooting himself through the
head. He was still alive at a late hour
to-night, but cannot recover. 11l health
is supposed to have been the cause.
Mr. Gossler was about 54 years of age
and has a wife and two children. He has
borne an unblemished reputation and his
accounts at the bank are entirely correct.
For many years Mr. Gossler wa3 teacher
of the largest Sunday-school class outside
of Philadelphia, but lately gave up his
class on account of ill health.
SET FIRMS TO MIS CtsLZ.
Georgia Murderer* liettterats Attempt
to Kill Him, elf.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— A special
from Columbus, Ga., says l>r. R. L. Ry
der, murderer of Miss Sallie Emma
Owen?, who is confined in Muscogee
County Jaii, tried to commit suicide to
day. He lined his cell with blankets and
thea set fire to his bedding. Ryder was
fcmnd Ivinsr on tne floor in an almost un
conscious condition. He had torn some
clothes to pieces and set fire to them on
his bed. He had the water turned on in
the bath and he was wet all over, so it is
presumed he also tried to drown himself.
A physician was summoned and after an
hour's work he was restored to conscious
ness.
AT FIX AX, LEST AT LAST.
I: mining of . Kate field. Xow Lie by the
Hide of Her Mother's.
BOSTON,' Mass., Jan. 10.— The remains
of Kale Field now lie in Mount Auburn
Cemetery by the side of those of her
mother. The small copper box, contain
ing -tti'c ashes of the noted writer, arrived
in Boston last Saturday afternoon in
charge of Mrs. Whiting, who gave it in
char eof a Cambridge undertaker. "
The ashes were m a -round copper box
and were carried in a common handbag.
The handbair was filled. with flowers," the
offerings of friends in Chicago* .-; \-: j
PERKINS AIDS TO
EVADE THE LAWS
Chinese Can Land Any
where Below the Mexi
can Border.
The Senator's I fluence Helps to
Change the Exclusion
Regulations.
His Steamships Will Carry the Men
go's to a Point Whence They
Can Sneak Back.
Senator George C. Perkins, who is mafc
ing desperate but apparently futile efforts
to succeed himself in the councils of the
Nation, is gradually appearing in his true
colors as the champion of transactions
that love not the light.
His latest move was to make a success
ful attack on the Chinese exclusion regu
lations, which are considered the safe
guard of the commercial and moral inter
ests of California, and all because it put a
few Chinese dollars into toe pockets of
himself and the steamship company in
which he is interested.
When the Chinese exclusion act went
into effect with the amendments that
made it an effectual bar to the incursions
of Mongolian laborers, the Secretary of
the Treasury exercised his legal right in
adding certain regulations that were in
tended to make the law even more effi
cient.
The most important of these was to in
struct the Collector^ of the Port of San
Francisco that Chinese in transit from
loreign ports to points in Mexico must
not be siiipped to ports north of Salina
Cruz. This was done to prevent them
from landing at ports just below the
American line, whence they could in a
short time work their way into the United
States and thus defeat the exclusion act.
This regulation has been in effect for sev
eral years past and has kept the wily
Chinese from getting on to United States
soil from that direction.
The steamship lines in which Senator
Perkins is interested do not run as far
south as SaUna Cruz and have never had
a slice of the patronage of the Chinese
going into Mexico, and it has long been
Senator Perkin3' ambition to find some
way to circumvent the safeguards thrown
around the interests of California and
Caiii'ornians.
His opportunity came a few days ago,
when seven Chinese arrived by steamer
from Victoria in transit for Mexico. They
did not specify any port iv the southern
republic, but merely wanted to go to
Mexico, and Collector Wise, always on
the alert to prevent evasions of the ex
clusion laws, immediately scented a
rodent. He thought they were planning
to return to the United States and refused
to allow them to tranship to any other
point than Snlina Cruz. The Chinese ap
pealed to the Secretary of the Treasury
and Collector Wise also wrote defending
his position and asking instructions.
In the meantime Senator Perkins had
been appealed to by friends of the men,
and, spurred on by his own interests, he
immediately sent a long telegram to the
Secretary asking that the men be allowed
to tatte passage for Mazatlan or some near
by port.
Of course the men would travel by the
Perkins steamers, and many more, seeing
how easy .t was to get near the boundary,
would follow their example.
It was represented to the Secretary at
the time that the building of railroad lines
into Mexico had made it easy for Chinese
to disembark at points near the American
border, and that after all there was no
necessity of a regulation requiring the
Mongols to ship to Salina Cruz.
Tbe upshot of the matter was that the
Secretary sent instructions allowing the
seven Chinese to embark for any port
south of the border. It is probable that
hundreds mo>e will demand tbe same
rigbts, and that Senator Perkins will reap
a rich harvest from his little scheme to
override the wishes of the taxpayers of
California.
CONGRESS OF MOTHERS.
Prominent Ladies Active in the Educa
tion of Children Will Meet Next
Month at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— No lit
tle interest is being manifested in the
forthcoming national congress of mothers,
which will convene in this city on Feb
ruary 17 next. Several ladies, active in
movements having in view the education
of children, will be prominent in the con
gress, among them being Mrs. Alalie
llofer, editor of the Kindergarten Maga
zine; Mrs. Sangster, editor of Harper's
Bazaar; Miss Anna Sobriever, State Nor
mal School, Michigan; Miss Frances
Newton, sup-rintendent kindergarten
works, Chatauqua, and others.
Leading measures that will engage the
attention of the congress will be those of
inculcating into the minds of children
principles of patriotism and humanity,
the development of all qualities tending
to ennoble the minds of the young, and a
pure and thorough mental training een
erally. The first session of the congress
will be followed immediately after its or
ganization by a reception to the congress
by Mrs. Cleveland, which will be given at
11 a. m.
In addition to the ladies, several gentle
men interested in the cause will attend
the congress. Among them will be An
thony Comstock. Hamilton Marble and
Frank Hamilton Gushing.
CHILEAN CLAIMS ADJUSTMENT.
Basis for a Satisfactory Settlement Be-
Hewed to Have at Last Been
Agreed Upon.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 10.-Secre
tary Olney and the Chilean Minister,
Senor Gana, have practically reached a
successful conclusion to the long neeotia
tions for a rehabilitation of the Chilean
claims commission, which ended its exist
ence by limitation nearly two years ago
without completing its labors. It is un
derstood that the commission will assem
ble in this city next October and consider
the remaining cases, of which seventeen
are American claims* against Chile, and
two, including that for the capture and
detention of the ltata, are supported by
Chile against the United Stales.
These constitute the sole causes for
friction between the two countries, which
have been notably cordial in their profes
sion of friendship for the past year, and it
•is bejieved tue settlement will dispose of
any lingering animosity which resulted
from the Baltimore and other incidents
which led the Chileans to the verge of war
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
with this country. The preseat visit of
Admiral Beardslee in the flagship Phila
delphia to Valparaiso is thought to have
contributed considerably to this result.
When the six months' existence of the
last commission, of which tie then Swiss
Minister, Alfred de Claparede, was presi
dent, came to an end after having disposed
of twenty-five cases every effort was
made by Secretary Gresham to induce
Chile to extend its term, but a Cabinet
crisis occurring in that country just at
that time it was found impossible to ac
compiish anything in that direction.
At the instance of this Government,
however, negotiations were resumed and
eventually Chile proposed an arrangement
for the pro rata settlement of the remain
ing cases by the payment of such amount
of the face of the remaining claims as the
aggregate amount awarded by the com
missioners on claims they had already set
tled bore to the face amount of the claims
left over. Chile pointed out that England.
France, Spain and other countries had
found this method satisfactory with their
claims, but the Administration insisted
that every claim had to be examined and
settled on its merits by a commission.
Cbiie then suggested a lump compromise,
and when this was also rejected, that Gov
ernment offered to agree to another com
mission, provided it sat at Santiago, as
the claimants were mostly Americans,
and on condition that the claim of the
North and South American Construction
Company should be ruled out.
Secietary Olney declined to consent to
either of these propositions and sought to
have the old commission rehabilitated as
far as John Goode. the American mem
ber, and Sonor Guna, tha Chilean mem
ber, were concerned, with a new president
in place of M. de Claparede, who had gone
home, and that the proceedings should
continue from the point at which they
were interrupted after twenty-five cases
had been adjudicated.
Fortunately ti year ago it was found pos
sibie to get rid of the North and South
American* Construction Company im
pediments, as, by a compromise. Senor
Gana paying Secretary Olney $150, 0U0, thi«
was settled permanently. With this out
of the way it is understood that Chile has
at last consented to rehabilitate as far as
possible the old commission and nave it
complete its work next fall.
ROCKETS RISE OFF SHORE.
An Unknown Ocean Steamer Sending Up
Sgna/s of Distress Off the Nova
Scotia Co as .
HALIFAX, N. S., Jan. 10 A report re
ceived here late to-night states that an
unknown ocean steamer has been sending
up signals of distress off Whitehead, 100
mUes east of here.
When first discovered darkness was
coming on and she was about seven miles
distant, showing a flag calling for assist
ance, and seemed to be running in a west
erly course, keeping off shore.
After dart she discharged a number of
skyrockets. Thick snow squalls set in
about 7 o'clock, and nothing more has
been seen of her except an occasional
rocket.
When the signals were first observed the
schooner Hannah H. Elbridge and life
brat and several small boats started from
the shore toward the steamer. Up to 10:30
o'clock to-night the Elbridge or boats had
not returned.
An unconfirmed report here states that
the steame- belongs to the Furness line.
The Furness liner Damarari is eight days
overdue from Cardiff for this port with a
cargo of coal for the British naval authori
ties.
The steamer State of Georgia, from
Daitzic with a cargo of sugar, is also due
liere.
J. H. Hupill, the Halifax manager of
the Furness line, minks the ship in dis
tress is either the Damarnri or State of,
Georgia, unless it is some steamer bound
to a United State* port which has got out
of her course. Mr. Hu.zill is arranging
for a steamer to start for the eastern shore
as soon as possible.
The vess.-l is Btill reported signaling for
help and is in a dangerous position, as
hidden shoals and ledges ex'end for miles
along the coast from Whitehead.
At 11:15 o'clock to-night it was reported
from Whitehead that the lifeboat and
schooner Elbridge had retnrned without
finding the distressed steamer, owing to
the thick snowstorm, and had given up
the search.
A second schooner which went out re
turned with the same information. The
snow is falling heavily and the wind blow
ing from the southwest.
The keeper at Whitehead lighthouse
reports that the first signals he saw were
about 3:30 p. m., and they could be seen
until alter dark, when rockets were sent
up at Irequent intervals and continued un
til the snowstorm set in. The steamer
was schooner-rigged and bad dark-colored
funnels.
MONETARY CONVENTION.
Five Hundred Delegates Are Expected to
Aitend It at the Hoosier
Capitol.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 10.— The
monetary convention will open at 2 o'clock
next Tuesday afternoon in Tomlinson
Hall. It is expected to continue three
days. The names of 370 delegates to the
convention have been reported to the local
executive committee, and the latter says
fully 200 delegates have been chosen by
boards of trade and commercial organiza
tions whose names have not been reported,
and that tbe representation will be be
tween 500 and 600.
The committee rooms in the Denison
Hotel presented a busy scene yesterday.
Over 200 of the prominent business men
of the city came to the rooms, said they
bad been appointed members of the vari
ous committees and asked where they
were to report for work.
They weie supplied with tickets of ad
mission to the ball, and with blue-silk
badges bearing the words, "reception
committee," stamped on them in cold.
These committees will beein work early
to-morrow morning, when it is expected
that delegates will begin arriving in force.
The tickets bear the works, "Indianapolis
Monetary Convention, Tuesday, January
12, 1897."
The executive committee is trying to ar
range it so that all strangers coming into
town to attend the convention will be
taken care of. In responsa to numerous
letters from delegates the executive com
mittee has engaged* rooms at the leading
hotels. W. F. Golt, who has been ap
pointed serKeant-at-arms for the conven
tion, has appointed eleven assistants to
guard the doors and take care of the ses
sions.
In addition to this. Superintendent
Colbert, of the police department, has de
tailed six policemen to guard the peace
and maintain order.
The chairman of the executive com
mittee wili call the meeting to order and
will nominate B. O. Stanard, ex-Governor
of Missouri, as temporary chairman.
Jacob W. Smith, acting 'secretary of the
committee, will be temporary secretary.
It is understood that Evans Woollen will
be proposed for permanent secretary. Mr.
Btanard will have some remarks to offer,
and these, together with the completion
of the organization, will consume most of
the hrst session.
A Kentucky Horror.
HARRODSBURG, Ky., Jan. 10.— When
William Devine, a farmer, returned home
last night he found bis wife dead on the
floor, with two infant daughters Ijiuk at
their mother's side half frozen and cry
ing. Fineer marks on Mrs. Devine's
throat indicated that she had been choked
to death and outraged. Tnere is no clew.
SHALL THEY BE
BUT STRAGGLERS?
Appeal to Populists Raising
Financial and Party
Questions.
Popocrats the Kite and the
Democrats Are Called
the Tail.
An Ofiicial Call lor a National Con.
fereice of Forty leaders
atd WorJcers
BOSTON. Mass, Jan. 10.— George P.
Washburn, member of the People's party
National executive committee and chair
man of the Western headquarters during
the late campaign, has issued the follow
ing appeal to the Populists of the United
States:
We are to be congratulated upon the growth
of our party and the fact that in the recent
election nearly half the voters of the Union
indorsed much of our platform. Our party
alone Das a voting force larger than that
which elected Lincoln, and an able, effective
reform press of nearly 2000 papers. We hold
the balance of power in the United States Sen
ate and have four times as many Congressmen
as before.
We united with the silver forces In the re
cent campaign— not because we believe free
coinage of silver is the solution of the finan
cial problem, but because it would better ex-
Isting conditions; would meet with the least
resistance and become the entering wedge for
our main issue, viz. : Full legal tender paper
money, issued and regulated by the Govern
ment alone. Having proved our loyalty at
the polls we are free to act separately on ad
vanced lines and to emphasize the real issues
our party was born to advocate. We cannot
in honor lay down our arms and cease our ac
tivity until the war for which we have enlisted
has ended in victory.
The Democratic party proposes to continue
the silver fight. The parties cannot exist on
the same issue. The greater absorbs the
smaller. Therefore if we remain mere camp
followers of another party disintegration will
result. Our party success alone forced the
Democrats to adopt the Chicago platform and
nominate a Popocrat for President. Converts
made by party regularity cannot be trusted
with the reforms of the future.
We ere not Democrats, and cannot be
classed as such. We simply united for a sin
gle campaign. The Democratic party is but
the rear guard of our own. We do not stand
for redemption money, but for a scientific dol
lar, kept invariable by proper regulation of
the money, volume.
The millions of converts to silver during the
recent campaign must advance. They will
not remain where they are. We inus* educate
them up to the main issue, and the time to do
it is now, not just before the Presidential elec
tion. We must also hold the Democratic party
to its present position or compel it to advance.
President Cleveland supplies us with fresh in
centive for renewed effort in his official de
mand for the retirement of the greenbacks and
the issue and control of paper money (except
coin certificates) by the banks. Senator Quay
says this should be made an issue by the Re
publicans, and advocates the substitution of
United States notes, payable in gold, for the
greenbacks.
We hare a living issue with both wings of
the gold forces, which brings our main ques
tion to the front: Shall the paper money of
the country be issued and regulated by the
people or by the banks? This will precipitate
a hot debate in Congress that will focus public
attention upon the relative merits of scientific
and redemption money, which will become
the Rbaorbing question ol the day, just as the
silver movement followed the silver debate a
year ago, and will aflord our sentlDels in
Congress an opportunity to measure the true
attitude of the silver Democratic and Repub
lican leaders on an issue vital to our party and
the welfare of 'he country, and determine to
what extent our recent allies can be depended
upon.
The proposed retirement of the greenbacks
and the discussion of the Pacific railroad
question will bring before Congress the two
strongest measures of our platform ; and what
ever the issues the other parties may adopt,
the logic of events will so force upon boih
Congress and the people the consideration of
these measures as to overshadow all others,
and win to our rauks thousands of voters from
both the Republican and Democratic parties.
Let us act with patriotism, courage and
sagacity. Let us lose no time. If any lack in
centive it will be fouud In the intense
suffering everywhere and in the increas
ing arrogance, lawlessness and heartlessness
of the turns and monopolies. Against their
power we put principle; against their money
we match manhood, and urge all Populists to
continue this contest during the next four
years, then hold an early National convention
and strike the keynote of the next Presiden
tial campaign, or, if desirable, establish an
honorable alliance on leading issues.
I would also suggest that a National confer
ence of party leaders and workers be held as
goon as practicable that we may have a full
and free expression of opinion regarding our
future work. We hope, therefore, that the re
form press will give the fullest possible expo
sition ol ttieir views on tuis important ques
tion, and our friends are invited ts write me,
or the National chairman, expressing their
ideas on the independent party action herein
proposed.
Shall we march to victory under our own
banner or conliuue as stragglers under an
other? '
AGED LADY ABDUCTED.
Kept a Prisoner and Taken Away by
Relatives, With the Idea of Getting
Hold of Her Property.
CHICAGO, 111, Jan. 10.— Mrs. E. W.
Wilson, the aged sister of C. C. P. Hold«n,
a prominent and wealthy Chicagoan, was
abducted nearly three weeks apo, and no
trace of her whereabouts has been dis
covered. Mrs. Wilson is a woman of
wealth and 79 years of age. She holds a
great deal of property at Fort Madison,
lowa, where she has lived until a year ago.
Thirty years ago, at Fort Madison, Mrs.
Wilson took into her home a child named
Etta May, whose unnatural mother had
threatened to throw the little one into the
Mississippi River. Mrs. Wilson raised the
unfortunate child, but did not legally
adopt her. She was given a fine education
and every advantage.
When she was grown she mariied a
man named Frank Tmesdeil at Fort Mad
ison, lowa. Her husband and her three
children are now at Fort Madison. Rela
tives of Mrs. Wilson claim that Mr?.
True-dell has complete control over the
old lady, and charge the abduction to her.
For the purpose of getting Mrs. Wilson
away from the influence of her foster
daughter her relatives persuaded her to
come to Matteson, 111., where she could
live near her two brothers. About three
months ago she received a call at her new
home from Mrs. Truesdell. It was at
nL'ht, and she was accompanied by Hal
E. McNiel, who, it in said, has since as
sumed the name of E. M. Truesdell. They
came in a closed carriage. That night
they took Mrs. Wil on to Port Madison,
lowa. Before the ri-latives realized what
was beins; done Mrs. Wilson had dis
charged E. Johnson, the old and reliable
agent of her estate, and had put True-deli,
the husband of Etta May, into entire
charge.
Relatives immediately applied for the
appointment of a guardian for Mrs. W 11
--son. Edward A. Johnson, her former
agent, was made guardian, but before this
could be brought about Mrs. Wilson had
deeded her old homestead to Etta May
TruesdelJ. This vroperty was quickly sold
by Mrs. Truesdell, but she has received
only a small part of the purchase price
as yet.
Mr. Johnson took charge of Mrs. Wilson,
who was induced to return to her home at
Matteson. Two days after the old lady
bad arrived at her Illinois home Etta May
Truesdell put in an appearance there, ac
companied by a man wno claimed to be
an attorney. Mrs. Truesdell asked Dr.
Holden to allow Mrs. Wilson to go with
her to the city to witness her marriage to
Hal E. McNeil, as she explained this
proposition, by saying that she had se
cured a divorce irom Truesdell. Oid Mrs.
Wilson told Dr. Holden that if her foster
daughter Emma was to be married again
she fe!t that she ought to attend the cere
mony and permission was given.
This was December 18. Fearing fonl
play i)r. Holden reported the case to the
police, and after two weeks of search the
three peoDle were found at 26 Aberdeen
street on December 28. Here McNeil and
the Truesdell woman were livinc as Mr.
and Mrs. E. M. Truesdell, and Mr 3. Wil
son was kept a virtual prisoner. The
three were living together in a single
room with only a double bed for ten days.
Two or three nights old Mrs. Wilson had
been obliged to sleep sitting in an arm
chair with no extra covering to protect
her from the ni^ht air. Roomers had
heard her crying and begging piteously to
be sent home.
Mrs. Truesdell induced Mrs. Wilson to
remain one day longer, and when Dr.
Holden called f^r her the next day the
room was vacant. The police have re
newed their efforts.
Seriout Fire in Buffalo.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Jan. 10.— Fire broke
out in the Richmond block at 6 o'clock
this evening and damaged the building
and contents to the extent of $150,000.
The building is a five-story structure lo
cated at the corner of Seneca and Eliicott
streets'. It is occupied by the clothing
tirm of Altman & Co. The .retail depart
ment is on the first floor and the other four
floors are used to store surplus stock.
Nearly $200,000 worth of stock was in the
building and it was more or less aamaged
by the fire and water. The insurance on
the stock is between $175,0(0 and $180,000.
The building is owned by Jewett M. Rich
mond and is fully insured. The origin of
the fire is a mystery.
♦
Z'itiuoknlnni at Xtarjara Fn.ll*. w^ mm *
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., Jan. 10.— Ex-
Qneeu Liiiuokalani and party spent this
afternoon driving about the city and see
ing the siphts. This is the first visit of
the ex-Queen to the falls, and she was
very much impressed with what she saw.
Another trip wiil be taken to-morrow, and
the start for Boston made at 2 p. m.
/''MiKijd'uiiiii I'intnflic* Robbed.
BRYN MAWR, Pa., Jan. 10.— The post
office, w icn is located in the railroad
station, was robbed last night of $2000 in
cash and $75 worth of stamps. The work
was done oy some one familiar with the
office, as the combination was worked and
the safe opened in the regular way.
Mme. Melba U 111.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— Owing to
the continued illness of M me. Melba she
will not be able to sing with Damrosch's
opera company in Washington Thursday
night. Mme. Melba will cot be able to
sing again until Saturday night, when she
will be heard for the last night in the Me
tropolitan Opera-House as Juliet in "Ro
meo and Juliet."
HOAOJtS J?Utt A.\ An-lIiOXOMEII.
Itutiian A endtmij of i>eiencr» Jiang* I'rof.
Sewcomb'a Picture in It* Gallery. :
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia. Jan. 10.—
Tlie Russian ; Academy of Science nas
elected Professor Simon Newcomb, the
distinguished astronomer of Washington,
who is attached to the United States Naval
Observatory, an honorary raembei of that
body. Professor Newcomb's portrait is
hung in : the observatory at Puikowa. the
Russian Government having in 1887 or
dered that it be painted for the collection
of portraits of famous astronomers in the
observatory. , >£££$%&
The: academy .has also conferred the
same honor on two distinguished British
scientists— Lord Kelvan, professor of nat
ural philosophy at the University of Glas
gow, and Lord Rayieigb, scientific adviser
to the Corporation of Trinity House.
. ■ _ -■ - .'..-■••
CATHOLICS JkSI) GREEKS FIGHT
Ancient Jerusalem the Scene of a Serious
Battle Betteren Them.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan. 10.
—Official advices received here from Jer
usalem show that there has been further
trouble among the worshipers at the
Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
It appears that the Roman Catholics
were opposed to members of the Orthodox
Greek Church entering the church by a
certain door on the eve of January 6, the
day observed by the Orthodox Church as
Christmas. The latter insisted upon their
right to enter and the result was that the
two factions became involved in a serious
fight which did not end until the Turkish
authorities intervened to restore order.
Some of the comoatants were badly in
jured, but it is not known whether any
body was killed.
TOW EH OFF, BUT LEAK I. -
Steatntr Glenenk, J r»tn San Francisco,
Grounded at La* J'nlmm.
LONDON, Eng':, Jan. 10.— The British
steamer Glenesk. Captain Glegg, from San
Francisco, groxmded while entering the
harbor of Las Pal mas, Gran Canada, but
was subsequently towed off. The vessel
was badly damaged by the accidect. Five
of her ballast tanks are full of water.
She has a hole in her bottom and is leak
ing \inder her stern tube. It is thought
her cargo has not been damaged.
Storm Ifivftit-tii at Colon,
COLON. Colombia, Jan. 10.— The weather
is very bad here to-day and all the indi
cations point to a norther setting in. As
the port is exposed to the full force of the
nortii winds, and as the holding ground
is not pood, the vessels that were anchored
here have stood out to sea, so as to ride
out the coining storm in safety.
Got a hitj Job in Canada.
OTTAWA, Or, Jan. 10.— The contract
for the Government engraving, for which
tenders were called for two months ago,
has been awarded to the American Bank
Note Company of New YorK for a Deriod
< f five years. The contract is worth about
$800,000, with the right to renew for a
similar period.
Chol'rn <»» «n hnrjlinh Port.
PLYMOUTH, Ejjg., Jan. 10. -The trans
port Nubia, whicn arrived here from Cal
cutta with cholera on board, has been dis
infected. Another death occurred on
boar. l here this morning. The men who
are suffering from 'he disease in a mild
form have been removed to the Hospital
ship.
The Thame* Out of Its Banks.
LONDON, Eng , Jan. 10.— There is very
high water in the Thames and at several
places between Teadin«f-n and Reading
the river is out of its banks. The cellars
of the houses along the river Bide at Wind
sor are full of water. Further flooding is
certain as the river is rising.
The Owen Contribute* to the Starring.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 10.— Trie Queen
h as contributed £500 to the fund that bas
been started by George Faudel Phillips,
Lord Mayor of London, for the relief of
the famine sufferers in India.
Ellen' b Ctothm IHdn't Fit.
PARIS, Fbanck Jan. 11.— It is reported
that the Casino at Monte Carlo lecently
refused pdmission to Ellen Terry on tue
ground that she was too ill dressed.
SHERMAN MAY BE
THE NEW PREMIER
In Which Case Mark
Hanna Might Go Into
the Senate.
But a Snarl in Ohio Politics
May Deleat the CJeveland
er's Ambition.
j •
Caliom, White, Wocdford and Long
Are Growing Cabinet Pos
sibilities.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 10. — Major
McKinley attended church this morning,
and later enjoyed a long drive. He will
leave for Canton in the morning at 11
o'clock, and expects to remain tbura till
the first day of March.
Major McKinley said to a friend that
this week would be an important one in
the process of organizing his Cabinet and
administration. The formation of the
Cabinet hinges upon the salient and
pivotal positions of Secretary of State and
Secretary of the Treasury. It is quite
probable that both of these important
Cabinet portfolios will be tendered and ac
cepted by the end of the week.
Senator Sherman has had some com
munication with Major McKinley, and he
will go to Canton whenever the President
elect desires him to.* His visit will, ac
cording to present arrangements here,
be made about the middle of the week. It
is now pretty well established that Major
McKinley wants Senator Sherman to oe
Secretary of Sta'e, but it is by no means
certain that Mr. Sherman has made up his
mind to accept a Cabinet appointment.
His inclination is to remain in the Senate,
where the work is systematized and
familiar and where he can regulate the
amount and cmality of it to a very consid
erable extent.
The natural ana timely desire of M. A.
Hanna to go to the Senate may have much
to do with Mr. Sherman's appointment to
the Cabinet, if he accepts a portfolio. Mr.
Hanna has betn one of Mr. Sherman's
most valuable friends. He has done a
great deal for him in a political way, and
Mr. Sherman doubtless feels that he owes
his last election to the Senate in part to
the zeal and support of Mr. Hanna. Their
relations have been friendly and cio.-e for
years. If Mr. Sherman does not accept
the offer of a Cabinet position, the way to
the Senate will remain closed to Mr.
Hanna, for he would not contest the seat
with his personal and political friend of
long standing.
It is rumored to-night that Senator
Joseph 13. Foraker of Cincinnati will be
invited to visit Canton while Mr. Sherman
is there. Upon the action of Mr. Foraker
and his friends the Senatorial aspirations
of Chairman M. A. Hanna depend. Gov
ernor Bushnell will appoint Mr. Sher
man's successor for the unexpired term uf
two years if he goes into the Cabinet. He
is a devoted friend of Senator-elect For
aker, and it may be that it is feared that
he would not appoint Mr. Hanna to the
vacancy for the reason that they belong to
opposite factions of the party and have
been at odds in a political way for several
years.
The impression prevails among many
of the politicians that while Messrs. For
aker aud Bushnell are thoroughly friendly
to Major McKinley and desire to support
him loyally and efficiently, they do not
wish to build up Mr. Hanna's personal
prestige and power in the Ohio political
field. No promise or intimation of the
course he will pursue has been obtained
from Governor Bushnell, who is ill with
la grippe at his home in Springfield. The
belief is current in Ohio tnat unless Gov
ernor Bushnell will consent to the ap
pointment of Mr. Hanna to the Senate
the latter will himself accept a Cabinet
appointment. So the conferences at Can
ton this week involve she probable dispo
sition oi two Cabinet portfolios, a seat in
the United States Senate and the future
status of Mark Hanua in National poli
tics.
A week ago to-day Senator Cullom of
Illinois came to Cleveland to call on the
President-elect. He said to the corre
apondent of the United Associated Presses
in the course of a long conversation: "I
am not a Cabinet possibility. It seems to
me that it is my duty to remain in the
Senate."
Events have marched with celerity dur
ing the iast week, and political conditions
are changing daily. Notwithstanding the
fact that one week ago Senator Cullom
believed he could not accept a Cabinet
portfolio if it were offered to him, he is to
day a potent possibility.
Tna gossip about ex-Governor John D.
Long ol Massachusetts and the Cabinet
seems to have a pretty strong basis for its
existence. Major McKinley knows Gov
ernor Long well, and has always had a
high opinion of his character and abiJity.
The "availability of Judge Nathan Goff
for a Cabinet position daily becomes more
manifest, and if a Secretary of State is
chosen this week and a Secretary of the
Treasury the week following, Judge Goff
is likely to be the next possibility who
will become a reality. If be is a mem bar
of the Cabinet he will doubtless be Attor
ney-General or Secretary of War. He has
been a Cabinet officer, and is on the
United States bench.
Should Senator Sherman decide to re
main in the Senate three Eastern men
will be considered in reference to their
availability for appointment as Secretary
of State, They are Stewart L Woodiord
and Anurew D. White of New York and
Ex-Governor John D. Long of Massachu
setts. 0; iho New York men General
Woodiord is thought by those who are
speculating upon the Cabinet to have
the better chance, but this is a matter of
surmise.
Mortgait for ,u;nty Millions.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— A mortgage
Humors
Of all kinds are caused by impure blood, and
may be cured completely and permanently by
purifying the blood with a few bottl?s of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Honrl Dills cure^lver • Ills;, easy to
« IUOU » rilia easy to opera te.2sc.
for $20,000,000, given by the Commercial
Cable Company of New York to the Farm
ers' Loan and Trust Company of New
Yorlr, was riled here to-day. The com- <
pany under the mortgage issues coupon 1
bonds, payable in gold and bearing 4 per I
cent interest. The instrument states that /
the cable company has bought all the
property of the Postal Telegraph Com
pany, and the bonds are to be issued to
pay the indebtedness of the company and
for the purchase of the company and
stock of the two companies.
"■• . ♦ ;
PROFJE&SOIt BAKXARD HUXORBn.
. . /
Awarded a Gold Medal btf the Royal
• Astronomical Society.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— Professor
Edward Emerson Barnard of the Yerkes
Observatory has been, awarded the gold
medal of the Royal Astronomical Society
in London. This great distinction was
bestowed upon him at the regular monthly
meeting of the society. President Harper
of the university was" informed of the ap
proaching honor ten days ago. "When he
received the news last night he at once
sent word to Professor Barnard at Lake
Geneva. Although there are Jew medals
held in the United States, this will mace
the second in Chicago. Professor W.
Burnbam of the university received the
honor in 1894. 1 Professor Barnard has
made several additions to science, chief
among which was the discovery of the
fifth satellite of Jupiter. SUB
SMITB, SHOO AXD PLANK.
Railroad of That Hame 31ay Be Sold for
Bonded Indebtedness.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 10.— United States
District Judge Thayer yesterday rendered
a decree of foreclosure in the case of the
Mercantile Trust Company of New York
against the St. Louis, Salem and Arkansas
Railway. The railroad and its branches,
known as the Smith, Sligo and Plank
branches, will be sold after due adver
tisement, unless within ten days payment
is made of $946,367, being the amount oJT^
first mortgage bonds with interest. 7
Xeto York's Elector nl College SteetM.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 10.— The electoral
college will meet here to-morrow at noon
in the Senate chamber and formally cast
the vote of the State of New York for
William McKinley for President.and Gar
retl A. Hobart for Vice-President. The
electors shall then appoint a person to
take charge of the list and deliver the
same to the president of the Senate at
Washington before January 18. A sim
ilar list shall b<> mailed to the president of
the Senate at Washington and one shall
be delivered to the Judge of the United
States Court for the Northern District of
New York.
Masked Bandits Bob and Burn,
GUTHRIE, 0. T., Jan. 10.— Masked
bandits held up Dr. Partridge and bis
clerks at bis general store, twenty miles
east of here, robbed the safe of $100 and
then set fire to the store, burning up $6000
worth of goods.
gggj* XEW TO-DAT.
THE SICK
ARE CURED.
The Depression Caused by
Disease Is Dispelled.
"niSEASES, ESPECIALLY THOSE OP
-i-' a chronic nature, cannot be cured ex-
cept by a treatment that strikes directiy ?*
at the root of the trouble. The new, origi- .
nal and marvelous method ot treating dis- I
eases mat is pursued at the State Electro- '
Medical Institute is one that never tails.
The salutary effects of ■ the treatment on
any disease are at once perceived and a
speedy and permanent cure is invariably \
made in every case.
The treatment is medical and electrical
combined. The peculiar method of ad-
ministering these two great curative reme-
dies is a new, original, scientific discovery
of the Institute. "It is used exclusively by
them and the most amazing results are.
accomplished in the treatment and cure of
all diseases.
The Institute is splendidly equipped
with every device known to the scientific
world for administering medical electric-
ity, including large Static. Faradic and
Galvanic batteries, Electric . Beits, Body
Batteries and a great variety of other
electric appliances that are manufactured
and used exclusively by the Institute in
their Electro-Medical treatment. By
means of these electric batteries and ap-
pliances, vitalizing, life-giving electric
currents, are used to aid in sending the
Institute medicines directly to the dis-
eased organs and diseased* parts of the
body.
The medicines prescribed at the Insti-
tute are perfect laboratory triumphs, for-
mulated from a true appreciation of the
medicinal wants of the body; and when
these medicines are aided in their recu-
perating and healing work by electricity
scientifically applied, every symptom of
disease is rapid Jy dispelled, the patient
soon regains perfect health and strength,
while the depression caused by disease is
displaced by the happiness and pleasure
that is the natural heritage of those twin
blessings, "a sound mind in a sound
body."
If you are sick or ailing, if you want to
know what id the matter with you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IKEATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, Blood Diseases, Rheumatism, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Diseases,
Stomach Diseases. Diseases oi toe Liver,
Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Dis- -\, -\
eases, Diseases of Men, Diseases of Women, . f
and all Curable Diseases.
$5 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES.
Write if you cannot call at the Institute,
describe your troubles by letter and the
Doctors will advise you what to do. Strict-
est confidence observed.
STATE ELECTROMEDICAL INSTITUTE,
3 EDDY STREET.
' ■ Ban Francisco, C'al.
It, A.Bertelln; Ires. H. Norrirann. Vice- Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. 2\ordman, Treat.
427 KEARN Y STREET,
Is the very best place to nave your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instrument exclusively
our own, ■ whose superiority has no: yet been
equaled.
we nave no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our wor>c lor sucoss. . .- ■
DR.MCMJLTYT
I'HIS WKLLKNOWX and RKLIABLE OUi '
.1 Specialist l*rlvate,Nervous,Bloo<laiid Ski ' 1 '-
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over - i '•
JO y pars' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient* / ;
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, it to3»* ■
daily;6:3o to B.3o evVs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Conmita-
tlon free and sacredly confidential. , Call or address * '
P. ROsC'OE MpKtLTT, M. D.,
28>4 Hrni'ii.r Street, Man Fr-wlfc., Cni.DISCONTENT IS
RIFE IN SPAIN
Popular Impatience With
the Government Daily-
Intensifies.
' Thpusands of Young Men Sent
to Cuba Are Mourned by
Their Families.
Conservative and Liberal Leaders Are
Distrusted and the Outlook Is
D?c d?dly Chao ic.
MADRID, SPAIK, .Inn. 10.— The popular
impati-nce wilh the Government because
of the failure to suppress the reDelHou in
Cabft and the Philippine Islands is daily
increasing. Thousands of the young meu
of Spain have been sent to Cuba, where
they have met deatb from disease or the
hardships of the campaign. Their fami
lies beiieve that they would be alive if it
wera not for the procrastinating policy ol
Captain-General Weyler, who, despite hi*
promises to juit down tiie insurrection,
has ap| arentiy accomplished littie, while j
f- unacdimated troops have been dying j
by thousands. The leaders of both tue
Conservative unrf Liberal parteis are dis
trusted, ana the present outlook Is cha-
otic Rumors of a change in the ministry
are frequently put in circulation and as
frequently denied, but in the present tem
jer of the people the accession of the Lib
erals to power would not banish the impa
tience which is felt everywhere. The fu
ture is looked forward to -with much
anxiety.
3HHIH.IXG TALK OF A.DTEXTURE.
Hair- -Raiting Story of Three ■■'mencarta
Who Hare Item to Cubi.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 10.— James
Magnire, "ccoaipanied by Jeremiah Bonds
of New York and Charles W. Alien of
Stanford, Conn., arrived on the Southern
express from Key West, Fla., on Satur
day end they tell a tale of adventures in
Cuba.
On the 10th of ia=t September the trio,
in company with William Barry, also of
New York, started for Cuba to join the
forces of the belligerents, and arrived in
-Havana on September 21.
Here they fell in with Jcsef Ruiz, a
Cuban patriot, who volunteered to guide
the quartet to the retreat of the Cuban
commanders. They headed for the Pinar
del Rio district, and when near Madrid j
were surprised and taken prisoners by
Spaniards, who decided to kill them. Re
cognizing the desperate situation they
decided to risk their lives in a vigorous
effort to escape.
Alter dark they loosened the ropes that
bound them, and grabbing rifles and ma- |
chetes they attempted to get away, but j
the Spaniards pursued, tiring a double j
volley. jPSS^I
Barry fell, shot through the heart, at
.the first fire, and Bond's right arm was
MTerfo-hited by a bullet. The surviving
■ .-outdistanced their pursuers. They
made every effort to get back and recover
Barry's body, but were unsuccessful.
After a tortuous and wearisome journey,
they arrived in the resion of San Cristo
bal. Here they arranged with an old man
to stop and rest at his house for a few
days. H s daughter betrayed them, and
on the morning of the second day they
v.ere awakened by a burly Spaniard in a
Spanish uniform.
Allen drew his revolver and fired. The
Spaniard fell, the ball having penetrated i
his rig.it eye and passed through his j
brain, causing almost instant .death.
Tney then toot to the loafTand from |
there sought refuge in a sued, which the '
Spaniards tried to burn, Making a great j
effort they got through the line of soldiers, I
who started in pursuit. For miles the
chase was kept up, but the quartet man
aired to keep ahead.
Weary, hungry and suffering intensely
from their wounds, they made their way
farther into the mountain* until they
came to a deserted cabin. No sign of life
was within or without. Here the four
recruits made their home for four days, ■■
living only on birds they could shoot and
the hard water found in an old well on the
premises.
On the fourth day they were surprised
by a body of Spanish patrollers. Sick and
weary, the men made no resistance and
surrendered. Their hands were tied be- !
hind their backs and they were compelled ;
to march for a distance of over ten miles,
when they were thrown into prison.
The next day they were forced to march
again until late in the afternoon, when
they were put in another prison, ana so
they were marched from prison to prison
until Havana was reached.
Here they were again thrown into pris- |
on. On December 23 the three Americans i
■ ■■'■:■• brought before General Weyler. j
Th ■•-.] were told that Ruiz, the young Cv- |
ban, had committed suicide by shooting
himself with a revolver which he snatched
from one of the guards. V
They discredit the suicide story and are
convinced that the younp Cuban was mur
dered. They were offered their liberty if !
they would sign a paper swearing allegi
ance to the Queen ol Spain and promising
on oat.i to do all they could against the
Cuban cause iv the United States. This
they agreed to do and the thrc3 were re
leased. , ■
O.\ AX Milt t\ it (j F MEItCX.
Captain. Myer*' Report of the ljfi*t Trip
of the OauntlcMS.
JACKSONVILLE, FtA., Jan. The
official report of Captain John W. Myers
of the steamer "Dauntless regarding • the
last trip of the vessel was completed yes
terday and forwarded by the Collector of
Customs tne Secretary of the Treasury.
In tins report Captain Myers pves a de
tailed account of tlie trip. He tells all
about finding the men left at No Name
Kfy by the steamer Three Friends and of
taking the men off the key and transfer
ring them to another steamer. As tbe
report shows that the Dauntless was on
an errand of mercy rather than a filibus
tering expedition, it is very probable that
the vessel w:il not be libeled for any vio
lution of the neutrality or navigation
Stwi.
\W. A. Bisbee, the owner of the vessel,
jsaJixious to secure clearance for the ves
eel to Non vitas, Cuba, as he has a contract
to deliver a cargo of arms and ammuni
tion at that point. Nothing further' has
been heard of orders for the United States
dispatch-boat Dolphin to accompany the
Dauntless .whenever that Vessel may.'.be
granted clearance and leaves this port. ' ; :
The.'revenue cutter Bout well went down
to the bar early yesterday morning and
carried Captain Clover, commander of the
Dolphin, out to his vessel, The Dolphin
has not yet entered the St. Johns River
and she will not come in until the tides
begin to run a little higher.
The cruiser Newark is still anchored off
the bar. She has been there for nine days
and in that time no attempt has been
made by any vessel to carry out an expedi
tion of ally kind. In fact there is no boat in
this port that is available for this work,
as the Three Friends is in the hands of
the marshal, and the Dauntless is in the
custody of an officer of the Boutwell.
The investigation by the Cubans under
the direction of General Nunez and Hora
tio Rubens of the sinking of the Commo
dore has not yet been concluded and noth
ing has been done toward making the re
sult of the investigation public
HESAXOn WHI CIS TALKS.
Say th« Cuban Resolution Hat a Poor
Chonee for Returrection.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— "The
chances for resurrection of the Cuban reso
lution are about as good as for the passage
of the Pacific funding bill," said Senator
White to-day; "that is to say, the chances
are very poor."
The California Senator is at present
deeply interested in both oft ese proposi
tions. It is understood that Senators White
and Teller had a conference yesterday to
try and devise ways and means to bring
up the Cuban resolution.
They are aboui convinced of the hope
lessness of it, however, for obstructionists
in the Senate will not permit it to be
broucht forward. Ii is tue opinion of Sen
ators White and Teller that at least part of
the opposition comes from friends of the
incoming administration. One of the
Senators said that in his opinion Presi
dent McKinley would adopt the policy
regarding Cuba now pursued by the
Cleveland administration.
Senator White believes this to be true
and he has talked to members of Congress
ana others who bare recently returned
from Canton. It is said upon excellent
authority that Major McKinley does not
desire the passage of the Cuban resolu
tion.
REKEIft-D BUI CHERIES.
Ihlrty Men, Wmmtn and Children Ruth-
l«t»ly Slaughtered.
TAMPA, Fla., Jan. 10.— Advices from
Havana per O.ivette tell of renewed butch
eries of Cubans by Spaniards. It is as
serted that Thursday night at Guana
bacoa Spanish troQps under Colonel Fon
deviels killed thirty men, women and
children and burned many houses. In
Pinar del Rio the Spanish troops are
accused of crimes against many Cuban
girls.
RACING STABLES BURNED.
The Noted Tiddleywinks and Thirteen
Other Hones Burned—Heroic Fidel iff
of Tony Brown, a Jockey.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 10.— The extensive
racing stables of the Norfolk Driving Club
and Fair Association were burned to-day.
Thirteen of the racing horses, including
John Mariner's $10, 000 Tiddleywinits, were
cremated.
The fidelity of Tony Brown, hostler, to
this horse will probably cost him his life.
In attempting to lead the horse from the
burning building he was frightfully
burned about tho face and back and his
recovery is considered extremely doubtful.
The loss will be about $30,000, on which
there is barely $2600 insurance.
William Burnett, a colored watchman,
was at first supposed to have been burned
alive, but he was later seen in the city and
was arrested, charged with having fared
the building. A northeast gale which
prevailed at the time saved the large
grandstand from destruction.
m
A. SHOCK! COLLISION.
Railroad Train Cranhid Into a Street
< nr With J'i nbnb y Fatal Hetult*
MINNEAPOLIS, lira*., Jan. 10.— A
Great Western passenger train ran into a
suburban street car last night, injuring a
number of passengers, one of whom may
die. The injured are:
Miss Helen Austin, a student at the uni
versity, cut about scalp and badly
shocked.
Miss Erickson, injured about head and
body.
E. S. Oakley, student at the university,
cut about the face and head.
Daniel Johnson, conductor, seriously
cut about the head and badly shaken up.
W. W. Riddle, professor of mathematics,
State University, sustained serious inju
ries about the head and a probable frac
ture of the skull; may die. *
VETECTIVK KILLS HIMSELF.
T. G Conklin of J*i»kerton'g Knntat
City Agrnrit Dead in lii* Chair.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 10.— Thomas j
G. Conklin, resident superintendent of j
Pinkerton's Detective Agency, committed !
suicide in hu office this afternoon by !
blowing out his brains with a 45-caliber ]
Colt's revolver. He was found at £>:30
o'clock by his cashier, Dennison, seated
in his chair Uead. By his side lay the re
volver with ons chamber exploded.
No motive is known for the suicide. An
inquest will bo held to-morrow. He was
45 years old and had a wife and three chil
dren. Mr. Conklin came nere from Phila
delphia about four years ago, and was
| acknowledged as one of the best superin
; tenuents connected with the Pinkerton
I service.
A' Fir*, in Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minx., Jan. 10.— Fire
at 1 o'clock this morning totally destroyed
the packing-house of the Anchor flour
mil!, owned by the Pillsbury-Washburn
Milling Company. Loss $200,C00, fully in
sured. The flames originated in the rhird
i story of the building from an unknown
! cause, and fora time threatened to destroy
j the entire mill. The firewall, however,
prevented further damage.
Hforr Worfe at John*towu.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa., Jan. 10,— The Cam
bria rail mill, No. 1, the twelve and six
inch miiis and the scrap mill will resume
operations to-morrow, giving employment
to many idle men. Tbe Cambria steel
mill was put in blast to-night. Two hun
dred men will al-o go to work tc-morrow
morning at the Johnson Company steel
motor works.
Van Talkenburg Indicted.
POTTSVILLE, Pa., Jan. 10. -The Grand
Jury has found a bill to-day against E.
A. Van ValKenburg, charged with at
tempting to bribe Representative Weiss
to vote for Hon. John Wanamaker for
United States Senator. The trial will
take place on Wednesday next.
Verdiel of >ot Guilty.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10—Tbe jury in
the case of John A. Hanley, ex-traffic
manager of tbe Santa Fe Railroad, charged
with violating the interstate commerce
iaws. returned a verdict of not guilty yes
terday.
Caused by Family Trouble*.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio, Jan. 10.— Herman
fetimru shot and killed his wife and sou
last ni^ht and then committed suicide.
Family troubles caused the deed. Stimra
had been acting queerly ot Jate and his
friends believe that he was crazy.
TO CUIiK A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take Uxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
guu refund the money 11 it Jails to cure, s • £>c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
ROLLCALL TO-DAY
ON FUNDING BILL
Vote Close, but It Is Thought
the Bill Will Be
Defeated.
Senator Mills Booked for a Hot
Speech on Independent
Cuba.
The Nicaragua Canal Bill Believed
to Be Dead During This
Congress.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 10.— Voting
upon the Pacific railroad funding bill and
amendment* will occur in the House to
morrow. The vote is likely to be close,
i but it is believed the bill will be defeated.
For the remainder of the week appro
priation bills will probably have the right
of way. The managers of the House are
determined that no measures imposing
additional charges either upon the credit
or the revenues of the Government sball
receive consideration nt this session if
they can prevent it. The Nicaragua cnnal
bill and several other propositions in
volving financial responsibilities may
therefore, be considered dead, bo far as
this Congress is concerned.
On Saturday afternoon the House will
constructively listen to eulogies upon the
tate ex-Speaker Crisp of Georgia.
In the Senate to-morrov Mills of Texas
is booked for a speech on Cuba. His text
will be the resolution he introduced a few
days ago recognizing the independence of
the republic of Cuba, declaring it to be
the duty of the executive to act in har
mony with Congress in recognizing a new
State, and appropriating a sum sufficient
to pay a diplomatic representative to the
republic when the President shall have
appointed one. The extreme position
taken by Mr. Mills leads to the belief that
his speech may be, to some extent, sensa
tional and that bis criticism of the atti
tude*of Mr. Olney may be severe.
Senators are awaiting the return to the
city of Mr. Cameron, who is in charge of
the Cuban question. There does not ap
pear to be any desire just now to push the
recognition resolutions.
Proctor of Vermont has given notice
that to-morrow he will address the Senate
on bis resolution for a constitutional
amendment making the Presidential office
a six-year term and the occupant ineligi
ble for two terms in succession ; also
making the terms of members of Congress
three instead of two years.
Early in the week the attempt will be
made to secure a vote on the Oklahoma
free homestead bill, and when that is out
of the way the Senate's Pacific railroad
funding bill may be taken up, unless
the House shows such hostility to Pacific
railroad legislation as to make the at
tempt hopeless.
oorJsnyoH duak i: is coxtejkpt
Conflict Jltttceen Jotca'm Executive and
Judicial Department*.
DES MOINES, lowa. Jan. 10.— Governor
Drake must commission John R. -Prime as
brigadier in command of the First Brigade
of the lowa National Guard or answer for
contempt of court. In case he is brought
up for contempt, the Governor's attorney
, has stated be will pardon himself, and the
interesting spectacle will be presented of
! the executive and judicial departments in
i direct conflict with each other.
Nearly a year ago Prime was elected by ;
the First Brigade as its commander.
Adjutant-General Wright had befriended
, James A. Guest, his opponent, and de-
I clined to admit Prime's election. ; He
ordered a new election and again Prime
won. Then the vote was so canvassed as
to throw out a large number oi Prime
votes. Gae»t was declared elected and
was commissioned. Prime sued for 7 a
mandamus to compel the Governor to
commission him. The case has been
| pending several months, and yesterday
Judge Spurrier decided it. He holds that
Prime was elected, that only personal
spite actuated the adjutant and Governor
in refusing mm the commission, and
holds that the Governor must commission
him at once. .
Attorney-General Ramley « represented
the Governor at the trial. He declared
the Governor's authority as Commander
in-chief of the guard paramount to t c
I court's, and said he would not ob3y its
! orders; if committed for . contempt,* : he
would pardon himself.
r. The defense will appeal at once, and an
early ' hearing is expected. Prime will
commence a proceeding to- oust (iuest as
commander of the brigade, and some sen
sational features are expected, as the Gov
ernor is expected to refuse to obey the
court's orders. ,
IT 18 A. GIGAMJC PROJECT.
Eastern JUechnnic* to tiuild a Big Iron
J'lant at Part Angeles.
PITTSBURG, PA.,Jan.lO.— A joint stock
company of Western Pennsylvania mill
workers has undertaken a gigantic project
in the building of a great iron and steel
plant at Port Angeleß, on Puget Sound,
thirty miles from Seattle, Wash. The
works will cover thirty acres and the cost
will exceed $1,500,000. Work, it is said,
will begin in tne spring. Over half the
! stock has already been taken by skilled
workmen employed iv mills located at
Braddoek. Duque3ne, Homestead, Mc-
Keesport, Turtle Creek.Wilmerding, Pitts
burg and Allegbany.
The stock rates are $100 per share, some
of the subscribers taking some 20 to
100 snares. Many of the Carnegie and
Westinehouse employes are interested.
The Board of Trade and Chamber of Com
merce of Port Angeles offered a tempting
bonus, which was accepted. The officers
of the company are: George M. Nimmer,
president; Thomas J. Murphy, vice
president, and JI. E. George, secretary.
The plant will employ 2000 men. The
compan-y has also :?ecured GOO acres of iron
ore and 10,000 acres of coal land.
7 he Holland Dames.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 10. -The cer
tificate of incorporation of the Holland
Dames of tho New Netherlands was riled
yesterday with the County Clerk. Tho
purpose is to found a society of women of
honorable Dutch descent to perpetuate
tho memory of early settlers, to collect
and preserve all records relating to the
Dutch in America and erect some monu
ment to their memory. The directors are:
Lavinia H. Denipsey. Jessie L. Boggs,
Martha H. Rhinelander, Mary J. Holland
and Anetta J. Van Olden.
Lionel I*ntcrence Very 111.
NEW YORK, N. V., JaD. 10.— Lionel
Lawrence, lessee and manager of the Savoy
Theater, is dangerously ill at the Metro
politan Hotel. Lawrence slipped and fell
on the street on Monday and injured his
spine in such a manner as to result in to
tal paralysis of both legs. His physician
says that wliile there is a probability of his
ultimate recovery it would be some time
before he would recover the use of his
legs.' ..-:'..- ';; ■ /,_:■ '■• - : ?
EXPLORER PEARY LECTURES.
His Adventures in Greenland Told io a
Large Audience in the Btockiyn
Academy of Music.
NEW YORK.N. V., Jan. 10.— Lieutenant
Robert E. Peary, the Arctic explorer, for
nearly two hours last night entertained a
large audience at the Academy of Music
in Brooklyn with his new lecture, em
bodying his observations in his trip to
Greenland last summer. None of his pre
vious lectures have been more replete with
instructive and picturesque description of
the borne of the "Arctic Highlanders" and
the habits and manner of life.
From the beginning to the close Lieu
tenant Peary illustrated the scenes, inci
dents and people of the North with re
markably fine lantern slide pictures, many
ol them beautifully colored and all of
them, as he assured his audience, true to
lile with regard to the origin of the Green
land Eskimos.
Lieutenant Peary is inclined to adopt
the theory of President Markham of tne
Royal Geographical Society of Great Brit
ain — that they are the remnant of an an
cient Siberian trice, the Onkilon, which
was driven to the Arctic Ocean by the <
waves 01 the Tartar invasion, passed to'
the New Siberian islands ami thence to
the northern grant and archipelago.
He described the Arctic Highlanders as
resembling children in disposition and
temperament — simple, kindly, cheenul
and hospitable. In their ability to make
use to the fuliest exientof the few posi
bilities of their country they were, in his
opinion ahead of any other aboriginal
nicp. He could find no trace of any reii
gion among the people, although holding
the superstitions customary among sav
age race 3.
At the close of th« lecture the staee cur
tain was raised and an Esquimau village
revealed with its twelve inhabitants with
their dogs and sleighs, movinc about in
their native costumes and encaged in
their usual occupations. The Esquimau
huts and kayaks and the other Arctic sur
roundings made a pretty scene.
Gets the Culloui Medal.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— The Amer
ican Geographical Society has awarded to
Civil Engineer Robert B. Peary, U. S. N.,
for his work in Greenland, the Cullom
gold medal, which will be presented at itt
annual meeting Tuesday eveuing. Mr.
Peary is the iirst recip>ent of the medal,
for which funds were provided by the late
General George W. Culiora, U. S. A., vice
president of the Geosrraphical Society.
VnHint/ Hrtuf.t a -Vnr Hearing.
FRANKFORT, Ky, Jan. 10.— The attor
ney of Alonzo Walling, sentenced to be
hanceci at Covington for complicity in the
Pearl Bryan murder, have riled a peti
tion with the Court of Appeals asking for
a new hearing.
Tobacco factory Burned.
DANVILLE, Va., Jan. 10.— The big five
story brick tobacco fictory of the Ameri
can Tobacco Company was entirely de
stroyed by fire, together with its contents,
this morning. Loss, $150,000; fully in
sured.
sn/orrrLOff j-ok jivi maxij.
Large Itotnry to Ji* shipped From Xeu>
<Jrr*ff/ Locomotive W-arks. ,;
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 10.— A large
rotary snowplow will be shipped from the
Cooke Locomotive Works at Paterson,
N. J., to-day for Roumania, where it will
do service on the Government railroads.
It is the largest and most perfect of its
kind ever made, weighing 122.000 pounds
and being tilted with a special Mange de
vice on the trunk on the wheels wh.cb
will effectually remove the ice that usually
clings to the rail and has to be removed
by hand.
\ The wheel of the plow measures ten feet,
with hollow, cone-shaped scoop* and auto
matic reversible knives of the best steel.
There is no dead surface, and the monster
will, by the aid of its great hinged wines
and clearance-plates, te ab;e to cut its way
throu h drifts twenty feet in height and
leave a clean path behind it.
SVXaWaY Xli.lH MODESTO.
It Resulted Fatally lor Jilakeley Wallis,
a i'oung Jtancher.
MODESTO, Cal., Jan. 10.— A runaway
accident yesterday resulted in the death
of the son of one of this county's well
known residents.
Blakeley Wallis, 17 years of age, son of
T. K. Walli?, was engaged in running a
scraper about 11 o'clock yesterday morn
inc on his father's ranch, fourteen miles
south of this place. The spring to the brake
broke throwing the young man forward.
He fell in front of the scraper. The
team began to run, and at every jump
made by the horses the Made of the
scraper btruck the unfortunate farmer on
the bide of the bead. The horses became
freed from the implement.
The noise attracted the mother and two
sisters of young Wallis. They found him
under the scraper, with its blade resting
upon him.
No men bein~ present, they had to lift
the machine off his body. He retained
consciousness, and died about 6.30 o'clock
last night
To Lio>ii .Santa Cruz Streets.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 10.— Pacific
avenue is to be lighted from end to end
with arc lights. The city now maintains
six lights, and to this number seventeen
will be added by a plan agreed upon
by the Board of Trade. Property-owners
on Pacific avenue are to contribute 3
cents per month per running foot of their
res-peciive holdings. The Santa Cruz
Electric Light Company agrees for
the »mount thus realized to sup
ply lights and care for them. The
distance to be lighted in this manner is
WJSO feet ana the price per lamp will be
about $12 per month.
trrgon Short Line Sale.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 10.— The Ore
gon Short Line and Utah Nortnern Rait
way and its extension, with all its prop
erty of every kind, was sold under
foreclosure in this city yesterday. The re
organization committee, through Henry
G. Nicholls, was the chief bidder, and to
Nieholls the road was knocked down for
$7,185,500. The amount realized on the
American Loan and Trust Company's
general mortgage was $5,447,500, and on
the two mortgages on the extensions,
$1,738,000. _
Sale of n Petaluma Sevospaper.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 10.— Mis3 Rena
Shattuck, proprietress of the Petalumian,
has sold that journal to Frank Snow, who
will change tbe name to the Buduet. Miss
Shattuck will take up her residence at
Sutter Creek, where she will start a
weekly paper.
Hutchetman in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10.— Ah
Yunp, a Chinese cook in a French restau
rant, was assaulted to-night by another
Chinaman armed with a hatrhet. The
weapon landed on his neck, inflicting an
ugly wound, but he will recover. He sayß
he do«s not know who his assailant is.
Former Xetv* Agent Dead.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10.— A
young man named Gilmer, formerly em
ployed as news agent on the railroads,
died suddenly here to-night, probably of
heart disease. His mother lives in Oak
land.
Frll Urml at Saufalitn.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Jan. la— William
Ludolph, a wine-broker and prominent
resident of Sausnlito, fell down dead this
aiternoon about 3:45 o'clock. The remains
are in cUarge of tue Coronet*
AUSTRIA MUST
GET INTO LINE
What the Extension of the
German Artillery Ser
vice Means.
Russia's Policy With Regard to
Turkey Exercises the
Driebund.
The Sultan Thanks the Kaiser for
Preventing Encroachments
on His Domain.
r Copyrighted, 1897. by the United Associated
Presses. J
BERLIN, Germany. Jan. 10.— Count
Goluchowski, Austrian Minister of For
eign Affairs, will arrive in Berlin on Janu
ary 11. The ostensible object of his com
ing is to take part in a meeting of the
members of Ihe German order of the Red
Eiigle, of which he wears the decoration
of the Grand Cjoss, but it is known beyond
the possibilily of doubt that the purpose
of 1)13 visit is to confer with the Emperor
and Prince Hohenlohe. the Imperial Chan
cellor, upon matters affecting the posi
tion of Austria in the Dreibund.
The radical changes in the artillery arm
of the German military service, which it
is tue intention of the Government to
effect if 'he assent of the Reichstag to the
proposals for that purpose can be ob
tained, will necessitate the pursuit
of a similar policy in the army of
Austria-Hungary, involving an estimated
expenditure of at least 80,000,000 florins.
If, as the result of the conference of the
Emperor, Couat Gulochowski and Prince
Hohenlohe, the Kaiaer should advise si
multaneous reforms in the armies of the
powers signatory to the Dreibund it will
be a question as to how far in that direc
tion Austria will be able to assent, while
it will be a matter of still greater doubt as
to whether its ally will be able to meet
the financial demands which the reforms
required will entail.
Despite its importance from every point
of v iew, however, the question of new
armaments is a matter of minor con
sideration compared with the crisis
in the international relations of the
Dreibund powers arising from the policy
of Russia in regard to Turkey. Indeed
nobody, even the diplomats themselves,
knows wnat will be the result of the con
ferences of the Embassadors in Constanti
nople. Baron de Calice, the Austrian
Embassador to Turkey, who, by reason of
his precedence as dean of the diplomatic
corps, presides at the conference, does not
appear to send reports of the proceedings
of the meetings to Count Goluchowsti
which that statesman is justified in re
gardiirg as of a comforting character, and
it is understood that the Austr.au Gov
ernment desires a luller and more explicit
understandins with the German Emperor
as to what action Germany will take in
tne event of an outbreak requiring the
armed intervention of Austria.
The nomination by the Kussian Em
peror of M. Shishklu as the successor of
Prince Lobanoff in the office of Russian
Ministei of Foreign Affairs, with Count
Muravieff as his coadjutor, occupying the
position previously tilled by M. Shishkin,
has greatly retarded the outlook from the
Drelbund point of view. Count Muravieff
was at one time secretary of the Russian
Embassy in Berlin, and is known to be an
intense partisan of the French and a pro
nounced German opponent.
Commenting upon his appointment as
the active Russian Minister, the Yolks
Zeituug declares that it will drive the
wedge which will bring about a dual alli
ance, if such a thing can be accomplished.
Germany, ihe paper adds, will rind her
present support of the policy of Russia in
the East a great mistake and should by all
means turn toward England.
The St. Petersburg Novosti declares that
the settlement of the difficulties in Tur
key cannot imply an extension of the
Austrian empire. "The Balkan penin
sula," this inspired journal says, "must
be handed over to tne Balkan peoples.
The question concerning Asia Minor and
Egypt can be settled under a Franco-
Kussian and British entente and Con
stantinople made a tree port."
In view of the semi-official utterances
and the known circumstances it is clear
that the Austrian Government fear 3 the
further development of the situation and
is sending Count Goluchowski here to as
certain the exact situation and learn pre
cisely what Austria may reiy unon in the
event of certain conditions ot affairs.
The Sultan has sent Grumbkoff Pasha
to Berlin as the bearer of an autograph
letter to the Emperor expressing the
thanks of the Suitan for the attitude as
sumed toward him by the Kaiser in pre
venting encroachments upou his preroga
tives.
The combination of brokers against the
time-dealing clauses of the Stock and Prod
duce Exchange reform account will only
succeed it the Government allows the
tenor of the act to be ignored. The
produce exchanges, which have been dis
solved and whoso late members continue
both cash and time dealings under the
guise of free associations, cannot be
brought- back into business life by the
mere fiat of the Government, but the free
associations are mistaken in supposing
that the act cannot check either opera
tions in "futures" if the authorities use
their powers.
When the brokers' intention to drive
through the act first became known the
Nord Deutsche Zeitung published, an
official intimation that its provisions
applied to all speculative business, time
ami other dealings transacted outside as
weil as inside the bourses. The scheme
■which the brokers, banks and their clients
have devised for the evasion of the act,
and which is now in full operation, set the
law absolutely at naught. The Govern
ment must either undertake a persistent
ana wholesale system of prosecution or
submit to seeing the act become a dead
letter. The Agrarian press, in rather
hesitating terms, demands prosecution,
and the Government is undoubiedly
reluctant to act. Probably tee issue of
this legislative mistake, which is now
recognized by the moderates of the
Agrarian party as something of a blunder,
will be the early appearance in the
Keichstag of another bill rescinding the
obnoxious provisions of the present law.
An extraordinary story regarding the
partition of China among tue leading
European powers, which has been gravely
discussed In, the German press, originated
in Herr Eugen Wolf's letters from Tien
Tsin to the Tageblatt. Herr Wolf has
never lacked audacity as a correspondent.
Upon the slender basis of the Russo-
Chinese railway convention he built up a
new version of the often-heard-of and as
often contradicted "secret treaty," with a
fanciful superstructure of its results.
Chios is to be dealt with like Africa.
Russia's sphere is to extend to the Yellow
Kiver, the German sphere from the Yel
low Kiver to the \'an Tse Kiang; tbe Eng
lish indefinitely south of the Yun Tse
Kiang, and the French northward from
Yunnan, meeting the English sphere. The
partition was suggested rather as a com
mercial than apolitical division, in which,
it will be observed, the American interest
was ignored.
Not a shred of truth, not even of prob
ability, ju-stilies this romance. The Rus
sian Emuassador at Pekin, Count (Jassun,
who is credited with achieving a tremen
dous diplomatic triumph by first securing
the Russian sphere oi influence in the
north, has, according to St. Petersburg
advices, obtained nothing beyond a
diminution of frontier dues by one-third
as a cence.-sion in connection with the
Eastern Chinese Railway. It is question
able whether this privilege can be \vorkel
without iis being granted to all countries
having commercial treaties with China
containing the mostfavuied nation clause.
The committee of the Deutscher Zugler
Verband has fixed the Kiel international
regatta for June 25, extending to July 1,
inclusive. Tue Nordaeutscher Regatta
Verein meets at Cuxhaven on June 21
and again on July 23 ani 24. The inter
national regatta promises to be the great
est event of tue kind ever seen in German
waters.
The members of the Reichstag who will
represent the sugar interests do not in
tend to endanger what they have got by
asking for more. They will oppose any
reduction in the bounty grants or altera
tion in the arrangement lor 1896-97, and
they have a majority ol the Keichsiag
wiiu them. /
The export of German raw sugar to the
Uniied States assumed enormous pro
portions m the past year. From January
to November last the totals were 12,397,191
double (or meter) huudred-weigut, as
against 473, 1£4 in 1395 and 075,057 in 1894.
The raw sugar exports to England during
these periods fell off largely.
All of the German States have ap
proved the sentiment expressed iv the
recent ea:ct ot the Emperor in regard to
dueling in the army and have adopted his
Majesty's suggestions in regard to the re
ferring of disputes to courts of honor in
stead of a resort to independent action on
tne part of the principals.
Th youthful Imperial Princes visited
and in their peculiar way inspected the
new Reichstag building on Tnesday. The
Youngsters were conducted by Councilor
Knark. Their visit was somewhat formal
at, its beginning, but when the boys
reached the spacious lobbies and later en
tered the hall in which the sittings of the
Reichstag were held they ran about lik^
{•choollaoys at play, as they really were.
When they were ushered into ihe session
hall and had its uses explained to them
the imperial children expressed their as
tonishment at its arrangement, which
required men of middle and advanced age
to sit at desks all in a line like schoolboys
and laughed heartily at the idea. Tue
boys were presented with photographs of
the session hall and oth^r parts of the
building, but paid little attention to
Counciior Knork's description of the
character of the great bui.dmg.
Tne North German Gazette, an Inspired
organ, asserts that the German Govern
ment has no intention of interfering in
tt,e case of Cuba, whatever the final issue
of the insurrection in that island or the
differences growing out of it between the
United Stales and Spain may be.
A debate took place in . the Prussian
lower house yesterday upon the question
of dissolution by the police of meetings
held in Prussian Silesia, at which the
Polish language is spoken. Freiherr yon
uer Recke yon der Horst, Minister of the
Interior, took an aggressive part in the
debate and advocated ihe adoption of
energetic measures against agitation on
the part of the Poles, the growing signs of
which he said Prussia must Dromptly and
energetically suppress.
Proiessor Rudolph Falb, the meteoro
logist of Vienna, is lying bedridden in that
city. He has a wife and five children, and
the entire iamily are in a state of extreme
destitution. A number of Berlin scientists
antl savants have started a fund for their
relief.
Mrs. William Walter Phelps, widow of
the late United fc-tai.es Minister to Ger
many, is visiting her daughter, the Coun
tess you Rottenburp, whose husband is
! curator of the university at Bonn.
SONOMA CHURCH DEDICATION.
Impressive Ceremonies Conducted by
Archbishop Riordan, Assisted by the
Pastor and Visiting Divines.
SONOMA. Cal., Jan. 10.— The new
Church of St. Francis Solano, which has
just been completed on the site of the old
building, which was accidentally de
stroyed by lire some months ago, was
dedicated this morning by Archbishop
Riordan, assisted by Rev. Father Quill,
rector of the parish, and visiting clergy
men from San Francisco and Petalurna.
The ceremony was very impressive and
the music appropriate to the occasion.
Miss Caroline Hersey sang the Christmas
canticle, "Xoel."
The parish of St. Francis ranks among
the oldest in ISorthern California. As
early as 1823, it is said, Franciscan priests
were here as missionaries among the In
dians.
Shortly afterward the late General
Vailejo appeared on the scene, and due
largely to Iris efforts the old .Mission
Church was constructed. This church,
witli its long adobe convent, is still
standing, but it has long since
passed out of the bands of the priests,
and since it 3 abandonment twelve years
ago, when a new church was built in a
more populous part of the city, it has
been employed as a storeroom for hay
and grain.
The new church is a handsome struc
ture, of pure Gothic architecture, and is
in every way suited to the needs of a
large and growing congregation.
BVILOIKG TO AZUSA.
Southern Pac 'ftefJifn neA Line Rapidly
Extended from Monrovia.
AZUSA, Cal., Jan. 10.— A large force of
men and teams are busily at work con
structing the new branch road of the
Southern Pacific Railway between Monro
via and this place.
Work is also being rapidly pushed upon
the company'a new bridge over the San
Gabriel River. This new road, which is
expected to be completed inside of sixty
days, will pass through a very rich coun
try, and will place Azusa upon twotrans
continer.tHl railroads, the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific.
: . ■■'..-. ;'•:-. - new to-day:;;
\%Jj B R Sandens vCipi
nccDnMncMT
This is not a S?fVc- It is guaranteed HSS" j\ »■' IHB^ I Q r i\| S
c'.ieap Belt. It is C* \i. ' or one year, IS Llll MJ B\3 BJ 111 m
not a tsv. and is''"^*s 'iVt: and the electric ■■^•"••^^^'* ...... mm •m . m
.sold wholly on its f^-SVl^, current is .war-- . . . ' -
own merits. : **>iJ,V^*" ranted. "
This is the condition of many a young fellow who ha 3 wasted his strength in
yonthfnl follies or excesses. Tlien comes an unending drugging that' ruins the
stomach and fills the system with.' poisons.: / Is it to be wondered at tuat men lose
heart and exclaim,, "Is there no hope?" Such men fail an easy prey the "quack
specialist," who uses all his ingenuity in extorting money from him, rather than in
making an honest effort to cure him. -/ " . >
■. , ■■■ • . • ■ -: ■ : ;: ; : r^(C>TJ3XrC3-:;.3VE^.»r,>::
Have you hart such an experience? Have youiiouKhtin vain for a cure? Then turn
away from nauseating drugs and conscienceless quacks.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is your means of a cure. It has cured thousands of such cases as yours after every-
thing, in the line of drugs, had failed.* Call :or write for f Dr. Sanden's famous book.
; "THREE CLASSES OF: MEN." It tells how electricity cures weakness, "ancLrefers
you to men in ;: your 'own locality who have been cured; -It will be mailed, sealed,
free to any t address. Investigate some (of i the cures ; made : . by Dr. Sanden's Electric -
Belt, and learn his methods of curing weakness and disease. It will pay you many
times over to do this. Call' or, address .
••••-.' ■-- s.A.3xrx3:E2:Kr rexjEOTnLio ■: CO.* .:,; ■■::::: >:- v.
632 ; MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
[ ; * Offlcehoura —8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. V Los ''An«elet ; Offic3 204 South Broad*
TBJ' ; " l'ortland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo/, 933 Sixteenth street., ' . •;■-;"
i* Mn*..— no mistake in the number— 632 Mantel »treefc/ •- t
INDIAN UPRISING
AT CAPE MUDGE
Suppression of a " Potlach n
May Lead to Dire
Results.
The Son of a Defiant Chief Is
Carried Off by Whit?
0 ficials.
Whisky-Crszed Tribesmen Vow Ven
geance, and Settlers Fear
a Massacre.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 10.— Edward
Wilson of Gape Mudge, on the northeru
coast of this province, arrived in the city
last night to seek help of the Indian De
partment to avoid a threatened uprising
of the natives. The trouble is caused by
the determination of the Government to
put down the disgusting practice of "pot
laches." Theso potlach gatherings of tha
Indian? are held in winter after their re
turn from sealing and fishing and are rel
ics of old barbarian rites that the authori
ties had not interfered with until strongly
urged to do so by the missionaries.
At these feasts the young braves torture
themselves in various ways, and one fea
ture is the tearing up of a live dog with,
their teeth and devouring the reeking
flesh.
The Cape Mudee Indians refused to de
sist and Chief Moon recently issued in
vitations for a big potlach.
Constable Hanson of Cortez Island last
Tuesday arrested Chief Moon and his son,
and the tribesmen, wildly excited, flociced
down to the landing-place as the prison
ers were being taken away and rescued
the chief, the constable, with the assist
ance of some determined white men, man
aging to hustle the son on to a boat and
carry him away.
The Indians, furious at this interference
with their orgies, called a gathering of the
tribe and medicine men, and, though
some older heads counseled peace, the
younger bloods have spread the news
abroad among the coast tribes and they
are flocking to Cape Mudgo armed, deter
mined to hold a potlach in spite of every
thing.
White settlers on the coast near that
part are few, and grave fears are enter
tained that, once maddened with whisky,
whicn is smuggled in to them in spite of
the efforts to stamp out the traffic, the
Indians will break loose from all control
and a massacre of the whites result.
All warships are at present away from
Victoria, but there is a company of regu
lars at the fort and enough militia here
and in Vancouver to send to the scene if
the situation keeps a3 threatening as at
present. The flagship Imperieuse is to
ward the north of Vancouver Island now
and can be summoned in short order.
However, the provincial police force un
der Superintendent Hussey is very effi
cient and it is likely that a number oi
them well armed will be dispatched to
Cape Mudge as a first precaution before
the soldiers are called out.
It is not many years since a strong force
had to be sent to Skeena to auell a native
uprising there and since then the Indians
have been overawed and no trouble has
occurred until the present.
VALLEJO MINISTER'S MISSION.
Will Interview Roe, the Condemned Mur
derer, end Endeavor to Obtain
Material for a Sermon.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 10. -Rev. W. L.
Gaston, pastor of the Cornell Baptist
Church, will visit the jail at Nana to-mor
row for the purpose of having a conversa
tion with the condemned murderer Row*,
who is to hang Friday next.
The pastor desire 3to obtain data for a
sermon to be delivered in his church at
this place next Sunday night.
Among the questions to be propounded
to the condemned man are: To what does
he attribute his downfall ; what drink had
to do with it; and whether he desires to
make any statement or leave any mes
sages behind?
Sheriff McKenzie, who has given per
mission to the pastor to interview the
man, has warned him not to disclose his
profession prior to the queries being pro
pounded, otherwise, like all others who
have endeavored to hold religious con
verse with him, he will meet with a cold
rebuff, as Rowe does not seem to care for
the company of any spiritual advisers.
It is now claimed that Rowe is one of
the two inhuman monsters that carried a
young girl into tbe brush near Winters a
few years ago, and after a brutal assault
left her bound hand and foot to die.
Mill- Winter fair Jtutician Suicide*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 10.— A man
supposed to be J. Burgobiz, one time a
musician in Vienna Praeter Orchestra at
the Mid-Winter Fair, took a dose of rough
ou-rats to-night and died a few minutes
after reaching the receiving hospital. A
pass into the fair grounds was found on
him, but hi? letters were addressed to J.
Burkovits. He had been out of wort and
was greatiy despondent.
34
UTAH'S UNITED
STATES SENATOR
Lively Contest for the Seat
to Be Vacated by
Brown.
Gallant Fight of Thatcher, the
Ex-Mormon Apostle, Against
the Church.
The Bitter Feeling Engendered May
Resu t in the Selection of a
Dark Horse.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 11.— The Utah
State Legislature meets to-morrow, and on
Tuesday week will take the first ballot for
a United States Senator to succeed Senator
Brown. Fifty-eight of the sixty-three
members are Democrats, and the three
most prominent candidates for the Sena
torial toga — Moses Thatcher, ex-Congress
man Rawlins and Judge Henderson— have
opened headquarters at the leading hotels
and are entertaining with some iiberality.
Thatcher, the recently unfrocked Mor
mon apostle whose ecclesiastical downfall
is the consequence of his opposition to
church leaders attempting to control
politics, is making his fight as the anti
church candidate and has a strong follow
ing, which has been augmented by the
virtual withdrawal of Judge Powers from
the contest and the issuance of an address
by Powers urging his supporters to vote
for Thatcher.
Rawlins is a leading lawyer, very popu
lar ana did veteran service in obtaining
Statehood for Utah. He is considered the
Btrougest in the race.
Henderson, although a Gentile, is re
ceiving some suiiport from the Mormon
church, but his advocacy of silver is not
strong enough to suit the views of the
people here, which will probably prove
fatal to his chances.
The feeling between the Thatcher and
the Rawlins factions is bitter, and if
neither has strength enough to be elected
Powers may come in as a compromise
candidate or it may go to a dark horse, of
whom there are several, notably Truman
and Harris.
THE IDAHO SESATORSHIB.
Uubois Men Expect to Win -dfler the
Tirat Few Bnllot*.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 10.— The first ballot
for United States Senator will be taken in
the Idaho Legislature on Tuesday, and
unless ail indications fail, it will result in
no choice.
A careiul canvass of the members indi
cates that eighteen Democrats will vole
for various Populists, sixteen of the twen
ty-three Populists will vote for Claggett,
and four for Angell. The twenty-eight
silver Republicans will go solidly for Da
bois and tbo one McKinley Republican
will vote for some gold man, but in case
his vote is necessary to defeat a Populist
he will throw it to Dubois.
After the first few ballots the Dubois
men expect enough Democrats to come
over to their side to give their candidate
the necessary thirty-six votes. On the
second ballot Johnson (D.) expects to re
ceive the full Democratic vote of eighteen
and some Populists.
The Populists have decided not to go
into caucus until after the first ballot is
taken, and then their efforts will be
directed to finding a candidate who will
unite the Democratic and Populist vote.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY BULBS.
Arrangements Progressing for a Grand
Show the Last of February — Flora/
Society Election.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan 10.— The arrange
ments for the bulb show to be held by the
Santa Clara County Floral Society are
progressing favorably, and from the con
dition of the plants it is believed the ex
hibit could not be given later than the last
of February. About 2500 bulbs were pur
chased by the society and specially planted
for the show. These, together with the
bulbs already under cultivation, will make
the finest display ever seen on the coast.
A. Cann, Mrs. J. H. Sykes and Mrs.
S. R. Wilkes have been appointed a com
mittee to examine and oversee the grow
ing of the plants, with the view of having
them bloom as near together as possible.
At tne annual meeting of the Santa
Clara County Floral Society yesterday
atternoon the following officers were
elected :
Flora. Mrs. S. R. Wilkes; president,
Mrs. J. F. Thompson; vice- president,
Cyrus Jones; secretary, Miss Lizzie Ab
bott; librarian, Mrs. Helen Lorimer; di
rectors — E. M. Ehrhorn and William
Eeaucbamp.
The society has a membership of sev
enty and is in a flourishing condition.
A PBISCJPALS' CLUB.
Heads of Public bchoolt Meet and I'et
frct an Vrtjanizntion,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— A majority
of the principals of the public schools of
the county met at the High School yester
day and perfected the organization of a
principals' club. The object of the organ
ization is the study of pedagogical sub
jects in relation to school matters.
A. E. Shumate was elected president for
the ensuing year; H. M. Bland, vice-presi
dent; Mis 9 Carrie M. Wuoster, .secretary;
Miss Lois Peckham, corresponding sec
retary, and John Manzer, treasurer. The
president appointed a board o! directors
for the year, consisting of H. M. Bland
(chairman), D. T. Baicman, A. M. Kelley,
Mrs. S. B. Olinder and Miss B se.
>»Aconstitutiori and by-laws were adopted.
The next meeting will be held the tirst
Saturday in February. Some prominent
educator will be secured to address the
meeting, after which the general state of
educational affairs from a teacher's stand
point "will be taken up in roundtable dis
etusion.
AMSTALLATIOX AAD RiXQVET.
M'nai B'rith member* Addressed by
Grand President Wolfe.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— The installa
tion of officers and the presence of Grand
President Edyard I. Wolfe of the Inde
pendent Order of B'nai B'rith of San Fran
cisco were made the occasions of an elabo
rate banquet by Ariel Lodge of that order
in /this city this evening.
Grand President Wolfe addressed the
lodge at length upon the advantages of a
new endowment system recommended for
(he order which he will also advocate be
fore the meeting of the Grand Lodge to be
, held in Stockton in the near future.
The following officers were installed by
the crand president: Monitor, E Mi
chaels; president, Alex J. Hart; vie '-presi
dent, L. M. Straus-; secretary, J. E. Har
ris; financial secretary, B. Benjamin ;
treasurer, E. Witkowsky; warden, M. Ap
p!eton; guardian, B. It. Blum; assistant
monitor, M. Blumenthal; trustees— Wil-
liain Osterman, L. Hart and P. S. Hirscl
EQUAL SUFFItAGISTS.
S mta Clara Cnunta Club Meets and
Ulecti Officer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— A number of
representatives of the various political
equality clubs of the county met in this
city recently and formed the Santa Clara
Equal Suffrage Club. The organization is
an auxiliary of the State Suffrage Associa
tion.
The following officers were elected:
President, Mrs. McQuoid, Santa Clara;
vice-pje^ident-at-large, Mrs. Southard,
Palo Alto; vice-presidents, acting chair
men of different county clubs; corre
sponding secretary, Dr. Avery, San Jose;
recording secretary, Mrs. Haynes, Santa
Clara; treasurer, Mrs. Flora Smith, Wil
low Glen; auditors, Miss Lola Balis, East
San Jose, and Mrs. Moulton, Campbell.
The next meeting will be held at the
Unitarian Church on January 14.
DEAD IN THE SLOUGH.
A Colusa County Rancher Wandered Away
from Home White Insana and
Was Drowned.
COLUSA, Cal., Jan. 10.— E. M. Houx,
the Colusa County rancher who, it will
be remembered, was taken to an asylum at
Livermore two months ago to be treated for
a nervous malady, and who escaped about
two weeks ago, was recaptured at Suisun
and taken home, was found dead this
afternoon in a slough near bis home, a few
miles west of Maxwell.
He was in Colusa the past week and was
detained by the officer* until a regular
keeper from the Livermore institution was
sent for to take care of him. He feared
being sent to an asylum and eluded his
attendant.
He was missing for two days when he
returned to the Colusa Hotel at night for
something to eat and was captured. His
hair and coat were covered with straw,
which showed that he had probably been
hiding in a barn near by.
His wife took him back to their home
where, still in charge of the keeper, he
seemed more contented and was doing
very well until last nieht. Then the old
tear of being returned to an asylum
possessed him and he again slipped away.
A search was begun and continued all
night. It was not until aoout 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon that his body was found
face downward in a slough.
It is thought that in attempting to cross
it he mired and was unable to get out.
The water was only about two feet deep
where he was found.
BORROWED A STOCKTON HORSE.
Thomas Hudson Quietly Skips the Town
and Is Arrested at Greenwood
for Grand Larceny.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 10.— Last week
a man named Thomas Hudson, who has
been staying at a local lodging-house with
his wife, secured a horse from Samuel
Anderson of this city on the pretext that
he wanted to carry a load of potatoes to
Jamestown.
From E. Ball, who lives in the out
skirts of Stockton, he obtained a rig
and harness, saying that he intended to
peddle onions in the mountain towns and
would purchase the borrowed articles on
his return if they suited him.
That night Hudson ana his wife re
moved their belongings secretly from the
lodging-house in which they had been liv
ing and started for Greenwood, in Placer
County, wnere relatives of Mr*. Hudson
are said to live.
Anderson became suspicoius of Hudson
after hiring the horse to him, and learned
that he had not gone to Jamestown. The
matter was reported to Sheriff Cunning
ham, and a warrant was issued for Hud
son's arrest on a charge of errand larceny.
To-day he was> arrested at Greenwood by
a depnty sheriff of Placer County, and he
will be brought here to-morrow for trial.
Hope for Santa Cruz'z Idle.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 10.— Three
hundred meals have been served and
seventy-five lodgings supplied by tne Sal
vation Army since the opening of the
shelter a week ago. Honest unemployed
men are thus spared the necessity of ask
ing charity and can preserve tneir inde
pendence and self-respect by saying noth
ing and sawing wood. Thirty doiiars
worth of sawed wood has been sold and
the expenses of the shelter thus provided
for. There is no longer excuse for idlers
in Santa Cruz and those wi>o wili notwork
are sent to jail.
Tacoma'M Kx-Ivaiurer Must Do Time.
OLYMPIA. Wash., Jan. 10.— Governor
McGraw has refused to pardon G. W.
Boggs, ex-City Treasurer of Tacoma, sen
tenced to six years imprisonment for col
lecting interest on city deposits. The
petition for a pardon had hundreds of sig
natures from all parts of the State. The
attorneys for Boggs filed a motion in the
Supreme Court for a rehearing, alleging
insufficiency of evidence. They claim he
has been made a scapegoat and that the
petition for a pardon is denied for politi
cal reasons.
Drowned in Salmon Bay.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 10.— Peter Eng
lish of Seattle, aged 22, and H. J. Hofk
mann of San Francisco, 26 years old, were
arowned last night in Salmon Bay, near
Ballard. They bad stolen some anchor
chains from t< c steamship Michigan and
in a rowboat were making for this
city when the craft from the ex
cessive weight of the iron sunk, carrying
both men down to death. Robert Dupet,
Ballard and Alfred Proctor, of this city,
who are supposed to have been implicated
in the tbeft, are under arrest.
If'atli of a Victoria Journalist.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 10.— Henry Law
son, for eight years past editor of the
"Colonist," aied yesterday after a fort
night.'* illness. He was a pioneer journal
ist of Canada, having for forty years past
been engaged in active editorial work
here, in Montreal, Toronto and Prince
Edward Island, the latter province being
his birthplace and the scene of the active
efforts of his earlier life.
Suitun and CrnUr+ille Tie at Football.
SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 10.— The football
game here this afternoon between the
home club and Centerville was stubbornly
contested. In tne first half neither side
scored, and the second was the same.
The contest wan a splendid one and at
tracted a large number of spectator?. The
game being a tie, arrangements will be
made to settle the superiority of the teams
in the near future.
Sloth I n*r, a Match.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 10.—
In failing to throw Oscar Alarbet at catch
as-catch-can in fifteen minutes to-night,
Charles Moth of Seattle, champion Grirrn-
Roman wrestler, lost a purse of $200.
The men were in poor condition ana did
not make a good showing.
Hurt Chri-ilmn*, Hied Xfntrrdny,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 10.— Fred
Acrondi died to-day from internal in
juries received by falling into a ten-foot
noie near G endale, Christmas night
Presidio Athletic Groandg.
At the Presidio grounds thr?e games
were played, with the following results:
Invincibiea 13, Genials 5; St. Francis
21, Llah 18; J. J. O'Briens 16, Kohlberg,
Strauss <fe Frohman 6.
Other Games.
The Dauntless team defeated the l r oung
Tu'ts-Lyonsin an exciting game by a score
of 14 to 11.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
STOW LAKE IS
NOW A BIG HOLE
The Water Was Emptied
Into the Sand Last
Week.
Seventy-Five Men Engaged in
Cleaning the Bottom of
Debris and Weeds.
Large Quantities of Trout Found in
the Saallow Pools and Tern*
porarily Preserved.
________
The crowds that went to Stow Lake in
Golden Gate Park yesterday were aston
ished to find the lake gone. All they saw
was the hole. No tish, no boats, no water
in evidence, but instead a great deal of
ooze and water weeds and disgruntled
duck? and swans. The hole was not much
to look at. still it seemed to afford consid
erable amusement and wa3 the cause of
much curiosity.
All through the past week the park had
received a little "syphon" in its sand, and
that effected the surprising change yester
day.
It was a big undertaking that Superin
tendent McLaren laced a weeu ago to-day
when he put his men at work on the lake.
The supply of water running into the res
ervoir was shut off, and then three exhaust
pipes, each having a diameter of ei-ht
inches, were opened. Their discharge of
■water from the lake was subdivided and
distributed over the sandy hollow west of
Strawberry Hill. The water rushed through
with great force, but owing to its distribu
tion it scattered harmlessly over the sand.
To assist these pipes in emptying the
large body of water whiob has formed the
beautiful lake oncirc. ing Strawberry Hill
two treat syphons were introduced whers
they discharged one into the valley known
as the '49 camp and another one on (he
north side. The current from the syphons
tore up a deep rut of 100 feet lone in the
fine sand, but at no time dii a pool form ;
the water sank almost instantly, as if the
ground were a sponge with an insatiable
thirst.
Day and night for a week these pipes
discharged and lowered the level of the
lake. By Friday at noon only a little
water was left, and that in the lower level
0:1 the east side, which is a foot deeper
than at the other end.
On the dry portion several men were
started with scrapers and shovels. It was
their duty to scrape and gather the mud
and weeds. Saturday saw seventy- live
workmen in the bed of the lake. They
worked in groups, and as fast as t-he solt
slusu that discolored the water could be
gathered it was hauled away in wagons.
The bottom of the lake was lound to be
hard and solid as the day it w-as laid, and
carts Passed over it without cutting the
beaten ciay. This was an agreeable sur
prise for the superintendent, for the lake
is perhaps the first one successfully con
structed on "made" ground. Another
week will be given to cleaning it and then
the water will be pumped in till the lake
is full again.
When the water was very shallow in the
lowest spot a remarkable quantity of trout
was found there. The fish were from ail
sizes from "that length" down to little
bait, and there was more of them than
water to swim in. With a large net the
speckled trout were raised and moved to
the pool at the base of the waterfall.
There they will remain until the lake is
full, Out they are having a rather con
strained time of it with barely elbow
room for their fins. They all appeared to
be healthy and to have done well in their
artificial home.
It will take at least from seven to ten
days to fill the lake and about February
1 newly varnished and painted boats will
be ready to sail over its placid face and
the rebellious fowls can have their cus
tomary aquatic srort.
A SERMON ON SOCIALISM
Rev. A. J. Wells Begins a Series
of Unconventional Ad
dresses.
" Civilization May Hive to Contend for
Its Life With the Forces It
Hs Evolved"
The Rev. A. J. Wells, pastor of the
Second Unitarian Church, Twentieth and
Capp streets, preached an interesting and
altogether unconventional serrron last
night on "Socialism," the first one of a
series on the industrial situation. In the
course of his remarko he said :
"We have entered upon a new era in the
history of the world. For 2500 years the
eh;e. interest to the student of history has
been the struggle of the democratic idea.
Privileged classes, imperialism, the divine
right of kings has gone down. The dem
ocritic idea has emerged, but now that
the people have political freedom, what
will they do with it? Have the principles
of popular government been carried to
their logical conclusion? Socialist's say
no. We have political democracy and
religious democracy. The next step is
industrial democracy, and that is Social
ism. The social question is, and is to be,
the Question of our time.
"What produces the dissatisfaction with
the existing social order? It is first a re
action against individualism. The daily
press often classes socialists and anarch
ists together. Tbey are not alike. They
represent the extremes of social thought.
Anarchism is the abolition of all govern
ment, socialism is the doctrine that gov
ernment should control everything for
the common good; second, socialism is an
outgrowth produced by the contrasts ot
society. Wealth has never been so- dif
fused, the comforts of wealth nev6r so
general, wages never so good, yet the con
trasts were never so great. Our greatest
peril is the concentration of wealth, our
greatest need an equitable distribution of
wealth. Political economists say that the
benefits of the present civilization are not
impartially distributed, and it is not
strange that workingmen should agree
and be restiess. Then, again, the situa
tion is complicated by invention. Ma
chinery tends to heighten differences of
condition, to establish social classes and
to erect barriers between them.
"It does this by separating the employer
and employed. It does this by maK
nig the workingman himself a ma
chine. Statistics show that the man
ufacturing departments of our pop
ulation are inferior to the agri
cultural departments, the monotony of
much factory work tending to injure the
manhood oi the wageworker. The drift
of thing* makes operatives into an hered
itary class. Wife and children are often
compelled to assist in the struggle for
bread. The hard struggle perpetuates ig
norance, develops intemperate habits and
debases manhood. Children born of such
parents are feeble and repeat the history
of ihe peneration from which they sprang.
rier« are ihe roots of socialism.
"The same law which tends to make a
hereditary class of operatives tends also
to create a class of capitalists and monop
olists. Then combination enables this
class to command the trade, and produc
tion is stopped long enough to advance
prices. Boaidi of trade make and un
make the prices of food. Students of so
ciology know that the death rate rises and
falls with the prices of food, but combina
tions can determine for a time the prices
of the very necessaries of life.
"When civilization thus tends to injure
multitudes by the very conditions of its
advance, dwarfing manhood by the tri
umph of inventive genius, when it tends
to develop despotic power, oppressive and
exasperating, it may fairly be questioned
whether such civilization produces right
and wise economic conditions.
"The time may come when modern civ
ilization will have to contend for its life
with the forces it nas evolved. In that
day will popular government be our
safety? No! Because ot our free institu
tions the battle will be first fought out
here.
"What is tho path to a more harmonious
social state? There is no answer that can
be put into a sentence; there is no easy
road to the world's social paradise. In re
ligion the notion of a church kingdom— a
kingdom of the saints— must give way to
the kingdom of humanity. In trade the
practical maxims involved in the competi
tive civilization are self-defeating; they
cannot be applied to private business or
public policies without endangering the
stability* of society. 'What 13 not good for
the bee'is bad for the hive.' "
SHE DIED IN LONDON-
Mr*. Mcßoberts, a Former Resident of
This City, Passes Away.
News of the death of Mrs. Mary Mc
ivoberts in London, Eng., has just been
received in this City. She passed away on
December 1.
Deceased was for many years a resident
of the Pacific Coast and of this City, where
she was universally known and admired
as one of the ablest champions of lemaie
emancipation and the central figure at
every women's gathering of any import
unce. Her husband was at one time con
nected with the press of tiiis City, but left
for London about two years aeo, accom
panied by his wi c, and is at present act
ively engaged there in the journalistic
profession.
Mrs. Mcßoberts was Miss Mary McDon
ald before she married and as such enjoyed
a well-earned reputation in educational
circles. Leiand Stanlord Jr. was among
her pupils.
Her death will be deeply regretted by
her friends in this part of the world, to
whom her many admirable qualities of
minfi and heart nad closely endeared her.
No intimation of the lact that she was
ill had been received prior to the un
expected announcement of her demise.
HIGHER WHEAT
HELPS PRODUCERS
Flour Goes Up and Bakers
Raise the Price
of Bread.
Restaurants Get Smaller Loaves
and They Make Com
plaint.
The recent great demand for California
wheat has caused a noticeable stimula
tion in tbe price of the product and all
things made therefrom.
Within tbe past month it has become
generally known that there are not to ex
ceed 4C0.000 tons of wheat in this State.
As a result the price has taken a great
jump in milling anu shipping grades.
Flour, feeling the stimulus, has gone
from J3 35 to $4 80. These figures are
for the ordinary grades, used by local
bakers. The quality that wu? bought for
low figures a few months a<jo is now
$1 15 higher per barrel, but the total raise
sii.ce the wheat first advanced has been
$1 55.
The immediate effect of tbe increased
price oi flour on local bakers has been to
cause a diminution of the loaves, likewise
in the size of roils, doughnuts and other
article-* rated under the designation of
bread stuffs.
Local restaurant proprietors complain
that they are getting decidedly the worst
of the new rates.
"We pay the same price for much
smaller loaves now," said a prominent
restaurateur; "so you see that the baker
eets the same prices for smaller measure*.
Tue German rolls we buy now Hre only
about half the size they were. We get a
funny assortment of doughnuts nowa
days. They give us a range of sizes in each
dozen, scaling them down. On each loaf
of bread they cut off from two to four
ouncs, and that m ans two oi three good
slices. This forces us to buy more bread,
because we cannot cut our customers short
or charge them more for their orders."
The proprietor of the Prost bakery, 328
Third street, was seen relative to the in
creased prices last nisjht. He said:
'•It is true that flour has gone up about
$1 55 ■ barrel and we have been compelled
to make loaves two ounces smaller. If
the thing continues we will have to cut it
down two ounces more. The advance in
the price of flour has of course given the
producer more. Farmers get more for
their wheat, millers charge more for their
flour and we have to go to higher prices
for our bread."
Bakers met in mass-meeting at the
Turk-street Temple yesterday afternoon
to consider problems connected with their
business. Those assembled were chiefly
members of Unions Nos. 24 and 42. They
had expected a promised report from In
spector Cameron on the coudition of
bakeries.
As he was not there they made loud
complaint. He was particularly criticized
by William Postler, who 'said that be be
lieved it to be the duty of a public official
to serve those who got him appointed to a
position, especially as that official had
promised to come and make a report.
Resolutions were passed favoring the
bill now pending in the Lesislature to
compel bakers to keep their establish
ments clean, and for che protection of
employes trom employers who desire
them to work more than ten hours a day.
Speeches on these subjects were made
by Messrs. Rough, Seiler, Posiler, Ross
berg, Lynch and Warnecke, and it was re
solyed to do all possible to have the sani
tary measure become a law.
EPIPHANY SERMON. ~
Rev. Or. Spairiing Preaches on the
Psalmist'g Words.
Dr. Spalding of St. John's Episcopal
Church took for his text yesterday morn
ing the words of the psalmist, "The
heavens declare the glory of God and the
firmament showeth His handiwork. Day
unto day uttereth speech and niehtunto
night sheweth knowledge. There is no
speech nor language where their voice is
not heard."
This being Epiphany season, he preached
on the manifestation of Christ.
"We of to-day (like the heathens)
want a God whom we can see, and not a
phantom God. If we only look for him
we will see that he is revealed to us not
only in his Holy Word, but in all the
world of nature about us, in every leaf, in
every flower, stream, hill and mountain.
We have come to understand the laws and
working* of nature so well that many of
us have eliminated God altogether, and
forget that it is his almighty power that
is over it all. Children understand the
voiced of nature far better than they do
after their hearts become corrupted, and
often when one puts away childish things
he puts away that which is necessary to
enter the kingdom of heaven.
11 Christ took many of his teachings
from nature. David refers to it all
through his beautiful psalms. In nature
everything has its place and its work to
do. Let each of us remember this in our
daily duties, and do each of them to the
glory of God."
HE HAD A GAY TIME.
The Missing Clerk of William Price &
Co., Front Street, Arrested for
G:and Larceny.
Peter Borstorj, the clerk for William
Price & Co., 327 Front street, who disap
peared with money and checks belon ing
to the firm on January 4, was arrested Sat
urday night by Detective Ross Whitaker
and Policeman Fitzgerald and booked at
the City Prison yesterday ou a charge of
grand larceny.
BiTston is 19 years of age and had been
intrusted with the duty of depositing
money in the bank. January 4he got $290
in coin and three checks to deposit. O:i«
of the checks was on the Anglo-California
Bank for $57, one on the Tallant Banking
Company for $145 and the third on the
Firs;. National iJauk for $91. He /ailed to
make the deposit and the case was reported
to the police.
Whitaker and Fitzgerald were detailed
to find him, and Saturday night they ar
rested him in a room at 201 Powell street.
The three checks were found upon him,
but he had recklessly squandered the $290.
He bought a gold watch for $35 and after
ward pawned it. When arrested tie was
dressed us a soldier. He met two soldiers
while he was spending the money, and got
one of them to exchange clothes with him
so that he could disguise himself.
Borston is the same boy who tried to
commit suicide on the steamer Walla
Walla about two months ago.
MOSES ON MOUNT SINAI.
Rev. William Ruder Says the I>eca
logun Was Not Miraculously In
spired.
Last night the Rev. William Rader, pas
tor of the Third Congregational Church,
preached the fourth of his series of special
sermons on the Bible. He stated that
these addresses would be studies of the
Bible in the light of the new knowledges.
The speaker paid a glowing tribute to
Moses. "The name of Moses marks the
close of an ane of mystery and the begin
ning of an age of law," tin said. "His i-*
the greaiest name of the ancient world."
The chiel events in the life of the great
law-giver were gone over, and then com
in,- to his main subject the pastor ex
plained his position as to the Decalogue to
be that while it possibly was of miracu
lous delivery he did not believe it was.
"The origin of the Commandments ia
slirouded in mystery," he continued.
'The picture of Muses on the mountain is
probably the grandest portrait in history.
Here is a man who has rocked the throne
of tne Pnaroahs standing on the summit
of a mountain framed in sullen thunder,
clothed in a garment of tire, having in
his hands the tablets of the law, the first
picture of an ideal man that has ben
caught with the camera of human
thought."
COURSING TOE PRIZES.
Contest by Thirty-Two Dogs at Ingle-
aide FurnUlies Good Sport.
The devotees of coursing had a good
day's sport at the Ingleside park yester
day, when a 32-dog stake for prizes of $45,
$25, $12 and $12 was nobly contested for by
the crack hounds.
The run down was as follows:
Skyball beat Amespor:, Sarcastic beat Little
Wtasel, Old Glory beat Jimmy Swinnerton,
Sam beat Let Fly, Magnet beat Nelly Daly, De
ceiver beat St. Cloud. Eclipse beat Captain
Morse, Emma Abbott beat Little Dottie. Lady
Clifton beat Young Clifton, Bona beat Hazel,
Electric beat Susie. Vida Shaw beat Borders,
Black Prince beat Gold Klntr, Rediisrht beat
Sunol, Queen beat Move On, White Chief beat
Little cripple.
First ties -Sarcastic beat Skybali, Sam beat
Old Glory, Deceiver beat Magnet. Eclipse beat
Emma Abbott, Lidy Clif 'on beat Boria, Elec
tric beat Vida Shaft, Redlight beat B;ack
Prince. White Chief bent Queen B.
Second ties— Snm beat Siircasiic, Eclipse beat
Deceiver, Lady Cliiton beat Electric, White
Chief beat Red light.
Third ties— Sam beat Eclipse, White Chief
beat Lad y.Clifton.
Final— Sam b at White Chief.
"WHY I AM A SOCIALIST"
Two Testimonies Last Night by
Rev. Mr. Bliss and Mr.
Wi'kins
The Serialization of Capital Must
Accompany tbe Socialization
of Land.
The principal speakers at last night's
meeting of the Socialist Labor party in
Pythian Castle Hall were the Rev. W. D.
P. Bliss and M. W. Wilkins, the editor of
"The New Charter," a party organ.
Mr. Wilkins described the process of
his conversion from populism to social
ism. He spoke of the former as in reality
a movement of tbe small capitalists and
proprietors, whose fervent prayer was
"God make me a millionaire." The cry of
free silver was designed to distract atten
tion from tbe true issues and to promote
dissension in the ranks of the proletariat.
The same cry, he assured his hearers,
would be raised inl9oo. The duty or all
true socialists, therefore, was to ignore it
and persistently proceed toward the estab
lishment of the co-operative common
wealth.
Mr. Bliss, following in some sort the ex
ample of Mr. Wilkins, also informed his
auditory of the causes which led to his ac
ceptance of socialistic theories.
As a young clergyman of a small parish
of Massachusetts he was at one time
firmly convinced that poverty was duo to
intemperance until lie had o casion to ob
serve that many temperate people were as
poor as, or poorer than many who were
drunkard?. The nationalization of tbe
liquor traffic, Mr. Bliss believed, would
tend to abolish intemperance by elimin
ating the element of profit which now en
courages th« extension of that traffic. An
other factor in his conversion was Henry
George's "Progress and Poverty," But
Mr." Bliss discovered that God did notonly
teach the socialization of the land, but
tbe social zation of capital, without
which t.ie first could not effect any
permanent amelioration.
"Socialism." said Mr. Bliss, "is the op
posite of anarchism. It means tbe exten
sion of fraternal law and order and would
attain the co-operative common wealth by
the legal and political capture of present
institutions and their gradual evolut.on
into that co- >perative commonwealth.
The motto of anarchism, on the contrary,
is: l li you see a head, hit it.' Pnysical
force may destroy the kiner, but it will not
destroy the kingship. We must kill the
conditions which produce the plutocrat.
I sometimes think that if we mudt have a
sovereign I would rattier have one like the
gracious Queen of Great Britain tlian some
oi the hog kings of Chicago."
Mr. Buss urged, furthermore, that so
cialists should sound the note of frater
naiism rather than thai oi denunciation
and hatred. Question and general discus
sion closed the meeting.
Thk most sufticaMng Cou?h c an be at ■ once re.
Heved with Dr. D. Jayhe's: Expectorant,- and If*
peraeverlngly, used,' this medicine will j generally
effect a e.are.t3^RS^ '
p For constipation, take Jayjiea Painless Sanative
Pill*
MISSION WORK
IN THE CHURCHES
Impressive Sermons at St.
Dominic's Yesterday-
Morning.
Religious Services by Fathers
Splinter and Kernan of
New York.
The Labors of the Redemporlsts
Fathers at St. Rose's—De
votions at St. Mary's.
The mission being held by the Domi
nican Fathers of New York throughout
the United States commenced at St.
Dominic's Cnurch, on Bush and Steiner
streets, yesterday. Th? serv ; ces, which
are of exceptional importance, are being
conducted by Rev. Father Splinter, O. P.,
and Rev. Father Kernan, O. P. Both
clergymen are eloquent speakers and have
acquired muci experience in this work,
having been constantly employea in the
principal cities of the East for the past
year; in fact, they have given up a much
needed rest to pursue the mission work
on tnis coast.
The object of the mission is to offer
extraordinary opportunities for hearing
instruction in the scriptures and worthily
receiving the sacraments. The services
began yesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock
with solemn high mass and a sermon by
by Rev. Father Splinter on the words of
St. Paul, "We exnort you that you receive
not the grace of God in vain."
The evening exercises began at 7:30,
the Rev. Father Kernan delivering the
discourse. The first weeK of the mission
will be devoted to women and tne second
to men. A special mission will be given
for the children during the second week.
Both sexes may attend the morning exer
cises.
The devotions will be conducted in the
following order: On Sundays, masses at
the usual hours.
On week days, mission masses at 5, and
after the rosary, which commences at 8
o'clock.
On week days, short instructions after
the 5 o'clock mass, and a sermon after the
8 o'clock mass.
Rosary and sermon in the evening at
7:30 o'clock. £o sermon on Saturday
evening.
Confessions will commence on Tuesday
of each week, at 3:30 p. m.
Hours for confessions: In the morning
from 6 to 7 and from 9 to 12 o'clock, and
from 3:30 to 6 and irom 7:30 to 10 p. M.
An indulgence of 200 days is granted
for each exercise attended. A plenary in
dulgence is granted to those wbo attenJ
at least one exercise a day. A plenary in
dulgence is granted in the lorm of the
papal blasting, at the close, to all who
have attended at least one exercise a day
for live days, who have worthily received
the sacraments of penance and the tioly
euuharist, and who unite, at the close, in
saying some prayers for the holy father's
intentions. All who attend ihe mission
should be present at the close, when the
papal blessing is given.
The second week, of St. Rose's mission,
held by the Redemptorists, Rev. Father
Weber and Rev. Father O'Shea, began
yesterday morning with special masses at
6, 7, 8 and 9 o'clock and solemn night
mays at 10:30.
The sermon was preached by Rev.
Father Weber from the work of the magi,
or wise men of the Eust, who saw the star
and spread the news of the coming of the
Redeemer.
The services have been very successful
and the large new church has at all times
been crowded with worshipers. The at
tendance of children at their special
services has b 3 en over 500, and fully 1500
women attended their special service
yesterday afternoon. The mission services
will con linue two weeks longer. Every
body is cordially invited to attend the
services, those of the mornings of the
week being at 6, 6:45, 7:30 and 7:45 and in
the afternoons at 3:30 and at 7:30 in the
evening.
The services of the "Forty Hours of
Adoration' began yesterday morning at
St. Mary's Hospital. The devotional exer
cises will close Tuesday morning.
ABOUND THE DIAMOND.
The San Fiancmco Athletic Club De-
fcated by the s. F. Violets.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
defeated by the San Francisco Violet 3 yes
terday at Central Park by a score of 6 to 3.
The game started with the Violets at
bat. T. Kelly, the first man up, gained
first on a preity hit to the left field fence.
Kennedy bit a swift grounder to Spellman,
but his hands were cold and he let it pass
him and Kelly gained third. Kennedy
then went to second on a passed ball.
ODea then hit a swift grounder to Ray
moml, who fumbled, allowing him to gain
first. Kennedy went to third and Kelly
scored.
Sweigert hit to Sheehan, who fumbled,
allowing the batter to gain first and Ken«
neily came home. Egan followed with a
: be most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Bora
'.throat, • Bronchitis, » Congestions and Inflamma-
tions, r 50c per bottle, sold by ura^.'isti
! LEA & PERKINS'
r/'-v -. . ■ ,,v -'"■' ■ ■•■/.,•, ■■: '■ • .■ ; ■ - . .■ :,.- .- .- ■..■ ' ;■ i
I SIGNATURE i
f v . .' '" ' printed in x (
I BLUE, diagonally "^rg^^Sßlß. /._;,
t across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle "of !
| The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- '
v tection against all imitations. ; •
it Agents for the United States. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. '
V.. VVX.m^Olk 4h.^MK. A.^k. -^. * <a. -^ a. '-^ ' — . — ■•' _ ' _ _ - •*■■•" ■ - ■ '..--.
two-base hit, bringing in O'Dea. Ray
mond struck out Kelly and Cronck and
Tom Kelly hit to Van Norden and was
thrown out, ending the run-getiing. The
A hletics came to bat, but they could only
bunt the speeay ball, going out in one*
two-three oraer.
In the second inning the Violets scored
two more runs, giving them a lead of fiva
runs, but th:s was reduced in the
next inning. Sheoban was g.ven a Das*
on balls; Speilnian followed w.tli a fly to
mht tieid and gaineu first on errors,
Sheehan going to second. Pheiffer hit
saie over first, filling t c ba^es. Sheeban
came home on a wild pitch, as algo did
Spellman a minute later. Pheiffer went
to third and came home on Van Norden's
safe hit to center.
Gianni followed with a hit to short, who
thr- wjo Kennedy, forcing Van Nordsn
out, Kennedy throwing to first in time to
retire Gianni. Ford hit to third, but was
thrown out at first. This ended the ru:i
making of the athletic club, ns they did
not score after that. In the sixth th«
Violets scored again, leaving tiie score 6
to 3.
ODea was ruled out of the game by
Umpire McDonald in the third inning for
interfering with Pueiffer.who was running
to third. Sheehan is charged with four
errors, but is only guilty of two, as tne
ground around tnird was in poor condi
tion/causing the ball to swerve.
Raymond pitched a tine game, but was
poorly supported.
Nex Sunday the Violets will play the
Santa Clara team, the proceeds to goto
charity.
The score is as follows: <
S. F. A. C. . A.B. B. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Sheehan, 3 b.. 4 10 0 3 14
Spell man. c. f 4 10 o^oo
Pheirter. 2 b.. ...... .5 12 0 2 2 1
Van Norden. a 5.... 4 0 10 112-
Oiannll. f.:. ....... 4 0 1 0 1 0 O
Ford. lb ......... 3 0 0 0 9 4 0
Danlellson, 1. f..... 3 0 0 0 10 0
Dreus, c 4 0 0 0 S 1 1
Kaymond, p....:... 3 0 0 0 0 8 1
Totals 34 3 4 0 27 12 »
Violets. a.b. b. b.h. b.b. P.o. a. k
T. Kelly, 1. f.. ...... 6 2 10 0 4 1
Kennedy. 2 b....... I 1 • 11 > •
Ho. bPS c. f 3 0 0 0 0 o*^
Sn-elgert. 1 b. ...... 50 0 0 16 2 OV
Egan, i. f. Ac 1... 4 1 1-0 1 0 I'
J. Kelly, 3 b........ 4 0 1 0 0 2 O
cr0nck.c.:. ......:. 4 0 0 0 '8 10
TomKelly.r.f.&s.s. 4000 10 1
1 Itz; atrlck, p .2 10 0 14 0
ODea, a. s ...2 10 0 0 0 1
Totals 38 6 3 1 27 15 4
SCOBE BY INNINGS. '
S. F. A. C.............0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
- Base hit 5 ...... ......1 0 2 01000 i— 4
Violets ...3 2 0 0 0 10 0 o—6
' Base Mis..., 'i 01000 0 0 o—3
Two-base hit— Kgan. Base on errors— S. F. A.
C's. 4: Violets, 8. Bases on balls— F. A. Us.,
4: Violets. 3. eft on b:tsei — ■*. F. A. C's.. 9;
Violets, 8. Sacrifice hits— Van Norden, O'Dea.
Cronck, J. Kelly, Dreus. Double plays— T. Kelly
to Kennedy to Sweizert. btruck out— B • Hay
mond, 6: by Fitzpatrlck, 8. Passed balls— Dreus,
1: Cronck, "*. W,ld pitches— Fitz;;atrlck, 3. Hit
by pitcher— Fltzpatrtck, Van iNorden. Umpire-
McDonald, Time of {tame— One hour flJty-nve
minutes. Scorer— lx> wry.
; A WISE FATHER 13 HK WHO TELLS HIB
~- sons to live. regular lives, to avoid pit alii •
the errors of early : youtn, the traps of budding
manhood. He who does this bring*) up a rac ■of
sturdy sons, whose vigorous manhood is retained
and preserved, not . lost and dissipated. .P'rhaps
you have lived a reckless lit>; perhaps you have
wasted your days and nights ; perhaps you now
see nothing. bat gloomy horror, miserable fore-
bodings, me ancholy prospects, desperation, de-
bility, decline, prematurity, disease.
Despair No More!
1 Your chance for good, vigorous, sturdy manhood
Is here. You can be cured of your disease and dis-
abilities by the great restorer, the wonderful man-
maker, the matchless nerve-builder — Hudyan
remedy treatment. Hudyan cures drains: Hud-
yan cures varicocele: Hudyan cures nervous de-
bility; Hudyan cures atrophy: Hudyan removes
the cause of exhausted vitality; Hudyan cures
evil ; dreams; Hudyan cures . failing manhood ;
, Hudyan cures low spirits: Hudyan can cure you:
give it. a trial and you -will be another one who
: shouts the Joyful news; Hudyan cures: Hudyan
cares.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOO 000000
, CIRCULARS FREE
00000000000000 000000000000
Consultation private.
Cnrn Diagnosis.
rIvEC First remedy.treatment
First blood treatment.
' Electric bath.
at Office. CatarrhHl examination
at. vniwv. Private examination.
Free talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Cor. Market and Ellis Sts.
BLOOD. First, second or third state of
BLOOD. Blood Poison can be cured with
BLOOD. 30-Day Cure.
00000000000000000000000000
C rculars 30-Oay Cure Free,
00000000000000000000000000
ODEWEY&CO^X
patents! j
%^^2o MARKET ST.S.F>SS/
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD V>h. D AMI AN A bitters, THE
great v Mexican Remedy; - gives Health and
Strength to the Sexual Organs.NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
In general orders recently issuod from
the office of Adjutant-General Barrett it
appears that the organized strengtn of
t lie National Guard of California on the
Ist of October was as follows: Com
mander in Chief and staff, 25; division
staff, 17; three brizades and staff-, 57;
three signal corps KJ: four troops of cav
alry, 250; Naval B.ittalion approximately
(First Division not rpported at that date),
388; First Infantry, 952; Second Inlantry,
557; Fifth Infantry, 555; Sixth Infantry,
5»1; Seventh Infantry, 775; total, 4173.
Cadet Company, First Infantry, 52.
It having become officially known at
the office of the adjutant-general that
Captain F. EL Teale, commanding Com
pany C, Seventh Infantry, First Brigade,
has removed from the limits of his bri
gade and has absented himself therefrom
lor more than thirty days without per
mission he is deemed to have resigned
and his resignation is announced.
Captain John F. Connolly, First Lieu
tenant Thomas W. Sparrowe and Lieuten
ant Charles C. Hogan have been detailed
to serve as the regimental examining
board of the First Regiment Infantry,
Second Brigade, to serve until July 1,
current year.
There was a meeting of the officers of
the Second Brigade on last Friday night,
at which there were present iorty, who
were presided over by Brigadier-General
Warfield.
Thu brigadier-general took occasion to
make a declaration that a story published
in the iake journal to the effect mat he
intended to co beiore the Senate at Sacra
mento and prevent the confirmation of
Division - Commander N. T. James as
msjor-general was untrue, and that lie
was not trying to or had even thought of j
suggesting that the Senate do not confirm i
tlie nomination.
Daring the evening a great many mat
ters pertaining to the nvnch-talked-of pro-:
posed amendments to the existing laws
effecting the National Guard, including
those that have been suggested by the
Code Commissioners, were discussed, and
the fact that the Commissioners without
consulting with the workers in the guard
should mate a number of amendments
was somewhat severely commented on.
A res-tilt 01 the conference v.as that it
was deeded to instruct the legislative
committee, consisting of Colonel Macdon
ald, Colonel Fairbanks, Major Tilden and
Lieutenant Hel.er from the Second Brig
ade, to impress on the minds of the legis
la.ors that there is no change desired in
the organization of the guard as it now
stands and that it having been so recently
reorganized it ought to have a chance
to determine if the present system is for
the best interest of the guard and the
State or not.
Britadier-General Warfieid, comment
ing on the proposed legislation, said that
it was all nonsense to talk at this time
about the reorganization of the National
Guard. "Why," said he, "the men have
hardly realized the fact, that mere lias
been a reorganization and are not yet
familiar witn the new order of things
when up comes some who want to re
organize anew. I say give the men a
chance to see how the new arrangement
works. There is such a thing as too
much legislation, and they may go on and
amend and chance ana reorganize and
what will the re.su it be? I'll tell you — it
will be that the men will become dis
gusted and quit.
• Then there will be no National Guard.
I* will be all legislated out of existence.
We are like the Southern Confederacy was
once— we want to be let alone. If the
legislator^ are very anxious to do some
thing for the guard let them provide
clothing, blankets, canteens, and urge
upon the United States Gove.-nment to
arm the troop with the Springfield mus
kets that have been discarded lor the
Kra<. r -Jorgensens. That is what we want,
something that wiH put the National
Guard on the footing that ought it to be
on."
A meeting of the National Guard Offi
cers' Association was calied for last Mon
day night lor the purpose ol discussing
matters that are of importance to the
guard, but only three ot the members re
uponded. If the officers who have the
welfare of the guard at heart cannot de
vote a few hours to discuss matters of
importance, it is no wonder that there
is growling all the time that the t-uard is i
not treated as it should be. The officers j
who can prevent such growling are the
ones who fail to give the necessary atten
tion to important matters.
During the past week the several local
companies held tneir hrst meeting atter
the December vacation. These mee:ings
were principally devoted to business, and
the drills will be resumed this week.
"They talk about reorganizing the
guard, ' said a private of the Second
Brigade, on Saturday. "They had better
let that alone fora wh.le, and pay some
attention to putting the existins companies
in this brigade at least in proper shape
and give them all that the law and the
regulations say they are entitled to. In
conversation with a member of tue signal
corps a day or two ago, he told me that
vnnre than a year ago bis company made a
requisition for forty bailers lor the horses,
but to use his own woids, 'they haven't
yet arriv'; and not havii g any halters
they are without link straps, winch are in
use to link four horses together when, in
the drill, the order to dismount i« given
mid No. 4 has to mind his own and three
horses. As necessity is the mother of
invention, when that order is given now,
Nn. 4 has to grab the four sets of rein-] !
and it makes a very unhandy handful and i
it prevents him from handling the horses j
as he could if Lnk-straps were used. Tins !
tignalman toid me that for want of halters
they have to curry hayropes to f;isten their
horses, and if they dave none of these
they have to take off their shoe l.icets- to
use for hitching lines. There is also a
regulation that requires the members of
the corps tn be provided with coils of rope,
to enable them to stake tneir horses when
out on bivouac, but they have not got
them. The same neglect to provide what
ought to be provided runs along the entire
,iae of the brigade, and yet when an
inspection is held there is bat little dis
covered as to tha real needs of the guard."
It is under«tood that there will shortly
be an investigation in relation to the affairs
of Captain Jenk's cavalry company, in
order to arrive at nil the facts of the debt
which this company has been carrying for
so long. *
Lieutenant-Colonel Joseph G. Geistine,
assistant adjutant-general of the Second
Brigade, has gone Eist for a few weeks.
Surgeon-General W. E. Hopkins ana F.
fie L. Carnugton, captain First Infantry,
U. S. A., specially detailed by the War
Department with the National Guard, are
no longer friendly, as far as National
Guard affairs go.. The cantain in his report
to Adjutant-General Barrett presented a
plan of reorganization of the guard which
has been pretty strongly commented upon
by many military men in and out of the
guard. Now comes the surgeon-general,
who in his reports to the adjutant-general
says: "I am much opposed to the regi
mental organization suggested by Captain
Carrington in his recent report. I resent
the fact that my old friend and comrade
in arms should have deemed it his duty to
make such an important and unqualified
statement without preliminary consulta
tion with me." Of course this refers to the
part of Captain Carrington's report in
which he says: "The medical department
(of the National Guard) needs reorganiza
tion, and proper legislation looking to it
should be invited at the earliest mo
ment. For State troops I think it is prob
ably better to maintain a regimental than
a general medical department."
Th» Woodland Company.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— The first
drUl of the year took place last Wednes
day eveniuz. About forty men were in
attendance. Close and extended order
diill were gone through in a very cred
itable manner, which goes to show that
the boys have not grown rusty during the
month's lay off. Everything in and
about th« armory is in good shape. The
only thing lacking is a flag to run up on
the new pole. What the company needs
most is a suitable place for 300 and
500 yard ranges. The only place
available is in the tule land about four
miles east of town, and that is covered
with water at the present time. So we
don't know exactly what to do. The foot
ball team of the compiny played its first
game Christmas day with an aggregation
of Berkeley students ami was beaten to
the tune of 14 to 0. The boys are not dis
couraged though and are ready to nego
tiate for a game with a team from some
one of the ot er companies.
The company is going to give a grand
annual bail some time in February and
wants soldiers from everywhere to at
tend, be they militiamen or regulars.
Two new members v.ere admitted to the
company at the last meeting and several
applications are on the board ready to bj
acted on at the next meeting.
News From thu Seventh.
SANTA ANA, Cal , Jan. 9.— Wednesday
evening wat an eventful occasion with
Company L of the Seventh Keeiment,
N. G. C, of this city, the seventh anni
versary of the organization of the corn-
r>any being celebrated on that date with a
public drill and company banquet. The
armory parlors and Spurgeon's Hall,
which is immediately adjoining and used
! as a drillroom, were thrown open to the
200 invited guests- who assembled to enjoy
an evening with the soldiei-boys.
The company drill, which occupied
about an hour and a half, was a splendid
exhibition of military discipline and was
flatteringly received by tlie largo audience.
Captain Kin ley's command never ap
i peared to better advantage than on this
■ enjoyable birthday occasion.
Following the regular company manual
drill came a competitive drill In the school
of the soldier, in wliicn eight men par
| ticipated, Corporal John Abbey being
awarded the medal for the best drilled
soldier of the squad.
The visitors then spread through the
spacious anu comfortable quarters of the
company, becoming acquainted with the
commanding officer oi the regiment,
i Colonel John R. Berry, and Lieutenant-
I Colonel Shreiber, wlio were the visitors of
honor, and all being well entertained by
the contact with the local State soldiers.
At 10 o'clock the company marched to
the Hotel Brunswick, where, with a few
press representatives and ex-members ot
distinction, a splend d banquet was en
joyed, followed by hippy after-Gin tier
talks, which lasted far into the night. Cap
tain 8. H. Finley acted as toastmaster,
and responses were made by Colonel
Berry, Lieutenant-Colonel Schreiber. ex-
Major C. S. McKelvey. Major H. T. Mat
thews, ex-Captain Parke 8. Roper, Sur
geon C. D. Ball, ex-Color Sergeant E. S.
Wallace of the press corner, ex- Lieutenant
W. W, Burgher and Corporal C. W. Han
nab.
Following these speeches, which were
all of a pleasurable and soldierly vein,
Corporal Dresser arose and in a few well
chosen remarks presented Captain Finley
with a handsome chain and charm as a
token of the esteem in which he was held
by the company and its high appreciation
of bis efforts for ttie past two years as
commanding officer. The captain was
surprised and nonplused for a moment
at this turn of affairs, but soon recovered
himself and accepted the gift in a grace
ful speech.
The even ing was a great success through
out, and the seventh anniversary of Com
pany L will long be cherished in the
memory of those present. Colonel Berry
paid the boys many flattering tribute- 1 ,
particularly commending the company
lor its splendid snowing at the late emer
gency call, when sixty-two of its sixty
four members responded, the two absent
ones being out of town. The company
now numbers over seventy, but there are
only five men in its ranks of the original
Company F of the Ninth Regiment, which
was mustered in seven years a^o.
The rooms which have so long been
used as the armory and general quarters
are soon to be abandoned, the company
having leased a two-siory brick building
on West Fourth street, which will be
thoroughly litted up for those purposes.
The OldeHt National Guardsman.
In The Call yesterday was an account of
the military career of Sergeant C. 11. Kills of
Company A, Fifth Infantry Regiment of Cali
fornia, located at Oakland. It stated that
Sergeant Ellis has been an" active member of
the guard for thirty-six .years, having gone
into service in 1861. It was stated that ho
had done active service longer than any one
in the State- militia. To this Corporal Lou
Townsend of Company B, City Guard. First
Infanty Regiment, takes exceptions. Corporal
Townsend states that he and not Ellis has
done the longer service. He has been forty
three years continuously in the National
Guard, having enlisted in 1854. Corporal
'Jownsend is still greatly interested in rifle
practice and he holds a remarkably steady
gun. *
♦ — * — ♦ _
Stable Ware Found.
Mable Ware,  the ;, 16-year-old , girl whoso
mother caused the arrest of Edward Gallagher
for abducting her last : Wednesday, was found
In Nevada City by Oflic*r MeM array yesterday
and brought to the Central Police station
where she was given in charge of the matron
pending iurther proceedings . against Gal
lagher. . . " .
• — * — • .
TO CURE A .COLD IX, ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drutr-'
gists refund the money it it laih to cure. 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
ARMY AND NAVY
OFFICERS PLEASED
Now There Is Talk of Send
ing a Football Team
North.
0 ficers and Privates May Con
test With Players at Van
couver Barracks.
Aa Effort to Ba Made to Bui!d Up
a Strong Eleven for Next
Season-
There is happiness in army and navy
circles over the victory of their football
players in Saturday's society game with
the University Club team. It is likely
that as a result of the match football will
become a regular annual pastime with the
young oflicers stationed here, as It has
long been with the undergraduates at the
universities. And next season a team
may go north.
The spirit has been aroused all right,
and the only obstacle will be the uncer
tainty and the paucity of good material
from which to build a team each year.
The location of naval officers is so unre
liable; the good football players among
them may be in port one day and ordered
to sea with their ship the n«»xr. The pos
sibilities among the army officers are more
stable. The different posts about San
Francisco will have to furnish material
that may generally be counted on to be
here on the day of a game.
"There are probably about seventy-five
commisb'.oned officers from which to
choose an eleven," said Lieutenant Nolan
yesterday at the Presidio. "Toe Univer
sity Club team may be picked from hun
dreds of men, ail of whom have played
the game. Only a few of the officers have
played. We had but two extra men in
case of accident to our team yesterday.
"This Army and Navy team is, i be
lieve, the first combination of the Kind
that has ever been known in Ihe Uniie-1
States service. Those of us that had played
before had always met on the field as
rivals, representing West Point and An
j napolis.' It was a novel thing for us all
j to be on one team, and it proved a pleas
ant experience. Then, after the game we
wer' 1 ail dined at the Unfversity Club.
"The greatest encouragement is being
given to athletics in the army now. It
has been found to improve the enlisted
men and keep them out of dissipation by
Lieutenant King of the Seventh
Cavalry, the Fullback Who
Gained 603 Yards for the Army
and Navy Team in the Recent
Society Game*
demonstrating to them how much better
they feel for being in good athletic condi
tion.
"One thing we hope to have next year
is a strong football team made up of the
enlisted men. There is already some talk
of arranging a series of games between the
represeniatives i f the army here and those
in the Depurtnient of the Columbia. The
Vancouver barracks have had a good team
lor several year.". The officers play on the
team with the enlisted men up there. It
would probably be the same way here.
"One of the games would likeiy be played
here and one in Portland, while if a third
were necessary to decide the winner a
place could be decided upon for the final
game. We would like to wort this thing
up. The only objections would be the
difficulty probably of obtaining the con
sent of the commanders to a trip."
Lieutenant King, who was the star of
the game on Saturday, came here from
Fort Grant, Arizona, on a short leave of
absence, granted especially that he might
take part in the football match. He will
!eav« the Presidio to-day for his station.
After Lieutenant Nolan, captain of the
Army and Navy team, had very liberally
permitted tlie introduction into the Uni
versity Club team of university veterans
that were not mernbeis of the club he then
arranged for Lieutenant King to come up
from Arizona. The original challenge
had, however, been from the' University
for a game between its members and the
officers of the army and navy stationed
here.
King was graduated from West Point
only last summer. He was then assigned
to the Seventh Cavalry stationed at pres
ent at Fort Grant in Ar.zotu. He is a
native of Massachusetts and was a mem
b?r of the West Point team during his
whole four years at the academy. He
captaine 1 the team the last two years.
His record as a kicker in the Army and
Navy and University Club match has
probably never been equaled in a game on
this const. He punted thirteen times for
a total gain of 524 yards or an average of
a littl over forty yards for each kick. He
was given the ball nineteen times and
gained a total of seventy-nine yards by
runs. Only once did he fail to gain and
that time lie was tackled behind the line
for a loss ol three yards.
Four of the National Guardsmen Who Were Prominent in the
Inter-Republic Match With the Hawaiian National Guard.
MILITARY MUSKET,
RIFLE AND PISTOL
The Inter-Republic Match
With the Hawaiian
Guard.
The First Regiment Men Badly
Handicapped by the Cold
Weather.
Sharpsbooting Cub; Hold Their Ini
tial Contests— The Columbia's
ProgiMnm 1 ?.
The great ICO-man military rifb match
between teams from the First Regiment
N. Q. U. and the Hawaiian National Guard
took place yesterday — at least one-half of
it took place. The members of the Cali
fornia team assembled in full force at the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday and it
is expected that the Hawaiians also gath
ered at their range near Honolulu. The
&cores made by the two teams will be ex
changed by the earliest steamers. The
conditions were that each team should
consist of 100 men who were to fire ten
shcta each at 200 yards off hand with
military muskets. The losing team is to
present the winners with a trophy valued
at $100.
it is feared that the California team
will have to purchase the trophy for the
islanders, for the men did not shoot in
their usual form on account of the very
cold weather. Besides, some of the best
men in the regiment were by some over
sight or mistake left out of the contest
and the poor shots pulled the average of
39.52. Such marksmen as CF. Waithum
of Company C. A. F. Ramm ot D, C. H.
Otten of I, S. Claussenius of B and H. B.
Taylor of B, all of whom are good for
from 40 to 4(5, failed to shoot in the team.
If the match be lost this misforluro is
responsible for it. As slated, ttie men
liud the elements to contend against, for
a cold, chilling wind that benumbed the
marksmen blew across the range all day
and whipped the buliets right and left,
up and down, all day and mado the men
wish for a" few hours of balmy islr.nd
climate. It would have been hard to
have had the event fall on a worse day.
The local marksmen were under the
direction of Louis Barrere, inspector of
rifle practice, and Major Hugh T. Sime.
Hawaiian Consul Wilder was present on
the range as the official representative of
the Honolulu marksmen. As the men
entered the range they were ob iged to
pass a combined emblem of the two re
publics, and although it was small many
raised their caps. This consisted of two
miniature flags of the United States and
Hawaii. Under these ware the words
"E Piuribus' 1 and "Aloha." A miniature
broom was placed between the two.
Up to noon the shooting was remark
ably poor. A. H. Kennedy got a cup of hot
coffee and broke the ice by going to 44. A
little later Lieutenant Seeley followed
buit, but Chris Meyer forged ahead ot both
with 44 on Creed moor. The latter stood
at the head until late in the day, when A.
E. Ehrenpfort made the top score of 45, as
follows : 455444545 5. The regiment
offered three cash prizes or medals, as the
men desired, to the three making the
highest scores in the team. These were
won by Ehrenpfort, Meyer and Kennedy.
Tue scores of the 100 mancsmen were as
follows and the company to which each
belongs is given with the score:
Corporal A. E. Ehrenpfort, Company 11, 45;
Lieutenaut C. W. Seeley, X, 44; C. Meyer, c
44; Sergeant A. H. Kennedy, c, 44; J. Smith
son, 0,44; .1. KtMz, B, 43; Lieutunani J. \V
Robertson, K. 43; A. Gilbert, U, 43: C. F. J!a
guire, X, 43; Charles Perry, B, 43; Sergeant
F Moore, I, 43; Serjeant il. J. Sheehan, I,
42; Lieutenant H. Huber, J, 44; Corporal W.
\V. Tliompson, G, 42; E. P. Jaeobson, X, 42; T.
Kelly, 11, 42; Corporal J. L. Utsehig, X, 42;
Sergeunt W. L. Fenn, G, 42; C >rporal J. C. Sea
grave, D, 42; J. A. Ross, X, 42; Lieutenant VV.
Tobin, I, 42; E. L. Kilmer, B, 42; Corporal P.
L. Brannan, B, 42; E. R. HoMeu. F, 42; C. E.
Thompson, G, 42; J. t. Norton, 42; Cap
tain T. J. Cunningham, X, 42; Sergeant J. W.
Colby, M, 42; F. Baumgartner. B, 42;
F. Koch, 1,41; Lieutenant C. B. Goodel!. C, 41;
P. M. Piers, G. 41; A. Aphtnorp, B, 41 : Ser
geant A. E. Anderson. G, 41; G. M. Barley, X,
41; P. Brunotit, X, 41; Captain (i. Kilmer, B,
41; Corporal ri. Mvyeri, X, 41; Lieutenant B.
B. Sturdevant, B, 41; Sergeant F. J. Povey, G,
41; Major H. T. sime,4l; G. Heinzman, B,
41; Serjeant H. M. Holtz, H. 41; Lieutenant
E. Kehrlein (staff), 41; P. Bohr. G, 41;
Sergeant G. McColloch, B, 40; Sergeant T. P.
OBr.en. H, 40; C. isaakson, L, 40; F. J. Leon
aril, A, 40: Sergeant C. D. Cook, F. 40; Cor
poral \\. Golly; I, 40; C. G. Strippel. j, 40;
Corporal C. P Hirst, G, 40; H. J. Musgrave.
C, 40; Sergeant E. F. Bolterson, X 40; P. F.
Baur, X, 40; W. J. Haves, B,4l); C. L. Aiwater,
H, 40; Captain E. C f>utliffe, G, 40;
E. C. Cornell, B. 40; Sergeant W.
B. Larkln.G, 40; Captain F. Richter, I, 40;
G. Undermßiin, B, 39; A. Fetz, B, 39;
Corporfll J. F. Eggert, L, 39, H. H. Hall, I,
39; V. F. Norlhrup, G, 39, Corporal J. E. Brod
erick, H, 39; J. Furnanz, H, 39; Lieutenant
E. P. Finley, X, 39; A. Blawar, I, 39; Ser
geant H. T. Hicks, C, 38; W. F. Unfred, v, 38;
v. NY. Las well, H,33;E. Schmalz, X, 38; 1
Freeh. B. 38; E. i». Peppiu, B, 33;
L. Ringen, I, 38; C. G. Lawson, 39;
Corporal S. B. Farnnam, M, 37; Sergeant F. L.
Brown, F, 37; J. Ringen, I. 37; J. Kallraan,
1. 37; L. J. Reubold, X, 37; Captain F. W.
Warren, H, 37; J. Fitzgerald. F, 37: Captain
J. W. Dumbrel. C.36; V. DemaraK K. 36; W.
Wnrnikroß, X, 36; J. H. Helms, K. 3«: H. C.
Payson, I, 34; T. J. Carroll, H. 34; Serjeant
('. W. Iverson, F, 33; Sergeant A. H. Clifford,
B, 33; Servant D. E. Lawton, C, 33; J. yon
Staden, I, 33; P. D. Butt, C, 31, Lieutenant F.
A. Nippert, F, 31; F. F. Carson, F, 31; H. C.
Leffmnnn, L. 27. Grand total 3952 out of a
possible 5000.
Company B turned out the larger num
ber of men, and made the best average, as
shown by the annexed :
Field and staff, 2 men, 4l average; Company
A, 1 man, 40; B, 19 men, 42 1-5; C, 12 men,
38'^; D, lman,42; E,lman,43; F. (J men.
35; G, 12 men, 41; H, 10 men, 39%; 1.15
men, 39^; X, lt> men, 40^; L, 3 men, 35»3;
M, 2 men, 39%.
In addition to the prizes offered by the
regiment for the three best scores. Captain
L. Siebe, proprietor of the range, offered
three medals to the marksmen making in
the match the greatest improvement bvc r
their practice scores. It will take several
days to figure out the winners of these
medals.
It is likely that the First Regiment will
have another 100-raan match on its hands,
for the Fifth Regiment men have declared
that they would issue a challenge if the
First men did not average over 42 points
in yesterday's shoot.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
Tne Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club has
arranged one of the finest shooting pro
grammes for the present year ever pre
sented to the public on the Pacific Coast.
It has offered eighteen beauiiful medal?,
which includes eight class medals for
members only. Besides the ten re-entry
all-comers medals, it offers about a dozen
cash prizes ranging from $25 to $5, and
several valuable trophies, to be distributed
at the end of the year.
These are known as consolation prizes,
and those who almost win but fail to
i secure medals will be consoled by other
prizes The re-entry medals have been
donated by F. H. Bushnell, W. Glinde
rnnnn, Achille Roos, F. 0. Youutj, Gordon,
Blanding. Howard Carr and CaDtain L.
Siebe, all members of the club. It is not
the principle of this organization to beg
prizes for its members from the general
public.
So varied is the programme and so valu
able are the inducements that much
shooting is expected this year. The
Columbia Ciub has taken another step
that its members think is in the cause of
advancement. At its last meeting it was
decided to admit ladies into the club upon
an equality with the men and with all toe
rights and privileges that the most favored
of the male sex enjoy. About six or
eight ladies, all of whom are experts with
firearms, who are relatives of the men,
have signified their intention of Joining
itie club and competing with the men in
all of the matches. This is the first rifle
and pistol club in the United States, if
not in the world, which recognized the
equality of women in this manner.
It also added another class (third) to
its membership competition in order to
give the new members and. poorer shots
with pistol anu rifle a chance to progress
without getting discouraged by being out
classed by the more proficient.
The contests in the many matches yes
terday were spirited, and the following
scores were made on the new Columbia
target: *
Rifle, 200 yards, class medals, for members
only, len shots: Champion class— F. O. Young
54, D. W. McLauehlin 59, F. E. Mason 80, A.
H. Pape 86. S. Ingalls 161.
First class— E. Jacobson 62, O. Bremer 74,
11. Hellberg 99. A. Gehret 109. J. E. Kleiu
127. A. B. Dorrell 159.
SeootMl class— J. E. Gorman 66, F. H. Busn
nell77, M. J. White 100, G. M. Barley 114.
Thira class— H. J. Wicker 64, A. ilintemann
111, C. F. Walthain 149. W. Unfred 170, G.
Manuel 172.
tßttle, re-entry, all-comers' matches, Bnsh
nell medal, three-shot scores, boat ten score? to
win, cash prizes $25, $20, $15 and $5— A. H.
Pape 9:11, F. O. Young 15, h. J. Wicker 20.
Glindemann military medal, 10-snot scores,
best 10 scores to win, cash prizes $20, $15
and $5, military count— E. llovey 46, F. H.
| Bushneil 46, F. O. Young 45, C. F. Waltham
40. 1.. Barrere 42.
Young rifle record model, 10-shot scores,
! best single score to win— A. H. Pape 57, A.
I Gehret 65, F. E. Mason 74.
Pistol, 50 yaras, class medals for members,
10 shots, champion class— E. Hovey 39, A. B.
Dorrell42, F. O. Young 50, E. J. Gorman 50,
IA. H. Pape 56, C. M. Daiss 06 First ciass— D.
W. McLaupnlin 74, Captain J. E. Klein 78. E.
j Jacohson 84, M. J. White 84, F. E. Mason 85,
IA. Gehret 91, Second class— G M. Barley 59,
O. Bremer 98, F. H. Bushneil 97. Third class
—A. Ilintemann 85, R. W. Forest 132, li J.
I Wicker 140, J. R. 1). Gruff 151, W. Unfred 169.
Re-entry, all -comers' matches, Bland ing
= medal, 3-shot scores, best 10 scores id win, ca«h
prizes $25, $20, $15, $10, $5— J. E. Gorman 9,
F. (). Young 12:12, K. H. Bushneil 11, A. B.
: Dorrell 26.
Carr revolver medal, any revolver, 6 shots,
I best 10 scores to win, cash prizes $20, $15, $10
— C. Roberts 56.
Diamond pistol record medal, 10 shots, best
! Bingle score to win— F. 0. Young 39, E. J.
Gorman 43, C. M. Daiss 46. A. H. Pape 47.
Roos 22-callber rifle medal, 50 yards, 5-shot
i scores, Dest 10 scores to wi;i, cash prizes dis
i tributed on flags (shots in the one-inch
1 center)— Mrs. L. J. Crane 16, Mrs. C. F. Waltham
j 16, Mrs. M. J. White 18, S. Ingalls 12:12.
The Schuetzen Verein.
The San Francisco Schnetzen Verein
held its initial class medal shoot yester
day, and A. 11. Pape wen I to the front for
the champion class medal. The scores
made were as follows, on the German 25
--ring target, twenty shots:
Champion, A. H. Pare 434 rlnjrs; first
class, George Alters 413, second class, not
filled; third c:ass, Fmnk Koch 401; fourth
class, John Tredemann 372.
Best flrst shot, A. H. Pape 24; best last shot,
E. H. Goetze 25.
The Germania Club.
The first monthly shoot of the season of
the Germania Scbuetzen Club started out
with a lively competitive try among the
sharpshooters. Their scores, twenty shots,
German ring target, were as follows:
Champion class— Firs D. B. Faktor 415
rings; second, N. Ahrens 404. First class —
First, R. Finking 364; second, H.'llellberg
346. ; Third : class— First, :L..M.;Ri tzau 409;
second, A. Jungblut 384. Fourth class— First,
E. Goeiz3O3; second, H. M. Wreden 229.
Best first snot, L. Haake24; best last shot,
F. P. Schuster 23. -
North German Sharpshooters.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club held
its first bullseye shoot for cash prizes, and
the scores, as snown by the .measuring
machine, were as follows: .
W. Garros 307 points, H. Wreden 340, O.
Lemcke 458, H. Hell berg 559, J. Laukenau
665, : H. Huber 734, J. de Witt 751, L. Brune
909, J. I). Heise HOG, J. Schroeder 1132, L.
K»tzaull7o. -^
. Independent liifles.
There was a large turnout of the Inde
pendent Rifles for the first medal shoot of
the year. Their scores, ten shots, military
targets, are annexed :
Corporal F. Han 44, Sergeant F. M. Zeisinz
42, Sergeant C. Kornbeck. 40, 'J. Kuhlue 36,
Sereeant P. stadinann 36, C. Lindecker 35. J.
A. Stung 35, Sergeant J. H. Schneider 31, J.
Miudermann 26, W. Tienken 21, D. Wo. porn
20, Lieutenant E. Moennlng 39, Dr. F. T.
Bond 18. C. Frederickson 11, H. Frederickson
10, A. HI Muller 7, J. W. Reilly-7, M. J.
Schwab 6, • ■' ■ i
Police Kille Team.
The San Francisco police do not propose
to take a back seat with their Winchester
rifles any longer. ' On inext Wednesday a
team from Captain Witmaun's division
will begin a monthly competition for a
beautiful medal, presented by Captain
Siebe, the proprietor of the Shell
Mound Rifle Ranee. The contests, "will be
held monthly, and the highest ten--«hot
score will bring to the marksman $5 in
cash. At each competition the police will
give a small entrance fee, which will b9
u;-ed to purchase an up-to-date magazine
rifle for the high man. In this way he
entire rifle squad of the: police will be
equipped witn now rifles. However, no
man will be allowed to win two rifles, even
if he is the highest more than one month.
KAOING AT OAKLAND TO-DAY.
The Berkeley High-Weight Handicap
the Feature of the Card.
The California Jockey Club will re-open
its Oakland track this afternoon for a two
weeks' spell of racing, with the Berkeley
high- weight handicap as the feature of the
card. Otherwise the programme is above
mediocrity, and no doubt the attendance
will be large.
Following are to-day's entries and
weights:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
293 Sooladaln 109 .... Monitor 108
.... Kventide iO2; \Vana,'0........107
.... Jessie 0 104 ! 258 s-pryUrt. 102
.... Fanny E. 107 : (338)Meadowlark....l09
.... Detective ......111 283 JacK Martin.. ..lo»
.... Yukatan 11.. ..104 i9B Mahogany 107
.... La France. .....lo4 36i Gold Bug 109
.... Uamec0ck......114 164 Sir Klcaard....llO
235 llyinau 107 304 Last Chance....
Second race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
355 Peter 11.... 11l j(36o)McLlght 11l
.353 L0vda1..........105 1 365 Kamsln 108
3*5 Little Cripple.. loß
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, Berkeley
handicap, value $10 00.
... Zoolein 100 .... Ferrier ...14C
286 Sea Spray 118 357 Sly. 110
334 Caspar. 116 (321)Per<eus. 122
231 Scarf Pin 114 .... California 110
(352) Yankee D00d1e.135 358 Fly... 115
3)9 La Mascota....lls 270 Nelson 112
328 Sir Play ....128 Swugali 100
* Fourth race, one mile, purse.
346 Cabrillo. 100 1 .... Buckwa.. 100
(359)Mk McGregor.. los I 34(5 Installs: or 100
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile, three-year
olds.
289 Tempestuous... : 162 Apto 100
LV»9 D. J. Jobin 107 349 Imp. Sain lUS
(i6B)Osrlc II ......110 (350)Arrezo 110
240 Argestes 110 339 Personne. ...... 110
2b4 Principle 107 iOB lnflammator...Ho
294 Lost Uir1... .'.... 100 ■
Sixth race, tbree-quar;er> of a mile, selling.
Dr. McAllister.. 109 (333) Woodcnopper.'.llO
363 Doubtful 104; *3a Ricardo.... lu9
297 t-ea5ide. :."... ..-.105 285 Commission..*.. 107
5:86 MontEomery...ll3 281 Quicksilver ..:. 112
31: Two Cheers. ...lo9 298 Charles A... lu7
2»1 Howard .....11l .... Pelxotto .117
17(i Zanaiock 11l
»
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— sir Richard, Meadowlark,
Jack .M;»rtin.
Second race— Kamsln, Lovdal, Mc-
Llght.
Third race — Parser's ittable, Caspar.
Fourth race — 3lt. McGregor 11, Instal
lator, Buckwa.
Fifth race— Usrlc 11, Apto, Arrezxo.
Sixth race— Wood chopper, Montgom
ery, Kicardo.
His Balloon Burst.
Emil Markeburg, the aeronaut, had his third
lucky escape yesterday at the Chutes. This
time he encountered a rotten billoon, but by
quick action and good judgment s-aved his
life. As it was, he might have been dashed to
death against the ground but for the lact that
he struck the scenic railway in falling. When
the balloon whs let go its lower part burst
under his weight, and he saw the only way to
save himself was to cut loose, which he did at
the height of 100 feet, just above the railway.
He received no injuries.
The Doctor's
Examination !
j I* J_r<-, ''''I M.i '
YOU HAVE HAD BILIOUS ATTACKS
all your life?
Yes, doctor.
You say your temperament is naturally
bilious?
Yes, doctor.
Some foods bring on bilious attacks?
Yes, doctor.
After eating heartily you suffer from a
bilious attack?
Yes. doctor.
You wake witn a bad taste in your
mouth?
Yes, doctor.
Do you have dull, heavy, headaches?
Yes, doctor.
Some people need a liver stimulant all
the time. As soon as they overeat or en-
gorge the stomach they suffer from"~bil-
iousness. My advice to you is to be care-
ful to choose your food. Just now you
need a mild liver stimulant, a vegetable
remedy. Never take iodide of potassium.
What I will Drescribe for you will give you
relief, and you can always be sure to re-
new the prescription when your liver be-
comes torpid. You will rind directions on
the bottle. Here is your prescription :
: R. :
JOY'S VEGETABLE
SARSAPARILLA :
: (one bottle) ;
: M. Sis.
; Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times a :
: day. When bowels are regular taxe :
; one teaspoonful.
Don't let the druggist talk you into
buying anything in place of our Home
Remedy— Joy'a Vegetable SaraaparUla.
* NEW to-dat:
RHEUMATISM
CURE.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to cure actue or muscular
rheumatism fa from one to rive days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of t ha
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, sorenes's,stiff back and all pains in hips
ana loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used.
Price 25c.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a viol.
Personal letters to Prof. Mnnyon, 1505
Arch street,. Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical, advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THIS PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
ncruiMilous drug cutters, who, having
forced the selling price of .MUNYON'S
REMEDIES to co*t. and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, Trill tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take nome other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not deserving; of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting vUN YON ' 3. '
FOR THE
BEST TREATMENT
Jiif \ UK. uUUiv
§v DR.JJOOK
| larket St., S. F., CaL
K 1 OFFICE HOURS:
L*Wl**''i^l 9t012a. m. «nd 2 to 5
W Sundays lv to I l .' a. _
ISil^^re^T J^'lflß Electricity Given
vDOCTOK COOK.) „ When Advisable.
If you are afflicted do not rely too much
upon the. recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now 1 will dc more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES t^oT^'L^,
Lungs, Liver, stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
DR. COOK CURES Chronic Catarrh and
__^__________, all ailments of the
Eye, Ear, Brain, Nose and Throat.
DR. COOK CURES All Blood and SMa
m^ mmm — mmmmmmmmm^ mmm Diseases and Piles,
Fistula, Rheumatism and Rupture.
DR. COOK CURES Gonorrhoea,, Gleet,
______________ Stricture, Syphilis,
Vnricocele, Hydrocele and all other sexual de-
formities, diseases and disabilities.
DR. COOK CURES Los 1 nun hood and
_^_^__ us long tram of dis-
tre sing ; symptom — .Meat Emissions, Exhaust-
ing Drains, Impotency, rimpies, Nerv >usness,
Sleeplessness, Bashfulness, Despondency, Stu-
pidity, Loss of Ambition, Unflmessfor Pleas-
ure, Smdv, Business or Marriage,- and other
signs of Physical, Mental and Sexual Weak-
ness.
DR. COOK CURES Every form «.f Fe-
,„ i male Complaint —
Falling or Displacement of the Womb, Painful,
Irregular, scanty or Profuse Menses, Periodi-
cal Headache, Leucorrhoea, Nervousness, llvs-
teria and other distressing ailments peculiar
to women. , •/
DR. COOK CURES by mall. Therefore.
«__________ J^^_, write if you cannot
cail. A valuable book, devoted to diseases of
men, free upon application. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, san Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Baldwin Hotel).
50TICE ISYimG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THR MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
■L the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of ban Jose." etc.,
passed o-i tne Hist day of December, 1896, and
approved on the .'3d day of December, 1896,
ordained that there should be Issued by said cltr
of Han Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
each, both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
rate of ■»% |.er cent ocr annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore ;
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose Intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Clerk, at the City Kali In San
| Jose, i a'ifornia, until the hour, of eight o'clock
p. m.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon (hereafter as said Mayor
aud Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said h gh school building and sewer
bonds, cr either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897,' ana the interest thereon to be
paid semt-unnually on the first day < f December
and toe first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the Untied States
said high school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, bo:h
inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively ironi one to lorty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fitteen bond*;
the first series is to include those, bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both, inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to luciude the fifteen
bands numbered consecitively after those in-
clude.! in me next preceding suit's.
Said »ewer bonds sha.l numbered contccu-
tively from one to four hundred. b>h inclusive,
and b- divided into lorty series numbered "on-
secutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds: the first series Is to '
i include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding
' series is to include . the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those' included in the next pre-
ceding series- -
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first Cay of June, IS9B. and one of the re-
maining series Is to be made payable on the tint
dny of June in each succeeding ca • nilar rear
thereafter, until and including the ye >r 1937.
Said bonds are to be made payable to th ■ order of '
the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
said bondn there U to be attache.! interesl-beartDg
coupons, double in number to the number of y-au»
wliicii such bond run to run before its maturity.
l'r^poaals must state the price un> ed, the descrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and be atcornpan.eil by
! a certified check on. some respoasu le unlit, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said ; liecK to
be returned to bidder in case the -bill i< not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bones shall
be paid In gold coin of the Uni ed t t>s within
ninety days after notice of accept.' rce. 1 he n;h;
to accept liny or all bids and to rej.-rt unyornll
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. . . J. W. COOK, City C.erk.
Dated January 2 1, 1897.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
SHRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
■X.-V UFKN V>Tl— UIDMUUT. .
<t'_d_M_?***M Sis ** '" , a -^''--poisonous
*<_B_P~^~l__ £ > , IC< : dy o for tionnrrhrea,
_H^~ OCKEb~ BI Clout, Spermatorrhoea,
4_^T in 1 to s .Uti.>S > v ''ite3, unnatural di3-
iUwZy Qnar»nt«il f| charges, or any inflanima-
_■»¥ nti to s'j-icture. tion, irritation or ulccra-
g" "gPrefenM coatmslon. tiou of mucous mcru-
Kii*THEEvAN3CHEMi£HCo. Cranes. Non-astring?n-.
CINCINNATI,!} ~| I Sold by l*rursl»tr,
~ _^. U.S. A. a Hr2 r BBnt in lain wrjpwr.
+^^^^^~^KM py express, prepai'l, fjt
VH_V^l 1 .- 00 ' or 3 bottiei, C3.7V
. '^Brl m Circular sent or *• .ccoSi
56
MONDAY JANCAKY 11, 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and -Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally »nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-80
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1-W
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1888.
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Tflfpnon* M»ln-1874 |
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; op*n until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW. cornei Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math tlrcet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Drop the fake caucus.
Get down to straight business.
Elect a Senator worthy of the office.
Sooner or later ability always arrives.
No one denies the merits of Samuel M.
Shortridge.
What has Senator Perkins ever done in
the Senate?
The office should go to the man who can
fill it worthily.
Merit may be mocked at by those who
lack it, but it wins.
Take the dummy off the track and go
forward to new things.
The Senator from California should be
able to speak for California.
The people of California expect a Sena
tor who will champion all tiie interests of
California.
Senator Perkins has been tried in the
SenatorshiD an d what does the triai bal
ance show?
In the great nrena of Nationii debate
California should have a champion able
to maintain her cause.
There are those who say that for merit
to aspire is ridiculous, but as a rule tney
are ridiculous themselves.
If the attempt oi the Examiner to
"worry" Senator Perkins into "selling a
ship"' is not ridiculous, what is it?
Why did the men who claim to have
been instructed for Per Kins go into a cau
cus to decide for whom they should vote?
Samuel 11. Shortridge is supported for
the Senate upon his merits ana not by
reviling, ridiculing and denouncing his
opponents.
Why does not the Examiner point with
pride to some of its candidate's merits,
achievements or services to the Republi
can party?
A man who has been tried in a particu
lar office and has fallen below the measure
of its auties is certainly not deserving of
re-election.
The fake about the necessity for Purkins
to "meet bribery with bribery" was evi
dently published by the Examiner for its
own benefit.
As the Examiner of yesterday had noth
ing to say about bribery, it is doubtful
whether Perkins has sold his ships or
burned them.
There are two essentials for right service
in high office, one is ability to perform the
work and the other is fidelity to every
duty it imposes.
The advocacy of a blackmailing sheet
may stain the canvass of Senator Perkins,
but that of Mr. Shortridge will remain
clean to the end.
Samuel M. Shortridge has advocated
and worked for the Republican party in
season and out of season and has merited
the honors of the party by arduous ser
vice in its behalf.
Judge Daly declares there can be no can
cus of a less number of persons than are
required to effect the purpose for which
they have gone into caucus. Wbu dis
putes that proposition?
Intelligent Republicans will not miss
tne significance of the fact that the chief
opponent of Mr. Shortridge is a Demo
cratic boodle organ, whose manager is
known as "Long preen."
Hiring a Democratic boodle sheet to as-
Bail tde honesty of Republican members
ol the Legislature may be a good way to
hide the defect of the candidate it advo
cates, but it does not advance his merit.
The Republicans of California should
send to the Senate a man who is capable
of defending in debate the great principles
of protection against the free trade Sena
tor whom the Democrats have sent there.
All forms of political machinery have
their uses, but they should tend to the
election of the man best fitted for the
office to which he aspires. When they
have nny other tendency they become
abuses.
According to friends of Senator Perkins,
the National capital is no place for any
but the rich, and yet every student of our
history knows it has not been millionaires
who have won most distinction there or
rendered most service to the Nation and
tne people.
No man in the State is more intelli
gently devoted to the great mining inter
ests of the country than Samuel M. Short
ridge, and when in the Senate he can be
counted on to promote the cause of the
miners by advocating the appointment of
a Secretary of Mines with a seat in the
Cabinet.
Having been trained in the public
schools of the State and having rendered
service to them as a teacher, no man 'in
California is in closer touch with the great
body of men and women who have been
edcucated in those schools than Samuel M .
Sbortridge. He shares their pride in Cali
fornia as well as their National patriotism,
and in the United States Senate will give
utterance to their sentiments and main
\l'i» their weUare, •
ARE RICHES A REQUISITE?
In the letter which Senator Perkins wrote to James A. Waymire after the
treachery of the former to his old friend's earnest and honorable hope of being found
worthy and well supported for a Cabinet position, he expresses a thought which rich
men often hold, but seldom publish. It is the idea of Senator Perkins that a man of
limited means ought not to aspire to a Cabinet position, because the expense of main
taining himself with befitting style in the office would outrun Us salary.
In view of the fact that Mr. Waymire is not rich Mr. Perkins did not take his
aspiration seriously and had the amazing assurance to write and tell him so.
Has it, in fact, come to this pass in our Republic that Cabinet positions are oniy
for the rich and thattne door to such preferment must be opened with a golden key?
Can it be possible that Senator Perkins i 3 ri<*ht in his assertion that merit, however
great, and ability, however marked, must be joined with wealth in order to qualify
their possessor for a Cabinet position?
If Mr. Perkins is correct in his statement, and if poor men may not aspire to the
Cabinet, how changed for the worse is the condition of our country as compared to
those glorious days when Daniel Webster, a poor man, and Henry Clay, a poor man,
were deemed worthy to be the members of Cabinets, and by their surpassing talents
there displayed achieveu for onr Nation the highest honor and for themselves
the most enduring fame.
If Mr. Perkins is right in stating that custom has caused the expense of the office
to exceed its salary, he and the millionaires like him who set the pace of living in
Washington society at such an annual outlay that none but those of their own financial
measure can afford to aspire, to be a Cabinet officer are solely responsible lor such a con
dition. It is to be rememDered that the salary of Cabinet officer is $8000 a year, while
that of Senator is but $5000 a year. It follows that the suggestion of Mr. Perkins applies
with at least equal force to the one as to the other and that bis idea evidently is that
no poor man can be a Senator and that that office also has been sequestered for the
sole enjoyment of the ricn.
It is not surprising in the light of this revelation of Mr. Perkins' mind
that his managers at Sacramento nave cast ridicule at the aspirations of Mr.
Perkins' opponent, who has taken another view of the office and has esteemed brains,
talents, eloquence and energy as more essential qualities than wealth. Neither is it
to be marveled at that the Dsmocratic newspaper which is Mr. Perkins' lea.ding ex
ponent should so persistently obtrude the suggestion that a sack and a Senatorship
necessarily go hand in hand.
THE SUPREME ESSENTIAL.
In spite of all that may be said and claimed by the managers of Mr. Perkins
about the Dinding effect of ex-parte instructions or the compelling force of hasty and
insufficiently attended caucuses, or the lien which an incumbent acquires upon the
office of Senator, it is a truth too plain for denial that merit is the only consideration
of finally and absolutely controlling effect.
It will not be denied that under certain conditions the use of such political tactics
as ante-election instructions or properly conducted caucuses are permissible, and
that to a certain extent members of the Legislature may be bound thereby. The
measure of this binding force, however, is limited by the plain proposition that an
assertion of the claims of merit can never be foreclosed by any sort of tactics.
When the Legislature meets and enters upon that week of deliberation which the
Federal statute wisely interposes between its meeting and its choice of a Senator,
then is the time for candidates to come forward, and for a full and fair measurement
of the merits of each. The absoluie freedom of this consideration on the part of each
member of the Legislature ought not to be and, in fact, cannot rightfully be impeded
by anything having for its purpose a pre-judgment of this a 11- important issue.
Conventions may instruct and caucuses ma/ be attempted by the overzealous
for victory, but, after all, it is the legislator's highest duty to his State, to his party
and to his constituents to so vote that to (.he ablest and worthiest candidate the honor
or his cnoice must fall. The member of the present Legislature who, upon his return
to his home, is unable to say, honestly, clearly and conscientiously. •»! voted for the
best man for United Sates Senator," will hnd himself in a slough of disesteem among
all who know his duty, from which no excuse about ei-parte instructions and snap
caucuses wili suffice to extricate him.
II V what merit in office does
Senator Perkins deserve a re
election?
What work has he done for
the people ?
What service has he rendered
the >atiou '.*
What has he achieved for
California?
What has he accomplished
for the Republican party ?
What have been his efforts to
render service
What part has he taken in
debates in the Senate?
What labor has he performed
in committee-rooms?
What is his record ?
Why have not his supporters
made public some evidence of
his fitness for the office of
United States Senator from
California ?
PERTINENT INQUIRIES.
The resolutions adopted by the San Jose
Board of Trade on Friday evening in
regard to the improvement of Alviso
harbor are in the fullest sense pertinent
to the Senatorial contest now before the
Legislature. The people of San Jose have
long desired the General Government to
make certain improvements at Alviso, and
have worked earnestly to that end. They
have not found, however, the support from
our Senators which they were entitled to
expect, and as a consequence their local
efforts have hitherto been in vain.
The San Jose people do not resort to any
indirection in dealing with the matter,
nor hesitate to point out the .exact place
where the blame lies. One of the resolu
tions adopted by the Board of Trad 6
declares "the need of an able and energetic
representative in the United States Sen
ate — one familiar with the needs of this
and all other sections of the State, and
who will be prepared at nil times to
champion the right of the people against
any antagonistic influences."
The State Board ol Trade, the Chamber
of Commerce in this City and similar
bodies in all parts of the State might well
and appropriately indorse these resolu
tions. Almost every city of note in Cali
fornia has experienced the neglect of our
Senators in regard to its claims for public
improvements by the Government, and in
San Francisco and some others the neglect
has been carried to an extent which argue*
a total indifference to public duty.
It cannot be urged in defense of Senator
Perkins that he has been rendered forget
ful of local interests by reason of his de
votion to great National questions. He has
taken no part in the debates of the Senate
on large issues any more than on small
ones, and has been as indifferent to the
Nation at large as to his own State.
So complete a blank is the record of the
services of Senator Perkins at Washing
ton, that when it is asked what has he
done, the question is regarded as some
thing of an insult to his supporters. He
asks for re-election on anything except his
record. His advocates assert be has a fine
sense of humor, but they do not claim
that he has any sense of legislative duty.
Therefore all inquiries as to what he has
done in the office to entitle him to the
votes of legislators, are either evaded or
scoffed at.
However the advocates of Senator Per-
Kins may ridicuie the idea of merit having
anything to do with the selection of a Sen
ator, it is nevertheless the duty of legis
lators to inquire into the merits of candi
dates. A man who has been intrusted
with an important office must give some
account of his stewardship. Wna. has
Senator Perkins done in the Senate? In
what way has be employed such abilities
as he possesses?
As was saia by the San Jose Board of
Trade, there is need of an able, energetic
representative in the United States Senate.
If Senator Perkins is sucu a man he can
surely point to something he has done or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
at least tried to do. A full report of the
proceedings of the Senate is kept for him
in the Congressional Record. Is there no
single line in that publication to which
his supporters can point with pride or at
least with satisfaction? lias he made no
effort whatever on behalf of California?
To these and similar questiona Republican
legislators should demand an answer. It
would be folly to re-elect a man who,
after having been tried in office, has
shown himself inferior to his opportuni
ties, ineffective in his work and recreant
to the trust repossd in him.
THE LEGISLATQEE.
As the Examiner of yesterday, while
continuing its assaults upon Mr. Short
ridce, was free from any charges of
bribery, corruption or dishonesty among
Republican members of the Legislature,
there is reason for the hope that this form
of tactics is to be abandoned and that
however personal and vituperative the
Perkins managers may be in their attacks
upon his unreplying opponent the Sena
torial contest will be conducted hereafter
without the vilification and slandering of
legislators.
As c matter of fact there was never ariy
slightest ground for the charges made by
the Examiner correspondent during last
week. If there was any attempt to
"worr>" Senator Perkins "into selling a
ship," then it was the lyin? writer who
did the worrying and the Examiner man
agement that was to protit by it. The
present Legislature has been in session
but a short time, but it has already given
evidence that it is one of the best that
ever assembled in the State. It has made
proof of a sincere regard for the welfare
of the taxpayers by cuttine down the
patronage of its own members and nas
been cotnmendably earnest and prompt
in the transaction of all business which
came before it.
There are doubtless some weak mem
bers in the Legislature, and there may be
some who are vicious, but if so they have
not yet shown themselves conspicuously.
On the contrary, the dominant element or
both the Assembly and the Senate has
proven itself to be composed of men of
high character and honest convictions.
Tne assertion of the Examiner, therefore,
ibat Senator Perkins must "meet bribery
with bribery" can be true only of the
ni eels of its own office, for no such neces
sity is imposed on any candidate by the
legislators.
The absence of any repetition of these
charges in the Examiner yesterday givA
reason, as we have said, for hoping they
are to be abandoned altogether. Cer
tainly when the Examiner drops them no
one else is likely to take them up. This
is a feature of the canvass on which the
public may well be congratulated. It is
not right that honest members of the
Legislature, sincerely aiming to serve the
State as best they can, should be made
the victims of every irresponsible and im
moral writer who may see fit to assail them.
Honesty, dignity and talent should not
be exposed to the shafts of envious and
malignant mediocrity without a most reso
lute protest on the part of the better ele
ments of society.
A contest for the high and responsible
honor of representing California in the
National Senate stiould be conducted by
all competitors on merit alone. The com
petitors, moreover, should grant to the
legislators who ar« to decide between
them the same immunity from slander
which they ask ior themselves. We do
not hold Senator Perkins at all responsible
for the charges made by his Democratic
orean last week, but we trust he or his
friends had something to do with silencing
it yesterday. Let us have no more of this
fake story that Republicans in the Legis
lature are on a level with Doodling fakers
and their Long green managers.
THE SENATORIAL CONTEST.
. r
San Francisco News Letter.
The contest now on in Sacramento over
the choice of the United States Senator
stiould attract the attention and interest
of the people of California to an unusual
degree on account of the elements which
enter it and the lines upon which it is be
ing conducted by the respective candi
dates. It has been some time sines talent,
ambition, youth, brains and eloquence
have engaged in a contest for the high
office of Senator against wealth, age and
mediocrity before the California Legisla
ture, and the spectacle of a comparatively
young man who possesses the former en
tering the lists with one who is generally
notable for the latter may well excite the
interest of every citizen.
The career of Samuel M. Shortridge in
California, which, through years of grad
ual growth in public esteem has finally lea
up to an assertion of his claims upon the
office of United States Senator, iJ- one
which should awaken admiration in tne
mind of every man who himself has
strong and noble ambitions for the attain
ment of honor and tho achievement of
success in life.
Mr. Shortridee came to California a
poor boy, compelled from his childhood
to labor for a livelihood and an educa
tion. He worked among the miners of
Nevada County until he could earn
enough money to go to school. He then
attended the public schools and passed
through all their gradations until he had
fitted himself to teach in the schools in
which he had been taught. He thus ob
tained the means which enabled him to
attend a law school and to gratify his first
ambition for a professional career.
The expanding of his natural talents
and acquired attainments during this
struggle for an education and preparation
for a calling awakened in his mind a new
and a nobler aspiration. He felt himself
capable of becoming an orator and began
te display a power of moving the minds
of men through his eloquent and thoucht
ful discussions of public affairs. . The pos
session of this talent in a marked degree
suggested to the mind of Mr. Shortridge
and to his many friends the idea that
there was a prot>er forum for their dis
play, and aroused his ambition to attain,
sooner or later, a seat in the United States
Senate.
For the past several years this ambition
has been one of the foremost objects of
the rising young lawyer's desire, ana he
has trained all of his faculties to fill the
office with honor and credit to himself and
to the people of California whenever they
should deem it fitting to place him there.
By deep studies of public questions and of
the art of eloquent expression; by wide
reading of the best literature of all a^es;
by close and thoughtful observation of the
current of public affairs, and by constant
exercises of his abilities as a public
speaker, Mr. Snortridge has so thoroughly
prepared himself to till the hi^h office of
United States Senator that no honest and
impartial judge of his attainments will
deny his eminent fitness for the place.
The many friends of Samuel M. Short
ridge, throughout the State of CaliforniA i
realize that the time has come when his
years of service to the Republican party
should have their proper recompense and
when his talents and matured powers of
thought and expression should be given a
proper sphere.
They believe that the time has come in
the Nation when its Senate should cease
to deserve the reproach of being a club of
millionaires and should become a council
of statesmen. They deem it especially
fitting that California, which has done
more than its share in bringing upon the
Senate the former reproach, should make
a present attempt to restore to it the latter
virtue. It is for this reason that the can
didacy of Samuel M. Shortridge for the
Senate is growing daily in favor and
strength before the State Legislature, and
is meeting with widespread approval
among those who possess a proper concep
tion of the kind of man a Senator should
be, and who believe that the State of Cali
fornia would honor itself by selecting one
of its foremost representatives in culture
and in eloquence to f.ll the place.
THE contest of Samuel ]H.
Shortridge for the Senate has
I>ecn clean. He has neither
vilified his opponents nor
nought the aid of those Mho
delight in vilification. He has
appreciated the dignity of the
high office to -which he aspires
and has so conducted himself
in seeking it as to prove him.
self deserving to attain it. He
has not asked the support of
the unworthy and has not re
ceived it. His friends have not
found it necessary to assail
other candidates in order to
promote his election. They
have not maligned honest men
nor accused legislators of seek
ing bribes. They ask the elec
tion of Mr. Shortridge to the
Senate because he has merited
the honor and because from
the record of his life they can
give assurance that when an
account is asked of his stew
ardship he will be able to show"
service done for his State and
for the Million, for his party
and for the people, which will
render him as honored in office
as he has been honorable in
seeking it.
COAST EXCHANGES.
In opening its fifty-ninth volume the Placer
ville Mountain Democrat takes occasion to re
mark, with some show of honest pride, that
"the press from which its holiday compliments
were first issued came around the Horn to
Monterey in 1848, and thence to Placerville in
1851. It was the beginning of what Is now,
aside from the metropolitan press, one of the
best equipped printing offices in Northern
California. The Democrat is thus the child and
champion of what was and Is the mother
county of the State. Coming down from the
early fifties to the outgoing nineties, with
pride of place intensified by precedence in
time, and not always sharing in the prosperity
it has promoted, it has been loyal and true to
its city and county."
The Sonora Union- Democrat says that the year
189U witnessed much industrial advance
ment in Tuolunine County. It was the most
prosperous year since the decline in mining
twenty-five years ago, and to the uncovering
of rich treasure beds during the past two
years can be attributed the unprecedented
growth of tlie county in population and in
business and building enterprise. "ThCßrowth
has been a healthy, substantial one, not in
flated by boomers from boomland, but steadily
keeping pace with the actunl developments
and rich discoveries in our mines. 1 1 has been
a growth founded on merit— by a knowledge
that the ore bodies beneath our territory are
of such character and magnitude that a thou
sand stamps can be kept continually dropping
with great profit for a century to come, and
then there would still remain an inexhausti
ble supply that cou;d be profitably worked,
and will be, with the advent of still cheaper
modes of reducing ore."
The Los Angeles Times' annual, issued Jan
uary 1, was a magnificent newspaper of forty
eight pages, with illuminated cover, replete
with matters of interest, historical, literary
und descriptive. It will be a most excellent
advertisement abroad for orange-land.
The SanJ Luis Oblspo Keasoner has begun its
fifth volume. It is a believer in the Popu
listic faith, but has the merit of iair-minded
ness in its discussions, and its utterances
make it evident that its editor is conscien
tious in what. he says. It is a well-printed
paper and seems to be enjoying good patron
age.
Rena Shattuek has severed her connection
with the Pitalumicm, which passes into the
hands of Frank H. Snow. Miss Shattuek made
a remarkable success with her newspaper,
which has prospered because of its real merits.
The Castroville Enterprise has proved true to
its name by enlarging in order to meet the in
creasing demands of advertisers and to gratify
its readers with a wider and fuller scope of the
news.
The Bakersfleld Echo declares that "to the
Kern farmer the outlook certainly is most
promising. The recent rains have moistened
the ground sufficiently for plowing, and early
grasses are responding to nature's watering
with wonderful rapidity. The horticulturist
is also quite as fortunate. All kinds of trees
and shrubbery as well as vines are very prom
ising at this time. All bespeak for the Kern
County farmer, stockman and horticulturist a
season rich in possibilities if he but do his
work well and at the proper season; and in
doing this there is nothing like taking advan
tage of present opportunities."
The Sausalito News, in its issue of January
9, describes its little city by the sea very fully,
and in a manner to attract attention to the
advantages of the place. It shows Sausalito to
be one of the truly progressive towns of Cali
fornia.
Newman has a new paper, the West Side In
dex, published by Hardin & Sturgeon. Its
object is to labor in the cause of the develop
ment of the resources of Newman and its sur
roundings.
The Vlsalia Weekly Delta, one of the test all
round newspapers in the interior, has just en
tered its fortieth year.
The Virginia (Key.) Enterprise learns from
what is saia to be unquestionable author
lty that the plan to drain the American Flat
country and its many mines, in all of which
pay ore has been found when the water drove
the miners from their work, is assuming a
tangible form. It is rumored that capitalists
are about to examine this proposition, which
is one of the greatest that lies outdoors in the
State of Nevada. This proposition has been
often talked of, but until now there has been
no actual likelihood of the scheme being
undertaken. So far the promoters of the pres
ent project are unknown, but it has been
learned that those interested in American
Flat properties have been seen, and that the
project is in the hands of those who will see it
put through. The Enterprise sets forth the
alluring prospect which the American Flat
country holds for those who shall drain from
the ore bodies the floods of water which cover
them. A tunnel might be run eltner from the
Alta mine or from the Crown Pom t, connect
ing these mines with the Sutro tunnel. The
cost of such a project would be nominal when
compared with the possibilities which would
attend the enterprise.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
During the year just closed Britishshipyards
have built fifty-nine ships for the British and
foreign navies, aggregating 155,849 tons,
377,980 horsepower, and over $53,000,000 in
value.
A fine record was made at the Portsmouth
dockyard last month, when from Monday
morning to Saturday noon thirty-one armor
plates, averaging fifteen tons eacn, were put
in place on the hull of the battleship Caesar.
■During the steam trials of the Powerful the
temperature in the stokeholds ranged from
75 to 90 degrees. In other vessels fitted with
the ordinary Scotch or tank boiler, the heat is
never below 90, and has gone as high as 140
degrees.
AThe Turbiana, a torpedo-boat built atW'alls
cnd-on-Tyne to demonstrate the efficiency of
steam turbine engines, had a trial December
IS and- made the remarkable speed of -i».tt
knots. Tiie boat is only 100 leet long, 9 ieet
beam, and displaces 42 tons.
The Entre Rio, torpedo boat destroyer, built
in England for the Argentine Government,
has arrived at Buenos Ay res, having made the
run from St. Vincent, a distance of 3700 miles,
without calling at any port for coal. This is
the longest run made by any torpedo craft.
Baa luck seems to follow recent French naval
construction. The battle-ship Carnot barely es
caped a serious accident through the timely
discovery of derangement of the steering gear.
Her boilers were also found to be damaged
and the ship was towed into Toulon for re
pairs. Almost at the same time the Charles
Marteal, battle-ship, while undergoing trials at
sea, struck a floating spar and damaged one of
her propellers, necessitating return to port.
Prince George, British battle-ship of 14,900
tons which recently completed her trial trips,
made 10.52 knots on 10.464 porsepower dur
ing the eighth natural draught trial, 15.3
knots with 12,253 horsepower under four
hours' forced draught, ana 14.76 on 6185
horsepower during a thirty hours' continu
ous run, to ascertain her coal consumption,
which was only 1.83 pounds per horsepower
per hour. Her battery, consisting of four 12
--inch, six 6-inch, eight 12-rounders ana eight
3-pounders (the three latter guns quick-firing),
can deliver a tire in broadside during five min
utes—l 6 rounds 12-inch, 150 rounds 6-inch,
400 rounds 12-pounders and 600 rounds of 3-
pounders — making a total weight of missiles of
35,200 pounds or nearly 153£ tons.
The entry of naval cadets in the British navy
is to be changed and goes into effect at once.
The object is to gradually raise the age of en
try and to shorten to some extent the period
of training oa the Britannia. Cadets will
hereafter be entered three times a year instead
of twice, as hitherto, and tne appointments
trill be dated from January 15, May 15 and
September 15, at which dates the limits of
aaes for 1897 will be: January 15 and May
15, 13' 2 to 15 years; September 15, 13%
lo 15J + . For the entry on January 15,
189 a, vie limits will be 14 to 15%. There are
lo be three terms of about thirteen weeks each
year, and the period of training on the Brit
annia will extend over four terms. The period
of service us naval cadet afloat is to be eight
months, making t lie time from entry to eligi
bility for promotion live years, against six
years in this country.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Patient-rl am convinced that Death, after
all, is the best physician.
Doctor— Why so?
Patient— Because he pays only one vlßit—
Judge.
Doctors wife— Have you told Mrs. Blank
that her baby is deaf and dumb?
Old doctor— Not exactly; but I have told
her that if the little girl grew up and married
her husband would be devoted to her.— Spare
Moments.
Boggs' old friend— Great heavens, man I Do
I Mud you reduced to playing a cornet ou the
street corner to make a living?
Bokes— l ain't doing this to make a living.
My wife won't let me practice in the house.—
London Tit-BiU.
Doctor— Yes, I examined your son carefully,
ai:d I am convinced that his condition is en
tirely due to climatic influences. You ought
to send him to a warmer cauiate.
Parent— Why, doctor, '.hat's absurd. Ever
since he's had a bicycle he has done nothing
else but scorch.— Boston Courier.
"Now, Thomas." said the teacher, "write me
a sentence in which the words pine and butter
nut are used."
And Thomas wrote: "Tha fellow felt al
mighty tough, when him his best girl cut.
First he thought he'd pine away, and then he
thought he'd butternut."— Detroit Journal.
Bereaved— Well, doctor, now that the inter
val permits mv speaking calmly oi my hus
band's demise, I am prompted to ask you
your confirmed opinion as to the cause of his
death.
Doctor— A complicatiou of diseases, madam.
Bereaved— Ah ! That was like him. He al
ways was versatile in everything.— Richmond
Dispatch.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
John J. Pierson, the -gailery-gods 1 ideal vil
lain, is in town. What Is more, he is boofied
for a season at the Grand Opera-house, the
scene of a series of triumphs when Mr. Pierson
was the best-hated man in San Francisco.
Pierson is a man of fine physique A well
shaped head tops a pair of splendid square
shoulders. He has a determined face, with
piercing eyes, that enable him to do wicked
deeds with a directness and an apparent
fiendish delight that often had disastrous
results.
The Doys from the gallery got into the habit
of "laying for" Pierson at the stage door after
the show. They had not been able to exhaust
their wrath at his intense villainy in hisses
and hoarse yells in the theater, so they nllea
their pockets with stones, which they let fly at
him as he went into the street. When they
added old vegetables and mud to their offer
ings Pierson, who is the mildest-mannered
man imaginable, went out by a back door.
For a month all went well. Then they dis
covered his line of retreat, and one night the
unhappy actor was forced again to submit to
the nattering though undesired indications of
appreciation.
Nor was this all. He was given a week's
vacation and proceeded to enjoy it by doing a
little surf- fishing off the big rock just below
the Cliff House. He reveled in the peace of
the breakers for half an hour and enjoyed his
fishing immensely in blissfui ignorance of the
fact that some wandering street gamin had
recognized him and was summoning his avail
able friends. He was awakened to the fact
by the patter of some stones around him and
cries of :
"That's him, Take that, you villian,"
etc.
Plerson beat an inglorious retreat and
spent the rest of his vacation out of town. In
fact, he had grown accustomed to retreating,
for often before be had spoken a word he
would be gieeted with such violent hisses that
the play could not proceed.
Mr. Pierson is a good-looking young man.
He is singularly free from the unpleasant
mannerisms so often affected by stage folk.
For a season he played the leading part in
"Alabama." He has been playing leads
with A. Y. Pearson's company during the past
two seasons and created the part of Jason in
"The Land of the Midnight Sun" in which he
opens at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
K. J. Sidney of Los Angeles Is at th« Palace.
'H. W. Crabb, a Iruitman of Oakvllle, is reg
istered at the Grand.
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa. is regis
tered at the Paiace.
Judge John D. Works ot Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
H. W. Patton, a newspaper man of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
John A. Manley and wife of Victoria are
guests at the Baldwin.
Professor E. Griggs of Stanford University is
■taying at the Occidental.
Dr. £. G. Case of Ukiah is in town. He is
registered at the Baldwin.
Ex-Sheriff Tom Cunningham of Stockton is
registered at the Baldwin.
N. J. Nissou, of the firm of Nye & Nisson of
San Diego, is at the Grand.
J. M. Murry, a furniture manufacturer of
Minneapolis, is at the Grand.
E. Morgenstein of Morgeustein & Co., Seat
tle, is registered at the Baldwin.
J. P. Treanor, an insurance man of Fruit
vale, is a guest at the California.
B. J. Wilson, a real estate dealer of Stockton,
is among the arrivals at the Baldwin.
E. Lang, a Portland wholesale merchant, is
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
J. B. Hoyt, a nowspaper man of Suisun, is
one of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. J. B. S. Holmes and wife of Atlanta, Ga.,
arrived at the Palace yesterday evening.
R, Healy, a prominent citizen of San Jose, is
among the arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
J. K. Grant, a son of the famous general and
ex-President, is staying at the Occidental.
Count de Kergorlay is registered at the Pal
ace. He arrived yesterday from Redding.
J. M. L-.kenan, a foundry man of Grass Val
ley, Is in town and has a room ut the Lick.
A. S. Millar, a well-known mining man, is
down from Alaska anais staying at the Lick.
Robert C. Nash, formerly private secretary
of Senator Stauford, is staying at the Calilor
nia.
John T.York, City Attorney of St. Helena,
is down from Napa. He is registered at the
Lick.
Sheriff U. S. Gregory of Amador County is
down from Jackscn and is registered at the
Grand.
J. K. Harrington, a civil engineer and poli
tician ol Santa Barbara, is staying at the
Grand.
Miss Alice Hammon arrived in the City yes
erday from Montgomery, Ala., and is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan.
A. C. Scanlln of St. Louis, Mo., arrived from
the East last night with his wife aud regis
tered at the Baldwin.
J. L. Chaddock, who is engaged in the dried
fruit trade at Fresno, is registered with his
wife at the California.
J. B. Kelly and wife, from San Luis Obispo,
who are visiting the City at present, are stay
ing at the Cosmopolitan.
F. J. Wheeler, the Great Northern Railway
agent at Vancouver, is paying San Francisco a
visit with his wife. They are registered at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Manly and Lloyd A.
Manly, tourists from Great Falls, Mont., are
staying at the Baldwin. They recently left
British Columbia.
A large party arr'ved in the City yesterday
from Portland, Or., viz.: Josepn Manning,
William Doming, John McCartau, James
Tonor and George Volnard. All are staying at
the Cosmopolitan.
A PERTINENT QUESTION.
Bakursfield Callfornian.
What do the Republican members of the
Legislature think of the Examiner's reiterated
insult to J them in * its " a a fly suggestion of ; a
"Me*" at me capital and of the likelihood, that
blackmail and bribery will go hand in baud in
determining their choice of a Senator?
This is the question The Call asks, in blade
type and it is a pertinent question too. There
is no more reason of charging Mr. Shortridge s
friends with using money in the Senatorial
campaign than there is in charging Perkins
friends with usinr; money in the >OTember
election. Perhaps not so mxich !
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Kaiser Wilhelm's jubilee cup. to be raced for
by British yachts next summer on the occa
sion of his graudmother's reign of sixty years,
is three feet high. The course of the race will
be from Dover to Heligoland.
Perhaps as fine an autograph alDum as exists
is the visitors' book at Ha warden, wherein the
names of Gladstone's guests are recorded. It
J. J. PIERSON.
contains entries as far back as 1860. The
most recent of consequence is that of Li Hung
Chang.
Possibly the oldest woman in England is
Sarah Thomas, who on February 5 will be 109
years of age. Mrs. Thomas has smoked a clay
pipe for sixty years and bids fair to enjoy life
and tobacco for some years to come.
Henri Kochefort derives an income of $50,
--000 yearly from l'lntransigeant. The Debats
reproaches him with socialism and with giv
ing no benefit to his employes. It is believed,
however, that M. Rochefort is exceedingly
generous to political refugees and he spends
carelessly.
One of the valuable relics intrusted to the
care of the srand master of Massachusetts Ma
sons is "the Washington urn," a small golden
urn containing a lock of General Washington's
hair. Mrs. Washington presented the lock to
the Grand Lodge in 1800, and Grand Master
Paul Revere made the urn.
Boxes of tin soldiers play a most important
part in the life of young Hohenzoilerns, and
the battles they hear of in their history les
sons are all fought over again with great zest
and vigor. Waterloo is their favorite conflict,
"because," they are told, "England would
never have won the day if Blucher and the
Frnssians had not come to help."
A recent family council of the members of
the houses of Savoy and Orleans has succeeded
in inducing the Duke aud Duchess of Aosta to
abandon their intention of an immediate sep
aration. The Duke of Aosta is the eldest
nephew of the King of Italy and tne Duchess
is the daughter of the late Count of Paris and
a sister of the Duke of Orleans.
One of |the early Duchesses of Marlborough,
the Duchess Henrietta, was passiouately at
tached to Congreve, the playwright, who, lor
a long time, dined at her table daliy. When
he died, in 1729, the Duchess had a life-sized
image made exactly resembling the dead dra
matist, and this effigy, so the gossips said, was
always placed on the seat formerly filled by
Cong.-eve himself.
"CHANGE" ON STREETCARS.
Minneapolis Journal.
After eight years of litigation the New Yor*
Court of Appeals has decided that a streetcar
conductor cannot be required to change ass
bill, and that a $2 bill is the limit. The de
cision is based upon the reasonable theory
that to compel the conductor to change large
bills would oblige Him to carry a large amount
of money and virtually to engage in the busi
ness of Danking, which would distract his at
tention from a proper oversight of his cars
and passengers.
UNfiELEN.ING.
I walked with my friend of an earlier time.
Whose guidance I strive to heed;
Who checks my spirits that lightly climb
In praise of some modern deed,
'•There are no great men," he assures ne oft,
"Like those that we know of yore:
The senate and stage have completely Ooffed
The glories that one* they wore.
"The pictures they paint," sars my mentor, grim.
•'Are patches de void of art.
And the girls are do longer demure and trim
• Like the girttt who ensnared my heart.
And the tales we read ud^ the songs we sing
Are reflections of other days;
The halos which genius, extinct, may fling
O'er posterity's books. and lays."
So I thought to beguile him with other themes,
' And I spoke of the lulu that shone
Where the West, aflame with the sun's last beams.
Proclaimed that the day had flown.
Unsmiling, to watch the scene hesiood;
Its radiance brought, no joy.
"It's lair," said he. -'but ii's not as good
As they gave us when I was a boy." -
■ • —Washington Star.
Large, handsome basket and lour pounds of
our lamous broken candy, 50c. Townsend's. *
♦ — ♦ — •
Standard patterns, highest perfection, low
est price. Domestic office, 1021 Market st.
• — ♦ ■»
Special information daily to manufacturers
business houses and public men by the Pr««i
Clipping Bureau ( AlWs) 510 Montgomery"
"Well," said the casual caller, reflectively,
"trains and people may be late frequently, but
there are some things always on time "
"Name them," replied the snake editor.
'Well, the hourglass and the scythe, for
example.-'-Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
Phillips' Jtoclt island fxcurslona
t*ave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Hi,
Grand* and Rock ' I,land Hallway*. Throng
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager aud porters accompany the«» excursions to
Boston, For ticket., eleeplnc-car accommodation!
and further information, address Clinton Jones, .
ueneral Agent nook Island Kail way, SO Uonfr
gomwry street, bu ranclaao.
"Mrs. Vinilow'a Soothing Syrap"
Has been used over fifty years by million! of
mothers for their children while Teething with par
; It ct success/ Jt soothes the child, bottenainegums,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates he Bowels
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aria- 1
I Ing Jrom tee.h ing or other causes. ' *or sale by drag
gists in every part Of the world. Be sure and a tic
lor Airs. Wins.ow's Soothing Syrup. - 25c a bottia.
' " • — — • ; — '
C'orok-ado.— : Atmosphere ; Is perfectly (try *>ri
end- mild, fcelnj; entirely Iree from the mists com
mon lurther north. ; Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship; including fifteen days' board at ih» Horn J« i
Coiouado, $65:' longer stay $2 50 per day. ■Apptj ■
4 iiouttonoery su. San Francisco. •
./....: ■'- — " — ' • — ♦ — • "
• „ This best ' remedy * for constipation is Ayer'a
Pills. They never fall. Have you aeen A yer'»
Almanac for this y ear » yI MONDAY JANUARY U, 1897 j
AMUSE-V.ENTS.
Bamdwix-Thsateb — "The Old Homestead.'.'
Coixmbia 1 bkatkk— "Kerry Gow.-
Moroscos Opkba-Housi:— Land of the Mid-,
night Sun."
Alcazar Theater.— "Chlspa."
Tivoli Cfkka liousE.— Jack and the Bean-
stalk.
ORPHEtrif— High-Claas Vaudeville.
Ibk Chutes ANT) Skatixs Rixk.— Dally at
Balght street, one block east or the Park. ,
fcUTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
Pacific C oabt Jockey ct.itb.— Race* to-day.
AUCTION hALbS.
By*. Eabch— This day, January 11, Furni-
ture, at 319-321 Suiter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
■ 1 v Frank W. iicTTKBFiKi.D— day. Janu-
ary 11, Furniture, at 1704 Larkio su, at 11 o'clock,
iy Indiana Auction Co.-Tuesday, January
12. Furniture, at 1057 Market St.. at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The lepers hope that the proposed Federal
hospital will be established.
The higher prices of wheat prove an aid to
producers, but restaurants are charged more
ior bread.
At the coursing at Ingleside yesterday a
thirty-two dog steke was run, and Sam took
first prize.
Dr. J L A. Anderson .spoke last night to
the Tbeosophical Society on the "Memories of
l*ast Lives."
The case of the Widow Morton, who has been
ordered to remove her house, is one oi poverty
and distress.
Cloudy and foggy weather Monday with, per
haps, light rains is the weather officer's pre
diction for 10-day.
Rev. F. R. Farrand lectured on "Spiritual
ism" las: nignt and denounced mediums as
masters of sleight-of-hand.
Hypnotism is being indiscriminately taught
f::i San Francisco, aud it extends leap ytar
privileges to ladies indefinitely.
J. C. Xealon and M. J. Kiigallon defeated T.
F. Boi.net and P. T. Donnelly at the San Fran
cisco Handball Court yesterday.
The United States gunners at the coast de
fense districts are required to take lessons four
times a week in modern gunnery.
John Marks, 441 Jessie street, had a fight
with his wife yesterday and had to be sent to
the Receiving Hospital ior repairs.
Mrs. Andrew Schuller, who is separated
from her husband, sells violets in front of his
office for tne purpose of mortifying him.
The officers of the National Guard are op
posed to any proposed reorganization of the
guard lest it be legislated out ot existence.
The principal speakers at last night's meet
ing of the Socialist Labor party were the Rev.
W. D. P. Bliss and M. W. Wilkius of the New
Charter.
The Rev. A. J. Wei's preached last night o»
"Socialism" in the tecond Unitarian Church,
and his conclusion! were decidedly uncon
ventional.
Rev. W. D. P. Bliss spoke in the Y. M. C. A.
Hall yesterday afternoon on his favorite theme
o£ "Christian Socialism." There was a large
attendance.
Two weeks of mission work was commenced
by Rev. Fathers Splinter and Kernau. O. P.,
of New York, at St. Dominic's Church yester
day morning.
. Ernesto Theodore, who is staying at the Occi
dental Hotel, ;s a contractor and builder. He
is not, as erroneously stated, a mine-owuer
and coffee-grower.
The men at the various military posts in this
City and vicinity will during the" current ana
next month receive' instructions in practical
and theoretical work.
■v Lake, in Golden Gate Park, was
emptied last week to be cleaned. It was
found well stocked with trout and the bottom
was in good condition.
Peter Borgton. the missing clerk of William
Price i Co., 327 Front street, was arrested
raiurday nieht and booked at the City Prison |
yesterday for grand larceny.
R'?v. Dr. McLane, known as the Los Angeles !
Parkhurst, h«s been in this City for the last j
teu days on'busiuess connected with the debt
with whien the doctor's church is burdened.
One of the best baseball games of the season
ill played a: the college grounds yesterday :
I.t.e'ween the college team aDd the Will &
Vmcks of this City. The Fincks won by a score
: 7 to 5.
Amelia Manning, 771 Howard street, applied \
carbolic acid to her f«ce yesterday in Dklstake
lor glycerine and rose water and it will take I
months before her cheeks resume their natural ;
color again.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Congrega
tional church preached a sermon on the
decalogue last night, in which he expressed i
the opinion that me commandments were not i
miraculously delivered.
The prlnciral sharpshooting clubs he!d I
their initial shoot at the Shell Mound rifle
range yesterday. The weather was very cold
and a chiiiy north wind prevented the mak
■ • ing of remarkable scores.
The rooms of R. L. Weldon at the Berkshire i
Hotel on Jones street were entered by a burg
lar on Saturday evening shortly after 8 o'clock i
and a box containing valuable papers and a
sum of money were taken.
The wonders of Egypt and the Nile will be
the subject of an illustrated lecture at tue Y. |
M. C. A. Association Auditorium, Mason and i
KUis streets, to-uigtit, by Rev. Haskett Smith,
M. A. , oi London, England.
Jsmes Treadwell, wno is to inherit $1,500,
--00<' when he becomes of age in a coupie of
jfHTS, left this City last Tuesday. Mrs. J. J.
TVelcn, a divorcee, is missing, and her friends
thin* they were married in San Jose.
The result of the Army and Navy football I
team's victory is that a strong combination
eleven of enlisted men and officers of the army
may be formed to play the Vancouver Bar
racks team ol Washington next season.
• The San Francisco police rifle team will soon
begin a monthly contest for a medal offered by
Captain L. Siebe of Shell Mound. Arrange
meotshave b-'en made so that the proceeds
of the match will equip the police with new
rifles of a modern pattern.
. At the installation of r fficers of the Widows'
mnd Orphans' Aid Association of the Police
Department yesterday afternoon the police
choir made itsfirst public appearance, and the I
members acquitted themselves most credit- I
ably.
Mrs. Mcßoberts, once a resident of this city, |
where she was prominently associated with
the movement tor female emancipation, died!
in London on December 1. Her husband wrs !
formerly a newspaperman here and is now i
similarly engaged on the English metropoh- j
tan press.
David de Groat found the body of a man '
A floating in the bay at Lombard-street whnrf |
% >•'.)• terday and notified the Coroner's effiee.
\: be deceased wore at tne time of his sutmer
non a Prince Albert coat and a pair of black |
cloth pantaloons. Nothing was found in his
pockets which would give any clew to his
name.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club at Us
last meeting decided to admit l«dy marksmen
into the club, on an equal standing with tue
men. The club has prepared a fine shooting
proeramme for the season of 1897. Nearly
twenty medals and many large cash prizes are
offered on the rifle, musket, pistol, revolver
and small rifle mutches.
The great inter-repnblic match between
teams of 100 men oi the First Regiment, N. G.
C, and the HawaiVaa National Guard, was
held yesterday. The California marksmen
ihot at the Shell Mound Range and made a
total of 3952 points out of a jfDssib'.e 5000.
They were sadly handicapped- by the cold
weather. Some of the best shots selected did
not shoot.
, The quarterly meeting of the Merchants'
Association will be held at the Academy of
bciences Hall, 819 Market street, Thursday
evening, January 14. The special subjects for
discussion at the meeting will be "Past,
Present and Future Work for the Associa
tion," "Legislation Most Necessary for San
Francisco" and "Plans for a Better System
of Sewerage."
Ladies of the Maccubeeg.
Oa Tuesday the ladies of Alameda Hive held a I
pleasam and interesting meeting, at which then j
were pre?-en l visitors from the < akland and *an
i'ranciaco hives. Therj was an exemplification
of the floor and ritualistic work und^r th:« d'.iet
tion of Deputy Supreme Commander Mrs. Hen
r:tte. At the close of the meeting a 1 present were
invited to the residence of Mr-t. ishafer, lady c;.m-
mander of Alameda Hive, and i here partook of a
1 spread that had been prepared for them. A rum
i berof feir Kolfthu who bad been Invited joined
V\ the ladles and a peasant hour was spent. .Mrs.
. *<.oolc .was the recipient of a very handsome
Vfonvenir from the members of the hive as a totcen
of tb« esteem in which she is held by them.
Ibe embers of Mod in Hive of ban Francisco
held a meetiur on Sew Year's day and the meet
ing was attended visitors from local hives and
from hives in. AlameJit. .'One candidate was
Initiated and Mrs. H. Cook, D. H. C. belnj pres
•ent, gave a drill In the work. The business Hirel
ing win follov.<-d by a. new year's feas,t at the resi
dence or Mrs. Waddell, the lady commander of the
bive. During ibs evening Mrs. Cook received
from the ulve a very pr«uy present with withes
fora happy >tw Year.
POLICEMEN AS
SWEET WARBLERS
First Public -Appearance of
the Recently Formed
Choir.
Their Singing Exceeded the Most
Sanguine Expectations of
Their Friends.
Installation of Officers of the Widows'
and Orphans' Aid Association cf
the Department.
The fact was demonstrated yesterday
afternoon that in the Police Department
there are not only crack shots but crack
vocalists. The choir made their first pub
lic appearance and acquitted themselves
most creditably.
The occasion was the installation of offi
cers of the Widows'and Orphans' Aid Asso
ciation, which was held in Judge Joach
imsen's courtroom. The room was
Crowded with members of the association,
and several ladies and children were also
present.
Captain Wittman, the retiring presi
dent, in calling the meeting to order, said
the organization was one of the grandest
that mankind could take an Interest in.
It was organized for relief of the needy
and the widow and orphan, something
that must always be provided for. It bad
now been seventeen years in existence,
and during that period had paid out $119,
--900 to widows and orpnans of deceased
members. Id the past year alone it bad
paid out thirteen death benefits, amount
ing to over $14,000. The income for the
year bad been $7200, and the association
was still in good standing, having $17,000
in the treasury, with 570 members iv good
standing on the roll.
The dues were almost nominal, being
only $1 a month, and on death of a mem
ber his widow receives $1100. The captain
I was pleased to retire from office with the
association in such a splendid condition.
Now, that the choir had been formed, he
hoped that during the present year a
benefit would be got up lor the associa
tion, so as to increase the funds in the
i treasury.
Captain Wittman then installed the fol
lowing officers: President, Captan John
Spillane; vice-president, Lieutenant W.
j F. Burke; recording secretary, Charles
I Janes; financial secretary, £. H. Rankin;
j treasurer, Serjeant Jonn Duncan; trus
tees — Sergeants John W. iiotiit, Albert A.
Perrin and Abranain Houghialing, Cor
poral Henry Gleeson and Policeman O. C.
j Phillips. Each was greeted with applause
j und made bis litle speech of thanks.
"Now," said Captain Whitman, "iet me
! say that there has been an innovation dur-
I ing the past year in the formation of a
choir. The members have been practicing
a little under the direction of Professor
Ziliani' and l believe they are now ready
j to show what they can do."
Impresario W. J. J. Shaw announced
■ that the cnoir was ready. Professor Ziliani
i seated himself at the piano whicn had
i been provided for the occasion and the
j choir Btood up ready for business. Their
i names are: Sergeant M. O. Anderson, P.
i K. McGee, J. L. Murphy, W. W. Wilson,
O. C. Phillips, P. C. Peters. C. Peters, J.
Redmond, S. H. Rankin, J. L. Nelson, J.
\ P. Hightower, William Samuels, T. P.
Waist,, Corporal Henry Gleeson, Sergeant
! R. A. Marshall, L. Levingston, W. J. J.
• Shaw. M. Anderson, G. is. Baldwin and J.
J. Cougblin.
The piece selected for the opening
chorus was "A Dream of Peace." It was
i rendered in excellent time and the voices
! blended most harmoniously. A wild
J burst of applause greeted the conclusion
of the piece.
Then followed solos of different mem
j bers of the choir. M. Anderson sang 'The
j Heart Bowed Down" most artistically.
j He is possessed oi a full, mellow voice and
; uses it with rare judgment. He was fol
: lowed by M. Samuels, who sang "Say au
revoir but not good-bye' in hne style,
the choir joining in the chorus. Captain
Wittman recited "The Conductor's Siory"
I with fine effect and then came the great
est surprise of all. S. H. Kankin, tne
popular financial secretary, sang a selec
tion from "Lucrezia Borgia" in Italian
and literally brought down tbe bouse.
When be finished mere was a general yell
of delight and Joud calls lor an encore, 'but
be modestly declined. His singing was a
revelation. The other solos were: "Rocked
in the Cradle of tbe Deep," by Sergeant
Marshall; "My Home, My Heart's First
Home," by J. Redmond; "Answer," by
T. P. Walsh, and "Our Jack's Come Home
To-day," by Corporal Gleeson, all being
rendered in splendid style. S. H. Rankin
also gave a humorous recitation, "My
Long Lost Breeches"
President Spiiiane then called upon
Justice of the Peace Barry and the follow
ing members for brief speeches: Ex-tap
tain Short, ex-Sergeant Coles, Sergeant
j Bethel, Detective Bain bridge, Captain
j Gilien, Sergeant Conboy, Sergeant Hough
| taiing and T. R. Judson, who presented
I the president with a magnificent gavel
j made from manzanita wood, and the
1 president briefly responded with thank".
'' Most of tbe speakers said complimentary
; things of the choir which were well de
-1 served.
The proceedings terminated witb a
i chorus, "Leonore," by the choir, which
' was given with vim and precision.
AT THE THEATERS.
There Are Many Attractions for Those
Who Want to See Flays and
Players To-N'lght.
"The Old Homestead" is to continue at the
Baldwin Theater to-night with the same cast
tbat it was produced last week to very appre
ciative houses. It is one of those plays of
which people seem never to tire.
Joe Murphy will present anotner Irish play
to-night at the Columbia Theater. It Is the
old but ever fascinating one called "Kerry
Gow," in which Mr. Murphy, who is expected
to appear, has won much fame.
••The Land of the Midnight Sun," a highly
exciting and sensational melodrama, is to be
given at Morosco's Opera-house to-night. It
will oe put on with a great many novel stage
effects. ' *
The second edition of "Jack and the Bean-
Btalk" is what Mill be offered at the Tivoll
Opera-house. A number of new songs have
been introduced and much new dialogue sub
stituted.
George Osbourne is to appear to-nixht In
Clay Greene's "Chispa." and will assume the
character of fndian Jack. May Buckley will
appear as Chi«pa.
At the Orpheum to-night there will be a good
vaudeville bill presented, which will include
many specialties by artists that are new
to the patrons of the house.
At the Circus Royal this evening Mahara's
Original Colored Minstrels will appear and
render some of the old-time vocalizations that
will remind the hearers of days in the South
lou< ago.
The National Union.
The recently elected officers of California Coun
cil were installed with impressive ceremonies last
Wednesday eventug. ' Tlie , event was followed by
a banquet, at which there was cinch good cheer. -
Horn's School, at Burliugame, will reopen
January 5. Address Ira G. Hoitt, Pb.D. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
JAMES L. HALSTED
HAS PASSED AWAY
The Newly Elected School
Director Succumbs to
Typhoid.
Peaceful Termination of a Long,
Versatile and Use.'ul
Career.
He Was a Business Man, a Lawyer
and an Ardent Supporter of
Popular Education.
James Lafayette Halsted. School Di
rector and one of San Francisco's
most prominent and highly respected
citizens, is dead.
For a little less than three weeks Mr.
I Halsted had been confined to bis bed, at
first with a slight indisposition, wtaicn his
'family believed would be temporary, but
\ toward the end of last wee* his symptoms
i began to grow alarming. Nevertheless
i wh«n the day came for the School Board
I to be sworn in Mr. Halsted expressed a
desire to assume his obligation-, and an
accommodating: Justice of the Peace ad
ministered the oatb at bis bedside. Since
last Friday there was apparent evidence
1 oi" improvement until yesterday forenoon,
| when be weakened suddenly, and at 1:30
I p. m. be expired. His ailment was typhoid
| fever.
Mr. Halsted's career in California bas
been versatile and he has tilled many
positions witn marked ability.
He was bom in Oneida County, New
York, in 1831, and be would bave been 66
years of ape on the 13th inst. He received
a fair education, and for a short time en
gaged in scbnolteaching in bis native
town, though he was a mere boy when be
left there for California., This event oc-
James Lafayette Halsted, Re
cently Elected School Director,
Who Died Yesterday.
curred in 1850. He started out with an
uncle to make the trio around tbe Horn,
but en route bis uncle died, ana James,
then only 18 years of age, was landed
alone in bau Francisco, dependent on his
own resources.
He remained in this City only a few
months and then struck ont for the mines
of Calaveras and Amarior counties. He
eventually located near ihe town of Vol
cano, in Amador County, and here he was
immediately made a School Director. In
his official capacity he employed M. M.
Estee as teacher.
While in Volcano Mr. Halstedmet Miss
Mary E. Brown, who had come across the
plains with her parents from their Eastern
Home. In November, 1853, they were mar
ried and the widow survives him.
A year after bis marriage Mr. Halsted
left the mines where he had been suffi
ciently successful to eive him a small
working capital and went to Santa Cruz.
There for twenty-five years he was en
gaged in the lumber business with the
Watsonville Mill and Lnmber Company,
Daring all this time he maintained a
lively interest in school matters and was
almost continually a director. For the
four years prior to 1882 he was president
of the Santa Cruz Board of Education.
The year previous to his assuming tnis
office he represented the district in which
Santa Crnz is located in the Assembly.
About the year 1874 Mr. Halsted, feel
ing that he had acquired sufficient wealth
for his needs, and yet being of too active a
temperament to retire, decided to study
Jaw as an avocation. After a brief course
of study he was duly admitted to the bar
and entered into practice with Congress
man Barbam. In 1882 he came to San
Francisco, and the law firm of Barbara,
Boiton & Halsted was formed. Tbis
firm dissolved after two or three years'
practice, and in 1886 he engaged with his
four sons in the undertaking business. He
was actively engaged in this business up
to the commencement of his last illness.
Mr. Halsted was twice elected a
member of the San Erancisco Board of
Education. He was first honored by the
Republican party in 18£5, and served one
term, tie was again elected last fall, and
the bandsome majority which he received
attests his popularity.
Sir.cc 1860 the decedent had been an
earnest worker in Masonic affairs. He
was psßt master of Occidental Lodee No.
22, California Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., and
was a member of Golden Gate Com
innnderr, Knights Templar. Ho was a!so
a past sachem of Pocabontas Tribe, I. 0.
Police Choir in Department No. 3.
B. M., and he was a past dictator of Key
stone Lodge, Knights of Honor. He was
a member in gocd standing oi the Sons of
the American Revolution.
The bereaved ianiily consists of the
widow, Mary E. Halsted ; a daughter, Mrs.
D. W. Grover of Santa Cruz, and Major
William A., Jonn 8., Emil P. ana James
L. Halsted Jr., sons. The deceased has
two brothers living, Major E. P. Halsted
of Washington, D. C, anu George VV. Hal
sted of lowa.
The funeral will be held Tuesday at2:3o
p. M., from the Masonic Temple, corner of
Post and Montgomery streets. The serv
ices will be conducted by Occidental
Lodge, Golden Gate Commanaery Xo. 16,
Knights Templar, acting as escort.
WILL LIFT THE MORTGAGE
The Director* of the Hebrew Home of
the Aged and Disabled Render
Their -Report.
The annual meeting of the Hebrew
Home Society for Aged and Disabled was
held yesterday afternoon at 507 Lombard
street.
The report of the officers of the associa
tion as made yesterday shows that the
mortgage which incumbers the property
will be lifted before long.
President Polack after calling the meet
ing to order read his annual report, which
was full of details regarding his duties
and those of his co-workers. In conclu
sion he congratulated tbe subscribers for
their liberality and announced that the
association now bad sufficient money to
pay off tbe mortgage and own the home.
This announcement was greeted with
applause.
The cost of maintaining the fifteen in
mates during the year was $4204. Out of
this there was $634 40 expended in making
an addition to tbe building, the ex
pense per inmate for the year being
$212 95 or at ti.e rate of $17 55 t>er moDth.
The secretary and treasurer's report
j showed that at the end of the last annual
I meeting there was $421 63 on hand, since
j wnich time $9673 58 uad been received,
j making a total of $10,095 21.
The fair which had been held during
i the year for the benefit of the home
j yielded $2190 75 to this lund.
The election resulted in the choice of
the old officers in every case. They
are Samuel Polack, president: P. Abra
i ami, vice-presideni • Thomas Conen,
treasurer; Mrs. M. Kaskeil, secretary;
Mrs. Flora ' Israel Martin-, Wallace
Wise, I. D. Martin, H. Levin, Philip
Fabian and Miss Emelia Levy, directors. -
WATCHING FOR BUTLER.
Plans of the Police Department
to Receive the i.wan
hilda.
A System of Signals to Tell of H r
Approach Should She Arrive
at Night.
Chief Crowley is determined to leave
no stone unturned in order to catch Frank
Butler, the notorious Australian mur
derer. Yesterday afternoon the United
States revenue cutter Corwia sailed for a
cruise along tbe coast, and as she will be
on her way back to San Francisco about
tiie time tne Swanhilda is expected here,
an officer with the necessary duplicate
warrants went out on the cutter. Should
the Swanbilda be spoken at sea, the offi
cer will be put aboard and Butler will be
put in irons when the ship reaches port.
AH Chief Crowley's plans are well laid.
The officer on the Corwin was placed
there on tbe off chance, but according to
his arrangements with the towboat com
panies yesterday there is no possible
chance of the Swanhilda netting to an
anchorage without his knowing it. The
Chief and Sergeant Bonner went to the
{shipowners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company and the Spreckels Towboat
Company, and certain signals were agreed
upon.
If any of the company's tugs sight the
Swanhilda in the dark a certain number
of whistles will be blown and ti:e look-out
man at Point Lobos will at once notify the
Exchange, and the latter will inform Chief
Crowiey.
From the Chief's office the news will be
sent to Meiggs wharf, where the revenue
cutter Hartley will be in readiness night
and day. The police-boat will be lowered
and taken in tow by the Hartley. In the
Whitehall boat will be Sergeant Bonner
and Officer Ferguson, and at a moment's
notice their boat can be placed alongside
an incoming ship, and it would not take
long for such good boatmen as the two
officers to reach the deck.
When the Swanhilda is sighted the
proposition is to run the Hartley ont as
far as Point Bonita, if the weather be fair.
It a sea is on she will not go any furtin r
than >he fort and if it is blowing heavily
she will not venture further than Lime
Point.
"All the necessary precautions have
been taken," said Chief Crowiey yester
day. "It appears to me, however, that if
Butler is on board ibe Swanhilda when
that vessel is off the Farallones, he will
have no chance to l^ave her until she
ancuors in the bay. Of course, there is
always the 'attempt at suicide' to be
guarded against, and that contingency is
really why we are taking all these pre
cautions."
DAVIS CAUGHT AGAIN.
Detective Anthony Has Arrested the
San Jose Jallbreaker.
Detective A. Anthony, from a descrip
tion furnished the Police Department by
the Sheriff of San Jose, arrested George
Davis on Sacramento street yesterday
afternoon.
Davis is in receipt of a pension from the
Government for having served in the
navy during the late war, and in adaition
to this he has a penchant for picking up
things that do not belong to him. For
lhis act he was under a sentence of six
months' imprisonment in the San Jose
jail, from winch institution he escaped
last Wednesday and came to this City,
where be spent his last quartor's pension
in dissipation. His intoxicated condition
assisted the detective to recognize him. He
wiil be returned to the Garden City to
day.
The Good Templars,
.Evening Star Lodge is holding interesting and
instructive meetings and constantly adding to its
membership. The . watch-night ; meeting on New
Year's eve was* event success The iouge wil
bold an open meeting on the evening, of the 'JHilu
whan . the ltev. " Mr. Webb, O. C. X., w.U be pres ;
tnt. v.:v- T ~'yy . ■ , ; ■ ■ '
STORMS RAGING
ALONG THE COAST
Incoming Vessels Bring
Tales of Heavy Winds
and Waves.
Some Minor Accidents and the
Loss of a Man From the
North Bend.
A Water Front Cslebrity Wfco Had
to Huat for Carfare WifhVi
Knife and Scissors.
The storms that nearly wrecked the
American bark Fresno seem to prevail
along the coast. The bark Carrollton ar
iived yesterday with her cargo shilted, the
schooner North Bend lost a man overboard
during a heavy southeaster, the barken
tine Northwest fpcm Port BJakeley for
Newport had to put in here in distress
and tne whaleback City of Everett re
ported unusually heavy weather, which
kept the hull buried nearly all the time
and left nothing but the deckhouses out
of water.
The captain of the Carrollton reports
that on December 31 the vessel ran into
a strong southeast gale, which later on
shifted to southwest. The vessel iabored
heavily and the rudder was damaged.
The cargo shifted to port and for a time
the situation was precarious. Everything
came out all right with the exception of
tin.- list to port and the Carrollton brought
it in with her.
On January 3 the North Bend was in a
strong south breeze anu Captain Winkel
ordered reefs in what sail there was set.
While at work Fred Falk fell overboard.
The schooner was put about and in spite
of the heavy sea a boat was lowered, but
no trace of the "man overboard" could be
found. After the vain search the boat was
got aboard again and the schooner re
sumed her voyage.
The barkemine Northwest, from Port
Blakeley lor Newport, carried away her
rudder-bead on December 29, and her cap
tain decided 10 put in here for repairs.
The chances are that the cargo will be sent
south in another vessel and that the
Northwest will go on the drydock.
The ships Yoaemite and Occidental also
got in lust nitrtit, and the captains report
unusually heavy weather throughout the
entire trip.
The oarsmen about the water front want
to have a championship regatta in &an
Francisco on Washington's birthday. The
idea is to bring all the crack professionals
together and make a hanuicap out oi it.
Henry Peterson was approached yester
day, and agreed to enter it the race was
over a three-mile course. "The last time
I was in a handicap," said he yesterday,
"I had to give the last starter 20 seconds.
In ooiisequence I had to row my heart out
over a miie course in order to get any
where near first. Over a three-mile course
it would have been different."
A committee from the \ve«t Ends,
Dolphins, Ariels, South Ends and others
will go to Sacramento tliis week in order
to secure an|approt>riuiion for an inter
county regatta on February 22. Should
they succeed one oi the finest displays
ever witnessed on the bay will be given.
In anticipation of the event the naval
battalion has two crews in active train
ing and yesterday both of them were out
in barges. Tiiey made an excellent show
ing.
Mrs. Henry Peterson, wife of the cham
pion oarsman, got even with her lord and
master yesterday. Last Saturday ihe
champion played a practical joke on his
batter half and she vowed vengeance.
Henry was late yesterday morning and
tried to get into his coat in a hurry. He
found the sleeves sewed up. He looked at
his wife and laughingly said, "That's one
on me," and seizing another garment ran
up the hill for the car at the corner. He
boarded it, and just before he passed bis
own house on the down trip the conduc
tor asked for hi& fare. Henry dove down
to get the money, but couldn't get into
his pocket. His wite had seweu it up.
His wite and daughter viewed the whole
scene, but Peterson did not mind that so
much as having to stand the conductor off
until he could cut the sutches out.
Although this is midwinier cual is not
in demand. Ai the present time the supply
is more than abundant, and the mer
chants are taking full advantage of the
lay days on coal cargoes. At the present
lime ttiu British ships Langdale, Leicester
Castle and the wnaleback City of Everett
are taking turns under the Rosenfeld
bunkers. They have three different
ciasses of coal aboard and the consignees
are making storesMps out of them and
taking the coal as they want it.
The wrecker WiiiteJaw yesterday recov
ered the anchor lost by the bark Fresno
when she arrived last Saturday.
James McMahon & Sons are having a
hard time getting the bis gun intended
lor the fortification of Lime Point into
position. It has to be there by January
20 and is now only halt way up the hill. A
second gan? of men was sent over yester
day and the work will be pushed uight
and day until completion.
Two of t&re crew of the British warship
Pheasant deserted Jast Saturday night and
took with them a catamaran. The captain
is not so anxious about the sailors but he
does want the harbor poiice to recover, it
possible, his float.
LOS ANGELES' PAEKHUB3T.
Dr. Mcl.aine Consults With Bishop New
man Concerning His Church Debt.
Rev. Dr. McLaine who recently achieved
considerable fame by his active and some
what sensational crusade against thG
social evils of Los Angeles, has retnrned
to the southern ciiy after a ten days'
visit here. Dr. McLaice'a trip was par
tiaily for recreation and partially to con
sult with Bishop Newman, who is soon to
visit Los Angeles, in regard to the best
method of raising the debt upon the
i Tabernacle, where Dr. McLaine is now
I located. _
The Burmese are mentioned first as a
nation at the fonndation of the present
dynasty, in 1750 A. D.
WILL BE FORCED
ON THE STREET
Widow Morton and Her
Daughter Are in
Distress.
For Thirteen Years They Have
Occupied a Home on the
City's Property.
Only Ten Days in Which to Move
Their Belongings and Find
Another Habitation.
"If they would only give me just a few
months to try to prepare another habita
tion, then I wouldn't feel so broken
hearted at having to part with my little
home."
Those are the words uttered by the
Widow Morton yesterday afternoon, the
same little widow that has been given
ten days' notice to either move or have
herself and grown-up daughter, together
with their belongings, cast into the street. I
It would not take ten days to move the |
few pieces of household furniture that or
nament the Morton home. But where to
put that lurniture and where to go to find
another place mat they might call home,
there the difficulty lies, for the Mortons I
are poor, very, very poor.
Just thirteen years ago Mrs. Morton and i
her nusband, who was then living, paid
$200 for the little home that the widow |
will soon be forced to abandon.
It was a sort of ramshackle affair in
those days, but the thrifty little housewife
soon made the place habitable.
With strict economy a few dollars wdie
laid aside, and later they were all put into
the little house — a couple of rooms were
added — and things seemed to look brighter
to the members of that little household.
But six years ago the lather sickened
and died, and when grief entered that
home poverty seemed to take on a sterner
aspect. A pension of $8 a month was paid
to the widow, lor her husband had Deen a
Grand Army man, and for many a long
day thai $8 supported both mother ana
daughter. The latter was delicate and
couldn't wors, but she used to go down to
the wharves ana gather the siray bits of
lumber find the few pieces of coal dropped
from the carts, and in that way saved a
fuel Dill.
Then the mother secured employment
atcieiining out the kindergarten schools
and very often the food that she would
gather from the barrels in the schooi
yards for her chickens would be
snared by her and the daughter, for $8
a month does not permit a very luxuri
ous table.
She didn't retain her position in the
schools very long, for one day a friend of
herd was leit a widow, with three small
boys io support and liou~e rent to pay
and, Mrs. Morton realizing her friend's po
sition, offered her work, which was gladly
taken.
Just before the holidays great prepara
tions went on in the Morton household,
for the only daughter was to be marnea
on Christmas day, and the interior of the
home was papered and painted, a carpet
laid in the sitting-room— the only carpet
the house had ever boasted — and every
thing was made as nice as possible for
the son-in-law that was to make his home
with them.
And then, when contentment seemed to
come at last into that little home, sud
denly and as unexpectedly as a thunder
bolt from the skies came an order from
the Board of Supervisors inferming them
that their house rested upon tbe street
and mnst be removed within tea days.
The house is too old to be moved, and
to be torn down means such a loss to the
Morton family. As the widow said yester
day: '"I am nearly 70 years old, and after
years of hard struggling to be thrust out
of my home is more than terriDie, and I
Know my mind cannot bear the strain."
Then the poor woman who had met with
so many misiortunes and bowed to many
sorrows buried her face in her hands and
liEW TO-DAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO I
BLACK GOODS 1
HOUSE I
Offers the following; inducements B
to purchasers of Black tj
Fabrics. " ||
EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS. I
45-inch Figured Mohair Suiting, I
; In 6 different elaborate aeeigns, f|
real value 75c, Ej
Reduced to 35c yard. 1
48-inch Lizard Mohair Novelty, I
J Kea! value $ LOO, " ||
Reduced to 65c yard. |
56-inch Cheviot Storm Serge, 1
Heal value $1.00, Fl
Reduced to 60c yard. 1
48-inch Fancy Etamioe Canvas 1
Suiting, I
Anew fabric, 1.50, fi
Reduced to 85c yard. |
1000- PIECES OF BLACK TO B
SELECT FROM. M
' . - sl
R. T. REMEDY COSPASI. |
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.. fl
- Telephone Grant 518. El
KEW TO-L AT- AMUSEMENTI.
. O'Farrell Street, j.e: tri»<»-i Stoclcton and Powa;i.
Week Commencing Monday, Jan. 11.
ATTRACTIONS *.X>RA« RDINARY.
FAMOUS Rolls- MICIRI..II CIRT OHCIIKSTKA,
Under the Direction or P. K. Matin, the Most '
* i Famed Clarionet V rtuoso In All Kurope.:
The Latest European Novelty, URCTE.VAST
Y Ob Germany's Greatest Ventri.oqnist. ' .
I 'Continued success of NILSSON's AEKIAL
KiKAIiKY'S GRAND OPKItA BALLE IS. .
. And the Greatest of Vaudeville Artists.
- Reserved Seats, '25c; Balcony lue; Opera cnairs ■
and Box Sea s, 50c. ■:' '■ r " ' ■
/.The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert In the Orphrum Annex after the
regular performance i nth c auditorium-
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7A. H. to 6P. 31. ''
Bathing, Including Ad mission— Adults
. -v 2sc, Children 20c. - •■'''•.;
NEW TO-DAT.'
I Naked Pills i
] are fit only, for naked say- |'
i ages. Clothes are the marks <j>
\ of civilization — in pills as well c<[
{ l as people. A good coat does (]>
1 1 not make a good pill, any more | !
( ? than good clothes make a good (< [
|^ man. But as sure as you'd §'
1 1 look on a clothesless man as a Vk
J) mad one, you may look on a d|
ja coatless pill as a bad one.
k After fifty years of test no ( ( i
]') pills stand higher than
AVER'S
<| Cathartic Pills |
SUQAR COATED.
sobbed and sobbed. The worry of losinsr
ber home has broken her down physically
and mentally.
Order of B'ne B'rith.
The following-named fcave be->n elected officers
of Pacific Lcdse for the ensuing term: lsador
Cohc, M.-. William Geist, F.: & Olucksman.V. P.J
J. Gans, secretary (fifth term); A. Kaplan, T.; D.
Davis, A. M.; P. Harris, W.; G. Bearwald. o. O.;
Henry Schwartz, D. Davis, L. Meizger, trustees:
H. P. Bush, hall director; Marc Newman, M. P..
medical examiner; Henry senwartz, H. P. Bush,
Louis Metzger, W. tieist, Julius Newman and Jsa
dor Cohu, representatives to the District Grand
Lodge.
Theoflicers of Unity aud Montetiore lodges were
insta lea oy 11. P. :»te:n. V. P., o i -Monday: those
of Cremieux and Columbia by E. Bare, V. P.,- the
same night; those of occidental Lodge by F. Sper
ling, P. P. : tbosi- of Modln Lodge by K. Bare, V. P.,
on me same nignl, and on Wednesday and Thurs
day the vice-pi evident installed ihe ulncen of
Go. den Gate. Ophir. Pacific and California lodges.
At tne Modin insia.iauon the miring president,
E. Cook, was presented a diamond-set locket.
At the L'aliiornla installation J. L. i-ranklin,
whose term as president expired, was presented a
hanusome locket containing the likenesses of his
grandchildren.
NEW , TO-DAY.
One advertisement ought
to make you say to your
grocer:
" Give me a package oi
Schillings Best tea, if you
can really afford to return
my money when I don't like
it."
A Schilling & Company
KJETW TO-DAT-AMUSEKENTS.
'rRICDLAWUICOTTLODft G>- itxtiAMtwui'jm—
TO-NIGHT ~T THE LAST
BEGINS I «tl)KOt
||F\ l^K°^m
'•W*£ * cJOSEPIi ©
JLS MURPHY
Snpportea by His ■ .
. NEW TOKK STOCK COMPANY
In the Greatest of All Irish Dramas. .
"A Comedy Drama Without An Equal."
Presenting Not Only Realistic Pictures of Life
and Love in trie Kmerald Isle, but an
Kvery-day Tale in Every mnl.
Kext Monday— THK DEVIL'S AUCTION!
BALDWIN THEATER.
Al H a ym a n- it Co, (Incorporated ) Proprte:o: i
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Last Performance* of the Successful Revival of
DENMAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAY,
THE OLD HOMESTEAD
AN EXCELLENT CAST.
The Original Old Homestead
-•■-••■ Doable Quartet.
SUPERB SCENIC ENVIRONMENTS.
- Novel Electrical Effects.
Tuesday, January 19,
Ljll_iljl-A.2ST NORDIOA
. . , 3-CONCEKTS ONLY— 3 ,
TIVOLf OPERA-HOU62
Ernestine Ksihxi. Proprietor a MAj.^it:
■ THIS EVENING
THE SECOND EDITION
Of Oar Triumphant Ho'iday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SONGS.
TVT? IV DANCES.
l>rj»» BALLETS.
SPECIALTIES.
THE DANCING COW.
The Growing Beanstalk. Electric Janissaries.
THE BEAUTEOUS TRANSFORMATION -
"THE BIRTH OF THE ROSE."
BRING THE CHILDREN.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE. .
ronu!'- Price 5. ...,.....250 ■•»•! SO"!,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL'iKK MuROSCO. ..Sole Lessee and 3lan»;*:
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
! ■ Of the Tin Hli nit Icelandic Melodrama.
LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN
A SPECTACULAR PLAY, COMBINING
PATHOS AND CUMEDY.
Reappearance of JOHN J. PIEBsON in Hli
> nginal Character of "JASON OKBY."
i Volcanic Eruptions and Karthqua<es-'
Wonderful Aurora Borealis!
Kvenln» Prlceji— i.»o. i'c anil "> » !.
Alatinees Saturday and Sunday.
HI A Ml A II crowds TUNNED
111 liil/uK AWAY LAST WEEK
flfcUflfcflll & STILL THEY COME
'l'O-.SItiHTT~ TO-NIGHT!
GHI^BPA!
Produced with a wealth of scenery.
| ■ See the mountain stream wor-: the «awaiill. just
! as in the days of '-.9. Realistic pictures of DEATH
I VALLEY and THE MOUNTAIN GOBGK.
GEORGE OSBOURNE I HUGO TOL AND
as "Injun Jack." ! and all the favorites.
Matinee prices, 15, 25, 85s, Kv'sr. 15. 25, 35, 50c
, . Seats by Telephone— Black 991. ■
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
COMMENCING MONDAY. JAN. 11.
> Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
DARKEST AMERICA V
MAHIUA'S REFOED MWSTRELS!
35— COLORED • ARTISTS ! 33
' — — -Headed tor the Only ■
BUjTjTT T"OITNG!
Parade at Noou Daily-^ — -10c, 2Oc, 3i)c.
i ~~~ "
DICING! RACING! RACING I
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — -
MEETING. 1596-97.
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
xhurstlay, ■ Friday and Saturday.
' < - Bin or Shine. ' -
FIVE OB MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at £:15 P. M. Sharp— -
- Ferry Boats If aye San Francisco at la m. «irt
X2:3l»."l .00, 1:30, 2:')0, 2:30 and 3 P. m.. connect-
ing wiLU trains stopping at the entrance to tract.
Buy your ferry tickets 10 shell .Mound. -■<
Re:urnlng-Tr«:im leave tde Tiaci at 4:15 aal '
4:45 *». m. and Immediately after the lass race. -
■-*■-• THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR, PreiiUeafc
B. B. MILBOY, secretary.
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Eastern Star.
Oakland Chapter celebrated its first anni
versary in Masonic Temple, Oakland, last
Thursday. There was a good number in at
tendance, including visitors from Golden
Gate, Ivy, Mission, Golden Wave and Truckeo
chapters, besides Grand Secretary Kate S.
Willats and oilier grand officers, also District
Deputy Grand Matron Mrs. Geiberson end
Worthy Patron Foster of the Chapter at Del
Norte. Letters of regret at inability to be
present were read from Worthy Grand Patron
Taj'scott and Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Ella
T. Hall. During the evening there was an ex
emplification of the work, and later on a
pleasant hour was spent around the banquet
table.
Mission Chapter met last Saturday night and
received twenty applications.
There is some talk of organizing a chapter
in the Western Addition under the auspices
of King Solomon's Lodge.
It is expected that the proceedingsof the last
Grand Chapter will be ready ior distribution
by the end of the current month.
Mrs. Mary K. Donoho, crand secretary of the
order of the Rebetahs. is a candidate for ad
mission into Ivy Chapter.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
l/nity Ixxige had a public installation of its offi
cers last Tuesday, and it was a grand exhibition
of tne work by V. I>. Dudley, D. D. G. M.. and his
assistants. During the evening there was an ad
dress by William K. Barnes, P. G. M., and a musi
cal and literary programme.
The same evening the officer* of Golden Gate
Lodge were publicly installed by Deputy L. C, Mer-
Bhon.
Deputy Mrs. H. G. Peterson installed the officers
of Oriental Rebekah Lodge on Wednesday, and
after the ceremony there was a dance.
Tne same deputy installed the officers of Loyal |
Kebekah Lodge in the presence of the grand mas
ter, the grand secretary and Mr*. M. K. Donoho,
grand secretary of the Rebekahs. Mrs. Tillie Hut
ton, the retiring >". 0., was presented a handsome
regalia.
The Veterans will hold a meeting on the 25th
inst.
Fountain Lodge of Oakland will install Its offi
cers to-nisiit.
The officers of Oriental Encampment were In
stalled lasi week by Deputy J. A. Foster. The
Patriarchs Militant were present in a body.
All the lodges of Sacramento met in one hall
last Wednesday and (he officers of each were In
stalled by Deputy McGray and his staff. The
grand master and the graud secretary were pres
ent. '
Grand Secretary Shaw has received from Japan
a very handsome piece of embroiuery In gold and
colors, which represents m.l the symbols of Odd
Fellowship. It is a magnificent piece of work.
1 ht- following named were installed officers of
Berkeley Lodge by J. A. Boynlon. D.G. M.: Mark
P. Glerrlne, .V. G. : G. A. shuster. V. G ; C. A.
Uiernne. S. ; J. Chappie. T. : John Striker, K. X N.
G. : O. K. Noack, US. X. G.: J. Kyus, K. IS. V. G.;
R. Cameron, L. S. V. G.; A. H. Broad, conductor;
M. K. Kulken, W.; J. P. Sather, I. G.; E. A.
Lund, O. G.
A Ken oral invitation has been extended to the
members of the order to attend the installation of
the fo lowing named officers 01 Hobor Lodge, w'esi
O:iklan i, on next Wednesday nUht: F. L. Gove,
K. <i; K. L. Talbot, V. G.; W, W. Neal, S.; J. L.
Barnes, P. S.. aud R. «. Graham, treasurer.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Grand Recorder Hirshberg left for Chicago last j
Thursday to attend a meeting of the Supreme j
Lodge relief committee, to be held to-day. Call- j
iorniu has a c aim for $160,000.
Magnolia Lovjfe had its officers Installed last ;
Mondty by Deputy John Sinn, after which [
Recorder J. Hoesch, on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented a nandsome diamond stud to Jacob Davis,
tae retiring mas er workman.
On Tuesday evening duty iolge gave an enter
taining smoker to its friends, who crowded the
lodserooni to its capacity. There was a piano solo
by Harry J. Lssk; song. W. K. Wagner; comic
vocalization, E. Hanson; presentation of a watch
aud chain aud emblem of the order to L. J.
Parker, miring master workman, by Dr. Laywalt,
G. M. E.. on behalf of the lodge; songs by Kelly
and Marlow: address by E. Danforth, G. L ; duet
by :-ather and Everett; address oy Gra.id Recorder
Jiirslioer.;; duet, Martin aid Lee Solomori, also j
specialties by Lee Solomon; t>ong, P Abrauanwin f
Jr.; duet, Menuel and White; trio. Kelly, Marlow
and H>ii sen; comic song, Charles Miller, and
comic recitation, Charles Mliler. As a result of
this imoker, which w»s voted a great succ ss,
wt-my-tivc applicatinn* were received. The lod-^e
expects to initiate fiity laudiuaies on tae 'J6th
inst.
Ihe California Workman, the official organ of
thi? order, has opened a free employment bureau
for the unemployed of the order in this City.
Last. Wednesday the grm.l master, assisted by
F. s. Poland. U. G. M , Deputy Wells and the Pa
cific drill team. Instituted Palo Alto Lodge in the
town of that Dame. The lodge has thirty charier
members. Ma.fl Id lodge with thirty charter
members was insli.uted on Friday by Deputy
Grand Mestt-r Poland and Special Deputy Wells.
special lmmes has reorganized Alnambra Lodge
witu a aree membership.
Woodland Louge will initiate a large class of
cai.didates to-morrow evening when F. S. Poland.
li. <.. M. W.i *ili give tlie screeu work aud he will
be assisted by Specla. Deputy McPherson.
Degree of Honor.
The meetins of Jvy Lodge last Wednesday
evening was unusually Interesting and was well
attended, there being visitors from Dawn of Hope,
Silver Star, Silver Spray ana Minerva lodges
present. During the evening there was initiated
one candidate, but the event was the installation
of the officers: Mis. Maude Mowe, P. C. of H. ;
Mrs. >L L. Hodges. C. of H.: Mrs. A. E. Parkin
son, L. of H. ; Mrs. Sadie Carr, C. of C. ; Mrs- Ida
M. Bradley, R; Mrs. A. F. Ingersoll, F. : Mrs.
Clara A. Mitchell, receiver; Mrs. L zzle Wilkin
son. U. ; Mrs. M. S. Klopecit, I. W.; J. Jorgenson,
(). W.-, ,Dr. 8. G. Tucker, M. E. ; and Mrs. Louise
Holmes, organist, by District Deputy Mrs. Eva
Cogaa, in that periectnesi of manner that has
characterized that lady's «or». There was a pre
set,ta.iou of an emb.eoiatlc brooch to Mrj. Moore,
P. c. at H., aud one to rs. iiucheil, who earned
the title ot P. of C. by huvlng served three years
is receiver. The lodge is i«* a flour. shing con
dition, and on the U9th it will give an entertaiu
ment lor the benefit of the drill team.
Minerva. Lodge will meet to-rconow night in its
new quarters in Hollz's Hall, West End. Alameda.
Native Son* of the Golden Went.
1 he officers of Piedmont Parlor will be publicly
installed on the 15th Inst., and those of Halcyon
Parlor will be Installed also in public on the 19th.
These parlors, loefcted in Alameda County, are
hard at work preparing programmes, aud each
i jpK-ts to do belter than the other.
To-morrow evening J. P.. Knowland, D. D. G. P.,
will insta 1 the oflic-rtof Athens Parlor., and a
number of the grand officers have accepted an
invitation to be pres -nt. A number of cand dates
will receive from v team from Oak land Parlor the
beautiful Oriental degree.
Grand Ora.. or Conley will officially visit Mrnlo
I'arlor on Wednesday, when there will be an in
stallation of officers, initiation of new members
and a banquet, quite enough tor one night. E. s.
flute, is president and F. W. Kugler secretary of
this parior.
F- A. Light, D. D. G. P., will install the officers
of Cuico Parlor this week, after which a victim
Will receive the Coyote degree. Argonaut and
«.ridley uar.ors will v.stt Cbico I'arlor in a body
that night.
Wednesday night California Parlor will install
Its officers, J. fc.. O'Donnell being the installing
officer, several candidates will be Initiated tnat
night
California Parlor received from Us committee,
composed of J J. Jamison, Frank Xt Kyan and
t£ iiloom. a ser.es • I resolutions eulogistic of its
late piMident. Michael seii^sohn, and ordered the
B«me spread on the minutes or the par. or and a
copy sent to the relatives oi the deceased. The
ciiart.-r was oraeied draped In mourning for
thirty days.
K. Meir of Stanford Parlor, D. D., Itis'alled the
following named officers of Alcalie Parltr la»t
Weunesday Iv a very able manner: J. B. Acton,
P.P.; Wl.iiam Fenstermacher, P.; L. S. Graves,
K. T. irowue, W. Wilcox, vne-president^: 11.
Morton, K. B.; R. H. Hessidn. F. S. ; A. Laederich.
;«.; J Port, r, I. s. : K. Korten, O. s.: a. Kah
wyier, T. ; Di J. Gallwey and Dr. F. T. Bond, sur
geons J. Mamie Jr. the retiring president, was
ihe recipient of a handsome >.old badge. A colla
lion and refreshments follow ej the ceremouies.
'1 his parlor will g.ve its seventh anniversary boll
o.i February 12.
Native Daughters of the Golden Went.
Golden Stale Parlor has installed its officers for
the ensuing term, the work being per or me 1 oy
Mrs. Anna Simpson of Buena Vista Parlor, acting
as v. D. G. P.. assisted by Mrs. Annie Mayer of
Alta Parlor as G. ».; Mr». Lillian Carlie of La Es
trelio as P. G. P. ana Miss Emma Dellwig of Oro |
Fino I'arlor as G. M. The officers are: Mlsa Mil
lie Tieijen, P. P.; Mis 3 Louisa Hay essen, p.; Miss
Lulu F'ahrenkrug, Miss Bertha Bruce and Mrs.
.N.-ilic Lester, vice-presidents; Miss Johanna
Merer, H. B. : Miss Lena Ducker, F. S. ; Miss An
nie May berry, M.; Miss Louise Meyer, I. 8.: Miss
IMan.ie liaguire. O. 8.; Kosa Day, Lillle Uhligh.
FINANCIAL. :
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
AVMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954-
-' ' ' ' i CF.NTKA 1, OKKICK ■ :
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
• Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339. •
PUKI>Y & ATKINSON Managers. ' j
' Orders instantly executed on latest ' market quo-
■_> tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. ■:-
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIKK, NEW
-Freda yon staden, trustees. At the close of the
Installation a handsome opal and diamond ring
was presented to BCiu Millie 1 letjen, the retiring
president, after which a pleasant social evrnln*
was spent, refreshments being servea at tete-a
tete tables and vocal music wm given by Mrs.
Annie Simpson, recitat on by Mr<. Carlie aud in
strumental music by Miss Pabrenkrug.
Mis* Kosa Day, D. D. G. P., a prominent mem
ber of Golden state Parlor, installed the officers of
Santa Kosa Parlor last Monday evening. During
her stay in the City of Hoses the deputy was well
entertained.
Oro Flno Parlor bad ifs officers Installed for the
current term by Mrs. J. A. Stelnbacb, O. D. D.,
assisted by Mils E. A. Spencer, the work being
done by Mrs. steinbach in a manner that cannot
be excelled and creating a deep imiretsion on the
new officers. The officers are : Mrs. M. A. Duke,
P. P.; Miss Mclaughlin, P.; Miss A. Hlnck, Miss
L. Laws aud Mrs. Kapp, vice-presidents: Miss
Dellwig, F. S.: Miss M. J. smith. K. s.; Miss
Mulcay, T.: Mrs. Wright, M. : Miss Murphy. I. S:
Miss Henrix. O. -.: Mrs. Church. Miss J. Stark
and Mil) M. Hlnck, trustees. Miss Duke, the re
tiring president, was the recipient Of the parlor's
esteem. Dancing and a collation followea the
ceremony.
Improved Order of lied Men.
Frederick Brandt, P. G. s., assisted by M. I*
Wheeler, D. v., raised up the following chiefs of
Bald Eagle Tribe last week: J. P. Maguire. S. ;
K. >mith; P.: J. Mad-on, s. s.; T. Itoehe, J. S. ;
A. J. Ermark, s. Hotbbcrg, Morris Haas and
John BreDjord. w arriors; A. Smith. K. C. Fleischer,
John Brockweklt and E. Gi.bert, braves; C. O.
fcwanson, G. of W., and D. E. Magrusen, G. of ¥.
It was a large and enthusiastic audience that
met in Twin Peaks Hall last F'rlday and listened
to the very instructive lecture delivered by Great
Chief of Records C. F. Burgman under the
auspices of the order. The lecturer talked of the
country from the time of Washington to the
present and told much that created a deep Im
pression on the minds of nis hearers. The lecture
also dealt with the order and was illustrated wuh
beautiful stereopticon views.
On Friday next Gn-at Propbet Jackson and
Great Chief of Records Burgman will go to An
gels, Calaveras County, to institute a tribe there
with forty charter members.
Last Weouesilay there was a large meeting in
the wigwam of Manzanl'a Trib~. There was a
presentation by J. B. Gr, tilths, P. S., of a very
handcome watch charm to F. J. Fuller, the retiring
sachem, and Henry A. Chase, P. G. 8., presented
to Deputy M. i_* Wheeler a very flue bodge, show-
Ing the various colors of the degrees in recognition
of many kind services. There were prest-m: F.
Brandt, P. G. S.; C. P. Rurgman, G. C. of H. : F. D.
Brandon, Witliam Nutall anil W. J. Follet, past
sachems: C. H. Parrisn, D. G. S.; W. H. Hin
dle of Araj ahoe and H. J. Hoey of Modoc Tribes.
A new tribe will be Instituted in Ked Men's Hall
on the 241h inst.. with fifty charter members. It
will be located In Twin Peaks Hall.
ii. B. Jennings, D. G. S-, raised the chiefs ot Ara
pahoe Tribe ast Friday. They ar<-: C. W. Marie. t,
s.; a. B. Long, s. s.: J. W. oWelll, J. S.: J. *'ou
zar. P.; M.L. Tieruey, C. of X: J. a. Delnney, C.
of W.; R E. Cole, R. of W.; M. Gilmore, G. of \V.;
M. Keiley, G. of F.
Knights of Pythla*.
Under the laws of this order no member is per
mitted to engage in the retail liquor business. If
a member subs<quent to his admission engages in
that vocation, either as owner of a saloon or as
bartender, his lodge must expel him, and a lodge
failing to do so would be iv danger of having its
charter revoked.
Bar City Lodge received five applications last
Wednesday and installed iv officers, A. Hoff
man, the retiring chancellor commander, was the
recipient of a very handsome jewel of the P. C,
rank. At the close of the lodge refreshments
were served and addresses made by G. H. Morri
son. Hey. M. s. Levi-, J. D. Abrams and others.
A delegation of the L'mfo:in rank visited Koma
Lo Ige on Tuesday evening A result of this visit
will in all probability be the organization in that
lod;{e of a compHiiy of the rmiK.
The team of C'uuy Lodge conferred the Knight
rank, long form, on several applicants before Mars
Lodge on, Tuesday, Mid the work was aone in a
wry satisfac orv manner.
On Frldav the grand officers wer» received by
Erueka Lodge, its officers installed and a colla
tion was serve I.
William Quinton of Sacramento, D. G. C, has
returned from the springs greatly Improved in
hea th. During his ab-ence the duties of h.s office
were crtditaWy filled by Chris Wilke.
The Supreme tiibunai will meet in In llanapolis
February 3. to determine cases brought before it.
Knights of Honor.
This is the season of Installation and the grand
officers are kept very busy, often having to Install
the officers of three lodges In one nljht.
There was a large attendance In the hall of
Polar Star Lodge last week to listen to an addre«s
on ••Temperance" by Philip Prior, P. D. During
the same evening the mem ocrs of the lodge were
addressed by Grand Dictator Archibald.
V-rba Buena Loave initiated a candidate last
Monday and received two applications. The
lodge will be visited by the grand dictator 10-nHht.
I On Tuesday the officers of Norman Lodge were
installed by R. A. A. Summers, D. G. D., assisted
by J. \V. Rour<e, P. G. 1). : W. j. Thorn son, G. A.
D. ; T. Johnstone, G. P.: J. A. Lawrence, D., and
W. s. Pierce, D. The ceremony was followed by a
banquet.
On Tuesday Center Lodge of Berkeley received
six applications, and its officers were installed by
Grand Dictator Archibald assisted by M. L. Crowe,
B. R.
Knights and LadieK of Honor.
Assessment 449 has been levied for the current
month and the same Is payable on or before the
31s: inst.
Grand Protector T. A. Lander is guile i!l at his
resilence in Sacramento.
Grand Secretary S. B. Carleton paid a visit to
Berkeley Lodge last week and he was warmly
welcomed.
Aurora Lodge Initiated three candidates last
Monday and installed the following officers for
the current term: Annie C. Lorenzen, P. P.:
Mary B. Price, P.; Mary t. Witterman. V. P. ;
Lillle B. Ilolcomb, R. 8.: 1 Izzie A. Rapp, F. s.:
Dr. A. 8. Cook, T. ; Minnie Billingslea. C.; Ruth
Fraser, O.: Christian Lorenzun, guard; Bell Lee,
sentinel; Fanny Igo. organitt.
The following named officers of \nrba Buena
1 odge of San Jose were installed last Wednesday:
E. .Green. P. P.: J. C. McDonald, P.: \V. V.
Bollinger. V. P.; Miss Rita McGlyno, C. ; Miss M.
McCar.hy, G. ; M, A. McUonafd, R. s. : O. J.
Peters, F.S.: A. L. Hubbaio, T. : Ira Pontius,
guardian: William Kane, S. ; Miss M. Talbot,
Mrs. Xi Vaidez and K. B. ureen, trustees.
Order of Chosen Friends.
The initiatory team initiated one candidate for
Social Council last week and eleven for Sunset
Council on last Saturday. On the loth it will ini
tiate about twenty for Juantta Council of Oakland
and on the '28th wni do the work for Crystal Coun
cil.
The officers of Teutonla Council were installed
by Deputy Miller last Monday. Belmont Council
by special dispensation will give a leap-year party
on the "JHd inst.
L»st WednesHy Deputy Hartley Installed the
officers of Sncramento Council, assisted by Grand
Recorder Wallls, Grand Councilor Boehm, Vice-
Councilor Thiel, F. W. Day, U. T.. and E. I. Wo;fe,
B. R. Mrs. L. Vice, the" retlr.ng councilor, was
presented on beha'.f of the council with a very fine
gold jewel. A collation followed.
Franklin Council initiateJ four candidates on the
2d inst.
The grand councilor and the grand recorder will
go to Woodtand on the 18th inst., when there will
be a joint meeting or Wood laud and surprise coun
cils and the new officers will be Installed.
social Council will hold an open meeting on the
14th inst.
Toung Hen* Institute.
Grand President Gallagher has announced the
following visitations: January 20, iSantn Bar
bara; 21, Los Angeles; 22, San Diego: 24, Kan
Luis Obispo: 25, Salinas: 26, CMtroviile; H7, Wat
nonvllle; 28, Monterey; 29, Gilroy, and 30, San
Jose.
M. M. Estee will lecture on "The Groundwork
of Onr Liberty" before Washingiou Council, in
Metropi litun Hall, on the 18th Inst.
The Sheridan Clui> will give an entertainment
In Mission Parlor Hall on the 16 li Inst.
At a recent meeting of Mount Taioma Council
Deputy Supreme President Rev. Fa her E. j.
ODea, « ho was in the vicinity, went to tne meet
ing-place of the council and paid a fraternal visit
aud deli vend a short, address.
La t Wednesday the grand p-estdent and Deputy
C. I. Hughes visited the council at S ockton and
Installed Its officers. The preMdent is J. D. Har
klus; secrciary, J. J. Roan: executive committee,
A. Chisbolm, G. Chi ieri and A. V. scanlan. A
banquet followed the ce-rmony of Installation.
Ignatian t ouncfl has completed arrangements
for the grand ball it will give ou the 22d in
Native Sons' Hall.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Branch No. 7 will give a musicale on the even
ing of the 25th of February.
The officers of Branch No. 1 were Installed in a
very impressive manner by Deputy Miss Anna
Powers last Monday.
The officer* of Branch No. 2 were. Installed by
MissM. Teeny, deputy. Ihe rearing president,
Mint Kate Desmond, was the recipient of a hand
some emblematic piu.
Foresters of Americw,
J. s. W. saunders. grand sub-chief ranger, will
officially visit Court Justice on Monday evening
and Court Shell Mound, in (.- olden Gate, on next
Thursday evening.
Among the visitors in the grand secretary's
office during the past week were Abe Wilson, C.
R., and J. C. Ing Jr., P. C. R., of Court Capital of
California; Charles O. Root, P. C. R. of Court
Sacramento, and Ellas Holden of Ban Jose, grand
senior beadle of this jurisdiction.
Ihe officers of Court • astmvllle No. 149 were
Installed on last 'luesday evening by George
Wagner, D. G. C. R., «.*»lsied by H. V. Mueller 1'
C. R. of Court sania Lucia, In Salinas. A banquet
was served later Iv ihe evening
J. W. Geeslin, li G. C. X.. assisted by Past Chref
Rmuers Join Morris, C. A. Root, J Alexander G
G. ugjc, li. L. Kemltzer and J. C. Ing Jr., Installed
the newly elected officers of Court Capital of Cali
foroLa-on i» s t Monday evening, in full amplified
form, in the presence of the many friends of the
cywer In F'oresiers' Hall, Sacramento. Tbe fol
lowing were installed: Fred HarrU, J. P. C. R. ;
Abe Wilson, C. X. ; A. W. Cam bell, S. C. R.; J. H.
DoUd, treasurer; W. H. Collins, financial aecre.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
tary: Phil Hir-cn, recording secretary: W. W.
Mott, a W.i S. C. Lancaster, J. \V.: J. Richaras,
s. 15.; A. Hubert, J. B. ; H. Rubenstem, trustee;
Dr. F. G. Fay, physician. An interesting pro
gramme followea tbe installation. A.i eloquent
and emerialning address on the history and
principles of the order was delivered by H. W. M.
Ogg, past grand sub-chief ranger.
Companions of the Forest.
After the Installation of the officers of Robin
Hood Circle on last Wednesday evening the retir
ing treasurer. Mrs. M. Weasel, was presented with
a handsome gold jewel and a beautiful basket of
flowers as a token of the appreciation of the circle
for the four years of constant and active service in
that office.
The circles in Oakland certainly appreciate the
services of their presiding officers. Last Wednes
day evening the retiring chief of the Oakland Cir
cle, Mrs. Davis, was presented with a handsome
jewel by Miss A. D. Bremer. grand secretary, on
behalf of tbe circle: aud on Thursday evening
Mrs. ¥. Jacobs, ihe retiring chief of the United
States of Aineilca Circle, received as a token of
appreciation a v-ry handsome jewel, the presenta
tion being made by Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand chief
companion.
Last Wedneiday Inter Nog Circle had Its offl
ceis installed by Mrs. L. J oeter, D. D. C. C as
sisted uy E. Chamberlain of Bonte Circle. The
officers are Mrs. J. J. -Seely, whose services as
cnli'f companion were so well appreciated ma she
was re-elected lor a second leriu: Mis. C. Peddle,
S. C. : Mrs. E. iiardngtuw, F. h. : M. Forest, R. S.:
Mrs. L. Kirschner, T.: Miss Mac Jennings, K. G.;
Miss Lizzie Donaidsou, L. U.J Miss hi. Gaui, I. G. ;
Mrs. M. Cain. O. G. The ceremony was loilowed
by a ounce given In honor of Thomas Blake, J. P.
C. C, after which there was a fine banquet. The
social feature of the evening was one ot the most
pleasant that have been given in months, and the
only regret was that t«i like all tniugs, had to couu
to an end.
Ancient Order of forester*.
The following named were installed as officers
of Court University last Tuesday: Harvey Jewett,
C. R.; T. Chase, S, C. R.; F\ Smith, F. S.; Robert
Bleakley, T. ; John Lloyd, R. S.; M. bavage, s.
NV'.; Horace Kldder. J. W.; a U Brown, J. B.:
Dr. Farrer, physician.
M. Boehm, H. C. S. C R., and P. J. Cole, H. C.
8. W., officially visited Court Benicia on Tuesday,
when officers were installed. After the ceremony
the h.i.i was opened to friends of tbe court, there
were addresses by the High Court officers setting
forth the objects of the order, afjer which there
were dancing and a collation.
During the past week Dr. E. G. Case, the high
chief ranger, accompanied by George \V. Lunt.
H. C. T., visi ed a number of courts, and on 1 ues-
Oay evening n ere in Xapa ut >te installation of
tlie officers of th* court there. A banquet followed,
when addresses wero made by the High Court
officers On Wednesday these officials vmited
Lourt sherwoM Forest, wheu five candidates
were iult ated and the officers were Insta, led. Dur
ing the evening there was a musical and literary
programme.
Ou Thursday eveuing Court Lincoln will receive
the graud officers in Wusliinxton Hal .
Court Mar of the Mission ina.allßd the following
named officers last Wednesday: A. G. Jeffry, C.
R. ; J. H. Watson, S. l_. v. ; G. J. Hansen, T. : J.
1. Golton, F s. ; J. Fhluipcen, R. S. : G. Sorenson.
s. W.; A. WMltams, J. W. ; W. J. Christ, S. B.:
William Luther. J. B.: Dr. W. O. W ilcox, physi
cian, ihis court has organized a social club,
wnicb will glva a series of entertainments aud
socials.
Companion* of the Forest.
Th 9 officers of Loyal circle were Installed on
Monday by Mrs. L. S. Bacon, assisted by Mrs.
Hardenburgh as grand herald, the work being
done iv a very Impressive manner. The hall,
».hich had been tasteful y festooned with garlands
of evergreens and buntinr, presented a pretty ap
pearance and wai crowded with membeis and
friends, who listened to the following programme:
Overture, Califom a state band; recitation,
Blanche Sylvia; song, Rose Benuett: sailor's
hornpipe. Miss Dallie Baxter; scene from one of
fhakespeare's plays, Messrs. Burrows aud Me-
Clouu; song. MUs Huuie -Morins ; song. Miss Ruby
Simons: song. Miss Lillie Bodcield. and tancy
dances. Mis» tthel McCormack and Mrs. Tryplii
nia Prltcbard. Mrs. M. i'ruchard received a token
iroru the circle for hav.ng brought in thegieates:
liU'uber of members during the .erm, and Mrs. M,
(.. TacKley, ihe retiiiug chief, was presented a
basket of beautiful flowers. This circle, which
star. cd six months ago with thirty-two members,
has now a membersmp of sixty.
Bohemian Circle, ai.er installing its Officers,
presented Mrs. Lucille Christiansen a token of us
nigh esteem for her, ana then loilowed a banquet.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
Deputy State Councilor Be. linger has left Los
Angeles for the East to nettle up the estate of bis
deceased father.
Deputy Stanley installed the officer* of George
A. Custer Council on the 6:h and those of John A.
Lognn Council on the Bth inst.
State Councilor Bcbaertser Installed the officers
of Junes Monroe Council in Alameda last week in
a manner that reflected great credit on him.
Last Tuesday the first public Ins aliation of offi
cers Of a council of this order in this .-tate was tne
sweiring In of the officers of >tarr King Council
by Miaie Councilor -ichaertz^r, ossist.-d by Deputy
McCinton. It was a very impressive affair and
was witnessed by a large number of people. Dur
ing the evening Mrs. D. Clark read a neat poem
illustrating the peculiarities of one of the mem
bers- a good-natured skit, enjoyed hugely by tbe
individual aimed at.
The Grand Army.
Liberty Post has elected the following named as
officers for the ensuing term: 8. C. Smith, P. C;
N. B. Brown, S. V. C; J. M. Warner, J. V. C. ; E.
Shanks, chaplain; G. M. While, U. D. ; J. Reber.
surgeon: L. 54. Harvpy, Q. M.; R. O. Perry, O, O.;
J. M. Warner and N. B. Brown, delegates. The
fo lowing past post commanders are entitled to
seats in the department encampment, to be held at
Salinas: L. s. Harvey, S. M. Carr, E. B. Griffith
and W. J. Park.
The following named officers of General George
G. Meade Post were installed last Tuesday by W.
J. Ruddick, P. C. : Robert Graham, C. : Edward
Walsh, aV. C. : W. H. Coles, J. V. C: W. F.
Howe, C; S. 11. Hunt, Q. M.; tt. W. Knowles,
aiirueon; W. Moore, officer of the day: R. s.
subers. officer of theguurd: S. H. Hunt, delegate
to the state encampment; John Murphy, alternate.
The officers or Lincoln Post aud of Lincoln Corps
were installed in public last Thursday night In
Native sons' Hall in the presence of many people.
J. J. Lyon, P. C. was the installing officer of the
post and Almira J. Har.ow was the installing
ufficer for the corps. The officers of the post are:
P 11. Mas", C; C. J. Handley, S, V. C; W. E.
Read, J. V. C. ; J. C. Holies, Q.; Dr. J. G. Crawford,
surgeon; M. Murphy, chaplain: J. Steele, 8. M. : U.
T. Holoert. Q. M. *.; H. L. Barker, adjutant.
Those of tbe corps are: Mina Sheldon, P. ; Edith
Comstock, S. V. P.; Jennie L. intone, J. V. P.;
K mily Fuller. C; Ella Bailey, T.: Jeanette Emphy,
conductor; Mary Mulcaby, U. After the Installa
tion there was presented an excellent programme
of song.
I ml nu iiK-ut Guild.
The officers of San Francisco Chapter, P. K. G.
of A., were Installed in the presence of a large
number of people by Deputy Supreme Governor
R. W. McGarvie In St. George's Hall last Wednes
day. Dr. A. T. Derby is the past governor for the
ensuing term: jV. S. Felnberg, a.: James R. Wear,
V. G.: J. F\ Kfrgert. S.; C. Bow man. T.; Dr. J. P.
Le Fevre, M. E.- W. S. Lewis, W.; Allen hckert.
G.; J. R. McCrodan, ihapuin: Henry lluf
schmidt, J. P Le Fevre and W. H. Thompson,
trustees. The following- named were appointed
:i commit!!'-- to arrange for an entertainment and
ball to be given In March: Henry Hufschmldt, J.
R. Wear, W. li. Thompson, D. Le Fevre, Dr.
Derby and R. W. JscGarviP.
Woodmen of the World.
Oakland Camp installed tbe following officers
last Monday: E. T. Taylor, C. C ; F\ T. Johnson,
A, L.; S. H. Masters, B.; T. M. Robinson. C. : H.
J. McKlm, E.: W. Ealdt, W. ; J. C. snow, S.: A. E.
Bolton, M. Tbe installation by C. L. j-toblnson, P.
C. C of Alameda, win highly pleasiug to the large
number present.
General Organizer Rogers has been doing good
work In the. northern part of |the state. On New
Years' day he lnsti uted a camp at Corning, Te
liama County, with twenty charter members. He
spends a few days with each camp aud materially
adds to the membership.
Head Maiia;er Bo ik of Oakland paid an official
visit to the camp at Plensan on last Frlda/ and
was very pleasantly emertalned. a large number
of mem be s of t.x- order were present from Liver
more, and iliey voied the membeis of. the Fieas
anlon Camp royal hosts.
Tue your just closed has been a most satisfactory
one to the order.
American Legion of Honor.
Grand Commander Filben, assisted by Grand
Secretary Burton, installel the officers of Golden
Star Council last 'I bursday iv the presence of a
large membership. The new laws of the order
were fully explained by the grand secretary and
Addresses were made by the grand commander
and W. D. Mansfield. S. O.
Grand Commander Filben will shortly visit all
the councils, expecting to close his visitations In
the period of sixty days. He wl.l be in this City
to witness nearly all tbe instal.atious of the offi
cers of the several local councils.
The officers of Washington, Myrtle and Alta
councils will be Installed to-morrow, Wednesday
and Friday evenings respec ively. Aftr installa
tion grand officers will explain the recently en
acted laws.
Knight* of the Golden I'asjiw.
Edward S. Rowand. who in 1873 founded the
order, died at his home in the East on the 2d inst.
after an illness which bad confined him to his
home since the 14th of last month. At the time
of his death he was assistant supreme master of
records.
Tbf re was a large attendance at the open meet
ing of Go den Gat* Castle on Monday and much
amusement was afforded br the mock trial, the
honors being carried off by Laclcry, Mitchell and
v imams. During tbe evening there were songs
reci:»tious and dancing. The officers of this
CHStle will be Installed to-nlchi. This cantie will
cive a Yah mine party, at which every ltdy will
receive a valentine.
The officers of California Castle were installed
last wem by Grind Chief McGowan, assisted by
< rand Muster of Records llann.i and Past Grand
Chief McCall. The ca.itle has received a dispen
sation to reinstate members.
Alpha Temple, ladles of the Golden Eagle, had
Its officers installed by Grand Master of Records
Hanna, This temple has a number of candidates
for initiation,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Levy. NY E Morgenstein, Seattle
G conn, Seattle W Ogden-* w, Spokane
J A Manly <fe w, B C LA Manly, B C
H de Lftwia, 8t Lonls P B Ruben, Fresno
J D Wurks, Los Angeles T v unnlnghaiu, Stockton
Mi-s L Mclonfer, Cal P J Wilson, Stockton
Miss 8 Otner, Chicago GR Initles, Kansas City
W J F (c T*coma R Bennett, Vataville
B Ofner, Chlcaxo H H Harris, 8 L Oblspo
Dr E G Case, Ukiah S Newell, btockton
AC Scanlan »fe w, st Louis
COSMOPOLITAN HOTKL.
W R snauier. Br Colum G Z Akarao. Tokio
Miss Hammond, Cal JS KnnUlu, Tokio
M W Coelond, l.os ang J B Kelly <fc »■, s L Obisp
B D Morrison, San Jo»e F M Brown, Vallejo
G \V Georse, Val ejo MrsC D Howe, SactO
X Healy, san Jose A V Abraham, !Sta Kosa
T Cleary. Montana J Toner, r-pokane
J A Manniog, Portland W Doming, Portland
J McCartan. Portland C H Peterson, Portland
G Volhard, Portland D H Painter, Minneap
G D Heyd, Houorna J B chambers,
Mrs W iisnephard,Chgo H C Downing, Salem, Or
PALACE HOTEL.
C M Goodall, Oakland A Bierce, Los Gatos
J Renasi, *an Pahio Mrs X >n-a. Hvno
J G Gocum. Stamford D oppenueim. N V
J L Hock n>aii. chiraeo R J w'ldnev.Los Angeles
11 X Doollule,Sau Diego X A MurstHr.Millwaukee
C Kichardson, Tucoma Count ile Kergorly, Ccl
A Klingei, A V H J Oconor. an Die^O
C A Kalhcr, R V X Lany, Port and
J R Mecant, San Diego Jt Hadden, Kugland
E s Churcnili, .Napa H biiydam, N V
Mrs buydani, N V Master L Suydam, N V
L W Morgan, Los Ang Mrs C Denel,
E R Thompson, wtockton J Garwoud, Stockton
W H I 'mi ii J. »•;.!, lowa
LICK HOUSE.
wm T Porter, Fresno 0 W Strohl. Napa
W Lard & w. Tne Dalles Mrs H * Wilson, Dalles
Mrs D M French, Dalles Mrs F L Houghton.Dalles
Geo L Alexander, Cal C B Donohoe & w, i al
Mrs Brisco. Clilco El wood Cooper, Elwood
W f Hammatt, NY S W Clied... aan Kafael
l'hil Beuulman, L Ang G E Lawrence, i.oJl
A S Mil er, Alaska Cbas Geyer. Oregon
Fredi-i Ick. Josblyn, Pttd J il Lathrup, Newman
T S Spaulding, Woodland X Barcroft. Merced
F \V Caireli, Fresno Dan Jones. Lower Lake
H Gooren it w. ( adelia J. G Illusion, Sac
MrsF W Wanton, Cal Miss F Wauton. Cal
F B Klngton, S CUra W B stuart, Placerville
G W Rice, san Miguel
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J F Lawlor, Los Angeles B 11 Meyers, Los Ang
P Sinclair, NY W G Hurdv, D C
C W Nelson. Oakland J N Floyd, N V
A O Laudivida, N V C Shar»ey, Bandsburg
Z L Zikln, Koanoke X U HanUy, Bodeo
G M Jeffcott, Portland Jll Wallace, Merced
0 A Black, Merced J Wll son, Santa Kosa
J Miaw, Murd Is and J Joiies, fi »re islana
A M SilveriH, lvodeo J Tiboetts, uodeo
C Bergers, Chl H E Samm, I'ortland
F * F Mos»l>aek,Por landT Andrew, Portland
M J Mcilauu, Tifton L B Warren, U S N
G Slade, USX C Chluttentlen, San Jose
J imiiriii;, San Jose L M Smilh, Cal
J Stevens. C*l J C Curtis, Spokane
J Me Maniea, Spokane W J llarley. Waib, D C
J D Wallace, Salt Lake M A Malht-ws, Salt Lake
Jlt Lane, Lus Angeles II C Kolh, Los Angeles
W Jackson, orovllle F M Fralier, Los Gatos
KUSS HOUSE.
O C Clark, Oakland T F Barry, Los Angeles
J H Thomas, Victoria F QuirK Nevada
Gen Mason, Bakerefleld Ti. » ander & wt'.LQatOS
J T Bell Los Gatos F Kutz, Oakland
X White. Sucramento WKCunniugham.Sanger
Dfepi.z, Salt Lane R T Kimbali, ShU Lake
F M Giane, San Jose X X Williams, Orange
J X Barrett, i klah Mrs Humjjhreys,P<irove
Mrs X B W lllls. feac Mrs J A W'oodsen, Sac
J B s-auford, sac A W Graham, i'al
J A Brown, Cal H Willard, X.-.l Bluff
H Stewart, Boonville X N Mariens, San Hafael
W H Jordan, Oak.iaud J Doyle, BuUe
O T Hoodly, lone H 0 Murphy, Healdsbrg
J J Livernasn, Healdsbrg F 31 Fjyt, Oregon
H C Petray. Livermore J Ko<lgers, stuckton
W C Brown, Mar inez X J Upham, Coilinsvllle
M X Merrit, colilnsville J Wyckoff, Woodland
M Cannon, cau Kaiael
GRAND HOTEL.
\V W Mtddleroff, Salinas A fcplnks, Sacramento
N H Smi.h. Chicago S Benson & \vi, Colo '
II H Hanson, Sacto . J Moore. Sacramento .
X J Herdee \vf, Portl JCiergiison* wt, Salinas
X A Alack <fe \vf, Oakland J T Jones, Benlcla
A L Brown, Newark S Alidalenia*, lTtsuo
A J Larseu. Lodi W March, 1 os Angeles
F A Hariow, !-an Diego J F Merchant, Waiia Wai
Airs W X Broome, Sta Bar T X Broome, Sta Barbara
M Us Broome, St Barbara X F Wurtele, Seat.le
W H Culmer, Sait Lake M S Kelley, New York :
T A Owens, New York Samuel James. Sacto
L U Hooker, Seattle C W 'i roop, .-alem
J W Boweu, los Ang ' John Hinds Mexico
H Van I'hul, St Louis D C Knowles, Mark hams
J X Harrington, St* Bar H W Pat: on, Los Auk
J B Dudley, an Lle^o L C Couversu. Wash
T B Raymond, Canada £ a Lerkely, Texas
MA Hend«rsou, sacio W H Gregory. Jackson
C J Gregory. Jackson w p Thompson, Fresno
L Darnt'al, Lou Uatoi Mrs Browning, Man Jose
11 \V Crabb, Oakville J .-ixar, I. us Angeles
J GAlart. in, Sacramento G 11 Stewart, Los auk
.T Din telspiel, Suisun J B Hoyt, B.rds Landing
Jin D D lilackbum, Cal -Mim a Blackburn, Cml
Mis 8 Blackburn. Cal Dt. Blackburn, Cai
W "B Harrison, Stockton J Klein, Lomi oc
Wii Kckiiai-ilt <fc wf. sac Isa X iirenner. .Sacto
J Ki.raißi.tw , Woodlunfi J Ai Alurry, Minneapolis
AL MXia>s, Mali L'nlv ' . ►■',
Knights of the Golden Banner.
Some time since the drill corps of the Knifhts of
the Golden Banner received a challenge irom the
Independent Cavalry Corps 10 compete for a tro
phy. Captain William Irelan states that the
knights have received a note from th» cavalry
corps announcing its withdrawal of the challenge,
and that the knights accepted the note without v
cheer.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
nt station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connec", pan\ g of equal air pressure; Iso-N
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiirh" means hiijh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied b.v fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
• Lows us, ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th» interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone- the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain pouth of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in ibe vicinity of Idaho, and
Iho pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks Dkpartmbnt op Agricui,-
TVRit, Wkather Bureau, San Fbaxcisco. .lan.
10. 1897, 6 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date lust sea
son:
Eureka 2296 Inches, last season 15.90 Inches:
Ked Bluff 11.23 inches, last senson 6.66 inches:
San Kraiicisr> 11.10 Inches, last season 4.10
inches; Fresno 3.95 Inches, last season 1.11
inches: San Luis Obispo7.B7 inches, last season
4.( 0 inches: -Los Anaeles 5.31 Inches, last se.iaon
1.71 inches; Baa Diego 3.84 Inches, last season
1.57 inches; Yuma 2.12 inches, last season .32 of
un inch.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 47,
minimum 44, mean 4a
An area or high pressure continues over the
Roclty Mountain region. Ihe pressure is falling
over the country wi-st of the l-.ocky mountains.
Over southern Calif-i-nla and Western Arizona
ther • has been a {ah of nearly a tenth of an iuch
In the pxst 24 hours. There 'appears to be a low
over the <; U irof California.
The lemperaturH ha» fal en in the Sacramento
valley au.i In the vlciniu of Han Francisco. It has
risen In the San Jnuquin \a ley.
fog prevails generally on the Pacific slope north
«if >an I rancisco; and south of .->an Frsnclseo
cloudy weather with light rain Is pentrally re
ported. ilea%-y rains have fallen in Arizona.
■ maximum wind velocity of twenty-eight miles
ier hour from the east Is reported from Tatoosh
Island.
forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars
ending midnight. January 11, 1897 :
Northern California— Cloudy and foggy weather
Monday; fresa northeasterly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy weather with rain
earlj- Monday morning: freih easterly wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday in northern portion:
cloudy in southern portion
Utah— Cloudy Monday; rain Monday night.
Arizona — Itafn eaily Monday morning and In
eastern portion Monday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and foggy
weather Monday, probably light rain: fresh north
erly Wind. AI,KXAXDKR McAOTB.
Local Forecast official.
011.A.S M >.A.Ui^lv.«s.
IlHto* of Departure From San Fraprlirn.
STKAMKR | DKSTISATIOS. [
HAtlii.
| PIRB.
Arcata
Alliance... .
Corona
Homer
Ocarina.*:"..'.'
Mexico......
Columbia...
Kareka
C!ty:Ptiebia
Sunol ..
: Santa Rosa.
Coptic..-.
Del None..
Hta> or Cat.
Farallon
City Sydney
Loo» Bay Jan 12.12 v
(Joos 8ay.....-.' Jan 12, Spm
liumboldtßat Jan la, ¥rx
Coos 8ay"...: Jan 12. Ipm
Coos 8ay...... Lan 12,1.2 m
San Dlißca'.';;. Jan Vi. Haw
Portland .;.;.. jania.iOAM
Newport ......" Jan 14, Ma*
Vie & Snd Jan 14. Ham
Uravs Harbor. Jan 15.12 M
a nn IHeso . .lan JH.Ham
: China A Japan Jan 16. Ipm
i i ays Harbor, inn .17,.'."...
Portland...;.: Jan 18.10 am
YHonina Bay. Jan IS 9am
I'Riinmn. '.:.'... .Inn 1 . 1 '■'- M
rter 13
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pte'il
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pli»r LI
P M SH
Pier 24
i'l»r ' i i
| P M •* *«
M'KAMKK* TO AKKIVJC.
"*T< AUKR |
Dn-
Crarina.....;...
Pomona .;"".;...".
Alliance ;.
Homer..
Cleone
Costa Rica.
Kmplre ........
Karelca.
Alcazar
Kama Kosa: ;■.*.".
Crescent City...
0rizaba..;.....:.
M0n0wa1......::
WelUneton...r.
State of CM....
Del. N0ne.;....
North Korc...
Walla Walia. ..
Coos Bay..
Karallon .......
Arcata. - :.:.r.... -
Rio de Janeiro..
San Juan.......
Mpx1r0...... ...
Coos Bay ..:
Humbold: Bay. ■'
Coos Bay .'...:.;*.. :.;..:
I Coos Bay...
j Orescent City... ..........
Departure Bay
Portland .:.... .........
Newport.' ..
Grays Harbor
San Dleuo ...............
Crescent, City ............
Mexico
Sydney :......... .'.:...
Departure 8ay....
Portland. ..j... ..........
(irays Harbor.
Humboldi Bar ........ .;
Victoria * Puget Hound
NewDort ......... ......
I Vaaulna Bay-. .........
Coos 8av.... .........
China & Japan .........
Panama
I -an Dlfco ;.:.. ..
..Jan 11
,;jan 11
..Jan 11
..Jan 11
...lan 11
..Jan 12
..Jan 12
.Jan 12
..Jan 12
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan Ift
..Jan 15
..aan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 18
..Jan TH
>i >, AIOON \>i> ilbfc.
United Status Coast and Geodk-tic Survey-
TIMKS—AND HKIOIITS OF Hlfill AND LOW
Watkrs at Foit Point, Entbavck to
San Francisco Kay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF IHK SUrKKINTENDENT.
Notk— The high and low water j occur at the
City Front (Mission- street Wharf) about twentv
flvf minu es later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
•Lan nary — 1807.
Monday,' January 11.
Pun rts<Mi ,,..; 7.261 Moon r15a5......
Snn sets.:...-. 5 ll|Moon set*. 0.55 am
5 Il^f I Feet ZL^ii Fen I^JFeet Ilsf Feet
S H 'V I. \V | H ■ I. VV
Ll| !).14| 5.0
12 5.511 6 0
13 6.29 6.0
L W '
'A 0.46 3.1
16 1.44 8.3
.61 2.37 3.4
.7 a:B| 3.6
»2.35
1.30
2.17
B W
710
7.53
I 8.40
I 9-^7
0.8
0.4
6.1
6.1
f>.'2
6.4
I.
l.6\J
,8.68
10. 09
U W
2.58
3.35
4.1 1,
4 47 1
3.2
3.5
0.0
-0.4
i-0.7
-0 8
11.52
|H W
10 54
:ll.»0
'11.58
3.1
.....;
3 8
3.X
4.0
Notb— Tn the above exposition of tbs tides tha
early morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence a-t to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column -jives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
ftoundtngs on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given la subtractlva
trooi the depth given by the charts.
tfOTICIS TO MABISTKBS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrottraphio
Office located In lha Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained in Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense. .
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nan I tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce. • • .
The time ball on top' of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day irom the
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal. ■:; ; ;.:•:.•■;. ■.. .•.-.':. ■,• *.;.-:
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving : the . error. If , any. Is
publishes the same day uy the afternoon paper*,
•ad by the morning papers the following dar.
:?<• :.-,•-■" - . ■■- ." W. a. HITGUKS. .
■ ! Lieutenant V. 3. N.. in charge.
SHijfiMXi "i>xjir.ijiiii<.>cja.
- Arrive I.
r SUNDAY. January 10.
Stmr Colon, Mack In non, 2S days frm Panama
and wav ports: pass and mdse, to P M 8 S Co.
stair Newsboy. Fosen, Ml hours irom Usal;
1 unifier, to U»al Lumber Co.
Stmr . Horilta, Heed, 4 3 hours from Coos Bay,
etc: md*e. to O C 4 N Co . "
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttletleld, 85 hrs frm Tacoma:
3600 tons coal, to S P Co. Up rlv^r direct.
StmrNavarro, Duggan.' 86 hours from Ventura;
produce, to Krlauirer & U all riper. . -:
Stmr City or Everett, Laverge. days from
Naiulmo: 3052 tons coal, to John Rojenfeld's
Sons. : ' ...
stmr Truckee. Daniels, 62 hours from Tillamojk
Bay: 366 M ft lumber, to Truekee Lumber Co.
i Stmr Alcatraz. Walvlg, 40 hours from . Newport:
ball«s\ to L >: White Lumber Co.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours trom Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J S Kimball. :-' ;
Stmr Columbia, lonwav. f>2Vs hours from Port
land, via Astoria 4034 hours; pass and mdse. toO
X & N Co.
Stmr Corona. Jepsen, 60 ' hours from San Diego
and way ports; pass ana mdse, toGoodall, Perkins
& Co. . t • .
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 58 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co. ••••..• ,
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland, 32 hours frm Mosi Landing, ■
etc: produce, to uoodall. Perkins <& Co.
Btmr<3reenwood. Carlson. 19 hours from Cleone;
wood, toil E White Lumber Co. r
hip Occidental, Weaver, 16 days from Seattle;
2300 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co. • -
Ship Yosemlte. Fullerton, it) days from Tacoma;
1760 tons coal, to X D Chandler.
Bark Carroll ton, Jones, 17 days from"Nanaimo:
2267 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bktn North Ken'l. Wlnkel, 14 days from Wil
lapa Harbor: lumber, to simnson LumoerCo. j
Bktu Ketrlever. Began, 17 days irom Port Had
lock; lumber and latin. .o W J Adams.
Biin Northwest. Lund, 18 - days .from Port
Blakeley, nor. ml lor Newport. lut in on account
of carrying away rudder head ..- -
Schr John A, Ilellqnist, 8 days from Eureka;
34<i Mft iumbe-. to <ieo L sweet. ■
Schr Jennie' Wand. Christiansen," 20 days from
Tacoma: lumber, to Dickens Lumber ( 'a
Schr Mane E Smith, Rosendiill, 17 days from
Tacoma; lumber, to Ha n»on & Co.; .
Schr Alary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega;
40 bis butter, to Koss & Hewlett.
bailed. .
':■ , . SUNDAY. January 10.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hughes, Portland. '
.'Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro. '■'
Ship George Stetion, Murnhy, Kahulul.
ship Two Brothers. Windrow, Puget sound.
Br bark Kivlon, Oavles, Burrards Inlet.
Bktn Tarn o' Sbanter. Patterson, Columbia
BIT T' » • ■" ■ -. ; . - . ■: .
Schr U W Watson, Fried berg. : Seattle. :
. 's Telegrnnhio. "
i POINT LOBO3. Jan. 10.-10 p. m.- Weather
cloudy: wind NE; velocity 4 mllej. .
Spokrni.
Per tUT Reliance— Jan 10 fit Point Reyes schr
Sadie, from Umpqua Rlv«r. for san Francisco.
.. ■ " rU«»m««tio "or i
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Jan B.- •■• • - -
coos BAY-sailed Jan 10-Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco. - . .
i Arrived Jau 10-Stmr Chilcat, from Astoria. ,
; GREENWOOD— Arnvea Jan 10-sJtmr Greeu
wo'»d. hence Jan 9 ' ■ - .' - ■' •
ALBlON— sailed Jan > JO-Stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco. .... : .-•: ' • -■.-.
MKNDOCINO-Arrlved Jan 10— Strar Point
Arena. h»nce Jan 0."
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 9-Br ship An
dora, irorn Victoria. ; .. . - -.
TATOOSH- Jan 10— 3tmr LaKme, from
Tacoma. fir San Pedro. : • ,
PORT BLAKELEY-Salled Jan 10-Schr Al
calde, for. San Francisco. ■ "■■' ■■" ■■ •.■;.-->
LANDINO-Salled Jan 10-Schr
Newark, for San Frauclsca . -.- . ■
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 10-Schr Sal vator, for
Eureka. • ■■/■■-'.'■.■ "■.■.-.'■ • ■ •■■• ■ ■..■
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 10-Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.;. ■ , - - ■' ■•;.-. --. . .
,'; Arrived Jan 1 0»-Stmr Farallon. hence Jan 9. ->
Sloveinents of Train- itUntlo s;.« in ,-,.
" NEW YOKK-Arrlved Jan 10-^t-nr .; Paris, fm
Southampton; stmr LU' ania, from Liverpool: sim
La Champagne, from Havre. ;• -.••...■■ ,v>»
Mailed Jan 10-simr smttgart. for Bremen. ;■':-■
HAVRE— Arrived out Jan 10— stmr La Bre
tatenf. ■'.;::■■ ■•■'■,,■. . . ■ . ; - ; . - -...; 
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 10 -stmr ' Vlr
glnia, lor New Vnilf "TfTtTTT ii'<wi'itiiii«ii|iitwniffl|||mli
DELAWARE BREAK WATER- Passed Jan 10
— s :ur Pennland, irom Philadelphia, lor Liver
pool. . ...
.".. ".'.;■■'■■■,■ :. Importation*.
PORTLAND AND "ASTORIA-Per Colnmbia
-242 sks pota oes. 2 100 gunnies 86S8 s^s flour, 37
: sks wojl, 530 cs salmon, RK«> ' nKgs paper. 27 pkgs
copper and: zinc. 44 ska? bones, all bales scrap
tin. Hi cs shoes, 20 pitas old metal, 36 cs crack
ers. 67 itkss junk ,30 sks bones, ill sks oyjters, 1
lot express, Isk coin. 1 lot mdse. • " . ■
VANCOUVER— Per City or PuVbia— 25 drums
glycerine, fts cs envelor cstUareties. J5 en
to Dace.', 183 cs ": boots and shoe*. - 233 is hats, 'i cs
wooden names, l: bxil organ. I bxd pc al, -1 bxi
survey instrument-, 2 brais sheets. 3 bx»
tubing. 76 bdl* hides anil pelts. 13 pkus mdse. 500
1 bbls : glucose, V 501 cs ; evaporated • apples, -20 bxd
pi mos. -.:-,■■■:::-:■-.• ■..-..■. -- :.,-,-;-.., ... -, .
Tacoma— 67B bdls hides and skins, 1 carriaee. 4
whee.s. lpki? carriage attachments. 1 csciothlng,
1 sk dried i fruit, •• 600 bars i bullion. 4 pkgs mdse, 1
lot household furniture- . ;;,'■. ... • ••■ T . . .-, -
' Seattle-! cs furnishing goods, 2 sks coin, 4 bbla j
1 sk lead 2 bxs spices, 1 cs clothing, 10 bxs books,
4 sks coffee 120 pkesjuuic, 20 sks bones, ll sks
dried peaches, 1 bx marble tiles, 6 bbU salt fiih. 1
bx silverware. 12 pcs lumber. 2 bxd pianos, 500
cs salmon! a pkgs express, 23 bxs rubber goods, 2
b portTowVs™nd- S i6O bdls hides, 2 cs envelopes,
pkg. n.Ces and skins.
1 cs pictures, 1 chest express, lsK coin.
Sitka— l bx revolvers.
Kllllsnoo— 2 bdls deerskins. „ .-o v^i.
Kverett-1400 bsM bullion. 507 rolls 492 bdls
paper. : ■ . ' '
Anacortes— 7l23 sks oats, „„__ . _„, 2
. West or. Fanro via Tacoma— lß3o s*s wheat, ,2
mdse. 1 bx firearms, 1006 hf-sks flour, 9 pices
household goods. jTWWfI . . ... _,_ ->
East of Fargo via Tacoma— 3 bxs bicycle parts, 1
bid piano. ■■'■-.%
Departure Bay— 4so tons coil. > ...,
HUENEME-Per Nayarro— ll sks beans, **« «
ska corn, IBi4 sks barley, 12.801 lbi Junk.
San Buenaventura— 1061 sic s corn.
NAN DIEGO- Per Corona— bOcsegfts. I DX jei y.
6 tongs, -a crt» bicycles, 1 bx wine, 1 es to
l.acco. 1 pkg overalls, 1 i-s machinery, 1 bbl Dees
wax, 1 lot household furniture, 10 cook moves, i
dink, 2 crts baking powder, 1 br plants, 7 Mis fish,
51 bx^ limes, «92 bxs lemons, 601 bxs oranges, b
plfit* m' 1«», 8 bxs tangerines. .- - ■•. . _,
Newport—l csk crockery. 140 bxsoranpres, »i
bbU swe -t potatoes. 1 chest tea, 1 cs raisins. •
Redo du— s. obis' 1 c.i wive. 2 B6.bx» oranges, l
gas engine, 1 cerbinntor. 1 bx fixtures, 1 keg 1 <
b.i» liquor, 1 keg riveis 68 bxs lemoos, 685 sks
hurley. 10 bbls sweet potatoes, 23 bales wool, 1 as.
a-h cement, 2 slcs chill. 5 bbls vinegar. 1 bbl 1 bx
glassware, Jt bxs tools, 8 pkgs rud»<>, 1 cs books, 3
bxi drugs, 22 cs hams, 122 cans 55 tubs butter, 7
bdls hoop Iron. i
Port Los Angeles— 163 bxs oranges; 160 wall
pUster. 17 cs olives. 1 ci clothing. 1 cs G goods, 1
enchuese, 89 cs eggs, 1H cs i>lrd seed, 41 bxs
limes.
-. santa Barbara— bxs sugar. 3 pkes springs. 2
bxs butter, i pltgs mdse,' 1 bale rugs, - 27 bxs lem
ons 2 bxs oranges, 16 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— l cs cigars, 1 bx rubber goods. 1
cs stationery. 00 eggs, 68 bxs butter, 14 bxs
fish, 17 bxs apples, 2 coops chickens. -: -
. COOS BAY— Per Bonita— l cs 4 tubs batter, 19
flre logs. "
- • FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— 256 Mft lumber, 1
pkg castings, 2 pkgs mdse.
Consignee*.
Per City of Puebla-Bissinger & Co: H Wald«"k:
Blake, Moffltr <fe Towne: Wells, Fareo A Co ; Fit
Waston: Naval (Storekeeper. MI: Lonion. Pa-is
and Americp.n Bank; Sawyer Tanning Co; H Levi
& Co: A J Kraiser & son: California Saw Works;
H S Chase; II N Thornton; J A Folaer & Oo: J H
Woods & Co* Llevre, Frlcke & Co; J Swicher: M
X lilgelow: Reichert&Co: SH Frank & Co: W C
Reveal : Wbeaton. Breon <fc Co; Sussman, H A Co:
Vermont Marble Co: W P Morgan; 8 (Jrund: EC
Bailey: FrederlcksDurg Brewery: Allen & Lewi*:
Tbos-RogerßOn:-«elby Smeliinz and Lead Co: W
G Richardson; J Wieiand: C A Bell; CT Brehen ;
O'Urien tfc S ms; Oemlng-Palmcr Milling Co; Haas
Bros; C J Leist * Co: Moore, Ferguson «BCo; Paul
Hester Co; J -Uencil: Oregon Imp Co: Re»d &Oo;
Buckingham, Hecht <fe Co: American Tobacco Co;
Rev C X McCarty: J J Bowers; C H Meyers & Bro;
Cahn, Nlckelsburg <fc Co: Greenbaura & Co: Giant
Powder Co; H X Webster: LD Stone Co: Long
Syrup Co; L Sarf.nl: Lamson ,C s S Co: Pacific
Coast Syrup Co; Sherman, Clay A Co: O P Down-
Ing; PB«rwin<S Bro: Trlest <fc Co: Thos Day &
Co; WW Montague A Co; H Waldeck & Co;
Welch & Co.
Co uni bin— Dalton Bros: JH Cain A Co: W
T Garratt: Buckingham, Hecht * Co: M P Detels:
McDonoughdt Runyon: Otis, McAllister <fc Co : J O
Hawthorne: Wellman, Peck & Co; F HiUens A Co:
Well*. Fnr«o A Co; Sheldon Milling Co: Portland
Cracker Co; Moor«». Ferguson A Co: Frank Lee: A
- smith; M E A Wagner; N Ohlandt A Co; order;
Willamette Pulp <fe Paper Co: \Vells, Fargo & Co;
FogartyA Parker: Darbee & Immel; Chas Carl
sou: Knar. l Stokes: J O Hawthorne: Goldsmiths A
Lowenbent; Weuern' Union Telegraph Co. :
Per Noyo— <J R Johnson; Union Lumber Co; P
Knudsen.
Per Corona— Wetmore Bros: TO Newman: Pac
Tranj'er Co: M SHmas;Campodonlco& Malcolm;
S Jacobs; California Chemical Works; Enterprise
Brewery; San Francisco Brewing Co; Dalton Bros; .
Milwaukee Brewery: WC Price <t Co: Deere Imp
i o: Nathan, Dohrmann A Co; J A Morehouse: M
B Kohlberg; J Ivancovicn & Co: Gray & Barolerl;
Wolf «lfe Son; Pac flc Batchers' Supply Co; George
X >tarr &Co: A Vicnler; E E Carter; Captain A S
Young: Gould & Jaudin; Nash & Boesen»cker; H
O Greenhood: Levl Spiegel it Co: A Galli Fruit Co:
J H Cain & Co: Dalton Bros: \y P Fuller A Co: M
J Hrandens em it Co; L Scatena A « o: Catholics
Art and Book Store* ; Levy & Co: Foard A Stokes;
UK Whitney A Co; John Loeffler; Kapp<fcHtre't;
Joieph Tusel: McDonoutth cfc Hunyon ; Oriental
On< Engine Co; Newmark A Edwards: II Hut
man; M X Jordan: Rev F 3 Wang; The Cudahy
Packing Co; Cably; - Nye A >'ls*en ; Hilder
branilt R A Co: F H Ames A Co: v G Wickson &
Co: McDonough A Runyon; LBreslauer; a Quads
A Co; Tillmann A ; Dodt;e, Sweenev A Co;
Dairymen's Union: IDe BernardlA Co: H Genais:
G Cauiillont A Co; American Union Fish Co; L F
Ka.ou; CCarpyACo: Cal Bottling Co; Wllcox
Co: Milan! A Co ; i: D Bunker A Cos FII Ames A
Co; A Paladin! ; Gets Bros A Co; E J Bowen A Co;
L fiaroni A Co; Beits Sprlnz Co; Yon Voss A Co-.
Hob Smith; Ooodyear Rubber Co: s Levy & Co:
JBlnguzlla: Akr.t.r.tz Asphalt Co: FBHaight;
Hllmer, Bredhoff A Scbulz;Krleham."UopDe A Co;
Rnss. Sanders A Co; Wheaton, Brt-.on A Co: Jud
son F nit Co; WltzelA Baker: H Heckman A Co;
H Klrchmann it Co: II H sattler A Co;  Buffs o
Brewery; Norton, Teller .t Co; HNTildenACo:
Wellman, Peck <s Cc: ' Buffalo Brewery: Milwau
kee Brewery; Hills Bros; Sacramento Fish Co: A
Eana; Pacific Coast Fish Co; Labor Exchange: A
rallies: Chas Jacooson. .
, Per Navarro— J P Thomas: Erlanger A Gallnger:
S P Milling Co; P Harley: M « olman. ■ >1^» WWW-i
Per iionita— Marshall A Relmers: . O C A N Co;
a R Davis. * -. - -.■•.'-.••■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pi& HnlL at 2p. ° L Special party
«mill« Tuesday, Jonnar- •«.
■ —^ at 2p. m. Special party
(v/ !• -> rates.
i^fP/HflMlinJ The S - 8 - MONOWAI
GMCfIIIDHH/^ ea ,i s vla HONOLULU
/OfnFW|?LL. »nil AUCKLAND for
AyilfHilWjr SYDNEY. Thursday.
February 4, at 2 p. M ...
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN .
South Africa. • • - .
■f" »V J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acrnnt*.
' 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 3*47 Market at, San Francisco.
TACIFIC COAST_STEA3ISHI? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Ajt
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: • • *rtfr* >
For Mark- Island, Loring, Wrangel. Jnneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
■ For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Toi»n-
' send, Seattle, Tacoma. Ever*>tt, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellir.«:ham ' Bay. Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. : 4,9. 14, 19,24,29. and every Hfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. It
X., at Tacoma with N. p. R. i:., at Seattle with U.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum.
lioldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. m.. Jan. 4. 8,12, 16,
10. 24, 28. and every fourth day thereafter. ■
•For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos.
Port Harford (San l-nls Oblspo),* Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, . at 9 a. m.
Jan. 8, «, 10. 14, 18. 2 2,26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter. ' 7 " • - ..
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12; 16, . 20,24,28, and every fourth
day thereafter. • •.
For Ensenada, San > Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas: and Qnaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month. .
'1 he Company reserves right to change steamers \
or sailing dates.' Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. • _ ;
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., GerTl Agents,
* * / 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLAIST X>
From ; Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m. .
T?AP"!?/«12 First-class O ' Including
X •« -ttJJ\st> Second-claas /berth & meats
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ."
C01umbia............ ......Jan. 3, 13, 23, Feb. 2
State of California... Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern poiiits. Rates and folder* - upon applica-
tion to . ■  ... •. .. ~ ; ; - .. . - ... ..
F. F. CONNOR. General
1 • * • ■ ■ 630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO.. Superintended -
COfIPAGSIE GEVER AL TRAISATLAITIQUB
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIEK(NEW). 42 NORTH >t#*a
\J River, loot of Morion st. Travelers byfc&SJP
this line avoid both transit by English railway anil
the discomfort of crossing, the channel, in a small
boat, .sew Yor* to Alexandria, Kgynt. via Paris,
first class $160. second class 116.
LA N0RMA.VD1E:. ............ T an 9' 9 a.m.
LACHAMPAONE..... '.'.""jau 16 10 a' M
BOUROOGNE.: .. ! j^ 33 JSi M
LAUASOOGNX ......... J.ii 30 9a m
LABRETAGNE. ...".......Te*. 6, US."
tBT. For further particulars apply to
' " A. FOKUET, Agent.
t D „_„ -^L 0 Green. New York.
J. *LG£ZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Fiupcisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At « P.M. Daily, freight' received -up
• to .:30 P.M..; • ■
. IS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
• The only lint- seiliu< through tickets and giving
through freight • rates' to s all ' poln.s :on -.Valley
Railroad.
" STKA3IKUS:
T.C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
'.telephone Main 805. <ai. Nay. ami 1 nipt. Co
FOR VALLEJO AJfD U. S. IfAYYYARD.
- STJc-AMKR . -'MOXTICELLO," j /v
pally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. . and 4p. it'
Saturdays...;..'... ; ' "10:30 a. m., 4p.sc ■
1 bunday5............. ....:... :'...:. :..:..8 p. Mi
Landing Itlsslon-stree Do -■'<. Pier 2. "_■■ • >
- Telephone 261.
'Trip elves tj ho 11 m s:o»> at Navy- -
FOR JO>E, LOS GATOS & CRUZ
•! CRAMER ALVISO leaves PIER 1 M nv
day. Wednesday. I riday.i at 10 a- it a Ivlso
1 uesday. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. m. FrelVht
and Passenger.; Fare between San Francisco and
!Al viso, 50c; to Sau ; Jose. « 75c. 3 Uly "it. •|?.r^L
[ 80 W. Santa Clara «.. Sao Josa, *• **•*.*•.
RAII.ROAP TR A VTSIJ __
SOUIHEKII 1- A CIVIC • COMPANT.
(PACIFIC! SYSTEM.)
"! Train* lei»vr nml are <!••« to nrrlre •*••';.
•:.- v KAN I'ltANC'lNt'O. ..■..' i
leave — Fm«M JAITUARY 1, 1897. — ARBTV*!
""••:O»A~Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a ]
7:«Oa Atlantic V.ipresa, Ogden and ICar.t. . Bi*»P/
7:00 a Benicia. Vacaville, Runssey. Sacra-
raento. OroTille ' and Redding via
Da»is '..'." 6j43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calutoga and Santa Rosa O:13«
Hi SO A Niles, San Jose, Stock ton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chlco,
Tehama and Red Bluff «xlftp
•SiSOa Peters and Milton "7:15*
SsOWa New Orleans Express, Raymond (for'
Yosemitc), Fresno, Bakersiield.
Santa Barbara, I.os Angeles, Bern-
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and -
Ea5t...... ....:......;........ 4i4(lp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:-15p
»:00a Vallejo.. 6sl3p
....... Nil«s, San Jose, - Liverruore - and -
5t0ckt0n........ 7:15p
<I:00p Saaramento River Steamers »»:OOp
IrOOp Niles, San Jose and l.ivermore 8:43 a
f I :30p Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4: UOp Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo, •
:,.-. Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verano and
SiinUllosa 9:13 A
4xOOp Benicia, Vacnyille, Woodlani
Kr.ights Landing, Marysville, Oro.
Tille and .S»criiiiien 11:13 a
4i3op Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer.
- :,■: ■ , ' ced and Fresno, going via Niles, .
returning vii Martinez 11:4.1 a
BiOOpLos Augelos press. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and I.os
Angeles 1 0:4 A
StOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavs and Kast 10:43 a
OiOOp European Mail, OgiUn and East.... 9:43 a
6:00 1- Haywartls, Nile* and Han Jose 7:4.1 a
J7:oOpVaUcjo : .17:43"
7:00p Oregon Impress, Hacraniento, Marys-
, villa, Redding,. Portia Pugek
Sound and East 11:13*!
VIOiOOP " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
; Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
. and East |18i43p
SANTA ClttlZ_OI VISION (Narrow tiauge). ~
Mil 3a Newark.Oiiter»iUe,Httii.loBe.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations : BiSO*
•a:l3p Newark. CenteMllle, San Jose, New
- Alinaden, Felton, Itoulder Creek;
Santa Cruz i and Principal Way
Stations • H A
4:1 Newark, Ban Jose and Los Catos ... 9:30 a
♦ I 1:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t?:2op
COAST DIVISION (Third .V loiTinnnl Sts.) ~"
oi43a San Jose and Way Stations (New *
■ ' Almadeu Wednesdays only) »li3o»^
■:13a San .lose, Tres linos, HanU Cruz. . T
Paciriu : (irove, Paso Rubles, San ■•
Luis Ohispo, Ouadalupe, Surf and '
Principal Way Stations 7toof>
IO:4O.v San .lose and Way Stations B:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
•2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pi nog, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and *10:40 a
•a:»Op San Jose and Way Stations 9:43 a
•4:30i- San Jose and Way Stations *N:o3a
s:3oi> San Jose Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
6:B0p San Jose and Way stations G:33a
<II:4."»p San Jose mid Way Stations 47:45 p
SAX LKA.NUKO AND HAYWAKD* LO«:alT~
t*6:eOA' ( 7:13 a
8:00 a ] (9:43 a
KkoSal Kelrose, Seminary Park,: \^t
a li^p Fitrhbunr,S.nLe. dr(», » ;«J
3:00p Bn 9 4:43p
4:00p ■ V 8:43p
3:00p ITavwardi' ' ' 6:13p
O:3Op uaywara». 7 . 43p
"J:OOp 8:4"»p
' 9-OOp V Runs through to Nile*. lO:3Op
tfll»lspj tFromNUes. { f(i2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)->
•7:15 9:00 11:O0a.U. {1:00 *2:00 13:00
. •4:03;', tB:OO .•6:00p.m.
From OiKLARD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:00 - *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 t»:C3
*5:00 - .M. '
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
J Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTik" days »nd Saturdays. § B nndays and Thnrsd»yn.
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTHPi
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3\
8:S0, 5:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Bxtra trip
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:30
and 11 :30 p. m.
6CNDAYSJ— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30. 3:3*
6:00, :20 p.m.
San Rafael to ««-i Frsn«l«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:80, 0:U0. 11:10 a. m-
-12:45,3:40,5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trial
at 1:55 p. M. and 0:35 p. m. . (
BTJNDAYB— 3:lu, 9:40, 11:10 A. M-: 1:40, 3:4* .
6:00,6:25 p.m. \
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Par^ saros J
schedule as above. ; S
l#ave i ,„,«„, Arrive
Ban Francisco. Oct. 14? San rranci «<SO.
WlF.lt I BUB- i.p^fnaiion ! Son- I Wrbk
Days. ! days. destination. | DAY9^ j Dav^
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am
S:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma, j 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:22 Pif
Fulton,
7:30 am V." 4 Windsor, 10:2&aU
Healdsbnrg,
I ytton,
•■■ v >~ Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
i Pieta,
' Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am I Ukiah.. 7:35 pm '6:22 PW
7:30 am '■ i -..■ ■ P 10:25 au
. 8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm | I 6:22 p>c
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
■ and 
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm; Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:00 am | Seba . loi>a , 110:40 AM 1 10:8 ~> AM
8:30 pm | 5:00 pm | ° e ° Mtop< " 1 | 6:lopm | 6:'22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at ' Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and l^akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and I'artiett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blae
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Uooneville,
Greenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, West port, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
velo. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle building
B. C. WHITINO, • R. X. RYAN.
■ ■ : ' Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic
Pacific JiSsg^
Trains leave ani arrlv* •'^Sj^^^SS^SßH
ilarkel-Streei Ferry. jPKgVygg
mn fHxpress. W£sM
To Chicago via A. & l*.CsPS|afeo\ '
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. M..carrvlne i'ullman Palace^*
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered ' TourUt
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Chicaro
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis. ..• ' ■ ' ■
Bus on Kxcurslons. via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave every
I't.esday.
The. best railway from California. to the East.
New rails, new He*: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Smi Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Slain
1531. Oaklaud. Ills Broadway.
Ira i PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
tan Ban Jfr&ncisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 1831
WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7 l2s, •9:1! L
11:00 a. M.: »1:45, 3:45, »5:16. »3:45, :30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. \Vedne»
daya and Saturdays •'. 11:30 p. U. '
SUNDAYS. :;
ror Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, •10:0 i
•11:30 a. M. : •1:30. 3:00, *4:30. 6:16». M.
Trains marked • run to san Uueutin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Pol ct Reyes and way stations— 7(2o a. «l
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. k. satu*
<ays. ■■.-'..--., .• • , i
i-«r Casndero and wav stations— 7 a. K. w««s>
#Mrs; 1:45 r. v. Saturdays. '
TIIE SAN FR4SCISCO ASD SAS JDAQUIf
VALLEY RAILWAY COWAII.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger trains
win run dally, excepting Sunday: -- ,
Southbound. • station!. Northbound,
7:2 > a. m. ......... .5i0vktun. ......... fc:4O p. M
9:19 AM.-.......;..-. Merced ....8:14 p m.
11:60 a m. .... .... ;.-. Fresno ........... 1:10?. m.
- •■■•"' > For Intermediate stations see tlmn-tnble. > -
Connecting steamboats of the CL N. > & I Ca v
leave Ban Iramisco at 6 p. m. dally, excepting ■<
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 ml daily, except n • i
bund ay. f ' J
mm tamalpak/
?• ?-J5 *• * »»*>»*
DA YK_ Leave 8 a m 11 Tn M ' 6:20 p *
% J Hns f °r?Slyi MIU Valley or M> 1 - 6 be"'e "'ARRANGING FOR
A BIG PARADE
Washington's Birthday
Will Be Honored by
Many Cities.
All Will Gather in Oakland
and Unite in tbe
Festivities.
Junior Order of American Mechanics
Have Already Outlined the
Programme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 10. \
Very elaborate arrangements are being
made for the observance of Washington's
birthday by the Junior O.der of United
American Mechanics. Headquarters have
been opened at 855 Broadway, and the fol
lowing officers have been named : Presi
dent, C. W. Miller; secretary, H. Rief;
treßsurer, D. R. Fortl ; executive commit
tee — Percy Heise, L. Hager. G»orge Ran
dolph, A. S. J. Wood, Paul Wuthe,
Charle3 Tyrrell.
"We 1 already have guarantees from soci
eties that will insure a s;reat demonstra
tion," and Secretary Rief to-day. "There
will be no parade in San Francisco on that
day, and we will have all the people from
that side of the bay, as well as delegations
from Santa R>sa, San Jose, Stockton, Au
burn, Healdsbur*; and Sacramento.
"The Grand Army, ;he National Guard,
the Odd ir'eliows an i Masonic orders will
join, and there w.il be some very novel
and interesting features. On February 3
a grand ball wi.l be {riven to help the ex
penses of the narade, which will cost
about $2000.";
Ti:e ioliowing circular has been dis
tribaiei:
Dear Sir and Brother: The Washington birth- ]
day committee is .n full working order. We
solicit, the favorable attention of every mem- i
berof : the Junior Order of American Mechanics
in this county.
As a commute" we can do but little unless I
we rec ive the aid and countenance o£ each |
council. We there :ore appeal to you to make {
the forthcomine celebration the most impor- !
tant question to b* in your individ- ;
ual cnamb.-r. We are anxious to receive your !
suggestions througn ypur delegates and there
by promote a narmony of action which must
result ki tt brilliant success.
Let each Inaividuai member be so impressed
witb the importance o: tne occasion tha: he
wiil feel that ttie parade Is dependent upon
his sturdy ar.d constant effort. With such an
earnest and such a patr;ot;c baptism we will
be able to reach tr.e acme of a grand idea!, j
Let each council present ideas oi novel and
suitable floats, something that has never been
seen nor thought of before, something that I
Officers of the United "Washington's Birthday Parade in Oakland.
will inspire the spectators with the impor
tance of ihe occasion and the grand patriotism
forming at once the toundation and bulwarks
of your sacred order.
COLLEGE OPENS AGAIN.
Many More l asebal Candidates and
Track 'Athlete* Than I. st Year.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10— The spring
term of the State University will open
to-morrow morning. Students will regis
ter for courses during the day. Regular |
recitations will commence at once, with- |
out the delays which generally mart the !
opening of the fall term. The outlook
would indicate that the enrollment for the
remainder of the college year will be
about the same as for the term recently
closed. Those who wi 1 leave of their own j
accord and those whose names will be I
dropped from the roll will doubtless be '
counterbalanced by the new entrants.
With the opening of the term will come j
interest in athletics ami students' affairs I
in general. Baseball and track athletics )
Hi be on the - boom. The almost ' un- j
broken record of defeats :at baseball met I
by the Berkeley piayers at the. hands of J
the Palo Alto men, the overwhelming de- I
feat in the last football contest, and tue I
tying of the score in the track athletic meet !
last spring, has had a strong tendency to
cause the U. C. men to look to their
? laurels. The blue and gold will have a
| much better baseball team than last sea
son, and .the list of men who are in train
ing for the track an ' field events is larger
• by fifteen than in 1896.
Anewsy-tem will b^ inaugurated for,
the choosing of track athletes. It will be
patterned very much after the methods in
use at Harvard. A short time before the >
intercollegiate . match, a standard of
records will be set up, and only those who
>qual or surpass them will be allowed to
inter the games with Stanford. The
:hosen lew will bi put into training
quarters and dieted, which is also an in
novation for Berkeley track athletes.
Anotner source of int-rest for the stu-
Jent body will be the two annual debates
with Stanford, the Te uiar intercollegiate
and the Carnot. Twice as many candi
dates will enter the preliminaries as last
year.
The vacancy in the department of arch
oeoloay caused by the death of Dr.
Qeorse M. R:cuardson wi.l be filled for the
present by Instructor Rockwell of the de
partment ol Latin.
Death of W. H. Kussell.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10 —William
H. Russell, a farmer in the San Joaqnin
Valley, died yesterday afternoon of heart
disease. He was a native of Missouri,
aeed 71 years. The remains have been
shipped to Linden for bural.
Sensations in >tore
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 10.— Edwards
Davis, Oakland's sensational preacher, be
gan last night at the Central Church in
Hamilton Hall a series of characteristic
sermons. Some time ago it was thought
that the poet-preacher had curtailed his
eccentricities because some in his congre
gation had protested against his "actors'
act" in the puipit. The natural bent of
the man was shown la«t night when be
announced tDat his series of sensational
sermons would include tne following sub
jects: January 17, "A General Roa3t; Prot
estants and Romanists in Part;cu:ar."
January 24, "Can Christians Sin? Dance,
Play Cards, Attend Theaters?" January
31, "A Matrimonial Drama in Tnree Acts";
Courtship, Marriaga and Divorce." Fet
ruary 7, "The Advance of Modern
Tdought, and tne Retreat of the Sectarian
Church." February 14, "A Plea for the
Non-Churchman; Because of the Bent-
Backed Bicots."
A Seriou* Lovert' Quarrel.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 10.— Bertha
Hoeper, a girl 19 years of age, shot her
self through the lung shortly belore mid
night. She is a domestic employed at
; Fruitvale. and for some time she has kept
I company wnh a young man named FranK
j Pretti. To-day they had a quarrel, and to
) night Miss Hoeper went to his room, and
after a short conversation she attempted
> -uicide. Her wound waa treated at the
Receiving Hospital and will not prove
fatal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
OAKLAND'S LATEST ENGAGEMENT.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 10.— The engagement was announced yesterday of
Miss Ida B. Hussey ana R chard L. Partington. Miss Ida Hussey is the
second daughter of ex-Sheriff W. H. H. Hussey of Alameda County. She
comes of a well-Known family, her elder sister, Miss Mabel Hussey, being one
of the leading elocutionists around the bay. A few montjus ago Miss Ida made
her debut as a vocalist in the English Lutheran Church. She has a beautifully
sweet atd strong voice. She has just passed her twenty-first birthday, and has
a large circle of friends in local soctety.
Richard L. Partington is one of the best-known artists in California. His
father and one sister are also artists, and another is an accomplished
musician. T c family came from England some years ago. Mr. Partington
is a leading member of The Call's art staff.
HOTLY SCORED
THE MEDIUMS
Rev. Dr. F. R Farrand Says
They Spread Infidel
Teachings*.
Hs Classes the B st of Spiritu
alism as a Clever System
of Legerdemain.
The Clerical L-cturer Believes in
Mind- Reading and Tells What
H Knows.
Rev. F. R. Farrand delivered a lecture
at the Howard Presbyterian Church last
night on "The Evils of Spiritualism."
The speaker took the ground tnat the
Bible and spiritualism are essentials" an
tagonistic and that the study of spiritual
ism conduces to infidelity in spite of all
restraints.
"Tne great trouble with spiritualism is
that it lacks facts," said the speaker. "If
it were based on any real law of nature it
would not be a 'rathole revelation,' as Em
erson termed it. Why, if the spirits of
those we have known can return, do they
not cmc to all of us? Why should a few
mediums be the only ones who can hold
these communications?
"The great trouble is that the origina
tors of this so-called truth have been ex
posed. I refer No the Fox sisters. The>'
were not only' exposed, but they them
selves wen: about the country exposing
their own claims. It was the same thing
with the so-cal.ed great medium Daniel
Holmes."
The speaker challenged any me'lium to
produce anything of consequence in broad
daylight, and said their bt-st acts were
ricks i hat did not even rival the skill of
Herrmaun.
"Many of the alleged spiritual phenom
ena depend upon automatism," be said,
"and arise from mental suggestion."
The speaker thought that mind-reading
would account tor a great deal that now
passes for spiritualism. He said he him
self bad tried tbe experiment of blind foil
ing people and having them find hidden
knives, etc., in a manner truly marvelous.
He believed that much of spiritualism
could be accounted for In a similar man
ner.
WILLIS LOST HIS MONEY.
The Kct. W. T. Jordan Accepts a Call
to the Calvary Baptist Church
of Denver.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 10.— W. F.Willis,
who committed suicide last night in the
Park Hotel, had been employed for the
last two years at Summit Camp, near
Carson, Nov., asa carpenter. Just recently
he returned and visited his former home.
His wife was Miss £va Smith, a daughter
of Lyman Smith.
In speaking of the tragedy to-day Mrs.
Willis saiu : "An injusiice was done
Mr. Willis in saying that we parted on ac
count of his being jealous of me. He
never wai. lam the one that asked for
the separation, and when we parted I left
him. As to bis letters found after bis
death the 'strain' he referred to was the
the loss of money. He should have had
$150 on his person, but nothing can be
lound of it at present."
Mr. Smith stated that the second letter
was meant for him. He said: "Will
came to me and borrowed $5 Saturday,
promising to pay me on Monday, but he
was unable to do it I do not know bow
he lost his money, but undoubtedly the
loss of it caused him to take his life.
Spiritualist K-vival.
The third of a series of meetings under
the auspices of the State Spiritualists' As
sociation was given lasi evening in Scot
tish Hall. The platform was occupied by
Mr-. J. J. Wnimey of this City and Mine.
Maude L. Frie;ag, the noted ballot me
dium of San Diego. Mrs. Whitney gave a
number of communications purpor i x to
come from "friends who have p-*sed on
before." She was followed uy lime. Frie-
tag.
Called to Denver.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 10.— W. T. Jor
dan, who served as pastor of the First
Baptist Church for eighteen months, has
accepted the pastorate of the Calvary
Baptist Church, Denver, Coio., and will
remove to that city with his wife. While
here Mr. Jordan served the church very
acceptably. He leit here just before the
holidays and stopped in Denver. His call
wa wholly unexpected and is from one of
the principal churches of the city. Mrs.
Jordan is still here, bat expects soon to re
ceive word from her husband to prepare
for a removal.
MHitla Target Practice.
ALAMEDA, Cal. Jan 10.- A strong
wind prevented members of Company G
from making any notable scores at the
High-street range to-day. Sergeant Wit
ticic and Private Huff tied on the highest
score, 41. The score was as follows:
Captain Simpson 34, Lieutenant Pickett 35
Sergeants Day 37, Wittich 41, Harvey 34;
Musicians La Dae 31, <'. Wessel 29; Privates
Browning 37, Baker 27, Cardinett 18, Elliott
27, Giflord 31, <iroome 19. Huff 41, har.lman
7, Haidley 32, H -nderson 15, Hanlcy 19 Jones
15, Johnson 29. Kieupfer 29. Lamborn 32,
Lodtmann 11, Kieh 33, Marten 26, McMarsnall
24, Meyer 31, Weyber 19, Russell 34, Rivero
29, Zinn 29, Snreiber 18, Shufer 36, L. YVerrel
23,Tomstm 27.
BEATEN BY HIS WIFE.
John Marks, After a Fight With His
Better Half, Has to Be Sent
to the Hospital.
John Marks, 441 Jessie street, wa< taken
to the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon for repairs. He presented the ap
pearance of a man who had passed
through a threshing machine. There
were five wounds on his scalp, two on his
lips, one on his forehead, one on his
right cheek and two on each leg. Dr.
Bunnell was engaged for about half an
hour stitching and dressing them. They
were ail superficial wounds and will aoon
heal up.
Marks said be had some trouble with
bis wife and she had inflicted the wonnds
upon him, but he declined to «ay what
the trouble was about or what weapon sue
had used.
Mrs. Marks was arrested and booked on
the charge of assault to murder. Sue is a
small woman, 33 years of age, and will
ingly talked about the trouble between
her and i.er husband. The dispute first
began about the coal bill and then it
turned to her dead sifter's iife insurance.
Marks got mad and, seizing her by the
hair, threw her on tue floor and beat her.
She got to her feet, and as he again seized
her by the hair she grabbed a potato
masher and struck wildly at him.
He took the potato masher from her
and then she grabbed a hatchet and
struck him several times with it till he
was forced to give up the fight. Mrs.
Marks declares that she will apply for a
divorce.
CANDIDATES MUST
ACT SPEEDILY
Only Seven Weeks to Elec
tion and No Conven
tion Set.
Rec:-nt Founders of New Reli
gions Have Divided Their
0 d Territory.
The Sunday Closin? Question Neces
sitates Councilmen Being
Diplomats.
Oaklakd Office Sajt Francisco Call,£
908 Broadway, Jan. 10. j
There will have to be some politics
transacted very speedily during the next
seven weeks. So far, with the exception
ot the Popuiists, noihing has been done
that was not undone yesterday, when the
committee of twenty-one virtually sur
rendered their litle to office.
This action on their part neeis some ex-
Dlanation more than has been given. It
is not to be supposed thai men of the
standing of the committee would have
worked a whole month before they dis
covered that they had been duped. It is
an insult to their intelligence to presume
that they worked for four weeks before
they found out that they were toe Jaugh
ine stock of a few machine politicians.
While there may be some ground for
doubting the motive of tne Cny Central
Committee, there can be no dou bt as to the
ability of their apDointees to huve ful
filled the task allotted to them, viz.: that
of naming del- gates to a municipal con
vention.
I« the motive for the committee resign
ing were really that they believ- d they
Had been misled me very best thing in
the world for tuem to do would have been
to go ahfead with their work and visit a
severe punishment on the heads of those
who Had been guilty of tricKery. They
had it in their f.ower to do so. The del
egates they would have named would
have appointed tuo next City Central
Committee and wouid thus Have bad tue
complete satisfaction of making the trick
prove a boomerang to the trickster. This
would certaiuly have been the case had
there beeu no other reason.
But there was another reason and a
powerful one, and Us existence is due to
the very effective and commendable work
of the leaders ot the committee of twenty
one. Quite recently — iv lactthe echoes of
the strne have not yet died away — those
same men, or ratner the wing of the Re
publican party tiiat they represent, suc
ceeded by a struggle, the details ot wb.ch
are well known, in establishing the prin
ciple that delegates to conventions should
be elected at primaries and sHouid not be
appointed by any political org nization.
This principle proved popular and at the
very next primary was indorsed.
As soon «< the committee of twenty-one
realized that it had made a mistake in
trying to ando its own good work it wisely
withdrew. A very conscientious man told
me to-day that this view is not the correct
one, but if not, then the members of the
committee of twenty-one are tHe most un
fortunate victims of circumstances that
are on record even in this "hatchery of
the unexpected."
Oaklar.d is congratulating herself this
week. On numerous occasions the city
has been regarded as the abiding-place of
political and religious cranks, freaks and
enthusiast*. Probably there has oeen some
little foundation for tnis reputation, but
at present >he occupies a rear s«at. During
the past two weeks Berkeley and San
Francisco have each furnisued two sen
sations in the theological wor.d. and Oan
landers are considering why they have
been so graciously passed by.
In the biggest of the turee cities two
new churches have been started— one by a
youne man, the other by an older man —
end out in Berkeley Revs. Payne and
Robbin have huned the thunders of their
respective pulpi s at each otHer, and this
was quickly followed by a young man
from San Francisco and anoiher from the
South founding a new church also at the
Un -versify town.
While the experience of being ignored
is new, Oakland does not resent the slight.
The feeling among some members of
the Alameda delegation is that if Per
kins be not nominated for the Senate on
the first ballot next Tuesday, he wili not
succeed himself. 8* natcr Perkins has no'
acted tai ly by the Republican party of
Alameda County. He has evidently con
sidered that his home delegation was so
safe that be could ignore it with mpunity
and lias broken p^ed^es for wh.ch even
his most ar. ent supporters have not at
tempted to explain or apologize. Spite of
all talk about so-called "indorsement?,"
which, by tne way, when extracted person
ally from candidates prior to election, are
certainly closely allied to violations of the
Purity of Election .Law, the majority of
the legislative members Irom this county
express themselves as being perfectly in
dependent to vote next Tuesday. In fact
it is not contradicted that if two of the
members had pledged themselves in the
Senatorial matter they could not have
been elected. Perkins' actions in the Con
gressional fight and the Waymire matter
have cut deeply.
Some of the expressed candidates for
office next March have a hard task before
them. Tney are trying to carry morals
on one shoulder and politics on the other,
and if the necessary diplomacy be not
forthcoming, many will perish. The Sun
day-closing question has been revived,
and a shrewd uess would be that senti
ment on the matter i& about equally di
vided. The question will probably be
submitted to the people at the next elec
tion, and on the result the next Council
men will presumably act. Tins bein so,
the opponents of c osing wiii mite their
tight against both measure and men. The
issue is a very delicate one for politicians,
as the powerful cliurcu element and tHe
active Christian Endeavorers are on one
side and the majority of the commercial
element on the other. The candidate who
can gain the support of both deserves to
win, and he will. Stcabt W. Booth.
ANXIOUS POB PIiEEDOM.
An Opium Slave Attempts to End Life
;-„•.-: .-', ;•;" •-'•.: With Gag.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Albert Mil
ler, one of the family of three who \. are in
jail with burglary, attempted to
commit suicide ■ last night. ;He stood on
the bench and took the ; gas jet , in f? his
mouth after turning on the gas. He soon
became unconscious. and fell to the floor.
The noise attracted r Jailer Swain and the
boy was found in time to restore him to
■ „.!.„.„«. • ■<■';'-■'■ ■->■■-':'■ ■■"..-;- -■■ ■ -'
The other brother was told of the occur
rence and He replied that he bad decided
to attempt self-destruction, but there is no
gasjet in bl« ceil.
The motner and two sons are confirmed
opium fiends and have frequently been in
jail. , . ,
Skating is the most dangerous of all
pastimes.
TO CUKE A COLJ IN" ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bronio Quinine Tablets. All drug
gisu reiunii the money Uit fail* to care. 25c
Auction Sales
iIDIA^A AUCTION COMPANY.
TO-MORROW. .
Tuesday ..........January 11. 189",
At 11 O'clock A.M.,
1057 MARKET STREET, OPP. JONES,
... VI WILL SELL , *,
$4-00 Worth of Magnificent Furn ture: 1 Parlor
suite in ( arvea, Frames and Klesant Upholstery:
1 Massive Extension TaUlc a;: d H&ndsoia Chairs:
Bedroom bets in Oak and Walnut; Slceooards; 1
Brie-a-Br >c Mantel Mirror.co-t $175: 1 Universal
Kunge, with top: 3 Wimhrop Ranges; Wardrobes.
Bookcases. Bed Lounnes, Mauresaes. • Ml«s!on
Woolen Blankets, Pillows, l«unss, Lamps, Orna-
ments. Glassware, Crockery, 1000 yaws of Carpet
and linoleum, etc. ~M<MBi9WMU>HHMKffeas9H
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
FURNITDRE AUCTIOI.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
1704 I.urkin St., Cor. Washington.
FRANK W. BCTTERFIELO. Auctioneer.
Offlcf— Co2 Market street.
LADIES LEARNING
TO HYPHOTIZE
Leap Year Privilege Now
Extended Through
All the Years.
Grave Danger to Men While j
Intending to Be Only a
Brother to Her.
The Indiscriminate Teachin? of Hyp
notism as Now Practiced
in San Francisco.
Two yonng men of respectable appear
ance have rented a front room with an |
imposing bay-window on Howard street
and have established what the card on the ;
stairs announces— a school of hypnotism.
As one of the young men said yesterday,
they will teach this marvelous and dan
gerous power to any one "who has the '
price." According to this the most de- '
prayed person south of Market street is ;
jast as eligible to become a master of this :
strange phenomenon as the purest-minded j
man or woman.
"Can all persons be taught hypnotism?"
was asked by The Call reporter.
"About 80 per cent of ali people can [
learn to be hypnotists," said Mr. Bodge,
MM of the teachers. '-The remaining 20
per cent are prevented from learning by !
certain scarcely definable characteristics. :
The difficulty to overcome in teaching
hypnotism is to get the subject into a
passive condition. Some persons delude
themselves into thinking they are in that
state when their nervous atiention, to the :
contrary, is greatly strained. They watch
every move the teacher makes. It is very ,
hard then to hypnotize them. I have !
never been hypnotized. I was advised, if
I intended to teach it, never to allow my
self to be put in a hypnotic state. I can
tell by intuition and in a few moments
wueiher a person can be hypnotized or
not."
"Is there not danger to society in this
indiscriminate teaching of this power?"
"There is dancer in the evil use of it,
but we cannot control that. We exact i
j from the pupil a 'promise not to make a
bad use of it, bat, as a matter of fact, all ;
that amounts to is a promise. When
hypnotized a person is in a :alf-conscions \
s;ate. Put a wooden da. ger in the hand
of a subject and tell him to stab a certain \
person, he will not hesitato to do it, but j
we claim that if you give him a real dasr
ger and tell him to do the same thing, he
will not do it, that is if the man in his
heart, while in h:s normal conaition.wou d
do no murder. Ii would be the same with
a man who is strongly prejudiced against
intoxicating liquors. Though you bid
him to do it he would not drink. In the
same way we claim that no advantage could
be taken of a woman."
•'What reasons do your pupils give for
wanting to learn to hypnotize?"
"Various reasons, " replie i youne Bodg».
"Siime want to learn it for busines* rea
sons, some for pleasure and entertain
ment, some for the curative or alleviaiive
properties that there may be in it. That
man who was in here when you came,"
ne said, r?ferring to a middle-aged man
who had called to arrange for the taking
of his tirst lesson, 'says tie wants to use it
on his wife who is ill, and who will not
consent to let any one else hypnotize her.
Physicians are u^ing the power more and
more. A physician who cannot hypnotize
a patient is scarcely up to date.
"They claim that they are the only peo
ple who snould be allowed to use hypnot- !
ism. Ido not see it in that light. Why has j
not that man who wa here a little while \
aeo as much right to use it for the allevia- j
tion of pain in his wife as a physician?"
"D ) women learn hypnotism?"
"Quiie as easily as men. We have about ;
as many ladies, young and old, among our
pupils as men. The ladies u*e it for par- i
lor amusement, and we have one or two j
who are quite proficient. They can majce
a man think be is bis own grandmother."
With this power the new woman be
comes tLe possessor of powerful leap year ;
privileges during the lapse of this and the
centuries to come.
SEff TO-PAT.
Before we knew
of chocolate the best we
could do to keep warm in j
winter was to wrap up or ,
take frequent nips from our
small bottle.
That was good
enough for the time being,
but the after effects were not
always pleasant or satisfy-
ing.
Chocolate will warm the
system just as quickly as
anything else, will keep it
warm longer and help make
it strong and vigorous. At
least that is the merit of
Ghirardelli's.
The original ground
chocolate <s (ihlrardelli's.
30 cants the pound.
BASCII AUCTION COIIPi.IT Inc.,
' " 319-321 SUTTKK STREET,
Bet. Grant Aye. aDd Stockton St. Tele. Grant B7.
I WILL SELL nils DAY.
MOVDAY, January 11, .1897, at 10:30 a. X,ac
i-hovp sale- rooms, a fine ns3Oifn»nt of Household
Furniture, consisting of Parlor, Bedroom, Dining,
Library and Kitchen Furniture, C.-rpets, Stoves,
Ranges, Crockery, Glassware, Atrate and Tinware.
a BASCH. Auctioneer.
KEW TO-DAY.
1 4^+A
I ■ GREAT •
I! ■% ofp j
! OP THE ACE 1
1 A FIB lII]
j ' Which is an external and internal • 9
q remedy without an equal. £
| HOT A m PREPARATION, BQI.OBE |
I THAI HAS STOOD THE OF OVER I
j| A QUARTER OF -A CENTURY. |
♦ ■w
0 O
| Thousands of persons all j
\\ over the United States j
[\ gratefully praise Dr. Mar- jj
; ; tin's Pain Curer and are jj
\\ never without it y
i ■ 4 ,
a a
<> ■ The Carer is free from all lnjurlaus 4 »
j I and poisonous properties, and is en- ' •
\ ) tirely vegetable in its composition. It t '
* * '■ tones up and strengthens the system, 4 <
j| purifies the blood, expels bad matter ©
I 1 from the organs of the body generally, 1 ,
4 * promotes digestion, regulates the appe- 4 •
X tits and secures a healthy state of the ' [
0 1 system and its various functions. Taken ( y
♦ occasionally as a preventive of disease, 4 ■
j? it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ||
Q by promoting healthful action of the 4 \
T skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, 4 •
V bowels, l'^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, | [
0 spinal co**.mn, and the whole nervous ( \
S system. It is also especially always <'
T WOMAN'B FHI£»D, and is nnequaled •
I FOR THE PRETEHTION AND GURE i I
1 • —OF— i I
I 1 Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in j |
< > General, Bowel Complaints, I)y»- 4 ,
' ' pepsia, Dyseatsry, Cholera Mor- i I
1 1 bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, |!
4 > Pneumonia, D!*bet«M, Nervous 4>
< > Complaints, Disease *f the Stom- < I
4 I ach and Bowels Generally, Liver j |
4 ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, 4 >
'I Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, 6
I 1 Local and General Debility, Head- 2
ii ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- S
; I ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, ''
(| Swellings, ' Bolls, Sores, " Ulcers, q
' ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, 41
; , Scalds, Wounds, CostWeness, In- O
O digestion, Skin Diseases, Ezces- |)
X liTe Itchings and many other <►
, , complaints too numerous to name ' '
(I-' here. • In a word, the great Pain Q
$ Curer of the Age is an unequaled O
A family remedy. J J
g Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
( 1 L. CALLIBCH, Wholesale Agent for «
J- t*ie Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. 2
■ ■ " ' ' ~ ~* ■ O
4t> For sale by all druggists. The trade X
supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <■>
& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San o
m Francisco. n
G«« *«♦«♦ *♦© ♦•♦C<K»*O ♦•♦«©♦»
TOE
1 U 1 Us
WEEKLY
C^LL
0/ It Publishes the Cream of the
w News of the. Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
«*{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 if IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
O{ PACIFIC COAST
3 '■* Always Republican, but Always
**S Fair and Impartial in Its
& Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East if
3 You Want to Advertise
3 California.
3 \ /
3 -The. Best'" \ ' / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on X\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to data
ol / V- t
°\ . Not a Line of it Sensational
;ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
0 it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
at Bright, Clean, A Champ! on of
TjY-'i;. Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL THE TIME.
I) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
rS HOME MAIL, $1.50
01 INDUSTRIES .;: : A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR MX
I .
Sl Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|62oKEAR.>'TKT. Established
A in I M&4 for the treatment of Private
W Dlsejic^s, Lost Manhood. • Debility or
disease wearingon body and mlndand
■ Skin Diseases. 'l"hedoctorcareswhen '
■ otbersfall. Try him. Charges low.
■ Caren guaranteed. Callorwrita.
Dr. J. V. «»mßO3f.BojKl»s7.SaaFrancl3cai
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Much Property Being Of
fered at Tempting
Prices.
The Tendency of Property Values
Will Nd Doubt Be Upward
During the Year.
The Excitement and Fear Awakened
by the Presidential Election In
tensified Last Year's Dullness.
There is no properly In San Francisco being
sacrificed at the present time, but there is
much good property being offered here at
prices that will insure investors large returns
within a very few years; and the class of men
who are making investments attests the faith
that is lelt in San Francisco's fortune by those
who arc best able to study carefully the situa
tion here as It now exists.
The following is the opinion of Thomas Ma
gee on the future of the real-estate market:
"We doubt whether daring the mist thirty
years there was a m re unsatisfactory year in
real estate than 1890. .Prices were reduced
everywhere, except on Market street, between
Keurny and Jone-i. Previously, since the dull
ness began in May. L B9l, the best portions of
Pacific Heights, whicn is the best residence
property of .lie City, like the choicest prop
erty on .Market street, kept moving upward, in
the face 01 the otherwise universal full in
prices; but land on Pacific Feirhtn. even the |
very best of it, gave way in IS9CJ, not fre
quently or far, but still its price was weaker.
"As to other property generally,
wprehouse and factory property, it wus Im
possible to fix a price for it, it fell so fast. The
most striking illustration of this was tr.esale j
ot the gas company's property on Howard,]
CtiA&T ROWING THE SUSINES!) IN RE AL CSTATE AOPTGAGfo i; 0 PflEAS>Esro*rHtP*ST 29 v CA r*
(THe 6I«A COLVANb CEPRt^ENT OR EACri yea(? a r«E btiADEO COLUHNS T«C COi?Pf!,PONO!h6 BU*NE»,..«IEA}e£
jCtrnpilci from figures jtretentcd by Thomas Migee & Sons.]
First, Framont and Bealo, between Mission
md Howard. So many foundries and fac;ones
have within the past five years moved away
from there, and rents have been so reduced
that naturally the prices paid were very low.
The excitement and fear awaken* d by the
I're-ideiitial electiou greatly intensified thi
prevailing dullness, bales, for s:x -weeks or
two months prior to that event almost ceased
here as they did elsewhere.
"The real estate on t look is that prices of all
lots in dwelling regions That ate within con
venient reach oi cabie or electric curs will ti"t
fall lurther. The .tendency will be upward,
nlthoueh we look for little advance in prict s
of any kind of dwelling property, of eith. r the j
first, second or thlr i class this year. Trice- ol
the two laM<r »i:vis of property have fallen !
since May, 1891,25 to 40 i>er <•* :. Many j
new houses, costing $1,500 to $5,000 tach, '
have within that time been bolt in the dis
tricts where these reduct:ons occurred and sev
eral fast electric-cur lines hi,ve been built I
nu; ;o thc-in. These mds to progress and in
crease of improvements of course te^d ro a :
vancc price*, and they would have so advanced
lust year, but the pernicious effects of tne in
flation <>f 18S9 to 1891 have not yet been
wholly erased, and no immediate advance ot
prices" ran thereiore yet be looked fur.
"Business properties of any kind, present or i
prospective, paying anything nkeafoir net
inc< me w.ll ho <1 their own this year. The I
best business properties on Market street cer- )
tainly will, and the next best, near to Market
street, whether wholesale or retail, but es
pecially the latter, will not at all be likely to
show weaker prices. Reduced prices for the !
latter ciass of properties were exhibited at nn j
■action sale last year. O'<e of the parcels was i
on Koarny, north of Sutter; another on
Montgomery, oetwefn Busn and Sutter, nnd
ihe th;rd was on Market stree§ itself south
west of First.
"Complaints of a dead real estate market I
and loud complaints of the existing dullness
of business will aid no one. Money and hard
work are needed to revive loth, and both
money and hsrd work have been expended
largely ai.d wisely on the Sun Joaqnin Vui; y
road. Lar£e dividends of City growth and
prosper. ty may soon be expected Irom that
road an well as fair dividends to its stockhold
ers. But very much more work and expendi
ture are needed to push the City ahead, to bring
piosperity and to keep up, as we only can,
with rivals who have been lavish in the ex
penditure of both. We hope and believe that
all the work ana money needed to keep San
Francisco in the Joreground will be 'orthcom- !
ing. The City's growth cannct be permanently j
retarded unless our own culpable supineness !
permits it."
If. H. Crira, one of the oldest real estate ■
brokers in San Francisco, and one who has j
seen many up* and downs in tne business as
regards the fluctuations of the realty market,
has rather decided opinions about real e-tate
matters". He inclines strongly to the be iei
that there is going to be a st<-ady denmnd for!
properly. The gentleman ass rts that quito a ■
large amount of private capital is mateiial
iz;ng either lor loans or investment in real
estate.
He says that idle money has become restless
nnd he leels confident that before long there
will be a great deal of money in this commun
ity at curreui rates of intere-st, which must |
have beneficial results ou real estate and local I
interests gen'-rallr. He claims that whiie •
business affairs have been somewhat out of i
joint f>r the past few yean, the community, i
hs a whole, is in better condition than -.vouia j
be generally exjected.
The following table is a record of the '
amount ot mortgages and releases recorded j
during tne past year:
Ykaf.
jM ORTIVAOKh: ItKI.KASES. I
i
M DKTI.AO
I HO/
18d«.v.:::. ...■.;:...... .
1 «6d.
187 > :.-.....
1871............
IB7a
1873....;
1874... :.::;-r.:
1H76....
1876......
1877
Ib7B
157H..... :
l'BO ....i...
1881....
1bfc2......
I HI-:-! .......
1884 ..v.
I SB6.
18K6
188:
1888 ..;
1889....... .■......•....•..:
iK'Jy
1891-.. .... .:............
1892.. ....._....'.
1893.... '.......
1894....
1895 .....;..
1896..... ...:..;..;;... i
| 89.994. 1K8 *>.-7ti7.51M I
! . 11:48 .707 &392.42J
I 38,2-8.568 5 «_- ,i -It
13.372,&]4 .8,, 99 641
! 1 1. -102,428 9.440,9.-4 I
I 10.UJ.7i2 .8,137.*t>3
I ■ 7,237, 6, i 46.740
j 16.872.704 11,2.1. 51
I 16.8R2, 1 ' 'H 9,. 40,277
| 17. .1*620 11.804 966
; 24,367,77* 13.514 &17
! 15,64^,957' :5, 1,04, 7
9,0.'.5,904 • 10.343,174
7,173.. 86 10.7d4,958
• 7.27K.653 «,«9'J,885
10,0*3, 10 12.012.707;
B,BJJ,OH-' '10,0 i7.870
9,035.702 8>84,488
'9,462,375 7,17 ,787
8.676.581 j 7.852.271
11,» .'> &47 7.8 1.876
13 857.. 9,7.1,265
1H.340,-48 10.2J8.80l
15,796."48 9.935 787
17,694.910 10,97 1,86<!
16.0*50918 10,l;>bl4
13,743.444 9.388.664
! 17,ft1K,719 li.tt 359
j 17,652,007 13.364,190
I M,'J7^.sB4i .10.7ti8.045
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 137 deeds placed on record last
week.
Th* mortgages number fifty-two and aggre
gate $321,217. Tney include the following:
By.the liibernia Bank to Max Brooks, slo,ooo j
for one year,at 014 P er cent, on property on the
oust tine of Jones street, 87:6 north of Geary,
50x137:0 feel: by the Hibernia Bank to F. A.
riinn, .f'^4,ooo for one year at 6 per cent, on
I property on the northeast corner of Bush and
I Kearny streets, 37:6x57 :ti feet; also eastline j
|of Kearuy street, 37 :0 .eet north of Bush, 20x I
; 57:6; by Robert R. Hind to Margaret E. and |
1 F. A. Carroll, $30,000 for one year at 6Vj per j
cent, on property on the west corner oi Fourth
and Harrison streets, southwest 80 by north
west 1U0; by Jacob Dusenbery to Berry Marks,
$15,000 for lour years at 6}£ per ceut, ]
ion property on the nonhen*i corner of i
O'Farrell and Gotigh, east 27:6 by north |
| 120, on the southeast corner of Union and
To. k, east 75 hy south 50. and on the south
line of Green. 137:6 east of Fillmore, east 08:9
by south 137:6; Dy the Hibernia flunk to '
Mary O'Neil, $16,000 for one year at 6% per |
! cent, on property on tue northwest line of
! Towusend, 42ti southwest of Third, southwest !
I 44, northwest 60, southwest 11 :3, northwest I
17:6, northeast 55:3, southeast 77:6; on the I
sonUtwest enruer of Harriet Bnd Howard,
southwest 75 by southeast 80. and on the.
I southeast line of Mission, 335 :3J^ southwest
of Twelfth, southwest 69:6, southeast |
135:3, northeast 68:5, northwest 138:3; by
the California Safe Deposit and Trust Company I
to Cornelia F. and George H. Crosby, $16,000 !
for thre>- years at OJ-^ per cent, on property on i
the north line of Broadway, 187:6 east of !
Gough, east 25 by north 137:6. on the south
west corner of Vallejo ana Lnguua. south 28
by west 107:6. and on tlie west liti" of Laguna,
55:6 south of Vallejo, south 27:6 by west
: lt>7:0; by Hugh McCrum to Julien Smith,
I $1 . ,000 for twelve months at 6U per cent, on :
i norm line of Sacramento, 85 east of Polk, east
i 32:6 by north 77:6, and on the nest line of |
J Guerrero, 160 south of Eighteenth, south 35 i
by west 100: by the Security Savings Bank to I
George E. Williams, executor ot the estate
Of Tnomas H. Williams, $15,000 for one
i year at 7 percent on property on the south-;
: ea.-,t corner of Sansoine and Sacramento :
: street:-, east 185 by south 124; by John D.
■ Murray to John F. Bernard, $5800 for five
j j e;irs at (i per cent (being an undivided one
! ha.f interest;, on the northeast line of Oak |
| Grove avenue, 150 southeast of Harrison ■
; street, southeast 75 by northeast 112? by i
! Lewis DusenberK to Emil Woenne, $16,000 for |
1 four years in o!_i per cent, on the southeast
[ line of Market. street, 42:3 northeast o> Pearl, I
I t-outheasi 80, southwest o. south 6:9',^, i-ast I
j 75, north 94, west 95 :7J>Si southwest 35 :10; by I
! me Ilili>.>r;MH Bunk to tlie Congregation Bell |
j Israel, $15,000 for one year at 6^ ncr ceni, on !
the south line of Geary street, 68:9 west of
| Uetnvia, west 63:9 by south 120.
The releases were forty-one in all and were
! for a total of $191,213. Among them were
'; the following:
From the Hibernia Bank to Andrew \V. Ross I
I Jr., $15,000 on property on the northwest cor- J
j ncr ol Broadway and Luguna street, 34 :4U I
i by 137:6 feet; from the German Bank to celiu 1
Hagan, $12,000 on property on the north line
of Sutler s.reet, 103:11$ west of Buchanan, west
.S4 :4'.. by north 137:15 from the same to John
Carroll, £30,000, and to Margaret E. and
Francis A. Carroll $30,00<\on property on the
west comer of Harrison and Fourth street?,
southwest SO by northwest 100; from the Hi
bernia Bank to M. 1). Koian, $7250 on the
norfh line of Fulton streer, 167:6 west of
Fillmor<». west 30, north 147:0, east 32:0,
south 10, west 2:0, south 137:0; from the
Ptimt' 10 Michaei D. and Margaret Nolan,
$6800 on property on the south line oi Page
street, 107 :(i east ot Broderick, east 30 by
soutu 137 :G; from the Hiberuia Bank to
George T. I'recy, $5000, and to George T. and
Frances J. Pr«cy and Ellen O. Fitschen, and as
trustee, .*4OOO on property on t^ie southeast
line of Mis-ion street. 137 :G northeast of Main,
northeast 45:10 by southeast 137:0; from the
Freuch Hank to Isaac Jacobs, 98500 on prop,
erty on the south line of Eddy suee', 137:0
east of Buchanan, cast 25 by south 137:6.
NEWS ITEMS.
The sale of the property at the northeast
corner of Tost and Stockton streets has not via
been" consummated, aud it will in all proot
biluies fall through. ■
Work on the Affiliated Colleges is progress
ing. The foundation of the dental building,
as well .is the pharmticy building, has teen
finished, and those of the medical department
have been begun. Grading operations on the
rest o: the lot arj now going on.
A two-story East lake residence is being built
by Mrs. Bella Levy, wife of ex-Judge Levy, on
the south side of Jackson street, 137:0" feet
west of Fill more.
The southbide diswlct is to have another
market. It will be on the northwest line of
Howard street, 100 feet east of Sixth, with a
frontage of 100 itet byadej.thof 160. Emil
Kchrlein, the owner of the prorer;y, has de
cided to build a three-story structure on the
land, the entire lower floor "ueina devoted to a
market and the upper part to be arranged in
1 lodge halls.
Foutaua & Co. are preparing the old woolen
mills building at the loot of Van Ness avenue
lor the canning business and a complete can
plant is to be brought from the East. On the
bay, from Polk street to Van Ness avenue,
there is being built a seawall twelve feet
thick, which will give the site an anchorage
lor deep-waier vessels, as well as adding two
fifty vara-s to the rive now owned by Fontaua
&. Co.
I Owing to a shortage in the street fund work
| on the raving with bitumen of Geary street,
I from Kearny to Stockton, and on Stockton
I street, from Geary to Market, will probably be
I delayed. The property-owners along the line
| of th<: streets to be paved sent a petition not
| lorn; to the Supervisors, requesting that
their streets be bitummlzed, they paying half
of the expense and the City the balance, to
which the Supervisors agreed.
Behreiia Joost, vice-president of the Clar
endon Heights Improvement Club, who is in
teresting himself in a bill which will be pre
sented to the Legislature during the. coming
week, lega.izlng a change of street grades,
intends so to revive the project of extending
Market street. ■ ,
Mr. Joost will soon bring the matter before
the Supervisors. He thinks that Market street
I should be opened to the junction <>f .Douglass
and' Nineteenth, and then continued to:H
street on th? couth side of the park. He will
! also advise the widening and extension of
j Kiueteen'h street from Douglass to the Sunset
I district. The extension oi the Utter thorough
fare, if accomplished, would give the Mission
an outlet to the Affiliated Colleges. .
The Health -and Police Committee of the
new Board of Supervisors objects to the
placing of the pefctbonse on the Almshouse
tract. he committee believes that a hospital
for contagious diseases located, iv the center
! of the City would be dangerous to the public
I health. It is believed that the Legislature
wiii take the location 6t a hospital out of the
control of the Supervisors.:
■During the past week the property-owners
!in Eureka Valley met and organized an
improvement club, which will be known as
the Eureka Valley Improvement Ciub. The
following* were cnosen officers: President,
Samuel Wyatt; vice-president. Henry Schroe
der; secretary, S. N. Norton; tieasurer, Henry
Schlieinan. ... ,; „ ; ■_
The lollowing auction sales have been sched
uled by . ihe gents to Cake place during the
coming month: O. F. vonKhein will hold an
Important sale on Tnursday, the ' 28th. Some
of the pieces will be sold by order of the Pro
bate Court, some under bink foreclosure and
some by private order. G. tl. Umbsen will of
ler at public sale on February 1 a choice list of
properties. The parcels . offered will ; partake
of a public administrator's foreclosure, bank
order and commissioner's and referee's bales.
. Easton, Eldriage & Co. are at present pre
paring a catalogue of rronerty : which ; will be
offered at public sale, the date of which, how
ever, has uotyet been decided upon, but will
probably be about Tuesday,* the 19;h inst.
Charles J. Campbell & to. will offer at pub
lic sale on the 25th oi this month a choice
line of City property, '"•-'■ •
. Baldwin & Hammond have been appointed
agents by me Occidental Laud and ' improve
ment Company of another Urge tract <of land
at Burlinpame. — ■
. In the first subdivision of 100 acres, wnere
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
the clubhouse now stands, was the upland
tract, covered to . a larca extent by oak trees,
and in that part W. H. Crocker, Joseph D.
Grant, Henry- T. Scott and Robert. Cole man
purchased land and built res'dences. About
j half of this had be«i disposed of. The remain-
I ing 500 acres he between the 100-acre tract
I and me county-road anil is nearer tne station.
; The roads and drives were laid out under Ral
ston's directions by Albert Poett, the landscape
engineer, and are now delineated by rows of
<ypress, eucalyptus and pepper .trees." Mrs.
! Francis J. Cardan is the first person to buy
i and build in the new section ot Buriingame.
During the" past year Easton, Eldridge & Co.
have done some extensive I colonizing of largo
tracts in California, most of which work, how
ever, has been confined to the southern part of
; the State, where the firm is handling many
I large pieces of property. :In the Orange Blos
som Colony, Stanislaus County, no - lets
! than fifty Eastern families have located dur-
I mc the past twelve months. ". .-..
Walter XL Field, who for: some time past has
had charge of the country land department of
Easton, Eidridge & Co., has resigned his posi
tion and the management of the firm's busi
t ness in this department has passed into the
handsof A. 11. QuHtman. .
I G. 11. Umbse*: & Co. have been appointed
! agents for a large portion of the Wolfskin
! Tract, on Putah Creek, in Solano County, which
! is to be placed on the market and sold in
small subdivisions.
Center &. Spader's sales this month are as
follows: A lot 25x100, on the west line of
Hampshire street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second, for $700; a lot 27j80oii the
! northeast corner of 'iwenty-third and Blanche,
j for 1000, and a lot 25x75, with improvements
| thereon, on the northwest line of Clementina
i street, 500 feel southwest of Fi ih. for $3500.
The stockholders of the San Francisco and
j Oakland Mutual Loan Association held their
I eighth annual meeting last week, Vice-Presi
, dent Malm in tho chair. Secretary A. Sbar
boro read his annual report, which .shows the
finances of the association to be in a very sat
isfactory condition. During the pest eight
I years the association lias made 196 loans,
I amounting to $334,941 52, of whicn amount
i there has already, been repaid $129,120 70,
! the remaining outstanding loans being
I $205,820 82. The sum of $162,935 93 tins !
; been i aid to withdrawal members, including
I $-4,380 43 earnings, which has given interest
|at an average of 9 per cent per annum. ■
The value of the different series of stock is
I as follows:
Paid In. Increase. I Total. 1
First series.. &06 $37 07 $133 97
beeood series 84 29 56 1135(5
Tnud s ries 72 2133 93 33
Fourth strips CO Jft 43 75 43
Fifth series 48 9 4i 67 42
Hxthserie, 3S 5 61 4151
Seventh series.... 24 2 43 !t6 43
Elghtti series 12 81 12 81
The following officers were all re-elected by
unanimous vote: Thomas J. Welsh, presi
dent: diaries A. Malm, vice-president; A.
Merle, treasurer; A. Sbarboro, secretary ; D.
Kreldenricn, attorney lor San Francisco; Land
Title Company, attorney for Alnmeda County;
iiuance committee — James H. Barry, Charles
A. Malm and A. Merle; security committee
for San Francisco— X. Doyle, G. B. Cevasco and
F. Vt. Beibel; security committee for Alameda
County— William Watner, Charles A. Mulm
and A. Sbarboro. The secretary was in
structed to open his books for a limited num
ber of shares of the ninth s-erles.
Charles J. Campbell <t Co. renort the follow
ing vales: Lot 30x85, 0n the southwest rorner
of Dolores and Kighteenth streets, for .*3000;
lot 25x104, on the north line of Clement
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth ave
nues, for $950; lot 27:6x137:6, on the north
lint»t>f Bush street, 82 ;e<j' tasi of Shrader, for
$2500; lot and improvPtnents on the north
hue of Herrrmnn fctrof t, 102 leet east of Web
ster, for :?4300; lot 25 < 100, on the south :ine
of McAllister .-.ireit. 37:t> west of Pierci;, for
$2850; lot 26:0x84. on the northwest corner
c: ■ imnond mid Jersey streets, for $1500. and
three lots, 25x120, on the east line of Eigh
teenth avenue, 150 feet south of B street, for
$350 each.
SHORT HOURS OF LABOR.
Mr. Bliss Urges the Y. M. C. A
to Agitate in That
Direction.
Advocates a Saturday Half-Ho iday,
Which WoulJ Fill the Churches
on Sunday.
In the Y. M. C. A. Hall yesterday aft
ernoon Rev. W. D. P. Bliss addressed a
large audience on his favorite theme of
Christian socialism, also dealing in further
detail with the rminicipalization of public
utilities. —
General Secretary H. J. McCoy presided
and Rev. J. E. Scott and Rev. W. H.
Moreland were among those who occupied
seats upon the plutiorm.
Mr. B.iss pave to his remarks a more
local application than on previous occa
sions and in many cases cited the result
or personal observation in this City to
emphasize the subject under immediate
discussion. He stated apropos of the
congested state of the labor market that
a workingman of San Francisco had in
formed him that unskilled labor could be
obtained in unlimited quantities for board
and 10 cents a day. Machinery might al
most be regarded, under the competitive
system, as the foe of progress and the
home, since it was continually depriving
the skilied emDloye of his job.
The majority of young men, he was
sorry to tray, were airaid to marry and
establish homes of their own The dive
and social impurity inevitably resulted
fr< m stic.ti conditions.
"We must preach a co-operative civ
ilization," urged the sreaker. "We must
eitner have a combination of the few,
which develops greed, or of the many]
whch develops fraternity." The co
operative municipality was, he contend
ed, the most immediately practical means
of securing relorm. The Y. M. C. A., he
pointed oul. might well improve its 'op
portunities by standing foi the lessening
ot Sundar labor, and if the clergymen of
San Francisco desired to till their entireties
they should demand the Saturday balf
hoiiday. A short-hour movement was to
day an imperative necessity.
Shpot hours in the wo/kshop meant Jong
hours in the house, the library and the
church. The extension of municipal aciiv
ities would help materially to hasten these
conditions Mr. Bl:s*s also advocated the
nationalization of telegraphs and rail
roads. In this connection he referred to
the Western Union Company as a corpo
rntion which had "its hand upon the neck
of the United States."
"I believe," aaid he, with emphasis,
"that Uncle Sam should say 'Hands off !'
to the Western Union Telegraph Com
pan.vv"
"God help America," he fervently ex
claimed, "if we go much further inviting
ttie government of corporations, for corpo
rations and by corporations."
The conclusion of Mr. Bliss' address was
an earnest appeal to his hearers to labor
in the true spirit of Jesus Cnnst.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BrBIN'ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 MontgomM7 street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
i' 39 Eagres street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. /
6W. corner Sixteenth and Missioa streets^ open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open untn 9 o'clock.
118 Xinth street, oten until 9:30 o'clock.
•P^=- KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. »
w**' 260," F. and A. M., cor. <>eary and_^
Steiner —Called me ting THIS (MOX. 1 * Tf.
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Fikst/^tN
Degree. By order of the Master. ■ s JMMiftjMß
■ ~ HAKRY- BAEHR. Secretary.
|H^S§=OCOIDtNTAL LODGE NO. 22, f. ]fc~
Kb-*' T and A. M., called meeting for THIS_^V_
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7 :3J o'clock. Jf.
First degree. 'Visitin; brethren cordially in- P^TS
vi cd. By ordirof me W. M.
1 .EDW.'F.'DgLQKß.'Secretary..
SIT^ " AN FttA " x ci -*- 0 aPTK U. NO. m
Kb-*' 1. Royal Aich Ma&o is. meets THls^^^
EVENING. Inia.latlon of Oflicers. "5S^
H. G.PiUNCE, secretary. V > V r \
tt^apALTA I.ODuj-, NO. 206. I. O c > '
S^-^ • .V. Brothers, please take no-^^^g^i
tire. At our next regular meeilu , =^^Ssj^ r
MONDAY EVi..\l.\i;, January 11, ■^Tnvfi 5 -
-4897. installation or officers. Grand Master W. J.
Warboys wi.l be \ present. , VUittng brothers in-
vited toa'iend. \vm. L. 1 OOL, Nob:e Grand.
A. Kkko. Re< ordlna .-ecro:ary.
KiS^ ExcELsfitu I.ODUK no. ■ ■ Zsmu//!,* ;
U*-*' 310, 1.0. O F.— Members, take 2K2S!s±:
notice, Installation or oilic-rs lor the
ensuing term, MONDAY EVENING, ■- -^riiwi
January 11. 1897. st their hall. 2319 Mission st
All I. o. O. F. brothers a c cordially invited to be
pr-sent and enjoy a pleasant cv.nine with us. By
orderof J. T. McINNES, N. G.
: J. A. Di'ncax, Secreiary. .
■jES 1 - A HICHT -WJ'. BURNS— THE vCT >.
*b~~£r Pt. Andrew's Society will rele- jSu tmJ/J
brate th- I}iBih anniversary of the birth fiW
of ROBERT BURNS in Scottish Hall,
105 Laruin st., FKII»AV KVKMKO, January 29.
stereopilcan views, song«, music and recitations.
Dancing at 10 o'clock. Tickets 25c. .
ttS 3 EIN TRACriT oPa R UNO BAU VER-
- 1 ' em — The fifteenth series is now open for
subscriptions, which will be received on MONDA V,
January 1, and TUX DAY, January 12, from 7
o'cloik to 9 o'c.ock p. m., at i.intracht Ha.l, 237
Twelfth st. ■;. -
Par. value of shares $100. Monthly payments
$1 until payments and pi oil amount to the
par value, which will take about 78 mon hs.
Loans granted under ihe most favorable con-
di.ions. F. HUFsi H MID i. President
liknky Gillr Secieiary.
itr^r" THE ANNUAL MKE TING Of THE AS-
w^*' sociatlon of .; the Hospital for Children and
'1 ruin! ml' School for Nurses will be held at the hos-
pital. 370) California St., IUURS AY, January
14, at I:3J P. M. MRS J. W. KERB,
■ -.*'' * " Recording secretary pro .era.
Ep^3s= : DUTCH iu!Nl>G AND Mil LING
tfc-jy Company— The i.> u!tr annual meeting of
the stocKhotdersor the Dutch Mining ai.d Milling
Company will be heli at the office of the com-
pany, rooms 67 ana 68, Stevenson building, sou: h- ;
west corner California and Montgomery street*. I
San Francisco, cai., on MONDAY, tne 18th day j
of January. 1897, at 2 o'clock ' i». 11 , for the |.ur-
pose of electing a board of ulrecior.i to serve for I
the i-iisuine year and for the transaction of such
other business as way be brought oefore the
meeting. Transier book* close Tuursday. Janu»
try 14, 1697, at 4 o'clock p. m.
rsEAi I G. TRITTKNBACH. President.
1 M " J Gkobok W. Okhhabd, Secretary.
San Framisco, January 7, 18:17. .
ar^-s 3 annlTa i MEETING-THE REGULAR
&-»" annual meetineof the stockholders of the j
Cceinic Steamship Company will beheid at the I
oflice of the 'ompatn, 327 Market street, San
l'ranclico, Cal., on THURSDAY', the 21st day of \
January. 1897, at th« hour of 11 o'clock a. M. Ii r i
the purpose of el-cling a board of directois to
ser'-e for the ensuing year and ih- transaction of I
tiich other bud ness as may come before the meet- j
j In*. Transfer books will close ou Saturday, -dan- I
I vary 9, at 12 o'c.ock m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
JK&* THE ANNUAL MEETING OFTHK
t* ; -* 7 stockhoUers of the spring Valley Water
Works will be held at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNKSDAY, the 13 h day of January, 1897. j
at the office of the president of the company, 608 |
California st., sen Francisco, for the election of I
trustees ; and . for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
■ . ,  .PKLHAM W. a ME-. Secretary.
ti'ttiAi, Nuijti.s.
epr;^g= tkk secreiaky »>k 'fSa sax
K^-C Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives no: ice that the following orphan
and hulf-orphun girts and boys have been admitted
to the ins.iiU'.ion from July 1, 1896, to January 1,
1897: Nora Percher, 6Vjj year*: Emma. >hoe-
bridee, 11 years: Ai-nes M. Gartner. 11 years:
Mable Thomas, 10 years: Mary Thomas, 7 years;
Annie l'< oniiH, 5 years; Rosa Capnceui. 8 years:
Gladys Meyer, 12 years; Carrie Louliier, 12 years;
Theresa Casenare. '12" years; Lucy Clement. 7!
years: Nettie Woods, 12 years: Elsie Garatt. 12 i
years; Grace Garatt, 11 years: Julia Mnhliot 3V»
years: Milina Muhllof. 2 years; Ros- Wilmot, 9
years: Henry Welsmau, 7 yean: Rowland Adams,
14V 3 yeais: Htrry Jondshl. 8 years: Louis Capu-
cettt, 7 yean: rank C'apui-etll. 6 years; Thomas
Casenare. 10 years: Leoiiar.l 'Casenare, 8 years:
iJtowu W. A tilt, 6 years; Eugeno F. Mullln. 6
years; Arthur Garatt, 8 years; Walter Garatt. 5
years; Philip Weeks," iy 2 years: Robert Mullin. 3
years; Charles Wilmot. 7 years; Daniel Haines,
131/2 years. ...
ct^S* NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN" THaT
SS^jy the Maria Kip' Oiphanago of . 638 Folsom
st., san Francisco, Cal., has received tl.e following
orphan.' half-orphan arid abandoned girls from Oc-
tober 1 to December 31, 1896: Henrietta Ham-
mer, aged 1 year and 8 months: Violet Herrlni:,
aged 1 v*ar and 8 months; Louise V. R. Howard,
a.'cd 12 years; Haz»l L. l.anghorne, aged 1 year
and 6 11 onths; Almina Frenger, aged 11 years:
Ol«a Frenger. nged 9 years: Alfreda Fren-er, aeed
7 years: Lena C. Claussen. aged B years: Catherine
Coughlin. aged 13 years: mma M. Anderson,
aged 4 years; Florence Cramer, aged 31 years:
Dulce F. Murray, aged 12 years: Jessie Lyncn,
aged 8 years: Inacia Renteria, aged 6 years; Flora
L. McDonald, aged 3 years. •
! t*Zsj' ABANDONED .CHILDREN : IN • ST.
1 Ur-JS' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, from July
1. 1895. to Deo. 31. 1896: John Dyer, age 6
years: Loretta Dyer, a«e 3 years; Milton Dyer,
2 years; Francis Madden, age ; 5 years; Mag-
gie Fitzgerald, age 6 years: Harry Wain, age &
years: Barney Joselyn, a.c 3 years. .
IpS" BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
ft*^ short notice; money to loan on lots north
of the park, In. the Richmond district : easy pay-
ments. Apr-Iy to W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
|K^» I.^DIA OPIUM CURE FOR $v:5: PER-
&*J^ ■ fectly hnrmiess; ladies treated at home. B.
I). KIMMIS, 916 MarKet st. Columbian Budding.
IKgy" BAD TENANTS iiJKCIEO >OK *t:
*»**' rollectiont mad«, city or country. Paclfis
o,'l«Tiion Co.. 415 :.iomgr «t.. room 6. Tel. 6580 ;
- DIVIUK>I> NOTICES. V* '
W~i§* DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
to"-*"".: Bank of San Francisco The board of di-
rectors of this b-.ink nave 'declared a dividend
( **<>•■ 19) ;■' lor the quarter ending December 81,
1896, at .the rale 0! six (6) cent per -annum,
payable on and alter the 15th of Janna v. i r»ns-
fer-books will be cl se.l from the 10ih to tho loth
Inst., both days inclusive. .
_- ; . , rD i;. Davidson, Secretary.
ban Francisco. January. 8, 18 3 7.
C^^^i-OR THE HALF MONTH ENDING i
«*>-*' DecembT 31. 189", a dividend of 83% '
cent a per share on the issued capital stock of the I
E> iso Liirlit and lower Company has ' been de-
clared payable on the 15th day of January, 1897.
o r I'^fer cooks wIU c ose at 5 o'clock on January
8, I»!t7. By orderof the b< ad of directors of the
Edn.ou Li-ht cm PoAer Ctmp ay. ■ *■ .';".-.
JR.. RiKN. Secretary. 1 ■.."•
[ a'll.Vi.o.Nj ■';*• ft .Nii.i,-n,IIALK.
C A YOUNG GIRLS' AWAIT SITUATIONS IN
u » nice families at MARTIN'S, 749 Market
St., telephone 18,0. - [■: . ,- f ;.". .:..- - '.
OX HOUSE GIRLS AWAIT SITUATIONS AT
r^ MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. Telephone Main
GKT --YOCB : COOKS AT MARTIN'S, 749
Market st. Telephone Main 1849.  -.'-. ... :.-.:■
OR D E Yolrit N URSKGIRI.S AT MARTIN'S.'
749Marketst.; telephone Main? 1849. ;
ORDER YOUK SKUI.MJ GIRLS Al' MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market St.; telephone M»rn 1849.
Vn SWKJ)I! > IIUI AWAIT, SITUATION'S
— Vat MARTIN'S. 749 Market: tel. Main 1849. Vi
1 C GERMAN GIRLS AWAIT SITUATIONS
±O at MARTIN'S, 749 Market: tel. 1849. -
9 DANISH GIRLS AW All' SITUATIONS. AT
MARTIN'S, 749 Market St. ;,; :, : \ '
Iji EST SKI.ECTKIi liuUs.ii... I Kl»-i AT MAR-
'■ TIN'S. 749 Market at., ./ Telephone Main 1849.
i ; KssT . FAMILY HELP AT MARTIN'S, 749
» Market st. j Telephone Main 1849. ' -'> .-;
XPfcKIKNUED Gr.RMAN; INFANT NUKHE
de-iresa situation; best of £ reference, MRS.
DA DA Ml. «13 -Sinter st . Tel. Bed 271 3. .". :
WOMAN '; WITH •-, 2>. CHILDKN . 6 AND 8
years old, desires situation in cun try; good
cook; $10; ' references. MISS CULLEN", 323
Butter st.;;'. ■. . ■■■--« ■'■;. - - .-:- . •. — .: v :' "::■• '■■■>-. >.<■:■ ""-': [
VOUSO WOMAN' 7 \VrrH~PRIVH.EGK AT-
A tending school 9 a. m. to 3 P. m.' for room v and
board.?: J. p. JoHNSToN & CO., 872 Broadway,;
Oakland. ',■..-:;.,:-;■.-, c, ,:;'=; ,v,,>..\- : - J • - .'.' -^ >.-'•
WO YilUNli GIRLS WOULD LIKK A PLACE,
. one. ;. wishes to ;do light housework and other
wishes to lake care of baby; nuiu wish to s.e'p
l.oni-; reside with parent*, i6B Converse at., off
Bryant, bet. Eighth and Ninth. fi . rx- :'.'.'? :j
REL.AB E. AMERICAN WOMAN "WISHES
situation to assist with' children, housework
or cliamberwork: good worker, willing and oblig-
ing; wages $20. : Call afternoons, 633 O'Farrell su
: BITCATIONS WANTED— Continued.
i \\r *» NTE D— A i FEW ' MORE 5 PLACES FOrt
'.!. " day work, house cleaning, etc., by young Ger-
man woman. . . Address ■ MRS. ? HICKN V, 602
H« ward st.: near Second. ■ ' ..-'.-;
MIDDLE-AiJED WOMANWISHJiS A SITUA-
Iion; understands American and German
cocking; no ocjection to the country. Call 2 days,
523 Minna st. . " .■■•"-• ■ ;.
p ERMAN WOMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS
VI place to do housework; wages no object. Ad-
dress 8., box 84, Ca;l Office. : "-;
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN DE-
\J sires a situation iv city or country to do house-
work. 829 a Howard st. : •" -. ■'■ •*.: .'-,".... "■
I IRL 15 YEARS WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ . do light housework and assist with children;
prefer Vi seep at home.;; 355 Jessie St.". '■"-:'■
(~i ERMAN GIRL WISHES LIGHT 5 HOUSE-
vJT work and cooking In a small American family.'
1517. Polk st.. near California. ; : ;. -ry--; ; ' -.- ; ,
I IDDLh-AOED Gi RMAN WOMAN WANTS
'' - place to do housework: .- 8 to (10 per month;
good plan cook. - 504 Howard St. ; - r,'.:r / ' •:
/>OLOKED ; woman WOOL,' LIKK laun-
\J dry work to do at home. Apply 11 Auburn St.,
oft Jackson, nr. Taylor. ■■■ -■•-..-." \\--~r - i ./
CIOLO ED girl WOULD : like ; POSITION
/as child's nurse, or will do second work. Ad-
dress G. C, box 108 Call Office. ; :
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK. WASH-
vT In?, ironing or cleaning; by the day. GINS-
BERG, 162- Perry st., bet. Third and Fourth. i
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE BY THE
' \J day, washing, ironing or housecleamug; $1 60 a
day. Address West, box 105, this office. .
R" ESPECTABLE WOMAN.WISHES A SITUA- j
lion to do housework in a small family; best
of references; w.;ges $li. . 1224 V Folsom st. ■■■ -
O MPKTENT WOMAN WA».TS WORK BY
V.' the day; washing, - Ironing, bousecleantng.
353y a Minna (rear), bet Four h and Hfth.
(^ ERMAN GiR.l7 WISHES A PLACE FOR
. VJT cooking and ■ general housework; u> postals.
9 Hampton place, off Folsom st. '.; , ;■■-
GOOD SEWKR WOUL.J LIKE PLACE IN
dressmaking e<tiiblishment ; experienced. Ad-
dress G., iinx 104, Call Olrice. •
E XPtRIENCi-.D YOU LADY .WOULD
like place to tend bakery: understands German.
Address R., box 76. Call Othce. ; ■
■yoU.M* woman desires work by THE
J- day; bou.sp.-.eauing, washing and ironing; $1
per day. 731 Folsom st.
OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
Icht houseu. r'< and rooking, nice family;
wages $10. Coll 513 McAllister st.
Tj^IRST-ULAsS DKESSMaKEK , WISHES'
J; few more engagements by day or at parlors;
terms reasonable. MRS. DYER, 716 Larklu st.
vouno LADY HOLDING - diploma OF
J. Golden Gate Kindergarten ■ Training school de-
sires Ilion as governess to two or three child-
ren! ref-reuces exchanged. Address room 37,
632 Post st.
pOMPETENT.WO.MAN, WISHES A SITUA-
\J lion us a first-clans waitress or cbamberwork;
the beit city reference. Please call at 1505 Pine.
Urh.LL-EDUCATn.Di.ADY D H.M r>KS A PO-
'» st lon as bookkeeper. Address Bookkeeper,
box 18. Call.
\\ OMAN WANTS '1 0 DO LIGHT WASHING
' ' and boused eanlng; fl a day and car lare.
M., box 138, Call. . '
ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
XV housekeeper with family or wnere there is no
family: age 46: willing and nereeaHe. 206 Fourth.
pERMAN woman WISH work BY day.
\J 'ifflce-cleauing, . nursing or washing. Apply
1516% Mlssiou sr.
T ADY WANTa MEN'S WASHING AND
XJ mending; also plain washing. Apply 211
Naloma it.
I)ELIABLE WOMAN WHO IS A GOOD CoOK
XV wishes a situation; will do lUbt housework
and is kind to children: will work for moderate
wages. Address last employers, SBO6 Twenty-
third st. ■-.•'.■- -~
pOMPKTKNI" WOMAN DESIRES HOUSE-
\J work by th* day. Address R. 118 Sixth su
01-OKEI* WOMAN WOULD LIKE DAY'S
work of any kind, $1 a day. or will take wash-
ing home. Address i9^r<i Church aye« be;. Stock-
ton and Powell, Broadway and Vailrjo.
MAHT GIRL, 13 YEARS OLD, HANDY TO
do housework and take care of children, wants
place in exchange or board and do lies and go to
school. Call 2153 Fifteenth st.
"DEFINED WIDOW DESlßtis HOUSEKEKP-
XV er's position . tor widower or bache.or. .. 19- 1>
.Market st.. room 32.
p ehman woman wishes WORK BY the
VJT day washing, lioning or housecleanlng. 1411
Larkin st } -\-
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES WASHING.
. \J noniiu. housecleanlns; or cooking by the day.
Please call or addles MRS. c , 7i38 Union st.
L XPEKI... WOMAN WANTS PLACE
J-<fioking or housework. 4109 Twenly-fourth
and Castro sts. " ■ '
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
son; branch otllce of Th { Call. Sub-
s', riptions and want ads taken. ' " '
(COLORED GIRL WI.sUES A SITUATION:
\J general housework and cooking or as nurse:
mi: to wear caps ana aprons: also colored
woman wants day work, $1 a day. Address F.,
box 79, Call Ofttc».
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
as housekeeper or " nurse. ' Call ' or address
A. L. H., room 6, Madison House, Fifteenth St.,
Oakland. V*
'yuIING LADY, UNINCUMBr.RED, DESIRES
J. place as working housekeeper In bachelor's or
widower's home. 1 Fifth su. room 1.
poUPLE DESIRE A POSITION on a farm.
; \J ranch or In a private family: the wife a good
1 • •ernian housekeeper; .he husband aa American,
willing and obllgliK : best of references. Address
H. and W., box 106, Call Ollic*. '
EXPfcRIENCED DISHWASHER AND AS-
rist with cooking; wages I$: 0 a month: sleep
home. Address Cook, 56 Natoma st, care dress-
maker. v ' . ■ •; ■ -
oung LArjYWITH MANY accomplish-
X merits desires a place as housekeeper in a wid-
ower or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post st.
■\roUNO GK-RAfAN GIRL WoULD LIKt A
X position to assist in light housework. No
postals: call_at 1d23 Powell st.
auY v\BuLl) LiKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
Ing and mending at home. 131 Taylor St., rm.2.
VOUSiO GER>IAN-\VIDO\VDEBIRKS POSI-
I tlon as working housekeeper for; widower or
bachelor 106 Fourth st., room 2. ' ■ "
VUUKU LADY, RECENTLY FROM CON-
X necllcut, desires a position as a working house-
Wo< per in widower's or bache.cr's home. Room 6
1007 Market st.
L'lßsT-CUSS COOK WISHES SITUATION.
r Apply 303-t Sixteenth si.
7 I •_) LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I »'> CALL: subscriptions an i want ad< taken.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS ANI) WANT ADS FOR TH
O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st;
open until 9:3 1 o'clock. •
\\> INCuiij i hit HOUSK 44 THIRD fI..'SK
'»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to fl 60 per night:
II 60 to*6 per week: convenient and respeci»W
';»>- lino «nn t*ec*~» to mvl from lh»- terry.
KiltAiiOAs ki.iAl£,i>-iiAL£.
HUNTER , A CO.. CHINE»K~XnD JatT
' Bese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kfarny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 281. W.C. YOUNG, ra«r
pHiNKsK a Japanese" EST'D. 20 years:
V./help:ti»l.in»ln 1997. BRAD I.EYACO.. 640 Clay.
CUIINf.SK AND JAPANESE KM PLOY Ml. 1'
I office; best help. 414^ O'Farrell. > Tel. E 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
0 73, St. Ann's bl Ig, 6 Ed ly st: teL Main 5234.
poMPI-.TENT MAN^WANTS ; JOB: UuOU
\J gur<!ener; knows all about horses; can drive
well, and has had an extensive experience around-
a house. Address H. 8.. b0x ,76. Call Office. ... j
AN - AN .» .WIFE WANT POSITION ; . MAN
good cook, and wife as chambermaid and wait
on table, 1 country preferred. 'X. M. . box 64. Call.
YOUNG MAX < WISHES: POSITION WHERE I
1 there In no Sunday »or». Address G. M., box j
32, Call Office;
"UUTLERDKSIRES SITUATION IN PRIVATE
li i illy: best 01 city and New York references.
Butler, box 10, Call Oflice. ;,; ___^ > .
p ARDENEH, GERMAN, SINGLE, OF LONG
VJT experience in landscape gardening, green-
house, flowers, orchard ~aud' vegetab.e-^rowing,
with flrst-clasj' references, wishes a sittißtlon 'n a
private place; city or country. B. B , box 44, Ca 1.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS: LABORING
work-, will take land? or lots in payment Ad-
dress M. A., box 160, Call OHlce. -• - .
ANTEI— BY MARRIED ENGINEER, MA*
chintst, draughtsman I and electrician, marine
and stationery i aper<j; shop, plant or mine. G. 8.,
box lu9. Call Office. - -. - - •-■-•-
PRACTICAL - ENGINEER " WANTS PO&I-
-. 'XT tlon nt » stationary work of; any kind; well
Qualified wit i mining ; machinery and I every class
of stationary Mat*. :-. D. W., box 2, Call Office. , - :W ■ ■
AKER :i (FOREMAN I. ■> FIRST -;CLA'S i ON
bread or bread aud I : cakes, wants steady situa-
tion: city or country. -v Address 19Zoe a;., between
1 hlrd and Fourth, near Bryant :;.;*-/ ' Jr;*".
RRIAGE PAINTER. GOOD SI'KIPER AND
letteier; city or country. Address ■C. P., : box
108, Call.'. --■-;-. . ; - ■'-■".■ '.':■-. ":■;•■."'. "■-:■■- .y.^-'-' v_j -: : -.' • : . . :.
IOLINIST OK ACCOMPANIST (am-
. ateur) would like to engage his permanent ser-
vice at very moderate terms. Address M. Si., box
S2, Call office. •' _"::"::.-.-.-." '. .-.r:~.'.:r : .".'. -,'-' :;
1 L>O!>I11O :-■ AS ENGINEER; HAVE HAD 20
JL years' experience In running engine.! and dy-
namos. Address Engineer, box 147, call Office.
" ANTED— WoBK IN, BAKERY; CITY. OR
'• 'cuuutr •-; can make my own yeast. M., box
i 135. Call Office .;-,.«.::. -, ••/. :-- -i; ■>•.,:••.'•■,. -~:
ANTED— WORK BY, YOUNG MAN (GEH-
man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait-
in? or other work : city or country. Please address
H. MILLER, 681 Sacramento St., room 98. i-, •■.'..
v PRiCITCAL - J HuUSr.-PAIN . a ND
; — i paper- hangers with ; tools wl<n . work ■by the
day or | piecework: n good ' work - guaranteed; ■ will .
work very cheap. . Painters, 272 1£ Clementina st,
near F urih. :-i'r.\ •'-.-■": ■-."-'■'.'s."'..-..VrH-'.." ■'"■*•. ' - :
\|AN, A. ED ?• '0, - STRONG iAN D ACTIVE, \
ITX i wants job;. h^nde with tools: can cook, bake; I
any kind or work outside or In:- $16 or less for
steady place. "^F.; >;. 51.. Call Ofilce," Oakland. ' ;.
YOUNG >. MAN (AMERICAN) WIaHKSPOSI-
tIon where i there t is 3 no i Sunday work ; ; good'
I habits ; and I California references. Address C, M..
box 32, fail Office.
■ '. ■ .-.-.-...-. ■ - - - .
SITUATIONS WAyTED-ConHnwii. ,
O^ThaYES ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOt/THE Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. ■:■. 1— — — — — — — -
YOUNG MAN 21. WHO THOROUGHLY UN-
-1 dewtands care of hors»s, can milk, etr . ci-sires
work of miv kind; references. J. P.. box mi. can.
. ARBER>-GoOD WORKMAN WA NTS JOB
- I J in a flrst-ciasj shop. ; Address 1461 Fifth St..
Oakland. -:-; . - : '■ ' ■; . .■■ ■'■'..:. ':' : * '-
ANDY MAN . WANTS WORK IN HOTEL
or ranch; can cook, milk, garden. . P. *■■ *.»
box 13, Call. - ■ ■- ■■■'-■-
: V OUNG MAN, WITH GOOD RErEKENCJfiS.
X.whhes position: any honorable employment
accepted: wages: are no object, as I wish business
experience: bonds if necessary. R., box 125.
MAN.S YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN LAUN-
dry," wants to ran Si. Clair machine for shirts
and collars. Address D T.. 619 Pacific St., city.
HOTEL PORTER, MAN (ENGLI H) AhOUy
XX place, gardener, etc. $^0 and found; good ref-
erences. Add res « M. 8.. box 15. ■. ;
T) RANCH OFFICE OF THf. CALL, 1»7 NINTH
XJ st -Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
riW MONTGOMERY. COKNER OF CLAY—
. ')£ I open unti- 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads, taken.
INCHi-STER HOUSJ-. 44 THIRD .-T., Kit
»» Market; "200 rooms: 25c to «1 60 per night;
$1 50 to »6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and bagpaste to and from the ferry. ; '.. ;
ILiIALi; lltl-i" WANTED.
F'RfcNCH OR GERMAN* COOK, NO WASH,
T $40: German chambermaid and serving girl,
$20: 3 Protestant German ana French second
cirls. $20; x nurses. $20 4 cooks In American
and German families, $25— 530: res:aurant wait-
ress, (-25; and a large umber of girls for cooking
and , housework. J. F. CROSEiT CO.. 316
Sutler su : '
/IEH.MAX NURSE, $20; GERMAN GOV-
VJ erness, $20; second Kirl, $25: 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 to $25; 8 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut-
ler st. . , ' . - ■ _■
uUStWOKK GIRL. WILLOWS. $25; San
Jose, $25: Sonora, $25; Berkeley, $20; San
Mateo, $'25, and other towns; 8 young elris assist,
$10 to $15. Mli-B CULLKN. 323 suiter at.
/ 1 KKMAN CHAMBERMAID AND NURSE,
vX $25: cook same house, $30. JilsS CULLEN,
323 Sutler st. '
\r*-AT Yi-UNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH
1> second eiri, $15 to $20; a in family. MISS
CULLKN. 828 Sutler St.
TVTEAT SECOND GIRL, tAN MATEO, $15;
1' see 'lady here. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter
street. . - .
OOK 'AMERICAN FAMILY, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
ORKINO HOUSEKEEPER WITH A
child. $15. MISa CULLEN. 323 Suiter st.
ANTED— FRENCH OH UEKAIAN COOK,
$35; German chambermaid and seamstress,
$20; laundress ant second work: FreDCh or Ger-
man I. l! me and seamstress; French nurse, $25;
trench girl lor light hou«eworn. .$l6, and L 0 girls
to rill our pi wees. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
Xi MAN COOK $20; GEKMAN ANDSCAN-
dinavian girls for huusework, 2 in family, $20;
second work nurse, number ;of eirls for house;
work. $15 to $-0. MRS.DADAMI, 313 suiter st.
Telephone Red '-713. / -
ASTERN MAN AND WIFE FOR PRIVATE
place: $60. R. T. WARD & ca, t>OB-61OClay.
LAIN HOTEL LA I NDRE&S; $25. R. T.
WARD <fe CO., 608-610 Clay St. :
TTerman HOUSEKEEPER AND GOOD
J cook for 3 gentlemen, Guatemala. $30 and
free fare; see party here 9 a.m., Monday. C. R.
HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HO I RL, $21; CHAM-
bermaid, assist waiting, $20: waitress and
seamstress, »1 5: waitress, small hotel, $15. CR.
HaNsEN «fe CO., Geary st. .
r\ ERMAN COOK, SONORA. FARE PAID, $25:
VJT strong housework girl, Alameda, $20; 3 Swed-
ish or German houtework girls, $20: cook, smi-Il
boardlntc-honse, »15. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110
Geary st. . . - ■ - - ■'
WAll RKSSKB, SAME HOTEL. $20; 2
girls for housework, $15; girl, private family,
near city. $20: cook, city hotel, $26: cook for
nilnai, *30 : nurse; and other places too numerous
10 advertise. MURRAY & REAUY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Cloy st. •■■
OKLS WANTED MONDAY AT MUR-
— .•"> HAY & READY'S, Leading Employment
A gents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
IRL, BROADWAY. $20: GIRL. ELLIS ST.,
nocooki g. $20; G-°rm*n Girl for Ross Val-
ley. $-20; t-irl, Steiner St., $20; 2 eirls. Valiejo st ,
$-0; girl. Gough St., $20: nursegirl, $15; Ameri-
can woman as housekeeper, $12: girl. >utter »"...
$20; gin, Powell St., $15: 6 girls, O'Farrell st.
$15; girl. Green St., $15; 4 girls. Ellis St., 815;
girl. Baker st.. $15: girl. Gough st., $15: girl.
Bush St.. $15; 27 young girls. *8. $10 and $12 per
1 month, assist, etc.; nice families. MARTIN'S,
749 Marke. St.
,\ WAITRESSES', $20 AND RO<M; 3 CHAM-
-0 bermads. $20 and room, wait some; cook, $15
and room: cbamber.-nald and wait some, country,
$2U and room, head waltrt-ss,s^s and room;cbam-
beruald, $12 and room; waitress for restaurant,
{25; waitress and do chamnerwork, $15 and
room : Germ an chambermaid, $20 and room; res-
laurant cook. $30; Jewish cook, $35. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st- .
I>RK.\CH NURSEGIRL; $15. . MARTIN'S,
r 749 Market. '
"OUNG LADY TOACI' A!- ATTENDANT IN
,X a lawyer's office: must be intelligent, refined
and accommodating. Address Attorney, iox7l, '
la 1 office, with full particulars and compensation' I
desired. . • „
:n YOUNG LADIES. STYLISH AND GOOD
OVJ figures for the stag*. Apply to MRS. DL-
RELL. 149 Taylor street, room 3, Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday, from 1 to 4 p. m.
YOUNG AMERICAN OR GERMAN GIRL
t<> assist in taking care of Infant; apply at
15-0 Fell st between the hours of 10 and ID a. m.
References wanted.
\U ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
• ■care of children: good home; wages $6 per
month. Call 2735 Calin.rnia su . ...
\\T ANTED — YOUNGTg IRL TO WORK IN
' » bakery and restaurant; seep at home. Ap-
ply at 306 Hayes si.
* GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
i\ assist with cooking; German preferred, I2IBA
Fulton street, between Siott and Devisadero.
\\r ANTKD— GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF 2
'» children; good home; small wages. 705
Howard st. / .
\\r OMAN WITH $100 WHO UNDERSTANDS
" restaurant business as partner. J., box 15,
Call Office. ■ -. . .' ■'-■■■ -.-...-.
VOUNU < lf.L TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work and sleep at home. 1606 Post st. •
\»; ANTED— GIRL FOX HOUSEWORK: MUST
>' sleep horn*. 1830 OFitrre 1 at., near Pierce.
\V' ANTED— APPRENTICE AT DREsSMAK-
''ing. MRS. Si aCY. 108 Stockton st.
\\J ANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
I! housework. 731 Green st. ■ .
WANTED — GIRL TO ASSIST AT LIGHT
<• housework; wages $6 to $7.- 562 Tehamast.
pOOD COOK WITH HEFERjiNCES; WAGES
VJ $25. Apply 517 DerUadero st., 9to 12.
IRL OR m idd lk-a g kiPwoman for
\J housework: wages, $8. 130 Eddy, v ;
11/ ANTKD— FIRST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID.
'»V : 126 Fifth street: call between 12 aird 1. . .
yoU.\G gikl to assist with house-
X work and cooking. 610 Grove st.'.
-. %V O.MAN OK GIRL: FR M 7 TO 1, "DAILY;
V» general housework. 130 Fourth «t.
OOD WAITRESS JO T. XX CHARGE OF
■ dining parlor; 'French prelerred. 227 Geary. I
liURST-CuA*S CIOAK SALESLADY WANT- I
X ed at KKLLY & LIKBES', 120 Kearny st.
Ul ANTED— PUPiLS for ~a practical I
;millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming tor spring w.-rk; sutlsiaction guaranteed: 1
evening classes.: 22 y 9 Geary or 410 Leavenwonh.
YV ANTED —MI D D LE-AGED PROTEST ANT
tf woman to assist in general housework: must
be willing and obliging; good nome and $7 per'
month. ' Address G. W., Call Office. Oakland. •
11l- NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
HU The Call; subscription: and want ads 1
taken. -:".•. s .- ■ .
RELIABLK YOUNG GIlL FOR SECOND j
.work: sleep home. Call 2620 Vail st.
AN i ED— GIKLS, FHOM 11 To 1. INQUIRE
between and 5. • 1103 Geary.
TENOGKaPHIG SPEKD CLUB NOW BEING
organized at Heald's Business College, 24 I'os.
St.: the: cub will meet two evenings each week i
(Tuesday and Thursday): club tees 91 50amontb.* !
IBKRAL - OFFER! - 2 - WEEKS' SB WING '
lessons, free to < all beginners this week: pat- I
terns cv to order, 25c. McDowell Dresscutting
-Academy, 636 Market, su : ■'; ,' 'tl. - . ■ . ■-
A>TED-MEN; WOMEN TO LEAKN BAR-
bef trade; only 8 weeks require.i: tools given: 1
catalogue sent, s. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard. '
■ T A WRENCE CUTI ING - SCHOOL IS THE
;JJ only reliable place : for ' patterns: - every •• one •■
guaranteed 10 be perfect. ; ; 1231 Market st. ■■"•"; . .
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLtt-"
«,. ■ inchester Housi*. 44 Third su. near Market-
-200 : rooms; i 25c. to $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
; 1,1 LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUITINJ
1 Academy. 14 McAllister Bt.;'sl a week.
. - # '■■ ■ 3AAL_.'-'a'£jui*;' '\t'Aii'x jblu.^ '
W AN f ED-^AN"t^Ra^e"Tul^E^YB"oN
ff shares; young Swiss to milk aud drive milk
wagon. $20 and founo : teamster and wife, $35 and
f0 ™ J; ,£? ' waiters and oih-rs. Apply to J. *•
CRO3ETT & CO., 628 --acramentost. i" >
; \V' AN TED— MIDDLE-AGEI> SINGLE M
M U as salesman tor dairy deiKJt in city, must be a
flrst-ciass butter-maker and have good reierences"
rateea ai^at.* 1 *- aad othe -»
W^v N L X i J r co^ X ANl> WI KJO "«>tt"A COUNI
■f f try bording-school I near city, $60 per month •
must be first class. W. : D. K.WER A COV.'iS Clay
?X HANBEN & CO.,' 110 Geary st. ?;■ .~?- .Z ■ K '\ li -
THOMAS CLARKE, THK PORTER. I'LP am J
; X call. , ÜB. HANSJEN & CO.. IJO Ge_V «t
HELP WAyTED-Conflnni^
7 A MEN V ANTED MONDAY AT MUBRAY
l\) & READY'S. Leading Employment Agents, -
-634 and 636 Clay Bt. ■:■.-- . ,
c waj-tkrs, COOKS. 3 IJ ';L Iw ft A / ;H .! < ; ) K ~', 0 --
O pantrymen. , porter, wages Slo, $5», • SO. **}><
$50 and 865. MURRAY ft HEAD\, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay s .
.i/\'*ARMEKs, *15. $20.52j AN" $30: *"
— U primers. $1 day and board, and 75c ad.y »nd
board; farmer and. wile, lv laborers, 0 sold min-
ers, 5 rock-drillers ami others too numerous to
advertise. MURRAY ,_ READY, Leading Em-
ployment 'Agents. 634 and 636 Clay at.
rpHIKD COOK, SECOND COOK, $25 AN
X room:, waiter, $2i> and room; second tooK.fdJ.
wai:«r, $6 a we^k; young man to learn 'waitinic;
dishwasher, $10 and room: dishwasher, $5 week:
cook. «H5 and room; pastry 'cook and h«-lp on tha
range, $65 and room : cook, $15 and roo:it; cook,
*65 ami room; country coo*. $70 and room, coun-
try. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
T AUNDRYMAN. COUNTRY LA UNDRi, sEeJ
JU party her : barber to run country shop; ranch-
hand, $10. MART :N" . 749 Market.
AN AND WIFK Ti> COOK AND WAIT ON
table; small hotel: $40. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. .■'•■■■
QTEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN* WAITING
O oncustomeis and attend to chsu: must have
8100 cash and be nutUfled with $18 per week. 777
Market st., room 7.
OY TO FEED GORDON PRESS. 403 MAR-
ke: st. ■ ■^
ANTED — FIR.VT-CLASS CABINET-MAK-
er with toils aid benches. 1602 California st.
ANTED— A G OD OK KM AN WAITER.
ff Call at 1 M.. 1111 Market, st. ■ -"vr'
OY WHO . UNDKhSTAN WO KINO
l)flntlng-presa PEAR^ALL, 761 Howard st.
LAUNCH WAITERS; CALL v 7 A. M. 28
XJ First at.. , ____.
BOY- TO LEARN. THK BARBER TRADE;
one experienced preferred D.. box 121, Call. ■
\\' .\NTKD— WAITER. 511 VALENCIA ST.;
»' $20 per month and room. <
VV ANTED— TO SKI.- Tu-DAY. BARBER-
'» chop, 616 Pacific St.. /
NE-CHAIR BARBER- HOP; $25. GOOD
location. Apply Call Office. •
(IE 1 o"MISSloN — SUJSSCKIHTIOXM AND
_COIO want ads taken for THE CALL.
• >ARBKIt&' ELEGANT MIRK. > CASE ; BAH-
D cain If sold at once. Apply 601 Jessie St.
- XT—D— 4'MKA 'in SOLICIT ON ANEW
plan; no goods to . carry; salary it preferred.
156 Fifth st.
TWu-CHAIP. B\RBEK-SHOP FOR BALK
cheap: good location. 415 Hayes su
IJARBERS' PrtOl'KCTl V UNION EMPLOY-
J> ment fecreiary. CONRAD 'IROKLL. 657 Clay
l> AKBtlt-- IfOti till'LuYMi-..M CALL ar.U
X) p. C Barbers' Assn. (V Fl'Clls. U2."i Grant ava.
uliKAi.l Mis..\ BARi.— xte' • EJul'LO IMltj .'
wretarv .H. BERNARD. 102 f-eventh »U
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis,
TYLISM A D DUUALLK CALF SHOES;
our own make: $1 75. 959 Hawaii, ur. Sixth.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 60c: LADIES'. 40c:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck'»,S.F.
Esialo.> WANTS 100 Al..»\ ruTrzri HO I-
. tie b'er or win« 6c; best fren lunch. 643 C1a?.
»>?. I (J MISSION ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
-uIOThe Call; subscriptions and waut ads
taken. .. _. , ■
OSEDALK. 321 ELLIS ST.-BIXI.LE FCJrT
XV nished rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wic
OOMo 15c To 76c P_R A lUH'I ; 60c To *i 6J
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm st.
VOX fULL AND CLEAN 100 .■ir.AL Oit
X? coffee and cakes 5c co to ViV-z Grant aye.
C INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; NIGHT:
0 75c week. Llndeli House, Sixth and Howard.
IV ANTr-D-LA BORERS AND Mtl'HAHlCi
"' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, silll runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 13 J
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 1 er uh..*.
WAN'I 1 v cojl,i.KCT WAUHa Lt L LA HO A
__ *n<fcclr»s. KNOX Collection A_cy. 110 Suite;
"PECRUITSI WANTED FOR THE UNITED
Xt Mates Marino Corns. United States. Navr;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
mad 30 years, who are citizens of the United natoi.
or those who have legally d -dared their intemio.i
to become citizens^ muse be of good character an!
habits and able to speak, read and write Kngliio,
and between 5 )e<-i 5 Incite* and 6 feet in heishc
For further information apply at the ltecrmuuj
Onire. *20 Kills »l, San Francisco, Cat.
T|ti»\ ACME HOU->K. Vo7 _,AitK-,T ST.. BK-'
X low Sixth, for a room: V>« nlcht: $1 a»vt»«c.
E>T IN CITY— SINGLE KUwJIS, lit, 20 AMI
13 25 cents per night:- $1, $1 '25, $1 50 per week.
Parlric House, Commercial and l.eidesdonl au.
LCHOHOU>K. Bts3Vs MARKET ST.— liUOild
20c. 25c to 50c ni?ht: $1 to $2 wees.
\K, r IXCIIKSTKK HUUSIi, 44 THlitD ST., NR.
** MarKet: • 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baTtruee to and from the terry.
\l\ti -AIKN TO 'IAKi-i LUUUINU at 10c iia
1 \J\J and 'JOe a nlgn:. Including cuße« aua rotU.
t24 Washington «v . near Kearn ■ .
W ANT_D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN Til INK OP
ft nome simple thing to uaten:* Protect jrooc
Idea*; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHX
WEDDERBURN _ CO., Dept. L, Fatent Atto:-
ueys. Washington. D. C lor their H-ISKIJ vn»j
offer and list or 200 Inventions wmitpfl. -
"\»/ ANTED— BINi.LJi. KOOM>, lie A. DAY; 41
'» wee*: rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 61) » wee*;
j reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTr-D. YOUR SHOES— WK REPAIit
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repairs.!
at night wnile you wait: laait-a' soling, 35c; men •
toling, 60c; tine shoes made to order trom 82 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up v
$2 60. 662 Mission su. bet. First s;. hii.i Secnn 1 «. .
A<■EM j \\ A> 1 V It.
E (PAS.-lONATELY?^^SOMETHING P^TIRS
within me. She— You should use one of Seed's
water filters. Agents wanted, BRICK <& CO., 777
Market. -
GENTS-S4ADAY GIVING "NO BURNS'*
away. PURINTON tfe CO., Dcs Moines. lowa.
AGENTS TO SELL . PRiFESSOR DX ROO'S
rheumatic oil.- 818 Geary. bet. l lo and 12 a.h
•• r\ UB A"~lsf\v'HA T TH_rp"EOPLE
V.' know about; . now Is the lime to sell oar
-Cuba" book: liberal terms: apply at once lor
territory. F. PHRSOX. Manager subscription De- '
partment, The Whktaker & Ray Company.
A GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
2\. publication since Grant's book Is "General
Miles' Personal . Recollections": every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chlef of ths
United Bta:e» army: first agent's commission
$22 In 3 hours. K. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department The Whitaker ,t Ray Company.
72a Market st.
ROOMS WASTED;
Tf^URNISHED ROOM BY GENTLEMAN: USB
J of piano state prlc. o. X., box 15. Call office.
VV ANTKD— _IISO_._,_ U_.
STEREOPTICON— CAi.CIUM. ATTAcS
ruents, with dissolver and views. Atldtos. box
P 9&. Ca.l Office. , ,
WA > TED— ". -.COND-HA <D GA&OLINE EN-
: f f glne, 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 111, "Call Office. .
UUILDI.M.S Bui »,iri : LUMBi-K, SASiiK^
■L> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission st.
Sell your book.-*, clot 11 in ami jkw-
elry jo a. KLKIN. 109 sixth «.: semi postal.
; '.' UJi>TISTS.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— f-XTKAC fION PAINLESS-
XJ crown worn, bridge wor< and teeth withoa:
plates a specialty. . 33* Suiter. NX. cor. Stockton.
Sn FULL SK.T. Of 1 1 1. 1 U WOil'l $16-
-• . warranted 6 years: extraction free' nlliuxi
60c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OSITIVKJ.Y PAI-M.ESS EXTRACTION*
DR. HARDING, 600 Sutler: tel. main 5375.' ' ]
CHALb'ANT & CIiALFANT, MOVisD t ROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgeworlt specialty^
/-(OLIO-'. DJ-..MAL ASSOCI.v i JON. »06 _l_tZT
\j ket st. DX CHARLK-i W. DECKER.
(jj.rr A SKT FOX TK KTH- W A KUANTED A 4
.YD I good an can be made; tilling $1 Dl_ «si\r_V
dentist. 930 Market su. next BaVrtwln Theater.
|-> A »_*— «"* J-XTKACHu^, •fcoc:"' CKUWV
X bridge work a specialty: plates $3 up: 13 rear? '
experience. R. L. WALSH. UP. s!. 815% Gear"
!)«• -UfLUAI JllLu 1443 tkJLHhik:* sT, .NX."
XJ Eleventh: no ehar,-e lor extracUn- when
plates ara made: old plates made over liko newt '
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 5Uc; gas given.
VULL SKI' or 'IK_TH.S7; FILLINtJ
X crowns $3. - Pacific Dental Parlors.' 18 'I hlrtL '
O* TKEIM WITHOUT A pIaTK utt.
OH. G. unng. 1841 Po!k «:.
1jK..1.J.Lr..b..v. i^UrT.ilAKKh.i.iUrLv.oLuKV
XJ Gate aye.: open evening*; >undav< till noon!
C KOOM - DENTAL ASSOCiATIO V 7_a jiaST
\J ket. .bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists a w£a
fxtractin B .wUh gas. $1; plat^. $5 ,m 'flfi $"'^
1-) K. UhOiWB W. • LKEK. TilK OKN UInF
XJ_ Leek denim, discoverer of painless exiraciloa
■ «nd ! patentee of - improved , bridge work or t#I,I?
without any.plate. moved from gto 10 1 / Farrett , *
ALL vWORK .KKASONAULhi AA_T~W__r
A- ranted. DP, J. W. KEY. 1123 Market «*
LOSX.
JJ^ost^TvtTnV boxT'm arkedT"wHj)uk* "
BKOWN sETTISt I>olT~^vTrir~WiblTl3
breast and white foe • collar with n %villTj »
dress. Inquire Mi 6 Mission "^ 11 . name aml
: ; ■;■;,■■■ I'KOKJKSSI«NAX, CARDS
—w«»n»wi raw 3lo,B ia, & ta uvgr,PajxomjW4FrST>-E«"» CHA.VCEI.
O/"l"i5 BycEKY STORES "~ "
_' ' Prices from $ 100 to $4000 i
(15 coffee-saloons Prices irom $200 to $1000
32 branch bakeries Prices from 50 to $500 '
i Scoal and wood Prices irom $35 )to 1 800 ;
A ■;s>a:oons ..' Prices fr m $350 tos_.->OO !
f 6drJi.-stores Prices from $1200 to $4000 I
7 IS garsti res Prices from $200 to $1200 '
b s:a;ioutry s:ores Prices from ¥3QQ to $850
H. C. DKCKEH. 1020 -Market sl. opp. Fifth.
,r..)7-n FRENCH -IQL'UK STORK; GOOD
r*>_ I JU. coraer. DECKER, 1020 Market at.
C'lQnn RESTAURANT, OY&TER AND
C 1 C'-'v. chop house. DKIKEK, 1020 Market.
_.)n|in IiKOCEKY and BAK; TRADE
•r-.'""'- $1000 per month: cheap rent;, must
sell a: oiKe; half cash. ance good property.
CNDERWOuP 4t CO.. 76, Market __
I)EsiT\Ul ANT— CHAN Ct: OF A LIFETIME-
I death cause of sale: oppoiite carhonse
near factory; value $450; if sold to-day $175 j
8.5 Fourth St. k - . ■ ■
< -Til ) -maTl'« ; kocery. with paying
f OW. bar; 8 hvin^-rooms: cheap rent- 46
• Third su
Ql 00 ¥ALOOX FOR SALE: A BARGAIN;
<_ lv'u. owner leaving city. 854 Howard si.
C A LOON POR sai.K— APPLY AT ANCHOR
C? brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
HOR<_ AND WAGON; GOOD ROUTE. 1405
Baser st.
<2t >^lWJ 1 W.XNT TO BOKK..VV THIS ;
<.-"""• amount for six months: tmple se- !
curity: will pive situation to good party for one
year or longer at -"0 per month: particulars only
a: personal interview. Address S. s., box 90, this
office.
i> c i cher-shopThorshs. WAGONS, HAR-
i-> ce-ss; 3 mi. from Oakland: for sale cheap:
ownr-r going away: low- rent; good trade. A. 8., j
box 5. Call Office. Oakland.
EASTERN HOISE WaNTS RESPONSIBLE
party wj h $300 to $400 to control business oa
this co»s'-: bie openin?. Apply to MR. KNOW L-
TON, Royal House. IL6 Ellis st.
Q-' CASH: AK'i'VKK WANTED IN NICE
0 ' «-» payii g office business: will clear $110
each; no night work: experience unnecessary. 215
S&r>some st.. room 11.
"PARTNER WANTED IX CASH BUSINESS
-L pa\ ins 140 per > ay; lady or gent; capital re-
quired S4OJ: medical. Call 800 Washington, r. 2.
I OOD KXA.II INEi: ROI'TE FOR SALE; IN
vJ center of oaklacd. F . HILL, 1148 Chester St.,
Oakland.
HEAP: GROCERY AND BAR. INQUIRE
\J HILBERT BROS., liquor-store, Ellis and "
rPowe 1 sis.
COX A PAYING CIGAR-STPRK: OTHER \
K?OxJ\J. business- Inquire 1001 Mission st.
/•ENIL EM AN PARTNER WANTED BY f
VJ young widow of means. 104 Mason st.
QOX|| NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE OF |
QOOU. 16 rooms. Appl.- 17 Third ;_ I
I>KClrsT<»B_ FOB SALE; GOOD STAN D
Inquire 21 2 Grant aye. • :
L3AKKRY; • OLI-EsTABLISHED OVEN; I
X) living-rooms. Key 121 P?.cific st. j
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON: INVESTI-
gation if desired. 153 Steuart st. i
J""OR BARGAINS IN BUSINESS t>F ANY '<
X kind see UNDERWOOD _; CO. 765 Market St. (
TjARBEK-SHOP AND BILLIARD- i 1
I) •> tables: worth $400: will take $325: 1225 !
cash; balance in installments: situated in boys'
aormi orv. Stanford University. Address _
BONNARDEL.
If OR SALE— A BARGAIN; TAILORING Es-
■ J tablishment In Hay wards; no competition: fine j
trade: owner going Kan cause of se. ling. Ca.l or j
address C. M. BRUUN. Haywards. Cal. I
T ODGING-HOUSE. 37 ROOMS: HALF INTER- >
J.J est or wno c: < heap on account of afflictions. j
. S*« owner. 32 Fourth st, room 6: do agents.
PARTNER WANTED in an old estab-
Xlished bakery; reference*: one who is a b&ker
preferred. A. F., box 2. Call Office.
_oi i/j LOUG ING-HOUSE, IS ROOMS;
«J)OUU. nicely furbished; near Market st.
Business Exchange. 777 Market st.
AIRY PRODUCE ROUT— HORSE AN©
agon, for sale cheap cc cunt of other bust- ■
i-^Si. Apply 52 StTenthst. '.' r y-'\-
AN WITH $300 AN* DOUBLE HI? MONEY
Ml says; come quick. Address R-, box 22,
Call offl.e. ' '-;-■■.
CTL'HKK - SHOP : ESTABLISHED BUSI-'
X> r.e-s: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric |
Market. 4066 Twenty-fourth St.. near C&uro. -
VOW IS YOUR TIMf. TO BUY A FIRST- '
-i.' class candy-store. Address F., box 67, Call.
AY, GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL YARD.
3915 .Mission St.; business locality.
1) EST Al KANT FOR SALE; DOING BUsI-
XX ness. At-ply 1300 Powe-1 st.
Q-nij GROCERY, DOINGGOOD BUSINESS, !
rjJUU. for sale. 132 Seven ihst. ■ *-->1. 1 ,-.r- (
• VOX SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; CEN-
X -_.y located: doing cood business. Inquire , ;
HEY GRAIEKHoI.Z & CO.. 224 Front st. ,- |
. OOD PAYING CANDY RoUie AND TWO i
<i wagons. Address L. PKENNINOER. 28 Page. j
4 r> ROCERY AND NOTION Si ORE FOR SALE j
I "JT cheap. Apply Call Office. - ' j
I "I ADV OF Mr ANS DE>IKE> GENTLEMAN
XJ business partner. boom 2, 223 P^st st. '
L RENCH F^Mil.V i.IQUOR-aTOKE; ESTAB-
X llshe>l 1874. For particulars call telephone <
Mint 1182.
p KOL'ERY, BAR. STOCK AND KIXTCRES;
VJT living-rooms: ch-aD rent. Apply this office.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
young lady of m^ans. Boom 1. No. 1 Fifth at,
ANHsBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL I
sell "-3 interest in its property and basiness for ;
SbOOO chjq; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'v: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar ■
T. Stuck", 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Rantlsburg. Ca;. I
IF fOXJ WANT TO SKLL YOUR SALOON OR I
J. grocery for spot cash address I., box 120. Call, j
Nt -•• xtot ir. AN j.2\L'k.tU<JiL Ci * j
1> dose to — — Fiaacta<.u. t\u parucciars apt_/ !
ibis office- '
Tl ' ANTED— PARTNER WITH *40.000 iN A j
*• grocery and liquor home established silica •
]b63. Address A. V . box 39. Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSES lOt: SALE.
OFFER FO^R^ALE~THI^DA*Y - '""__;
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY
FOR CASH OR KASY PAYMENT'S ',
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house.. «700 room house... $500 j
IL'-rcota house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
65 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sutler. 700
1 1 rs., must sell 20 > 66 rms, best city .3,500
15 rooms, new.. 1,250 31 -room house.. .1.400
27 rooms, new. 3.000 110 rooms, corner.S,oUo
2CO rooms, hotel. 10.000 11 rooms, 0n1y... 75
35 rooms. ceDtrl 2.500J 10 rooms. Jones st 300 j
—1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS
H. C. DECK. R, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
~T M. »PECK — CO., 602 MARKET ST.
-■*_. 18 rooms: tine furniture; nr. Baldwin. .ssso
25 rooms: nr. Palace Ho:e! *450
40 rooms: < or.; monthly income $445; clears $165
65 rooms: old-established hot»l. $1000
OCf\f\ W ELL LOCATED HOUSE OF 36
«SUUU. nicely furnished room; all lulL 45
1 hird st. ___________
,ANT"LV FURNISHED 9-ROOM HOUSE:
Xi -..-paying; rent cheap. 211 Ninth st.
VINE LODGING-HOUSE; 32 ROOMS: ONE
T ottheb-st locations in the city: satisfactory
reasons for selling. 704 Howard St., corner aid.
f-L'OR LARGEST LIST AND LOWEST PRICES |
■Tin rooming-hcnses see UN DEHWOOD, 766 Mkt |
<)Q FURNISHED ROOMS; DOING GOOD
_O business: for sale on account of departure.
916 Howard st. -■-•
C 916 Howard st. - . =
1 ILKMXtI— Jr'OK SALt.
Af\{ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS. $.1
T'JU stoves, $5: parlor teM, *20: foldmg-bedv
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 MissiQ-
-1 L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or goOJ
is new: caa I or on time: opea_veninga. .
TmJKnTsHED FLAT. « ROOMS, FOR SALE
J Tery reasonable. 617^; McAllister st. >
T/URNiI'IRK. aiOVES. CARPET-. CO UN-
£ ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market. j
U(. Ki.M-il FCRNITUKE CO. — LOWK->I ;
J > prices: forniture. carp* all rrades. _6«MU:t'ri y
ILKMTLi'- \VA>T__.
HIGHER PKICIC THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction Co, 1057 Market.opp.Jonei
I" "F"y<jU WANT PRICKS for ftjbni-
-1 ture and merchanaise see BURP, -11 Larkla.
TTTsU PAID Foil t.\Tlf.E KOtsfc.-. OH
_ smaller lots of furniture, carpets, *'**• ->■
IiOWCHKR. -- Mock:on: s*-D'! postal.
CAlil*_r C__AN_N<i.
CiM ■ AKl'_r UtAMVi WOKKS.
Kj cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
tier. its and 40 i ignth St.; telephone soath -50.
U'HK. < < V..L' Btt'uMK Ul-Ul'.MilLi WITH
»» poor work toSPAUXDING'S PioneerCa^
pet-beating Works, 353-57 lehamas:.; tel. So- 40.
/ 'A CLEANED * RENOVATED LIKE
V, new. 23 Tenth; U»L feouth 36. Mackintosh it Co.
~T X JUiCHi-.LL. CAtiPKT-' __AM-Xc» CO.,
* O . 240 14tn su : cleanin: 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
/"lARPEI-CLEA-MNG, 3c; LAVING, 3c: RUG
° \J samples free; tel. -)esale944. -traiton, 198 th »_
7 oTK__vT~CA'RPr.T"- BEATING WOKKat
V.' 3 3 Golden Gate »ye. Telephone Has' 1-6.
1* , A-TOK>Jils-AT -iAW.
I * DVICE FREE-DIVORCE LAWS A Si-Cl-
\ _\ alty private; no charge unless successful; all
V lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. »*. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market.
• C-ON_CIENTIOL>-, BULJaBLL ATTORNEY;
I\J all business strict v confidential; ■ terms rea-
sonable; best references: ■>■ ana Stat*coorts. JU
E PHILLIFij.3I-9/ Supreme Court iild,3Us Larkin ,
A DVICE FREE; NO CfiA&U- UNLESS sit -
A. cessfnL J. G. JEFFP.tBS. 63- Market, rin.-i.
1) W. KING. CHRONICLE LUG; CONSUir
JLt. t-tiocj free: probate: all ca-es: fee* low. . I
* 1) V I*.:!- FK_K: NO CHARUK UNLESS I
A tt_i_l. W. W. DAVIDSON. 6-7 ___*«*_ i |
HOtTSKS TO LET. j
' Ql 7 TRNTH AVi, NJAfi CLEMENT -
OJ I Large, sunny 6-room cottage: cheap rent
to good tenant. C F. M'JORE. 935 Market, rm. 4.
Th.NIH — LARGE -TORE. SUITABLE .
_ for grocery, liquor: perfect order: cheap.
1 9J.1 «EABY-HOUSE 7 ROOMS, BATH,
—iI VI large able. yard; suitable expressman.
UI'SK TO LET— HAMPTON Pi ACE, OFF
Folanrn st., between Second and Third.
X ROOMS; a 338 Sc.COXD Sri! *15, PER
O month. Key at 539 -econd St. ' ,
7 ROOMS; 537b SKCOND ST.; 117 PER
• month. Key a; 539 Second st.
=, ROOMS; NKW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
*) provements; 45 FVdera: r.J $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 -eco 'd st. 1
uUSEs lv X— tit fuit VKKV UTI'LK
money at EA—UWIN __.iM_O.MJi v
! MoMc-fnerr -■ - 1
COTTAGES TO X—T.
m~~ 7"_O--B_B_, HBAB HYDE; COTT \
i of 5 roams aud bath: rent $16: water
free. Apply DAVID hTEBN <_ SONS. _0 Mont-
gomery st. -' •; - •
ETEGANT COTTAGE: BAY - WIN D 5
rooms a: d bath: basement. 1802 Sanchez st.
I _7 REAR COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; BASE-
S• . me- 1: water free. 339 Jersey; Castro cars.
-. Ift IOTTAGE; N. SIDE OF TWENTIETH
1 0 IU. St., near Castro. j
"7 NOTICE - NEW FLATS, KW COT-
A. ta:es, 3 to 8 room*: genuine redaction al- ;
lowed good tenants: we can snlt rich and poor J
people. A. M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
_> T CHEAP— SUNNY COTTAGE 4 AND 5
rooms, bath, basement, stable. Fifteenth and
• Dolor sts _____
i V-UNNV: 4 KO'MS, YARD, CKLLAR: $11.
I t^ Second »'.. between Brannan and Towno°nd.
HK-MSHED FLATS.
A ROOMS OF FLAT; NICKLY furnished
T- for housekeeping. 1023 Ells at.
JtLATS 1 0 XJST.
TT^?PEB BATEtr^FINE
L. view. Apply 1325 Washington «L, nr. Jones-
Vice BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4 KOOMS: 14
-i^ Moss St.. bet. bix h and Seventh, nr. Howard.
T OWER AND MIDDLE FLATS: 5 ROOMS,
•JU bath and yard. 1722 Folsom St., near Thir-
teen th^lS^ta^.
I TIiAT 4 RO-»MS. BATH AND GAS; 812.
j X From 11 to 2, 420 Lilly aye. <
-jni- GROVE, NKABGOUOH-SjJJNNY FLAT
! t)DO 5 rooms and bath.
j '1 Q HAIUHT— S_W MODERN FLAT: 7
I OLD rooms, bath; just finished; light and
| sunny.
EAUTIFUL 7 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNN V
-D 223 a Devisad?ro 3:., near Ha ght. .
j _1/\ 5 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD. 25
j <_? J-U. Chattanooga St., near Twenty-second.
i 1 HOI HAIGHT. NR.BAKER— NICK ti-ROOM j
! lU— l flat; best block on Halghtnt.: fine view.
' _ I 9 _SAY-WINDpW FLAT OF 4 hOOMS.
j 01 — . 1360 Stevenson st, near Thirteenth.
ANDSOME NEW SUNNY FLAT; 8 BOOMS:
bath; lar_e basement; beautiful marine new:
low rent. 2115 Hyde st. __.
O LET—NICE SUNNY UPPER FLAT, 5
rooms and bath; Twenty-fourth and Sanchez;
i Twenty-second-st. electric cars pass the door: 13.
: _1 9 FOUR SUNNY ROOMS. BATH,
1 t?l_.. basement: fine view; good neighborhood;
1 block from Castro s_; references exchanged.
! 602 Liberty st. - __
j ■V"fc.W SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS;
( _.> 3175 Twenty-fifth st , corner Foisom. J. a.
ULRICH, 41 rocker building.
»> UNION— S BOOMS, BATH. $16; 805
— Union— 3 rooms, flat, $10; also 4 rooms,
$11. - ■ .
J.IA FLAT, ■ 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
oIU. meat; ait clean. 123 San Jose aye., nr.
Twenty-third st. "v -> ' _____]
1 •>._> LARK IN, OPPOSITE CITY HALL-SIX
; 100 rooms and b_th; top flat. . •
1 A METCALFE PLACE, OFF GEARY NEAR
-Lt: Mason— Upper flat: 6 rooms: ba.h; $32 50. ,
VTEW UPPER* CORNER FLAT; 6 BOOMS
: _> and bath. . 223 Eleveath st.
_ 1 Q 1425 a SACRAMENTO NEAR HYDE;
' C-LO. upper flat; 5 sunny rooms; bath.
ODERN SUNNY 5-BOOM FLAT; CHEAP.
841 Caop gt., near Twenty-fourth.
9/j i Jl sUTTKR — NICE SUNNY UPPER
__Ul_2 flat: newly papered: yard: $15.
_>Q1 TEHAMA. BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
I 001. 6 rooms: latest improvements^ rent low.
( _Tq AND $20: MOP KR.N FL \TS, 5 AND 6
»_* -I C* rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher st., near S. end
■ Fillmore.
1 FULTON — EX IRA FINE NEW UPPEK"
J 'i— flat 7 rooms: D-itn: $35. '■
1 til • OKAKY — 4 nSFIRXIsHKII ROOMS.
•-10 suitable for business -Key 217 Geary st.
V- FLATS SOW-READY; 3'IOS ROOMS:
; 1' $15 and up. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
eral st.; 10 a tenant without children: $10 per
i month. Key at 539 second st.
\ _ 1 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS.
■. Oil. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st, bet.
i Noe aDd Sanchez. ~ - •
' 90 PROSPER »T. t OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
! _O block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
; modern 5-room flat: rent $15: water free.
/ HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6t*
' V, rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 523 a Seventh st.
LATS TO KENT FOR VKKY _TT__
money at • BALDWIN «_ HA_L— ONira, HI
»onirom»ry *_
__-»*a_J__J_"_M- _iuo_i_.
Buchanan Street.
Of\cy BUCHANAN, COR. FELL— ELEGANT
01/ — middle fiat: 4su any rooms: - bay-window
J parlors ; fnrnlshed leas room if desired.
Castro Street.
Af\r CASTRO. NE\R SEVENTEENTH -
—U _) Rear: 3 nlc« sunny housekeeping- rooms:
large yard; cheap. ■ ■ - ■
_-aiiy Street.
ri Q EDDY— L \ ROE ALCOVE ROOM; FOLD-
lit/ Ing bed; use of piano and kitchen.
Kighth Street.
mFIGHTH— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping.
- 11th Street.
Ql A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WlN-
_> I "i dow room, kitchen, bath, no cnil<3r<»n: $12.
O'>9 FIFTH— BOOMS, FURNISUtD FOB
O— — housekeeping: cheap rent.
irourth Street.
99?: FOURTH — ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
_.__-> light housekeeping.
Geary Street. . .
99- GEARY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
_.__o suitable for dressmaker; business location.
1.0 ward Street.
! rrr\ * HOWARD, COX. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
iU4 nished front room *: also house'epg rooms.
-1 l()C* HOWARD— 2 NEATLY FUKNISHKD
1 I_.C rooms for housekepping: bath, stove,
closets; only sober, quif t people need apply.
_e~rny Street.
90 A KEARNY— 2OR 3 ROOMS.FURNISHED
_«_>V/ for housekeeping, with coal or gas stove.
inn a. Street.
£__*• MINNA-NICE SINGLE AND SUNNY
ODO housekeeping rooms; cheap. ■
Mission Street.
OOQ MISSION— NICE SUNNY HOUSE-
i COO keeping rooms. ' ' '
j 1 ra)f\ MISSION- FURNISHED HOUSE-
I it)-U keeping room*; sunny.
; 1 «»=1 .MIS»>ION, COR. NINTH— 2 &UN.NY
! I_<Jl houie-eeplng rooms; $10. ' '
.Suit it Street.
9-1 NINTH— SUNNY SUITE FOR HOU3E-
_-l keeping, grate, gas; also single. -
i u.k street.
19-1 Q POLK-FURNIsHED BACK PARLOR
I_-.I Cf and kitchen; larje front room; running
w»ter: single. ' .' . .- ■ -
lost Street.
-■• C POST-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
I Id rooms: reasonable: rooms for housekeeping.
sevenfn Street.
1 in SEVESTH-OIRARD HOUSE; SUITES
X _t_- and kitchen: also single rooms. '
' butter Street.
/700 BUTTER, NB. JONEB— NICELY FUR.
I «J_. nished boosekeeping rooms; rent cneap.
•I ink Street.
1 o CLEVELAND, O»* SEVENTH, BELOW
: _ _ folsom— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms: $8.
1 - "«<> TURK— «ING^E FRONT RUOM; BATH;
! O-iO gas: private; $6. . '
"» atii >eas Avcuiio.
000 VAN NESS AYE.-FRONT SUITES OF
_« <)£ 2 and 8 rooms partly or completely fur-
nished, with separate kitchen and g.s r_nge.
Webster Street. J
r-i 1 WEBSTFR— 3 OR 4 LARGE HAND-
-1 1 1 »ome rooms for housekeeping.
■ ' STOKAti-.
_ TOKAGE-CHhAPE-ST IN IH.& CITY; FJTr_>
0 proof building; ad— ncea made. : 211 I— rttln.
— IL'KNITURE. ?1A503, - TRUNKS: AD-
"v_c«; _uppiD«. .HA* i. TAVM)K,»* Po_'
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
ROOMS TO -El:.
Lu 3 u street.
1 00S? B BUSH .COR. JONES— SINGLE OR EN
Clara Street. . "
C Ol CLARA "-T.; $5 fEB MONTH; NICE I
'J~ '£ sunny furnished front loom.
Clementina xtreet. •
V^ICELY FURNISHED ROOM. WITH GAS IN
i-> private family: $6. 339 Clementina st.
jfciiltly Street.
UEDDY — FURNISHED ROOM«, SINGLE
and doable, -5c to 50c a night; $1 50 to *3 a
week. ■ * ' : : ■■'_: L ' ~'~-~^^ '
_OQ EDDY— FURNISHED SUNNY -•'RONT
"i—( - room lor one or two gentlemen: German'
family. ' ■ :
ton EDDY— FURNISHED SINGLE ROOM,
OO\J with oil stove; (4 per month.
/•07 EDDY — FRONT, -INGLE ROOMS;
DO I very reasonable. . . . ■ . •..
_ighth Street. -.. . -
CHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st., near Market: furnished and nnfurnisbed.
Kllil .Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
cent lights in every room: reading-room.' con-
taining daliy pacers: "smoking-room and. ladies'
parlor; open all nliht:, rooms per nigh;. 35c to
$1 50; weeK, $2 to $s: month. $8 to $30: tire es-
tares: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold .water In each room; baths.
'I 11F KA.MONA.I3U ELLIS. MR*. KATRI
1 HART, mtnacer— A <)_iet house: centrally lo-
rued: newly fnrnlsbed: elevator-, A cola wa'er.
< iixtn isneo;.
"I no FIFTH-CARNARVON CASTLE: NICE-
L\.l./ly farnlshea rooms by day or week; from
; $1 25 up per week.
991 FIFTH— SUNNY ROOMS; HUITES OR
— >— 1 single; *1 op per week. •. ■ . •
i olsoin Street.
rr not FOLSOM — SUNNY FURNISHED
I DDsroom; also unfurnished: every conven- j
ience: cheap. ■ . i
Geary Street.
*■. ' 1
Q9Q GEARY. _K. POWELL— SUNNY FUR- :
O_-O nished bay-window and other rooms; rea- '
sonable. . '
aRTINETTI, 1101 GEARY. sW. C K. VAN
Ness— suites and singles; newly furnished.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE! — SUNNY DOUBLE
— L >J front room: grate: and single: cheap.
Harrison Street.
7- f» HARRISON — PLEASANT SUNNY
I O\j front and backrooms; reasonable.
7791 HARRISON — UN ELY FURNISHED
I I —2 rooms; bath, closet, yard: $1 per week.
I flfiJ. HARRISON —FURNISHED FRONT
IUVJi room: pleasant and cheap.
liuwaril Street.
Qf\Q FURNISHED ROOM SUITA-
O\jO tie for a gentleman. MRS. L. DKAN.
000 HOWARD, CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
''CO furnished suites 53 50 a week; sinzl- beds,
$1 25 to $1 50; double beds, $1 50 to $_ i.oawee_
Hyde Street.
HYDE -NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
with closet; gas: sa liable for 1 or _: $6 mo.
Jones street.
907 JO^ES— THE VAN WIITKLE: . NEW
— U i management; elc-gaat * sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to s3o.
Market Street.
707 MARKET - ELEGANT SUITES AND
• '-> • single rooms, newly furnished and carpeted.
"V* WHS— UT""i IHit.-fc, 1041 JIAKKKI — .VIcA
1 night. S-c to SI : week. Si 50 to 4* » famlliea. .
1
Kearny Street. ■ , .
_ BLINOTOJT HOUSE, ;.. J2T KEARST-
*'V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: tin: |
:*s» :n f-vt-rv respect: terms reasonaole. • ' '.-:;\
•V'tW AVENUE HOUSE. 904 KEABNY ST.,
i.i corner - Jackson— single rooms 15, -0. 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or mouth.
Leaven wort h Street.
1191 LEAVEN WORTH, BET. CALIFOR-
11—1 nia and Sacramento— sunny furnished
room in private family: references exchanged.
Room, box 46, Cal Office.
Mason Street.
1 no MASON-FIRsT FLOOR. SUNSY^UK-
J A/_ nished rooms for housekeeping; also for
1 ofHce^
McAllister Street.
in_»_ —CALU.STKR— FURNISHED ROOM:
JL UO— large closet; use of bath; rent $5. '
j-iiiii;« ■•Tree..
ae*rr Ml! »>' A . cor. eighth— newly FUR-
\J\J I nished bay-window rooms, $1 a week.
Mission Street.
/■JQ9 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
DO-. _y rcoms: quiet place: prices reasonable.
ANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $9 per week.
f;1 n MISSION ST.. NEAR FOURTH— ELE-
"i*IV/ eanily furnished rooms for gen. lemon and
their wives or single gentlemen: rents reasonable.
Oak Street.
-I -I m OAK— SUNNY FRONT AND BACK
1 11/2 parlor: furnished; rent reasonable.
Pleasant Street. '<
"PLEASANT, 33%. NEAR JONES AND SAC-
i ramento— Front bedroom; bath; gas; reason-
able^^ '- ■
Jrolk Street.
Irr POLK ST. — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
JL t rooms; also single; $1 per week and up.
991 POLK— - NICELY FURNIS! ED BOOMS,
_— I sunny; gas, bath; $7 aa<SsB month.
1 oat si reel.
99 Ql POST (THE DoMUS)-SUNNY FUR-
_— O3 clshed rooms; fine location: rent reason-
aoie. - • - .' ' ■ ■ " '
■1 -190 POST— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
JL •_)— O with doub c windows, furnished. -
« l-ovreil Street.
1 90 POWELL— ELKGANTLY FURNISHED
I_.O rooms: newly papered and furnished: cars;
changed hands. '
second Street.
11- SECOND— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
-1 It) niibed: double and single: $1 up a week. \
Sixth Street. -
QQ SIXTH — QTJIe"t~ SUNNY -ELEGANT
DO rooms: nil conveniences; fireproof building.
RUNsWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH— OPKN
a 1 night rooms: 'Joe to $1 . per nleht, $1 25 to
(5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
Seventh Street. .
i'Q/» SEVENTH — NICKLY FURNISHED
100 front room; porch ana large closet; cheap.
Mock:<n •■siree;.
•THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
-1 nisbed rooms, en suite or single: hoe, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
()t\f\ STOCK lON, N. E. COR. GEARY— SUNNY
_UU downtown rooms: 97; gentlemen:, refer-
ences^ ...,-■.... ■'
Taylor Street.
1 Cjr TAYLOR— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
I_O suitable for 1 or 2 ladles: privileges. '
Turk Street. .
9 SUNNY' ROOMS; RENT $5; PRIVATE
_- family; gas, bath. 242 Turk st. _■__•■
Twenty -fifth Street.
9QQ/\ TWENTY-FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT
_yOU room: lady preferred; good home; cheap.
Valencia Street
91-VE VALENCIA— 3 UN FURNISHED SUNNY
£\JO bay-window rooms; hot and cold water: $12.
\ an ><>»* Aveuart.
rI n VAN NESS — COMPLETELY FUB-
_ lU Dished sunny, sanitary plumbing: also fur-
nished rooms: reasonable. ■ \
1 1 An VAN NE-S.COBNEB GBABY— FUR- !
11UU nis»ed sunny front room: $6; batb.
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— I
\J WEEKLY CALX., sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. : ; >■ .- . ■- ■ ■ ■. ■ . __ __■ '
. , _OAKI)l>(i ANU BOOMS. ,
SUITK OF NEWX.T FURNISHED BUJS-IY
rooms, with board. , 710 Post st. ■>■ . | ,
\ 99 ERKERO— WARM BELT OMHE
i — >— Mission ; fine. sunny room with board:
home cooking; terms moderate; references «x-
-i cbauged. ■ -■- ■ . ■ , : " •'. .: : ■. -
1,1 1 O'FARRKLL-NICE SUITE OF ROOMS,
• '11 with board: suitable for two; also other
rooms. " '"''■.'' ■-■■•" -.'•..'. .' .. " '- ■' ■ ■■'■.-'■
'An EDDY - SINGLE SUNNY FRONT
OUvJ room with boara; reasonable. . l~l :,'.. :■-"■;
OAT LEAVENWOBTH— SUNNY C'RNErt
: cUI suites; single; excellent table; rates mod.
n,in GEABY— NEWLY FUBNIsHKD, BUN-
O— O ny rooms; : suite or single; board op-
tional; terms very reasonable; also table board.
UN NY FURNISHED ROO -1 FOX <.KN-
tl e m m.' with board. 1401 Van Ness, cor. Bush.
,110 EDDY — LOVELY • SUNNY PAKLORS
_: J _ and other rooms, with board; $20 up.
OTKX. BERTLINU, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences. ,
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — T_l"
WEEKLY CAU- In wrapper, for m_l__ '*•,*;
i'UILDK_.V BOAKDKO.
MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW OF RtFINEMENT
ii and education, having a nicely furnished sun-
ny home, would like to undertake the charge of
1 or 2 nice children; the loving solicitude of a
mother and the raos: refining hone influences as-
sured. Address X.. box 90. Call Office. ■ -
HILD OR BABE TO BOARD; HEALTHY
\J part of city. XV. D., 633 East Twelfth st., Oak-
land. . • ■ •--:,-■
"T MOTHER'S PERSONAL CARE; SUNNY,
A. healthful' rooms; sandy yard; who'esome
food; reasonable terms; references. A. R., box
94, <a 1 Office. : . , .-
i "si OK— a 'it» LET.
_Q NEW STORE ABLE FOX BARBER-
f^O. shop. Opposite depot, 'i wen y-fifth st.
(_(ir STORE 3 BOOMS: LIGHT CELLA^
Q-i). 1128 Howard st., near Seventh. .
AKBER-sUoP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16 years: $18 per month; Key at 539
second st. V
1 arpenter-3hop; $7 per month. 5 Cc Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ond st. .- : - : .
I": urn-ing shop; 96 per month. 3 De Booms-.;
key at 539 second st. * .
Corner store, 531 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 second st. ■ - v v -
TORE. - 1524 HOWARD, COX. LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent. ■ ■ . . •
4 T LOW RENT— PAR Of STORE AND
-^\. ba'emVnt. 324 Hos st.
! "
OFFICE- TO _._;T.
YT^r^J~^^f_TEL_G^3^^ Y. " UN^
1 tIUO fnrnlsjed offices; terms reasonable; cult-
able for doctor or dentist.
MA SON, . COR. MARKET— NICKLY FUR-
nish»d su'iny offices fronting on Market.
Mil DIC AX.
A KOEDY THAT "is PERFECTLY
■A harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness.no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience; first-class home in con-
finement. -Dr. Mrs. Da vies, 14 McAllister st..
next Hlbernia Bank. Console free; French pills
$2; hours. 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. m. «
i _ .-VROCKtS Til AT. NEVKK *AILS TO KE-
■A. store every case of monthly sickness from
: whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and ; others have failed; no instruments used;
I many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
1 advice free: terms reasonable: first-class priva:«
I home for confinement. MB4 Dl . DA__Y, ll_t"
1 Market st., over the Owl Dm? store. -
R. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
•guaranteed absolute cure for -all- female dis-
I ■ eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
I sure, no oang-r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt of price. I WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. - . ■ -
~_ NEW PKOCKS^-NO MEDiCINE, .NsTRU-
.£— laent or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
! from what cause: restores always in one day; caa
I be sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and .MRS. DRS. NAIL, aiB Kearny.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
I ment; consult free: confidential: hoars, 10:o5.
MRS. DR. \V YETH. 916' Post St., near Larkln.
■ R& GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LAOIE-,
XJ near or far. safe,, quick cure . guaranteed, any,
disease or complaint: home for patient*-, best skill;
free diagnosis: >ow fees: self cure. 904 Mo Allislerst.
LPt-AL'S FRENCH PILLs— A BOON TO
ladies with female troubles: no danger: safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. v. D. ; don't delay until
too late. VSUOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. ;,.
SURE CURIS FOR ALL __MAL_, Dt_-
eases, from whatever can home in confine '
! ssen:; every -com tort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 2.6 Turks-.. .
ont fail TO CONSULT da. JORDAN AT'
his museum. 1051 Mar_et St.: his 30 yean'
I euccessfnl practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
! the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. '
i Q • AA PAID A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
rjl.iUv/ of female complaints or diseases of the
•eye ; consaltation free. MRS. DR. SCOT! ,3-5 Geary
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
J-> at the most reasonable pr.ee in the city. AIRS.
_. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Fosom si.
U PKAK'a FEMALe. REGULATING PILLs;
safe and efficient emmenazogue: $1 per box.
RICH ARDS & CO-drnggists. 406 Clay st.,soleagts. ;
! C F. LYING-IN ■ (PfiiVATi.) HOME; DIS-
I O. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 b.lghth st., Aiamed*
V IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS.DR. PUK'I- and b*contenL -b4lb 4i_.
I I \R. HAIL, 14 McALUSIERsIRbIET. .NIA-
I XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
! ————— —^— — — — — — «
ilaitAL iN»TIiU__>TS. ' ,
'a" RE YOU CONTE^MP^LATING THE PUR-
jT— chase of a piano? if so our wa rerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains fur. casti, lns:a lmtns or rent
contract plan: we "are selling some pianos for $3,
*4 am $5 per month: beautltul new uprights for
j $6, $7, $■*, ill and $.0 per month: no cash pay-
-1 ment required larger than the above amounts; all *
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
lime within 3 ears from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, 1 LAV A Co., repre-
sentatives of Steinway <_ Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle, w ash.
\l' E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
» ' the wonderful Ivers A Pond pianos, a specially
■elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
last received: it is imrossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without' a weak point; sole
a.en:s for Ivers. — Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
Muehlfeid. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS A SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A. bouse west of Chicago is KOHLER <_
CHASE'S, -6, 28 and SO O'Farrell st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of ail
grades and prices; terms e«sy: prices lowest;
everything posal-l* .one to pleasa and satisfy tud
customer. -. ' . . >■ ■. . ' . ...
CTUaLLY TH_ BEST BAKGAINS IN PC-
an os; see oar ltst for this week; pianos on $ I
; $4. $6, $6, $7. $8. $9, $10. $15, $-.'0 monthly pay-
ments; --M stool and cover with each; deliver*!
tree anywhere in th« city and r kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. spe.s -iii CO,
salesrooms 955 Market st_ opp. Mason.
AINLS, BUSH & GERTS AND KNAtJE Pl-
anOs: get our reduced prices; fine second- hand
uprights. $135: organs, $35. W. C- HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post s_
LINE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. JN I'EKFECT
X 1 order, great bargain: Frenrn, upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine ctock. THE
ZENO JIACVALS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
LAN OS 8. i_D, RENTKD, TUNED. RK-
X paired,' polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in toe cry. J. HARRY
BCOTT. 526 Haves St. '• ::•-.:--■; -.■■■,-
A DMINJBTBATOR'S HALE — MUsT SKLJU
-■*- pianos at Immense redaction for cash or on
ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
1 INK SQUARE^ ?»I5: STEINWAY OR
" Decker Bros., ■ $350. ■ New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MACVAIS'. 769 Market st.
IUEOA.S'TXEW UPRIGHT: WILL BE SOLD
X- at a sacrifice. 803 GoUen Gate aye.
e?Un A -OOD 7-OCTAVE UP/iIGHT; FINE
C tjyj. condition: $slnstallmts.22lLeavenwortb.
IriINE STEIN Wax: CHKAP FoR CASH.
' Room 10, 809 Mar-et st. . . :-. .■ ■
ALMOST NEW HARDMAN PIANO; MUST
be sold, hoom 10, Flood building. .
SHAW, STEINWAY $250, CHICKERING |
$185; great b:trgal_3:s4 mo HEINE, I36
Ti'I.NK UPRIGHT PIANO AND AURADHAKP
x cheap. Id McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
_» 1 Zxi\ DECKEK BROS.'; IN GOOD ORDER.
O LOU. BRU-NN'S piano home, 228 Post. ■
•VI AUAIt'IC_KT»i'_I.\WAY UPRIGHT AND
ill Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
At' O. BA DO K l l. »U_ E Ai. ENT FOX HALL—
' ' .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 4U6Sacta
BYRON MAL'ZY, 308 Pv.sF ST.— sOHMEK,
N"ewby it Evans, Bnggs and other piano*.
UPKRIOK VIOLINS. ZITHi-.KS, OLD* NKW
OH. MULL£ K. maker, repairer. _ La;bam place,
: DOLLAR A W_JKK ON RKNT CU_iXJt_C-
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.; . ■_.'.. .
-Oii SALE-IIIStELLAS-OUs.
- rt , --■:„-,- l-r^n'r,?,-; 1 -"- "-- n ■ -,' -' ' _ .',^- nr ,'^- .- . '
QO' NEW WHITE MACHINE: PARTIES
going East. Can be seen at 2437 Mission.
OR > BALE— SMALL YACHT IN GOOD CO-<-
-ditlon. Address K. XV.. box 07, CalL
jj ARS, S BACK. BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
ii cases,"' counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second band. . J^NOONA-.', 1017- 1019-10-1-1023
Mission •_, above Sixth. ;■ - - ...■ . -..-..■: ,■
(I ENTtK FKKsU COW; HALF. JERSEY.
VJT 2809 V^ California st. .
PRINTING. MATERIAL FOR .-.ALE CHEAP
Xat 8 Montgomery aye., room It. . ,
IJuJ_.KB-J.EN'OINE«>,-D-HANi» MACHINERY
lJ water-pipes. Mclntosh* Wolpman. 137 Beat*
T>OOMS PAPERED, 52 50 UPWaRu-. , WHIT-
— ening, tlntin?, paintiue at lowest rate). ■■■ F.
ED WARDS, 1-00 Webster St.. te!. Slelner 235. .
_ T WHOLESALE PRICE: — RAT-
XV. tan chairs, rockers, stands aud odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. . Save yon half by call-
ing at once ; at . Caliiornia Rauan • Company, 61
First st. -far Mission. .;.... : ■ ': -, .
A KS, SCALES. MIRROR", - FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. IItEK, 1118 Mission.
ECOND-HAND SAFE; FIREPROOF; V-.RY
cheap. D. N. HAW LEY", 318 Market st.
ATION AL • CASH - KEi.IviKR, - GOOD - OR-
1' der: also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
COFI-EE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money tin, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
MONARCH BLUE FLAME H-.VltKs ABB
the best. W. 8. RAY MFG. Co.. IS California
i.ARa, SHOWCASES, ; COUNTERS, SHKI.V-
-; ■*■ etc., "ought and sold. 1003 Mission. nr.7th.'
NX SMALL MKUIUM - AND LAKIiE-Si-K
fire and bnrarlar proof safe. ••_ 109-1 1 lJlutpn-.
''■- : *:*-'. ; ': M-.H .Mi MACHINE-*. v -V t:
A _t,"KlNrjS BOUGHT. hGl_\ EX CHANGEO,
- rented -repaired; lowest rate* • -05Four;_su
rmt*p'SAT**.
RHKUMATISM AND NEURALGI*. ■■
■ The bane of 'your existence, can b? cured, in
fact ar* cored every da> - . What ! you don't be-
lieve L? Well, once yon try Dr. Smith's
:.: ; ELECTROMAGNETIC BATHS ■.
you will be cured. Then you will be forced to be-
lieve it, if nothing else witi convince you. Once
cored, you will bless the day yon dlscove.ed th?se
baths. Go to 1533 Buchanan st. and try them.
I MAKE SWITCHES FOR 91: OUT OF YOUR
own hair for 75c. I will dress your hair, any
•tvle or to suit the face, for 25c. shampoo *nd
plain hair-dressing. 50c. I restore gray or bleached
hair to- natural color with perfectly harmless
preparation for- 91. Q. LEDEKER, 111 Stockton
St., nearest Geary. ■■ ■ r ;■■: ••-..'•' - "■■■-•'-".■
1 THE PEOPLE'S ONKDOLLAR MEDICA&
Institute, all case* treated, and medicines fur.
nished for $1: call or write. 10-'9Va Market *-,-
bet. Sixth and Seventh. Ban Francisco. CaL - -
-97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«>*- I of Tub Call: want ads and subscriptions
taken. " ' ..■:
TRY GENE 1 ?* CATARRH CURE. 50c BOTTLE.
■L Cure »uara:j - eed. 1533 Buchanan st.
LD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES, O.
NOTLE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St., bet. Mason
and Powell.
O PA RENTS TRAVELING— LADY OFFERS
home to one or two children; infant not ob-
jected to: every care and comfort: healthy cli-
mate; British Columbia. Address, wita particu-
lars, to Maier. box tH), Call offite. '
L'ARTINGTON'a t-CHcOL O* MaG\ZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms etc.. 424 Pine at.; illustrations luruighed
for magaz nes. newspapers, etc.
\1 ' XLLGE.NTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
»» please leave address at 1215 Union st j
KTISTIC HAIBUKE^I.NU, 25c: 925 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot core,
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 -Marnetst., room 28.
A BOON TO MANKIND. . .
Professor de Uoo's Rheumatic Oil. Having
suffered tor over 20 years wlib . this dreadful dis-
ease and tried all possible, means to alleviate the
pains, I at last have discovered a remedy which
relieve the same: price fl a bottle: orders from
the country piomptly executed. Call or write
PROFESSOR C J. Dh ROO, 818 Geary St.; hours,
8 a m. to 12 m. and 2to 4 r. M. ■
ADVICE FMEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private: no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc..
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market
lGHfc.->T PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H »ND LA-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAHX 316 3d.
niHE ANIMATOSCOPi<, THE PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of band or motor
machines call or address A nimatoscop* Company,
913 Market St., San Francisco, seventh floor.
1 R. C. E. FAKNUM HAS MOVED TO THIS
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d r!.. r. 003.
tni'Kt AND PILjiS CURED: NO PaY
It until cured: send for book. HES. MANS.
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market .
MAGNIsCOPK — NEW PROJe.CII.NG MA-
chine: uses the klnetoscope films: price t~SO.
BACIOALU PL 948 Market si.
Ij^REE FXHIBITION TO-DAY — RESTAU-
X' rant, hotel men and private families cordially
in vitei to call ar.d Inspect Prengel's new broiling
system; meat broiled by this process remains
tender and retains all juice. . Ladies, no black
fingers or soot: restaurant parlors connected wlih
exhibition: meals, American or Europeaa atyie;
highest gold medals. 124 O'Farrell at.
URNETi'o CORN CURE— ist'RE CUKE FOU
BLK.NE i 1 a COii-N C U Kh-otKIS CLKt FOX
corns, bunions, warts: > 25c. 527 Montgomery.
0 lilia CLEANED. x'Re.aSED, 91; REPAIRS
Odrelng done. 131Monu:omery,r. j 6 tel.red2374.
\\T ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
II log. palntlng.etc, by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
d> I A DOZE'S"— FINE CABINET* Ai' WlL-
t£) 1 SOX'S (Gallery. 1028 Market. ..
. I>IO OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON >HoW EVE-
Ii ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
ELrCIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, rr. Market;
'.00 rooms, -.'sc to 91 M) per night: 91 50 to (6 per
week ; free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAWK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.iBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVUKCr. AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9u6 Market St., U. F.
I IBERAL ADVANCES O.N'_DIAMONDS,4JiW-
1j elry, etc. ; lowest rates. . 948 Market st.
1 C\i\(\ CARDS, 91 50. SHOW CARDS, ETC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary at. r
AZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET— BASJS-
ment: tine edge pat on razor for 25 cents. 1 ." "■■ •
/CLOAKS, FU KS AN 11 »U11'» RETAILED Al'
V. «b"ln«l« rrlf<"<. Factory. 20 Snnimm» v. ■
lilitssJiAhtlii.
SUITS MADE FKOM «3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c:
lO cjpev 81: tt ru»r»ntf«*d. SS9Vs '■tyveniion st.
CLAIKVOIiAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times." Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
If n.arr:age, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, . business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgage*, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, Interest you: If
you care to know what ' you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will sen! you
awar happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9 a. it. to «p. v., strict. N. B.— Sa isfactlon
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar- ]
ket St.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator. .
MX UK THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sore
help; restores lost lova by svmpat .y. mistake im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr Larkln.
RKIV..D — THE- MEDIUM I>TI«.t AND
card-reading - marvel of the age; fee 25c up.
1 Polk St.. room 14 . ... - . . ._ , . .
ME. HANSEN: THE BEST FUTURE SUC-
cess assured: 25c; one price. 41 Minna st.
M ME. HANS' N. PALMIai,CAR> -HEADER;
Ml past, present and future; 25c. US 6th st ,r. 5.
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
future husband or wife. 50c. 763% Howard.
p YPSV QUEEN RETURNED— MAO-ETiC
AJ healer and card-reader. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
R~. B. BaUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlB-
voyant In the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
ME. 'MOREAU. BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\IME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
iTI business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
VI MX. MABEL WOODS, CARD HEADER AND
I'l magnetic healer: charms Rm. 8, 207 Po-it st.
RS. DR. HART.YELL KEiCRNED; CLAlß-
voyant and divine healer. 8 Mason St., r. -3.
Mr- SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures pivea:ladles -sc: t>l4 O'Farrell.
ME. WALTERS OK TEHAMA: CARDS: LA}
dies, 25«: gents, 30c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
MX. LEGETTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice: 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. fcCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT. TELL 3
past, present and future; snecess .to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices. ~ 858 Mission aL
VOKTUXKS TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truth*. 163 ft Hyde st.
me. ruth Harrison of n. i.. mag-
netic hea'er: card-reader. R. 17, 109 a -Powell.
:: i Mll.UlAl.liil. '
".you" sick AND TROUBLED? BE RE-
Heved by the great spiritual healer and mag-
net ician. Mine. Gray, room' 19, Grand Southern,
!»eve: th and Mission. . . . v ;
ME. ( SMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations a specialty. 83* Mis-
sion st. . •-" "-' '•' .:■ .-"' ■- *: " " ■
.)»!/• MCALLISTER— MRS. «.. J. MEYER:
• )--D test meetings every ntsrht, 10c- Toe.. Wed.,
Fn., 2 p.m.; trance cir.. sat. «Moo.eve2sc; bua.stgs
RS. BARCLAY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM AND
magnetic healer: »i.tingi dally.' Room 10,
110 Six a. , .■■.■:■.■-.--.
MRS. J. J. : WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance teat medium and .life » reader, 218
Stockton st. ..'. ;. -
RS.C. CORNELIUS, TEST AM) BUSINESS
medium: circle Mon. and Wed. 1346 Market st
BS: fcLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Toes., Fri.. aF. M.. 28c. 233 Valencia,
"T M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE
j\. writer 118 Halcht st.: hoars 9 until 8 p v.
, HYPNOTISM. '
HYPNOTISM BCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
sucres* yrtd.HTpnotlc>l>sm«'rictns.6o'Farreil
HORSES.
-" f A HOItSEa"" FOR^" B ALE • ALSO~ W AGONS?
TIU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction ■ sales every Wed-
nesday. • t«ULLIV AN & DOi LE, Auc.ioseers.
rpjblK EMPORIUM bAUb VAKIJS, 2JUVA.
1 iencia St., Is the place to go It you want to buy. *
tell or exebance bones, bugziea, wagons or har>
nen: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
tail fc>.i NEW AM) >£.CO.N L>-±i AN i> UAH-
x)\J\J i.ess: all kinds: boggy. wason. carts, snrre;
i rocttawar: 40 cheap . horses. Ista, ant Valence.
T'LNIS 6- YEAR-OLD MARE; stflTAßLfc FOR
X business or private use. . 603 McAllister. r/x-Ti
C/ 1 HEAD DRIVING AAU WOKiv 'HOßaiiS;
D\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. MS Howard si. •->
WAGONS ANli " tAiilUAOhs.
"6r"'e AND bFgO V FOB sale, " apply
at 716 Kolsom at. :*'■.";.. ' • ■; : •-";-. ,. l
- ';"-~\z ] HOTELS. ; . "■■ '.;-,;■ ,, ■
B^~BOokLY N HOTEL, BUShTst^
> board and room 91 to :VI per day. (6 to 912
per : week; t' choice ; rooms •50 ; cents : to 91: suite
rooms for family 91 to SI 50 per night: nm-cia&j
service; free coacb. CHARLES MO-NTGOAIEiiY.
- CITY REAL ESTATE,
<£Aon WILL . BUY . PROPERTY WHICH
rJrtvV/ new a profit of «15 per month. Apply
m»at market, 1105 Mission st. ' :
},'OK SALE ON KASY TEKMS-MODERN
F houses on Mascnic aye. and Waller St.: house 1
contain salon • pariirs, dtning-rcom, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath. kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated: sun in every roum;
see them to-day. .Take Haight or Ellis streetcar,
feet off at Mascnic aye.: owner on premises.
A (\C\C\ BARGAIN -2-aT/KY HOU^E: 7
•^lV»uu room* and batn. 20 Alpine St., near
Haiglu: own - to 5 p. m. : irotuaze 4) -. 6 >
VtW HOUSE: ON.LV ONE LEFT; 2849 FILL-
i-l mores:.: will call cheap: built by day's work:
furnace beat: unobstructed marine view; good
vestment: bouse open. :. .
LuT: 2 FLATS. BRYaNTAVE,
bet. 2lst and 22d sts. >.>.:.;':
Q;_innn FOR *ale or exchange. ■ - .-.,
*&'±\J\J\J. New cottage on 23d aye- East Oak-
land; - 6 rooms and bath: high basement: . tr.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot 5.x160.
G. H. UMBSENs& CO •
... - 14 Montgomery st.
• • COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
qqa (}f\t\ 1000 acres RICH valley
OOU.UU"'. land In best bay county, at sta-
t! in, with grain warehouse; 600 acres sowed to
wheat; easy terms. W. D. HOLCOM A CO.. 612
California st. . . -
/"IHICKISN-RANCH OF ACRES OF LAND;
\J bouse of 6 rooms, with nient; well and
barn; horse, cow, pig*, chickens, wagon, plow and
everything, complete; cheap. Apply C. S., 617
Sacramento st.
X ACRES, BOUNDED BY TWO NEVKR-FAIL-
O Ing creeks; finest soil: 14 of a mi c from city
limits Santa Rosa: small house and barn; finest
vegetable or chicken farm; easy terms. J. T. PE-
TERS. Mills building. - ■/'•--
A TTKNTION — HAVE 83 ACRhS I HOICK
>"V land near Pleasnoton that must be sold a:
once; product last year 700 sacks OH barley and 60
tons of hay; all tented: 4 flowing springs: owner
will take 35 per acre if taken rumedi. tely. Ala-
meJa Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF I
California Unas for sale d.v H. FKANCLS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
Qt'/'\i Wl AM. ABOUT TO GO EAST: WILL
_ UUU.sell mv 60U-acre ranch at a sacri-
fice; all level: plenty of water: farming or graz-
ing: U. P. pa:ent; San Luis übispo Cou::ty. Cail
or address'Ul'OßGt SWAIN, 720 Na.omast.
ITTLK huMts, CLOsii Tv» IuW.N. liT
■i proved: easy terms: " also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City: every Monday a: 632 Marfce: st.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
pHOICE BIT OF EASTERN PROPERTY;
\J will trade for California property; send for a
new list of lands. E. E. BUNCK, 1008 Broadway,
Oakland.
L^ILBERT ST.. OAKLAND: 8-KOOM HOUSE;
V large lot; buildings alone cost "$4000: tor sale,
$2400: great bargain. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
<27c TO $150 FOR choice building
tjplw lots in the town of f'ttchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Le&ndro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to colt buyers. Apply to
C M. RUNKLK. owner, Ulsi, 2 Washington ■(.;
Oakland. Cal.
tig-l *:r\ LOT'S NEAR THE ALTKNHKIM IN
tip 1 «JU. Fruitvale; electric cars; only SI down
and $1 a wees : selling fast: eood Improvements.
H. B. PI NNKY. owner. 902 . Broad war. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES. "
V UN.NYAND COMFORTABLE FL'K-> I»H ED
» ■ cottage of 6 rooms. and bath: large grounds
and stable: cor Fremont aye. and • a, t Four-
teenth s., Fruity* c. • Apply, forenoon, MRS.
JASPER. .-■■'■■.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. :,-? f l ,
3~~KOO~\Ti FOR HOUSKK X EPTNgT - M6KT,
$10 per month. Apply 821 Market Oakland.
OAKLAND iI'KSITCKIi FOB. SALE.
W t. -iR 11IA.UU.M1a U\ I Ku.MZi.Nu tl
" SCHELLHAAS, fiirniSorf-dealT Oasld
BEKKELK* HOUSES.
IVor"" i A ' ITk~OR~KEn' T r^T^ \VO NICE COT-
tages. North Berkeley; tire view; one block of
depot. Inquire a. Thompson's Hotel.
rKUftKlli XU i-.A.«. ii.k.M,t;.
TIT AN TE D — OAKLAND OR BERKKLF.Y
' » property in exchange for improved city prop-
erty. S«re A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
OKNI» FO±t UUK LIST OF UHCUAKU HOME-J
0 for sale. W POSTER <fc WHITTUN.' San Jose.
rpiMBEK— l-i»y ACBaa; XXX.* CO.: PLENTY
. X water: excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16. Cat!.
FKOPEKTY WANTED.
VV r ANTED FOR CASH— COTTAGE: ALA- |
VV meda or Oakland; near local; $1200. SPECK
A CO , 603 Market st
iIONEY TO LOAN.
c^>nn 1 inn ATtii * per cent on city
t]pOUl/.WUU real estate: also Oak! estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
DVa^ces on diamonds, watches,
jewelry; also on turnitnre, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWKLKI
STOKE, 948 Market st. : open evenings. '
» NY AMOUNT; IST. SD.OR iIUKi GAGES,
J\. estates, undivided in^reats. real estate in pro- j
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
WISE AND SAVE INTr.Rfc.SI-MO.VKT
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
iKECTON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low ,
Interest, h Km. 68. Ponohu- bide. 1170 Market x: ]
©Q k^ |WWi AT BANK KATE??; AND
OaiJ.UUU 2d mortgaces. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MUK PHY. 628 Market st.
QQA OHO ON FIRST AND SECOND MORT- j
fJOu.v''u (.-ages: city a"»d country or furni-
ture. R. P. QfINN, 53 Chronicle building.
O*NEY 1O LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
NFURMTUKK AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
V cashed. SCRIB.VER A CO , 7 City Hall aye.
J|-A TO *50,W00;LoWh.sT i:A I r.: i^l & i\)
O\J mortgage: Hat orlnstlmnt. Drvden. 535 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWKi.KY.KTU
( olnmbli Loan * < o! lateral 9 <; rant ay».
; r A WNBKOK.EKS.
HIGHEST. >PRICIS PAID. FOR CAST OFIf
elothln?. Cosmopolitan Loan Ofßc^. 49 Third.
JfINANCIAL.
'v^A^TED^fw^iTlaEixisrr 'aC^ovsts
' ■ of California Savings '- and Loan Society.
HORACE HAWKS Frygno. C.-l.
EDUCATIONAL. ••
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, bnslness practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: VO teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AD^TK ACHES PIANO AND MANDOLIN
thoroughly; COc a lesson; excellent pianist and
accompanist for entertainments and parties. 1209
Octa st. ' ■••■- ■■ ■■ ■ ■ .; ;■■.■--.-.■■>'. .
Yi'.iia, lHt, LKADINU LOLLKi.K, UT
Montgomery st. individual in-umctioa 13
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship $50: low rate* per . week and mo.
NGLI«B, LATIN, MATHEMATICS; ENG-
lish literature a specialty. MISS ROL LsTON, :
724 O'Farrell St. ;
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; stuoenu trained: office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NOiSttKlsJ SCHOOL; MtCH., ELKC..
EJ civil, mining; iiurvey, as*ay. archlt.. X ray
taoeiu;es.lB64. A. VAN PER NAILLt£N,723Mkt
TiOOKKEKPINU THOROUGHLY IN o WfcKKd
i-> or years coarse free; only accountant teacbio*.
TARR, room 572. Parrott Emporium building.
, C ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINIi-
-1> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehean»l
on ttage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. o. F. block. 7th and MiX
pOMPKTENT DBKSSMAKER WISHES PRI-
\J vate pnpiis In dressmaking. Address jj., box
82, CalL ■-.. ■:-::
*P ROF. LOUIS MEKEI: VIOLIN, M ANDOI.LV.
X guitar. cornet: reasonable. 22s Geary, nr. Powell
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; "5 ma 305 Lnr-cln. r. 105: P IC
piANO, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR LESSONS
X given; 50c 12& Tenths:. . ;rj ,
INGING; ■; PiANO; . ; PARIS GRADUATE:
French. Uermaa languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
TJ"OICE, DRAMA, ORATOKY: PRIVATE AND
V cla-i*. Prof.KO^^, Donoboe bldg;:2 to 1, 7 to 8.
ANJO THOROUGHLY TAUGHT: 60c A
lesson. 6J3 Eddy at-: call b-t. 7 and 9 p. 18,
UROF. L. RAN KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN.
1 mandola; reasonable. 22 Geary, nr. Powell
L RENCH LEARNED EASILY. UGH i BY
J a graduate from Paris. J., box 10, Cad Office.
fl CITAK, MANDuLiN, l'iA«U AND VOCAi.
VJT lessons. 93 ma Mary Westhaut, 39 Fifth.
I JOOKKPNO. wrung, akithmic. gramk.
day Anight: no clause*: $smoni:i. 845 Mission.
AJIUHT SCIIOOL:HKALI/& S.COLLEGJi:^4
X> Post :conimercial, shorthand. English -.low ratev
; ;;:;> - ; ■■-■■/■;VH\sivlXXSi;.^r- ;-';■ l\-/\;
bTc^c^o^Sojinell. "1208 "m^kkeT^coiv
Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
/ BICYCLES.
&4 - BEN HUBS, BiiAND NEW: GUAR-
%SI'±O. anteed high grade. DAVIS 8E05.,,25
Geary st. ■
LULTIIS—SiARRIAtiEr-^MATHSr
[Birth, marriage mad death notices sent by mall
will not b^ Inserted. They mast be banded la as
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with tbe name and residence of persons authorized
10 have the same published. J
. BORV. I . , ' '
LE WlN— January 10,1837, to the wife of Peter
Lew in, a son.
O'COXNELL-In thUeit*. January 10, 1897. to
; the wife of M. J. O'Connell, a son.
SMITH— Benlcia, January 6, 1897, to the wife
of '-V. smith, a son. - - ■ •
MAKKiKD.
BLIGHT— ISH AM— ln this city. January 9,1897,
by the Rev. Dr. Phelps, Thomas J. Blight Jr.
and H««la L. I»ham. ooth of v an Francisco.
DIED.
Adams, Mrs. H. (V. Kavanagh, Daniel
Andersen. Marie Keeg.in, Richard J.
Austin. Edward J. T. Lennox, i-.lizu
Buricet. Anna McFarland, Joseph B.
Carrington. Jlenry L. MarkhJim. Mary J.
Curran. Margaret Meyers, Henry F. A.
Dwignt. t.eorsje U. Mori-ton, William
Flllatrault. Joseph M. | O'Brien. William J. \
Grosskrentz. Kmma Oisen. Marie J.
Halstei, James l, Sls:erna. Carmen
Hampshire, Mary Teaney, John F.
Ynez, Mary
ADAMS— In thU el'r. a: the Potrero, January 10.
1597. Mm. Hannah W. Adams. mo:h«rof C
Frank Adams and the late -Neiaon B. and Joseph
B. Adams, a native of Cape Cod, Mats.* aged 76
yean aud 2 months.
ANDERSEN-In Oakianl, January 8, 1597,
Marie Andrrien. a natlveof Lie .1 mark, aged 73
years 8 months aud 14 dars.
AUSTIN— In Alatneda, January 10. 1897. Edward
1 J. T.. beloved son of Charles and Laura E. Aus-
tin, a native of New Jersey. a,<ed '.i yeira t-1&-&
! months. . '
' BURKKT-In thi^c-.ty^'January 10. 1837, Anna,
beloved <*i<* or 'Ed waru Burket. and mother of
Edwara: Fred, £m:i:e and Hilda Bnrket, a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aned 40 years
CARRINGTON— In this city, January 9.' 1897,
Henry Luman, husband of Martha L. Carrlnz-
ton, and father of Laman and Lyman CarrinK-
tun, a native of Ohio, aged 61 years 4 months
anil 13 days.
43*Frienda- and ncaaatnrans-vi »r» respect-
foltv in v. ted to attend the fanera! THIS L>vY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from 1237*4 ■
Market street, near Ninth. Interment private
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CURRAN — In this city, January 8, 1897, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Simon Curran. mother of
Mtriin McDonougi. and sister of Mary Molloy.
Mrs. B. Ryan anj Mrs. Joii 1 Cawley. a native or
Ireland. [Sacramento(CaL) papers please copy.)
£3~Fr:end« anl arqualnta id Km r»jpec-
fully invited to attend the tnneral' Tills DA.V
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. fronj h?r late resi-
dence. 11 utcatur street; .nctn--to si. Joseph's
Church. street, where a requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 :30 dock a. m. Interment Moans
Calvary Cemetery. ~.
DWIOHT— In this city. January 7, 1897. Georsre
Graves Dwlght, Husband »- E. B- Dwight, and
latber ■of ueor?e L., Thomas and Charles
Dwight, 31n. F. A. Mecredy aad Mrs. T. W.
Terry, a native of Massachu»».t-i, ugei 66 year*
3 months and 16 days. Amherst (Mass.) and
Sonora (Tuolumae county) papers please copy.
49"Frieadi and acaualntancst are respect-
fnllv invited to attend th" fanerU THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the family
residence. 582 Church street. - Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Officers and members of Kxcelslor
Lodge No. 123, A. O. V. W_ are requested to
■ attend the fa ner&l of our late brother. Heorge G.
' Dwicot. from hi* late residence. 562 Church
• street, THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock
' r. x. - : J. R. HELEN, Recorder.
FILIATRAULT— In this city, January 9. 1897.
Joseph M.. beloved husband of Louise Filla-
. traul., and Tath>>r of Alice Filia rault. a native of
3 Cani'a. aeed.i9 years anJ. 5 mouths.
J^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
:f nil,. invited loatteid me uneral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), from his late residence, 1019 Clay
. street, thence to the French Church for services.
C F. M.— The officer* anl members of tbe C. F. M.
No. 248-. are resp'ctfally requested to attend the
'•■ funeral of our late brother. Joseph M. i.iatrault.
■ ■ F. H. SINNALLE, Pres.
William Rkkpks. Sec ■
GBOSSKKEUTZ— In this city. January 10. 1897,
Emma, belove 1 daughter of France and Amanda
• Grosskreutz, and -aster of Frank and Charley
Grosskreutz, a native of San FruacUco, aged -
months and 11 days. . * ■ ;'•.'.
HALSTED— In this city, January 10. 1897. Jamei
Lafayette, huiband of Mar/ E. Halsted, father
of .William A., Jonn 8.. James L. Jr. and Emit
P. Haisted and Mrs. D. W. Grover of Sam*
Cruz, a native of Oneida coan:y. New York, aged
65 -.-ears 11 months and 18 ilavs.
Jta~Tne funeral will rake place TO-MOKBOW
(Tuesday), as 2 :20 o'clock p. jf.. from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Un ampices of >c ii»»n.a Lodge No. 22,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
| HAMPSHIRE— In this city. Jaauaiy 10.1897.
1 Mary, wife of the late Wihiam Uampsklr*. anl
1 aunt of Joseph. Edward. Joan anl Cornelius
} Harrington, a native of Kinsaie. County Cork.
! Ireland, aged 7JyeaM.
SS" friends and acauaintances are resppct-
fjli.. invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
I (Tuesday), at b::'O o'clock a. m.. from ncr lait
j . residence. 5; 0 icl.o-a stre-t, thence 10 St. Bren-
j dan's Church, where a so '.em a requiem mas j
j will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. x- Interment Moan;
I . C»lvary Cemetery.
KAVANAGH— In this city, January 9, 1897.
Dan. Karanagh, a native 01 iraianJ, aged 6J
I years.
i^^Frien'".^ and aranaintanc 1 *! Sri respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY -
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m. % from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr <£ Co.. 120J Missioi stree:.
near Kighth, thence to St. F'ancis Church, cor-
ner Vailej} slr«e> anl Montgomery avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. a. . interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEEGAN— In this city, January 1897, Rlchart
J , dearly beloved husband of .Mar/ Keezan.
. father of Mamie T., Richard J. an i Maggie
Keecan son-in-law of Ellen iJroderick, and
brother of the late John Keeaan, a native o<
County Meath, Ireland, aged 36 yean 2 months
anl 9 days. . r>pringfleld (.Mass.) Republican
and Union please copy, j >"-:-~- ..--;■:
K7"FrienJj ant acaualntanc^i »r» respecV
fnllv invited to attend the funeral THIS. DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from bis late
residence, 212 First street, ih -nee o su Bren-
clan'-i Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celet|ra:«d f o<* the repose of h s soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Intermeut
Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H., DI VISION No 2-Offlcen and members
of thisdlvUton are hereby nultted to assemble
a- Hibernia Hall. Ninth WTMt, THIS DAY
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m., to attend. the
funeral vi our late bro her, Kichard J. Krrgau,
BARTLEY LEE, President.
Johs Kenny, Secretary.
LENNOX— In :hi«clty, January 10. 1897. Eliza;
beloved wife of Jarvis Lennox, and mother of
vVillia-n. Elizab'th, Howard. Anna and Benja-
min Lennox, Mrs. S. A. Leslie a id Mrs. K. J.
Sample, a nativ« of County Antrim. Ireland,
axed 53 years 6 months and 10 days,
jay Notice of funeral hereafter.
McFARLAND— In Berkeley, January 10. 1897.
Joseph 8., beloved hnsband of Jennie v tcj-ar-
land, a native o. New York City, aged 48 yeari
7 months and 6 days.
J9*No:lceof funeral hereafter
MARKHAM— In this city. January 10.. 189 7.
Mary J., beloved wifs of John I. Markham. and
mother of Francs M. Marknam, a native of the
parish of Kitmosannv. Count./ Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aeed 31 y>-ar< 7 months and 10 days.
MEYERS— In East Oakland. January 8, 1897.
. Henry Frederick A. Mirers, a native of oer-
many, aged 73 years 7 months and 11 days.
MORETON-In this city. January 8. 1897, Wil-
liam Moreton. a native of England, aged 60 yean
and 8 months. ■ ■ ■ •
O'BRIEN— In South San Francisco, January 10,
1897. William Joseph, beloved and youngest
son of James anl Maggie O'Brien, a native of
ban Francisco, avfed 3 months anl 27 days. -
*3""The funeral will take dace TO-MORROW
. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of his parent -i. 1819 fifteenth avenue south, be-
tween P and Q streets south- South San Fran-
cisco. Inierm»n: Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this cttv, January 10. IH»7. Marie
Josephine, beloved daughter of Edwin and Eliza-
beth Oisen. and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
a. J. Olseu and Mr. an I Mr<. E. Cornell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 10 mouths and 23
day* •
- JiyFrtends and acquaintances are r?so*ct-
fu.:y invited 10 at ea 1 me funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. a... from th* resi-
dence o- tbe parents. 2 Eureka Dlac?, off Larktn
street. : between lush and Pine. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SISTERNA— In Wes: Berkeley. January 10,
1897, Carmen, beloved wif» of the late Koiario
Sisterna, and mother of Delpn'ue and Philip
Sis erna, Mrs Alonao Moore and Mm. Mary B.
Larson, a native o: Valparaiso, Chile. ageJ »0
years. • • - ■ .... ".--. .-.-' . . -■ -
J9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnilv la viced to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at, 9:30 o'clock a. it., from heriata
residence, corner sixth s'.re-t and University
avenue, toauc* to St JOiepa's Cnarch. where a
solemn requiem mi-s will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'ciocc
a. v. Interment bu Miry'i Cemetery, Oakland.
TEANKY— tn this city," at the lotrero, January
9, 1897, John F., beloved huuauJ of Maria
Teaney. and father of Francis, May and Maggie
Teansy, a native at County D-rry. IreiaaJ, aged
42 years.' ■■■■■
&fbri«n-ii anl acanalrttaac«i ■ ar» n*^n?at-
fuily invited to attend th* fuA<»r»t THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. jc.. from bis late resi-
lience, 1103 Kentucky street. Po rero, thecce to
St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem nigh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Croi3 Cemetery.
YNEZ— In Oakland, January 9. l-<& 7. Mary Yne*.
a native of the Western Islands, at -<1 45 ye&rt.
■" '; McAVOY A CALLACHER, I;
JFONERAL DiaF.CTORS * EMBALM
■ tO ruth St. , Opp. Lincoln School, ,
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: ■r. NEAREST CEIIK"
tery to the city; non-sactarlan ; in no stnsa e«-
elusive: location unezoeiled.- Ofitc* W« it MM
1112
TWO SUDDEN
DISAPPEARANCES
They Cause a Great D&al of
Worrinmt in Two
Households.
JimmieTreadwell Has Been Away
From Home Since
Tuesday.
Young Mrs. J J Welch Has Been
Missing From the Sams
Time.
Jimmie Treadwell, the 19-year-old heir
to $1,500,000. has been gone from his resi
dence in tbis City since last Tuesday.
Since last Tuesday Mrs. J. J. Welch, a
divorcee of 19, afrend of the Treadwelb
and a fasc'saung yoang woman, has also
Ken gone, auu t.Js coincidence has
caused no end of worruufit in both
households.
Yesterday Jimmie turned up in San
MRS. J. J. WELCH (Formerly MINNIE SHONE), the Divorcee, Who Was Said to Have Eloped
With James Treadweil, the Heir to $1,500,000. The Latter, However, Denies the Story.
Jose, where his si-ter, Mrs. Nolan, had
gone to seek him, but pretty Mrs. Welch
has not been heard of, and the young
man stoutly denied knowing anything of
her whereabouts.
Altogether it is a most mixed-up af
fair, according to the story of those
most interested. IvanTreadwell, Jimmies
brother, says he knew of the two young
people '"skipping off" on Tuesday last,
he thougni possibly to be married, but he
is not willing to admit that. He says
any marriage between them would be
annulled anyway.
Mrs. Shone, mother of Mrs. Welch, said
she knew her daughter had left tlie City
with young Mr. Treadwdl last Tuesday,
and she believed tliey were married.
Ivan Treaciweti, when seen at his resi
dence, 517 Octavia street, yesterday, said:
"I learned of tht-ir skipping off last
Tuesday to San Jose, and I went to see
the girl's mother. From her I learned
that the marriage ceremony had taken
place. Well, peruaps it's a good thing, so
let it go at that.
"There is one thing that I do know, and
that is that our gmirdian. George Y. Bol
linger, will not countenance the marriage
because Jimmie is only 19 years old and is
nor yet of age. It will have to be an
nulled."
Mrs. Shone is the mother of the fortun
ate youns woman who is supposed to
have captured the heart and hand of the
prospective young millionaire. She lives
at 50. y z Larkin street, where a Call re
porter presented his respects yesterday
akernoon.
She was asked as to the details of the
engagement and ceremony.
She looked at the reporter as he spoke,
her eyes dimmed by ioyous tears. She
turned to other people present, exclaim
in;.' in perfect rapture:
"Minnie is married!"
"But, is sue married?" was asked.
"Vps; I know she is. When she left
BEW TO-DAT.
Itchjng, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with Cuticdra Soaf,
and occasional dressing of CuTroußA, purest oi
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
(Uticura
Treatment will produce s clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else fails.
Sold thronehnut the world. Pottik Dbuo ako Chxm.
Coep.j Solp Propi., Bon ton
IV 'How to produce Luxuriant Hair," mailed free.
SKINS ON F9E 1
here with Mr. Treadwell last Tuesday for
San Jose she was bright and happy. She
was not to make a long atay, and Ire
member how she told me not to worry if
she was away lonter than I expected.
She said to me: 'Mamma, do not be as
tonished if I get married. It may come
very suddenly, and 1 will not atk your
consent.'"
"At first 1 did not line the way she
spoke, and I told her she must not take
such a serious step without my advice.
'She laughed, kissed me and said:
"Dearie, you would not object to my
bettering" my position?' Of course, I
agr ed with her then.
"I am so happy Minnie is married. I
heard oi it before, but I was not sure of it."
'Minnie, 1 ' she said in a Jovely and
motherly way, looking at the photograph
of a pretty brunette she held in her band,
"was a sweet child. Sue married J. J.
Welch, an architect, when she w^s but 17
years old. They did not agree, and when
after one year they found out it was better
to separate, she allowed him to get a di
vorc« on the ground of desertion. She
could have obtained the decree, but you
see there were lots of little things she did
not care to bring up in court, and sne let
him have the divorce.
"Since then her former husband, who
is a lovely man in an ordinary way, has
been a constant visitor to our home.
"Minnie made the acquaintance of
Ivan Treadwell after her divorce and she
kept steady company with iiim until on a
viMt to San Josa she met his brother
James. The young couple learned to like
each other and now the whole thing has
resulted in marriage."
JIMMIE SAYS "NO."
Denies That He Has Married
Mrs. Welch or Any One
Else.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— James Tread-
well when seen here to-night denied the
reports t'.iat h°. was married or contem
plated matrimony. He said he could not
have procured a Jicense to marry as he is
not yet or age. Trea'dwell said he had
heard the reuorts that he had been mar
ried to a girl from San Francisco, but he
laughed at them, thinking it was some
joke that was started by some one in San
Jose.
"I am entirely innocent," he said.
"I was up in San Francisco last Tues
day and i returned on Wednesday, but I
did not bring back with me any woman
named Mrs. Welch. I met her in San
Francisco, but I do not know much about
her. I never saw her mother. I suppose
she might be missing, and some of her
people think she came here with me, but
they are mistaken about that. As I said
before, I am entirely innocent so far as
having anything to do with bringing a
woman to San Jose is concerned or of get
ting married to anybody."
Geor -e Y. Bollinger, the guardian of
James Treadwe'.l, when seen this evening
said he knew nothing about the marriage
of his ward. He had procured no license,
as he was not of age and could not get a
license without tho consent of his guard
ian. Mr. Bollinger said he had not given
his consent to any marriage and never
heard of the woman.
RUSSIA AND FRANCE.
A Reason Why Member* of the Local
Russian Colony Left the Russian
Chuich.
The following is a translation of a letter
published in last Saturday's issue of the
Franco-Californien, the organ of the
French people of (his City:
On Russian Christmas. January 6, members
of the colony, in view of the cordiality now
existing between Russia and France, re
quested Archbishop Nichoias'not to chant, as
he had announced ne would, a Te Deum in
celebration oi the departure of Napoleon from
Moscow in 1812.
The prelate uot only refused to grant the re
quest but in an allocution declared that if the
Emperor Nicholas during his recent visit to
Paris went to visit the tomb of Napoleon at the
Hotel dcs Invilades, tnai had nothing to do
with religion.
Following this declaration, the persofis who
bad addressed the request to the Archbishop
left the Russian church when the first notes
of the Te Deum were intoned. G. Walder,
ex-Captain-of the Russian army.
Holly Purk Interests.
The Holly Park and Mission Improve
ment Club mot at Mission and Thirty
second streets Saturday evening and ap
proved of the petition to have propercy
owners on Cortland avenue, be
tween Mission and Andover streets,
complete the laying of a sidewalk.
A committee was appointed to attend to
the matter. A committee to visit the di
rectors of the San Ma'eo Railroad in re
gard to a franchise on Cortland avenue to
San Bruno road was appointed. The club
election resulted in the following officers
beine chosen: President, N. C. Weinnc^z;
vice-president, T. F. O'Neil; recording
secretary, J. A. Halpin: financial secre
tary, H. E. W inkier; treasurer, K. Rich
en bach; delegates to the Federated Im
provement Clubs — H. E. Winkler, Paul
(fees**!, ThoiuM O'Neil, N. C. Weintolz.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1897.
CAME IN BY THE
ALLEY WIDOW
An Unwelcome Guest Who
Unobtrusively Entered
the Berkshire.
He Took as Much ay He Could
of the Weldon Family's
Property.
The Temporary Absence of the Family
Gavi Him the- Opportunity He
Wished For.
\ .
The Berkshire Hotel, 711 Jones street,
was visited by a burglar last Saturday
evening, and from the systematic man
ner in which he acquitted himself it is
evident the visitor was proficient in the
art of bis profession.
Roy L. Weldon and his wife left their
rooms shortly after 8 o'clock for a walk
downtown, leaving the gas lit and the
door unlocked. Their son was in the
building and about the hallway, which is
on the first floor of the hotel.
Shortly after they left some acquaint
ance of the young man called to see him
and invited him to take a walk. He con
sented and went into his parents' room
for his overcoat, which was hanging on
the rack. On his entry to the room he
lound the place dark. He thought noth
ing of that, however, but seized his coat
and departed.
At 9 o'clock Miss Weldon had occasion
to visit her parents' rooms, and on at
tempting to enter she found the door
locked. This circumntance aroused her
suspicion, so she sent one of the men
through an alleyway that separates the
hotel trom the adjoining house to cam
admittance through the window. The
servant found the window had been
raised. He entered and unlocked the
door, and as soon as the gas was lighted
the handiwork of the professional burglar
was apparent.
While Miss Weldon was straightening
out the confusion which the burglars had
left her paren.s returned. They found
that one tin box, in which there had been
kept bankbooks, deeds, insurance policies
and other papers of value, had disap
peared, as also Mr. WelcU>n's gold watch
and chain, valued at $150, and three
purses containing quite a sum of money
in the aggregate. Tne total he could not
positively say. A handsome gold neck
lace and other pieces of valuable jewelry
belonging to Mrs. Weldon and her daugh
ter had also disappeared.
An examination ot t ie premises showed
that the burslar had gone into the alley
way and had entered through the window.
It is supposed he was in the room at the
time the young man went in after his coat.
The theft was reported to the police, and
Officers Dillon ana Crockett were put on
the case. From the nature of the theft
and circumstances connected with it sus
picion points to the fact that the thief
knew vrliere the family kept their valu
ables and that he was acquainted with
their habits.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon De-
feat T. F. Bonnet and I*. T. Don
nelly, Amateur Champion,
The handball courts were well attended
yesterday. At the San Francisco Court
the attraction was a game in which J. C.
Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon played against
T. F. Bonnet and P. T. Donnelly, the
amateur champion. It was keenly con
tested from the start, and in the final,
when the score stood Bonnet and Don
nelly 15, Nealon and Kilgallon 5, Kilgal
lon, who^e service was terrific, went in
and tossed sixteen consecutive aces, win
ning the game.
Phil Ryan and P. McKmnon played a
ereat game against George McDonald and
Dan Rodgers. Each side won a game, and
the final was postponed till next Sunday,
owimj to darkness.
Several games were played in the Union
court, which now presents an inviting
appearance.
Following were the games played yes
terday:
San Francisco Court— M. Maguire and F.
Lupkin defeated J. Hussey and G. Maguire,
21—13, 15—21, 21—18. J. O'Leary and J.
Brannock defeated H. Moffitt and P. Barrett,
21—15, 14—21, 21—19. G. McDonald and P.
Kyiin defeated \V. Manion and M. McNeil,
21—12, 16—21, 21—15. E. Curley and M.
Kdwards defeatea M. McLaughlin and M. Me-
Clure, 21-13, 15-21, 21—17. P. McKinniou
and P. Ryan piayed against G. McDonald
and I). Rudgers, eacn side winning a game.
Doc Molloy and T. Sullivan defeated R.
Shields and R. Shea, 21— 16, 14-21, 21-20.
E. Toy and J. Harlow defeated D. Connelly
and E. Maloney, 21—15, 17—21. 21—19. R.
Lineban and E. Toy defeated J. Feeney and P.
Kellv, 21-13, 10-21, 21—18. J. C. Kealon
and M. J. Kilgallon defeated 1. F. Bonnet and
P. T. Donnelly, 2l— ls, 18-21, 21—15.
Union court — M. Jitscli and J. Hoeiin de
feated J. McDuff and W. McGulre, 21— 16,
14—21,21—18. James O'Donnell ana T. Jor
dan defeated J. Daly and T. Murphy, 19—21,
21—16, 21—11. R. Murphy and J. Carßon de
feated J. Flynn and W. Casserly, 21—11,
17—21, 21—18. Terry McManus and J. Har
low defeated J. Feeney and J. Bradley, 21—18,
13-21,21-19.
Archbishop Riordan'M Lecture.
Archbishop Riordan will lecture this even
ing at Metropolitan Hall for the benefit of the
Presentation Convent, Powell street. His sub
ject will be "The Constitution of the Churcn."
Tickets, 50 cents. Reserved seats, on sale
to-day at the hall, 25 cents.
Jew elk y . store 5 10 7 ' Third street removed to
803 Kearny street. ; : v " ; ,: : " ' ' '
Mrs. A. Schuller, Who Says Matrimony Is a Failure. Two Years
Ago She Was a Single Woman and Worth $15,000. Now
She Is Married and Selling Violets for a, Living.
MRS, SCHULLER
AND HER VIOLETS
She Sells Flowers at the
Door of Her Husband's
Office.
He Deserted Her, She Says,
After All Her Money
Was Gone.
A New Way of Bringing a Man lo
the Point of Supportiif
His Wife.
"These are all that stand between me
and starvation on the street, for I have no j
other friends."
The sneaker was Mrs. Schull.er, the wife )
of Andrew Sclinller, real estate and in
surance ngent. 508 Montgomery street, who
lives in Oakland. The "these" referred
to were several bunches of violets on a
little stand at the corner of Post and
Kearny streets yesterday. Above the
blue blossoms was a large card, upon
which was printed her name, "Mrs. A.
Schuller."
The violet-seller is separated from her
husband, and she has brought suit against
him for maintenance, alleging that he was
worth fully $20,000, but had quietly placed
his property out of his bands and had re
fused to support ncr or give her one cent.
She also stated that when she married
Andrew Schuller in 1894 she was a widow
worth $15,000 in real estate and that,
through the manipulations of Schuller,
she is now penniless.
The complaint which she swore to and
filed against her husband was a long one
and ii told a plaintive tale of cruelty,
fraud and even an attempt to murder her
by btuouing her in the neck with a pocket
knife.
Schuller replied to the complaint that
he was without money or property and
was dependent on charity for his support.
After her unsuccessful attempt to get
something out of Scbuller she hit
upon a plan to earn a living and at the
same time remind her husoana of his ob
ligation.
She procured her stock of violets and
took her stand last Saturday on Montgom
ery street just opposite fcchuller's office.
She did well at her new venture because
many of her husband's customers were her
old friends and they bought violets as
they passed her. When Scnuller went out
to his lunch his wife was standing there
with her violets, and when he returned to
his ofhee she was still at her post.
"When Andrew Schuller married me
two years aeo," said she yesterday, "he
told me he was worth $50,000. 1 owned a
house at Oak and Lyons streets in this
City and I was quite independent. Now I
am destitute and Andrew Schuiler has
turned me out on the streets. I have
nothing between me and starvation but
these violets."
HER PAINFUL MISTAKE.
MUs Amelia Manning Applies Carbolic
Acid to Her Face Instead of
Glycerine and Roge Water.
Amelia Manning, a young woman, liv
ing at 771 Howard street, made a mistake
yesterday afternoon that will not only
cause her suffering, but will disfigure her
for months.
She was dressing to go to the matinee
at the Orpheum, and on her table were a
a bottle containing a mixture of glycerine
and rose water and one containing car
bolic acid. She took the wrong bottle and
wiped her face with the carbolic acid. She
screamed with pain, and a hack was sum
moned and she was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
When she reached there her face was
swollen to almost twice its natural s^ze.
Dr. Bunnell. promptly applied a counter
irritant.
Dr. Bunnell said the carbolic acid must
have been diluted, otherwise the inflam
mation would have been much greater. It
will take months before her cheeks will
resume their natural color.
PENTECOSTAL CONVENTION.
Rev. A. Coplin Speaks of the Sanctifl-
cation of the I)inciples.
Rev. A. Coplin of Oakland conducted
the first of a series of Sunday services,
which be designates a Pentecostal conven
tion, at Christian Assembly Hall, 1237%
Market street, yesterday afternoon and
evening. The aim of this convention,
which is designed to last two weeks, is
stated to be >( to gather around the person
of the glorified Lord and through the
smdy ol the Word, teaching' prayer, testi
mony and song, to come into our full in
heritance in Christ."
The subject of Mr. Coplin's evening ; dis
course was "The Endowing of the Disciples
With the Hoiy Ghost."
LEARNING LORE OF
THE GREAT GUNS
Something That Gunners of
United States Army
Must Know.
Notes of the fchool of Instruc
tion for the Education
of the Soldier.
Two 0 fleers iiimironed to App?ai
Before the Examining Board
for Promotion.
Tse military posts were comparatively
deserted last Saturday afternoon, and it
was all on account of the ball game that
the boys of the Army and Navy team
played at the Central Park grounds with
me team of the University Club.
Yesterday there was a happy smile on
every face at the Presidio from that of the
stern-faced general down to the raw re
cruit, and all were pleased because the
boys Irom the post bad won, and that by
such great odds.
There is still a large force of men at
wort tilling in the marsh lands north of
the parade ground at the Presidio and the
earth mounds that were built and for many
years stood to the west of the grounds
are disappearing. When the whole place
has been rilled in and brought to the
proper level the space will be converted
into a parade ground, and will be the
i largest and best ground at any post in the
i United States for military maneuverings.
During the present month and the
j month of February there will be a school
I of instruction for the men who mount the
I guns that have been placed in position for
coast defense. During the days when
there is no intelement weather there will
be outdoor instruction, but in rainy
weather the instructions will be indoors,
all with a view to make the officers and
men thoroughly familiar with their duties.
The course ot instruction during these
j months will comprise:
Gymnastic drill; parade and foot drill; ar
tillery drill (with local armaments at the posts
where the butteries are stationed); Instruc
tion by detachments with a view to qualify ing
as many men as possible for the duties of gun
ners, and making all the members of the bat
teries familiar with the nomenclature and
uses of the more important implements and
instruments employed In connection with
their duties.
Such instruction will be given by commis
sioned officers, under the supervision of the
commanding officers, in the manner best cal
culated to bring iheir commands to a high
average of proficiency, aiming rather at mak
ing as many men as possible competent to
discharge the ordinary duties of gunners,
under modern conditions, than at qualifying a
necessarily small number in the more difficult
subjects which constitute a special course.
The following are embraced in the re
quirements for gunners, witb a view to
make them as proficient as possible, and
with the idea that every man who hns to
do with one of the guns shall know as
much as possible about it:
Nomenclature and use of azimuth instru
ments, transits, plotting boards, setting up,
leveling, adjusting, taking and reading ob
servations and plotting sirae.
Nomenclature and use of quadrants and
sights, principles of construction, adjustments
for range, drift, movement of target, and dif
ference ot level.
Nomenclature and weight of guns, carriages,
projectiles and powder charges.
Laying of guns and mortars on stationary
and moving objects.
Service of local armament.
Fuses and ammunition, nature, care and
preparation.
Tracking drill, estimating and determining
the speed of vessels.
Judging distances to stationary and moving
objects, and use of stop-watch in connection
with judging distances.
Memorizing distances to all prominent land
marks.
Range tables, Including graphic tables as far
as they can be practically applied and readily
understood.
Nomenclature and use of anemometer, ther
mometer, barometer and psychrometer.
Use of drawing instruments.
Jadgiag and* determining velocity of wind,
causes affecting flight of projeoiiles, espe
cially those due to the wind and to improper
loading and drift.
Nomenclature and use of electric batteries,
machines and primers.
Mounting, dismounting and moving guns,
mechanical machines, gins, gun-liLs, jacks
and craitles.
Tackles, falls and slings.
Cordage, knots, etc.
This instruction will be given in the fore
noons of at least four days of each week.
Four days in tne week, weather and
condition of ttie ground permitting, there
are drills in the morning at the Presidio
by four troops of cavalry and two batter es
of light artillery. Those who are early,
risers and take an interest in matters
military can witness some very fine
maneuvers.
Lieutenant R. B. Turner, Sixth Infan
try, and Lieutenant J. A. Maney, Fif
teenth Infantry, have been ordered to
appear before the examining board for
promotion.
The announcement recently published
that there would soon be a number of the
officers of the army retired on account of
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOOT>«*.
BLANKETS
COMFORTERS.
We beg to announce that this week we will place
on sale 1500 PAIRS PURE-WOOL BLANKETS, MANU-
FACTURED SPECIALLY FOR US by the GOLDEN
GATE WOOLEN MANUFACTURING CO. These Blan-
kets come in 3 sizes and will be sold at
U, $5 and $6 per Pair.
We will also sell this week 15 dozen FANCY
SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS at $1 each and 15 dozen
FINE EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS at $4 each. Former
prices of these Comforters was $2 and $7.50 each.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
20 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN LADIES*
SKIRTS (black only).
$2.50 Each.
Regular value $3.50.
15 dozen LADIES' SILK TAFFETA SKIRTS (extra
size), in both plain and striped.
$5.00 Each.
Worth $8.50.
SEE EXHIBITION OF ABOVE GOODS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOWS.
TELEPHONB OR.A.NT IS4.
* 111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
ace is one that occurs every now and then.
The changes tbat will be made will not
affect the Department of California.
The following order, issued a few days
since, shows that the men at the several
posts are not to spend their time iv idle
ness:
All instruction, both theoretical and practi)
cal (including parade and other ceremonies,
will be conducted in the lorenoon of each day
and no Instruction, except such as is specially,
authorized herein, will be conducted in the
afternoon, wnich will be reserved for admin
istrative duties ana labor in connection with
supply departments, police, fatigue, etc. No
instruction will be had on Sundays or on Sat
urdays (except such as is specially authorized)
One day in each week will be >et aside at
each post on which no Instruction, either
practical or theoretical (excepting field exer
cises, target practice and post school) will be
scheduled. This day will not be used for sig
naling, bearer arid or theoretical instruction,
but for making up regular practical instruc
tion which may have been Interfered with by
weather or other emergencies; for such infan
try instruction of heavy artillery as command
ing officers may deem necessary ; for any kind
of military exercises that may be considered
desirable, and for road and practice marches,
field exercises, practical instruction in field
enidneerinK, etc. Some kind of regular mili
tary instruction must be had, and battalion
and company commanders will be given an
opportunity to utilize a portion of the time
on these days for any practical Ins-ruction
which they may especially desire to have. The
provision of paragraph 1, limiting instructions
to the forenoon, will not apply to this (lav.
The period between December 21 and Jan
uary 5 each year will be treated as a ho.iday
season, during which no instruction whatso
ever, either practical or theoretical, for offi
cers or enlisted men, will be given.
From January 6 to May 4 is designated as
the period for ihtoretienl instructions in
lyceum;, schools of non-commissioned officers
and post school-.
SAYS WE WERE EGYPTIANS
Dr. J. A. Anderson Says Some of Us
Are Doubtless Reincarnations of
the Ancient Egyptians.
Last night, at the Academy of Sciences,
Dr. J. A. Anderson delivered an address
to the Theosophical Society, taking for his
subject, "Memories of Past Lives." .
The memories referred to were those
which are the spirit* holding on to some
of the experiences of previous incarna
tions. Our physical being, he said, has its
traces of its passage through many stages
in different lives— from the brutes up to
the most finely organized human being.
Much that we have of passion and cvii
propensity can be explained In this way.
Likewise each man's intellect is the
product of experiences; not merely from
the cradle of his present life, but reaching
far back when the same mind was in other
bodies.
Man's moral and spiritual natures have
been built up to their present excellence
or depravity through a long cycle of
struggle to improve or of yielding to base
ness when the soul inhabited other bodies
and was Known by other names in cen
turies gone by.
It is only thus that the strange memo
ries that come ao startlingly can be ac
counted for. This is the explanation of
how the "adepts" gain their wonderful
power. By a pure and highly spiritual
existence through many incarnations the
adept accumulates the knowledge ac
quired through centuries of varied experi
ence and laborious research. He does not
lose so much of his attainments in re
births as do the souls which are not adepts.
. After the address there were a number
of questions asked by members of the
society and answered by other members.
In replying to one of these Dr. Anderson
said that some or us living on earth now
were ancient Egyptians. In the long cycle
of experiences through which we all pass
our souls were doubtless incarnated cen
turies ago on the banks of the Nile.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Bimlla j*~JY stir* *mm lfBt
& CO.
Pure
food
grocers.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Tea 3 lbs $1.00
regularly 50c.
. Oolong, English Breakfast, Japan,
Assam Ceylon, Gunpowder, New
Blends, and Family Mixed.
Excelsior baking powder
lb ; .30
5-lb tin 1.25
. regularly 45c,
Sells without advertising.
Seafoam corn tin .123
" succotash " .12]
regularly 15c.
Fanciest Maine corn and beans.
Alcalde fruits tin .20
regularly 25c.
Extra fruit, heavy syrup, 3-lb tin.
Mushrooms (buttons) tin 22a
regularly 35c
Buttons are the choicest and
finest flavored mushrooms.
Dundee marmalade, jar .172
regu'arly 25c.
Known all over the world as the
best.
Mincemeat, Atmore's
regularly (Mb pa. l b'»c < special 55c
3-lb jar 70c " 50c
5-lb jar 93c " TO e
This is the time of year for it.
Send, for January Cata-
logue, free.
Mail orders have most
careful attention. •:
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
-»> i f y _ -ggSsSSr Is the Place to Bay
J§H|| DESKS, CHAIRS
' ||Ji|pjS§|§ OFFICE FURNITURE
jLS^jgjpfiqj-— jfJMTi 638-040 Mission St.
. oc>siiwic>3E : "c>xjx .^.ixr. ,
Opposite U. 8. ■ Mint, 100 and , 102 Fifth at.. Stan
Francisco, CaL-Th« most select family hotel la -
• the city. Board and room *1, »1 25 and $1 60 pet
day according to room. Meals ~.>c. Uounu 50a
and 76c a day. < Free coach to and from the taocet.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/"IHARIjES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOKNKY-Aifc
\j Law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo>
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Retldoac* IUI
»'»U Mntt. - I'olepkgiM « JPtu " 3891. • -