VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 47.
WEYLER'S CRUEL
DECREE IN FORCE
■;t:\: ••'•7 •■■-;■ '
"Valuable Prcp.rties in the
: ; Provinces Must Be
Abandoned.
.'•*." •' __________
■r- , .*
■ Eut at the Same Time the
. Owners Are Expected to
Pay Taxes.
. An Augmentation cf the Misery Caused
:'.'.... by . Crowding the Cubans
Into Towns.
-_.'• KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 15.— Advices
'!:6m Havana state that the effect of Wey
f ier's famous Bayate edict of the Ist inst. is
\ teing felt with more intensity in the
provinces of Havana and Matanzas than
•"in' tbat of Pinar del Rio, since those
provinces, being more thickly populated
and having more farms and estates than
the former, the wholesale abandonment of
the properties and concentration of the
people in the towns will not only augment
misery already prevailing, but also present
the serious inconvenience of lodging so
many people in towns already full to
overflowing.
' Without discussing Weyler's inhuman
measures in thu3 depriving peaceful and
unoffending citizens of their rightful
means of existence and handling tnem iv
already crowded spaces, exposed to all the
rigors of hunger and disease, simply for
the sake of clearing the country of so
called rebel sympathizers, a legal point
has been sprung by the foreign property
owners, especially the Americans who
.own large properties in the provinces of
Havana and Matanzas, which will surely
lead to complications and claims on the
Spanish Government.
Weyler distinctly states iv the decree
that those who wish to remain on their
properties must exhibit the last tax bill
• paid.
As taxes are only levied on productive
industries, and these planters have not
been able to worK en account of the ab
normal conditions in the provinces since
Gomez' invasion in December, ISOS, no
taxes have teen collected since tha; time.
The Government tacitly admitting such
unusual circumstances or being powerless
to collect them while the rebels were in
possession of the country, did not press
their collections, consequently no taxes
have been paid in the country since the .
date mentioned.
Besides that Weyler has unofficial
! ordered that no sugar crop should be ]
r..dde, and now he wants the sugar-plant- !
ers to pay taxes on an industry which j
they nave not been able to produce.
One result is that the manager of the |
sugar estate at San Antonio, near Mad
ruga, Havana, owned by Antonio Terry,
an American citizen residing in Paris,
presented himself to Consul Lee demand
ing protection because the military com
mander ot Madruga ordered him to aban
don the place, which is one of the most
valuable estates in the province, worth
half a million dollars, because he did not
present the required tax bill. Consul Lee
at once took the case in hand, and simul
taneously pressnted the case to the Cap-
I tain-General and the State Department at
Washington. No replies ha.* been received
either from Weyler or Secretary Q;ney.
To depict the situation in Pinar del Reo
noihi-ig can be better said than to trans
late tiie report of a trip made to the city
of that name by a correspondent of La
Luch
"All the way traversed by the railroad
from Artemisa to Conso'acion del Suris,
without exaggeration the most chastised,
has undoubtedly suffered most irom the
ricors of war. The fields wasted and
abandoned; the bushes and trees de
stroyed and the yellow and decayed leaves
strewn by the wind as tears drawn from
the mother earth, pained and anguished
at the folly of men; the huts destroyed;
the stone houses, in other times happy
homes, converted by the hands of rebels
end Spanish alike into heaps of ruins, the
black and fallen walls of which, covered
with lichen, only serve as a refuge for the
lizards and owls; the canefieids, dried up
and covered with bushes by the ravages of
fire; the towns, the authorities of which are
making great efforts to remedy the necessi
ties of I he residents full of people, of poor
lamilies who daily troop down from the
hills, attenuated by hunger and emaciated
by the fevers in such a way that they re
"semble skeletons risen out of their tombs
to appear before the final judgment. To
the right and left of the road as fast as
the train winds its rapid march the trav
eler observes with painful anguish the
desolation and ruin within the inextin
guishable poetry of these exuberant fields,
always green with the eternal verdure of
spring, as if God witb his eloquence would
show us that the only thing we men can
do is to destroy the beauties which surged
from his bounteous will."
11 ■!!■■■ m i— __<iiii-iiiii«iiiii.iiii-— m.l '__B**_H**l
MAY AOO.V ESD THE WAR.
Senator Sherman Thinks That Spain
Mil" Grant Autonomy.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 15.-Senator
Sherman passed through Pittsburg to
night, en route from Canton to Washing
ton. On the subject of Cuba Senator
Sherman said:
"It begins to look as though Spain
would grant Cuba some kind of autonomy
which will speedily end the war. If the
Spanish Government would grant to the
people of Cuba the same rights that are
accorded to the people of Spain it would
have much to do with ending the strug
gle. I am in favor of non-interference
with the affairs of Cuba. About all we
want to do is to buy products of the
island and sell her all tbe goods we can.
I do not believe there is any reliable news
coming from the war.
* "We have no knowledge of what our
representative, Mr. Lee, reported to the
President, except as might be inferred
from the message, and one can readily un
derstand that it might be embarrassing to
him, in his relations with the Spanish
authorities at Havana, if the full text of
his report were made public. We do
know, however, that the reports from
The San Francisco Call.
Cuba, published in the newspapers every
morning, are very unreliable."
"How about an extra session of Con
gress?" Senator Sherman was asked.
"It is absolutely certain that we will
have an extra session, and the earlier It is
held the better. It is very necessary that
we should have a prompt readjustment of
the tariff, and it is probable that the extra
session will be confined to tariff legisla
tion exclusively, though you know Con
gress can consider any subject once it is
called in session."
"Who will probably succeed you, Sena
tor, as chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee?"
'Probably Senator Cushman K. Davis
of Minnesota, though Senator William P.
Frye of Maine is next in order of appoint
ment to a place on the committee. Mr.
Frye, I believe, will prefer to remain at
the head of the Committee on Commerce."
WEYLER _*.*. JHE FIELD.
Marching in the Direction of the Forces
Under Gomez.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— The
Herald's correspondent in Jacksonville,
Fla., telegraphs a3 follows: I have received
a dispatch from Havana which says that
General Weyler has again left that city
with his columns for the field.
This time the captain-general marches,
Havana advices say, in the direction of
the borders of Matanzas and Las Villas,
where Maximo Gomez is supposed to be.
A special cable to the Herald from Ha
vana says: The Rev. Samuel D. Payne,
pastor of a Congregational church in San
ford, Flu., writes to Consul-General Lee to
look out for his son, who he believes was
captured by Spaniards. John W. Sher
man, a Lynchburg (Va.) printer, is also
sought for through the consulate ny his
wife.
REFORMS FOR CUBA.
It Is Alto Reported That Sanguilly May
lie Pardoned.
LONDON, Em?., Jan. 15.— A dispatch
I from Madrid says that the Cabinet council,
| over which the Queen Regent presided,
i has decided to immediately introduce re-
I forms in Cuba. The decree putting the
i reforms into effect will be published on
the King's fete day. The dispatch also
says it is probable that Julio San guilly,
the American citizen recently sentenced
in Havana to life imprisonment, will be
granted a free pardon.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 15.— The Madrid
correspondent of the Standard confirms
the statement that the Spanish Govern
ment has decided to immediately effect
reforms in Cuba. It is added that the
Government is taking such a serious step
I o.i the event of Mr. McKinley's advent to
j office, hoping to clearly indicate that it
! acted spontaneously in going even beyond
the power voted by the Cortes, for which
'he latter must grant a bill of indemnity.
The reforms will show to what extent the
Government is prepared to go, and that it
i is gradually preparing the colonies for
! autonomy, without yielding the rights of
! Spain and Parliament. It will also soon
; be seen that Spain is disposed to make
j sacrifices in connection with the Cuban
j budget. The reforms will not be realized
•a; thou: seriously dashing with Spain's
i material interests. Spaniards look with
j impatience and anxiety to the effect the
! reforms will have in America.
-SO MEGOIIATIOMi MADE.
Premier Co nor us .-.uihorires a Denial
of Published Reports.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 16.— special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Madrid
says: In regard to the reported negotia
tions with the United States to bring
about peace in Cuba, Premier Canovas
says in an interview published in the Im
parcial yesterday that no negotiations are
going on.
He authorized the paper to deny the re
ports published both in the Spanish and
foreign press. All he knows is that they
are entirely unfounded.
"I have been studying the problem of
reforms," he said, "for some time, and I
will hand the decree to the Gazette when
the moment for enforcing them is consid
ered opportune.
"The reforms will be most ample — more
ample, natuially, than those granted to
Porto Rico. They will, I trust, satisfy the
necessities."
Going to Fitht for Cuba.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 15.— Second
Lieutenant Charles E. Hays of the
Eighteenth Infantry, who is a native cff
Illinois and rose from the ranks five years
ago, has gone to Cuba to accept a com
mission in tbat army. In his resignation,
which was accepted by the President to
date from January 6, he made no refer
ence to his future movements, but in
transmitting the resignation to his colonel
he said that he was going to fight for
Cuba's freedom.
The Fuerst Bismarck Herself Again.
HAMBURG, Germany, Jan. 15.— The
Hamburg-American line steamer Fuerst
Bismarck sustained no damage whatever
by grounding in the river Elbe, where sue
remained for a week, and will sail for New
York on Monday.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 16, 1897.
HOW HAVANA IS FORTIFIED BY THE SPANIARDS
Havana has long bsen rated as one of the most strongly fortified places in the world, and certainly as the second strongest if not actually the first in the
Western Hemisphere. It has been considered as practically impregnable, and justly so if massive stone walls, frowning fortresses and numbers of guns should count
for anything, for with these Havana is most abundantly furnished. Its impregnability to-day, however, against attack by modern means and methods is an open
question. Since its capture by the English in 1762, when the Morro Castle was mined and taken, no attempt has been made against the city, and its powers of resist
ance have remained unproved". Since that time, too. its defenses have been largely strengthened. At the time of the English attack they consisted of the Castillo de
La Fuerza, built in 1530 by Hernando de Soto, on the eastern side of the town, as a defense against pirates who had taken and burned the city two years before; the
Castillo de La Punta and the Castillo de Las Tres Reyes del Morro, at the entrance to the harbor, begun in 1589. after a second capture and sack of the city by the
pirate Jacob Sores. Though often threatened, for nearly 80 years these partially completed structures served to keep off any attack.
In June, 1762, an English fleet of 200 sail, with an army of 14.000 men, under the Duke of Albemarle, appeared off the town. Landing a large force on the coast
east of Murro Castle, they laid seige to it for two months, finally springing a mine and taking it by assault. The city capitulated and was held with the coast from ,
Mariel to Matanzas till the following year, when it was restored to Spain in exchange for the Floridas. vs - , .-. '< ' ■ r^?^<Kl '"'"- -'■*- '"•-'" -,
Upon their departure the reconstrhction of Morro Castle was begun under the direction of the celebrated Marshal O'Reilly. Also the erection of the fortress
San Carlos de La Cabana, just east of Morro; the fortress of Santo Domingo de Atares, some distance below the arsenal, on the southwestern^end^^th^-j-v^^tph^^*
Castillo de Pnncioe, on & hill about biaii. w?miAjtetMM*m*a. -Xtmm vm* tnu.am fc-ftt-t im _uwHuß-*hwl by -WTt, btrt *_*«•- _e*,n «*:•_<_«- >»«• . -c „~..
time to time since, and several minor batteries added. San Diego, or Fort Number Four, just east the Cabana, commanding the land approaches from the east as
well as the bay; the Queen's battery, on the northwestern corner of the new town; the battery Santa Clara, ,on a considerable eminence further to the
west, and San Nasario battery, between it and Principe, as well as the battery of the "Twelve Apostles," near the Morro, mounting twelve pound bronze cons;
a water battery, La Paslora, at the foot of the western slope from La Cabana, bearing directly upon the entrance, and Casa Blanca, near the water's edge, further
east. An old tower, La Charrera, stands on the coast some two miles to the west of St. Lazaro cove.
Quite recently new batteries on modern plans and with modern equipments have been constructed one on the coast northeast of Morro and another on a
hill west of Santa Clara battery.
Morro Castle, being an object of much prominence on entering the harbor, is briefly described, as far as can be seen from the outside, by nearly every writer
on Havana, and those few visitors who in times of peace have been able to gain access to the inside have been limited to certain parts of the fortress, commanding
fine views, but affording no opportunities for observing the details as to armament, etc. Its walls are of massive stones and of great thickness, on the scarp being
fully 100 feet high and 50 feet wide on top. There are a large number of old-fashioned 24 and 32 pounders strung around, and lately a number of modern cuns of
high range have been mounted on the west and sea side. The .sea coast battery just beyond, in addition to its twenty-four 32-pounders, has been strengthened with
some Krupp guns. A covered way leads from Morro to this battery, also one to La Cabana fortress, further to the east
The Fortress de La Cabana is the largest on the Island, and said to be one of the best in the whole world. Lite the Morro, the forts are constructed of solid
stone and concrete. They are over half a mile long, and have room for an unlimited number of cannon and accommodations for 4500 men. They mount a large num
ber of old-time cannon, many of them relics of special instances of triumph of the Spanish arms— bearing such once awe-inspiring names as 'The Thunderer," "The
Peace-maker." "La Terror," "La Destrucion," etc. Newer guns have been added in later years, which sweep the sea to the north, as well as the city to the south,
the country on the lower side of the bay and beyond Regla, and even as far as Guanabacoa, three miles to the east. On the southern side of the fortress the wads rise
right up the bay side, and on the northern and eastern sides are of great strength and height. San Diego, or No. 4, lies about half a mile east of La Ca
bana, and was once quite a strong fort. It commands the land approaches from the east, and has lately been improved and strengthened with new guns.
Of the fortresses on the otner side of the bay Del Principe is by far the largest and strongest. It commands not only the approach by sea and the entrance to ,
the harbor, but also the country around in every direction. It bas been improved and strengthened lately, as have the batteries to the north, intended for sea defense.
The new battery to the west of the Santa Clara has only lately been completed. It is said to be equipped with Krupp and Armstrong guns of late model, and will doubt
less prove to an attacking force one of the most formidable defences of the whole lot. Each of these fortresses has its own Governor or commander, who resides
within its walls— all bein_ of course under the Captain-General. La Cabana ana Del Principe are under the command of brigadier-generals of the Spanish army. Morro
has a major; La Punta, San Diego, Santa Ciara, San Nasario and the new battery, captains, and the others, including Atares, on the south of the city, lieutenants.
This grading of the commanders gives some idea of the relative importance of the several fortresses from a Spanish point of view.
Against such appliances as the insurgent army can command the city is indeed impregnable, with La Cabana and San Diego commanding the approaches from
the east and southeast; Atares on tho south and Del Principe and the other batteries to the north of it, sweeping the country to the south and west a_d southwest;
these would render a belt of country encircling the entire city from one and a half to two miles wide untenable by any force, unless advancing by regular siege ap
proaches. Strategy or treachery alone could put any of these strong fortresses in possession of the insurgents. Swift raids might give them temporary possession of
parts of the city, but the whole place is so thoroughly commanded by Dal Principe and Li Cabana that it could soon be destroyed . and burned over their heads.
Other provision is also made against such raid 3. On every road leading into Hivana fortifications have been erected, equipped and manned. Miles of earthworks
have been thrown up, and on every little eminence commanding a half-mile radius a fort has been built of stone and earth and roofed with boiler plate, and having
a lookout on top. Every little cluster of houses on the outskirts of the city, and every plantation near has its little fort commanding the place. These are garrisoned
by from 80 to 150 men, and many have machine guns. Th. approaches to Regla, across the way from Havana, and to Guanabacoa, some three mile* to the east, are
likewise guarded. The su.ar warehouses of Regla are use as forts; barricades of barrels and sugar sacks, filled with earth, built across the roads, and barbed wire
strung on if posts all around the towns to guard against sudden raids.
. Even in the piping times of peace Havana is essentially a military city. The very head of the Government is a soldier, and so on down to the lowest. The
officials are mainly military men. At every corner is a soldier, a sentinel stands before every public office. . Guard reliefs and patrols traverse the streets at all
times. Bugle calls and drum rolls fill the air, and "Quien vive?" "Who goes there?" is to be heard at all times, day and night. The plain answer, "Espana," Spaniard,
or "Forastero," foreigner, is not sufficient, especially at night. If you have no pass, a full and minute explanation must be given as to who you are, and the object
. you have in being on the street. Formerly the answer "Americano" would be enough to lower the challenger's gun instanter and allow you to pass on your way
freely, but now it is the very opposite. The American is no longer popular, either with the "peninsulares"' or Spanish soldiers, or the "insuiares" or those recruited
on the island. Every opportunity of stopping him is seized, and this, with the constant espionage of the detectives who dog the steps of every visitor from the
• United States, makes one feel that he is a persona non grata in Havana. . ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RETRENCHMENT
HOW DEMANDED
Purchase of the Expensive
Furniture Will Be In
vestigated.
Meanwhile Warrants for Pay
ment Will Be Withheld by
the Controller.
Speaker Coombs Says Plainly That tho
Grind Jury Will Consider the
Expenditures.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15.—Ac
cording to caucus programme the Assem
bly Democrats and Populists roared to
day on the extravagances of temporary
organization. It was acknowledged that
there was no law against the chief clerk
putting 111 attaches on the temporary
roll, but Mr. Shanahan denounced the act
as extravagant beyond all precedent. He
said that the present term was his fifth in
the Assembly. During the session in
which he last served th-s cost of tempo
rary organization was only $600, which
sum was $500 more than ought to have
been allowed. The obvious deduction was
tbat the present Legislature in allowing
$4000 had exceeded a just allowance by
$3900.
While the members were storming
about expenses already incurred and paid,
The Call arrived, containing an exclu
sive account of the reckless squandering
of the contingent fund for the purchase of
costly furniture. Two years ago commit
tee-room lurniiure sufficient to last the
Legislature lor twenty years was pur
chased. Already this session ten expen
sive desks, costing about $50 each, have
been bought for the Assembly, and as
many more for the Senate.
The expose in The Call prompted As
semblyman Emmons of Kern to imme
diately prepare and introduce the follow
ing resolution to investigate the trans
actions:
Resolved, That this House Instruct the Con
troller to withhold all warrants for furniture
purchased during this thirty-second session
of the Legislature, ostensibly for the use of the
various committees of the Assembly, until the
said purchase can be investigated by a com
mittee appointed for that purpose.
The .resolution was not referred to a
committee but was immediately adopted
by the Assembly, and in accordance with.
He p-orUioi** tt*
ment oi furniture "will not be authorized
until all the facts are presented to the
House. Action of a similar character will
probably, be taken by the Senate.
During the discussion on the subject of
the roll of temporary organization Speaker
Coombs announced that he had taken
steps to present the matter to the Grand
Jury should the Assembly fail to investi
gate. Subsequently the Speaker, who had
called Judge Dibble to the chair, said on
the floor that the announcement he had
made with reference to Grand Jury inves
tigation was not intended to prevent in
quiry by the House.
Assemblyman North of Alameda sug
gested that the best thing to do was to
wait until the committee of five to whom
the subject was referred should present a
report.
Mr. Shanahan raised the point of order
that the committee of five represented a
caucus unknown officially to tne Assem-
biv.
"Mr. North did not acknowledge that the
committee referred to was appointed by
the Republican caucus; neither did he
deny it.
The discussion ended by sending the
Dryden resolution, calling for an investi
gation to the Committee on Attaches.
The Speaker indicated that the committee
would report next Monday.
There was another breeze over the San
ford resolution to thank Congress for de
feating the funtiin*. bill and to as_ the
Governor to proclaim a legal holiday in
honor of the defeat. This resolution
emanating from the union caucus of
Democrats and Populists was concocted
for political buncombe. The Republicans
perceived this point yesterday and re
ferred the subject to the Committee on
Federal Relations, Mr. Goodhue, chair
man. To-day the committee reported the
following substitute:.
Resolved, That the Assembly of California
congratulates the people upon the defeat of
the refunding bill in Congress, and earnestly
protests against the passage of any other bill
of like import whatever now pending or to bo
introduced hereafter; that it is opposed to pe
titioning the executive to declare Saturday a
legal holiday in honor of the passage or defeat
of any bill pending in Congress; that the ex
ecutive is vested with power, under section IO
of the Political Code of CalHornia, to declare
legal holidays and suspend general business,
including all industrial pursuits, and should
the executive of this State deem that
such occasion has arisen upon the de
feat of the funding bill, or shoull ha
deem such occasion arises upon the passage
of a protective tariff upon the lines of the
former McKinley tariff law, the executive of
this State, iv the exercise of his discretion,
will doubtless proclaim a holiday; that this
Assembly will aajourn at such time as it may
deem proper in view of the public duties
which may be imposed upon it from time to
time and will remain In session when it can
best subserve the interests of the people of
California. S. E. Goodhue, Chairman.
The reference on the substitute for a
legal holiday in honor of a protective
tariff bill riled Snanahan and other Popu
lists.
Mr. Caminetti asserted that the minority
on the floor had had no opportunity to
study the substitute. Besides, he pro
tested against the action of the committee,
ln his judgment the language of the reso
lution was not respectful. He thought
the Assembly should show more respect
to the Governor. He moved that the reso
lution be recommitted to the committee.
Assemblymen Bridgford, Caminetti,
Shanahan, San ford and Emmons partici
pated in the discussion. Ou the motion to
recommit it North of Aiameda called ths
previous question. The question was
ordered and the recommittal denied. The
report ot the committee was adopted. Mr.
Sanford changed his vote and gave notice
of leconsideration. This indicates that
the minority will renew the fight next
Monday.
Assemblyman Emmons was allowed to
file a protest in the journal to "the effect
that the original resolution introduced by
Sanford was not sent to the committee.
Chief Clerk Duckworth was allowed to
insert in the journal that he sent the
original resolution to the State. Printer in
obedience to the rules of the House and
the law of the State. -
In the field of real leadership Judge
Henry C. Dibble has been accorded the2
first place by almost unanimous consent
*>f the Republican majority. As chairman
Df the Committee ou Revision of tne
Codes he holds the most responsible posi
tion on the floor of the Assembly.
The Assembly Ways and Means Com
mittee last evening voted to report ad
versely on the bill providing for an ap
propriation in aid of the McKinley
protection arch at Washington on in
augural day.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw, who appeared
before the committee to make an argu
ment for the bill, was seen aft*?r the meas
ure was squelched in committee : He said :
"I do not regret the action of the com
mittee. It would have been a quick way
to have raised the money for the arch if
the State had promptly provided for the
expense. This is, however, a business
question rather than a political one, and
the business men of California will appre
ciate its importance because they under
stand it and politicians do not. California
is going to have a great arch on Pennsyl
vania avenue on March 4 illustrating her
magnificent fruit products and other re
sources notwithstanding the refusal of a
legislative committee to recommend a
trilling appropriation for the expense.
"All over the land it has been published
that we are going to mak? a display of
our products in Washington upon tho in
auguration of President McKinley, and I
cannot see now how we can well back out.
The cost would be a mere bagatelle. I can
raise the funds required very easily among
the business men of San Francisco, Los
Angeles, Sacramento, San Jose and Stock
ton. They will realize, without any argu
ment, that there never was presented so
favorable an opportunity to show to the
wealthy people of the East that California
is in the lead as a State fo: climate, soil
and all the comforts of civilization."
Kenyon from the Committee on Con
tested Elections asked the privilege of the
Assembly to conduct the Power contest
in San Francisco. He figured that forty
witnesses coming from that City to Sacra
mento won i cost $9SO, whereas it would
only cost $220 for me committee to visit
San Francisco.
Chynoweth of Anaheim, who seems to
have a grievance against Kenyou for
something which occurred the other -day
when the latter was presiding, strenuously
•■bjeVted to any committee junket to San
Francisco.
The San Francisco delegation held a
short session after recess to-day and con
sidered A. 1?. No. '1, authorizing a Japan
ese interpreter lor the Police Court. The
delegation cut the allowance from $150 to
$75 a month and agreed to report favorably
on the measure.
IN THE SENATE.
Little Business Transacted Beyond
the Introduction of Some
More Bills.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 15.— Beyond
the introduction of a few bills, little busi
ness was transacted by the Senate to-day.
Senators Dickinson, Stratton and Sea
well were appointed by Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter as the Code Commission Com
mittee.
Bills were introduced as follows:
By Mahoney — Providing for the protec
tion of stockholders in mining corpora
tions and for a general primary election
law.
By Denison — Compelling canning com
panies to label their output so as to show
the dale and place of manufacture.
By Braunhart — Exempting typewriters
and bicycles from assessment.
By Smith— Establishing a State normal
scnool in San Luis Obispo; also amending
the constitution so that a majority in
stead of two-thirds of the' Legislature will
be able to carry .in amendment to the
constitution in the Assembly.
By Androus — Making it the duty of the
Railroad Commission to designate the lo
cation and construction of depots, switches
and sidetracks necessary for the benefit of
shippers and compelling all railway com
panies to construct such depots, etc.. as i
ordered, under penalty of a fine of $100 :
per day during such neglect.
Adjourned until Monday. ■■*-*;
IN THE ASSEMBLY.
Substitute for the Funding- Bill Hol
iday Resolution Reported by the
Federal Relations Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15.— 1n the
Assembly this morning the Federal Rela
tions Committee reported a substitute for
the ling bill holiday resolution, de
claring it was not judicious for the Legis
lature to take action making a holiday,
_ut that the Governor of the Stale lias the
power, if he deems it proper to exercise
it, to declare a holiday in honor of either
the defeat of the funding bill or the pas
sage of a protective tariff bill.
After considerable debate the resolution
was adopted.
The Committee on Election Contests was
granted leave to visit San Francisco and
take testimony in the case of Hoey vs.
Power.
The Hospital Committee asked leave to
withdraw its previous report, which was
granted.
The Committee on Attaches was ordered
to report on the resolution to investigate
the organization scandal on Monday next.
The bill fixing the minimum rate on
public works at $2 per day was read a sec
ond time.
Elliott's bill to grant greater liberty to
jurors before the completion of a panel
was killed.
On motion of Emmons, the State Con
troller was directed to withhold all war
ranis drawn for furniture until they can
be investigated.
The House then adjourned until Mon
day out of respect to the memory of Rev.
Mr. comers, a former chaplain.
SOME IMPORTANT BILLS.
One Is Intended to Provide a New
County Hospital for San
Francisco.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 15.— After
a half day's session the Senate adjourned
over until -Monday, and the majority of
them took the first train leading out of
the city. In truth, there was not much
for them to do. the State Printer having
completed only twenty-three out of some
thing like 350 bills, so that there was little
or nothing to do except to adjourn over
and give tho printer's office a chance to
catch up with the big rush of business.
Senator Dwyer's bill (S. B. 60), which
has been referred to the San Francisco
delegation, will prove to be of great in
terest to San Franciscans. It authorizes
the Supervisors of San Francisco to levy
a tax for the collection of $300,000 to be
expended for a municipal hospital to take
the place of the old County Hospital.
Senator Dwyer says that the old hospital
is unlit for habitation, and would long
ago have been condemned by the Board of
Health for that reason, had the board the
power to do so, but it has no authority to
condemn a public building. One of the
internes is said to be sick with typhus
fever contracted by reason of the defective
drainage and sewerage. The Supervisors
are authorized in the bill to select the site.
Another bill by the Senator provides for
the creation of a State inspector for the
Hospital for Infectious Diseases. It is
proposed by the bill that the lepers now
in the Pesthouse in San Francisco shall be
supported by the State, as these lepers
come from all parts of tho" State and from
foreign ports. An appropriation of $100,
--000 is asked for to construct and maintain
the institution, which must be built out
side of the City and County of Sau Fran
cisco.
Senator Luchsinger to-day offered a
joint resolution providing for the deep
ening of the straits leading from San
Pablo Bay to the Mare Island Navy-yard.
The till has been referred to the Commit
tee on Commerce and Navigation and will
no doubt, be reported upon favorably.
Senator Braunhart introduced a bill ex
empting "typewriters" and bicycles from
attachment and execution. The bill will
be probiibly amended by substituting the
words "type-writing machines" for "type
writers." There does not seem to be any
valid reason why typewriters should be
exempt from attachment. This would
work an undeserved hardship upon thou
sands of poor but pretty girls in this
Slate * ,- T ■
Senator Smith of Kern and San Luis
Obispo counties introduced a bill to-day
providing for the appointment by the
Governor of five trustees to serve as a
board of trustees of c. State Normal School
to be established by the bill in the town
of San Luis Obispo, where a site will be
offered free of charge to the State. The
trustees have the option of erecting a new
building or purchasing an old one. Tnere
is some talk among Senator Smith's con
stituents ol purchasing for the purposes of
a Normal School the Hotel Ramona in
San Luis Obispo. The appropriation in
the bill is for $100,000, for constructing,
furnishing and maintaining the school lor
the next two fiscal years.
The Senator is now besieged with let
ters saying that his constituents in San
Luis Obispo County have heard a rumor
that the Senator was about to ask for an
additional Judge in that county and pro
testing against such a measure. The Sen
ator says that there is no truth whatever
in the rumor.
Senator Stratton introduce I a bill this
morning to appropriate $15,000 for a
monument or a statue .to the memory of
Colonel E. D. Baker in Golden Gate Park.
Senator Luchsinger will introduce a bill
next weeK changing the date of State
Labor day to that of the National Labor
day, they being at present a month apart.
One day he thinks is sufficient for work
ing people in California to be docked in
wages for a labor holiday. The Sen
ator introduced a bill to-day reduc
ing the salaries of county officers all
around. "They are now elected for a
four years' term," said the Senator, "and
they are receiving as high salaries as they
did thirty and thirty-five years ago. It is
the sentiment of the people in all the
counties that the salaries are too high."
The bill bus been referred to the County
Governments Committee. He will also
introduce a bill to fee the Tax Collectors
for collecting licenses. At present the
Tax Collectors receive no lee for this ser
vice, and therefore cannot send cut men
to make the collections.
In accordance with a resolution made a
law by the signature of the Governor yes
terday, the bills and resolutions of both
houses are now printed on leaves of the
same size and style as the journals. This
makes the bills much easier to handle and
bind them than tbe sprawling sheets used
at previous sessions.
Jake Steppacher, secretary of the Re
publican State Central Committee, is
studying over the various primary elec
tion bills, so as to blend them harmoni
ously and consistently into one which
shall bo acceptable to the City members
and country members alike. The expense
of holding these elections is a stumbling
block. It is his desire to frame a law
which shall prevent cooked primaries by
allowing all parties in interest to put up a
ticket of their own.
Senator Arms' bill amending the act
creating a Commissioner of Public Works
provides that the Commissioner of Public
Works shall serve for the term of four
years at a salary ol $4000 per annum, pay
able in monthly instalments.!
Another bill by Senator Aram provides
that at the general election in 1902 and
every six years thereafter there shall be
elected a Superior Judge in Yuba County
and one in Sutter County, each to receive
a salary of $4000 a year, half to be paid by
the county and hair by the State. Another
bill amends section 1880 of the Code of
Civil Procedure by the following: "And no
party to an action or proceeding shall be
allowed to testify where the adverse party,
or the party for whose immediate benefit
the action or proceeding is prosecuted or
defended, is the representative of a
deceased person, when the facts to be
proved transpired be ore the death of such
deceased person."
Senator Heard's bill, which has now
been printed, authorizes Boards of Super
visors to "contract for supplying the city
with water for municipal purposes; j to
purchase, lease or construct water works
and electric plant, and all machinery,
conductors and appliances necessary
therefor, and to supply said city with and
to sell to the inhabitants thereof water,
hplir, heat and power."
When the bill becomes a law the city of
Alameda will be the first to take advant
age of it.
Another bill by Senator Beard provides
that a majority of the {"roperty-owners on
the frontage of any road district lying out
side of the limits of an incorporated city
or town, and whose population shall ex- j
ceed 500, may petition the Board of Su- j
pervisors of the county within which said j
road district is situated to have sidewalks
laid or improved. For the purposes of
this act the population shall be ascertained
by taking the great register and allowing
five persons for each elector registered
thereon in such road district.
The meat of the insurance bills intro
duced by Senator Bert is as follows:
No corporation, association, partnership or
individual of any Government foreign to the
United States shall transact insurance business
in this Slate, or be admitted to transact such
business herein, unless it shall have made a
deposit of not less than $200,000 with the
Treasurer of this State or with the proper
officer of some other State of the United States.
Associations of individuals formed upon the
plan known as Lloyds, whereby each associ
ate underwriter becomes liable for a propor
tionate part of the whole amount insured by
a policy,"may be authorized to transact Insur
ance business, other than life, in this State,
in like manner and upon the same terms and
conditions as ara required of and imposed
upon insurance companies of other States of
the United States.
Senator Bert's amendment of the police
pension bill reads as follows:
Whenever any person at the taking effect of
this act, or thereafter, shall have been duly
appointed or selected, and sworn, and have
served for the period of twenty years, or more,
in the aggregate, as a member, in any capacity
or any rank whatever, of the regularly consti
tuted police department of any such county,
city and county, city or town, which may
hereafter be subject to the provisions of this
net, said board shall be empowered to or
der and direct that such person shall
he retired from further service in such police
department, and from the date of the making
of such order the service of such person in
such police department shall cease, and such
person so retired shall thereafter, during His
liietime, be paid from such fund a yearly pen
sion equal to oue-half of the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may have held
in said police department for the period of one
year uext preceding the date of such retire
ment.
Sec. 2. Section four (4) of said act is hereby
amended so as to read as follows :
Sec. 4. Whenever any person, while serving
as a policeman in any such county, city and
county, city or town, shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily injury re
ceived in the immediate or direct perform
ance or discharge ol his duty as such police
man, said board may, upon his written
request, or without such request, if It deem
it to be for the good cf said police force, retire
such person from said department, ana order
and direct that he shall be paid from said
fund, during his lifetime, a yearly pension
equal to half of the amount of salary attached
to the rank which he may have held on such
police force at the date of such retirement, but
on the death oi such pensioner his heirs or
assigns shall have no claim against or upon
such police relief or pension fund.
COMMITTEE JUNKETS.
Members of the Assembly De
termined to Keep Down the Ex- «
pense of the Trips.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15. — The
Assembly Committee on t Commissions,
Retrenchments and Public Expenditure
met this evening to consider junketing
schemes referred to the committee for in
vestigation. The chairman, Mellick, and
his associates have determined to make a
vigorous fight on the floor of the House
against this feature of public extrava
gance. The temper of the committee was
adverse to all trips, but doubt was ex
pressed whether the Assembly was ready
to vote against the whole plan of legis
lative visits to public institutions. If no
other measure of reform can be secured
the committee must sustain a proposition
to limit the number of junketers to three
on each committee, and these three to be
allowed only actual railroad faro and $3 a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, IsyT.
day for expenses. Nine committees an
ticipate a junket. •
There is sure to be a vigorous appeal
from land-owners ol the Sacramento
Valley for the proposed appropriation of
$300,000 to deepen" the channel of this
stream. There "is a strong influence be
hind the measure and some active work
was done to-day in rallying members to
the support of the bills which were intro
duced yesterday.
In committee Leon Dennery of San Fran
cisco expressed his sentiments with some
animation. He did not pretend to dispute
tbe vitality of the measure, but he was not
in favor of placing the power to appoint
the advising officers in the hands of Gov
ernor Budd.
J. K. Price, chief engineer of the Board
of Public Works, has unbounded faith in
the plan now proposed to secure deep
water navigation -between San Francisco
and Sacramento. In an interview to
night he said there was no reason why
the $200,000 necessary to build one of the
great modern dredgers should not be ex
pended in California. He is confident
that the work can be done at the Union
Iron Works. A dredger with ample power
to displace from the river bed and transfer
to the shore of the stream 8000 cubic yards
of soft mud an hour could be constructed
for the sum named. The greatest obstruc
tion to navigation is the shoal at Rio
Vista, where the depth of water does
not exceed four feet. The shoal is a mile
wide, but could be dredged for a sufficient
depth to float large vessels at a cost not
exceeding $20,000.
Next Monday Senator Voorheis will in
troduce in the Senate two bills and a con
stitutional amendment to exempt the en
dowment ot Stanford University from
taxes. Similar measures will be intro
duced in the Assembly by Malcolm of
Santa Clara. Mrs. Stanford is compelled
to pay taxes amounting to $30,000 on the
property devised to the university. It is
cited as a singular fact that Caliiomia is
more unfriendly to the founders of col
leges and institutions of learning than
any other State of the Union. Rocke
feller's endowment of the Chicago Uni
versity is exempt from taxes. Cornell's
endowment was not taxed, yet the State
of Caliiomia makes the Stanford Univer
sity pay taxes on the entire gift of the late
Senator.
Mrs. Stanford is so hard pressed for
ready money to meet the expenses of the
university that she is compelled to use
the means which she bad set aside to sus
tain kindergarten schools in San Fran
cisco. California, it is argued, has sent
3000 students to Palo Alto, yet Mrs. Stan
ford is taxed by the State for maintaining
this institution of learning to instruct
them. <>
The constitutional amendment will be
so drawn as to exempt from taxation* only
institutions of this character. The ex
emption will not apply to colleges,
schools and academies established for pri
vate gain or institutions conducted by
sectarian societies.
The Capital Deserted.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15. — The
usual places of legislative congregation
are deserted to-night, nearly all the mem
bers having left for San Francisco and for
the near-by counties to spend Saturday
and Sunday. There are not more than
half a dozen at the prize-fight and about
the same number at the theater. By Mon
day the State Printer will have a large
number of bills ready and the commit
tees will be able to get to work. All indi
cations are that next week will be a busy
one.
Slate Printer Wants Money.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15.—
State Printer is out of money, and the
Assembly Ways and Means Commit
tee this afternoon recommended an
immediate appropriation of $75,000 for
his office.
FLOATED ON A WIND CAPITAL.
Judge Grosscup's Sharp Rebuke to Coun
sel tor Stockholders in a Swindling
Corporation.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 14.— An applica
tion for a receiver for the Harrison Inter
national Telephone Company by the Fort
Smith (Ark.) stockholders, who sold the
stock of their company in exchange for
Harrison stock, wds heard by Judge
Grosscup in the Federal court to-day.
The occasion was taken advantage of by
the court to sharply rebuke the petition
ers and say some plain things about the
Harrison Company. After reading the
bill Judge Grosscup said he could not con
sider it in its crude, vague form, as "a
court cannot take cognizance of town
meeting allegations," adding:
"This corporation seems to have been
floating on a wind capital of $80,000,000.
It is not as solid as water. Why don't
you ask to get back your stock? You ap
pear here for two men only, not as philan
thropists for the whole public."
"We prefer to appear as stockholders."
replied Judge Erb, the counsel. "This
thing is a gigantic fraud. They elected a
company of men for directors who were
not fit timber for Presidential cabinets —
men of national reputation — Chasles Fos
ter, ex-Secretary of the Treasury; United
Stales Senator Elkins; Patrick Egan, ex-
United S.ates Minister to Chile; R. C.
Kerens ol St. Louis and Major William
Warner of Kansas City.
"These men announced a grand scheme
of conquest. The whole world was to be
seized as a field of operations. The affair
was concocted in sin and fraud."
"In other words," said the Judge, "you
elect to come into court to disclose this
tremendous swindle as stockholders."
Permission was given to amend the bill.
RUX DOW* _?_• DOGS.
Prospects Good for a Double Lynching
at Adams Park. Ga.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 15.— A special from
Adams Park, Ga. says: Charles Forsyth
and Willis White, the negroes who are
believed to be the men who shot and
fatally wounded Mrs. Rowland, wife of
the Postmaster, while robbing the post
office at this place last night, were run
down by dogs and captured near here
early this morning. Mrs. Rowland died
to-day from the effects of her wound. The
people have begun to gather for the pur
pose of lynching them. The report
reached Macon to-night that a mob had
taken them from jail and hanged them,
but the rumor has not been verified.
The Texas Going for Her Silver Service.
GALVESTON, Tex., Jan. 15.— Secretary
Herbert has notified the committee wnich
has charge of the presentation of a $50,000
silver service to the battle-ship Texas on
behalf of the people of the State that he
haJ given orders for the ship to be at Gal
veston February 16 for the purpose of re
ceiving the gift, which was given, by
popular subscription. The. last Govern
ment report shows that there is 25 feet of
water here and the Texas draws 22*/_ feet.
Xenme Is Granted a Divorce.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 15.— The action
brought by Douglas J. Neame for divorce
from his wife, Leila Oly Neame, naming
Fran- Ellison of New York as co-respond
ent, was ended to-day, the court granting
Neame a decree nisi. Ellison, tho co-re
spondent, was only a few weeks ago par
doned from the . New York State prison,
where he nad been serving a term tor as
saulting Mrs. Neame's father. '
Warships Ordered Home.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 15.— A dispatch to
a news agency ! from Shanghai says the
United States gunboat Yorktown and the
cruiser Detroit have been ordered to Nag
asaki to join the United States squadron
there. Thence, thedispalch snys, the ves
sels will proceed lor New York.
Panama Canal Laborers.
COLON; Colombia, Jan. 15.— The Pan
ama Canal Company is further increasing
the force of laborers now at worn on the
canal. Five hundred more men are ex
pected to arrive shortly from Cartha
genia.
ARMY OFFICERS
IN A SCRAMBLE
Retirements and Promo
tions That Will Soon
Occur.
Thankless Patronage Falls to
the Lot of President-Elect
McKinley.
Eligibles Will Not Hesitate to Press
Their Claims Upon the N.-w
Administration
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 15.— A Washing
ton special says: There is going to be a
general shaking up of the army during
1897, and President-elect McKinley will
have the selection of a major-general and
brigadier-general within two months after
he is inaugurated— March 4, 1897.
Among the general officers the first
vacancy created, on account of reaching
the legal requirement of 04 years, will be
that of Major-General Thomas H. Rnger,
who will be 64 in April, 1897.
A little later— May 8— Brigadier-General
Frank Wheaton will reach the retiring age.
There will be a vacancy in the adjutant
general's department after January 25,
when Colonel Oliver D. Green will be re
tired, and September 11 Brigadier-General
Ruggies, adjutant-general of the army,
will be 64 years of age.
In the quartermaster's department there
will be a retirement June 11, when Lieu
tenant-Colonel Louis C. Forsythe will
reach the prescribed age. Within a few
days — January 18 — Brigadier-General
Michael R. Morgan will retire from the
head of the subsistence department of the
army, and his successor, Colonel Thomas
C. Sullivan, will be 64 years of age Novem
ber 4, 1897.
Colonel Charles T. Alexander will be
ineligible for service in the medical de
partment alter May 3, and Lieutenant-
Colonel M. E. Waters will reach the retir
ing age November 15. There may be a
vacancy in the corps of engineers before
the close of President Cleveland's admin
istration, although the chief of engineers,'
Brigadier-General William H. Craighiil,
is not eligible for retirement until July 1
of this year. There was a verbal agree
ment made, however, when he was pro
moted that he would be content with the
office of chief of engineers until the dawn
of 1897. Should he retire there will be an
opportunity afforded Colonel Jobn M.
Wilson, at present superintendent of pub
lic buildings and grounds, to become his
successor, and President Cleveland would
like to make his promotion belore leaving
Washington.
There will be but one change in the cav
alry owing to the age requirement during
1897, and Major James Jackson will be
eligible for retirement November 21.
There will bea chance for several promo
tions in the infantry during this year,
commencing with Colonel James S. Casey,
who will retire January 26. , Captain
Henry Romoyn will follow suit June 1,
and Colonel William J. Lyster June 27.
July 26 will find Captain Francis E. Pierce
eligible for retirement, and the other in
fantry officers who will be eligible com
prise three majors — 0 is W. Pollock,
August 7; Francis F. Lacey, August 8;
Clarence E. Bennett, December 22. Two
post chaplainships will become vacant
this year— Captain George W. Dunbar,
March 9, and Joseph H.\G. Irish,
August 7.
From the foregoing list it will be seen
that President-elect McKinley will have
considerable business on hand so far as
the army is concerned, for every one eligi
ble for promotion will not hesitato about
preferring claims upon the new adminis
tration.
PRIVA TE PENSION BILLS.
Most of the Time of ihe House Taken
Up in Their Consideration
Yesterday.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. Allen
(R.) of Utah started business in the House
to-day by presenting a resolution calling
on the Secretary of the Interior for infor
mation as to why patents had not been
issued for land secured by bona-fide pur
chasers from the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, the lands having been given
the company under Government grants.
The resolution was agreed to.
The Committee on -Contested Seats de
cided for Price, the sitting member of the
Third Louisiana District.
Johnson (R.) of Indiana secured the
adoption of a resolution providing for ex
pediting the contested election case of
Benoit vs. Boatner from the Fifth District
of Louisiana, so that it might be disposed
of at the present session.
Quite a little opposition developed over
a resolution from the Committee on Ac
counts for the employment of fifteen fold
ers for two months to refold documents
that had been injured in the failing of a
building during the hurricane here Sep
tember 29 last, and finally the ayes and
noes were ordered on the amendment to
distribute the places among the States
that had no appointments on the roll at
present. The amendment was rejected
and the resolution rejected without an
other rollcall.
The regular order was then demanded.
This was the consideration of private pen
sion bills. An interesting tight developed
over a Senate bill granting a pension of
$100 ncr month to Mrs. Annie Gibbon,
widow of General John Gibbon.
Tracy (R.) of Missouri offered an amend
ment reducing the amount to $50 per
month. This was warmly opposed by
Curtis (R.) of New York, who made eulo
gistic references to the services of General
Gibbon.
Grosvenor (R. ) of Ohio was also against
the bill. He said in answer to Willis (R.)
of Delaware, who protested against dis
crimination for the widows of distin
guished officers, that 99 out of every 100
privates of the late war would vote to give
Mrs. Gibbon the full amount.
Wood (R.) of Illinois opposed the grant
ing of special rates of pension through
the medium of private bills, on the ground
that it was contrary to general law.
The previous question on the passage of
the House bill granting pensions to Gray's
Battalion of Arkansas Volunteers, vet
erans of the war with Mexico, was
ordered, on .motion of Thomas (R.) of
Michigan, but the bill went over until it
could be engrossed, under a demand for
the reading of the engrossed copy.
A House bill to increase the pension of
Clara L. Nichols, the present Postmistress
of Fort Leavenworth and widow of Brevet-
Major-General W. A. Nichols, developed
some slight opposition.
In committee of the whole the House
had reduced the amount ot the increase to
$50, but on motion of Dalzell (R.) of Penn
sylvania the House, after listening to a
eulogy of General Nichols by that gentle
man, made the amount $75 and then
passed the measure. .
A House bill granting a pension to
Sarah E. Comly, widow of Major Clifton
Comly, was also passed. A number of
other private, pension bills were passed
and the House then, at 4:56 o'clock, took
a recess until Bp. m. . ,
At the night session of the House a
round dozen of pension hills were passed.
The widows -ot General Green Clay
Smith and George A. Morrow were bene
ficiaries in two of the bills passed, the
former receiving $50 per month and the
latter $75 per month.
The House at 10:30 p. m. adjourned.
FOR A PACIFIC CABLE.
General Swayne Argues In Fator of Its
Building Being Thrown Open to
Competition.
WASHINGTON,- D. C, Jan. 15.—Gen
eral Wagner Swayne of New York, repre
senting the Pacific Cable Company of New
Jersey, appeared before the House Com
merce Committee to-day in support of a
proposition to tnrow open io competition
the building of a cable from the United
States to Japan via Honolulu. All the
cable bills before Congress, he said, rele
gated the details to the Postoffice Depart
ment, thus recognizing the cable as a part
of the postal service. The postal service,
he held, was not required to be remunera
tive, therefore the stipulation to pay the
money of the United States in the form of
a subsidy to the cable company for a term
of twenty years was not strictly a subsidy,
inasmuch as the Government's business
is to be carried during t at period free of
charge. There was no inconsistency in
that, he thought, as the mails were car
ried in some parts of the country by
private parties who were paid for the ser-
In answer to queries from the commit
tee General Swayne explained that the
other company which desired the contract
would undertake to build the cable this
year. His company could not do that.
Neither could his company lay the cable
to Japan and China within seventeen
months from this date. They would not
attempt to do it until the bed of the ocean
had been properly surveyed.
The English ' Government, he asserted,
would not ley their cable if the United
States enters the field. In this connection
he referred to the existing conditions in
the Hawaiian Islands by showing that the
Hawaiian people feel that they may not
long remain an independent country.
He asserted that sooner or later they would
cast their lot with some nation, and that
nation would probably be the one which
would put them in communication with
the remainder of the world and thus help
them to build un their commerce. In an
swer to a query if the men composing
his company were responsible, General
Swayne mentioned the names of some of
the leading incorporators, among whom
were Colonel Spaulding, who had resided
many years in Honolulu and held a con
tract from that Government to lay a cable
to San Francisco. Other members ofthe
company were: D. O. Mills of New York;
General G. M. Dodge, who built the Union
Pacific Railway; James J. Hill, the Presi
dent of the Manitoba Railway ; Abram S.
Hewitt of New York, and others. (
WILL BEGIN IN JUNE.
At Last There Is a Promise That Work
Will Be Commenced on the New
Postcffics. Building.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— "When
do you think construction of the San
Francisco postoffice building will be com
menced?" The Call correspondent asked
the supervising architect to-day.
"You may say to the San Francisco
people that we expect to begin work not
later than June 1," said tnat official.
•'Work, has been retarded on account of
the report of War Department engineers
which we are now awaiting. It will be
remembered that agents of this depart
ment caused borings to be mado on the
lot at Seventh and Mission streets and the
board reported that the ground would
support such a structure.
||"Butyou must understand that there
are yet some engineering problems to be
solved. We turn d over to the War
Department the data furnished us by the
experts who made the borings, and the
War Department engineers have been
engaged in maKing calculations of the
weight that can be supported by such a
foundation. The engineers who were
assigned the work of making these com
putations have a vast amount of work of
this kind on hand, and we will have to
bide our time. Just as soon as the figures
are received from the engineers, we will
advertise for bids for the excavation and
the work of laying the foundation of the
building."
"Will any change be made in the plans
of the building?''
"We are aware that many criticisms
were made of the new design, after the
Spanish renaissance, as printed in the
San Francisco Call, and we have decided
to modify the plans by diminishing the
height of the towers. With this exception,
there will be no change in the design."
It is understood that the plan of the
building, with its high towers, as printed
in The Call, were suggested by Supervis
ing Architect Aiken, and that one of the
draughtsmen of his office prepared the
drawings in accordance with Mr. Aiken's
ideas. The supervising architect then
took a vacation for several weeks, and dur
ing his absence the plans were approved
by Chief Executive Officer Kemper, who
was the acting architect and who did not
wish to modify the design of his superior
officer. However, when Mr. Aiken "re
turned and saw the drawing of the build
ing, with its monstrous towers and saw
the severe criticisms published in San
Francisco he resolved to make a change in
the plans as indicated.
XAVAL ARMOR FLAXES.
Se cretary Herbert in Harmony With the
Arte *terl Board.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—Sec
retary Herbert has approved the revised
steel specifications devised by the newly
organized steel board, of which Com
mander Coffin, Constructor Dashiell and
Engineer Freeman are members, and in
making them public this afternoon he
says the chief of construction and steam
engineering, the present steel board and
the McCormick board are unanimously
agreed on the changes, which also give
complete satisfaction to the contractors.
The Secretary is confident that under
them steel of a more satisfactory quality
will be secured for the navy in the future.
The report of the board gives - an elab
orate technical description of the new
tests, which are not more severe, but more
practical than those hitherto in use, and
purposes that if any plate for the battle
ships Kentucky, Kearsarge ana Illinois
fails in working the cold bending test is to
be applied entirely and the plates accepted
and used, or rejected, in accordance with
their behaviour, the material that has
already been satisfactorily worked into
each vessel to be accepted, t * *t.;Pt.
Marat Cadets to Attend.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—Secre
tary Herbert has ordered the naval cadets
from Annapolis to attend the inaugura
tion and march in the parade. : The boys
will not stay away from the nival acad
emy over night/;
Age for Retirement. "
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. —Gillett
(R.)of Massachusetts^introduced in the
House to-day a bill fixing the ago for re
tirement from the classified service of the
United States at 65 years. All offices are
to become vacant when the persons hold
ing them become 65 years of age, and no
person more than 65 years of age is to be
eligible to appointment. The act, how
ever, is not to apply to Union veterans of
the late war or to their widows.
The Treasstry Deficit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— The
Treasury deficit for the first half of Janu
ary is $6 860.963, and for the fiscal year to
date 763,360.
SOME VERY RAW FAKING.
Out of a Four Line Cablegram the Chicago
Associated Press Sends Columns
of an Alleged Confession.
NEW* YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— A rare
specimen of reckless faking was furnished
by the Chicago Associated Press on Mon
day in an alleged cable dispatch from
Yokohama, a column in length, four lines
of which were devoted to announcing the
arrest and subsequent confession of Miss
Mary Jacob, formerly Governess in the
family of the late Walter Raymond
Hallowell Carew, for whose murder his
widow is now on trial in Yokohama.
With the exception of this announce
ment the entire "dispatch" will doubt
less be recognized by newspaper readers
and certainly by newspaper workers as a
rehash of the mail matter from Yokohama
concerning the case which has been pub
lished in the American newspapers from
time to time since the death of Carew in
October. Even so it might have escaped
further notice except as an example of
impudence in palming off warmed up
mail communications for genuine cable
news if the faker had been content to
let it go at thai. His delight at seeing
his creation in print, however, made him
bolder and next day he sent out a para
graph, dated Yokohama, of course, mak
ing the positive statement that the trial of
Mrs. Carew had been "brought to a
dramatic close by the appearance and
confession in court of Miss Jacob that
she was the real murderess."
Even this too, might have passed
muster, but unfortunately for the ro
mancer of the Chicago Associated Press,
he took a day off on Thursday when it
appears the office actually did receive a
cable dispatch from Yokohama which
failed to bear out a single particular the
statements contained in the two "cable
dispatches" previously sent out. The
"sub. who was presiding over the
imignation bureau in the faker's absence
was not equal to the emergency and sent
the dispatch out, but he did not make a
column of it. It did not require a column
to inform the clients of the Chicago As
sociated Press that they had been im
posed upon by the faker; that there was
not a word of truth in the statements con
tained in the alleged cable dispatches
from Yokohama. Eight lines were suffi
cient to let the cat out of the bag into
which tho laker had put him. Few
words were necessary to tell that Miss
Jacob had not confessed, "although an
announcement to that effect had been
made public" by the faker and also to
state as a matter of fact that the trial
had not been "brought to a dramatic close,
hut was still in progress."
PACIFIC SHORT LINE.
Road to Be Built From Sioux Ciiy to San
Francisco — Millions Behind
the Project.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 15.— Donald Mc-
Lean, builder of railroads, was in the city
to-day en route to Salt Lake. He is the
promoter of the Pacific Short Line, the
road that is to run from Sioux City to San
Francisco. !i. "' :.
"That road is going to be built," said
Mr. McLean." ■ It is now built from Sioux
City to O'Neill, Nebr., and trains are run
ning every day; and, what is more, the
road pays. We will begin building the
extension early in the summer, letting the
bids for its-construction in May.
"The road will be 305 miles shorter than
any other transcontinental line, and it
will traverse a country where the grass
grows, and not a desert. We cross the
Union Pacific on a trestle just east of Og
den, and after we leave Ogden we go off to
the north, and we come into San Fran
cisco around the tanneries, thus, you see,
avoiding the ferry-boat service.
"1 have European backing for $32,000.
--000, but it will not take this much to build
the road. lam confident that it will pay
from the start. As regards terminals and
division points, of course I know where
they will be, but do not care to make them
public now, for obvious reasons.
"We cios* the Pacific slope of the Rock
ies at Beck with Pass and the Atlantic
slope at Sweetwater, and traverse toe
famous Weber Canyon, We will have a
line into Salt Lake and already we have
twenty-five miles constructed.
"I am interested with the George Q*.
Cannon road from Salt Lake to San Diego,
and it is on business connected with this
that I go to Salt Lake."
XOFEL CASE OF DEFAULT.
Why ' a South Dakota Treasurer Was
f<hort in His Accovnta.
YANKTON, S. D., Jan. 15.— The Com
missioners of Yankton County claim that
the retiring Treasurer, D. E. Lloyd, is
$17,000 short in his accounts and will at
once bring action against his bondsmen
to secure that amount. The case is a
novel one in many respects. The deficit
comes from the fact that Lloyd neglected
to collect personal property taxes which
the law of 1893 provides shall be collected.
Lloyd says that the collection of these
taxes would necessarily entail a good deal
of expense, and that as the law made no
provision for recompensing him for this
extra expense he had allowed it to go by
default. The ooard is advised oy the
County Attorney that the Treasurer's
bondsmen are responsible for his per
formance of this duty, and they will not
accept his final report nor release him or
his bondsmen until some satisfactory ad
justment of this matter is made. *The
case will probably be taken into the courts.
A SLIPPER! A WISDL ER.
■
Dr. Rhoades' Efforts to Escape From the
Law's Ciutches.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 15.— Dr. Frank C.
Rhoades, alias Count de Juster, who is
wanted in several cities on various feloni
ous charges and is locked, un here, after
being released once, obtained a writ of
habeas corpus to-day and he will make
another attempt to get out of the clutches
of the law. He is wanted first at Denver
for embezzlement and forgery, and Gover
nor Tanner has honored the requisition of
the Colorado Governor, which will operate
against his escaue. , Cornelia S. Newbury,
a Denver widow, accused him of getting
$1800 from her to iorm a bnsiness partner
ship, but he left Denver as soon as he got
the money and came to Chicago, where he
married another woman. He is also
wanted in Brooklyn, N. V., for bigamy
and forgery.
I-eeeiver of a Railroad.
ALTON, 111., Jan. 15.— J. F. Barnard of
Council Bluffs, lowa, was to-day ap
pointed receiver of the St. Clair, Madi
son and St. Louis Belt Railroad under a
decree irom the United States Circuit
Court at St. Louis. The company has
offices" in this city, E. F. Leonard beine
president and E. J. May local superin
tendent. It owns the steel bridge across
the Mississippi here and valuable ter
minals and holds the only key aside from
the Eads and Merchants bridge tributary
to trans-Mississippi traffic to complete the
original scheme of the belt line, which
will then, it is thought, pass into the
hands of the Burlington system. \
FISHERMEN IN PERIL.
Carried Out on Lake Michigan by Drifting
Ice— Many Rescued, but Five Are
' Probably Lest. *
MARINETTE, Wis., Jan. 15. — About
fifty fishermen were upon the ice at Green
Bay to set their nets this morning, when
a heavy wind sprung up and the ice began
to move out. Boats were sent to their
rescue and all but five ol the imperiled
were ■brought ashore in safety. , The
names of the probable victims are: Ed
Hoffman, Nels Matson, Charles Neelan,
Manuel Holgren and Johnson. Three of
them have families.
The men were unaware of their peril
while the ice on which they stood drifted
rapidly eastward. They were several
miles from the break before the rescuing
parties in two boats started after them.
One boat returned with no news. No aid
can reach the drifting prisoners to-night.
All of them live at Menekaune, where the
piers are lined with people waiting for
news. The ice was believed to be safe,
because a team passed over it to Sturgeon
Bay three days ago. Hundreds of people
will be deprived of their only means of
support by the loss of the nets which
were placed on the broken ice. There is
one hope of safety for the occupants of the
ice floe in the fact that they had skates on
and may reach tbe opposite shore. The
fishermen say the only chance of their co
laborers is in reaching Green Island.
War on the Arbuckles.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Jan. 15.— 0. Have
meyer, the sugar king, accompanied by
Herman Sielcken, arrived in this city to
day, and according to statements made by
them the sugar trust intends to change its
tactics in the fight being waged against
Arbuckie Bros. Sielcken announced that
the plant of the Woolson Spice Company
would be quadrupled, that an immense
sum of money would be expended on it,
and that the trust would become Ar
buckle's greatest rival in the coffee busi
ness since purchasing the Woolson mills.
Astronomer Siolft's Medals.
ROCHESTER, N. _"., Jan. 15.— Professor
Lewis Swift, formerly of Warner's On
servatory and Lick Observatory, received
word from London this morning that the
Loyal Astronomical Society of England
has awarded to him the Jackson gold
medal in recognition of hi. services to the
cause of science in the discovery of
comets, nebula; and other wanderers in
space. Professor Swift now has four gold
medals, and one silver, given him by the
French Government with which came 500
francs in cash,' and four bronze medals.
Investigating the Lead villi Strike.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Jan. 15.— Govet>
nor Adams arrived here to-day with
Major-General Brooks of the National
Guard to make a general investigation of
the strike situation, ia the hope that some
way may be found to arbitrate the differ
ences between the miners and the mine
owners. Adjutant-General Moses has or
dered 500 uniforms for citizens of Lead
ville who have enlisted In the State
militia since the camp was guarded by the
troops, and this action is taken to mean
that the non-resident militiamen are to be
withdrawn.
Another Xebraska Bank Suspends.
FULLERTON, Nebr., Jan. 15.— The Citi
zens' State Bank of this city closed its
doors this afternoon. S. H. Penny, presi
dent, l and F. M.Lagrange, cashier, say
that depositors will be paid in full. No
statement of assets or liabilities will be
given out until the Bank Examiner has
completed his work of checking up.
Nerves
Will be strong when fed and nourished by
pure, rich blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
best Nerve Tonic and strength builder because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the Pest— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills gg £ „&_**„£ '•''-■
■<**"£££- Co
»^» _r»*J^T Ca
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A nhyslciau whose reputation is estab-
lished by ten years of successful practice
at 737 Market st. , San Francisco, Cal.
LOST *^ n( * a^ ie atteu( *- j
MANHOOD nervous debi: '
MANKUUU NERVOUS DEBi:
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND All , 1 ? lo ° d
SKIN DISEASES, l_ y oIZ
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi-
tive, certain and permanent cure.
LADIES Will receive special
find careful treatment for all
their many ailments. .
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, -'Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, on application.
Call or address ■ . ~~
3F_ Xj. s-w-i__a-_sr-!e-, _vr.*o.
737 Market St., .Sau Francisco, Cal.TO BE REFERRED
TO A COMMISSION
Senate Committee on Pacific
Railroads Agrees on a
New Bill.
Similar to the Substitute for the
Funding Bill Offered in
the House.
Senator White Declares the New-
Measure Is a Plan Arranged
by Huntington.
WASHINGTON, D. c, Jan. 15.— The
Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads
after a long session this morning agreed
to report favorably the Gear bill providing j
for a commission, consisting of the Attor- I
ney-General and the Secretaries of the
Treasury and Interior, for the setilement
of the debts of these roads. The bill is
similar to that introduced in the House;
and is identical with the substitute which j
was offered in the House by Harrison on ;
Monday when the refunding bill was de- I
feated.
At Morgan's suggestion the following
proviso was added at the end of section i,
which fixes the basis of settlement, and
with this agreed to the bill was ordered
favorably reported by a unanimous vote:
"That said Commissioners, in making
eny settlement under this act, shall re
serve to Congress the rieht to regulate or
prescribe the rates of toll? or charges for
the transportation of freights or passen
gers to be charged on any or all of the
said railroads and all other lights and
powers in respect of said railroads and
railroad companies as they now exist."
Concerning the bill for a commission to
settle the Pacific railroad debts, which
was reported favorably to-day by the Pa
cific Railroads Committee of the Senate,
Senator White said to-night that he was
convinced that this was Mr. Huntington's
plan. H» does not favor it and is re
solved that it shall not pass the Senate if
he can help it. The fact that Senator
Morgan has been brought around to the
support of this proposition is rather dis
couraging to the Californians, but there
are other good men in the Senate, such as
Senators Allen and Pettigrew, who can
be aepemled upon to assist Senator White
in his fight against the bill.
It is understood that Senator Morsan is
not irrevocably committed to the Harri
son bill, although he sug rested an amend
ment to it at the committee meeting to
day. Senator Morgan and Judge Maguire
will have a conference and may decide to
press the bill authorizing and directing
the Attorney-General to bring suits in the I
Court of Appeals in the District of Co- j
in mb : a.
The Call correspondent to-day inter- j
viewed a number of members of the
Housj on the proposition for a commis- |
sion, and finds that the new bill, ii it is
reported to the House, will meet with
practically the same opposition that the |
funding .bill encountered, it might prob- I
ah prove a little stronger than that bill, I
but it 13 double*!. The assertion is made |
to-day by well-posted men that the Pa- I
cine Railroads Committee of the House is 1
wasting time in attempting to agree upon
a new bill of any kind.
A heavier proportion of the opposition
also comes from men who do not want to
bother with the question a~ain, and who
assert that there is sufficient law on the
statute-books now to protect the interests
of the Government and the roads.
►- tome quarters the new bill is char
acterized as the last efforts of the railroads
to delay a settlement with the Govern
me:,'. The charge is made that a com
mission would take some years in reaching
a settlement, if it could reach it then.
The roads, it is said, are as able to settle
now as they will be at any future period.
If it is ascertained that the opposition to
the new bill is about as great as to
the former one it is doubtful if the Com
mittee on Rulc-s will agree to a day or two
for consideration of the measure. They
will take it .-a us 'less waste of time.
Representative Meiklejohn oi Nebraska,
wbo opposed the funding bill, states that
fie will also oppose the new measure be
cause he is satisfied that the Government
can foreclose its inortzages and get all or
most of what is due. He believes that
there would be bidder* for the property.
These bidders, he thinks, would represent
Eastern roads which want a through iine to
the Pacific Coast. Representative Pendleton
and Cockreil of Texas both expressed op
position to the new bill, stating that it is
unnecessary. Judge Cockreil says that
commissions for such purposas are worth
less affairs. Judge Pendleton thinks that
the Government can get at least two
thirds of the amount due it under fore
closure proceedings.
Concerning the report that a New York
syndicate has made an offer for the Union
Pacific the Post says this morning:
"In addition to the announcement made
yesterday morning of the efforts of the
New York syndicate to gain possession of
the Union Pacific road the Post is enabled
this morning to present the exact details
of the proposition which has been made to
the Government. The net balance due
the United States by the Union Pacific is,
in round numbers, $53,000,000. In addi
tion to this there is the sinking fund of
$17,000,000. The syndicate proposes to
make its first bid at *"_-- 000,000, or if the
value of the sinking fund is desired by the
Government io be cover»d into the treas
ury $45, 000,000 will be offered. In either
event the total is $25.00*J.0G0 less than the
net debt or the net debt and the sinking
fund combined. Of coarse if there should
be another bidder at the sale, either repre
senting home or foreign interests, the
syndicate would be prepared to raise its
figure.
"I is learned that the syndicate, which
is an open one, includes Morgan, the
Vanderbilt interests and a large number
of financial leaders and trust companies
of New York, and has already secured the
underwriting of about $40,000,000 in the
fnrtherance of its enterprise. Nothing
will be done by the Attorney-General in
the direction of instituting foreclosure
proceedings until he is thoroughly satis
fied that he had a guarantee of the largest
bid which can be obtained. In other
words, he will not institute procesdings,
and have the sale of the road declared,
only to find that the Government inter
ests have been sacrificed. Foreclosure
proceedings are mandatory under the law
unless some other legislation ls enacted to
take the place of the law of March 3, j
1837." • . ■ {
BOSTON MERCHANTS' BANQUET.
Brilliant Assemblage at the Thirteenth
Annual Meeting of the Asso
ciation.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 15.— One hundred
gentlemen.' representing the trade, com
merce and wealth of Boston and New
England, attended this evening the thir
teenth annual banquet of the Boston
Merchants' Association at the Hotel Yen
dome.
This evening's event was second to none
which has preceded it in character of at
tendance, interest or topic or quality of
oratory.
From 5 to 6 p. m. the officers and special
guests were received in the Yendome par
lors. Dinner was served at 6 p. M. in the
great banquet.hall, which was elaborately
draped with National colors. During both
reception and dinner a full orchestra ren
dered National airs.
At the center of the head of the table
sat President J. R. Leesou. On hi-i right
and left were the special guests of the
evening: Governor Roger Woicott, Wil
liam Cornwell (president of the City Bank
of Buffalo), Hon. W. Bourke Cockran of
New York, Mayor Josiah Quincy, Sub-
Treasurer Josepu O'Neill, W. F. Robinson
president of the Boston Chamber of Com
merce), Collector Win3iow Warren. Col. M.
Mansheld, U. S. A.; Postmaster J. W.
Coxeney, Congressman John F. Fitzger
ald, J. 0. L. Bates, Speaker of the Massa
chusetts House oi Representatives; Rufus
Flanders, president of the Bo -ton Board
ot Trade; Hon. Jonathan A. Lane, ex
president of the association, and Hon.
Charles E. Adams, president of the Massa
chusetts Board of Trade.
After the menu had been discussed the
president opened tne speaking in a short
address, in which be feelingly alluded to
the ab-ence of Governor Greenhalge and
his untimely death.
Mr. Leeson closed by paying a high
tribute to the integrity and worth of the
present Governor oi the Suite, Roger
Woicott, and iutroduced that gentleman
to the assemblage.
Governor Woicott was received with
vocilerou^ applause and cheers. The Gov
ernor welcomed the guests of the evening,
and declared that these closing years ot
the nineteenth century will be memorable
in the future history ol the world lor an
attempt at leist to establish, a great tri
bunal representing the two foremost na
tions of the world to which shall, here
after, for a limited period at first, but we
believe for perpetuity, be committed the
decision of great questions of interest.
Mayor Quincy spoke on "improvement
of Boston Harbor." He was followed by
William C. Cornwall ot Buffalo, who
spoke at great length upon "Thirty Years
01 War Currency," and wnose uddress
held the close attention of the assembly
and was frequently punctuated with ap
plause. The iast speaker was Hon. W.
Bourke Cockran of New York, who ad
dressed the gathering upon "The Moral
and Material Prosperity of the United
States."
CONFIDENCE IS RETURNING.
Comptroller Eckels Anticipates No More
Bank Failures — Business, He Says, Is
Bound to Improve.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 15.— Comptroller
James N. Eckels was in the city to-day
signing checks for the first 50 per cent
dividend to be paid to the depositors in
the National Bank of Illinois.
"My coming on here and spending five
days in signing these checks," said Mr.
Eckels to a reporter, "saves about $2500 to
the creditors of the bank, as if the checks
were sent to Washington and compared
and signed there it would take from five
to ten days longer. The interest on
$4,003,000 for five days at 5 per cent would
amouut to auite a sum. I sent my chief
clerk on ahead to compare the checks, aid
when everything was ready I came here
to sign them.
"Mr. McKcon, the receiver, will be
ready on Monday to pay oat $1,000,000 as
the hrst dividend of 50 rer cut. That's
pretty quiet work, paying a dividend
within tuirty days after a bank is closed.
"When the bask closed its liabilities
were estimated at $12,000,000, but these
have been scaled down to less than
$10,000,000, and there is money enough on
hand to pay 50 per cent of this amount.
There is no telling wi.at the bank will
realize. It will pay the depositors, I be
lieve, every cent, and the stockholders be
lieve there will be something left for
them.
"As to the situation, I think there will
be but few more if any bank failures.
Confidence is returning, and busines* is
bound to improve in the near future. I
am satisfied that the outlook is much
brighter than it was."
a ■
LOOKING IO BIMETALLISM.
Republican Senaors Caucus and Advo
cate a Commission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— 1n the
Republican Senatorial caucus this morn
ing the text of the resolution adopted was
as follows:
An act to provide for the representation of
the United States by commissions at any in
ternational monetary conference hereafter to
be called.
Be it enacted by tbe Senate and House of
Representatives "of the United States of
America, in Congress assembled, that when
ever alter March 4, 1897, the President of the
United States shall determine that the United
States shall be represented at any Interna
tional conference called b" the United States,
cr any other country, wi;h a view to securing
"by international agreement a fixity of the rela
tive value between gold and silver as money
by means oi a common ratio between these
metals, with free mintage at such ratio, he is
hereby authorized to appoint five or more
commissioners to such International confer
ence, and for compensation of said commis
sion and for all reasonable expenses connected
therewith to be approved by the Secretary of
State, including the proportion to be paid by
the United States tor the joint expenses of any
such conference, the sum of $100,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated.
Of Interest lo the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—Repre
sentative Hilton to-day introduced a bill
authorizing Hannah D. Crane and others
to bring suit in the Court of Claims for
rent of property claimed by them and
upon which the San Francisco Mint now
stands.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John W. Bishop.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Thomas
Fitzgerald, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles;
James McCnnna, Perris. Original widows.
etc Mary L. Burrows, Marvsville.
Oregon: Original— Martiu W. George,
St. Johns.
Washington; Original — Albertns S.
Bliss, Chehaln.
Railroad Receivers Appointed.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. Judge
Taft in the United Slates court late this
afternoon appointed Myron T. Herric_
and Robert B:icken3der.'er receivers of the
Wheeling and Lake Erie Railroad. The
petition was in the nature of a surprise.
Mr. Blickensderfer is general superintend
ent of the lino, and Mr. Herrick is the
well-known capitalist.
Union Pacific Earnings.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 15. -The Union
Pacific system earned gross for November
$2,171,1-3, an increase o" $44,069; net $331,
--900, a decrease of $71,507; erons from Jan
uary 1 to November 30. $30,962 642. increase
$550,869; net $7,656,003 ; increase $6376.
Death of Roger Burke.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— Roger
Burke, who at one time was prominent in
the Land League and also in the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, died in Bellevue
Hospital to-day.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
JOHN SHERMAN
TO BE PREMIER
Accepts the State Portfolio
in the McKinley
■ Cabinet.
John Russell Young and Ex-
Governor Long of Massa*
chussets Also Slated.
Senator Burrows of Michigan Trying
to Secure the War cretary
ship for Alger.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. Senator Sher
man, who this afternoon authorized the
United Associated Presses to positively
announce that he has accepted the port
folio of State, and ex-Governor John D.
Lone of Massachusetts, who will in all
probability be in Major McKinley's Cabi
net, sat down at table with me President
elect to-day. The other guest at luncheon
was Senator Burrows of Michigan.
Senator Sherman arrived at the house
about an hour and a quarter before noon
and left for Washington at 2 o'clock. He
had a long talk with Major McKinley. and
they discussed many men and measures.
The formation of the Cabinet was the
main topic of conversation. Senator
Sherman said appointments and the or
ganization ot the work in his department
would not be considered till after the in
auguration of Major McKinley. It is un
derstood that the appointment of a Secre
tary of War was not discussed to-day. but
the gossips have it that John Russell
Young of Philadelphia is under considera
tion. Senator Sherman was in excellent
spirits and seemed full of vigor.
The visit of ex-Governor Long, follow
ing so closely upon that of Senator Lodge
of Massachusetts, is construed to mean he
is not unwilling to accept a place in Major
McKinley's Cabinet. Senalor Lodge as
sured Major McKinley there were no ob
jections to the appointment of ex-Governor
Long on the part of Massachusetts Repub
licans, and it may be deemed reasonably
c rlain that he will be the New England
member of the Cabinet.
Major McKinley and Governor Long
had a long talk and the latter left for the
East this afternoon. It is not thought
that the particular place in the Cabinet
which is likely to be offered Governor
Long has been determined. No tender of
a portfolio was made to-day. Long said
he simply came to confer with Major Mc-
Kinley.
Senator J. C. Burrows of Michigan came
to see the President-elect in the interests
of General R. A. Alger, whom he hopes
will be appointed Secretary of War. Sen
ator Burrows said the Republicans of
Michigan had counted upon General
Alger and that ne had the hearty indorse
ment of the two Senators. General Alger
is also being urged by the old soldiers of
the Union armies. Senator Burrows did
not indicate that the portfolio had been
tendered General Alger, but the belief is
pretty strong here that it will be. The
differences that existed between Senator
Sherman ahd General Alger have been
happily adjusted and form no obstacle
whatsoever to the appointment of General
Alger to the Cabinet. This is stated upon
high authority.
Representative R. B. Mahany ot Buf
falo, and John Milholland of New York
City, who is said to be a candidate for
Collector of the Port, were among Major
McKinley's callers to-day.
TWO SENATORIAL CONTESTS.
Populists Break Away From Claggett in
Idaho — Turner Gaining in Wash
ington.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 15.— 1n the Sena
torial contest in the Idaho Legislature to
j day the Populists broke away from Clag
! gett. Twenty-four of their votes went to
i A. J- Crook, Populist, who also received
i five Democratic votes, making his total
j 29. Dubois got 26 of the silver Repub
licans. A second ballot was taken which
| resulted substantially the same as the
first.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 15.— There is
j no change in the Senatorial situation, save
i that Squire is uneasy and discouraged.
! Several of his workers left town to-day
; and those at headquarters do not have
! any hopes. His strength is unknown, but
iit is not what it is claimed to be. Turner
lis more confident than ever. He made an
! address to-night before the "third house"
i and aroused great enthusiasm. He is
| gaining strength. Cline will undoubtedly
j lead with the Populists. It is claimed
i secretly that he will have thirty votes to
jgo in with. The Legislature adjourned to
j Monday, and many member, have gone
I home.
Tammany Holds Primaries.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.—Tam
many primaries were held in all the
Assembly districts in this city to-night to
elect delegates to the general committee
and to district committees. Notwith
standing the factional fights in a number
of districts, there was no serious contest
except in the Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict, the contests in the other districts
having been adjusted. In the Thirty
third and Thirty-fourth districts tne fol
lowers of County Clerk Henry D. Purroy
elected separate delegates under the name
of Home-rule Tammany.
L'X.sjp After Trusts and Monopolies.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 15.— 1n the Sen
ate to-day Senator Lexow offered a reso
lution for an investigation of the existence
of monopolies and trusts. He asked that
this resolution be made a special order
for next Tuesday. He said he believed
the Republican party should take hold of
this important question which was now
agitating the public. The motion to
make the resolution a special for Tuesday
was adopted.
Madden Goes to Help Mason.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Jan. 15.— Mr.
Lorimer, the new candidate for Senator,
opened headquarters this morning." There
is no change in the Senatorial situation.
Mr. Madden left lor Cnicago this morning
and Pas taken charge of Mason's cam
paign. The candidates now in the field
are: William E. Mason, Samuel W. Al
lerton. Robert li. Hitt, Clark E. Carr and
William Larimer. The next caucus will
be held Monday afternoon.
FEAR THE DEADLY PLAGUE.
Importation of Indian Cotton Prohibited
by Italian Prefects.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 15.— The Rome
correspondent of the. Daily News tele
graphs that the prefects of the northern
provinces of Italy have prohibited the
entry into those provinces of cotton from
India, fearing that it .will convey the
The Late Henry C Benson, Pioneer Minister.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 15.— Rev. Henry C. Benson, a pioneer Methodist minister of this
const, died at his home at Santa Clara at 1:15 o'clock this morning after a long and pain
ful illness from a complication of diseases.
Mr.* Benson was born at Xenia, Ohio, in 1818. He worked his way through college and
in 1842 was graduated by the Indiana Asbury University, now know as De Pauw University.
In 1842 he was admit ed to the India Conference of the Methodist Episcopal church,
and in the following year was transferred to ihe Arkansas Conference, having accepted an
appointment as missionary to the Choctaws. In 1845 he was transferred to the North
Indiana Conference and resumed the pastorate. In 1850 he was appointed professor of
languages in the Indiana Asbury University, which institution subsequently bestowed
upon him the degree of D.D.
In 1852 he resigned his professorship to come to California. He landed In San Fran
cisco early in the spring of 1852. He served as pastor of various important charges and
as presiding elder until 1864, when he was selected by the General Conference to the
editorship of the Pacific Christian Advocate at Portland. Or., where he remained for four
years, declining a re-election and also the presidency of the Willamette University to ac
cept the editorial chair of the California Christian Advocate, which he filled for twelve
successive years.
He returned to the pastorate ln 18S0 and remained in active service until a few years
ago, his semi-centennnial of work as a minister of the Methodist chuich being maae the
occasion of a fitting celebration by the conference then in session at Pacific Grove. He
was always an ardent supporter of the University of the Pacific and for many years one of
its most efficient truseees. A widow and nine children survive the deceased.
The funeral of Rev. Dr. Benson will take place at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon at the M.
E. church in Santa Ciara. It is expected all the prominent Methodist ministers in this section
of the State will be present. . .
bubonic plague that is now ravaging
Bombay and other places in India.
The cotton is imported into Italy by way
of Genoa. As a result of the prohibition
many of the ot erativesln the cotton fac
tories have been thrown out of work, ow
ing to the lack of material. The idle
operative** are very indignant over the ac
tion of the prefects, and it is feared tbat
there will be disorders.
The Government has announced that an
international conference will be held prob
ably at Rome to consider measures for the
protection of Europe against the plague.
It is stated that six powers have already
given their adherence to the conference.
The French Government has ordered a
quarantine against vessels arriving from
Plymouth, Eng., owing to tbe recent ar
rival there of the transport Nubia with
cholera on board. Passengers from Ply
month will be detained at French ports
for five days' observation.
FAVORS FORECLOSURE.
Receiver Anderson Talks of the Affairs
of the Union Pacific.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.-E. Ellery
Anderson, one of the Government direct
ors and a receiver of the Union Pacific
Railway, was asked to-day what he
thought of the proposed commission to be
composed of members of the Cabinet to
settle the indebtedness of all the bjnJ
atded railways. He replied:
"I am, and have been all along, in favor
of the foreclosure of the mortgag-* and the
sale of the property, providing there i 3 a
guarantee of a reasonable bid. So far as
the outcome is concerned, 1 think the
Government ought to realize from the
Union Pacific Railroad from $40,000,000
to $45,000,000, including the $16,000,000
now in the sinking fund. The whole of
the Union Pacific's indebtedness to the
Government is about $69,000,000."
ARBUCKLE SUGAR REFXXERY.
Ground Broken for the Xesv Plant at
Brooklyn, -"». Y.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Jan. 15.— Ground
was broken to-day for the Arbuckle sugar
refinery in this city, adjoining the Ar
buckle coffee plant. It is the intention of
the Arbuckles to push the erection of the
building with all possible speed. To this
end day and night gangs will be employed,
and the plant may be in operation by next
Aucust.
Tne building will cover the block
bounded by John, Jay and Pearl streets
and the river. The rpfinery will . have a
capacity of 5000 or 000 barrels per day.
The increase from a capacity of 1203 bar
rel?, which was originally fixed by the Ar
buckles, has been made necessary by the
aggressively antagonistic attitude of the
sugar trust.
CORBETT EAGt.H FOR THE FRAY.
Believes That Fits Realty Intends to
Fight This lime.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan. 15.— A United
Assoc ated Presses reporter inthecouise
of a long talK with James J. Corbett this
afternoon expressed the hope that Fitz
simmons' alleged injured hand would be
in good shape on March 17.
"Yes, so do I," said the champion. "I
have refrained from making any talk
about Fitzsimmons lately, because I really
bell ye he intends to fight this time, not
withstanding the fact that he has always
been afraid of me aud showed it never
more than by crineing whenever he was
in my presence. I intend to be in first
class order on March 17, and if Pitzsim
mous comes into the ring with a hand not
fit to fight with I will go on with the mill
with one hand tied behind my back. If
he gets up a side bet of $5000 or more I
propose to get it and will fight under any
conditions or circumstances."
SHAIiKEY A' S tCRAMEXTO.
The Marine's Sparring Combination
Draws a lair Audience.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 15— The
McAuliffe-Sharkev combination drew a
veiy fair house. One of the most pleasing
and by far the most amusing performances
was a sparring match between four
colored men with flour-covered gloves, the
four being all engaged at one and the same
time. Sharkey's bag - punching was a
feature and his three-round contest with
Professor Johnson, the pride of the Sac
ramento Athletic Club, was a fine exhibi
tion, as was his go with Jack McAuliffe.
Henry Peppers gave a good exhibition of
bag-punching and boxing.
S'uart's Bunt for a Battle- Ground.
DALLAS, Tex, Jan. 15.— Dan A. Stuart
bas left for San Francisco, Cal., and Reno,
Nev., to look after his pugilistic carnival
scheduled for the 17th of March. He will
return to Dallas about February 15, and
remain here till March 1, and then hi
mail will be addressed to Reno for thes
succeeding twenty days.
Mr ' A*»* of Paterson Weavers.
EATERSON, N. J., Jan. 15.— Two faun-
dred weavers employed by the Golden
Rod Silk Company at this place this
morning refused to submit to a reduction
of wages and went on strike. The factory
employs (300 people. The strike is likely
to spread to the many silkmills here,
which employ over 20,000 men, women
and boys.
BAA KERS ARK ANXIOUS.
! Want to Find Out the Condition of Cuba
Before Loaning More Money.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: A
: banking firm of this city has received let
, ters from Paris, London and Berlin asking
! to be informed as to the real state of af
i fairs ,in the island and the prospect of
i speedy pacification of the provinces of
i Havana and Pinar del Rio. These letters
are from bankers who have been ap
; proached by agents of the Spanish Gov
! ernment to negotiate a new loan of
' $50,000,000 for the expenses of the war in
i Cuba, giving as security an additional
; issue of the mortgage bonds of 1895 at 5
; per cent interest, with the guarantee of
I tne customs revenues in the island.
The Spanish agents have declared the
pacification of P.r.ar del Rio is a fact,
though it is impossible to proclaim it be
i cause martial law is necessary there, mas;
-; much as a few bands of bandits still re-
I main, and the pacification of the province
': of Havana will soon be accomplished.
The answer given to these letters means
the failure of Spain's negotiations. The
! banking firm referred to has informed its
correspondents that the pacification of
Pinar del Rio is far from being a fact, and
1 that in Havana province the war is as hot
j as ever, and extends even to the suburbs
! of the capital itself.
But even though this were not so, the
! Havana banker adds, the proposed secur
ity for the desired loan is no security at
j all. The customs revenues are pledged to
] pay the principal and interest of the
bonds of 1386 at 6 per cent, and so are the
\ ordinary and extraordinary taxes of the
, island. The bonds of 1895 are practically
only a second mortgage. Besides, neither
j Cuba or Spain is able to pay the $40,000,000
of the Cuban debt.
Arrest of an Editor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. Enrique
Trujilio, editor of the Cuban newspaper,
El Porvenir, was arrested by Deputy
United States Marshals this afternoon, on
complaint of the Spanish Consul, Arturo
Baldisano Topete. Trujillo i 3 accused of
having aided and abetted a iilibusteiing
expedition which sailed from this port on
the steamship Horsa, on November 9. He
was arraigned by Commissioner Shields
and put under $2500 bail for examination
on Saturday, January 23. He furnished
cash bail.
An Aid to Commerce.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 15.— The fol
lowing dispatch was received to-day:
... T London. Jan. 15, 1897.
Chamber of Commerce, Xcio York: Loudon
Chamber of Commerce desires to express con
viction that lh* treaty just signed will tend to
increase friendly feeling between the two
great English-sj caking nations and security
of their commercial and material relations.
Convention*, London.
Bills Reported for Public Buildings.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— The
House Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to-day ordered favorable re
port on Senate bills authorizing public
buildings at Tacoma, Wash., to cost
$400,000; at Salem, Or., to cost $100,000;
and at Aberdeen, S. Dak., $100,000.
Medical Director Hells' Successor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—Sur
geon General Try on of the navy has been
promoted to the rank of medical director,
the highest grade of naval surgeon-,
through a vacancy caused by the retire
ment of Medical Director Wells on the
20th inst. ■■■•-
lift, of -nit uu Coal.
"It may sound like nonsense, but it is
true all the same," said the coal-dealer,
"that coal over which has been sprinkled a
strong solution of salt will last much
longer than it otherwise will — what will be
saved in coal will more than pay for the
salt and the trouble. Some of my customers
tell me they use a pound of salt in each
two quarts of water. Hot water dissolves
me salt more rapidly than cold, though
ci her wilt do. The salt in some way adds
a lasting ingredient to the coal. Salt was
the main constituent of the various coal
mes so extensively advertised a few years
ago and by which so much money was
made. Any one can try tho experiment
in a small way. First, see exactly how
long one scuttlelul of coal will last. Next,
try the same amount of coal, over wnich
the solution of >alt has been sprinkled."—
Washington Star.
BONANZA FIND IN
MARIPOSA COUNTY
Mine Owned by Fresnoans
Will Yield Enormous
Returns.
Gold Streaks in Decomposed
Slate That Was Believed
Valueless.
Assays Show That a Ton of the
Quartz Is Worth Six Hundred
Dollars.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 15.— The Mariposa
County mine, in which Dr. E. C. Dunn
and Attorney Mark Walser of this city
are interested, has turned out to be a
bonanza. The fact has been established,
and the two Fresnoans will be men of
fortunes in the near future. It has been
Discovered that a formation of decomposed
slate, which was struck in the mine and
considered entirely worthless and a seri
ous obstacle to further penetration of the
mountain, abounds in gold, assaying
nearly $000 a ton.
The owners of the mine had considered
that they were expending money on
"dead work" in digging out the slate, un
der which, according to mineral laws,
they expected to find a vein of gold ore.
The obnoxious formation was extensive,
and the owners believed they were having
very hard luck, as they believed that a
large amount of money would have to be
expended to get through to the gold-bear
ing stratum. But it has turned out that
the slate is very valuable. The discovery
was made through the curiosity of Attor
ney Walser, who sugeested that a few
samples of the "stuff" that had given so
much discouragement be assayed.
The owners could hardly believe it when
the assaver said the rock was worth on an
average ss94 a ton. Computing according
co the average of the several assays made
the amount of "dead work slate already
on the dump at the mine will yield about
$75,000. The formation still in the moun
tain is a larire one, and if it all contains
gold of a $600 ratio the mine is a veritable
bonanza.
The name of the mine is "Contention."
It was purchased last April by the present
owners. It is located about twenty miles
above Coulterville.
LOS ANGELES LADIES' LEAGUE.
The Local Four Hundred Organizes for
Protection Against " Obnoxious "
Society Reporters.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— A novel
organization is being formed in this city
among the ladies of the four hundred.
It is a league to be composed of the
wealthy women who reside in the
neighborhood of Adams and Figueroa
streets, in the western portion of this city,
to banish the übiquitous "society reporter"
from all society functions, and to main
tain a strict silence respecting the func
tions in the, presence of the aforesaid
"vulgar reporters." It is a new ' move
ment, but promises to receive a large
following among certain women of the
cit7.
It is said to have had its origin in the
doings of an importunate reporter on
a morning newspaper.
HOME PRODUCTS FAIR.
Los Angeles' Winter Exposition Will \
Open This Evening.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— The
Home Products Exhibition will open in
Hazard's Pavilion to-morrow evening.
The demand for space has exceeded the
supply, and as usual the people of this
city are -bowing the intelligent enter
prise and local pride that nave marked
every effort of Los Angeles to show her
spendid superiority. Special invitations
have been sent to San Franciscans, and it
is understood that many of these invita
tions will be utilized.
The reception committee is composed
of the following ladies and gentlemen:
H. W. Frank, J. G. Chamberlain, P. M.
Daniel, E. A. Stuart, Fred L. Baker. R.W.
Pridham, A. G. Bartiett, John J. Bergin,
S. B. Lbwis. F. M. Coulter, J. A. Kines
lev, H. C. Lichtenberger, J. R Newberrv,
H. M. Sale, J. W. Frey, R. H. H-rroh,
Max Meybsrg, J. B. Hooker, Jacob Loew,
A. H. Fixen, Mrs. D. G. Stephens. Mrs.
R. L. Craig. Mrs. F. L. Baker, Mrs. R. W.
i Pridham. Mrs. E. A. Stuart, Mrs. H. W.
j Frank, Mrs- Lucy Blanchard, Mrs. R. H.
I Herron, Margaret J. Frick. •
The Price of an Arm.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— Charles
i Bell, the newspaper man who was shot at
! Ontario a few weeks ago by Joseph Gech
man at the Jatter's winery while endeav-
I ing to persuade Gechman not to shoot at
j a man, has brought suit in the Superior
! Court against Gechman. Bell alleges that
i on December 10 last the defendant shot
| bim in the hand, in consequence of which
; it was necessary to amputate his right
arm. For the injuries received and the
expense incurred he asKs for judgment in
the sum of $10,401 50.
Riverside's Demurrer Overruled.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— Judge
Shaw this afternoon overruled the de
murrer to the complaint in the case of
the County of San Diego vs. the County
of Riverside. It was an action to recover
of Riverside County $7865 65 paid by the
State Treasurer to Riverside County as it«
share of the county taxes for 1886 and 1887
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
Randsburg Company Incorporated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— The
Randsburg and St. Elmo Improvement
Company filed articles of incorporation
this afternoon. The directors are William
Ferguson, J. F. Turner, M. W. Turner,
E. H. Gould, C. T. Thomas. M. J. Blais
dell and Charles L. North, all of Los
Angeles. The capital stock is $500,000.
Rainfall Records Broken.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— This
rainstorm has been a cord-breaker. It
brought 3.33 inches of water. The sea
son's downfall so far is 8.44 inches. The
average for twenty years is 7.16 inches.
The average of tue month for twenty
years is 2.93 inches. For the past twenty
four hours .94 of an inch bas fallen.
Five Years for a Young Forger.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— W. E.
Kramer, a well-known young man. con
victed of forging a check for $22 68, was
sentenced to-day to five years at San
Quentin. The prisoner made a protest
against the punishment, asserting his
innocence with vehemence and received
his sentence defiantly.
Pric* on Morales' Head.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.—Gover
nor Budd has offered a reward of $500 for
tbe arrest and conviction of Jose Morales,
who on December 27 shot Deputy Sheriff
G. C. Wilson at Monrovia while resisting
arrest. Morale** has killed five men. and
is a desperado of the worst type. Follow
ing is a description of the murderer:
Mexican, 28 to 30 years of age, height 5
feet 7 or 8 inches, weight about 175 pounds,
hair black, bas shaggy beard, -car inside
right hand, wart on knuckle of hrst finger
left hand, scar on right side of scalp, wears
No. 7 shoe.
Washouts on the Santa Fe.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— The
Santa Fe is laboring with big washouts
between Needles and Williams, in Ari
zona. Trains are being sent over the
Southern Pacific tracks from Needles to
Maricopa. It will require about three
days to mate repairs.
Frank Larrabee Discharged.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— Frank
Larrabee of San Francisco, charged with
the embezzlement of $140 preumim on
life insurance policies paid by Mrs. M. 8.
Severance from A. B. Forbes & Son of
San Francisco, was discharged this after
noon.
Concert at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
15. Stanford's Glee and Mandolin Club
gave their return concert in the chapel
this evening. The general verdict was
that they are the strongest aggregation of
musicians and singers yet produced at
Stanford. Dillon and Riley were warmly
applauded for their individual work. The
selections of the glee and mandolin clubs
were rendered with great skill. A num
ber of visitors were present.
The Cortrin at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 15.— United
States revenue cutter Corwin, Lieutenant
B. L. Reed, arrived at noon from Santa
Barbara. The Corwin will remain here
permanently, according to Lieutenrnt
Reed, and will be under the supervision
of Collector John C. Fisher. News by
wire is to the effect that the United States
coast defense vessel Monterey will arrive
from Santa Barbara to-morrow.
Mission of San Diego's Mayor.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 15.— The knowl
edge that Mayor W. H. Carlson is in New
York has leaked out and caused a sensa
tion. It was supposed that Carlson was
in San Francisco, but the information
comes that he is in the metropolis in con
ference witn C. P. Huntington concerning
a Southern Pacific Railroad extension to
this city from Flowing Wells, a station on
the desert.
Santa Cruz Insurance Rates.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 15. — The
Santa Cruz County Insurance Associa
tion, an organization composed of local
agents, met to-day to consider the pro
posed cut advertised by the German-
American and the Fireman's Fund com
panies. It was decided not to make any
cut in rates.
Winter Sport at Truckee.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 15.— The Truckee
ice palace never looked as fine as it did
this morning. There is plenty of snow
for fine sleighing and the roads are well
broke. The coasting, toboganing and
skating are excellent, and for winter sport
a better time cannot be chosen for visiting
Truckee.
Grays Harbor Lighthouse.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 15— C. J. Erick
son of this city was to-day awarded the
contract to construct the Grays Harbor
Government light station, to cost $30,000.
The contract for supplying metal for the
works was given to Patrick P. Dundon of
San Francisco, to cost $744.'.
Rainfall at Riverside.
RIVERSIDE, Cal , Jan. 15.— The rain
fall of the present storm amounts to 2.3*1
inches. The total for the season is 7.08
inches. In general the rain has been of
great benefit.
A Garden City (Kans.) boy supports his
family by trapping coyotes tor tueir pelts.
Weak as a Mouse?
I Is that the truth about
you especially early in
the morning and after a
little excitement ? If it
is, what makes you play
the fool when you might
act the man ? Let the
blood have a chance to
go bounding through your
veins once more and
you'll find that full joy
will come again. "Write
and get free circulars all
about
H
U
D
V
A
N
The great remedio-treat-
ment, which the famous
doctors of the great Hud-
son Medical Institute at
the corner of Ellis, Stock-
ton and Market streets
have discovered, is a cer-
tain, a safe and .a perma-
i nent cure for all your
\ ills. Don't be ashamed
\ to see your fellow-man
and your friend** of the
•*
weaker sex. " Hudyan "
makes strong, virile men.
* It makes no difference
: *3_iM9B— i MHH HH
i how weak, weary or worn
| you may be, it will pui
\ you on your feet again
and make you
Strong as a Lion !
34
ROE IS HANGED
FOR HIS CRIMES
Calmly the Napa Murderer
Goes to Ignominious
Death.
"**"*
Declares on the Gallows That
the Doom He Faced Was
Merited.
History of the Criin<! for Which He
Suff?red ths Ex'reme
Penalty.
NAPA. Cal.. Jan. William M. Roe,
the murderer of Mrs. Greenwood near this
city six years airo, lias paid the penalty for
his crime. To the end the assassin main
tained that careless demeanor that has
puzzled even the prison officials, who are
accustomed to mingling with men of his
class. It was not a spirit of bravado that
upheld Roe as he ascended the steps of
the scaffold, it was utter disregard for the
coming of death. He went to his doom as
one who had no regrets for the past — no
lean for the future. On the* gallows he
ihanked the prison officials for having
treated him kindly said that he deserved
death, and then the trap that >3ent his soul
b'fore its Maker was sprung.
There were many visitors, most of them
Sheriffs from other counties, who had
come to witness the execution. A crowd
of curious people was at the jail last even
ing to see and talk with the condemned
prisoner. Hoe seemed the same as ever.
He joined pleasantly in the conversation.
Not until after 2 o'clock this morning did
be retire to his bed. About 4 o'clock he
awoke, and from that time until morning
he tossed restlessly about, sleeping but
little.
This morning be seemed as well as ever
nnd pnrtook of a hearty breakfast. About
10:30 o'clock C. J. Beerstecher, who had
defended Roe when the murderer was
tried befcre Ihe Superior Court, paid a
farewell visit to Hie prisoner. Roe was in
his usual good spirits. He shook hands
with his attorney ami again 'har.ked him
for the defense made at the trial. Roe
said:
"1 am ready to die. Every one has to
die some time and my time has come. 1
might as well die now as any time and 1
wish they would hurry up."
Shaking hands again, Roe bade farewell
to his attorney.
The trap on the scaffold was again tried
at 10 o'clock. All the arrangements
proved satisfactory, and the Inclosure was
immediately cleared of all persons but the
officials and the carpenters. This was
William M. Roe, Hanged at Napa
for the Murder of Mrs. Green
wood.
done to prevent any one from aisturbing
or disarranging anything about the scaf
fold.
The Courthouse corridors were crowded
all the morning by those who were wait
ing until the doors to the jail inclosure
would be opened. At 10:30 o'clock the
lower hallway was densely packed with
men, and when the doors were opened a
half hour later the crowd surged into the
inclosure. The death warrant was read to
the condemned man by Under Sheriff
Brownlee in the presence of Sheriff Mc-
Kenzie, Captain Kettle of the Salvation
Army, Dr. Hennessey, Wall, Ken
nedy and Sheriffs of other counties of tbe
State. Roe thanked Under Sheriff Brown-
lee, saying:
"Thank you; youhavedoneyourduty."
He remained sitting in his chair and
manifested no feeling whatever. He was
quiet during the reading and was the
most unconcerned person present. He
felt sorry for the olficers for the duty they
would have to perform, but for himself
be had no pity and asked none.
The inclosure was well filled, there being
nearly 400 spectators. When the doors
were closed at 11:16 o'clock the visiting
Sheriffs were escorted to the scaffold by
Sheriff McKenzie. They took their places
in the rear of and around the trap. At
11:25 the spectators were requested to pre
serve silence and to remove their hats.
A minute later Sheriff McKenzie, followed
by Roe, at whoso side walked Under
Sheriff Robert A. Rrownlee. with Wall
Kennedy and Captain Kettle of the Salva
tion Army bringing up the rear, walked
down the covered entrance. Roe's hands
were bound, but he smoked a cigar and
smiled at the crowd. There was no step
more firm than his as ho mounted the
gallows platform. He was directed to
stand upon the trap, and as he was being
placed in position be looked at the spec
tators and remarked, nervously though
smilinely :
"Kind of monotonous," following it
with a "Hello!" to a familiar face in the
crowd.
Sheriff McKenzie asked, "Is there any
statement you wish to make?"
"Haven't much to say," replied Roe;
"only wish to give my thanks for the way
I have been treated ; treated me well, and
this man here (indicating Wall Kennedy),
this man has helped me out considerably.
I have no creed or kin or anything like
that, so 1 think that is all I want to say."
Sheriff McKenzie and Under Sheriff
Murderer Roe, Smoking a Cigar, Calmly Ascended the Stairs to the Gallows in Napa Prison. Of Those Within
the Inclosure He Was the Most Unconcerned.
Brownlee adjusted the straps' binding
Roe's limbs.
"I got a paper I want to give to the
turnkey later on." said Roe.
Sheriff McKenzie took a paper cut of
Roe's inner pocket and handed it. to Wall
Kennedy.
During all of the proceedings Roe
puffed away on his cigar, bending his
head down as low as his knees to occa
sionally remove the weed from his mouth
with his pinioned bands.
"Good-by now! ' said Roe.
"The lord bless you!" said Captain
Kettle.
Captain Kettle offered a prayer. Then
Sheriff McKenzie placed the noose over
Roe's head and adjusted the knot. Under
Sheriff Brown lee placed the black cap over
the murderer's bead and the spectators
heard the muffled admonition from the
condemned man to the Sheriff to "draw it
tight."
The Sheriff gave the signal, by raising
his band. The trap was sprung at * 11:31
o'clock, the body shot down and Roe's
earthly career was at an end. He neither
kicked nor struggled. Dr. Hennessey was
in charge of the body after that time. He
was surrounded by other physicians. The
body hung motionless except as it lightly
swayed to and fro. Just nineteen minutes
alter the drop Dr. Hennessey pronounced
life extinct. The corpse was not immedi
ately cut down, however, two photographs
of it with the officers and physicians be
ing firs' taken. A few minutes later
Sheriff McKenzie severed the rope with
the knife taken from Roe when he was
arrested. The lifeless clay was taken in
charge by Coroner Keyser. It will be
shipped to San Francisco and will there
"in the interest ot science,' as directed by
Roe in bis lifetime, be given over for
special examination of the brain and other
organs.
Captain John Q. Greenwood, husband
of Roe's victim, quietly witnessed the exe
cution from a point near the gallows.
Koe was a remarkable criminal. He
made a confession to Sheriff McKenzie,
which that officer will not give in its en
tirety for publication, because of the im
plication ol other criminals yet at large.
Roe confessed to having participated in
no less than twenty-six murders, besides
other offenses of lesser magnitude. The
crime which lie to-day expiated on tbe
scaffold is remembered not only, by the
George S. McKenzie, Sheriff of
Napa County.
residents of Napa County but of the whole
State.
About dark on Monday evening. Febru
ary '.), 1891, probably between 5 and 6
o'clock, Captain Greenwood was coming
toward his house from the barn, situated
about seventy-five yards in the rear of the
dwelling. He was surprised to meet two
well-dressed strangers advancing toward
him. He was still more surprised to see
both immediately raise pistols, which
they pointed at him and commanded him
to throw up his band**. Seeing that he
was in the power of the strangers the cap
tain did as he was ordered. The next
command was to give up his money, to
which he replied that he had none.
Captain Greenwood was by his captcrs
escorted into the kitchen. There he was
tied hand and foot with vineyard twine or
strands of bale rope, and his hands and
feet were triced up together, leaving him
in an entirely helpless condition and
cramping his limbs so badly that they
gave him severe pain after being in the
position a short time.
From a small, square bottle be was then
forced to take several swallows of what
proved to be some sense-destroying drug.
Mr. Greenwood soon found that he was
becoming unconscious. White he was
being bound in the kitchen his wife, who
bad been to a neighbor's after a newspaper,
drove up and Itaving her horse standing
walked up and opened the kitchen door.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
Just as she did so one of the men stepped
out and attempted to seize her. Mrs.
Greenwood stepped backward and fell
from the porch into the flower-garden be
low, a distance of about four feet. So impet
uous was his onslaught upon her that her
pursuer could not stop himself and he also
fell, alighting on the woman. He arose
and dragged her up on to the porch and
into the kitchen, where, with his com
panion's assistance, her hands and feet
were tied similarly to her husband's and
a draught of the drug was forced down
her throat.
Captain Greenwood had sufficiently re
covered from the opiate by this time to in
quire if his .wife was hurt.
"Yes," she replied, "I am hurt badly."
More of this drug was administered to
both and the woman was carried into the
room adjoining. Then Captain Green
wood lost consciousness from the effects
of the drngs administered to him and
kne.v no more lor the time.
Captain Greenwood regained conscious
ness about 11 o'clock, and with a mighty
effort broke the cords which bound
his feet. Then he crawled to the
door, braced himself and managed to
get to his feet, though his hands were
bound behind his back. His first thought
was for his wife, and he entered the bed
room to find her lying dead upon the bed.
He went into the hall adjoining and was
again confronted by the two fiends in hu
man shape. They knocked him down,
and while he was lying on the floor shot
him twice in the side of the head, one ol
them cursing him as he shot.
"Though not at the time entirely uncon
scious the captain feigned d ath so suc
cessfully that they left him, though
taking the precaution to bind and gag
him. The men left the house, took Mrs.
Greenwood's horse and buggy, the animal
having remained standing where she had
left it, and made good their escape.
Captain Greenwood lay bound and
gagged until 7 o'clock in the morning,
when be again succeeded in petting his
feet free, and walked for a distance of
about 100 yards to the gate fronting on
the highway. A neighbor. Hugh Kelly,
came along and saw him. Kelly removed
the gag and heard the story of the horri
ble crime. He at once alarmed the neigh
borhood and sent, word to Sher .ft' Mc-
Kenzie.
The gag was a piece of a small broom
handle, wrapped in cloth torn from ono
of Mrs. Greenwood's white skirts, and
tied with a piece of window cord similar
to that used in binding Mrs. Greenwood's
bands. Captain' Green was shot
twice in the left side of the head, as has
been stated. One bullet passed downward
into the mouth, and was, with a tooth
which it had loosened, spit out on the hall
floor. The other ball ranged upward,
and was removed from the side cf the
head, where it had imbedded itself in the
skull. It was of a smaller size, showing
that each man lired a snot and that their
revolvers were of a different size.
Several years passed away beforo either
murderer was caught. Then Schmidt,
while intoxicated, told a Denver saloon
keeper of his part in the crime. His ar
rest and conviction followed.
Liquor was also the undoing of Roe.
He confided in Los Angeles to a man
who sold him liquor, He was arrested
several months ago and promptly tried
and convicted. His execution to-day was
the last act in the tragedy, or series of
tragedies.
Roe was not in theory or practice a
Christian. He expressed a belief in the
doctrine of reincarnation and refused to
receive visits Irom priest or minister,
though frequently requested to do so. Roe
professed a regard for tho feelings of his
relatives, and it was, he said, in deference
to them that he consented to receive
members of the Salvation Army. The
words of cheer they gave him were not
heeded by the condemned man, as he said
he felt secure and satisfied in his belief,
but he listened to what the Salvationists
had to say respectfully.
Roe's regard for his mother was rather
remarkable. Reference to her was the
only thing that moved him during the
trial, and to the last he seemed to main
tain this regard. When being tried a let
ter was received from his mother, in which
she said she did not believe her boy was
the" murderer lie had confessed himself to
be. She thought he was either crazy or
pretended to be. Roe was offered the let
ter, but said he would not read it, as it
would maka him feci badly.
There does riot seem to ha7e been any
thing in: the parentage of Roe which
would reconcile the theory of hereditary
depravity in the murderer. The mother,
for whom be entertained a regajd, was the
wifo of a man named Basil Roe. She
married in Ohio. Roe deserted his wife
and came West. He is thought to have
been killed in Nevada. Mrs. Roe went to
live with her foster parents named Blum,
and the condemned murderer accompan
ied her. He disagreed with Mrs. ilium
and left home. This was the beginning
of a life of wandering which ended to-day
on the trap. Roe had a grandmother of
easy virtue, and to her is attributed his
traits.
I Roe was very glib of tongue and de
lighted in telling of crimes he bad com
mitted. Had his record been what he
painted it, he would have been a leader
among murderers; but investigation
showed that while he had led a life of
crime and spilled much blood, he, in many
cases, lied abo\t his escapades. Phy
sicians spent considerable time in locating
his abnormal points as indicative of so
called degeneracy, but Roe had all the
characteristics of a manufactured degen
erate. Dime novel reading started him
on an imaginative career of crime, and
vice, principally the opium habit, aided
him in realizing the aspirations to be a
criminal. He displayed the instincts of
the opium fiend rather than of the "de
generate" in his statements to the last.
Roe was prone to confess to his misdeed*).
He said he had had a number of esca
pades at the home of his youth, which
were, on investigation, found to be pure,
labrications. He later said he had killed
a number of Indians and white men in
Idaho, and had been sent to the peniten
tiary for shooting a bartender.' He served
a term for shooting the bartender, but the
other statements could not be verified.
It, is certain that Roe committed at
least one murder other than that of Mrs.
Greenwood. His victim was a peddler he
met on the road near Barstow. He mur
dered him and left his body to the coyotes.
He robbed the body of jewelry and other
possessions of tbe peddler and made his
escape. Though one of the feet of the
murdered peddler was found by some
prospectors a few weeks after the murder,
nothing was known of the murder until
Roe made his confession. A search then
disclosed the skeleton.
Roe was 44 years of age, but despite the
wear and tear of a rough life he did not
look to be more than 35. He was born in
Ohio and came to this State in 1873. He
spent much of. his time since then in this
State. ; '
SAN JOSE'S VISITORS.
Executive Committee of the State Con-
vention of Supervisors in
Session.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— The execu
tive committee ofthe State Convention of
Supervisors, which was held in San Jose
on May 12, 1896, met here to-day. There
were present S. F. Ayer of Santa Clara,
Orin S. Henderson of San Joaquin and
E. J. D. Enright of Santa Cruz.
The various resolutions that were pre
sented at the convention held in San Jose
were taken up and considered and copies
were ordered sent to the members of tbe
executive com mitt who were not pres
ent. Copies of the resolutions were also
ordered sent to the chairmen of the Sen
ate and Assembly committees on roads
and hignways.
The committee adjourned to meet at the
room of the bureau of highways in the
Capitol building at Sacramento on Mon
day, February 8, at 3p. M. All Super
visors in the State who are interested in
county government and good roads and
highways are invited to be present.
THIiOWX FUOM HIS WAG OX.
Aged Man Receives Injuries That May
Prove Fatal.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. Thomas
Elake, an old man who resides on Park
avenue in this city, met with a serious ac
cident about 10 o'clock this morning on
the Monterey road, near the Franklin
schoolhouse. Blake and two young men
were driving along in a spring wagon,' one
of the men sitting in the rear and leading
a horse.
The horse Blake was driving shied at a
load of nay, upsetting the rig. Blake fell
under the wa.on and was trampled upon
by the horse, receiving severe internal in
juries. He remained unconscious for
some time and the two young men who
were with him were so certain he was dead
that they notified Coroner Secord, but be
fore that official arrived the man had re
covered consciousness and had been- re
moved to his home. Owing.to Blake's ad
vanced nge the injuries may prove fatal.
Citizens Will Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 16.— A mass
meeting of citizens of this city and
vicinity will be h.ld at Hale's Hall to
morrow evening to celebrate the defeat of
the funding bill and the opening of a new
era of prosperity in industrial and trade
affairs of the State. The call for the meet
ing has been signed by all the prominent
men of the city, and the meeting. will be a
large and enthusiastic one. Mayor Kcch
will preside. Judge Lawrence Archer,
J. C. Black. V. A. Scheller, Nicholas Bow
den, E. E. Cothran, Jackson Hatch, W. B.
Hardy and others will speak.
Alleges Extreme Cruelty.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— Flora A. Lacy
to-day commenced a suit for divorce from
L. D. Lacy on the ground of extreme cru
elty. Lacy, is a butcher in this city, and
both are well known. They were married
in 1880, and the plaintiff alleges that since
that time her husband has frequently
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
treated her in a cruel manner. Mrs. Lacy
says that a short time ago her husband
took her tc Salinas and left her there pen
niless, telling her that he was then and
there going to leave her.
Sues Her Father for Support.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— Suit has been
begun in the Superior Court by Ada Violet
Briggs, through her guardian ad litem,
William Vinter, against John C. Briggs,
father of Ada, for .$75 a month for her sup
port and education. Briggs and his wife
nre living apart and it is claimed Mrs.
Briggs is poor and unable to properly sup
port and educate the child. Briggs, it is
said, has valuable property in Tulare
County.
Veterans Will Dane.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— John A. Dix
and Phil Sheridan posts, G. A. R., assisted
by their respective Women's Relief Corps
and the Ladies of the G. A. R.. will give a
ball "on Thursday evening, March 4, in
celebration ot the inauguration of Presi
dent William McKinley. A meeting of
prominent citizens has been called for
next Thursday evening to assist in making
the ball the event of the season.
IN UKIAH JURORS' HANDS.
Twelve Men Deliberating Upon the Fate
of Rancher Mudgett's
Slayer.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 15.— The fate of
John Dodge, the self-confessed slayer of
Rancher Mudgett of Usal, now rests with
a jury. At a late hour to-night twelve
men were still deliberating, with little
likelihood of their reaching a verdict be
fore being locked up for the night.
The entire day was consumed by the
argument of Senator Johnson on behalf
of the defendant and by District Attorney
Sturtevant on behalf of the .people. Late
this afternoon Judce Mannon delivered
his charge to the jury, and at 6 o'clock
the case was sti omitted. During the argu
ment of the Distr.ct Attorney, while the
latter was scoring Dodge for his cold
bloodedness in shooting Mudgett and
afterward robbing him and burning the
body, the defendant for the first time
during the trial relaxed his customary
stoical expression and the tears came to
his eyes. His mother, a rather intelli
gent-appearing old Indian woman, sat be
side him and to all appearances did not
realize what was transpiring. His lather,
who is one of the pioneers of the county
and was formerly a wealthy man, sat out
side the court railing And appeared to be
the most interested of all.
San Dienana Will Xot Ratify.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Jan. Efforts
have been made to get up a mass-meeting
to ratify the defeat of the funding bill,
but they met with failure. The business
people generally opposed such demon
stration because it could accomplish no
good purpose, in their estimation.
Another reason for indifference is that
negotiations are pending to induce the
Southern Pacific to build to this place,
and such opposition at this time would
have anything but a beneficial effect.
There are many who favor the defeat of
the bill but do not care to make public
demonstration of their feeling.
Stanford Class Xominations.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
15.— Officers were nominated to-day for
the senior and freshman classes. The
former named T. M. Williams, Stanford's
center rush on the football teams and
Charles Pope, a popular member of the
engineering department. The freshmen
nominated J. P. Rusk, a young man w>bo
came to the front during the last football
season and more particularly during the
freshman inter-coliegiate game, and also
H. R. White. Interest centers principally
in the office of president. The elections
do not take place until next week.
K*BKP*I alwnys In the house— it's the best life
and he-lib Insurance, specially for children and
old people, who are liable to catch their death
from " Colds "—Dr. Jayne's Expectorant. -
Aid digestion with Jayne's rainless Sanative Bills.
XerndnQElection County Contest.
'■'. NEVADA CITY, Cal., Jan. 15.— The
case of Ridge vs. Nilon still occupies the
attention of the Superior Court. It is a
contest for the office of Superior Judge,
for which Nilon (Republican) defeated
Ridge (Populist) by eleven votes. Recount
gave Nilon lour more and Ridge four less.
The legal questions raised will be argued
to-morrow.
Anchored at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 15.— The
monitor Monadnock arrived at 10 o'ctock
tnis morning and anchored. The Monad
nock will remain till early in February.
NIELSEN FREED
BY JUDGE BUDD
Stockton Jury Directed to
Acquit for Lack of
Evidence. v
Former Employers Fail to Prove
That the Bookkeeper Was
an Embezzler.
.
Had Accused Him of Stealing Thou
sands of Dollars From the
F.rm.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 15.— Edward C.
C. Nielsen, who was charged with embez
zling thousands of dollars from the plan
ing-mill firm of Thomas & Buell of this
city, was acquitted to-day by a jury, by
direction of Judge Budd, before whom the
case was tried. Nielsen was for years head
bookkeeper and cashier of the concern.
When it was tnought by the firm tnat he
bad been taking money systematically
from the cash of the* house he was dis
charged, but it was not until after he had
been away for some time that a warrant
was sworn out for his arrest. He had dis
appeared, and many believed the popular
accountant bad committed suicide.
Sheriff Cunningham located him in San
Luis Obispo County, where he was passing
for a laborer. When it came to the trial
of Nielsen, Thomas & Buell could not pro
duce sufficient evidence to show that their
former trusted bookkeeper bad ever taken
money, as the members of the firm and
others had had access to tbe cash drawer.
Judge Budd ruled every bit of the testi
mony for the prosecution out, and directed
the jury to acquit Nielsen.
The case has aroused great interest here,
on account of the prominence of Nielsen
and the large amount alleged to have
been taken during a number of years.
CIA IMS THE KASSOI. ESTATE.
Alameda Man Declares He Was the
Dead Rancher's ton.
STOCKTON. Cal., Jaa. 15.— A petition
for a stay in tbe distribution of the estate
of George M. Kasson, deceased, filed by
Attorneys Denson and De, Haven to-day,
promises to create a sensation in this
county. Several months ago, Kasson,
one of the wealthiest ranchers of San Joa
quin County, died leaving an estate valued
at $250,000. At the time of toe filing of
the will for probate there war* a great con
troversy among attorneys as to who would
represent the absent heirs, of whom there
are a number in the Eastern and Middle
States.
The estate was about to be distributed
when George H. Llndy of Alameda, to-day
throiißh his attorneys, petitioned the Su
perior Court to cite all the claimants to
show cause why it should not all be turned
over to him.
The petition is very brief, but it alleges
that Lmdy is the only and the legitimate
son of the wealthy San Joaquin rancher.
Kasson was always neld in high esteem
in this county and no one, not even his
intimates, ever heard of his having a son
by a former marriage or otherwise. For
this reason the petition causes much com
ment here. The claims of L'.ndy will be
bitterly opposed by the heirs named in
the will.
GUESTS OF MENLO PARK.
Visiting Native Sons Entertained at a
Banquet by Ihe Local
Parlor,
REDWOOD CITY. Cal., Jan. 15.— A
special meeting of tne Native Sons of the
Golden West was held at this place last
night in honor of Grand Lecturer Conley,
who is on a tour of inspection of the par
lors throughout the State.
After a rousing meeting here the parlor
adjourned in a body and drove down to
Menlo Park to attend installation exer
cises. There a hearty reception was ac
corded the visitors and a few friends of
the parlor who were invited to be present.
They were loaded with all manner of
edibles, drinkables and smokibles, so that
those who came hungry went away sated
and those who came thirsty had their
thirst quenched.
Past President Hall of Menlo Parlor
acted as toastmaster. Among those who
responded to toasts were Grand Lecturer
Conley, Grand Secretary Lunstedt, Past
Grand President Decker, District Deputy
Grand President Kincaid and others.
SAX MATEO OIL FIELDS.
Wells to Be Sunk Xenr Halfmoon Ray
and San Gregorio.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 15,—
Pacific Coast Oil Company, of which
Charles N. Felton is president, has leased
the Schubert ranch near Halfmoon Bay
and the Bell ranch at San Gregorio for ten
years. The lands are rich In oii and the
object in leasing them is to sink oil wells.
Tho operations are to be carried on on a
quite extensive scale, it being reported
that not less than $100,000 is to be spent
in the enterprise. That the plan is a
KEW TO-DAT.
feff DEIMRTLTiE!
SPECIAL SALE
"^w- rootTSerbs,
One of ' "
Our Customers. ETC
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY!
NOTE PRICES :
Sanaparllla Boot per pound 20c
Sage. "'' '* 25c
tee una Leaves " " 20c
Dog-grass " " 20c
Sassafras Bark ' — •• " 15c
Chamomile Flowers «■ *** 23c
Juniper Berries...... «'. " ' 15c
Elder Flowers... " '• 25c
Buchu Leaves...... . «' '• 25c
Marsh JJa110w.......... " " 3;>c
White Oak Bark " " 20c
Boneset " " 25c
Catnip " '■ 25c
Horehpund ...... ;...; ( .. •• " gfic
All others at proportionately low prlres.
•JfS- We guarantee all our herbs the FRESHEST
money can buy.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
9G3Marl_et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL., :
KEARNY - AND . WASHINGTON STS.— REJ.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & ou
European plan. : Rooms 50e to 91 50 per . day, $ J .
to $_ per week, $8 to S_t> per montu: treo oath.;
hot aud cold water every room; j fl_« fccatet .4
1 ever/ room; elevator run- -U-igac
feasible one is evidenced by the fact that
walls sunk in the same neighborhood are
now yielding a good supply of oil, being
pumped out abtout twice a week*. Tr ;
company has already contracted with the
owner of one of the sawmills in the neigh
borhood of San Gregorio for a large quan
tity of heavy timbers, j
Storm Off the Lower Coast.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 15. — The
steamer Mexico arrived this morning
twelve hours late from San Francisco ami
intermediate ports. Captain Jepsen says
-.ue worst storm he ever experienced off
the San Diego coast was encountered by
the Mexico. The Santa Cruz arrived at
noon with a big cargo consigned to the
Government fortification contractors ou
Ballast Point.
ic*_rw to-day:
ENGLAND VS., AMERICA.
The Extent of the Coffee Habit.
When one notices the difference in the
average people of England and America
regarding their diet and digestive abilities
some natural inquiries come up. What
does the Englishman eat tbat gives him
such good digestion, and what is the rea-
son for so much dyspepsia among
Americans?
Rudyard Kipling makes out a "pie belt"
through New England and says its path-
way is strewn with dyspeptics. The
American's love for lard-loaded pastry is
probably the cause of some trouble, but
the apparently harmless coffee is without
doubt the fatherof more stomach troubles
in America than any other item of food or
drink. Great Britain consumes about
30,000,000 pounds of coffee annually, while
America disposes of something like 330,-
-000,000, nearly or quite eleven times as
much.
Analytical chemistry discovers the same
poisonous alkaloids in coffee as are found
in strychnine, morphine, tobacco and
whisky.
These slight poisons taken daily accum-
ulate until the effect on the nerves and
stomach is pitiable with some people (who
are peculiarly susceptible to poisons), the
doses are continued irom day to day with-
out knowledge of what is so surely destroy-
ing the power of nerves and stomach.
It is a trial to give up coffee, but a new
beverage has made its appearance on the
market, which is so like Java coffee in its
deep seal brown color and assuming the
rich golden brown of thick Mocha when
cream is added, that lovers of coffee who
are denied its use, because of the effects,
can adopt this new food drink freely.
The change in taste is so slight that many
do not discover that any change has been
made. The new product is called Postum,
and it is asserted by the manufacturers,
the Postum cereal Company Limited,
Battle Creek, Mich., that it consists
wholly and solely of wheat and other
cereals, carefully cooked and roasted in
different ways. When tbe parts are
mixed or blended a perfect breakfast bev-
erage, it true health coffee results, which
contains the nourishing and healthful
properties of the grains intended by
nature for man's subsistence.
It is worthy the trial of any one who has
trouble with coffee, or whodesire** to recu-
late their habits with due regard to health
and longevity.
There is but one genuine original Pos-
tum Cereal coffee with a multitude of imi-
tations offered as "just as cood."
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦»!
: Dr.. Martin's !
♦ ♦
I Pain Curer I
♦ ♦
♦ Is Hot Stuff, ♦
♦ • - . .>-*' - '*■■; %
♦ But Will Not Blister or Barn. J
♦ *
For internal use, diluted with water, it <»
*> is an agreeable medicine to take ....__
♦ ♦
♦ 25c, 50c and SI Per Bottle. £
% All druggists sell it %
<KH>O-CK><><KK><>o-0-
AN EXCELLENT
"W 7I"C A T Properly prepared and
IV/| M *_k I promptly served, can
■*__-__* .Li—/ always b^ obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T~\ AT A •'I !"
Most Popular r ALACh
Dining Apart- * il-l-*il.V-*lJ___l
ment in town, ntnim.^ " ——a—
<KK><K><><>O-C><>-0-CH>
DR.MCOTLTY.
""PHIS WELLKXOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
J- Specialist cures rrlvate.Nervous.llloodfciid Skiu
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily:6:3otoB.*ioev'-rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free aud sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McNITI/TY, M. ».,
2B« Kearny Street. Nan Frnnrlwu, Cai.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL APHIIODISIAC AND
specific tome for the sexual and urinary or-rana
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own Merits; ■
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & KKCXE, Agents,
323 Market St., S. l*.-(Send for Circular)
1 iCtermanent CURE I
? of tho most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and s
< Gleet, guaranteed ln from 3 to 6 days; noS
C other treatment required, and without the nau->
C Ecatlng results of dosing with CufcebB,Copalb*s
< or Sandal-Wood. J. Kerr* & Co., Ourcessors to>
C Brou\. Pharn-iaci^jl^jjs^A^taH druggists. >
PChlehestei'. En_ll.h Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-£****-v - Original »*■-• Only Grantee. A
I'll n%\ i* Ft _ •■*"»•'■ rellatls. l-dics ... /f\
_!_ZLS-__k Dru «f_* *> Chichettert Snqlith Diet- Jf%\
J^iyPyWPCimoTK* Br mid in Red and Ooid meullloxVQr
T« _^jfvabo*i«. sailed with blue rtbbon. Take \y .
•re* V^ Wf -0 otber. Refute dangerous euhetiff V
1/ ' {If I *"* an d imitations. At Dran*Uti,«rMOd _«,
I X _jf ;?_!**»?■_? _ fcr ■jartiealua, tntiaicalala aad .
V ~ fa* _, K * Uef '" Ua," in letter, by retnrm
m \. —if— Mall. IO.OOOT-.tiraonl.l.. Same roper.
iziaheZli —?} #***f c a.tmltal Oa.,Uadl«on a^uara,
KHflttf •■!_«_. _ru if i»*j_l_U--.P»
LfJ* I M-- 05m. 5 L______J-__!h
SUVVF Vnil "^re'T/ioat, Pimples, CwpflrH
Jwgnri" lf; lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.ws
fa 'sers in llouth, llair-l*'i_lln^f Write < OOKfiSj
SBKr.MEDY CO., SOT Masonic Temples*!]
fHJChica->'*->, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupt-ffl
!-?2ital, SSOO^OOO. Worst cases cured In 2.&U9
gMjto OS days. 100-page book. flfee. fej
STOPiUM
The pura essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without ?ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach i
no TomitaiK : no costlvcnet-s ; no headache. All Druggists.
— — wm ■■■maim n mini i i , ihm^J^ .
oosMOi?6iji , r__.w, . ;
Opposite U. R. Mint,: 100 and 102 Fifth St. Has
Francisco, <'al. —The m»3t . select family hotel la
the city. Board and room fl,*l 25 and $1 50 Per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms 50a
and 76c a day. Free coach to and from the noiet.
_ook for thu coao* bearinfi tha name of the __» .
mououta- Had. WAS. tfAiifiV. PwwiatafcBUDD DECLARES
A LEGAL HOLIDAY
Defeat of the Funding Bill
to Be Celebrated
To-Day.
■■ I - ■ ■
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter Will
Preside Over To-Night's
Meeting.
Speeches by Prominent Peop c, Mu*ic
ani Fireworks Will Make Up
the Programme.
At the request of prominent citizens,
among them Mayor James D. Phelan,
who desire to celebrate the defeat of the
funding bill, Governor Budd has declared
to-day a legal holiday.
His proclamation, issued late yesterday,
is as follows:
Whereas, The people of the State of Califor
nia have, by petition, by ina=s-meeting and
through the "press, urged Congress to defect
the Pacific railroad funding measure; ana
whereas, in this Mate the conventions- of the
great Natiunai political parties hare, througn
their platforms, declared strongly against •
such refunding schemes; and whereas, the
. present Legislature lias (as did its predeces
irs), by a unanimous vote, instructed the
Senators from California and requested its
.Representatives in Congress to use all honor
able means to defeat the railroad funding bills
pending in such body; and whereas, the House
of Representatives of these United States, in
compliance with the expressed wishes, peti
tions and instructions of this State aforesaid,,
did on the llth aay of January, 1897, refuse
to pass the fat-ding bill then pending in said
b dy, and did defeat the same; and whereas,
it is meet and proper when the United States
Congress acts on the petition of a State in a
matter of such grave importance that the ap
preciation of such State should be expressea
in a befitting manner;
Now, therefore, by reason of the premises
and for the purpose of voicing the apprecia
tion and pleasure of the people of this State
over the compliance of the # House of Represen
tatives with .our express request, I, James H,
Budd, Governor of the State of California, do
hereby proclaim and appoint Saturday, Janu
ary 16, A. D. 1807, a legal hollo ay.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set ray
hand and caused the great seal of the Slate of
California to be hereunto affixed this 15th day
of January, A. D. 1897.
James H. BrDD. Governor.
L. H. Brown, Secretary of State.
Owing to the fact that the news of the
proclamation did not reach the City Hall
until many of the municipal departments
had closed for the day, some of the offices
will be open for business this morning,
but all will close early.
At the celebration this evening Lieuten
ant-Governor Jeter will preside. Governor
Budd was asked to occupy the seat of
honor, but he was compelled to decline in
order to fill an important, engagement at
Stockton, and suggested the Lieutenant-
Governor. The latter, in response to a
telegram, said that he would bs pleased to
come down from Sacramento to take part.
The following will deliver five to ten
minute speeches:
Hon. E. W. McKinstry, Congressman-elect
de Vries, Senator FraiiC-, Hon. George A.
Knight, Hon. John T. Doyle, Hon. Adolph
Sutro, Hon. H. M. La Rue, I. J Truman, Mayor
Jam-is D. Phelan, Walter Me Arthur, Hon.
Henry E. High'on, Robert Y. Hayne, Hon. L.
P. IMcKisick, Hon. M. M. Estee, Hon. W. T.
Jeter, James H. Barry, Dr. C. A. Clinton, M. M.
Bunker, Hon. Frank Coombs (Speaker of the
Assembly), Hon. W. W. i'oote. ■****■
Singing by a quartet, music by a band
and hreworts will complete the pro
gramme. _______________
STIERLEN'S LETTERS.
Ex-Judge Sanderson Testifies He Placed
Them in the County Clerk's
Offlce.
Ex-Judge A. A. Sanderson appeared in
Judge Belcher's court yesterday in re
sponse to a citation served by Attorney
Monteith touching certain letters hitherto
offered in the case of Alfred Isson against
George Stierlen. . •
Isson sued Stierlen, his brother-in-law,
alleging that Stierlen had alienated the
affections of Mrs. Isson. To prove this
assertion he produced some letters that
were written by Stierlen to Mrs. Is
son. The letters fell into Isson's hands
by reason of tbe fact that his wife was
drowned at sea while on her way from San
Francisco to their home in Mexico.
Attorney Eisner, representing Stierlen,
began to make technical objections to the
examination, but Judge Sanderson asked
that no objection be placed in Mr. Mon
teijh's way. He said the letters were
placed in his keeping by the attorneys in
the case; that they were called for by the'
Unite! States postal authorities, and sub
sequently were returned to him, after
which he placed them among the papers
in the case in the County Clerk's office.
He does not know what has become of
them since, but Believes Mr. Monteith
could find them if he made a caieful
search.
Judge Belc' er remarked that he had no
objection to the making of a statement by
Judge Sanderson, but it appeared that
Mr. Monteith had not laid a proper foun
dation for the present inquiry, and the
motion to produce paperA would' be de
nied and the citation discharged.
THE BILL-POSTEBS MEET.
Elect Officer*, I>I«oum Art and Catchy
Things Generally in Advertising.
The members of the Pacific. Coast Bill
posters' Association, representing the
States of California, Oregon, Washington,
Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada and Utah,
met at the Russ House yesterday after
noon and last night. W. H. Lee of Santa
Rosa, the president, called the meeting to
order and made a brief and interesting
speech setting forth the progress made in
the art of bill-posting. The reports of the
secretary and treasurer showed the asso
ciation in a healthy condition financially
and that there were sixty-five members,
with many applications from persons de
sirous of becoming members.
Officers were elected for the ensuing year
as follows: W. H. Lee of Santa Rosa,
president; W. G. Humphrey, Stockton,
vice-president; J. H. Simpson, San Fran
cisco, secretary; W. A. Caswell, Sacra
mento, treasurer. . •
Modern methods in bill-posting were
discussed." It was Drought out that one of
the most vital tilings in reierence to bill
posting was to furnish vouchers to adver
sers showing. that the bills ordered, had
actually' been posted and where the post
ing was dona. Invitations were received
from the theaters offering seats to the
members. An invitation* was also ex
tended by the California Adsigns Com
pany for a drive in the park to-day and a
luncheon at the Ci iff House. These will
probably be accepted.
Emergency Home Benefit.
An entertainment will be given January 21
for the benefit of the Emergency Home. The'
programme is as follows: Overture, Blah
chard's orchestra; Girls' Alumna? Glee Club,
under the direction of Philip Wand and Stuart
Carter, from the Olympic Club; soprano solo,
"To Seville.** Miss Caroline ScMudlcr;* acro
batic act, " C. Stegman, J. Toohig mil B. Mc-
Naliv, from the Acme Athletic Club; Knicker
bocker Quartet, C. M. Elliot, I). B. Crane, D.
M. Lawrence and L. A. Lar^en; violin solo,
Arthur Johannscn; lightning sketches by
Jimmie Swinnerton of the. Examiner; charac
ter sketch, Dana Thompson and Frank Duck
from Olympic Club Minstrels. Dancinc and
refreshments are included in the price of ad-
I
mission. The music for dancing will be by
Blanchard's orchestra. A rehearsal by volun
teers will take place Wednesday, January 20,
ax Native Sons' Hall, at 3^30 p. M.
WATCHING FINANCES.
Supervisors Will Retrench to Avoid
Deficiencies in Municipal Funds
During. t«e Year.
The proceedings of the meetings of the
committees, of tie Board of SuDervisors
suggest that retrenchment in municipal
offices and departments will be the order
for the present at least.
The Finance Committee at its session
yesterday arranged for a meeting in the
Mayor's office with President Sabin of the
telephone company. Supervisor Rottanzi
has taken the lead i*n economy in the
matter of telephones' and will try to see
that a contract advantageous to the City
is made. -—,*';
The bills for meat/ furnished the jails
were c.osely scrutinised and signatures
withheld. The iceman's account for cool
in * material for the .filter in the Clerk's
office was also the subject of comment. It
was thought that f- a month was too
much and that the expense. must be cut
down.
The Street Lights Cofmmittee is also pre
paring to retrench. Tl;ie overdrafts on the
street lights fund haa left very little for
the new committee to ': work on for some
time to come, and the. matter will be re
ported at the next meeting of the board
with a suggestion that, all light, that can
be dispensed with be turned off.
The committee will probably recom
mend t'. at during the night of full moon
and for two nights preceding and follow
ing full moon no light ts be lit. By this
means a further deficiency may be avoided.
OAKLAND CREEK BRIDGE
The War Department Grants a
Fifteen Months' Extension
of Time.
The Cost of $80,000 Will Be Borne
Equally by Alameda County
and the Railroad.
The probability is that there will be only
one new bridge acinus Oakland I Creek,
between Oakland and Aiameda, instead of
two. Word was received at the Southern
Pacific Railroad offices yesterday that Sec-
retary of War Herbert had granted an ex
tension of time in which to arrange the
proposed consolidation of the Alameda
County Supervisors and the Southern
Pacific in regard to th. construction of a
combination bridge. . The original time
would have expired next August, but the
extension gives about fifteen months from
this date in which to construct the bridge.
The next thing in order now is a con
ference between the Supervisors of Ala
meda County and the Southern Pacific
officials in regard to ! the plans of the
bridge. .No time has : been set for this
meeting, but it will doubtless be held soon,
as all the time granted' will douotless be
consumed.in building the bridge. " -
The combination bridge will be one of
the finest in the State. 'It will be a steel
structure with stone ahutments. The
draw will be 150 feet wide. The cost of
the new structure will be about $80,000.
The location of the bridge has not yet
been finally determined. It may replace
the present structure at Webster avenue
or be built between that avenue and Alice
street. • . *■■ '• . . -
The plans will, in all probability, be
made by the Southern Pacific. No work
to speak of has yet been done upon them,
and the details are therefore not deter
mined. It is considered probable that
the wagon and pedestrian floor will be
above the railroad tracks-"-".''-', .* ;>-".L;-\
United. Brewers Sued for Damagog.
Henry A. Helwegen has sued the San Fran
cisco Breweries (Limited) for $6925 damages,
alleging that the company broke its contract
to let him have the exclusive agency of Fred
ericksburg beer in the State of Washington.
GREAT JOY IN CHICAGO.
Mr. Plotke's Anii-Hai-in-the- Theater Or
dinance Becomes a Law
Right Away.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 15.— The ordinance
passed by the City Council two weeks
ago against the wearing of head
gear in theaters and % amusement bouses
during the performance, and mak
ing the management liable to a fine
of $25 for each offense, was vetoed by
Mayor Swift to-night, and a, substitute
ordinance less sweeping in its scope was
passed and signed by the Mayor.
There was some question as to the le
gality of Plotke'a anti-hat ordinance, since
it provided no penalty against the wearer,
and to-night Mayor Swift suggested a sub
stitute. The* penalty is directed '.against
the woman who persists in wearing her
hat at a theater, making her liable to a
fine of $3. :•;:
The management, by the new ordinance,
is exonerated from any responsibility.
The ordinance will go into effect , to
morrow. . '.''•'■
By. the terms of the ordinance the per
sons cuiity of the offense are not to be in
terrupted during the entertainment. < *
At its completion an officer may be
called and* the guilty one, if she desires,
may pay the fine then* and' there to tho
police and receive a receipt for it. In this
way she can escape arrest.
Wild Flight of an Electric Car.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 15.— morn
ing, an electric car on the Pennsylvania
avenue line became uncontrollable on ihe
heavy grade on West Main street. It was
impossible to stop its wild flight. When
the car struck the [ Thirty-fifth street
curve it was running at a frightful speed,
it left the track, . crashing into a large'
telegraph pole at' the curb. The car was
split in twain and the passengers hurled
in' all directions. The car was pacKed with
passengers, and , there ' was the wildest ex
citement, amounting to a panic. It was
miraculous that there was not loss of life.
. Maine's population increased more than
16,000 during the last year. . .--
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
BE MAY SING
"ROSIE O'GRADY"
A Jury Decided This Yes
terday With Very
. Little Delay.
Little Johnny Robertson's Sweet
Songs Are Not to Be
. . Suppressed.
One Striking Instance of How Juries
Will Decline to Enforce an* .
Unpopular Law.
Police Judge Campbell and a jury of
men, tried and true, spent all yesterday
afternoon trying to discover whether W.
H. Leahey of the Tivoli had committed- a
grievous crime by paying little 12-year
old Johnny Robertson $15 a week to sing
: 'Rosie O'Grady" in a spectacular extrava
ganza called "Jack and the Beanstalk."
The jury ignored the technicalities of
the law and set the Tivoli people free, on
the broad ground that the evidence
showed that the agents of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Children origi
i nally investigated the cape and said there
: was no violation of the law.
There is in this State a law which makes
I it a crime, per se, as the lawyers say, to
| hire any person under 16 years of age to
sing on a stage. • The law was originally
passed by the staid old citizens of the
New England States, who anciently
looked upon theaters as allies of the evil
one. The following gentlemen as jurors
freed the defendant in less than two min
utes: Richard Rosing, Dan Mahony,
Horace Wilson, Monroe. Harris, E. B.
Clausuns, J. J. Crow.J. D. Long, H. Wall,
S.Jonas. M. Collins, N. Wertz.
The law plainly says tbat any person,
whether parent, guardian or employer of
any child under the age of lfi years,- who
shall "exhibit, use or employ said child
in the vocation of singing, playing or
walking a rope," shall, etc., etc., be con
! sidered a criminal, and as such be subject
| to puni-jhment. But the jury would not
i enforce the law, would not have the ver
i diet the way of the code.
. There was absolutely no contest about
the facts in the case. The boy swore he was
12 years of ape, that be sang night after
night at the Tivoli, that he was hired and
i paid so to do by the managers.
Manager Leahey swore to facts com
pletely corroborative of the boy's story,
adding that Secretary Holbrook, Officer
McMurray and others of the society had
seen the performance and decided that it
was not objectionable; that ihey had al
lowed Gertie Carlisle and other children
to sing at the Baldwin and elsewhere
without molestation, and had pounced
j upon the Tivoli.
Attorney Jobn T. Dare spoke with due
j dignity for the Sti*.te. Attorney Loewen
; thai, ior the theater, took the broad view
! that the lav**** was ridiculous, praised the
proprietors of the theater for the charities
and the case was won.
Manager Leahey swore that the child
was not overworked, and the boy said: "It
is a pleasure to sing, your Honor." It
j waa shown that the boy is getting a musi
i cal education at the Tivoli; that he goes
! home at 11 p. m. nightly with his mother
| and gets $15 a week for his services.
THE HOPKINS MILLIONS.
Next of Kin Suing the Chief Heir for an
Accounting Under an Original
Agreement.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15 -Three
more suits, it was stated yesterday, are to
be brought against Edward F. Searles,
who inherited the Hopkins millions on
the death of his wife, Mrs. Hopkins-
Searles, and incidentally a bit of legal
gossip was made public concerning the
enormous fees . paid the lawyers who
handled the estate. Butler, -Stillman &
Hubbard of this city were afterward en
gaged to manage the vast estate, and it is
now said : that for this service they re
ceived $1,800,000 down and a substantial
percentage of future profits. x
Eugene Hanscheck of the firm of Han
echeck & Norton of 96 Broadway, is au
thority for this statement. His clients
are C. N. and G. J. Hebbard and Mrs.
Amelia Hebbard Wheeler,' cousins of Mrs.
Hopkins-Searles. They were among the
next of kin who contested the will. The
case was tried in Essex County, Mass.,
1892, and Mr. Searles agreed to a settle
ment.
•Timothy Hopkins, the adopted son of
Mark Hopkins, and the chief claimant,
accepted $6,000,000, ; and the: Hebbards
say. they were promised $25,000 each by
General Hubbard as their share in the
•settlement. ' Some of the money has been
paid them, but the greater portion has not
been forthcoming, they say, and they are
now suing for the original amount^ in the
Supreme Court. The cases, have been
placed on preferred-cases . calendar ; and
will soon be tried. . _..-'
Mr. Bearles is living in Massachusetts.
He has spent about $8,000,000 of the $18,-'
000,000 left him by his wife in hushing the
clamor of ; the several contestants of ' the
will. The estate has 'increased in equal
amount, and be is now amusing himself
•by spending some of the millions in build
iog a* baronial castle after his own designs
on an island off the coast of Maine.
;■ General Roloff Arrested.
NEW YORK.' N. V., ; Jan. General
Carlos Iloloff, the Secretary of War "of the
Cuban -republic, was arrested : ! last night
on a warrant J sworn. out', by the Spanish
Consul. The general was charged with a
violation of the 1 - neutrality. laws in con
nection with an alleged filibustering ex
pedition to Cuba. He was locked up over
night and brought before Commissioner
Shields this morning. ..His friends are in
dignant at the arr**St. ; It was so aimed
as to make incarceration certain.', General
Rolcff is under another indictment for al
leged participation in a filibustering ex
pedition. Warrants are out for several
other persons. General Roioff was bailed
for $2500. His examination will be to
morrow. V; _'.• • , ■ ».-
Wreck of a Mail Steamer.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15. —The
Herald's special cable from Valparaiso,
Chile, says: A telegram received here
via Montevideo says that the mail steamer
Corcovado. bound for Liverpool, was
wrecked off Cape Virgen, Straits of Ma
gellan. ________________
CHANGE OF AGENCY.
We respectfully beg to inform the trade
that we have this day intrusted I
7 V ' 7 Air.' John Caffrey,
.21 Sutter street,
with the management of our wine de
partment. * .
Besides Pommery and Greno Cham
pagne, Herikell & Co. Hocks and Journu
Freres, Kappelhoff & Co. clarets. Mr.
Caffrey represents, as heretofore, Apolli
naris Natural Mineral Water, Apenta
Hungarian Bitter Water and Friedrich
shali Bitter Water. .
Charles Graef & Co..
. New York.
SAYS COONEY WAS A TOOL
District Attorney Barnes Thinks
the Case Against Him Is
a Strong One.
No More Arrests Will Bj Mad?. Until
After the Preliminary Hear
ing N.*xt We k.
George Knight and Charles Heggerty
both reiterated yesterday that the arrest
of ex-Notary James. J. Cooney was but
the first move in a series of criminal prose
cutions growing out of the suits brought
by Mrs. Nettie R. Craven against the heirs
to the Fair estate. >^X' r
"I cannot say just when, but all the
parties to this conspiracy will be arrested
in due time we. don't propose to allow
one of them to escape," said George
Knight. "With regard .to James J.
Cooney, we feel rather sorry for him. than
otherwise's We believe he has been the
tool of others. We have absolute proof of
his guilt and, of course, the guilt of the
others. '
"We may or may not have the com
plaints sworn to, and the prosecutions be
gun before the trial of the . ejectment suit
conies on, but in any case the prosecu
tions will be made."
District Attorney Barnes made a state
ment of similar import. He said he had
no hesitation in declaring it as his opin-.
ion that the pencil deeds were part of a
gigantic conspiracy, and that unless he
had reason to change his opinion all the
parties, suspected would be arrested. He
said he did not believe in moving too fast,
however, in such a serious matter.
"I shall try out the' truth of the theory
we are working upon in the preliminary
hearing of Cooney next week," be said.
"If my conclusions le correct Cooney will
be shown to be merely a misguided tool in
thje hands of bold conspirators. We in
tend to exhaust every resource to bring
the principals to justice.
"It will be my duty to prefer additional
charges against Cooney, but I snail do so
only as a matter of form, and I shall ask
the court to allow him to go under these
upon his . own ■ recognizance.' Tbe case
against Cooney," continued the District
Attorney, "seems to be impregnable, but
until it is heard and Cooneys given a
chance to explain all the circumstances
that indicate his guilt. I do not desire to
cause any more arrests."
Atlantic and Pacific's Affairs.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— T0-day
was the last day for the deposit of Atlan
tic and Pacific Railroad Company's 4 per
cent guaranteed trust gold bonds with
the State Trust Company, -New- York, on
the Shawmut National Bank, Boston.
The deposits must be accompanied with
the payment of $50 per bond, and unless
they are < made * to-day . bondholders .will
not be entitled .to share in the protection
to be offered by the American and foreign
committees at the. coming foreclosure
sale. -. ■:.""■-
Director T. P. Fowler of the Atchison
Railroad Company says in relation to the
efforts \ that are ; being made toward an
agreement between the Atchison and Pa
cific and Santa , Fe companies: 7 "Negotia
tions are still pending. Nothing definite
as. to details, ; however, has been ar
ranged. There is a constant interchange
of views with Europe on the part of both
interests.";' *
Murdered for Rife Insurance.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Jan. James
Moody, John. Johnson and Mrs. William
Jones are under arrest, chargea with hav
ing plotted to ; murder William Jones for
his life insurance, amounting to $2000, and
payable to his wife. The police were,
warned and :at once made , the arrests.
The: prisoners were bound over to await:
♦he action of the. Grand Jury, ; and; the
police claim a perfect case against them.
Members of the Royal Academy.
LONDON, Est}., Jan. 15. —John Sargent
has been elected a member of , the -Royal
Academy and Messrs. Alfred Parsons and
J. J. Shannon have been elected associates
of the same bodies. .All three are artists
of note. i •
Close of a Florida Bank.
WASHINGTON, D.C.,; Jan. 15.—
Merchants' National Bank at Ocala, Fla.,
closed \ to-day. Its capital is : $100,000" and
its J liabilities * $154,000. ;,- Bank Examiner
Shubrick is in charge.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THEY DID NOT
MAKE EXPENSES
Peculiar Situation as a Re
sult of the Butte- Olympic
\ Football Game.
Charity Seems to Owe Them
Money, Although It . Was
Supposed to Be a Benefit.
••. --
*-v .--**** *
The Teams Will : Draw „■ More . Money
Than the First Agreement
S.-emed to Allow.
I The Butte-Olympic football game onJNew
Year's day has developed some complica
tions that may result in charity actually
owing money to the two teams that agreed
and were permitted to play an exhibition
game for the poor and needy.
According to one of the Olympic mana
gers, who entered his claim last night at
the meeting of the board ol managers of
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Union, the gross gate receipts at that
game were only $1100 55, for several hun
ured of tne spectators were admitted on"
complimentary tickets.
Tne expenses of the Olympic team alone
forUiat game were $588 35.
Now, when the Buue team shall have
put in its bill for expenses, assuming that
they would probably, be more man those
of tne home .team, the question naturally
arises, Was ihe .game a benefit or an ex
pensive luxury to charity? • -t ■. '.t^u^t;
1 Had the match been played as originally
arranged and not as. a compromise semi
professional exhibition, Olympic was to
nave received 35 per cent of the gate re
ceipts. As a charity game, with full
expenses allowed, Olympic would receive
about $-00 more than it would otherwise
have got. ' ■:."''■ . -. •'■ : --- ■ ; j
But the president of the Pacific-Ama
teur Union positively declares that in the«
presence of witnesses he permitted the
game,, with the professionals in it, only as
an exhibition fur chanty : and . with no
other expenses to be considered except
the rent and preparation of the grounds
and the printing of advertisements for tne
game. ' -V. '
Ano.her special meefins of the Pacific
Association will be held at the Olympic
Club next Tuesday nignt to hear the testi
mony ot all concerned- in the agreement
tor the charity game and- especially to
give President Fitzgerald of the Reliance
Ciub an opportunity to appear on bebalx
of the Butte team and act as its represen
tative when the final charge of .profes
sionalism shsjl be considered.
Piesident Alien and Secretary Cook of
the suspended Acme Athletic Club ap
peared at the meeting, last night and
placed the responsibility for the club's
suspension from amateur standing upon
the shoulders of one of the Acme Club'
directors, who, it was claimed, personally
and without authority arranged and ob
tained amateur sanction for tlie recent
boxing bout between Tighe and Muller,
which the association declared was a pro
fessional match.
This matter will,' however, be given
another. special hearing at the special
meeting next Tuesday night. The sus
pension, of the Acme Club for thirty days
virtually prevents any of its members
: from competing as representatives of the
club during that time. Some of therm, it
is said, will com pete in cycle-races with
the permission of the representative of
the League of American Wheelmen.
In ; this connection it was stated last
night that the Amateur Athletic Union of
America is at present. taking steps that
will shortly result in an official dissolution
of the alliance that has heretofore existed
between that organization and the League
of ■ American Wheelmen. This . in effect
means that hereafter the Amateur Ath
letic Union purposes to be its own judge
of all branches of amateur sports, includ
ing cycling. '
A permit was granted the Olympic Club
for a coast championship wrestling tourna
ment, to be held Thursday evening, Janu
ary 28, provided the consent of the North
west Association be obtained also.
The following entries are already in for
the events: .
125 pounds— J. Meaglete, Columbia Athletic
Club; H. Gelder, Oikland Athletic Club; F.
Butler, Olympic Club.
135 pounds— J. J. Phillips, Olympic Club;
L. Mambock. Columbia Athletic Club; F. G.
Ely. Olympic Club.
145 pounds'— G. Eckhardt, Olympic Club;
R. VVixson, Oakland Athletic Club; J. J. Con
lan, Columbia Athletic Club; • F. G. Ely,
Olympic Club. . — - -
158 pounds— B. Cornell, Olympic Club;
G. Hildebrant, Olympic Club; c. Petersen,
Columbia Athletic Club; D. Mahoney, Olym
pic Club; F. Hoffmann, Sau Francisco Turn
Vereln. '*'■•■■
Heavy-weight— R. B. Cornel!, Olympic Club;
D. Mahoney, Olympic Club; Charles Petersen,
Columbia Athletic Club; G. Hildebrant,
Olympic Club.
Special match at 136 pounds— N. Brown,
Multnomah Athletic Cub of Portland.Jand C.
T. Kreling, Olympic Club.
'.: An application for a boxing tournament
fOr Tuesday, January 26, was made by the
Reliance Club, and permission ordered
granted if conditions were ■ found favor
able. .-'.• ■ ' *• -"• ■ <'■■-' • ■ *.;.
WEEKLY BAXK STAIEMEXT.
Money Cheaper in Xexo York Than Any
where Else in the Wr.rld.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15—
weekly statement of the Associated Banks,
to be issued to-morrow, will show a large
increase in the cash on . hand as ' the con
sequence of an unusual state of affairs in
the money market. About a month. ago
the presidents and other leading officers
of some forty banks belonging to the
Clearing-house attended a dinner at the
Union League : Club, given by Henry W.
Cannon, president of tne Chase National
Bank. T''i^ngyWtSM*&JJrlllftllAl^ 1 >yW^WilP'Wlii j__il!3l jjf-ijlt"
.. At this gathering an understanding was"
reached that no call loans, or, in other
words, loans payable on demand, should
be made at a fate less than ' 2 per cent per
annum. For three or four weeks previously
most of the call loans had been made at
I}>_ per cent. At this rate the banks did
not consider that they ; were receiving an
adequate return for their money. „ ,< l:i
During the presert week the borrowers,
found that they could obtain money from ;
the trust companies, insurance companies
and other large lenders at 1 per cent. r , ;
Accordingly they shifted their loans to
a large extent; that is, they i paid off the I
loans to the* banks and got - accommo
dated from the lenders, whose rates were
14 per cent lower. The banks secured only:
a small part of the new loans. The ; rapid
accumulation of money in their vaults
which was er.rning not ing at all finally
! brought them to a realization tbat their
' agreement to keep the call loan rate up to
2 per cent could no longer ibe adhered to |
with advantage, and many of them were
accepting offers of 1% percent. : Although i
tne tendency 'i money Jis ..downward all
over the world, it is cheaper in NewV York
than anywhere else, v ;.-
Five Boys- Burned to Death.
DALLAS. Tex., Jan. 15.— Buckners, near
here, was partly destroyed by fire late to
night and five boys were burned' to death,
and : several others J' were burned. The
dead:.' Carlos Jones, ; Birdie Britlon, Mil
ton Britton, Martin ! Britton. Unknown
child. ' *
v • .--.KEW TO-CAT-DHT GOOTI-J
n Y\Yi n ',; * ill
I SPECIAL BARGAINS?
3 TO-NIGHT I
8 FROM 7:30 TILL 10 O'CLOCK. <s"
Q -p — — -S-Ks*S?*€— — — — — O
9 } We say until 10 o'clock, because that is 9
9 our closing hour, but taking past sales as an 9
9 experience we would advise you to come 9
9 around as close to 7:30 as possible. The 9
9 quantities are all large, but not large enough 9
9 for everybody to get some. Take the hint— a 9
9 word to the wise is generally sufficient. 9
I NICKEL ALARM CLOCKS, 59 Cents Each. ?
Y. ♦.'; The regular dollar ijind all over the city. Full size, four-inch dial, with V
P large Roman numbers. We guarantee each one of these clocks to be P
iii perfect timekeepers, and will repair or exchange any oneof them during aaa
"if a yeat's time should they prove otherwise. Only one to a purchaser. i™
I MOTTED FRINGE TOWELS, 15 Cents Each. .' $
iii '. Elegant Pure Linen Damask Towels, handsome borders and long double iii
f|! ' 'knotted fringes on both ends, loveiy patterns, size 43x21 inches, regular 555
"yf value 25c Only sir to a purchaser. "|f
$ WHISK RROOMS, 5 Cents Each. ft
Hi Extra large size, made of firm, pliable corn, double-stitched center?, iii
■SS ' wire-bound handles, capped with plush, regular value 15c each. Only 2!!
"" two to a purchaser. ■*. "f
■jjf LADIES' PLAID WAISTS, 50 Cents Each. '■$
q * Made of fleeced and twilled cloth, in Rob Roy, Victoria, Stuart, Camp- Q
jf .' v .. bell and other Clan Scotch Plaids, new leg-o'-mutton sleeves. lined from JL
P shoulder to wrist. There are four yards of material, worth 12)_c a yard, P .
X ,in each waist, so you get the making, linings and findings for notning. *<
V All sizes among them. Only one to a purchaser. • JL
X PERFUME ATOMIZERS, 17 Cents Each. $
(S '*'•-' Ali Sorts, Kinds and Colors of Bohemian and Imitation Cut Glass, some (*)
V ornamented,- others plain, rubber bulbs, continuous flow. Regular X
P prices from 35q to 50c apiece. Only one to a purchaser. r O
& CHENILLE TARLE COVERS, 25 Cents Each. §
Q Good Heavy Quality, in Red, Pink and Blue Grounds, in handsome O
X center patterns, heavy knotted valance fringe all around. This size is JL
P usually, used for small bric-a-brac tables, pedestals and table centers. P
(< Only two to purchaser. - :■'> A
]][ REAL FRENCH KID CLOVES, 95 Cents Pair. Jf
• S Our Famous "La Mazeno'' grade, each pair stamned "El Perfecto." SSS
fff Genuine French kid, in all colors, such as Tans, Reds, Browns, Grays "f
nt and Navy Blu*.s, eight-button length, glace kid, never sold under $150 111
444 each. Only one pair to a- purchaser. ... :. •' -vv!*-" ; •■■ : :T:>:t.t- 444
.iff-.: ..•■-..* .-- . -•■-. ■-. !f
iii These goods will be for. sale only during the hours iii
■ft named— 7:3o to 10 o'clock-THIS EVENING. None will W
];[■ be laid aside, nor no mail orders for them will be filled. ][[
.*...'
\m 'PROP® o* 3&C, Raixe/r^
i MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
T.HE SIWDJJY GALL.
ll#© fi
The Great . Family ' Newspaper
oF the Pacific Coast
••riroTro^TOTrßTnnrYYT^
■_**3Tnnnr*innnnrff •■ ifirsYvzr^^v
ffffff*™ V ■ :■■ ; - ■:- . • yyyywytj
mnrtirs 555555
ffffff SOUL .HARROWING EXPERIENCES . OF, A ffffff.
ffff|| MAN W.HO CAME BACK, TO LIFE. ;V ffffff :
ffffff. : ; •:-—-: „ S»H'
ffffff DISCOVERY OF A METAL TJIAT DEFIES ffffff:
ffffff ' T.HE LAW. OF GRAVITATION. • :: 3Jgg
■mnrmnr : •.• 555555
*6*nnnnr — mnnnnf
ffffff A DEATHTRAP TUNNEL UNDER T.HE gnßßft;
■J«s4i"- V WAVES AND ITS MYSTERIES; - : HHS
£fi_2_fi_SJl ' JU».J>.B B_9.
fifit^AA — — JUUUUIA
&£££££ TRUE STORY AND RELIABLE DESCRIP- ''-issM-
ooj v o o •■■■*_ •-■■-.-■■■ . SUUULSU*.
f£££|£ TION OF 'CALIFORNIA'S RICH NEW £*£*££
'iiSia-'V-- MINING FIELDS AT RANDSBURG. ££££££
fi _ fifiJLS. ;;! ' ' fiJULSJIfi.
J^^^* —-7 - fiJLOJlfi.
•iSSM : : A WEALTJ4 OF GOOD LITERATURE. "'%'######'*
; 000000 SLiiSLiLSJL
iMM - * - - AAJLfiJL-i
fifififiAfiJLPfi. -_ 2JLSL9JLSL2JUL
fifi^_Q_AfifilifiJLB. „„„ A JUULSJLfifIJ-Lfij2JLfi.
-a*fi^£fij?JLsS
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
56
®te *__. '<&H-
A *."u¥jDAY JANUARY 18, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editpr and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11... . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily ond Sunday Ca__, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65.
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11... 1-50
V> ktKLY Call, one year, by mall • 1 - 6 0
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone .....Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51 Clay Street.
Telephone... ' Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 larkln s:reet: open untll'9:3o o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opei
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street: open until 9 o'c ock.
1305 Toll*, street- or* •*»;■ til 9:80 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooma 31 and 32, M Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL -PEAKS FOR ALL.
Well done, Cuba !^_
The patriots are marching on.
The news will stir the Senators up.
Now we know why Weyler returned to
Havana.
Talk of economy in the Legislature be
gins to sound like a roar.'
McKinley is getting his Cabinet work
down to the finishing touches.
It is high time the march of improve
ment started up Fourth street.
The Cubans have taken the war into
their own hands, and may take Havana
also.
Pasadena and Los Angeles are now ad
vertising themselves as tobogganing re
sorts.
It profited Spain nothing ro kill Maceo
and make way for Gomez to come to the
front.
It is" a pity we cannot kill cinch bills
like cinch bugs by a process of white
washing.
There is a chance now that even Cleve
land may* have a new light and recognize
something.
The Park Commission is willing to meet
the' Grand Jury any day and explain
everything.
_• ■ —
Every State in the Union is in doubt
whether to trust to- the Legislature for
economy or to pray for it.
General Weyler's campaign seems to
have been just sufficiently aggressive to
make the Cubans red hot.
The Code Commission itself has fur
nished the Legislature with enough food
for thought and study for sixty days.
Let us celebrate the defeat of the fund
ing bill, bur let us not forget that ihe war
is not yet at an epd, and another battle is
sight. ______
The temptations "to rake her" will be
as great with this Legislature as with any
of its predecessors, but let us hope it will
resist them.
Huntington is now in favor of a Gov
ernment commission to settle the Pacific
roads debts. Anything to postpone fore
closure suits him.
# •
In the Republican Legislative caucn3 in
New York Mr. Choate had seven votes,
and the world now knows that there are
some mugwumps still living.
People who wish the Legislature to be
economical should begin by urging their
representatives to be economical in asking
for appropriations for their own counties.
We did not need a bureau of highways
to tell us that bad roads cost more than
good ones, but all the same it is just as
well to have the truth repeated in an offi
cial form.
Democrats and Populists will denounce
the Republican majority in the Legisla
ture and charge ti em with extravagance
as a matter of course. What else are their
tongues for?
— *
If California is to have an arch of fruits
and flowers over Pennsylvania avenue on
inauguration day it will have to be erected
by voluntary contributions. The Legisla
ture is not indulging in that kind of State
pride this year. *■;"*,".
The return of Thomas •C. Piatt to the
Senate from New York will be dramatic in
everything except the essential feature of
a drama. The foes who triumphed over
him in the old days are gone, and he re
turns to the arena too late to take up the
old fight and* enjoy a sweet revenge.
The supporter of Joseph H. Choate in
the Republican caucus at Albany who de
clared his name was familiar as a house
hold word throughout the Union, and
then voted for him as Joseph F. Choate,
was most undeservedly laughed at. His
candidate is familiarly known as Joe
Ohoate.
«
The bill of Senator Androns making it
a misdemeanor to advertise lotteries or
the results of drawings should find strong
support from all parts of the State. . These
swindling schemes can never be sup
pressed as long as they are permitted to
advertise and delude the people into the
bnhef that they ready pay prizes.
As a result of enforced idleness among
the prisoners of Kings County peniten
tiary in New York there have been
twenty-two attempts at suicide- and three
attempts at murder Within nine days, and
yet in the* New York clubs there are
plenty of fellows who are idle for months
without getting .'.restless-..* The trouble
seems to be with the convicts that the
idleness is forced on them. It is compul
sion that grinds.
If our Scottish fellow-citizens seriously
undertake the work of raising the neces
sary funds to erect a worthy monument to
Burns they will not lack for assistance
from the people generally. Burns is some
thing more than the poet of Scotland he
is the poet of humanity — and all who
value manhood more than rank and title
will aid in raising a monument to him
who sang the great song, "The rank is but
the guinea stamp, the man's the man lor
a' that." : ,
M'KINLEY'S CABINET.
The announcement by-Senator Sherman
that he had been offered ana has accepted
the office of Secretary oi State in the Cab
inet of President McKinley settles the
point of greatest difficulty which has been
experienced in making up the new admin
istration. ' With this office arranged for
the rest of the work of forming the Cabi
net will go forward rapidly and within a
few days we may know who are to be the
heads of all the great departments of the
Government under the new President.
It cannot be denied that the elevation
of Senator Sherman to the office of Secre
tary ol State is something of an experi
ment. The Senator has long been eminent
in finance, but has no established repute
in foreign affairs. Though he has been
lons*; in the Senate and has taken part in
debating all great questions of interna
tional policy which have come before that
body in the last thirty years, he has not
identified himself with any important
measure affecting our foreign relations.
The inclination of his mind has been
toward monetary questions, and it is these
he has chiefly studied. In the prime of
his life as Secretary of the Treasury he
proved himself one of the ablest and most
successful financiers the country has ever
known. It is, to say the least, doubtful
whether iri his old age ho can achieve an
equal service for the Nation ; in the alto
gether different office for which h*_ has
been chosen.
It is certain that as Secretary of State
Mr. Sherman cannot measure up to the
standard of James G. Blame, who cast
such a brilliant luster over the last Re
publican administration. It is equally
certain, however, that he will give far
more satisfaction to the people than the
Democratic Secretaries who preceded and
followed Mr. Blame. He will have more
force and more Americanism than Bayard
and Gresham and 'more experience and
tact than Oluey. He will enter upon his
office familiar with all foreign issues now
under negotiation, and, notwithstanding
his advanced age and predilection for
financial subjects, can be counted on to
direct our foreign affairs, if not brilliantly
at least safely, soundly and patriotically.
It must be borne in mind that while
the Secretary of State is conventionally
regarded as the head of the Cabinet, and is
sometimes spoken of as the American
"Premier," he is officially no higher than
other Cabinet officers, and. the importance !
of his position is determined by the im
portance of the issues which arise for him
to deal with. ■ A: the present juncture
there seems no grave crisis to confront a
Secretary of State unless perhaps one
should arise out of the war iri Cuba, and
the recent course of Mr. Sherman in the
Senate gives assurance that he is fully
equal to the task of dealing with that in a
way to maintain the dignity and the wel
fare of the Republic.
f *
The most important place in .the new j
Cabinet will be that of Secretary of the j
Treasury. With so many and such im
portant economic and monetary questions,
to be solved during the next four years,
the head of the Treasury Department will
be in the storm center of Amercan poli
tics and the most conspicuous figure in j
the Cabinet. There is need for a man of
exceptional strength and intellect in that
office. It entails even in ordinary times j
more exhausting duties than any other in i
the Cabinet, s»nd at this time will require \
a vigorous body and rugged health, as well i
as a clear head to perform tho work. It is '
not surprising that in his old age Mr. j
Sherman should have preferred quieter
duties. The country will wait with eager- j
ness to hear who is to have that responsi- |
ble and arduous office. It is the Secretary :
of the Treasury who is to deal with the I
great issuas before the people, and for this i
administration at any rate be the head of
the Cabinet, tha Premier ol the Govern
ment.
THE PARK COMMISSION.
It is to be hoped the controversy raised
over certain expenditures by the Park
Commission will be brought to a speedy
conclusion by an open and public investi
gation of the accounts of the commission.
There is reason for expecting that this
nope will be gratified, since both the Park
Commissioners and those who have raised
the charges against them seem willing to
meet an investigation at one?. B_H
The Park Commission is one of the few
official bodies in which the people have
confidence and which has hitherto es
caped the breath of scandal and been ab
solutely free from * suspicion of wrong
doing. It is, therefore, the more to be
regretted that at this lime anything has
arisen which tends to diminish the faith
which the people have in the commission
and to raise a doubt as to the manner in
which the sums intrusted to it have been
expended.
It is gratifying to note the commission
has expressed a willingness to have a full
investigation made of .all its expendi
tures. One of its members, John Rosen
feld, state 1 in an interview published in
The Call yesterday that if the Grand
Jury wished to have an investigation the
Commissioners are ready at any minute
and willing to give all help possiDle. It is
still more, gratifying to note that at a
meeting of . the committee appointed by
the late Grand Jury it' was stated by E. P.
Farnsworth that he is not prepared to say
but what the Park Commission has done
its. duty. "I do not believe," said he,
"that with their knowledge any crooked
ness or irregularities have been' counte
nanced."
It iB the hope and the expectation ofthe
people that all charges made against the
commission will prove to be ill-founaed.
Our Park Commissioners in the past have
most ably and. economically administered
the funds entrusfd to them. They have
made for us at Golden Gate Park a garden
and a forest of surpassing beauty out of
the barren wastes of sand hills, where it
seemed that nothing would grow. Their
accomplishments have been a source of
civic pride and we have slways taken vis
itors to the City to the park with feelings
of more than ordinary satisfaction. It
would -be a loss to tne community if at
this time we should find tbat this commis
sion also has been guilty of favoritism,
extravagance, or worse, in the performance
of its duties. • v
The issue raised in the controversy is
one of too much importance to be ignored
and certainly the solution of it should not
te postponed. The people, we repeat, ex
pect a speedy investigation and prompt
settlement of the charges. If there is any
thin . wrong it should be known at once,
and if there is not this commission, in
which we have hitherto taken so much
pride, should be restored to its foi mer
position in public confidence.
SENATOR PL ATT.
The return of Thomas C. Piatt to the
United S'.ates Senate will be another illus
tration of the Way tho" whirligig of time
brings about its revenges." In this case, :
however, the revenge will be but a barren
accomplishment. The contests in which
Mr. Piatt engaged when last/in the Senate
are over,* and his foes of those days, like
his colleague, Conkling, have gone beyond
the reach of triumph or defeat. Mr. Piatt
will find himself in office confronted by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
new issues and surrounded by new men,
to whom his bygone battles are but little
more interesting than ancient history.
As a matter of fact the election of Sen
ator Piatt, though it will recall a memory
of his former defeat, has ho association
with it whatever. His success is simply
an evidence that in New York politics the
honors go to the workers. The man who
leads either party in that State arid tights
its battles to a victorious result is the man
whom that party delights to elevate to the
highest.offices in its t-ift.
New York politicians " do not turn
away from their best leaders for . senti
ment any more than for money.
Though among her citizens are the
richest men in the Union, New York
has never been known to send a man to i
the Senate simply because of his wealth
and his business ability. Though it is the
home and dwelling-place of many a
learned and eloquent "scholar in politics,"
it has never chosen one of them for its
high offices. The New Yorkers under
stand that the leadership of parties and
the management of politics are matters of
not less importance than business and
scholarship, and elect to office men who
have shown their fitness toattend to them
with skill and efficiency.
Mr. Choate' who posed as the Republi
can rival of Mr. Piatt, is in many respects
the very opposite of the kind of man that
New York elects to offie?. He is a cul
tured scholar, an able lawyer, an eloquent
orator and an honorable zen, but he
has never made a study of politics, never
assisted in organizing bis party and never
exhibited any great desire for its success.
In the recent campaign, for example,
when Republican workers were every
where earnest and active to win the vic
tory. Mr. Choate did not even make a
speech. He seemed to be utterly in
different to the result aad certainly con
tributed nothing to tho victory.
Such a man would hardly have made a
good Senator even had he been elected. The
man who takes no interest in politics in
private station is hardly likely to take
much when in office and t.he country loses
very little when he is left to follow the
pursuits that are most congenial to him.
The people have no reason to regret the
return of Mr. Piatt to the Senate, notwith
standing he has been so often denounced
as a "boss." He is a man who under
stands parties and politics, and the poli
cies and principles of government. He
will be a strong man in the Senate, and
the Nation, his State and the republican
party will be benefited by his services.
"THE SUNDAY GALL."
The Sunday Call will be an attractive
number, filled with excellent reading mat
ter that will afford interest, instruction,
entertainment and amusement.
The discovery of a new metal that defies
the laws of gravity furnishes the important
subject of one article, which shows how a
resident of the Pacific Slope came to learn
the secret of aerial flight. Many facts
new to the scientific world are laid down
and discus-ed in a manner that proves the
writer to be well fortified with knowledge
of the matter in band.
An' invention which will create much
commotion as well as comment is the
gunpowder bicycle, a full description of
which appears to-morrow. In the re
markable motor of. this machine, the ex
plosion of gunp wdeT drives the piston
forward, and it is said that experiments
have proved the scheme practicable. One
load of explosives wiil draw a bicycle 100
miles. . v
The new hotel railway is treated, of at
length in an article that everybody who
travels or stays at the big caravansaries
will read with pleasure not unmixed with
astonishment.. They will be led to won
der what human ingenuity will next con
trive to lessen the necessity for exertion
on the part of favored mortals.
The new gold fields near Randsburg are
given ample space, showing the marvelous
riches of the great desert mines of South
ern California. Randsburg is a city of
magical growth and the most accurate in
formation obtained on the spot by a
special Call representative Is given in the
Sunday issue. Just now everybody is in
quiring about the Randsburg mines and
the unalloyed facts about the town and
its gold diggings will be generally received
with gratification.
All the usual departments are well
filled and The Sunday Call will fully sus
tain its reputation as the best family
newspaper and magazine on the Pacific
Coast.
PARAGRAPHS AbOUT PEOPLE.
It costs Great Britain $15,000 a year to
maintain the Queen's pack of deerhounds.
People are petitioning her to give them up.
Signer Crispi, has taken time by the fore
lock in having his marble monument erected
in the Naples' cemetery. The only inscrip
tion on it is "Crispi." :' .- 7
Russia's Czarina, a granddauehter'of Queen
Victoria, is fighting -the practice of smoking
prevalent among the women, at court. S.e is
said also to have shut down on her husband's
allowance of cigarettes.
At the Chinese legation at Washington it is.
stated that Wu Ting Fang, who succeeds Yantr
You as Cninese Minister to this country, has
spent considerable time in England, where he
studied law and was admitted as a barrister.
The brothers Henry and Walter Keney,
Hartford merchants, who left a park to the
city, are to b_* commemorated in a beautiful
clock tower, erected on the spot . where they
were born and carried on business all their
lives. .'. '. "' " '*v7.Jv
The Pope has signified his intention to con
tribute to a fund which is being raised in Eng
land for the purpose of erecting a memorial
church at Slough, Bucks, In commemoration
of the conversion of King Ethelbert of Eng
land to Christianity. ' ' ,
Commodore Richard Peck of New Haven,
Conn., completed his sixty-eighth year in
stcamboating the other day. He Is 81 years of
age, and has been with one company more
than half a century. He has been in the
steamboat business longer than any other man
in the country. _'. . ''.*."''*.\
' Miles Crowley, the picturesque Texas Repre
sentative, is only 34 years of age, and prints in
his biography that he was chief engineer of
the Galveston fire department for two terms.
His popularity there is said to have given him
the political influence that sent him- to the
State Legislature, first as a Representative,
then twice as a Senator, and afterward to Con
gress. ■
FARM LIFE OFIEN PREFERABLE.
!,.,-. 'Germantown (Pa.) Telegraph.
The statement was made in one of the daily
pipers recently j that, according .to the ' testi
mony real estate dealers in the intersor of
the State, there is a very decided increase in
the demand for farms, and that this demand
comes largely from those who moved into
cities years ago. If this be true, it. is an en
couraging item of news. Out of ten who leave
thefarrii to make their way in (he city, eight
would certainly have done better had they re
mained at home. -!■
FIRE LOSSES OF 1896.
Chicago Chronicle..,
Better fire protection, the 'cheapening of
illuminating and fuel gas and the : improved
construction of buildings made the lire losses
of 1896 fall $19,822,1396 under those To! the
previous year. Tins in a total of $111,856,007 is
a large reduction, and i the ...- smaller fires . de
stroyed only half of this amouut. At the same
time this is an enormous sum to set down, lor
the most part, to carelessness.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
John P. Wilson, who wrote the fascinating
song, "Dat New Bully,': and whose play of
"Little Robinson Crusoe" has been generally
discussed, is busy with one or two fetching
productions which will probably be published
during the next few months. Mr. Wilson has
devoted a great deal of attention to song
writing and has many interesting and novel
ideas regarding songs that should catch on
with the public. He is the author of the song
"Crappy Sam," successfully sung by May
Irwin, and he is now writing a new burlesque
on "The Prisoner ot Zenda" for the Con
cordia Club. At -the Palace! yesterday, .'in
the company of several friends who were dis
cussing the subject, Mr. Wilson said: ' • • •
7"ln the composition of a popular. song but
one question is to be considered: What will
the public take? The author's one aim Is to
find as satisfactory an answer os possible :to
this query and write accordingly. But, alas!
no man has yet been wise enough to prophesy
JOHN p. WILSON, Author of Dat New Bully" and Other Popular Songs, Who Is
Writing a Burlesque. •-*; .= "'
correctly as to the likes and dislikes of the
fickle public; so the song-writer must use his
skill and tact, coupled with his experience
and observation, and leave the rest to the
publisher and providence.
"Two points, however, must be borne in
mind, the commercial view, and tho avoidance
of art; for art is not essential for this work,
unless a Happy knack of versifying can be
dignified by that pame, and The general pubic
have little taste for the higher variety. This
statement is only made concerning ephemeral
songs of the day, ior a song to become standard
and live must possess genuine merit in point
ot versification, musical setting, or both. 'Tis
of the popular lyric effusion of which we are
■.peaking, however, and we will confine our
selves to that topic.
"To begin, the writer, observes the style of
the latest song that has met with popular ap
proval, and likely as not appropriates the idea;
or possibly he has a touch cl originality and
copies nobody, though this hypothesis is im
probable. Then comes the choice of a subject,
and though the popular writer should be pro
lific In themes and happy in their selection, a
trivial inciuent may serve as the groundwork
if prorerly handled, or an imaginary one with
a varnish of reality, the thinner the better,
will answer as well, though novel situations
are much sought after nowadays.
"Whatever the theme selected he must make
the lines broad and 'their meaning unmistak
able; the sentiment must be exaggerated, like
the scenes in a melodrama. If he writes. of
love it must be of the fatthful-until-death
variety— unworldly, improbable. 'The world
loves a lover,', but for the commonplace wooer
the world has do sympathy, aud in a song the
public's sympathy must be .aroused. The
lover in the lyric must be a bold, handsome,
devil-may-care fellow, and love like Antony.
No half-way business goes with the patrons of
this style of song, and the 'woeiul ballad made
to his mistress' eyebrow' 'for them is played
out. -.'.'••
"If a comic song is projected it should be
strictly comic, not humorous; with touches of
horseplay thrown mr- catch words and forcible
phrases.
"For a dialect creation authorities on dialect
can be consulted to advantage, supplemented
by observations of the manners and speech of
the nationality to be depicted, the whole
broadened and boldly accentuated. 7/... -
"In the topical verse everything should be
subsidiary to the climax. The concluding
phra-e should be like the cracker on the whip,
snappy, pungent, startling. Perhaps no style
ot verse is so difficult of construction as the
topical, for tho air is Usually but a vehicle for
the words, its success depending on the ap
propriateness of the theme and the manner la
which it is presented.
"The selection of topic having been made
and the lyric constructed to the best of he
author's ability, It is given over to the tender
mercies of the composer, and if he be clever
and grasps the versifier's idea he makes the
music in concord with the words. We will
draw a charitable veil over the differences lia
ble to arise between author and composer, the
brain torture the latter undergoes in the com
position of a catchy air and accompaniment,
aud imagine the song as a thing complete.
"Then comes the most difficult task of all,
that of placing the song upon the market. If
possible a punlishcr should be found, whose
inherent honesty has not succumbed to oppor
tunity. It is a mooted question among song
writers if- such a one lives to-day, the preva
lent opinion being that, like the dodo, the
species is now extinct if it sver existed at all.
The publisher tound. the next thing is to get
some sinner to give the song to the waiting
public, and it's right here that that important
factor, the 'popularlzer,' gets in his work.
Different iootiight favorites are cajoled, flat
tered, persuaded sometimes by the promise of
a share in the profits ..into 'putting on' the
song, for all interested know that the success
of the bantling is largely dependent upon tho
personality of the introducer. Such a party
being procured, the soug is heard by the
public. ..*■.,  '
"Apropos, a word or two about songs that
have made money through such instrumen
tality may not be amiss.
"In the song 'After the Ball' - the verses are
beneath contempt, and the air has such a wide
range that the average voice has not the com
pass to, sing it. I once heard, a music hall
singer render the first part in tne original key,
and the retrain a tone lower. Still in spite ol
its bad rhyme and faulty construction, this
song had an enormous -sale, the profits being
variously estimated at from $75,000 to $100,
--000. Another song which has been successful
from a monetary standpoint is labeled My
Mother Was a Lady.'
"It tells the stor y of a girl who came to the
city to seek her brother, and obtained a situa
tion as a waitress. j Fancy the Idea of, laying
the scene of a sentimental ballad In a hashery !
In -the first 'verse the heroine ' with the lady
like mother is rudely .'joshed' by a drummer
she is attending at table,* and the 'josher' asks,
her to marry him in the - third. Talk about a
rapid age, it's alt settled iri five minutes and
in the most | puerile verse ever perpetrated.
Both of these bongs were well introduced, and
to that lact must their success be attributed,
for it would be doing an injustice to the intel
ligence of ; the -American public to say they
were accepted on their merits. ■'.'..■■.'.'.
"The 'popularize.' exhausts all the tricks of
his trade to make a song 'go.' The 'b6y in the
gallery' scheme is \ one' of them, though now
hackneyed by overuse. '.' Having the song
illustrated by means of stereopticon views is
another. A favorite method of "gaining that
essential thing, the sympathy of the audience,
is the 'spiel*. before', the rendition of the song.
This consists of a little story of 'how the song
came to be written,' which in nine cases out of
ten is the purest fiction. Nevertheless these
fairy tales are accepted by the majority and
lend a glamour of reality to the song, without
which it would be wholly hollow and artifi
cial. !■-•'; .. ■ '.' • •' ■ '
"Such is the story in brief of the popular
song from inception to presentation, with
most of the worry left out, and now- the fancy
of the public must \ determine whether it
stands or falls.
"Perhaps in time to come the criticism of
the general public will grow more acutu and
a ballad will be accepted strict!*,- on its ar
tistic merits, but to-day, as ; belore remarked,
when author and composer have put forth
their best efforts the rest must be left to provi
dence and the 'popularizer'." ' -";>••
THE SHIP OF bTATE.
Say, fellers, can't ye feel it? She's a-billn' now
fur steam; .ssewßßl
Ye kin. tell It by her murmurin' an' the tremble of
her beam.
The engines is all ready an' she'll never go
astray*
With a bran' new crew an' cap'n fur to get 'er un
. der way.
The future is before ns and beyond the misty
blue.
There ts fortune for the many: disappointment
* • for the few.
With every voice a-cheerln' we'll set out to con
| quer
; When Will m pulls the throttle valve an' starts
■* ' " the ship o' state.
' We've run right clus to breakers, an' she'd son o'
. *, pitch an' roll -■
Tilt she made us fear that mebbe she was gettln'
past control; ;
But, without a-blamln' no one, nor a-takln no
one's part, '
We're kind o' glad she's restln' fur to get a better
start.
Here's to the preparation for the comtn' festive
' day • . -•'.
When the flags are all a-wavln' an' th-s bands be
pin '.<• play.
An' every man will lena nan' to keep 'er true an'
straight •■.'.*.;
When Wlil'm pulls the throttle valve an' starts
the ship o' stale. ;,;?* 7*.-7
— Washington Star.
Letters From the People.
FOURTH STREET.
Improvements , Xeeded .on . That Import
ant Thoroughfare of the City. "
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib.:
It being true that "The CAll speaks for all,"
the mercnants and business people all along
Fourth street would owe their everlasting
gratitude to The Call if it would appropriate
a small space of its valuable columns in set
ting forth to the public the present disgrace
ful and perilous condition of this street,
particularly that portion between Market and
Mission, the cobblestones and loose rocks, the
unevenuess of the grade caused by the raising
of the grade in laying the trolley-car track
rendering it dangerous for teams nnd buggies
to pass over the same without accident. The
attention of the authorities has been repeated
ly called to this matter by the citizens and
taxpayers, but in vain. Smash-ups and break
downs are of almost dally occurrence and- the
real condition of the portion of this street be
tween Market and Mission is actually a public
'shame. Tue business -people *on this street
justly complain that the money of the City- is
lavishly expended on streets and avenues in
the outskirts of the City where there is scarcely
any business or travel, while here, in the very
heart of the City, a street thnt is constantly
thronged with travel is suffered to remain iv
a condition that would be a disgrace to a Hot
tentot village. Not only are the interests of the
citizens on this street involved in the putting
of this street In proper condition, but the pub
lic generally are equally Interested. We hope
through The Call to be able to attract the at
tention of the authorities to the necessity of
moving in this matter. . -'.'•*. A. Swift.
OCCULT TEMPLE OPPOSED.
Countess Wachtmeister Sana Mine. Blavat
sky Was Strongly Opposed to It.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: In
your issue of the 30th of December you pub
lished a ino-u interesting article on the growth
of theosophy. Among other items it was
stated thatthe "Blavatsky-Judge faction pro
pose to establish an occult temple." As the
daily companion and student of Mme. Blavat
sky during the last six years of her life I can
' give the.public some very interesting informa
tion lv regard to Mme. Bluvatsky's opinion of
an "occult temple."
In the early days when a group of now well
known men and women were the dally pupils
of our gieat teacher, we asked H. P. B. it we
should get.the money together and buiid such
a temple. Her answer was clear and 'positive.
She said: "By no means- If such a temple is
built it will begin with ceremonial magic and
end in black magic." . '. ;
Whatever temple may be built for occult
practices by people calling themselves . theoso
phists, I beg of you in justice to the memory ol
our great teacher, don't unite her name with
it. : 7 Constance Wachtmeister.
Minneapolis, Jan. 2, 1897...
CRACK CRUISERS FOR JAPAN
Boston Globe.
It is a high compliment which the Mikado's
empire pays to American ingenuity and skill
in awarding to Americans the contract for the
construction of two new "up-to-date" steet
cruisers at a cost of about $3,000,000.
All the famous construction works in the
Old World: were eager to: get the chance to
provide these accessions to Japan's war navy.
The award of the contracts to Scott of San
Francisco and the Cramps of Philadelphia
simply means that in cruiser-building, as ln
otber enterprises, America leads. / ' • .
NEW YORK'S CAPITOL SCANDAL
New York World.
Governor Black is right in his severe.com
ments upon the capitol building. It is a scan
dal of large ; proportions. It -has been thirty
years in construction : and .: is still*. In au un
seemly condition of incompleteness.
• The unfinished | capitol "has ' cot more than
$32,000,000 already, and/ heaven only knows
hew much more It is to dost. Yet the capitol
at Wash ion, one of- tho noblest public build
ings in the' whole world. 'a vast architectural
pile, twice the size of the* Albany building, one
upon which money has, been lavished without
stint and one whose every column is a mono
lith that' excites ; . the iyonder of artists and
architects and critics, ( as cost only $17,000,
--000, including the repairs and alterations of
three-quarters of a centum*.
\
PERSONAL.
A. J. Binney of Marysvi.'ile is at the Lick.
P. J. Brady of Snttle.) got here yesterday.
R,- N. Tucker ot Mouint Hamilton is in the
City. • . i.
. Dr. C. E. Stone of Maryivllle is a late arrival
here. j'
Dr. D. M. Livingstone,' of San Jose is at the
Russ. )
Dr. F. la Spada of San Jose is at the Com
mercial j
W. A. Perkins, a druggist of Virginia City, is
in town. ■■'< \
S. L. Mack, a businessman of Hueneme, is at
the California. . ■ .'.
J. E. Chapin, owner of a general store at
Madera, is in town. J *
J. D. Browne, a minting man of Randsburg,
arrived here yesterday*.
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. w4ill of Vallejo are stay
ing at the Cosmopolitan.
Charles F. Earles. and T. G. Erskine of
Sonoma are at the Grand.
J. B. Turner of thef United States steamer
Perry is at the California.
8. A. Riggs, a lives Hock.- raiser of Salem, Or.
is a late arrival a*, thd Russ.
B. W. Barnes of Graijd Fork, N. D., is a late
arrival at the Cosmopolitan. • ' ■
P. A. Falkenburg, a pusiness man of Port
land, is among recent Arrivals.
E. F. Bernhard, owner ol a large store at
Fresno, is here on a business trip.
Dr. R. S. Gardner j/r. and J. T. English of
New Haven, Conn., arte at the Palace.
Mrs. 8. M. Buck, wiffe of ex-Superior Judge
Buck of Eureka, is registered at the Lick.
James Simpson, the l'jambernran and general
contractor of HumDoldt Bay, is at the Lick.
Ex-J)istrict Attorney James F. Farraher of
■ Yreta is among the arrivals from the north.
Deputy Sheriff Earl} H. Daggett of Tulare
County was among yesterday's arrivals here.
L. Williams and T./ Martin of Sydney are
among the recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
D. E. Knight, the pioneer land-owner, banker
and woolen-mill owner, of Marysville, ls at the
Lick. :,'-;. |*. Vv:'- : !? '■/••t.''.'."
John J. Jones, a mining and business man
of Prescott, Ariz., ls among the arrivals at the
Palace. i
C. O. Bannister,' a* well-known mining man
of Salt Lake, IS on a visit here and is at the
Palace. ' -.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur} Price of the Nat Good
win company arrived here on the Monowai
yesterday. \
C. S. Wright, president of the Wilder Steam
ship Company, Hawaiian Islands, is at the
Occidental. *
E. S. Van Kuran, City passenger agent at
Portland of the Union Pacific Railroad, was in
town yesterday. j -:.-";-
E. C. Kilbourne, who has been prominent in
the business affairs of Seattle for some time
past, is in the City. i - : j^.*__m*^
Mrs. Sissons, proprietor of the old mountain
hotel known as Sissons, in Shasta County, ar
rived here yesterday.
Colonel Sidney P., Sladden of Chicago is at
the Occidental, accompanied by Mrs. Sladden.
They arrived on the Monowai. .
J. Wenger of Crescent City, where he owns a
large sawmill and is an extensive manufac
turer of lumber, is at tihe Ru->s.
Brad Barnor of England, who is Interested
in mining property in El Dorado and Tuol
umne counties, is at the Grand.
J. A. Matheson, who' is in business at Ana
cortes, Washington, a town on Fidaigo Island,
was among yesterday's arrivals.
Philip Turner Simpson, "proprietor of the
Hotel Cecil, New York, and the Ocean House
at Long Branch, is among the arrivals at the
Occidental. . * ; -ISFIS
W. I. Webster, chief wharfinger at Juneau,
Alaska, ana an old resident there,' is among
the arrivals at the Commercial. He is here
for a few weeks' stay. '
John B. El\v6od, traffic agent of the Pasadena
and Los Angeles Electric Railway, the Pasa
dena and Pacific Railway and the Mount Lowe
Railway, is at the Occidental.
George Falrbairn, a miner wno has for some
years been in the Kootenai country and who
owns several claims there, is in the City. He
speaks highly of the Kootenai and says the
mineral output there. is rapidly increasing.
Rev. George W. Chalfaut, F. H. Chalfantand
family and Miss Charlotte E. Hawes, mission,
aries, who have been visiting Eastern rela
tives and who are now en route to the Orient,
are at the Grand. They are to sail on the
Coptic to-day. "*'.,'
Edward Holland, proprietor of the Com
mercial Hotel, is interested in a new freight
transportation. enterprise in Alaska, to carry
freight from Dyea to Lake Lyndefman, a dis
tance of twenty-eight miles. The rate which
it is proposed to charge is $100 a ton. In
making this trip a ) very high mountain is
crossed, and in one; place 2600 feet of wire
cable is used. '.'..')"■
L. R. Wnitcomb, tb© well-Known newspaper
man of the staff of the Chronicle, has been
confined to his nome for the past two weeks
because of a serious case of appendicitis. He
has been very ill, and for a time it looked as
though a surgical operation would have to be
performed in order to save his life. Dr. J. W.
Keeney, Dr. L. L. F.obinson and another physi
cian held a consultation and decided on other
measures temporarily. Luckily, they were at
tended with good results; at least it appears so
now, for Mr. Whitcomb is getting along much
better. A great many of his friends haye
called in to see him and inquire about him
during his Illness. j Mr. Whitcomb thinks he
will probably be able to be out. in about two
weeks more. ; ' • ■ • ' .
CALiFORNIANS ; IN. NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— the Windsor,
W. McDonald; Grand Union. W. McCulpin;
Amsterdam, A. W. Porter., Mrs. Ellery C. Sar
gent, and Miss Elizabeth Sargent left the
Windsor to ball on the W'erra.for Alexandria,
Egypt. ■ ' ' ■"• ■ ■■
CALiFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— Hon. John P.
Irish is at the Hotel Johnson, having come
on here from Indianapolis, where he attended
the monetary conference. • L. G. Howard of Los
Angeles is at th« National Hotel.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Bacon— partner and myself want a
wooden partition across the store.
Builder— Well, I guess if you put your heads
together you can accomplish it.— Yonkers
Statesman. "■:■,•£{■■&_
Miss Oldgirl— l am' very proud of my descent.
One of my ancestors came over in the May
flower. .. : 7.\- ."•' ' "L'/jg
Mr.de Brown— Was it your father or your
mother?— New York Tribune. •
In Paradise.— Eve— That new spirit? I heard
some one call him Cholly. ;
Adam— Dear me! Who'd ever take him for
one of the family ?— Puck.
.:'• "When I am - rich," he said haughtily, "I
will return and taunt you with the opportu
nity you have missed."
"When you are rich," she answered, calmly,
"I trust you will offer, to pay for the broken
leg of that spindle-limbed gilt chair." v. • . -
And he went "forth with a hollow groan.—
Cleveland Plaindealer."
The prince in the lairy tale proceeded with
his slowing, description, of the home he had
prepared for his bride. 7
.'.'An hundred witching odors," he exclaimed,
"shall greet thy nostrils."
"Can't you make ; . it ninety-nine scents?"
suddenly demanded the princess, who was in
.clined to be advanced a couple, of centuries or
such a | matter, and .whose r every 'aspiration
was harking forward to a more practical age.'—
Detroit Journal. ...
On the occasion of the Lord Mayor's visit to
North London recently,, a captain was heard,
to remark to his corps: "Close up, boys r close
up! If the enemy were to fire on; you when
you are straggling along like * that they
wouldn't kill a single man of you. Close up I"
—London Tit-Bits. .'■-"'
Gilboy— l understand that Judge Marrimore
is breaking Up housekeeping.
• Gadman-That can't be; he's Very busy these
days deciding divorce cases.
Gilboy— Well, isn't that what I said?—
bury Gazette. -./ - t. .
"We- heard some of the strangest, most out
landish things last night," began the woman
who gossips.
"Yes." replied the woman who doesn't, "so
a friend who attended your.musicale was tell
ing me."— Washington Star.
ANSWERS 10 CORKESPINDENTS.
A Back Date— VV., City. The 29th of Au
gust, 1801, .'ell on a Thursday.
The Baldwin Hotel— 11. W., City. The Bald
win Hotel was 'opened in February, 1877.
■No Bond Required— A. C. C, Fort Apache,
Navajo County, Ariz. A person appointed to
the position of railway mail clerk under the
civil service rules is not required to furnish a
bond.. '« : ;• • ,H .
• Silver Bullion— C. F., Alameda, Cal. If
you take silver bullion to the United States
branch mint in this City it will not be minted
into standard, stiver dollars for you, though
you are willing to pay the cost of coinage.
An English Coin— A. C. R., City. An Eng
lish cooper coin of the reign of George 111,
1799, such as you describe, has no market
value other than that given in the coin cata
logues. Dealers offer such at from 25 to 50
cents. ■■;,**-; * -'; '.'■':.-.■■ :'" : y >.^v:>;
Volapck— Subscriber, City. No recent sta
tistics of the cacophanous language Volapuk
having been published, this department is
unable to announce if there is an increase or
decrease of the number of people who were
learning it. • •*'. '.':■' -■
■ .
Flood at Los Angeles— T. O. Hobokec,
New Jersey. There was a flood in the imme
diate vicinity of Los- Angeles in the winter of
1883. By writing to the Health Office of Los
Angeles you can obtain such information as
you desire. The flood was caused by a cloud
burst.
Mexican Finance— T. £ City. The ratio of
silver to gold in Mexico is 16.5 to 1. The val
ue of bullion silver in that county, as in the
markets of the United States, fluctuates. The
daily papers in the market reports give the
price oi silver daily. A Mexican silver dollar
is not worth as much in Mexico as a gold do.
lar.
"Look Not Mournfully"— M. A., Alameda,
Cal. The lines, -'Look not mournfully into the
past," etc., are used by Longfellow as the
motto of "Hyperion. " See "Hyperion," bonk
4, chapter. 8. The lines are a translation of a
part of the epitaph of Tinzens Kayetau you
Sonnenberg, buried in the churchyard of Si.
Gilgen, Tyrol.
■ The Baldwin— H. C, City. What is
known as the Baldwin Theater was opened
March ' 6, 1876. as Baldwin's Academy of
Music, Thomas Maguire proprietor, and J. A.
Heme stage . manager. ■ Tno opening piece
was "Richard III," with Barry Sullivan in tha
characters of Duke of Gloster and Richard 111.
Louise Hawthorne appeared as Queen Eliza
beth.
• Agricultural or. Other Land— H. V. 8.,
City. If you purchased agricultural or school
land from the State of California and hav-j
your deed for the.same the title is in you, and
no one- has a right to enter claim upon it,
though he found mineral in it in every square
loot. The moment the title passes the prop
erty is in the person receiving the title and ha
has a right to whatever it may produce.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's.*
. • ♦ »
California glace fruits, 50c a pound, in hand
some baskets. Townsend's, Palace building.*
— — ♦ ♦ — * ■ . ..;.-'
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
•— • — *
4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkts.,
only 50c. Townsend's, Paine-} building. *
• — ♦— -♦ ;
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business bouses and public men by the fren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
» — * — •
THE YELL OF iHE SYRACUSE
LA WL INGS. :.*.;
Troy Dolly Press.
. The remarkable thing about the yell adopted
by the college of law of Syracuse University is
the fact.that it is theonly colleze veil which
has any sense in it. Here is the yell :
Agency, contract**, bills and notes,
Equity, pleadings, sales and torts,
Domestic relations. Raw ! Raw! Raw I
Syracuse Varsity,
College of Law! "
Phillips* itocK Island -Excursions
j Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rit
j Grande and Roclc Island .Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago ana Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation*
and further information, address Clinton Jonea,
General Agent Rock Island Ball way, 80 _lon»
gomery streak San Francisco.
» ♦ •
Bboicchitis. Sudden changes of the weather
cause Bronchial Troubles. "-Brown's Bronchial
Troches " will give effective relief.
« • — ■» —
Many Influences combine to make the hair
crisp, lifeless, thin and gray. The best restorative
is I'abkkr's Hair Bam am. »
* — *>—•
Thb best remedy . for constipation Is Ayer's
. Pills. They never fail. Have yon seen Ayer's
Almanac for this year? .
A SHORT ANSWER.!
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Rufus Choate used to thrill juries with sen
tences half a column long, bat when a lawyer
in Choat-'s city a lew days ago asked a Ques
tion of 663 words the witness requested its
repetition and then replied that he did not
know.
' NEW TO-DAY.
v Of all the nerve-tonics—
bromos, celeries or nervines
your doctor will tell you
that the Hypophosphites are
best understood. So thor-
oughly related is the nervous
system to disease that some '
physicians prescribe Hypo-
phosphites alone in the
early stages of Consumption.
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-liver
Oil, emulsified, with the
Hypophosphites, happily
blended. The result of its
use is greater strength and
activity of the brain, the
spinal cord and the nerves. ■
Let us send you a book all about it. Sent free.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.
\ ~~~- . ■ ■.. . .
Ilhiirn The » reHt BBa r
lUS llf_L fl I {orn - erl > r on Front
111 R 1 I street has been re-
|||y 0 in Ski moved to Market
-7 -•-■ ...' ..--.7 street, ■ n?ar ' the .-
Ferry— Such a stock and such bargains as «
are offered there • from day to day have ■
never been witnessed on the Coast or else- '
where. Will you call and see them? Do
not wait for whole p3ge ads. in the papers. ,
The simplicity of 'these notices may not
Attract you, but the quality and price of
our goods.will. '
ci-iosi-vro.
50-cent Imitation Smyrna Russ.... ....10c
$100 Tare-try Brussels Carpet ....... '
$1.25 Ladies' Tan Oxfords, wide .'*" 65 C
$1.50 Girls' Heavy School Shoes.. ..97c
73c Fancy White Baby . 5h0e5.: .. ...., .25c
20c Ladies' Black Seainles** Hose. 12c
100 Special Bargains Every Day."" "
SMITH 0 STORE.SATTJI'DAY ;... .: JANUARY ie. 1H97
AMUSEMENTS.
""•aldtttn- Theater -"The 0:d Homestead."
- CoirMßiA " hkatkr— "Kerry Gow. : .
Moboscos OrERA-Hous_— -Land ofthe Mid-
night Sun. '
Alcazar Thkatkb.- "Chispa."
Tivoli utkba Hot.sk.— -Jack and The ' Bean-
Calk:
OR PHFt'M- High-Class Vanrtevlllo.
People's Palace.— Mahara's Refined Minstrels
Mechanics' Pavilion— Prof. Gleason.
'ihe . chutes and tajutTTSa Rink.— Dally at
Halght street, one Mock east of the Park.
fc.TBo Baths— Bathing and performances,
Pacific Coast Jockey Clttb.— Races to-day.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Saturday is promised hy the Weather
Bureau.
Joseph Goger was appointed a deputy by
Sheriff "iVhelan yesterday.
The Leak Glove Company has filed a petition
for permission to disincorporate.
Captain Boardman of the Signal Corps, N.
G. ('., has tendered his resignation.
Supervisors will retrench on municipal ex
penses to avoid possible deficiencies.
The Randsburg extension will not soon be
built by the Southern Pacific company.
Theosopnical crusaders will dedicate their
new College of Theosopliy in February next.
Governor Budd has declared to-day a legal
holiday to celebrate the defeat of the funding
bill.
Racina. Little Bob, Osric 11, Formal and
Nelson were the winners at Oakland track
yesterday.
' George* Haas' will Ups been filed. The
proper. left by the testator is bequeathed to
his family.
William Flannery, arrested in Denver, is to
be brought back to this City to stand trial for
grand larceny.
sirs. Jane Amelia Lees, wife of the veteran
detective captain, I. W. Lees, passed away yes
terday morning.
Miss Bateman says her resignation at *he
Grand is due solely to the hard work, and not
a lovers' -quarrel. _9_&
Freight Agent Luce of the Southern Pacific
struck a rich ledge at .Randsburg while aim
lessly using a pick. .
Warrants were sworn out yesterday lor two
physicians who failed to reeister births at
which they attended.
May Rogers was arrested yesterday for steal
ing from her employer, J. B. Queen. This is
said to be her first offense.'
The trustees of the Home for Orphans of Odd
Fellows at a meeting adopted plans for the
orphanage to be built at Gilroy.
Mrs. Louise Worthington Tas removed to
San Quentln yesterday to serve her sentence,
and her baby girl was left at Branch Jail 3. '
Miss Rosamonde O'Connell, daughter of Dan
O'Connell, the poet, will take up her profes
sional career at Morosco's Grand Opera-house.
A permanent organization of the Protective
Association of the State of California has been
effected, the members being retail liquor
dealers. -,,. ; 77 •; •_ "
A boycott has now been declared on many
merchants belonging to the Kong Chow Asy
lum for being willing to make peace with the
Sam Yups.
Mrs. W. W. Dimond denies that she eloped
from Honolulu with Charles Wilson. Sn.e will
return by the Coptic to-day and Wilson has
gone to Seattle.
While playing with a loaded revolver Frank
Rebbler. of 416 Pacific street, narrowly es
caped killing his **half-biother, Calalino Dev
ricco, yesterday.
The bakers and'confectionersin mass-meeting
have adopted resolutions favoring the bill be
fore the Legislature to provide for the sanita
tion oi bakes hops.
District Attorney Barnes says there will be
no more arrests in the matter of the Fair liti
gation until after the preliminary hearing of
James J. Cooney next week.
A suit has been filed by Christopher Liver
arrainst M. E. Pleasant and Fred A. Schell for
$400 due on a promissory note signed by the
defendants on May 16, 1892.
Attorney Monteith complains that the
letters of George Sterlein to Mrs. Isson can
not be lound. Ex-Judge Sanderson yesterday
testified that he placed them in the County
Clerk office.
J. B Hennessy, a carpenter, living at 220
Tehama street, attempted to commit suicide |
by jumping irom the steamer Newark in Oak
land Creek last evening. He was rescued and
brought to this City. HOB
M. B. Moraghan, the pioneer oyster-grower
of California and the owner of the Moraghan
oyster beds at Burlingame and Milbrae, died
at his residence in this City late Thursday
night after a short illness.
The local Musicians' Union has withdrawn
from the National League of Music and affili
ated wilh the American Federation of Music,
which recently received a charter from the
American Federation of Labor.
Attorney Anson Hilton raised a ripple of
merriment in Judge Slack's court yesterday
by reading Justice Jackson Temple's opinion
in the case of Spencer vs. Branham, wherein
the game of "frog" was discussed.
Company A, League of the Cross-Cadets of
St. Mary's Cathedral parish, has been pre
sented with handsomely furnished and com-'
pletely equipped clubrooms on Golden Gate
avenue by an unknown -benefactor. • •
John McGregor, the balloonist, who was ar
rested several months ago for obtaining $20
from the Oakland Postoffice upon a forged
money order, was found guilty by a jury in
the United States District Court yesterday.
A jury in Police Judge Campbell's court yes-'
terday refused to find the manager of the
Tivoli guilty for hiring an 11-year-old boy to
sing, in violation of the law which makes it a
crime to hire any singer under ,16 years of
age.
I'recita Valley Improvement Club at its
meeting last night passed a resolution in
structing the executive committee to take
legal stems to compe. the Market-street Rail
road ComDany to either forfeit its Folsom
street franchise or run its cars on to Precita
avenue. ______________
BAKEES AND CONPEOTIONEES.
Resolutions Adopted Favoring the Bill
for the Sanitation of Bakes
The following resolutions were adopted
at a mass-meeting of the Bakers and Con
fectioners:
Whekeas, The Legislature of California at
present in session has now or shortly will
have before It a bill providing for the proper
sanitation of bakeshop*-; and whereas^ the
evils which tbis bill is calculated to redress
have for years been a scourge to both the
public and the men employed as wage workers
in the baking business;
Resolved, That we give onr unqualified sun
port to the said bill, and we call upon the
daily papers of this City and State to support
it by favorable mention and. urge upon our
representatives in the Legislature to duly con
sider the merits of tbe bill and extend to it
their voice and vote; and belt further
. Resolved, That a copy of this preamble and
resolution be furnished' the daily papers of San
Francisco end Sacramento:
Railroad Comminsion Report.
The biennial report of the Board of Railroad
Commissioners has been completed and is
ready for distribution. It contains in full the
decision of Judge McKenna in the railroad
appeal case.
KEW TO-DAT.
SLEEP
FOR
SKIN-TORTURED
BABIES
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
with Ccticuba Soap, and a single application
of CcnouaA (ointment), the great 6kin cure.
CtmctJEA B_uiED__3 afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. Pottm Daco *.*n> Ch in.
Coir., Sole Props- Boiton. .'«___ __ ,
"How to Cure Tortured Bablee," free.
BKIN SCALP ■■-S^_^g& 1 ?;
ANOTHER SCARE;
NO SWANHILDA
The • Hawaiian Isles From
. Newcastle Got in
Yesterday.
She Sailed a Week Ahead of the
Anxiously Looked For •
Vessel.
Harbor Commissioners Will Meet With
the Chamber of Commerce .
Next Tuesday. ' .
Meiggs wharf will be the center of at
traction on the water front to-morrow.
Every bark that shows up on the horizon
is immediately set down for the anxiously
expected vessel. The fact that the incom
ing vessel has only three masts, instead of
four, as is the case, with the Swanhilda, ;
does not seem to count, and rowboats,
towboats and police- boats all mak e a race
to get aboard.
When the Hawaiian Isles, from New-.
castle, was sighted everybody made sure
she was the much-desired vessel, and
even|when she was made out all and sun
dry went to her in order to make sure that
she had not spoken the Swanhilda and
that Murderer Butler was not aboard.
Captain Kustel's report is very brief and
is as follows:
Hawaiian Isles, Hawaiian ship, from New
castle. Australia. January 15— Sailed Novem
ber 17; crossed the equator latitude 30 south,
longitude 171 east; then passed westward ot
Fiji Islands; crossed equator longitude. l 77
west, '_!) Jays out; then "had* moderate wiuds
to latitude 30 north, longitude 178 west, alter
which we had stormy weather to port. .
December 2, H. A. Cummings. seaman, a na
tive of Scotland, aged 23 years, -fell from the
fore rieging, a distance ot about '20 feet, and
died from the effects a few minutes alter. He
was buried at sea.
On no occasion was the Swanhilda
sighted, and as she sailed several days
later than the Hawaiian Isles the chances
are that it will be at least next Thursday
before she ran be looked for.
The Alonowai, which arrived from' the
•colonies, brought the story about the
Swanhilda having been spoken near Fiji
by the steamer Taupo, so Captain Frazer
must be close behind the Hawaiian Isles,
and as the former is a fast sailer in light
winds she may safely be looked for before
the end of next week.
The Harbor Commissioners held a
special meeting yesterday to meet a com
mitee from the Chamber of Commerce.
The latter was composed of ex-Super-
I visor Taylor, Captain James Chapman,
Hugh Craig and" Captain W. L. Merry.
The gent'emen wished to impress upon
the board the necessity fop a time ball
and a flagpole for the displaying of storm
signals being placed upon the tower of
the new ferry depot. The matter was
j discussed pro and con, and then in order
■ to facilitate matters President Colnon at
the suggestion of Commissioner Chad
bourne announced that the board had
practically decided a fortnight 'ago to
make the desired changes and that the
chief engineer was now at work on the
matter. Mr. Holmes and Lieutenant
Hu lies of the Hydrographic Office will
perfect the plans and then the contractors
will be instructed to make the necessary
changes. .."'.:,<
Before the meeting adjourned President
[ Colnon invited the members of the Cham
ber of Commerce to attend all the meet
ings of the board and make as many sug
gestions as possible, as the commission
wanted all the light possible in order to
properly handle the front. Hugh Craig
responded in kind and asked the board to
attend the meetings of the' Chamber of
Commerce. He was particularly anxious
to have them present at the meeting next
Tuesday, and the chances are that the
Commissioners, will meat early Tuesday
morning in order to be in attendance. On
that occasion the belt railroad will be dis
cussed. .'..''
The battle-ship Oregon made a start on
her. southern cruise yesterday, but the
weather outside was so thick that her cap
tain decided to take no chances and put
brack to the anchorage in Ricbardsons
Bay. She will probably sail to-day.
Captain G. Ewart has purchased an in
terest in the bark. Colusa and will go out
as master on the next trip. In the mean
time the bark is to be thoroughly over
hauled." 7 ■ 7*
The bark Guy C. Goss, from Port Los
Angeles, was towed in by the wrecker
VVhitelaw yesterday. T«i- makes three
vessels that the wrecker lias towei in this
week, and T. P. H. Wi.itelaw is seriously
thinking about starting an opposition
tow boat line. The Goss is under charter
to John Rosenfeld's Sons to load a general
cargo for New York. *
The -schooner Josifina has had gasoline
engines nut in her and in a few days will
sail for San Diego in command of Captain
Tipziihkan. The new gasoline boat will
run between Enseneda and San Diego and
is expected to make good time. The
• changes were made at Turner's shipyards
and a good job has been made of them.
Tho little boat is fast r and Captain Tipz
sibkan expects to make good time and
also money by the change.
GEOEGE HAAS' WILL. ;
Executed Just Before His Death It Be
queaths His Estate to His Family.
George. Haas, the wealthy candy manu
facturer who died on the 31 of the present
month, left a will, which was filed for pro
bate by Attorneys Davis & Hill yesterday.
The widow, Amelia Huss, is named as
executrix. To her he pave in escrow be
fore his death deeds to real estate on Ellis
and O'Farrell streets equal to half of his
fortune, which is estimated to be about
$500,000.
Tne remainder of the estate is bequeathed
to relatives and friends, the business and
store of the candy factory being given to
bis three lons, share and share alike. The
eldest son, William, is already in posses
sion of his share of the business, which is
said to be very profitable, as was evidenced
by the substantial estate* left by the tes
tator. The residue of the estate is to be
distributed among the five children of the
testator. IBBgripSfi'ggidgli
A provision is made to the effect that the
testator's children shall not have control
of their shares until they have reached
their majority, and then only subject to
the determination of the executors that
they are fit and proper persons to be en
trusted with the care of property. Mrs.
Amelia Haas, the widow, and William
Gru'enhagen, brother-in-law of the testa
tor, are appointed executors * without
bonds.
The will was executed a week before
Haas' death. .
A NOTORIOUS PICKPOCKET.
William Flannery Will Be Brought
Back From Denver for Trial Here.
Captain Lees has been notified from
Denver, Colo., of' the arrest of William
Flannery, a notorious pickpocket, who is
wanted in this City. He was arrested here
many months ago for picking the pocket
of Mrs. Mary Birch near the Morosco
Grand Opera-house. He forfeited ". his
$3000 bond, and the night before he left
town he plundered tbe house of L. Bur
tin, one ol his bondsmen.
The latter will be permitted to pay the
expenses of bringing back the prisoner
and thereby save his share of the for
feited bond. .
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
The Hawaiian Ship Hawaiian Isles Passing Up the Bay Yesterday. She Left Newcastle, N. S. W.,
Several Days Ahead of the Swanhilda, but the Impression Prevailed That She Would
Have Some News and a Fleet of Small Boats and Tugs Went Out to Her.
MRS. LEES HAS
PASSED AWAY
She Died Quietly Yesterday
After a Last Short
Illness.
For Years She Had Been an
iQvalid Dependent Upon the
Care of Others.
Tlie Veteran Captain of Detectives and
His Children Were by Her
Bedside.
After a last short illness Mrs. Jane
Amelia Lees passed away yesterday morn
ing. She was surrounded by the mem
bers of her family, aud death came peace
fully after the years of pain she has suf
fered.
The sturdy old captain, hardened in the
contemplation of the sorrows of life, as
THE LATE MRS. JANE AMELIA LEES.
evidenced in his daily routine of business
during the past quarter of a century,
melted away yesterday afternoon in hot
and burning tears as he gazed upon the
features of his life-long companion.
When Mrs. Lees breathed her last
shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
the captain and his children were at her
bedside. They had been watching there
for many nights and days, expecting the
worst. The unfortunate woman had suf
fered much. For more than twelve years
bronchitis and asthma had held her a
martyr, and in latter months she was nec
essarily dependent upon the care and
affection of her husband and children.
• Mrs. Jane Amelia Lees was a most char
itable woman. Sbe was essentially a home
body, seldom being seen in the • society
circles to which her attainments entitled
her. She had a little coterie of friends
who gathered about her and through
whom she did many acts of benevolence.
She was 67 years of ape and the mother
of five children, two of whom are living.
They are Miss Ella Lees and Fred W.Lees.
Mrs. Lees was a Miss Jane Amelia Fisher.
She was born in Bambrid-*: •, Eng:, June 2.
1829. .As a very small child she and her
parents iesid-d in Baltimore, and in 1851
she came to this city as the wife of I. W.
•Lees, whom she married two years before.
The police have as yet made no arrange
ments for the funeral, i^i . -
MUSIC JOINS LABOR.
The Local Musicians' Union . Affiliates
*--'. Itself With a National Organ!- •
zation of Labor.
The local Musicians' Union has deserted
its old standard and joined the labor or
ganizations of America under a new one —
the American Federation of Labor.
Formerly the San Francisco, musicians
were affiliated with the National League
of Musicians. .In course of time a new
thought showed itself in the ranks of
union musicians and it developed into an
independent body known as the American
Federation of Music. The difficulty be
tween the two branches was that one side
held that musicians are artists, while the
contended that . they are laborers—
of course, only in the union point of view.
.When the American Federation of La
bor held its convention recently in Cin
cinnati it granted a charter to the Ameri
can Federation of Music and thus brought
the musicians within the 'pale of labor.
Musicians j united with the new organiza
tion will consequently share the benefits
of mutual , assistance in . . case of strikes
because they have taken a stand on the
broad prinoiples of labor.
; ... Delegates from ■■* the \ Musicians' Union
reported the change at last night's session
of the San Francisco Labor Council. L.
Linhart, C. fc*'c hup pert', M. Davis, A. Di
jean, Thcraas Ginman and M. Manheiru
were the chosen delegates of the union.
Ironmoldprs' Union No. 164 elected T.
Hurd and William T. Boyce as its repre
sentatives to the council and they were
seated last night. *. ' ?y-.'*; : -^"^
. Communications were rend.from Sacra
mento and -San Diego council, which con -
triouted financial support to the labor
convention to be held in this City in. the
interest of labor bills for the present Leg
islature.
J. Hill was nominated for president for
the next term, C. *E. Hawkes for vice
president, Joseph Walters for financial
secretary and S. Smith for sergeant-at
arms. Other nominations were postponed
.for a week.
PREOITA : VALLEY CLUB.
An Allegation That the Market-Street
Railroad Broke Faith.''
A spirited meeting of the property-own
ers in the Precua Valley was held last
night at Graham's Wall on Alabama street.
In the absence of .the president John T.
Graham presided. The committee to
whom was referred the question of com
pelling the Market-street Railroad Com
pany to live up to its contract in running
the Folsom-street electric cars onto Pre
cita avenue reported that it had consulted
with Attorney Matt I. Sullivan as to the
legal obligations of the company.
Mr. Sullivan, the committee reported,
advised an action to be commenced for a
forfeiture of the franchise on the grounds
stated.
A resolution was adopted Instructing the
executive committee of the club to have
legal proceedings instituted to that end.
The executive committee of the club is
composed of John T. Graham, J. B. Viz
zard, Daniel Goggins, Daniel Sullivan
and Henry Behrens.
The committee on the improvement of
Precita Valley reported thnt .the contract
had been let for the grading of Precita
avenue from Folsom to Alabama streets,
and petitions nad been got tip and
would be forwarded to the Supervisors
for the sewering and grading of Bryant
street, from Twenty-sixth to Army. "
The names of the permanent officers ! of
the club are: Stephen A. Byrne, presi
dent; John E. O'Brien, secretary; J. B.
Vizzard, vice-president, and John T.
Graham, treasurer. ,v^' .'-.)
MISS O'CONNELL'S DEBUT
She Will Commence H?r Profes
sional Career at the Grand
on Monday.
" * : *■■.■■■•». •■•-.■ \
"Against the Stream" Will Start the
< Poet's Daughter on Her Pro
fessional Career.
Mis'sßosamonde O'Connell will, Mon
day evening next, make her professional
bow to the San Francisco public. She has
always been a decidedly clever amateur
and has always wanted to take the stage
as a profession. . . *.
Her lather went to Louis Imhaus. the
stage director at Morosco's, six months
ago, and told him his daughter bad.de
cided to go on the stage. . - '• <~*
•At ■ Mr. Imhaus' advice Miss O'Connell
studied for a few months, and three weeks
aeo she again came to Mr. Imhaus, who
promised her the first opportunity that
offered itself. The . result is that Miss
O'Connell will make her debut in 'Against
the 'Stream.''' •'"','/.
' Both Mr. Morrow and; Mr. Imhaus are
very enthusiastic over her splendid work
during rehearsals. . She has proved her
self an apt and. careful student. .
In the play following "Against v the
Stream" Miss O'Connell will be entrusted
with a better, part.
Will Discuss Pigeon-Shooting:.
A meeting of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals will be held this after
noon. The subject of pigeon-shooting will
come up for discussion. At least one director
has expressed himself In j favor of I permitting
live 'pigeon shoots. The controversy maybe
lively.
WARRANTS FOR
TWO PHYSICIANS
They Failed to Register
Births at Which They
Attended.
Dr. Eidenmuller and Dr. Lowry
Find Themselves Within the
Clutches of the Law.
'• '. — ■ "■ ■'..-.
The Unfavorable Showing of Births
Against Deaths the Cause of
the New Crusade.
The opening gun of the Board of
Health's crusade against the physicians
who fail to register births, as required by.
law, was fired yesterday when warrants
for two well-known physicians were sworn
out against Violators of the law. '. ■'■;;"."'■ :■-;
The present board has felt a great deal
of annoyance over the fact that the num
ber of births reported at the Health Office
was alway than the number of deaths,
although it was well known that the
actual number of deaths occurring during
any given period was less than the births.
There is a section of the Political Code
that reads as follows:
Sec. 3024. Physicians and midwives must, on
or. before the fourthday of each month, make
a return to the Health Officer of all births,
deaths and the number .of stillborn children
occurring in their practice during the pre
ceding month. In the absence of such attend
ants, the parent must make such report within
thirty days after the birth of the child. Such
returns must be made in accordance ; . with
rules adopted and upon blanks furnished by
the Board of Health.
The Board of Supervisors has also taken
hold of the matter and passed a more
stringent order, which is as follows:.
Order 2341.* - '■ ' ■^vi'f*? 1 '
Sec. 1. Physicians and mid wives must, on or
before the fourth day of each month, m«ke a
return to the Health Officer of ail births occur
ring in their practice during the preceding
month. -In the absence of such attendants,
the parent must make such report within
thirty days after the birth of the child. Such
returns must be made in accordance with the
rules adODtt* d and upon blanks furnished by
the Board of Health. . .
Sec. 2. Any person violating any of the pro
visions of this order shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor and be punished by a fine not
exceeding $100 or Imprisonment not exceed
ing ninety days, or by both such fine and im
prisonment.
The board attempted to enforce these
measures some time ago, and caused the
arrest of a physician who had failed to
register a birth at which he officiated. He
was regularly tried before a Police Judge
and convicted. .
Since then, and up to yesterday, though
violations of the law were frequent, no
arrests were made..'
--• The semi-annual report of the board
was recently issued, and the showing of
births against deaths was so bad that the
members decided to make an example of
a, few physicians, and gave orders that
the first cases where good evidence could
be obtained • should be taken into the
courts.
Within the past few days C. A. Blank
and J. G. Barker, have reported that
though children were born to their wives
at comparatively recent dates they were
unable to find any records to that effect.
The physician .who attended Mrs. Blank
was Dr. *\V. C. Eidenmuller of 14 Grant
avenue, and the attendant of Mrs: Barker
was, Dr. E. N. Lowry of 213 Geary street.
On the statements Obtained from . the
fathers warrants were sworn out before
Judge Joachimsen for the two' doctors,
and they will b) vigorously prosecuted.
In future arrests will ba made in all
authenticated cases.
A SOLEMN MASS.
Archbishop Riordan Will Preach at St.
■•..?'*•' Ignatius To-Morrow.
The feast of the Holy Name of Jesus
will be celebrated at St. Ignatius Church
to-morrow with unusual splendor.
Archbishop Riordan will celebrate high
mass at 10:30 o'clock, and will preach a
sermon on the feast of the day.
The newly organized male choir, con
sisting of two professional.quartets and a
large number of volunteer singers, will
sing Riga's mass, and for the offertory
will render "0 Cor Hagorus" by Morocui.
The choir will be under the leadership of
Father Cotelli. Maurice O'Connell will
act as organist. : '..*..; ..".',,
The . annual election |of officers of the
Lacordaire Reading Circle connected with
St. Ignatius Church was held last Thurs
day evening in the Library Hall.
• "the following - officer" were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Edmund W.
Henderson; vice-president, D. C. B. Mc-
Carthy; secretary, J. S. Welnank; treas
urer, William D. Hicks; marshal, William
Kirby; spiritual director, Rev. Father-
Wood s.^%jf^^^^*gß_B-SB-BBi
The jawbone of the average whale is 25
feet in length.; The tongue .of : such a
monster will yield a ton of oil. .
7, HEW TO-DAT. ;
When I say I cure I do not moan merely to stop
them for a time and then have them retnrn again. I
mean a radical cure. I have mado the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. . I warrant my remedy to euro the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a euro. . Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle.of my infallible remedy. : Giro Ex-
press and Postoffice address. •* :.
?ro[.wj.PEEßE,F.D.t4CeflarSt.,NewYoil[
FOUND NOWHERE
LIKE CALIFORNIA
More Money and Business
Here by Far Than Any-
H where Else.
■ ' — — — ••
Hugh McDonnell on the Dullness
in the East and Interest
in California.. .
A Crowd of People Coming to invest
• in the God Mines—This
State in Clover.
Hugh McDonnell," the widely known
mining man, who effected the sale of the
Iron Mountain mines a year ago, and who
owns valuable mini ng property at Copper
City and Tehachapi, returned here yester
day from the East, after four weeks'ab
sence. f ■/..■£":■ ..:..•
: Mr. McDonnell visited Denver, Chicago,
New York and other places of importance.
He says business is very dull everywhere
he has been and that no place in the East
Is to be compared with this country.
•'l'll never kick at California again," he
said, expressively; "it's the best place
there is,' go where you will. Business is
infinitely better here than it is anywhere
East. I was surprised to see haw quiet' it
was everywhere. Chicago is quieter than
it was when I was back there in the sum
mer. The banks that have been breaking
there have scared people.
. '.'lt's better in New York. They've got
more ' people there, or . at least more
people go there, ana- they get a show on
their streets, but they are not doing much.
The other cities in the East are dull, too.
"I found there was great interest in the
East in the new mines at Randsburg. I
was asked a great many times about them.
California mining generally. is' receiving
great attention. The East is putting lots
of money in here, as is England and other
countries of • Europe. They are sending
their experts here, and more property will
be bought. The South African excite
ment is off and the mining world is turn
ing to California.
"In Colorado I was much surprised at
the interest in Randsburg. Lots of Colo
rado men have come out and become in
terested in that camp, and they have gone
back and eulogized it as being very rich.
This has started others this way. 7 ,\/ ; '
"I saw nowhere where business was so
pood or money so plenty as in California.
We are really in clover. One is struck
with that when he compares the places he
has seen in the East with San Francisco
and other towns of this State. We are
strictly in it, and I am not exaggerating
a bit when I say so."
Mr. McDonnell will visit his mining
HEW * TO-DAY.
THE STAR
I
* JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
it it
• , _■■■_ _ _■_ _ /*.".■*
if'k'k'kirititirit'k^'kirlfitltitlfititiritir^irir
I THE PEOPLE'S VICTORY. J
• ; .t-t-l^s-^^t- *
it'k'kitiritit'k^'kitititit'kit'kitr^it'kit'k'kitit
I HILVTIKTOrS FALL, £
• •
•••••••••••*» A **»•••••••
J CALIFORNIA NOW A STATE}
• •-.'■' ■* ■ ■
••••^••••••••••••••••••■Ar**
!jOHWN,TnE TRAITOR. J
• •
•*••••••••• * it it * * »•••••••••
J RAINEY AND SCHOOL BOARD J
• ■•■.' * '
•••••*»•••••••••• »»*»*»»*»
• * :•;..•
• •
S— CENTS— S
Subscription $1.50 Year .
L. W. LOVEY, MANAGER,
429 Montgomery Street, S. F.
'■'.'. "SEW TO-lI AY— AMUSEMENTS.
, MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. .'.Sola Lessee and Manage;
—MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
Of the Thrilling Icelandic Melodrama,
LAND OF TEE MIDNIGHT SUN
A SPECTACULAR PLAY, COMBINING
' PATHOS AND COMEDY.,
Reappearance of JOHN J. PIERSON In His
original Character of •'JASON ORBY."
Volcanic Eruptions and Earthquakes! !
* Wonderful Aurora Borealls!
JEvenlnr Prices— too, 'i"o and ">Jj.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-NIQHT! .TO-NIQHT I
PROFESSOR 0. R. GLEASON,
KING OF HORSE-TAMERS, .
Will Harness and Drive Together
• : • —AND—- '; ' '•'-'■■}]
— TIO-81l «TX3VE —
THE MEANEST HOUSES ON EARTH!
Also Three Nervous Silvers and .
——-DIXIE!—— *
Special Performance Sunday Afternoon.
: Last Appearance Sunday Night. '. -".i
Music by Golden Gate' Military Band.
ADMISSION— -25 CENTS.
THE CHUTES.
- — -GREAT DAI - TO-DAY! : ■ .
AFTERNOON-BROWN, the Legged Cyclist
— KOB'IO, th*. Equilibria:, and
POTATO RACE.
EVENING— BROWN, KORTO, New Scenes by
. the Animatoscope and
Mile Skating Race— Brown vs. Henna.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENING,
BRISTOL'S HORSE CIRCUS
Wonderful Performing Animals—
Admission 10 Cents. * Children. 5 Cents.'
COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH,
- ' • \ METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
A REFORM MOVEMENT IN RELIGION
Doors open to-morrow -(Sunday) evening, 7 :15 •
o'clocic. Rev. HAROLD BOLCE, Pastor. sittings
froe. . :r&t*£tSsb&BSaßaaaatga»^^ I
. ... • ■ • . :■ ■ . ...:■■ ;. ■ •
kew to-dat:
j Woman's Writes I
%' Believe in Woman's Writes? ('[
.■■■' ;Of course we do. Who could h'
i'? help it when women write euch jj ,
' p convincing words as " these :\) ( J
a "For seven years I suffered Y>
jp with scrofula. I had a good (i[
physician. Every means of >]>
]£ cure was tried in vain. At last
'[<• I was told* to try Ayer's Sarsa- S>
,*■) parilla, which entirely cured < ,
'j> me after using seven bottles." <j>
]>) — Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort .4 1
'Is Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. I*
j! Ayer's Sarsaparilla |
I .....cures.. V . ; ;
property arid will then go to Randsburg, a
camp which he has not as yet seen. Ha
is at the Palace. ■ ,
■ r-r — " i
Noted Texas Men "With Chinese.
United States Marshal R. C. Ware of San
Antonio, representing the Western District of
Texas; B. F. Ware and George Barrett, of El
Paso, and J. W. .Gibson of Sweetwater,
Marshals and Deputy United States Marshals,
arrived here yesterday in charged twenty
one Chinese who had smuggled themselves
over from the Mexican border. The Chinese
will be deported to China. The Texas officials
are the most noted in the State. ■ They have
had hand-to-hand fights with the worst cattle
thieves, smugglers and man-killers that ever
Infested the Southwest. Marshal Ware is a
dead shot and a terror to outlaws in the Lone
Star State. •
— * ♦ ' ■»
The number of deaf and dumb people in
England is over 13,000.
— *~—^^ —_*———— *****
jitew to-dat:
Some grocers tell us that
they sell almost no tea for
more than twenty-five cents
a pound. ;
What a state of things !
You can't get good tea
for twenty -five cents a
pound. You had better pay
fifty or more cents a pound
for Sc ling' Best— ac-
cording to flavor — get
your money, back if you
don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
9-,,, p— :::;- •"** •
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Alßaymak-Cu (Incorporated) Froprl9*,o.*l
LAST 3 "I-X2V_:3n«3
DENMAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAY,
T_JC I MATINEE TO-DAY
1 TIE- TO-NIQHT
OLD ' and DAY NIaHT
HOMESTEAD
Twesday Ev'g, Jan. 19 I NOR.I3IC.A.
Thursday Ev'u, Jan. 21 OPERATIC
Sat. Matinee, Jan. 23 | CONCERTS
TWCOUHot^OOTTLOD a •**•»- u»» aid —.
THIS AFTERNOON AT a
TO-NIGHT SUNDAY
AND :: NIGHT.
' Farewell Performances .
The Favorite Irish Comedian,
a"C3S_E.*E>l^_^^-_FI.-*E*»'l*=C'sr
"KERRY OOW!^
Mouday Evening— The -'rand spectacle.
"THE FOgEVKK DEVIL'S AUCTION"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSa
Mss,Kk.nestinj- EBExjxa. Proprietor JcMaoatU
EVERY EVENING! A HIT 1
THB SECOND EDITION
Of Onr Triumphant Holiday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SONGS.
NT? IV DANCES.
IN Hi »¥ BALLETS*
: SPECIALTIES.
LTT? * "D Annie Suits' French Chansonette.
J_lJ_ii_.li "BON JOUK, MONSIEUR!"
CT?"!? Ferris Hartman's Burlesque,
OX_JCi "THE A REAL BALLET."
••"WHAT "WILL THEY SPRING ON US
• NEXT?"
BRING THE CHILDREN.
BECUKE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE.
Popular Prices .....25c and 500
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Pow -a.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). Jan. 16*
Parquet, any seat, 25c; .Balcony, any seat, 11)3. .
Children, 10c, any par*,
FAMOUS ROYAL UIXGIRIiX COURT ORCHESTRA,
'■•• Under the Direction of P. K. Matus. the Most
Famed Clarionet Virtuoso in All Europe.
The Latest European Novelty, LIEUTENANT
NOBEL, Germany's Greatest Ventriloquist.
. Continued success of NILSSON'S AEKIAL aud
KIRALFYT'S GRAND OPKKA BALLEI'S.
And the Greatest of Vaudeville Artists
Last Week of Chas. Wayne and Anna dwell.
The' Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert in the Orphenm Annex atter tha
regular performance In the auditorium. .
A I PA7 A R I Celebrate tbe Victory
" WfcHßll To-day is a Holiday !
Come to tli'-| Matinee or This Evening
And See the Grand Scenic Production of
"GHISPA!"
GEORGE OKBUCKISE I Hl'GO TOLAND
as '-Injun Jack." | and fell the Favorites.
Our Regular Trices. : Phone for seats— Black 991.
PEOPLE'S PA LAC
COMMENCING MONDAY. JAN. 11.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
•..;, i! *; Big Ovation t. Great Success; ,Vv
DARKEST AMERICA,
NAHARA'4 REFMED MUSTRELS!
33— COLORED ARTISTS ! 35 "
• — — Headed by the Only -
bzijljT' T-ouwa*:
Parade at Noon Daily -lOc, 30c, 300.
DACING! RACING! • RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB .
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23, Inclusive,
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
"Racing: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
■ 'a burs day, Friday and Saturday.
. Rain or Shine.
' FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY. •
Races. StaJrL at 11:15 P. M. Sharp-
Ferry Boat* i»ave San Francisco at Vi it. and
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :JO, 2;f)0, 2:30 and 3 p. M.. connect-
ins with trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to J-bell .Mound.
) ReturniiiK-TrHlns leave tbe Trace at 4:15 all .
4:45 p. it. and immediately after the last race.
* THOMAS JI. WILLIAMS Jit, President.
. K. B. MILKOY. Secretary. , ■ - - *.
SUTRO BATHS.
' Open Dally From 7A. I. to 6 **. M.
Bathing, Including Admission Adults
aso. Children *40c. •■
General Admission, 100 ; Children, So*
TCG-OF- WAR NEXT SUNDAY.
78
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What ' the Wheelmen, Anglers, Baseball
Players and Riflemen Are Doing*
*'-■ ---■ ■•'■■■■. .. ■- ■
No donbt there will be a large gathering
of the patrons of wheeling at the Velo
drome track to-day to see the races, which
should be good, as the wheelmen who
have entered are considered first-class per
formers.
A rush of anglers to Russian River is ex
pected to-morrow, as latest intelligence
is to the effect that the fishing is first
class.
At Shell Mound Park the" rifles will
crack lively to-morrow, as several- clubs
will be represented before the butts.
Basebalfis looking up and, as the sport
ing public is taking an interest in the
National game, clubs are being organized
in city and country.
There is some talk of a meeting between
the greyhounds of this City and Sacra
mento at Interstate park.
THE WHEELMEN.
Blgr Success Predicted for. the
League Benefit Meet To-Day.
To-day occurs the biggest cycling meet
ever known in the history of the State.
The first blue-ribbon meet ever held here
is to be given at the Velodrome track this
afternoon, and that it has struck a popu
lar chord is evidenced by the immense
entry list of riders and an unprecedented
advance sale of seats. - . .*
The benefit is for the North California
Division, League of American Wheelmen.
The National assembly of the parent body
is to convene in Albany, N. V. ," early next
month, and the North California division
. has several requests to ask of it for the
good of the cyclists of this State. The
board of officers realized that the only
way to get proper recognition was by send
in-*;* a delegation there, and it is for this
purpose that the blue-ribbon meet was ar
ranged. The treasury of the division,
while having some funds in it, was not
■sufficiently plethoric to admit of standing
the expense, so the members, riders, deal
ers and every one interested were. asked to
"stand in".and they have done it with a
wiil. The track was donated by the Velo
drome, the printing, advertising and
music were free by courtesy of different
people, and the riders themselves agreed
to ride, and to ride their very best at that,
for blue ribbons as prizes. Every thine, in
fact, is free, except admission to the races.
There is not a pass extant. Every com
petitor, official and spectator will pay at
the gate and "paper" will be a nonentity.
Furthermore, the largest crowd of the
season and the best races as weil are anti
cipated, and altogether it promises to be a
great meet from every point of view. __SK
The track is at Fell and Baker streets,
and the races will be called at 2 o'clock
this afternoon promptly. Up to the noon
hour seats can be had at Sherman &
Clay's; and after that time at the track.
The two professional events will he a one
third mile scratch and a half-mile handi
cap, and the two amateur events a one
third mile scratch and two-thirds mile
handicap. Then there will be the Velo
drome Shield race between D. E. Whit
man of Los Angeles and. C. E. Dow of
Seattle, and other features -which will
combine to make a most interesting after
noon's sport. !.— *.
The local riders and officials are an
noyed at the lack of support they have re
ceived for this meet from the Garden City
Cyclers of San Jose. As one gentleman,
who does not wish bis name used, said:
"While the . meet will be an unqualified
success without their support, still we feel
that they should have sent us their- riders
and done everything to help the thing
along, as the benefits we expect to derive
from favorable legislation from the Na
tional body will be more to the Garden
City Cyclers than to any club in the State,
as they own their own track and have
such a large membership. They only sent
us one actual entry and two others who
wanted to star when they were not stars
themselves. I really wonder if they ex
pect us to help them any."
This speaker expressed the sentiments
of many others whom I have spoken- to
regarding the meet. There was almost
unanimous support from the dealers, who
contributed toward the souvenir pro
gramme and took quantities of seats* be
sides. The local clubs also took blocks of
seats, and will cut an important factor in
the cheering when any of their respective
men win. The Cycle Board of Trade has
two boxes for its officers and delegates.
The prizes to be given the men are quite
artistic, and are the handiworK of the
Hancock brothers. Jules is the secretary
of the Associated Cycling Clubs, and
Victor represents the membership com
mittee ol the league. The first prizes
will be blue ribbons, printed and tasseled
with gold. The ribbons for second prizes
, will be red, and white will represent third
"money." It is not for their intrinsic
value that the riders want them, there
fore, but for the prestige of winning them
at this particular meet aud before the
immense audience that will attend it.
Charles S. Wells and W. A. ("Bob")
Terrill have just received the prizes won
by them at a Denver meet over a pear ago.
Wells won a $150 diamond and Terrill a
$75 one. The meet was not a financial
success and they did not get their win
nings. The club was- suspended from
sanction privileges by the racing board
, until the prizes were paid. Such is the
protection the'Leagueof American Wheel
. men affords its racing men. The men
: have now received their prizes and the
club will probably be restored to good
standing. -.'77 ; v"V
E. H. Stoddard is making a trip through
some of the northern counties on busi
ness.
The Imperial Cycling Club will hold a
members' meeting next Monday night.
i The billiard tournament at the club is
drawing to a close and a whist tourna
ment is being arranged. The club's fourth
party will take place next Tuesday even
ing at Native Sons Hail. The party will
be a social success and the proceeds there
from will be used to defray the expenses
of building the gymnasium recently
added to the clubhouse. The members
will attend the L. A. W. races at the Velo
drome to-day in large numbers to shout
for their clubmates.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
cribbage tournament in the near future —
something which the members have been
wanting for a long time. Already many
a two-handed practice game may be seen
around the clubrooms evenings, and one
hears more about "fifteon-two,*fifteen-four
and one ior hi 3 hat" tnan about bicycling
nowadays.
The Alameda Cyclers bave a little social
function planned for Friday evening, Jan
uary 29, in the form of an entertainment
and musical*. The club is in a prosper
ous* condition.
George E. Dixon, the popular announcer
and tandem cnampion, who has just re
turned from Sacramento, says that the
Capital City Wheelmen there are in a
nourishing condition. Many improve
ments hatVe recently been made in the
clubroooms, and the membership bas in
creased materially. The club will enter a
team in the next relay in April.
The East Oakland .Wheelmen's enter
tainment and dance is set for fiext Friday
evening, January 22. and the cycling cir
cles of . Oakland will he represented on
that occasion. An excellent programme
has been prepared. The affair will be
held at Washington Hall, Sixth avenue
and Twelfth street.
R. M. Thompson, the well-known
dealer of Fresno, and member of the State
racing board is in the City, partly on busi
ness and partly to attend the league meet
at the Velodrome te-day.
C. E. Martling, the Crimson Rim man,
arrived from Loa Angeles Thursday night,
* V
coming here to meet Joseph al. Hill o
the same company, who is on a trip
around the world. Mr. Hill will leave for
Honolulu onthe steamer to-day at 1 p. m.
He is well posted on cycling matters all
over the country, and is of opinion that
the present season will see a revival of the
boom of 1895. Agents everywhere report
large advance orders for 1897, and- with
tho absence of cheap wheels and mush
room factories, or rather assemblers, the
business is in a healthy condition.
Frank W. Fuller of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and member of the executive
committee of the North California Di
vision, League of American Wheelmen,
will leave for New York to-night, partly
on a pleasure trip and partly to advance
the interests of the division among the
One :of the Prizes at the Blue
Ribbon Meet at the Velodrome
To-Day.
Eastern delegates to the National assem
bly next month. He is the first of the
California delegation to leave. The others
will follow in about a fortnight. The per
sonnel Of the delegation may have to be
somewhat changed. It stands now: Ker
rigan, Wynne, Scovern, Welch, Alexan
der, Smyth and Sheldon. Kerrigan,
Welch, Alexander and Smyth will go, but
the other three cannot get away. Mr.
Fuller will take the place of one of them
and two other substitutes will have to be
appointed by Chief Consul Kerrigan at
once. HsS£__£9i_P
Dave G. Shafer, the well-known and
popular trainer, who has in the past han
dled such champions as Sanger. Cabanne,
McCrea, Hamilton, Wells- and "Bob*
Terrill; will arrive here at 4:45 this after
noon from the East. Mr. Shafer's plans
are not known, but it is thought he comes
here to take charge of McFarland and
Stevens. When he was in the State last
winter with the Syracuse team he made
many friends and they will make it seem
like home to him when he gets hereto
night.
Cycling West has dispensed with its in
teresting San Jose correspondent, Mr.
Sey boldt, and as a result the only charm
which the paper had for its readers on
this coast has been removed. One could
sometimes get more satisfaction out oi a
column of Mr. Seyholdt's news that out of
the entire balance of the paper. .
Spalding.
THE GUN.
Sportsmen Enjoyed Good Shooting
on Bay Farm Island Years Ago.
Duck shooting " in the marshes that
• margin the 'bay is not as good as the
lovers of the sport would wish, and it Is
extremely doubtful if there will be any
shooting worthy of mention from now
until the close of the season, as the birds
have scattered throughout the country.
From Mount Eden and Alvarado news
has been received that some of the resi
dents of Alvarado have had good sport
during the past week popping spoonbills,
which are tolerably plentiful in the marsh
ponds. :vi*.."i'f; .-'.-.
Duck-shooting in the swamp lands near
San Pablo is said to be very fair, but
owing to the prevailing fine weather the
birds depart for the bay after they are
disturbed in their. feeding grounds. The
morning and evening shooting is very
good. .', '..\ . ..;
Among some of the prominent sports
men who thought nothing of bagging
thirty or forty ducks in a day's shoot on Bay
Farm Island in the seventies were: Jerry
Browell, Bill Clark, Judge Rix, Fred Van
Sicklen, John Stack, Dick- Brooks, Billy
Dugan, Fred Johnson, Ned Edwards, Bob
Lbwenberg, Harry Quinton, Harry Put
tocfc, E. Lynn, Tommy ' Potter, ' Tom
O'Brien, M. Ault, Bill Harrelson, Charles
Cate, Charles Precht, Henry Cohn, Judge
Carroll and o* hers, some of whom are to
day. as passionately fond of the game of
hit or miss as they "were twenty years ago.
But the birds are annually growing
scarce on the marshes within easy reach
of this City because of the large extent of
country in Southern California which has
within the past ten years been made fer
tile by the Irrigating system. In fact "a
large proportion of the wilu ducks which
are shipped to this City during the season
for shooting are killed on the plains of
Southern ' California, where, twenty years
ago, not a bird was seen at any time of
the year. Then, again, it is said that in
Alaska the ■ natives' gather thousands ". of
eggs of wild ducks' and geese which are
shipped to England yearly.
The Sportsman's Club ot Portland, Or.,
has appointed a committee to confer with
United States Senator Mitchell with a
view of introducing a bill in Congress to
stop the shipment of the eggs of aquatic
birds out of the country, and it would be
to tbe credit of sportsmen of this State if
the Olympic Gun Club, which is now the
strongest club *of its kind in California,
would appoint a committee : to interview
.Senator Perkins on the matter when he
arrives. • " ■: ;•..- ■" .'
Quail-shooting is said to be first class, as
the birds have forsaken the heavy timber
for the open country, where they can be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ; JANUARY 16, 1897.
found on the sheltered side of the canyons
enjoying their daily sun bath. :
Fred Butler, a prominent sportsman of
the Tamaipais Sportsman's Club, states
that he did not kill 125 birds in one day's
shooting at Point Reyes, and that what he
did bag was only an average mess.
"Yes, with my shooting companion,
Rudolph," said Butler, "our bag for
three days amounted to 109 birds, and not
125 as reported. Last Saturday and Sun
day I grassed eighty-four birds, and could
have killed over 100 if 1 desired, but being
a gentleman sportsman' I thought I would
leave a few birds for -stocking purposes.
You can therefore see that I am not a pot
hunter, as I kill all my birds on the wing,
and the ones I chance to miss are killed
by my companion. There is no such
thingas suffering among the feathered
families we attack either, as we kill our
birds clean and consequently cripples are
scarce in that part of the country."
The following letter is self-explanatory:
San Francisco, Jan. 12, 1897. ■
Sporting Editor: At Bakersfield, Kern County,
commencing next Monday, January 18, will
be held the annual field trials.
The number of entries is unusually large
and as they include many Eastern-bred dogs
the trials will carry much interest. - Quail are
very plentiful and good shooting Is guaran
teed to those desiring the same. The hotel ac
commodations are first class and rates rea
sonable. The Pacific Coast Field Trials Club
invites your presence. * John M. Kilgarif,
■-:•" :- Secretary.
John Tarns, a young Sau Franciscan,
who made his mark at Cripple Creek by
discovering and selling mines and thus
amassing a fortune, has returned to this
City and is indulging in his old passion
for duck-shooting. Last Tuesday he went
with his brother and invaded the Suisun
marshes for a couple of days. The genial
John, wfjo is noted for his truthfulness,
as admitted by a jealous brother, bagged
fifty-eight duck, to say nothing of snipe
and small birds.
The clucks were divided as follows:
Canvasback 17, teal 12, widgeon 9, sprig
12, mallard 8. ' The* actual hunting time
was less than eight hours as John got
stuck in the mud, and weighing as he
does 230 pounds, it took his brother and a
gamekeeper two hours, to get him out.
The brother threw a fence board for him
to cling to until the keeper went for a
block and tackle. A rope was then thrown
which the mired hunter made fast under
his arms while a stake was being driven
to make fast to. Tben he was snaked out
like a big redwood log. "Hadn't been for
that I'd killed a hundred," said .John;
"as it was,' I ouly go? forty-shots."
.An Eastern exchange says: Otis Fel
lows, who will soon have a traveling rec
ord to compare favorably with the Wan
dering Jew's, took out to California on this
trip a couple of beagles and a brace of
Irish terriers for John E. Doak of Stock
ton. The beagles are by Champion Royal
Krueger-Hornell Ruby, and the daredevils
are by Champion Crib-Limerick Lass —
breeding tbat is good enough for most
people.
THE RIFLE.
Annual Election of the Nord
Deutscher Verein.
In all probability there will be consider
able lively rifle-shooting at the Shell
Mound rifle range to-morrow. Compa
nies A and F of the Fifth Infantry Regi
ment will hold their monthly medal
shoot. Companies B and Lof the First
Regiment will hold similar contests. The.
Knights of the Red Branch will hold their
monthly class medal contests, and the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein members
will indulge in rifle practiced
The annual meeting and election of the
Nord Deutscher Verein was held recently
and the following were elected for the
ensuing year: August Meyer, president;
Henry Stelling, vice-president; Chr. C,
Schroeder, secretary; • William Mueller,
financial secretary; Otto i-chinkel, treas
urer; finance committee — Ernest F. Bar
ruth, Henry Miesner and Ludwig Siebe;
doorkeeper, George Stelling.
This organization is one of the most
prosperous in this locality, and its mem
bers are* nearly all enthusiastic, riflemen,
who aro able to hold their own against all
comers. It now has a membership of 400
on the club rolls. Aside from the shoot
ing feature, it is a beneficiary organiza
tion, and in case of sickness it pays its
members $10 a week. When a member
dies the family receives $400. In case the
wife of a member dies, he receives $100.
The regular dues are $1 per month.
The treasurer reported that there is $25,
--000 in the bank to the society's credit,
known as the reserve fund. The interest
of this fund is used for sick benefits and
death benefits. No assessments are made
upon the members unless the reserve fund
in the hands of the treasurer runs down
below $800. In the last year the society
lost fifteen members by death, but no as
sessments were levied upon the others,
and there still remains in the treasurer's
hands, exclusive of ihe reserve fund
stated, $3000. The society was organized
on November 5, 1874.
ROD AND REEL.
Grand Sport Is Now to Be Had in
Russian River— Fine Catches.
If the lovers 'of angling who fancy troll
ing for steelheads desire anything like
sport this winter, they .should journey im
mediately to Russian River, where the
fishing is now about as good as it will be
this year, notwithstanding that the net
fishermen are shipping from Duncans
Mills large numbers of the so-called
salmon to this City.
The railroad is patronized extensively
by the angling fraternity of this. City, still
it will transport fish over its line which
are taken by illegal, means, and the rev
enues derived by the company from such
shipments is not to be compared with the
financial support it receives from anglers
and sportsmen. With few exceptions the
nets used for the capture of steelheads .by
the fishermen who reside in the vicinity
of Duncans Mills are not of legal size, but
the Fish Commissioners say that their
treasury is empty, and consequently they
cannot afford to deputize 'an officer to
make arrests, and thus the matter stands.
The Supervisors of Sonoma County
some time ago , repealed an ordinance
which prohibited the ■. capture of . steel
heads at the mouth of the river by means
of nets which stretch from bank to bank,
and as a result few fish can now be seen
in the streams, that empty into the river:
. The netters, it appears, are not satisfied
with the. law as it reads relative to the
size of the meshes of nets that is permis
sible. Latest reports from Duncans Mills
state that the fishes are being caught in
nets the meshes of which are much
smaller than the law allows, yet some
steelheads escape the lines, as' may be
seen by the following, which is a copy of
a letter received yesterday at this office:
Duncans Mills, Jan. 15, 1897. .
Sporting Editor Call: The fishing of the last,
few days nas been very good, and if it does not
rain tome grand sport; will be had while the
river is in its present fine condition. Cross and
Wilson caught five yesterday evening, Crack
nell caught two and several were hooked and
lost. . I have just learned that the boy* are
having great sport this morning near the
mouth of Austin Creek. Butler, Gallagher
and Judge Evans are in the swim to-day. But
ler shipped three fish to the anglers' head
quarters, on Sutter street, to-day. The spoon
is doing the work. Yours truly, ;
I G. W. Morgan. 7
In all probability there will be a rush of
anglers to "the fishing banks" to-day, as
the weather conditions cannot be relied
upon ; the first rain will destroy the sport.-
The Golcher Bros, have received 1 some
beautiful grilse \ rods, and leaders which
anglers who are : desirous of having
the best quality of goods should see. Toe
rods in construction are something simi
lar to the tournament rods. H ; v .-
A few fish were caught during the week
at Point Reyes, but. is- safe to say that
anglers will not have real good sport until
netting at the mouth of the creek is
stopped. 7 ■■'.;■ " -. *-' :-■'"-'. '- '-.;',-' ■■-;' ':-■'•-- "•■
; An angler who returned yesterday from
Alvarado had two nice fish which he
caught in a slough within a mile of the
town. •" "V *■-,". •
; Handball.
The San Francisco ball • court has ar-
ranged the following athletic programme
for to-morrow : 7 .
P. Hutchinson and W. Kelly vs. P. Kelly and
D. Connelly; J. White and J. Collins vs. R.,
Murphy and E. Toy; M. Edwards and E. Curley
vs. W. Hamilton and M. McClure; M. McNeil
and P. .Ryan vs. D. Rodgers and W*. Manion ; C.
Pious and J. Kearney vs. G. McDonald and L.
Corraine; J C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet vs. P.
Donnelly and M. J. Kilgallon. •.'*:: ''
ON GRIDIRON FIELD.
Never-Defeated y. M. C. A. Team
to Meet Undefeated Lick School.
The Y. M. C. A.-Lick School game to
day at Central Park promises to be an ex
citing contest. There is personal enmity
and much rivalry behind the match.
Both teams play creditable football.
Lick has gone through the season with
out once meeting defeat. The school was
not a member of the State Academic Am
ateur League, and consequently the team
did not contest with St. Matthew's School
of San Mateo for the State championship
in the sub-coilegiate class. "• :.-
The little Y.M. C. A. lightweieht team
has an unprecedented record. It has been
organized three years, has played thirty
five games and. has never been defeated.
Its latest creditable showing was against
the University club team, which it defeat
ed in a practice game just before the re
cent society and charity game, in which
the army and navy team outplayed the
big university men. The Y. M. C. A.
eleven weigh on the average 132 pounds,
while the Licit School eleven average
twenty-five pounds heavier to the man.
The greatly superior weight of their op
ponents in to-day's game will compel the
Y. M. C. A. eleven to make particular use
of their trick and team plays. iv. ; : •",7~
Game will be called at 3 o'clock.
Syorting Editor Call— Sib: Last Tuesday the
Examiner - published an account of the game
between the Mill Valley Football Club and the
Themis of San Francisco, which was entirely
erroneous. Among other things it was stated
that the effective work behind tbe line on the
part of the -Mill Valley team won the game.
As It was the passing* was so poor that the
ball rarely left the quarter's hands, and when
it did reach its destination the runner was
generally downed -before he passed -his own
line. The score published by the Examiner
was Mill Valley 16, Themis 4. The cqrrect
score, which can be testified to by C. F. Re
gan, the referee, is Themis 6. Mill Valley 4.
The Themis played a good, clean name.
..".'-*" Edward P. ANTON.
A match of particular interest to the
League of the Cross Cadets and their
friends will be played at the Sixteenth
and Folsom street grounds on Sunday,
January 24. The Vallejo Ds will play the
Green Cs. Both teams have been prac
ticing for some time for the game. '7-7.
BASEBALL.
Games That Will Be Played To-
Morrow In This City.
The San Francisco Violets will play a
team from Santa Clara to-morow at Cen
tral Park, the proceeds to go to charity. .
A match game of baseball will be played
at Central Park to-m morrow morning
between the Postoffice clerks' team and a
team from Miller, Bloss & Scott. The line
up is as follows: /♦!:
Miller, a. & S.'*. Position. •• P. O. Clerks.
8arry....... Catcher T. Gorman
Beaton Pitcher G. Asmussen
Mengels,.. First ba5e. ....... .D. F. Supple
Hammer Second base C. Hinds
A. llrockhoff.. i Third-ba5e. ......F. Me.<eh-m
W. Brockboff ....... .Shortstop H. Caveney
Murray lett field.... ...J. Chard
Laruout Center field J. Dunnlgan
Scott..... Right field..... J. Powers
The Robin Hoods will play the Pioneers
to-morrow at Golden Gate Park. The
game will be called at 1:30 p. M. The
teams will line up as follows: Robin
Hoods— Duffy, catcher; Pariser, pitcher;
Burham, first base; Hammond, second
base; Cohn, third base; Fergherty, short
stop; Duddy. right field; Gonzalves, cen
ter field; McCarthy, • left field; substi
tutes—Humphrey and Green.
Pioneers— Hawkins, catcher; Russell,
pitcher; McShane, first base; Collins,
second base: Koyne, third base; Lin "ban,
shortstop ; Finn igan, right held; Haley,
center, field ; Whaiey, left field ;. substi
tutes Anglesey and Connolly. .r- " : ; '7.-
The Conway and Baumel baseball team
would like to hear from the San Fran
cisco Violets. The Conways have greatly
strengthened their team in having Reed
Beckett at. shortstop. He 'is an excellent
infielder and a hard hitter. Tom Magee,
who played with the Imperials last season,
is also a member of the team.
The make-up is as follows: W. -Fitz
simmons, catcher; John McCormick,
pitcher; VV. Stanton, first base; G. Sande
man, second base; F. Meacham, third
base; R. Beckett, shortstop; W. Bannis
ter, right field; T. Magee, center field;
Joe McCormick, • left field; J. .} Sheehan,
extra catcher.
Tha Conway & Baumel's will line up
against the Presidio! soldiers to-morrow
at the Presidio grounds for a purse of $25
aside. ; *-r'i >::"', '.;T"' : .T
THE OARSMEN,
South" Ends Gaining In Member-
ship— Alex Pape Takes Up
Rowing. ;'."•
,: The South Ends are rapidly gaining In
membership since tbe reduction of their
initiation fee. At a meeting last Tuesday
evening the following were proposed for
membership: Frank J. Burke, Joseph
Wieland, Maurice Pope, Louis .Ward,
Walter de Martini and M. J. Tiernan;
These are all .good athletes, and will
furnish excellent material for a junior
crew.
Frank Burke is quite an experienced
oarsman, having participated in several
regattas.
Although the weather was cold last
Sunday morning over twenty enthusiastic,
oarsmen left the boat house.
.The new senior -crew, under the direc
tion of Captain William Thomas, took a
long row to Hunters Point. . The crew
displayed marked inn rovement and will
make a mighty effort to beat the Stock
ton giants in the next regatta.
..: A new junior crew were out last: Sun
day. The following-comprised the crew:
T. Fitzpatrick, stroke; Hugh Mclsaacs,
afterwaist; Joseph Campodonico, forward
waist; Joseph Foley, bow. v :
This is the same crew that competed in
the Stockton regatta on September 9 with
the exception of J. Campodonico, who,
although a new member, has displayed
great ability as an oarsman. .
. About fifteen members of South Ends
were practicing at the park last Sunday.
From this number a team will be chosen
to . play, the - Dolphins. Another j practice
game will be played to-morrow and all
members are invited to participate. :
The baseball game at Hunters Point
between two teams of the Pioneer Rowing
Club was an interesting - event. ' The Pio
neers defeated the picked nine by a score
of 11 to 10. '■
The University ' Rowing Club intend to
hold a club regatta on February 27 or
March 6 over the estuary course. The
races will be open to outside clubs. •
Alex Pape 0.1 the Dolphins is being
coached by Adam Schubert and is rapidly
acquiring a knowledge of rowing.
HE TRIED HARD TO DIE.
J. B. Hennejssy,- a Carpenter, Jumped
Prom the Newark, hut Was Saved. '*
* J. B. Hennessy, a carpenter living at 220
Tehama street, being out of work and un
able to find employment either in this
City ; or in Oakland,* .jumped overboard
from the creek boat Newark yesterday
afternoon, 11 taking overboard , with him : a
piece of lead weighing twenty pounds that
he might be sure to sink. Captain Fred
erickson saw him' jump overboard and put
out a boat into which Hennessy. was taken.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital on
the arrival -of the boat on this side of the
bay. After a time he was able to walk
home. -'"••'■-•"''•_
•' -.Poison Was All Around.
W. J. Foster of 415 Eddy street has lost a
valuable fox terrier by poison. The pet was
found dead in his yard and poisoned meat was
found in several places. The mother of the
terrier was a prize-winner at the dog show.
HUMOR FROM THE
SUPREME BENCH
" '
Pleasantry in an Opinion
.Written by Justice
7 Temple. ;
Attorney Spencer -.-. of Lassen
County Won an Interesting
v Appeal Case. '
Justices McFarland and Henshaw Join
in a Learned Discussion of the
. ■>■■ Game of "Frog." .*
It is not often that public attention is
drawn to the rare wit and humor that lie
entombed in that somber" repository
known as the Reports of the California
Supreme Court.. It happened yesterday
that a sample of this heeling spirit of
pleasantry was developed '■ from one of
those formidable tomes during the pro
ceedings in Judge Slack's court, while an
application to strike out a big cost bill was
on hearing. The court and all the jurors
enjoyed the joke hugely. General W. H.
L. Barnes, who happened to be present,
seemed to be as happy as if listening to or
telling a good story at a Press Club jinks.
John A. Wall objected to the entire cost
bill in the suit of Kennedy and others
against the San Francisco and San Mateo
Construction Company and others. To
support his position he read an affidavit
to the effect that he had given notice of
the motion to strike out, and further that
the proposed cost bill had not been "de
livered" within the five days allowed by
law. -'-.^t. ' - • .
Attorney Anson Hilton, speaking on be
half of the cost bill instead of replying
to Mr. Wail's five-day proposition, made
a counter attack by saying that Mr. Wall's
motion to strike out was not made in the
ten days allowed by law, but that only
notice of such a motion had been filed,
though the actual motion .to strike out
came much later and therefore too late to
help Mr. Wall. _'*-; --':''
Judge Slack said he was willing to hear
argument and as Mr. Wall did not seem
to think that the assault on his proposi
tion was really serious Mr. Hilton said he
would read from a decision made by the
Supreme Court of California, the opinion
being written by the learned Justice Jack
son Temple and concurred? in by the
learned Justices T. B. McFarland and F.
W. Henshaw, the same being reported in
volume 41 of the Pacific Reporter, page
1095.
The original suit was begun by F. V.
Spencer against J. G. Leonard in the Jus
tices' Court at Susanville, Lassen County.
Spencer obtained judgment by default,
and Justice James Branham gave notice
that he would, thirteen days after the
entry of .default, take up a notice of an
application made by. Leonard for the set
ting aside- of. the default. Spencer, on
tbe date of the proposed hearing, applied
to Judge. W. T. Masten of the Superior
Court of Lassen County for a writ of pro
hibition to prevent Justice Branham irom
further considering the case on the ground
tbat be had lost jurisdiction, more than
ten days having expired after the default
was . entered. The Superior Court denied
the writ and Spencer appealed to the Su
preme Cour.t That august tribunal over
ruled both Judge Masten and Justice
Branham and held that ' Spencer was
right. Spencer & Raker and F. C. Spencer
appeared for the appellant, Goodwin &
Goodwin and J. "E. Pardee for the re
spondent., v .*,
Mr. Hilton read from the report of Jus
tice Temple's opinion as follows:
The written notice was handed to the Justice
of the Peace on Monday evening, and the
Justice was told to file it. He was not asked
to act upon it, and the ' counsel for the oppo
site party were not notified of any hearing
and were not present.' Indeed, respondent's
counsel seem to admit that the paper was
handed to the Justice at a time when no action
cou d be expected. Ihey hay that a Justice
courtis wherever' you -find the Justice, aud
that "attorneys, like other human beings, are
not above customs of a country, and it Is
at least awkward, if not downright impolite
ness, to stop the deal in a game of 'frog,' and
distract the attention of the 'swampers' from
.the contest of the 'widow' by injecting into
the proceedings, 'If your Honor please, as
attorney representing the defendant in Doe vs.
Roe, I respectfSUy move,' etc I How much
better to respect the rights of all, and when
the court is sipping the fruits of a well-earned
victory (his own, or some one else's) quietly
band him the paper, with a statement of Its
contents, and a request that it be filed; and if
the 'victories' have not been so frequent but
that he knows what he is asked for, and pro
ceeds thereafter to act upon the request, it
would seem that as much had been accom
plished as could have been by the most format
viva voce motion.
Justice Temple, -after making this quo
tation from the brief on file in the case,
adds : . . *:--"— >*f
Although not able to determine from the
language of the learned counsel what his
Honor was then doing I understand the state
ment as an admission that he. was not then
engaged in judicial work and was probably
not in a condition to do so. At all events no
present action was asked and none coula have
been had in the absence of the opposite party
without notice to him. • \tt-,x^;^T. .;: -.' :''•-'
After .disposing of the incidents of the
"frog" game Justice Temple deals with
the legal question in these words:
The question then is, When a motion must
be made upon .notice within a given period
can a party extend bis own time by filing a
written motion within the period and giving
notice of a bearing of the motion after the
time has expired?: To ask the question is to
answer It. • •*•■'■ .- -- , •■•,'•■ <".*-."...■. ■■ :*
i Applications for relief must be by motion,
and "making and not filing a written ap
plication for such rule or ordsr is not
sufficient. The attention of the court
must be called to it and the court
moved, to grant ■•- it." People vs. Ah
Sam, 41 Cal., 645. Here, although the* atten
tion of the court : may have been called tc it,
no present action was requested. If the mo
tion had been made, had the court continued
the hearing for argument or for - further evi
dence, it would not have lost jurisdiction, for
in such case. the application would have been
made in time. Judgment and order reversed.
Judge Slack, as was ' his duty, only
laughed at the humorous, comments of
the Supreme Court, and,' after looking
over the papers a moment, remarked that
it did not appear by any of the pleadings
that Mr. Hilton had served his cost bill,
and that Mr. Wall's affidavit ; was not
material because it simply alleged that
the cost bill was not "delivered" in time.
If it was intended to allege that it was
not "served" in time, the word "served"
ought to be used. Since the attorneys
were, insisting on % technicalities it ; was
necessary that the rules -should be en
forced in all their strictness. The lawyers
were given a week to settle their differ
ences or to amend their pleadings accord
ing as they were disposed.
LIQUOR-DE ALER 3/ ORGANIZE,
Protective Association of the State, of
. V California Elect Officers.
A convention of the retail liquor-dealers
was held yesterday afternoon in Concord
Hall, Alcazar building, at which, a. State
organization was - formed < under ; the i title
of the Protective Association of '-. the State
of California. The meeting was called to
order by J. B. Garland,* president of branch
No. 2 of the •California . State Protective
Association, In the course of his remarks
Mr. Garland ,-' stated i that ; branch No. 2,
which j was •" composed of the retail liquor
dealers of San Francisco, was organized to
meet the exigencies of the recent political
i campaign and protect the interests of the
liquor-dealers. ' Since the election, . the
wholesale liquor men had 'formed ta new
organization, the 5 operation and benefits
of which were confined exclusively to per
eon. engaged in the wholesale trade in
other words, the wholesalers had flocked
by themselves.-. . ■ -...„',
"In view of the fact that the Anti-Saloon
League is perfecting and i , * xt l ?^S ! "
organization throughout the -\ State it is
deemed expedient, continued the speaker,
that a permanent protective association of
the retail dealers be formed. J. L. Kaao
vich of Radovich Bros.. was elected chair
man and a temporary secretary was ap
pointed. A comprehensive system of by
laws was adopted and the following
permanent officers were elected: presi
dent, J. B. Garland; vice-president, Hi. a.
Fischer: treasurer, 0. Bozio; trustees-
Charles A. Zlnkand, Henry Pe ard, J. 1*
Radovich, 0. Bozio, E. A. Fischer, Joseph
M. Parker, J. B. Garland.
It is proposed to thoroughly organize
the retail liquor-dealers throughout ' Cali
fornia with the object of working in con
junction with the, wholesale! association
in protecting the interests of the traffic in
malt, vinous and. spirituous liquors.
THE PISTOL WAS LOADED.
Another Case of Folly Wherein a
. Young Boy .Was Shot.
Frank Rebbler, 26 years of age, nearly
killed his half-brother, Calalino Devricco.
16 years of age", with a small pistol at 416
Pacific street yesterday afternoon. They
were playing with the weapon when
it was discharged and the small
bullet made a slight scalp wound on
Devricco's head. Both were old enough
to have known better. ft*§t>lß*j
i)evricco was in bed nursing an injured
leg when his balf-brother entered the
room to show him his new revolver, one
of the cheap 22-caliber order. As he ap
proached the owner of the weapon ex
claimed "Now prepare to die," and his
remark was followed by an explosion and
a cry of pain from the injured lad. The
elder brother ran away in fear and Dr.
Caglieri was called. He found that, the
only damage to Devricco's head was a
scalp wound above and back of the
left ear. ■■/ ' . - ...
NO LONGER TO COMMAND
Captain George Chauncey Board
man Has Resigned From .
the Signal Corps.
Retires Because Pressure of Business
Will Not Permit Him to D.vote
Time to the Organization.
George Chauncey Boardman, captain of
the Signal Corps, Second Brigade, N. G. C,
at a meeting of the corps held on Thurs-
Capt. George Chauncey Boardman
day night, astonished the members of his
command by announcing that he had ten
dered his resignation and that it bad been
forwarded to Brigadier-General Warfield.
Captain Boardman, who is general agent
of one of the large insurance companies of
this City, expressed his deep regret to be
forced to take the step he had, but stated
that the nature of his business was such
that it was impossible for him to devote to
the corps the time required, and rather
than neglect his auties as a guardsman be
had concluded to retire and allow some
one who had the time to assume the com
mand of the corps. '
The announcement was a complete sur
prise to the signal men and it. was inti
mated that the fact of the captain
having been married last* October
might possibly have something to do with
the resignation; but that intimation was
silenced when it was announced that Mrs.
Boardman was opposed to his retirement
from the service. • *
Captain Boardman has been connected
with the National Guard since 1885. He
was private of the Cadet Company, Second
Artillery, January 29, 1885; corporal of the
-same, company March 1, 1886, and ser
geantofthe company November 1, 1886.
He was honorably discharged October 20,
1887. On the following day he enlisted as
a private in the Signal Corps of the First
Infantry, and on the Ist of April was
transferred to the Brigade Signal Corps.
May 21, 1889, he was elected sergeant of
the corps, and on the 3d of August he be
came first lieutenant of the Signal Corps
of the Second Brigade. On the retirement
of Captain A. A. Hanks he took command.
Since the organization of the Signal
Corps he has been an enthusiast in the
work, and ever since he has been in com
mand he worked hard and faithfully to
bring it up to its present efficiency. So
high a reputation has this company at
this time that-among National guardsmen
it is known as the "cracker jack company."
There is not a member of the corps but
feels sorry to part with the captain, .who
has won their esteem and highest respect.
Dr. ' O'Donnell Heads a Boxing Club.
' The Pacific Athletic Club has been organized
by Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, William 0. Mills, Gil
bert W. Pringle, F. E. Hills. J. W. Van Lau
rence, George W. O'Donned, C. J. Church.
The object of the association is to. encourage
such physical exercises as boxing, wrestling,
fencing, football and other sports of a similar
character. The capital stock is $2000.
THE VIGOR OF YOUTH.
ou never kn <»w how highly you prize
~f t/^s. x It until you begin, to see indications of its
V^^'-^JJfZT*^ loss. How. much" it has to do with your
V** OT*^^*v'-\v - happiness.'confidence in yourself, you peace
L » it until you begin to see indications of its
\ 1° 9S - How much it has to do with your
f W^2sw >. happiness, confidence in yourself, your peace
* f .- J> ft/ "■'■ /\ \ -;'- of mind and your ambition for the future
f • "*1 jr"/*"" ""V * \ We all like to feel young— like to be young
/V " **'s/' «wO%" J iD th vigor of brain and other Vital owe
IV"• *■ \J\SSs\\\\a\m^^ The weakness and disease which ages peo-
' <f^U ; --^t^'^ .Jjfil/^^ * Pie before their time is not the result of ac-
V; }'y^' ■'.* 'j/iW_ cumulated years; it is the effect of wrong
' v \\W living, excess and dissipation. The "vital
i . .-* .-^ ' • Power is drained'from the nerves; the foun-
dation of manly vigor is gone. The animal magnetism— the electricity— is wasted.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is a sterling remedy for these symptoms. It restores youthful energy It cannot
bring back the years when they are gone, but it can restore' the vigor that should
never have been lost but for the mistakes of youth. The thousands of men who fee
old at 35 and 40, ; when they ; should be at their • best, can be made to feel as good as
nature intended them at that age. Scientific men now recognize the. worth of Dr
Sanden s Electric Belt as a tonic for wean nerves, and it enjoys a wonderful sale '
■ Read "Three Classes of Men," Dr. Sanden's book. It will be sent closely sealed,
s-A.r-r_p*E_-Kr :E__i_EOT2=t.xo . CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
.Office hours— A. M.-to 8:30 P.M. : Sundays. 10 •toi. i™ »n«.i., nmA_ ««. - .■_ „
Wa^OT°R* tla si , t ?^ 2 rn?,J V^ , lng . t on «™>»'™^ Broa *
-. i<uii..— Make no mistake in the number— Maiket street. """•'
...7 «v """""".eiS a Market street, .-• - r
A. W. FOSTER HAS
WON HIS FIGHT
Sidney V. Smith Not a Di
rector of the S. F. and
N. P. Railway.
Outcome of the Hot Fight Made
' for the Control of the
Company.
— : _.
Decision' of the Supreme Court Over
turning the Findings of Judge
Angelotti. %
President A. W. Foster of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railway Company
has won his fight in the Supreme Court in
the case of Smith and others against the
company. The court handed down a de
cision of great length yesterday, reversing
the order by Judge Angelotti of Marin
County denying a new trial. The whole
history of the contention made by Sidney
V. Smith and others was gone into. The
court found that the stock held in. the
names. of Sidney V.' Smith, A. W. Foster
and Andrew Markham had- been pooled
for five years; that the stock-pooling
agreement was not unlawful; that the
agreement between the three gentlemen
was susceptible of being used as a proxy,
and that a majority of the three parties to
the agreement could vote all the stock.
The decision was not based upon tech
nicalities in any respect. "The Superior
Court erred," so the decision reads, "in
finding that Gundecker and Wagner were
bona-fide stockholders in the defendant
company, and also in refusing to receive
in evidence the instrument of March 22
and tbe evidence offered by the defendant
in connection therewith for the purpose
of sustaining the averments of their
answer." •  "7^7
The suit grew out of a struggle for the
control of the road. An election for di
rectors was held at the annual meeting of
the stockholders, February 25, 1896, at
which the question of control was put to
a practical test. At that meeting the votes
offered by Sidney V. Smith, Peter Gun
decKer and G. E. Wagner were rejected.
A. W. Foster and Andrew Markham voted
the 42,000 shares, which had been a part of
the estate of James M. Donahue. The re
sult was that when the votes were counted
Sidney V. Smith was not one of the de
clared directors-elect. Those who were
declared elected were: Antoirre Borel, A.
W. Foster, Andrew Markham, P. N. Lilien
thal, George A. Newhall, James B. Stetson
and John L. Howard. ; -Vv
The votes of Peter Gundecker and G. E.
Wagner were rejected, as well as Sidney
V. Smith's. The reasons assigned were
that- Gundecker aud Wagner were
not bona-fide - stockholders, and that
Smith," by virtue of" his agreement with
Foster and Markham, had pooled the
stocks held in their names on the books
for a period of five years, to be voted as a
unit during that period, and that it wan
cast by Foster and Markham in pursu
ance or that agreement. If the votes thus
cast had be n received Smith would have
been elected a director instead of Liiieu
thai. *
Judge Angelotti found, in the suit
which was brought subsequent' to the
election of directors, to have Smith de
clared a director instead of : Lilienthal,
that both Gundecker and Wagner were
bona-fide stockholders and that their
votes should have been received; also
that the agreement to which Smith was a
party with Foster and Markham did not
preclude Smith voting the stock standing
in his name as he might choose. Judg
ment was therefore rendered by Judge
Angelotti that Lilienthal had not been'
chosen as a director and was not entitled
to exercise the office; also that Smith had
been chosen and was entitled to be recog
nized as a director. -."
A motion for a new trial was made,
which was denied by Judge Angelotti.
The .status ;of the Smith, Wagner and
Gundecker stock was discussed fully by
the Supreme Court yesterday. "We are
very clear,"* so reads the opinion, "that
one in whose name stock has baen regis
tered upon the books of the corporation,
but who has never had any interest in the
stock and is only a dummy for the real
owner, and when the object of such regis
tration was for the admitted purpose of
enabling the real owner to avoid certain
statutory liabilities, whether said purpose
would be effectual or not, is not a bona
'fide stockholder and should not be allowed
to vote at an election."
Concerning the Smith stock the court
found, in addition to the fact that the
agreement'must be held as a proxy, that
the agreement could not be considered
illegal by reason of being in restraint of
trade, nor illegal or against public policy
to separate the voting power of the stock
from its ownership.
Underlying the contest over the election
of directors was the question of consolida
tion with the , North Pacific Coast. To
this the Foster party was opposed.
Criminal* Sentenced by Judge Wallace.
Judge Wallace passed sentences on a lot of
criminals yesterday morning. The penalties
imposed were as iollow3: William H. Brittan,
convicted of manslaughter, to serve ten years
in the State prison at San. Quenttn; Charles
Harris, alias Clarence Traverse, burglary, ten
•years in San Quentln; Charles Urbhause,
grand larceny, ten years in San Queutin. Johu
Rooney, charged with assault with a deadly
weapon, pleaded guilty to assault and was
sentenced to the County Jail for one month.
Mrs. YTorthington in San Quentln.
After numerous delays and stays of execu
tion, Mrs. Worthington, the slayer of Baddeley,
was sent to the State prison at San Quenttn
yesterday for the purpose of serving . out the
remainder of her sentence.CHINESE BLOOD
AT FEVER HEAT
War Liable to Break Out
Again in Chinatown's
Alleys.
Fierce Quarrels Cause Trouble
Enough in the Kong Chow
Asylum.
The See Yup-Sam Yup Boycott Con
tinues to B; a Disturbing Cause
Here and in Ch'na.
Chinatown is again in an uproar. The
maxims of Confucius have been tossed
into dark, ill-smelling cellars, and the
war god claims the supreme attention of
the Celestial optic nerve.
Tne __ong Chow Asylum fi_ht has
broken out again, this time the strife be
ing augmented by an internal dissension
that ha* resulted in the boycotting of
eight Kong Chow merchants by their own
fellow-members.
News reached Chinatown a few days ago
that the president ol the King Yung Com
pany, who returned to China lately, had
been degraded in office and his property
confiscated, and tbat he was obliged to flee
to the Straits Settlement to avoid death.
The reason assigned for the disaster was
that be had been an active participant in
the See Yup-Sam Yup controversy, which
the Chinese Minister at Washington had
ordered to cease.
Then Lee Poy, a director of the Kong
Chow Asylum, claimed to have received
news that several of his relatives had beeu
thrown into prison and thirty-five of them
attacked for the same reason. Affairs at
once reached fever heat.
Lee Lun Yuen, the president of the
Kong Chow Asylum, at once had posters
placarded over the dead walls of China
town reading as follows:
Our Kong Chow has more men in the See
Yup company than any other body. Our
members are getting Into trouble at home on
account of the boycott against the Sam Yups.
Yang Yu has received orders from the Gover
nor at Canton to breaK up the boycott These
men will be set free and their property re
turned if the boycott is declared oil".
Therefore in the name ol the Kong Chow
Asylum 1 hereby declare the boycott against
the Sam Yups off.
• The posters bore the signatures of Lee
Lun Yuen and about a dozen directors.
Their appearance caused great excitement,
and even as late as last night Officer
Owens bad ail be could do to keep Spoftord
alley clear.
Then various members of t' c Kong
Chow arose in wrath and declared vocifer
ously that this was only another trick of
Ihe local Chinese Consul, and that their
officers had been bought off. They added
to the disturbance by posting other flam
ing placards to the effect that no matter
"what action the officers might take the
boycott was still on.
Ihe names of several stores whose pro
prietors were known to be in favor of
peace were also pasted on the dead walls,
With the request that although members
of the Kong Chow Asylum they should
be boycotted by their own members. The
names of the stores are the Thing Hi, the
Tiunc* John, the Hon Hi, the Lung Sing,
the Gooee Lung, the Hop Wall Lung, the
Fong ; ng Hi and the Mow Hing.
The See Yup Association is composed of
'our bodies, the Kong Asylum, and the
King Yung, the Hop Wah and the Sue
Hing companies. As the latter three
have so far remained quiescent, the peace
movement on the part of the president
and directors of the Kong Chow appears
only to have created internal dissension
in that body.
There are also other wars and rumors of
wars in the Chinese quarter. The Sue
Sing has indulged in a good many threats
of late as regards avenging the murder of
Chew Ging, which occurred a few weeks
ago on Jackson street, and if bullets do
not fly pretty soon it is not due to any
adherence to the ethical part of religion on
the part of the highbinders.
A Chinese named Lee Fook has forthe
last seven or eight days kept himself in
strict seclusion, owing to a few gentle
hint? that it would not be safe for bim to
promenade the streets. This is not on
account of a highbinder feud, but merely
for personal reasons.
About three weeks ago Liv Tung, who
rnns an opium Joint on Duncourt alley,
off Jackson street, between Dupont and
Stockton, was arrested for selling opium
to FooK. The fact that the latter, who^e
business is that of guide, had been seen in
conversation with a police officer a few
hours before the arrest was deemed suffi
cient evidence that he was a stool-pigeon,
and that meant trouble.
Fook's friends warned him that his life
was in danger, and he kept bidden. Last
night he went with the police to Fung's
place, and had it explained to the heathen
in charge — Fung being absent that he
•was not responsible for the arrest.
The frightened man also made an earn
est plea in his own behalf. This shows
the fear that pervades the entire Chinese
quarter. Fung's associates were warned
to keep the peace.
Cases of blackmailing are frequent. The
latest is that tried upon a merchant
familiarly known as "Billy Cakes." What
with blackmailing schemes, bitter feuds,
tbe See Yup-Sam Yup boycott and the
latest trouble in the Kong Chow Asylum
things in Chinatown are ripe for a busy
time at the Morgue in the near future.
CRUSADERS COMING HERE.
After a Tour of the World They Are
Returning From Australia.
The little band of Theosophical crusad
ers that started from Boston in April last
are expecfed to arrive here from Australia
about the llth or 12th of February.
They are to dedicate the new College of
Theosophy, the location of which is being
kept a secret. In speaking of the matter
yesterday Dr. J. A. Anderson said:
"The site is that of an ancient temple
somewhere in this State. It was here
when this part of America was a part of
the continent of Atlantis. That is all I
know about the matter. It will be made
public on the arrival of the crusaders. We
expect it will be a very larrre affair, as
representatives from all over the coast
will be here to take part in our meeting.
It will be held in Odd Fellows' Hall. The
college will bo for t c revival of the lost
mysteries of antiquity."
The crusaders are Ernest Hargrove, the
honorary president of ail the National or
organizations. and acting president of the
society in America; Miss Katherin A.
Tingley, successor o: Mme. Blavatsky, the
bead of the occult portion of theosorhy;
Claude Falls Might, who was private sec
retary of Mme. Blavatsky; William Q.
Judge, Mrs. Judge, Francis Pierce, repre
senting he school for the revival of anti
■qnities; Henry H. Patterson, Rev. Mr.
Williams and Mrs. Alice M. Cleat-cr.
I Kun Down by a Car.
V Patrick McDermott, a teamster in the em
\f> oy of Gladding & Mcßean, was a patient yes
terday morning at the Receiving Hospital.
He was driving his truck on Ellis street near
the comer of Fillmore when the electric car
struck his right forward wheel, demolishing
the truck and throwing McDermott to the
pavement. He sustained -a laceration of the
scalp and one of his horses received a broken
leg. The horse subsequently had to be shot. '
The New Orphanage to Be Built at Gilroy for the Children of Odd Fellows.
[Reproduced from a drawing by the architect, William Binder.]
PLANS FOR THE
HEW ORPHANAGE
The Heme for Parentless
Children of Odd
Fellows.
It Will Be Built at Gilroy on a
Tract Donated by Mrs.
C. A. Hoxett.
The Building It Has Been Decided to
Erect Will Accommodate One
Hundred Children.
Mrs. C. A. Hoxett of Gilroy, Mrs. M. F.
Thorndike of Stockton, Mrs. Olive Allen
of Santa Rosa, and Mrs. Mary E. Donoho
of the board of trustees of the Orphans'
Home of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, appointed by the State assembly
of the Order of Rebekahs of California,
after a number of protracted sessions,
decided yesterday upon a plan for the
home which will be erected in Gilroy.
There is another member of the board,
but she was by reason of illness prevented
from attending the sessions.
Some time ago the parent order erected
a homo for aged Odd Fellows at Ther
malito, Butte County, but it has no ac
commodations for orphan children of
members of the order, so the ladies of the
Order of Kebekahs, which is a branch of
the parent order, thought they would see
what they could do for the little waifs,
and after a long discussion, they deter
mined to start an orpnanage. Many sites
were offeied after the ladies had received
assurance that their work would receive
the support of the membership through
out the jurisdiction, and they were all
carefully examined and the -various ad
vantages claimed for each were fully con
sidered.
At last it was decided to accept a tract of
five acres of land in Gilroy, generously
offered as a free gift by Mrs. C. A. Hoxett.
The citizens of Gilroy became enthusiastic
when they learned of the choice and
through a committee announced their de
termination to contribute $2000 to the
building fund.
Numerous plans for a building were of
fered, and the ladies, assisted by the ad
vice of ex-Judge Davis Louderback, the
board's legal adviser, selected one sub
mitted by Architect William Burill of
San Jose.
The tract donated by Mrs. Hoxett is
within five minutes' walk of the heart of
Gilroy and fronts on Forest lane. The
ground is level, but so situated that the
drainage is satisfactory. The site com
mands gas and water privileges and the
surroundings are admirable.
The building to be erected has a central
or main portion with a wing connected by
short wide hallways; all portions are to
be full stories ana basement. The main
entrance, which will face south, will be
fronted by a large porch with a balcony
over it. On the ground floor will be the
matron's room and parlor; back of these
will be eight bedrooms on the left of the
rotunda, and on the right two large class
rooms so arranged that they can be con
The Late M. B. Moraghan, the Pioneer Oyster-Grower.
Michael B. Moraghan is no more, and with his death a familiar character and
a man genial and well known to bobemians has been removed from the California
Market. He was the first planter and extensive importer of oysters in this State.
The present large Moraghan oyster beds at Burlingame and Milbrae were estab
lished by him. They were bis property at the time of his death. He was born in
Ireland fifty-two years ago. In 1859 he came to California from Missouri. .He
was one of the original occupants of the California Market and maintained a
business there continuously. His death occurred late Thursday night at his
residence, 431 Thirteenth street, and resulted from a nve days' illness with con
gestion of the heart. Five tons, three daughters and a widow survive him. Mr. :
Moraghan was a member of Excelsior L dge No. 166, Free and Accepted Masons,
and was also a member of tke Han Francisco Royal Arch Masons. .'~\[" ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
verted into an assembly hall or lecture
room. Back of the rotunda will be the
dining-room and kitchen. There will also
be a rear porch.
On the upper floor will be sleeping
apartments for the officers, dormitories for
girls, two large bedrooms and quarters for
servants. The building will be furnished
with all the modern conveniences and
will be well lighted and ventilated. The
basement will" be large and roomy and
will be fitted up for laundry and store
rooms.
The trustees feel proud of the work they
have already achieved and are expecting
further contributions to place the orphan
age, which will accommoaate a hundred
children, on a solid financial basis.
PACIFIC COAST FISH.
Statistical Agent William A. Wilcox
Collecting I acts for Ills Forth
coming "Report.
William A. Wilcox, statistical agent for
the United States Commission of Fish and
Fisheries, is at the Grand Hotel. He has
been on a visit to San Diego and points
along the coast in the interest of the Fish
Commission, and has been collecting ma
terial for his annual report.
Mr. Wilcox's territory extends from San
Diego to Cape Flattery. He collected the
facts for a book of over 300 pages, includ
ing many handsome plates, as a report of
the fisheries of the Pacific Coast for 1895.
What he has been getting for the past
year is supplementary. Mr. Wilcox does
not see anj' large profit in the salmon
| canning business considering the present
j prices. In fact, he says the canners had
j all tbey can do to pay 4 cents for taking
the fish and paying the other expenses.
"I do not see," he continued, "where
there is much money in it. 1 have taken
a good deal of pains to examine into the
salmon business. It has not lately been
productive of much profit.
"The oyster business centering in San
Francisco is one of the most important
branches of the fishing industry in Cali
fornia. San Francisco firms with exten
sive beds of native and Eastern oysters
are the only planters of oysters in this
State. Each fall and spring, as those in
the fishing business are aware, seed oysters
! in carload lots are brought from the At
i lantic coast and planted in the bay. For
several years as many as 100 carloads,
averaging ninety barrels of seed oysters
to the car, have been planted each year.
j Some oysters have also been brought
' from the beds in the State of Washington.
If it were not for this constant planting
of seed oysters the beds would soon be
come exhausted, for the natural propaga
tion does not keep up with the demand."
Ten small sailing vessels are engaged in
bringing the oysters here as they are
needed. Oysters brought from the Atlantic
coast and planted in the Washington beds
retain their flavor, though the Washington
oysters have a strong copper flavor which
they also retain when planted in the Cali
fornia beds.
Special Agent A. B. Alexander, who
has recently been gathering information
on the Columbia River, is with Mr. Wilcox.
He has just returned from the north.
Three Sudden Death*.
Early yesterday morning George W. Sawin
died alone and unattended in a little shanty
in Duncan court. Sawin was 74 years of age
and a native of Massachusetts. Old age was
the cause of death. Ho bad been dependent
upon charity for a long time past.
A sailor named Hanson expired suddenly
from heart disease yesterday morning while
working for F.inn & Treasy. street contractors,
on Linden avenue and Laguna street.
Charles Schulz, or Bruno Bobtalß, formerly a
nigntwatchman at the Philadelphia House,
expired suddenly early yesterday morning in
a lodging-house at 519 Sacramento street. He
had been ill for several weeks. The imme
diate cause of death was pneumonia.
"Simply a good old ale" tells in a straight
forward, honest way just what Evans' India
Pale Ale really is. Sherwood _*. Sherwood,
Pacific Coast agents. *
PROMOTING THE
BURNS MONUMENT
-
Caledonian Club Gives the
Movement an Unmis
takable Impetus.
A Committee cf Forty Members
and an Appropriation
of $1000.
By Resolution Others Besides Cale
donians Are Permitted to Serve
on the Committee.
The Bums monument movement re
ceived a considerable impetus last night
at the regular meeting of the Caledonian
Club ia Scottish Hall, on Larkin street.
Clansman Y. C. Lawson, who is assist
ant auditor of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press, offered the following resolution :
Whereas, In view of the fact that the Cale
donian Club of San Francisco is desirous of
honoring the memory and immortal genius of
the poet, Robert Burns, whose works have
been read and enjoyed the world over, by all
nations and by people in every station in life,
and whose memory is dear to every one who
admires all that is Dure and noble and true in
the characters he has depicted so well; there
fore be it
Resolved, That it is the earnest wish of the
Caledonian Club to see a monument erected
in Golden Gate Park, in this City, to the mem
ory of Robert Burns that shall be a credit not
only to the Scottish residents, but to the City
and citizens of San Francisco. Be it further
Resolved, That the Caledonian Club sub
scribe toward the erection of said Burns mon
ument the .entire net - proceeds of its annual
gathering and games each . year until the
monument has been erected, together with
such other donations as the club may deem
advisable.
To this end I herewith submit the following
resolution:
An additional standing committee shall be
established, to be known as the Burns monu
ment committee, such committee to consist of
the chief, the four chieftains, together with
lii teen members of the club, to oe named by'
the chlet not later than the first meeting in
February, 1897.
The duty oi this committee shall be to take
entire control of the erection of the proposed
Burns monument and to devise ways and
means to secure sufficient funds lor that pur
pose. They shall. have power to add to their
number not exceeding twenty members, or
non-members, of this club, making the total
number of the committee not to exceed forty
persons. They shall have power to fill any
vacancies which may occur.
This committee shall not be subject to para
graph 1, article 13, of the by-laws, but shall
serve without pay and shall serve until said
monument is erected and unveiled and until
all bills in connection with said monument
shall have been paid, and they shall report at
least quarterly to the club.
They snail have full power to act, but all the
business of this committee shall be transacted
in the name of the Caledonian Club oi San
Francisco.
Any duties which it may be necessary for
this committee to perform, and which are not
herein specified, shall be referred to the club
for action.
The Caledonian Club agrees to pay the cur
rent expanses of this committee until it has
turned over to said committee the net pro
ceeds from the annual gathering and games
to be held on the last Saturday in May, 1897.
The resolution was unanimously adopted
with the exception of that portion of it
which appropriates funds, which, under
tie by-laws, "must lay oyer till the next
meeting.
A resolution was also read appropriating
from the funds of the club $1000 as a con
tribution to the Burns monument fund.
Under the by-laws this also went over to
the next meeting.
FUNERAL OF A SOCIALIST.
An Oration Delivered in the City Cem
etery Over Society's Extremes.
The funeral of Olaf Pearson, aged 43, a
native of Sweden, who died last Monday
at the City and County Hospital, took
place yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock
from the undertaking parlors of H. Suhr
& Co., Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth.
Out of respect to the deceased's sym
pathy for the socialist cause a funeral
committee of two, consisting of Theodore
Krause of ttie German branch and Theo
dore Lynch of the Liberty branch, at
tended the obsequies, acting as pall
bearers. At the grave Theodore Lynch
took occasion to pay a farewell tribute to
the fidelity of character and devotion to
principle that characterized their dead
comrade.
The poverty of the surroundings, a
lonely grave in the potter's field, after a
life of toil and sickness and suffering, so
overcame the speaker thnt he commenced
to depict in bitter terras the extremes of
society when both have succumbed to
death. The speaker pointed to the gor
geous marble shafts and granite pillars,
whose ornate columns stood guard over
the last abode of the tenants in the ad
joining cemetery, and arraigned in bitter
terms of reproach the social system that
discriminates between those who live in
idleness and luxury and the industrious
poor, whose lives are spent in poverty and
hardship, and whose graves are marked
by obscurity, with rude, rough boards as
silent epitaphs. — ■
• • — ** a
Merrillion Fined for Contempt.
R. P. Merrillion sold his box factory to
Meyers, Currick & Williams for $17,500, and i
agreed not to engage in that business for three'
years. He attempted to break this agreement,
and Judge Hebbard issued an order requiring
him to desist. He did not heed the order, so
the Judge fined him $100 yesterday for con
tempt of court. . '-\ v 7
Modern Life In Palestine.
A special matinee will De given at the Y. M.
C. A. this afternoon at 3 o'clock by W. Haskett
Smith in which he will describe his home life
in Palestine during his many years' residence
there.
AFTER THE STRAW
BOND CLERKS
The Grand Jury Looking for
Bonds That Cannot
Be Found.
Experts Expected to Make Some
Very Interesting Revela
tions.
1
The Judge Campbell Inquiry Will Be
Begun on Monday at a Special
Session.
Experts have been put upon the books
of the late Police Court clerks at the in
stance of the new Grand Jury, and revela
tions of the most interesting but not un
expected character are loosed for by that
body.
The straw bond question, which has
been a live one in police circles since the
memory of man can recall, will, it is in
timated, have a fresh illustration in that
of the clerks themselves.
It is said that certain of tbe bonds of
these ex-clerks are missing and not to be
found, so that in case the expert makes
discoveries that would lay the bondsmen
liable, there will be some difficulty in re
covering from them.
William E. Lutz, secretary of the jury
and chairman of the committee on courts,
submitted a partial report yesterday
which dwelt particularly on the straw
bond evil.
Secretary Lutz has proposed in con
junction with District Attorney Barnes a
bill to be presented to the Legislature,
which is calculated to correct this evil to
a certain extent. It provides that the
District Attorney shall appoint the prose
cuting attorneys in the Police Courts and
have a general supervision of their duties;
that the County Clerk shall appoint the
clerks in the several Police Courts and be
responsible for tbeir acts, and that the
Sheriff shall appoint the bailiffs in the
courts and be responsible for their acts.
The session of the Grand Jury yesterday
was very short, an adjournment being
taken to Monday, when a special sessio n
will be beid.
An inquiry will then be begun with re
gard to the allegations to the effect that
Judge Campbell has been addicted to
Jeav'ng his blank certificates of release in
the hands of irresponsible parties about
tbe City.
Benard and O'Brien, the saloon-keepers
who. were most particularly mentioned,
were subpenaed to appear before the jury
yesterday and responded, but they were
not called upon, the matter being post
poned until Monday. *••* :
TOKENS OF THEIR ESTEEM.
Presentation of Fine Badges to Much-
Respected Native Sons — "Sews
Among the Lodges.
..Last Wednesday evening Joseph E.
O'Donnell, D. D. G. P., assisted by O. L.
81-sckman, P. P., as marshal and Henry
F. Pernau as secretary, installed the fol
lowing named officers of Caliiomia Parlor
No. LN.S. G. W. : J. O'Dwyer, P. P. ; Dr.
Howard Harrington, P.; E. Gauthier Jr.,
J. F. Bernerd and E. C. Lewis, vice-presi
dents; Frank B. Ryan, R. S. (twelfth
term); B. F. Hanlon, F. S.; H. F. Pernan,
T., and John O'Gara, M. At the close of
the ceremonies President Harrington, on
behalf of the parlor, presented to 0. L.
Blackmail, the retiring president, a hand
some gold badg-, alter which Grand Sec
retary. Lunstedt, in the name of the
parlor, presented Frank B. Ryan, its
courteous and efficient recording secre
tary, with a gold and diamond badge, as a
token of appreciation of his services and the
high esteem in which, he is held by all the
members. There are but few members of the
order who have made more true friends than
Secretary Ryan.
The members of National Parlor No. 118, N.
S. ('. W., gave their ninth annual banquet ln
California Hall last Thursday evening. There
was a tempting menu to which all did ample
justice, after which there were a number of
toasts and respohscs, and as the nieht wore on
"Bruin felt very much tickled." The banquet
committee was composed of Willis M. Brown,
Martin Ratigan, W. E. Fett, William G. Barr,
Fred Glocker.
The officers of the parlor are: Willi** M.
Brown, president; W. E. Fett, first vice
president; William G. Barr, second vice
president; E. M. Hall, third vice-president;
Walter Doughty, recording secretary; G. J.
White, financial secretary; P. G. dv Py, treas
urer; F. P. Wehe, marshal; Charles Hever,
O. C. Kiefer and F. T. Martens, trustees; Fred
Hansen, inside sentinel; George Vaughn, out
side sentinel. Its past presidents are: C. L.
Tilden, H. A. Ranh, E. N. Snook, J. T. Dts
naugh, G. W. Huper-, Henry Koch, P. G. Dv
Py, W. S. Grattan, C. W. Heyer, George W.
Koch, O. ('. Kiefer, W. V. Doughty. E. N.Boyle,
W. E. McCreery, H. L. Lilkendey, M. at. Rati
gan, D. K. Murden.
The officers of Precita Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
were installed with due ceremony in Manner
bund Hall by Deputy Lansing in public. The
officers are: P. P., J. J. Flynn; President, H.
S. Spaulding; vice-presidents— A. J. Granville,
C. A. Smith. C. J. Ward; M., C. Cavanuugh;
R. 8., J. M. Hlclcey; F. S., D. J. Wren; trustee.
O. L. Thomas. Tho installation was followed
by a musical programme and dancing.
Independent Foresters.
High Vice-Chief Ranger Charles S. Peery,
assisted by W. L. White and L. A. Keon, dis
trict deputies, have installed the following
officers of Court Yerba Buena No. 913, 1. 0. F. :
C. D. H. C. R., William B. Currier; physician,
Dr. H. M. Black: C. R., J. W. Keller; P. C. R.,
L. W. Vezlna; V. C. R., G. Miuradees; R. S,.
Ben I. 8ilonion; F. S., L. Balart; T., Emll
Petroschka; C, A. L. Cavellier; H. W.. L. Met
ters; J. W., L. Lightbody; S. 8., W. H. A.
Schnoor; J. W. , B. K. Case.
The ceremony was followed by an informal
smoker, during which there were speeches,
music and recitations by Messrs. Peery, While,
Keon. Currier. Beck and Solomon.
This court will give its inaugural entertain
ment and social on the 2d of February, when
some of the best amateur talent in the City
will contribute their share to making the
affair a success. .
Liberty Lodge, Knights of Honor.
The following officers were . installed by
Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald assisted by
Grand Guide T. Leonard and F. D. Elder of
Friendship Lodge: Jules Voisinet, P. D. ; Harry
Burton, D. ; B. E. George, V.D.; Joseph Lee,
A. D. ; Ben I. Salomon, R. ; W. J. Langstaff,
F. R.; R. A. A. Summers, T. ; H. A. McKenney,
C; Altas M. Hollingsworth. guide; L. Wey
newsky, guardian; George Fex. S. After the
installation there was spent an hour or two in
pleasant intercourse. -\'9'\
. Foresters of America.
Grand Junior Woodward J. Samuels installed
the officers of Court Sutro Heights, F. O. A., on
Thursday night. The new officials are: I_
Livingston, P. C. R. ; L. N. Boukofsky, C. R. ;
G. K. Small, 8. C. R. ; W. B. Faulkner, T. ; E. S.
Harking, F. S.; Powel Frederick, R. S. ; F. G.
Low, 8. W. ; S. A. Quinn, J. W. ; W. T. Grimes,
S. B. ; C. W. Ingham. J. B.; S. J. Strong, K. N.
Boukofsky and P. W. Hamnierschmidt, trus-
tees.
The officers of Court Palo. Alto, F. O. A., were
installed on Thursday night, and those who
will serve are: J. B. Kasser, P. C. R. ; L. Kel
niuk, C. R. ; M. S. Meyer, S. C. R.; A. Bern
stein, T.; Leo Kaufmann, F. S. : H. Kaufman,
"R. S.; J.Raphael. S. W. ; S. Elberg. J..W.; L.
Kahn, S. B. ; J. Jacobs, J. B.; M. A. Cachot,
physician.-* *■-••
Judge Frank H.Dunne, a member of this
court, has offered a very handsome prize, In
the shape ot an emblematic locket, , to the
member who will bring in the greatest number
of candidates during a period closing on the
last day of next March.
Comanche Tribe No. 79, I. O. K. M.
The elected and appointed chiefs of Co- j
manche Tribe No. 79, 1. 0. R. M., were raised j
up at their wigwam at E'mhurst last Wednes
day evening by district Deputy Great Sachem
W.J. Keating. The elective chiefs for the en
suing term are: Sachem, Charles H. Hunts
man; prophet, R.M.Smith; senior sagamore,
Frank B. Vose; junior sagamore. L. T. Hig
gins; keeper of wampum, M. S. Show; chief of
records, W. B. Zimmerman. The appointed
chiefs are: Philip Barbln, first sannap; A. S.
Lewis, second sannap^M. Nulty, first warrior;
Charles Taube; second warrior; H. Meyers,
third warrior; Dr. W. F. Lynch, fourth war
rior; J. L. Sill, first brave; W. H. Higgins,
second brave; G. Lindgren, third brave;. J. G.
Skelley, fourth brave; M. S. Show, first scout;
A. Goess, second scout; Williapi Warrilow,
guard of the forest; H. Morgan, guard ot the
wigwam.
AGAINST SALARY BILLS.
The Iroquois Club Says Time* Are Too
Hard for Such Legislation.
At the meeting of tbe Iroquois Club last
evening Max Popper introduced the fol
lowing resolution:
Whereas, There are now pending in the
Legislature certain bills, the object of which is
to increase the salaries of many officials of
the City and County of San Francisco very
largely over the amounts those officials have
received for many years past ; ana whereas, it
is a matter of common knowledge that lor
some years the business in San Francisco and
throughout the State has steadily diminished,
that wages all occupations have fallen, that
values of property have greatly declined, and
that the burdens of the taxpayer have yearly
become harder to bear; therefore be it
Resolved. That we deem it unfortunate that
the Legislature should at this time consider
any proposition to increase official salaries be
yond tho present amounts which were fixed
when this City and State were more prosper
ous than now, and which amounts have sat
isfied those officials for many years; and be it
further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
mailed by the secretary to every member of
the Legislature and that a committee of five
be appointed from the club to go to Sacra
mento, should it be necessary, and protest
against the passage of these bills.
The resolution was adopted with hearty
cheers.
The following resolution by E. P. E.
Troy was also adopted: "_ ', ".',-'
Whereas, The House of Representatives at
Washington did, January 11, 1897. by a pro
nounced majority reject the infamous Pacific
Railroad funding bill, and whereas California
Representatives (excepting one) proved loyal
to their constituents, and whereas an honest
pres*, public-spirited citizens and a Congress
composed of members who possess the full
realization of their duty to the Nation's honor
sustained the position taken by the opponents
of this nefarious scheme; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Iroquois Club of San
Francisco, extend our congratulations to Con
gress, our representatives in the Senate and
the House, the press of the land, and particu
larly the Examiner, Call and Report of this
City, and the committee of fifty and the many
other public-spirited citizens who aided in
this great victory; and De it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
spread upon the minutes of this meeting and
a copy sent to each and every member of Con
gress.
It was decided to have a discussion on
the question of the foreclosure of the
mortgages held by the Government on
the Central Pacific Railroad next Friday
evening. James H. Barry of 'the Star and
Joseph Leggett will be invited to address
the club and its invited friends on that oc
casion.
DEFENDED HER DOG.
Miss Bertelsen and Bx - Policeman
Shields Have a Lively Bow.'
There was a lively and interesting shoot
ing scrape in the far Mission last evening,
in which an ex-policeman and a cow and
a woman and a b'g dog were the promi
nent characters. Ko one was hart, that is
by the bullets, but Miss W. A. Bertelsen,
a tailoress, was locked up upon a charge
of having committed an assault upon ex-
Policeman W. J. Shields with a deadly
weapon.
The woman is 45 years of nge, and she
lives at 2641 Mission street. W. J. Shields
conducts a wood, -coal, hay and grain
business across the street, at 2630 Mission
street.
The woman owns a large Newfoundland
dog, and *ast evening, when Shields was
leading his cow down the street, the dog
ran out, and in a moment man and dog
were in a mix-up.
Then Miss Bertelsen went to the dog's
rescue, and drawing a 22-caliber revolver
fired at Shields. Shields seized the woman
and held her until two policemen arrested
her. t
Miss Bertelsen says Shields threatened
to kill her, and that is why she got a re
volver. Shields was not hurt.
Palmetto Club Benefit.
A testimonial benefit, entertainment and
ball will be tendered to the family of the late
L. Peliatier under the auspices of the Palmetto
Club at B. B. Hall this evening.
CRUSHED TO THE EARTH.
Caught Under a Heavy Log
and Picked Up for
Dead.
A Veteran of the Mexican War the Vic
tim of a Painful Accident ßack and
Legs Partially Paralyzed.
From the Tribune, Sioux City, lowa.
Thomas Miller of Adavil'.e, lowa, was re- |
cently interviewed by a Tribune reporter. He i
is a man of 66 years of age and a veteran of
the Mexican war. He is a man of remarkable
vigor, considering his age and the hardships
through which he has passed.
"Mr. Miller," said the reporter, "I under
stand you have used Dr. Williams' Pink Pi.ls
for Pale People and have also recommended
them to your neighbors. Will you tell me
how they have benefited yon?"
"Certainly," replied the veteran. "I shall
be glad to tell you about my case, but in order
that you may understand it fully I will have
to go back about twenty years and give you a
part of mv past history. 1? •
"In 1875 I was the victim of a very painful
accident. I was then living in the State of
Michigan, and at the time of which I speaK
one of my neighbors was building a log barn.
I was at the 'raising,' and the structure had
nearly reached completion, and a heavy biack
ash log was bsing hoisted into position. It
was nearly in place when the workmen above
lost their "hold on it. It rolled to the ground
and I was caught under it and crushed to the
earth. They picked me up for dead and car
ried me into the house. I was not dead, how
ever, but I was pretty badly used up. I had
received severe internal injuries and had
several bones broken.
• "In it day or two Inflammation of the bowels
set in, and the doctors gave up all hope of sav
ine me. But have a very strong constitution,
and I think that helped me in a great meas
ure to rally. When I had recovered sufficiently
otherwise to get around 1 found that my back
and legs were partially paralyzed and I could
not walk. I finally got so I could walk with
the aid ot a cane, but I was unable to do any
work, and there was scarcely a moment that
I did not suffer more or less pain in my back
and kidneys.
"I continued in this condition until about
four years ago, when I visited my brother,
Adam Mil. who lives at Reinbeck, Grundy
County, lowa. His wife had been a great suf
ferer from rheumatism and told me she had
been cured by the use of Dr. Williams' Pi >k
Pills for Pale People. I resolved to try them
and accordingly bought a box. Before I had
finished taking them I felt a decided improve
ment, and when I got home to Marcus, where
I then lived, I bought six boxes more. I us? d
them strictly according to directions, and
soon began to feel like a uew man. There was
a peculiar sensation in my buck and limbs
which 1 can best describe by saying that I felt
as if I was being supplied with new nerves
and new muscles. The improvement con
tinued until to-day I think I am ss strong as I
should have been if I. had never met with the.
above-mentioned accident, and I don't think I
exaggerate when I say I can do as good a day's
work every day as any man in Plymouth
Couuty of my age."
"Yes, I still take Pink Pills occasionally,"
said Mr. Miller in reply to a question. "I
wouldn't be without them in the house, and 1
never lose an opportunity to recommend them
to my neighbors. I believe it is due to them
that I am in my present state of health aud
vigor."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are
not a patent medicine in the sense that name
implies. They were first compounded as a
prescription and used as sucn in general prac
tice by an eminent pnysician. ' So great was
their efficacy that it was deemed wise to place
them within the reach of all. They are now
manufactured by the Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, Schenectady, X. Y.,«nd;are sold in
boxes* (never in loose form by the dozen or
hundred, and the public are cautioned against
numerous imitations sold in this chape) at 50
cents a box, or six boxes for .$2 50. and may
be hsd of all druggists or direct by mail from
Dr. Williams' Medicine Company.
j fills^iPil GREAT dzai oi t
f Py&^^j&py nonsense has been y
I p^^K^^l w " ttea — an^ te-
& f^fMvi \*& li cvec *t about \
\r\ [fb^SllSk \$ Hood purifiers. 9
C W^S*Wk Wfert purifies the ?
| 110iilLjy| blood? sa as es |
1 THE KIDNEYS \
i PURIFY H BLOOD |
i!**Ji^A wiyil I nonsense has been
fM'jfMira v^ He ved, about
|jK«7ssSa^ V-fo blood purifiers.
klss^l^ « "What purifies the
|EJ-a_n__SB---3|[ blood? aa a. aa
THE KEYS
PURIFY W BLOOD
! AND THEY ALONE. |
* If diseased, however, they cannot, S
® and the blood continually becomes V
| more impure. Every drop of blood m
5 in the body goes through the kidneys, v
% the sewers of the system, every three B?
6 minutes, night and day, while life %
4 endures. a*.
| puts the kidneys in perfect health, and p
A nature does the rest. ( fe
The heavy, dragged out feeling, the I
■ bilious attacks, headaches, nervous p
f unrest, fickle appetite, all caused by in
1 poisoned bipod, will disappear when 9
■ the kidneys properly perform their g)
d functions. _ &
j There is no doubt about this. 9
H Thousands have so testified. The p
A theory is right, the cure is right and s
I health follows as a natural sequence. 9
fl Be self-convinced through per- m
/ sonal proof. \
1,. A. B"rtolln:r Pres. H. Xordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sea . Jos. Nordman, Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet, beeu
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value onr reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend. solely upon
the merits of our work lor success.
i.otice mmm SEALED proposals
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AXD COMMON COUNCIL OF
the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An orJinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of ban Jose." etc.,
passed on tne -Ist day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of Decern ocr, 1898,
ordained that there should be Issued b.* said city
of San Jose six hundred hign school building
bonds, of the denomination of $1"5 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $101*
each, both classes of bonds to bear inter. at th »
rate of ■»% ier cent Der annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to giro
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose Intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and ihat scaled proposals will be received at lb-,
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hal* in .San
Jose, * alifornia. until the hour of eight o'clock
p. M.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 tat
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bid*
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said h;gh school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof, t^ald bonds are to bear
date June 1. 1897. ana the Interest thereon lobe
paid semi-annually on the first day tf December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States
saidhlith school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively irom one to lorty, both in-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series is to include those bonds which an
l.umbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and,
each succeeding series is to Include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after thosd In-
cluded in tiie next preceding series
Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, boih Inclusive,
and b ■ divided into lorty series numbered *»*ou-
secutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, ich
series consisting of ten bonds; 1 the first seriej is to
include those bonds which i:re numbered from.
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to Include the ten bouds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds all 11 be made payable
on the first -Jay of June, 1898. and one of the re-
maining series Is to be made payable on the first
day of June in each succeeding, ca eudar year
1 thereaf. er. until and Including the ye .r 1937.
: Said bonds are to be made payable to ih ■ orderof
1 the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
said bonds there i* to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of years
whicu such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offeied, ihedescrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to tha order of the Mayor of «ald City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said check tv
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid in gold coin of the Uniied - 1 .:< within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right;
toaccept any or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly "re-
served. J. W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 2d, 1897. •,
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL *
ol It Publishes the Cream of tho
J News of the Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°) IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
0\ PAPER ON THE
zJ PACIFIC COAST
~) Always Republican, but Always
*~S Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
cJ It's the Paper to Send East 11
Tj You Want to Advertise
"j California.
3" \~~ x^ —
J The Best \ / Mining
y) Telegraphic \/ News That
j°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
'ol The Coast / \& up to date
oj / \
j°S Not a Line of it Sensational
ex or Faky, and Not a Line of
01 it Dry or Uninteresting.
! J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
q/ Bright, Clean. A Champion of
J Thoughtful. Truth.
d a california NEWSPAPER
~J ALL THE time.
1 1) it ADVOCATES sent by
■T) home mail, $1.50
=>< INDUSTRIES a YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR £1,
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats. Corn and Rye very quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
No Business in Beans. *
Heavy Increase In exports.
Potatoes firm. Onions higher.-
Butter weak. Eggs lower.
Poultry declining.
No loncer lawful to sell Game.
All Deciduous Fruits duL
citrus Fruits bard to sell.
DrieJ Fruits the same.
Provisions dull.
Hides, Hops and Wool unchanged.
Beef very firm.
New York Exchange advanced.
PRODUCE EXPORTS.
Produce exports from San Francisco by s-'a ln
1896 were $43,556,000, against $33,875,000 In
1895. Here is a clean gain of $10,000,000 last
year. a gratifying exhibit. Of the total. New York
took $3,008,000, Great Britain $16,121,000. Aus
tralia $4,743,400, Hawaiian Islands $3,695,400.
China $3,193,800, Japan $2,489,300. Mexico
$1,441,000, Central America $3,410,500 and
South Africa $1.04 8,
THE GOVERNMENT'S CASH.
United States Treasurer D. N. Morgan reports
the amount of money on hand at the close of De
cember as follows:
Gold coin $120,638,595
Gold bullion 54.565,385
silver dollars 584,572
Fractional silver coin. 14,215,766
Silver bullion 110,815,247
Total specie $684.81
United States notes 85. 3 13, 2;'*
Treasury notes of 1890 35,645.059
Gold certificates 1,392.350
silver certificates 14.227,704
Currency certificates S'JO.OOI*
National bank notes 14,i78,970
Minor coin, etc 1,106.688
Deposits in National banks 16,159.153
Miscellaneous 20.805
Total $853,463,552
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures !
at station indicate maximum temperature for the j
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of I
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths, j
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid *
lines, connec* p<jn s of equal air pressure; iso- \
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The j
word "h;gh" means high barometric pressure and j
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and ls usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. i
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington \
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior i
and low along the coast, and the lsoVars extend |
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" ls inclosed with Isobars of ,
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and i
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may he expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
-
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricult
tube. Weather Bureau, San Fbancisco. Jan.
15. 1897. 5 p. it.— Weather conditions and general
forecast;
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
ss compared with those ot the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four
hours:
Eureka 23.04 inches, last season 17.66. last 24
hours. Red Bluff 11.81, last season 7.54. last 24
hours .00: San Francisco 11.11. last season 5.11,
last 24 hours.oo*. Fresno 4.73. last season 1.31, last
24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo 9.70, last season
4.23,1a5t'-4 hours. Los Angeles 8.40, last season
1.71. last 24 hours .78: San Diego 6 20, last season
1.5.', last '-4 hour; .30; Yuma 4.62, last season
.32, last 24 hours -OS.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 41, mean 48.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the southern
half of the Pacific Slope, and has fallen rapidly
over Washinctou and eastward.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Rain or snow has fallen generally throughout
Washington and Nortnern Oregon. It is still
raining at San Diego, but will probably clear to
night. Rain has fallen in Utah; snow in the
mountains.
a maximum wind velocity of twenty-six miles
per hour from the southeast is reported at Fort
Canby.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 16,1897:
Northern California—Fair Saturday, except In
extreme northwestern portion, where showers are
likely; southeasterly winds.
Southern California—Fair Saturday; except rain
early Saturday morning in the southern portion:
warmer extreme southwest; light westerly winds.
Nevada Fair Saturday.
Utah —Cloudy saturday; fair Saturday night.
A"i zona— showers early Saturday morning; fair
(Saturday
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fresh westerly winds.
Alexander McApie,
Local Forecast official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 15.-The feeling In
stock circles to-day wad more confident than for
some time past, mainly owing to the remarkably
favorable statement of the foreign commerce of
the country for the month of December and the.
calendar year 1896, the steady increase in the'
treasury gold reserve and the superabundance of
money both here and in London. -Three In
fluences have apparently served to stimulate
interest, not only in Investments but also in the
speculative markets. They have Induced the
recognized bulls to take a fresh noid, and at the
same time have frightened the shorts. The latter
made active efforts to cover, and their purchases,
together with a fair demand for foreign account,
he ped along the rising tendency of prices
'ihe market was strong from the opening to the
close of the session, the dealings having been bel
ter distributed than of late and the advances In
prices having been general. No attention was
1 aid to the Cuban trouble, which for the mo
ment has been relegated to the background. The
upward movement ln Sugar gained additional
force from the announcement of a further advance
in prices of refined and from advices from Wash
ington that If any change is made la ihe tariff on
sugars it will not be detrimental to the interest) of
the sugar refiners. The contest between the
American Sugar Company and the Arbuckle Bros ,
in which there are no signs of a let up, failed to
check the advance.
The commission houses reported more numerous
orders tor stocks) for outside account, although it
Is admitted that the business is still to a large ex
tent professional. The transactions aggregated
-14,494 shares, and the advance ln prices was
equal to V*®'- 1 /* per cent, the latter in Wheeling
ana Erie p.eferred, which so d up to 14% on re
ports of negotiations for the settlement of the soft
coal rote war. Sugar, the 'rangers, Louisville
ana -Nashville. Manhattan Tennessee Coal and
Iron, Western Union and Chicago lias were con
spipuous both In point of activity and advance"
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., TeL Mala 1054.
'. CENTRA 1, OFFICE
€23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Ofliee— Bald win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
PURDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
CHICAGO." PRIVATE WIRE. NEW VOttK.
The last named was material^* strengthened by a
statement made by ex-Governor Flower that the
regular quarterly "dividend of 1% per cent will
shortly be declared, and also by a growing belief
that the Illinois Legislature will permit the con*
s.ituent companies comprising the so-called trust
to consolidate 'The market closed strong at tha
top prices of the day. Net changes show advances
of 1%@2 per cent, -Manhattan leading, In the
speciaii.s Illinois Steel jumped 3 to 37. In the
total sales sogar figured for 46,200 shares, St.
Paul for 19,100, Chicago (*as for 18,900, Burling
ton for 1-.60-, Louisville and .Nashville for
12,700 and Reading for 11,500 snares.
Bonds were active and strong. The transactions
footed up $2,249,000. Chesapeake and Ohio gen
eral four and a halts rose % to 75%: Chicago and
Northern Pacific fives, certificates, 1 to 44: Hous
ton ami Texas central consols, sixes, l%to 102:
Lake Erie and Western fists, 1 to 116; .Louisville
and Nashville unified fours, 1 to 10: Manhattan
consols, 1% to 94%: Milwaukee and Northern
firsisot 1904,1 to 118%: Missouri Pacific tours,
tol02%; Missouri, Kansas and Eastern first lives.
1 to 93; Morns and Essex first sevens. 1 to 142%;
Nickel Plate first lours. 1 to 106; Northern Pacific
thirds. 1 10 7*.%; do consols, fives, 1% to 66: do
Montana first sixes, to 4%; Nortbwest sinking
sixes, 1% to 117; uo extended fours, l%tol02%:
Omaha aDd St. Louis first fours, certificates, 4y a
to 49%: Peoria, Decatur and Evansville second
fives, certificates, 1 to 95; St. Louis and San
Francisco trust fives, 6% to 90, and Wabaih, De
troit and Chicago exchange fives, 1 to 96.
In Government bonds, $33,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 121@12iy 8 and $4000 do of 1907 at
lliy 2 @1113/».
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, steady; unchanged. Southern
flour quiet, unchanged. Rye flour, dull, steady
at $2 85@3 15.
CORNMEAL-Qulet, steady. Yellow Western,
$1 90@2.
K» E— Dull, steady, unchanged. Western car
lots, 43@44c; c.l. f. Buffalo at 47; f. o. b. at4B%&
BARLKi-Quiet.
WHEAT— Spot market less active, easier, c os
ing steady. No. 2 red, f. a b.,983 8 c; ungraded
red, 77%®98c; No. 1 Northern. 913/aC.
Options "were moderately active aud Irregular,
closing weak at a decline o. %<3%c, following the
West, with cables easier and some foreign seiilntc.
May an.l July most active No. 2 red. January,
89c; March. 90c; May, 863/gc; July. B<c.
CORK- Spots dull, easier. No. X. 29y 8 elevator,
30%' afloat: steamer, mixed. 28c: No 3,27 c.
options were dull anu weak at Vs<& 3 .'t" decline,
following wheal and the West, with .radlng only
local. May and July most active. January,
*.9y 8 c; Slay, 30% c; June, 3iy 8 c; July, 31% c.
CATS— Spots quiet, s eady.
Options dull, sieady. January, 22 % c; February,
22.% c; May, •_•_%<*.
spot prices: No. 2. 22y_c: Na 2 white,
24% c: No. 2 Chicago, 23y4C; No. 3. 20% c; No.
3 unite, 22c: white mixeu Western, •.•_(fli"-4c;
while do, 28<_.30c.
Provisions.
TART)- Quiet: barely steady. Western steam,
$4 25: city, $.; 85; Janua.y, $4 25: refined, quiet:
firm; continental, $4 60; S. A., $4 SO, compound,
4%@4y 3 c
PoßK— Steady; new mess, $8 50@9.
BUTTER— Moderately active: steady: Western
creamery. 13(gi20c: do factory, 7((Sl4c; Elgins,
20c; imitation creamery, ll@l6c.
CHfc.KsE— Fairly a. live, firm; part sktas,4@Bc;
full skims. 2y : @Sc.
EGGS— Quiet: ea«y: Icehouse. 13@14c: Western
fresh. 16c; uo case, $1 75@3: limed, 13®13%c.
1 ALLOW— Steady; city, 3%c; country, iß,s@
S%c.
00TTONSEED OlL— Quiet; firm; crude, 20% c:
yellow prime, 23% c.
MOLASSES— Quiet. New Orleans. 2@3-*.
COFFKE— steady: 5 to 10 points up: March.
$9 45@9 50: May, $9 50@9 66: September, $9 66
(g.9 70; December, $9 70. -pot Rio dull, steady;
No. 7, 10a
SUGAR — Quiet; No. 1 to Na 2, 1-16 up:
No. 9 to No. 13, 3-lbc lower; No. 14. %c down;
No. 6. 3 l-16c: So. 7, /4 c: No. 8, 3 11-16 c; No.
9, 3 11-1 tic; No. 10, 35, 8 c; No. 11. 3 9-16 c: No. 12.
3%c; No. 13,3 7 16. 01/ A, 4(a4 8 c; mold A, 46 /8 c;
standard A, 4**/ c; confectioners' A, 4%c;
cut loaf. 6c: crushed. sc; powdered, 4%c; granu
lated, »3gc; cubes, /B e.
Fruit and Produce.
AFFJCCT^-raes. SC<£llr. Wf||
TEA*. Bis- Peeled, boxes, i @lsc; do nn
peelert, bags. '(£9c.
PRUNES— I our sizes, nominal. 5y B e.
P. A SINS— Two-crown, loose niu catel. 4%c 9
lb: 3-crown, 5%c: 4-ciown. G%c; London layers.
t%c: clusters, $1 66@2.
* a MONDS— soft shells, B©9y 2 c; do paper shell.
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; soft shell. 9e.
H< Ps— Firm, moderately active. Pacific Coast,
3%@13c.
.*. i n >L— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 18323 c; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIGIRON— DuII. American. ?ll*ai6.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $11 **o@il 80.
lEAD-Steaiy. Domes* 18^ > (15.
1 IN— Firmer. Straits, $13 lt@l3 26; plates,
quiet.
1 l-ELTER-Dull. Domestic, $3 85@3 95.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 15.— Opinions were con- !
flicting In the wheat market to-aav. It was con- j
sidered advisable to sell at the opening because
Liverpool failed to properly respond to our 1 cent j
bulge of yesterday, but when % of a ceDt decline j
was established the Government report assumed
prominence as a topic. A good many traders I
bougnl on the presumption that the report wonll
con. aln bul'isb informaion. It was notable that 1
St. Louis bought a great deal of wheat, and as that |
town has been the active raider of ;pilces for ion j
days it was fair to believe that "shorts" were cov
eting.
Receipts In the NOrthwest were 291 cars,
against 178 last Friday and 373 a year ago. Chi- 1
cago had 18 cars and inspected out 181,373 1
bushels. When It was ascertained subsequently
that the Government report would not be Issued
to-day early buyers turned sellers and strength i
gave wry to weakness. Export clearances were |
328.816 bushels. Closing Continental cables i
quoted moderate advances. Liverpool closed %d
higher than It opened. May wheal opened from
80% cto 803/ c, sold between 81c and 79% c, clos- '
ing at 80c bid— %@**%c under yesterday. Esti- i
mated receipts for to-morrow, 29 cars. No. 2 red I
spot wheat ranged from Bl%c to 89c. closing ;
about 87®88c.
CORN— There was nothing doing in the corn '
market. A few professional scalpers hung around. j
A stray order or two in commission men's bands j
were noticeable. It was difficult to trade, there
being so little interest displayed. Receipts were
301 cars, and 37,357 bushel's were taken from
store. Liverpoo cables were %d lower. Exports !
were 371,062 bushels. May corn opened at 24%,
advanced t0 25, declined and c osed at 24%, 1/4 to J
s/ 8 under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to- J
morrow. 2SO cars.
O .'IS— As has recently- been the case, more busi
ness was transacted in oats than in corn, but it
was mainly local, and evidenced the professional
sentiment, wbicb was sympathetic with tbat of
wheal. Receipts were 167 cars, and 59,744 bush
els were withdrawn from store. Exports were
1895 bushels. May oats closed 3/ 8 to V* under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
228 cars.
FLAX— Firmer. Cash No. 1. 71V»c: north
western, 78c: January, 74 Vic; May. 783/ B e. Re
ceipts were il cai
FROVISIONS— The feeling In product ft the
opening exhibl.ed a continuation of yesterday's
strength, although business was light. Hows were
firmer, an incident which added to the strength of
provisions. Later packers sold freely and prices
yielded to the pressure. May pork closed 12y«c
lower. May lard 5c lower and May ribs 7y.c
lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was moderately
active and steady to-day. Offerings were liberal,
but there was a lair demand.
Creameries— Extras. 19c: firsts, 17@18c; *ec
onds, I4<aioc: Imitations, fancy. ll*@l4c. Dairies
extras. 17c: firsts, x 4 (all sc ; seconds. 9(3 10c. La-
I Extras, 10®llc; firsts. by 2 a c; packing
stock; 8c; grease, 2y (33c; roll butter, 9c.
! EGOS — Were weaker, offerincs were large and
the demand slow. Fresh stock, 18c ty dozen.
MONEY— Was quoted at ft(gl6% on call aud time
loans. New York exchange was sola at 50c
discount.
* losing Prices.
WHEAT — January. 7>i_c; May. 80c; July,
757/ 8 c
January, 2'Ji/J.c; May, 24%@24%c;
July. 1.634 c.
OATS— January. 16c: May, 186/ 8 c: July, 193/ a .
FORK— January, $< 80: May. *_ 02l/ 2 .
LARD— January. *3 97y>; May, 34 i^Vj
BlßS— January, $4 07y 3 ; May, *4 12*^.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, !__.. Jan. 15.— The
cattle market to-Jay was firm, 'the offerings
were readily taken, and although there were no
advances in prices there was no depreciation.
There wat a lively demand for hogs and prices
advanced 5c per 100 pounds. Trade in sheep was
brisk at firm prices.
CAT i LE- Receipts. 3000. rancy beeves, $5 30
(85 50: choice to prime steers, $4 90@5 26; good to
choice steers. $4 40(34 8.1: medium steers, $4 00®
4 35: fair beef steers, $3 fu.(jß3 95; good to prime
stockers ana feeders, .13 75(814 60: tair to good
stockers and feeders. $3 10(33 70: bulls, choice to
extra, 93 60@S 76; do, poor to choice. $2 10(33 .0;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, $3 604&4 lb;
cows, fair 10 choice, 92 50(33 50: cows, common
10 fair canners. $1 75@2 45; calves, gooa to fancy,
95 50(36 CO; calves, common to good. $3 50fri4 4.'>:
lexas led steer), 93 5004 25: milkers and spring
ers, ty head, $25(340.
HofiS-Receipis. 30,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, 93 30(33 55; common 10 choice
mixed, (3 35(33 55; choice assorted, $:* 45(3
3 bO; nghi, $3 35(33 66 : pigs, *3 20@3 65.
SHF'iO'— Receipts. 7000. Inferior to • choice,
92 50(3,3 90; lambs. $3 60(33 65.
Receipts at Omaha. -
FOUT" OMAHA. Nkbb.. Jan. 15 — HOOB— Re
ceipts, 3800. Market opened 6c higher, closing
strong. Light : and mixed, $3 25(33 40; heavy,
»3 16(33 30.
CATTLE— Receipts. 160 J. Market steady. Com
mon cows easier. Steers. $3 60(34 10; cows. 91 50
(34 d 5: feeders. 93 25@4 15.
SHEER— Receipts. jOOU. Market steady. Mut
tons. 93 30; lambs, 94 50.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 15 — HOGS-Re
ceipts, 11,000. Strong. l.isrht, $3 :-.5@3 421/9: me
dium, $. 30@3 40; heavy. $3 2u@3 36; pigs 93@
CATTLE— Receipts of cattle were 6000. Strong.
Native steers, best, 94 15(3*1 96: fair to good. 93 15
(g:4 16: cows and heifers best, $:< 1. @3 60; fair to
good, 91 8. .(<«3 10: bulls 92 15(3'' 10: stockers
and feeders. 93 10(34: Texas and Western, &i 65(3
3 95; calves. 96(311.
blifc.F.l*— Receipts, 3000. Sieady. Lames, 9285
@5: muttons, $_@3 70
Ul'N's REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 15.— P.. G. Dun A Co.
will say ln their weekly review of trade: The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
greatest growth and prosperity the country - had
ever seen came suddenly "In 1879, after several
months of disappointment- -because - specie re
sumption had not brought the benefits expected.
It takes time for new confidence to reach through
easier money markets, large ciders, resuming
mills, expanding employment and larger dis
tribution to the results which make still greater
and lasting gain possible. Such gradual and
steady improvement has been In progress tor
more than two months. The output of plgiron has
gained 41.6 per cent since October I. The output
of coke has increased 88 7 per cent since October
1. Sales of wool have become large. Money mar
kets feel a steady increasa in demand for com
mercial . and manufacturing loans. Additional
works have gone into operation each week In Jan
uary, and the working force is larger than at any
other time for six months. The gain may be
ascribed to deliberate judgment of the ablest and
most prudent men in business.
Ills not time for high prices. Many who are
anxious to get ear.y hold on the market are mak
ing* for the moment lower prices than they could
afford to maintain. With the increase in the out
put of pit iron to 159,720 tons weekly, against
142,278 last month, the price is a shade lower at
the East and Chicago, but heavy purchases al
ready advance Bessemer steel a shade at Pitts
burg. ste»l bars have been reduced lc and
some other finished products $1 per ion, out the
demand on tbe whole is steadily growing. The
coke output has risen from 60,000 to 94,342 tons
weekly and minor metals are a shade stronger.
'textile manufactures are not encouraged
by the demand for good), though more
print cloths were sold than for many
weeks- Lower prices are expected In goods
and slow buying ls not unnatural since cot
ton has fal eu 17.8 per cent from September 11,
print cloths 7 per cent, bleached goods 3% to sy ,
and brown goods 2%, 3(_14 per cent. Though
woolen goods do not improve there have been,
purchases by large mills which cover for two
weeks of January 11.110,300 Bounds at the
three chief markets, against 11,817,600 last year.
Some large purchases of leather indicate that
some shoe manufacturers are seeing their way to
more ac-itve work and shipments from the East In
January thus far are '.0 per cent larger than last
year. Hides at Chicago are 2% per cent lower.
Clearing-house exchanges tor the month thus
far are less than 1 per cent below last year's,
though still 25.2 per cent smaller than tho year
1892," the year of greatest prosperity. Tbe rail
road earnings and tonnage f r January thus far
are light, owing to Western storms, but December
returns cover $38,686,912 on roads in the United
states alone, only 2.3 per cent less than last year.
The Pennsylvania and some other roads have
commenced to buy rails and several costl>* Im
provements have been ordered, the Columbia
bridge alone calling for 70*".) tons or steel and a
terminal improvement lor the trie will cost
Si, 000,000.
Th • wheat market has varied but slightly,
closing %c lower. Western receipts for the week,
1,505,320 bushels, against 2.916,274 last year,
are cheesed by storms and by current prices in
view of the farmers' expectations Atlantic ex
ports were 1,456,408 bushels, flour include.!, and
f r two weens 3,484,317. against 4,483,199 last
year. Traders begin to realize that enormous ex
ports of corn are taking the place of Wheat ln
foreign consumption. Lotion took a rise of au
elgnth on a trader's estimate without change iv
conditions.
The money market has been disturbed by a
com blnallon of large tankers not to lend on call
below 2 per cent, which invited all sorts of finan
cial institutions to lake the market, caused pay
ment of hank loans lor some millions and left
supplies of muds so heavy that time loans were
sharply marked down. More was done In com
mercial paper, though offerings increased but
moderately. Receips from the interior exceeded
shipments by $1,500,001;. Fxports continue io i
exceed last year's for the week 8 per cent, while 1
Imports fell 10 per cent below last year's.
i-ailutes for the week have been 455 in the
United Mates against 395 last year, and 71 in
Canada against 81 Us. year.
RANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V*., Jan. 15.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities ior the week ended
January 14, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet'a:
'V- Percentage
Citifs. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York.... $698.701. .12 0.6
Boston 94.102,055 9.9
Chicago 068,677 14.6
Philadelphia 19.961,»8H 10.9
St. Louis 28,678,957 15.3
Pittsburg 15.UU2.056 1.9
San Francisco „. 14,971.778 3.4
Kansas City -. 10,753,299 10.0
Minneapolis _, 6, 983.. 44 11.4
St- Paul 2, 97..36 0 32.3
Omaha 4.080.022 10.7
Denver - 2.469,59.! 27.8
Los Aneeles 1,094.278 18.2
Portland, 0r...'. 1.6c7.834 12.1
Salt Lake 1,584,6-U 4.8
Helena 472,689 16.4
Tacoma 428,760 18.0
Seattle 475.556 11.8
Spokane 655.882 17.2
Totals U. B $1.041, 0fc0,662 1.6
Outside of New York
City -.... 418,561.774 .' 40
DOMINION' OK CANADA.
Total $20,873,301 10.9
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at iy 2 @2%: last loan at 1%3".
and closing at 1%%. Prime mercantile paper. 31/4
@3 /if. Bar silver, 64*«4c Mexican dollars. SO/i
@5iy 3 . Sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
ness in banters' bills at $4 84%@4 85 for 60
days and $4 87%@4 87*3,4 for demand. Posted
rates. $4 851/304 _by 2 . Commercial bills, $4 83V_
@4 84%. (iovernment bonds firm: state bonds
dull; railroad bonds stronger. Silver quiet.
CLOHING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable... 83 North American... 4*4
Atchison 143/ 8 Northern Pacific." 14
Preferred -4% Pr.-ferred 34
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern. 1033/
Alton, Terre Haute 64 Preferred 153
American Expresslo9 N V Central 93**4
American Tobacco 77% N Y. Chlcago<fcsi L 11 "a
Preferred 103 Ist preferred 76
Bay Stale Oas 11% 2d preferred, '-7%
Baltimore 4 Ohio.. 15V* S V & N H 176%
Brunswick Lands. <% Y<t New Eng... 46
Buffalo, Roch &P. 18 NY Snsq<fcW.„. 9
Canada Pacific 66 J referred 24 Vi
Canada Southern.. 44%:unlarlo 10%
Canton Land 60%' Ontario & Western 14%
Central Pacific B 'oreconlmprovmnt*^—
Ches _*. Ohio 17% Preferred
Chicago Alton 164 Oregon Navigation 16
Preferred 174 Oregon Short Line. 15
: Chicago, B <fe Q.... 74 Pacltic Mall 24%
: Chicago &. E 111 40 Peoria. D«fc Evans 2
Preferred 90 I Pittsburg & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas 783/ Pullman Palace.... 158%
Cleve<fe Pittsburg. l66 Quicksilver
Consolidation Coal. 3> 1 Preferred 11%
Consolidated Gas.. Reading 27%
C C C& St Louis... 2834 ; RloGrande&Westn IS
Preferred 73% 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Ire J.. 24 Rock Island 686/ 8
Preferred 70 JRomeWat&Oeden.ll7
Cotton Oil Cert.... IS%BtL<fcSW. 4Vi
Commercial Cable. 156 | Preferred 10%
Del Hudson 11l ; st Paul 76%
Del Lack&Westrn. 1,55 | Preferred 230%
Denver* liy 2 iSt Paul <fc Duluth.. 22y±
Preferred 42% Preierred 83
Distillers St Paul & Omaha.. 60%
General Electric... 34y 8 Preferred 180
Erie 14 Ist M& M 112
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 166 Southern Pacific. 14%
Great Northern pfd 118 [Southern Ii 9%
Green Bay- %1 Preferred 28%
Harlem 290 'Sugar Refinery.. ..ll43/ 4
Hocking Coal- 4 | Preferred 102%
Hocking Valley... 16% Term Coal & Iron.. 40
Bomestake 85 j Preferred »0
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 9%
Illinois Central.... 93 JTol AA & N Mich.
I lowa Central. 7% Toi Ohio <fe Central 20
Preferred 25% Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 14 Toi si Louis it X C 6%
Preferred 30% Preferred 15
Kingston <fc Perm.. : » Onion Pacific 7%
Lake Erie & West- 17 jl* P Den & Gulf.... 2 *;
Preferred 66 jU 8 Cordage —
Lake Shore 152% Preferred
National 1ead..... 24**4 Guaranteed ......— -
Preferred 89 IC S Express 37
Long Island 51 I" S Leather. 884.
Louisville & Nash. 50% ! Preferred 61%,
Louisville, N AiDoy V* V S Rubber 24%
Preferred 3% Preferred 73
Manhattan C0n.... 90% dtcaA; B River.. .lso
Memphis* Charts 15 Wah SL & Pacific. 6%
Mexican Centra ... 7% Preferred 16%
Michigan Central.. 90 Wells-Fargo. 97
Minn AS L Western Union 84y*
Preferred — — Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn <fe St L com.. 18% Wheeling & L E... 3y
Ist preferred 76% Preferred i4l/ g
2d preferred 46 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 75
Missouri Pacific... 21 W U Beef 6%
Mob;le& Ohio 21 Ann Arbor 10
Nashville <fc Chatt. 67% Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 14 Brooklyn Traction. 19
N J Central 101% Erie 2d pfd.
Norfolk d*. Westrn. 11% American Spirits.. 13 3 /4
Preferred 16%' Preferred 291/4
CLOSING PONDS.
Ala Class A 4*. 104 Northern Pac lsts. ll4
Bo Class B 4, 65. 103 Do 2d......
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3d a ■'OVis
Atchison 4s 80% Doconsol6s.. 66
Do 2ds A......... 45 Or lmprovmni lac. 89
Canada South 2<ls. 106 i Do 6s 29
Cen Pac lsts of 96. O R & N 15t5.......110*v_
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 1031/4 IDo consol 5s ... . '
Do 1897 103% Or Short Line 65.. .112%
DolB9B 1031/4 Doeonsol 5s .... 66
Do 1699 ,103 Pacific 6s of '97...
Ches & Ohio 65.... 110 PhllaA Heading 4s «1%
Cb&NPTr Bcts6s 43% Do Ist pfd Innom. 47 V 4
D C 3-655. 1091/4 |X Grande West lsts 74
Den <fc Gist 11l st L&lronMtOenSs 73%
Doss ............ 88 St L<_SFGen6s..lO«i/4
Erie 2ds 64 Si Paul Consols.. ..131
FtW&DenClty lsts 61 -t P C <_. Pa lsts ..115V,
ullitßAtij. 105 So Carolina 4%5... 102
Do2d 75.......... 96% Southern X Ros... 9014
Gen Elec DebSs... 91 Do Pac Cal 15t5. .107
H & Tex Cent .106% Term new Ss 775 A
Do con 65.. ....... 102 I Texas Pac lsts 87%
lowa Centralists:. 96 Texas Pac 2d5... . 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 6!> Union Pac lsis 9*9.1031/4
Kb Pa lsts Den D1v11 4% U « 4s reg of 1925. 120
La Consol 45... .... 95 Do 4s, coupon. . .121
Missouri funding.:. U S 4s reg of 1907. 11l
M X ids.. 61% c0up0n. ... 111%
1>045............. 84" Do 25.. 95%
Mobile <fc Ohio 45.. b7Va Do6s. Reg 1127/ 8
Mutual Union 65.. 1 10 ' Do coupon 114%
N J Cent Gen 65.. .116% |Va funding debt... 61
N YC<fe St Louis 45106 Do registered
Nor dr. West Gen 6sl 171/4 Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 100 I Do trust rcpt sipd «
Does ....'..122 Wabash Ist 10784
Northwest Consols. 141 West Shore a 5..... 105%
LoUeo 5s 109 1
FOREIGN MARKETS.
. WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 15.— spot market
Is steady at 7s l%d@7s 3d. Cargoes are firm at
36s 3d, sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTOKKB.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 9d; February. 6s Oysd; Match, 6s
10% d; May, 6s 10y 2 d.
BKCUBITIKS.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 16.— Consols, 112%; sil
ver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 65a
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — f 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables.... — 4883^
New York Exchange, sight. — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine silver, per ounce ...- — 64%
Mexican Dollars 52 62%
• PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Auchencalrn takes for Cork
69,800 ctls, valued at $111,261; Glenfinart, for
Cork, 73,114 ctls, at $115,100; Reine Blanche, for
Cork, 66,226 ctls, at $34,000.
Both spot and future prices' are about the
same, ana the market is dull. Quoted at
$1 35 © 1 60 ty cental for common grades,
$1 62%(31 65 ty ctl for average No. 1, $1 67y 3 lor
choice and $1 Go@l 65 fl ctl for extra choice
milling, latter figure being the asking price.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9*ls o'clock— May— 4ooo
Ctls, $1 66y 2 .
Skoov-d session— May— l6,ooo ctls, 91 66;
8000, $1 56% uecember-2000, $1 323/_.
Regular Morning session— May— 4ooo ctls.
$1651/2; 2000, $1 655/ ; 8000, $165%; 2000,
$1 65y 8 . December - 2000, $1 32%-, -000,
$1 32y_.
There was no afternoon session as the Exchange
attended the funeral of George A. Abel.
BARLEY— Nothing new. Market dull. WeqtTbte
Feed, 80(3 833^0; choice bright, 86@87%c*. Brew
ing, 90@07y. c ; No. 1 Chevalier. $1 10@1 20 fl ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May No sales.
Regular Morning session— May— 4ooo ctls,
85%; 4000, 86c*. 4000, bbfyad 2000. 85%. De
cemoer—6ooo, 60c; 2000, 60% c; 2000, 80% c;
2000, 81c - ■--: ■'.'. ■<■■
No afternoon session.
OATs-Quiet and unchanged. Fancy Feed, $1 45.
Common to gooa White range $1 10(31 35, accord
ing to quality. Black. tor feed,9sc®sl lo; for seed,
$1 20©1 30; Gray, nominal; Red, $1 07%®1 12%;
Surprise, $1 5( @1 60 ty cil.
CORN— Weak at th" ileclne. Trade Is very
dull. Large Yeliow, 75®77y 2 c fl ctl; Small
Round do. 95c; White, 77%@80c •$ ctl.
RYE— 92%<396c ■#, ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15@1 25 ty ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras $o@s 10; Bakers' extras. $4 90(35; Super
fine, $4 16(34 60 *$ bbl.
LORNMEAL, ETC Feed Corn, $18@18 60;
Cracked Corn, $19919 60 fl ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usuel discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
tl 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 %* 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
$5 75: l ornmeai. $2 35: extia cream do, $3:
■.anneal, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy. $3 10
@3 3U: Buckwheat Flour, $3 26(53 50: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
$3: Roiled Oats (bbl»), $5 50(35 90; Pearl Barley,
$3 75(34; Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 26 ji
lbOlba. -
HAY AND FEE STUFFS.
BRAN— SI3(3I3 50 forthe best and $12@12 60
"j* ton for outside brands. •
MIDDLINGS— SIB(3I9 for lower grades and
$20@20 50 ty ion for the best.
FEEDS'I'UFFS— Rolled Barley, $19 50@20;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 V ton; jobbing,
$27 60: clipped Cats, $1 4.>< a.l 50 fl ■ tl.
HA — Wheat, $t@ll; Wheat and Oat, $7@
10: Oat, $6®9; Barley. $7@B 50; River Rar.ey,
$5@6 50; Alfalfa, $6(37 6u; compressed, $6(g)
9 60; stock, $5(g,6: GR.ver. $6_,8 ty ton.
STRAW— 3O®JOc %* bale.
. BEANS ANO SEEDS.
Trade is too dull for any change In prices.
BEANS— Quotations are nominal, as there is lit
tle or no trade. Bayos, i 1 -10(31 66 fl ctl; Small
Whites, $1 15(31 30flc*l; Large Whites, $1(_>1 15 ty
ctl; ilka, $1 06@1 20: Reds, »1 10(gll 20: Black
eve, *fl lb@l 20: R<*il Kidney, $2 50: Llmaa, $1 65
®1 90: Butters, $1 25®1 50; Pea, « I 1 s©l 30.
SEED*— Brown Mus.ard. $2 75_*3: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 90(32 10 '#1 cil; Flax, $1 H6@l 40: Canary
Sed, I% (32 Vic f th; Alfalfa, 6%c; Rape. 2%@
2 3 /_c. Hemp, 3c; Timothy. 4%c.
uRIED PEAS— NUes, fl(ail 15** ctl; Green,
$1 40@1 60 9 ctL . _
POTATOES, ONION**, VEGETABLES.
Onions are higher, and Potatoes are expected to
make another advance.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, $1 25@175: Early
Rose. 70@75c: River Reds. 6(@6oc; Rurbank
Seedllnes, 60@66c ty ctl for Rivers and 70c@*l
for Salinas; Oregon Burbanks, —
ONION'S— 7»@9Uc %* ctl.
VEGETABLES— bouse Cucumbers. 60c@Sl
fl dozen; Hothouse Asparagus. 8(317 %c If*) lb: Rhu
barb, $. 76 %4 box; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
50c@$l ty box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, :-.5@ j
50c %* box: .i.ushrooms. b@lsc fl It,, lat er fig
ure ior buttons; Marrowfat Squash. $5 fl ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c(3-rl ty box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc fl lb; Green Peas. 3®sc fl lb: Los
Angelas String Beans, 6^loc; Dried Oura,S®9c ty |
lb: Cabbhge, 40@50c ty ctl; Carrots, 26(3300 fl j
sack; Garlic, iy 2 @2c fl lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— market Is very weak, but there
Is no further decline.
Creamery— Fancy near-by Creameries. 20®
21c; some specials bring more; seconds. 18@19c;
fancy Humboldt, 23@24c "*-) lb.
Dairy— Fancy, l6y 2 @17%c; good to choice, 13©
16c: lower grades. 12% c I", lb.
Pickled— 13(31 5c ty tb.
Firkin— l3(3. 4c «* lb.
Creamery Tun— 16(_,18c ty lb.
CHj-E.-tK— Previous prices rule. Choice mild
new, ll(ailiy c ty lb; common to good old, 8(3
10c V . lb; Cream Cheddar, ll@12c; Young
America, 11(312.; Western, liy 2 (312y 2 c: East
ern. 13@14y c f) Ih.
EGGS— The market was quite weak at a further
decline. Several houses sold store Eggs at 19c.
Ranch Ergs, 25(_>27c: store Eggs, 19@22c; East
ern, 20c ~p doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys and young stock declined. Pigeons
advanced. Hens were weak.
Live Turkeys. 12@13c %* lb for Gobblers. 12%<3
14c "» R> for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14(315c p lb:
Geese, 9 pair. $1 So@l 75; Ducks, $s(<*6 50 •» doz;
Hens, $3 60(g,5; Roosters, younit. $4 60'0;4 75: do, 1
old, $4(_14 25: Fryers. $3 75(_i4 25: Broilers, $4
for large and $2 60(_j:' 60 for small: Pigeons, $1 75
"*t> doz tor young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— The close season for the sale of Ducks
goes into effect to-day. Quail. $1 TB doz; Mallard,
$3 60*34: Can vi.sback, *& dozen. Sprig, $1 75
®2 H <ioz: Teal, $1 60 '«* dcz; Widgeon, $-.«;l 25
V doz; small Duck. $1; English Snip». $2 V
doz: Jack snipe, $1 * dozen: Hare, $1: Rab
bits, $1 60 for Cottontails ana $1(31 25 for small;
Gray Geese, $2 60: White Geese, $1: Brant,
$1 2 sfal 50; Honkers. $3 50@4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples, 7 sc(asl "j* box lor choice, $1 10@1 25 for
fancy Red, 35®650 for common; Eastern,' $I@3
$ bbl.
Pears, 75c@$l 25 fl box.
Persia. mons, 35(_,65c fl box.
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries. $6@B # bbl.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges and Lemons are
very hard to move. Mandarin Oranges are quot
able a: 60@85c fl box: Navel Oranges $1 50
(32 50 fl box; Seedlings, 76c@*l 25: demons.
75c@$l 50 for common and $2@2 50, for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $6@6 50: California
Limes, $1 25@1 60; Bananas, $I©2 $ bunch; Pine
apples, if 2m 1 V- doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6®9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3y>c for the 4 sizes; Peaches,
4@5%c for prime to choice, 6%@7c Mr fancy and
9(g) '.Oc for peeled in boxes: Apples, 6**439 lb for
evaporated and 2@2%C for nun-dried: Pears, 2 y a
®5c for prime to choice, 4@5y 2 c for quarters ana
6@6 l / 2 c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitied aim l%c
foi- unpitted; Nectarines, 3%@4%c for choice and
sy c for fancy; Wuite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2%
®2%c.
Jorbing Pricks— Peaches, 4y2@sysc V lb;
fancy, 6y 2 @7%c • lb: peeled. 12% c 9 lb. Apri
cots, 6y 2 (09c 9 lb: fancy, 10c: Moorparks. 12®
I3c; evaporated Apples. s : *4c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 33/i@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an . 3@3y 2 c for pressed; white Pigs, 4c;
Plums, 4 5c for pitted and l%c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4(_6cfl lb for prime to fancy; Pears,
2%*a6c for whole, a @s%c for quarters and
4%(36y 2 c for halves.
Raisins- • 7.-.-...7«;ry;."* : -- : '-y
Carload Prices — Four - crown, loose, BJ^gc;
three-crown, 43/ 8 c 9 lb; two-crown, 33/ 8 c ty ib;
seedless sultana-), 6%c; seedless Muscatel.i, 43/ 3 .i;
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes. 3c *» lb.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5»4c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 3 /t.c: | seed
less Sultanas,: 53,4 c; seedless Muscatels, 4y 2 c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 61);
Dehesa clusters, $2 76: imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8(31 0c: Walnuts,
6%(gi7c 1* lb fir standard and 9(g,9yic 9 Ib for
soitshell; Almonds, 6@6y 3 c for Lauguedoc, 3®
3%c for hardshell and B*§9c 9 lb for paper-
Peanuts. 4®6c %4 lb , lor ■ r astern and *c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@<-:c "p lb; Pecans, 7%®
8c %* lb; Filberts, 7%®Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7%(_;Bc:
Cocoanuts, $406 V 100. ; : w*<**
. HONEY— Comb, 10(g)12y 3 c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6®6%c;
light amber extracted 4%@4 s dark amuer,
4@4y c: dark. 2@Bc *«* lb.
BEESWAX-2_(g,26c «t Bfc'lvrL'''
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— The market continues dull.
Bacon is quoted at 6c fl lb for heavy, 7c *$ lb
for light medium, 9" 2 c for light, 10c fl lib for
extra light and liy 2 c Vlb for sugar-cured. . East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; California
Hams, lie ft lb: Mess Beef, $7(5)7 50: extra
mess do. $B@B 60: family do, $9 60@10; extra
prlmo Pork, $7 60 @ 8: extra clear, $16 "*? bbl;
mess. $14 fl bbl: smoked Beef. 10c fi tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, ls quoted at s%cfor
compound and 6@6%c for pure: palls, 7c: Calli
fornia tierces, 6@sy c fi lb for compound and 6*.4 c
for pure; haif-bbls, 63/ic; 10-lb tins, 7y_c; do, 6-_>,
7y 2 c "** lb. . . , -
COTTOLENE— 6®6%c In tierces and 7%ffißyß<s
in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lo
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 7 2 @8c:
medium. 2 @7c; light, 5y 2 @6c; Cowhides, 2 @
c; salted Kip. 4%@65c: salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c "t* ib : culls and
brands, 9(g>loc: dn* Kip and Veal, 9l*ioc: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(_)35c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 20ftS^5c *$ lb: me
dium, 15@.'0c; winter, 7@9c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 10®15ceach; shori wool. 25(«i35c each; me
dium, 30@i5ceach; long wools. 40@60c each.
1 ALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3y_c; No. 2,2ysc;
refined, sc; Grease, 2c %» lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall .Wool: Humboldt and
Mendocino, B@9c: free northern, 7@B%c: mid
dle counties, iree, 5%@7c: do. defective, 4%@6c:
San Joaquin, 3(36c: <.o, foothill, s(_>7c: Eastern
Oregon >pnng, 7y 2 @9c: Valley Oregon, 10% d
12c: do, fall and lambs', 10®llc
HOPs— 6@Bc for lair to choice and 9®loc "# lb
for fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef continues stiff, and good stock brings 7c
without difficulty. Still higher prices are likely.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaughter
ers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6y»@7c; second, 6@6c;
third do, 4@sc V lb.
VEAL— Large, 6(_i7c; small. 7@Be *?» lb.
' MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c
H lb.
LAMB— Spring, 2 @l6c; yearlings, 7@Bc fl
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@3%c fl lb for large and
medium and 3%(g)33 / c for small; dressed do, 4%
®5%c "p lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 434 c; June-
July delivery, 4%c: Wool Bags, 24y.@26y 2 c.
COAL- Wellington, $S fl ton; New Wellington,
$8 "ill ton; Souihheld Wellington, $7 60 * ton;
Seattle, $5 60: Bryant, $5 60: Coos Bay, $4 75;
Wallsend,s6 60; Scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 Iv sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, $110112 %i ton; Welsh
anthracite. $8(_)10; Caunel, $8 ii ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, ii.K/1 2 in bulk and it 13 fl ton in sks.
RICE-Chinese mixed, $3 46@3 56; No. 1, $3 75
@3fofl cil: extra No. 1, $4 lU@4 30; Hawaiian,
$4 2*,(0)4 37y a ; Japan. $3 90@4 60.
»UGA.R— 1 ue Western Suear Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, oc; Fine Crushed, 2 c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ Confectioners' A, 43/ c: Magnolia A,
4c: Extra C, sy 8 c: Golden C, 33^0*. half barrels
y_c more than barrels, and boxes ■%<": more.
] RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
TOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks.... 26.020 Cheese, ctls.. „„ S3
Oregon .075; Eggs, doz 8 910
Wheai. ct15...... 62.297 ! Hides, no „ 192
Oregon 3,130 Pelts, bdls 5,609
Kariey, cits 33,690; Wine. gals.... .^ ?8 260
Beans sks 25 Sugar, bb15. ...... 2,48*1
Corn, ctls 865' Learner, r0115.... . 0
Eastern 600 Lumber. M CM- 100
Potatoes, s-5..-. 2.067, Wool, bis ..V 6
Oregon 45b 1 Oregon 63
Onions, s-5...._ 088 Australia 1,946
Bran, sks. , 3,065 Broom Corn, bis. * 1,045
Oregon 3,200. Buckwheat, sks. 139
Middlings. a__.. 100 Quicksilver, di*.* 47
May. ions _ 356' Tallow, ct15...... 160
Straw*, tons 5 j Lime, bbls — 626
-•u.ier. cv* .".'.._, "38
s* — ♦ — -•
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Roil Butter is lower. Eggs are cheaper,
Meats are unchanged. Game Is lower.
Fruits and Vetetsb'es show no particular I
change.
Following Is Thb Call's regular weekly retail I
price list:
COAL— PER TON.
Cannel... —g.lO 00 ; Castle Gate. £Bo@lo 00
Wellington. — ®10 00 PleasantVal 9 60®10Q0
New Wel- Southfield
lington.... ®10 00 Wellington — 950
Seattle 7 50ftti — CoosßXy... — ® 676 I
"CAIRf PRODI-rK. •fCT-5.
Butter, fancy, f- Cheese, Cai 12@15 :
square —(350 Cheese, Eastern. . . 15®29
do, f roll 40(ai— Cheese, Swiss... .20(330
do. choice _.. — (a ; 37 Common Eggs 26® —
Ordinary 35® — RanchEggsfldz...3o(3 —
Pickled roll. 3')<g; -, Honey, comb, {4tb.12®15
Firkin — _}80j extracted.... t*&U
meats— PKß ronxp.
Bacon 12(317 Pork, fresh 12(31 5
Beef, choice 12(<i!15 Pork, salt 10*312
do, good Btolo Pork Chops 12@15 '
Corned Beef B(ai — Round Steak 8(310 j
Ham, Cal ...... 12y ? Sirloin Steak. . .121 _
do, Eastern.. .'. . 16(316 Porterhouse, do. ..l7(g)20
Lard 12(0,15 Smoked Beef <0!l5
Mutton B®l2 Pork Sausages.... — ® 20
Lumb.... KJ® 12% Veal lOitfli
Spring Lemb 20_:25
POULTRY AND DAMK.
Hens, each 60_> 60 are, each . . . . IB® 20
Young Boost- Wild Geese.ea. 20® 80
ers, eacn 60® 60 JingSnlpe.^dz — (g>3 00
Old Roosters, Jak snipe. %*dzl 60® —
each 60® — Quail, "^ d0z...l 25@1 60
Fryers, each... —(3 40 .Mallard, fl pr. 60® 75
Broilers, each.. — _) S6JCanvasbaik.pr 75@1 60
Turkeys, 1* tb.. 16.3 lb|Sprlg, -jH pair.. 50(a» —
Ducks, each... 50(3 OOiTeal, "{4 pair... 60(3 —
Geese, each 75®1 00 Widgeon, $dc s^(ci —
Pigeon-, ft pr.. 40® 6( Ismll Duck. or. 35® 40 i
Rabbits, %* pr.. 35® 4tj :.* 
■ PRuiTa AND *S-_*TS.
Almonds. *?> Ib 12@15Limes, fl doz 86(3 — |
Apples. *0 lb 4(3 5 Oranges, fl d 05.... 15330 i
Bananas, "tl . .15(320 Pears, fl lb B®lo
Cocoanuts. each... 4(3 'Raisins, '*} lb. S®ls
Lemons, %i doz 25(330! Walnuts, ft lb 16(_) —
VEQKTABI.K3.
Asparagus, Vlb ..20(g>25iMr'fat Squash, fl lb 6(310
Artichokes, *gdozsl®l 26 Dried Okra. "^ lb. .12(a>15 ■
Beets, f* doz 12@16 Onions, Ib 4(3 5 |
Beans, white f> lb... 3® 6 ; Peppers, dried ...16® —
Colored. *# lb ;-(2) 61 do. gre->n. "# lb . B®lft I
Lima. "# lb 4(3 .6 Parsnips, "a 00z..-16®20 I
Cabbage, each 6tolo Potatoes, fl lb 2(5) 3 j
Cauliflowers, each. 6(5) 8' Do Sweet, V tb. . Ufa. 4
Celery, f* bunch. . . 6® — ; Radishes. »dzbchs. 10(312
Cress. dzbunchs.2o®2silthubaru ~Q, lb. 10(oil2
Garlic, tyib. ....... — 'Sage, *P lb ...25®35
Green Peas, -ft lb.. SMlOiString Beans, "4 10(315
Lentils, fl lb 6® Hl'hyme, ~$ lb 20(33()
Lettuce, "P doz 15(325|Turnips, ty d0z....16®20
Mushrooms, fl *t..ls@2t!Toniatoes, «< 5i.... B®lo
, >*JSH— PER POONO.
Barracuda -(3— iShad... RfffilO
Carp 5(3 t-Sea Hass .'....10(312
Codfish 12(315 Smelts 12(315
Flounders 10(3 — Soles 10(312
Halibut 15 Skates, each s<§)ls
Herring B@io;sturgeon Hi'iij !
Kingflsh fc(3lUlTomcod.... 12(31.t
Mackerel -(3 — Clams, ty gal — <_k>o
do, Horse -(3 — Do. hardshell, fl
Perch 10(3 — ; 100 60® —
Pompano -'3 — Crabs, each ....12®16
Rockflsh 12(31 5 Do. softshell, fl 25(335
Salmon, smoked.. — Mussels, "j* qrt 10(312 :
Salmon, fresh 12(315 Oysters, Cal, fl 100.40(3 — i
Shrimps B®lol Do, Eastern, *f4Ui.25!i40 {
THE STOCK MAEKET.
There was a general advance In mining sto-ks
yesterday. Con. Cal. A Va. rose to 91 55. Chollar
to 99c, Ophlr to 91 10 and so on.
The annual meeting of the Unon Trust Com
pany has been called for February 1.
The Centennial-Eureka Mining Company of
Utah paid a dividend of 91 p-r share, amounting
to 930,000, yesterday, making a total paid to
date cf $1,920,000.
Dividends were paid yesterday by the following
local corpora*. ions: Bank of . California 93 per
share: Nevada Bank, *1 50 per share; California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. 91 60 per share:
Fdison Light and Power Company, 5-31/30 per
share; Pacific --unset Telephone and Telegraph
companies, 40c and 26c per share respectively;
and Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank. »3 per share.
The official letter from the Savage mine for the
week ending January 13 says: On the 760 level
the north urlft arted from a point 60 feet west
irom the shaft in the main west dr.ft has been ad- I
vanced 18 feet; face Is in porphyry, total length
103 feet. On the 850 level in the main south
drift, at a point 105 feet south of east crosscut 3,
we have started east crosscut 4 and west crosscut
3. These crosscuts ' are started opposite each
other, and are each advanced 5 feet tn low grade
quartz. We have hoisted altogether from the
mam south drift 46 cars of ore: car samples
average per ton: go. 97 10, silver 14.5 ounces,
total $25 94. On the 600 level we have cleaned
out and repaired the main west drift a distance of
160 feet from the shaft, 11 feet being covered
during the week, p-'sslng through heavy clay.
Brunswick lode— shaft 1 is down 794 feet on the
slope, 6 leet bavin*- been added during the past
week: bottom In hard loo. wall rock. We havo
stopped sinking and .re now raising the chutes
i preparatory to opening the 600 level station. 400
level— 'lhe joint savage-Norcross north di ift was
advanced 20 feet; total length, 93 feet north of
our south boundary: ace in porphyry, quartz and
clay. '
lldAell sA._,K3.
Following were (he sales ln the San Francisco
Stock Foard yesterday :
REGULAR MORNING SKSSION, COMMENCING 9:80.
200 Belcher ...481100 C0nn.. .. 1.30 30J Ovrmn.. 14
60 8&8.....66 ioO C i'olnt_..3s 10) Potosl *68
300 Chllnge...6- 100 O&C .42 200 Savage ....'i.i
lOOCldlar 87 100 Kentuck..U4 JOJ i ■»««•_,«■... 37 j
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
2on ATPha...~l6 150 CC_*.V...l.soilLo Occdt..-!.18
200 A1ta. .....09 700 .........1.46 100 0ph1r... 1.10
400 Beicner....4P .700 C Imp ..02|JOO .1.05
300 .'....:. 4S SOJ C 1'01n*.....3r 300 0vrmn... .15
650 8&8......6t 200 39 10J Potest _.' 63
150 .„..67 10J U <_ C..._4r 100 Savage... 26
100 ...'........65 -00...... ......4i .'OO S ... .48
20) ChaU_e...ot .01 H<fcN.:.l.3l 1216 Stanrd..l. ss
100 59 300 Mexlcan.,4B 6. 0 Syndcate.o3
400 Ch0ir....:. 93 300 NO. C..3. iOO uu__......„_
600 ........... 9!* 260 .......... .25 100 X J_cici-.38
Following were the ' sales in the Pacific Slock
Board yesterday: *v;: •*!',.; 7 .-.,'..
REGULAR session— lo:3o. .-.;'"
300 Alnhs 14 100 Caled 111300 Justice.. ..os
200 A1ta'.'.... '.08 15*1 CCV. I.32^ 200 Kentck....o4
600 Andes..;. l6 300 ...........1.30 800 Mxic„..44
40U 8e1cher. ..49 .7.1.86 500 Occd 17
300 ....471500.V.i.;.;:.1.4'j 20J Ophlr .P5
400 481600 1.42 V. 400 LOO
750 B A 8....60100 C0nf1.... 1.30 800 0vrmn. ...14
300 61100 1.27% 501 P0t051 ....
1000 8u11i0n..06 500 1mp. ...01 500 60
200 ..OlbOO 02 300 62
600 Chilige"...6o 300 CrwnPt..34 2th> bava«e....24
SOO 69700 37^00 -25
Jon SB!sooExchqr...os 3005Nev.....47
305 671200 GAC .._42 100 Stnrd 1.62 V.
SO? Chofr:::.V.Bß 700 -.....•.•:" 1200 Cnion....**
100 -..89 150 HAN ...1% 300 Utah 05
«m ...90 200 ..... 1.27% *« v JoeU 87
200 94|1000 1.30 400 36
AFTKBXOOJ* SESSION*— 2: 30.
400 Aloha 16|2000 Con 1m..02.500 Ovrmn-. .16
iOO --ST.".::. 19 SOU C F0mt...39 SOU Potest 62
900 And M....16 400Exchtjr...05 600 63
200 8e1cher...49 500 GAO 45 100 "••••"•*"°i
600 ..-50300 S 26
|S3 |8S ::;:::::::4 88^^?!
300 CMed_l-::-W^0 HAN^OSOii _Nev.....50
600 Cha11ge... 691500 :::;;::^ To $?"■'&
300 ..67::00 I.SaV-'S*" btnrd...l.&B
1800 Ch011ar.. 951 500 Justice. ..ol,l7oo Uni0n....44
2300 93*600 Kentnck..o4 400 -""1%
460 CGaVI.47Vs 600 Mexican -.49 400 ... » "
1400 1.45 400 4f6i)J £•***»:;— «»
2400 ..* 1.50800 Occidt:..-17 40J 1" J*11«...38
600. 1.621/2 9011 Oohir. ..1.06 300 ■••»»
310 -1.501200 1.07%,400 -37%
100 cond ...1.80|200 ..........I.IJI .
-J-OMNI, QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 1 5 -4 p. ir.
rft.Athal. Bid-AsHeA-
Alt*. <*«..... 15 09Justlce. ._, - "5
Alia. H8 09 Justice. - JJ* ""
Andes. 15 16 Kentoek....^. «<* \»
Belcher 4K 49 Lady Wash.... - «■»
BestAßeloher 67 69 Mexican 49 do
Benton Con.*... btt — Nevada Queen. — «•
Bullion 05 «6 Occidental..... 18 *■
Caledonia. 11 12 Ophlr 1.05 1.10
Chollar 98 1.00 Overman-. .... 14 io
Con.C_lAVa...Lso 1.55 PotosL - S7 6H
Challengs Coo. 69 60 savage. — ** *°
Con. Imperial. 01 VI Scorpion...... 02 —
Confidence.'... 1.25 1.30 eg. Belches... 10 ll
Con New York — 03 silver Hill , 01 12
Crown Point.. 37 38 sierra Nevada. 48 50
EastSlerraNd7 — M standard 1.50 1.65
Eureka Con.. — 25 syndicate. .... 02 14
Excheauer. 04 lb Union con...- 46 48
>k. Gurry. 47 49 Utah — 04 06
_._.. .-. Surer-, 1.30 1.35 VeUOW MtWi 36 37
b-OCi- ASH BONO EXCHANGE.
FRIUAV.JanIS-2p.it
r>rrrin» status boa--.
W. _H*e«t| BOX ******
ÜB4scouo.Hl - J 8 re_... 10 J 110%
Do new issuel2oV_ — I
MISCaII-LAKKOm no*»»vs.
Cal-stCbless.llO — Oak Gas 55.. - 104
Cal Elec L 65126 V*,129 Do 2d is 55. . . 108 —
CntraCW6s 92V2 95 Omnibus 65.. 119% 1201 /4
Dpnt-stex-cp — 97^P.tORy6s. — 113
EdsnLAP6sl2B*v_* — PACh Ry 6s. — 104
FACH RRoslO6i/_lO6 Pwl-st RR 6j112Va117
Gearv-st R&slOO — Reno.WLAL — 105
H l.As 5 Vis. 103 — I sacto AL. - 100
LosAngL6s — 100 SFANPRSi. 98 9**y_
Do Gn teed 6s — 101 !sPRRAriz6s 90 95
Mkt-stCble6sl2oV_ — IsPKRCaI 65.1i0 —
DoßvCon bs. lU6Vs lo63 /B'"'i' - — 100,
N'ntVlnttslsc — 100 |~PBrRCal6s. 96»4 -'
NevCNgß7s.lOO — SVWater 6s. 1183/gl 19
NRvCaltfs.lUl — -VWater4s. 9tfß/.100V»
NRy cal 6s. - 95 lstktnGAE6s — 101V_
WSTKH stocky
Contra Costa 30% 33Vss|3prng Valley 97% e8
Mario Ca.... — 62 | :
' CAS AND KLKCTBIC STOCKS.
Capital.....;. —" So j Pac <• as Imp — 92%
Central 95 — ' ] Pacific Light 48 5o
Ed.son Llghll27 127 V4 SanFrancsco 98% 98%
MEleoLigiii fci4 B^i -.10cai0u.. ... — 20
Oak L A &3» 4 — j
. IMiUIIAXCK RTOCK-1.
Flreman'sFdl7l < — |suo — —
COMUKBCIAL HANK BTO-7IC'-
AUglo-Cal 60 — IFirstNatlonl — 190
Bank of Cal..2JiBV-242iA!f.ondonPAA.137Va —
CalsDATColl)7 108Vi>|Merch Ex.... IJ —
VINOS BANK STOCKS.
GerSALCo.. — 1600 ISavALoan.. — 105
HumbSAL.llOO — Security. .....2so 800
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 80J 860
SFaav Union — 49J I
bTRKBr RAI-ROAI «T<V?-*:*l.
California... 107 110 lOakSLAHay — 109
Geary st — 60 Presidio 6% 6%
Market-5t.... 421/4 43 1
l-^.vI.KK STOCKS. ,
Atlantic D... 16 17 (Giant C0n,... 29*+ 30
California.... 75 — IVigorlt. — 90c
Ksstern D..„ 80 88 |
JIISCKLIAVIOOS STOCK!.
Alaska Piers. 9aV IOO iNatVlnCo.. — *%
Ger Lead Co. hO ' ICO jiceanlcSSCo 22 27%
HawCASCo.. 17 V I7%IP_cAnxFA — 4
HuichSPto 25 26%U'acBoraxCo. 95 —
MerExAssn.. — 110 jParfPalntCo — 7
1 — _ lOU>'lAu> "AIIJA.
posrd —
86 Giant Powder Con 28 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial. 17 2ft
1 6 Mutual Electric Lleht, cash 8 87%
54000 Northern R'y of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 101 60
60 a V Water *>7 87%
•Mr* l **.! —
$1000 Marke'-st Ry Con 5% Bonds 108 25
50 Presidioß 6 75
«A__»— AJIiiI.VUU.. --asi.*.*.
T"n»rd — '
2000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 93 00
10 Giant Powder Con 2*B 26
145 .do do '. _ 29 50
60 do do „.... 30 00
60 do do. b5 30 OO
45 Hutchinson S Co. _ 26 00
40 Mutual llectric Light 8 37%
* — ♦ — ♦
OtJiAiN MtAMi.ll.-i.
r)ate«« of "Departure rom San Prancisco.
STEAM KR I DKBTINATIOX. I
SAILS.
| PIKR.
Alllanct,.... !
Jueeu |
.'op lc
.'orona
State ot Cat. j
?lty Sydney i
areata
Coos Bay-..
Homer
Karallon
Walla Walla
Mexico
j Coos Bay
| Pan Diego
China A Japan
Humboldtiia>
! Portland......
Panama.
coos Bay
I Newport
Coos Bay
\ aqnlna Bay.
Vie A Pgt Bno
San D1ez0.....
Coos Bay.
Newport
j Portland
China A Japan
Jan 16. 3 pm;
Jan 16.11 am
Jan 16, li'M
Jan 16. Ir-
ian 18.10 am,
Jan 18,12 a
Jan 18.10 am
Jan 18. !av
Jan 19, spm!
Jan 19. 9am
Jan 19. 9am ;
Jan 20.11 am
lan 21, spm {
Jan 22. Vaml
Jan 2:i.l«am
Jan 23. Iyu
Pier i 3
j Pier I I
PM SS
j Pl^r »
i Pier 24
PM a :_
; Pier 13
Pier 11
| Pier 13
Pier -a
i Pier 9
I Pier 11
I Pier 8
! Pier 11
! Ple» j i
■ p jj a a
_zarina
Eureka I
Colombia... <
Rio Janeiro. '
STEAMERS TO Ai.KiVE.
v fr AM
ROM
DO*
North boric ...
Loos 8ar. ......
Washtenaw ....
Areata
■r__.li....
Karallon |
Orizaba j
Wellington... .
Rio de Janeiro..
Mexico
Homer
Corona I
Humboldt Bay
Newport ;.. ......
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Yaqulna Bay
| Mexico
I Departure Bay
: China A Japan
pan Diego
Coos Bay
Humboldt, Bay.
Crescent City .........
I Coos Bay ................ I
I Newport.
, Victoria A Puget Sound
I Portland.'......
I Honolulu :.
| 'I -coma ..-
San Diego..
I Panama...
Portland
Jl'r.«r»n'(«lr
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan IK
..Jan 18
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
.Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 22
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
! Jan 88
Jleone
Jzarina
_oreka- v . |
rmatllla. ... j
Columbia.
Australia
Mackinaw |
Jueeii i
San Juan I
allceßlancbard
:*rA«r-ot I'lrv. .
SUN, MOON A>_» TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times' and Heights of High and Low
' Waters at Fokt Point. Entravck to
San Francisco Ray. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the superintendent.
Note— high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five mum later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
January— lß97.
Saturday, January 16.
Pnnr!*** 7.241 Moon rises
Mm *~m 5 16 1 Moon s«t». ... 6.43 Ait
> I __!____? j Feet Time I Fen I !_____:
g I. 4V'| 'H >%' 11. W
Feet I ___!___
! Ik i. i
Feet
18
20
I 2.37 374
3. -.8 8.6
H W
0.25 4.1
1.15 4.6
1.41 4.7
2.12 -4.8 1
| 2.44 4.9
9.27
I. W
16
6.55
6. -IS
! 7.47
I 8.47
6.4 4.47
H W
8.1 1 10.14
2 11.51
2.5 12.43
! 2.1 1.42
I 1.7 1 2.46
— v.o
L W
53 5.22
' 6.0 6.37
4.7 7.16
4.5 8.00
4.0| 8.47
-as
1-0.4
0.1
0.7
I 1.3
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left band
eolnmn, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thlrJ
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as somettmej
sccurs. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tbe
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Offlce located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. -;Vintf>M|
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained .regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocjau
commerce.
. The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120lh meridian, by
telegraphic * signal' received each day from the
United States Naval Obiervatory a; Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the • time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. if any. Is
published the same day uy tim afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following lav.
W. H. Hughes.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in chars*
The Time Ball. .
F»ANCH HYDROfIRArHIC OFPTOW. U. 3. N.. *»
MERCHANTS' KXCH»NS* V
' :•: ■ 6an Francisco. January 10. 1897. )
< The time bail on Telegraph Hill was aroppal
exactly at noon to-day— «-. at noon ofthe l-'Ou
meridian, vr exactly at » ft au. Greenwich urn-*
W. S. Hushes,
Lieutenant U. &a. In charge. •
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrive -I.
THURSDAY. January 14.
Stmr State of California. Green.' 61 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 39 % hours; pass ana mass, j
to Goodali, Perkins A Co. .
> i| ; ; ; : . FRIDAY, January 15. J^
Btmr Jewel, Madsen, IS hours from Caspar;
325 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Weeott, Miller. 14 hours from Navarro:
6860 R It ties, toC A Hooper A Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 62 hours from
Victoria and Pnget Sound ports; pass and mdse. to
Goodali. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Corona, Doran. 18 hours from Eureka;
pass ana mdse, to Goodali, Perkins A Co. .
Haw ship Hawaiian Is.es Kustel, 59 da**s from
Newcastle, NSW; 3248 tons coal, to J J Moore A
Co. *
Bark Guy C Goss, Mallett, 8 days from Port
Los Angeles: bal. ait. to 11 J Knowles
schr Etta B, Bourne. 10 hours from Fort Ross:
CO bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Nettie low. Low. 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. January 15.
NIC stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanaimo"; R
Dunsmuir A Sons. '
Mmr Uu-en, Alexander, San Diego; Goodali,
Perkins A Co.
Brship t rowu of Germany, Mann, Liverpool;
Geo W Mc Near.
Mcx schr Joseflna, Flpziehkan, Ensenada; M
Turner. *•
Sailed.
FRIDAY. January 15.
Ptmr Sunot. Dettmerg. Grays Harbor.
Nic stmr Costa Rica. Mclntyre, Nanalma
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen, (Jaipur.
Btmr Alcazar, Gundersou. •
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cras.
Btmr Del Norte, Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Br ship Auchencairn. Nelson oueenstown.
Fr bark Relne Blanche. Guarle, Queenstown.
Bchr North Bend. Wlnkel, Willapa Harbor.
bchr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
»lioken.
Jan 10, 40 N 12 W-Br ship Varans, from Swan
sea, for Sun Prancisco. _._-___,
Per Eaton Hall-Jan 13, 40 miles 8 of the Faial
lones-Br sealing schr C H Rand, wlih 60 seal
**l%? Walla Walla-Jan 13. 46 N. 124 46 W-Br
bark Ab-Srystwith Castle, for Ore_oc.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOa Jan. 16.— p. it— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
Domestic Por'l.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Areata, hno
Jan 1 1; stmr Bonlta. hence Jan 12. Jan 16— Stmr
Homer, hence Jan 12; tug Hunter, hence Jan 13.
Sailed Jan 15-Stuir Areata, for San Francis
EUREKA— Arrived Jaa 15-*Jtu-r Farailon, v
hence Jan 14. . _ ■
Sailed Jan 15— Stmr North Fork, for Ban Fran
elseclsco * - „ -,
PORTBLAKELEY-Salled Jan 13-Sohr C 8
Holmes for san Pedro.
TATOOSH- Passed Jan 15— Ship Dashing Wave,
hence Jan 3, for Taco.ua.
WHATCOM-Sailed Jan 15-Schr Challenger,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 15 -Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 13; stmr Albion, hence Jan 7; Br bark
Candida, irom Newcastle, NSW.
NAY sailed Jan 15— Stmr Whltesboro,
from san Pedro.
I'uKl LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Jan 15-U 8 3
Monterey.
USAL— Arrived Jan 15-S:mr Newsboy, hence
Jan .4.
FOR T BRAGG— Arrived . Jan 16— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 14; schr Albion.
salied Jan 16— stmr Protection, for Ban Fran
cisco. , .:'■'_.
■■•AN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 15— U 8 S Thomas
Corwin, hence Jan 10; schr Stquoia, from Port
Hadloca.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— In port Dec 21— Br ship
Clan Graham. «or Sau Francisco: Br snip Crown
or Denmark, for San Francisco: Br ship P.ed Rock,
for San Francisco; Br bark Selkirkshire, for Port
land: bark Seminole, for Honolulu.
Chartered to load— schr Louis, for Honolulu:
bktn Newsboy, for Honolulu; st.hr Novelty, for
Hoiolulu; ship Reaper, for Honolulu; Brship
Pendeen. for San Francisco; Br snip British Isles
for San Francisco; Brshlp Falls of Foyers, ior san
Francisco.
stalled Dec I— Brshlp Talus, for San Francisco;
ship OF Sargent, lor Honolulu. Dec 7— Br ship
Arranmore, for San Fraucisco. Dec 9— Nor bark
Fantasi, for Hono.ulu. Dec 10— sc.ir Metha .Nel
son, ior Kahulul. Dec 15— Br ship Crissinglon.
for San rr_uclsco. D..-C 16— Nic bkntn Wrest.er,
tor Honolulu. Dec 20— Bkntn Geo C Perkins, for
I Honolulu, Dec i.9— Br ship Glenelvau, for Port
land.
! SYDNEY— Arrived Dec '.o— Bark Harry Morse,
hence Oct 24.
sailed Dec 25— Baik Snow and Burgess, for San
Francisco. Dec Haw bark Leahi, for Kaiiu vi.
FREH.MANTLE- Arrived Dec 26— Bitn News
boy, from Puget Sound.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan s— Stmr Australia,
heuce Dec 29: Haw bark R P Rltheu from New
castle, NSW; bktn W H Dimund. hence Dec 19;
bktn Archer, hence Dec 17: b»tn Irragard. hence
De': 17; Jap simr Tenshio Maru, from Yokohama.
Jan 7— Jap sinir Sakura Maru, from Seattle; Br
stmr Monowai, from Australia.
sailed Jan 1 — Br bark Suowdeu, for New York;
schr Aloha, for Sau Francisco. Jan 4— Br nark
Woollahra, for Humboldt Jan 7- Jap stmr S^in
shin Maru, lor Yokohama.
To sail, Jan 6— Jap stmr Tensbin Maru. for
Seattle. Jan 7— Jap stmr Sakura Maru, for Yoko
hama; Haw bark Andrew Welch, ior *a.i *'r»u- t
CISCO. —*- v:- - ■ I"*!*
ANTWERP Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr Lean- *
der, hence Oct 27. |
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec 3-Chll brk India, '
from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 14— Br ship Brab
loch, hence Aug 29.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Ban Jose, hue
Dec 8.
sailed Dec 31— Stmr Costa Rl*.a, for Manzanillo.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St*»-»»n*>-i.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Hekia,
from Copenhagen, etc
MO Vl Salted Jan 15— Stmr Anchorla, for
New Yor_.
LONDON— Salied Jan 15— Stmr Mobile, for
New York.
HAMBURG- Arrived out Jan 16— Btmr Prussia.
Importations.
TACOMA— Per Walla Walla— B bbls old iron, 1
oil stove.
T_conia, via N P Rai'way— l cs tinware, 2662
hf-sks 176 sks flour. 277 sks wheat, 2 eh tea.
Everett— l2. kegs nails. 1870. bdls laths, 635
bdls shooks, 700 bars bullion, 664 bdls paper.
Anacortes-6 cs cooper rivets.
New Whatcom— l2,6oo ft lumber, 2 bxs butter,
17 bxs s plates.
Vancouver, via C P Railroad— 3oo cs glucoie, 1
pkg cloth, 220 cs smoking tobacco. 168 a hats, 25
drum* glycerine, 39 cs cigarettes 33 cs k v wear,
6cs cigars, 62 ci boots and saoei, 5 cs hosiery, 40
cs shirts, Bcs k wear.
Vancouver- 431 bdls hides 38 bdls pelts, 19 bJls
cal skins.
Departure Bay— Bo3 tons coal.
Seattle— ID bxs plates. 258 hides, 2 bxs fr fish. 6
bxs smoked fish. 13 cs eggs, 13 pkgs mdse, 3 bxs
bicycles, 1 bx or*, 8 cs bacon. 1 cs Rum. 1 cs oil. 2
crts kettles. 1 501 salmon. 11 bxs machinery, 3
bales wool. 18 sks coal, 1 bx cigars, 1 pump. 1 bdl
hose, i w light, 1 bx fixtures, 2 s venison, 8 sacks
coffee, 7 pkgs express, 58 bxs household goods, 3
bbls tallow, 300 sks c oils.
Seattle, via Great Northern Railway— 2so hf
sks flour. 7 bxs rubter goods. 1 bx clo*h.
Port Townsend— 4 cscneeae, 1 *•: coin.
Victoria— 6 pkgs household goods, 237 hides, 17
kips. 1081 bxsoranges, 2 pkgsexpress, 39 cs cu
rios, 70 bills pelt..
PORTLAND— Per State of California— sß cs eggs.
2403 sks wheat, 63 sks wool, 58-? qr-sks 600 hf-sks
3.)6gunn!e< 1644 sks flour, 3.00 sks bran. 1213
pkgs paper. 458 sks pota oes. 10 sks horseradish,
10 bbls cranberries, 60 sis d s flitches.
Astoria— l4o bdls bides and relis, 100 cs salmon
71 sks oysters, 1440 pkgs shooks. 4 pkgs express.
EUREKA — Per «. orona— 6 hf-hxs rtsh, 2 d urns
cheese, 32 pS*tg-i mdse, 1 lot household goods, 1 cs
pho:o coods. 2 pkgs dry goods, 31 bxs butter, 412
31 shingiea, 1 axle. 1 ci er*-;***.. 1 box books, 1 sack
coin 63 M ft lumber, 1 bx typewriter. 1 pkg sash,
25 M shakes, 7 pkus express, 1 bx lard.
E and E R B-63 hf-bxs 24 bxs fish, 1 cs shoes
6 kegs 67 bxs butter, 1 ox hardware, 16 bbls fish,
5 sks potatoes, 2 bxs glassware. 3 coops chicken*,
5 pkes mdse, 1 lot household goods. 64 bxs apples, .
1 keg wine. 1 box fruit, Ibx baking powder, 1 box J
drug-*, 1 cs shirts. #.
Consignee**.
Per Walla Walla - Llevre, Frlcke A Co; Am To
bacco to: Dunham, Carrigan A Co: II Lew A Co ;
>ell v Smehitisr ami Lead Co; Trobock A Bergen;
Humboldt Lumb»r go; Blake, Moult* A Town*;
Moore, Ferguson ACo : Amer Tress Assn: Bern
stein Bros; Kowalsky A Co; Murphy, Grant A Co;
Buckingham, HeihiA Co: Blsslnger A Co; tt S.n
gulnetii'; Calm, Nickelsburg A Co: Oregon Imp Co;
Amer Curb Acid Gas Co; Dairymen's Union; Ross
it Co; J X Armsby A Co; Tillmann A Bendel; W P
_ ulier Co; 'Thomas Lou^hian; W F Thayer; S
P Mining Co: »Y ells, Fargo & Co; LScatenaACo:
Wetmoro Bro*: Hughson A Morton; Triest A to:
Heed Jb Co: S Slenvater; J stencil; O W Howard:
W Davis A Sons; Nor.hern Lumber Co; Hooper A
Jennings: W G Richardson: J Q Adams .c Co: A
M Ileseii; Bellincham Bay Imp Co: P Berwin A
Bros; L Saroul <fc Co; Rothschild A Ehrenpfort;
Long Syr.p Co: Giant Powder Co: M Sherwood:
Meyer A Co: Mlcballtschke Bros: DnrTACo:
E L JefTery; G W Warner; Oppenheimer A Co: M
McDougall; Rlsdon Iron Wor.cs: A C Daliey: S H
Co: Royal Milling Co: Cromble A Co; J Price; T J
Conner; Parke A Lacy.
l'er Slate of California— Wells, Fargo ACo ; A S.
.*- mlth; M E A Wagner; Darbee A Immel; C Carl
sou; Fogarly A Parker; Dairymen's Union: s Fos
ter: Cla sop Mid to; Bissinger A Co; Dalton Bros;
J ivancovich A Co: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co:
McDonough A Rnnyon: Otis, McAllister ACo*. Ar
mour Packing Co; Wolf A Son: f Unions A Co: D
I Russell; M _■ Detels: Chambers, Price A Co; l'mja
A Son; C J A Co: Geo Morrow A Co; r ish-r
Packing Co; J P Thomas; Moore, Ferguson ago;
Allen A Lewis; Pacific Vineear Works; Western
Roll Paper Co; Crown Paper Co.
Per Corona— American Union Fish Co; Arctic
Oil Works: Bandon Woolen-mills; Get* Bros A Co;
J B Inguglla: Bricham. Hopne A Co: J it Kessln^
A Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Wleland Brewing Co;
Standard Oil Co* Wellman, Peck A Co; E F Rich
man; Sherwood A Sher wool; Western Meat Co; H
J Mullock: Weils. Far«o A Co: A Paladin! : A P
Hoiali.ik A Co; G Camllloni A Co: Milan! ACo : J
J de Haven: C E Whitney A Co; F B Halght: J M.
Vance; Dairymen's Union: Russ. Sanders ACo; J
R Hanlfy; - J H Newbauer A Co ; OB Smith A Co;
Norton, Teller A Co; Ross A Hewlett; IT DutarJ ;
Wheaton. Breou A Co*. L Scatena A Co: New York
MfgCo; Wltzel A Baker: N Tarantlno; Hiberuin
Brewery; L Walker: U M Alexander: McKay A 1
Co: R A Barnes: Sanborn. Vail A Co; F H Chop]-'
U S Brewery: Bel. lngham Bay Co; A Bellanti: hi
M Hejkman; H II Hog an; D Vergilie; Goodyear
Rubber Co: J G Overton.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-***
.. Law and Notary Public, 688 MarKet st. opp*
Site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence. lt__S
r«U street. *j«le»_i->aa <* Wo* «-"_B9i, *DEMOCRATS HAVE
PAID ALL BILLS
Con Brosnahan Issues a
Statement by Way of
a Contrast.
He Is Anxious For the.WorJd
to Know That a New Pre
cedent Is Set.
Tbe Largest Item Is : the Amount
Spent by Committeemen on
Election Day. • *
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call.)
;-"•■- 'JOS [roadway, Jan. 15. )
Chairman Brosnahan of the Democratic
County Committee has a vein of humor in
his politics. He does not believe that the
oi.i county committee should have too
much notoriety, and. so he has prepared
an interesting document that sets forth
what hie committee has been doing since
the juvenile orator of Nebraska made hia
bow to the country.
While the old committee is: being sued
for its hills ana- the ball of responsibility
is being tossed from one to the other, the
' new committee is congratulating itself
and is making known the fact that it has
paid all its campaign expenses. It was
not Known before that it was necessary
for Democrats, even when in a state of
fusion with the Populism, as was the case
during the last campaign, to make public
the fact that they paid their bills, but
after the unfortunate experience of their
predecessors Air. Brosnahan evidently
thought it advisable to establish a new
precedent.
There are many interesting facts men
tioned in the statement, and the freedom
from debt is certainly a new feeling for
Democratic committeemen. It is true
that the party did not hold its ground in
the county during the last campaign, but
this attribute to the actions of their
predecessors.'
The names of several well-known Dem
ocrats are not on the list of contributors,
but this i- accounted for tv t c fact that
they belonged to the cold party. Among
these are J. J. White, postmaster, J. West
Martin, the banker, and it is also noted
that W. W. Foote does not appear in the
list. Among those who bore the brunt of
the expense are W. J. Dingee, John JHack
ett, R. M. Fitzgerald. J. M. English, T. C.
Coo'gan, Frank Dium and C. Brown.
Warren B. English, Collector ot the Port
at that time, and nis brother, W. D., did
not contribute to the campaign, .and the
list shows, as nothing else could, how
completely broken up were the old party
lines.
The fireworks that were let off jointly by
Populists and Democrats cost $126, while
$234 was paid for bands. All the ex
penses amount to $12 less than the sum
collected. The largest item which ap
pears reads: "Furnished to members of
the County Committee on election day,'
$245." This amount, it has been calculated,
would furnish one "refreshment" to-nearly
every Democratic voter who went to the
polls.
In conclusion Mr. Brosnahan, with a
slight touch of irony, says: "All bills con
tracted by tbe officers of this committee
have been paid and we hold receipts for
the same. 1 wish to thank the members
of the County Committee for their assist
ance and energy displayed during the last
campaign." .
DAVIE WILL RUN.
lie Cannot Say Yet How Hi Will.Ap
pear on the Ticket.
OAKLAX D, Cal., Jan. 15.— Mayor Davie
will be a candidate for Mayor. For some
time Mr. Davie has been very silent re
garding his intentions, but he stated to
day tnat he would certainly be on the
ticket to be voted for in March. '
"Although I intend to be a candidate
for Mayor," said Mr. Davie this morning,
"I cannot say on which party ticket I
shall be or if 1 shall be on any. My name
will come before the voters, but more than
that I cannot say at this time."
Marriage on tlie American Flan.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15. — Justice
Richmond of Alvarado will perform a
Chinese wedding ceremony to-morrow
evening on the American plan. Hing
Ball, a prosperous young merchant, pro
cured a license to-day to marry Si ling.
The groom called at the County Clerk's
office to-day and as soon us he procured
the license ne asked the Clerk to attach to
it pictures ot himself and bride-elect.
Clerk Ewing obliged Mr. Ball and the
photograph of the youne lady shows her
to oe a very attractive maiden for a Chi
nese.
INSTITUTE REGULATIONS.
Important Rules Passed to
Govern the Meetings of
the Farmers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 15.— An im
] riant set of resolutions have just been
passed by the joint committee of the
Board of Regents and University faculty,
outlining their line of policy with refer
ence to their holding iarmeis' institutes,
under the auspices of the university. To
the extent that means are available, the
College of Agriculture will hold institutes
under the adopted regulations. These
resolutions define the beginning of the in
stitute year, the conditions under which
institutes shall be held and the work to be
carried on. One of the largest of these
meetings yet undertaken in the State will
be held at Livermore next Monday.
The regulations referred to are as fol
lows :
1. The Investigation will begin on the first
day of July and end on the last day of June,
each year.*
2. Written applications signed by repre
sentatives of at least twenty lamilies actually
engaged in farming must be In the hands of
the officer appointed to receive them not later
than the first day of May preceding the insti
tute year in wnich they. are" to be held. An
exception to this rule may be made in the case
of farmer*' clubs or other farmers' organiza
tions who apply by their duly authorized
officers. '
3. All applications must contain the prom
ise oi those i-ignin to provide a suitable pl„ce
of meeting, lighted and warmed as the season
may require, and to properly advertise the
meeting by printed programmes and other
wise as may De found best. The application
must also give the name* and addresses of a
committee responsible lor the local arrange
ments. :'■"■/. ■ . ' • '
4. The College of Agriculture will determine
the dates of the institutes, assign the subjects
and appoint the lecturer, but in so doing, it
will be guded by the expressed wishes of
those making the application, so far as it Is
possible, without injury toother interests, or
foresee with other duties.
5. The College of Agriculture will, in all
cases, designate the conductor or other pre
siding officer of the institute, who will have
charge of carrying out the programme as* the
representative of the university.' *.:.
6. At least two writ en papers for each
rtav in wnich the institute shall be in session
must b? supplied by the locality in which the
institute is held. Such papers must relate to
some topic of local interest to farmers of' the
vicinity and be. prepared by peisons of ex
perience in the subjects to whicu they relate. - j
7. Upon, compliance with the above the
university will send one or more competent
persons to preside over the lectures at the in
stitute and pay all the expenses. Institutes
will be held in the places ring, so far the
funds availab c will permit, and whenever
they are insufficient ihe institutes- will be ap
portioned in such manner as may seem most
equitably and in the public interest.
Looking for a Pastor.
BERKELEY, Cal.. lan. 15.— Rev. A. J.
Wills of the Second Unitarian Church of
San Franci co will preach for the Uni
tarian Society at Stiles Hall next Sunday
morning. The topic o: his discourse will
be "Unity for God and Man."
The trustees of the cnurch have ar
ranged lor a pulpit supply for each Sun
day" morning until a permanent pastor
has been secured or the temporary services
of Rev. William R. Alger, the eminent
divine of Boston, are obtained.
Negotiations for his engagement are now
being carried on. . ••.. r -'
Athletic Club Meet.
BERKELEY, Gal., Jin. 15.—Arrange
ments are being made by the East Berke
ley Athletic Club for a gentleman's night,
to be given Saturday evening, January
23. Among the ieatures will be a three
round bout between Charles Richter and
John Armstrong, and a four-round spar
ring match between Jack Egan ana Jim
McNamara. The event of the evening
will be a ten-round contest between Jack
Davis of Chicago and Billy Brown
(colored) for a $35 trophy.
i'ire Chief Fight.
. BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 15.— Town
Board created by a special ordinance last
Monday night the office of Fire Chief for
Berkeley. Since that time all the candi
dates who were in the field when the posi
tion was talked of some weeks ago nave
risen as from their graves. James Ken
ney, D. J. Keane and S. H. Borkheim, all
well-known local lire laddies, are after the
place. ■ ; ',
Conditions of the West Oakland Marsh Past, Present and Prospective.
THE DELEGATES NAMED
Representative Republican Citi
zens Selected From
Every Ward.
Candidates Will Be Asked Their Posi
tions Regarding the Water-
Font Suits
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway. Jan. 15. J
The Committee of Twenty-one met to
night and named the delegates who will
sit in the convention next Monday even
ing. The names are those of the strong
est men in the Republican party in Oak
land, and cannot fail to give entire satis
faction. After the. delegates' names had
been presented the following resolution
was unanimously passed:
Resolved, That this committee of twenty-one
request .lie Republican City Convention, that
assembles next week, to incorporate in its
platform a piank opposing any compromise or
dismissal ol the water-front suits now pending
in the Supreme Court on any terms whatever,
and also request the convention to ask candi
dates for the Council to express themselves on
this point. ' 77 ;7*,-
Immediately after the adjournment of
the committee of twenty-one the city
central Republican committee, met and
ratified the report of the delegates. Cre
dentials will be sent to the delegates to
morrow. .
The delegates are:
First Ward— Charles Burkhalter, H. D. Tal
cott, Charles F. Wagner, W. J. Hayes,* Henry
Hufschmilt, Frad Sandelin, Charles Hender
son, E. M. Levy, W. B. Josephs, Frank B. Hoyt,
W. O'Brien, W. E. Frost, W. Tipton, Andrew
Holey wood, Ferdinand Koenig, Herman
Paine, Henry Bredhoff, H. le Nast, A. L. Eken
steen, W. X. Van de Mark, Fred It, Walsh.
Becond Ward— G. Gibbs, P. D. Horton, H.
Schellhaas, James Cahill, J. G. Cockerton, E.
H. Take, T. G. Hargreaves, H. C. Aldrlch, E. J.
Osgood, G. E. Brinckerhoff, H. R. Miller, A. O.
Perry, J. H. FairchilJs, R. P. M. Greeley, A. H.
Breed, J, G. Beckwith, James P. Taylor. G. T.
Hawley, E. A. Heron, A. L. Wood, G. W.
Dorniti.
Third Ward— J. H. Griswold, Paul Dth, J. I.
Palmer, Walter G. Manuel. W. S. Baxter, Julius
Abrahamson, R. M. Anthony, M. W. Upton,
Henry Walton, P. H. Remll ard, J. A. Stande
ford, J..H. Godd, C. W. Kellogg, E. H. Kit
tridge, L.G. Burpee, D. E. Portia, A. W. Pulci
fer, H. O. Trowbridge, Abe P. Leach, W. E.
Griffith*, George 8. Meredith.
Fourth Ward— James C. Adams, A. S. Car
man. James A. AicKt..non, Frederick Kahn, L.
G. Wolfe, H. A. Giines, M. D. Merritt, D. W.
Standeford, I. Aiuhr, H. T. Birket, Edwin
Meese, L. F. Cotton. Henry Meyer, A. L. Fish,
R. P. Poorman, R. E. Daniels, George 1). Gray,
W. A. Bernheim, C. Kley, John R. Scupham,
Charles Scholl. - .
Fifth Ward — D. C. Borland, Frank R.
Brignam, R.B. Chamberlain, J. L. Champlin,
H. P. Carlton. L. G.Cole. W. M. Hall. P. H.
Feiley, Theo Gier, H. R. Havens, Joseph Har
ris, K. A. Hughson, N. A. Koser, Victor H.
Atetcalf, W. Frank Pierce, W. I. Roed, E. C.
Sessions, J. F. W. Sohst, W. J. Spencer, F. R.
Williamson, K. W. Woodward.
Sixth Ward— a. Davis, G. W. Hoguet, Gus
Becket, H. B. Bercovich, B. Brown, William
Dalziel, A. L. Davis, A. Kay-er, E. S. H. Evers,
J. A. Fields, E. S. Fowler, J. H. Henderson, C.
L. Quigiey. John Johnson, P. B. Josephs, J. M.
Kelly, A. Keiso. H. 11. Meyer; H. L. Osgood, C.
D. Vincent, J. J. Coughlin.
Seventh Ward- c. c. Lombard, W. W. Wood
cock, J. W. Phillips, Robert T.Stuart, William
AlcGrath; N. K. Foster, A. H. Allen, C. A.
Ingerson. G. D. Passer, P. W. Wuthe, W. A.
Donaldson,^ 11. Boak, R. D. Yelland, W.J.
Wilcox, 1. G. Conklin.C. H. Miller H. F. Goff
W. H. Smith, Geoige R. Williams, J. W. Wat
son, C. H. Smith. _ -•_ ■ 'S^m
Fate of tbe Liquor "Ads.".
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 15.-On next
Monday afternoon the destiny of the
liquor "ad.-." which are pending admis
sion to the pages' of the Blue and Gold
will be sealed. A fight to a finish is an
ticipated, since the Y. M. C. A. and the
Y. W. C. A. have warmed up in good
style within the last few days. The co-cds
were to have held their indignation meet
ing next Tuesday afternoon, but Presi
dent Everett Brown has anticipated them
one day by calling for the class meeting
on Monday.
An Alleged' Jewel-Thief.
OAKLAND, Cai«, Jan. 15.— 80w Sane,
the Chines« cook at the Wheaton resi
dence, was arrested to-day on suspicion
of stealing jewels belonging :to Mrs.
Wheaton of the value of . $1000.. The arti
cles were missed . yesterday arid it was
thought a burglary bad been committed,
but it is now claimed that ' the Chinese is
the guilty party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
COL. IRISH'S DREAM
TO BE REALIZED
West Oakland's Marsh Will
Soon Blossom With
Roses.
■ '. : •Yr*"'^
Microbes and Miasmas Must Give
Way to Butterfl.es and
Perfume.
Overland Passengers Will Scon Change
Their Opinions of West
O.kland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broad way, Jan. 15. J
In a few months, for* the first time in
the history of the city, West Oaklanders
will be able to enjoy one breath of pure
air.
For thirty years, according to the oft
repeated remarks of Colonel Irish and
many other residents of that section, all
manner of germs that are bad microbes,
tubercule insects and miasmatic odors
have been waited over the marsh by the
breezes from the bay into the windows
and doors of the residents of that part of
town.
But the end is now in sight. At last
the desired end has been gained, and the
Colonel has probably, been' advised by
telegram in the East by the West Oak
land Improvement Club that the mars_,
is doomed. i'~'-- ;
Nothing has rejoiced the citizens of that
section so much as the knowledge of the
fact that the City Council purchased last
night two blocks of marsh land for the
purpose of a public park. The site of this
park is almost in the middle of the
marsh, and will be 'at once filled in and
planted with trees and flowers that will
make all manner of pleasant perfume.
For thirty/years millions of people
from- all parts of the country have passed
over the overland road across this marsh
on their way to San Francisco, and the
opinion prevails that the horrible, ill
smelling sight is a typical specimen of the
city on this side" of the bay. A few
months ago the railroad company, acting
in unison with the West Oakland Im
provement Club, filled in a small oortion
of land near the Sixteenth-street depot,
and this is being planted for a starter.
An ordinance has recently gone into
effect compelling scavengers to cease
dumping on the marsh, and this is an
other step toward purifying West Oak
land. Now that the land is bought, there
is nothing in tne way of the immediate
progress, of that section. -7.; * ;
Surrounding the park site, which con
sists of eleven acres, are about fifty-five
acres more, and it is so arranged that the
whole territory will proba*bly be filled in
at the same time.
The West Oakland Improvement Club
will arrange for a grand demonstration as
soon as work on the park site commences.
NOT LEARNED TO TALK.
Mrs. ' Carmen Schwartz Is the
Most Childish Woman
v . on Record.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call.)
.908 Broadway, Jan. 15. J
. The- most childish woman and mother
that bas come before the courts of this
county is Carmen Peralta Schwartz. Sha
is 26 > ears of age and has one child, but is
so simple that Judge .Greene only per
mitted • her , husband to become her
guardian on . the condition that he would
place her in Borne institution where she
could be educated enough to enable her
to act with discretion.
Mrs. Schwartz is unfortunate enouzb to
be the owner of an estate valued at about
$18,000. When on the witness-stand
Judge Greene could not believe that she
was really unable to answer his simple
questions. She did not know her name if
she. saw it, could not add even the
simplest figures, did not know how old
she was, and, in fact, could tell the
court nothing but that she knew she cared
for her little child.
When her case, was in ; court a few
months ago Judge Greene severely repri
manded her ; husband for not doing any
thing toward improving the. mental con
dition of his wife. .Some of the court's re
marks conveyed more than a hint that
Schwartz might' not be anxious for his
wife to know too much. Since giving the
promise to educate her Schwartz has neg
lected to keep it. A few weeks ago he
appeared in court with a request to draw
money from 1 his wife's estate. Judge
Greene reprimanded him, and stated that
he would entertain a motion tor yoke the
lettors and appoint a new guardian. x To
day Constable C. F. Weldon filed a peti
tion to be. appointed guardian in the place
of Schwartz. ' ' .
. Since his ' marriage Schwartz has got
into trouble by ': the too free use .of . his
knife, and, his trial for assaulting W. H.
Whipple with a deadly, weapon is how
pending. The p tition of Weldon will be
heard next Monday. : ;*
jjbe; husband and wife converse in a
jargon that closely resembles baby prat
■*. -
tie, and which he has to interpret to the
court as no one else can understand it.
-."■■■* • — * ; '.
SHOT HOMING PIGEONS.
Wanton Cruelty That May Cripple a
. ; .' ".*.'., ' Useful Industry.'^',
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— John Mole'
ot the Latham Terrace pigeon loft reports
some wanton cruelty by pothunters which
is likely to compel the abandonment of
the homing races which have been con
ducted by the California H ming Club.
Mr. Mole sent twenty- birds to San
Jose last Tuesday to fly to this city pre
liminary to tho homing race to take place
in connection with the Pacific poultry
show which opens here in a few days. Of
this number only fourgot home, the most
of the others being shot down by pot
hunters. .'* 'tt . ';*..' • . -
One of the best-known pigeons; known
as Cock E 111, flew home and through the
trap into the loft with both legs broken by
shot. The bird was so badly wounded that
it had to be killed. The endurance of the
homer pigeon thus mangled shows its
persistency. This bird was a valuable
thoroughbred Belgian and pigeon fanciers
say it may be necessary to pass a bill pro
viding a penalty for shooting homing
pigeons. ' . •,' - ; .
Trustee W. D. Leydecker of Alameda,' an
enthusiastic fancier, loosed thirty birds
recently which he was training for the
Sacramento race and only one of the
number reached home. In the Sacra
mento race of last Monday out of 300
birds set out only twenty-live came
through alive.
University Holiday.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 15.— A1l exer
cises at the State University will be sus
pended to-morrow. ■ . V >' : L '
ATHLETES BLACKED UP.
Tlun Some of Them Sang
Dreamy Ballads and Others
Were. Jolly.
Encinal Recreation Club He'd an En
tertainment and Invited Friends
to Come In. .
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 15.— The Encinal
Recreation Club gave a minstrel show in
the opera-house to-night, which was
largely attended and thoroughly appreci
ated. E. A.Anthony acted as interlocu
tor and Messrs. W. J. Hynes, Alex Ros
borough and A. P. Smiley bandied the
tambos, while Messrs. Bob Mitchell,
James Swinnertou and .H. F. Sheldon did
the bones with perfection. The musical
part of the programme opened with a
chorus by the entire company and was
followed by Mr. Hay who sang "Shall
We Ever Be Able to Fly?' Then "That
Melody Divine" was sung by R. 1. Mould.
Mr. Mitchell sang "O Promise Me"; A.
G. Burns, "Dear Old Pard" ; Alec Ros
borough, "My Gal Is a High-born Lady";
C. Jacklin, "We Don't Know How Much
We Love Them Till We Lose Them";
Swinnerton was the ladies' ideal and
made a hit with "C6on Dun Gone"; 8. H.
Henley closed with "Toreador" from
"Carmen."
The flying ballet, a burlesque, . set the
audience wild with , delight. Instead of
the invisible wires and supports, heavy
iron bars and rope were used. The dancer
was suspended by the latter hooked into
a canvas belt two or. three feet wide by
means or a large iron hook. The athletic
part of the programme was pood, and con
tested of: Horizontal bar work by Robert
Leando, F. P. Ebard, Teddy Colton and
W.-S. Linalny,' club-swinging by Charles
Slam berg, sketching- by James Swinner
ton and tumbling by Professor Robert
Leando, O. M. Stegman, I. M. Twohig and
Ben McNally. ' *
.7 The entertainment was arranged and
carried out through Gerald E. Goggin,
stage manager; Charles F. Fletter, as
sistant; Louis Homeier, leader Of orches
tra; Professor Jnlius Oettl, musical direc
tor. The officers of the club are: A. .B.
Cooper, president; E. A. Mudgett, vice
president; H.. F. Sheldon, secretary; A.
G. Burns, treasurer. The membership In
cludes the prominent business men of this
City and is as follows:
E. Anthony, A. G. Burns. John Beatty, W. B.
Blair, A. B. Cooner. 0. H. Cramer, H. D. Clark,
A. A. Deas, E. Dv Bose, D. Erskine, M. Eyre,
Al. AI. Fletcher, J. R. Fulton, Gerald Goggin,
Dr. J. G. Humphrey, F. A. Hammersmith,
John Helton, I. N. Halion, F. C. Howe,. J. W.
Harbourne, N. Jehu, George LubbeD, R. U.
Mastick, £. A. Aludjett, J. G. Alenzles, J. A.
Munroe, H. P. Marline, Jayne 11. Alerrill, P. W.
Nahl, Louis Neubel, J. H. AlcNutt, Dr. H. AI.
Pond, C. L. •■* Robinson, F. Rutner, ' William
Rvder, H. F.Sheldon, J. Sohlke, Carl Sohlke,
A. Schneider, C. M. Miller, A. P. Smiley, Fred
St. Sure, T. K. Stateler, J. H. Walker,*, H. K.
Jackson, H. O. Teimey, H. L. Zimmerman, 1.
E. Rosenberg, W. H. Ramsey, William Lewis.
Took Hi« Working: Tools.
. ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 15.— Deputy con
stables from Oakland carted off the tools
of Julius Tshich, a* locksmith on Park
street, last night under an attachment 01
$180. This amount represents a judgment
rendered against Tschich for alimony, doc
tors', and counsel lees in Justice Cliffs
court.; : T chich claims that the goods
levied upon were already attached, and he
was under f $400 bond; but the constables
took no notice of that. ' .
For United. Work.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 15.— The ladies
constituting the AUelphian Club metyes
terday to discu.s the practicability of unit
ing all of the women's" clubs of Alameda
into one like the Ebell or Century. Mrs.
Severance and Mrs. ! Smith, president and
vice-president, respectively, 'presented ■'
papers in favor of such a movement. -'■
- ■ — **' ' « — ;;■•
To Celebrate Funding* Defeat. .
OAKLAND, Cac, Jan. 15.— A .meeting
will beheld at the '.City Hall Saturday
night to discuss the recent defeat of the
funding bill, f- Several prominent citizens
will attend arid make speeches and resolu
tions will be offered^ commending the ac
tion of the California 'delegation in Con
gress. ' '• •' ' ■-'
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TO TELEPHONE
SUBSCRIBERS.
Believing that a knowledge of the man
ner in which switches or calls from one*
eubscriber to another are made by the
young lady operators of the company will
be interesting and of benefit to our sub
scribers,' we. give in this | article, in lan
guage as free from technicalities as such
description will admit, the means and
method by which all calls are made and
answered. * ' ;
We would, first like to say that no tele
phone system ; now exists or will . ever, be
devised which will be either automatic or
free from constantly recurring troubles.
A gas company, a water company or an
elecir c light comyany, after its system is
once installed, has but to pump- supplies
into the mains and its patrons tap off
such quantity as may be desired. Every
telephone subscriber, however, must have
an individual medium of supply in : the
shape of a separate pair of .wires running
from his residence or office on exposed
poles (where they must be protected from
the electric light currents and induction),
thence underground through frequently
miles oi streets^ to the , central or one of
the branch offices. Here they are equipped
.with a number of small devices, ail of
which are essential, and are then termi
nated at the 'switchboard within reach of
the operator. J
Remember further that all this mechan
ism, which is necessarily very line, is con
stantly in motion during the greater part
of the waking hours, and to a limited ex
ten:, all night. This continues 365 days
in 'he year, so it is apparent that ihe wear
and tear upon the lamer part of tne sys
tem, which is common to the use of all
subscribers, is very great, and in spite of
th. utmost care and unremitting atten
tion, interruptions in subscribers' circuits
will sometimes occur. . .'
The telephone statistics of the United
States, which have been carefully kept, in
dicate thai San Francisco has the most
rapid service of any large city, and the
service troubles are less. We make no
comparison with European cities, as but
few of them ma"ke any effort to give quick
connections, and the plants, as a rule, be
ing operated by various governments, lit
tle attention is. paid to complaints. ~7 V
. SWITCHING APPARATUS.
The switchboard, on . which the sub- .
scribers' lines terminate at the central and
branch offices, is a long upright structure
divided into sections of about three feet
wide, each section oeing the end of from
fitly to 150 subscribers, according as the
lines are frequently use 1 or otherwise.
Each pair of lines terminates in a small
shutter (the office of which is to fly up
and expose a number), a minute incan
descent lamp and an orifice into which a
plug can be inserted. ich section is also
provided with a large number of plugs
attached by flexible cords to pairs of wires
running to each section of every other i
switchboard in the City, whether in the
main or branch office. . V. ■
Two young ladies sit at each section
wearing a very light telephone at one ear
and having just in front of their faces a
suspended telephone transmitter, thus
leaving both hands free. •''.',
One of, the young ladies answers only
the signals of subscribers who call the
office, with whom she talks direct, and
the other connects to and rings up these
same subscribers when they are called for
by some one else. Each young lady at
tends strictly to her particular duty and
does not interfere with the work of her
associate. (.7 -7'.
METHOD OF SWITCHING.
A subscriber takes bis telephone from
the book and puts it to his ear. Instantly
the miniature lamp attached to his line on
the office switchboard lights and the little
shutter flies up, disclosing his number.
The young lady at once inserts a plug into
bis line and says "Number." Upon re
ceiving the same she immediately con
nects with tho operator having the sub
scriber called for, telling her the number
wanted, and the latter completes the con
nection and rings the subscriber.- bell. .
The act of ringing the subscriber's bell
always lights a small lamp, which con
tinues to burn until the telephone j called
for is taken off the nook; it then goes out.
When a subscriber terminates a tele
phone conversation and hangs' up his
'phone a red lamp lights in the office, and
the young lady pulls out the plug and the
switch is finished without the operator
hearing any of the conversation except
when she comes on the line to ask for the
number. . ; •:„-;
All of this is very simple, and if the
calls- were evenly distributed over the
working hours of the day, the young lady
operators would be happy in their calling
and our subscribers would commend our
service without stint, but unfortunately
at times a number of , subscribers, some
times five, sometimes ten, whose lines ter
minate in the same section will have oc
casion to call the office at precisely, the
same instant, and then it is the young
lady, unless she is very experinced and
cool headed, becomes agitated and con
fused, for she knows that the impatient
gentleman whom she answers last, al
though only thirty or forty seconds may
elapse, is apt to tind fault with the delay.
In order to meet this difficulty we have
what is called the overflow switch-board,
and if the calls in a section come in so
rapidly that it is impossible for the girl to
handle them, she simply plugs those' to
which she cannot attend into this over
flow through . lines provided for the pur
pose, and here they spread out among a
number of young ladies who sit all day
waiting for such splashes from the busi
ness waves. After, reading this a sub
scriber will be conscious that his cull is
overfl wed by faf slight delay in the in
quiry for the number and two or three
sharp clicks which 1 precede it. From the
overflow board the process is the same' as
irom the subscribers' sections j just ex
plained..
Now it is a face that ninety out of every
100 calls are received, connected up and
disconnected without any loss ot ; time
whatever; 'the other ten come to us in
times of rush and "are subject to a slight
delay. Furthermore, most of our opera
tors will get a little contused if the rush.es
are long continued, and perhaps make the
wrong connections, neglect the signal to
disconnect, or make an error fin the num
ber. If this occurs frequently wi;h the
same girl we have to dispense with her
services, and it is sometimes pitiful, for it
is usually those that try hardest and have
urgent need. of the positions who are most
troubled in this way. Our ; best operators
leave ? from ' lime . to time j and we have a
class of hew ones constantly in practice,
but a great many never acquire neediul
'coolness and self-reliance. •
. It occurs tons that many of our patrons
who may be required to wait for half a
minute will do so more patiently if they
fully understand -the.- cause thereof, and
realize that it is not inattention or neglect
on the part of the operator. It is to ac
complish such purpose that this article is
published.- ..-' ■". • ■ f. •."■•;'';.
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Co.
Scavengers May Boycott.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— There is t a
serious difference between. the scavengers
and the crematory people and the former
have threatened a boycott if they cannot
.get better terms * than exist at : present
i An agreement was 7 reached 0 to-day by
the 'scavengers under the 'terms of which
they will refuse .to collect from 1 houses ex
cent on. certain days. In this manner, in
stead of delivering an average .amount
each day. ; to the : crematory, they will de
liver large quantities at one time,*, which
cannot be handled, and '. as the J contract
with the city requires that all material be
burned within a certain number of hours
after delivery, the .scavengers hope by
this means to create trouble. . '..".
•t The Crematory Company gave notice to
day that it the plans of. the garbage men
are carried out the cpnipany is pre
pared to enter into the business of collect
ing at,' once and to assume control of the
whole system. . • ; ' = "vv','V '■:
NINE YEAES OP SUCCESS.
Celebrated by the Inlty Club Last
•'\ i ' Night With a Social.'. Vp • '.iV
• OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— Unity"
Club of the First Unitarian Church en
tered upon the tenth year of its existence
to-night with a. grand entertainment. The
songs, speeches and recitations were all
informal, and there wa- a lar„e attendance.
The club is. arranging for a carnival of
authors. One of the most interesting fea
tures will be a booth in one corner of the
hall representing the inn in Rip Van Win
kle, which will be the headquarters for the
characters from Washington Irving.
Conversed About Conversation.
OAKLAND, CaL, Jan. 15.— Mrs. Eliza
beth, btrjng Wortnington addressed the
Etoell Club last night on the subject of
"Conversation." The speaker,* who is a
famous club woman, is well known all
over the country, especially in t.e neigh
borhood of Chicago, as one who has pto
moted many enterprises for the Uplifting
oi the poorer classes of society.
In discussing herclassea in conversation
Mrs. Worthington said: "In arranging
my class in this conversation. work I had
in mind five.distinct ends: Fist, strength
ening the nemory; second, emiching the
language; third, cultivating style; fourth,
sharpening the wits; fifth, gaining facil
ity in expression."
The speaker look up each point separ
ately, and in a humorous, pleasant man
ner demonstrated tier ideas.
;.;, Death of R. H. Wise.
■ OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— H. Wise,
father of Clark and Elmer Wi-e, the piano
at d music dealers, vied this morning.
He had been ill for some years, but not
seriously until a few weeks ago. Mr. Wise
came to California in 1864. In 1882 he was-
Mayor of Buena Vista, Colo. He was
born in Kentucky fifty-eight years ago.
' At the Theaters.'
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. " 15.— Mme. Nor
dica will give one concert at the Macdon
ough next Wednesday night. There is
already a la/ge demand for seats.
On Sunday Afternoon Dr. de Forest, an
expospr of spiritualism, will .give one "lec
ture, with manifestations, at the Oakland.
/~~^%. Ar. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ife»*eslla*- 5 - < "- :KEABNYST -' Established
Wf'nfvScj * n ,Ss * for the treatment of Piivate
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fiiioKEABJiYST. Established
in ISH for the treatment of Piivate
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Bj^^?Ssv* disease wearingon bodyand mindand
■^^VSfC^tL'^M Skin Diseases. 'I'liedoctorctireswheu
others ' a, Try him. Charges low.
I^K_-SJSittfi<'nre*»Kuars»nl*«'*i'«l. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. »-'. uIBISUM. Sox 1957. San Franclsca
OCEAN TRAVEL. ■";
PACIFIC COASrjTEAMSHI? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY /J-t
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -»e__3C
For Mary Island, I.oring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit-
llsnco and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, '.4.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (He! lint-ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19, 'i&, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver, with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with ii.
N. liy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I'ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Jan. 4, 8, Vi, 16,
iO. 24, 28. and every fourth day thf-reafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (san l vis Obispo), enviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Huenerrle, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Jan. 2, 6, 10. 4, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fodrth
day thereafter.
. For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San. Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. .Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20,24,28, and every fourth
day thereafter. v? .v..* - - »*
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'Ihe 'Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket officer-Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents,
.'-"■• 10 Market st., San Francisca
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
,-7p,v;From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a.- m. '■.
J? A PT?/® l3 First-class 1 Including ' .
X! -iltl-lsfi Second-class /berth & moan
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
C01umbia.......... ..Jan. 3, 13, 3, Feb. 2
State of California..... .Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through baggage to' all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to .-: ■-.' ■
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Sn**eritLteudea_*..
fSJIP I_ AlR** S. s. AUSTRALIA for
InMniy. Honolulu oniv,
rfc**™"""'" Tuesday, Jennar .6,
3 — -- at •_ p. m. Special party
(Ji/ L* V rates.
The **• B. MONOWAI
t2)lCCIIlJlll{/ . sails via HONOLULU
/OfnßJlDlUan.i AUCKLAND for
VyilipUllCp ayDNEY. Thursday,
February 4, at 2 p m
Line to COOLGARDIB, Anst-.and CAPETOWN;
South Africa. *. • : ■ ■
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO. Agents, * .'
. 114 Montgomery streeb
Freight Office, 327 Market st, ban Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAISATLASTI (|I)_
French Line to Havre. ; V- ' .
COMPANY'- PIER(NEW),42 NORTH /h«.
Elver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by Wi*****?
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing tbe channel in a small
boat. -New Yoric to Alexa .dna. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $116.
LA 80URG0GNE....... .'...7. Jan. 23, 6a. m.
DA GASCOGNE. , ..Jan. 30. 9a. M.
LABKETAGNE : ....Feb. 6, 5 a.m.
LA NORMA.VDIE...... Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
LA BOURGOGNE....*. Feb. 20, 6 a. m.
tS~ For further particulars apply to
.7 .•;-- - . A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York. .
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisca .
STOCKTON STEAMERS-
Leave Pier No. 3, Washing-ton St.,
At G P." M. Daily. Freight received -up
to »::ift P. M.
tST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
the only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to - all points ou Valley
Railroad. - !'." H :
'■'.--. STEAMERS: /.'
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, . * City of Stockton.
lelephone Main 808. Cai. Nay. and lmpt. Co
FOR VALLEJO ASD U. S. SOT-YARD.
STEAMER "MONTICELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 -* m.
Saturdays ......»10:30 a^m.. 1 p. m.
Sundays..:. ■.-.:.•.. ........ .....'. ......8 p. m.
- ' - ■ Landing Misslon-stree: Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
•Trip elves 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS * BAITA CRUZ
QT_.AMER ALVISO LEAVE* PJEK . 1 MOV
O oay. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alviso
'1 uesday. Thursday. Snturdav, at 3p. m. Freieht
and Passenger. " - * re between San Francisco and
Alvlso, BOc-.. t0 San Jose, 75c Clay • «.. «_,,■ ? .
■M W. Santa Clara st., San Josa: "* r *" •
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ..
10-.TH PACIFIC COAST RAILRO-J
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
Bt«_- Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 18*9-,
WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and sun Rafael— •7t_B,*9tl&
11:00 a.m. »1:45, 3:45, *6: 16. *»J:45, 6:30 P.r*
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, - Wedns»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
-. SUNDAYS.'
For Mill Valley and Ssn Rafael-*8:00, "10:01
•11:30 a. M.; •l':S0, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». M.
Trains marked * run to san Quentln. "
THROUGH TRAINS*. ; --
For Po!_t Reyes and . way stations— a. »
Weekdays, 8 4)0 a. m. bundays, 1:46 S, __ satn*
days. ->,-.-■ ■■•■-. ..-..- . .;
" tmr Caaadero and wav stations— 7:l2s a. M. >Mi
fays; 1*45 r. m. haturdays. *
I|Js_)#S MANHOOD RESTOREDff
(J(^-<irJ timST *—*. S "•* n, *! ,,w T. M -IBIaV 9 WlßfcftJVitaiiz«r,theprescrin.
W <*? FT w9f -Swk fit: tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
\>Vs/iA /lv * ■•"■■/ Nl ? on3 or peases i of the generative organ., such as Lost Manhood.
T hSkaV ■Vi *4*& - Insomnia, Pains in theßack, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
I r^L A *»T £"? p , ««.. Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting* Drains. Varicocele and
->V / X "/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
- "■•>-' * X__*/ ,nes3 of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORL MB AFTER a'' the horrors of lmpotency. CVPI9EKE cleanses the liver.* thi
ci-runt tnunriLn kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities. . *
■fUPWF.SE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason suflTerer*. ore not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per c°nt are troubled wit* '"'
' ■ Proatslltin. DENE Is the only kno^i remedy to cure without an ration. SOOOtestlmonl!
r'.; als. • A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent curat
- §1.00 a box, six for by mail. Send for i-*R*tn circular and testimonials. * *
Address DAVOL _IK_)ICINJ_ CO.,' 1170 Market street, San Francisco, < al. or sale by
BKOOI--' PUAKMACY, lit) Powell .ireaa
— —^ — mm^m^mmm -^ — — —^_— I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
KOITHI'KN i'ACIMC COMPACT.
• (rACIKIC HVKTKM.I *
Trains lenv<* aetata nr*- •I"" -*» arrive at ,
KAN i'i:,ia»iw«:o.
leave — From. January 1, 1c97.l c 97. — A-tBTVI
" *6:o*a Nfles, San Jose and Way Stations.. . 8 :43 a
7:»()a Atlantic Express. Og'lcn and Matt.. »:l*3p
7:00.v. L6nicia, Yiua'.ille, Hums y. Sacra- •
mento. Oroxillo and Redding via .
Davis .*.' 6:45p
7:SOa Martinez, Sanßatnou, Vallejo, Napa,
atistoga and Santa Rosa.. 6:15*»
N::COa Niles, Sun .lose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red lllull ,i:l3p
•«:.*soa Peters and Milton ...*.... 9 »7:13p
9:Ot»A New Orleans Kxptesa. Raymond (for
... VufcC'iu), Prestio, liakerslield.
Santa llariiara, l.os Anu. •!>•*., Dem-.
.- in-,',' El l'aso, New Oilean3 and
. Fasti 4:43 p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:43p
9:00 a Va11tj0...... 6:15p
Kites, San Jose, Livermore and
i -Stockton.....: .- 7:13p
*l:00p Sacramsnto River Steamers.:. >U:OOp
1:00 Niles, San Jose and *l ivcrmr.re 8:45 a.
tl:3oi* Fort Costa and Way Stations i?:43p
*MM»i' Martinez, S.lll -Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, OaUstooa, I 'l Verano and
- Santa 1tc5iv. ..;...'.... 0:13 a
4:OOp Benicla, Vacaville, Woodland^ .
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
'. villu and Siici-ameii'ii 11:13 a
<_i3*»i' Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Marti a*z 1 1 :43a
StOOpLoe Angelas Kxpress. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles ...'.: 10:43*,
SiOOp Santa IV Route, Atlantic KxptCH
• forMoJfttS and East 10:43 a
6:0»p European Mai!, Ojjden and Kast.... 9:43 A
6:ooi> Hay« ir.'.rt, Nilt-auml San Jose 7:43 v
J7:oop Vallejo .*'. t7:4s**
.- 7:OOp Oregon I. ess, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Itcdding, Portland, I'uget
Sound ami Hast 11:15 A
ljl0:00p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, • Los
' A_<*e!cs, 111 , Pas 3, New Orleans
■ ' a-nlKast .........'. 518:45p
SA.M'A CHV'A M VIRION (Xarrow «inugo>.
-. H:in,\ Newark, Ceiitervilie.Naii.l.isc. Fel ton,
Boulder (.'reek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 9:30p
•2: 13p Newark. (.'enter-Mile, Han Jose, New .
; '/.: - ■}-. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, ' ,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations .."II :2»A
4:l*»i' Newark, San Joso and 1 .0.1 Cuius ... 9:30.v
fll:4'ip Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stat t7:i(*r
COAST HI VISION (lliird A Townst-wl Sin.)
0:4oa San Jose and Way Stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30p
■ 8:15 a San .lose. Ties I'inon, - Santa Cruz.
Paciric drove, Paso Ridilcs, San
Luis Oliispn, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal May Stations 7:O*op
10:40.v San .lose and Way Stations s:(>Op
llt Ma Palo Alto and Way Stations _:ao<»
< 2:3opSan Mateo, Menlo Park, f-ian Joso, •'■ .' ", ;
• Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm:,
Salinas,Monterey iindPacilicCrova # IO:40a
. "3::iOp San Jostj and Way Stations I>:4sa
*4:3ot'Sab Tosoa'nd Way Stations *N:osa
s:3oi> 8a ..7ose and Principal Way Stations •»:45a
0:30 San Joso mid Way Stations fi::i""»\.
|11:4.5 i' San Jose and Way Stations . t7*.45p
' NAN LKA.MIKO AM) llAtff LOCAL.
«»6:od_T" ( 7:13 a
8:0(»a 1 . '9:43 a
io.ooa Kelrose, Seminary Park, iillsx
"--oof ritchburs, San Leaadro j **f:^s|J
3:00p " 1 iaUl
4:00p . . . \ 5:15p
**** Hayvrards. «;J^
7:OOp «:4"*>P
»:00p ,_ ._ _. „„ 9:45t«
' <)•()<»!> i Runs through to Niles. 10:50p
ttll':lspj t From Niles. I ttia:QOp
CRE^K ROUTE FERRY.
From SAG FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip B)*—
•7:15 MX) "11:00 a.m.' U:00 *2:00 J3:00
•4:00 tf:00 "6:30 r.M.
from OAKLAND— Foot or Broad way *0:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:30 *1:00 12:00 *3:00 ti.'OO
*5:331.M. - . ■ ■ ■' ■ •-:-•:* :*■•"■
A for Morning. . P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. ' t Saturdays only.
} Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTua days and Saturday.-) § ' u-'d-.>M an > Th'i'-sdtyg.
SASFR.WCISCO& NORTH Pi.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
' San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00,' 11:00 a.m.: 13:3\
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:is
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS--) -.00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:3% 3:391
6:00, 6:20 p.m. • ■ .
San Kafael to San Franclaco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. *-
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. M. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:. 9:40, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park s -.ma
- schedule as above. . . .
.Leave TnpfTwt Arrive
San Francisca Oct 14. ' B*n8 * n trancls( - 0 *
Wekk * BOW- Destfnatlon StTX- W*kkk
Days. | days, destination. DAY^ | Da ys _
7:30 am 1 8 :W am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 aml Petaluma, j 6:10 pm ' 10:25 am
6:10 pm* 5:00 J'M I Santa Rosa. I 7:35 PM 6:22 PM.
Fulton, •
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25ak
Healdsbnrg,
1 ytton,
• Geygervillo,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 PM 6:22 pm
Pleta,
Hopland .'.-
-7:3 oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 PM ; 6:22pm
7 :30 am ■ - ~" 10:25 am
..' 8:00 am I Guerneville. 7:36 pm
8:30 PM j 0:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
I and •
6:10 pm ! s:oopm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 6:22
7:30 am 8.00 amj S(lh nnnl 110:40 am* 10 :2~ >AM
8:30 pm|s:Uo pm| seDasto l - ) *_:IQpic! 6:22 pM
Ptagcs connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for ■ Sknsrgs Springs: .at,
Cloverdale fOr the Geysers; at Fieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay* and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport . and Bartiett . Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,. Bock-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullviile, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
yohd San Rafael at half rates.
: Ticket Offices, 650 Marketst., Chronicle hntldlnj.
. XL G. WHITING, • R. X. RYAN,
* , Qen. Manager. Geo. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic i^^^^
r_ * _?* i<k!_*_~^'%^*_.
KAILKOAD (P^^^^3^^S^
Trains leave and arriva stE^^^pSKgl^faJ
Market-Street Ferry. -^J^^-ci^fM-^
SANTA FE~-iXPRESS.:^^^^
To Chicago via A. & P -**^S^^^^3
Leaves da ly a*. 5 :jO p. m., carrvlrre Fullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upnoistertd Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and 3*.
Louis.
li.is on Excursions, via . Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Ti esday. • * .
The best railway from California ie the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
I San Francisco Ticket Otlice,' 644 Market '
St.. Chronicle i'-uilding. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. Ii IS Broad way.
THE SM FRIMISCO AJO SAS JOAQCU
- VALLEY RAILWIY COffIPAH.
FROM JANUARY 7 1, 18*17, passenger, tralus
will run daily, excepting Sunday:
Southbound. • Stations. • Northbound
7:2 > a^ m. .....Stockton.... 5:40 P. m.
9:40 a. m Merced 3:1-1 * it
11:60 a M. ......Fresno 1:10 p. m..
. For intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C N. & I. Co.
leave San Fran, isco at 6 p. v. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 » K. dally, excepting
Sunday. ' -
IIIfTTpLPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacific
■ Coast Kallroad. -
WEKK DAYS— Leave & F. 9:1"5 a. M. I:4*. p. m.
- Returning— Arrive S. f. 3:25 p M. 6:'-'() p. m.
SUNDAYS— 1-^aveS.F. 8a M 11:30 a.M. 1:30 pm.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1 :15 p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:. p.m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or •••-."-
THO-. COUK & • OSS, Gil Market St., Si F.
. Mill Valley and Mount Tamaipais Scenic Hallway.
1112
HENNESSY LANDED
LITTLE BOB FIRST
•
The Chestnut Horse at Odds
of 50 to 1 Outfooted
Lovdal.
Formal Is Quits a Horse After
All, Beating Ferrier in
a Gallop.
Osric II A»ain Finished in Front of
Arrezzo — Ricina Gained a Close
D.clsicn.
One of the most popular of local horse
owners is Bob Davenport. Now Bob is
not just a Chang in stature, nor is he as
diminutive as one of the Rossow midgets
by long odds. Among his worldly poses
sions is a chestnut gelding called Little
Bob, presumably named after the gentle r
man just mentioned. Game as a bulldoz,
this chestnut horse when up on edge has
in the past furnished race-goers a surpri-e
when the game was dull and at a low ebb.
The first race at Oakland yesterday passed
off quietly and then came the second. It
was a mile and'a sixteenth selling affair,
for which Lovdal was an odds on choice.
Little Bob was a starter with Mike Hen
nessy up, and the ring laid 40 and 50 to 1
against him. In a desperate drive "the
Irishman" got the rank outsider over the
plate a heck before tne favorite, which was \
piloted by Charley Thorpe. The time, j
1:48^, marked a most creditable perform
ance.
On a prominent eminence overlooking
the track Bob Davenport, s.anding in a
statuesque position, nervously pulling on
a stubby mustache, viewed the finish. He
did not win a million dollars; neither did
he let his horse run unbacked. Doyle,
Monita and Foremost, prominently men
tioned for first place, brought up in the
ruck.
Opening at odds of 6 to 5 and then re
ceding to two**, Racina disposed of the
twelve other maiden three-year-olds that
lined up in the opening six-l'urJong dash.
Lead in throughout, the filly won in a
hard drive from Modestia, an 8 to 1
chance. The Stock Broker, equally as
well backed as the Winner, was a close
third. Ig_@ £Bf*-_P
Osric II and Arrezzo, meeting on nearly
equal terms, fought it out again in the
third event over seven and a half furlongs.
Seven to five was laid against either in the
beti ng. Bernardillo and the two other
starters were quite extensively backed.
The race simmered down to a stretch duel
between the brace of favorites. ' Thorpe's
football tactics were the most effective,
and, running Willie Martin on Arrezzo
nearly into the judges' stand, got the de
cision by a head in 1:85%. Bernardillo'
wa" third, but a heck away.
What a good time Midlo would avo
bad - beating Formal yesterday, sure
enough. Pat Dunne's horse started equal
favorite in- the betting on the mile das i
with F_rrier, and * won in a common gal
lop, stepping off the distance in 1:41%.
Ferrier was hard ridden to down Peter tue
Second a necK.
Old Tim Murphy looked to have fallen
into very easy company in the concluding
race on the card, a six-furlong sprint, and
although going over to the barrier a 3 to 5
chance, finished outside of the money.
Nelson, second choice in the betting, out
footed Roadrunner at the end, beating
that horse a halt, length. Flush Ban, a
500 to 1 shot, was third.
NOTES.
Favorites were successful on three dif
ferent occasion? yesterday.
"Chub" Russell, a California boy, who
made quite a reputation for his saddle
work in the West the past two seasons,
arrived here from Cincinnati yesterday.
Russell piloted the FleiscLman horses last
season. ]>
Abe Shields says He is glad to get back
to California once more and is confident
old Logan will be as big a public favorite
as eve:. Mr. Shields brought along sev
eral other useful bread-winners irom New
Orleans with him. £_S__
Ed Purser and his friends were all con
fident 1 that Modestia beat Racina out in
the opening race of the day, notwithstand
ing the fact that the Burns & Waterhouse
filly Racina was Miven the decision. There
was much snarling and gnashing of teeth
over the.result.
Golden, who had the mount on Moreno,
and Shultz, who piloted St. Apollo, were
both set down for indifferent riding.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Friday. January 1 5. Thirty-se-ond
V/ day of the winter meeting:. Weather fine. Track fast. ••.TTSfTriv-TUr*;. ■••
!}Q'? -FIRST Three-quarters of a mile: selling; maiden; three-year-olds; ; purse *3UO.
InO.
Horse, weight.
Sir.
Fin.
Jockey.
! Betting.
Op. 11.
344 j
344
844 i
344
287
3 8
375
375
103
844
876
368
Hacioa .'.102
'Mode. 97
, 1 be Siockßroker.lo4
M0ren0....... 107
Da i apo 108
Valdos 104
James Porteus....lo.-;
Play Boy 101
Ll ride. ale. 9.
Auquorn....- 97
(.'(Kern 107
v hi idah 10.
Flam beaue't- c... .10'-
- 1-
-3
4
11
10
3
9
8
6
7
2
l"
i IS
i
I
I
I .
I
I
I
1 1
81
4 1
»Vi
10b
2h
7-1*
31
11 V*
5Vi
61
12
13.
91*
5 iV
10 2
4 Vi
2 it
9Vi
33
in
7 1
« Vi
12
13
1 1
81-
-4 2
9h
112
3Vi
6h
2 n
12 1
6 2
7i/ 3
10 -
13
lh
2 2
3 2
4 Vi
62
6h
7 1:
81
9i*
10 10
12*
12
13
| Jones. ..........
i Clawson
j Thompson..:...
Golden... ...
•Hennessey......
Joe W«ber ..
T. JlcHugh
H. Mariln . ....
Mitchell
pe.icer..
C. Sloan..
11. Isom ........
Btinin same ....
6-5 . 9-5
6 6
' 3 '-. '■" -P 2
30 : 60
25;? ; 40
20 ;> 30
15 8
6 10
40 80
200 800
15 "lft
20 15
100 300
i
Good stare. ta on driving.
ne. 1:163/1.
Winner, Burns A aterhuu.se'.. b. i., by imp. Cyrus-imp. Fairy Rose.
V Cl '_» b-LLOND HACE^-One and a sixteenth mites; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse *4JO
sj.lei. ■
' Horse, age, weight. St.
Strl.
.V 4
%.
I 3 A i ?tr.
i 1 In. j
Jockeys.
Op.
365 !
1-.70 i
378 :
:-62 i
383
.82
I Little Bob, 6. .....106 7 7
lovdal.a ...109 4 4Vi :
Doyle, 5 106 5 2 b
Foremost, 5 106 1 51
Monita, a '..11l 2 IVi
rammer, a 106 6 64
St. A polio, a 11l I 3 3 2
7
56
1 li
2 2
31
8 1
1 1
6Vi
.-> h
5 2
I Vi
4.3
7 ■
2 1
56
2 b
41
i 1-
-33
66
7
4 2 lh
2Vi 2 1
5 3 1 8 9
1 1 Vi 4 8
i 3 li .1 2
i 6 20 650
17 7-
Hennessey...
Therpe.
Slaugnter .......
Martin
Doggett..... ..
tie 5...;: .........
- chiulz .....: ......
30
2-5
6
20 .
4
100
100
I
Good start.
Won driving.
Winner, W. Fisher's eh g . by Surinam-Daisy S. Time, I :4By_.
OQA THIRD RACE— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile; three-year-olds; purse $400.
Index. '<
(373)
373
386-
ST*
:.73
. Horse, weight. St. j Vi ]
Osric 11..'.-..". ..107 2. IV_
Arrezz;> I*B% 4 I oh
Bern ardlilo .-.MO 1 ].3 j 2 1
Tempestuous -.101 .1 | 4 i/ 2
In nun a tor. . .104 I 5(5 |
Ink
3 1
2h
4 2
5
1 h ,
31
2 V.
41
5 !
%
Str.
1 1 .
V.
2 1
31
6 '
Fin. •
1 li
2 IV-
-3 I^.
42"
5 -
j Thorpe ........
W. Martin
|H. Martin
Clau 0n..."
Slaughter......:
Jockey.
1 P-
-6-5
8-5
5
l.»
12
7-5
7-5
4
30
25
15
Good start. Won drlvlnr. Winner. Burns A Warerhou<e'< h. c. by Berr * 11-shssta. Time, I :3SVV
FOURTH RaCk— One mile; four-year-olJs and upward: purse $400.
Index.
379 I
371
370
372 |
I Formal, 4 109
i-erricr, a 24
Peter Second, 5. .114
ICabrillo, 5 .114
Horse, age, weight.
St.
o
4
8
1
23
3h
4
. 1 1
1/4
.-___ 1 %: '
2 IV. 21%
4 h 4
3 ii 3 h
11V. lV*
•2 3
?V.
4 .
lh
12
•2 b
3V.
4
W.Martin......;
Doggett .......
C0ady.'.......... 1
J0ne5.'..:.......
7-5
7-5
20
9-2
Good atari-
Won easily. Winner. P. Dunne's eh. a., by Cayuga-Prudery. Time. l:41s/_
_>Q'' FIFTH Three-quarters of a mile:. four-year-olds and up: purse $350.
371 •
383
381 j
380
376
37
369
293
381
tO
i Horse, age, weight. St. V 4
Nelson, a.... .....112 2 .........
Roadrunuer, a.. .112 8
F.tish Ban. a.... .107 8 ........
! Tim Mtirnhy, a. .109 1
Myron, 6.. 109 4
sooadin. 5... 109 6 .....•
li.Miian, a. ...... .109 9 ........
sir neglnald, a...109 7 ........
Came Cock, 5 112 5 ........
San Lucas, a 109 .10 ........
;____
lb*
4b
51
23
8 1
61
9%
3h
7 2
10 '.
(■■■■-■-.
I % , Str."
12 ~1 3
.3 1 3 V.
6 1. 4 2
2 2 2 l/ 3
41 8 3
6 1 .7 1-
-9 V.. 9 1
7$ 81
81 61
10 10
Fin.. Jockey..
1 1/2 Hennessey ....:
'2% Burlin ...".
.34 spencer...::....
■ 4 1 . Jones.
.5 3 Sneplierd
, 63 G01den...:.'.-..:.
7 4 H. 5mith........
810 G. Wilson .....
9 3 C. 510 an.........
0 ; 8r0ck............
3
8
200
2-5
75
60
«0
200
60
100
6-2
■■■:: 6
400
1-2
: 100
60
160
100
-.: 100
600
Perfect start. Won handily. Winner, W. Fisher . cb. h., by
.:35y_.
First race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles. .
340 Alvarado 105! 311 llermanita.... .lol
.... Nephew 102 387 Tuxedo ,89
379 Commission.... 89 (370)McUgbt....... .115
391 sea -pray 99 869 Meadow Lark. .lo4
387 Trix 99i 362 scimitar ......100
Second race, selling, eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
376 Tonino. 103 (391 I.Montgomery -113
376 AbiP 105; 382 Fly... ... 107
380 Favorv 110* 367 Pat Murphy. ...112
328 Wm. PinkertonllS 382 America 105
8-.0 Contrition: 105 371 La Ma.cotta....lol
369 Gold lug 112 391 Quicksilver.... l2o
.... Contribution 117 380 St. Aig00n ...... 103
384 California 115
Third race, twu-year-olas,tbree-e'l*hthsof a mile.
Ongna Nita, br. f., by I Celesta X, b. f., by
Hindoo- 105 Apache -Mamie
M»rry Rhodes, b. m., Wheatley ......105
by Frank Rhodes- Queen B azes. br. t ,
Cooty 105 byßlazes-Octicreedlos
Count of Flanders. Golden Horn tilly, b.
eh. c, by St. Carlo- f.. by Glen Echo-
Conmes* of Luna- Golden-Horn — 105
down.... :108 Sir William, cii. c . by
Flacon, eh. c, by fr*itzj_tnes-Ysabei..loß
Kavon I-or-Flavia.loß Duke of V rk 11, eh. ,
Twirikler.b.c, by im. ft.' by Duke of Sot- ■ : »
Brutu-.Nabe te... 108 folk-Carmen 108
Gunst. b. c. by For- Bcdecia, eh. f., *>/
rester-Arrongrass..loß SilverKing-BygonelOS
Fourth race, one mile, match race. .
372 Mt. McGregor. l 3H4 Buckwa 100
Filth race, one mile. San Pablo selling stake.
339 Estaca ..100f 371 51y...*........... 95
106 Alma.. 951 :<B6 Personno ......104
371 Scarf Pin 105 348 Bey del TlerraL.loo
(368)Ho\vard 8 11l I
Sixth race, one mi.c, purse. •
146 Lobengula 108 384 Preston.. 105
(365) H0w. rd 10J 377 Draught 92
390 1n31a11at0r.....105 .... Imp. Ivy 103
343 Argentii a 108 356 Earl iocbr_n..lo2
100 Wh. of FortunelOj]
Seventh race, one and a half miles, handicap,
nurd c.
385 JO C 1551 385 Haymarket.... 142
(. 85) Three F0rk5. ..165 385 F. eetw00d...... 140
365 Hello 146 356 Broad 8i110w... 12
--385 Autonomy 128| 366 Fi-Fi...; .......125
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First race— McLi^lit, Alvarado, Her
mann*.
Socond race— California, "William
Pinkertbn. '
Third race No selection!.
Fourth race Mt. McGregor 11.
Fifth race — Purser's Stable, Howard S,
Alma..
Sixth race— Wheel of Fortune, Pres
ton, Argentina.
Seventh race— No selections.
HOTEL ABRIVAIiS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I Manning. U S N J A Campbell & w, Bkly
3 D Watson, Nev G G O'Reill.*, Haywards
4 L Fisher, Alameda ' L Fay, Oakland
lo.h Gahn. San Jose J Anderson, Oklahoma
lohn Taylor, San Jose -J P Johnson, Phila
A' Wallace, Youngstown TF liiggins. Sta Barb
r R t'oodcharp, Boston A F Shultz. N V
IK liucihei', s.a Rosa P Grace, Spokane
i G Wood. Idaho F Stevens, Portland
> J Walsh. Cukugo . J C Kendall, Detroit '
IV J Elevens, Denver <« E Kul-ht, Denver
IV A Thompson, Mont R Windmarsh &w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Li A Le?g. San Jose S Johnson <_ w, San Jose
£ E Burns, San Jose J A Parsons. Belvedere
<-, A Kennedy.. San Jose J W* D Powers, Oakland
V A Sterbem, Wash ' J P Burns, Boston
Miss .*. Butler, S V MIA 0 AicC*nn, N V
i Besneft *.v, NY C E McKenna, San Jose
r Mitchell <fc \v. NY E Clayton & w. Phila
r A Libbv Aw, S V ' AY is Andrew, Salt Lake
I D Wilson. Portland Ml«s Mc Reiser, Salt Lake
£ R Cowles, NY J F Cameroon <& w, Ohi*>
iV i> Watson. S«n Jose Richmond-: w.Alvrdo
\ ac Land. N V R Crees. B H -sprii gs
V Fitch Jr, Stockton B C Kenyon, Loj Angeles
PALACE HOT, L.
B U S'.einman. Sacto Hugh McDowell, NY
IV <; ".icl'tierson. Portlnd PA ±al kin burgh, Or
Vli.-s ~wayne, Colo . W X nyon, Galveston
Mrs J W Pro.ssir, Denver CO Bannist«r, salt Laice
I T English, conn Dr J Goodwin Jr, Conn
VV J Li..ds_.--.w, Brandon J C Placid ers, Portland
: Hewes, tamord J f Bo»d. San Battel •
IV B Sanborn. Fruitvale Phil Gibson. Montana
I" 0 Berry, Grass Valley a Haslacuer, Statnord
ram-s Burt, London J* Jones, Prescott
I F Farrabtr, Yreta H J Wwsson, Wellington
I A Maih-M^on, Wash T P Kempson <fe w, Kng
Mrs J s Klocher, Wash .>. me Trebelie : Englanu
MLme Vaudour, i.ngland Mr Vort, England
. - GRAND HOTEL.
VV F Knox, Sacramento H L Smith, ilanford
f. W Un dwin, Sacio L Green, Pt-taluma
F. A Nicolona, Sacio F J Rlchstaller, Sacto
I i.land & w. Cal E Hawseu, Oakland
I «' Leopold. Sacto F R Meyer, Oakland
X J l.ori*., Portland R _ Van Goruen. Portlnd
I A 1 ruwu. bucto C L I ierce, Oaitiand
II Burnar, London KS Van Kurau. Portland
1) 11 Bair & w, Sacto J Lewis & w, Renp
X T Hea:h, i »1 <_ \V Cha.fant, Pittsburg
V 11 «. nalfatit, Pittsburg Miss C Hawes. Pitisburj
U V Earl , sonoma. TK -.rski'ne, Sonoma
JTRroWn. Randsburg W L Meredith, Seattle
P J Brady, Sea'.t.e J F C.app, Chicago
W E Sellld**, Chicago . T A Dyer, New York
U P I ow, Cil W T Cope, Santa Cruz
C « Pierce, Fresno F Wright, Sau Diego
X C Ware, san Antonio B fr' are, San Antonio
I W Gibson Sweetwater G Bar.-it, El 1 aso
I W Trahern. Stockton R S Brjwn, alums
I \V Davis, Tulare • 1, M Lowe 1, Martinez
VV Fo. litis, sau Jose C W lendelton. Loi Ang
r shai.anan, Anderson -J B Hey Birds Landing
_ J PinKbam, V. caviile W W Oates. Stockton
■_. \V Jones, Co.usa
How He Lost It.
In the days when 18 Royal street was
one of the most notable gambling- houses
in the country, said an old-timer in the
rotunda of the St. Charles to a New Or
leans Times- Democrat reporter, a fel
low who had lost his right arm in a
frawmiJl two years before was playing
faro in such luck that he had nearly all
the white and red checks out of the rack,
besides having better than half a stack of
blues. Two countrymen were watching
his pay in open-mouthed admiration,
when one made the remark: .' "«*c'
"That's a smart man; I wonder how he
lost his rieht arm?" . i" •' •
"Perhaps it was in the war/
• "I wonder how it was."
"Don't you know bow he lost his right
aim?" said an old gambler who had been
losing and Was in bad humor.
"No."
"Would.you like to?"
"Yes."
"He lost it on the five of tbe deal before
the iast."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
NEW YEAR'S GIFT
TO COMPANY A
League of the Cross Cadets
Presented With Fine •
Clubrooms.
The Crack Corp3 Finds Itself
in Elegantly Furnished
Quarters.
But the Name of the. G nerous Donor
Has Been X pt Secret— Renewal
• of Pledges.
Somebody of remarkable modesty Has
done a handsome thing toward the League
of the Cross Cadets of St. Mary's Cathe
dral parish, but who he is not a boy in
Company A of the cadet corps can learn,
despite all Kind of maneuvering to hnd
his name.
All that the cadets know, and they have
become satisfied with this rather limited
knowledge, is an admirer of the league
presented them with an elegantly
equipped clubhouse and kept himself in
the background.
Company A is made up of Catholic
boys who live in that part of the Western
Addition included in the cathedral parish
and are looked upon by their comrades as
being the representatives of the wealthy
and most prominent families having sons
in the vigorous temperance organization.
Whatever goes on in Company A is soon
Communicated to the other companies of
cadets in San Francisco, and of course the
present of a comfortable clubhouse is now
furnishing talk for members of the League'
of the Cross in all parts of the City. And
the news has spread * among the , boys'
families, with the result that guessing is
mixed with curiosity as to the ide ntity of
the generous donor. --'f-
The clubrooms which the cathedral boys
found ready for them Bt a . moment's
notice are located at 331 Golden Gate
avenue — a central location just a block
from the City Ha„ and within a minute's
walk of all parts 01 the parish. The rooms
comprise a cardroom, or rather an amuse
ment-room, pool and billiard room,
library, parlors, office and a gymnasium.
The apartment that appeals to those
cadets with a leaning toward athletic ex
ercises was not fully furnished, but as the
needs of the cadets appear new app'iances
will be added, and so in time the gym
nasium will he quire complete. The other
apartments are handsomely furnished and
carpeted in good taste; in fact, everything
tnat boys- could want for their comfort
and delight has been provided, even to a
sdpply of current literature and a stock of
good books in the library.
The clubrooms were given Company A
# as a New Year's gift, and. a very accept
able one it proved to be; Every evening
sees a gathering of the cadets there, and
they spend the time in amusements that
have a beneficial effect upon character.
As soon as a programme can be arranged
there will be a series of entertainments
calculated to elevate the intellectual and
moral standard, with other events to
matte the club life attractive. The com
pany is in charge of Captain Frank 8.
Drady, First Lieutenant William C. Hop
per and Second Lieutenant Robert G.
Drady. In all there are about 100 cadets
in the company, which was organized in
1894 as the pioneer uniformed corps oi the
Leaeue of the Cross. The Rev. Peter C.
Yorke is the sp ritual director. .-
A movement has been started to have
the other companies unite in the armory
on MarKet street, near Tenth, formerly
occupied by the First N. G. C. Regiment.
Last week the board of officers of (he
league moved into the armory building,
I followed by Company H. If enough com-
I panics take quarters thei.e it is o.lieved
I that the building will be made the City
headquarters of the league generally, as it
now is nominally owing to the occupancy
by the board of officers.
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, Major William
McCarthy and T. R. Curtis have been ap
pointed a committee on renewal of
pledges, to make arrangements for a mass
meeting of the League of the Cross in St.
Mary's Cathedral on the. last Sunday in
February, which immediately precedes
the Lenten season. The officers expect, to
have all the boys from Oakland and San
Francisco in line on this occasion, and
the cadet regiment will be out in full force
under command of Colonel Suiifvan. The
services will be of a religious character,
and his Grace Archbishop Riordan will
deliver an address to the boys and preside
at the administration of pledges. All
members of the league will there and then
make a solemn renewal of their promises
to abstain from liquor. .
EEAL ESTATE TEAKS ACTIONS
Eliza Welsmnnn to Frank Happersberger, lot on
W. line of Guerrero street, 10. :6 S 01 Columbia
(> umberland). W 105 b- s 50. $10.
Wi Ham and Jennie Heihing to Christian Vf.
WHO, lot on 1; lii.c of York street, 222:6 N of
Twenty-second, N 25 by E 100; $.0.
Patrick O'Brien to John and Annie Algren. lot
on X line of Hani.-on street, 104 a of Twenty
third, b 26 b-/ E 100: $10.
Pauline C. Beliisle (and as executrix of the estate'
of Francis N. . eilisle). Amelia E." and Fr drlrk
Armstrong. Florine, Henrietta and Augustus Beil-
Isle (by c. E. Hatch, comm ssloner) .0 Adam
:-enmann. lot on W line of Bryant street, IH2 s
Of Tweuty-lourth, S 5. by W 100 (64,118); $3220.
* Pauline C. Beliisle to same same; $10.
Amanous a id Aurora Demandowski (by Thomas
E. Ryan, commissioner) to Guardian Loan 'Asso
ciation, lot on E line of Sanchez street, 53 S of
Clipper, s '.5 by E 80. $24 jO.
:.--' 'Ernest P. Jacobson to. Paul and* Helena J. Rle
(11. lot on N ' line of Elizabeth ' street,- *50 W. of
Douglas**. W 25 by N 114, lot 112, neyman
Tract: $10.
Domingo, Joseph and louts Ghlrardelll, Elvira
siU'.orr and Angela. Jorgeusen to D. Ghlrar.ielli
Company, lot on S line of .kick son street, -6"i:6 W
of sansome, W 29:2 hv si 1 37:6; . also lot 011 s line
of Jackson street. 91:8 W of . Sansome, W 45:10
br b 137:8; also lot on W line of Sansome str. et,
67:6 Sof Jackson, * > 45, W 50. s 25, W 12:6 N
70. E 62 :6: also lot on NW corner of Larkin and
Noith Point streets, W to" Polk, A to Beacu, _. to
Larkln S to begin ing; $10.
Elizabeth McPherson to William H. McPh^rson,
loi on S line of . llbert street, 27:6 Eof Kearny. E
27 by 8 82:6: $10.
Edward and Mary McTiernan to Ann Flynn, lot
on- W line of Clinton street, 126 N of Brannan
NW2sby SW 80.* $10. s
Samuel DavW to Catherine at. Dillon, lot on W
line of Rhode Itland ; siren, 100 N" of Nevada, N"
25 by W 10U-, $10. y •
Thomas R. and Sarah F. Edwards to Ed Cox. lot
on W line of Eleventh avenue, 17 j Nof J street.
N2sby W 120: «10. - ■ . : ' ...
Maria E. Martin to C. Julius Martin, lot on N
line of L street, 107:6 W of Forty-fourth avenue.
W 60 by N 100: $10.
; J.HCob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heymon, at
torney) to Marj Detent Ing, lot on W line of Eich
teenth avenue, 125 S of. P street, S2sby W 120:
$10. • - -■:■■;- ■ ••.-'":,• "-• .'.'.";.••-". -.'.
. E. E. Caiwell to Thomas and' Mary Lister, lot
on SE corner of Brazil avenue and London street,
H 60 by E 100. being a poition of block 12. Excel
sior Homestead; $10. y '
• Jda and Theodore Wagner to Louis F. Duband,
lot on E line of south avenue. 50 M of Richland
avenue, E 100, N 61, W 10 South avenue, s to be
ginning, being lots 66 and 57, block 7, Holly Park:
$5. etc. ,'; -.:::■■-:■:•■• . ■■% --,*■-.
Thomas J. Alverson to Henry M. Owens, lot on
SK line of Arlington street, 313 bW of Roanoke,
SW 26, SE'UO. NE25:3, NW.114, being lO.SB,
map of Jones Addition to Fairmount Tract; $150.
John C. Jens to a uguste M. W.Jens, all prop
erty real and perron a] ; $10. - •.*•.-
.' ALAMEDA COUNTY. ■*'.
Ernest E. Brangs to Emily B. Brangs, undivided
half interest in lot on N. line of Twelfth street,
173:3 W of Magnolia, W 40 by N 118:6, block
676, Oakland; $10.7 ,•'--...,.-.
Minerva J. Sweeney to Mary E. Wilkinson, re
record of 488, deed 270. MV corner of McKee and
Occidental streets. W lOOby'S 135, being lots 7
ai d 8, block P, Paradise Park, Oakland Town
ship: $10. i .■'■:. ;«-•■'; T-r-: : .-, -71,..-.,*;. «... ... .--;. -. .. 7
Theodore and Ida Wagner to R. Q. and Harriet
Meyer, lot on E line of -Pine street, 60 N of
Eunice, E 134:6 by, N 22, Oakland Township:
$220. '.'.-.. ..-. ■■ .- ."."..-■:•-. '. l-.-: ; . -:.*,. -w '..-'*■,
William C. Patterson : to ; Isaac N. Neely, lot on
S line of Carrison street. 258:4 Eof San Pablo
avenue, E 33:4, S 126.895, W 33:4, N 126.13 to
beginning, beinir portion of 'ots 9 and 10, block D,
Garrison Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Walter D. Littleton to Mary M. Littleton, lot on
N line of Buena Vista avenue, 11-0 E of Wcod
street, EsUoy>N 150 being lots 6 and 6, block
5, l bapi Tract, Aln med..; $10 -and pif:. • '.
. Mary R. Mastick to J. M. Selfrldge, lot on S line
of fruena Vista avenue, 200 W of Walnut street,
W 100 by S 150:'-', being lots 14 and -6, block 26,
lands adjacent to Encinal, subject to mortgage for
SIVOO, Alamida: $10.
David symme* to Myra Knox, lot on N* corner
of Goldman avenue and Tobler street, NE 124.14
by NW 126, being lots 43, 42, 41 and SW 414 feet
Oi lot 40 fr'ruitvale Park Tract: also lot on SE line
of Redwood avenue. 139.37 Nfc. of Tobler street,
NE 45.-3 by hE 125. b"i"g lot 26 and SW 460
feet of lot 27, and Nfr" 1063 feet of lot 27, Fruit
vale Park 'tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
* Same t-> B. E. V;inesbanks and C. E. Ostrander.
lot on SE line of Coleman avenue. 341.26 SW of
old county road No. 708. or I'rescott street, KW.
256.30, HE 103. Nls 267.34, NW 128.C9 to begin
ning, being lots 71 to 78 and the SW 1.70 feet of
lot 79 and NE 14.60 feet of lot 70, Frui'vale Park
Trace, Brooklyn '1 ownshlp; $10.
Enward IV and Rowena weald to Cbristena Van
Demark, lot .on SW lljie of East Twenty-third
street. 165.35 NW of 'j wei-.iy-.hlrJ avenue. NW
35 by SW 110, being* lot 1 and portion of lot 2,
mock B, subdivision -of Heald Twenty-thlrd-ave
uue Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders'. Contracts.
William H. K. Peters with Jqhn F. Mlllerlck, to
erect a two-story frame building on sE-Hne of
Mission street, 385 N of Virginia avenue, $1950;
H. D. Mitchell, architect '. -
Paulina Brunjes to T. F. Doyle, alterations and
additions to fame bal ding a; 1411 Folfiom street,
$•435: Joan Frasier, aichltect. . ' . ' • ■
XAXUSI St-l-M-lNii lNT*ili_J.«*JS3l«*>l6i
Arrived.
THURSDAY. January 15.
Nor stmr Eva, Hansen. 6 days from Nanaimo;
3965 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Elsie, Carrie, 10 days trom Port Townsend;
ballast, to master.
Bark Highland Light, Lewis, 8 days from Se
attle; 1900 tons coal io Oregon Imp Co. :; '- '_•-■•.
led.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, Point Arena.
Domestic Ports.
ASTORIA Arrived Jan 15-bcbr Albion, from
Nehalera River.
KOKT HRAUG-Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Albion.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco C-XXr
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£89 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock. . .
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. !>:
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
nntil 9 o'clock. *• '
2618 Mission. street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. ODen until 9:30 o'clock*
CHUKCH NOTICES..* .
«t-S» HOWARD"pREvGBYTERIArrCHUR^
E**-*' cor. Oak ana Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farraua,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. it.
Morning theme, "The World lor Christ " Evening
theme, "What Musi IDo to Be Say.d?" sabbath
school at 9:30 a. 11. Y. P. s. C. K. at 6:45 p. M.
Pra7er-meetlng Wednesday evening. All cordially
invited. " ']TiEISj||JHM-))!iMj!l_BaOffiilM
n^~S= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
" -=' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento su— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. rastor: Rev. Edwin H.
Jeuks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. it. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:. H1 p. it.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. %c: Y. P. S. C. E. at 6: 1 5
p. m. meeting Wednesday at Bp. M. All
are welcome. ■?^? I HPS»&ft_EKS(*S3SS
J£-^g-» FIRST UNITED PRI-.SRYTERIAN
***** Church. Goldert Gate aye., cor. of Polk at.
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.V.. pastor, services at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Young people's services at
6:30 p. m. The pastor will preach a' each service.
Subject tor evening, "The oreatest Thing in the J
World." Cordial Invitation to all-
R*^g*P SIMPSON MEMORIAL, METHODIST j
***** Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan ,
sts.— Bev. John. Stephens, pastor; re-id.-nee, 309 i
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m, and 7:3 jp. if. i
ihe pastor will preach at both services. Subject '.
at 11 a. m; "shall We Have a Creed?" At
7:30 p. m , 'The Noblest Aims of Life."
special reviv. '{'meetings California-street Church
this week. Sunday-school at 12:30 P. it.. C.
B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth League
serv;ce at 6:30 p. if. The public cordially Invited i
to all the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers in attendance. Frayer-meeiing Wednesday-
evening at 7 :46 o'clock.
JP-TS** HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPlS-
***** copal Church, bet. Second and Third streets,
two blocks from Palace* Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case,
D.D.. pastor: Martin schulz. musical director;
J. W. Whiting, snnrlay-schcol superintendent.
Hours of public service.. 11 a. m. and. 7:3o P m.
Sunday at 12:30. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening, -7:45.- Epworth League, 6:30
Sunday evening. Morning sermon by Rev. W. i-..
Shepard, evangelist- Evening sermon by Rev.
1.. >. Marshall, evangelist. This series of meetings
will close to-morrow, nighu Pastor's residence, 140
Hawthorne a reel, near the church. Telephone
Red 961. Churcn tel p.ione, i.luck 961. -
|H_^=> CENTRAL .-.IETH' Dl T EPISCOPAL
l***y Churcn, Mission st., b*t. S xth ana Sev-
enth—Rev. E. R. Diiie, D.D, pastor; K. V. Watt,
Sunday-school superintendent; J. J. Morris, musi-
cal director: H. M. Bosworth, oraanist. The
pastor will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 v. M. Morn- I
ing subject, "Th*s Mission of the Church"; even- I
Ing, "Building Hod's House" sunday-^choo. at
1 p. m. ■ Yourtg People's meetings at 6:15 p. m.
Sea s free:. everybody welcome.
H^S= TRINITY M F. CHURCH. CORNER
l**& . Sixteenth and Market I sis. — Key. F. F. j
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock: j
evening 7:30. Sunday- sc 32:30 p.m.: John !
Dyar. su. crintendenu Th» pi stor will preach'
morn ng and evening. Morn n; subject, -'The !
Cliv Captured; " evening, "Tangled Family Mat-
ters." All are cordially, invited to attend. ' Seats
free. Pastor's residence, 5631 Sixteenth st.
Jfr*S=» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
***** THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United Slates or Canada one year for $1 50,
Hostage free. q
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
BTS?-* "MISS IO LODGE NO. 1 69. A
t£*** and A. M.-Called meeting THIS JSk,
(SATURDAY) EVENING, at ? "tf jf
0 clock. Third degree. By order of the W. /Vr\
M. CD. BUNKER. Secretary.
tK_BF» EXCELSIOR LODGi*. NO. 166. A
***** F. and A M. —.Special meeting J_.
SUNDAY. Jan. 17, al 1130 o'clock P v ,"«__»
for ihe purpose of conducting the funeial/xr>
services of our deceased, brother, M. B. MORA-
GHAN. sojourning brethren and iriends are in-
vited. By order of the W. M. .
-"'.".' THEf:. E. SMITH, Secretary. 7
jKS=" DUTCH A.INI.SG AM) MI.LI.sG
l*^** Company— The rj-ular annual meeting of
the stocKholders*of the Dutch Mining and Ml. .ing
Company will beheld at the offi' c of the com-
pany, rooms 67 nna 68, Stevenson building, south-
west . orner California arid Mont-ornery streets,-
San Francisco, Ca.. , on MONDAY, trie 18th day
of January, 1897, at 2 o'clock p. If , for the j ur-
pOM- of electing a ooard of director <> to serve for
the t-iisuin c year and for tbe transaction of such
other buslnet-s as may no brought cefore.tbe
m.-ettng. Trans'er books close Thursday. Janu-
ary 14, 1_97, at 4 o'clock p. m.-
-rg _ - - G. TRITTKNBACH. President. ;. *
L Aiij Georhr W. Oerhard, Secretary.
Fan Fran< Isco, January 7, 18.-*7. 7 . .
tt^S=* ANNUA 1 MEETING-THE REGULAR^
s*^** annual meetii'g of the stockholders of the
f'ceinic Steamship Company will be he.d at the
office of the- 'ompan---. 327 Market street, San
Francisco, 1 Cal., on THURSDA X, the 21st day of
January. 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. M. fir '
the purpose of el cling aboard of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and th« transaction of
»uch other badness as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books.wlll close on > Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'clock M.
- ' ■. ' •"' " •'* E. A. SHELDON. f-'ecretary. 7'
■ /CHEAPEST ANITBEST IN AMERICA— THE
V WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free
7'7.-y* ; ' M'ecial ''NOTICES.'
_£5S' : THEY SELL ALL DRY GOODS, YARN,
ta**r table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, , laces, buttons,
lini gs, threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very
cheap at the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth su-
ffi-^gp SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
tk*sr The orphans and hair-orphans tnat were re-
ceived. into st. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
"Asylum fince July 1. 1896. to January 1,1897,
areas following: Orphans, females— Klla Andrew,
age 4 years; Teresa Melissa, age 9 years; Nellie
Allen, age , 8 years; Echo- Allen. -age 6 years;.
Phoebe Allen,' age 2 years -5: months: Marie st,
Clair, age 1 hour.. Half orphans, . lemaies— Mamie
O'Farreil, nge 7 yeais*.. Henrietta O'Farrell, age 3
y.a:s: Nei ie arrell, age 6 years': Katie Dillon,
age 12. years; Irene Cambeil age ; 6 years :1 1
months:. Nellie Stocking,: age 10 years; Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: M Hie Crowley. age 10
years; v May c rowiey, : age 2 years: Ethel Crow-
ley, age I year; Rena Matti, ag- 9 years. males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 yeais; Charlie Hopper, age 5 *
years: Frank Kane, age 4 years: Eddie Burn, age
8 years; 1,01113 Bur.;, age 6 years; Dante Matti,
age 7 years*. Robert t Matlt, , age 4 years: Frank
-Matti,. age 2 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
1 year 6 months. ■'-.
IK^* ABANDONED- CHILDREN IN 7 ST.
***** Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, from July-
1. 1895. *to Dec. 31, '-' 1896: John ■■< Dyer, ace ■ 6
years: Loretia Dyer, age 3 years; ' Milton - Dyer,'
age 2 years; Francis Madden, age 6 years; Mag-
gie Fitzgerald, age 6 years: Harry Wahi, age 5
years; Barney Joselyn, a.c 8 years. ..■-:■':.- . .y-t.,"
KS*IAhIA OPIUM CURE FOR $25*. PER-
**-*^ fectly harmless; ladles treated at home. B.
P. KIMMIS, 916 Market su. Columbian Building.
fc_j»» 'BAD TENANT-, -.JECTED loK *4:
***** rollections mads, city* or country. Paciflo
Collection Ca. 415 Montcy fit., room 6. :". Tel. 6580.
•'". A W'Ej-K NEWS FOR" 3 CENTS—
-V .WEEKLY, CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
IJIVI»KN_> NOTICE!*. ; ;':.
0-^= DIVIDEND : NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
or*** 39 (twenty-five cents per" snare) . of .the
HUTCHINSON ; SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the office of the Company,';
327 Slarket street, on aud ' alter Friday; January
22, 1817. -yy' -yy." '-'7'7-y '. . ■•-■■■
Transfer books.wlll close Saturday, January 16,
1897. at 12 o'clock m. i'- ■■-..-
-..-■: 7 li H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS V. *'EMAI.E.t7
pOOD GIRLS DESIRE PLACES TO DO
VTi general housework, second work, • waiting,
etc.; also French cook and assist in housework.
MRS. DADAMI, 313 Sutter St. V^.W^'
tTTdow THREE-YEAR-OLD CHILD
'» desires position In family of • means as house-
keeper or seamstress: .no objection to country;
good home main obi ct. M-, box 114. Call Office.
1 ADY WITH GIRL OF 13 YEARS WANTS
lx position to cook for men in city or couniry.
no tnflers. ■>- Call Saturday or Sunday after 10 at
1022 Mission st., In basement-
OREFINED GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS, ONE
as nurse. $12; the other upstairs girl or care of
children. $1:0: good references. Address 3>40
Twenty-fifth st. .- ■■■"-■'.'.' '■ : * • ■
HOME .WANTED BY YOUNG LADY. IN EX-
• hang- for use of piano, instruction, compan-
loi.snip or light housework in morning. 8., box i,
Call Office.
Taste widow OF experience
V would like flrst-ciass place as housekeeper for
lodgiug-hoase, widower or "bachelor. Room "9, 47J
Stevenson st.; corner Sixth, afier 12. y
YOUNG GIRL WANTS sITU vTION T;» DO-
-1 general housework or upstairs work ■ 6 Enter-
prise, bet- Sixteenth and -eventeenth.off rolom.
YOUNG WIDOW WOUL.< LIKE To DO GEN-
I tlemen's plain mending at home. 106 Fourth
St., room 2. ..-...'.-- ■'. '" ; - - ' ■'■'.
SCANDINAVIAN GI"L WANTS SITUATION
Oat general housework; el y or country ; wages
8-0. 1239 Mission st- . .. .
HAMBEr.MAID AND WAITRESS DE-
\J sires a pos Hon; has best of city reierences.
Address 625 Gough st. ' ' ■ . .
DEFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
XX. place as housekeeper; reference given. M.,
box 72. Call ' flice. : ■ '
(1 IRL WOULD LIKE FEW HOURS' WORK
T every day at light housework. A. 8., box 73,
Call Office. ■■*.>■ '
YOUNG LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
J- me .ts desires a place as housekeeper in a
wluower's or bachelor's home. Room 'i, 223 Post.
OUNG WIDOW WISHES HOUSEKEEPER'S
position In the country. Call at 202% Stock-
ton St., room. . ■
Position, wanted by educated and
refined lady" of 37, with best of reference, as
housekeeper or seamstress; is handy at any kind
of work. 8., nox 31, Ca . Office. *
WANTED-SITUAT ON BY AN EXPERT
en eed lady's nune In confinements, or any
other c. ses oi sickness, by/ the week or month;
best of references. 1.., box 64, Call Office.
EFINED ENGLISH WIDOW. SUNNY NA-
ture: experienced. housekeeper, good cook: for
widower; country preferred ; no irlflers. 17 Sixth
St.. room 10; 10 a. m. to 9p. m. .
ANTED— BY A YOUNG LADY POSITION
to work in bakery; has had experience. Ad-
dress L., box 77, Call Office.
ITUATION DESIRED AS STENOGRAPHER
and typewriter or office assistant; references;
wages moderate.- Miss 8.. 3 South Broderick st.
OUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION IN
private famll.* foil stcond 'work and care of
chlldr n good seamstress. . 216 Waller st.
Y\~ ANTED-BY PROTECTANT WOMAN. A
'» si uailon to do general housework: Is a good
cook and laundress. A. 8., box 77, Call Office.
CIOMPETKNI WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
las working housekeeper: first-class cook ; city
references. Call 120 Sixth st.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCLM-
X\ bered, desir. s place at working housekeeper.
122 Post st., room 2.
AY* ANTED— BY A GERMAN WOMAN, WASH-
» » Ing by the day or housecleaning. Apply at
474 Jessie st.. bet. Fif.h and sixth. y
OMAN TOGO OUT BY THE DAY WASH-
II log or housec'eanlog. Call 829 Hayes St., near
Fillmore, in basem nt. .y--':"
WEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day to do washing, Ironing or Lousecleauiug.
Address S. H.. box 34, Call Office. .
ITUATION WA TED BY .REFINED AND
competent young lady an nurse to small-child;
has had much exper. ence in care and management
of children, and can furnish unexceptional refer-
ences rrom prominent phvslclan: wages, $20 to
$25. Call or address 903 2 Valencia st:
~\\r ANTED— BY ELDERLY COLORED LADY,
tr position as coo* in small family or nurse;
small wages. Call or send 34 Eighth st., npstalrs,
from 9 to 7. . .. • .
WEDE GIRL NOT AIRAID OF WORK
O wants a pl-.ee as cook, laundress or chamber-
maid in hotel. IOI).' ay st
\A, r ANTED-A SITUATION IN. HOTEL OR
'» boarding-bouse is- chambermaid. .Amend,
867Mi.-slonst.
YOUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
-1 tion as housekeeper. : Call or address 112 Tay-
lor St., room i 4. .-*—*.
ELIABLE WOMAN WI-HEB DRESSMAK-
iiiI- or plain sewing by the day. 2i;*4 l / a Eddy
St., second door.
YOUNG GERMAN' WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
JL tion as wbrkiug housekeeper. 106 Fourth
St., room 2.
/"•ERMAN LADY." REFINED, ALSO A GOOD
VT seamstress, wishes to lake care of Invalid lady
or go out sewing by tbe day. Address F.. box 73."
Cull Office. . ■
YOUNG WOMAN, THOROUGHLY UNDER-
-1 stands children's sewing, »iihes to go out by
the day or will take sewing home. Call at 772*/ a
Harrison st.
LaDY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
ing and mending at home. 131 Taylor st., rm.2.
U, r ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
'« by a e-a.;ed lady In widower's, family;
city oriountry ; best of references. Call at 515
Eighth St., Oakland.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general housework; Jewish' and American
cooking; wages $25; city references. Call- Tues-
day and Wednesday at 1170 Market st., room 80,
fourth floor. ■ .- .
YOUNG LaDY FROM THE EA-T WOULD
x like a situation as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Apply 138 a Fourth St., room 2.
I^XPERIENtED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
x wants wor& in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country' prefer cd. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. 11. to 9p. m. __d_KRKSf9^9BHHMM!
COLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE DAY'S
i work of any kind, SI a day, or will take wash-
ing home. ■ Address i9ya Church aye, be:. Stock-
ton and Powell, Broadway and- Vailejo. -
OOD SEWER WOO Lb LIKE PLACE IN
dressmaking establishment; experienced. Ad-
dress 8., box 104. Call Office. .
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR Mis-
sion; branch " office of. Th Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. #,*,'
1 EXPERIENCED, DISHWASHER AND AS-
J cist with cooking; wages $1-0 ' a mopth; sleep
home. Address cook, 66 Natoma St., care dress-
maker. •..;.:.*••
YOUNG GERMAN* GIRL WoULD LIKr. A
x position 'to assist in light housework. . No
postals: call at 1023 I'owell st.
TMBsT-CLaSS COOK WISHES SITUATION.
J Apply 303- Sixteenth si.
7 I •_) LABKIN-BK'rtNCH. OFFICE OF THE
I Jo CALL: subscriptions an -Want ad« taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes - St.;
open until »:3J o'clock. '
\V INI. -it*.*. . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. .IK,
rr Market: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night
f 1 CO to(6 per week: convenient and respeciaou
nee bus and hacgace to and trom the terry. .
_»j A__ ON- V» AN Tx.U-ilAl.il.
HUNTER <fc CO.. CHINESE AND
nese employment | office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.CYOI NG. mirr
C CHINESE & JAPANESE: ESI "D. 20 YEARS:
7help:tel.m»ln 1997. BRA DI.EY&CO.. 640 Clay.
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
) office; best help.. 414% o'FarrelL lei. E 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
73, St. Ann's bl Ig, 6 Ed ly St.: tel. Main 5-.34.
* AN 'AND WIFE (sWI-S), WITHOUT
I* ; children wish work on dairy; man. first-class
dair -mail, run any kind 1 cream separ* or: wife,
good cook: reference's. Address A., box 7, Call
Office, Oakland: ■" y . ■■■ '■'-:..
Tj** I7>ERLY MAN WISHES SITUATION I O
-i take cure of hoses or garde i; handy with
tools: good all around man: good home more the
object than wages. ■ 37 Austin st, near Polk.- :
Cook — PLACE WANTED' in HOTEL,
boarding-house or elsewhere: good baker; ex-
perienced young man. E. BURRELLS, Winter
Home, 634 Sacramento st. '
YOUNG -, .MAN, AMERICAN. STRICTLY
■ x sober, wants position as watchman or porter in
hole ; test of Eastern recommendations. Address
M. G.. 321 jtlllsst.:: 'y . .'7- 7 ; 7
N -•'.'' elderly • MA . a ; LITTLE LAM K.
would work at any light occupation for a good
home: Is used to cooking and housework. J. 11.,
box 73, Call Office. * * .
Young man wants work on a fruit
1 ranch or private place: is very handy with
tools and horses. Please address BERNSTEN,
280 Natoma St.
THIRST-CLASS CREAMERY MAN OESIRES
-F a position as huttermaker, creamery or. city:
first-class references. "Address Buttermaker, 4 10
Brannan St. 7 . 7^s%wa^SSSßßiSS^c. •'■'* •
OLLECTiON - WANTED BY RESPONSIBLE
collector: references aud security. Address
Collector, 121 California it., room 4. , ,
APANEbE SCHi OLBOY, WANTS A S11U-
: alien; speaks English well.'*; T. P., 22 Prospect
place. ■'.."-.■■-"•'■': ■ -.: . .V '.-'.:■. ..■■ -. ..
Y'oUN *;; MAN WANTS, A SITUATION A 8
night watchman. Address 918 Howard aU"'.:±L:>
UTLER (GERMAN) WANTS r-. POSITION;
oest. city references. Address L 8., box 79,
Call office.' ' ..;
■VI AN, AND, WIFE. WITHOUT CHILDREN,
Iwjy want charge of orchard" or vineyard, or man
working in orchard or vineyard and wife can uo
plain 'cooking; man having 13 years', experience
in orchard and .vineyard wor» : wages moderate.
Address P. O. box 379. - 1. Helena, Napa Co., Cal.
MAN; ABOUT ,60. ', TEMPERATE. WISHES
woikof any kind; we i recommended; speaks
English and German. ,G. A. P., box 77, Call. :
YOung man wants situation, any
-'Xi kind or worst city or country: worked 2 years
In coalyard; reference from last emulover and
hers. i Address : JOHN. A. MACDONALD, 821
Filbert st. Oakland. '.''.'-;- -r.''-'-' -''7-:,-.; \; ■•.-..
■»/OY WOULD LIKE- .WORK*. EXERCISING
A> horses: Address L., box 42, Call office.
, (SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
ORCHARDIST. WHO HASSTUDIED RORTl-
culture in Germany and in this' State a'so,
wishes position as working foreman; young or-
chard or to start orchard '.preferred. - Address Or-
chard Ist, box 159, this office. . ■■;."■.; :-.";;
W ANTr.D- WORK BY YOUNG MAN (HER-
man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait-
ing, housework: ciiy or country. ;■ Pl*>ase address
H. MILLER. 6 31 Sacramento St.; room 98.
HANDY AND INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN,
German, wishes work of any kind: small
wages accepted; machinist by trade; references.
Adiirasa Handy, box 163, Call. .'•'." y .-.■-'-..--.•
MAN AND WIFE (ENGLISH) WILL COOK,
etc., for small country hotel or take charge of
miners' hoarding-house; references. Addresi
A. 8.. 1527 California st. •
COACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC.. BY * Ex-
perienced and sready man; best references ior
past 16 years. Address J. H., care of 1379 Jack-
so., st., Oakland. . ■■-■•' .' . ■'■''■' ■- ' '<-
 V FIUST-CLASS COOK: A DEL CATESME'N
•-> man; French, German aud English. G." D.,
box 73, Ca 1 Office. 7 - '..-■-."
IV' ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFM. POSITION.
»• on a ranch: wife cook, man all-around ranch-
man. * J. F., box 11, Call i -ffice.
IjTNUIN Liiß WaNTSsII UaTION:2- YEA ' S'
X experience: can do repairs, also blacksmlthlng.
Apply 227 J- igluh st. " -
BY A GENTLEMAN OF 30, A POSITION IN
an offi c: applicant 'has na*l experience In
mmmg -and real estate business. - Care H. R.
LINSON, 326 Eddy st.
SALESMAN WANTS PoSllION: 8 .YEARS'
■experience In groceries and general merchan-
dise; steady hnbits; reliable; best references. G.,
box 64. Call Office. ■ ■ . ■ •'.■ .
OIN'OINO AND Pi INTING: .GENTLEMAN
0 wants nosit on. 'or country location. Address
Teacher, 312^ Fnlton st. ; ' - . * • ■ .
INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN, AGE 25. WISH-
-Les work; wholesale bouse preferred: wages no
object. Address Reliable, box 98. Call Office.
JAPANESE COUPLE WANT POSITION AS
cook and second work; have good experience.
K. G., 608 O'Farrell sU . '
OOQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•JOi/ The Call; subscriptions and want ads
. taken. nrwfl*iWi1 l WT»fH1liBl Ilil s 1 ■iHIIiiuHIMiHMBWBBa^
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE GALL. 167 NINTH
at — Want ads and subscriptions taken. ,
J MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
* Call: want ads and subscriptions taken,
P. 97 MONTGOMERY, CORNER. OF CLAY—
*>& 4 Open unti 9:30 O'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ada taken..
WINCH KSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD »T M NR.
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night:
SI 60 to *6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
: '. '7 FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OOK, $35, GERMAN STYLE: NURSE. S2O:
_ French governess, $25: French seamstress.
$25: 12 housework girls, -city aud country. $20
and $25; 8 young girls, a. sis:, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Gutter st. _.- ■ ' '
I FRENCH NUR-E, COUNTRY. $20: COOK,
same house. $.10. MI 8 CULLEN, 323 -utter.
WEDISH OR GERMAN LAUNDRESS, 825.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
G ERMAN~G I N W ICH ST.. $30:
VT girl for mining camp, 420: girl for Post St.,
$20: girl Webster St., 20: girl Eddy St., $20;
girt Scott st., $20; girl Polk St., $15: girl Stock-
ton st., $15"; • girl Octavia st., $15; girl Gough st.,
$15: glil Guerreros'., $16: girl for.Athlone, $15;
girl Harrison st.. $15: ; girl 'Howard st., $15: girl
O'Farrell s., $15, sleep home; 17 young girls, $8,
$10 aud $12 per month, to assist etc., nice fami-
lies. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL. $20 AND
room: 3 waitresses, country, $15 and room;
German chambermaid, $20 and room; coot for
few boarders, $20 and room: dishwasher. $15 and
ro m; girl for chamber - ork and waiting, $20 and
ro m. MARTIN'S, 749 Marke St. '
ADY AGENTS FOR I- *-UKANCE, P_.R
month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
"vu rsegTrlTsle kFh $10, POST ST.:
It 7 small clrls, $10: girl for kitchen-work and
sleep home, $10; etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
ECOND - GIRL: LAGUNA" StTT$l5. MAfr
TIN'S, 749 Market su
GERMAN' OR FRENCH GIRL: SECOND
work: $15. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
GERMA GIRL; WEBSTER ST., $15. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st-
"VfUKSiGIRL; (ARE 2 -CHILDREN; $15.
XI . MA. .TIN'S, 749 Market st. ■
FIRST-CLASS COOK. COUNTRY*. $25. SEE
party here 9 a. m.: young girl housework, city,
$25; Germa 1 coalc $6 a wee« : housework girls,
$15 and $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Gear .
"L^lßSl-CLASS waitress, $20. AND CHAM- ■
•I bermaid assist one meal. S2U. same hotel, city:
waitress, country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN A
CO, 110 Geary st. ' - -.-
ECOND GIRL AND LA UND SEE
lady here at 10:30 to-day; 5 cooks in Ameri-
can and German families. $26, $30 an I $40: Ger-
man or Scandinavia 1 n rse. $25: chambermaid, ;
wait one meal, $20: restaurant waitress, $25, and
a great many girls for rooking and ho«s>wor|c-in
city, country. J. F. CROSETT &CO , 3 6 .-utter.
-yoUNG WOMAN TO COOK FOR MEN,
X mining town, $20. see narty here 8:30 this
morn ng:. cooks and housework girls, $20; wait-
ress, $20, etc. .MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay St.
/ 1 irls Or ALL national. Tir.s to FILL
VJ various positions: from $10 to $^5. 306 Mason
A 7 OUNG LAD*' TO TEACH ARITHMETIC 1
X. hour an evening,* and for which service receive
Instruction In shorthand, booKkeeping, penman-
ship and typewriting. Address O. M., box 71, CalL
Cl IRL FOR PLAIN .COOKING AND HOUSE-
J work mi ami y of 2: mu-t be clean and will-
ing. App:y 217 Third aye.; wages *10.
1"I r TAYLOR — WANTED, PROTisSTaNT
I •-«-' woman for general housework: $10 per
month! must sleep at home.
IRL WANTED -OR GENERAL HOU-E-
-work and cooking, small family. 609Va
Broderick, bet.. Fulton and Grove.
GOOD GERMAN GIRL. GENERAL HOUSE-
work; $-0. 933 Halght st.
•VrUR-EOIRL— MUST BE NEAT; GOOD
ll home: $5; call forenoon. 427 Oak st.
YV'ErNURSB' WANTED; WAGES $25. 346
tt -Seventh st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$15 - . 2217 Octavia st. . .
CULTIVATED WOMAN FOR A FINE POSl-
tion; good pay; duties jjfeasant: V., box 2, Call.
\\t oman WANTED FOR LIGHT iiOUsE-
t* work. 3 Clyde st.
W ANT.-.D— A NEAT GIRL OR WOMAN FOR
TT housework. Call 1118 Guerrero st.
Cl IRL TO. MIND BABY - AND - ASSIST. 3681
I Twenty-fourth St., near Dolores.
YOUNG (.IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
1 516 "'onrthsu ; *
GIKL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN' FOR
general housa work and cooking. 738 McAl-
lister su *»' -'-.: '
IRL FOR light housework: small
family: reference. 112 Lyon st. '. -
OMPETJ-.NT DR.:-S>Ma*KER WisHEo PKI-
-vaiepupiisin dressmaking. Address v., box
22, Call.
IRLS WISHING TO MARRY SEND AD-
dress to MRS. H., box 10, this office.
W? ANTr.D— GIRL FjR GENERAL HOUSE-
iT work. 1519 Baker sL -. .7"i.i,i.'
T\^ANrED — GIRL TO ASSIST AT LIGHT
if housework: wages.s6 td $7. ■ 462 Tehama st.
\\' A -.TED-MEN. WOMr.N TO LEARN BAR-
'» ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given:
catalogue senu S. F. Barber Scnool, 1615 Howard.
T IBERAL OFFER; 2 WEEKS' SEWING
XJ lessons, free to all beginners ibis week: pat-
terns cv .to order. 2f.c. McDowell . Dresscutting
Academy, 630 Market st. .'. • ■.
lit; ninth Branch office - OF
-I X U The Call*, subscription and want ads
taken. ii "ffiHWT#yjlnTiii|iii'iiiF'itiHl'*|flßljjjy.. •.
I AWRENCE CUTII>G SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place -for patterns; every one
1 uaranteed to be perfec*. 1231 Market st. s~ - ; - 1
AN 1 ED-GIRLS, UTol. INQUIRE
between 3 and 5. 1103 Geary. ■
OST CON VENIEN 1 AND RESPECT A
Winchester House, 44 Third st , near Ma-kef"
200 rooms: 25c to $1 6 J per night; $1 60 to 86
per week: free 'bes and haggage to and from ferry.
LiLYN.N'S DRESSMAKING AND CUITINU
J. Academy. 14 McAllister sf. $1 _ week. 7 ' '- 7
- ; >; MALE JIELP WANTED.
sicsuvma yCL»RK \am» ami'btant
b. okke* per for a mine: $75 to $90 per«month •
see Party at our office at 8:30 this morning. C. R
HANSEN A CO., 110 Gear/ st. "* or - . ni - . ** **■
lv- ANTED-YOONGTRENCHMAN TO TEND
- t T bar in a liquor-store. L. ANDRE, »15 Stock-
tin st. ■ • ;.-.'■'..'
-[^IRST-CLASS BUTTER-MAKER FOR CITY,
•T no milklnir, $25 and fouud: also teamsters,
farmers wr»u * cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.
W. D- EWER A CO., 626 Clay st. '•
A TTEN DANT FOR BOYS'. TRAIN IN O-
p. school in the country : mu.t be neat and gen-
teel man: wages s2s month, lncludi g board, room
and washing. Vf. p. _■ WKR A CO., 626 Clay sU
V 0 h A % l£*' PRUNERS AND ORCHARD
•an H a " dff $15 and $20: working ranch foreman,
friTo- V* V 1 ™! 3 L U , . T K»P«c County: choreman. el&
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634and^636 Clay st. , w ,raent
RES A U R AN T COOK, NEAR CITY, $40 AND
, <K -i°^v d: r 3 , cw > kj . *3J to $50. MURK AY &
636 CUy'su e f * D . g - Km ,men l Agents, 634 and
WASHER, $15 AND ROOM; COOK *HK
XJ and room; 2 young men a. waiters, siofnrt
room ; paurj-cook. ■; $50 cook, . $40. = small ace*
bei boy and run elevaior. $10 and r.om* » S
$25 ana room. MARTIN 749 Market st
aa!-^%»s_-sa_y
* , AN TO CULTIVATE AND GROW BLACK
j" berries on shares. MARTIN* SmS%
• W A^ -A BRIGHT : YOUNG~MVN~Ai
'' dalesman and solicitor. Apply to «mm -io T
: 5S^-.^*^^i*^?t^w.S
'/' ■ ■■■.■■■■■*' .' .'■" ■■■'- •■-:'■
" HEI.f XTK I>— Con ttn*a«»rt.
1. OYS' $85 BICYCLE, $20 CASH PRIZES,
■" I free < o boys Baling "greater number Eal-T
horse cough drops before March 1. call after V, \
999 Howard st.. room 'iii. -y 7 .-■"■-* "■ ■_ .
WANTED— A GOOD HANDY . GENERAL^'
»» blacksmith; ; state ability, reference ami
wages expected. Napa Machine Works, Napa..
W ANTED-A PIANO-PLAYER.- APPLY AT
"» Star and Garter Saloon, 137 Fifth st, be-
tween 11 and 4. • '■
YOUNG- MAN TO WORK IN LODGING-
• x house ■ for room, board and washing. Alpha
House. 5 Market St. ' ;■""■
■jARBKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 797
XJ Mlsilon st., near Fourth. ■ ■ '
/> OOD barber wanted 1317 MISSION
VJ st.; call early. '
C*iood barber wanted at iiso sev-
e nth si., Adeltne-su station, Oakland.
W -ANTED — HAI.BER FOR SATUiDAY
'evening at 4i2"/i Fifth st- : come at 4p. x.
ARRErt Fo SATURDAY* EVENING AND
Sunday. 105 Fourth su; apply after Ba. M
BOOTBLACK-Sl AND. COMPLETELY FUR-
nished, for rent. 737 V 2 Market sU
a TAILOR Fok INSTITUTION; $30: ST. aDY
X. place. 519 Kearny st., room S.
FIRST-CLASS BiRDSI.YE MAPLE GRAIN"
er. Call Girls' Directory. Halght st. '. ,;>: .
TOUT BOY TO WORK IN A BOAToHOP.
646 Second st. :
AN TO WAIT AT TARLE AND WAoH
dishes. 272 Brannan st.
ttCKUITB WANTED riiii THE U. S. M.V.*"
rina Corps, U. S. Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 3d years
who are citizens of the United Sjate3. or those
who have legally declared ihelr intention to lie-
come such: mcsi.be of good character anu habits
and able to speak, read and write English and he
between 5 feet 6 Inches and 0 feet in heiehu For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Ellis sl, San Francisco. Cal.
EN WANTED TO JOIN THE h-OUTH SEA
Island expedition; membership $50: perma-
I nent homes on the co-operative plan: will sail in
their own 'vessel: membership-books will close
shortly. ' Apply 547 Mission st.
STENOGRAPHIC SPEED CLUB NOW BEIN'O
organized at Heald's Business College, 24 Post
st.: the cub will meet two evenings each wees
(Tuesday and Thursday): club lees $1 50 a month.
WANT ED — FIRsT-CLASS .BARBER. 207
Fourth st. ■
mAILOR WANTED. AT 2503 GREENWICH
X at,: cor. Baker.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
ll 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 100
to 50c, week 60c to $2: reading-room; stiiciest at-
tention morning calls; clean: quiet: open all nighL
LiAKBtHo' h-Uif-tliMi UNjON tMPLOif-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL. 667 C1a:-.
BARR_.It--— t Ott. EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS. 325 Grant ava.
JOURN MEN . UAituK-S' cM RLO VMEN i"
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh sL
WO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FUR SALE
cheap: good location' 415 Hayes st.
IP LCHO HOUsE, 803V 3 MaßKEi'SjT.— f.ooMS
Li 20c. 25c to 60c night: «1 to $2 weeic.
OME FOR MAN AND WIrE ON 10-ACRE
' prune ranch 4' miles from San Jose: must
understand care fruit, etc. Address, stating wages,
etc., Orctiardist, box 82, this office.
Gl SALESMAN TO SOLICIT FOR AN
I" established buyers' supply house; good salary
to right man. C. box 75, CalL
TF YOU ARE AN ACTIVE MAN AND WILL
J. ing 10 worK and deposit $10, we can guarantee
positively $.5 per week. 216 Sansome, room 11.
NE-CHAIR BARBER- HOP; $25. GOOD
location. Apply Call Office.
Oil Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
-iUIO want ads taken for THE CALL.
OOMo 100 'to 75c Pr.R NIGHT; i>U- TO #1 bj
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
IAT NTED— MEN TO SOLICIT ON A NKW
»» plan; no goods to carry; salary' If preferrej.
156 Fifth sL .* ..
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF. SHOES;
our own make: $1 75. 659 Hawaii!, nr. sixth.
\\f ANTr.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
TT to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still rnns Denver House, 217 Third sU: 15 J
large rooms: 26c per ulght: $1 os 3 ■er week.
Vy ANT ADS AND sU-oCHlrTlo.*.- l- ..ti
TT The Calx, are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
\\l A-M'i.U.lot.ujL.i.-.l' WAGES DUE LARO it
TT ers<_clerxs. KNOX Collection Agoy. 110 sntti-r
, OK 1 Q MISSION* ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
tillO'l'Hß Call; subscriptions and want ada
taken. VHjSsgKS^gS
~L*l 6i_.11.-. WANTS 100 Mr.N To i.Kl' Roi-
Xli. lie b»er or wine 6c : «>es! free lunch. 643 C1*-.
,'IHil AL'il- HotiSiv bj/ jiAltlvr.T ol'.. BK-
X low Sixth, lor a room: iSr nicrht: *l a «»*».-. •
OSEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST SIN'-LE FUR-
nished rooms. 'Mc to 25u night, $1 to SI 60 wk.
I'OK FULL AND v LEAN lOc ..ir.AL OR
A coffee and cakes 5c so-to HO / 2 Grant.aye.
E-T IN CTTY— SINGLE ROoMS, 10. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 26. $1 60 per week.
Pacinc House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 1 Hut D ST.. SK.
1" Market: 200 looms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
1 Aft MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c. 15a
J Cf Cf and '.'Oc a nignt. Including coffee and ro.U.
624 Washington SL . near Kearn . . '
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thin*; to patent* Protect your
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write 'JOHN
WEDDERBURN «fe CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. . Washington. D. U, lor their $I_UJ ptud
cfter and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
ANTED— SINGLn, ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a week;'
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTED, OUR SHOES —WE REPAI ll
shoes up to 9 o'clock every- night: these work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repair*!
at night while you wait: lames' soling, 35c; ruoa't
tollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from S3 up:
we have a lot of shoos been damaged by water, a:
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up 1 *
$2 00. 662 Mission St.. bet. First s.. an.l (Second st.
• At. ENTS \» ANTED.
HE (PAS"-i6naTELY*)— SOMETHING STIRS
within me. She— You should use oneof Seed's
•water filters. Agts wanted, BRiCK&CO., 777Mar_t
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication since Grant's book Is "General
1 Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one want 1
tbe book written by the 'commander-in-chief of th*
United States army; first agent's commissioa
$22 in 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department.. The -Wmtaker A Ray Company,
723 Market st. -
".',:'. KOOMs \VAN"TJ£I>.
WANTED-^UNFUI^iSHKD"j*OOMB~^R
housekeeping; quiet neighborhood: conven-
ient to cars; rent not to exceed $12: references
hanged. bO'i Liber.yst.
<•) LARGE UNFURNISHED ROJ.MB .FOR
4 light housekeeping by man and wife: sunny,
between st ckton, Tavmr Sutter and O'Earrell
its. Address B. D. M., box 72.
\\! ANTED— 3 OS 4 FURNISHED ROOMS,
*' furnished com pie. c for housekeeping. Ad-
dress J. M. (L. Commercial Hotel..;' -'*SM^te
■^^ i*—^—
BOARDING WANTED.
Lady \visHE^n^oojrxN^TrTA7uT7>rTrE^
sper table private family: would prefer room
unfurnished; price $18. references. ..Address ft.
J., box 103. Call Offlce.
- J I
BOARD FOX CHILDREN" WANTED.
B"~7IARD'wXN r rEiri£rß^
XJ family: only with mother's care, for boy
and girl; ages 5 and -3 years: references wanted
'and iciven. . J. A. - , iox 108. Call offlce.
»A-\lJi.O- JllSt_L_ANt,U-j.
ViTA3a^i^"T^cirjr^urirr^^
TT Ing outfit- . BACTOALrPI. 933 Market St.
VV A NTED- -.COND- HA n D GASOLINE EN-
tt giae. 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoistin" -ear*
Address'E., box 11 1, Call Office. ""'-**---» °«» r <
I>UTLDINGS BOi. GH-i;. LUMBr.lt, m,,,,;,'
XJ doors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission nu '
JJKLL YOUR ROOK- CLOT Hi. su a.m. jr.»V-
Oelry,.> A . KLEIN. 109 sixi'i nt ; see 1 pewt-j.
.•LOST. '-. : •'.
T/?.f"^ LA .?^ GOLD WATCH AND FOR.*
J J oct. Sixth and Twelfth, or on Market or Va-
celve* re war? ° • ° 36 " 2 Twentieth st. aud re **
ceive reward.
"DULL-TEH XIK IE X DOG; ALAMEDA LICENSE
■aJ tag. Suitable reward at 1214 JLacKSon su" * 7
1 1 ( _"' 1 V 4 l A ' JJUl 'K>> WITnT..EHIBER.>IA
,-H Savings uud Loan -octet.* 01 San Fran, isco. In
i?" nt^ ii'*,\? , * M °K * HEN AN -SEN. JOSEPH
frr .^SP J< JOSEPH DE LA RIVIERE and
ie« « fc^- UK LA RIVIERE. Noa 204,618.
188,331. 199,165 and 155.431. The flndsr will
Please return to bank.
T OST-T 1N"5oX CONTAINING BANKBOOKS"
J-* mortgage-papers, deeds, pension and valuaole
papers. Hcder please return 10 416 Brannan su:
liberal reward; no question* asked
1 .**-y r — **ASSBOI-K.WITH THE HIBERNIA
■xj Savings and Loan society of san Francisco in
the name , of JOHN BARKY. No. 1.07,363. The
finaer will please return to hank.
TOST-MOND.Y, BET. 11 TO la. TRA>sI
xj ferrlng trom W shington- t. cars to Powell
then Post to Stockton, circular feather boa* value •
as keepsake. Send postcard to J. osßgr v .
2419 a Clay H. : ■.:-.; ;■..". . ■" v^"- > . J
"I^OST-OOl.D.; BLA. K-ENAMELicir^IATT:
AJ ese cioss, y emp.ar's badge, be . tan Fran-
cisco and Berkeley: suitable re« aid at Berkeley
Bank. Return Or notify.. . ...-..- cer_eiey
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
; T OHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. KOtitM
S_. *? d 27, CroCl£er " uUa -"*.- «..epuoae M__i
76, ban Francisco. Cal. a—yum -»««
I UHS R- AI TEEN ANDMAUI.Ici- 1 A*,l7VtT
. sMita a; law, r*_u ilb,bi^^t%u^lt^s?rrsi>F«** rPAM'F^.
C_9OAYi GROCERY AND BAR; TRADE
»7* — I 1"". $1 00 per mo .tli; cheap rent; must
sell it ore; half cash balance good property.
UN »OD i Ci ' 765 Market st.
/ 'jr.-D A LOON: » PROMI NENT. CORNER;
I ij^iO". tamale c ile In rear: doing fair busi-
ly ress: cooil stoc-; liquors cigars, etc.: satisfactory
reasons for selling; ful Investigation DEB-
WOO 1) A CO., 765 Market.
OF FEE SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
must be sold. DECK ER. 1020 Market st.
C*»Cim A MANUFACTURING BUSINESS:
CO" 1 '- large print.- Ap. DECKER, 1020 Mitt.
-pAKTNF'R; PHOTOGRAPHER PRE Klt"-
X red: established photo developing and finish-
ing: $250 r»qnlicd. i> i- 1 'X 1 it. 1020 Market st.
©OKA STATIONERY, CANDY AND N(>
(JiJUO lion store. DECKER, 1020 Marketst.
A PITA IST fo INTERRST HIMSELF -AS
partner (dormant or active) lv import and ex-
port business wl h Cential Anieiica and Orient.
Address S. 1:., box 7 •. 1 all Office.
YaTKil, COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; A
desirable plac< of business; neatly fitted up;
Tent reasonable, with lease. 21-Vi Ninth st.
TOR SALE— MARK! SALOON; GREAT
X ga»n. Inquire at" NABER, ALFS &
Pl't'NK'S, 323 Market at.
U A.MED- TOBORKOW $4000 PROM PRI-
'» vate party on highly improved fruit ranch,
near Newcastle. Placer Co. Ad. 11. , box lIS, Cull.
Partner in wine and i.iq'i on busi-
X ness; goid tilde trade: small capital: good
Clianc-. Call 820 Valencia st.
<£9AA VERY CHEAP: A NF.AT SALOON;
r_ — \l\l. low rent; good location. "Inquire 120
Montgomery aye.
•pROCERY AND rar FOR SALE CHEAP
" T on account of other business: no opposition.
Apply this office.
. OfOi 111 FKUITSTOKK; IN i: LOCATION:
- -up *-"U>. good opporiutilty. It., box 73, - al.
94 1 A.GKARY— CO .LYARD FOR BALE, OR
'■*- _x 1 y lease without s'.ock. '
<i_ IXA SALOON i* •- -ALE; 3 LIVING-
*ipx OxJ. rooms: rent $22 50 651 Mission st.
TIL?" ANTED-PA R IN .-. ItTv ITH $1 .00 IN ES-
'" tabiishcd business. 610 Second st. :
TOR SALE— A Flt'-sT-UL -..--S SHOE BUSI-
-1 X n-.-st: reason for selling leaving for the East:
, The busine-s is hr class an : open to all investtg 1-
. tion; the opportunity of a lifetime to right kind of
a man. Aduress S. 11.. box 89, tnts ice.
Ivor's ale OR to rf:nt^cvt7age OF 6
rooms; barn a::d chicken-house; suitable for
teams. er; terms reasonable. Apply 1219 Nlne-
.--tetnth aye.. -o.'l* San Franc
"L* lo !'' SALE— HALF OU WHOLE INTEREST
x in two of the beat dairy produce routes in city;
will bear investigation; uo agents: Address R. P.,
box 108, Call.
KESi AURA NT IN UOO D LOCATION;
c.ears $100 per month. A. V... box 77, all.
1< OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP
J. on account of sickness. Inquire at this oilice.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
lady of means, rtoom -. 223 Post St.
ARBER SHOT FOR SALE; WITH 3 CHAIRS.
1303 Dupont st.
TIO CARPENTERS AND MII.LMI-N— TO A
practical man a first-class opportunity presents
Itself to establish a paying business in a .ocation
where there will be practically a monopoly of mill-
work a:iU building: cash required $2000. For par-
ticulars see CHAS. W. FOPE, room 43, Crocker
building.
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMFN I CO. WILL
sell 1 3 interest in its property and bnsiness for
$8000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean, Randsburg, Cal.
Q9rr»rv 1 WANT TO BORROW THIS
.•tJ-i)Uu. amouut for six months: ample se-
curity will give situation to good party for one
year'or longer at 4100 per month: particulars only
a- personal interview. Address & s., box '30, this
ofiice. B_i?Mß
AIRY PRODUCE In- 11- HORsE AND
wagon, for sale cheap ac.ount of other busi-
ness. Apply 52 St "Tenth St.
B _ UTCII Fit -SHOP: ESTABLISHED BUsl-
ne-st fir sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth St.. near Castro.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address I., box 120. CalL
'&.j(j|| RKSTAURANT: COST - 5' 600; BAR-
tJOUU. gain: rooms: no agents. R., box 18, Call.
V hl\M-Al*r.ii BUIITK i.\ iNT'LllIOit l , i' I'
x\ close 10 sail _ it-UCUi. j. toe i<ju titulars app./
this office.
■' ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN" a
grocery anT liquor house established sincj
1863. Address A. V.. box 39. Call Oilice.
BARGAIN; $550: RESTAURANT ANDOYB-
-ter-'fcouse; notes a good and established busi-
ness; selling on account of leaving city. 821
jiCeart. sL
Q.hj'j PARTNER WANTE : SALOON ;
• . — UU. open day and night tor many years; in
center of city. Cal! Office.
J SALE— SMALL RESTAURANT. CALL
1429 -Market St. y.
Bj - SHOP- AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
stand; good reasons for selling. F. F., box 21,
Call OlK^a * --.'-'■-
r. i*/i *- HoPHOUskT'LEARINO $JUO PER
• _"i<JU. month; central location. Apply Call.
CORNER SALOON: OLD-ESTABLISHED
business. Api Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
(J.i AA SALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN;
•t?XUc'. owner leaving; city. 854 Howard St.
A LOON POR SAI.E— APPLY AT ANCHOR
SALOON 1 APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacitic st.
Ci "Inquire
HILBERT BROS., liquor-store, Ellis and
Fowe 1 sts. ■- . . : ."V
Qti'H PAYING CIGAR-STORK-. OTHER
«_*» ).)'). business Inquire 1001 Mission st.
1* EN ILEM AN PARTNER WANTED BY
VT young widow of means. 104 Mason at.
0 ESTABLISHED SALOON; INVESTI-
gation if desire 1. 158 s te uart St.
A \\T«K- * NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
-''Y. WEEKLY CALL, In wraDper. lor mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES -OH SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS
"i7-room house $700! 22- room house... $500
li:-room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
65 rooms, cor. 8,1-00* 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., tut- sell 20 j 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Flftn.
- T OI'GING-HOUSF:. l^ ROOMS: SUNNY:
Xj corner: making mon?y: tacrlflce: owner leav-
ing city for the south: see it. Apply 217 Second st.
ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE— 3S ROOMS
617 Mission st.: cheap.
* FURNISHED ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP,
— O on account of departure 916 Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSES "WANTED.
TTaRGA I FURNITURE OF 23 ROOMS:
J J house foil: good location on Market; must sell
by Ist. M., box 63, Call.
-tKNIXLT'.E POi. SALE.
A fits CARPETS; CHAMBER Sh. I K. iSi-i
tUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820: folding-bed*,
$10; bar on tilts. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Missiwa.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. ~ FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gool
is new: cas.i or on lime: open evenings.
r «j/-| F'i'URTH— FURNITURE OF HOUSE 6
sJO\J rooms and bath; reasonable;
UCKI A m" FURNITURE GO.— LOWEST
X> pr.c furniture, carpets: ail trader 836 Miss' n
PCKN IT Ci;E M ANTED.
irRMIIKK, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
J ters, showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
I . i lEKf_UC.fi. UIA.N ANYWHERE FAll)
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jonei
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
np commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU ANT UuOp PlliCr.S FOtt FDRNT-
ture and u.'r hanirUe see SURD. 21 Larkln.
CALl'tl' CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
/' cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. 11. STEVEN.**
Mir. 38 and 40 ! lg_%_ at.; telephone South 250.
,* HEN YoU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S i'ioneerCar-
pet-beatlng works, 353-57 'Tehama St.; teL So*. 40.
C CARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
/new. 23 Tenth; tel. south 36. Mackintosh A Co.
J' >. MIiC'Hr.LL, CAtU'F.T-i LEAN I.NO CO.,
. .40 14th su : cleaning He a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
C*. A RFE'I -CLEANING. 3c ; UVLW, So: RUG
/ samples free; tel. jesale9l4. Stratton, 198th St.
/-lON KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
' ) 3.';3 Golden Gate ava Telephone East 126.
ATTOItNEVS-AT-LAW.
ADIV ■■ LAWSABPECI-
aIty; private; no charge unless huccessful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. >*. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market.
CONSCIENTIOUS, RELIABLE. ATTORNEY;
all business strict v confidential: terms rea-
sonable: best references; U. S. and Stat- courts.
L.E.PHILLIPS.BI-2 SupremeCourtLld,3os Larkin
A DVICE FREE; No CHARGE UNLESS sue-
Jx. ce3Sfui. J. G. JEFFRKSB, 032 Market, rm.a3.
J~~) W. KING. CHRONICLE BLDIi; CONSUL-
Lv tation free: probate: all cases: fees low.
DVICFFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
ces3ful. W. W. DAVIDSON. o^7 Markets-
STORAGE.
"FToirATjl^C^rAPES'FlSrTilE CITY: FTRE-
v i; proof building: advances made. 211 Larkin.
I/ URN IT PIANOS. TRUNK-.: AD-
X vances. # suituiing i RA.-s. L. 'i A YLO 11.204 Foic
HOTELS.
TipooKLVN lloi:*.!,, 2C^s£S~BUBH~wC
J > board and room $1 to ?2 per day, iS to $12
per week; choice rooms 50. cents to $1: suite
icon s for family $1 to »1 50 per night; lirst-class
service; Dee coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY. j
HOUSES TO LET.
P. 9" GOLDEN GATE AYE.. NEAR VAX,
O.— Ness— Rent reduced from $85 to $45; fine
bay-window house; J) rooms: suitable for a doctor.
1 7/WR AND 1707 AND "ft KOOMS:
I IwiJijli a:id4l3; painted; renovate!; cab c
passes. • ___
i 7~ROOMS, ~BATIi - AND LAUNDRY. SUNNY
I side of Glen Park ay. ; in excellent repair «nd
very attractive: $1-0. DEMPSTER, 56 Glen Park
aye., oft' Twelfth st.
Ol -E 8 ROOMS: YARD; FINE V IEW,
Lombard st , rear Hyde; rent $16.
&i)i. 2814 1 tOI'NA: HOUSE (J ROOMS.
<jT>— U. $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
. $14—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
i 'J^vOil CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR PIERCE— 6
J Ao A- > rooms, bath; basement with laundry;
rent $30.
OU*SE TO L T. ANDERSON & CO.,
Twenty-ninth and Sanchez s s. • -j &"-■-■
' 9 a ift GEARY— 7 ROOMS, BATH.
__T 1 large sable, yard; suitable eiorcsimaii.
ItOOMS; _ .i 338 Sr.C"ON~D ST.; spi& PER
month. Key at 539 second St. *>
7" ROOMS; 5378 SECOND ST.; *17 PER
I month. Key at 539 Second st.
r ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
») provements: 4a F.dera s 1 .; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 -eco:idst.
oL'ShS To HEN I FoR VERY Li'l'l'LK
money at BALDWIN *. HAMMOND'S, Ij
y. . nirnmerr -:.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Sj /*. FOUH ROOMS AT *225 FLOOD AYE..
J U. Sunnyside, or will sell. $60 cash. bal. $10
per month. THE MCCARTHY" CO., 646 Market.
y ~ ND $9; COTTAGi-.S. 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
<3* I good criler. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
st ,or G. H. UMBSEN & CO, 14 Montgomery st.
1(117 LOMBARD, NEAR HYDE; COTTAGE
lUll of 5 roftms and bath; rent $I*6: water
free. Apply DAVID STERN <_. SONS. *_0 Mont-
gomery st. HB^B
<J> 1 A COTTAGE; N. SIDE OF TWENTIETH
ctPIU. St., near Castro. . .-'* v ".i." .
ILKNISHEO FLATS.
6Tflat7~nicH7y~furnT^
*4 for housekeeping. 1023 X lis st.
. -.ATS T O LET.
7/-TfoLBOM^.lO SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
I U $22; water free. UMBSEN, 14 Montgom-
ery BL
i (j.).,*! BUSH— NEW MODERN" FLAT OF 8
1«" — — sunny rooms; all conveniences; rent
moderate. ,
"J,** LAT; 5 UOU.HS AND BATH; SUNNY BELT:
X $15 per month; 2010V2 Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st.
MODERN 6-ROOM FLAT. 1617 GROVE. ST.;
IY_. rent reasonable.
7 7 T-~M. AITTsTEK-l FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
VXO t<Tid bath: 825.
U'ANT GOOD TENANT; HALF MoNTH
»» free: 4 room s; lath; $10. 10631 3 Broadway.
1. AY-WINDOW SUNNY' FURNISHED FLA 1 .
i D 530 Turk st.
ANDSoME SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS; MOD-
ern improvements. 3630 Nineteenth st.
TTPPER F. AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
L improvements; On Twelfth St.; $20.
Lower fiat: 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front and
rear yards for flowers; $22 50.
Four sunny rooms and bath on Glen Park aye.;
second floor: $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st. ...
G*. OOD TENANT— WF: WANT YOU AND ARE
t willing to a low you inducements to get you;
call for list. A. M. sPECK A CO., 602 Marketst.
"I A 9 1 HAIGHT, NR. BAKER— NICE 6-RoOM
1 U— 1 flat: best block on Haight St.: fine view.
*VTEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; 3175
-Li 25th, cor.Polsom. J.A.ULRICH.4I < rocker bL
9-*»._ii PINE ST.; FLATS 5 ROOMS AND
— 00l bath each: newly papered and painted;
sunny yards: rent $16.
I OWER FLATS: 4 AND 6 ROOMS; BATH:
J J vara. 10 Shotwell st., near -Fourteenth! $14
an.l $15.
OUN.NY 7-ROOMFLAT: MODERN IMPROVE-
O meuts: near pane. 2614 McAllister sl
O/.-l A 1 GUTTER - NICE SUNNY UPPER
-Oil'i flat; new: papered: yard; $15.
C 1 HI- A PEST CORNER FLAT IN CITY; BA-
I ker and Sacramento sts.: 5 rooms and bath:
In good condition; sun all day; rent low; make
offer. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
•JO 1 TEHAMA. BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
OOX 6 rooms: latest improvements; rent low.
7*99 AND 624 HAIGHT ST.— FLATS OF 6
U— — and 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent to good
tenant. Apply 10 1838 Ellis st.
O ROOMS AND BAT PL 28 CEDAR AYE.,
0 near Larkin st.
PPER FLAT. 5 ROOMS. BATH: FINE
) view. Apply 1325 Washington st., nr. Joues
i) NICE FLATS; 4 GOOD ROOMs EACH;
1 — cheap rent. £24 Sixth St., near Rryant.
9-1*: GEARY— 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
tit) suitable for business. Key 217 Geary st.
trie FELL — 2 FLA i >. 4 ROOMS EACH;
OUl) bath, large .basement and yards; $15
and $16- .
1 A") PULTON— R A FINE NEW UPPER
lrlA flat 7 rooms; oath; $35.
}, LAT 4 ROOMS. B,\'lH AND GAS; $12.
1 From 11 to 2, 420 Lilly aye.
0 I Q AND $20: MODERN PUTS, 5 AND 6
01 O rooms. 94 aud 96 Belcher st., near S. end
Fillmore.
-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
X eral St.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 second st.
ail LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS
«Jl"i. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st-, bet.
I Noe and Sanchez.
0_» PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
AO block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat: rent $15: water free.
1 HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
V.' rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 a Seventh st.
IP LA Ts TO KENT FoR VERY LITTLK
money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND':-* 10
Montgomery st.
BOts-hH-l-LNCr ROOMS.
Buchanan Street.
n An BUCHANAN, COR. FELL-SUNNY" FUR-
\J\JA nisbed bay-window hall bedroom and
kitchen, $18.
-tilth street.
QI J FIFTH —SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN.
OIT dow room, kitchen, bath, nocnlldren; $12.
01-)-)O 1 -)-) f7fTh^2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O— — housekeeping; rent cheap.
QO*: FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUSE-
O^O keeping; 2. $10; 3, $13; »ingle, $5 to $7.
Fifteenth Street.
i m A FIFTEENTH— I SUITE HOUSEKEEP-
X UXU ing rooms; also single rooms, bath; gas;
sun.
Fulton Street.
I A FULTON— TWO SUNNY CONNECTING
1 •' rooms, furnished for housekeeping; bath; gas.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 A 1 A GOLDBNGATE AYE.-SUNNY, BAY-
I x x\J window alcove; running water; bath ad-
joining.
Hayes Street.
1 rts HAVES — 2 FURNISHED SUNNY'
1 I L T'J connecting rooms: every convenience;
block from park.
iiouaril S-rce..
"1 77 d HOWARD-ELEGANT, FURNISHED
II It rooms for Ugh; housekeeping.
i>)Ue Street.
OOA HYDE— NICE BACK PARLOR; COM-
Z.O\J pleie for housekeeping: rent $10. '
Leavcnworta street.
101 O LEAVENWORTH— 1 MEDIUM-SIZED
X\fX sunny unfurnished room: rent $5.
dentate street.
OC)1 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH -4 ROOMS;
VAiXs rent $9.
OZ.O NICE FLOORS OF 3 ROOMS
\JO\f each; unfurnished* rent $11 and $12 each.
Lewis Streec.
1 /*> LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3 UN-
Iv furnished front rooms; $11.
Jones Street.
9f|£*.fi JONE,a ' COR. FILBERT-3 OR 4 SUN-
ioOU ny unfurnished rooms; conveniences:
very cheap.
iicAtl later street.
a 99 MCALLISTER ST. -HOUSEKEEPING
'XAA rooms; also font room.
Natomi street.
o*l NATOMA, COR. SECOND-2 NICELY
Ox furnished rooms for housekeeping with good
yard, **s2 week: also several single rooms.
.'..nth Sireet.
9/* l NINTH-FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE
— U housekpg: graie: gas; bath. Also 246 Eighth.
9*l NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOM]
Ax also front sunny suite; running water.
. ioireil Street.
c"1 A POWELL- 3 NICK SUNNY HOUSE-
OX keeping rooms; complete; reasonable.
. Sutter Street.
709 SUTTER. NEAR JONES-NICE LV FUR-
'S 0& nl-hfd housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
- weirth Street.
1 At\ TWELFTH- LARGE AND Wf*LL-FUR-
I tO niihed housekeeping rooms; recently ren-
ovated. -y"* ; --S '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
f HOCSEKKEPING KOOMS — Continued.
Twenty-third Street.
0790 TWENTY-THIRD,' BET. DOLORES
•J lAO and Chattanooga— 2 furniihed rooms for
r.ouseke ping. ...... ;
Vau Ness .-\ 1 t-.sl.ir.
rin VAN NESS AYE.— SUITE COMPLETE
OI O for housekeeping (unfurnished), parlor
floor: al«o single.
ROOMS TO LET.
Huclianan Street.
/'AO BUCHANAN* — SUNNY' HAY-WINDOW
UU— and kite. en. Sl3 50: 3 rooms, $ 18. *_
Clement street.
39 CLEMENTINA. "BET. FIRST AND SEC-
— ond— s unfurnished rooms to let.
Lady Street.
,<--! 9 EDDY'— SMALL NEAT SUNNY FRONT
Ox A room, $8. ''
Tl Oli EDDY. OPP. JEKFERSCJN SQUARE—
1X OU Ele'.-antly famished large bay-window
rooms: references required.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 STH ,
O st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
EIHa Street. '
DOTAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INCANDE?S-
XV. cent lights ln every room: reading-room, con-
taining dally papers: smoking-room and ladles'
l-rlor; opeu all night: 100 ms per night. 35c to
Jpl 50; week, $2 to ■?■!<: month, $8 to $30: fire es-
tates; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
row ready: hot and cold water in each room: bat.is.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE 8.
iii ART. manager— A quiet houie: centrally lo-
cated: newlyfurnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
EQQ KLLiS— LARGE front ROOM, well
000 furnished: ia ■■. bath: $10; private family.
79 I ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY RoO.M IN PRI-
iA I v»te family, suitable for lor 2; rent $7.
_ ... 11 stree—
"1 QI PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
l V * I rooms to leu ' *
I t\(\ fifth— Carnarvon castle: NICE-
| Xl/./iy furnlstieu rooms by day or week; from
j $1 25 up per week.
Fifteenth Street.
-1 -fin FIFTEENTH— 3 NICE SUNNY" fur-
-1 OArJ ni-hei rooms for light housekeeping. In-
quire grocery store, 1858 Howard St. _^
Fillmore Streec.
9;- 9 FILLMORE -CONNECTING ROOMS
—• ) I—. for housekeeping or otherwise; furnished
or not. '
i. ui swiu street. -.
7RP 1 folsom— nic ELY FURNISHED SUN-
I DO' 1 ny fi out rooms cheap. /
Q9H FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH—S INGLE FUR-
C —i\i nished rooms: 81 per week.
1 CC ft FOLSOM, C 'R. TWELFTH — FOUR
XOOU unfurnished rooms, with bath.
Fourth Street.
ni ('A FOURTH— N B WLY FURNISHED
OX U sunny rooms, with grate; new building. .
Geary Street.
-1 OAI GEARY— SUNNY SUITES; GOOD FOR
1 A\J2 office.
jQi) GEARY— SINGLE SUNNY ROOM FOR
rtOO gentleman: rent reasonable.
tullltll Gar» Attuuo.
QAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ALCOVE AND
OUO kitchen for housekeeping: other rooms.
drove street.
no GROVE — ONE OR TWO NEWLY" FUR-
— O nished sunny front rooms; grate and bath;
' private family.
Haijrht Street.
90 HAIGHT- LA ROE, PLEASANT, SUNNY'
.O front room: very reasonable; bath.
-uiiitril stree..
/"'9O HOWARD— DOUBLE AND SINGLE;
I _• J well urn. shed; rent reduced.
-.in HOWARD-NICK .- UN N V FRONT
I A\J rooms for private family.
Hl'l 1 HOWARD — NlCi-SLY' FURNISHED
IOXs sunny bay-window; other double and
single rooms.
US^T^' "WARD, CORNER SIXTH— NICELY'
•»JC«/ turnlsheii suites S3 50 a week; single beds,
$1 25 to 91 50: double beds, If 1 50 to $2 fcOaweek
1 I .1(1 HOWARD-SUNNY* BACK ROOMS $1
11-u ocr week; front rooms 85 per mo.itti.
Jones Street.
9/-17 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
~'.'l management; elegant snnny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street, ---•-• .7***:"*"- '; ''
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; "first
class in ever*/ respect: terms reasonable.
VTii.W AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
lr\ corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20. 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or mouth.
Market Street.
1707 MARKET- ELEGANT SUITES AND
101 single: newly furnished and carpeted.
\* Cis KM ; I -*. JIOL-M?.. 10-4.J MARKET — ffc.il
X night. -So "> SI: week. *1 50 to $5: families.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
> Post-street.
9901 POST (THE DOM US)— SUNNY FUR-
AAO-A nlshed rooms; line location; rent reason-
able.
Powell street.
rAQ POWELL, NEAR SUTTER — FRONT
OUO and back parlor: also small room: sunny.
bansome Street.
■q-l C SANSOME — NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
OJLO newly furnished, $3 and up; housekeeping
rooms.
Second Sireet. '. '•'", ':
97 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
01 furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY. Prop.
CO SECOND — DOUBLE ROOMS Sl 50 To $3;
<tl— sinale $1 to $1 50; night 25c to 50c.
lie SECOND — CLEAN AIRY ROOMS,
110 single and double, $1 per week up.
ilijl SECOND— FURNISHED ROOMS. 10c,
AOL 16c, 25c per night: 65c to 91 50 weekly.
Sixth Street.
"1 QI SIXTH-NICE fcUNNY* FRONT SUITE,
l*J\t suitable for bath or manicuring; cheap.
5 SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEOANT
•J rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
KUNSWICK HOUSED 148 sIXTH-Ol'f. N
ail ulght rooms: 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to
per week. J. O. DRAKE, manager.
91 /<_ SIXTH— NICE LARGE RON IT ROOMS
— 11)* to rent, cheap; also sunny back rooms.
Stockton street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
ntsherl rooms, en suite or single-, hot, cold water
in every room: baths; elevator: transient solicited.
ill ill STOCK lON, N.E. COR» GEARY*— SUNNY
A\)\J downtown rooms; $7; gentlemen: refer-
ences^^
Luiter -M.i-ee..
7 Q-l SUTTER, OPP. UNIVERSITY CLUB—
Ol Newly furnlshel front alcove room for 1 or
2 gentlemen; breakfast If desired. _^^^
Taylor Street.
-1 OQ TAYLOR— NICF} SINGLE . ROOMS, $1
XUt7 week: double rooms, $1 75.
Third Street.
-I 7 TniRD (IMPERIAL) — NICELY FUR-
X I nißbed rooms; tourists a specialty; transient.
Turk Street.
0 SUNNY ROOMS- RENT tb; PRIVATE
A family: gas. bath. 242 Turk sl
ku .>«■<■* A vein an. /
7fi9_ VAN NESS AVE.-KUNNY FRONT
i XjA'.i bay-window room, with grate; also i wo
other rooms, cheap. ____
1 1 Olt VAN NE-S, CORNER GEARY— FUR-
XXUU liisi.ed sunny front room; $6; bath.
Webster Street.
7 "1*1 WEBSTER— 2 OR .3 LARGE HAND-
I IX some rooms, furnished or unfurnished, for
housekeeping. _^
Miscellaneous.
HALF OF" VEIT7 LA ROE BASEMENT. PRl-
vate entrance, for rent; cheap: able for
storage of wine, etc. Inquire at corner Thirl and
Howard, Basement Saloon.
BOARDING ANU. rooms.
"Ti*9^DD^ru>VELY siTnl^^parlors
xx A and other rooms, with board; $20 up.i
79*: FINE (Kr.NoVA)— NEWLY FURNISH-
I— < ) ed suites and sing.c rooms: service strictly
first class; references. ' ' ■ ' '■ .-.-
on 1 LEAVENWORTH —SUNNY CORNER
OUI suites; single; excellent table; rates mod.
HUTKLBERTLIN o. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: reference!*, all modern conveniences.
V*nii.ima« i*OAi:L»EI».
MOTIIKR'S PERSON CARE; BUNNY,
healilifnl rooms; 'dry, sanely yard: wholesome
food; reasonable terms. K. 11., box 72.
PHYSICIANS. .
T|R. C C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKKT, COR.
xJ ooldenGale ftY. ; diseases of women a specialty.
' 7 7■ ,• .TORES. To LET. ': ■'■
STORK AND 3; ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
for dressmaker;, sunny belt: $16 per mouth;
2610 Mission sL Apply 844 Capp st.
'11 Ci FOLKTH~SMALLS'iO RE WITH ROOM
*±XO in rear: low rent. Apply to G.H. UMBSEN
A Co., 14 Montgomery st.
ARBER-sHOP. WITH BATHS: FlSTAB-
llshed 16 years: $18 per month; key at 539
Second st. . ■■. -■'■ - ■ : - - '7 ' = .:
1 aipenter-xhop; $7 per month. 6 Le Boom St.;
key at 539 Se' ond st. ■ y-'i'---^-
Plumbing-shop; $_ per month. 3 De Boom su:
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store," 531 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 639 second st. ■ . . ■7 .
AT LOW RENT— PART STORE ASD
-TV. bit-em. nt. 324 Poet! St. 7 -.'-'..'
OFFICES TO IF.T.
E"~LKOASiXX~IT\JI^^ S H iTB~"'trTfN'N"Y
offices lor doctors or dentists; central. 4-6
Sutlers;. '..-,, '.',, ... ■ - -■
1 fillW MARKET— ELEGANT SUNNY UN^
X«JUCfurnis;ied officeststiitable doctor or dentist
DESK m , WITH FULL USE OF OFFICE
*xJ rent $5. Apply 50 X* amy st., room 8.
-uC&iCAL l>SAilLJlis.AiS.
"T~liE YOU COrTrEM PLATING THE PUR-
Jt\. chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con. aln
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash. Instalments or rent
• ontract plan: we are selling some piano* for S3.
$4 an t $5 per mouth; beautiful new uprights lor
$6, $7, $-<, 59 and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than' the above amounts; all
purchasers of vi right pianos from us have 'the
'privilege of exchanging same for a Stelnxvay any
lime within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., repre-
sentatives of Stein wuy& Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter sts., San F'lancisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.; Seattle. Wash.
W; X HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
' ' the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
• elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
Just received: it is impossible 10 make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
aaonts for Ivers A Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld, Hay nes and Singer piauos. J. T.
BOWERS <fe SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND L A RGBS
house west of I hlcago is KOHLER I A
CHASE'S, 26, 2S and SO O'F'arreli st: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and. prices: terms eisy: prices lowed;
everything possible oono 10 please bud satisfy <.ua
customer. .
« CTUALLY THIS BEST BARGAINS IN IT-
-fr anos: see our list lor this week; pianos on $1.
$4. $6, $6, $7, SH, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments: tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CcL
talesrooius 933 Market St.. opp. Mason. :
AINEsAbUsII A GERTS ANT) KNABE Pl-
anos: ?»t our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor 10 A. L BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
PIANO- s .i.D, RENTED, TUNED, RE*-"
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
ihat! any other , firm 1:1 tne ilty. J.HARRY
SCOTT.' S26 Hayes st.
BARGAIN — FINE ~l HICKERINcI $TOO.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister sL, next Hibernia
Bank. .
~\ DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUsT SELL.
.f\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
L INE SQUARE, $6b\ "sIX I WAY OR
1 Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
S~~ Q DAK I i WEBER PIANO IN GOOD CONDI-
-tlon tor sale cheap. 102 Taylor St.
<r.(lix A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
«Jl)t/U. condition; stall tuts. 221 Leavenworth.
T.MNE STEIN CHEAP FOR CASH.
X Boom 10, 809 MarKet St.
ALMOST NFW HARDMAN PIANO; must
be sold. boom 10, Flood building.
A SHAW, STEIN WAX $250, C'hTi "KKRTNO
$185; great bargalnsts4 mo. HEINE.I 36 Ellis.
_!-, I -/r~l) r-CKi-.lt BROS.': IN GOOD ORDER.
5) 1 o\l. BRUENN'S piano home, 228 Post.
AGNIFICEN"tVi WAV UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nets
,' li. BADGE 11. SO i.E A'- ENT FOR HALLE 1'
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON MAI ZY, 308 PobT ST. sOHMER,
Newby it Evans, Krigss and other pianos.
y UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DOLLAR A WEUiK ON RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 E'.lis st.
p HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, posi-
ng free. ■ .
LOU »ALF-MiSC_LL.IN-Ols.
9 DOZEN THOROUGHBRED LAYING HENS
0 for sale; cheap. 2904 1 wenty-ihird st.
LA S BACK. HAFS, .MlKhOrt.s. sUOw-
l-> cases, i-ounters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures', new and
second hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-10-1-1023
Mission 3-, above Sixth. - , •»• '
OILF"R.?.F'NGiNES,-.iD-HAND MACHINERY
l> '■vater-plpes. Mcintosh & Wolpman. 137 Ke.-.10.
ARS, SCALES. MIRROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bough sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
VATIU NAL CASH KEi.IsTER, GOOD OR-
1' der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Missions'.
C-.OFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
> stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ON ARCH BLUE F'LAMFJ HEATERS ARK
tbe best. W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California
. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
' ' ing. etc.. 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market s-
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rate*. 'Mb Fourths-
--EiJICAL.
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services 10 .h.- 11:1-
-fortunate. \x i.li a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease iv the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a feet cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist yon. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No cbsb peculiar
to your delic- te organism Is be x- ond his suie con-
trol. His female montuly remedies are sure aud
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost- manhood are never-failnig'in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others i . cure of private diseases.
Over 50 -ears of practice enables htm 10 warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
Ni. xV REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what lh» cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well; travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; bours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7to 8 p. m.
_ PROCESS THAT "NEVER FAILS TO RE-
j\- store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medlcinos
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience:' every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DH. DALEY, li2i
Market St., over the Owl Dru. Store.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day.can be
sent and used 111 boms; all .uses guaranteed; do
not trust Incompetent female physic ans. DR.
POPPER, the we. l-k. 1 own pioneer, 318 Kearny st.
DR. FOULE'PS FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects: taken In time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
scut free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home; separate rooms before and dur-
ing confinement; all female c uuplainls skillfully
treated; regular physician; quick relief for travel-
ers: best care: terms moderate; consult free; pills
$2. Tel. Sutler 1181.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
re -tored In a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers; home in confine-
ment: consult free: confidential: hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR.. WYETH. 916 Post St.. near Larkln.
-|-\RS. iiOuDWIN, SPECIALIST:" LADIES,
XJ near or far, safe, ■ quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis: toxv tees: self cure. 904 McAllisters*.
LPEAi'S FRENCH P'LLs— A BOON TO
ladles with female "troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. o. D. ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
SURE CURE FOR ALL F'cMALE . DlS-
eases, from whatever cause: borne in confine-
men*. : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. -R.UWYKR, 2.6 Turk si
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JokDaN AT
U bis museum. 1061 Market st. his 30 years
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment.;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. y -.** ■■-.'
fl_ P.AA PAID FOR A CAsF; 1 FA IL TO CURE
O'IUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI,3-'5 Geary
\TICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
-Li at the most reasonable price In the city. MRS.
M. PFEIFF'F-R, midwife, 2012 Folsom st. *
DU PRAK's FEMALE RKGULAT ING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS A CO.,drugglsts, 406 Clay st.,solo agts.
0 F. LYINCj-IN (PKIVATi ) HOME; DIS.
O. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FTJNKK.T4I6 Eighth St.. Alameda.
1 . IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl-EASK
J. see MRS. FUE'TZ and becontent. '-b'.i -;, 4th.
I .K. MALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. N CAR
I ' Jones. Diseases or. women and children.'
y ( " ' ; BICYCLE*. -
ETTTIURtVBRA > NirNE^
In sicond-iiuml xvhee b. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, -6 Geary •%■
d_l A- SWELL SPECIAL CLEVELAND IN
, -pIOU. perfect condition for #60. 405 Geary.
: . .'-,-"-'- ■:*'.'.-'
rmSOSAT.t. :
A OU ABE NERVOUS! '
X Of course, you are; you haven't slept for a
week— you have taken everything for relief, bin
none is vouchsafed you, when right at your door
is theonly lemedy for your trouble— DH. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
They never fail— always • < u.-e. Go to-day to 1533
BUCHANAN st., and sleep to-night.
AINTING, WiTT TEEING, PAPERING,
etc. ; times are bat d- must have work. F\ ED-
WARDS, 1200 Websierst.. cor. Eddy.
METROPOLITAN DF?TECTI\ E BUREAU.
Pair it building (over Emporium): offices
640 and 541; phone. Mini 1471: hours 9 a. m. to
12 P. K. y - :
rnwo WILLOW BASKFJTS ADDRESSED TO
X 3JO sansome st. lef for delivery; owner please
inquire 1200 e-tockton sL
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private, no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market
IS FIN I'D YOUNG WIDOW WISHES TO
meet gentleman, past 40, who would assist
her: obi.ct matrimony; no fritters.- MRS. R. 1..
box 67, Call office.
IfISTA LUSHED YlN'' IIAIRDRESSING
J and stationery store, well located, for sale,
cheap, on account of sickness. J , box 18, Call.
PAINTING AND TINTING: FURNITURE
X polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad-
dress 122 Broad st., station L.
1 f\iif\ CARDS," $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
L\J\J\J Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22Va Geary st.
"Vf ASSAGE AND MAGNETIC, HEALING:
li- ladies only; one treatment free. 41-7 Octavia.
G~ ET RID OF YOUR CATARRH BY USING
GENE'S Catarrh Cube. 1533 Buchanan s".
iii- I A DOZEN— FINE CABIN -.To A 4.' »iv
«J)X son's nailery. 1023 Market.
RSI THOMPSON, HAIRDRFB>ER AND
manicure. 7 Powell St., room 14.
ft ET A SHAVF: A I THE LADIES' BARBER-
vjI shop, 757 a Howard st.. near Fourth.
T MAKE SWITCHES FOR $1; OUT OF YOUR
X own hair for 75c. I will dress your hair, any
style or to suit the face, for 25c; shampoo and
plain hair-dressing, 50c. I restore gray or bleached
hair to natural co.'.r with perfectly harmless
preparation, $1 bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton St., nearest Geary. .-'.-'•'
1 THE PEOPLE'S O.NE DOLLAR MEDICA&
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029L 2 Mark* at.,
wu Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal.
-1.17 MONTGOMERY* ST., BRANCH OFFKE
OA I of The Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
■PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF .MAG \ZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Illustrations -.urn-shed
for magazines, nevsr.ai.ers, etc.
\\ ILL GENTLEMAN WHO found PARROT
>' pleaseleave address at 1215 Uniou st-
RTISTIC IIAiKHKKs>IXH, 25c; $25 FoR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market St., room 28.
rpHE AN'IMATOSCOPF, THE -PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address A nimatoscope Company,
933 Market su, San Francisco, seventh floor.
1 ,R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d 1!., r. 1-.03.
UPTURE AND FILLS CURED: No Pa V
until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN*
FIELD A FORTKR-TFILD. 838 Market st.
M AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
il chine; uses the kinetoscope films; price $250. "
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. \
BURNETT'S CORN" CURE— oL'RE CURE FOR
XJ corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
QUITS CLEANED. r'KhaSKU, $1; REPAIRS
Odyeing done. 31 Montgomery, r.j (5. tel. red '-'37 A '
X\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
»' Ing, painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
yourown pnee. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster sL
IG OUTDOOR STFJREOPTTCON SHOW FJVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
J'^Ll-.CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
X Winchester House. 44 Third sU, nr. Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-REDS AND ITL-
lows filled. Mcc; ABE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
T\IVOP.Cr, AND ANNULMENT OF MAiU
XJ rlage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where.* Address lock box F, 906 Market st., S. F\
I)AZOR F.XCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
XV ment: line edge put on razor for 25 cents.
LOAKS, FURS AND SUITS i.ET'AILFJD At
) wholesal* prices. Factory. 20 Sansome si.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, FJngllsh branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
Y'RFJS'. THE LEA DINT-. college, Sii
Montgomery St.; Individual Instruction 10
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $50- lew rates per week and mo.
ADY TEAC PIANO AND MANDOLIN
thoroughly: 50c a lesson; excellent pianist and
accompanist, entertainments, parties. 1209 Octavia
UOKEF'F.FINO THOROUGHLY IN tt WEEKS
or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 2517% CALl-
fornia — Vocal music, piano and elocution;
practical acting; vocal classes. $1 per month.
1 ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS; FJNO-
i lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'F'arreli St.
OTIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O College, 723 Market st. ; students trained: office
situations secured lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NGiNEEIUNU SCHOOL; MECH.. ELLC-,
X civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taughi.;es.lB64. A. VAN DER NAILLF-N.723 Mkt
ELA-sCO's. LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I I Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsal
en Flag*. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F\ block. 7th and Mir,
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; $5 mo. 305 Larkln, r. 105; p m.
piANO, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR LESSONS
X given; 50c. 125 Tenth St.
TNCiINC'; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
"»/ OICE, DRAMA, ORATORY': PRIVATE AND
V class. Prof.ROss, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to S
ROF. L. RANKIN— VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X mandola ;terms reasonable. 225Geary, nr.Powell
/I LTIAR, MANDOLIN, PiANO AND V'UCi-
IJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR.
J) day A*, night: no classes: $5 montb. 845 Mission.
T\JIGHTSCUoOL;HEALD'SBUS.COLLEC9E;2i
li Post tconimercial.shorthand.Flnglishtlow rates.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MM K. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVF'AL-
er by eggs and bards: tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post sU, nr Larkln."
Mme. portf:r. wonderful CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader, born with double veil and -se-
cond sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life read-
ing: ladies, 60c: gents,' fl; palmistry and clair-
voyant sittings, $1 CO. 126 Turk si. near Jones.
ISS VAN DE VERF, THE MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed: future
precisely foretold; i.'iines located; business and
love affairs a specialty; magnetist; Tetters an-
swered. Room 1, 1 Fifth st.
ME. YOCNC'S .CONVINCING TEST
circle to-night, lOc. Oriental Hall, 418 Mc-
Allister st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given ; 25c up.sF'ourth
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and mediuminclty: fee 26c up. 764 Howard St.
ISS M LV I N A , CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
future husband or wife, 60c. 76_i_ Howard.
T'ORTUNE-STOID BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truths. 1635 Hyde st.
M M. MABEL WOODS, MAGNETIC WON-
der, cardreader; charms. Room 8, 207 Post.
MX. YANSON, CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
netlc healer. 1 Fifth at., room 22.
MX WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS; LAj
dies. 26c: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
, PSY LIFE -LEADER REMOVED TO 3
Ci, _ PSY LIFE- LEADER REMOVED TO 3
I Seventh st , nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
ME. LEN FJMAR — FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets. 815 Mission St., room 2; walk In.
MX. LEGF.TTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. HANS KN. PALMIST, CARi-READFIR;
past, present and future; 26c. 148 Oth si., r. 5.
R-. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant In the city. Residence 132 Tnrk st.
RRIVF.D — MEDIUMISTIC AND CARD-
readlng marvel of the age;2sc up.i Polk sL.rl4
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures glventladles 25c: 914 O'Farrell.
MF- RUTH HARRISON OF N. V., MAG-
hea er; card-reader. B. 17, 109 a Powell.
MAIiIPUALIS-l.
MB. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL TRANCE MED--
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
000. MCALLISTER— MRS. C. 7. MEYER;
OAK) test meetings every night. 10c- Tne.. Wed.,
F'ru, 2 p.m.; trance Sat. dtMon.eve 25c; bus-sigs
US. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test . medium and . Ufa reader. 218
Stockton st. _J . . '
MRS. FULTON; MATFJRIALIZING SEANCE
to-night; 50c: sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
R. HANSEN'S PUBLIC TEST CIRCLE TO-
nign , 10c: sittings, evngs, 7to 9. 107 Fifth.
A 1 BS. ELLIS, MEDIUM: SITTTNGS.9 To B, $1:
li circles Tues., Frl.. 2P. M., 26c. 233 Valencia.
AM. Francis; INDEPENDENT SLATE
■ writer 1 18 llnl-h' st : hours 9 until 6 P M.
HYPNOTISM. "'■.'■ . r
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
success grtd.llypnoticMesmerlclus.B O'Farreil
. CITY 'REAL ESTATE. ; y''v;'.
CC. BE MIS, • !y
. REAL estate AND land agent,
; y v y , 324 MONTGOMERY st.
. y 'FOR SALE. . yyl
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
$•450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feeL
56700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
In^ the Presidio and bay.
$.00 J— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. * • ' ■
$8500— Fil egant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
liarsain— s\V. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
<J_ -tlin SMALL HOUGH COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
t^OiJtJ. Ib Berkeley; lot 34x100: $50 down, $10
monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY. 20 Monteomery.
ffij I *)lil\ CASH; IMPROVED REAL eT
sJpxA\J\l tate, yielding 10 per cent net; never
vacant. H.. 1518 Turk St., city.
TOR .-ALE ON EASY TE RMS— M O DE R N
x houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.: house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, bllllard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every mum;
see them to-day. Take Uaightor Ellis street car,
tel off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
d_4f WWk FOR .-ALFJ OR EXCHANGE
»iP"tUv/v/. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and ' bath : high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lots'-xl6o.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., V
14 Montgomery st,
—————————————— _______ — W^^ — *■—■_— —^M
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
UOR RENT-29-ACF.E FRUIT ORCHARD IN'
x p acer County: 2000 peach trees- 300 pear;
ICOO grapevine**: a good chance for proper per-
son. L. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
TTF.NTTON — \V EH A YE S3 ACRES CHOICE
land near P!ea*anton tbat must be sold at
once; product last year 700 sacks o. barley and 6o
tons of hay: all femed; 4 flowing ring-; owner
will take $S0 per acre if taken immediately. 67
Chronicle building.
il\'\f\ 4 ACRES; NICELY IMPROVED:
AO\)\J. inside city limits- GEORGE C.
YOUNG, I'eta itma.
1~ pLFJOANT VINEYARD; W<• U L D EX-
J change; rare bargain. Room 70, Columbian
building.
<J_Q/-i iifNl 10U0 ACRES RICH VALLEY
•*3pOl7.v>Ul'. land in best buy county, at sta-
tion, with grain warehouse: 600 acres bowed to
wheat: easy terms. W. D. HOLCOM «_ CO., 612
California st.
CIHICICF.N-RANCH OF 'iVs ACRES OF LAND:
> house of 6 rooms, with base-rant: well and
barn; horse, cow, pigs, chickens, wagon, plow and
everything comptete; cheap. Apply C. S., 617
Sacramento st.
DA.M'll BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
-Itacrfs timber: plenty wat>r; excellent stock
ranch: best par: of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Oilice.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy 11. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San ran Isco, Cal.
I I'lT_- .-IU-IES. CLO.-ii' 'VO TOWN. lip
J J proved: easy terms: also 4io 12 acre piecei
en 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Souuuia
City: every Monday at 632 MarKet at- S. P. '.'. .!
ftH FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
' age free. ■ -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND LEAL ESTATE.
(jJOrinn A COMPLETELY FURNISHED
OUUI/. cottage, 6 rooms, bath. 10-foot base-
ment; mill and tank: with lot 53x136; all street
work done, and very nicely located; one block to
s.ation: owner going i.ast. Apply early to
ALDEN A CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
(*]•» 7**; TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
rjp • O lots In the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacitic
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to evil buyers. Apply to
C -L TV. NELL, owner, tyl&i/ 3 Washington sl,
Oakland. CaL
SALL— OYSTER AND TAMALE GitOl-
X to, cheap. 817 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN-10 PER CENT NiiT ON
money: 2 blocks to local; 2 houses; $2000
cash; rent for .$2B per month: must seP. Address
WM. P. TODD. 1002 Broadway Oakland.
L ILBERTSI.. OAKLAND: 8-ROOM HOUSE;
X large lot ; buildings alone cost $4000: for sale,
$2100; great bargain. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
iy; I -X A LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
s^xOKJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only 81 down
end $1 a week; selling fast: cood improvements.
11. B. ITNNF'Y owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
It:-. ii.i. > KEAL ESTATE.
■VTEW 5-ROOM COTTAGE: MANTEL, BATH,
-Li pantry, laundry; hot and cold water, stable,
ch.cki n-house: fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
stntiori: lot 40x100: $1500. W. C. MORAN,
Lorin. or F\ BOKGLFJ. Golden Gate.
PKOPEICT- iv EXCHANi.fi.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OP ORCHARD HOMES
fj tor sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON". San .lose.
honey to loan.
H™igh!/y~TucTpkctabll^
place to obtain the most Itberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ffioiui nfirt AT «Va PER CENT ON CITY
•JpOvU." 'UI/ real estate: also Oak: and, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, nndlvided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Wl-TC AND SAVE IN Tr.R_.ST - MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
T*)IKECT O.N YOUR FURNITURE ORPIANO.
XJ no removal no delays; no commissions: low
interest Rra. 63. Donohoe bids. 1170 Market s:.
ffJOO" ||n|tAl' BANK RATES: IsT AND
i$oAO.yJ\JVr 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. M PHY. 628 Marketst.
lA/HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d morigag': any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
RIVA'IE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security :'ow interesL H. 0., box 160, Ca1l Office.
ON FJY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: AN
amonnt. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
Cj-A TO $60,000; LOWEST RATE: IST & iii
«U)»JU mortgage: flat or instlmnt. Dryden. 535 Cal.
DV'ANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEWELRY.ETC
Columbia Loan A ( ollateral Office. 9 i-ratn aye.
PAWNBROKERS.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JBWKLRY'SIL:
verware.pianostlow rates. Natl. Loan,! 33Taylor
H.4HESI' PRICE FA ID FUR CAST OFif
clothing. Cosmopolitan Loan Office. 49 Third.
DENTISTS.
.(t>/T FULL SET OF TEETIT^WORTirSISr
*U7 • . warranted 5 OF 1 extraction free: tillings
• . warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
60c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OSITIVEI.Y PAIN I EXTRACTION.
DR. HARDING. 500 Sutter: tel. main 0375.
HA ANT & CHALPANT, MOVED PROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
CIOL'IU.N DE-nTAL ASSOCIA i lON, 80t> -J.Att-
/ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED AS
I good as can be made: filling $1. DR SIMMS*,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, fcOc; CRoWN
A. bridge work a specialty; plates $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILI* 1443 MARKET ST.. NX.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
LULL SET UK .TKETH." $7: FILLING, 600:
X crowns $3. Pacltic Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
C-FJT OF TEETH WITHOUT 4 A PLATE. DR.
0 H. G. Yonng, 1841 Polk st.
| \R. J. J. LL-W, 1 206 MARK El', i OIL OULDEN
XJ Gate aye.; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
CtROOME "DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, Sl up.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINI-
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O*ParrelUt.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market sl
HOKSES..
2n"HORSES~^OR SALE; ALSO ' WAGONS?
x.\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 827 Sixth sL: anctlon sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DO» LE. Auctioneers.
'IRE EMPORIUM SALES -ARDS, 220 VA.
X lencia su, is the place to go If you want to bnr.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 'o'clock.
til)| SET NEW AND SECOND-HAN i. HAR-
u"v ness: nil kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
trorktiwar; 40 cheap horses. 15th an.l Valencia.
7 'HEAP— PINE HO KSE AND DUMP-CART.
/.Inquire 1232 Vallejo St., near Hyde, In rear.
TiINE 6-YEAR-OLD MARE; SUITABLE FOR
X business or private use. 605 McAllister.
C/\ HFIAi- DRIVING- AAli WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
~ ■ , . LEGAL*. NOTICES. "
IS^OLCTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— THE
copartnership heretofore exis Ing be- ween the
undersigned, under the fir v name of KUI \N,
WAGNER A CO., has this day baen disso ved by
mutual consenL HERMAN KULLMAN,
-•-' JACOB SALZ. :■'
CHARLES WAGNER,
January 14, 1897. CHARLES HART. .
MAKKIAOr LICENSES. "
The following marriage licenses have besn
issued by the County, Clerk's office: .
P.. L Miller and Marion W. .ialbraith, 24—27.
F. Spiller and Dorette Rousseil, .*>.<— 39.
J. R. Padfiela and Florence O. Webb, 28— IR
A. E. Sondag and Catherin-* A. Richer:. 2.1—21.
J. D. M c Donald anil MattieT. 2 1—23.
Anton Ercert and Frl la Held. -7—24.
LIRTHS— MAKRIAfiES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. Ihey must be handed In a*,
either of the publication offices and be indonel
with the name anJ residence of persons authorize!
to have the tame published. J
' BORN.
CRANGLE— In this city, Jannary 6,1897, tothe
wife of E. H. ITa .g c, a sou.
LINDSAV— in Alameda. January 8, 1897, tothe
wife of A R. Lindsay, a sou.
aiAKKIKD.
McDONALD-McDERMOTT— In this city, Janu-
ary 14, 1837. by the Herr. Dr. E. R. Dille,- Joseph
D. McDonald and Mattie T. McDermott, both of
San Prancisco. ~.* '", it'-yi.'-' .''
WILSON- JOHNSTON— this city. January 14,
1817. by the Rev. Dr K. K. Diiie. John H. Wil-
son and Margaret Johnston, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Banks, Maggie E. . . . . Moraihan. M. B.
Burnham. Lucy Murphy, Annie
Carroll. John C, Newsome, Levens W.
Goldsmith, Oliver E. Pem-iaum, Au-ust P.
Hanratty, Annie Bcheering, .Marie
Heiin.-siy, Patrick * Tan man. Rachel
Jones, William H. T.cknor, Vernon V.
Judell. Jacob J. Tietjen, Mabel V.
Kupfer. George A. B. Tit tel, Bernard E.
Lees. Jane A. Welch, Pat
Loudon, Biene Wise, Richard H.
BANKS— In this city, January 14, 1897. Maggie
E. beloved wife of William E. Banks, and only
daughter or Lawrence Cummlngs, a native of
suu Krancisco, aged 28 years 2 months and 4
days. . . 77>". .
jJ-_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attet d the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), nt 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 706 Li; Natoma street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass Will be celebrated for tho
repose of her soul, commencing a, 9 o'clock
.a. m. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BU RNR AM— ln this city, January 14, 1897, Lucy
Burnhara, mother of Mr._ Ju.i.i L. Eckley and
James W. Burnham, a native of Ne.voirv-porl,
Mass, aged 9J* years 9 mouths an.l 22 days.
[Ne ouryport, (Mass.) papers please copy.
tTW **'ini"ral services strictly private. Please
onii. flowers. HFQV E*i_M
CARROLL— In this oltv. January 15, 1837, John
C. nelove.l husband of Ellen < arroil, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 6« years
£-TThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from his lata
residence, 218 Palmer street, tnence to St.
Paul's Church. Tweniy-uluthand Church streets,
lot- services at 2 o'clock p. __ Interment. Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ;: l M<f i'st ,"■
GOLDSMITH- January 15, 1837, Oliver E. Gold-
smith, a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
HANRATTY— In this city, January 14, 1897.
Annie, beloved wife of John Hanratty. and
sisterof Patrick and Joseph Waters and Mrs.
Mary Joyce, a native or the parish Of Louth.
Conntv Louth, Ireland, aged 31 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited io attend I'ie funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 148 Silver street, tbence to St- Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for tne repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. n. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Bg_BnMM|
HENNESSY— In this city, January 14, 1897,
Patrick, beloved husoand or Mary Henne&jy,
atid brother of John Hennessy, and brother-in-
law ot Mrs. John McElroy, a native of Ireland,
agel 64 years.
STS' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited io attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his latn
residence, 607 sixth street, thence to st. Kos-'s
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his s-iul, com-
mencing at 10oclociiA.il. Interment Mount
Calvary Came tery.
JONES-In this city, January 14, 1897, William
IL, beloved son of Lewis L. and Sarah Jones,
and.brotner or Edward H. Jones and Mrs.
Margaret Smith, a native of Baltimore, MJ., aged
33 years 4 months and 10 days, f Pti.adelphla
anu 80-iton papers please copy.J
*StT"i riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the luneral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from nls late
res. deuce, 634 Tennessee streeu Interment
Cypress Lawu Cemetery.
JUDELL— In St. Louis, Mo. January 14, 1897.
a- ob J., brother or B. Judell of Oaklaud, and
cuisiti or 11. L. J uusll of Alameda, aged 67
years and 2 months.
KUPFER— In this city. January 15, 1897. George
Albert Bernhard. dearly beloved and youngest
son or Beinharl and Catherine Frances Kup.er,
and brother of Rose Maria an I Albert Bernhard
I Kupfer. a native of cliiton, fetaten Island, N.Y..
I age I 6 years and 6 months.
£s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
| fnl.y Invited to attenl funeral THIS DAY
i (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resiaenco
of his parents, 31 1 Pixley avenue, near Fillmore
j street. Interment National (Fresldio) Cemetery.
I LEES— Entered into rest, in this city, at her resi-
I dence, 10-"-' Pine Street, Jane Amelia, beloved
I wife of Captain I. W. Le-s. and loved mother of
Mrs. Ernest A. Leigh and Fred W. Lees, a na-
tive of Lancashire," England, aged 67 years 7
months and 13 days. |Palers>n IN. J.) and
Victoria (B. C.) papers please copy.J
X3~Nouce of luneral uereafter.
LONDON— In this city. January 15,1897, Biene,
beloved wife of the late Alex London, and
mother of Henry, Rnsa a id Louis London, a na-
tive of Saxony, Germany, a s ed 69 years and 1
montb.
US' Friends and acquaintances are respect--
ful.y invited toattend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock A. M., from her late
residence. 38 Clara street. Interment Home of
' -ace Cemetery, by 1 1:30 o'clock a.m. train from
Third and TownseuJ streets.
MORAGHAN— In thl*. city. January 14, 1897. at
his residence, 431 Thirteenth street, M. 8., be- .
loved husband of Julia A. Moraghan. father of
John, James Elsie. Charles. Eugenic. Frank,
Milton au.i Eugene Moratthan. and brother of
Thomas Moraghan, agel 52 yean and 4 months.
jJS~Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully nvited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m.. from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior LoJge No. 168,
P. ti 1 A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. at the Potrero, January
14, IBfa7. Annie, beloved wife of John Murphy,
mother of Jeremiaa Murphy, and slsterof Mrs.
Eugene Sullivan and limothy Horigan. a na-
tive of the parish of Kilmichael, County Cork,
Ireland, uiel 21 years.
jg_TFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
ful, v invited to ait-nd the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. IOOSVa Twenty-second sireet, thence to
St. Teresa's church, Tennessee street, where a
requiem high mass will he celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8:15 O'clocic
a. JL Interment Holy cross Cemetery.
NEWSOME— In Oakland, January 15, 1897, Lev-
ens W. Newsome, a native of Ireland, aged 83
years.
PALMBAUM— In Oakland, January 15. 1897,
Rachel, beloved daughter of Joseph and Hannah
Palmbaum, aged 2 years and 6 months. *■-; <■:,..
SCHEERING— In this city, January IA 1897.
Marie, youngest and beloved daughterof Nic
and Carrie Scheering, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 9 uiou'.uj and 25 days.
TAUBMAN— 14, 1897. August P.. be-
loved husband of Sophie Taubman, an.l father of
Doris and Christine Taubman, a native of san
Francisco, aged '.-.7 years and 10 month*.
e_f-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. M . from the residence
of his mother, Mrs. Henry L eh rke, 602 Minne-
sota street. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TICKNOR— this city. January 16. 1897. Ver-
non Vincent, dearly beloved and younger son
of Ernest C. and Annie T. Ticknor. a native or
San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 17
days. [Milwaukee (Wis.) and Fen ton (Mich.)
papers iTease copy.]
jJ_TF"uneral and interment private. .
TIETJEN— In this city, January 14. 1897. Mabel
Virginli, youngest and beloved daughter of
George H. and Lizzie Tietjen. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 8 days.
TITTEL— In this cltr. Januar* 15, 1897. Bernard
Ernest, beloved husband of Josie Tittel. and father
of Mrs. Sophia Slattery. JoiephTlttel, Mrs. Ag<ie
Burnett, Mrs. Tillie Keitoa and the late Mrs.
Au;usta >chuppert, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 7 months and 5 days.
83" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 126 Julian avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Mission and Valencia streets,
tbence to St. Boniface Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Masonio Cemetery.
WELCH— In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary 14, 1897, Pat Welch, aged 33 years.
WISE— In Oakland. January 15, 1897,' Richard
j H.. beloved husband of Kate S. v Ise, and father
of Clark, R. A. and R. H. Wise Jr.. a native of
Kentucky, aged 58 years 7 months and 27 days.
1 NIC A VOY _- CALLACHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KB.-*,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
f.'.'.y Telephone 3080.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p als and graves In Its cemetery and
give deeds. -JSteHWI
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintend em's office at the cemetery, corner
Bush i-tn-ei and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST OEM
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no seas* ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Otlice VV7 Maxatf
[ ttreei, noutheaat corner »' oiiua
1314
HE FOUND GOLD
WITH A PICK
Freight Agent Luce Strikes
a Fortune for the Other
Fellows.
The Randsburg Extension Will
Not Be Built Now by the
Southern Pacific.
A Ledge of Rich Ore Uncovered by
Two Railrocd Officials While
Digging for Fun.
G. W. Luce, assistant ' general freight
agent of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, found a fortune down at Rands
burgthe other day. He jabbed the point
of a pickjinto a ledge ricb with gold. The
only element of sadness about the whole
matter among Mr. Luce's friends is that the
ledge and the fortune belong to others.
Mr. Luce and A. D. Shepard, assistant
freight and passenger.agent of the South
ern Pacific, with headquarters at Los An
geles, made a trip into Randsburg and the
mining section of that vicinity to mate an
investigation into the volume of freight
and passenger business that could be done
by the proposed extension of the railroad
to Randsburg.
In connection with the gold story it also
develops that the extension to Randsburg
will not be built immediately. The result
of the trip of H. L. Huntington and other
officials to the mining section is under
stood to have been tbat while they re
ceived a very favorable impression as to
the mineral resources and possibilities of
the section they prefer to wait till greater
age and permanency has settled in the re
gion before building a railroad there. And
that means that the extension for the
present will not be proceeded with. It is
also thought that the defeat of the fund
ing bill has put a damper in general on
Southern Pacific construction work.
But to return to the story of the Luce
ledge. Two prominent mine-owners,
Messrs. Langdon and Hanson, own a
claim, which adjoins the Kinyon claim
on the south. Considerable work bad
baen done on it in the way of hunting for
a ledge which was supposed to be hidden
somewhere beneath the surface, but with
out success.
Messrs. Langdon and Hanson bad de
cided to abandon the claim, and, in fact,
had already carted away some of the tools
and supplies.
Messrs. Luce and Shepard were up that
way one day with one of the owners of
the claim. Mr. Luce saw a hole in the
ground and a few rusty picks and shovels
lying around. Ordinarily a hole in the
ground possesses no a.tractions for any
body, but in some mysterious and unac
countable manner the assistant general
Ireight agent from San Fiaucisco was
seized with an irresistible desire to dig. j
He threw off bis coat, seized a long-dis
used pick, jumped down into tbe hole and
went to work with an energy that was a
fine example for any section-hand be
tween Portland and Galveston.
"Here, Shepard." said Luce, "get hold
of a shovel and scoop 'er out."
Soon Shepard and Luce were both hard
at work tearing ud the earth and hurling
it aside to the four winds. It is not often
any Southern Pacific official gets entirely
in a hole outsiae of Washington, D. C,
but in this instance these two were in it
with both feet.
They had been at work about fifteen
minutes when chug! went the Lucenian
pick into something awful hard.
"I've struck something," shouted Luce,
'ascertain as the Valley road is no toy
railroad." He resumed work with re
doubled vigor.
Shepard thr»w out th* earth in all direc
tions. A rat terrier working at both ends
wasn't in it with him.
In a few more minutes a fine ledge one
foot in diameter was uncovered. The ore
has been assayed and it runs $S4 84 to the
ten in gold. It was not till they heard of
the result of the assay that Messrs. Luce
and Shepard began to perspire. It was
the beginning f f the vein that they struct,
and as a rule the ledge gets richer further
in.
It was a lucky strike. It is said Lang
don and Hanson are going to give Luce
and Shepard a big ( interest in the claim,
but this bas not been corroborated.
"I picked up that pick and began to dig
just for fun," said Mr. Luce yesterday
afternoon when asked about the story. "I
had no idea of striking anything. I was
astonished at the result and so were the
owners of the mine."
VIOTOEY BATEMAN DENIES.
She Says No 111 Feeling Exists Between
Herself unci Manager Kyle.
Miss Victory Bateman, with eyebrows
arched and accent expressive of surprise,
takes occasion to deny that any ill feeling
exists between herself and Manager Kyle
on account of her failing health or resig
nation.
"There was a misunderstanding," she
said, "but, gracious, it didn't last twenty
four hours. Mr. Morosco has acted beau
tifully, releasing me from my six months'
. NEW TO-DAT.
-
$ rSP____^^_rl___--r ________ t
st {m^^^mr a\m£ mt^bmdtm 5
J The absolutely pure 5
I BAKING POWDER I
i R OVA L— the most celebrated of all 5
a) the baking powders in the world— eel- t
5 ebrated for its great _^j^.h."uv>^ 5
* i . ,*■* -S__r^«-iie»j,sB_4 s
a) leavening strength and __ft£N2ib£g__ #
J purity. It makes your K^^fflS 2
J cakes, biscuit, bread, jjF^ffflyi 4
4 etc., healthful, it assures j I /^.faMl J
J you against alum and all w Kj-fft M 5
4 forms of adulteration $h|_^^lgf|jl 4
J that go with the cheap ' '«_lb*__^ __•_■■ x
J that go with the cheap Sj^U ™_jJB i
J,^^- HOVAI BAKING MWOtrt CO., NEW YORK. #
contract without any; trouble. I bate to
have to give up, for 1 love San Francisco
dearly, but I hope to come back again
some time. * ' ; •;
"No, 1 have not made any definite ar
rangements for the future, but I am con
sidering three offers— one from Phila
delphia, another from Boston, where I
played lait, and I have always a standing
offer from Salt Lake City."
Morosco has not yet decided who will
succeed Miss Bateman as leading lady at
the theater.
BUSH STREET WILL BOOM.
Only Waiting for a Supreme Court De
cision to Make Substantial
Progress.
The property-owners and residents on
Bush street, from Kearny west to Van
I Ness avenue, are anxiously waiting to hear
J Irom the Supreme Court in the case which
I will decide the legality of the franchise
under which the Sutter-street Railroad
Company has operated its ghost-car ser
vice for a number of years.
The lower court lound there was no
franchise within the meaning of the law.
From this decision the company took an
| appeal.
A. S. Baldwin, who is the agent for the
Macdonough Estate Company, said yes
terday: "I am not the only one on the
line of this street anxiously waiting a de
! cision from tne Supreme Court. When
I that comes, and just as soon as we know
. that the Sutter-street Railroad Company
| must remove its tracks, a club will be
; formed and the street will be improved.
"There are sufficient public-spirited cit
izens owning properly on its line to make
a move just as soon as ihey find that there
will no longer be a horsecar there.
"The estate which I represent has footed
all the bills and engaged tbe le^al talent
jto test the matter in court. Until the case
' is decided there is no use in forming a
| club, as all we could do would be to patch
I up both sides of the street, leaving the cen
ter in precisely the same condition as it
now is."
Others interested in the improvement of
the street expressed themselves similarly.
I All appreciate the support which The
! Call bas shown for the betterment of the
j street.
The following are the names of the
! property-owners from Kearny to Powell
| streets:
I The estate of H. W. Hyman; S. 11. Seymour,
I formerly of the Russ House; the estate oi
Macdonough Company, which is the property
; of the California Hotel ; Fitel Philips, Mary F.
j Brunnoa, Hannah Keeslng, the feed Men's
j Hall, Folora Caro, H. \Y. Newbaur & L. Auer
bach, Winslow Hall, French Catholic Church.
: Marrino Cftno, Joseph Brandenstein, J. A. K.
j Coleman, \V. Mailer, Joseph Rich, Mary F.
j Ryer; estate of David Hunter, Emily Collins,
! I. C. Moore, \V. \V. Thompson, Mary A. Crofoot,
I Joseph Ross, public schoolhouse, Henrietta
| Hug, Mary Breha, F. K. Short, G. M. Cootcs,
! Mary W. Newman, Joseph G. Feghl, Mary W.
' Newman, William Levistdn, Susan Hilton,
j James Neill, John O. F.eis, Fred Semme; es
tate of J. C. Johnson, Mark Tabelman, Cor-
I nelia B. Stanley, C. R. Bishop, C. F. Schem
! mcl and C. C. Fargo.
The executive committee of the Carni
, val of the Golden Gate held a meeting last
night at the California Hotel. General
Warlield called the meeting to order and
asked Jud^e Babrs to preside. S. H.
Friedlander submitted a programme for
the carnival. Colonel John O'Byrne,
1 chairman of the finance committee, said
! the large mercantile interests of the City
i were lully in accord with the carnival.
Colonel T. H. Goodman said the Southern
i Pacific would aid it. J. H. Filcher ex
' pressed the opinion that the country pa
pers would help all they could. Others
1 spoke in a similar rein.
The programme as submittad was elab
orate. It provided for morning, afternoon
! and night entertainments. There is be an
opening day, a California day, a college
I night, a bicycle day, a floral day, a grand
I battle of flowers, school children's day
; and naval day. The opening day is pro
grammed as follows:
I Arrival of King Carnival, accompanied by
; the Empress of California, and the Queen of
I San Francisco, with a grand military escort of
! regulars, civic societies, National Guard, ml
l dependent companies, Grand Army of the Re
-1 public, League of the Cross, Boys' Brigade and
Naval Battalion, grand coronation by Mayor
j of San Francisco, grand electrical and pyro
technical illumination of public and private
buildings.
On the last day tbe following is to take
• place:
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL.
An Elaborate Progamme Sub
mitted at Last Night's
Meeting.
Addresses of Different Persons in
Regard to What Is Necessary
to Make It Succeed.
Grand naval pageant, consisting of United
States men-of-war and other vessels; sham
naval battle. Regatta of steamers, yachts,
tugs, etc., for the carnival prize cups. King
Misrule dethrones the Queen of San Francisco
and takes possession of the City, and with his
court holds sway throughout the evening.
Grand masquerade carnival ball.
Suicide by Gas.
John Ralston, a barkeeper employed by
Richard Madden at 401 Francisco street, com-
I mitted suicide early yesterday morning in the
I back room of the saloon. When tound he was
I dead and both jets of the gas were open. Mad
; den states that Ralston, was short in his ac
j counts, and he believes that this tact so wor-
I ried the barkeeper that he ended his life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1897.
MRS. DIMOND WILL
FACE HER HUSBAND
She Denies That She Eloped,
and Returns to Hono
lulu To- Day.
Charles Wilson Hastens to the
Home of His Parents at
Seattle.
The Accused Woman Makes Charges
Against Her Husband, Involv
ing Society People Here.
Mrs. W.W. Dimond, wife of a promi
nent Honolulu merchant, will return to
th 6 little island of Oabu on the Coptic to
day. She will fight her husband's divorce
case, deny all allegations of improper con
duct with Charles D. Wilson, who came to
this City about the time she came, and
will make sensational charges against her
husband.
Charles D. Wilson, whose name has
been coupled in an unenviable way with
that of Mrs. Dimond, alarmed and
MRS. W. W. DIMOND of Honolulu, Who Denies That She
Eloped With Charles D. Wilson.
humiliated over the trouble he ha-i caused
the lady, fled the City last night. He took
the evenine train for Portland and may
go as far as Seattle.
■'The story of any improper relations
between Mr. Wilson and me is absolutely
false," said Mrs. Dimond with spirit last
night. "It was set afloat by my. husband,
who served me with divorce papers at
midnight the day before I sailed.
"He says I deser led my child, but the
fact is that the Hawaiian law forbids the
removal of a child during the pendency of
divorce proceedings.. My husband served
me with a writ of habeas corpus for the
child at the same time that divorce papers
were served on me, so I bad to abandon
the trip, for wbich I had secured tickets,
or leave the child. 1 did the latter and
now I shall return and give my husband a
battle for my honor."
Mrs. Dimoud was reluctant to speak of
her troubles in detail, but she Anally said :
"My husband is not himself. My body
was covered with black and blue marks
when I sailed and I came here to get fur
ther evidence against him.
"When this case comes to trial the
names of some swell San Francisco
women will come to light as having
alienated a part of Mr. Dimond's affec
tions from me. It is well known that a
half-Hawaiian woman at Honolulu is in
fatuated with Mr. Dimond."
Mrs. Dimond is in a fighting mood, and
she says she intends to face her husband
and force him to prove or retract every
charge he has made.
The following telegram from the lady's
former home lends color to her story in so
far as it concerns her own movements.
The message is from The Call corre
spondent at Cedar Rapids, and is as fol
lows:
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Jan. 15.— When
Major M. A. Hlgley of this city, the father of
Mrs. W. W. Dimond, who is reported to have
eloped trom Honolulu with Charles Dlllard
Wilson, was shown the dispatch, he denied
there had been an elopement. He asserted
that his daughter came to San Francisco upon
the advice of physicians to recover from the
effect of cruel treatment inflicted upon her by
her husband, who has brought suit for divorce
at Honolulu.
Major Hlgley stated that his daughter had
made answer to the bill with countercharges, i
and would leave to-day by the steamer Coptic
for Honolulu to fight the case. She learned of
the scandalous charges as soon as she arrived
at San Francisco, and accused her husband of
instigating them. Major Hlgley declared she
bad traveled alone.
Mr?. Dimond has made a contract to
sing for two years in the United States.
She will return as soon as she is through
with her domestic troubles.
"Mrs. Dimond has a rich soprano witb
a range of two and a half octaves," said
A. J. Moore of the Orpheum last night,
"and when she gets a start there will
never be any trouble about getting en
gagements with eood companies."
Mrs. Dimond gave the following author
ized statement concerning her affairs yes
terday :
I did not elope with Mr. Wilson or anybody
else. Furthermore, my husband knew of my
proposed departure, as is shown by the fact
that he bad divorce papers prepared to serve
on me just as the steamer was about to sail. '
The story that I paid Mr. Wilson's debts is
also as untrue as the charge that I abandoned
my child. Further evidence that I have no in
tention of deserting Honolulu can be found in
the fact that I will return to the islands on the
steamer Coptic to-morrow, as has been my in
tention right along.
The purpose of my visit here was, as my
*^______ — ■ — — _____M_M______Bl_____M— — -*c.'. ; : -
husband well knows, to secure evidence of his
perfidy, which I have obtained. He knew this
and took advantage of it by suing me for a
divo-ce. •
Mr. Dimond and myselt have not lived hap
pily for a long time, a fact due to his neglect
and cruelty to me. Long ago I learned ot his
unfaithfulness and charged him with numer
ous intrigues which he could not deny.
Finally his conduct away from home became
so notorious that we have practically lived
apart since. .
These facts will be fully set forth and their
truth established when my attorneys, Thurs
ton & Stanley, present my side of the case in
court.
My visit to San Francisco was by suggestion
of my lawyers. 1 had learned that a year ago,
when my husband came hither after his fath
er's funeral, he was guilty of serious conduct.
One ol the intrigues in San Francisco of
wnich I have secured evidence concerns two
young women well Known here and my hus
band's brother as well as himself. I have the
dates and places of these occurrences.
But the most serious charges 1 will be able
to prove against him will involve the names
of several women distinguished by their social
connection in Honolulu. -**!
With the aid of my lawyers I will also fur
nish evidence to ohowlhat lor two years past
my husband has been consorting with a hula
hula dancer on the island.
In fact, I have been quietly securing this
evidence against him for many months. He
finally learned of it, and has tried to antici
pate my civil suit.
Mrs. Dimond says that she and her hus
band were about to separate nearly three
years ago and concluded to patch up their
differences on account of their child.
Until the husband began to drink to great
excess, she says, she intended to remain
with him, and did not leave him until his
conduct became unbearable.
Before he left for the north yesterday
Mr. Wilson made the most positive denial
of any wrongdoing. He said time would
develop the facta in the case, and until
then he would do nothing further than
nut in a general denial. He did not deny
that he had a deep friendship for Mrs.
Dimond. Those who know the parties
well say he has a d<ep infatuation for the
lauy, which she has not reciprocated, and
that this ha 3 caused the notoriety.
Mr. Wilson's parents live at Seattle.
They also deny the story of the elopement,
as the following telegram shows:
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 15.— Mrs. Wilson, ns
also his parents, Captain and Mrs. William E.
Wilson, say they do not believe there is any
truth whatever in the story sent out from
Honolulu to the effect that Charles Dillard
Wilson and Mis. W. W. Dimond had eloped.
Mrs. Wilson was seen at the home of her
parents-in-law, on Mattery street, where she is
stopping, to-night.
Sue says she left Honolulu owing to ill
health, intending to go to Denver, thinking
the climate of that section might do her good,
where she also expected to be joined by her
brother, Richard E. French, manager of Lin
coln J. Carter's Defaulter Company. Finding
upon her arrival, in San Franc sco that her
brother would not reach Denver for some time,
she decided to come on to this city and visit
upon the invitation of her husband's family.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson some days ago received
a letter written by their son irom Honolulu
during the holidays iv which he stated thai
nfter the first of the year he would return
home, it beii.e his intention to accompany his
wife back to Honolulu after she had recovered
her health.
The statement that her husband had ill
treated her or in anywise caused her to sus
pect . him of unfaithfulness, Mrs. Wilson
characterizes as untrue.
In the letter to his parents Wilson an
nounced that he would return home via one
of the Canadian Pacific steamers, and that be
haa been prevented from making an earlier
departure by the fact that his employers had
requested him to delay the trip until after
New Year's.
For some time Wilson, who was born in this
city, was an accountant in the offices of the
Oregon Improvement Company. He bore a
good reputation here and his family is highly
respected.
AEMAND OAILLEAU
Has Captured the Town.
Since the announcement of the closing
out sale of cloaks and suits Mr. Cailleau,
corner Geary and Grant avenue, has sold
more goods than all other cloak houses in
this City, but it is no wonder when $25
capes have gone at $5, $25 jackets at $6 50,
$10 dresses at $2 50. Out of the $125 000
stock there is yet $50,003 to be sold. *
Mrs. Pelt Has Resigned.
Mrs. Ada Henry Van Pelt, in order to fill
numerous lecture engagements, has -resigned
her position as editor of the Pacific Ensign.
Mrs. Van Pelt has held this position for six
years, and under her management has made
the Ensign a pioneer : in reform work. The
paper is an eight-page weekly, the official
organ of the W. C. T. U. of California. Mrs.
Van Pelt has hnd entire charge of its columns,
and has done most of the writing for it. The
Ensign, notwithstanding the depressed times,
has steadily grown in favor, until now its
circulation is larger than at any previous
time. Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster has been
elected by the Pacific Ensign Company to fill
the vacancy made by the resignation of Mrs.
Van Pelt. .„ -y.
The Young Men' a Service.
To-morrow : afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev.
James R. Knodell of Los Angeles will deliver
the nddress before the mass-meeting of young
men at the Christian Association building,
Mason and Ellis streets. The service will be
free to nil young men, to whom au earnest
invitation is extended.
Juror Armstrong Drunk in Court.
Andrew Armstrong, a juror in the case of
Alfred Albrecht, accused of perjury, appeared
in Judge Cook's court/yesterday in an intoxi
cated condition. Armstrong was sent to jail
for two days for contempt of court.
i Jewelry store, 6to 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street, !
HER HOME IS
YET A PRISON
Plight of Mrs. Louise
Worthing ton's Little
Baby Girl.
The Mother Goes to San Quentin,
Where the Child Can
rot Be Taken.
Sheriff Whelan in a Quandary as to
What He Shall Now Do With
the Tiny Waif.
A tiny waif of three years trot 3 blithly
about the corridors and rooms of County
Jail No. 3, practically without parents and
without home except for the roof that
now covers her.
The little one is the daughter of Mrs.
Louisa Worthington, woo has twice been
convicted of the murder of Harry Badde
ley, and who began her twenty- live years'
sentence at San Quentin yesterday.
The baby, who bears the name of Ellen
Worthington, was born since Mrs. Worth
ington was incarcerated for the shooting
of htr lover,. and has been with her during
the years she has been under the Sheriff's
charge awaiting or rgoing trial.
Now the mother has been taken away
to pay the penalty of the law and Sheriff
Whelan is in a quandary as to what to do
with the baby. The husband of Mrs.
Worthington is caring for the other two
children that were born to his wife pre
vious to the tragedy and, being in poor
circumstances, it is not thought that he
could support the additional burden of
the third child.
The authorities at the jail have become
very muc i attached to lue little one, who
is said to be exceptionally bright, and are
loth to part with her, but they realize that
the institution is no place for her.
She cannot be cared lor at San Quentin,
and the Sheriff does not wish to place her
in a charitable institution. It is hoped
that some family who will give the baby
a good home will adopt her, so she can
be brought up without the knowledge of
her birth almost in tbe shadow of the
gallows.
Meanwhile she plays about and sings
her baby songs totally unaware of her
mother's terrible fate.
Mrs. Worthington's removal to San
Quentin was accomplished in a very quiet
manner. She haa frequently threatened
suicide, and the Sheriff was fearful that
she would attempt to carry out her design
if she knew that she was to be taken
"across the bay."
No one knew that her time had come
until a deputy Sheriff called yesterday to
tell her to prepare for the journey.
She exhibited little emotion when
parted from the baby, and accompanied
the deputy with all the apathy that has
characterized her actions since her arrest,
three years ago.
THE CREW WOULDN'T WORK
Seven Men on the Schooner Elsie
Refuse to Go to the Japanese
Sealing Grounds.
Last night about 11 o'clock the revenue
cutter Hartley found the sealing schooner
Elsie of Port Townsend drifting in the
calm about the lower bay trying to reach
an anchorage. The cutter made fast and
towed the vessel over near Black Point
where she was moored and the revenue
steamer returned to her wharf.
Captain Fred Currey of the Elsie stated
to the revenue officers last nignt that his
seven sailors had refused duty a few days
ago, and their action forced him to run
for this port. The Elsie sailed with a
crew of twenty-one from Port Townsend
December 20 tor a year's sealing voyage
I in the North Pacific.
The hunting along this coast was un
successful, snd Captain Currey decided to
run over to the Japan sealing grounds,
and last Wednesday, when be headed
west for the Asiatic waters, the seven saiK
ors refused to handle the vessel.
"They not only refused to turn to," said
the captain, "but they .informed me that
they would not work when they got to the
Japanese grounds, and gave no reason for
their action.
"When they shipped in Port Townsend
they were given au advance, which of
course they spent ashore before we sailed.
The day before, they struck they drew
quite liberally clothing from the slopchest
tothe amount of $275. To fit out the
schooner it has cost me over $3000, and
here lam 1000 miles out of my course. I
suppose I will have to get rid of these
fellows and ship a new crew. They are all
old sealers and knew what they were do
ing when they came aboard the Elsie."
The men on being questioned sullenly
refused to answer or make any explana
tion for their mutinous action. Captain
Currey will lay the matter before the Fed
eral authorities to-day. There seems to
be no reason why they should persist in
refusing to work the schooner.
MAY ROGERS' DOWNFALL.
She Is Accused of Stealing Jewelry
From Her Employer's
■' House.
' The strong hand of the law was laid
heavily upon young May Rogers of 6
Chesley street yesterday afternoon, for
she was placed in the City Prison with a
charge of grand larceny placed opposite
her name on the prison register. About
two weeks ago J. B. Queen, manager of
the California Fig Syrup Company, living
at 436 Buchanan street, wanted a servant
in bis home. Among the applicants was
one more comely and apparently brighter
than the rest. She gave the name of Ruby
Pritchard, and said that she had lived
with her uncle and aunt on Seventh and
Market streets. She obtained the position.
After a few days the family began to
miss a number of small articles. Queen
called upon the Chief of Police and stated
his troubles. Detective Anthony was
started out on the case at once. Before
Anthony reached the house the bird had
flown, and the family found that in* her
last flight she had taken with her a dia
mond bracelet, a pocketbook, a pair of
gloves and several other small articles.
After a long search the detective found
at 314 Green street a girl named Ruby
Pritchard, but she was not the one
wanted. Queen had never seen her before.
However. Miss Ruby had a gijl friend
who had recently been living out, and
who had recently returned to her home
at 6 Chesley street. Her friend's name
was May Rogers. The detective soon had
Miss Rogers in the Chief's office, and
when Queen was called he recognized the
girl at once. The detective went to the
Rogers' house and found some of the
stolen properly, but the diamond bracelet
bad been pawned for $5. , He recovered
the jewel on the pawn ticket. Miss Rogers
was .charged with grand larceny. It is
her first offense so tar as known. Miss
Ruby Pritchard was very indignant that
her friend should have made use of her
name in such a manner.
Fire in a Dwelling.
The alarm from box 49 at 6 o'clock last
evening was for fire caused by a defective
chimney in a frame dwelling occupied, by Mrs.
Alfred Schwartz, 420 Powell street. The
damage amounted to about $25.
REW TO-DAY— DRT GOODS.
CLEARANCi^ALE'
BARGAINS
FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE!
As an extra attraction for the Saturday patrons of our Great
Clearance Sale we this morning offer the following very seasona-
ble lines
AT A SPECIALLY HEAVY SACRIFICE !
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES ! HOSIERY AH UNDERWEAR.
100.000 v.rd, CAMBRIC GUIPURE 10 ?S°TTON HOSE B _t- s^pltSd
?}& Ro .ES!£ffSi2f *' ic ° VA ° 3c i2H»bf SJS-S&l S- . „
a yard, special sale price wv do _ f dye> wo _ th 34 per dozen, on ir.
-:V special sale at... .^..,.. per pair Ivy
150,000 yards CAMBRIC and NAIN- 50doz-n CHILDREN'S CAMEL'S-
SOOK GUIPURE EMBROID- HAIR VESTS, high neck, long
ERY, regular price 10c and 12y_c a £» sleeves, non-shrinking, regular 9:*
yard, special sale price ***> price 50c each, on special sale at., u'JKt
75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RlB-
nun FOYPTIAN COTTON
125,000 yards CAMBRIC and NAIN- FLEECED VESTS Utah neck.
SOOKGUIPUREEMBROIDERY, long sleeves; ankle length drawers
regular price 15c a yard, special Hl ft tQ match, fcorth 50c each, on spe- OK*
saleprice *- V cia l sale at <*•»*>
200,000 yards CAMBRIC. NAIN- CORSETS ! CORSETS !
SOOK'ana SWISS GUIPURE EM- -
BROIDERY, regular price 20c a 1A« 63 dozen LADIES' ENGLISH SA-
yard, special sale price 1"C TEEN CORSETS, extra long
*__j? aist » high bust, two side steels
each side, handsomely embroi-
-175,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAIN- dered with silk flossing and made
SOOK and SWISS GUIPURE EM- with patent loop eyelets, black
BROIDERY, regular price and |K/» and drab, regular price -* 1 50 * «1 Aft
35c a yard, special sale price lvo Clearance sale price. tpi.VV
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
Ml A« I About 35 dozen, the balance of our 25c and 35c TECK AND FOUR-IN-
IUC I HAND SCARFS, some slightly soiled, will be closed out at 10c each,
Ml ni„ 176 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, full finished with double
luoy) I spliced heels and toes, regular price 25c, clearance sale price 1234 c a pair.
MflK A 142 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
OOC I ERS, silk finished and warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 25,
clearance sale price 65c each.
HANDKERCHIEFS KID GLOVES.
(SLIGHTLY IMPKRLKCT). 112 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED
400 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL- KID GLOVES, large buttons, col-
LO EMBROIDERED SHEER ors tan, mode, brown and slate,
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS regular price $1, clearance sale -fTA-
(.slightly imperfect), legular price price Ovo
$1 50 per dozen, special sale price r.
eacb «v
300 dozen LADIESMVHITE SCA L- -* 00 ft=£ti_F___*XK?_ffl!s
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER embroidered backs (large buttons),
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS a^kleST PnC ° * * 75C
$2 40 per dozen, special sale price A„ clearance saie ? 70C
?2 40 per dozen, special eale price Q/» clearance saie price tuu
each vY)
250 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL- 98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER FRENCH KID GLOVES, em-
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS broidered backs and large but-
(^ligh impenect). regular price tons, colors tan, mode and
$3 and $4 per dozen, special sale 19 . brown, also black, regular price $*| AA
price each lOC | $150, clearance sale price $I»VV
VEILING! VEILING!
CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, 18 inches wide, regular price 40c a «)~ &
yard, on special sale at imOo
CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, 18 inches -wide, regular price $1 35 nfT-
a yard, on special sale at I Ov
£W STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
/ fff Jf MURPHY BUILDING, /
l/ff ffiartet Street, Corner of Jones, /
San Francisoo. ' ■
I =3
I
A Massachnsetts chemist, who had been long wedded to tobacco, *
had palpitation of the heart, and concluded that smoking caused it. He i
gave up tobacco, but the heart trouble continued, and proved finally •
to be a result of acute dyspepsia. His knowledge of chemistry led-
bim to take
RIPANS TABULES
and quick relief followed. The distress at his heart ceased. The lon gw
ing for tobacco also left him. Now he is a well man, free from both the
tobacco habit and dyspepsia.
RIPANS TABULES j
never fail to cure stomach troubles where a cure is possible. They are a
proven • remedy. Every one who has tried them knows this to be a fact, - •
, !
—————— Ml IJ