VOLUME LXXXI.-NQ. 86.
WHAT MR.
SHERMAN
DID SAY
. Denounces the Statements in
;. Hearst's "New" Papers
as Falsehoods.
DOES NOT FAVOR WAR
WITH SPAIN.
. Believes the United States Should
Not Intervene in Behalf
/ ' of Cuba.
BUT OPPOSES THE SEIZING OF
ARMS FOR PATRIOTS.
The Next Secretary of State Protests
Against a Bold Method of "Freak
ing and Faking."
WASHINGTON, D, C, Feb. 23.-Sena
. tor'Sberman, when seen by The Call cor
respondent to-night, begged to be excused
from further expressing his views on mat
ters of international policy.
"You can readily understand why I am
reluctant to talk of these matters further
" than I have," said he. "It would be in
exceedingly bad taste."
Hi the course of a casual conversation,
• however. Senator Sherman expressed his
disgust because of the purported interview
with him printed in the New York Jour
. nai and San Francisco Examiner yester
day morning. Senator Sherman was
 quoted in those' papers as favoring a war
with Spain. He denounced it as a lie.
"Of course I would make no such state
ment, and it is sheer idiocy to print such
. statements as emanating from me."
. A statement of Mr. Sherman's views on
■ the Cuban affair printed by the New York
"World is correct He is in favor of non
intervention by the United States in tbe
Cuban war. Ha opposes tne use of United
States war vessels to aid Spain in suppress
ing The Cuban rebellion or to prevent ship
ment of aims to Cuba as merchandise.
He is opposed to the annexation of Cuba.
Senator Sherman authorizes the publica
tion of his views as above given.
IN LEAGUE WIIH SPAIN.
General Johnson Makes Serious
• Charges Against the Ad
ministration.
it Is Claimed That the Machinery ol
the Government Is Used to
Crush Cuba.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Feb. 23.— Among the
distinguished men invited to participate
in the mass-meeting of the Cuban sympa
thizers, which was held Saturday night
- last in Music Hall, was General Bradley
T. Johnson, the ex-Confederate, of Rich
mond. A letter from the general dated
February 18 was received to-day by John
F. Cahiil, secretary of the Cuban relief
committee. Johnson was in Havana when
General Fitzhugh Lee first arrived there,
and gave the latter much valuable assist
ance in scannincr the situation. ' After ex
pressing regret at his inability to be pres
sent he writes:
John Randolph's sneer about the combina
tion between the Puritan and the blackleg,
Quincy Adams and' Henry Clay, would be
» changed into a horselaugh at this new firm of
the President and the inquisition— the succes
sor of George Washington in an alliance with
. J.he grand inquisitor. Explain this mystery;
1 ir.i'kc it known to all men that the money of
■ "■"'n in permeates the most secret recesses of the
• \jdministra.ion. More, Assistant Secretary of
_. .the Treasury, is the regularly retained counsel
for the Spanish Government at the city of
New York, and the counsel of the Spanish
embassy in Washington has just been assigned
by the Attorney-General of the United States
to assist the United States District Attorney,
Wiliiam T. Mar bury of Baltimore, in prosecut
ing Roloff and Luis, indicted in that city for
.' the violation of the neutrality laws.
The Spanish Government, therefore, not
- only directs the operations of the revenue
* cutters of the United States to assist Spain
* 'and prevent the Cubans from getting am
munition from the United States,' but It
actually directs the operations of grand juries
.* and of courts. I do not believe that such a
thing ever occurred in an English-speaking
•'' "court before such juries were invented that
= foreign sovereign would appear by counsel in
.a prosecution ol a private citizen by his own
Government and assist that Government in
=• executing Its own laws when at any moment
V'-ii-r might break out between the two coun
* tries.
There must be some reason for tnis close
league and alliance, but who can tell what it
>•»"? The Cubans are doing exactly what our
ancestors did from 1775 ; to 1781. They will
!'■■'• in just as our ancestors did, notwithstand
ing the efforts of the President of the United
States in putting them down. Neither Presi
dent, nor revenue cutters, nor special counsel
can turn back the tide of time or prevent Cuba
from becoming free. Yours truly,
BRAOLEY T. Johnson.
. Secretary Cahiil, who was in Cuba
. j-iroughout the ten years' war, says he
Win answer the question in General John
son's letter, "What is the reason?"
"The Mora claim of $3,000,000," said Mr.
Cahiil, "was paid by the Spanish Govern
ment to a syndicate of lawyers in New
York composed of friends and relatives of
President Cleveland and parties directly
. connected with the administration, ln
return for this a surances were given to
the Spanish Government that Spain's in
The San Francisco Call
terests in Cuba would be protected during
the term of the present . administration.
This information conies to me from par
ties wno are perfectly reliable and have
access to the highest political circles at
the National capital." -
MOULD JtOM H " Jilt B.AJVASA.
Gibson's Hinging Resolution Relating to
■ Outrages in i.ttba. '- ■'-.''•
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 23—Repre
sentative Gibson (R.) of Tennessee intro
duced in the House to-day the following
resolution :
Whereas, Many American citizens have
been Illegally and without sufficient cause
arrested and imprisoned in the Island of Cuba
by the Cuban authorities; and whereas, some
of these Americans thus Wrongfully arrested
and imprisoned have been thrust into dark
and foul dungeons, and some of them have
been denied the necessities of life, and some of
them have been maltreated without trial and
some have been inhumanly done to death;
and whereas, in a majority of cases the Ameri
cans thus unlawfully arrested and bar
barously dealt with have been denied
the trial guaranteed them by the treaties be
tween the United States and Spain and have
been treated in a manner unworthy of civil
ized nations or a people protesting to be Chris
tians; and, whereas, it is well known that
many Americans have been maltreated and
some of them butchered, not because of any
fault of theirs but to enable Spanish officials to
vent their hatred of the United States and to
exhibit their animosity toward Americans in
general; and, wheieas, these wicked, Illegal
and barbarous deeds of the Spanish officials
in Cuba, sustained as they have been by
the lawful authorities of Spain, are an
international insult and injury to the
whole people and Government of the United
States; and whereas, the lurther submission
of the Government' of the United States to
these atrocities and outrages upon our citizens
ln Cuba will degrade our Government in the
estimation of the lovers of liberty and justice
the world over, and do at the same time a
grievous wrong and humiliation to every citi
zen of the United States, an injury to one be
ing an injury to all; therefore, to the end that
justice be done, the rights of American citi
zenship asserted and vindicated, the honor of
our country sustained and the laws of human
ity and civilization enforced.
Resolved. That the President be and is hereby
authorized and directed to demand of the
Spanish authorities in Cuba, the immediate
restoration to liberty of every American citi
zen, native born or naturalized, now impris
oned by them in the island of Cuba.
Resolved, Further, that In support of that de
mand, the President be, and is hereby author
ized and directed to accompany it by the pres
ence of a sufficient number of United States
warships to make the demand good, and if
said demand is .not granted within twenty
four hours, that the city of Havana, and if
need be, other ports of Cuba.be bombarded
until said demand is fully complied with and
all of the said American citizens delivered to
the commander of our warships.
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
CO A CERXImI G RUIZ'S JD TH.
Slills Asks for All th* Correspondence
on the Subject.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23.-The
full text of the resolution introduced in
the Senate to-day by Senator 1 Mills of
Texas is as follows:
Resolved, That tie President be requested to
send to tne Senate, if in his opinion it is not
Incompatible with the public Interest, a state
ment of such facts as may be in tne possession
of the State Department, concerning the
arrest, imprisonment and death of Dr. Ricardo
Ruiz, in the jail at Guanabacoa, on the island
of Cuba, and the correspondence between our
Government and Spain, and the correspond
ence between the Stale Department and
Consul-General Lee on the same subject.
GREAT ALARM IN HAVANA.
Authorities Try to Prevent Demonstra
tions Against Uncle Sam.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says:
Havana is alarmed. The Spaniards are
wildly excited against Consul-General Lee
and the Americans.
The report was . circulated to-day that
American warships were coming to
Havana by request of Consul-General Lee
and the indignation of the volunteers was
so intense over the report that, fearing
demonstrations against the United States,
the Marquis of Ahumada privately
called to his office the colonels
of the battalions of volunteers in this city
and assured them that the report was ab
solutely false and that General Lee, in in
vestigating the death of Dr. Ruiz, only
obeyed instructions from the State De
partment in Washington, given in a
friendly, peaceful spirit.
The Marquis expressed his full confi
dence in the American Government, slat
ing that in his opinion no reason exists
for believing that the policy of the next
administration in the United States will
differ from that of the present
He also denied that there was any con
firmation of the capture of insurgents of
the town of Bayaomo, and there had
therefore been indignant patriotism
aroused among loyal Spaniards by tbe re
port. Whether the effect of Marquis
Ahumada's speeches, and in general of all
the Spanish authorities here to prevent a
terrible conflict, will prove successful can
not be foretold.
The fact is that the Spanish volunteers
i and merchants openly say that if any
American warship, enter the bay of
Havana, they will attack the American
Consulate and by their own acts and
words declare war upon the United States.
Printed cards addressed to "Loyal
Spaniards" are circulated, in which ap
peals are made to their patriotism to
revive "the manly spirit" of the volunteers
during th. last war. which means an invi
tation to repeat the anarchical scenes of
1869. 1871 and 1875, in which a large num
ber of murders were committed in tins city.
If no appeal for warships has been
made the fact remains, none the less
tbat they are needed, and that the Ameri
can Government could not send its naval
vessels anywhere to protect the lives and
interests of its citizens with better reason.
Under the circumstances tne releas? of
Juan Sanguilly is almost impossible, as
the Spaniards would think that his release
.pad been required by the American "Gov
ernment and an uprising would imme
diately follow with great danger to the
lives of many innocent person*.
At a late hour to-night it was stated
thatConsni-General Lee ha.i received from
the State Department, tne answer that
the Spanish Government has given an offi
cial request, 'made through Minister Taylor
at Madrid that an inquest be held in the
case of the death of Dr. Ruiz and also that
inquiry be made in the cases of all Ameri
can citizens imprisoned in Cuba to satisfy
the American government.
A well-informed person here says that
General Lee sent his resignation to Wash
ington, but withdrew it upon pressure
from Secretary Olney. '• < -•
The assurance was given him that his
attitude in the case of Dr. .Ruiz would be
sustained by the administration. After
he received a dtspatch from Washington
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
TOO LATE!
Monday General Lee denied that be had
resigned. " r '•'-  ,""- ."
The Marquis of Abumada has made
every effort to satisfy the demands of
General Lee, and also to prevent any hos
tile demonstration against him.
The Governor of the fortress of La Ca
bana was summoned yesterday to the pal
ace to confer with the Marquis of Abu
mada. It is impossible to learn exactly
what the Marquis said to him, but it is
supposed that be spoke about the Ameri
can prisoners in the fortress and the need
of taking special measures to protect them
case of a sudden revolt of the volun
teers in the city.
A strong article, inciting the Spaniards
against the Americans, is in type, all
ready to appear in El Puebla, but tbe
Governor summoned the editor of that
paper to his office and advised him not to
print anything that would further arouse
public feeling at tbis time.
The Cubans here are in a state of terror
over the attitude of the Spaniards and
their threats to take vengeance upon all
Cubans they can lay . their hands on, if
the capture of Bayamo by the Insurgents
is confirmed. At the same time all reports
irom the field are to the effect that hot
fighting is going on in the country.
Map of Canea, Crete, and Surrounding'^ Showing Portion of Territory Occupied by 'the
Insurgents Who Were' Shelled by the Warships of the Powers.
FOREIGN WARSHIPS
BLOCKADE THE COAST
Powers Seem Determined to
Prevent Greece From Secur
ing Crete.
Cunning Turks Try to Dr_w Fire
From Insurgents to Cause a
i Second Bombardment.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 23.— A dispatch
to the Asty from Canea says that the for
eign warships are now rigorously block
ading the coast of Crete. The British
torpedo-boats are especially active, rap
idly steaming along the coast and keeping
a sharp lookout to prevent the, landing of
troops, provisions or munitions of war.
Many vessels have be n stopped by the
blockading fleets and not allowed to pro
ceed until they satisfactorily proved that
they were engaged in legitimate business.
So strict is the blockade that tbe carrying
of letters to. the Pureus from the forces of
Colonel Vassos, the commander of the
Greek army of occupation, is ■. prohibited.
.. .The entire country is in a state of intense
anxiety and unrest over the situation and
there is the widest speculation as to what
the final outcome will be. The people are
deeply incensed against the powers for
their intervention in Crete and their atti
tude is causing some apprehension in
court and Government circles. King
George to-day issued a proclamation that
is intended to cool the popular passions
and thus avert what might prove a
national crisis, j He enjoins the country to
be calm and dignified and to confide in the
Government, which, he says, is doing
everything possible to" uphold the honor
of Greece and maintain the rights of the
Hellenic people.
CANEA, -Crete, Feb. 23.— Great excite
ment.was caused here last night by smart
rifle firing to the westward of th. town. It
was soon learned that the firing was tak
ing place between the Turkish outposts
and Christian insurgents and the report
spread that the outposts bad been driven
back and the insurgents were approaching
the town. Crowds of residents went to the
ramparts of -. the city and anxiously
watebed the outcome of the fighting. The
I
firing ceased in a short lime without
either side having gained any material ad
vantage, or, so far as kno™n, causing any
casualties.
A Turkish warship in Suda Bay and the
soldiers in the arsenal there to-day fired
repeatedly at the village which was shelled
on Sunday by the foreign fleets. There
was absolutely no reason for this attack,
except that the Turks were desirous of
provoking an occasion for further inter
vention on the part of the European
powers. A white flag was flying over the
position occupied by the insurgent?, but
this did not prevent the firing. The in
surgents, understanding probably the
motive of the Turks, did not reply fo the
fire.
The leaders of the insurgents who were
shelled Sunday have made through the
Greek commodore a formal protest.against
the action of the foreign admirals. Tbey
declare in their protest that, acting in
obedience to the powers, they refrained
from actual hostilities against the Mos
lems as long as it was possible, but tne
Turks having shelled their position for
two days, they were finally compelled to
reply to the fire. The protesters ask
whether the powers are determined to
allow the Turks to destroy the Christians
in Crete like they did the Armenians in
Anatolia.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 23.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Chronicle telegraphs
that the Austrian War Office is makin.;
every necessary preparation for the mo
bilization of their forces. The work pro
ceeds day and night. Emperor Francis
Joseph spends hours every day with his
military advisers. The correspondent adds
that the sailing of five Austrian warships
yesterday from Pola for Canea is regarded
merely aa « precaution, but that war is
not thought to be improbable.
A statement of the Paris Gaulois that
ihe powers bad summoned Greece to evac
uate Grete within twenty-four hours is de
nied.
■ ♦
CANVARO GAGE IHE SIGNAL.
English Statesmen Asking Questions
.4 bout the Bombardment.
LONDON, Sua., Feb. 23.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. George
N. Curzon. parliamentary secretary to the
Foreign Office, said in reply to an inquiry
upon tlia subject that tbe signal for the
bombardment of the insurgents' position
at Canea was given by Admiral Canvaro
of tbe Italian navy as commander of the
united fleets by reason of seniority.
Rinht Hon. A. J. Balfour, First Lord of
the Treasury, replying to the request
made yesterday by Sir William Harcourt
that the instructions given to the British
admiral at Canea be laid before the
House, said that he was compelled to de
cline to comply with the demand as it
would be impossible to do so.
. •
RUSSIA'S IRON HAND.
Strongest Method of Co-rcion to Keep
Jlttlgnrla Quia'.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.—A special
cable dispatch to * the Herald } from St.
Petersburg says: Tne Government still
holds for th_ utmost firmness being ap
| plied to * the ' Cretan business, because it
i sees' clearly .the endless complications
otherwise in view during the coming
months,'and if Crete is to be given to the
; Greeks nothing can hold the Bulgarians
bad., for it was- only by the strongest
coercion Russia could keep Bulgaria
quiet.
England's' and Italy's conduct in seem
ing to cast doubt upon tbe accord of tbe
powers, when it Is here considered that a
most perfect understanding is necessary
to assure the peace of Europe, has made a
very disagreeable impression and once
more given rise to bitter expression about
England's perfidiousness and so forth. As
to the report published that Russia was
preparing for war, it is the sheerest non
sense. 7*«77
The action of the American Senators in
adopting at such a critical moment a
resolution sympathizing with Greece is
looked upon as very mischievous and un
called for. It received much severe criti
cism here. ..■. a-v.:-;
Death of a French Diplomat,
PARIS. France, Feb. 23.—Count Ed
nardo Lefebre de Paine, a French diplo
mat, formerly Embassador to the Vati
can, died to-day in this city.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TROUBLE
IN STORE
FOR SILER
Fitzsimmons Finding Fault
With the Queensberry
Rules.
WANTS NO HITTING IN
CLINCHES.
Insists That Each Man Be Made
to Break Away With
out Striking.
DAN STUART SUFFERING FROM
PNEUMONIA.
Has Been Very 11, but Is Now Declare!
Out of Danger— Corbett's
Improve. Form-
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 23.— path of
the management of tho approaching
world's championship battle is not strewn
and springy with roses after all.
True, there is no evidence of a possible
hitch in the new law or a clash with the
authorities, but there are internal troubles
.— and serious troubles they are at that.
First and foremost among these is the fact
that the tail and sunny-headed Cornish
man, who for years has professed hunger
for a chance to cut nimble Jim Corbett
into ribbons, has grown sulky. He does
not want to play in any backyard appar
ently. While Ido not believe that Bob is
troubled with anything like premoni
tions of a chilly sensation in the neighbor
hood of his pedal extremities, still he has
begun to quibble over trifles in such a
manner that somebody is apt to cast as
persions in his direction ere long. His
complaint is that the Marquis of Queens
berry rules, as interpreted by. Referee
G. orge Siler, are not to his liking. The
particular subdivision which permits
either pugilist to thump away with a free
hand while in a clinch and to dash in
after a breakaway is the stumbling block.
...When the big match was made both
Corbett and Fitz decided to indulge in no
hitting in the clinches or breaks, but after
both had thought it over they concluded
that what would be sauce for tbe goose
would be sauce for the gander, so to
speak, and the agreement between them
was altered to the extent that -{he time
honored Queensberry rules should be al
lowed to stand without amendment, thus
permitting the clinch hitting. This un
derstanding pleased Siler immensely, for
be immediately saw whero he was going
to be relieved of a great deal of labor and
responsibility and where the danger of
foul claiming was to be in a great measure
avoided.
Siler was by no means exclusive in his
announcement that both men showed a
manly spirit by agreeing to play the en
tire gamut in their mill. The old-time
referee explained to me shortly after hia
arrival here that he never knew of two
fighters to stand by a pledge not to hit in
the breakaways. They invariably forgot
all about the agreement in the excitement
of the bout and unintentionally fouled.
This always left the referee in a ticklish
position, for in reality he should give tne
decision against the man who first broke
the agreement.
But to revert to the present case: Siler
was just congratulating himself on the
easy time he was going to have in the
ring with the big fighters when he ran
against the Fitzsimmons snag. For some
reason or other Bob does not now want
the clause which permits hitting in the
clinches to stand. Up till "to-day every
body has been under the impression that
he heartily approved of this privilege, for
to these who are familiar with the Cor
nishman' a ring tactics aud with his abil
ity to get in such wonderful execution at
close quarters it seemed plain that the
rule would operate far more to his advan
tage than to Corbett's.
Siler did not know that trouble was in
store for him until to-day, and the new
was quite a shock to him. A strenuous
effort has been made by all who have
knowledge of this new stumbling block to
keep the matter quiet in the hope that the
difficulty will be adjusted before it can
reach any serious state.
It appears that Siler provided both Cor
bett and Fitzsimmons last night with
copies'. of ( the unadulterated Marquis of
Queensberry rules. He explained to them
that in his opinion the public would be
better satisfied and the fighters them
selve if there were no amendments or spe
cial provisions of a radical nature incor
porated in the list of regulations. The
battle was to be for the championship of
the world and be decided strictly accord
ing to rules, so that neither of the men or
their backers could say after the contest
that any unfairness had been indulged in
or any special privilege allowed.
Corbett read the rules over carefully
and said he could see nothing in them to
which be could find objection. They
Pure
Blood is what everyone should have at this
season. Therefore purify . and enrich your
blood now with a thorough course of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's i Pills eas y to buy, e_sy to tak9 '
, UUUU S fills easyiueflecfc Mm.2
MR. CORBETT'S LETTER.
(INTERCEPTED.)
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 23, 1897. M
To the Journal-Examiner (Soft Thing):
I write you in joyfulness of heart to-day, for I am sure I will win
the fight — is, get the money. It has just been pointed out to me j
that you have been favoring me all along between the lines, as it
were — 1 am very grateful. You favored Sharkey in the last
fight, you know, and Mr. Earp did the rest.
1 observe that you adopted my suggestion to send a lady reporter
to write me up. You are going to send two, you say. How delighted
they will be !
1 now take back all I said about the rawness of your work. 1
think you've the brainiest staff on earth. lam writing to His Softness
(which is Willie) to-night, and you needn't be surprised if some of you
are promoted or have your salaries doubled.
Yes, a reception by the staff on my return to the City would be
very appropriate. I think it would give tone to the paper.
1 ate half a can of oysters to-day. (Copyrighted.)
Something painful has just happened. An old fogy has been hang
ing around here for some time amusing himself by making unfeeling
remarks about the Examiner and the fight. 1 think he is in the pay of
the church cranks. Well, he got a crowd around him in the hotel and
began to talk of the old pugilists. They were the men who fought for
the glory of the thing, he said. They didn't sell themselves out to
the highest bidder. They didn't make the stage contemptible. .They
didn't spend their time with parasites and pluguglies, and when a man
placed his money on them he got an honest return.
All this the old crank growls out. Then he says: "What the
prize-fighters of to-day have done to the ring Hearst and his class are
doing to the press. Think of Horace Greeley and Charles Dickens and
Garfield and James G. Blame, who were newspaper men, writing for
a paper whose columns are polluted with the twaddle of pugilists and
the ranting of murderers. Think of it," he says, getting redder and
redder in the face. Then I'm blest if he didn't get the tongs from the
fire, and, taking the Examiner by the corner, as if he were taking a
dead cat by the tail, he heaved it into the gutter. It made my blood
boil.
Wouldn't it be a good idea to copyright the old man and then kill
him ?
I ate an orange to-night. (Exclusive.)
.1 see that you're not putting borders around my letters any more.
I am told that our type-setting machines won't make them and we have
to hire a man to do the work. Compositors are a costly crew, and if
we had fewer of them on the staff there' d be more money for me and
the other star writers. You needn't make any more borders.
I wet my feet this morning, but they're dry now. (Copyrighted.)
J. (Copyrighted) CORBETT.
P. S. — Don't limit the space of the lady writers, but give them
a hunch not to refer to themselves so often. The "I." in their
letters makes me think of peacocks' tails. JAY.
gave neither principal any advantage
over the other and were fair to both. He
accepted them in their entirety and prom
ised faithfully to live up to them through
out the fight.
Siler was getting along swimmingly.
Surely, thought he, tbe days of long
winded wrangles over rules and technical
ities among fighters had happily gone by.
Then he ran against "Fitz" and his
dream of love was over. The Cornishman
does not seem to be willing to vouchsafe
any reasons ln detail for his change of
front in regard to the clinch-hitting rule,
and Siler professes to be somewhat at sea
on the matter himself. But I think
George knows more than he was willing
divulge to-night.
He and Fitzsimmons have bad a talk
and the latter must have unbosomed him
self to at least some extent. The fact that
they agreed to meet again to-morrow and
talk the matter over once more undoubt
edly has something to do with Siler's
present reticence, for he may have hopes
that Fitzsimmons will withdraw his ob
jections and stand by the stereotyped
rules.
Now, this little story, when it becomes
public property, is certain to give rise to
rumors to the effect that "Fitz" is getting
frig htenefl, and many will be the knowing
, winks tbat will be exchanged. But I
would not advise anybody to take too
much stock in such a proposition. Fitz
simmons is too sly a fox to come out sin
cerely and confess that he fears Corbett in
any tactics or ring rules. Suppose he and
his friends wanted to curb the daily
growing tendency to- send Fitzsimmons
stock up in the betting, could a better
scheme be adopted for bearing the market
than by creating an impression that the
Cornishman is growing chicken-hearted?
The knowing ones who are going to risk
their money on Bob in this fight want to
get in on as short an end as possible, so as
to improve their chances for big win
nings. They do not bail with delight the
news from New York that there is a pre
ponderance there of Fitzsimons money,
EVERY ONE AT CARSON MAKING READY FOR THE FIGHT.
Stuart hat a large force of men and teams breaking ground for the foundation for his amphitheater. Nearly all of the material is n>w on tho .-round
Corbett and Fitzsin_mons are wasting no time in putting themselves into perfect condition for tho gladiatorial contest, 7 . 7p?j. ; 7 ; >
for this is certain to affect the local market
and shoot the price on the Oftrnisbman up
to even money or better. It would not be
surprising if Julian engineered the scheme
to down brakes. They don't make them
any sharper or smarter than this band
some and smiling young brother-in-law
i and manager. He is familiar with all the
j curves in tbe sporting world and never yet
, boueht a gold brick. 09l
But Fitzsimmons' recalcitrance is not all
that is causing worry among the men who
are vitally interested in seeing the great
fight brought off without a jar. Dan
Stuart has not emerged from bis room
now for ten days, and I have it on the best
of authority to-night that be is a far
sicker man than the reports which have
issued from his chamber would indicate.
When he went to bed it was announced
! tnat the cause therefor was the return of
j an old abdominal complaint, and that be
| would be housed only lor a day or two,
but it turns out that Dan had an out-and
out attack of pneumonia as the result of
the sudden change of climate. The at
mosphere of Carson is extremely treacher
ous at this season of the year and nips a
tenderfoot entire. without warning.
Stuart weathered the attack nicely until
last night, when he bad a relapse. Sev
eral doctors were called in hurriedly, and
! for a time it looked as though the popular
j Texan would not survive to see the reali
zation of his scheme to pull off the great
est prize-fight of the century. But be la
the happy possessor of a constitution of
iron, and he finally beat off tbe clammy
band that sought to fasten itself on his
throat. To-day the doctors said be was
doing well and one? more out of danger.
If anything serious should happen to
Stuart there is no telling what would be
come of the prize-fight project. It would
be left on the hands of W. K. Wheelock
and Al Livingston.
. This was rather a busy day at the re
spective training - quarters of the big
bruisers busier at Shaws Springs, though,
than at Fitzsimmons' camp. All of the
Cornishman's muscle-making apparatus
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
THE MONITOR ON . THE FIGHT.
The State of Nevada has disgraced Itself by permitting two brutes to maul each
other in open day for the delectation of the pluguslies of half a continent. We of
California, must be confessed, have little reason to boast of our superior virtue.
Only a few months ago San Francisco permitted a similar encounter and judges, law
yers, business men, doctor*, sat down to witness a spectacle which degraded them be
low the level of the brutos who performed before them.
Emboldened by such distinguished patronage the prize-fighters have captured the
State of Nevada and have chosen the 17th day cf March as the date on which they will
fight like beasts for superiority, or what is more likely, will pretend to fight for a fraudu
lent decision and the plunder of the idiotic barbarians who bet upon them.
It is difficult to speak with moderation on this matter. Many of those promi
nent in the scandal bear Irish names. They are exploiting their nationality in this
town for the purpose of raising money. The other side is doing the sam». Devoid of
honor, devoid of decency, they would make profit out of the holiest feelings of hu
manity.
To put the seal on their infamy they have chosen to desecrate a festival sa
cred to the highest interests of tho Irish race. St. Patrick's day is to every man with
Celtic blood in him the symbol of faith. It tells of the glorious ideals and noble lives
of those who gave-themselves for the uplifting of his people and the evangelization of
the world. It is a day to be proud of, for it tells not of conquests by fire or swoid, but
of the triumphs of the soul and of victories of the word of God.
And now it ie to be degraded by the heroes of the shambles. It is. to be made
a holiday for men whose names stink in the nostrils of civilization. It is to be
celebrated by a congregation before whom convicts are gentlemen and Dahomeyan
savages lights of culture. '..*.- 1 ;..;' \ $_$*
If this thing had been done by tho enemies of our race and creed verily we
might have borne it; but it is done by those whose very names are a scandal and a
crying shame — names which' are the great, the sole argument against us tnat any
race should be responsible for such as they.
It is the bour.den duty of every man of Irish blood to move heaven and earth
that this stain be not laid to our charge. If there be individuals of the Celtic name
or societies of Irish people in the State of Nevada they will be disgraced forever if
they do not by word and deed strive their utmost to end this scandal. It maybe
impossible, but they can rid themselves of the responsibility by trying. Surely t! ere
must be some law and there can be found some courts that will interfere in behalf
of public morals. This insult should not,' must not be borne, and to the men of Ne
vada we look for relief.
The whole performance is a sordid piece of money-getting. The men who in this
City help to make that money-getting a -success are also responsible. We cannot
reach the touchs and- that crowd of professional pugs to whom this Is a colden
harvest. But it is possible to reach them indirectly. Even they are susceptible to
public opinion, and the opinion of all Irishmen and of all Irish societies on this
coast ought to be expressed decisively, emphatically and at onse. Let them at
least wash their hands of thi- outrage perpetrated by misbegotten hounds whose
lives are libels on the names tbey bear. — The Monitor.
is not in place yet, and tbis has bad the
effect of causing him to delay pitching
into the heaviest of his work.
"I am not afraid of losing too much time,"
said Fitzsimmons this afternoon. "You
see I am already in splendid fettle and do
not require such a long spell of training
now as would be the case had I put off
exercising until reaching Nevada. All I
need is to limber up and put a few finish
ing touches on my bellows."
The stomach trouble which upset the
Cornishman so seriously Sunday has en
tirely disappeared and he is now eating
voraciously. In fact, Host Cook says that
it has got down to be a race between Bob
and bis pet Great Dane Varum as to which
can stow away the most grub. Fitzsim
mons' work to-day consisted of a three
mile tramp over the snow-covered road
leading over the foothills south of the
ranch, a couple of glove bouts with D.in
Hickey end a spell of wrestling with
Ernest Roeber. Fitzsimmons goes to bed
at night with the chickens and is the first
one up in the morning. He is a sleeper
and be believes it is impossible for him to
get too much.
There was another arrival at the ranch
this morning in the person of a Chinese
chef, whom Julian unearthed in San
Francisco and brought with him. Fitz
simmons insisted upon having a chat
with the Celestial before he would accept
him into the household. First he wanted
to know if the cook was a highbinder.
"Yep, me Sam Yup man," leplied the
Chinaman, with an expansive grin.
"Sam Yup man, eh? Are the Sam Yups
all scrappers?" '"• '■"-"-..'-;7
--: "You bet."
"Well, that's all right then. This is a
scrapper's camp, you know." ' ; "> ;
Then, after Fitzsimmons got assur
ances from the newcomer that he could
cook rice and rats to the queen's taste, he
j formally installed him in the kitchen and
I proclaimed him the boss of that depart
j ment until St. Patrick's day.
Corbett continues to draw more visitors
| to his quarters than does Fitzsimmons.
| This is because of the superior condition
| of the road leading to Shaws Springs and
I the fact that it is a shorter trip than that
i out to Cook's rancn. "Pompadour" Jim
! put in seme heavy' licks during the day,
j wearing out all his trainers, but not once
j showing any signs of fatigue himself.
The manner in which Corbett is improv
ing as re aris his ability to endure work
| is really surprising. One can scarcely
i realize alter watching him as I did to-day
go through an hour and a half of the
fastest and most wearing kind of exercise
without even putting perceptibly, that be
is the same individual who so completely
collapsed in the ring not long a.o while
endeavoring to put Sharkey to sleep. He
puts in about twenty minutes with the
puts in about twenty minutes with the
j puncbing-bag, then plays handball with
Brother Joa until the latter is winded and
then Slogs Billy Woods until Woods cries
quits.
The bouts with Woods this afternoon
were unusually fast and furious. The
Denver man again had his head encased
j in a pneumatic mask and his chest pro
j tected by a baseball catcher's apron. The
| mask saves his jaw from some terrific
| smashes, but does not always guarantee
! to Billy a right to keep on his pins. One
j right-hand cro33 upset him beautifully to
j day and he did not hit a soft spot on the
j floor either. He was .taegercd twice by
left hooks on the chin, despite the protec
tion afforded by the mask. -
Corbett went through bis sprints twice
during the day, working two hours in the
morning and an hour and a half in tie
afternoon. This evening he came into
town and attended a performance of "All
the Comforts of Home," at the Opera
house. The play was given by some
clever Carson amateurs, and given in
j splendid style. Tho house was packed in
I anticipation of Corbett's coming, and his
I appearance was the signal for a great
j Durst of applause. A stage box had been
j handsomely decorated with American
! flags in his honor, and from this conspicu
j ous place he watched the performance.
J. C. Mansfielp.
♦
CORBETI'S LATEST ACQUISITION.
Chicago Dentist Mill Assist in Training
— : 77. the Champion.
CARSON, Nj.v.. Feb. 23.— Tbe most at
tractive spot in Carson to-day was the
track, where a force of carpenters was
engaged in sorting out lumber for Stuart's
pavilion,. while crowds of shivering report
ers stood around in the snow and watched
operations.
March 12 is the date fixed by Architect
Donohoe for the completion of the struc
ture. Bad weather may set the work back
f r a few days, but liberal allowance has
been made for this. While drawing the
plans Donohoe bore in mind the possibil
ity of a heavy snowfall and the arena will
be so constructed that it can be cleared v.
snow in a few hours.
The seats will be more comfortable than
might be supposed at first observation,
and the graduations have been so nicely
calculated that nothing will obstruct the
view from even the cheapest chairs.
Governor Sadler asserts that be will
not occupy the box tendered to him by
Stuart.
"I will buy ray ticket just like any
other citizen." he insists. "I did only my
duty in signing tbe bill under which con
tests of this nature are permitted, and I
propose to contribute my share to the suc
cess of the first carnival. A number of
newspapers have begged me to be their
guest, but I want all to understand that I
will enter that arena as a private citizen."
Fitz occupied himself with hammer and
saw to-day." He designed and helped to
build a small rubdown-ro.^m off the mam
exercise ball, driving nails as neatly as he
fashions hor.eshoes. Roeber and Hickey
assisted in carrying around lumber and
patching up chinks through which cold
air crept in on the worker. .The outdoor
track also received some attention.
Martin Julian arrived this morning
from San Francisco with a noted Chinese
chef who carries about a French name.
The Mongol is said to be a marvel on
steaks and chops, and judging by his first
work-out this evening his ability has not
been overrated. He was photographed in
sixteen different poses in as many min
utes after his arrival.
Fitzsimmons' old sparring partner,
Jack Stelzner, will be here to-morrow to
assist the Cornishman. •
Owing v to McVey's continued illness
Corbett was not kept as busy to-day as he
wished. Dr. Pine, the robust Chicago
dentist who gave Corbett such, an argu
ment recently in the Windy City, will
reach Carson to-morrow afternoon and re
main at Shaws Springs until March 17.
Corbett will put on the mits with the
doctor every day and expects some lively
rallies. Jeffreys, the Los Angeles wonder
who stripped at 198 pounas in condition,
is also expected from San Francisco to
morrow. He will relieve Hilly Woods of
part of the heavy work and Corbett ex
pects to find in him a lively youngster.
George Green, whose match with ••Mys
terious" Bil.y Smith is now almost as
sured, may drop into the champion's
quarters any day. Stuart located Smith
this afternoon, and is now trying to con
vince the Boston welter-weight that he
has an opportunity to. earn $3000 on
March 16.
FITZSIMMONS IS A WALK.
That Is the Proph-oy Made by Dominick
i McCaffrey.
OMAHA, Nebb., Feb. 23.— Dominick Mc-
Caffrey, the old-time i ugilist, is spending
a few months on the ranch of his brother
at O'Neill, Nebr.
He is greatly interested in the approach
ing fight between Corbett and Fitzsim
mons, and in an interview to-day had tnis
to say :
"I look at it in this way: It is a great
boxer against a great fighter, and you
know there is a vast difference between
boxing and fighting.
"The fighter generally brings the money
home, all things considered. I feel sure
that Fitzsimmons will win if he gets fair
play. You know an individual cannot
beat any army; you also know how he
was treated in San Francisco,! Corbett
will be handled by smarter people than
will look after Fitzsimmons, and he is a
better business man all round, and is
more clever in boxing. On the other hand
there is no man alive whom Fitzsimmons
cannot hit, and when ho lands he makes
the desired impression. Corbett never got
hurt up to date, and when he does he will
forget his cleverness.
"It will certainly be the greatest fight
of the century. and the best chance to
make money. " I would back Fitzsimmons
to a standstill had I the money to do bo.
The case puts me in mind of my
fight with Sullivan to some extent.
I had the good will of tbe
country, but their position in the busi
ness and the social world would not
allow them to fight for my rights at tbe
ringside. Fitzsimmons is single-handed
and alone : and is, disliked. by the sports;
still with fair play he will win. That "is
my unbiased opinion." 7.7
McCaffrey has a pretty good idea of
fightnrs, and his declaration that Fitz
simmons' will land a winner at Carson
carried with it much weight in local
sporting circles. This* already shows it-
Self in the bets made to-night
B Iti'ig in Aete lork.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.-The fol
lowing is a tabulated list of some of tbe
recent wagers made in New York on the
big fight: El Kearney Jr., $2000 to
$1600 with Dick Roche that Cor
bett will win Charles Thorley, $500 to
$500 with a well-gnown clubman tbat
Corbett will win. Dr. Ramon S. Guttra,
$400 to $500 with a member of the New'
York Athletic Club that Fitzsim
mons will win. "Honest" John Kelly,
$500 to $400 with Dick Roche that Corbett
will win; Al Sheldon, $500 even with a
Chicago man that Corbett will win; Sam
Fitzpatrick, $200 to $160 with Joe Little
that Corbett will win; Ed Kearney Jr.,
$.00 to $160 with Ike Plant that Corbett
will win.
Fitzsltntnons* Stock Rising.
BOSTON,- Mass., Feb. 23.— Although
there was little betting to-day on the Cor
bet t-Fitzsimmons fight, the Cornish man's
stock continues to rise. Several thousand
dollars was received to-day to place on
Fitzsimmons at the best odds obtainable.
At Gay's Hotel, the Columbia, Quincy
House and Clark's Fitzsimmons* money
can be had at 10 to 8. Jerry Sullivan
placed $15.0 to $125. to-day that Fitzsim
mons would win.
Vendig Jhrrnt'tts Trouble.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23. — Dan
Stuart's $10,000, which is the balance of
tbe $15,000 purse, arrived to-day, although
"Al" Smith would not admit the -fact
directly, as he does not wish to have the
money attached by Joe Vendig's lawyers.
Vendig claims to be Stuart's partner,
but the latter has repudiated him.
Consequently, Vendig's lawyers pro
pose taking action in his behalf
in . the United States .7 courts : at
once, and sporting men 'are afraid
an attempt may be made to locate and
levy on the $15,000 purse money which is
supposed to be la the bands of the final
stakeholder. . They fear Vendig " : may
spring some big surprise 'in " a legal way
that will interfere with the fight.
Stan ford- Oakland Field Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
23.— Arrangements are being made to hold
a field day on March 13 between the Stan
ford freshmen and the Oakland High
School. Track Manager Brown and
Charles Dole, captain of the Varsity team,
are anxious to bring about such a meeting!
The plucky boys from the other side of
the bay sent a team to play the freshmen
a game of football last year. Although
they did not win, they made a good show
ing..' The proposed field day would per
mit a comparison of strength of the two
representative teams.
SEW TO-DAY.
Under eminent scientific . control.
APENTA
The Best Natural Aperient Water.
Relieves the kidneys, unloads the liver, and opens the
, bowelsm
PROGRESS OF THE
LEXOW INQUIRY
How the Price of Sugar Is
Regulated by the
Combine-
Explained by the President of
the Wholesale Grocers'
Association. .
American Tobacco Company's Presi
dent Tells cf th. Methods of
H.s Monopoly.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.— Tbe joint
jegislative committee investigating trusts,
etc., in this State resumed its hearing this
morning.
Waldo Smith, president of the Whole
sale Grocers' Association, said his associa
tion was not incorporated and extended
through New York, New Jersey, New
Hampshire and Vermont. To obtain ad
mission each member of a firm bad to pay
$10 a year. He denied that his associa
tion controlled the price of sugar in any
way. Tbe only thing the association did,
be said, was to send out a list of the prices
in sugar prepared by the secretary. The
grocers all over the country adopted the
prices of the American Refining Company
as the standard. Mr. Smith said nis firm
bought goods from the American Sugar
Refining Company and from the Moilen
hour Company.
"And you get the same discount from
both companies?"
"Yes. sir."
"Then the product of the Mollenhour
Company is fixed by the quoted prices of
the American Sugar Refining Company?"
Mr. Smith said he bad no knowledge of
any such thing. He said the Wholesale
Grocers' Association had asked the Amer
ican Sugar Refining Company for a rebate
which would prevent the cutting of prices.
In other words, tbey asked for protection
and tbe sugar company gave it to tbem.
Witness said that sugar was sold wherever
the grocers' organization existed at the
same price.
James R. Duke, president of the Amer
ican Tobacco Company, was the next wit
ness. He said the company was organ
ized in New Jersey because the laws there
were more favorable. ' There were five
companies organized into the American
Tobacco Company— Duke Sous & Co.,
Allen & Ginter, W. S. Kimball & Co.,
Kinney Tobacco Co. and Gordon & Co.
The companies were incorporated in 1890.
Nine concerns were taken in alter the or
ganization. No manufacturing was done
in New Jersey. Several factories bad been
closed, but tue witness could not say how
many people were thrown out of employ
ment, but said a great many were re-em
ployed.
"Do you operate under a factors' agree
ment?" " 77..V.-7V*-.. .7 f
"No, sir; we call ours a consignment
agreement." ■:-':• ■• -
• A copy of this was produced and placed
in evidence. In reply to an other qu -ation
the witness Mid that the companies con
trolled from 80 to 90 per cent of the to
bacco trade.
"How many competing companies were
left at the tim - oi the organization?"
"About 100."
The witness said the agreement referred
to the sale of cigarettes. '
"Then you have this agreement with
wholesale grocers?"
'Yes, sir."
"Is it a fact that the greater number of
your consignees are wholesale grocers?"
"No, sir."
The witness said that if the consignees
violated any clause in t c agreement it
was withdrawn. The consignees are al
| lowed under the agreement a 2>_ per cent
commission and an additional % per cent
j if they handle the cigaret- es of tue Ameri
can Tobacco Company exclusively and if
they do not sell or in any way aid in the
sale or distribution of cigarettes of other
manufacturers.
"Then you compel the consignees to fix
a price?"
"Yt-s, sir." 77*77
"ls it not a fact that a man cannot do
business unless he handles your cigar
ettes?" .
"He can do business, but he cannot
make as much money." .
"Does not that state of things tend to
make a monopoly?"
'No. sir; for the simple reason that we
make and sell our own brands and any
other person can make bis own brands."
"Is it a fact that the small merchant
must take your brand in order to do busi
ness, and do you not by the creation of
the intermediate *system of rebates and
discounts practically secure for your
products a monopoly ?"
"No, sir. Take' another, brand which
the' public wants and another manufac
turer can supply the whole business."
Senator Lexow announced an adjourn
ment until 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
TO OPEN INDIAN LANDS.
A Point of Order Leads to a Warm
'and Interesting Debate in
■ .. the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23,—No
tice was given by Morrill (R.) of Vermont
in the Senate to-day of his intention to
address the Senate on Thursday on
the resolution in reference to the inde
pendence of Cuba.
j After the routine morning business the
consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill was resumed— the question being a
point of order-made yesterday by Vilas
(D.) of Wisconsin against the committee
amendment for 'apportionment of the Un
compahgre Indian reservation. The dis
cussion took a range beyond the parlia
mentary limit of order and extended to
the question of valuable deposits of gil
senite and asphaltum on the lands of tbe
reservation in Utah, which Vilas wanted
to have reserved by the Government.
His argument was replied to by Cannon
(R.) of Utah, who argued in favor of the
opening ot the reservation, which contains
over 2,000.000 acres of land. He said the
mineral lands were passing into the hands
of a corporation or monopoly.
At the close of nearly two hours' debate
I the point of order was submitted to the
Senate, which de.ided by a vote of 31 to -
16 that the amendment was in order. The
discussion went on as to the merits of the
amendment.
Pending the discussion . Mills (D.) of
Texas offered a resolution, which w«v
agreed to, requesting the Prisident to}
transmit to the Senate a statement of th*
facts concerning the arrest, imprisonment
and death of Dr. Ricardo Ruiz in the jail
at Guanobacoa, Cuba, with copies of tbe
correspondence on the subject.
The Vice-President laid before. the Sen
ate a report from the Secretary of State as
to the persons claiming to be American
citizens who were captured on board th»
Competitor. -Referred to the Committer
on Foreign Relations.
The discussion over the Uncompahgre
reservat on went on for a couple o! hours
Brown (R.) of Utah argued vehemently ii.
support of the amendment and In favor o:
opening- the reservation to the people.
Clark (R.) of Wyoming took the same po
sition.
Palmer (D.) of Illinois favored dispos
ing of the valuable gilsenite deposits by
public sale.
Jones (D.) of Arkansas assailed the hill
on account of its injustice to the Ute In
dians, whose reservation it was.
Vest (D.) of Missouri bitterly criticized
the administration, that all
me complications in the matter had re
sulted from the refu-al of the President
to execute the law. H
Vilas protested against what he called
the arraignment of the President by Vest.
"I arraign the President, if the Senator
so characterizes my remarks," said Vest,
"because I declare that he had no right to
disobey an act of Congress which was
mandatory upon him. If he believed
that we were was tine the substance of the
people, he should have called it to our
attention in a legislational way and asked
us to right the wrong. " instead of that, he
usurped legislative functions and declared
that he would not obey the act of Con
gress. These are the undisputed facts."
"So far from their being undisputed
facts," said Vilas, "I am astonished that
the Senator 1 from Missouri should make
such a statement."
Vilas then offered an amendment to thai
amendment providing for a survey of .the!
reservation, the mineral lots to be sub-"
divided into lots of suitable size and form
and a royalty or price per too to be fixed
for asphaltum, gils**nite and other min
erals, and that instead of a patent, a lease
shall issue for each of such lots for
twenty-five years, subject to the payment
of the royalty. .7*l
-, Brown (R.) of Utah opposed the amend
ment as overthrowing the settled and es
tablished mining laws of the country un
der which the man who first made bis
mining location staked out his claim.
Under the proposed amendment claims
were to be staked out by the Government
and disposed of by lease. In other re
spects the established mining laws of the
country were to be set aside and obliter
ated with one swetp, and the Government
was to "stand in as partner or as a land
lord." It was such a policy as that which
bad cost the life of one of the early Eng
lish Kings. 7 v
Vilas' amendment was rejected.
The committee amendment was modi
fied by one offered by Vest and agreed to.
Ayes 45, noes 15. It now reads:
That all of the Uncompahgre Indian reser
vation in tbe State of Utah except 10,000
acres ot bottom land extending about ten or
twelve miles up the White River on both sides
from its mouth is hereby declared open to
public entry under the laws of the United
States, provided that no person shall be al
lowed to make more than lour claims on lands
containing ijilsenite.
The bill was laid aside and Hoar (R.) of
Massachusetts offered a resolution pro
posing this form of certificate of election
of United States Senators:
To the President of the United States Senate:
This 1* to certify that on the day of
A. B. was duly elected by the Legislature of
the Stale ot a Senator from said State to
represent said Stat. In the Senate of the
United States for the term of fix years begin
ning on the fourth of March, 189—
The resolution went over . without
action. ... *.;.; * ' ''-. ■.• *_•--:
* The Senate on motion, of Smith (D. of
New Jersey and by an aye and noe vote of
34 to 26 at 5 o'clock proceeded to the con
sideration of executive business and short
ly thereafter adjourned until 11 a. m. to
morrow.
{Wo Words in^y£&t*
i *mmmma> J
miy/AiA^
A WEAK MAN MUST SOONER OR LATER
sa give way to a strong man. The weak' go to
the wall first: nevertheless hundreds of our beat
young men are using up their best forces. They
abase nature, they eat too much, sleep too little,
dissipate, and the result is premature conditions.
Note the following sure signs of Nervous Debility :
" Weakness.
Cold feet. .
Back ache.
You shun society.
You lose flesh.
You sleep poorly.
You are low spirited- .•:.:.-.*
Memory ls impairs d.
You have no vital energy.
You have sick heal aches. '
The brightness h as left your eyes.
DP PTTDPTI " joss wish ,0 be cured yon
11 ft 1 1 In Pill *»ou!d get the great Remedy.
UL. U_,I_JJJ, Treatment, HUDYAN. This
Remedy-treatment will do for you just as you .
wish. You can get Hudyan only from the doctors 1
of Hudson Meaical Institute. Cail or write for
full particulars. ..... ■
OIROULiARS inK.E.3-1. -'■''
SO-DAY CURE When your throat is sore,
SO-DAY CURE when your color Is bad. when
30-DAY CURE* your teeth is loosened, when
SO-DAY CUKE you have copper-colored spots
30-DAY CURE you need the 30-Day Cure.
SO-DAY CURE Yon are suffering from Blood
30-DAY. CUR rt Poison. Call or write for
SD-DAY CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton. Market and Ellia Sta.
DDIlC_ltO FOB BARBERS^ BAB*.
KKIIA ft cS ers - b °otblack_, batl»-
VII WW II law houses, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders,, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, nourmUls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories! stable
"Ben. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
«,_„_, M BUCHANAN BROS.,
•roan Manufacturers. 809Sacrame-.to-.fc.
DKMCNULTY."
nj'HLs WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
_•; specialist rurfiPrivate.Nervous.lJlfKJd and Skin
lMeii-'.e.. of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
■*o"*nrs* experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9to 3
dally .6:30 to B.3o ev'ss. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE **_c"*.l*I.TT. M. ».,
*B'_ Kearny Street, Man Frani-iwo, Cnl.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIP*. ATTORNEY-A-r
Law and Notary Public. 638 Market st. od7k_
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence l__o
Pell Btreet. Telephone « Pine ' 359 L . •**,
NEW WESTERN HOT EL^ I
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BT*L_»t.l
modeled ana renovated. KING, WARD *nn ■
European plan. . Rooms 60c to 41 60 per day ai
to "W per week. $_ to SiW per montn-. free **'..
hot and cold water every room: W £_____,'
every room: . elevator rum allnitfUi . •*"*•"* '-"
Weak Men and Women
SHOUL*) OE DAMIANA BITTFK-J THE
great Mexican Remedy: giva X !,i
[.Btrengtn to the Sexual Organ* * *"*<"">• *"*STIMULATED TO
QUICKER ACTION
Legislators Read The Call's
Review . With . Great
Interest.
Now Ihey Realize That No
Time Remains for I lie
Argument.
Speeches to Be Limited to F.v
Minutes and an Urgency File
Created.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 23.— As the
result of the full review of the work of
the Legislature for the first fifty days of
the session, published in the Call this
morning, measures were taken to-day to
expedite business in the Senate. The
article in question acted as a decided
stimulant. But ten days of the sixty
fixed by statute for the session of the
Legislature are left, and even though th«
time may be extenaed two weeks, the
showing made in the Call indicated that
many a measure was destined to die on
the files.
Senator Holloway started the movement
for greater activity. He introduced a
resolution providing for the creation of a
special urgency Me. Each Senator, in
alphabetical order, was to be allowed to
select bis most important measure each
day and place it on this file. The con
sideration ot these bills was to be the
business of the evening session, the meas
ures to be taken up alternately from the
top and bottom of the file.
Holloway's resolution provided for this
file being made up to- morrow, but he ac
cepted an amendment deferring such ac
tion until Monday. The author of the
resolution argued that this course would
bring all the best bills to the front, and
that business would be greatly expedited
thereby.
Bulla spoke against the proposition.
He said if the resolution were adopted the
general file would not again be reached at
this session. It would also, be declared,
result in bringing not the meritorious
measures to the head of the file, but those
which carry large appropriations, and
claim bills.
Considerably more debate followed, and
the resolution was defeated, but is likely
to be adopted later on, as many who voted
against it did so simply because they be
lieved it was too early in the session to
adopt such a measure.
Senator Voorheis came to the rescue
with a resolution providing that all
speeches be limited to five minutes here
after. Some "little opposition was mani
fested, but after being amended so as to
inaugurate tbe five-minute rule on Mon
day next, instead of at once, the resolu
tion was adopted.
Constitutional amendments, joint reso
lutions and all measures carrying appro
priations, according to Senate rules, must
be considered twelve days before adjourn-'
.ment sine die, and no action looking to
adjournment has yet been taken. The
date of final adjournment must be fixed
by a concurrent resolution, and at least
twelve days' notice of such adjournment
must be given.
Senator Smith will bring up the urgency
file question again to-morrow mornine.
and there is every indication that it will
then be settled in favor oi creating an
urgency bill.
It was conceded on all sides here that
The Call'- comprehensive resume of lee- j
-slative work was a valuable bit of enter
prise. Here are some of the expressions
relative to it:
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter— lt is a his
tory of the work of the session. The idea
is a good one. It calls the attention of
the people directly to the work of the ses
sion and places it before them in a way
that I should think would be very benefi
cial to the people of the State and mem
bers of the Legislature. It showed the
latter the need of expediting matters.
The more the people can be "informed of
what goes on here the more nearly can
the members come to serving then, and
carrying out their wishes. lam satisfied
that that is tbe disposition of this Legis
lature.
Senator Smith— The Call's resume of
legislative work is both interesting and
valuable. It show, in a concise form the
condition of all bills at the present time.
This will enable the people throughout the !
State to ascertain the status of bills in
which their sections are particularly in
terested, and aid tbem to prompt .tie
action of their representatives accordingly.
My greatest fear has been that the Legit.
lature might enact too many laws. This is
somewhat removed by the showing made
in The Call, from which I observe that
comparatively few bills are likely to reach
tinai passage. lam of the opinion that
within a day or two the Senate will begin
to conclude its labors.
Senator Voorheis— lt is a very good
thine, as it presents the status of legisla
tion in a most intelligible manner, and
tnus furnishes valuable information to the
members, and mor.- particularly for their
const tuents who are not here. (
Senator Holloway — It gives an excellent
idea of tne progress that has been made
and what we have yet to do to get away in
a reasonable lime.
Senator Bulla — It is a valuable compila
tion of what has been done and places us
all under obligations. The way tilings are
rushed here none of us can tell just where
we are. and thi*- gives us exactly the infor
mation we need. I think we owe The Call
thanks in getting this up in such a com
prehensive j^_--_______
TERRIBLE FLOODS IN THE EAST.
Great Loss of Life and Destruction of
Property in Ohio, Kentucky anil
Pen nsy Iran ia.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Feb. 23.— The Ohio
River has been rising at the rate of 3
inches an hour since 11 a. m. At 9 o'clock
50 feet 3 inches was the stage. Reports
from all up-river points are that the heavy
rains of the past twenty-four hours have
left all tributaries overflowing banks and
Rending volumes into the Ohio.
Unless there is a sharp freeze to stiffen
the water-soaked ground it is estimated
by river men that a sixty-foot" stage is al
most certain. The great tobacco ware
houses in Front street are full of water to
tho first floor.
At 10 o'clock to-night all the cellars on
Arabella street,. Newport, from Southgate
' to Fourth street, were full of water and
many residents were preparing to move
'out- The Licking River has inundated
the Queen City Jockey Club property at
Wildt-rs station, the track being almost
covered with water.
Water in the pits at the Lick rolling
mill has caused a shut-down and 250
hands will be idle. The crops of the
market, gardeners at Cumminsville and
Mill Creek Valley are probably destroyed.
.At 11 o'clock to-night the water was
standing about five feet over the main
tracks entering the Grand Central railroad
depot, and a 1 of the passenger trains of
the following railroads abandoned the
depot:, Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern!
Ohio and Mississippi, Big Four and Queen
and Crescent. The Chesapeake and Ohio
and Louisville and Nashville, by reason of
their tracks being more elevated, will not
be reached in the depot under sixty feet.
The roads abandoning the Grand Central
have a temporary depot that will be used
until ihe water subsides.
A dispatch from Charleston, W. Va.,
says there is fully six feet of water in the
Capitol yard. Every newspaper in town
is submerged. The electric-light and gas
plants are bath under water. A bureau
for the relief of the flood sufferers has
been opened. The water is falling, but a
second rise is reported coming. Business
is suspended.
At Bristol, Term., this mornine, a flood
poured down the valley, and but for the
blowing of alarm whistles several families
would have perished. The damage to
property will be heavy.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 23.— Streams
in Kentucky are clear out of their banks
and doing immeasurable damage. Several
people bnve been drowned in various
parts of tbe State. Much stock has been
lost, fencing swept away and other prop
erty almost ruined.
News comes from Pineville, Ky., that
two white men while crossing a raginc
stream were drowned, and also a revenue
officer, who was in the mountains looking
after moonshiners. .7"
In Berry, Knott, Letcher and Breathitt
counties the flood is doing much damage.
Jameson, the county seat of tho latter
county, is partly under water.
At Middlesboro, a cloudburst deluged
the locality drowning James Charwell, his
wife and four children.
At Harrodsbure, near Dixville, the water
run over the bridge. E. Patterson and
wife attempted to cross. Mrs. Patterson
and the mule she was riding were carried
away. The woman caught the limbs of
a tree, half a mile down the stream.
The husband swam to her and got her
out of the limbs. Neighbors made a raft
and reached them. The water washed
Patterson off the raft. He was finally
rescued in an unconscious condition and
will die.
Reports from Jackson and other places
uo the north fork say there has been con
siderable loss of life and property.
Mrs. llutzelle and little daughter were
drowned in their house, which, was
washed from the mountainside in Breat
hitt County last night. Two men whose
names could. not be learned were drowned
in one of the streams in Bell County.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 23.-The Ohio
River has risen $% feet here since yester
day and it is still rising nt the rate of
three inches an hour. Two-thirds of the
town of Corbin is under water. The dam
age from the flood in southeastern Ken
tucky is $200.000. . Near Donkey Jonas
Tyree was caught in tbe Powell River and
drowned.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 23.— Floods con
tinue throughout this section. The rivers
have overflowed their banks, causing con
| siderable damage. George Athey has been
j drowned. A number of cattle have been
lost.
McKEESPORT, Pa., Feb. 23.— 80 th the
Monongahela and Youghioeheny rivers
at this point had overflowed their banks,
and the streets and all the bouses in the
lower poriion of the city are inundated.
All the mills and factories in the flooded
district are submerged, and operations
are suspended.' .The situation is serious.
The loss in this city alone is $200,000.
ATTEMPTS TO JUSTIFY IME RAID.
j Rhodes Accuses President Kruger of
Breaking Mis Promises.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 23.— The examina
tion of Cecil Rhodes by a parliamentary
committee was resumed to-day. Several
times Rhodes attempted to justify the raid
by calling attention to the fact that Eng
land was now in full sympathy with the
Cretans in seeking to obtain their civil
rights, whereas it was Britons who sought
civil rights in the Transvaal. Rhodes
declared that President Kruger had
premised to grant popular rights, but had
failed to keep his promises.
STATE MINERALOGIST A. S. COOPER.
.*_____> ■^_B__Bww_twtf_B-taM_w^*wgwßwtia_Pß_t»aß6_wi
'From a photograph by Taber.J
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 23.— S. Cooper oi Santa Barbara is the latest recipient of the I
gifts within the power of the executive to bestow, he having been to-day appointed by
Governor Budd to the position of State Mineralogist, vice J.J. Crawford, term expired. The
office carries a salary of $3000 a rear, with a number of minor appointments, paying salaries
which range from $100 to $150 a month.
For over twenty years Cooper has been a resident of Santa Barbara. He was County
Surveyor for several terms, and has held municipal offices in the city of Santa Barbara. Last
year he was again elected to the City Council by a large majority, and was one of the few
successful Democrats in a Republican county. He was also a delegate to the Democratic State
Convention. - r
During the la* decide he has devoted his attention exclusively to the study and examina
tion of asphaltum and oil. For nearly a quarter of a century he has been collecting books and
other publications upon the subject of rfsphaltum, and to-day he has a library on this special
topic that is said to be the most complete of it* kind in the world. ,
As a long recognized authority and writer on asphaltum he is well known throughout Ihe
oil-bearing regions of Southern California. It mr.y naturally be expected that the oil industry
of this State, s* favorably mentioned during the past year as a future resource of great value,
will receive more attention than has heretofore been given to it.
Over thirty years ego Cooper, who, by the way, is not related to Elwood Cooper, the olive
oil maker of Santa Barbara, was the telegraph operator at Santa Crux. Messages were few In
those days and Cooper devised what was the original of the "line is busy; call again," so that
he might leave his office occasionally and enjoy, himielt with the other, habitues of the ocean
beach. ■ \. , -
The new State mineralogist has the reputation of being a great story-teller and has many
select yarns credited to him. 7 77> ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
EIGHTEEN DAYS
MORE OF LIFE
Both Branches of the State
Legislature to Adjourn
March 13
Assemblyman San'ord Scores
Milimen Who Abuse Their
Employes. -
Not a Dissenting Voice to the Retire-
ment of Chief Crowley on
a Pension. .
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. When
will the Legislature adjourn? is a question
that is being anxiously asked by persons
j interested in the fate of the fifteen bun
i dred and odd bills now pending. The
Senate has passed a concurrent resolution
to adjourn without delay on March 4, and
that resolution is now before the Assem- I
bly Committee on Ways and Means. A
large number of Assemblymen were inter
viewed this morning by a Call correspon
dent and they said that while the subject
had not been formally discussed, the gen
eral opinion was that the final adjourn
ment should be taken on March 13 — four
i days before the Corbett-Fitzsimmons fight
in Nevada.
As was announced exclusively in The
I Call this morning, Assemblyman Sanford
of Mendocino rose to a question of privi
lege in reply to the charges made by cer
tain residents of Mendocino County and
published in last Sunday's Call. His
statement was the same as that in to-day's
issue, but he added concerning W. P. Mc- ]
Faul, one of the protestants:
"Who is this W. P. McFaul? He is an
owner in the Hardy Creek Lumber Com
pany; be is the Assessor of Mendocino
County, and the experts found that he
was $5000 short in his accounts aDd his
bondsmen had to make it good. E. C. Will
iams, another of those protestants, was
for five years secretary and treasurer of
| the Mendocino Lumber Company."
Sanford was applaud d by the gallery
and halt the members of the Assembly
when he had concluded.
Assemblymen Ennis and Sims of Sacra
mento trembled in their cane-bottomed
thrones when Arnerich's Assembly bill
727 came up for consideration this even
ing. The bill is entitled:
An act entitled an act to form agricultural
districts, to provide for formation of agricul
tural associations therein, and for the man- i
agement and control of the name by the State, I
, and to repeal _li acts and parts of acts in con
> flict with this act.
It will be remembered tbat at the last !
session Governor Budd vetoed many ap- •
' propriations for agricultural district as- '
, sociations with the result that district !
fairs languished, and the fat bog, the i
I woolly sheep and the bloated pumpkin I
j wasted their sweetness on the irrigated I
i field. The pres nt bill was introduced on !
i be hal i of the agriculturists of this State j
who believe that under proper regulations ,
agricultural district associations and fairs
may be productive of much good. It oe- I
( creases the number of districts to thirty- :
" six and ' makes a Hew apportionment all
around. By request of the representa- I
tives from Sacramento that county was !
left out of the bill, the purpose being to j
leave Sacramento at liberty to ask for an j
appropriation for State fair purposes.
A country member, sniffing the air sus
piciously, asked for the reason of the
: omission of Sacramento County from the
! bill. Price of Sonoma, the implacable foe
| of the meadow lark, replied that Sacra
mento did not want an agricultural dis
trict appropriation.
Melick of Los Angeles informed the As
sembly that Sacramento did not ask for j
an appropriation for a district fair because i
she wanted to come in and ask for one for j
the State fair. - '"_* ;*. '
Belshaw of Contra Costa seemed to be
wrought up over the matter, and declared I
with much vehemence that two years ago
the country members had been bunkoed.
"The nigger in r this bill," he added,-"is
that Sacramento .wants to say 'we have
no district fair appropriation, \ and we
ought to have one for a State fair.' At the
last session the country, members were
hoodwinked into voting for the State
Fair appropriations when the Sacramento
members knew that the Governor was
going to veto those for the district fairs."
■:. Shanahan denied that any of the, dis
trict fair appropriations were used for
horseractng. On the contrary, such use
was prohibited -by law. All the money
appropriated went back to the farmers in
the way of premiums for fruit and the
like. He saw no reason why the House
should insist on Sacramento taking some
thing that she did not want.
. Mt-lick tbought that at this time, when
the people 1 were crying out for actual
economy, to appropriate a large sum of
money for such purposes among the dif
ferent counties was an extravagance that
sbould be stopped. District fairs were
productive of no good. "In Los Angeles
County," he continued, "we know tbat
we can raise better products than in any
other part of the. world, and we don't
need to bring them together."
Affairs were getting very warm about
that lime and Price moved that the bill be
referred to the Ways and Means Com
mittee with instructions to report an
amendment containing such amounts as
may be considered best for the several
agricultural districts.
It is expected that the Assembly will on
to-morrow evening proceed to consider
Melick's Assembly bill 654 regulating pub
lications by State officers and commis
sioners, common councils, boards of
writers or Supervisors in counties, cities,
cities and counties, or. towns; and Melick's
Assembly bill 655 on the law of libel,
allowing newspapers to justify by publish
ing a retraction of libelous statements
made without malice.
These bills are of more than ordinary
interest to newspaper publishers and the
public generally. No. 654 defines a news
paper of general circulation as a newspa
per which publishes general and local
news. It was passed at the. last session,
but the Governor vetoed it becouse it pro
vided that such a newspaper should con
tain news transmitted by telegraph. As
many of the country papers cannot afford
to pay for wired words the bill was objec
tionable to the Governor. The word "tel
egraphic" has b en omitted in the present
bill, but an effort is being made in the
j lobby in the interest of lawyers to insert
the word "legal. in the bill. Should this
i be done official advertising may be in-
I serted in law journals which by copying a
{ few items of foreign and local news irom
' the morning papers may claim to be
classed as newspapers of general circula
tion.
When Senate biil 32 came up for third
reading and final passage this afternoon
Dibble of San Francisco made an urgent
plea for its passage. He explained that
the object of the bill was to do away with
arbitrary assessments by Assessors
throughout the Stale, and enabling As
sessors to obtain statements from owners
| of real and personal property as to the
quantity and value of their assessable
property. Supervisors are prohibited from
changing assessments. "It will place on
the assessment roll," continued Mr. Dib
ole, "thirty or forty millions of properly
that has been escaping taxation for the
past twenty years."
The bill was carried before the Speaker
; had announced the result of the rollcall,
■ but several members- who bad come in
during the rollcall and who had voted
aye on Dibble's statement that it was a
bill to tax millionaires, changed their
I votes from aye to no when tbey saw
i on inspecting the file that Braunhart was
i the author. Malcolm, Cutter, Bettman,
I Belsbaw, Leavitt, North of Alameda,
! Arnerich, Robinson and Dennery were
i the first to change their votes. The bill
was refused final passage by 18 ayes and
39 noes.
Sports will be pleased to learn that the
Senate bills of Mahoney and Pedlar pro
hibiting glove contests were denied final
passage in the Assembly. The vote was
almost unanimous. Toland gave notice
of a motion to reconsider, but that's all
tbe good it will do him.
The vote finally passing Senate bill 13,
allowing Chief of Police Crowley to retire
on a pension, was a grand compliment to
the Chief. There were 54 ayes and no
noes. f ■■•*:
IX SENATE AND ASSEMBLY.
Refusal to Reconsider the Rill Relating
to Mrs. Stanford's Bequests.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 23. — The
Senate this morning refused to reconsider
its action in passing the bill which per
mits Mrs. Stanford to bequeath all her
property to the university.
The following bills were passed: By
Dickinson, providing for the inspection of
dairies; ' by Li Rue, relating to the sale of
the interest of a ward in homestead prop
erty. .
"Withington's bill, amending the Civil
Code relative to the answer of defendants
in civil action«, was killed.
This afternoon the Senate passed as
amended the Assembly bill prohibiting
the pledging of candidates for public office
except by the nominating convention;
also the Assembly bill accepting from the
Veterans' Home Association the title of
the Veterans' Home property in Napa.
Assembly bill increasing the employes
of the Supreme Court was amended by
Withington, making the salaries as fol
lows: Phonos-raphic reporter*, $3000 and
$2400; secretaries, $2400 and $1200; bailiff.
$1200. This increases the salary roll $300.
Dibble's bill making it a misdemeanor
for pioprietors of I otels, bathhouses, etc..
to refuse accommodations to persons
irrespective of race was amended by Dick
inson making the defendant liable in a
civil action for damage-.
Holioway introduced a resolution pro
viding for a special urgency file, upon
which each Senator be allowed to place
one bill. Lost. Adjourned.
The Senate to-nignt passed the follow
ing Senate bills: Permitting the sale of
stock left in pasture or stables for pastur
age or feed ; permitting the sale of water
by municipalities outside of corporation
limits wheie there is an excess of
supply; abolishing the office of quar
antine officer on the State Board of i
Health; providing for payment of debts
owing by district agricultural societies;
Braunhart'* bill concerning the water
front of San Francisco; appropriating
$15,000 for placing boundary monuments
for 400 miles north of tbe Colorado River.
The bill providing that attorneys' fj es in
all cases of foreclosure's of mortgages shall
be taxed as costs to defendant was lost.
The second reading file was taken up.
This morning's session of the Assembly
was devoted to a discussion of Arnerich's
l bills appropriating money lor district
| agricultural fairs and defining said dis
tricts.
A resolution was. offered to have the
matter referred to the Ways, and Means
Committee to define the amounts to be
given to each district.
The Assembly this afternoon passed
the ' following Senate bills: ' Prohibit
ing the manufacture and sale of imi
tation and adulterated butter and
cheese and providing a penalty, therefor;
providing for the, election or appointment
of separate Judges in the Superior Court of
Yuba and Sutter counties; legalizing ac
knowledgment of instruments heretofore
made before notaries, justices, etc.
The report of " tbe Committee on Con
tested Elections was taken up out of
order. The report recommends the seat
ing of, Kelsey instead of McLauren.
Caminetti moved to recommit: the case
with instructions to the committee to sub
pena election officers and other witnesses.
After considerable debate, the matter was
made a special order for to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock. t"- Adjourned.
Death of the Noted Blondin.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. • 23.— Blondin," the
celebrated tight-rope walker, who was the
first person to cross Niagara Falls on a
tightrope, which feat he performed on
Au.ust 17, 1859, died from diabetes to-day
at Ealing, a suburb of London.
Removal— Dr. S. W. Dennis, dentist,. has re
moved from 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 825-855 Market, over Emporium. *
p^^^^^^p^^p^^^f^^^^^^^^p^^F^l^
MARE MISTAKES
Come Before Too Late.
IT MEANS
Mo in Your Poctet
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS'
Bankrupt Sale!
Never in the history of the
clothing trade of San Fran-
cisco has such bargains been
offered.
THINK OF IT!
Good honest goods for less
than the cost of the material.
THIS IS NO DREAM.
We have some 300 Dress
Suits which we guarantee all
wool in handsome '"■: Scotch
tweeds. They are " worth
$12.50. Our price
$5.95,
They Can't Be Beat.
We still have about 250
Men's Fine All-wool Worsted
Dress' Suits, warranted -fast
color. They are sold all over
for $15. Our price
$7.45.
Have You Seen
Those Blue and Black Beaver
Overcoats with velvet collars?
They are dandies and are
.worth $12. . Our price .
$6.90.
T-EEC
Baldwin Clothiers,
924 to 930. MARKET ST.
(BALDWIN ANNEX),' San Francisco.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
CIVIL SERVICE
LAW A HUMBUG
So Says Congressman Bai
ley From the Lone
Star State.
And Many Representatives, Re
gardless of Party, Agree
With Him.
t
H ghly Interesting Discussion of the
Spoils System on the F.oor
of the H:use.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23— In the
House to-day Fischer (R.) of New York
nt.t-.ea unanimous consent for considera
tion of tbe bill to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint Lieutenant Robert
Piatt commander in the navy, and ex
plained why it was desirable that the bill
should be passed, he being the only officer
in the navy who could not without special
legislation be promoted. Objection was
made, however, and the bill failed for the
present.
HooKer (R.) of New York was no more
successful in his effort to pass a bill to
amend the river and harbor act of 1894, so
as to permit the completion of the last of
the series of reservoirs at the head of the
Mississippi River. Upon the statement
of Fletcher (R.) of Minnesota, he did not
think the failure to pass the bill would
result in preventing the completion of the
reservoirs.
Loud (R.) of California objected, saying
that so far as it was possible for him to do
so he intended to prevent further foolish
ness of the kind. \ ;
Tire House then went into committee of
the whole to further consider the naval
appropriation bill. 7
; Barrett (R. of Massachusetts offered
an amendment to the bill providing for
tbe construction of a drydock at the Bo
ton navy-yard not to cost more than a
million dollars, and appropriating $100,000
to begin the work. ;. ,-■*•-;
Barrett, commenting severely upon I
Navy Department views so far as they re
lated to lack of necessity, for additional
drydock systems at Boston, urged the
necessity and expediency alike of - provid
ing 'ample docking facilities.'- Without
them the navy would be a fleeting show,
fit for parades in time of peace, but for
nothing in war.
Doolittle (R.) of Washington, Tyler (D.)
of Virginia and Boutelle (R.) of Maine re
plied to Barrett.
• Sulloway (R.) of New York made a
point of order against Barrett's mo
tion that it was new legislation, ln
his opinion Boston was the worst place on
the coast to build a drydock. If by any
accident or providence of God a naval ves
sel should be got into the drydock, the
only way it could be got out would bo to
take it apart, « hip the pieces to Ports
mouth, . put then, together and then
launch it upon the 63 feet of water that
whs there. [Laughter.]
He sympathized with the efforts of the
people of Boston to make it ft seaport
NEW . TO-DAY CLOTHING.
OCOOOOOOOOOOOO"
A 1
GREAT
SUCCESS!
: Beyond our most sanguine
expectations. Our goods and
our prices are our mouth-
piece. By calling at our
mammoth establishment,
which beyond- a question of
doubt is the largest in this
city, you will easily be con-
vinced that all we assert is
true.
WE DEFY DULL TIMES!
Mothers,
We can give you a good
strong School Suit,, that you'll
have to pay $2. 50 for in any
other store in town, for
95c.
For Your Boy!
We can give you an All-
wool Josie or Reefer Suit,
prettily trimmed, worth and
sold for $3, for
$1.35.
Youths' Suits!
*' For a swell dresser. We
still have about 200 Young
Men's Fine Scotch Cheviot
Suits, worth $7.^0. Our price
$4.95.
THE
Baldwin Clothiers,
924 to 930 MARKET ST.
(BALDWIN ANNEX), San Francisco.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
[laughter] and after they bad dug out the
mud and blasted out the' rocks in the
harbor so as to make it safe for ordinary
merchantmen to try to turn around there,
he would unite with them in their efforts
to get a drydock.
Hilborn (R.) of California offered a sub
stitute provision authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a board of compe
tent officers to take the whole subject of
drydocks into consideration and report.
The substitute was rejected and Barrett's
amendment was defeated. * <-.-
After some further, debate the bill was
reported to the Honse without amend
ment and passed without a division.
The House entered again upon an era
of requests for consideration of bills by
unanimous consent, and under such con
sents several minor bills were passed.
. The first bill presented provoked an em
phatic and formal arraignment of the
course of patronage upon Congressional
service by Baily (D.) of Texas. It came
from the Committee on Jullciary, re
ported by Broderick (R.) of Kansas, and.
offered to amend section, 1815, revised
statutes*, to give the Governors of . Territo
ries power to remove appointees by them
selves or their predecessors. It was advo
cated by Murphy (R.) of Arizona, who ex
plained the desirability of the proposed
change.
Bailey (D.) of Texas, a member of the
Committee on Judiciary, opposed the bill,
saying it was a partisan one and that it
was one to enable the Governor of Arizona
soon to be appointed by the incoming Re
publican administration to remove Demo
cratic officials who under the law are en
titled to serve two years longer and put in
Republicans. 7.; ■;_
Catron (R.) of New Mexico favored the
passage of the bill as did Flynn (R.) of
Oklahoma, who asked that the Republi
cans be treated as they had treated the
Democrats under like conditions.
"lam," he said, "in favor of wiping out
the civil-service laws and filling every
office with Republicans." [Applause.]
Grosvenor (R. of Ohio aid not seem to
think that the Governors of the Terri
tories were entitled to any more power in
making appointments than Presidents of
the United States, and yet, be said, under
the civil-service law in -its. development
the President- could not take his sten
ographer, his typewriter or even a messen
ger into the White House with him with
out tne consent of this bureau, which had
usurped all functions of the Government.
j "I am in favor of the bill, however," he
said, "because I believe it to be a step in
tbe right direction. There is a tide rising
in t. is country which will sweep this
bureaucracy from power. The young men
propose to nave something to say and to
do about their country." [Applause.]
Grosvenor's assertion about the power
of the President to appoint employes to
offices in the White House had been made
in connection with statements about other
officials, who, he asserted, were also de
prived •of th power of selecting even
their confidential clerks or cashiers.
He was responded to vigorously by Bro
sius (R. ) of Pennsylvania, chairman of the 1
Committee on Civil Service Reform, who '
said tliat the merit system was the best
one by which young men could gain ad
mission into the public service. -."It saved
them the humiliation of. becoming beggars
at the ieet of bosses who are supposed to
have these favors to grant. They were
saved the degradation of becoming the
servile tools of politicians."
There was no objection, Brosius contin
ued, to the application of the merit system
in re ulating admission to the public ser
vice, but the scandal of the spoils system
continued inside of the service, and if pro
motions could be made to depend upon
merit alone there would bo no objection to
the system on the part of any one.
Bailey, resuming the floor, proceeded to
refer to the declarations of the Republican
party upon the subject of civil service re
form, when he was interrupted by Steele
(R.) of Indiana, who asked: "But what do
you think of it yourself
Bailey (impressively) l think it is a
humbug, sir.
Faria (R.) of . Indiana— Why didn't you
repeal the law, then. .
Bailey ßecause we did not have sense
enough.'' I think we will know better next
time. [Laughter.] : ',:_..-;
1 '■ An opportunity ' was given Brosius to ,
oooooosoooooog
OUR
BOLD
DEFY!
We defy any house in San
Francisco to keep pace with
us. We are selling goods for
less money than other houses
can buy them for.
THESE ARE FACTS-
UNDENIABLE FACTS.
We have set the pace and
mean to keep it up.
Who Can Beat This?
200 dozen ; Boys' Fine
French Percale Blouse Waists,
soft bosoms, large sailor col-
lars, pretty patterns, worth
7^c. Our price
35c.
A Rib-Roaster!
500 Men's* All-wool Tweed
Pants, pretty patterns. They
are worth . and sold every-
where for $3. A revelation.
$1.15.
100 dozen Scotch Woo!
Underwear, all sizes, sold by
everybody for 50c. Our
price
__ 25c.
THE 3
Baldwin Clothiers,
. 924 to 930 MARKET ST.
(BALDWIN ANNEX), San Francisco.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
reply briefly to Grosvenor. He disclaimed
in the first place the gentleman's assertion
that the law was a Democratic -law. It
was passed, he said, by a Republican
House, and for . more than twenty-five
years the Republican conventions" had
vied with the Democratic conventions in
approval of the system. "And when I
hear such sentiments as those," he dra
matically exclaimed, "and notice the ap
plause that comes from Republican repre
sentatives manifesting their approval of
those statements, I cannot but feel the* I.
is the flashing of the sword in the heart of
the President-elect. [Cries of "Oh ! Oh!"]
- He quoted from Major McKinley'a let
ter of acceptance of the Republican nomi
nation last year, in which he stated
"The Republican party will take no back
ward step on this question," and added:
"That is patriotism which found its im
personation in that great citizen of Ohio
who for the next four years will have the
entire control of the executive service of
the country." • 7' -
After a short denunciation of the spoils
system as practiced in Congress by Walker
(R.) of Massachusetts, the previous ques
tion on the passage of the bill was ordered
and the bill passed by a vote of 119 to 57.
apparently an almost strictly party vote.
At 5:15 p. m. the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
Bryan Not Wanted.
' HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 23.— The
House to-day, by a vote of 55 to 31, passed
a resolution inviting W. J. Bryan to visit
the Capitol during his stay in this State,
February 25 and 26. In the Senate the
resolution was rejected by an emphatic
aye and no vote. ■■;- : J , ■;■
hew to-dat:
tMany a free man
who is sick would
willingly change
places with a
healthy convict. A
man might as ?-rell
be shut out of en-
joyment one way
as another. If he
is shut up in a cell,
he cannot engage
in active pleasures.
He cannot see the
beauties of nature
*Eflß CSl__-fl(- \%J*3&i and art, but he can
fmjfi BliPg™ l-gPSf _ft imagine them, and
w^^^vJcOT^ /| so get some benefit
j fi.^/^i-rt'jgs&rf *f A from them. A
man who is sick
has these things before him, but he doesn't
see them as they exist. He cannot look on
anything with appreciative eyes. His phy-
sical condition warps his vision and his men-
tality. He cannot enjoy anything, no matter
how enjoyable it may be in the abstract. A
man with a foul taste in. his mouth, with a
bilious headache, and with poisonous refuse
I matter circulating all through his body can-
not enjoy anything. He honestly believes
that the world is all wrong, and that it is a
mighty poor place to be in. He is blue,
despondent, cynical. Life isn't worth liv-
ing to him. Such a simple thing causes
this condition that it is absurd and ridicu-
lous to think of a sensible man remaining
;in it.. Symptoms like these come from con-
stipation. It is the most prevalent of all
causes of sickness. It makes a man worth-
less for work or pleasure. It is a stubborn
trouble when you do not _reat it properly,
and a simple one when yon do. It is cured
by Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets. They were
made for this purpose, and no other. They
accomplish this purpose as no other prep-
aration ever did. An unscrupulous druggist
may try to sell you something else. Look
out ! It is your health that is at stake. It
is your health against an extra profit on the
thing he says is "just as good." Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets — don't forget
don't take anything else.
'..«__ . ' .
t"_-"-"^__§^L_ The People's Common Sense
rSredplf^fa Medical Adviser, in plain En-
i <&?£_*s3^ glish, or Medicine Simplified by
I tut_\ R.V. Pierce, M. D., Chief Consult-
I -sih i*Jl_f i*"R Physician to the Invalids' Ho-
lttt\ £%*> tel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo,
|\%7 arm*** N. ,Y., 1008 pages, illustrated.
I 660.000 copies sold at $1.50. Now
i sent, I paper-bound, absoltttely
%w *';l«ir' free on receipt of at one-cent
?___< stamps to pay for mailing only.
iiigP Address the Author, a* above.
34
AQUATIC SPORTS
AT SAN DIEGO
With Contests on the Bay
the Water Carnival
Closes.
Forty Small Sailing Craft Test
• ' Their Speed in a Light
Breeze.
Oarsmen From the Men-of-War Make
Fast Tim-; in Exciting
Competition. *
'. SAN DIEGO; Cai.., Feb. 23.-With a
1 igbt southeast wind blowing, forty yachts,
stoops, catboats, sharpies and fishing
boats crossed the line between the Phila
delphia and the Santa Fe wharf at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. • , I - « ,
Five minutes previous a six-pounder
fired from the prow of the Philadelphia
gave' the signal to line up, and as Judge
Frank Sargent fired the pistol they passed
up the bay like a troop of white chariot \
racers.
Before the close of the race the wind
had veered around to the northwest and
developed into a twelve-knot breeze which
brought all the boats home a-spinninc.
The winners in the various classes,
the time not given, were: Sloops —
First, Angeline, N. D. Nichols, skipper;
.econd, Grade, Alexander Williamson.
Catboats— First, Nellie Adell ; second,
Volunteer. Sharpies — First, Louise,
Lew B. Harris; second, Jennie 8., Mitch
ell Brazier.
Fisbingboats— First, St. Joseph; second,
.Champion.
While the yacht races were in progress
the warship's' boat races were started.
The first event called was the twelve-oar
cutter race, participated in by crews from
* the United States ships Marion, Monterey
and Philadelphia.
ln rounding the first stakeboat all three
boats came together in a bad mix-up,
from which th« Philadelphia boys first
succeeded in extricating themselves.
The Marion crew won, however, in the
remarkable time of 17:51 over a course of
three miles. Because of the foul the judges
refused to award the prize.
The next race was the six-oar eig con
test, participated in by crews from all
three warships as well as the Naval lie
serves.
The race was very exciting throughout j
and all Nthe crews showed remarkable en
durance. To the surprise of nearly every
one the Corwin crew came in first. Time,
15:06%. This is believed to beat the coast
record for six -oared gigs.
, In the ten-oar cutter race tho crew of
the Comus showed on time and. no others
appearing, the Britishers rowed over the j
three-mile course without a pacemaker in
the magnificent time of 17:59"^.
The race between the ship's cutters un- \
der sail was won by the Monadnock over I
a course of two and a half miles in 29:201 |
. The carnival committee closed its labors '<
to-night with all bills paid and several I
hundred dollars in the treasury. A large I
number of visitors have left the city, al- i
though several thousand remain.
SALINAS MOTHER'S GRIEF.
Crazed by Loneliness After Her Sons Had
Left Her to Seek Their '
Fortune.
SALINAS, Cal., Feb. 23.— The surpass- i
. ing strength of a mother's love was seen i
forcibly yesterday morning when Mrs. E. ■
. Souza, a woman about 50 years of age and
" "long a resident of Salinas, was found wan- ',
dering about the streets of the town intent }
upon a search for her children, whom she j
believed to be lost. The case is an un- |
usually sad one and is exciting the deep- I
est sympathy.
Many years ago Mr?. Souza came to
Salinas with her husband and here all of I
ber children were born and reared. In
time most of them married and left home, i
"and only three young men remained with i
their mother. These sons purchased a '
ranch in the Cachaqua, near Jamesburg, j
and they, with Mrs. Souza, lived upon it '
. till about three years ago. when two, of the
sons moved to San Frnncisco, where they
engaged in business. 'While in San Fran- '
cisco one of them (Claude) died aud bis
body was brought home for burial. The j
shock of this death seemed to affect tbe
old mother to a degree from which she' •
could not rally and she grew gradually ;
nervous, morose and disheartened. The !
culminating jioint of her sadness was
reached about a fortnight ago, when the j
last son who hat remained with her joined
his brother in Sin Fiancisco and she was
entirely alone. _,
Last Friday she received word from her
boys to come to them in San Francisco,
and she hastened to Salinas, intending to
start for Sa_t" Francisco yesterday morn
ing. She stopped at the home of Mrs.
. Starrs, a friend who lived near the San
Juan road, and retired at night with her
thoughts so firmly fixed upon her journey
and her children tbat this very intentness
of purpose must have unbalanced her
mind, already weakened by constant
broodings over her loneliness. When Miss
Starrs, who was to accompany her as far
as Castroville, went to her. room at 6
o'clock yesterday morning to awaken her
Mrs. Souza bad disappeared. A search <
was immediately begun and about 7 o'ciock
Constable Allen found ber wandering aim
lessly about and took her temporarily to
the home of Mrs. R. Vierras, where a phy
sician was called and soothing medicine
given to the distracted woman. The doc
tor said that Mrs. Souza was suffering
from severe nervous prostration, and if
her sons did not come to relieve her mind
at once by their presence she would have
to be taken to an asylum. The sons were
telephoned for as soon as their mother j
was found, but since the message was sent
to them Mrs. pSonza has grown rapidly I
worse and has become so violent that Con
stable Allen found it necessary to swear I
out a warrant for her examination for in- i
sanity.
- -
CROCKER AT LOS ANGELES.
Southern Pac.fic President Predicts
an Early Return of Pros
perity.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. Colonel
Charles F. Crocker, first vice-president of
the Southern Pacific Company, who ar
rived from San Francisco yesterday in his
private car, accompanied by Hon. Thomas
H. Caswell, grand commander of Scottish
Rite Masons, and Messrs. C. S. Patten
and Franc Pierce as guests, went to Pasa
dena this afternoon, where they will re
main to-night. To-morrow tbe party will
go to San Diego, with the exception of
Mr, Caswell, who goes direct to Washing
ton, where he will participate in the in
uguration ceremonies as a member of t he
reception committee from this .State.
Colonel Crocker's party will return from
San Diego on Thursday to attend tbe ses
sion of Los Angeles Commandery of
Knights Templars in the evening.
Colonel Crocker was asked by a . Call
correspondent . what he thought of the
business situation — whether he believed
there would be an early improvement.
"Yes,", he replied, "I believe that bus!-'
Prominent Theoiophists Who Participated in the Dedication of
the College of Mysteries on Point Loma.
ness will improve in this State, because
stocks of such articles as we produce are
now very low and prices are likely to be
good for onr next crop, which promises to
be a large one. Then we are likely to have
the tariff matter settled in a short time.
President McKinley will call an extra ses
sion of Congress, to meet March \5, and
everything else in the way of legislation
will be subordinated to the enactment of a
tariff act. I believe that it will be passed
in time to take effect at the commence
ment of *he next Government fiscal year—
that is, July 1. Tbat will bring assurance
of a axed tariff for years to come,
sufficiently large to meet the expenses of
the Government, and so adjusted as to
provide, considerable protection to Ameri
can industries. I believe that this will re
_ult in a gradual improvement in business
and industrial conditions in every direc
tion."
FRESNO'S DEAD BURGLAR.
The Man Killed by Dsputy Sheriff Tim
mins Not the Notorious Outlaw
Muldoon.
. FRESNO, Cm.., Feb. 23.— The killing of
James Denman by Deputy Sheriff Tim
mins in the Courthouse Park last night
while Denman was attempting to escape
from the officer, who was taking him to
jail, bas been the subject of street discus
sion to-day. 7 7
Coroner Long .held an inquest on the
! body and the jury exonerated the Dep-
I uty Sheriff, who performed his duty under
j the law in shooting the man.
It has developed, however, that Denman
was not the Kings County horsethief
whom Timmins supposed lie was. The
name of tbe notorious thief is Muldoon,
and he is still at large.
But when Timtuin.s arrested Denman
he knew that his prisoner was guilty of
burglary in a residence in tbis city a few
days ago, besides suspecting him of being
Muldoon.
It was established to-day that Denman
entered the house of William Hogan in
the northern part of the city, and persons
who bad seen him emerge from th. house
identified the body to-day as that of the
burglar.
Though not the horse-thief for whom
the officers are so diligently looking, Den
man is Known to have been a law-breaker,
by wnose riddance the community is
much benefited.
Having arrested the man on a felony
I chars*, that of burglary, Deputy Sheriff
I Timmins was justified under the law in
shooting D->nman when the prisoner tried
to e«.cat)e. No one is censuring the Deputy
Sheriff.' ; ,f
GONE TO SEE CLEVELAND.
New Mexico's Governor Resents the Presi
dent's Interference to Save
Assassins.
SANTA FE, N. M., Feb. 23.— Governor
Thornton will leave Santa Fe to-morrow
for Washington. He will go to answer the
charges which have been made that be is
prejudiced against the two assassins who
were to have been hanged to-day had not
Cleveland interfered. Governor Thornton
is considerably wrought up over the at
tempt to set aside the sentence of
death. He believes that the President has
been imposed upon, and for this reason
be considers tbat a personal interview will
be of more effect than any amount of
correspondence. Then too, in this par
ticular case, there are things which, the
Governor has been advised, had better be
spoken than written.
' When Governor Thornton reaches
Washington," one of his nearest friends
stated to-day, "he can tell the President
some things about this case which will
make him open his eyes." SESP
"Everybody in Santa Fe knows and has
known tbem, but in Washington it is
different."
"Should the men go to the gallows, it is
asserted, tbuv will make some sensational
disclosures."
No Hi,.,- Carnival This Year.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— commit
tee of citizens appointed to ascertain the
advisability of holding a carnival of roses
this spring has reported adversely and re
commends that the festival be postponed
until the spring of 1898. This action is
taken, owing to the time being limited to
get up a suitable fiesta this year, and also
because the Board of Trade ani the Santa
Clara Agricultural Society proposes hold
ing an extensive fair this fall.
Rum's Foes at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 23.— The
Southern California Auxiliary to the
American Anti-Saloon League to - day
elected the following officers: President,
Hon. P. M. Green or Pasadena; superin
tendent, Theodore D. .-mouse of Glen
dale; secretary, Rev. F. J. Culver of Pasa
dena; treasurer, Willard D. Ball of Los
Angelas. The - presidents arc the
presidents of each county league in South
ern California. .
Yuma Retains the Prison,
PHCENIX, Ariz., Feb. 23.— The House
bill for the removal of the Territorial prison
from Yuma to Prescott was defeated to
day in the Council by a vote of 5 to 4.
A life often' hangs In the balance, because --a
slight cold" has been suffered. to turn chronic;
when a prompt resort to Dr. -sync's Expecto
rant would have turned the scale. *
The best family Pill— Jayne a Painless Sanative.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
SAN JOSE'S NEW
CHARTER WINS
The Proposed Laws Adopted
by Almost a Two to
One Vote-
Given Majorities in Nineteen Out
of the Twenty Precincts
in the City.
State's Lawmakers Will* Be Asked tc
Ratify the Action of the
People.
SAN JOSE, ' Cal., Feb. 23.— The new
charter election passed off here to-day
j without incident, but much interest "was
, manifested and a good vote was polled.
• The proposition was carried by a vote of
almost two to one. 7 ; : : :" •? ?..' ...
There was no vary active opposition to
' the new charter, but that it should carry
by so large a majority was unexpected
' even by its most enthusiastic supporters.
In only one of the twenty precincts of the
i city was there a majority against It. This
i precinct was the second in the First
Ward.
The total vote of the city was 3017, of
! which 2001 were for the new charter and
j 1016 against it.
A meeting of the New Charter club was
! held to-night. A number of enthu
| siastic speeches were made, atten
j tion being called with much pride to
, the fact that the electors of San Jose
bad voted for a reorganization of tbe city
government, while in San Francisco, Los
Angeles and other cities new charter prop-
I ositions had been deieated at tbe polls in
I recent elections.
The New* Charter Club made arrange
: ments to send a delegation to Sacra
i mento to insure that the action of the
j people would be ratified at this session of
. the Legislature. 7 ,
D. M. Burnett and C. L. Witten will go
p to Sacramento to-morrow morning and S.
E. Smith, C. M. Wooster and W. G. Alex
j ander will leave on Thursday with certi
fied copies of the new charter.
At the meeting of the Common Council,
to-morrow evening the vote upon the
I charter will be canvassed, and tbe result
| will be announced officially, so tbat the
• matter can then be presented formally for
i the ratification of the Legislature.
Notre Dame Society Fair.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— The Notre
Dame Society of ibis city is holding a
fancy-work bazaar in the bail at. Notre
Dame Convent. The exhibits, consisting
of pictures, paintings, fancy work and or
naments, are many and beautiful. The
proceeds will be used to aid poor churches
and foreign mis-inns in furnishing vest
ments and other articles necessary to cele
brate divine worship according to the
rites of the Catholic church. The at
tendance yesterday and to-day has been
good. The fair will continue the rest of
the week;
In Dnadltf Fear of Water.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— William
Stewart, a tramp, was brought to the
County Jail to-day from Mountain View
by Constable Martin to await an examina
tion as to bis sanity. Stewart's mania is
a deadly fear of water, and at the men
tion of a bath be goes into a violent pas
sion. He hails from San Francisco, and
claims to have been robbed of $15 while
taking a bath there some fourteen months
ago. He is a native of Ireland, and about
50 years of age.
Run Down by a Train.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— John Mc-
Ginley, a laborer, who has been employed
about Campbell, was ran down by a
passenger train near that place yesterday
afternoon and his foot was badly crushed.
It is supposed he was intoxicated, as be
paid no attention to the approaching
train, and fell over upon the track when
the train was right upon him.
Sues Mis Wife for a'< Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— Robert F.
Black to-day began a suit for divorce from
Emma K. Black, on the ground of deser
tion. -They, were married in Eastern
Canada nine years ago, and have one
child. Black came to this State a couple
of years ago, but bis wife refuses to join
him.* • • ~ - •
I Policeman Confesses Insolvency,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23— E. W. M.
rJateman, a policeman, to-day filed a
petition in insolvency. His liabilities are
$483. ' There are no assets." Continued
sickness in his family ' and pecuniary
losses are given as the cause. ■ "y*?.. 4
SOLEMN RITES
ON POINT LOMA
Theosophists of the World
Dedicate the School of .
Mysteries- -''■-. !
Its Corner-Stone a Piece of Onyx;
. From the Temple of thel>^i
Sphynx.
President Hargrav. < Explains the
Obj ct for Which the College 7
Was Pnj;cted
SAN DIEGO, Cai^, Feb. 23.— Tuesday,
February 23, 1897, will ever remain a great
day in the history of theosophy. For on '
this day, let it be told, in tue park jof 135
acres recently purchased •". by the
theosophists on the northern end of Point
liOma, was laid the corner-stone of the
temple which is to be built and dedicated
to "the revival of tbe lost mysteries of
antiquity." * ' ; * ' *
The ceremonies were announced to take
place at 2 o'clock, but as early as 9 o'clock
this morning carriages were wending
their way along the road leading to
Point Loma.
Every available wheeled vehicle In the
city has been chartered. By 10 o'clock a
stream of people was pouring toward
Point Loma— bicyclists, equestrians, men
and women in carriages, road wagons, om
nibuses aud tally-hos.
The site of the proposed college, or
school as it is called, is a beautiful one
located on the heights on the ocean side
of the point, nearly opposite Rose ville
and overlooking the mighty Pacific to the
west.
To the north and east as far as the eye
can rea< h is a chain of mountains and
bills which stretch away southward into
Mexico, while almost at one's feet reposes
tne perfect bay of San Diego, its shore
bordered by tue cities of San Diego, Coro
nado and National City.
On reaching the spot the spectators
found every arrangement made for their
comfort and convenience. Seats were ar
ranged in amphitheater style, giving all a
front view of the enclosure containing
the cornerstone, the cap of which was
held in place by a derrick, from the top of
which were gracefully suspended, on ropes
stretching to the ground, the Sags of all
nations.
Over the entrance to the inclosure was
a large arch of evergreens supporting a
banner of yellow silk, upon which was
worked in purple silk the motto of the
order, "Truth, Light, Liberation for Dis
couraged Humanity."
Near the inclosure was pitched a small
closed tent, which none but the initiated
were allowed to enter.
At 2:30 o'clock the participants in the
ceremonies, twelve in number, came out
of the tent, each carrying some symbol
whose meaning was afterward explained
to the company. 7.
Then, standing by the cornerstone,
with Mr-. Tingley by his side and the
others ranged in parallel lines at right
angles to each other, President E. T. Har
grove of the societies in America, Europe
and Australasia, spoke on the objects of
the school. ••' 77-T, ':. ; .",..'.„. ,
The cap of the cornerstone,* which- is
not really a cornerstone, but a block of
San Diego granite, highly polished on its
face, was then lifted, disclosing. a com
panion stone having an orifice for the re
ceptacle of a tin box in its center.
This cap cornerstone, which is engraved
on its face with the initials of the school
and its date, is inlaid in the center with a
piece of Egyptian onyx taken from the
Temple of the Sphinx, and which was
presented to the crusaders by a sheik of
the Bedouins of tbat neighborhood.
The \ stone is designed to be subse
quently removed from its position and
placed in the center of the marble floor of
the main hall of the temple.
Advancing to tbe stone Mrs. Katherin
A. Tingley, who is tbe directress of the
school and the leader of the theosophical
movement in the world, placed within
the receptacle a square tin box contain
ing a history of the movement, "Best
Thoughts of Crusaders" and various par
chments.
The capstone was then lowered and
formally dedicated impressively. Mrs.
Tingley said:
"I dedicate this stone, a perfect square,
a fitting emblem of the perfect work to be
di.ne in the temple for the good of
humanity and the glory of the ancient
sage-?." v
Corn, oil ami wine were brought in order
by the participants and sprinkled by the
directress upon the stone. .These were fol
lowed by earth, emblem of man's body;
broken bottle of air, emblem of man's
breath; water, emblem of man's inner
self, and fire, emblem of man's spiritual
power.
"May these tires be lighted and may
ihey burn forever," was the invocation
offered. B*J£-ft3B£-lßl_--
Rev. W. Williams of England then
read a portion of Christ's sermon on
tbe mount from the orthodox Bible,
following which quotations appropriate
to the occasion were recite 1 from Hindoo
scriptures, St. Paul, Hennez, the Bible,
Chinese sages, Confucius, Emerson, the
Persian Bible, Buddhist scriptures, etc.
Following a reading by Miss Anna
,'■ ' "
Brvce and Mrs. Claude Falls Wright on
"Harmony," Mrs. Tingley spoke of the
great significance of the occasion,
claiming: that the rites performed
were similar to those of ancient times
when the scholars of the world gathered
to found temples of learning, which they
regarded as a benefit to humanity.
"The school." she said, "will be inter
national in character, but American
In center; a light to lighten
the dark places of earth. Children
will be taught the material rules of
physical,' mental and spiritual life, and
how to gain strength to use them for the
blessing of the entire world." *
After some Hindu chanting, followed
by the ringing of .gold* bells and more
cabalistic siens, • the American fla*
was lowered from the flagstaff and the
theosophicai flag, consisting of seven pur
ple stripes and six yellow ones', with a
yellow wreath enclosing a yellow star on
purple ground, was raised aloft.-? 7
The exercises then closed with ; a num
ber of eloquent and .impressive, though
brief,* addresses by E. P. .Rambo of San
Francisco, Dr. Lorin F. Wood, Henry T.
Patterson and other well-known theoso
phists. • -.'_ - p7
President Hargrove, in the course of his
remarks, stated that tuition in the .school
would be free, teachers draw no salary and
the real object- would De to bring about
the true and harmonious development of
the pupils in the -highest sense of the
word. j_<g?tegaß-3-g 777 ■
CLOVERDALE' S GUESTS DEPART.
Citrus Pair Just Closed Was One • of the
,•7 * Most Successful Held in the
State.- ■-; ';• .^7
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 23.— The ex
citement of the fair being over, the town
and tbe people have gradually relapsed
into their normal condition. This has been
the most successful fair ever held in Clo
verdale, which has now come to be looked
upon as the exposition city of northern
Sonoma valley. Altogether about 5000
people visited the fair. It has been the
one thing that has done the citrus in
terests ot the valley the most good. Clo
verdale got the biggest crown this year
tnat ever came up the valley. Santa Rosa
is vigilant. She is already talking about
getting up some kind of a fruit fair this
year, but it will not be an orange and
lemon show.
One of the handsomest glass cabinets in
the pavilion was tilled with hand-painted
china. It was the work of Mrs. W. E
Doty who, on plates, vase*, cups and
saucers and otner useful and ornamental
table ware, painted designs that are not
only lovely, but show a high order of ar
tistic talent. This cabinet of Mrs. Doty's
was one of the most admired exhibits of
the fair.
A man who worked early and late for
the success of the fair was G. B. Wilson,
its superintendent. Mr. Wilson saw that
all visitors felt at home, and -he did not
neglect to impress on visitors of note the
full significance of the citrus exhibits with
relation to tbe horticultural possibilities of
the northern section of the county.
Michael Menihan, proprietor of the big
hotel of Cloverdale, sen. down a generous
sample of oranges and .emous to-day to
the San Francisco Board of Trade for ex
hibition. He has one of the largest or
chards in the connty.
. Yesterday was the greatest, though the
last, day of the fair. The weather was
perfect. The sunshine which spread over
the valley was as golden as the oranges.
. Visitors arrived on every train, but the
great crowd came on Ide immense excur
sion train from Petaluma, Santa Rosa and
Healdsburg. There were twelve
coaches, each crowded, and by ac
tual count there were 745 persons aboard.
The Windsor band assisted Healdsburg
in making her section of the excursion a
success. Nearly half thepeop.e were from 1
Healdsburg. A delegation .rom that en
terprising city, headed by the Windsor
band, marched up town, followed by a
procession, which extended from the sta
tion to , the. pavilion, a distance of four
blocks. It seemed that the population of
the entire valley had gathered to celebrate
Washington's birthday by attending the
citrus lair. .
The pavilion was scarcely able to accom
modate the crowd. Hundreds of people
drove in from the ranches and vineyards
and wineries for a distance of twenty
miles around, and altogether about 3000
people saw the fair. ;'• ..
The Windsor band delighted the specta
tors with several selections during the
alternoon. At night the electric lights
were operated in full blast the first lime
during the fair.
Many huge lamps were also used, and
the illumination of tbe scene was not only
brilliant but dazzling. The Cloverdale
brass band, under the leadership of Pro
fessor D. C. Smith, rendered a programme
of special selections, and Miss Mabel
Smith, the musician's daughter, played a
number of cornet solos.
E. W. Davis, County Superintendent of
Scnools and ex-president of the State
Grange, made a brief speech in the pavil
ion. His remarks were to the effect that It
was encouraging that such fruit could be
grown, encouraging to see it and encour
aging to note the friendly and neighborly
feeling betwee.i the cities of the valley.
The prizes on wines were awarded as
follows: Sweet wines, Cloverdale Wine
Company; dry red wines, Paricer Vine
yard Company; dry white wines, F.
Alueriz. _P?_H
The pavilion closed at 11 o'clock
and the citrus fair 6.' 1897. which has been
a great success in every way, ended with
a ball in Union Hail.* •• .'.'
Dr ore Wife and Child From. Borne.
1 SAN JOSE,' Cal., Feb. 23. — Fostina
Sanchez, a miner at New Almaden, was
arraigned before Justice Dwyer to-day, on
a charge ot failing to provide for his wile
and child. « Mrs. Sanchez alleges that
some. lime ago her husband drove her
from ber house.and has failed to provide
for herself and child, and they have
suffered for want of food and shelter.
Sanchez promised Justice Dwyer he would
provide for bis family in the future, and
he was released on bis own recognizance
and the case indefinitely postponed.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY PLANS
Entertainments to Be Given
in the Afternoon and
• Evening.
At tho Latter Performance a Large
Chorus ani Band Will Furnish
F ne Music.
- A meeting of the general committee on
arrangements for the St. Patrick's day
celebration was held last evening at
A.O. H.Hall on Ninth street. Captain
Deasy presided. .The committee was well
represented. Mr. Roncovieri was also
present. Tnere was a variety of subjects ;
to, be considered. Much progress was
made. ' The principal discussion of the
evening too*, place concerning the details
of -the printing necessary. Among the
bids received the lowest was Brunt's, and
he received the contract. 77.
Some reports were received. Mr. Flynn
reported for the committee on orator that
■;■■■'■'' - -TEW TO-DAT— DRT GOOD«
■H? >!' »t»^l^l!» >1» ij|» »t< »A« »t» »i? fr-l»l' fj.> <A^ 'Af »A»«<t<-t* «-t»Tt* t|y <>g
I HOUSEKEEPERS' OPPORTUNITY! I
*§* .» • *
AT
$ AT V™ 4
|CITYOFftpARIS!J
m_i. •-7-7;.' I*2-,
4 Linens and Curtains and ¥
jt. &>
*' Blankets. Portieres. I
. c<}<_
IT 18x35 Hemmed Huck Towels, Handsome Tapestry Portieres, J£
;T I— * « in all colors, 1±
I 15c Each «,„, pa,-, f
4* 70-inch Bleached Linen Da- ***** -J.
mg. mask, satin - finish, great | &,
"^ Heavy Chenille Portieres, full *§■•
4$ (inn Vqml sizes, with rich dado and -&
|T «PI-lW Yam frieze, to finish at 3-
-4? 25-inch Napkins to match, at (^ .» D«3#-» *
4* _y r>m JJ2J- 5U Jr ciir
I $3^o Dozen — |
2 68x80 Pure Wool White Blan- 50-inch Satin Tapestry, new
jg ket. Our leader. colorings, *$*
I $5:22 35C Yard I
77- -^
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•tOMIigR*. I'-rliH CO*"II»A*V*r.
y/j:'--.\i aci Kit- sysTEM.) -•. ,
■ ritlns Irate >«;.«! i»i-«* <lue lo arrive nt
"iAN-FIU-iCI-it'O.
LKAVR — .ROM FFBRUARY 15, 1897 — ARRIVE
•_:<». Kites, Kan Josu and AVay Stations... B:4*i\
7:»0a Atlantic Kxi>ress. Og<l*;ii and K_..t.. Bi43p
*" :OS\ Banlcla, Vacarllie, Kunise-r. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Dar if. 6:45.
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Ran Rosa 6:13»
MtSOA Kites, Baa Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red 81uff....- .«: lAr
•8:20 a Peters and Miltou *7:lSr
9:">»» a Ksw Orleans ICxpress. Raymond (for
Yoscmltc). Fresno, BakersOeld.
Kant a 11,11 liara, lias Angeles, De_>*
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:4"*
»:OOa Martinez and Stockton ;.. 4-4*»p
9:00 a Vallejo 6:13p
..Miles, San J<->se, LiTerraore and"
Stockton 7:l"*p
•l:OOp Sacramsnto Biver Steamers *0:OOp
l:OOc Niles, San Jose and Livermore N:43a
*l:3<»r Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4*iF
4:»»Of Martinez, Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Culistoga, Ll Verano and
San Rosa 0:13 a
4:00p Benicia, Vaowllle, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vllle aud Sacramento 1 1:1 3a
4:3« i" Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
StOOp Los Angelas Express. Tracy.
7 Fresno. Santa Barbara and Los -.*.
Angeles /.45A
SiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express -, '
for Mojave and East »' :45a
fltonr European Mail. Ogtlan and East 9:45 a
6:00 p Hay wpinls, Nilesand San Jose ....-.■ 7:43 a
t~:OOi- Vallejo 17:43»
7:OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marys--
ville, Ile<l<lhig, Portland, Puget
Hound and East 11:13s
•ff 10: ©Op " Btmset Llmitsd." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
• and Ea5t.....-...—. §18:45p
SANTA CKI.'Z i>l VISION (fisrrow «sii!re>.
■:13a Neirark.t.'entervillo.Haii.lsse.Fclton,
BculJpT Creek, Santa Cruz and Way .
Stations si3op
•8:10. Newark. Centerville, San .lose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principe.! Was
5tati0n5.......:.....:. "11-.'-Oa
4sl3r Newark, Han .lose and l«s Gatos . . . i 9:">oa
t11:45p Hur.tera" Excursion, San Jose and '
Way Stations ; 17:20?
COAST VISION (Ihii.l X Tow use ml Sis.)
e:4sA.Hait Jose aud Way Stations (New "
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30r
• •ilSaMsii Josu, Tres tUatm, Hanta Cruz. *
Paclfio drove, Paso Rubles, San
Lots Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:O0p
l OtlOv .San Josu anil Way Stations.... R:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3t3o>
*"*:3 Up San Mateo, Menlo Park, Man Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruc,
Salinas, Monteiey ami I'ueilict 'rove •10:40s
«3:! tOp San Jusound Way Stations .:S3.\
• *4i3ot- Sap Joso anil Way Stations •8:03 a
3:30 p Sa. . Jose anil Principal Way Stations •«:43a
0:t»0p Sen Jose ami W.i> Stations 6tBS_
|11:43t* San Jose nod Way Stations 17:43 r
SAN I.KAXUKO A.MI UAV\\ARl>> LOCAI,.. '
<•«'»•* \ '' ~ ~~ ~~? 7H31
o ! oo A tn: * 5 *
iS. ! S2a Kelrose, Seminary Park, , J?:|^
"»SJ. rg,SaaL.»adro "*g*
*aZI — S3S*
IIS.? »' w " d -- sjsss
|il)0 P .-•".: " :4!Vi
0:OOp < Runs through to Niles. ialaap
ttll:l3p; fFromNllcs. IttiaJoo?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRANCISCO— Foot of lUrket Strest (Slip 8)—
•7:16 :>■ 9:00 llrOOA.u. 11:00 *2:00 13:00 :
•4:00" W:M •6:30 p.m. l
FroaOllUHD— Footorßrosdwiy.-. «6:00 8-00
10-)Oa.m. tl2:00 »1:00 J3:00 *3:00 tt'.OO
'3:00 '.
A for Morning. r for Afternoon.
Sundays excepted. ■ t Saturdays only.
* '. J, . m,_ * Sundays only
-TJatsg£-_^^,g_sa h jgx.
SORTfI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Vi» Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 189 j.
-* WEEKDAYS.
"ftSSP v * u »"l »ni "*«n Kafasi-*7:25 *-3-ib
K^r^i^or^i^^^^.^
days and Saturdays at 11 :80 p. st ■ edne> -
-- mm SUNDAYS. .'-■■■■
SiSS"""^^:^?.: »10 00
*i_.:3. a. St.; *l:.-.0, 3:00. »4 no «.ir» v
Trains marked -run to san Uuentln. **
_ „ . THROUGH TRAINS.
WMkd-^. *!!%?"* Md w *7 "atlons-7:25 a. m
Weekdays, 8:00 a. St. Kundays, 1:45 p. U. M»
d ;. ro M an s ir u a r-ara. tionB - 7:25 * w * ek "
the committee had agreed upon an orator,
but he has, been seen yet. If he is
willing to serve, his name will be reported
at the meeting to be held next Sunday. -
The appointment of a poet was dis
cussed. John Mulhern and Mr. O'Reilly
were authorized to inquire further and re
port on Sunday. ,
The details of the evening entertain
ment to take place in the pavilion wem
considered. It was decided to have the
band consist of thirty- five pieces, under
the direction of Mr. Roncovieri. Chorus
singin?. according to Mr. Roncovieri,
could be easily arranged for, considering
that familiar melodies only will be sung.
Messrs. Costello, Shaughnes3y and Dignan
were appointed a committee on chorus of
100 voices. Some singers, including a
quartet, have volunteered to appear.
Volunteers can apply to Deasy Bros., 20
Sixth street, for information.
The afternoon exercises in the Metro
politan Temple will consist of eight num
bers, exclusive of the remarks of the
president and the numbers by the orator
and poet.
P. H. Flynn was elected chairman oi the
finance committee to take charge of all the
tickets. This concluded tbe business of
the general committee for the eveuing nn 1
an adjournment was taken until Sunday
at 2 p. M. in Knights of Red Branch Hall.
After the adjournment of the general
committee the committee on literary
exercises met.
j RAILROAD TRAVEL , ,: -
SMFRMCISCO&MTB PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San' Rafael. -
; •WEEK DA 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35,
3*30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 r. k.
BCNI-AYS— H:OO. 9:3 a 11:00 a. St.; 1:30. 3:3%
6-00, 6:20 P. St.
San Rafael to Ran Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, -.40, 5:10 p. ss. Saturdays— trip.
at 1:65 p. _. and 6:35 p. St. _,* •
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 0:40, 11:10 a. *.: 1:40. 3:40,
| 6:00, 6:25 p. St. -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parle jams
! schedule as above. - vj
... Leare Tn»tT«_ Arrive
San Francisco. Oct i_T Bw > Francisc-,
Wbkk i Sdxp- t^if^.,,,, Sex- I Win
Days, | pays. "g-*"nM»>n- PAY _,. j Dat ,_
7:30 am 8.00 am Novato, . 10:40 am. 8:40 am
3:30 pit 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm i 10:25 am
6:10 pm 0:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, f '■ '
7:30 am - Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
.. . lytton. . .
Geyser ville, :."-'^7"'
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm 6:28 pm
Pleta, I
Hopland & '• "
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:23 pig
7:30 am ' i *~ 10:25 Alt
8 .00 am I Guerneville. 7 -.36 fm -.-.
3-30 pm I . ..  6:22 pic
7:30 am j 8 .00 Alii Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AM
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Qlen Ellen. 6:10 6:22 PM
7:30 am 1 8:00 am] .i_ lttftßl> , 1 10:40 am 10:3 iam
3:3opm|6:oopml -^^'topol. | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mar*. West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdsle for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Spring-., Kelseyvllie, Soda Bay and i_akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah for .Vichy -springs. Saratoga Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wtllnte. Cahto. Co-
velo, Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduaei
rates. •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to alt points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates- .
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle hnlldlnj.
A.W.FOSTER, R. X. BY AN,"
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agoat,"
A -_-l 4." ■ —xawa. ■
Atlantic <Ote}
Pacific ]S^
Trains leave anj arrlvs stliS_W__^S^_S^__3
<lar__.-_ir..i Perry. Cg|^.^^^
SAITA FEIXPRESS. S^P
X ° i, C i a ric°t via A. _- p -V&2>M§gs?T2|
e m™^ t6:J ( »:.»'" c,irrvln C Pullman Palacs
: .iSdis^ 0 1 Mo <««™ Upholstered ToarUt
' ttT--.W 0l l n d,aisr "»rou h to Chtoart
Sals- ? '' Anne . x caw tor Denver and St.
' afi!»r» n -' urslon »- v » Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White • Mouut » lM leave «^
; 1 1 esday.
The. best railway from California to the East,
new rails, new ties; nodust: Interesting scenery,
; ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 044 Market'
St.. Chronicle r.uilding. Telephony Mala
1031* Oakland, Ills -roadway.
MOUNT TMALPAIS.
Trains connect \ with Nor.h Pao!Q«
Coast Railroad. . ■ r
• WKKK DAYS— Leave a F. 9:19 a. m. 1:4"» *. am
Returning— Arrlvs S. f. 3:25 p m. 6:20 r. m
j BU_"DAYS—LeaveS.F._A.M 11:30 a. M. 1:308._t
Returning— Arrive :16 p. M.4:20 P.M. 7:35 rm.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or . «
THO-* coo*, _- .-ONs, 621 Market St., S. F.
MIU allay and Mount Tamalpaii bcsalo Railway,
THE S..S FRIJICIStO kh) SAX 4.A(.t11_l
';•;•. mm RAILWAY CO-IPASY. .
F?rru J A d^ KY 31 ' 1897 : »—«••« «■*•
"TSKS* 15&5.... TOy;*
9:*9 a.m.. Merced.... ..".".sli* r2"
UseOA m.... ...... ..Fre5n0. ...... .".1 10 p «
_ For Intermediate stations see time-table. -
, Connect! stenmboats of tbe C. N. _ 1 oe.
leave ban F>auclsco and Stockton at 6 p m. daiy.McKENNA
HONORED
California's Cabinet Repre
sentative Feted at
the Palace.
"A FEAST OF REASON
: AND FLOW OF SOUL."
Oratory Glowed Over a Board
-.' Laden With Choicest
7.-' . Delicacies.
THE GUESTS TELfQTJENT AND
TELLING ' REMARKS.
»
Prominent Citiz ns Vie With One
Another to Pay Tribute to the
Distinguished Judge.
Two hundred and fifty prominent citi
<-ens from representative walks of life,
Vsnd from all parts of Northern California,
assembled at the Palace Hotel last night
to tender a farewell banquet to Hon.
Joseph McKenna, who is soon to dep.rt
•for Washington to accept a Cabinet posi
tion.
The menu was elaborate and the toasts
. were many and eloquent. Colonel J. P.
Jackson was toastmas'.cr. To his left sat |
: Governor Budd, to his right the'gueatof
honor, and by his side Hon. James D.
••. Phelan, Mayor.
Colonel Jackson's introductory speech
: was a happy effort and, like nearly every
r speech that followed, was applauded with
■••vigor. He said it was a matter of con- !
■ : gratulation that the time had arrived
:* -when party names in California had lost
their meaning.
* . ."It is seldom given to any man," he
'said, "to succeed in the three branches of
:• Government, but our honored guest bas j
.. 'been a splendid legislator, a good Judge |
and now is time comes to show that he \
' cart .succeed in the executive branch of 1
'•'.'.government. Judge McKenna assumed j
•• : he woolsack a pute man and he will leave \
"'the ermine unstained." [Great applause.] !
:• There were then loud cries for Judge !
•'McKenna and he arose and made a simple |
'.and. eloquent speech which brought great )
and prolonged applause. Among other !
'thing, he said:
"Mr. President and Gentlemen: I do j
..not know what to say. In our meager i
•" language a simple 'Thank you' is about
'A\i that is left. How to make a fitting re- |
turn 'for this tribute, this assemblage of;
-./representative men, I do not know. la.ree, ;
". however, with a brother Judge who wrote
: me a complimentary letter recently that
if my friends have anything to say they '
ought to say it while I Jive. Yet, stand- i
' ing here, confounded by your excessive :
• kindness, I am inclined to think the dead i .
• man has some advantages. [Laughter.] : 1
l!;e lead man may blush unseen and he \ -
{'4* vp t- 'expected to respond. '
17 '-'I take this, however, as a tribute to j ,
your representative rather than to the in- |
dividual. In that sense I can accept the ', '
honor without a feeling of unworthiness. \
Strictly speaking, however, a Cabinet offi- | '
■ cer is not a representative of a State, '
though his appointment may be an honor .
•to a State. Setting aside my own con
nection with the matter, 1 may I
in that sense rejoice that aI •
California^ is in the Cabinet, If '.
the right man has been selected, be ought . i
to give some tone and direction to affairs l
by reason of his coming out of the West. j
I -say this because I love my State and I i
dare to compare it with anything. j
"I love California in its sheer physical "I ',
beauty and genial climate; I love it in its j '
higher sensibility, in its birth, its life and
action.
"The State was born full grown, having j
no territorial history. I love its legends,
its romances and its history, and I love
its example of noble sacrifice, great '.
achievement and energy, a dashing pio
neer -spirit that subdued the wilderness ]
ana made it hum with the glories of a new ,
and splendid civilization.
"I shall go into the Cabinet a Califor- ,
nian [cheers], and that shall be my hi_rh- ]
.est title; I "shall go as the first Califor- ,
nian, that my admonition. I shall be sue- ,
ci c led by abler men, but by none whp co ,
with better intentions to do'what is right. 1 ,
shall say farewell in sadness, although it j
be but for a time and does not sever rela- .
tions, 1 leave with the assurance that this ,
n ght-'s kindness shall never be forgotten, ,
. and in the hope that my services in the ,
new field will justify and deserve the Kind- ,
.. .ness you have fcestowed." '
At -the conclusion of the speech Gov- ,
ernor Budd arose and proposed three I _
cheers for the pride of California, and they <
• weie given with vim. _
Chief Justice Beatty responded briefly ,
..-to a toast on the judiciary, stating that J ,
•the relations of the Supreme Court with .
".Judge Mr-Kenna had always been pleas- _
ant. He . thought it ought to j
. please Caiifornians beyond measure .
Abac so fine and able a man had been se
lected 10 the Cabinet. "He will be found ,
l^onest, faithful and always equal to the
'^•-charge of duties and the solution of
..difficulties," said the Judge amid a tumult
, of applause.
Thomas J. Clunie was down for re
sponse to a toast named' "The President
.of the United States." He gracefully de
r clined to speak of Cleveland, but devoted
ten minutes to a review of Judge Mc-
Kenna's career as he knew it.
*". *"I have! known him for nearly a
• quarter, of a century," he said, "and he
' has always been a leader. It was nearly
twenty-two years ago that I found him a
-leader 'of his • party in tbe Assem
bly of ' this State, and when I
served with him in Congress many
• years later I found him recognized as a
.thinker and worker by such men as Blame
and McKinley. As a Democrat I con
gratulate McKinley on his selection from
this State, and ii ought to be the hope of
• all honest citizens that the incoming ad
. ministration will be a success."
' Hon. M. M. Estee spoke briefly, follow
".ing Mr. Clunie. He said he thought the
new President had begun exceedingly well
'">' appointing Judge McKenna. "There
" were about a thousand candidates for the
tjesition," he said, "but McKinley ap
. ..Pointed ihe best one of all. Let us give
' the President and the appointee our con
fidence and the hope that the administra
tion will be a success."
"The State of California" was to have
been responded to by Governor Budd, but
• he pleaded that pressing business had
prevented due preparation, so George A.
K"i«rht responded. He spoke of the fer
. Uilisyand extent of the State, and hoped
<J 'at Judge McKenna's accession to the
jalnnet was but the beginning of a
*.jor:ous ran to be played in National his- ?
tory by Caiifornians. -. ■
Attorney-General Frzgcrald followed in .
. an eloquent tribute to the judiciary and
the guest of the' evening. He said: "It
is the judees who declare what the law is
and clearly define it. All honor to them
and to our gnest of honor, who has helped
to keep the ermine pure. We congratu
late President-elect McKiniev because ne
has selected a representative" citizen Irom -
■
JUDGE McKENNA Welcomed by His Distinguished Hosts to the Complimentary Banquet Held
Last Night at the Palace HoteL \
our ranks to fill an important position. '
John P. Irish was cheered when he was
announced to speak on "The Cabinet in
Relation to Politic*." He cade a happy
speech, concluding that the Cabinet was
not a political position. He rejoiced that
California had a citizen as a representa
tive in that position, which is peculiarly
j representative to the great nations of the
i earth.
Mayor Pnelan acknowledged the toast
"San" Francisco, the Queen City." He felt
sure, he said, that the ftttute of San Fran
cisco, in spite of hard times jind adverse
legislation, was absolutely safe and could
j not be turned aside from the pathway of
I prosperity. But without the energy, en
j terpr se and industry of civilized men,
i mere physical qualifications were as
; nothing. Daniel Webster .'ad said
! that California would become an
I independent empire, owins to its remote
i situation and its inherent resources. l.'iis,
I he thought, was a strange sentiment for so
great a man, and yet that attitude was
j typical of a former generation. It was un
| fortunately true that this great city had
| not received due recognition in view of
■ the vast amount of wealth it had contrib
! uted to the Federal exchequer in the past.
I It was only so late as the present week
I Mat their honored citizen, Joseph Mc
! Kenna, had been called to the councils uf
the Nation, and for tbis consideration
| they were truly thankful. Judce Mr-
Kenna, the speaker said, bad changed the j
slogan from onward to upward, it beln? j
no longer possible to extend tbe empire of
the State any further westward.
Samuel M. Shortridge, replying to the
toast of "The Army and .■Navy," said:
"Being unmarried, what do I know of ,
War? [Lau_hter.J Standing in the pres- j
ence ol Hannibal, represented by my
friend, General Barnes, . yonder, how j
shall 1 sp"*ak of war? Standing
i ere in the presence of so many j
distinguished men, whose sabers have I
flashed on battle-fields, or whose words of ]
command have echoed over the waters ;
from the decks of victorious vessels, I ,
feel that of all subjects none could !
have been selected about whicn I know
less, and therefore about which I
am able lo speak more. [Liugbter.]
This seems to me to be an era
of good feeling. The administration of
Monroe has returned to us. When I see
here assembled the Governor of the State,
for whose defeat I spoke so much, traveled
so far, and upon his left-hand there is
Attorney-General Fitzgerald, and re
member tbe engagements in which
I have gone down before his
trusty sword, I feel that after all
I am in tbe house of ray friend*.
For it l-> the pride and glory of American
citizenship — it is the pride and glory of
American patriotism — that above the
clouds, the dust of the arena, above the
turmoil of tbe battlefield, above, prejudice
and passion, which warn the judgment
and sometimes chill the sympathies of the
heart, there is the fla^ of our coun
try, which has been held aloft in
victory by the army and navy of the ciun
try. [Applause.] And from the revolu
tionary period, from the hour of Wash
ington, ftom the War of '1812 and the j
matchless and immortal victories of Jack
son, in the Mexican War and the victories
there, and in the unhappy, the direful, the
ever-to-be-regretted struggle of 1860, 18-51
and onward — in every place, whether it be
on land or on sea, whether the blood of
our soldiers has reddened the grass of the I
meadow or crimsoned the waves of the
ocean, the army — the soldier and the
sailor, each in bis place — ha? been faithful j
unto death. And moreover.wherever they j
sleep to-night, whether it be in unknown I
graves, whether it be In the caverns of the j
sea, we in our hearts and by our lips pay >
tnem the poor tribute of our love and I
gratitude.
"By our flag stands tne army and the '
navy of this Government, and back of the
Poster for a Smoker to Be Given for the Benefit of the Proposed Boulevard Between Sausalito •
and San Rafael*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
"Feast your ears with the music a while."— Barry.
MENU:
• "Let us eat and be Merry."— Luke zv:S\
Eastern Oysters on the Half-shell
• "Why, then. the world's mice
Oyster, which I wiih sword --•111 open."— Shakespeare.
Windsor Clear
, "What stir Ik this."— Henry VI.
Saucisson de Lyon Olives Celery .
Caviar Salted Almonds •
• - "Sharpen with cloj-less sauce his appetite. " — Antony
and Cleopatra.
bavtrrsk Grenadines of Salmon Trout, Mirabeau
,-.'bra.n d 'hTa'?' ana "™» »°« ™* »« »•»- ■«*"-«_•-»-•_
„-.pet_digestio_."-£onx Potatoes, Chatelaine
; Sacon "Small cheer ani area, welcome.
make a merry feast"— Shakesjseare. **
1 claret Filet of Beef, Larded, a Plntendante
••Your honors, claret Is "Man is a carnivorous production,
prmmi enough lor me."— And must have meats at least once a day;
Swift. He cannot live Use woodcocks upon suction."— Don
Juan.
. Croustade of Sweetbreads, Metternich
"It is not the quantity of the meat,
but the cheerfulness of the guests,
which makes the feast."— Clarendon.
• Punch au Champagne
"Breaking through the chills of ceremony
•nd selfishness, and throwing every heart
_, into A glow."— Washington Irving.
• "The turnpike road to people's hearts lies through their
mouths." •
champagne/'.' Roast Chicken
Pommery See 7, "Some ha'e meat and can eat,
Moet at Chandon ' ',' And some would ent thai want It;
_,_.__,___ •' But we ha'e meat, and we can ea.",
-"""" tio let the Lord be t haak'.u'*-_?um„
•Kings it makes gods, . _ , — . . _• i _
and meaner creatures _ Komalne* l omato oaiad
klnga." -Richard 111. "Salad for the so'ltary— oa (lettneo)
•lone."—
New Peas, French Style
• "His worth Is warrant for bis welcome."—Shakes
peare.
Dessert
t 'To give satiety a fresh appetite."— Othello.
Peach with Rice, Portuguese Style
"I pray you lest, sir, as yon sit at dinner.'*— Comedy of
" Errors.
Biscuit Glace Tortoni Panaches
"1 here's half a dozen sweets."— Love's Labor Lost
• Assorted Fancy Cakes
"The sweetest morsel of the night."— Youno\ .
Coffee with Cream Cafe Noir
_ "Fill the cup. and let It come."— Henry IV.
. , "And now, while It Is hot"— Henry VIZI.
Cigars
"Then we bring forth weeds." — Antony and Clco
• patra.
"The man who smokes thinks
like a sage an 1 acts like a Samaritan."—Buluxr-Lyt
ton.
a
TOASTS AS PER PROGRAMME.
• "And it shall please you to break rip."— Merchant of Venice.
army and the navy stand the men and
the manhood of tbis Republic. [Ap
plause.] Let one foreign country touch
with hostile hand a fiber of that flag and
a million swords would leap from their
scabbards to defend it and the country's
honor.
"We live in a time of peace and pour
out the wealth of genius in apostrophiz
ing the victories of peace, but I say to you
that peace may sometimes mean defame,
degeneracy ar.d death. This country
should stand as the great exemplar of free
dom on this continent, and I do not sym
pathize with that timid— might I say that
cowardly American spirit that sees liberty
strangled and her sons and daughters shot
down like sheep in the shambles by a for
eign monarchy while this great Govern
ment stand 1 " by with idle hands, without
stretching forth to rescue and to lift it up.
I say that this country of ours was
brought into being by battle. It is easier
to be a slave than a free man *. to bow the
neck than to lilt it erect; to lie down than
to take up arms and redress iniquity.
"The Government cam-* into life and to
being by the sword of Washington, and I
say as a citizen in private station that
this Government should stretch tbe law,
if necessary, in order to be true to our own
history and assist the poor little crushed
and bleeding Cuba tbat is right within the
shadow of the flag and within tbe sun-,
light of American liberty."
He emphasized as the particular glory
of the American army that its power had
never been used for purposes of aggran
dizement, and in conclusion said : "Ever
sc long as tbe citizens stand back of that
army and tbat navy, so lone a. patriotism
supports therein time of peace and is their
defender and assistant and recruit in time
of trouble, this country will endure."
"If there is any theme to which Ameri
can ; manhood will rise it is to the dead
and the living— the soldiers of the Re
public."
Speaker Coombs, the last speaker of the
evening, eloquently respond d to the toast
of "The Flag," and the banquet closed
with a bumper to tbe Hon. Joseph Mc-
Kenna.
The committee of arrangements that
bad the banquet in hand consisted of tbe
following:
Committee of arrangements — Colonel J.
P. Jackson (chairman), Theodore Reichert
(-ecretary), Hon. Charles N. Felton, Hon.Cl&ua
Spreckels, ex-Governor I Romualdo Paclieco,
Hon. Horace Davis, Hon. N. W. Spalding, Hon.
Barry Baldwin, P. N. Lilienthai E*q., Hon.
Tirey L. Ford, Louis Sloss Esq., Hon. S. C.
Denton, Hon. P. B. Cornwall, A. A. Wat tins
E«q.. Colonel Charles L. Ackerui-u, Hon. A. U.
Booth, Hon. . \V. H. Brown, Hon. Frank Pow
ers, H. P. Sonntcg Esq., Hon. E. B. Pond, Com
modore Cornelius O'Connor. Hugh Hume E-q.
Committee on toasts — Colonel .1. P. Jackson
(chairma ), General W. H. L. Barnes, Hon.
Tirey L. Ford. T. T. Williams Esq., Hon. 8. C.
Densnn. Colonel C. L. ACkerman, Hon. John
P. Irish.
Reception committee— W. H. Brown
chairman), Clans Spreckels Esq., P. G. Galpin
Esq., A. W. Spear Esq., Colonel John 11. Rob
erts, Stanley Jackson E-q., Hon. A. G. Booth,
Hon. Frank .Powers, Hon. N. W. Spalding,
Major Frank McLaughlin, General John F.
Sheehan, Colonel Gedrge A. Stone.
Invitation committee— H. P. Sotintag Esq.
(chairman), Barry Baldwin Esq., Commo
dore Cornelius O'Conncr, A. A. Watkins Esq.,
Hugh Hume Esq. .',-..;
The following distinguished citizens
were present during the evening:
William Alvord, C. L. Ackerman, Charles
Arms, Edson F. Adams.
Governor James H. Budd. J. F. Burgln. B. C.
Brown, Colonel H. P. Bush, Judge W. 11.
Beatty, General W. 11. L. Barnes, W. H. Brown,
A. G. Booth, C. P. Berry. Barry Baldwin, G. W.
Baker. Alex bad'am. William Barr, T. B.
Bishop, Thomas P. Burns, John Boggs, J. H.
Borland. A. W. Barrill. P. W. Boillng&ll, W. J.
Bartnett, T. I. Burgin, John L. Boone, Captain
John Birmingham, Hon. H. G. Blasdell,
William Broderick, A. J. Buck.es, G. C. Board
man. George E. Butler, J. D. Bailey, Robert
Burnett, Clement Beunett, F. B. Bacnerman,
Hon. Prank L. Coombs, P. B. Corn wa.l, Ern
est Cox, E. L. Colnon, Rev. Mr. Callis, Daniel
T. Cole, W. J. Costlgan, P. Crowley. J. W. Cur
rier, J. C. Currier, C. F. Curry, Dr. W. K. Clu
ness, J. C. Campbell. T. J. Clunie, J. M. Chre
tien, T. C. Coogan, T. J. Crowley, C. W. Cross,
Evan J. Coleman, A. Chesebrouftb, D. E. Col
lins, G. J. Campbell of Vailcjo, R. A- Crothers,
Fred M. Campbell, Edward Coieman.
Senator J. N. Dolph of Oregon, Edward Dink
elsplel, John F. Davis, John Daggett, Horace
Davis, 8. C. Denson, Peter Dean, W. R. Davis,
W. W. Douglass, W. E. Dargie, H. L. Dodge, H.
G. W. Dlnkelspell, W. N. D.rr.inick, J.J. Dwyer,
E. H. Dyer, John D. Daly, William J. Dutton,
F. W. D.ihrmann.
W. D. English, J. F. Evans, M. M. Estee, O.
P. Evans, H. Eppinger.
Attorney-General W. F. Fitzgerald, A. W.
Foster, Senator Tirey L. Ford, H. S. Foote, C.
N. Fox. J. A. Fillmore, J. D. Fry. J. E. Farnam,
John Flournoy, George M. Francis, S. H.
Friedlander.
Judge William B. Gilbert. Ben Goldsmith,
Judge C. H. G&routte, Judge William E.Greene
of Oakland. Major George H. Griffin, Hon. Will
S. Green, Lewis Gerstle, W. M. Gwln. G. H.
Gray, C. E. Gregory, H. A. Gorlay, J. W. Good
win, E. M. Greeuway, P. G. Galpin.
Judge Thomas P. Hawley, Judge Ralph C.
Harrison, Judge F. W. Hensbaw, W. F. Hcrrln.
Henry F. Hightou, I. W. Hellman. W. H. H.
Hart, H. E. Huntington, F. W. Hall, W. F. C.
Hasson, W. J. Herri n, E. C. Hughes, R. E.
Houghton, Arpad Uaraszthy, J. J. Hannafiu,
Ira G. Uoitt, D. H. Haskell. A. C. Henry, H.
Huddhson, E. H. Heacock, Hugh Hume, W. E.
Hopkins.
Hon. John P. Irish, M. B. Ivory.
Lieutenant-Governor W. G. Jeter, E. W. Joy,
Colonel. J. P. Jackson, J. H. Jewitt, Stanley
Jackson, Julius Jacobs.
Colonel George A. Knight, Paris Kilboume,
H. 1. Kowalsky, J. F. Kiduer. J. F. Klern. C. W,
Ke'.logg, C. J. King, Joseph King, Samuel
Knight, Julius Kalin, D. E. Knight.
Philip LLienth*!, R. H. Lloyd, Frank A.
Lea.-*., W. _■. Leake, c. S. Laumeister, Dr. J. R.
L tine, Captain Charles M. Leavy. J. P. Ling
home. B. T. Lacy, Dr. William M. Lawlor.
Judge W. VV. Morrow, Judge T. B. McKarland,
William 11. Mills, S. G. Murphy, George Mor
row, George T. Mcrve. W. H. Metz?n, D. K. Mc-
Mullen, H. C. M.Pike, George H. Maxwell.
George G. McMullen, Peter D. Martin, Andrew
Martin, Jobn J. M»b<>ney, Jeremiah Mahoney,
George W. McNear, Edward McGettingan, E.
W. McCarty, W. J. McGee. W. H. Morrow. Louis
Metzger, W. H. Martin, John A. Martin. Walter
Martin, J. A. McKenna, Lansing Mizner, F. H.
McCormlck.
Hon. Jacob Neff, Joseph Napntalv, J. Nou
gues, H. H. Noble. -- . v.; *• -; ;;r,
Cornelius O'Connor, T. B. Ogden.
Hon. Romualdo Pacheco, Hon. J. D. Phelan,
E. F. Preston, T. G. Phelps, Frank Powers,
E. C. Pa'.mieri, T. J. Parsons, William Patter,
son, H. A. Powell, Max Popper, E. B. Pond,
W. D. Pennycook.
W. H. Quinn.
Arthur Rodeers, Theodore Relchert, Patrick
Reddy, T. D. Riordan, Isaac Requa, Dr. Julius
Rosensiein, P. C. Rossi, Colonel John H. Rob-
at la.
Colonel W. B. Shatter. N. W. Spauldln**, 11.
P. Sonntag. Mark Sheldon, Ignaiz Stelnhart,
J. T. Sheehan. A. W. .Scott, Sidney V. Smith. G.
W. Schell. A. W. Spear, F K. Shattuck, Milton'
Schuiitt, J. J. Scrivncr, J. A. Stephens, Dr. B.
Swan. A. W. Scott Jr., A. M. Simpson, L. W.
Sweeny, B. Schlessinger, A. Sbarboro, Y. J.
Sherwood, S. B. Sloss, A. M. Simpson, Samuel
M. Shortrldge.
Judge Jackson Temple, C. L. Taylor, I. J.
Truman, Isaac Trumbo, R. J. Tobin, John Tut
tie, R. P. Thomas, James Tusker, Colonel J. J.
Tobin, J. D. Thornton, George D. Tay. .
Judge W. C. Van Fleet, F. W. Van Sicklin, J.
J. Valentine, O. F. yon RSein.
Captain P. W. Wood.', J. H. Wise, A. P. Wil
liams, T. T. Williams, M. J. Wright, W. S.
Wood, J. B. Wright, W. S. Wood, R. H. War
field, C. J. Wetmore, A. A. .Wigmore, General
P. F. Walsh, Rolla V. Watt, Dr. J. W. Ward,
C. L. Welter. A. A Watkins.
Carlos S. Young, Colonel S. B. M. Young.
HOLIDAY TENNIS.
Good Sport at the California Club
Courts.
The annual tournament of the Califor
nia Lawn Tennis Club for the club cham
pionship was held on Washington's birth
day, but on account of darkness it was not
completed. Walter Magee and R. N
Whitney will play the final match on
Saturday at 2 p. m., and the winner of that
match will play the club champion,
George Whitney.
The matches on Monday were as fol
lows: H. Walter defeated Dr. Root by
6—4 and 6—3. R. J. Davis beat N. Eckart
by 6—l and 6—4, R. N. Whitney beat W.
McGavin by 6-4 and 6—l, W. B. Collier
beat J. A. Code by 6—2 and 6— 2 W. Magee
beat K. J. Davis by 11—13. B—6 and 6—3.
R. N. .Whitney beat H. Walter by 6-3
and 6 3, A. Cheesebrough won from D. E.
Allison by default, R. Whitney beat
A. Cheesebrongh by 6—l and 6-3, W.
Magee beat W. B. Collier by 4—6, 13—11
and 6 -4. '. '>?■;:■.
Justice-' Court Suits.
.. Henry Matthews hat begun suit in the Jus
tices' Court against John Daniel to recover .S6O
for a marble monument described as "Figure
with Flame." which, according to the com
plaint, was left with. John Daniel & Co. for
b.IC. ,'
11. C. Wlltes has sued Samuel F. . Hendy,
John H. Hendy and Mary Frances McGurn to
recover $250 alleged to be due him as a broker
for services in negotiating a .oan of $25,000.
Homes Broken Up.
Divorces have been granted as follows:
Catherine R. Preston from Charles W. Preston,
lor extreme cruelty; Alice I. Dailey from
Henry Dailey, for desertion, and plaintiff al
lowed to resume her maiden name, Thomp
son ; Belle Crow from Z. Crow, for desertion
and neglect; Fiorinda Thomas from William
Henry Thomas, lor cruelty.
liakersfleld Defeats f l, alia.
BAKERSFIELD.CaI,, Feb. 23.—Bakers
field defeated Visalia yesterday in a
football contest by a score of 14. to 4. It
was witnessed by a larce crowd.
g_W TO-DAT.'
INIiSMI & UWW,
Successors to HIR_CH <& KAH.N",
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goofts S Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building*.
ON EQUALED FACILITIES FOR THE
1 PKOPEK FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical' Store on the
Pacific Coast. -' .«■;■.: *,
HIS CONSCIENCE
DROVE HIM BACK
The Return of Charles B.
McCloy, an Eastern
Defaulter-
Stole Thousands From a Bank
ing* House in Bay City,
Michigan.
After Three Years cf Knocking About
the World He Gives Himself,
Up for Punishment. :
i _____ ___
After three years of knocking about the
world a fugitive from justice Charles B.
McCloy bas come to the conclusion that
even life behind the prison bars is prefer
able to that of a man hunted from one
hemisphere to another. '•' ■' -'* ••;- - .
McCloy surrendered himself a few days
ago to one of those he had robbed while
assistant cashier of the Second National
Bank of Bay City, Mich., and he is now
in the custody of the United States Mar
shal awaiting extradition papers from tbe
East.
, Up to April, 1893, McCloy was a trusted j
*_«_ nrramn , iStvt ptfii_ri— .A rnmnii.-ii i*rii- i— w.i ■ 
mmmmmmmmmm^ _»__— —^ mm
NEW TO-DAY.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN FREE
' ■ ■■ "I'M stsmmm—assmmmii
THIS WEEK
Extra Big Presents
W,TH fell pi^ chase vvith 1 .00 pBjrchase
EACH 11 1 TEAS ' EACH 1 aESEZa TEAS '
Ipii COFFEES, | COFFEES,
:& WW SPICES, A SPICES,
FREE Any of Following FREE Any of Following
r\t Litems i . Articles .
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. i Majolica Cuspidor,
i Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
i Oyster Bowl, Decorated. i Rose Bowl, Fancy.
i Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
1 i Pitcher, Majolica. 1 Cake Stand, on Foot
1 Berry Dish. • ... i Butter Dish, Large.
1 Butter Dish. i Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
i Oat Meal Set. I Candy or Nut Dish.
i Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
i Cream Pitcher, Fancy. i Celery .Stand.
i Bohemian Flower Holder. i Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
1 China Preserve Dish. . I Bohemian. Fern*Vase.
i Fancy Cup and Saucer. 7 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
i Spoon Holder. i Cake Plate, Fancy.
i Yellow Mixing Bowl. i Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. M-r-- 1 Fancy Shaving Mug. : ,77
i Colored Vase. i Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated,
1 Yellow Baking Dish. I Child's Cake Set. »
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. i Salad Bowl, Footed.
i Rose Bowl. i Water Pitcher.
i Preserve Bowl. - i Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. \ 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. i Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. i Tankard Pitcher.
i Coffee Cup, Decorated. i Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. . 1. Sugar Bowl/
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. i Berry Set. " \-y
i Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter.
i Roast Pan. . i Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
i Dairy Pan. 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
I Bread Pan. i Salad Bowl, Square.
i Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives. '*>-
i Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. 1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
100 STORES
• Enables lis to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. " 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND:
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street
140 Sixth Street. 2008 Fillmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue. •
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway.
52 1. Montgomery, Avenue. 104 Second Street.' ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street.
HEADQUARTERS—SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET,
emDlojeof the bank mentioned, having
been promoted from one clerkship to an
other until he became assistant cashier.
Then in an evil moment he yielded to the
temptation of cards and wine, and began
to use the funds intrusted to his care to
satisfy his appetites.
Like all embezzlers he expected to re
place the money, but the amount of his
stealings grew larger ani larger, and
finally when discovery became inevitable
he took $500 more and fled to New York,
where hr had a brother, and thence to
South . America, where he thought he
would find peace from his conscience and
a chance to make a living.
After his departure experts were put on
his books and it was louna that he had
made away with about $8000, covering a
period of more than a year.
11l fortune seemed to follow in bis foot
steps and a fear that ho would be located
by officers of the law led him to leave
South America and return to New York,
whence ne made his way to Canada and,
finally to Australia. Here he tared as
badly as he had in other places and finally
decided to return to America and face the
consequences. He shipped on the Ala
meda for this port as a dishwasher and
landed here ragged and almost penniless.
He learned that William Westover, who
was president of the bank he bad robbed
nt the time of the defalcation, was in this
City, and he went immediately to him,
expressing a wish to go baca* and stand
trial, saying he would go alone if Mr.
vVestover wished.
The ex-banker thought, however, tbat
it would be best to first communicate with
the East and telegraphed to Bay City
about the matter. Yesterday telegraphic
instructions came to place McCloy in cus
tody, and ne was arrested by a United
States Deputy Marshal. He" wanted to
waive examination and go back at once,
but the United States laws do not permit
of such a proceeding, and United States
Commissioner Heacoca held him in $5000
bonds. The case will come up again next
Monday, when it is expected that the
papers will be here.
_5_6
Wat jm ni A €&Il
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Freoi
Pally and Sunday Calx., one week, by carrier. .90.10
Pally and Sunday Cam,, one year, by ma 11.. ..' 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
bunday Call, one year, by mall.. 1-60
V> m.Ax.Lf Call, one year, by mall U0
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES
627 Mont/rsmery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Bayea street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
610 I arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corn-r sixteen; and Mission streets; open
• ntll 9 o'clortc.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1005 Polk btreet: opt-n until 9:80 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB i
SOU Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
I'.ooma 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City*
PA YIP M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
I 1 1
WED.NKSDAY FEBRUARY 24. 1397
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
*__ 000 inches
of advertisements, which is
402 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
If Europe gets past tnis crisis without a
war we shall have to do kowtow to diplo
macy.
•
It »■* rather hard for Americans to hurrah
for "King George," but the Greek fellow
deserves it.
Speculation as to what Cleveland will
do for the rest of his term may be set
down this mornine as a nine days' wonder.
The British have captured Benin, but
not tbe king. He bad been in a little
while before, but was out when the British
got there.
»
The Cuban crisis so far as it affects
Americans in the island will be red hot by
the time McKinley gets into office to take
hold of it.
The country will pardon Lyman Gage
for translating the -Eneid, provided he
carefully abstains from any didos in t.e
Treasury Department.
The Carson prize-fight is to take place
on March 17, and the California Legisla
ture hopes to adjourn by the 13th. This
is a coincidence without significance.
If the Legislature has broken the record
for the number of clerks employed, It has
also broken the record for the amount of
business done, and we may perhaps call
it square.
If ail reports that come from Canton are
true, it will only be necessary to put the
office-seekers in line on inauguration day
to make the biggest procession of the kind
ever seen.
The next S-nate will show five notable
additions to the RepuDlican ranks:
Hanna, Foraker, Piatt, Penrose and
Spooner. With whom will the Democrats
match these?
The efforts of the Democratic pr»ss to
find factions and discords in the Republi
can parly have all proven fruitless, and it
is now time for it to give some attention
to its own party.
Of the 245 measures which have been
acted upon at Sacramento 169 were killed
a,nd the rest got away, but perhaps the
Governor may bring down a few when he
gets a shot at them.
It is a good thing that some of tbe
speakers at the Congress of Mothers at
Washington were not mothers and some
were not married. It takes that kind of
women to tell mothers how to raise the
children. '
The observance of Washington's birth
day by the Senate consisted simply of
reading the "Farewell Address," and oc
cupied only an hour, and yet but twenty
Senators attended. What kind of patriot
ism was that?
The exuberance of the celebration of
Wasnington'_ birthday in California this
year was due partly to patriotism and
partly to the weather. Fortunately both
are native to California and can always be
counttd on for similar celebrations.
The legislators need not regret that
the time has passed for the introduction
of new bills, they have more bills before
them now than they will ever attend to
with satisfaction to the public unless they
tnrow them all into the wastepasket and
go home.
The New York Sun figures it out that if
a general war occurs in Europe, Canada
and the British West Indian colonies will
be forced to apply for admission to the
United States as a matter ot self-defense.
Tnat much being settled the war may pro
ceed at once.
Secretary Carlisle has invited Lyman
Gage to be his guest at Washington until
Mr. Gage can get a house of bis own, and
Secretary Lamont is to give a banquet to
his successor, General Alger. It is evi
dent that Washington manners are be
coming as sweet as peaches.
The action of the House of Representa
tives in voting to pay the Southern Pa
cific Company $1,300,000 when the com
pany is heavily in debt to the Government
and won't pay is peculiar, but perhaps
the Senate will inquire into the proceed
ing and find out what it means.
The protests in Great Britain, France
and Italy against the action of the powers
in taking sides against Greece show that
popular sentiment, like champagne, can
oe corked up in a 'bottle, bat when the
cork is once knocked out and it begins to
effervesce there is no getting it back again.
- Araan who professes to know says that
McKinley has made up his mind to make
no appointments to minor offices until
after the extra session, which is expected
to close in July. This seems to be a
clear case of putting office-seekers on ten
terhooks until the weather at Washing
ton gets hot enough to fry them out.
LEGISLATIVE WORK.
The publication in The Call yesterday of a comprehensive review of the work of
the Legislature up to the fiftieth dry of the session gave the public an opportunity to
learn exactly what has been done by our law-makers at this session and what meas
ures remain before them still to ba acted upon. The review was timely and oppor
tune, inasmuch as the fiftieth day was *.he last on which new bills can be introduced,
so that the review virtually covers the whole subject of legislation to be undertaken
this year.
It is gratifying to note that despite the time consumed in discussion of the pay*
roll scandal and the controversey over the State Printing Office appropriation, the
Legislature has done a considerable amount of business. In fact it is said that the
Assembly holds the record for industry in its work and in the amount of business
accomplished. This condition of affairs is gratifying since it reassures the public in
tho hope that this Is to be a thoroughly business session and a marked improvement
over the legislative work of recent years.
While much has been done, however, much more remains to be undertaken.
There have been introduced 1833 bills, and out of these but 245 have been disposed of.
Nearly half of the whole number of bills introduced is still in the bands of the vari
ous committees of one or the other House. It will be seen, therefore, that the legis
lators will have no reason to regret that no new bills can be Introduced, inasmuch as
they have more work before them than they can accomplish without prolonging the
session for many days.'
Of the 245 measures which have been finally dealt with, 169 have been killed, and
bnt eighteen have so far received the Governor's sanction and become law. It will be
seen that the thinning cut process is carried on with commendable vigor. If the
number of tho«e which pass of the bills yet to be- acted on is proportionate to the
number which have been favorably dealt with out of the 245 already considered, we
shall not have any serious amount of new laws to study after the work of the session
is completed. .
"While the number of bills which remain to be acted on is very large, it must be
remembered that many of tbem are virtually duplicates of one another. When all
the bills relating to the same subject have been examined, the worthless ones rejected,
and those possessing merit have been combined into one omnibus measure, the num
ber before the houses will be considerably decreased. It is probable, therefore, that
prompt work may enable the Legislature to finish its session without doing injustice
to the work before it at an earlier date than would seem possible from a casual review
of the large number of measures which are apparently before iL
It is reported that those members of the Legislature who have most closely
watched the progress of business are of the opinion that it will require at least four
weeks more before adjournment. There are others, however, more sanguine of speedy
work, who believe that it will be possible to close the session on March 13. It goes
without saying that public opinion will support those members who seek the speediest
adjournment commensurate with careful legislation, and it is to be hoped the leaders
of both houses will see their way clear to finish the work at the earliest date fixed.
Taking the work of the body as a whole up to the date covered by our review it
seems to be fairly satisfactory. Some measures have been passed which the public
will not approve. Notable among these is the bill providing for the appointment of a
specialist in sociological education for this City. Such measures, however, are com.
paratively few, and the work compares favorably with that accomplished by any
previous Legislature at this staee of its session.
The larje number of bills introduced into a body whose sessions are compara
tively short renders it almost impossible to have the work of legislation done as care
fully, as thoroughly and as wisely as the public welfare requires. That, however,
is one of tne evils inherent in our political system. The only way to remedy it
would be to provide for annual sessions and extend the length of time during which
the Legislature would sit Such a remedy would probably be worse than the evil
itself. We can well afford to bear the trouble we now have rather than to risk the
experiment of more frequent legislative sessions. It seems clear that the present
body of legislators bas tried and is trying to do Its work well, and there is a reason
able hope that the closing days of the session will add new proofs to those already
given of its attention to business and its desire to subserve the public welfare.
NATIONAL APFROPEIATIONS.
In a recent interview Mr. Dingley,
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the House, made a defense of
the recent appropriation bill, in which he
clearly pointed out that the expenditures
provided for are by no means so extrava
gant as they have been represented in
some quarters. Mr. Dingley said:
The Government expenditures average
about $5 50 per head of population. Of this
amount $2 50 represents the expenditures for
the transaction of the ordinary business pi
the Government. Payments for pensions rep
resent $2«nore per head. Fifty cents of the
amount goes to paying off the Government
debt, and the other half dollar represents tho
expenses of river and harbor work, fortifica
tions, the new navy and public buildings.
It is in the expenditures represented by this
last half dollar of the per capita that extrava
gance might, perhaps, show Itself, and where
the opportunity for expansion is greatest.
The ordinary expenses of the Government
Keep pace with the growth of the population.
They have for years averaged about $2 50.
The pension legislation has not been extended
during the two last Congresses, and the pay
ments on the public debt keep about the
same.
The explanation put in this simple way
can be readily understood. Persons who
can be confused by a large array of statis
tics running up into the millions and
thereby led to believe that Congress has
been extravagant and wasteful of public
money will see from the statement made
by Mr. Dingley that the great bulk of the
appropriations is designed for the current
and necessary expenses of maintaining
the Government, and that the only chance
for any extravagance whatever is in the
appropropriations for public improve
ments, which constitute but a compara
tively small fraction of the whole.
This, as Sp-aker Reed once said, is a
"billion dollar country." It requires a
large amount of money to maintain a
Government extending over sp large a
territory and having charge of such vast
interests. We cannot expect to have the
Government of our continent adminis
tered as cheaply as that of some country
in Europe whose total area is not much
larger than a single Slate; nor can we ex
pect a new and undeveloped country like
ours to cairy on its work as cheaply as
that of a Government where wages are
less, salaries low-r and a large proportion
of Government officials content to live on
a pittance in return for the assurance of a
life position. 7:< .;..;
Appropriations for public improvement
amount to about fifty cents per capita of
the population. There is surely no ex
travagance in such expenditure as that in
a country where the prevailing prosperity
is so great compared with the rest of tbe
world, and where bo much in the way of
improvement is needed. We could well
afford to double the amount expended for
our rivers and harbors and the expansion
of our nayy and commercial marine with
out laying ourselves open to the charge of
being wasteful. ;'/':
The Philadelphia Inquirer rebukes Evan
gelist Moody for advising people to break
their punchbowls, and suggests that they
be used for serving other liquids. "Lem
onade," it says, "would taste as well from
a punchbowl a-* from a pitcher." The ar
gument, however, ignores the fact that to
serve lemonade from a punchbowl would
be a gross deception on the thirsty man.
Moody is right. If you are not going to
have punch bust tbe bowl. Don't cheat
your friends. • r>7 7
There must be big money in tbe coun
try somewhere, for it is said that $250 is
the price fixed for rooms overlooking
Pennsylvania .venue- in Washington
on the day of the" inaugural parade.
These are the highest prices on rec
ord, but they are given willingly, for
lots of people wish to see the advance
agent of prosperity when be comes to
town to open un bus in ■«■«■.
; The announcement of the action of the
British Government in Crete was received
in Parliament with cries of "shame," and
perhaps Salisbury will have sense enough
to profit by the warning. -
The bombardment of the Greek camp at
Canea was intended by tbe allied nations
to close an insurrection, bat it may prove
to be the beginning of a general war. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
THE VOICE OF EtJBOPE.
The debates which have taken place in
the parliaments of Great Britain, France
and Italy on the crisis in Crete show that
there is now a sharp contest in all those
countries between the policy of their gov
ernments and the sentiments of their peo
ple. The popular voice is everywhere in
favor of Greece, and it is doubtful if either
ot the three governments can long main
tain its present course in opposition to the
resolute pub ie opinion which is being
rapidly aroused to the point of a genuine
war spirit.
In the British Parliament when Mr.
Curzon, Under Secretary for Foreign Af
fairs, declared the international squadron
in the Cretan waters had no option but to
forcibly prevent the insurgents from mak
ing an attack upon Canea he was inter
rupted with cries of "Shame 1" He barely
succeeded In getting the Commons to
postpone for a time any farther debate on
the subject. A similar scene was enacted
in the French Chamber of Deputies, where
M. Hanotaux was able to quiet the oppo
sition to his policy only by securing a tem
porary postponement of the question.
The proceedings in the Italian Parlia
ment a few days ago were of the same
general character. The Government was
met with denunciations of its course, and
found no escape except by seeking to
avoid a conflict by putting off the question
to a future time.
In each of the three assemblies the Gov
ernment relied for defense of the course of
the allies in firing upon the Greeks upon
the fact that the invasion of Crete by the
Greek troops was a technical violation of
international law. They also endeavored
to excite the fears of the timid by declar
ing that any other course would lead to a
general war involving all Europe and car
rying disasters to every nation. These
arguments, as we have seen, succeeded for
a time. The question was postponed.
The issue, however, still remains, and
must be met by the Ministers of the three
powers within a few days unless they can
by some miracle succeed in bringing about
an immediate settlement of the crisis
without further attacks upon the Grecians
or the people of Crete.
It is an old saying that unsettled Issues
care nothing for the repose of nations. A
Government cannot make peace by sim
ply talking of peace. When controver
sies arise which deeply move the hearts
and minds of the people, the only thing
to be done is for the Government to re
move tbe cause of complaint. In this
case the cause of offense is the Turkish
Government, and it is not probable tbat
diplomacy, however skillful, can much
longer maintain that Government in
power against the will, the Indignation
and the conscience of aroused Europe.
GLADSTONE AND BlS__Aßo__.
There is a striking parallel at this time
between Gladstone and Bismarck. Both
are great statesmen. Both have grown
old. Both are in retirement. Here, how
ever, the parallel ends. Bismarck is rest
less, bitter and full of complaints of his
loss of power. Gladstone is active, ardent
and full of cheer, showing as prompt a
sympathy as ever with the world's move
ments and as much earnestness as ever in
taking his part in it. The contrast is be
tween the man ot" action and the man of
thought, the man of deeds and tho man of
oratory,- and it is sufficiently notable to
merit more than ordinary consideration.
' Tho great "Iron Chancellor," the founder
of an empire, the creator of united Ger
many, stands oat before the world pre
eminently as a man of action. He bas
done great deeds for which his people will
be ever truly grateful and which the world
mast needs admire, but in his fretful bit
terness, to which siicu wide publicity has
been given, there is proof that be has lost
power and feels himself in retirement a
weakling in the world, an actor lingering
superfluous on tbe stage. Bismarck being
essentially a man of action needs office
through which; to exercise his power. De
prived of office be ha* no means where
with to exert his will. He is like a me
chanic without tools, like a great military
genius without an army— helpless as Bona
part- at St. Helena.
Gladstone is an illustrious example of
the man of thought who can be continu
ously great both in and oat of office. Al
though out of a position of power he
makes almost a throne of his home at
Ha warden and a scepter of his pen.
Among all .the great powers of Europe
Gladstone's eloquence still holds a promi
nent place. By his sneeches and his writ
ings he forcefully leads enlightened senti
ment to definite resolves and in his retire
ment is almost as potent as when Prime
Minister. No complaint of loss of power
is heard from his lips, nor will there be so
long as tongue and pen avail him to
utter what he thinks.
This contrast between two among the
greatest of our contemporaries leads, to
the conclusion that in the power of con
tinuing to perform useful work all through
life and in attaining satisfaction and hap
piness in the retirement of old age the
man of thought is superior to the man of
action. It seems that one who is distinct
ively a man of thought—that is a man
capable of finding satisfactory employ
ment in the workings of his mind, even
though he is shut out from any active
share in the world's great movements,
acquires a completeness of character, a
power for good and a capacity for joy
which he who is too restlessly eager for
eternal action to meditate deeply can
never attain.
PERSONAL
P. A. Tynan of Portland is here. ;7 .;
W. E. Menson of lowa is at the Baldwin.
Thomas B. Chard of Chicago, is at the Palace.
F. W. Coxey of Palo Alto is here on a brief
visit. .; y
Edward Brown of Mineral Point, Wis., is at
the Russ.
M. 81 Rose, a business man of Fowler, is in
i the City.
Phil Hirschfleld, a banker of Los Angeles, is
at the Lick.
J. W. Werboys, a druggist oi Santa Rosa, Is
in the City.
James Chamberlain of Provo, Utah, Is at the
. Cosmopolitan.
F. M. McCandless of EUenaburg, Wash., Is at
the Occidental.
Reginald W. Fennell of Chislehurst, Eng
; land, is at the Palace.
Al Woodward, who ls in the banking busi
, ness at Fresno, is in the City.
J. W. Prosser. a mining man of Denver, Colo.,
was among yesterday's arrivals.
W. W. Douglas of Sacramento, assistant
, State Controller, is on a visit here. > .
L. Cook, a mining man of Denver, who is en
route to Randsburg, is at the Russ.
G. B. Katzens'.eln, the grape-grower and
wine-maker of Sacramento, is in town.
Dr. J. EL Davison of Los Angeles, president
of the State Board of Health, is in the City.
D. E. Knight, the millionaire banker, steam
boat and land owner, ls registered at the
Lick.
Ex-Assistant District Attorney Mark Walter
of Fre«no arrived here yesterday and is at the
Grand.
T. J. Sherwood, editor and one of the owners
of the Marysville Democrat, is at the Occi
dental.
Henry Stelling, an extensive grain-grower
and dealer of Davlsville, is at the Buss, accom
panied by Mrs. Steillng.
Moses Heber, a business man of Roseburg,
Or., is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
family and Mist Ella Foster of Roseburg.
Ira G. Holtt, ex-State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, is up from his suburban home
at Burlingame and is registered at the Palace.
Professor C. H. Rockwell, a gentleman of '
large wealth wfco is greatly interested in
scientific research, arrived here from his home
in Tarrytown, N. V.. and is at the Palace.
Dr. Clarence L. Heller will leave in a day or
two for Europe to continue his medical
studies. He does not expect to return for three
years. 77. .
William Shewers and W. P. Yeatman, promi
nent business men of Birmingham, Ala, arc
touring the coast and are staying at the Cos
mopolitan.
Sheriff Tom Cunningham, the gray-haired
official of San Joaquin County, who has run
more bad men to earth probably than any
other Sheriff in the West, is ln the City. He ls
a witness in a Federal court triaL
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.— At the Wind
sor— N. O. Murphy, F. H. Crump. Broadway—
A. Bryan. St. Denis— Mrs. M. F. Howe, A. W.
Grant. Hcffman— G. Stone, Mrs. Tread well.
Continental— A. M. Womble. Imperial— R.L.
Dunn. J. L. Dinkelsplel. Ashland— F.
Valentine. St. Cloud— W. A. Hawley and wife.
U. Shlpman. Holland— X. Maddox. Rev. and
Mrs. Charles R. Brown of Oakland left the
Windsor to sail on the Spree for Germany.
GROVER *, GO NG SOON.
Just one month more of Grover and little
Thurbcr. How pleasant the anticipations of
their departure.— Salt Lake Herald.
Venezuelans know at least when a gift is
timely. They have presented President Cleve
land wth a walking-stick.— lnter-Ocean.
If Mr. Cleveland has saved $125,000 during
his present term he is to be congratulated.
The rest of the people have lost.— New York
Press.
A man responsible for as much suffering and
trouble as Cleveland has caused should not
only sal! away, but never come back.—ChlHi
cothe Leader-Gazette.
There is some' doubt whether Mr. Cleveland,
when he steps out next month, will consider
his veto of enough importance to take with
him.— Trenton Gazette.
If the Republicans are as happy to see Mc-
Kinley take his seat as the Democrats will be
to see Cleveland leave it, then they will be
happy inaeed.— Tiffin (Ohio) Advertiser.
The shout of joy that will go up March 4,
wheh Grover Cleveland has turned his back to
the White House, will tear a hole in space that
will penetrate tho walla of heaven.—
(Ohio) Herald. ' *__________i_7':
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Lucretla Estey died at Head ot the Bay,
Rockland, Me., at the age of 101 and left to
the nurse who had cared for her during her
last illness a jar of butter which she had had
in her trunk fsr twenty-seven years. .
Jean Dhenin, who served out a sentence of
fifteen years' hard, labor for trying to blow up
Napoleon 111 with an infernal machine on a
railroad train near Donla ln 1855, recently
blew out his brains at Li.le. He was 77 years
of age. *•■"',. '■»..'.".;
Governor Pingreeof Michigan was asked the
other day for a brief "sentiment" on Washing
ton's birthday, aud replied that "We're living
at the end of the nineteenth century, and too
busy to write sentiments about men who hare
been dead a hundred years."
Ex-Governor Morrill of Kansas has an Amer
ican fl-g that will be used as a winding sheet
at his burial. It was given to him by fifteen
old soldiers from the Leavenworth Home. He
said the other day that he prized the flag more
highly than all the official honors which had
been bestowed upon him.
Donald G. Mitchell, who is known to the
reading public as "Ik Marvel," author of the
"Reveries of a Bachelor" and "Dream Life,"
spends his declining years quietly at Edge
wood, near New Haven, Conn. He has no
fads or fancies, but has a horror of being
"written up" in the newspapers.
The Queen of England's descendants either
now occupy or will in due course sit upon
seven thrones— namely, those oi the British
Empire, the Russian Empire, the German Em
pire, the Kingdom of Greece, the Duchy of
-axe-Coburg and Gotha, the Grand Duchy of
Hesse and the Duchy of Saxe-Melningen.
Before Dr. Kansen started for the north pole
the London Chronicle agreed to give, him
£5000 ii ne succeeded in reaching the pole
and gave the first news of his success to the
Chronicle. .In case he did not reach the * pole
he was to receive £2500 if he sent the first
news of his failure to the paper. As it turned
out, Nansen's letter to the Chronicle did not
reach It until the news was already published,
and therefore the question of how much money
he should receive will be decided by arbitra
tion. ■ •,;V7"A7l J sS7*:p**>7& ;
JUSTICE F.LLD' > LONG TERM
The Washington correspondent of the New
York Commercial Advertiser writes: From a
hint dropped by a friend of Justice Stephen J.
Field it Is believed that before Major McKin
ley has been President many months he will
have a vacancy in the Supreme Court to fill
through the resignatlen of Justice Field, the
dean of the bench, who has been continually
in the harness since 18.3. The remark that
foretells this change was: "California will
have the head of the Interior Department for
half a year and Missouri for three and one
half years of the McKinley administration."
It was during the discussion, of some prom
inent ewes before the Land Office at present
that the statement was made. There were
present two close friends of the California
jurist who within six months wl.l have com
plete i the most remarkable term ever served
on the National Supreme bench. One of these
made statements which would indicate that
there Is a foreknowledge of the resignation of
Field by the middle of the summer, which is
to be followed by the promotion ,. of Judge Mo-
Kenna. 7.
Tne significance of the latter part of there
man, lies in the fact that the Canton advice-p
--are that McKinley promised the Missouri
friends of Major William Warner that he
should be mane assistant to McKenna. His
promotion at the same time would be a grace
ful compliment to the State.
Justice Field has not sat on the bench much
of the time since the beginning of his long
sickness last summer, and but for his ambition
to round out the longest term in the Supreme
bench yet on reord it is believed that he would
have retired long ago. A friend who dined with
him only a few days ago says the aged jurist
is fall! g away more rapidly than expected in
one of his age. Therp.- seems no doubt that his
term will close when he has eclipsed Justice
Marshall's record of long service from 1801 to
1835. Justice Field will exceed that term
early next year.
A MODES* OFF. E-bEEKER.
j Washington Post.
In the district which Congressman Ellis of
Oregon represents are two Presidential post
offices, Astoria and Portland. Only two, re
member, for that is the point of this story,
The other day, whi'o Mr. Ellis was seated at
his desk in the House, a card was handed to
him. He went luto the lobby and found a
young man. Forthwith the said young man
proceeded to address Mr. Ellis in this wise :
"Mr. Ellis, I have come to the conclusion
that I want to go West. I think that the
climate will agree with me and that there is a
chance out there for me to make a living. I
have saved a little money, but Ido not want
to take any risk of not finding employment.
I have come to you, therefore, with a sugges
tion. Mr. McKinley knows my father very well,
and I think mat he also remembers roe. Now,
if I could go out to Oregon as Postmaster of
Astoria I would settle there, and I am sure Mr.
McKinley would appoint me if you will only
recommend me."
The young man got no further in his speech.
Mr. Ellis, who is very tail, looked down upon
his visitor with a pa: alyzed stare, and then,
turning on his heel, walked back into the
House without saying a word.
ANSWERS 10 CO-RESPONDENTS.
Topknot Pigeon.— E* G. S., Livermore, Cal
"Topknot pigeon" is a common name aoplied
to the Goura>(lophyrus coronatns, or Columba
coronato), by far the largest of the pigeon fam
ily, native of Java, New Guinea and other isl
ands of the Indian archipelago. The head is
adorned *ith a. large semi-circular crest of
narrow straight silky feathers, always carried
erect "Topknot" is any knot, tuft or crest
worn or growing on the head, and is also ap
plied to any egret, crest or tuft of feathers on
the head of a bird, also to any projecting or
conspicuous ornament for the head, specifi
cally a bow of ribbon that formed a part oi the
headdress of the women of the seventeenth
century. Farquhar. in the first comedy ("Love
and a Bottle*') that he wrote, in IG.B, says:
"We had that among other laudable fashions
from London; I think it came over with your
mode of wearing high topknots."
In "Popular Antiquities" there is the follow
ing in regard to topknots: "It is undoubtedly
irom the Danish that the 'bride favors, or
•the topknots' at marriages, which were con
sidered as the emblems of the ties of duty and
affection between the bride and spouse, have
been derived."
NEWSPAPER PL.ASANTRY
First Kentuckian— l understand the lynch
ing of that man who murdered his wile was a
very quiet affair.
Second Kentuckian— Oh, yes; recent death
in tne family, you know.— Detroit JournaL
Spring Poet— should like to write for your
paper. You want the manuscript sheets blank
on one side, don't you? '. ','.
Managing Editor— On both sides, if you
please.— Tit-Bits.
Blinks— l hear your .on is on the bench now.
Slinks— Yes, substitute pitcher on the New
Yorks.— Record. ■■■-. »
Lonesome Larry— l'm awfully uncertain
about what I ate at dat boardin' house.
Weary William— What did it look like?
Lonesome Larry can't describe it. but
its norn de plume wes hash.— Free
man.
"I see," he said, looking up from his news
paper, ''that men have reached a point now
where they they can fly with the aid of kites.'
"Some men don't need kites," she returned.
"No?" in some surprise.
"No. They're light-headed enough to fly
without them if their .boots didn't hold them
down."— Chicago Post.
"I see," he observed, musingly, '-that a yel
low whitewash has just been invented."
The editor of the New Journalism leaped ex
citedly from his chsir. "Great Scot!" he ex
claimed, * 'who did It? We must secure him at
any price as an artist for our colored supple
ment I"— New York Pros s.
Priscilla— Jack is the oddest fellow. He
took me driving yesterday, and when we were
seven miles from home he said if I wouldn't
promise to marry him he'd make me get out
and walk bark.
Penelope— you walk back?
Priscilla— indeed, but the horse did.—
Truth. ■■
BISHOP ABMITAGE OBPHAKAQE.
Trustees and Officers Elected to Serve
for the .Ensuing War.
! The annual meeting of the Bishop Arm
itage Orphanage Association was held yes
terday aiternoon, at which Mrs. F. C.
Brewer, the president, in -presenting her
report, explained that it had been consid
ered advisable to hold the annual meetings
of the association henceforward on the last
Tuesday in February, Instead of in July,
as heretofore.
The removal of the children from the
San Mateo house to the association's new
headquarters at the corner of Second and
Folsom streets did not imply the abandon
ment of the former, which would be used
for the supply of farm produce. The acqui
sition of the old Marlborough bouse bad
also been deemed advisable owing to the
recent decision of the Supreme Court,
which ruled the orphanage out of all lega
cies while located in San Mateo.
The new headquarters, it was also stated,
will be formally dedicated by Right Rev.
Bishop Nichols on Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock.
The treasurer, L. Wadham, presented
his report, which was to the following
effect : Cash on band February 13, $54 26
--received irom State aid, February 15
$5471 89; tills paid since February, in
treasurer's possession from July I. 1896, to
January 1, 1897, amounting to $4">69 37,
leaving a balance on band of $956 78; un
paid bills still due to January 1. 1897, $300
leaving a net oalance of $156*78. '
The following trustees or the ensuing
year were then elected ; Right Rev. Bishop
Nichols,- Major W. B. Hooper. T. J Par
sons. L. Wadham, Mrs. F. C. Brewer, Mrs.
H. R. Judah. Mrs. AW. Moore, Mrs. John
Middleton, Mrs. A. W. Deane, Mrs. George
E Butler, Mrs. George W. Gibbs.
The trustees subsequently met and
elected officers as foilpws: President, Right
Rev. his i on Nichols; vice-president, Mrs.
F. C. Brewer; secretary and treasurer, L.
Wadham; superintendent, B. F. ' i_-_
Warne;, matron. Mrs. B."F..Le Warne.
George T. Parsons was appointed special
agent for the sale: of theater tickets for
the forthcoming benefit performance of
"Caste," at the California next Monday.
GREEK AND SAXON
SIDE BY SIDE
Public Invited to Attend
the Ball in Aid of
Crete-
Guests Will Dance Beneath the
Overhanging Fo'ds of Two
National Flags. ,
_-____——
Bishop Nicholas of th Greek Church
7; Has Contributed to the Rolief
Fund.
The special committee appointed by the
Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society to
raise funds for the Cretan .sufferers has re
ceived a donation of $50 from Right Rev.
Bishop Nicholas, of the Greek Catholic
Church, accompanied by the following
note:
May it please the benevolent society to re
ceive from me $50 for the unfortunate Cretans.
Nicholas,
Bisnop of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands,
honorary president of the Hellenic Society.
The Bishop's donation and good wishes
will be suitably acknowledged by the
committee.
The splendid results of last Sunday's
mass-meeting were not enough to satisfy
tne members of tue committee, who are
now making elaborate preparations for
the entertainment and ball to be given in
the Turn Verein Hail. 323 Turk street, on
Saturday evening. That, it is expected,
will serve to add substantially to the snug
little sum raised on Sunday. The pro
moters wish it to be understood that both
the entertainment and ball will be free to
the general public. In fact, one of the
objects of the former is to furnish an ex
planation of the true motive and object of
the Greeks in San Francisco in encourag
ing the present agitation. To that end A.
Splivalo, the well-Known attorney, has
prepared an address lor delivery in Eng
lish on the evening in question.
The Greeks who attend the ball will
wear tbe picturesque national costume of |
their native country, and the interior
decoration* promise to be of an elaborate
character. Two standard-bearers carry
ing the Greek and American flags and
resplendent in uniform will be in at
tendance, and two young Greek girls,
elegantly and appropriately costumed,
will represent, respectively, persecuted
Crete and Liberty, in whose name and for
whose possession the former is so gal
lantly fighting.
The following committees have already
been selected:
Arrangements— A. Kosta (chairman), C.
Demetra-, X. Damianafcis, George Checure!-, •
D. Samios, C. Capiios, £. Coklnos; floor man
ager, M. D.Vemvales; floor committee — George
Fundas, P. Vretios, A. Simacopulos, P. Pan
dages, P. Pappademos.
The officers of the Hellenic Society.
under whose auspices the ball will be
given, are as follows:
President, C. Demetrak; vice-president,
George Fundas; treasurer, A. Kosta; secretary,
A Papageorge.
"We feel," said Mr. Demetrak yester
day, "that the Amer.can people ought to
know exactly what we wish to accomplish
and why we wish to do so. We are con- '
vinced thai as soon as they obtain this
knowledge they will sympathize with us i
quite as well as with the Cubans, becanse, I
as Professor Putzker so well said last j
Sunday, the Turks are a barbarous people,
who are persecuting those of a different
religion. The Cretans have fought 300
years for liberty and are still fightfng. It
seems to us nothing less than a sin for
the powers to oppose the Greeks, who seek !
to assist them. We claim no more than |
justice. We ask the citizens of America, j
and particularly of this City and Cali- j
fornia, to examine the question fairly and I
honestly. The Turks hate the Christians,
and the outrages they commit upon them '
are terrible. It is well known that they J
dishonor the family life of the Cretans, '
abducting young girls to stock their
harems. If the Americans give us only
their eood will we shall accept it with
gratitude. The latest telegrams announc
ing-he bombardment of the Greelc camps
by the warships of the powers has aroused
great indignation among us, and we be
lieve that this indignation will be shared
by all fair-minded people."
IN FRATERNAL LINES.
The Martha Washington Tea by Seven
Pines Circle, Ladies of the
G. A. R.
The entertainment and Martha Washington
tea given last evening in the banquet-hall of
the Native Sons' building by Seven Pines
Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R.. was a very
pleasant affair and was attendsd by a largo
number of people. There were twenty-five
•members of the circle attired in the costume
of colonial days, and George and ] Martha
Washington were personated by John Pelre
poud and Mrs. Loretta Simpson, and they
were a handsome couple as they led the grand
march after the entertainment. One of the
ladles, Mrs. A. J. Budd, a member of the circle
who was born in the Bermudas, wore a fine
wnite lace shawl made by her p randmother at
the age of 14. This was Mrs. Captain Wood,
who lived to the age of 87 ana passed away
thirty years ago, therefore the shawl is 105
years old.
The programme included "Marchine
Through Georgia," by Miss Ha. tie Kennedy
recitation, Miss Mi-Master; "La Cac'uca ''
danced by Miss Tillie Erb and Miss' Tlllie
Emhoff; "Recompense," sung by Mrs. Foster
fancy dance by two little " girls, Maggie "nd
Edna Honn, and "Answers," a song, by Mr
T«~^m The talent was >oudly app auded.*
After the programme mere was dancing, and
then tea was served by the members of the
th rc le i. The amount realized will ba used for
_"£ in need! the eld eterans of the war who
are in need.
Past Sachems' Association.
There will be a meeting to-night In Red Men's
Hall of all the past sachems of the reservation,
with a view to form a past sachems* associa
tion. j At a preliminary meeting held a few
days since Porter L. Bliss was chosen tempo
rary secretary, and the purpose of the new or
ganization was outlined. It will be to advance
™ B ?|?" i" thls reservation, attend the
the degre" Sl " ln the WOrk ° conferring
WhH^ V S .", he ? Ms pald a fraternal visit to
wit V_Si Tl i " ,ast evening, and he was
well received. He gave ,he members a. long
.vi _V, - lch W, ). ll ,en ed to with a great deal
v«t.e-B°M r . To : nl «.ft- he will pay an official
visit to Bald Eagle Tribe in its wigwam.
College or Correspondence.
W. G. Rltch, past grand master and repre
sentative to the Sovereign Grand Lodge, has
Issued a circular calling attention to the estab
lishing of a college of correspondence and in
struction in the principles, methods, woik and
duty of Odd Fellowship. This Is the out
growth of a memorial to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge, which originated in the Grand Ledge
of New Mexico, and the idea is the establish-
Hn?.i. A mlfge ? correspondence on the
lines laid down Ly th * Chautauqua Society, so
that every Odd Fellow may acquire a liberal
education in Odd Fellowship, *ne idea is a
good one, for the reason that the members of
if? c.ve .v d « rca ? not receive too much instruction
in the line of their duty.
Order of Chosen Friends.
The following named constitute the commit
tee of arrangements of the Order of Chosen
Friends who are to make arrangements for the
reception and entertainment of the represen
tatives to the Gran 1 Lodge that ls to meet in
this City on the 13th of next April: J. E. L.
Biecke, E. A Street and F. H. Martel, from
Concord Council; William Goldbarg, M. Strauss
and Mrs. R. Davidson, from Crystal Council;
J. H. Pendergast. M. Mark and Mrs. M. E. El
liott, from America Council; E. M. Morgan, i
M. Case and B. B. Newman, from Pacific Cour..
ci;; Mrs. 8. R. Lowe, Mrs. E. Trewin and J. D,
Berry, from Sunset Council; Charles Wiener,
H. Hochbourn and Mrs. N. McPhersou. fro_\
Alcazar Council; C. E. Eeecher, W. I. Delatour'
and M. J. Heu.y, from iramarltan Council;/
Mrs. S. B. Fuziclcerly, Mrs. S. H. Ewell and J. L.
Homer, from Home "Council; Mrs. 8. Kreuger,
Mrs. S Goldstoue and S. G-ldstone. from
Washington Council; Mrs. M. Porter, Mrs,
Sanders and R. E. Hll.man, from Olive Brand
Council; R. T. Ba.-i.-u3. C. T. D; mis and D.
White, from Social Connell; Mrs. A. Francis,
J. Jordan and Mrs. E. yon Buckley, from Em
pire Council; Mr-. Julia Brown, Miss M. Under
wood and Mrs. X Packer, from Evans Council;
Mr». P. Brown, Mrs. A. B. enm and Mrs. M.
Pfauedler. from California "Council; M. M.
Nunan, \>. O'Connor and A. Bohen. from Gold
en Gate Council;. Max t-neider, Mrs. R. Koh
ler aud Mrs. A. E. Kieuger, from Teuton
Council; H. Osgood, Mrs. Alice Lowis and
M. A. King, from Fairmount Council; Thomas
H. O'Brien, Mrs. Carrie Been -nil George J.
Schawerberlee from Phoenix Council; J. p
Reugg, H. J. 0 t and Mrs. R. Retinal, V. Zim
merman and Mrs. Whittaker, from Bradford
Council, and Fred A. Taylor from ti.e initia
tory team. Fred A. Taylor Is the chairman of
the committee, D. White, vice-chairman and
Charles Weiner secretary.
Junior Order American mechanics.
The members of the Junior of United
American Mechanics, having bad their day
on the 22d inst., are now turning their atten
tion to the next session of the State Council,
which will be held in Sacramento during the
earlier part of next mouth.
A new council is soon to be instituted in
Alameda by State Councilor H. C. Schaertzer
State Secretary Terry and members of Custer
Council.
The following named are the new officers of
Constitution Council No. 38 of Stockton: i..
C. Bailey, councilor; R. J. Farren, vice-coun
cilor; J. W. Black, recording secretary; *■;.
Martin, assistant recording secretary; M.
Goldworthy, financial secretary; F. W. Hutn
mell, treasurer; J. U. Sawyer, conductor;.'.
W. Galbraith, warden; 11. Goodman, ins.;,,
sentinel; G. W. Zimm, Outside sentinel.
BOUND FOR KINGS RIVER.
Rapid Progress Being Made on the
Twenty-Mile Contract From \
Fresno. J
It was reported yesterday at the meet
ing of directors of the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad that the grading for the twenty
miles between Fresno and Kings River
was going on very prosperously. Tbe con
tractors are the Grant Brothers, who are
among the most experienced railroad
builders in the West They are interested
in different enterprises at Albuquerque
and elsewhere.
The communication from the Mayor of
Oakland and other leading officials of that
city desiring a conference in reference 10
making the terminus of tbe road in Oaa
land was read, and went over for a week.
Mr. Spreckels was absent, and, as First
Vice-President Watt explained, it was de
sired that he be present with the others
when it came to taking action.
No other supplies have been bought
lately. Everything in every department
is progressing very satisfactorily.
Tng-of-War.
Popular interest is now being equally divided
between the big fight at Carson and the big
tug-of-war tournament which will be presented
at the Mechanics' Pavilion Saturday night A
great deal of tug-of-war talk is now heard
through,! ut the City, thus proving its popu
larity. Final preparations for seating the vast
audiences expected are progressing and there
will be Comfortable seats, furnishing a clear
view for every spectator.
mmm —
Calvin Summers Sued.
Jane Corn well, by her attorney, H. B. Mon
tague, has sued Calvin B. Summers for $800
alleged to ba due on a mining transaction.
— * — ->
Salt roast pecan & almonds; fresh. 905 Larkin
mm.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
• mm
Fecial information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. *
• — ♦ — — — i
The King of Portugal, although still a young
man, has become so obese as to be scarcely able j
to walk, all medical treatment, even that of A
his clever consort, who is a physician, having**]
proved inadequate to check the progress ot V
his phenomenal embonpoint. *
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness the
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Hall road will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1, 2 and 3,
valid for return until March 8. -similar ticket
via B. and O. R. P. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
shortest and most direct line to Washington tbe
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any In all
A menca. Passengers also have the option of trav
eling via Akron and Pittsburg or via Bellalre and
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestlbuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service Is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application by
L. S. Allen, assistant general passenger agent, B.
and O. K. p.., Grand Central station, Chicaga
"The Overland Limited. "—Only Three
and a Half Ways to Chicago.
The Union Pacific la the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, fan Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smotring and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, ban Francisca
• 0m
"Mn. Winalow'g Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. Jt soothes lie child, Roftensibegum-.
allays Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates*.-* Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom teething or other causes. >or sale bydrti^
(Ist in every part of the world. Bs sura and as .
lor -Irs. Win-low's -soothing Syrup. 25c a bottltv
• — * — •
foaoxADO.— Atmosphere la perfectly dry, so**
mdi nd mild, being entirely free from the mists coal
men further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel J -I
Loronado, $65-. longer stay 92 60 per day. App,/
4 New Montgomery at..' san Francisca
' ♦ — • : . \
As a dressing and color restorer. Parker's HAt V.
Balsam never fails to sa.isfy. ■
Hindkbcorns, the best cure for corns, 15 cts. ™
m ♦ .
1 itk.ke can be no doubt that a timely use ot
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral would prevent many
serious throat and lung troubles.
» ♦ —
Bret Harte estimated some years ago that ha
had written 600 stories, and as he has since
continuea to be bury with his pen the Boston
Herald think* he must be regarded as in
most prolific story-writer of the time. He ha*
written only one long novel; "Gabriel Con
roy." • '-'77:>i;.'* iv-:-7. -■"-■•-."•■.
TV KEW TO-DAT.
Scott's Emulsion makes
the blood richer and im-
proves the circulation. It
increases the digestion and
nourishes the body. It cor-
rects diseased action and
strengthens the nervous sys-
tem. In a word, it places
the body in the best possible
condition for preventing the
germs of Consumption from
beginning or continuing th eta
work. In that one sentence
is the whole secret. Book
covering the subject very
thoroughly sent free for the
asking.
. : SCOTT & BOWME. Q__e_su. N.w Y<*_.Sl* flteß *"*■■» ■» ■"■■*- ***-
WEDNESDAY..... FKBKCABY 24, 1887
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Wednesday— \V. H. Hammon, forecast
' official,
* General \V. 11. I- Barnes has consented to
•speak at the mass-meeting for Cuba.
J. -M. Wood, the blind music a.i known la
many mining enems, has returned here.
Bishop Nicholas of the Greek church has
contributed $50 to the Cretan relief fund.
E. P. Dewey, charged with forgery, has Deen
'-.acquitted by a jury in Judge Cook's court.
Henry .Siangan's will, filed yesterday, be
queaths his $7500 estate to his insane sister.
.Mrs. Ki'.Up' Ayala has sued her husband, J.
Ayala, lor $75 a month as permanent support.
• The California Labor Convention mass-meet
* ing will be held to-morrow at Metropolitan
Temple.
Adelaide Green has sued lor a divorce from
James T. Green on the ground of failure to
provide. '•*'. _'
Charles B. McCloy, a defaulter of Bay City,
* Mich., has given aims -If up to the United
, States Marshal.'
The Board of Supervisors has adopted the
usual resolution providing for the collection
of delinquent taxes.
Arthur Kdd has been chosen a-slgnee of
Acres & Williams, insolvent debtors, with
bonds fixed at $3000.
A good tennis tournament was partially
played off at the California Club courts on
Washington's birthday.
Committers have been appointed to superin
tend the Greek ball on Saturday, which prom
ises to be a great success.
The Supreme Court has upheld the claim for
pay for overtime made by ex-District Attorney
H. C. Dillon of Los Angeles.
The will of the late Hannah W. Adams has
been contested by her .randchlldren, who
were bequeathed only $500 each.
The unemployed collected two wagon-loads j
of :ood yesterday for trieir headquarters, where
1100 men were f'.d during the day.
William A. Karr.s was convicted 'in the
United States District Court yesterday of
having counterfeit coin in his possession.
Wong Sing and Chin Poy, charged with the
murder of Little Pete, were jvs terday held to
- answer beiore the Superior Court "without
bail.
The rooming-house of Mrs. Cook. Van Ness
avenue and Grove 6;rep.-t, was entered by a
burglar Monday afternoon and several articles
stolen.
A verdict of accidental death was rendered
by a Coroner's jury in the case of Daniel J.
Rooney and of suicide iv the case of Emma
Krer.z.
The Grand Jury yesterday was employed in
. hearing evidence in several cases of alleged
lelonies. The County Hospital cases did not
come up.
* A drunken janitor of the School Department
. attempted to assassinate Principal Joseph
" O'Connor of the Horace Mann School last
Thursday. - - ,-: vj--;-, :.*.;•
The jury in the case of Yee Chee, charged
with visit. ng a tan game, failed to agree in
Judge Joachimseu'o court yesterday and was
discharged.
; The Concordia Club is to present "Zenda's
King,'' a burlesque, by John P. Nilsjn and
William L'jrra.ne, next Saturday evening at
the clubhouse.
John Miller, who killed James Childs in this
City on the 18th of last mouth, is on trial for
murder in Judge Cook's court. His defense is
temporary insai Ity.
The residents of Sunset Valley petition for
better sewerage facilities for their section and
also that Nineteenth avenue be opened from
the park to Ingleside.
Sheriff George S. McKenzle of Napa, the can
didate for United States Marshal of the North
. em District, is here. He says he has the gen
eral Republican support.
The directors of the San Joaquin Valley Rail
road met yesterday. It was reported that
grading between Fresno and Kings River was
going on very prosperously.
Attorneys J. F. Smith and Joseph Coffey
were given into the custody of trie Sheriff by
Judge Wallace yesterday. An appeal will be
taken to the Supreme Court.
The brig Percy Edward will probably sail
for the Southern Seas to-morrow. She has
over a hundred adventurers aboard, who are
in search of a new El Dorado.
A shortage in this year's supply of grain bags
has caused an advance in prices. The State
Prison Directors have raised the price from
$4 75 to $5 on the prison-made bags.
A psrty of officials of the Trans-Mississippi
and International Exposition to be held at
Omaha, will visit this State, and at Sacra
mento will confer wita the legislators.
S. B. Abbott, M. McKenney, George M. Wood,
8. Slesinger and Henry Clement have filed ar
ticles of the incorporation of the Supreme
Council of the Royal Fraternal Guardians.
.red Vail and cook In a bakery at 836
-Valencia street, was cut on the chin by Fred
Ludemau, driver of a wagon, yesterday ana
Ludeman w as arrested for assault to murder.
• The boulevard will be built to give work to
the unemployed, and a committee will hur
riedly obtain rights of way while funds are
being collected to carry on this and other re
lief work. . ' ".-7 v♦-
Henry Smith, who for many years was asso
ciated with Curry Bros., and for nearly two
years past a. clerk in the County Clerk's office,
died early yesterday morning at St. Luke's
Hospital. 7,- : :'
The general committee on arrangements for
St. Patrick's day celebration met last evening
and partly perfected a programme, but left
much to De planned at a meeting to be held
next Sunday afternoon.
The gypsies who have been camping in Mill
Valley lor months past attempted to get
away on the Australia yesterday.. They had
their passage money but could not show the
$50 apiece necessary to secure them a landing
in Hawaii. Every' steerage passenger must
have that much in his or her possession before
the authorities will pass them.
NEW TO-DAT. *
Blood
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary , from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cctico__-
Soap, gentle anointings with Coticcea (oint-
ment', the great skin cure, and mild dosea
of Coticcea Resolve-nt, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
Qticura
.!• iold throughout the world. Poma CaiM-
Cobp., Sole Prop... Boiton. _'"
SkW " liow to Cur* B-ery Blood Humor," free.
CAPE UIIUfIDO F.llinr H_i and Bsby Bt«m-
fftUt nUMUnO Uhei cure* by CVTIcD*--o._r.
QnnC Weak backs, painful kidneyi,
OUlib sore lungs, uterine pains, muscu-
lar pains, rheumatism, relieved
£DftTQ quick as an electric flash by the
■3 1 UI 0 Collins' Voltaic Electric Plaster*
The Brig Percy Edward as She "Will Appear "When Under "Way for an Unknown Island in the Southern Seas. Over a Hundred
Men Have Taken Passage on Her, and Her Captain and the Managers of the Expedition Exp.ct to Get Away To-Morrow.
"HERE'S FOR THE
SOUTHERN SEAS"
Toast of the Adventurers
on the Brig Percy
Edward-
They Hope to Make Fame and
Fortune en a Tropical
Island.
Over One Hundred Men Have Con
tributed $ioe Each in Order to
Join the V.nture.
Manager . Reinhart of ihe South Sea
island colonizing expedition is tne hap
piest man In seven States. He has at
least $10,000 "cash on hand," and so far
has only paid out $2500 for the old brig
Percy Edward and say another $1000 for
necessary repairs. Where the colonists
are going they do not know, and further
more they do not seem to care. Nearly
all of them are unsophisticated farmers
from the interior, and like the unfortu
nates who made an excursion from Aus
tralia to Paraguay in the Royal Tar, they
seem to think they have the ball at their
feet and all they have to do is to make
the necessary exertion and a fortune is
theirs.
Some of the members of the expedition
say they are going "to the South Sea
islands just for fun," and that they do not
expect to have anything but an enjoyable
cruise after an imaginary island. The
fact still remains, however, that the Percy
Edwards was built exactly thirty-one
years ago in Boston, Mass., and that her
late owner did not fit her out again for
another whaling cruise. The brig be
longed to James McKenna, and two years
ago she went to the Arctic, but did not
make enough money to pay the $1 that
each member of the crew was paid off
with. Since then she lay up in Oakland
Creek until the man who invented "the
Adamless Eden" came along, and then
there was a demand ior a vessel tbat could
be bought cheap. The Percy Edwards is
189 tons net, 105 feet 4 inches long. 28 feet
1 inch beam and 10 feet 1 inch deep. She
has been thoroughly overhauled and re
paired, and a cruise in her in the Southern
seas will be as safe as in any whaler that
has left port during the past month.
"Well! well! well!" said Henry Peter
son, the champion oarsman, yesterday,
when he viewed the preparations being
made, "they sa*- they are going to have
plenty ot fun. Well, I'm willing to gam
ble dollars to doughnuts that they'll get
all they expect. Why, they do not even
know where they are going" and God help
the man who is going on a roving edi
tion in the Soutnern seas in search —
nothing."
"This is the worst comic opera I have
ever witnessed," said an employe of the
Harbor Commission. "There Is not the
slightest chance in the world for a man in
New Guinea without money and as to the
Solomon group or the New Hebrides, the
men who go there should carry a Gatllng
gun and plenty of ammunition. There
are more cannibals than Eves down there
and the passengers on the Percy Edward
nad better look out."
Nearly three years ago a similar expedi
tion to the one planned to leave on the
Percy Edward next Thursday left Austra
lia on the bark Royal Tar. It was bound
for Paraguay and everything that the
colonists had was put into the general
fund and all and sundry were to share and
share alike. A concession had b-en re
ceived from the Govrnment of South
America and each family was to receive
so much land and each single man was to
be given so much in proportion. It was a
second South Sea bubble and disaster fol
lowed it from the moment the vessel
reached its destination. The colony m
ow almost deserted and the colonists are
nearly all back in Australia, sadder but
wiser men. Will the expedition on the
Percy Edward prove more successful, is
the question of interest on the water front
just now.
First Mate Driggs of the brig is confi
dent that the venture will be a success,
and says tbat besides owning thevessei
and her contents there is $7000 in the
treasury. Where they are going he does
not know, and the destination will not be
known until tne vessel gets to sea. "She
will clear for a cruise in the southern
seas," .aid he. According to him the pub
lic and the press looked upon the scheme
as chimerical, but he is certain that it will
be a success. '
Three young farmers joined the expedi
tion yesterday, and each paid $100 .or a
chance in tbe glorious future tbat awaits
them in the new Eden,' serpents and sav
ages barred. .._'•.'• •
In the meantime the Percy Edward
will probably clear to-day on "a cruise to
the South Sea island--, "and Thursday will
see "all hands and the cook" aboard and
ready for the excursion. Revolvers. Win
chesters and shotguns are part of the pas
sengers' equipments, and while the pas
senger, aay they will not fight unless
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUAKY 24. 3 897.
forced to they are prepared for contin
gencies.
LEALE AT GRANTS PASS.
After Rounding- the Horn a Dozen
Times He Was Seasick on
. a Flume.
Captain Leale of the steamer Caroline
had a peculiar experience during bis re
cent trip to Grants Pass. He has been
around the Horn a dozen times and never
was seasick, yet when he came to walking
a Hume at the place mentioned be enjoyed
the first sensation of genuine seasickness
he has Known.* The party was on a visit
to one of the mines, and Leale was the
only sailor in the crowd. The sight of the
.rushing water reminded bim of the Caro
line in a sea way, and th* experience was
so unexpected that be immediately he
came sick. In fact, according to bis own
account, be had to get down and clutch
the crossbrace in order to save himself
from falling. Finally bis companions got
him on his feet again, and Leale finally
reached the mine in good order. On the
return trip he had recovered his sea leg",
and the captain of the Caroline was on
deck again yesterday. He thinks so much
of Grants Pass tbat he vows be will give
up Bteamboating and start in as a rancher
and miner. TS£k_
. Powell-street wharf is dangerous and
vessels will not dock there lor months to
come. The Farallon went there on Sun
day and landed considerable lumber and
this caused the center of the pier to sag.
The piles gave way and it looked as
though everything was going, but luckily
something held and the structure was
saved. Yesterday Chief Wharfinger Root
issued instructions to the D. H. Bibb
Lumber Company and the Simpson Lum
ber Company to remove their belongings
at once and also posted a notice to the
effect that the wharf is dan.erou- for
ve-sels to lie alongside. This particular
wharf bas been a dead loss to the com
mission from the start. Vessels cannot
lie at it at any time without extra moor
ing lines, and when a gale comes up they
all seek safer quarters. Last year over
100 feet was cut away from the outer end,
and now it would not be at all surprising
to bear of the present commission order
ing the whole structure torn down.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia sailed for Honolulu yesterday with
the following -passengers:
J. P. Groom, J. B. Hallady, Mrs. G. H. Hol
den, A W. Kennedy, T. A. Kennedy and wife,
J. H. Kirkpatrick, Mrs. J. C. Kirkpatrick, R. J.
Li. lie, J. B. Madden, Dr.W. F. McConkey. Miss
Lucy McGuire, J. N. Murdock, Miss P. E. Neu
mann, Miss Newiands, Mrs. A. Preuss, 11. B.
Reid, Mrs. A.Schmacber, William Waterhouse,
P. L. Weaver Jr., Mis-. J. S. Wilson, Captain Z.
Allen, Mrs. W. G. Ashley and children, Eugene
Bernheimer. Thomas Blyth and wife, Charles
Blyth, S. 11. Boardman, J. Butler and wife,
A. J. Cartwright, Mrs. Bruce Cartwright, Dr.
W. F. Charming. H. S. Cbann Ing, A. F. Clarke,
Mrs. Frank Davcy and three children, Miss
Alice Demlng, T. T. French and wife.
The gang oi gypsies who have been
making their headquarters in Mill Valley
lor a month past attempted to gel away
on the vessel but failed. They had their
pa-sage money all read)*, but the captain
demanded that each bead of a family
should put up $50 to show tnat be was not
a pauper, as otherwise he could not land
in Hawaii. .Tnis the gypsies could not
do, so the vessel sailed without them. It
afterward transpired tbat tbey are pro
fessional beggars and that among them
they have over $2000, but;that it is mearly
all in negotiable paper on European
banks. When the Australia sailed Ser
geant Tom Mahoney marched them back
to the Sansaiito ferry and saw them safely'
en route for Marin County. The men of
the party say they will have all the neces
sary money on hand before the Alameda
sails and that they will go to Honolulu on
her.
Division 2 of the Naval Battalion had its
revenge yesterday. Jack Meyer of Divi
sion 1 and Harry Hart-nan (Handsome
Harry) bad a dispute about the relative
merits of the two. crews. Harry asserted
that bad Division 2 bad the gig its crew
would have won hands down In spite of
the poor turn. Jack thought differently
and offered to back his opinion. "You
were in the race," said Harry. "Now, I'll
row you around the Anglesey just for fun
and show you how easy it is to beat a
member of 'the champion crew." Meyer
took him up and the race was rowed.
Hartman won hands down and Meyer
paid for the drinks.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Doric sailed for the Orient yesterday.
Among the passengers was Commodore
McCarthy of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, who is going to make a tour ot
China. The vessel was heavily laden and.
H. Maitland Kersey, who is out here in
the interests of the White Star line, was
down to see her off.
LITTLE PETE MUfiDEK,
Wong Slog and Chin Poy Held to An
swer Without Ball.
Wong Sing and Chin Poy, charged with
the murder of Little Pete, were yesterday
held by Judge Joachimsen to answer be
fore the Superior Court without bail.
~Last week Attorney Smith, for the de
fendants, after the prosecution had rested,
made a motion to dismiss on various
grounds. The Judge took the motion un
der consideration till yesterday and gave
his decision re using it.
Attorney Smith then- declined to pro
duce any evidence for the defense, and the
Judge held the defendants to answer.
Sued by m French Company.
The Compagnie Francalse dcs Mines dOr dv
Luicbo, by Attorneys Gordon & Young, yes
terday filed a suit against W. R. Grace & Co.
lor $1132 59 alleged overcharge for freight
on mining machinery conveyed by Grace _- Co.
to Mollendo, Peru.
übmett's Corn cure. 327 Montgomery st. 25c,
CALIFORNIA BONDS
QUOTED IN LONDON
A Distinction Accorded for
the First Time in
History,
The Honor Secured to . the Ha
waiian Commercial and
Sugar Company.
Stock and Bond Exchange Look to It
as ths Entering Wedge for
Other Securities.
The interesting Information came by
cable to the Stock and .Bond Exchange'
yesterday tbat the recent issue o: the local
bond- of the Hawaiian Commercial and
Sugar Company of this City had been
given an official quotation by the .London
Stock Exchange.: -.*- _*.'-•
Tbis is an entirely unique distinction
it being the first purely Calilornian
security so honored. Tho issue of three
quarters of a million of these bonds was
recently floated by Colonel George W.
Macfarlane in London. This issue is a
conversion of the bonds of a former issue
which had been running for some years at
a 7 per cent rate of interest. That issue
roaturea last year and the conversion was
made at _>_ per cent. The bonds have
been also listed on tbe local Stock Ex
change and will thus have tbe advantage
of a double quotation, an advantage said to
be enjoyed by no other bonds here, and
which is certain, say dealers, to send them
to a good premium in course of time.
Tne official listing of tbis California se
curity in London, it is thought, will prove
the entering wedge for floating other
local bonds and shares of other and larger
California corporations in that great
money market. This is why tbe news cre
ated so much interest on 'Change yes
terday. •'• ■■', "■'.'; ■'.'•'■ " '
"And why is it such a difficult matter
to obtain recognition for Californian se
curities?'* was asked of Colonel Macfar
lane yesterday.
"Chiefly because of the long procession
of insecurities that nave been offered there
as bona-fide securities within recent
years," he said. "While there are plenty
of sound and pood paying investments in
California, there is no doubt that London
has been fooled a great deal in wildcat
land schemes and other ventures.
"Any security quoted on the London
Stock Exchange, however, has a standing
in financial circles thai it cannot obtain
in any other way. This is because of ti.e
extraordinary care taken by the exchange
to ascertain its status. It has taken
something over six mouths for these se
curities to pass tbe ordeal. A great num
ber of documents had to be submitted to
the Stock Exchange committee, which is
composed of thirty members of the high
est standing in financial circles. They re
quire of tbe issuing house in London, be
iore .ranting a quotation, a complete and
verified list of all the subscribers to the
loan and the amount taken by each. The
committee must ascertain if the subscrip
tions and allotments are made in good
faith, and must find that no allotment
has been made to any member of tbe syn- ;
....
MEW TO-DAT.
f%^_~ The
J||l||? Glow of ,
«SP*V Health
'IpSg'^ Vi,^J»--fc '0 N A WOMAN'S CHEEK, THE
_—^ — *^ / bright eye. the vigor, 'the spring in her
'' ■ | f^ A Slop are the things that make her the ad-
d?~^ '-aJ-.\ * _ _y ,: miration of men. There's a ma.neti.m
<^^ y^-??2^f- \k* ..r^ - **^ about a healthy woman that a weak
<**-^^^: «__ f_J woman does not possess, even though she
• Jjtj./^. . • N&-.7 >S be handsome. The glow of health makes
>»" ._? '--"^S?"! i?\ te; 5W even the plainest face attractive. It can-
I* " *.^^^«^*«L jr* -'"''V not be duplicated °' imitated with suc-
!____-**—* "^c^-^&^g-N^^- cess. -Rosy cheeks and weakness are ene-
- * ""S^* . . . mies. If you woul I look healthy and feel
. well strengthen your weak parts, build up
your vital forces and nature will be kind.
Assist your weakened nerves by the toning and invigorating effects of electricity as
supplied by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Oet rid of those headaches, that feeling of
weight and depression.' "I bought your Belt for severe nervous prostration. I was
so bad I could not sleep. To-day lam as well as any woman, my age. I would not
sell my Belt for $200 if I couldn't get' another," writes Mrs. Amelia Quinn of 250
Richland avenue, San Francisco. "I am stronger and feel better in every way and
am gradually gaining in weight. My friends say I am now the perfect picture of
health. ' I cannot praise your Belt too highly," writes Mrs. Louise Peterson of 472
Salmon street, Portland, Oregon. '*.:•, *7 * .
The warming, toning power .from Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt adds new life to
women.' It daily increases the healthy vital force. It cures weak women as it cures
weak men, by renewing the wasted strength. Get the little book that tells all about
it, free; or call and consult the regular physician of thirty years' experience who is in
charge. \ ;-■*■ /" *.•"■*' . 'J- ' '-.'■':-.''.:-
S_-.»T-3_3]\r 3.IXJ-30T8.X0 CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office tours— B A. M. "to 8 P. M. ; Sundays. 10 to I. Los Angela- Offlca 204 South Broad-
way : Portland." Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver.' Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
* msV'lm.,— _*»-_« no aiista_.e la tie number— 632=. _la*-.ei tirc-iU
dicate unless the subscription by the pub
lic bas fallen short of the amount of the
loan called for. Only upon such finding
will official recognition be given by the
Stock Exchange to the bonds.
"This is done to prevent stock jobbery
and the consequent impairment of the
credit of the company whose bonds are so
placed. It is done likewise to protect tbe
public who invest in securities upon the
express assurance of the exchange com
mittee that the representations made in
placing them are justified and that the
quotations are in good faith their repre
sentative value; that the business world
can with confidence expect tbe prompt
payment of tbe interest accruing. The
securities thus quoted, therefore, acquire
a special value and usefulness, being
recognized by the banks and financial
houses.
"In the course of time," continued Col
onel Macfarlane, "the payments of inter
est being promptly made, the bonds go
to a premium, which ultimately reaches a
point that represents a certain unit of in
terest, so to speak. They can be then con
verted at par into other's bearing less in
terest. In this way our California bonds
may be placed at the same rate of inter
est which older and richer countries have
obtained through the good faith shown in
the dealings of our people with the finan
cial world of London. This is really what
has taken place, as I explained,
in regard to the Hawaiian Com
mercial and Sugar Company bonds,
being converted in its second issue
from a 7 to a s>_ per , cent basis.
This is especially notable in tbis case, it
being a distinctly local company, the
management being entirely in the hands
of tbe board, of directors in this City.
There are, you know, Californian com
panies formed in London, the board of
directors being there. That is an entirely
different matter." 7 7 777. ' 7
Colonel Macfarlane has had a long ex
perience in London financial affairs and
speaks from an intimate knowledge. He
took Hawaiian Government bonds in
London— ooo,ooo of them— and they
went to 13 per cent premium. He after
ward floated the Hawaiian Street Railway
bonds. This was a London company that
operated the road from London. He also
floated tbe stock of a large sugar estate,
tbe management of which was divided
between London and San Francisco.
A LAND SWINDLE.
The Grand Jury Hears "Evidence Is a
Sharp- Practice Case Between
Farmers.
The Grand Jury was employed yester
day in bearing a quantity of testimony in
several allegations of crime. The case of
Jacob L. Thurston, charged with firing a
shot at George H. Pettis in a saloon en
San Jose avenue recently, was begun and
will be resumed on Friday.
A number of witnesses were heard in an
allegation against George W., John T. and
C. H. Donaldson, charging them with
having swindled George W. Robinson in
a land transaction. Tbe story goes that
Robinson exchanged a farm in Monterey
County for a larger farm with Donald
son, in consideration for which he not
only gave a clear deed for his farm, but
$1500 in cash. It has since developed, ac
cording to the allegations, that Donald
son's farm, for whicn 'he gave what pur
ported to be a deed, was,' in fact, not his,
having been sold to the State lor taxes, as
well as being heavily mortgaged. This
case will also be concluded on Friday. It
is almost certain that an indictment will
be found. 77. 7*7 77 -.7,77
Charged With Forgery.
Daniel Hogan and R. J. Mullins, the two
young men who presented a forged order for
$5, signed by Daly & Davitt, bakers, at their
shop, 116 Ninth street, Saturday night, were
booked at the City Prison yesterday on the
charge of forgery. They were also suspected
of breaking into the cigar and stationery store
of Fred Statier, 167 Ninth street, Saturday
afternoon, but the police have been unable to
find any evidence against them.
CYCLERS WANT A
WESTERN LEAGUE
Local Wheelmen Heartily
in Sympathy With ths
Proposed Movement.
"Secession and Independence"
• Is the New Cry, Adopted
Since the Convention.
If California Takes the Lead, She
Will Have the Support of
Many Sister States.
Among the cyclers and those interested
in the sport there was but one topic of
conversation yesterday, and it was such a
satisfying morsel of gossip that none
seemed to tire of discussing it. They
talked of the League of American Wheel
men and the proposed secession of Cali
fornia and many other Western divisions.
. The secession movement is gaining
friends here with every hour. The return
of R. M. Welch and nis report of the un
favorable and .elfish legislation adminis
tered by the National assembly has in
censed the local cycling leaders, and they
are anxious to take the initiative in a
movement to better the racing interests
here and elsewhere, with the full assur
ance of hearty support from all the West
ern and many of the Southern and Central
States.
Great faith is placed in Mr. Welch, and
rightly, too, and the wheelmen feel that
his view shall be their-. He was the or
ganizer of the California Division eleven
years ago. and has been actively con
nected with it and has been indefatigable
in his efforts lor the general good of the
members ever since. He is known to be
fair, unbiased and impartial, and is not
one to pass judgment too quickly. There
fore when he returned here and told of
the state of affairs in the East it needed
no confirmation, though such had been
received by several in the shape of private
letteis from his fellow-delegate, Judge
Kerrigan, who is still in New York.
Regarding what may be done, and to
show the feeling of other States besides
California over the action of tbe recent as
sembly, it may be opportune to quote
here an editorial from the last issue of
Cycling West of Denver, one of the strong
est wheel papers published, and which
presents the sentiments of Colorado, Wy
oming, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri,
Texas, Utah and the whole Northwest.
With no desire to be sensational I cannot
resist the prophecy tnat the arrogance of the
Eastern L. A. W. contingent, as demonstrated
in the last assembly, will result in secession
on the part of the entire West, if not, indeed,
of the South as welL To be brutally frank
about it, the seeds of rebellion sown in previ
ous discpntent have already germinated in
the heat of natural resentment and the L. A.
W. structure is crumbling in rottenness. The
New York and Massachusetts coterie have
pressed their supercilious dominance too far
and the back of the long suffering camel has
broken. -'
There will be a new league I A league that
will have sense as its fundamental basis with
a superstructure of equity, and,' better still,
efficiency. A league of wheelmen in which
the meaningless, effete, obsolete term "ama
teur" will have no recognition. It will be a
white man's league; a league which will
recognizs the sovereign ritht of every State to
formulate its own regulations as to the hold
ing of Sunday races, contingent on the
desires of . its own constituency. A league
which will institute no star chambers of any
kind and a league which will from its very in
ception control cycle racing in its entirety.
It will be, primarily, an associated union of
State leagues under the general direction of
a National directorate. It will assume and
usurp no inequable power, no ludicrous arro
gance of jurisdiction over any but those whom
it has a legal and moral right to govern. There
will be no imbecility and injustice of '-sus
pension pending investigation" of spiteful
charges. It will support no personal "offi
cial" organ for the convenience of any edi
torial ass who lusts to inflict his oninionate
idiocy upon a suffering constituency. In
short, it will have incorporated none of the
senseless features which have^made the L. A.
W. monstrosity a butt for contumely and ridi
cule. The pretensions of the new league will
be no insult to every decent man's intelli
gence. It will simply be what the L. A. W. is
not— an organization for the conservation and
promotion of the interests of cycling in their
entirety.
The necessity of secession from any form of
government is deplorable in itself. The advis
ability thereof is always more or less prob
lematical, but the results are always beneficial
when such secession leads to the elimination
of an abuse or the adjusting of a wrong.
Human patience ls an exceedingly clrcum
NEW TO-DAY.
You can have Schilling's
Best tea on trial; you can
try it as much and as long
as you want.
'■.*" You can try every one of
the five flavors and get your
money back in full if you
don't like it.
Tea and money at gro-
cers'. «
A .Schilling & Company
San Francisco B_|
HEW TO-D AT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
_I«j_Eb» EHKI.I.N- : Proprietor <& Manager
— - TO-NIGHT — '
GRAND DOUBLE BILiX.!
Yon Snppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
THE l-OVBIj"y
"GALATEA"
— : — AND .'
Gilbert <_. Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera,
"PATIENCE."
GRAND CASTS!
Beautiful Scenery and Correct Costumes
.77 — NEXT WEEK
* l * , , ___C___! -Jk-CI-EE^fILIDO!"
'"__■_-_£___. _3trll-___._ft.UO! "
Popular Prices : — 25c and 50c
MATINEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY).
Fariiuei, any scat, _sc; Balcony, any sea;, D.
Children. 10c. any par-
BARNEY FA UAN and HENRIETTA BYRON
Farce Comedians; THE KINNEYS, Champion
Swimmers; HAVES. J_YT'l ON Jt HAVES, In
"Camiile Up to Date." THE PANTZERS: THE
BENFiiS; GRAN ,1 OPERA A KTIS TS, dciLLK,
Abbauofi*, Miss Cottk and Miss Boscu, and
Numerous Novelties.
Beserved Seats, _Sc; Balcony 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Sea's, 60c.
Concerts ; Dy the Royal ; Hunearlan Court Or-
chestra immediately after . the evening perform-
ance In the Orpheum Annex. i '
THE CHUTES.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BUSCH, the Golden Vamnire; URESINO. Wire
Walker, the ANJMATOSIOPE and
The Mexican Band > To- Night t
, ADMISSION 100 CHILI-KEN 5o
scribed virtue and ope easily exhausted.
Tyranny in any iorm is unallowable in these
days of individual equality, and when a few
interested members of an association acquire
the power and evince, the disposition to exer
cise a drastic mismanagement of Its policy in
their own personal or sectional aggrandize
ment, that association is in imminent danger
of disruption. The L. A. W. is on the verge ■:>£
a crisis, it is even worse. ii has been suicidal
enough to dig its own grave and to put its foot
in it. It has had warnings 6ufflcientand it has
chosen to disregard them. Wnen an Institution
has undermined its own foundation and la
crumbling in structural rottenness it were
better that It should fall. The L. A. W. la tot
tering to Its ultimate destruction.
Until some action is taken, the whole
work of the league on this coast will be
stagnated, and it is very doubtful if it
will ever go on under any of the present
officers. Nothing will be done until Chief
Consul Kerrigan returns, when lie will
probably be . flooded with resignations
from local consuls and committeemen.
As he will probably want to hand in his
own at the same time, it is hard to say
what the end will be.
The feelin_ of secession is very strong.
It has gone to a considerable extent
already among tbe higher officials. A
half dozen of them were ..gathered on
Market street yesterday afternoon dis
cussing the situation. . "Where is your
league button?" asked one of another, re
ferring to a lapel button they all wear.
"Here in my pocket," he replied, showing
it. "I took it off this morning; I'm
ashamed to wear it."
MILLER MURDER TRIAL.
James Chllds' Slayer Believes That He
Was Insane.
John Miller, charged with the murder
of Jamps Childs on the 18th of last Novem
ber, is on trial in Judge Cook's court.
It is understood that Miller's defense
will be based on the theory that he was
insane at the time he fired the fatal shot.
Childs did hot know Miller and met his
death because he returned to help a
woman who was being pursued by Miller
with intent to murder. The tragedy oc
curred on Natoma street in this City.
NEW TO-DAT.
'mS§ teeth
TEETH
g fllJF ND BREATH
Preserves the Teeth, hardens the
Gums and perfumes the Breath.
A sample of Sozodont and Sozoderma Soap for
Ic. Address the prop's. Hall & Kuckel. New York.
lIP "I :* BJ_l_-BjL*-T*:*^-IWaD
SEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHatma-* -eCo. (Incorporated) Jfropridta.-i
THREE WEEKS
EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday Only.
A TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS!
It delighted the audience.— Report.
"Shore Acres" will probably do one of the big-
gest engagements that the Baldwin has known.—
Chronicle.
-shore Acres" Is of finer mold than "The Ola
Homestead."— Examiner.
A wonderfuliyatiractive play.— Poit.
A qualutness and susges'lveness that are Inex-
pressibly charming— Bulletin.
-shore Acres" Is indeed an idyl, and Untie Nat
is nature Itself.— .
JAMES ATHERNE
■:.-<■; As NATHANIEL BERRY in
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HENRY C. MINER.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ax, Hayman* & Co. (Incorporated). ... Proprietors
Extra !— Matinee To-Day—
TO-NIO-HTI— —
I>«st Performance.
"OUR LITTLE CINDERELLA"
COMPANY.
Thursday, Feb. 25-SOUSA'S CONCERT BAND.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
/-Thursday Febraary 25
Evenings -< Friday February 26
(.Saturday ....February 27
(Friday February 26
Matinees J Saturday.... February 27
(.Sunday '....February 28
SOUSA.
ELIZABETH .NOHTHKOP Boprano
MAR i INA JOHNSTONE Viollniste
ARTHUR PRYOR Trombone
FRANZ Hi-LU Fluegelhorn
Prices— soc. 75c. Sl. Sl SO. i
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAITER MOROSCO. ..SoIo Leasee and ilaai-.:
SPLEN DID REVIVAL
Of Oliver Byron's Sensational Melodrama,
10,000 MILES AWAY.
• Presented With a Splendor Never Before
Attempted in a San Francisco Theater.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY !
STIRRING SITUATIONS
Many Specialties by Numerous Clever Artists.
Evening Prices— lOo, 25c and 50c.
Blatineea Saturday aud Sunday-
tWiCOUnDtHOOTTLOpB** __>• Ann run- tuts-
Fanny Rice's Baby and the Doctor.
Everybody is talking about them, but her new
version of -AT THE FRENCH BALE" and
her splendid company excels everything in sight.
New Music, New Dresses, New Specialties.
Only Matinee Saturday.
ALCAZAR ! Ent^H^>i
The Biggest Success in Years!
The Great Madison Square Theater Play,
SAINTS AND SJNNEKS!
GEORGE OSBOURNE, FRANCES JOLLIFFE,
HUGO TOLAND and the Entire Company.
Our Regular Prices I Telephone tor seats. Blacx99l
O'F.rrell street, wear aiocktou.
San Francisco' Family Concert Hall.
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS !
HOUSES CROWDED TO THE DOORS!
HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuoso, and his
Brilliant Organ lzailou,
THE VIKNNA OKCHESTRA.
aiJ-Grand Concert Every Evening at 8 o'clocic.
— -— — —__——--——__————_._——___—____————____—_—-_——-
■
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK).
The only Feriwc- Winter Racetrack in America.
JMp.jjggfeS RACING
Racing From Monday, Feb. 2 2. to Satur-
day, March 0, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 3 P. M.
Take Sonthern Pacific train- at Thirl ani
Townsend sis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1 :20 p. it,
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds. SI.OO.
'lane Mis^lon-st. electric line direct to trace.
The Moet & Chandon White Seal Stakes Mon-
day, February 22.
The f-cbreiber Stakes Saturday, February 27.
The Crocker Slakes Saturday. March 6. :
A. B. -Si'REC-CKL-. i'resldea_
W. 8, Leake, fcecretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PROGRAMME. 7/
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, xom Children, *»«•
78
BARNES TO SPEAK
FOR CUBA LIBRE
He Condemns the Cleveland
- Administration for Its
Apathy.
The Local League's Mass-Meet
ing Will Be Attended by
• All Classes.
Reasons for Believing That McKin
ley's Cabinet Will Call Spain
to Time.
Every arrangement for the forthcoming
mass-meeting of the friends of Cuba that
can be perfected before the meeting of
the general committee has now been j
made.
The. general committee of the league
will meet at California Hall, Bush and
Powell streets, on Friday night. The
business will be to organize to promote
the work of the league and make arrange
ments for the mass-meeting.
The committee felt gratified last night
at having made arrangements for a num
ber of short speeches at the mass-meeting.
In addition to speeches by ex-Senator
Frank McGowan, Attorney A. R. Kanaga, j
W. S. Scott, H. E. Highton, General |
Salomon and A. Ruef arrangements were j
completed yesterday for an address by |
General W. H. L. Barnes, one of the
most ardent friends of the Cuban revo
lution.
Speaking of the . matter yesterday
General Barnes said:
"I shall be very much pleased to speak
for the Cuban League. They are doing
a loyal work, and Jones and Mascherini :
and all the others back of the movement!
deserve great credit.
"1 am outraged and incensed at the
brutality of the Spanish, whose barbarities
are revolting; but a thing that makes me |
feel just as bad is the pusillanimity of !
the present administration. It seems to j
me we have reason to look for something j
decisive when the McKinley administra- j
tion is fully under way. If they do not |
reverse the passive, policy of the present I
<
!
1 shall be very much pleased
* They are doing a loyal work, and
others back of the movement desei
I am outraged and incensed
whose barbarities are revolting;
just as bad is the pusillanimity
•seems to me we have reason to
the McKinley administration is fi
.reverse the passive policy of the p
go out of the business of trying tc
A RISE IN GRAIN BAGS.
The Price Going Up on Account
of a Considerable Short
age.
j j
State Prison Directors Have Made an
Advance en the Convict-Made
Stock.
. ' From all indications there will be a
scarcity of grain bags this year. The
market has already felt the influence of
this state of affairs. As usual the poor
farmer will have to suffer and but little
assistance may be expected even from the
convict-manipulated looms in the jute
mills at the San Quentin State prison.
Within the past few days there has been
a great jump in the price of grain bags
and the top figures are far from reached
yet. The Pacific Coast usually consumes
about 35,000.030 grain bags. Last year five
sailing .vessels from Calcutta arrived on
this coast laden with about sixty million
bags. Two of these vessels landed at
Portland, Or., and three at this port.
This year bat three vessels are to arrive
laden with grain bags, and they will not
carry over 26,000,000 bags. As stated the
average annual consumption is about
35,000,000. The shortage will have to be
made up by shipping by steamer, which
comes high. On. the sailing vessels the
freight is $3 50 per ton of two Dales, each
bale containing 2000 bags, but oh the
steamers the freight amounts- to $10 per
ton or for 2000 baps. The difference will,
of course, be added to the cost of the bags
and the farmers will have to stand it.
The Board of State Prison Directors is
fully aware of this condition of affairs, and
it has not been slow to take advantage of
the market. Ear.y in January a lot of
1,000,000 bags were offered at $4 65 spot
cash, as the directors wanted to raise
some money. At that time there .was no
t great intimation of danger and the sales
were small. About February 13 the War
den was authorized to sell 1,000.000 bag*
at $4 75. It did not take long to dispose
of the 2,000,000 at that price. .
At the meeting of the board last Satur
day the price was jumped to 5 cents, or $5
• per hundred in lots not to exceed 10,000 to
legitimate farmers or grain-growers. The
quantity to be sold is limited to 500,000
bags. At present «here is about 1,500,000
grain bags in bond at San Quentin, and by
July or August this number will be in
creased by 750,000.
With the prospect of a shortage in the
supply and the uncertainty of wbat the
next tariff on jute may be the farmers will
be likely to pay good stiff prices this year
for bags for their grain.
; CUT ON THE CHIN.
Result of a Row in a Valencia-Street
l'akery.
Fred Vallandt, cook in Ruiz's bakery,
836 Valencia street, and Fred Ludeman,
driver of one of the wagons, had a dis
pute yesterday afternoon and Ludeman
cut Vallandt on tbe chin with a Knife,
inflicting an ugly gash and Vallandt was
taken to the City and County Hospital
in the patrol-wagon, where his wounded
chin was stitched and dressed.
Ludeman was .arrested, by Policeman
Job!; Young and A. 11. Riehl, and taken
to the Seventeenth -street station, where
lie was booked ou the charge of assault to
murder.
The Suits Against Mrs. Craven.
The suits of the Fair estate against .Mrs. Net
tie R. Craven were exiled in Judge Slack's
court and the trial was postponed until the
Ist of next montn. -
incubus they might as well go out of the
business of trying to govern." -
In this connection it should be remem
bered that John Sherman is one of the
stanchest of the friends of Cuba, and he
is looked on as a strong power in the Mc-
Kinley administration. Possibly he would
not have been so outspoken had he known
how close he would be to the administra
tion, but it is well known that Sherman
has been an avowed opponent of the
Cleveland policy of non-interference and
an advocate of drastic measures for
Cuba's relief. ; G '._
Attorney A. R. Kanaga, formerly a
well-known Ohio attorney, but for ten
years prominent in Washington and Cal
ifornia, is a strong friend of Cuba. He
also knows McKinlev very well. Speak
ing of the Cuban question, he said:
"1 think there is every reason to be
lieve that the McKinley administration
will do something for the Cubans. They
ought to do it by all means and without
delay."
Callers continue to visit the headquar
ters daily, and every mail brings letters
of encouragement to the secretary. The
following came yesterday:
HAROLD, Cal., Feb! 21, 1897. !
Faust Mascherini — Dear Sir : I am
pleased to sec that there is such a wide
■ spread sympathy with the Cuban pa.
triots. 1 write to assure you of my
hearty sympathy with the cause of
Cuban liberty, and incidentally to offer
my services should an opportunity pre
sent itself of sending troops to Cuba.
1 have had very little military experi
ence (eighteen months in >'. G. C. Sev
enth), but such as 1 am, Cuba is welcome
to mc.
There are twenty or thirty men who
would be glad to go with mc. lam 22
years of age and very strong physically.
Should there be a chance for us to go,
kindly let me know. Yours for the cause
of liberty everywhere, 7: • * - • *,> .
CLOUDESLEY T. JOHNS.
P. S.— lf you think it would be any use
you might forward my letter to Secretary
Quesada. *"_;'__• H?. C. T.J,
The foregoing is a fair sample of the
letters from men who stand ready to do
more than talk should occasion arise.
The following is a letter of another type,
of which there are many:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 23, 1897.
Faust Mascherini Esq., Secretary Cu
ban League, 2006 Mason Street, City-
Sir : I wish to sign the roll of member
ship of the Cuban League, and to lend
all the aid and assistance in my power to
help right the terrible wrongs in Cuba,
that cry aloud in piteous appeal to God
and man. Very respectfully, your obe
dient servant. T. A. NERNEY,
6 Eddy street, San Francisco, CaL
President Jones has issued a request
for every member of the Mayor's Com
mittee to be present at the meeting on
Friday night. Important arrangements
will be made at this meeting.
to speak for the Cuban League.
J Jones and Mascherini and all the
rye great credit.
at the brutality of the Spanish,
but a thing that makes me feel
of the present administration. It
look for something decisive when
ally under way. If they do not
present incubus they might as well
o govern.
W. H. L. Barnes.
LADY WASHINGTON TEA
Entertainment in Aid of the
Nathaniel Gray Kinder
garten.
Patronesss in PowJercd Coiffure
Serve Refreshments in the Name
of Charity.
Society ladies, patronesses of the Na
thaniel Gray free kindergarten, powdered
their hair yesterday and donned the
quaintly picturesque Martha Washington
gown to serve tea in the name of. charity.
Each year the patronesses of this kinder
garten have appealed to the generosity of
the public, and the affair of yesterday was
equally as successful as its many prede
cessors. Mrs. * Will Fisher generously
placed her lovely home at the disposal of
the ladies. Drawing and reception rooms
were made beautiful with many flowers,
and in the dining-ball a tempting table
was spread.
The hours of the tea were from 3to 5
i and 8 to 11 o'clock. During both after
noon and evening there was an excellent
musical and literary programme pre
sented, the numbers being contributed by
the best local talent.
Tickets were sold nt $1, and a tidy sum
was realized.
The ladies of the reception committee
consisted of: Mrs. Robert Mackenzie,
Mrs. F. L. Whitney, Mrs. J. C. Campbell,
Mrs. W. M. Pierson, Mrs. George East
man, Mrs. Judge Myrick, Mrs. Ralph
Hooper, Mrs. H. T. Ames, Mrs. Huff, Mrs.
Dr. Lame, Mrs. Howland, Mrs. Dr. Law,
■Mr-. H. Law, Mrs. John Fiournoy, Mrs.
W. Stow Ballard, Mrs. H. E. Huntington,
Mrs. Charles Slack, Mrs. Norwood, Mrs.
A. . D. Tuttle, Mrs. A. W. Jackson, Mrs.
George F. Ashton, Mrs. M. B. Higgins
i and Mrs. Cyrus 8. Wright.
- FOR HIS INSANE SISTER.
William Siangan's Property Will Be
Devoted to Alleviating Suffering.
The -.ill of the late William Mangan
was filed in. the County Clerk-, office yes
terday by Attorney Daly. It is a peculiar
document, written on a small scrap of
paper about 4 by 2 inches in size.
At first It was thought that Mangan
died intestate, but in looking over tbe
papers this small screed, written with a
lead pencil on a page torn from a pocket
book, was discovered. Jt reads as follows:
San Francisco, Ca:., Aug. 6, 1896.
I, William Mangan, leave all and everything
I have ol this world's goods to my sister, Delia
Mangan. She shall have all power to do as
she pleases with it **-ithout bonds. Nobody
shall have power to question her authority to
do as she pleases with it.
William Mangan.
On the opposite side of the document is
the statement that the testator never
made any other will.
Mangan's estate is - estimated to be
worth $7500. The sister to whom the
property is bequeathed' is insane and an
inmate of the asylum at Ukiah. Steps
will bo taken to have her provided with
all the comforts to which a paying patient
in that institution may ba entitled.
Smuggled Opium Sold.
A quantity of smuggled opium was sold at
the Appraisers' store yesterday at unusually
high prices, and of the 185 tins on hand 50
wer» old at $4 00 per tin and the remuinder
at $4 30 per tin. These prices are considered
to denote that opium is scarce lv the ban Fran
cisco market.*
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. All drug
fciets refund the money ii it falls to euro. _ic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
A FIELD DAY
FOR THE DOCTORS
Played a Leading Part
in the Supervisors
Yesterday.
Dr. Do_ge Submitted an Argu
ment on Dangers Due to
Expectoration.
Committee on Legislation Hade a
Suggestion for a Street-Law
Amendment.
The doctors in the Board of Supervisors
had a field day yesterday. Dr. Rottanzi
presided and Dr. Dodge, as chairman of
the Hospital Committee, filed the report
of leading interest.
Dr. Dodge urged the passage of tbe order
prohibiting expectoration on the floors of
public buildings and sidewalks anu sub
mitted a long report. This set forth that
the habit is disgusting and in the nature
of a public nuisance. The principal fact
urged -was that consumption is propagated
often by the habit. A part of tbe report
bearing on this point was as follows:
There are certain parts In tne south ol France
that were iormcr'y noted health resorts for
this class of patients, that have become hot
teds of infection, largely owing to the satura
tion of. the. soil by Its long exposure to the
presence of large numbers of consumptives.
Even now many physicians hesitate to send
patients to many of our own health resorts in
the southern part of this State, lor fear of the
evil results tnat follow the aggregation of any
considerable number of these oalients.
Scattered about sidewalks and on floors,
the method oi infection by sputum is direct.
Gathered on shoes, it is carried directly into
our homes, infecting carpets and rising Ina
fl:.e dust wheu these are swept. And wnile
the female portion of our population persist
in wearing long skirts to their dresses on the
streets, just so long are they in constant dan
ger. Cases hate come to your writers' notice
of womon who had been observant enough to
notice that whenever they ripped the binding
from the bottom of their dress skirt to replace
It they contracted a severe cough, and no
doubt here lies a great danger.
Your committee docs not desire or rather
will not attempt to legislate against the wear
ing of si-ch garments on the street. It does,
however, desire to see suitable legislation
taken with a view of lessening the propaga
tion of this dreadful disease, consumption. j
Many Eastern cities, as -roll as several cities
and towns in this Stale, are successfully en
forcing orders relating to this habit, and your
committee would ask the adoption by this
board of the order which it has prepared on
this subject. ;'. ;'.
This report was adopted by the board.
Tbe ordinance transferring from the
Fire Department to the Police Depart
ment the duty of keeping the aisles and
lobbies of theaters clear during perform
ances went over for another week, upon
motion of Supervisor Britt, the motion be
ing seconded by Supervisor Smith. Mr.
Britt said that the purpose of his motion
was to give the chiefs of the two depart
ments time to come to soma understand
ing before the question should be argued
by the board.
The order providing that the public
printing shall be done only in offices which
are approved by the labor unions went
over for one week more, Supervisor Smith
only voting no. .;*.*',*::
A communication was received from Dr.
J. F. Morse, charman of the Committee on
Receiving Hospital of the Board of Health.
asking that the driver or the Receiving
Hospital ambulance may be required to I
purchase a uniform in accordance with the
order of the Board of Health.
The ordinance favored ' by the Board of
Health, as introduced by Dr. Hart, to pre
vent the spraying of clothes by the mouth
in Chinese laundries, was received.
James H. O'Brien asked that the Super
intendent of Streets be instructed to enter
into a contract with him "for the 30-foot
front for which the City and County is
liable, on the crossing of Gough street and
Willow avenue." :;"•?; -:•,*.! &&?'<<•%:
li. M. JS'ewhall petitioned for the can
cellation of assessments against the Lon
don Assurance Corporation and the Atlas
Assurance Company.
A draft of an act to amend the street
law was received from the Merchants' As
sociation. The principal point is a pro
vision requiring a contractor for paving
to maintain the pavement laid by him
free of cost and to keep it in good condi
tion for a period of not less than five years',
with the exaction of a guarantee. '
The Committee on Judiciary submitted
a report dealing with the draft of a bill
submitted by the City and County Attor
ney to acquire by condemnation or pur
chase lana or property for the laying out.
opening, extending, widening or straight
ening, in whole or. in part, for a distance
of 500 feet or less, of any road, highway,
boulevard, street, • square, lane, etc. Con
cerning this the committee expressed the
opinion "that whenever property is to be
acquired for public use proceedings should
be taken under the law of eminent do
main and the City and County acquire the
same at tne public expense. The com
mittee also reported in favor of the I
amendment of Assembly bill 151, to pro
vide the mode for .changing grades of
public streets, etc., by striking out the
provision as to making protests of the own
ers or one-half or more of the owners of
the property terminate all proceedings.
Concerning this the committee reported:
"The object of changing grades is for the
benefit of the property, and the rights of
all persons are protected by the statute as
to damages, if any. from such proceeding,
and any provisions of the character
named would be to render nugatory the
object of the bill."
The Committee on Finance and Audit
ing reported that they could not find out
how the City and County could order and
pay for improvements under the plan pro
posed by Labor Exchange Branch No. 26.
The ax swung only once. Charles Wil
son lost t lie position of janitor in the Re
ceiving Hospital and Charles Whelan was
appointed to take his place.
' It was decided to refer to the Street
Committee the report in favor of discon
tinuing tbe issue of permits for private
contracts for such work after March 1.
The Superintendent of Streets, was in
structed to make a guarantee for five
years a part of the contract for the repay
ing of Geary street, between Kearny and
Powell. This was one of the measures
favored by the Merchants' Association.
Another measure favored by that organ
ization upon which favorable action was
taken was a recommendation that three
s'reet-crossings be paved with asphalt,
brick and cobbles, property-owners to pay
one-halt the cost, the total cost not to ex
ceed 22 cents per square foot The Street
Superintendent was also instructed to pro
ceed to remove obstructions from certain
streets in the neighborhood of the Pre
sidio, to which General Forsyth some
t me ago called attention, claiming that
the City was not fulfilling the conditions
under which the land was granted to tbe
City by Congress. .. -':'.''
Supervisor Shcehan was appointed a
member of the Judiciary Committee, vice
Supervisor Rottanzi. ' '_. ;"
The customary annual resolution mak
ing provision for the collection of delin
quent taxes was adopted. Alfred Fuhr
man was named as special counsel to col
lect the taxes. -.■■-■■-
Resolutions were' finally passed award
ing to the Troy Laundry Company the
contract for a laundry plant at the Alms
house; also permitting the Olympic Gun
Club to discharge firearms at Ingleside. *>
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
Acted on by the Board.
--1 -ie following is a complete summary of
the street improvements which passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWAHI> OF CONTRACTS. .
Cortland avenue, Mission to Andover —To
Thomas Claris, plan's side walks.
ray street. Jones to Leavenworth— Fllnn _*
Treaty, basalt pavements
LOWEST BIDS OS BTBEET *VOB_.*
N street south, crossing to .Twelfth ave
nue sooth— Storm-water inlets. William-, Belser
<£ Co. .
N street south and Thirteenth . avenue
south— _.ame.
N street smith and Fourteenth avenue south—
Storm-water Inlets, M. c. Hogan. -
P street south and Twelfth avenue south— Same.
I' street south and Thirteenth aveuue south—
Storm-water inlet*, Williams, Belser & Co.
P street south and Fourteenth avenue south-
Same. <'.'■•■'.'
•Mo t tgomery avenue, Bay to Point streets-
Grading. Warren <_; Malley.
OBJECTIONS TO STBKET WOBK VKR I' LIID.
Lyon street, In ion to Chestnut— "sewers, etc
Devisadero stree., Chestnut to Beach— Same.
RRSOLUTION ORDERING STREET WOBK.
First avenue, Fulton to Point Lobos avenue—
Bituminous pavement.
First avenue, Clement to California— Same.
First avenue. California to Clay— Same.
Firs, avenue, Clay to Washington— Mune.
First avenue, Point l_ob 0 s to Clement fame.
Oueriero, .Nineteenth to Twentieth— Stone side
walks.
. Eighteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Same,
Sanchez, Tweuty-niuth to Army— Plank side
walks.
Clement street Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth
avenues Pipe sewer.
Clement street and Twenty-fifth avenue— Pipe
sewers, culverts, manholes, etc.
Clement street, Twenty -fifth to Twenty
avenues— Pipe sewer, etc.
.lenient street, anu Twenty -sixth avenue— Pipe
sewers, manholes, cesspools, culverts, etc.
Geary street. Kearny to Powell- Bituminous
pavement; work .0 be guaranteed Aye years.
Stockton street, Ells to t/'Fartell — Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO OBUEB STRKET
WORK.
Hampshire . street, Twenty-third to Twenty
fourth—curbs and paving.
Stable alley, Valencia street to Caledonia alley—
Bituminous pavement.
Second avenue. _9U feet from A street to Point
Lobos avenue — 1 ipe sewer, etc.
- fourth avenue. 180 feet from A street to Point
Lobos avenue— Pipe sower, etc.
Fourteenth street, Noe to Castro— Granite curbs
and basalt pavements.
Alpine street, Thirteenth to northerly termina
tion— Grading, curbs. sewer, macadamizing, etc
mission s.ree:. Highland to Crescent avenue*—
Curbs, pavement, etc. **■_.- v-:**
Mission street, Cortland to Highland avenues— At
various points curbs, pavement, storm - water
inlets, gratings, c.c. '- '■'•%■
O'Farrell street, Bagbv place easterly along
northerly line for forty ieet— Stone sidewalks.
Valiejo street, Webster to Fillmore— Curbs and
paving.
MENDED PASSED TO BESOLCTIOX OK
DEBINQ.
Bush street. Pine to .-you— sidewalks.
Sycamore street, Plymouth to Capitol avenues
grading aud macadamizing, •.•...:'
Fair Oaks streeu Twenty-second to Twenty
third—Bituminous pavement. '.~sr
STREET | WORK RECOMMENDED BT SCPEBIN
TKNDKNT OF STREETS.
Thirteenth street, Devisadero to Alpine— Pipe
sewer, eta
J.tlery street, Bryant to Federal— Curbs and
paving.
Harrison street and Preclta avenue— Cesspools
and culverts.
Treat and Preclta avenues— Same.
P. co place, Harrison to Bryant— Curbs and
bituminous paving.
K.ghieeuth street, Brannan to Townsend— Curbs
and basalt paving.
Eighteenth street, Townsend to Khode Island-
Same. : i.-HD-m ....
Khode Island street, Division to Alameda—
ing, curbs, etc.
Kbode Island and Alameda streets— Same.
Khode .Bland street, Alameda to Fifteenth-
Same. ■' r ~~*^;, y— ;
Mason street, Beach to Jefferson— Grading.
Mason and Jefferson streets— (.ratling, brick
sewer, etc. :
RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE.
Greenwich a id Octavia— Bun ml nous pavement.
Linden avenue, I.ai,iin,. to Buchanan— same.
Turk an I Goufsh streets — -ame. -
PROPOSALS TO BE BEAIpVEBTISED.
Clement street, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth
avenues— c ewer.
l-KTUKB. proceedings RECOMMENDED job
OMISSION.
Leavenworth and Union— Stone sidewalks.
First avenue, Fulton street to Point Lobos ave
nue — MacA-amlzltig.
First avenue. Point Lobos' avenue to California
street— same. • >. . ...  . . ■ ■ .
Thirteenth street, Devisadero to Alpine— Sewers,
etc. >■-?*:'""
EXTENSION OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Cole and Wal.er streets— J. J. Bowling, 60
days on paving. t
Baker street, Tonquln to Lewis— Warren &
Maliey, 90 day- on grading, etc
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Emerald— B. Bodson,
ninety days on sewerins. grading, etc.
California and Laurel streets— Pacific Paving
Company, sixty days on paving, curbing, etc
California nnd Locust reels— To same, sixty
days on paving, curbing, etc.
Sheridan street. Ninth io Tenth— Gray Bros.,
sixty days on stone defalk.
Baker et wet, Tonquln to Lewis— To Warren &
Mai ey, ninety days on macadamizing, etc
Broderick street, Jefferson to Tonquln— same,
ninety days on grading, etc.
-eighteenth . avenue and X street— To same,
ninety days on macadamizing, etc
Folsom street. Sixth to Third— To E. G. Keen,
sixty days on paving, etc.
ORDER ESTABLISHING GRADES.
Tonnessee and Twentieth streets— Lowered four
and established at 62 feet. ■
Tennessee street, at point *00 feet southerly from
southerly line of Twentieth— Established at .2.15
feet. p • -..■..•; _*;•/..
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
De Boom and spring Valley tracts— X. c. de
Bjom, for postponement of action in regard to
grades. -••,-- - .
North avenue. Holly Paris avenue to Cortland !
avenue— Holly Park and Mission Improvement I
Ciub. for macadamizing and sewering. ■
Holly Park avenue— Same for same
Elsie street, Holly Park to Cortland avenues-
Same for same.'
Mission street, Crescent to Sliver avenues—
erty-owners, for paving. : - „» -. ••
Chenery street— Falrmount Improvement Club,
to proceed with grading.
Van Ness avenne. Bay to North Point streets— I
Warrea & Mal.ey, for contract for grading. .
Thirteenth street* Sanchez to Noe— J. 2*. Lltz,
for laying stone sidewalks on south side.
Twenty-first street. Guerrero to Dolores— Prop- I
eriy-ow:i.rs. for stone sidewalks.
Michigan streeu Twentieth to Twenty-first— I
Mrs. B. F. Williams, for Improvement of roadway. I
Twenty-first avenue and California street— E.
Tucker, for private contrsct'for sewer.
California reel, Tweaty-first to Twenty-second
avenues— .-ame for same
Fifth and sixth avenues, Clement to California I
stree.s— Felix McHugh. to remacndamlzc.
Army street, Castro to point 253 feet easterly—
I JR. F. Burns, to grade sewer, etc, by private cou
trao..
Army street. Noe to Diamond— Corrlll Mannfac- *
turlr.g company, for permission to k ra_e in front
of premises.
Act amending street law— submitted by Mer
chants' Association on request.
* Chestnut street, Polk to Larkin— Mortimer Fea
ton. for permission to grade
Filth avenue. Point Lobos* avenue to Clement
street— John Ureeiy, toregrade by private contract.
Leavenworth street. Bay to North Point— J. J.
O'Conn pr, to construct pipe sewer.
Mission street. Cortland to Silver avenue—Mis
sion Five-mile Improvement Club, for bituminous
pavement.
Castro street, Twenty-sixth to Army, Twenty
seventh to Army nnd Twenty -seventn to Dun
can—R. B. Burns, to grade, sewer, etc, by prlvato
coatract. r
Daussat avenue. Buchanan to Webster- J. H.
O'Brien, to pave by private contract
KEW TO-DAT.'
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
1 B.oins 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Rills Boildiag.
*j Telephone Main 5377.
j SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
ROUTAKD 12 .i.w.MpnnXAi,D,Pn«
,C. B. BTONE „ 2 W. E. DEN N ISON. See.
1 T.B. BISHOP 1 8 COL. G. 11. MKNDELL
i*. *. J ? c i.H.V N . ALD ' i Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
; W. E. DEN J a (Retired),
CONSU-TIN- ENOIN-ER.
* PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cms, CaL, i All Kinds of Street
1 .r, -. I? 4 '" "' I Work, Bridges^' and
Kins: City, Monterey Co., 1 Railway Construct lon.
tjtgljj MlilES. 1 S;y_.S. '""'" J
PAR COMPOSITION 7 AND
U «- : Pi GRAVEL RO3FIKB.
i laruUine Paint Co- 118 Battery Street. ■
D ft D BUILDING
!_!_J_L__l PAPER. . .
, -.■■-.■ SOLD BY. ALL DEALERS.
Wp|3(ili&DiN(i.llcß[AN&Co.
":<*mftMjl3sB-1360 MARKET ST.
; lililWl'lillfl WORKS.LINCOLN CAL;«
Devisadero street, Waller to Haight— Same for
same.- >_ •• .-.■»*- -■•..■ .--•■•
Webster street, Hermann to Waller— Same for
same.
Fillmore street. Haves to Fell— Same for same.
Goueh street and Willow avenue— same for con
tract for 30- foot front.
Vnllejo street. Pierce to Scott— H. G. Vaughan,
for staying the laving of sidewalks thirty day*
Ivy avenue, Laguna to Buchanan— F. Reed,
to pave by private contract.
Filbert street, Fillmore to Steiner— Warren _t
Malley, to Dave with bitumen.
Bryant street. Seventeenth to Twentieth— City
street Improvement Company, to pave with
bitumen.
, Twenty-second street, Sanchez to Noe— Property
owners, to construct stone sidewalks on north side
by private contract.
_**l!? 8 Btreet - slxteen-h to Seventeenth— Union
Paving and Contracting Company, to pave.
Eureica street. Twentieth to Twenty-first— Same
to pave. -p*
Larkin street, Filbert to Greenwich— Same to
pave.
Fourteenth, Noe to Castro— City Street Improve
ment Company, to pave. ■
Prosper street, sixteenth to Seventeenth— Same
to pave, v -
IR. Mary's avenue, Cuvier, Milton and Roanoke
streets crossings— Property-owners, to . remove
Southern Pacific Railroad Company's fences.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
: first avenue, Point Loboi avenue to Clement
street— Property-owners, against paving. -
First avenue, Point Lobos avenue to Fulton
street—
First avenue, Clement vto California street-
Same. • .
First avenue and California street— Same.
t,! rst avenue, lav to Washington street— Same.
First avenue, Clay to Ca.ifornla street—
Filbert street, Polk street to Van Ness avenue-
Same. , •
Filbert, Van Ness to Franklin— Same.
Filbert, Pierce to Scott: -Filbert and Scott; Fil
bert, Scott to Devisadero; Pierca and Scott—
Property-owners, against sewers and grading.
Twelfth avenue, to ton— William F". Wallace,
against grading, etc
Vicksburg. Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— W.
A. roll, against laying stone sidewalks.
Twelfth avenue. Clement to California—Prop
erty-owners, against same.
Sixth avenue, Clement to California—
Pre-jlta avenue. Folsom to Alabama street-
John Kelso, against passage of order establishing
width of sidewalks and roadways. '
' Preclta avenue. Alabama to York—Property
owners, against grading, sewering, etc
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army— Same.
Vallejo. Pierce to Scott-Thomas McDonald,
against laying stone sidewalks.
COMMUNICATION BEFERRED TO STREET COMMIT
.•,*«•... TEE.
Leldesdbrff street, California to Halleck— Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company's plan of pro-
Dosed extension of underground system of con
duits. J ._ ■•;.. ... - .
PETITIONS BEPEBRED TO STREET LIGHT COM
MITTEE.
Clarendon Heights Improvement Club's request
for placing eight eiectr.c lights at various points
in thai district.
Crescent avenue, Richland avenue and Ellen
street— Holly park and Mission Improvement
Club, for electric lights at certain points. _■*?.;-.
CITY ENGINEER'S BEPOBT. J. -.- 7>
Lower Terrace, near Serpentine place— Grades
recommended changed and established.
BEI'ORT OF STREET COMMITTED
Franklin street and Linden avenue — Contractor
must remove pile of rock or have same protected.
Eighteenth street and Corbett 'avenue—rtecom
men.:e>l paying half of demand to Mrs. H. J.
Swales for right of way for sewer.
Union and Taylor streets— ln favor of proceed
ing with work to completion immediately.
second avenue, California to Lake street—
Against regrading and in favor of paving under
, former proceedings. -;.'"••
Presidio reservation, eastern borders— ln favor
Of investigation by Superintendent of streets.
Alt iric- street, termination— Grading referred to
City Engineer.
New pavements— ln favor of experimental work
as asked by Merchants' Association.
Hooper and Sixth streets— lv favor of removing
house.
Fourth avenue. Point Lobos to Clement— ln
favor of excluding sidewalks from specifications.
Leaven* h and Jackson, McAllister to Golden
Gate avenue— lv favor of stone sidewalks.
LAWYERS REMANDED.
Judge Wallace Sustains Judge Jo
achimsen in the Chinese Gam
bling Cases-
Attorneys J. P. Smith and Joseph Cof
fey appeared in Judge Wallace's court
yesterday on a writ of habeas corpus. The
lawyers, were employed to defend Yee
Yick, a Chinaman arrested on a charge of
gambling. When called on to answer to
the charge the defendant refused to re
spond, although it was admitted that he
was in court. -*, ; '":-'
Jud.e Joachimsen requested the attor
neys to produce their client, but they re
fused, whereupon Judge Joachimsen or
dered them into custody lor contempt of
court on the ground that they advised
their client not to obey a lawful order of
the court. . 'Jo-. - -■; < ~..
Both lawyers denied having advised
their client to refuse to respond.
Judge Wallace reviewed the circum
stances, and after hearing arguments by
Attorneys £ouderback and Murasky or- i
dered the defendants remanded to the
custody of the Sheriff, but gave a stay of
proceedings until 12 o'clock to-day in or
der that an appeal may be taken to the
Supreme Court. - - *>
NEW TO-DAY.
I THE SAN FRANCISCO |
BLACK GOODS
I HOUSE, 1
H 22 Geary St., Near Kearny. 3
|| Telephone Grant 518. |
100 SUITS
' Black Figured !
TEXETIAS SATINETTE, .
$4.50 «£
100 SUITS
IBlark Figured
TEXETIAI SATIXETTE,
$4.50 Suit.
100 SUITS
; Priestly's \
. ENGLISH MOHAIR BUOCHE, |
! $7.00 Suit. |
i .. -' .... '-■ - . !
■ - Mourning Outfits supplied on the
'3 shortest possible time. • ■
BLorKest assortment of Mourning j.
Fabrics on tbe coast. :..'*.. ?
a'- ■_ . I
I Largest assortment of Mourning
Fabrics on the coast.
R. T. REMEDY COMPAQ, I
Rainy Weather
. . . CAUSES . . .
Aches and Pains
A Sure Preventive,
;^ v A Certain Relief
18 AFFORDED BY
Dr. Martins-P ain Curer.
fp^ CMoieatcr's Engliah Dia-aesd Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P -tt~N_ Or*j_"__l and Only Sen nine A
j- ./ fj**\ •arc. alwari .-'labia, laoies aik _(___>
J^SUOJa Precrtil fir Ctichtatcra _>??*'«* _*»f j ■ M_TS___
t___ m asvei^gg^mcmd grand In Ited act t-cid aactm:.^\\____f
TX -OljWtaKl i.-lad with Ma. ribbon. Take Vy
TV; "J*"** Win ether. Bafura dost/trout tm'ttiiH. V
I / . fr Nana and <«aitaru»u. At Drog_[l«.«, ts *•____,
I ""► ' _j_W ia rtaapa for p_.vici.l_.-.. t«ti_»cat_U and
Vm* JS"K«Uef for Ladlp-a." in lettc*. bt re*«ra
«-V 'AT Mall. _ 0,000 Trpn-Baalala. A'pim Pam-r.
t^^rOmlememt*kS,CkctmissiC'-m,mma*lson Hmnurs.
laid to all Druuliia. .-, .: .. ?41Ud'V.*»2
'-d-J-M-i 11 - Bif: ** '" a non-poiHODocs
dp^_adSS^^ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Jg_mr Ct'l*K_^__| (Heet, Soormatorrhcsa,
____\____W la 1 to' Ja.-t.^B White?, unnatural dis-
____*_¥ Gaar-DtPKd V cibargoa, or an" inflamma-
84-»_| n»t to atrietare. tion, irritation or ulcerr.-
3"*JPr»»anu co_ta_io_. tion of mucous m.-m-
-ysaVHEEvAHS CKEMICI-.CO. brane*. Non-_3tringen'.
«nksi*ici-iN«ii,o 9 So,d by I * rn - ff *-"i
CS. 1 ___\_\__\\ or cent in Plain wrapper.
£i 3 Wm\S. _m* 9 b 3T express, prepaid, for
/ <W <^__K? 7^3^ <s W\ 11-00I 1 - 00 - '•"" 3 bottles, *:>.7\
. ****!i__J | ij-i y^ m Cliculsu: sea* or. *;■ >in_.\
KEW TO-DAT.
IiUMAtiSMT
Munvon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed t-cure acute or muscular, rheuma-
tism in from one :to five days. J Sharp
shooting pains in any part of the body
stopped by a few doses. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff bacK and all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the Back are speedily
cured. It seldom fai s to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used.
Price. 25c. j - ,
MUNYON'S
Improved Homceorathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free. ■
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
— -OF
ART GOODS
AT——-
S. &, G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, MIRRORS,
VASES, ORMMESTS,
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
BRASS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble
Statuary, Pedestals, French
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount of 20 Per Cent
FROM CUR REGULAR PRICES.
"^ J^p^J^^H^Lw >T . OKNIF E* OR PAIN!
%BB^^^^.^^^a •, 60 past book fret with
home testimonials cfm.ny
f-jflJßlßa _____j^_____ Wonderful Cures -wo rst
•_p"n£__*'*nK_-s^__r^^^ places-Women's Breasts
__^P^sq£& IB_H_______r^^_B an<^ Men's Lips,
ff Q \^M|gj^/ V San Francisco. St.*
Send to Someone with Cancer
o<KK>o<><><><>o-C>o-0
AN EXCELLENT
TI 7TTT 1 A T Properly prepared and
|\/| ppT*_/\ I promptly served, can
A » +-*mm\m\ *"■— f always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-fc AT ACF
Most Popular Pfl ACH
Dining Apart- * -Tl.l__<_riLV-iJL__
ment in town. BBBa - HBBHIn _ a
o<><-K-K>o<><K><>o<>o
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
HAS IMITATORS, BUT SO EQUALS.
j^tt|ttl(M^^ By fifty per cent the
t'ij^-ijpii^pili^^^best made. Call or
f^^vft*^S^^ff send for free book,
>i^^^__^_T^3_l "How to Get Health
'''^^^S^ and How to Keep It."
v^^MaVicji Advice .of European
fjM Doctors. Climates that
***S . cure disease. • |r '-.V
THE VIRCHOW CO. (LIMITED),
American Agents, lOOStocktoa St., S.F.
7 A New York commuter on one of the New Jersey suburban roads, a
strong, virile man. the picture of health and manly vigor, a hearty eater
one who enjoys life in all its phases, says of '
Ripans Tabules
'_ V. 1 am not the sort of person to often require medicines and lam spe- *
- daily opposed to pills. * 1 hey are too violent in their action for me. * In the
case of any irregularity I had always relied upon the use of fruits until one V
day, on a railway journey, a friend directed my attention to Ripans Tabules
: . . . j and gave me some from a supply he had in his hand-bag. . I afterwards
made use of them as occasion offered, and the result was so entirely all that
could be desired that I now depend upon Ripans Tabules in the case of J
A any irregularity of the bowels or derangement of the digestive apparatus,"
-L-__ " ■ ■ ' ■•_•■ - " - «-'^ '
* - 'VmtmnatmmmmmßNLmmWttZ^^ ' *
NEW TO-DAtV - ; l>;,7'yV
AT AUCTIOIN
—BY- — ■
f^"^~^_________________ d.W'..* p^jn-wjuiwyqitl
REFEREE'S SALE,
By Order of Probata Court,
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY, FEB. 24, 1897
At 13 O'Ciock, Noon,
AT SALESROOM, 626 MARKET ST.
Following Property Belonging to Eg
tate of Mary B. Pease.
- ■Sos. 16 and 17 SOUTH PARK AYE.. NE. Co.
Center place; lot 47:6x97:6 along Center place t<
an alley: 3 frontages: 2 4-story brick house-
rented to one par.y at $65 per month; tenants pa
water; street work completed.
Nos. 370 and S7_ BKANNAN ST., N. side, ai
Joining Third St.: lot 35x80 to rear street:
2-story frame bouses and stable la rear: rent
*•*•_,: tenants pay water: streets and sidewalk
accepted by city.
No. 37 SOUTH PARK. adjoining SE. cor. <
Third St.: lot 21:9x137:6 to rear street; stree
work accepted by city; rents $27 50; tenant pay
water. - .';
.For abstract and terms of sale apply to
MADISON & BURKE,
636 Market St.. Opp. Palace Hotel.
THE
WEEKLY
GALL
ol It Publishes tl/e Cream of thi
©< News of the Week and
<=X MANY ATTRACTIVE ANI
©< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Alwayi
J Fair and Impartial in Its
i ©) Rendering of the Po-
j 3 litical News.
©/ It's the Paper to Send East I
of You Want to Advertise
of California.
°^ The Best \ Mining
oc Telegraphic \/ News That
c< Service on m/\.- Is Accurati
i m^) The Coast -/ \& up to dati
Not a Line of it Sensational
°J or Faky, and Not a Line of
°J it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 * PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDI
J J Bright, Clean, A Champion of I
'0< I Thoughtful. Truth.
j o< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
OC HOME MAIL, $1.59
-J INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
o{ THE CAUL SPEAKS FOR AU
sin opium
The pare essential extract from the natl-e drug. Cm
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opiui
■- ltbout <U noxious elements. No sickness cf etomact
-omit. ng; no cort'.veiii. fs.no headache. Dru-_n?i>tBOULEVARD WORK
FOR UNEMPLOYED
The Citizens' Relief Commit
tee Has Adopted This
Plan.
[nteod to Raise Much More
. Money to Continue Im
. provements.
Loads of Food Collected Yesterday.
• Men Opposed to Salvation
Army.
The boulevard will be built to cive
tvork to the * unemployed. This was
iecided yesterday forenoon at a meet
ing in the Merchants' Association rooms
">f the relief committee appointed by
Mayor Phelan.
Efforts will be made to raise a large sum
*»f;money, not $.0,000 nor $100,000 espe
cially, but as much as possible in order to
provide further work than that contem
plated upon the boulevard.
A committee, consisting of Con O'Con
nor, Engineer Schnssler and Henry
J. Crocker, was appointed to see about ob
taining right of way deeds from property
owners along the line of the proposed
boulevard. This will be only a matter of
form, as most of the owners are Heartily
in favor of the Improvement.
Tne Spring Valley Water Company has
offered away through its land. Ex-Major
Sutro, who is one of the fathers of the
plan, will give a way through his land.
T.he boulevard will begin at Seventh aye-
Hue t near the Olympic Club grounds, and
thence ' will be buiit southward round
toward San Mateo County.
Contractor Tuttle said that his appur
tenances might be used free o" charge to
t.he unemployed and that he would also
contribute $100 worth of team work toward
the* boulevard.
Mayor Phelan suggested that this work
should be furnished only to the unem
ployed, who nave been in this City three
months. This would prevent an influx of
unemployed from other cities. Tne com
mittee adopted his suggestion, but de
cided not to make a casttron rule that
would work au injustice.
, Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald thought
that the employment 01 1000 men would
relieve the present distress.
••Daniel Meyer of 216 Post street was
chosen, treasurer of the citizens' relief
committee, and he will receive funds in
tended for the boulevard work and other
schemes to be projected for the general
employ of the men now out o. work.
'•* Erpveii hundred men were fed yesterday
&* the headquarters of the unemployed ou
.Howard street, near New Montgomery.
■ • There are 2000 names already on the
rolls of the organized unemployed in this
City. The leading spirits among these
men argue that a fund of $20,000 raised to
build a boulevard would practically fur
nish work for 2000 men only five days.
Then the present condition would be felt
again. Boulevard wot k would amount to
temporary relief unless it could be fol
lowed by other employment.
Yesterday evening after the second meal
of the* day Was served the fund of the un
employed amounted to $8 in cash.. There
were, However, provisions of one kind and
airotfter enough for perhaps two or three
•.lays longer. V--7-
Since the "organization was perfected
about two weeks a-o, it has spent $335 60,
for every cent of which there are vouchers.
This, togettier with the little money on
hand, is ail the cash that the unemployed
have rece ved. The major part of the
motley was a check for $250 from Mayor
Phelan for their immediate relief and a
large part of it was spent on 10-cent meal
tickets 'at the rate of about $60 a day.
The rent of th.- present headquarters was
als.o paid for iv advance for one month;
it was $75.
In the forenoon yesterday nearly 300 of
the unemployed termed a procession and
marched from their headquarters round
through Davis, Drumm, Main and Wash
ington streets drawing a wagon and solic
iting material contributions from the dif
ferent wholesale provision merchants.
They succeeded in filling thei*.* wagon with
packages of rolled oats, flour, potatoes,
beans and small groceries, and got also
$7 in cash.
' ' In addition to all these thing* they were
given a whole wagon-load o: green peas, a
contribution from Campodonico & Co.,
and another wagon-load of bread, cakes
and pies — in fact," the whole contents ot a
bakery — bought up and sent to them by
Walter Morosco, the theatrical manager.
Various assertions have been made
relative to the kind of workingmen com
posing the present unemployed. The of
ficers of the organization have not at
tempted to obtain. any list of the trades
and crafts represented, for* the men tnem
e**lv_s want work of any kind and do not
wish to assert their preferences.
A representative of" The Call' yesterday
inquired the occurjation of just a hundred
men advancing in ; line on the kitchen.
T htf result should J furnish a fair basis for
estimating the percentage of the different
classes of workmen represented in the
whole organization.
■ /'lt -hows that nearly 60 per cent of the
unem played are men of some trade; that
about 30 per cent are common laborers;
and that the remaining 20 per cent have
knowledge of some special kind of labor.
/Here is the percentage for 100 repr<
«: alive men among .the unemployed:
** .aooiers, 6 cooks, 5 gardeners, 5 hostlers,
CVjearasters, 5 miners, 5 carpenters, 3 wait
er-, ',', machinists, 2 blacksmiths, 2 iron
workers, 2 plumbers, 2 shipping clerks, 2
bookkeener--, 2 porters, 2 painters, 1 decor
ator and painter, 1 decorator and polisher,
1 marble poli«her. 1 barber, 1 marine en
gineer, 1 locomotive engineer, 1 fireman,
1 steamfitter, 1 brick mason, 1 paper
badger, 1 cabinetmaker, 1 molder, 1 shoe
maker, 1 miller. 1 hoopmaker, 1 confec
tioner, 1 prcs-man, 1 salesman and
.canvasser, 1 kitchen helper, 1 sailor, 1
aeronaut. '/*7.7. A  .
.• This will' furnish an idea of what the
unemployed are who now wish work of
any kind. Some of them are married and
some have families to support.
•A socialistic feeling prevails among the
•leatjers. To it partly may be attributed
-sentiments that have been expressed.
0 ie makes the men opposed to the mere
proposition of work at a dollar a day. ■
They want $2 a day, on the assumption
-it. at as citizens desirous of maintaining
their lespeclability and earning a living
• they should not be offered a pittance that
* -all depreciate the value of labor here.
The other mages them opposed to the
methods of the Salvation Army in its re
lief movements.
. They object to tbe Salvation Army be
cause it charges 5 cents for a .meal or a
bed instead of freely furnishing either to
a deserving perron. Several of those that
applied at the Salvation Army kitchen
just round the corner on New Montgom
ery street declined to do work equivalent
to the value of a meal. They consider
such a method degrading to deserving
lafcor not in search of charity, but willing
tof accept temporary relief until paying
employment is obtained.
To-day the Salvation Army will open a
woodyard, where a limited amount of
work can be furnished to about 100 men,'
Each man may work an hour and get a
meal ticket or a bed ticket. The idea is
not to ' 'ucnish a solution of the problem
of the unemployed, but simply to relieve
temporary suffering. ■ .-. .
All the' Salvation' Army organizations
are run so that each may support itself
independently of the other. Trie Salvation
ists' parades in this City on Washington's
birthday, contrary to the suppositions of
the unemployed, who yesterday regretted
it as a use of good money on -fireworks
and a street display, cost less than $10,
according to the statement of the officers
who had charge of it. The red fire and
the letters of tire cost only a dollar. The
trucks were loaned. Only the horses had
to be rented. Metropolitan Temple for the
evening cost $30. But the parade was a
means of filling the hall and a subscrip
tion of $100 was taken up. So the cele
bration proved a profitable investment.
A wrong impression has been gained of
the Salvation Army and its objects by the
unemployed. They look upon its neat
uniforms and its charges for meals as an
indication of commercial profit made from
charitable work.
The common soldiers of the Salvation
Army, explained one of the higher officers
yesterday, receive nothing for their ser
vices. They are engaged in various em
ployments, and even help to pay the ex
penses of the army work. The officers de
vote their whole time to the army and are
barely supported by it, the idea being that
as Christians they wish nothine moie. A
lieutenant-colonel is allowed $14 a week
for the living expenses of himself and wife
provided funds are available; if not he
gets less, but never more. A major, if
married, is limited to $14 a week; an ad
jutant or staff captain to $12 a week; an
ensign to $10 50 a week; a captain to $10 a
week. Ail these are the maximum
amounts allowed for the living and main
tenance of man and wife. A single man
gets about a third less. A girl captain is
limited to $6 a week, a single lieutenant to
$6 a week and a woman lieutenant to $5
lor every expense of life. ;v.> -*»
Tbe following compose the committees
as named by the chairman. William M.
Bunker, of the general committee in the
matter of securing work for the unem
ployed, and are notified to attend a meet
ing to be held in the rooms of the Cham
ber of Commerce to-day at 2:30 p. M. :
Finance committee— A. S. Baldwin, Lou's
Sloss Jr., Irving M. Scott, J. C. Johnson, Joseph
D. Grant.
Executive committee— Henry J. Crocker,
Hugh Craig, L. K. Kllert, J. C. Kirkpatrick.
Cornelius O'Connor, A. B. Spreckels, C. W.
McAtee, Isaac Upham, Lippniaa Sacks, F. W.
Van Sick
The executive committee will appoint
members or sub-committees, irrespective
of the names on the general committee.
MRS. AYALA'S SUPPORT.
She Says Her Husband Ought to Pay
Her ST.** a Month.
Mrs. Kittle Ayala has sued J. Ayala for
permanent support and maintenance.
Mrs. Ayala avers that sbe and ber hus
band were married on the sth of July,
1888, and her husband abandoned her in
October, 1894, since which time he has con
tinued to live apart from her without
sufficient reason and without her consent.
ln consequence of this abandonment
Mrs. Ayala has become dependent on tbe
charity of friends. She says her husband
is ln receipt of $200 a month and she de
mands that he be compelled to contribute
$75 a month for her support.
Mechanics' Institute Election.
The annual election of directors of the
Mechanics' Institute took place last night.
The polls were open from 9 to 11 o'clock,
and fourteen different persons were voted
for as follows: R. P. Clement. E. H. Cole,
Ernst A. Denicke, F. T. Doolan, Ferdinand
Formhals, Thomas Houseworth, Rodney
Kendrick, C A. Kern. D. A. Macdonaid,
John McLaren, R. W. Neai. L. E. Phillips,
Charles M. Plum Jr., J. C. Sale, Horace
Wilson. },i
Those elected were: Ernst A. Denicke,
Ferdinand Formhals. Rodney Kendrick.
John McLaren, R. W. Neai, Charles M.
Plum Jr. and Horace Wilson.
SHOT AT MR. O'CONNOR
The Crazy Deed of a Drunken
Man Who Had Imaginary
Grievances.
Eugene Jones, Janitor cf the Horace
Mann School Attacked the
Principal.
The teachers and pupils of the Horace
Mann School on Valencia street, near
Twenty-second, came hear losing their
principal Joseph O'Connor on Thursday
last. [JU'J
The particular thing creating excite
ment in connection with Mr. O'Connor is
that the janitor of the Horace Mann
School, "Eugene T. Jones, did bis utmost
to assassinate the principal last Thursday
afternoon.
Jones, who is one of the newly ap
pointed employes of the Board of Educa
tion, assumed his duties about a month
ago. He was regularly instructed by his
predecessor as to what work he had to do,
and he acquitted himself in the premises
to the satisfiic ion of the teachers until a
couple of weeks ago. He claimed he was
overworked, and he was allowed an as
sistant, wno took charge of one of the
yards and of some of tbe day class rooms*
Complaint- from the teachers came
pourin- la that the night school rooms
especially were being neglected, and Prin
cipal O'Connor informed Jones he most
be more attentive or else a complaint
would be lodged with the Board of Edu
cation.
Jones brooded over tbis, and at 3 o'clock
Thursday afternoon he forced his way
into Mr. O'Connor's private office, where
dome of the teachers were making their
final reports for tha day.
"Come out here and look at those
rooms," he ordered in a manner indicat
ing that drink had control of him.
"I will not do so," answered the princi
pal, "and what is more, I don't want yon
to come in here in that manner, especi
ally when your breath smells so strongly
of whisky."
"You are a liar!" exclaimed the jani
tor. "I'm not drinking, and if you say
so, yon lie." >: -.7
Mr. O'Connor closed the door on the
fellow and went along attending' to the
teachers, who were terribly frightened.
" At 5 o'clock that afternoon, when Mr.
O'Connor was leaving the school building
Jones encountered him in the hallway
and insisted again that the schoolrooms
be inspected. -J--W
The principal was anxious to leave the
place to attend to other business and he
was particularly desirous of having noth
ing to dowitn Jones, who was inflamed
by liquor aud an idea that he was being
abused.
* As Mr. O'Connor opened the door to
step out of the building Jones drew a pis
tol from his pocket and pointing it at
bJm pulled the trigger. The weapon, al
though loaded, was not "cocked." Being
a single-action pistol the repeated pulling
at the trigger by the drunken janitor
failed to explode it.
Professor O'Connor, who is a powerful
man, could easily have reached his would
be assassin and disarmed him but that he
is suffering at this time from a painful
accident he met with while exercising a
couple of weeks ago in Sausalito.
Mrs. Jones," the wife of the drunken
janitor, who had . been evading him for
some hours for fear of his frenzy, rushed
in and grabbed tbe pistol, be -ging him all
the while to stop— that Mr. O'Connor had
not done him barm.
Between the two the frenzied janitor
was disarmed and sent home. *
• Yesterday Detective Cody arrested
. Jones on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon and be was subsequently released
by Judge Conlan on bonds in the sum of
$1000.
The story reached the Board of Educa
tion, and . Eugene ■T. Jones • has ' been
stricken from the list of school house jani
tors.
■•* . * • 7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
GEORGE W. PARSONS, Vice-President for California of the
Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition at Omaha.
BATTLING FOR THE
MARSHALSHIP
Sheriff McKenzie Has the
Prize Almost in
Hand.
He Tells of His Strong Support
From Many Different
Sources.
The District aa Enornnas One,
Reaching From Fresno to the
Oregon L'.ne.
Sheriff George 8. McKenzie of Napa
County, who is tusking a formidable fight
for the United States marshalship of the
northern district of California, to succeed
Barry Baldwin, was among the arrivals
here yesterday. Of course it is considered
tbat Mr. Baldwin will not aspire to suc
ceed himself under a Republican adminis
tration.
. The Sheriff of Napa, who has arrested
so many stage- robbers and other bad men
during his official career, believes tbat he
has an excellent show to get the office.
He apparently has lots of people working
tor him, and with enthusiasm; too. From
what is learned at different sources he
seems to have an open roadstead to the
prize.
Il is an important office and holds sway
over a vast area of country. A good
many deputies are required, but as at
present they are appointed under civil
service rules, no great pull can be made
on a candidate for the marshalship. Still
it is said that with these and other offices
under other departments an effort is to be
made to make them partisan as before, on
the plea that as good men may be ob
tained in the party as out of it.
Sheriff Mckenzie is at tbe Grand. lie
said in regard to the campaign be is mat
ing for the United States marshalship: '
"I have about seven-tenths of the Re
publican county committees of the whole
northern district, and I also have the in
dorsement of the Republican members of
the Senate and Assembly from the dis
trict.
"Besides this I have the indorsement of
the State officers, and of the county offi
cers of different counties in the district.
In addition to these a great many of tbe
Republican State Central Committee and
some of the Republican electors, who only
SHERIFF GEORGE S. McKENZIE of Napa, Who Will Probably
Ec United States Marshal for the Northern District of
California.
iSketclud fron.Ufsaabua "Call" artisLX ;
recently cast the vote of California for
Major McKinley, are my supporter.-."
"What about your support in Congress?"
was asked.
"Well, some in Congress are friendly to
me, too," he said, with a smile.
The Sheriff seemed very well satisfied
with the number and kind of frienos he
bad. He considered them, he said, the
strongest in th*- Republican party. Talk
ing of the extent of the district, he said :
* "What is called the Northern District of
California extends from the northern line
of Fresno County to Oregon, taking the
whole of the upper portion of the State.
It Is a very large territory, of coarse."
It is said that Senator Perkins is one of
Sheriff McKenzie's supporters at Wash-"
ington. Tne Sheriff says he is not going
to the inaugural.
BILLS FOR JURORS' LUNCH.
One Committee of the Supervisors Not
Approving Another Committee
Will Consider Them.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, of which Supervisor Smith
l is chairman, yesterday succeeded in hav
ing the controversy concerning the feed
ing of jurors in criminal cases at the ex
pense of the City and Connty turned over
to the Committee on Finance, of which
Dr. Rottanzi is the chairman.
The bills for certain jurors' dinners have
been before the Supervisors some time.
: The Supervisors resolved not to pay any
l such bills after February 1. Last 'week
the Judiciary Committee failed to approve
bills which were sent down from Judge
• Cook's department, and tbe board yester
day transferred them to the Finance
j Committee. Dr. Rottanzi says he does not
! see how he can "approve of the bills until
j the Judiciary Committee has passed upon
: their legality. IfiflK.
Whether the Finance Committee will
i pass them around to another committee
remains to be seen. In the meantime the
i question is open whether jurors bad not
' better bring along well-stocked hampers
: when they are on duty in long cases.
D. J. ROONEY LAID AWAY.
Yesterday the Body Was Deposited in
the Fair Family Vault at
Holy Cross.
The late D. J. Rooney, who in life was
so well known in and around the mining
camps of the Pacific Slope, yesterday
fouud a restin .--place beside his sister,
, Mrs. Theresa Fair, in the family vault at
Holy Cross Cemetery. The funeral was
unostentatious in the extreme. Rev.
Father O'Connor of St. James Chuich pro
nounced tbe committal service at the vault.
Thomas H. Rooney. a brother of the de
ceased, bis family ard a number of friends
from Angels Camp, a little mining camp
in Calaveras County, where the deceased
had spent many years ol his life, attended
tbe funeral.
Third Street Steps Forward.
Friday night next Third street will forsake
the intermittent glare of gas lamps lor the
better light of electricity. There will be a big
parade of business men, fireworks, si>eeches
and general rejoicing over the emancipation
from darkness.
CALIFORNIA TO
SHOW AT OMAHA
Party Coming From the
East to Awaken Local
Interest.
President Wattles and Manager
Hitchcock Will Visit
Sacramento.
Vice-President G.orge W. Parsons
Furnishes Some Fact. Conc?rn
ing the Exposition.
'•7 _r _....-
George W. Parsons, vice-president for
California of the Trans- Mississippi and
International Exposition at Omaha, to
tago place next year from June to Novem
ber, has received a dispatch from £. C.
Hunt, superintendent of promotion, in
forming him that Manager Hitchcock,
President Wattles and other prominent
Omaha citizens will visit Sacramento.
Their purpose is to confer with legislators
in reference to the appropriation to have
California represented. The dispatch is in
full as follows: *"-.<*,';.
Omaha, Nebr., February 18, 1897.
Hon. George VV. Parsons: Committee of promi
nent OniMi'ia citizen--, headed by President
Wattles and Mannger Hitchcock, accompanied
I by their wives, will arrive at Sacramento next
i week on * special car to present exposition
matter. Arrange for joint cession 01 Legisla
ture if possible and It not have a meeting of a
joint committee of both houses. Have papers
announce coming. Have the Governor co
operate. Legislatures and cities thus far
visited have accorded handsome reception
■nd every courtesy. It gives the project a
decided impetus. Will wire time of a. rival as
soon as possible. . ' E. C. Ht***t,
Superintendent Department of Promotion.
Mr. Parsons said la%t evening that he
considered that it will be of much impor
tance to California to be represented. He
also explained at length the facts concern
ing the Omaha exposition;*'
'•It is the outgrowth," said Mr. Parsons,
"of the trans-Mississippi cons-res*. The
exposition will represent directly all the
States and Territories west of the Missis-
I sippi River. The remainder of the coun
try will be invited to take part, but the
exposition will be distinctively Western.
"The sense of the eighth trans-Missis
sippi congress was that such an exposition
would be of great advantage to the West.
In fact, the vote was unanimously in fa
vor of it. The trans-Mississippi congress
is a very representative oody, embracing
many eminent men.
"The claims of the country west of tbe
Mississippi to have a distinctive exposi
tion are well based. Two-thirds of the
area of the United States lies west of the
Mississippi, and that area contains one
third of the population and one-half of
the wealth of the entire country.
"The Eastern States bad their chance
for exploitation at Philadelphia in 1876.
Tne central part of the United States was
advertised at Chicago. The South had
the Atlanta Exposition and also the
Cotton-growers' Exhibition at New Or
leans. The West has never had a distinct
exhibition. Omaha, which was Selected
as the site, is the gateway to both the
East and the West. Within a radius of
500 miles, taking Omaha as a center, a
circle would touch fifteen States and
Territories, in which reside 20,000,000 per-.
sons. If only 10 per cent of thc-a should
attend, the gathering would be very large.
''California certainly should be well
represented. The United States Govern
ment has recognized the importance of
the exposition. The sum of $200,001) has
been appropriated and a bill is pending
before Congress asking for $300,000 more.
The bill appropriating $50,000 pending at
Sacramento is out of the Assembly and on
its third reading in the Senate."
The articles of incorporation define more
fully the purposes to be the holding of an
exposition of ail the products, industries
and civilization of the States and Terri
tories of the United States of America
west of the Mississippi River, and also
such exhibits as may be provided by the
United States or any State in the United
States, or any foreign country, for the
purpose particularly of exhibiting to tbe
world the products,* industries and capa
bilities generally of the said States and
Territories west of the Mississippi River.
EPISCOPALIANS GATHER.
Their Pre-Lenten Convocation at St.
Mark's in Berkeley. ■ .
BERKELEY, Cal,, Feb. 23.— The pre
lenten meeting of tne San Francisco Con
vocation of Episcopalians was held to-day
at St. Mark's Church.
At 12:30 o'clock rollcall, reading of
minutes, reports of officers and other
routine business was disposed of, after
w.-ich a recess for luncheon provided by
the ladies of St. Mark's was taken.
In the afternoon reports concerning
missionary work were made by the fol
lowing clergymen: Rev. H. H. Clap ham.
St. James', San Francisco; Rev. J. R. de
W. Cowie,. Belmont; Rev. D. 0. Keiley,
City Missions, San Francisco; Rev. Ham
ilton Lee, Martinez; ■ Rev. Kumazo Mi
kami. Japanese Mission, San Francisco;
Rev. F. J. Mynard, Port Costa; Rev. T. J.
Randolph, Lorin; Rev. W. C. Shaw, Rev.
George E. Swan, Rev. George Wallace,
San Francisco; Rev. J. O. Emery.
The committee which was appointed at
the last convocation to confer with similar
committees from the other two convoca
tions of the diocese presented its report
in a series of three canons, which were
substituted for the present canons relat
ing to missionary agencies.. A discussion
of the report followed, which was intended
to prepare the way for intelligent action
at the session of the convention which
will meet on May 18, 1897.
. "The Extension of tho Church in the
Diocese of California" was the general
topic for the discussion of the evening,
the discussion being held simultaneously
in four different churches. Three aspects
of the subject— results of the past, work of
the present and opportunities of the fu
ture—were handled by tbe following
speakers:
St. Mark'?, Berkeley— Past," Rev. Dr.-
Brewer; 'The Present," Rev. Dr. Spalding;
•The Future," the Bishop.'
West Berkeley— "The Past," Rev. M. D. Wil
son; "The Present," Rev. E. Hartman; "The
Future," Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Lorin— '-The Past," Rev. George E. Walk:
"The" Present," Rev. J. Hulme; "The Future,
Rev. J. R. de Wolfe Cowie.
Trinity Church, Oakland— Past," Rev.
E. J. Lion; "The Present," Rev. D. O. Kelley;
"The Future," Rev. J. A. Emery.
Following is tne list of clergymen and
lay delegates present:
The Bight Rev. William F. Nichols, D.D.,
Rev. William H. Moreland, Rev. M. D. Witon.
Rev. G. H. Hooke, Rev. G. E. Swan, Rev. John
Bake well. Rev. George Wallace, Rev. J. Collier,
Rev. H. H. Clupham, Rev. R. C. Foute, Rev.
E. Hartman, Rev. H. Lee, Rev. J. Hulme, Rev.
D. O. Kelley, Rev. J. Lincoln, Rev. T. G. Cramp,
Riv. David McClure, Rev. Robert Ritchie, Rev.
W. C. Suaw, Rev. D. E. B. Spauldiug, Rev. jH.
Young, Rev. T. J. Randolph, Rev. Knciazo
Mikamf. Rev. Dr.' Brewer, Rev. E. J. Lion, Rev.
J. R. deW Cowie, Rev. E. J. Johnson, Rev. J.
Nicholas Rev. G. E. Walk, Rev. W. I. Kip, Rev.
F. J. Mynard, Rev. E. M. W. Hill. Rev. J. Ho
witt, Rev. J. A. Emery, Rev. George Wallace, t
Lay delegates— G. H. Hook ot Grace Church,
D. A. Cameron of the Church of the Advent,
G. E. McClelland and R. C. Daniels of St.
Luke's Church, E. D. Dullard of St. John's
Church. M. Dudley of Lorin Mission Church,
Edward Tompkins of St. John's Church, Oak
land; Miss H. Wade, Miss M. T. "alter, Mrs.
James Palachc, Miss L. Hill and Mrs. E. Fond
of St. Mark's Church, Berkeley. »
< ' TO CUBE A COLj IN ONK DAY.
Take laxative Quinine Tablets. All drug
c law refund the money if it tails to cure. ; -5c
■_:^ jv , j _, .■_-. ■ " NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS. ../ • ;,,.
C_V_E=l_A.]Nri_» ■\7vi_Nri3-TJ_E : »
- — OP OTTR,
GREAT SACRIFICE SALE!
PRICES WERE NEVER CUT SO DEEPLY as they are this week
throughout the balance of our surplus stock of Fall and Winter Goods, for
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE LAST WEEK OF OUR GREAT SACRIFICE
SALE, and before it closes EVERYTHING MUsT BE DISPOSED OF to
make room for immense importations of Sprinz Goods daily arriving, con-
sequently the following and all other broken lines and oddments of every
description have been subjected to
REDUCTION THAT WILL CLEAR THEM OUT WITH A RUSH!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
109 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, in boucles, stripes and DXn
figured effects, former price 50c a yard; Clearance Sale price uDKj
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
1 case 44-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIR, in various design?, extra PA
good value for 75c a yard ; Clearance Sale price DxJL*
case 58-INCH ALL PURE WOOL IMPORTED CHEVIOTS, worth $1 50 a 7~~
yard; Clearance Sale price I 00
silk DEPARTMENT!
50 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN AND GROS GRAIN SILK, medium Cf; 0
designs, regular value 75c a yard; Clearance Sale price DDL*
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, extra heavy quality, regular &-\ 00
value tl 50 a yard; Clearance Sale price  %>*-» —
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKET^ half silt lined, high neck, lap pock- ©7 X A
ets. regular price $12 50; Clearance Sale price «p I .01/
LADIES* BLACK PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely - '■}&,
headed, storm collar edged with black Thibet fur, regular price $10; ©X 7~
Clearance Sale price.. tj)o. I D
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
No. 16 ALL-SILK GROS GRAIN RIBBONS, in dark colors, value 20c, will ~ ~
be closed out at 00
FANCY RIBBONS AND ALL-SILK CASHMERE RIBBONS, in assorted i(\ n
colors, value 25c, will be closed out at lUu
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
1000 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED HAND-EMBROIDERED £„
HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $1 20 per dozen; 00
on special sale at - Each
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
280 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS, in a variety of very handsome de-
signs of printed surahs, also Scotch plaids, solid colors, etc., extra value 1 A/»
for 25c each. Clearance sale price xUL»
172 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' NEGLIGEE OVERSHIRTS, in fancy printed
cheviots, Madras and tennis flannel shirtings, made with deep yoke and 9~f»
banded collars, regular price 75c each. Clearance sale price DDL*
92 dozen MEN'S GOLF SHIRTS, mad- up in the newest designs of spring tA^
shirtings, our own special manufacture. Clearance sale price OUC
BLANKETS! BLANKETS!
We bought about 1500 pairs FINE WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, the entire
stock of tbe Stockton Woolen Mills. We cleared out another large lot from the
Oregon City Woolen Mills. The season was over, and we got them at about half
value. We make prices to sell them, as we realize the cold weather is nearly passed.
These are all fine* goods, remember, and at prices of common makes.
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, fully 6 feet wide (the ©*> A~
extra size), cost to make to 15, but we will se.l lhem at per pair tpO-e/O
HEAVY 10-4 SOLID WEAVE WHITE BLANKETS, cost the mill $4 9.5, QA KA
but our selling price is per pair ty'i-01/
A BETTER GRADE, EXTRA SIZE, FINE BLANKET, the $6 50 article, QA 7^
but our price is per pair %>j-> * D
A SUPERFINE WHITE BLANKET, made for very large beds, being 80 Q£» KA
inch _a^ide, coat $9 75 to tho mill, but we will sell them at per pair ip\)sO\l
C'/\ fi* SEE CHRONICLK lOK OTHER GRKAI SPKCIA'LS.
Iff g MURPHY BUILDING, /
1/1/ Blartet Street, Corner- of Jones, /
77.4 San Francisco. *
THE JURY STOOD
SEVEN TO ONE
First of the Chinese Gam
bling Cases Slips a
Cog.
The Defense Rests Upon the
Articles of Incorporation of
the Club
Objection Raised by . the Defense to
Every Question Pot to the
Witnesses.
The first of the cases arising, out of the
big raid made by the police on the so
called Chinese clubs on Saturday night,
February 13, came up tor trial before a
jury in Judge Joachimsen's court yester
day afternoon.
The venire of forty was exhausted and
only, eight jurors bad been selected.
Rather than suffer the delay of issuing
another venire, , it was agreed on both
sides to try the case with the eight jurors.
Yee Chee was the defendant. -He was
arrested by Sergeant Harper and posse at
823 Washington street, and was charged
with visiting a tan game. He was repre
sented by Attorneys Joseph V. Coffey and
J. F. Smith. Ex-Judge Louderback con
ducted the prosecution.
S-rgeant Harper was tbe first witness
called. *He testified ' to raiding the place
and finding the defendant there. He
seized sticks, coins, bags and other articles
used in a tan, game, which were produced
and shown to the jurors. 7
Attorney Coffey objected "■ to every ques
tion put to tbe witness in something like
the following: •".',"
.*: "l object to the question as immaterial
and misleading; calls tor the opinion of
the witness and is not tbe best evidence.
. "Objection overruled.
"Exception.. •
"Exception noted."
~ Then after the question was answered
Attorney Coffey would say:
"I move to strike out the answer of the
witness. * V'VV v *
"Motion denied.
j "Exception. ',
J : *? 'Exception noted."
.Three policemen corroborated Sergeant
Harper und the prosecution rested.
The defense simply placed in evidence
the articles of Incorporation of the club.
Ex-Judge Louderback made an admira
ble address to the jury, contending that
the evidence. clearly showed tbat a tan
me was being played at the time the
laid was made, which, according to the
law, was an illegal game. The fact that
the club was incorporated did not permit
its members to violate the law. .
Neither of the attorneys for the defense
addressed the jury and af.er the Judge
had instructed them they retired to con
sider their verdict at half-past 5 o'clock.
Three-quarters of .an hour la:er they came
into court and the foreman announced
that they could not possibly agree. They
were accordingly discharged.
It was ascertained that seven were for
conviction and one for acquittal.
The case was continued until to-day,
when a date will be . fixed ' for the second
trial.
Fly-Caster-' Club.
. Professor Gilbert did not address the Fly
casting Club last evening, as he was indis
posed. Ke will, however, come before the
cluo on Tuesday, March, 9. Officers of the
club were elected as follows: President, W. D.
Man-field (re-elected): vice-president, John P.
Babcock; treasurer, W. F. Bogart; secretary,
Horace Smyth. Th<» executive committee
is composed of W. E. Bacheller, H. F. Muller,
Colonel G. C. Edwards, J. S. Turner and F. H.
Reed.
TV ' KEW TO-DAY.
fQ Now Is
§Now Jime.
Yourjime,
'-^fgl** SPECIAL SALE
Our CumoLeri. FORONE WEEK.
Trusses -- ;- - - 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Flu
Elastic Stockings - •'-. $1.50
Electric Belts - $1.50 to $20.00
y The 920 Belt Guaranteed Equal to the Belt
;* ; tbat is sold by others lor 950. 7 *
Obesity Belts - :- - $2.00
Crutches - - - - $1.75
FREE COiIILTiTION.
. 7 Our physician will give free con-
sultation and diagnosis daily.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
883 IW__£-tr l3_et Street* •
South- _ ide, bet. Fifth and sixth.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS..
Silver unchanged.
Shipment of 9220,746 to China.
Wheel ana freights dull. .
Barley, Oats and Corn inactive.
Bye lower.
Hay and Feeds nfls unchanged.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes and onions about the same.
Vegetables show considerable change.
Butter and Cheese weak.
Kg. lower again.
Three cars Eastern Poultry,!-.
Game nominal.
Apples and Oranges going off well.
Lemons and Limes quiet.
Dried Fruit stagnant.
Provisions dulL
Hides and Lea ber unchanged.
Wool quieter. Hops neglected.
Hogs firm.
Oils unchanged.
Coffee quiet
Ban Quentin Lags advanced.
TKFASI'KK SHIPMKXT.
The Doric took out a treasure list or 5220,746,
consisting ot *187. in Mexican Dollars, $976
ln Gold Coin and 32, 00 in Silver Bullion.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figures
pft station indicate maximum temperature for the
. days: those underneath it, If any, tbe amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the post twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "blah" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
a,nd accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on tbe Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone ths- coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lmprob
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
Hi-* pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
westher may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
Will iwoduce anVj.po.ite result.
"WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Status Department of Aobicul
tube. Weather Bureau, .--an Francisco. Feb.
14. 1897, sr. m Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
ill- following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compare- with those of the same dale last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
"•t'lreka tins season , last season 24.89, past
24 hours .00; Red Bluff 20.66, last season 13.83,
past 24 hours .CO: San Francisco 17.77. last sea
son 12.43, past 21 hours .00; Fresno 8.33. last sea
son 4.09. pat 24 hours-.00; san Luis Obispo 17.13,
lastsexson 12.25. past 24 hours .00: Los Angeles
14.33, last seas 5.91, past 24 hours .00: Man
Diego 9.32, last season 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.72. last season .46. past 24 hours .00. .
San Francisco data-Maximum temperature 57,
.minimum 42. mean 50.
Fair weather condl ions continue throughout
the legion west of the Rocky Mountains from
Central Oregon southward. The pressure con
tinues holies in Nevada, but It has fallen slightly
In that si ction during the 1 ast twelve hours.
Forecast made at San Frabclsco for 30 hours,
ending at midnight, February 24, 1897.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday: lleht
northerly winds, becoming variable in north por
tion.
• Southern California—Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevsds, Utah and Ari-zona—Generally fair
Wednesday. -, :
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday:
light, generally norther. v, winds. I
W. H. liammon, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK., N. V.. Feb. 23.-The market for
securities showed'an Improving tendency to-day,
so far as the course of prices was concerned, but
the paucity of business depr.ved the advance of a
g> od deal of its significance. At the opening
prices Improved, but the rise was on checked by
a drop in Leather preferred from 67Vi to 66*^ on
unfounded rumors that the dividend would be re
duced. Ihe general list ran off Vs to a/ A from the
closing flcurss on t'aturda . but the selling was
mainly lor short account. The rise* in British con
suls imbued the nulls with in re courare, and buy
lug was placed In various stocks. Although they
were generally for small amounts the market
promptly responded.
1 he advance In leather was due to the rumor
that the directors had declare' a dividend. Tobac
co mov d up from 73V4 to 741,4, sugar from 113 to
114"/ i and Manhattan from H^i_ to 88*/s- The
rest of ii- list advauc.d */4 to l"/ 8 per cent. The
bituminous coal and lrou stocks were strength
ened by the large orders placed tor steel rails for
home consumption and export. A majority of
leading Issues. closed within i/« to 1/2 of the highest
figures recorded, but leather (.referred increased
1 1/4 and .l-rscy Central nearly 1 per cent. Total
sales 97.687 shares. Net changes show advances
"•/_ 10 1% per cent, tobacco leading. In the
specialties New York and New Haven advanced
IV2 and Illinois Steel l»/4-
Bonds—Higher; sales footed up f1,301,000.
Hocking Valley general 6s rose 3%; Long island
Ferry 4', 2 1: Long Islam 4s 1; New York, New
Haveu a .a Hartford Consolidated 4s 1"4>; Oregon
bhori Line6s 1 */s. and Si. Paul and Northern Pa
cific first general 6s 1
In Goverum'-nt bonds coupon 4s of 1926 sold at
]2-._., do registered at 122*>/ 8. regis. ered is of
11*07 at 112, registered 5s at 113**4 and connon 5s
'at 11 :i . .
Grain. v
FLOUT—Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low
trades, $2 3004 30: fair to fancy, $3 45®
4 60; do patents, f4 60*_&: Minnesota clear
*3 50(53 95: do straights, $4 25 (ml t>*>: do patents'
*}i 10(_i4 86; low extras. »2 30@3 30; City Mills
f4toil4 90: do patents, $1 i-ora,ss>s: Rye mixture,
»2 90®. 50: superfine, $2®2 80; fine, »1 60®^ 24.'
(southern Hour, dull, steady: common to extra
f 3 20(_i3 50: good to choice, $3 60(<_4. "
Rye flour, dull, easy, at $2 5062 85.
CORNMEAL-Quiet. steady. Yellow 91 75©
BYE—Doll, firm.' Western, 88@38V4 & L L
Buffalo. , -
BARLEY"-Quiet: feeding, 2B*A@27c c _- t
Buffalo.
WHEAT—Spot market dull, easier with od
tlons: f. o. h., 8914 c; ungraded, 74g90c; Na 1
Northern. 85*^ic.
Options ope ed weak and declined %@lc, clos
ing firm at M@l6/ 8- under Saturday, with trad
ing !alr;y active. ->i«.y and July most active, Na
2 red, Febnary, 82"v.c: March- 828/ic; April.
Bis/c: May. 81c; June, 80% c: Jul,, 7«7.
b-pt'mber, 70*/ 8c /B '
CORN—Spots.dull, easier. No, 2, 291,4 c elevator.
80"^cailoa-
Options were dull and steady at Vs@s/«c de
cline. July and May only traded in. February
29V40: Way, .-.Oc: July, SH/sC
OATB-spot quiet, steady. Options dull, steady.
February, 21 %c: May, 21.*j_c: July, 22»/,a Spot
prices: No 2, 2l"*4c: No. - white. --BV_c; No. 2
Chicago, 223/iC: No. 3. 2OV4C: Ho. 3 white. 23"Ac;
mixed Western, 20|_$23c; white do, 23@30&
Provisions.
LARD-Quiet, easy. Western steam, 94 17*_*;
May, 94 30, nominal; refined, dull; Continent,
/-:"-".'v". FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldest-orfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
*StJ_gt*V - t'ENTKA _, OFFICE - * llTH'minfTi
928 Market St., Palace Hotel, Pur ly 4 Atkinson,
Mana.ers. Tel. Main 5144.
' Uptown Offlce— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager-.
Orders instantly executed on I latest market quo
latlons. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
CHICAGO. **_UV AT Willi. SH\V .OttJt
I 14 45: South American, $4 65; compound. 4@
4%_
iOßK— Easy. New mess. $8 25tfl>8 75.
BUI TICK -Lower, fair demand. Western
creamery. 17<ai9c; factor*-, ?&13c: Elgin*, 19c:
imitation creamery, 13(_,lCc; rolis, 8013 c.
CHEKSR — Fair home demand. Part skims,
6@9%c; full skims. "■©.<*". .c.
icbofl — Paster, moderate demand. 'Icehouse,
case $2 2502 60: limed, 13@13%c.
TALLOW— Steady. City, 3%c; country. 3%@
3%c.
COTTONSEED Oil— Quiet, firm. Crude. 20®
20% c: yellow prime, 2 .1*4 (ft '4c.
BlCE— Firm good demand. Domestic, 3%®
6c: Japan, 4i/g@4~ 2 <"
MOLAS-*EN-sieady, moderate demand. New
Cri<aiiH. 18@:«*c.
COFFEE— Quiet, unchanged to 5 points down.
February, 19 10; March. 19 15; May, *9 20;
July. -0 2609 30: August, $9 40: -ep ember.
$9 30(39 35. -pot Bio, dull, easy: No. 7 68/gc.
SCGAK — Qui-t, firm iff A, 4©4% C"M _>;
mold A, 4 Bjc, stand rd A, 4%c; conlect oners* A,
4',_c: cut loaf, 6c: crush' d. oc: powdered, 46/fec;
granulated, 4%c; cubes, 46/ c
1 rult and Produce.
ATBICOTS-Bags, 9® lie
I I /CHEb—Peelel, boxes l-",_@lsc; unpeeled,
bags 7<S9r. 7 -; ' / A * . •
PBI.'NEK-Four sizes, 4*4®sc.
KAIPINa— Two crown L. _L, 4%c: three
crown, 5%c; four crown. 6(38 y.c: Loiiuon layers,
$1 3501 -0: clusters. $1 40®1 60.
A MO_*D_ — fcoft shell. B®9c: paper shell,
10 (a. 12c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; do soft shell, 9c. -'• ■)
Hops— Choice firm. Pacific Coast. 6©l3c.
WOOL — Firm. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 15@23c; polled. 18®21c: Texas, 7®l.c.
Merchandise.
rioißON— Moderate demand, American, $11
@12 60. ■'.:--.
COl'PEß— Firm. Lake. $12.
LEAD- Quiet: firm. Domestic. »3 27"£(_i"t 30.
1 1N— Quiet, Straits, 813 45013 65; plates,
moderate .em and.
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic. *4©4 10.
CHICAGO .MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ir.__. Feb 23— The figure on stocks
of grain (with the exception of visible supply re
turns), which are usually made on Monday, came
to hand early this morning. The visible supply 1
was finally got about the middle of the session,
and 'while the different points Included In the
showing wer. reporting, wheat prices were af
fected by the increases and decreases. Ihe open
ing of the wheat market was easy and low on
slight decline, which was due apparently to an ad
vance of one point in English loiuols and to a de
cline in wheat prices at Liverpool. The advance
of consols was taken to Indicate a more peaceful
feeling In Europe.
The world's shipments of wheat last week were
▼cry small at 3,265.000 bushels. The amount on
ocean passage deceased 1,280,000 bushels and
the English visible supply Increased 1.386.000 '
bushels. Liverpool stocks increased 185.000 bush
els Receipts at Chicago were 40 cars, aud he
Northwest had 60s for two days. Local P.spec
tlons from store amounted to 192,472 bushels.
Prices an the lira: half hour developed strength- 1
ened slightly and advanced 10 Saturday's cl se. !
but after the vi-ib - s ipp'y decrease of 1,443.000 ',
bushels were received o.itrs of long wheat became
heavy and prices dropped over a cent from the
outside. Closing Continental cables were lower.
Export clearances wer. light at 2 1 7,31 0 bushels.
May wheat open.d from 76 to 753,4 c. sold bet ween
76% and 77c, closing at 75"! »a l%'<»l l /4C under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-murrow 20
cars. No. 2 spot red ranged from 85 to 86">ic,
closing about 86% c.
CO — Trading In corn to-day was attended
with more interest than has accompanied It for
some ilme The extremely heavy exports of last
week, together with a comparatively small In
terior movement, entered Into const leration In de
termining the tone of the market and the value of
the grain. Combined with these factors there was
for a time a very firm wheat market which aiJed
corn. Receipts were 236 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. Tbe visible supply in
creased 2.019,000 bushels and the amount on
ocean passage show, d a gain of 1 ,'BOO.OOO bush-Is.
Liverpool cables gave a decline of *44_**~4&. The
lar.e increase In the visible stocks a .d a ureal. In
wheat brought about a recession In corn. Expert
clearances were liberal at 605,783 bushels. .May
corn opened at 24V* sold between 24% and 24 Vs.
closing at 24%. i/s higher than Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow. 290 cars.
OAT'S— tendency In oats was to emulate the
action of corn. • For the first hour business was
transacte mostly at one price, but when the
other grains advanced, oats followed. Trades
were scattered and by commission bouses. Re
ceipts were 375 cars. There were no inspections
from 'tore.
The visible supply increased 71.000 bushels,
late action showed an easy feeling. May oats
closed a shade under 8a urday. Estimated re
ce pts for to-morrow. 3,0 cars.
FLAX— steady. Cash No. 1,731-2®. 4c; North
western. 76*/ 2 c; May, 76Vac: July, ,8c Receipts
were 55 cars.
PROVlSlONS— lnformation from tbe hog mar
ket this morning gave traders in product nothing
new on w hi- b to base a buying or selling argu
ment. The run of nogs was 'moderate and prices
were unchanged. Grain extended assistance to
pr.vl-lun-, slight Improvement being noted.
Packers were fair buyers of pork. The cash de
mand for product was good, that serving to sus- 1
tain the futures. May pork closed a shade higher.
May lard 2",»®5c lower and May ribs un- j
chanred.
BUTTER— The market was weak to-day. Offer
ings were liberal and the demand was slow.
Creameries— Extras. 18L:-c; firsts. 17@l8c*. sec
onds. 14016 c: Imitations, fancy, ;3®l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. I«ai_c7 seconds. 9®loc
Ladles— Extras. 11®1'JC: Cists. 2 ®9V.c: packing
nock. 8c; grease. 2%®_Sc; roil butler, lu©lo%c.
EGG —In good demand and ■ limited supply.
The feeling was firm. Fresh stock, 16c $. doz. |
MONEY — Was 4%@5j;0- call and 6% on lime ,
loans New York exchange sold at 60c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 74c; May, 75% c: July !
72VsC -";-.--.--"
I CORN — February, 28c: May, 24*_*,c: July.
25« rt ®2s»4c. . '*,
OA'_'_— i-ebruary. 15*"'gc; May. 17% c; July,
PORK— May. $7 95: July. $8 07%.
LARD- May. «4: July. $4 07%.
RIBS-May, $4 07%: July, $4 16.
Livestock.
UNION* STOCKYARDS, 111. Feb. 23 -About j
17,000 head <f cattle arrived here to-day and j
yesterday, against 18 000 for the lire: two days
last week and 14,636 for the corresponding period
in 1896. There was an average Tuesday supply
to-d.y. the receipts being estimated at 5300 head,
which was quite enough 10 meet the limited re
quirements of the trade. Business dragged and
prices were not any better than j-esterosy
There was the usual absence of fat rat tit*.
About • 71,760 1 hogs have been marketed
here so far this week, against 64,873
for the first two days of last week, 64,296
a v ear ago and 70.833 two years ago. To-day.
with an estimated lun of 29,000 pucker, bought
with their usual freedom and the supply was
iroslly cleaned up at an early hour, bum* sales
were made early at slightly lower juices, but the
market became stronger later and the average
sales v.ere at yesterday's figures. -Buyers had a
jood opportunity to stock up yesterday. as the re- |
ceipts of sheep and lambs ran up 10 19,686 head.
'I lie arrivals to-day were only about 7000, bat the
suppir was swelled by a considerable » umber car
ried over from yesterday. There as a good de
mand and prices were strong.
CATTLE— Receipts. 6600. Fancy beeves, $5 2"
©6 35; choice to prime steers, 84 10(84 35; good
to choice steers. $4 40©4 80; medium steers.
$4 10%* 35; fair beef steers $3 800105; com
mon beef steers. $3 &o®3 75: good to prime mock
ers and feeders. $3 **o@i 15; common to good
do. $3 0094 85: bulls, cnoice to extra. 83 60
®3 75: do poor 10 choice. $ i .S6'is3 60; cows and
heifers, choice to prime $3 6004 15; cows, fair
to choice, *"2 As®3 65; do common to fair csnners,
81 80(<_®2 60: calves, good to fancy. 8 5 75®S 26:
do common to good, $4 25@5 50: Texas ted steers,
fair to choice, 83 50@4 30: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, 82 2603 50; milkers and springers, per
head, $25050. * * F
HOGS-Becelpts, 29.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots,- 83 30®3 60: . common to choice
mixed. $3 49*23 7u: choice assorted, $3 40®
3 65: light, 83 46@3 02%: Pigs. $3 25®3 62V_.
SHEEP — Receipts. .000. Inferior to choice.
«2 00(5,4 10; lambs, $3 6003 70.
Receipts at Omaha.
""OUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Feb. 23 HOGS-Re
ceipts, 6100. Market a shade loner. Light and
mixed, $3 35®. 46: heavy, S3 '003 60.
CATTLE — Receipts. 3000. Market st. •»,!■.- to 10c
lower. Steers, $3 60®4 50; cows, $1 5003 60:
feeders. 83 25@4 26. «* «*.
SHEEP— Receipts. 8500. Market steady.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo» Feb 23. - CATTLE—
Receipts, 6380. Market steady and strong.
Native dressed beeves, $4@4 su: cows ana heifers'
82 40@3 20: s.okers and feeders, *3 40®4; Texas
and Western, 82 76®. i 30; calves, 4m»10.
HlKts- Receipt*. 0600; market 6c "higher. Light.
$3 3&@3 45; heavy, (18 40©3 47%: pigs, $3 60
®4 20.
KEF— Receipts. 4000. Market steady.
NEW YORK stocks.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. 7 ".V '_-
Money on call easy at Vj.®2*'; last loan 1%%
and closing offered at I"*%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3%. Lar sliver, 64% c. Mexican dollars, 608/i®
51 Va'- Sterling exchange steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' Dills at $4 86% for CO dars and
84 87 for demand. Posted rates, $4 85%04 88.
Commercial bids, $4 84%© 4 86. Government
bonds easy: State bonds negie.-ted; railroad bonds
firm. Sliver at the boaid was dull. ■ ;_ •
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.*.. 85 1 North American. 4**„
Atchison....- 14% Northern Pacific.. 34*/ I
Preferred.... as ! Pr ferred So
Adams Express. .-.148 (Northwestern.... 104
Alton, Terre Haute 66 I Preferred 16.
American Ex ureas li i N V Central. 9254
American 1 obacco 74% NY. ChlcagoAs'L 11
Preferred ....101 I Ist preferred 70
Bay state Gss «11%| 2d preferred. 23
Baltimore <_ Ohio.. 15% N Y& N H.. 174
Brunswick Lands. |S_N Y<_ New Engl.. 37
Buffalo, Roch _• V. IBS, 4 V, Susq _t W..„ 8«"_
Canada Pacific 64",, Preferred ........ 24 4*
Canada Southern.. 4434 Ontario. 10V.
Canton Land 60ig,OntarIo<b Wester- 143/.
Central Pacific II Oregonlmprovmnt
ches _• 0hi0..*....". 17*/_ Freie-red — .
Chicago Alton 164' Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Lino. I.IA
Chicago, B Ay.... 74% Pacific Ma 11.... 24t/s
Chicago* E 111... . 42 Peoria. DA Evans 2
Preferred 93 Pittsburg AWcf a. 16
Chicago Gas.. 77*,_ Pnilman Palace.... 16 5»^
Cleveds Pittsburg. 1.6 Quicksilver., 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
Consolidation CoaL «3 1 Preferred..... 12 ,
Consolidated Gas.. Reading...'...' -43/
CCC- st Loots... 2*'*-' ! KloGrande-tWesta 12
prefsrred ....;..' 76% • Preferred..^...... 38V S
Colo Foe! A Irca.. 21 1 Pock Island... 66*y_
Preferred 90 RomeWat_:Ogden.ll7
Cotton O. I Cert.... 11% St Life W. 3*54
Commercial Cable. 160 | Preferred......... 10&/ a
Del Hudson.. 107Vs «' Pan 1...... 76*/s
Del Lack-tWestm. 154 I Preferred ....213%
Denver 10»,» St Paul ._ Duluth.. 18
Preferred 40% Preferred 85
Distillers. St Paul A Omaha.. 49%
General Electric... 34 | Preferred 1.10 '
Erie 14 St MA M 114
Preferred....* 838/4 silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 164 Southern Pacific. 1434
Great Northern pfd 120 Southern R k ...... 9
i ree n Bay ....— ' Preferred... 28%
Harlem......' 293 Sugar Refinery.. ,.ll4B/ H
Hocking foal. »*"', Preferred 102%
Hocking Valley... 6 Ten Coal A Iron.. 2
Homestake 35 Preferred GO
II A Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 9
Illinois Central.... &2 10l A A _ N Mich.
lowa CentraL 6% '10l Ohio A Central 15
Preferred 24*^1 Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... 12 3 ,* at Loots AX (i 6j%
Preferred 29* 1 /ii Preferred 18V.
Kingston A Perm.. 8 ICnion Pacific 6%
Lake Erie A Westn 16% ! C P Hen AGalf.... **„
Preferred 68 'L s Cordage. —
lAke Snore ..15i""4| - Preferred —
National lead 2 - %_] Guaranteed —
Preferred 91%|U 8 Express 35
Long ls an ! 46 lUSLeather. 7%
Louisville A Nash. 49% Preferred ....... 66%
Louisville. N Atony ', Il* Rubber 20}.
Preferred........ IV4 ; Preferred 72
Manhattan C0n.... 88"* Ciica A B River.. .l6o
Memphis A CharU 16 jWab 8L A Pacifi-, 6%
Mexican Central... 8 3 .»| Preferred .*.».... 16'(' 8
Michigan CentraL. 89% Wells-Fargo. 99
Minn AS L Western Union.... b.',Sf_
Preferred — W onsin Central. 2
Minn ASt L com.. 18*^4 Wheeling A LIS... 1%
Ist preferred 77 1 Preferred 5
'.dnrefcrred 48 Am Cotton Oil pfd. *3
Missouri Pacific... 20% W C Beef 6%
Mobile A Ohio a Ann Arbor 9
Nashville A Chart. 67". Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 18 Brooklyn Traction. 21
KJ Central 96 Vs! Erie 2d pfd. 18**
Norfolk A Westrn. 11% I American Spirits- 13%
Preferred 16%1 Preferred 32%
CLOSIs.--" ion
Ala Class a 4s. 106»/ 4 Northern Paelsts.lls
Do Class B 4. 55.1068: i Ho 2d«. 66V_
Alabama class C. 97 j Lo 3d*. 88
Atchison 4s 81-Vi 1 Hoconsol'ds
IJ o2dsA 47 Or lmprovmnt Ist, 88
Canada South _ds. 107 I Ho 6s 18
Cen Pac lstsof'9s OBAN* lsts. :;..*.. 113%
Cherokee 4s, 1896. - — Do consol 5s .—
L»1897 103% Or Short Line 65... 117%
101898 104 DoconsolSs .... 75Li
l*o 1899 104 .Pacific 6sof '97
Cbes AOhlo 65....110 iPhila A Reading 4s 61
CbAN Rets 42 Do Ist pfd locum. 43
Dc;_-65_. 1091/4 P. UrandeWestls'-S 73
Den ABO Ist 111*4 st LAlronMtGen6s 76%
DO •** 881/4 8' LA » Gen .s..lll*_
E r'-"2ds 66 St Paul Consols.... 131 V4
ItW&DenClty lsls 67%-tPCA Pa lsts ..1 1* L*
c* Has A6s 104 ifco Carolina iVfcs... 106
Do2d7s. «*6 jSonthern R Ros... 89
lien Elec Deb 55... 95 1 Ho Pac Cal lata.. 107
MA Tex Cents_,..lo9%'Tenn new 3s 77
Do con 6s. 102 JTexas i'ac 15t5,.... 90
Jowa Central lsts.. 95% ' «*tas Pac fas. 20%
Kansas Pa Consols 74% Union Pac lsts 96.104 L*
Ks Pa Den Dlvl 171/4 ,C ts 4s reg of 1925. 1223 .-„
Consol 4s. 96 | Ho 4s, coupon.... 1223/g
Missouri funding. 0 S 4s reg of 1807. lll».i
• M T 2da. eo. I I>o4s. coupon. ...lit
: *'"*" 843/ 8 1 Do 2s 85%
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 68 Ho 6s. Reg ll.vS
Mutual Union .110 Lofts, coupon.... 113%
1". J Cent 0cn55...U7 Va funding dent... 62
N J C AStLouls4slos Bo registered.
Nor A West Gen 120 Ho deterred 65.. ft
N Carolina con 102 V. Do irnst rcpt stpd 6Vs
..S?, 6 * 122 Wabash Ist is.. „. 10 7 n
NcirtiiwestConsols. 141 West snore *».,,,. 106*A
LoCeo 6s n_> vrrm
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IX -IVESPOO-.
LIVERPOOL, End., Feb 23.-The spot market
ls quiet at 6s 7d. Cargoes are steady at 335, jus:
shipped.
rUTUM-,
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Wluter: Feb
ruary, 6s 3%d; March. 6s ZVa<l; May, 6s 6d;
July, 6s 43, 4 d.
• SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 23,-Conpiolps, 112%: sil
ver, 29 11-16 d; trench Rentes, 102f 47V_c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86*"i
Men Inn Exchange sight — 4 8-s.s.
Sterling Cables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — *__5
New Y".r^- Exchange, telegraphic. — 27%
Fine silver, per ounce — d'".'!.
Mexican Hollars . _ 61%
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND . THER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— For spot business 16s 3d i
Is about the ra:e, with an occasional charter.
The charteied wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 21, .00, against 30,800 tons on the same
date last year. Disengsged, 90.700 tons, against
47,900. On the way to this port, 197,000 tons,
against 212,600.
WHEAT— The market opened dull all around, J
with a decline In futures. "Quoted at $1 25@1 S2V_ ;
* ctl for common grades, «1 35@1 36*4 f* ctl tor j
average No. 1, $1 37"/ 3 *"» ctl for cnoice aud f 1 AMK_ I
(gil 5. V ctl for exira choice ling.
. CAM. HOARD SALE**.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Mar— 6ooo
ctls, *1 3414: 6000. *l 3'S/ 8 : 8000, *i 34"_4. De- '
cember— lO.uOU, *1 18Vi..'
SacoXD Session — December - 6000 ctls,
*1 17***. May— Btoo, 81 33*.: 8000, (1 33%:
4000, 91 333,4. ™
RKi.n.AR, Mokni.no Session— May— 2000 ctls,
-.13*%
A fternoon .Session— Mav-2000 ctls. (1 38%
--26,000. 41 34. December— -00U, »1 17%.
RARL V— Trade continues .dull all around.
Feed, 75@HOc^»ctl: Brewing. 87 V 2 V_c.
CALL BOARD BALE-.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
HhiiSli "SESSION— No -a ea,
It E<l IT I. a Morn Ivo SKSSION— NO sales.
A kternqon -session— .* 0 hates.
OAT-*— offer.ngs aie in excess of the demand.
whim Is vers- dull. Milling, $1 26®l 40 V ell:
Fancy Feed,*l 37"/_@l 45: Common White, _!(__>
1 1 10: good to choice, fl 15©1 35, according to
, quality; Black tor feed, 96c@*l 05; for seed,
j fl 10»1 25; Gray, Si 16@1 SO; Red, f 1 10@1 20
--■ surprise, * 1*4 4@1 60 '%* ctl.
I CORN— onilnues inoversnpply and dull. Large
Yellow. 76@80c: Small Round do, 90c; White.
77Va»82i/i,c*_» ctl.
YE— Lower and hard to sell at 85«87"__c Soil.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at fl 1601 26 ctl.
. FLOUR ANU MiLLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 85@4 95*. Bakers' extras, 8 4 75@4 85; Super
tine. f -194 35 '?- bbl.
COUN MEAL ETC. -Feed Corn, t17@17 50;
Cracked Corn. fl7 60-*.lB V ton.
MILLSTUFFa— Prices in sacks are its follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, f- 85
V 100 lbs: Rye Flour, *2 75 "p 100: Rice Flour,
f5 75: Cornmeal, f •-<_<•_ 25; extra cream do, f _ 75;
oatmeal, fS 60; oat Groats, fl; Hominy, f3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Flour. $3 '-'&_,„ 60: Clacked
Wheal. f3 60: Farina. f4; Whole Wheat Flour,
f3; Rolled Oats (bbls). f 5 60(25 90; Pearl Barley,
.3 75<ft4: Split Peas, f 3 60; Green do, f4 25 '«
100 lbs. "
HAT ANO FEEOSTUFFS.
- Hay shows no decline, but It Is weak. Bran and
Middlings are unchanged. ,
BRAN— 12 60@13 for the best and fll 50012
V ton for outside brands. ,
MI.»DHNGS-flB 50@19 60 for lower grades
and "*2U@2l V ten for the best-
FEED.sTOFFI- — Rolled Barley, fl7 60@18;
Ol cake Meal a. tbe mill, $26 60 *» ton; Jobbing.
$ 27 50; clipped Oats, fl3o@l 50 _. ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $8<fl»l 1 ; Wheat and Oat, f7@
10: Oat, f6@9. Ban ey, #7648 60: River Barley,
»_@- 60; Alfalfa, ?6<_,7 60; compressed. f6@
8 50; stock, f 5.0.6; lover, f tt®B _. ton.
BTRAW-25&50C V bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Nothing going on. Beans are liberally offered
■ BEANS Bay os, f 1 50@1 60 fl ctl: Smail
Whites, f 1 16@1 25 V ctl; Large \A hues, f I@l ls
V ctl: Pin is, fl lOfa.l 25: Reds, $1104120-
Rlackeye, f 1 lOftfll 15, Red Kidney, f 2 50. Llmas",
f 1 7(i_}l 90; Butters, f 1 25©1 50; Pea, al 16®
130. • *_*
HEEDS— Brown Mustard, *2 50(32 75: Ye low
Mustard, fl 76@2 V ctl; Flax, $1" 35i_)l 40: Ca
nary seed, lS4@2l.ie V tb: Alfalfa, bi/a.O; Rape,
- I ,i_:*2"{4c; Hemp, 3c: Timothy, 4"Ac.
DRIKi. PEAS— Niles. fl@l 20 V ctl; Green.
f 1 40@1 50 V ctl. _______
POTATOES, ONION-*, VEGETABLES.
Potato's and Onions pre about the same, but
Vegetables show a good deal of change. .
POTATOES— New Potatoes,—--. lb; Sweet Pota
toes, f 101 76, accordink to quality; Early Rose. 70
(cCHOc; River Beds, 70@80c: Buihank Seedlings. 65
067 V ctl for Rivers. 90c@f 110 for Kaunas and
_~>_>H_ic for Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, 75®
ONIONS— fI 60@1 75 ctl; Cut Onions, 76c®
fl 25; Oregon*!. $2. : ,
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c<a)<
fl 25 *jMoz; Asparagus t(4>i2"^c %. Ibforcommon
and 16(<£25c for choice*. Rhubarb, *1 50_)_ 26 V
box; Lob Angeles Summer squash, f 1 2o V box;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, "<6tosoc V box- -Mush
rooms, ie V lb: Marrowfat -quash, f _@7 V ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 6Q<@f 1 26 V bx; .Mexican
Tomatoes f 1 25; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc _" lb; Green
Peas, 6@7c %* lb; Los Angeles String Beans,
l()(gi 12 *._.;: Dried Okra. B@9c V lb; Cabbage, Hint
V oil; Carrots, -s@3oc V sack; Garlic, l_M
2cV lb.
BUTTE CHEESE AND EGGS.
Receipts are more liberal and the market is
weak, but no lower.
1 rkamkry —Fancy creameries, 2-@21o; sec
onds, 17V_@18c * tb. -
Dairy— 1-aucy rolls. 16(516c; squares, 10@17c
V tb; goon to choice, 13t014c; lower grades. 10_k
12J^c. W aw
I'icx-kd— l3<3l4c V lb for old and 16c V &> for
new. - ......
Fibkix— l.@l4c V lb for old and 15c V lb for
new. . 4
Creamery TUB— 16Q17c V lb.
CHEESE— Continues to decline- Choice mild
new Is quotable at 9@:*V*>o V lb: common to
good old, 7V 2 Vie: Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c V Tb;
Young America. »@llc sj - tt>; Western,- Il«ai2c;
Lastcrn. 14@14* / _c. "
" EGGS-Arrlvals are rather too large and an-
I other decline is noted. Ranch Eggs. 12@13c;
store Eggs, 10%@11%c9 di z: Duck Eggs, 15c
POULTRY* AND GAME.
POULTRY— Three cars Eastern came In, selling
at 12% c for Turkeys, $5 for Docks and Fryers.
$4 50(05 ' for Hens, $5 60 for young Roosters and
94 lor old Roosters.
Home stock showed no change whatever.
Live Turkeys, 12@13 "j"l lb for Gobblers, 12(513c
9 lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 1 @16 %* lb;
Geese. $ pair. $1 60ai 75; Oos*lri_s. 92 50@3;
Ducks. *4 6<>£s 50 for old and "*6@7 for vo ing:
Hens, «3 ioa4 60: Roosters, youn., $5&5 50:
do, old. 93 sC(sj>4; Fryers, 84 *"OpS5: Broilers, 94 50
@5 tor large aud 93@4 lor. ►mall; Pigeons, 9?@
2 50 "a doz for young .in 1 "Mia. 25 for old.
GAME— Arrivals are insignificant aud quota
tions are nominal. English antpe, *- 60<_,3 ft
doz: Jack Snipe, V doz- Hare. $1 Rabbits,
8125 for Cottontails and 91 for small: Gray
Geese. »•_ 60: White Geese, 91: Brant, 9160;
Honkers. 93 5J(g,4
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples are meeting with a better inquiry and
are In lighter supply and firm, Oranges are going
off well at steady prices. Lemons and Limes are
dull. ■ * - - -v.. ■•::-: -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '"<' <A
Apples, 90ct@91 25 .* box for choice, $1 35©1 50
for fan y. 60®. 5c for common.
BERRIES
PS si crn Cranberries, *6@7 *" bbL
CI 1 RCs FRUITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at «1 75@2 75 * box: Seedlings 75c@$l 25 V bx;
Lemons, 5 -c&sl for common and St 26<_>1 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes,fs®6 60; California
.Limes. 75c@5125; Bananas. 91_>2 ***, bunch:
Pineapples, 9*-'@4 9 doz.
DRIED FRUITS, LAI INS, NUTS, ETC.
The market continues stagnant and featureless
Some apprebensjon is fell for Almonds, on account
of the current frosts.
DRIED Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6®9c
for Royals and II jgSTfri tor choice to lancy
Moorpar_s: Prunes. 2%@3c for the 4 sizes:
Peaches, 4@5%c for prime to choice. 6%@7c for
I fancy and ; (coiuc for peeled in boxes: Apuies. 5@
51.21- for evaporated and .<g,2*,_c fur sun- tried;
Pears, 2%(p6c for prime to choice, 4©5% c for
quarters aod 6@S*/i' for ha yes: Plums. ■»«. for
pitted and IV." fur unpltted; Nectarines, 3%@
4%c for choice and 6"4jC for fancy ; White rigs,
3c: Back Figs, 2%@2%c.
JoiißlNo I ' ic I. h- Peaches. 4i.@si/_c t\ lb:
fancy. 6%@7%c > _b: peeled. 12", a^ ~& lb Apri
cots, 6%ji9- V" lb; tune . 10c; Mooiparic«, IV@
13c: evajiora • d App es, /i<7: sun-d.iea, 2 !^i<s3<.;
Prunes \<a.'i \'__c forthe 4 .-.izes: Figs, back, 3c lor
j unpressed and „0.3% a for rested; white Flips 4c;
; P.D-na. 4"/ 2 @sc for pitted and l*/ a c for unpltted;
\ Nectarints. 4<_,6c "p tt> for prime 10 fancy: Pears,
'* !^-(-'sc for hole, 4%@5%c tor quarters and 4%
@.%c for ha', vt* 1
Raising-
I Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose. 53 gC:
j three-crown, 4%c ft lb; two-crown. 3"V»c "S* lb:
, seedltss Sultanas. 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 43/ ac;
three-crown London Uyers. **1 15; clusters, $1 *>0:
Dehesa clusters. 9 "_ 60; Imperial clusters, 93;
! dried ('rapes. 3c *j~ lb.
•" Jobbing Pricks— san Francisco— Fourxrown,
I loose, s*4c: 3-ciown, 4%c: 2-crown. S^c; seed-
I less Sultanas, 6%c; seedless Musca.ela, 4%c;
| 3 crown ion. ion layers, 9125; clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, 92 75: Imperial clusters, $3 26.
NUTS Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts
6 %:_t_7c H lb for standard and «a 9V 2 ■• 'f\ lb for
sot. shell: Almonds, " , (£6> ) .c for Lang.edoc, 'i(_u
3%0 for hardshell snd 84*190 "i* lb for papers'. ell;
Peanuts, 4@6c r lb for Eastern and 4c tor Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts s@6c f* lb; P«cans. 7V_@
8' "Sib: Gilberts, 7%®Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7%SBc;
Cocoanuts, $f!»5 50 'ft jOO.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%cfor bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, :>@sVac:
light amber extracted, 4 1 _,-': : dark amber, 4@
4"Ac: dark. 2(S»C ■& lb.
BEESWAX— 22025 c V lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market Is dull a: unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c V a. for heavy, 7c
V lb for light medium. 9Va** for light, 10c y tt> for
extra light and ll%c ft for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%c; California
! Hams. 10C<_10%-*; Mess Beef, »*©7 60; extra
I mess do, *Bfeß jO: family do. $9 su(-)10; extra
I prime Pork. 97 5028; extra clear. .16 9 bbi:
1 mess. $14 y bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c «* lb.
LAKH— eastern ti-rces is' quoted a. 6%c for
I compound ana 606% c for pure: pails, 7c; < i_.
1 fornla tierces. s(9*&*/>c a} ___ tor compound and 6>4c
i tor pure: half-bbls, 6%c; _0-_> tins, 7t-ic; do, 6- lb.
] 'Vie fl lb
COlTsiLENE— s%@s'«ic in tierces and 7".4ra
I 81/.C In 10-Jb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
HIDES AND SKIN*-— Culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy sal J steers are quo.
able at 8c %* lb: medium, 7c *_» lb: light, 6@6%c:
Cowhides, 66461 *.c: salted Kip, 6c >■ It: salted
Calf. 7@Bc: led Veal, 6c; dry Hides, l.'i 3
I 13c: calls and brands. 9^_(__>ioc as Tb: dry Kip and
Veal. 9<310c: dry Calf. lie. culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@-5 each: Kills, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
25c 9 lb; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins.
shear mo, lO.A'JOc each; short wool, _5(_;35c
ea h; medium, 30045- each; long wools, 40060 c
each. - • ... . .
T ALLOW— No. 1. 'rendered. •"©Si/.c; Na 2,
'-'.'' refined. sc: Grease, 2c "f* lb.
Wi OL-Is quieter and oncuanged. Weouote:
; San Joaquin. 4<a6c: Eastern tsregon, 7010 c -}. tb.
HOPS— Continue dull at 608 c for fa.r to cho.ee
i and 9010 cfl ib for fancy. ' ;-; '• •" '-**-"
C. 1 NKRAL MKU-HANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; June-
July delivery. &c; San Quentin, are higher at 6c;
Wool Bags, 24i / _@_6'/_\
COAL— Wellington. $8 i* ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton; _oatb Held Wellington. "*7 60 «* ton;
Seattle, IS 60; Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay, $4 76
~P ton: Wallsend, .6 50 ***■ ton; C inn be rl a id,
918 5U *_■ ton in bull- and $15 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, Sll@l2' t' ton; Welsh
Anthracite. fo©10: Canuel. 98 '?. ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Hate and Fleasan. Valley. $7 60;
Coke, Slier, In bulk and $13 V ton in ska
CAN Neu FKUlTs— Cherries, black or red,
2" jib, extra, $'._ f* doz. v*. hue Cherries, 2' _-Ib,
extra, $2 60; 2%-Ib standards, C 2 10: Peacne.—
\ eliow. free. $1 10($1 60: Apricots- 06:
Raspberries, 91 76: -strawberries, 91 75.
C'AS.NKi VEOET.VBLES— Tomatoes, 70c "jl
dozen 2%-D> tins; Peas— 9-@l 26 f* dozen..
COF I** f. We quote:
Costa Rica— l9%@'.o*/_c "& lb for good to prime
washed; lhi._'<i.l9c for wood; 18c for good mixed
with black bea.is: 16@17cfcr fair; 10%i_}14c nom.
for common to ordinary.
i-aU'ai or— lß(<al9c for good to prime washed;
16*«_i'_)17"^cf(>r fair washed; 18%@19%c for good
to prune w.i-hed peaberry ; 16%_>16c tor superior
unwashed; 15c for good unwashed; 17%@18c
for goo i to prime unwashed peaberrv.
'.'■•ATKMAI.A AND MEXICAN*- 21 (_)2lc *|* It) for
prime .o strictly prime wasned; l.<*.-46Jliy"iic. for
good lostrlctl.' good washed: 17@i8%c 9 lb tor
fair washed 14(__16c for medium; 1 I fan 'M- f* R. tor
ordinary; B@l-%c for Interior to common; 19V_*'__I
20% c tor good to piime washed peaoerry; 18_}
IS' ..c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
1 i-ll -Pacific Cod. tatch of 1836. lUOtb cases,
a Vic f* lb; 60- bundles, 3%c; Bone. ess, 6%C;
M indies. S~*Ac; Blocks, sc; Desiccated, 8 * "_» d.z;
Pacific Herring, 16c "j* box: Dutch do, 9i)C:*a_l 10
"j' keg: Whiieiish. 91 60 in half-bbls and »i 76 in
kits: Tongues and Sounds, $12: Mackerel , bbls—
No. 1, $20: No. 2, 918 60; ISO. m, 917; half-bbls—
r*.o. 1. ?9@9&0; No. 2, '8 6L@9: No. 3, $8 50:
klis-Xo. 1. 91 50: No. 2. *1 26; No. 3, $1.
QtTCKsiHVEK- 60 V flask.
''IL— California Caitor Oil. cases, No. 1,95 c:
bbls, 90c *p gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
<. 11. lv bbls, boiled, 38c; do raw, 36c: cases, Sc
more: Lard OH. extra winter s rained, obis, &6c;
No. 1, 4f.c; cases. 6c higher; Cnlna Not, 45(__.5'_c
*? gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Stand
ard Oil Company qu tcs as follows: Waterwhite
Coal Oil, in bulk, lUV2 C * Pearl Oil, in rases, 16c;
Astral, do, 16c; Star, do, 16c: Extra &tar oil, In
cases 20c: Ela ne, do, 21c: Eocene, do. 18c; He
odorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, ll%c: do. ln
cases, 17c: 63 s Deodor.zed Naphtha. •In bu Ik,
KM 2 c. 63° do, ln cases. 15% c. Bo° Gasoline' In
bulk, 20c; 86° do, In cases. 26c V eal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at .'>'.@">"._c *f. lb.
RED LEAD-Quotable at &'/4-)^%c "% lb.
TURPENTINE— In esses. 4 lu; In iron barrels,
39c: In wooden bariels, 41c V lb-
CANDLES 1 hp Standard oil Company quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6's, 16 oz. 7%c: 14 oz,
6%c:120z 6c;100_,6*4c. Oranites— 16 oz,
B%c; 14 oz. 7V_c: 12 oz. 7c: 10 oz. «"^c. . '
LEA I HKR— Harness, heavy. 30@35c "f* lb: do
medium, 28c do light. 24@25c": Kougn Leather,
19,<t210; Kips *llifcr.is per dog* Calf. 70,_>90c:
Rough spin.. BT<i9c; Belt-kni»e splits,- 12®
14c; Collar I.eath r, black, .l\-'m@lic %* foot;
do, russet, ll%(_)i3c; Skirting Heather, 31%@
36 %* lb. ,
SUi.AR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terras net cash: Cube ant Crushed, 6%c:
1 owdered, &V_c: Fine Crushed. 6S/ic: Dry Oranu
lated, 4%c: confectioners' A, 4B_j<-: Magnolia A,
4%c; ixtrac, 4%c: Golden C. .0; half barrels
%c more than barrels and boxes %c more.- '- ,'.;.;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm and fine stock occasionally brings
4c. Beef and Mutton are without change. Whole
sale rates lor dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6c; second. 6@sV c; third
do. 4@4Vic *f* tb. , ..'■ s- ■•■.•
VEAL— Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c V lb.
MUTTON— 6@6V_c; Ewes, s*._@6c
9 tb.
LAMB— spring, 10c V lb
POBK— Live mors, 3"/_@3 s/gc "J" lb for large and
33 / 4(a>;i7 / gc for small and medium; dressed do, 4"".i
©bo* tb. -■■ -:■•
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, B@loc each for No. 1 and 6t_@6".._c for
No. 2; Redwood, 55 V cord; Oak, rough, f 6 50;
peeled, *9; Pine, f5 75.
TANBa aK— Nominal. '
LUMBER— Rates are nominal.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 48 HOURS.
Floor, or sks.... 8,110 nay. .sins _ 910
Oregon 3,530 Straw, ions. 91
Washington... 8,700 bran, sks. - 216
Whea.ct.s .... 21, H- Butter, ctls...__ 202
Washington... 1.416 Cheese, cua.. 32
Barley. ens... _ . 1.-.160 bugs- c 05.... ... 11,400
Peana sks. 6.679 Hides, n0....",. 1,801
Corn.ctls„ i'elta bd15. ...... 195
Eastern........ 3,-U0 Wine. gau...._ 64,000
Oats, ct15........', 386 Wool, bu , 16
Oregon 225 leather, r0115.... 42
Washington.- 4,650 Lime, bbls _.-.. 162
Rye. ct15. ........ MSB Lumber. Mre---. 20
Potatoes, sks..-, 6,231 Quicksilver, flsks 60
Onions, ._-*,. 167 Flaxseed, sks.... 432
Middlings, iv.. .'. . I_6 .
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The Comstocks were lower yesterday and the
market was very quiet.
Iheannu 1 meetings of the Hale A Norcross
and the Potosl mining companies have been called
for March 16.
The Merrira c Mining Company rt Grass Valley
has declared its fir t dividend, at the rate of 10
cents per share, amounting to $ 9400.
It is "eport ii that a few days ago the east drift
of the 750 level of the Alta mine cut into a seam
of clay two or three feet wide running, almost in
the direction of the drif , but since then has
changed Into Its exact course end has widened to
four feet. The -ie.- m is said to carry no quartz,
but instead a soft reddish material which assays
up to »9 30 per tin, 6'J per cent of which is gold.
The seam runs east and west.
No work was done 111 the Choliar mine on the
Corns. ock during the past week. - The report of
the operations in the Choliar Company's ground
ou the Brunswick lode is as follows: -shaft 1 was
sunk 11 feet and is now down 829 feet on the in
cline, the Lottom is in hard footwall rock. 500
level— The sou drif; on this level hus been driv
en 24 feet during the past week through h.rd
ground composed of porphyry., and quartz of low
grade. Owl gto the heavy snowstorm of the past
week, and the com quern Impossibility of hauling
ores and from the fact of the dump at the mine
be fu 1. have susp all work In the mine
except that n the 500 level until such time as
hau ins can be resumed.
In the Potosl mine (Comstock lode) the south
drift from the top of the rais» connection on the
tunnel has been advanced 32 feet during the past
week, and is now out 14 ' feet. The material in
the face and that emountere J during the week has
Been chiefly quartz, giving assays of from 5- 60 to
*12 ter toi.
The report of the work In the Hale A Norcroea
mine during tne past week is as follows: Continue
to ease the timbers in the n.ain shaft b 'tween ihe
900 and 975 leve.s. 900 level— i be upiaise started
from the sixth floor 31 feetsonth of upraise 1 w«s
topped. Upraise 2— Have worked north from the
ninth floor, fo lowing a small seam ot ore Into old
lings of low value. Advanced the east crosscut
from the ten floor 12 feet; total leng 24 feet;
and stopped at the east clay. Started a west
crosscut opposite this east crosscut and made the
necessary repalia on this level.
Assessments I'enrtlng.
Following is a list of assessments nn*r oen"ltntt
II 1 Delinqt 1
Comvakt. Na Amu; in the Sale Day.
_^^ 7-i I ;.■_ I Board. I
Utah..... -4 1/5 .Feb 14. Mch. 8
Bullion 4*- 10 .Feb 14!. Mch 11
-Silver King 16 25 .Feb 18 .Mch 29
Eureka Is .Feb lh .Mch 16
Julia. 2e .Feb 21 .Mch 1*-
Best & Belcher 2. .Feb 26. Mch 23
Andes. 43 10 .Mch 1 .Mch .9
Ophir 7C 25 .Mch 8 .Mch 30
Occidental.-.......;... 26 10;. Mch 13 Apr 6
Con imperial 3b OlS.Mchlt Apr 1$
Kentuck... '13 05 .Mch li- . Apr 14
HOARD SALES.
Following were the tales in the San Francisco
Stock Poard yesterday:
XVOU-ar HUK.NISO SKSSIOX. rokMlsciN'9 9:30
200 8e1cher... 22 1600 Con 1m..01:609 Ophir 8*
201 8A8. .-...0i1). t*__cr 40 200 Ovrmn..-10
400 -h01r.....91 400 HAN ._ 1.05,1-0 "savage.... 4o
'00 ... 9*-' 2OO Mexican -35 ill a Nt 36
600 CC_i_V...2.ol| |
AFTKRXOOX B__SSION*— :30.
200 Andes 18 600 Julia o*s .'OO Ovrmn.,^oß
300 Belcher... 2l 500 Justice. os 100 5tnrd...1.70
200 _■ it- 61 LbOopnir 82 jOO X J.c_.....6
100 HAN. ..1.05 I . . j
Following wero the sales in the Pacific Stock
Foard yesterday:
BEGULAE S*t88I0J*— 10:30.
ion A1nha.....06 5 J Cond .....90 400 Ophir 84
•100 Alta 06 1200 O 1mp.. .01 1200 83
200 A ndea 1. IJO C POl nt. ...22 -00 Potosl 43
651 8e1cher.. .. 2218(H) Exchr OS 100 .....4_
ISO J BAB 6p{i4oO _ dcC ...41 -00 .Savage.-.. - 1
600 _....6(>BSJ HAN... -1.05 -00 41
100 1p.u11i0ti....l JOO ...... 1.07% 1000 bcorplonOJ
10J 12 650 1.1. .00 8AM. ..06
400 Caleda ..ll 3110 Justice. ..o. B'IJ i-.Ni-v 35
250 Cb11nge,. .37 L Wash..ol 50 Stanrd-1.70
700 ....9U 1400 -sex 35 400 Union 33
600 - 912 0 0ccd......U_ 50 J ....06
3250 CO_V..-.o_ 600 Ovrmn.... 10 sQJ i J»MW.._26
300 2.02% "•.;-....
aFtkrnoon session — 2:30.
200 Alnha 06,20J ' aolr 90,250 Ophir 82
600 Alta ....05 300 CCAV«.2.OSiJOJ 0vrmu....10
1000 04 160 2.02% 400 09
20J Andes:. ..l°* 5 j tun" b. -00 Potosl 43
20. _belcner...2l 300 Crwu 11. .21 JO » i-*va<e....4o
250 B A B 6. 100 Exchqr...O3 Set. 8e1. ...05
100 Bullion 11 .00 -A. ..... 411-00 a Nev. 34
700 1: .400 HAN. Stnrd.. . 1.70
300 Caleda.. ..lo 650 Justice.. _os|"od i*n10a.....33
260 Cliiul__...„7 20J Mexican. .3s 20*1 V J^-:....1!5
100 40 300 Occult;.. OS COO 27
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 23 4p. __
fill. A th <*</.. _Si-t. a tics,. .
jorharvt--.... «6 07 1n1ta..,......^ 05 06
Alt*. I* 05 lastlce. 04 06
Andes. 1- 1« Keniucfc. ..„._, 01 12
Belcher 21 ' 22 Mexican 3*. 36
Best A _.elc_»- 61 6- Nevada Qoeea. 14:-- —
Benton Con.. . 16 j 20 North C" AC. — : -- —
Bnliton 11 ' 12 .tciueu. ««..... 08 - 09
Caledonia. 11 laoplilr 83 85
Choliar 9p> 91 Overman...... 08 09
Cou.C_i_.Va... 20 » 2.05 fotOsL _. 4:t 44
Cball.ne. Cox 39 41 lavage. .-, 37 39
Con. Imperial. 01 >c0rpi0n.....„ 02 03
Confidence.... 86 -.2 -jeg. Belcher... — 06
ton New tor- — l. -ilver Hill 01 «a
Crown Point... 20 22 -terra Narad-. 34 86
EastSierraNsr — 14 standard 1.65 1.70
eureka ... — 40 syndicate. ... 02 ill
Excheuuer 01 <)• Union euu..... 34 35
i.oula_t curry 40 41 _tau _. 06 17
m.m,a._ 1.00 1.05 . tuuw JM4«k 26 27
Jackson — '-6
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.;
TUESDAY, Feb 23 2p. it
UNITED STATES BONUS.
J imj.'mtmca.i ■; '' i-;-' . J3UA. mtsXmd.
DBla conn. 112 — \C E4sr*g...loa* 110%
Do new issue 122 "a — | -'-.•:•.
-"_IBCKI_LANKOI"S BONDS.
Cal-s.Cbless.ll2 — OakUas&s.: — 104
Cal Elec L 65126 131 Do 2d is 6a.. 109 110%
CntraCW6s 95 97 I_. umoiDas 65.. 121 J4lilSl%
DpDl-etex-cp — "b7%P&ORy6s. — ' 113
EdsnLAP6sl2B%l3o ll'AChßy6s. — 103
FACHKR6S — 108 jpwl-st HR 6t114 . 119
Geary -st R6sloo ' 103 JBeno.WLAL — lo_
H CAS 6 %s. 103 — . acto PAL. - 100
Losa_rL6-i — 100 .FANPR6S.. 100%101L_
Do On teed _ 101 sPßllArlz6i 92-. —
Mkpt-stCble6sl22% - sPRRCai 6s. 109 114
HoßyLon bs. 106%107 s>Pßßlal6s. — 100
Nat Ist-*— 100 -PKrliCa!6s. 97% 9814
NevCNgß7s.lo3 106 SVWater 6*. 120^,120^,
N RyCal bs. 100 — >VWaler4s. 100V 2 101
NRyCatos. — 95 StktnOAKoi — ' 10_i/_,
watkr stock-
Contra Costa 35 41 iSprng Valley *-7*ra 97%
Marine...... - 52 j \:-i.. *- : j._"
•AS AND KLKCTRIO "I TOCK *
Capital. — 25 1 Pacific Ll.b*. 49 60
Central 98% — F GAElec 97% 97%
M Elec Light 6' BS/ Francsco 2 mi. A
U-tUL.U 6:i">i 64% Stockton..... — 20
Pao-aslmp 91 .92%| . - _ _._--_-;.--" .i
INSOBA-..C stock-.
Flreman'sFdl77% —'. I
CO Mp-B.it. I Ar, RANK STO-Kl. .':.".."
Anclo-Ca1.... 61' — ! First Nattonllßl '187%
Bank of Cal.. 37 240% London PA A. 12 7 —
C_lt>DATColo7 109 jMerchEx.... 14 —
1 BAVINMH BANK STO^:-C*.
OerSALOo- — 1600 ISav A Lean.. '_ 106
HiuxtbSAH.llOO — Security.. .-.341 —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. B2s 900
b.aav Union — 476 ,
BTBEKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 . — lOakHLAHa/ _ 109
uearyst....- 28% - Presidio..... 45. —
Markei-u.... 43% .4*4! .- -".'.:.
'S'l.-' i'> ';.'■ ' •'-am'-aim. STOCK*P.
Atlantic D... 16 17 C0a.... S2L& 32* A,
California.... 92Vfcl*0 IVlgortu —* o o c
Kastern H.... 75 85 I
miscri.ua NKni.-s drmgl
Alaska Pkrs. — 104 (Nat Co. . _ (ill
Ocr Lead Co. no 100 < % ceanlcSSCo 24 26
HawCASCa. 16 lGVi'Pac Aux F A - 4-
HntchSPuo 24% '- 4% I'acßoraxCo. 80 96
MerExAssn.. — ii. |ParfPalntCo — y
s auks— morning SESSION.
Board—' ■ ... ' : - ' ;y.\
f 2000 California-si Cable Bonds 112 00
50 Giant I'owil.r Con 32 0 '
5 do ' 00 . cash.... ; ".".". 33 00
80 do Oo „.... .2 26
180 do do 32 12%
25 Hawaiian Commercial. - 16 00
60 a F Gas A E.ectric Co 97 00
40 do. do ....- 97 25
310 SVWater »7 26
25 . do do- 97 60
' — AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— ! .-7. « --, •
20 Cal Safe Deposit. 108 00
75 Otant Powder Con 32 37Lt.
10 "do do '.I 32 25
5 Hutchinson .S P Co. _ 24 62i/_
60 do do „ j, 24 60
60 Oakland Gas 64 00
186 « F Gas A Electric Co 97 25
90 V Water *7 75
99000 S V 4% Bonds. 100 60
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jsabe'la, Helen. Henry L., Rachel K. and Law
rence E Van Winkle. Alice D. and James G.
Gaud. Isabella M. and William l.omaine to Isaac
Strassbur^er, lot on N lineof J <ckson street, 137-6
W of Laguna, W 137:6 by N 127:8*,.: flO.
Antonio To/nazzini to Candid, hlphe.tl. lot on
W line of Walnut street, 50 8 of Clay, S 52:8"-_ by
W 112:6: flO. /* *
:, Newton H. Hickman to Otto H. Green-raid, lot
on SW corner of Frederick and Ashbury street*
W 106:3. 8 102. X 6:3. _ 75. E 100, N 177; flO
" I). J. Buckley to Fernando Nelson, lot on SE
corner of Twentieth and Castro streets, E 469 br
8 2.8, quitclaim deed; f 5. . * ■
Hibernia savings and Loan Society to same,
same; 436.8,10. '
George -Geltner to Thomas Madden, lot on E
line of York street, 126 b of Twentieth. S 26 by E
100; ""10.
Wiiiiam Linden to Annie M. Linden, lot on N
line of '1 weniy-tourth street, 125 W of Vlc-sbur_
W 50, N 114. R 75. S 29, W 25, 8 85; also lot on
N lineof Twenty-fourth street, 152:8 W of San
chez, W 60:11 by N. 114; also lot sin SW corner of
Twentty -second and Sauches streets, S 76:6 by W
106; also lo on W lineof Castro street. 75 N" of
Tweniy-s-cond, N* 123:4 by W 250: - also lot on W
line of : Vicksbnrg stree , 127:8 8 of Twenty
fourth, 8 25 by W 100; also lot on 3 line of Jersey
street, 210 Eof Castro, E HO by S 114: also lot on
— lino of Jersey, street, 185 Kof Castro, E 25 by
8114; also lot on SW line of Fifteenth avenue,
325 NW of R street, NW 100.. -100, — 25, SW
100. toNK line of Sixteenth avenue, —75, Mi
200. block 303. ON and H.: gift. - ■ ■ ■ '
...state of Adeline Mejasion. by Thomas A.
'her. executor, to Alexander W. Wilson, lot on
teW corner of Turk and Taylor streets, W 137 :6x
S 137:3; ,"99,000 -■ „ ;.
Marie. Joseph J. and Ada T. Gensoul, Thomas
A and Marie G. Usher, Ephrem, Adele G., Louise
8.' M. L. and Marie A. F. Vorbe. H«nri and Eu
genic i*. Martin 10 same, same; 810.
Alexander W. and Rose W ilson to Louise & M.
L and I arle a . F. Vorbe, lot on Sis. line of Mis
sion street, 175 NX of Fourth. NE 50 by SE
100 and lot on SE corner of O'Farrell and Hyde,
.E7oby 8 77:6; *10. ' 7'»7' ;
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Meyer and Mathilda Conn to H. K. Mitchell, lot
on NE line of East Eleventh street, 100 SE of
First avenue, SE 60 by NE 100, block 27, Clinton,
East Oakland ; CIO. '
Abner I. and Ada J. Lowell to Thomas P. Merry,
lot on s line of Smart street, 525 W of Fulton, W
60 by 8 134:6. being lot 16, block E, Blake Tract;
Berke ey: $600. • * _ _, _
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to George E. But
ler, lot on N line of Htlgnrd , avenue, 200 W of
Euclid. W 50 by N 126, being' lot * 13, block 6,
Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph J. McKeon to John W. Flnlgan. lot 5,
b.ock 24, Warner Tract. Brooklyn Tosj-nshlp; »10.
John W. Flnlgan to Mary A. Finigan, same,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Martha A. Burke to Helen V. Palmer, NE cor
ner of Encinal avenne and Union - street, N 50 by
E 148, being the, S 50 fe-i of lots V, 10 and 11,
Mock 5, amended map Bartiett Tract, Alameda;
aso property -in town of Thermalito, Butte
County; (10. ".-.r.,p
Mary K. B. Kottineer to Manuel and Augustine
Viera, lots 26, 27, 31 and 32, block X, Map of
i astern Extension of Pleasauton, Murray Town
ship: $300.
Warren D. Heaton to PermellaF. Heaton, lot on
W line of Webster street, 191 N of Fourteenth,
N 65, W 300, S 50, E 150, 8 15, E 160 to begin
ning, Oakland; gift.
. •'• Builder's Contract.
Martha A. Morrison with Cbarles E. Miller, al
terations and additions to a two-story frame build
ing on N line of Fell street, 137:6 E of Buchanan,
P. B. Wood architect; $2570.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F German, Dcs Moines J Finlay, Brooklyn
J Bradley, Boston Mrs Finlay, Brooklyn
M McManus, Lawrence M Masterson, Peabody
Mrs Thomas, Stockton J Pressey sfc w, N V
it W Gardner, Quincy C Stern, »os Angeles
J Butler, Cnl ago A Stern, Los Angeles
J Elweli, Chisago J E Lewis, Chicago
J F Archibald, Stanford E Arnold, Stanford
Mrs Van der Padll, Chi- R F Flnnell. England
cngo Mrs J Tobin, Burlingame
W Barr, San Rafael Miss Clement.Burllngme
W BHasseu.H^n Rafael W Wood, Boston
E Metton, boston V ttiivet, Ohio
H G Rials, el. Oakland J W Press Cal
J 8 c hard, Chicago J B Peakes, Santa Cruz
C Kohl, Sis Mateo R Jacobs, Portland
Miss Jacobs, Pcrtland H sountag, San Rafael
J Holtt, Burlingame G P Morrow, Oakland
GRAND HOTEL,
Miss C X Llppman. Sac D P Pierce, Big Canyon
G U schee 'st wf, Cal J S La Rue. Placerville
C uurnee, Oakland Mrs C A Morse.Palo Alto
W o McLeod, Rio Vista P H Murpby, San Carlos
Mrs F Wilson. Cal F* W Covey, Palo Alto
R M Rlcnardson, Sacto G W Morgan. Cal
F C liewson, Canada A G Eison, Fresno
J G Ashman, Fresno C A Robertson, Chicago
J H Gibbs. Ml< h T A Chase, N V
Mrs Harris, Chicago Miss E Harris, Chicago
Master Harris, Chicago J Hayes, Washington
F W Hall. Oakland M J Wright, Bacto
J B Kelter. Chicago F M Campb.-U, Oakland
\V W Douglas, Sac 0 W R Roud, Woodland
M Walser, Fresno L P Swift st wf, Fresno
Mrs M Marme, Detroit B A Wi.sotistwt.banJose
P H Tynan, Portland B Wehrfritz, Kamloops
J J Pratt, Yuba City Miss A Even, Napa
Miss X Kveu, Napa F D Cobb, Stockton
B 8 Cobb, Stockton G A Wosuman, N V
Mlsi Perkins. *-an Bafael F V Flint, -acto
it Howard, Stockton G C McMuilln, sacto
W A Davis, Brentwood G S McKenzie, Napa
A J Hinds, Santa ' ruz E H Dyer, .4lvara_o
I) D crowley, Oakland Dr W M Lawlor, S Rafael
Mrs C Bostwick, Vly Frd T G Phelps. San Carlos
F ' oughbrough. R V F I, Coo runs. Napa
H D Lowe, Illinois Mrs M McDan:els Ind
Wll Bain, Vancouver W C Dargie, Oakla d
T Blckiell, Chico ' Mrs *-lms. San Rafael
T Fullen, Angels Camp A T Buckles. Falrhe'.d ■
EDlnaeUpiei, Suisun ...
LICK HOUSE.
Miss Centura. Tacoma PHirachfeld, Ls Angeles
G B Katzenstein, facto Mrs M L Pratt, Stanford
.1 J Quill. Santa Cruz 1" E Knight. Marysville
W J Carpenter, Minn Mrs Carpenter, Mlunesot
.1 ll i'omro., Portland E W Allen, San Jose
J D McDcugall, Stocktn A D Tower, Nevada City
M E i-suborno, Vuba cty W S Madern, Texas
C W Steambaugb.Texas A P Catlin, Sacramento
H Vincent. Stockton P. G Williams. Oakland
W J Hussey.MtHamltn Miss J s Wilson, Texas
M Simon, i.knford • "* M Conly, Madera
C L smith, Sacramento T J Johnson, San Joss
WE Downing, nui.un Mrs Downing, Suisun
F H Busy. Concord A Down, Milton
L Gillls, sonora - A C Westgaie, Rio Vista
C Haas.S ockton G H Golden. Grass Vally
J Gainer, Millhrae M s Rose, Fowler
A Weodward. Fresno Miss P Martam, Mill Val
J M W-lmans, .Newman J- G McClelland A wf. Cal
W H skerritt. Vallejo I Copeland. Downieviile
Capt W J Bryum, Seattle U C Cherry, Seat ie
C H Kiege. Fresno A J Hartford, New York-
E J Hummell, Bakersrlld G H Wilbur. Boston
0 W I aryle, Denver G W Kimball, Roseburg
Dr A McMahon, Sn Jose H Hobson A w. San Jose
A Ross, California J C Williams, Oakland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D L Jones. Alameda John Messina. N O
Frank Samms, CLI i'go C H Roosbach, Chicago
Thos Richard, N «j - Geo F Bert, Los Aug
G F Pratt st ft*, Chicrgo John Snyder, r ureka
Jas E 1 hempson, Ariz li IJrighauep, sacto
John Iltstier. Deadwuod James Burke, bacto
Jas Gildul-, Grass Val Arthur Arnold, *N V
Martin ti'Callahan, Mass Pulrick King, Ireland
Jas oouohue, Port Costa Daniel Gibson, Alameda
A Society "Mystery.
Mrs. de Style — My dear, your wardrobe
is three months behind the fashion. Why
don't you have your husband buy you
some new dresses?
Married Daughter— He can't afford it;
he has no money.
Mrs. de Style— No money? Weill well!
I can't imagine what on earth you. mar
ried him for. — Spare Moments. .
THE CAXL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO AKBIVE.
*-.Uf, MOON' ANO TID..
DNmtn States Coast ano O-pCons-Tio Survey
times anu Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to
. San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the Bupkrint_nd__-t.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City tront (Mission-street Wharf) abont twenty
five ™' »'«» later than at Fort Point, me height
of tide is the sum- a*, both places.
::-':,.-, , February— lß97.
Norn-In . the above exposition of the tides ths
!£f,,L mor " ln 5 ll<, «» ■«** given In the left hand
eoinmn, and the successive tides of the day ln th*
order occurrence as to time. The second tims
column : gives the second tide of tbe day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometime'
sccnrs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given Is subtract; vs
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MAKIKKKS.
A branch of the United States .Hrdrographle
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners wit bout-regard to nationality and free of
ex cense. •; . ,
Navigators are '. cordially - Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of tbe world are kept on ban. tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to -ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal. _-. -
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. la
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following Jay.
W. 8. Hugh its.
.. Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. in oa_rga.
' The Time Ball.
Bbanch Hydrohraphic Office, U. S. N."»
Merchants' Exchange ' V
- San Francisco, February 23. 1897. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120:..
medidlan, or exactly at 8 p. St., Greenwich time.
W. S. Hughes.
Lieutenant U. s. n„ iv charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived..
TUESDAY. February 23.
Stmr Queen, Alexander. fO'i hours trom San
Die.o: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <£ Ca
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, 25 hours trom Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Cbarles Nelson.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 27 hours irom Eureka;
226 M ft lumber, to J R Haulfy. . .
Stmr State of California, Green. 47 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 40 hours; pass ana mdse,
to Goodall. Perkins d- Co. .
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarlnlch, 24% days from
Panama, etc; pass and mdse, to P M S S Co. :
Stmr Geo Doom is, Bridget., 34 hours from Yen*
tura: 6166 obis oil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Bktn Tarn o' Khanfr. Patterson, 6% days from
Colombia River; lumber and laths, to -Simpson
Lumber Ca ;' 7.7.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, February 2R.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro; Goodall, Per.
kins & Co. --.:'■-':
Stmr Doric, Smith, Yokohama and Hongkong *
0.& Co.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Ca ~
strar Tillamook, Hanson, Portland; North
Pacific 8 S Ca
Brig W G Irwin, Williams, Honolulu; J* D Spreck
els <_. Bros Co.
* _* : ->- Sailed.
TUESDAY, February 23.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro.
Stmr Willamette. Holmes. Seattle.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu.
cimr ('lpsv. -.eland. Santa eras.
-, Btmr Westport, Jacobs.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Tillamook. Hansen. Portland.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, Crescent City.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams, Honolulu,
Schr Newark. Beck, bo wens Landing.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS Feb. 28.- » __- Weather
clear: wind NE; veioct.y ft mile-,
Charters.
The schr Falcon loads mdse for San Jose de
Guatemala; schr Mary E Russ, mdse lo- Central
America; hark Aureola. lumber on the Columbia
River for Melbourne.
The Br snip Clan Galbraith loads wheat for Eu
rope, 16s 3d.
Spoken.
Dec 20-Lat 55 S, long 66 W, Br ship Wendora,
from Hamburg, for -anta Rosalia.
Jan 9— Lat 23 S. long 23 W, Br ship Cawdor, hce
Oct 10, for Queenstown.
Jan _9-Lat 32 S. long 34 W, Br ship Puritan,
hence Nov 21, for Hull.
Dec 20— Lat 66 S, long 73 W, Br ship Royal
George, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
• Feb I— Lat 7 S, long 23 W, Br ship Eudora, hne
Nov 16, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr .Areata, hce
Feb 2L
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 22— Br stmr Mount Le
banon, from Yokohama
Sailed Feb 2-— Br stmr Persian, for Melbourne.
TATOOSU— Passed Feb 23-Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox, for . Feb 23— Br stmr
Wei lngton, from Nanalmo, for s» . Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Feb 22-acnr Allen
A, for Honolulu.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Feb 23— stmr Whites
boro, hence Feb 22.
GREENWOOD-Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Green
woo 1. hence Feb 22.
CASPAR-Arrived Feb 23-Stmr Jewel, hence
Feb 22.
S USAL— Arrived Feb 22-Stmr Navarro, hence
Feb il. .--",•; r- . i -.<-.
KAN DON— .ailed Feb 22— Schr Eureka, for San
Frauds o. -■-.."
RKDONDO-Arnved Feb 23— Stmr Caspar, inn
Caspar. - - .-«« ' '.
. 1 OKAYS HARBOR— Suited fab -22— pbcbr * De
fender, for san Francisca : - . t;
Arrived Feb 22-scnr Fannie Adele, from Santa
Rosalia.
REDONDO— •'ailed Feb 23-Stmr Caspar ' -
TaTOOsH- Passed Feb 23-Bktn -kagit, from
San Pedro for Port Gamble.
FORTHADLOCK-Sailea Feb 23-Bktn Port
land, lor san Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK- Arrived Feb S.mr Advance,
from Colon. 7
Foreign Porte. -7 '•'-."'■
VALPARAISo-Arnved Jan 14-Chil ship Te
muco rrom Port Blakeley.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 20— Br bark Emble
ton. from Victoria.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 23-Bchr Wm
Bowden, for Honolulu.
DL'NGENES 1— Passed Feb 20— Br ship Jane
Eurrili. hence Oct 17, for Hull.
PORTLAND BILL- Passed Feb 10-Br shin
Jordan Hill, hence Sept 27, for Dunkirk.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Feb 19— Br stmr Queen
Olea for Bombay. , **.-.< .-.. . "* * D "
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11— Br stmr Tacoma
from Victoria.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb 20-Br ship Star of
Russia, for San Francisco: Br bark Cambrian, for
Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 20— Hal bar*
Orlente, hence Sept 21. . *-_.-•. *«T.i
Sailed Feb 20— Fr bark Louis Pasteur, for West
port.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived Feb 19— shin Carra
dale, hence -sept 25. *," *-»«••
LON DON -Arrived Feb 21— Br ship Gleendoon.
hence Oct 18; Ger bark Rohlila, from Novo- B.
ship Balclutha. hence Oct 13. ;.-*-*7. ■'* *
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.'
NEW. 't)XK- Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Prussia,
from Hamburg: stmr Norge, from Copenhagen
Sailed Feb 23— stmr ree. for Bremen. •
MO VILLE— Arrives! out Feb 23— Stmr Furnes
sia.
B A VEN- Arrived out Feb 23-Stmr
Weimar.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Feb 21— Stmr Co
lumbia, en route to Alexandria.
HAMBURG— Safted Feb 22— Stmr Persia, for
New York.
ILLY— Passed Feb 22— Stmr Havel, from
New York, for Southampton.
' Importations.
SAN DIEGO— Per Queen— 4 pkgs mdse, 1 organ,
2 cans asphaltum, I bx disinfectant, 4 bxs type, 1
sk dried trult, 1 bx raisins, 1 bale rugs, 2 ca clocks,
664 bxsoram-es, 338 bxs lemons, 1 crt machlneiy,
8 cs honey, 2 cs fancy gooas, 1 bx hats, 1 bx bees
wax. 19 ska walnuts, 3 bxs limes, 4 bxs grace
fruit. . .. ;•-.;. •
Redondo— 2 sks chilles, 90S bxs oranges, 1 bx G
fruit, _,s bxs lemons. 2 cs shoes, 68 bxs lemons, 1
cs furnishing goods, 1 sk cement, 8 pcs plows, 17
kess 8 okgs spikes. 1 bdl hose, 3 pkgs drugs, 1 bJI
pine. 18 pkgs mdse. '.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l chst tea. 3
cs cartridges. 106 bxs oranges, 114 bxs lemons, 1
pkg machinery. 942 bdls hides, 5 pkgs mdse. V
Port Los Angeles— l ma*, tea, 3 bxs tomatoes, a
bxs oranges- X
Santa Barbara— l bx lemons, 2 pkgs palm leave*
Port Harford— 2 pkgs mdse, 38 bxs butter, 5 -is
type, 6. cs eggs, 11 dressed calves, 1 coop pigeons,
2 coops chickens, 41 sks dried fruit, 5 bxs fish.
EUREKA— Per North Fork— ll sks gluestock,
54 sks peas. 2 bb.s whisky, 5 oil tanks, 1 coop
chickens, 17 bxs apples, 4 c's fish, 160 M shingles.
170 M ft lumber. 25 M shakes. .
. PORTLAND— I'er Stated California— l74o pkgs
paper, 91 bdl« green hiaei, 257 cs boots aid shoes.
2 pkgs express. 2 coops chickens, 30 bxs fish, 3SBts
sks potatoes. 70S sks onions. 8800 qr-sks 1988 hf
sks 20H pales 860 gunnies flour. 600 sks middlings,
355. aks wheat, 75 sks rice, 500 cs salmon, 13 M
ft maple lumoer. -
-C.V.7.C Consignees.
Per State of California— Thomas Loughran: W J
Murray & Co; L Scatena A CO; J C Neppach: J L
Waldron: H Duiard: A Pallles: Dalton lirus; J A
Van Katon; Moore, Ferguson A Co : Allen A Lewis:
Erlanger A Gallnger; Otis, McAllister A Co: Oregon
Irull aid Produce CO; D E Allison A Co: T.;e 'dor.
Da vies: Bai four, Guthrie A Co; Geo Morrow A Co:
J II New batters. Co; L Jacobs; L Jag. nr; A L-vy
st Co; McDonough de Runyon: Wolf A son: D I
Russell: Parrott sfc Co; 1" J McGowati A -o.is: A
8 smith: White Bros; M A Wagner: Hills Bros:
Wells, Fargo & Co: Daroee A Is-rut-l 0 Hinton;
Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; Fogarty A Parker:
G CamillonlsfcCo; Buckingham, Hecht A Co: J W
Ga c A CO: Bisslnger A Co; S H Fran** * CO: C
Carison; Crown Paper Co; Smith's Cash Store;
Foard A Stokes. ... . _
■Per Nortn Fork-Califprnla Glue Works: Lisas
Nelson: Marshall. Teggart st Co : Milaui&Lp; A
Shutter: A Paladin! : F Chevalier A Co; B L*lto;
Standard Oil Oo ; Braunschweiger A Co. _. _>a.ie
mand sfc Co . _,_, ,,_.„. _•.»,,_.
Per Queen-Amer Press Assn: A 11 IM >* < has
Jacobso.; Dairymen's Unlo. : H klrchmann & Co.
Marshall A Keitners; «"■» "^fl"?,^ " :
A mer Carb Acid Gas Co: UK Wittß * ' *>: V »■,
Roun A Co- F B Haight: Wheaton, Breon _ Co. S
Levy & Co: Norton, Teller Co; Wit-el A Baker;
American Union Pish Co: Garcia* M ni: Lou's
•!?"» Sanders * Co; Hills Bros La.or 1i.,
--ciis"?- Dodsp-e swe-ne-*i Co: J lvancovicn * c -:
Goodall'. Perkins A Co; BodM jQJSf&ftt&H
r.in.fe CO- J B liKU-iia: L D, Stone .fc Co; J M/ur
r-sv &CO- L Scatena A Co : Goodall, Perkins* A Io;
OCamllloni A Co; De Bernardl-t Co; J'Murr. 1;
Co- Lscateuasfc Co: H Heck man A Co; Caitrorl: »
Na'vicatlon and Imp Co: eatinghouse Et*-ctl-ic
Co* Cabn, Nlckelsburg A Co: Lievre, Frlcke A C%;
O B Culver; Gray A Barblerl; M Fsanklin A _.ros:
A J Blmniel: Giant Powder Co; Wolf sfc Son: H
A Moore: Dunham, Carrigan A Co: Boston Woven
Hose CO: McDonough A Runyon; Slauffer ' h*>ml
cal Works: I- C Dailey; BJ Batch elder: CSRC
(-rant: W sfc J 81oane Co : Nash A Boesenecker;
Ban Francisco Brewery Co; J p Thomas George
B Starr sfc Co; A Galll Fruit Co: OKA X Co: HO
Greenhood: J Demartlni -too; Eyeleth A N'ash:
Neustadter Bros; Levi Spiegel sfc Co: Lamsen store
S Co.BIG VALUE OF A
PISTOL PERMIT
Granted* by Mayor Davie
'■. to a Man Returning
to Italy.
Frank Angeli Was Taken in
Italy for an American
0 ficial.
Judge Wood Highly Amused at the
Stofy Told by the turned
v Tray l.r.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Feb. 23. J
F/ank Angeli returned from Italy yes
terday and told Judge Wood this morning
a most remarkable story of the effect on
Italian officials of an Oakland permit to
carry a revolver.
..A few months ago Angeli wanted to re
turn home and visit his native land. He
seemed 'to have the idea that all manner
pf difficulties requiring heroic settlement
might be met with between California
and sunny Italy. He told his troubles to
Judge Wood and asked for permission to
- carry a revolver. Angeli was told that as
soon as he got outside the city limits the
v permit would avail him nothing. But he
persisted in his request.
Judge Wood took him to Mayor Davie
and explained the situation, and to satisfy
him a permit was given him which was
signed by the Mayor and the Judge. An
geli went to Italy and returned a couple
of days ago. He went to Judge Wood and
told the following tale:
"I had no difficulty about a passport,"
said Angeli; "wherever 1 went I showed
-my permit, and it was at once accepted.
Customs officials looked at it, and after
reading it bowed most politely to me and
made it appear as though it were a per
sonal favor of me to pass on and not re
quire them to search my trunks or ask me
lor other papers. When 1 got home every
body examined this piece of paper, and at
once I noticed that they thought I was a
very prominent man. I did not under
stand why this was so, and think the
Judge and the Mayor must have made a
.mistake and given mesometningelse than
a permit to carry a pun. I cannot read
the English on my pap»r, but I had some
one write it for me in Italian."
•*■•' being greatly interested in the man's
sti.ry, Judge Wood and the Mayor care
fully examined the permit to-day and
found that Angeli. in order to have mat
ters straight and avoid any possible diffi
culty, had requested a friend who could
.read English to write on the back the fact
that it was attested by the Mayor and the
: Police Judge. The frien^l, either for a
; juke, or through ignorance, had written
something which made it appear that
' An_eli was the Mayor and Police Judge
■ Of the city of Oakland, and on this show
.ing he- appears to have received many
-faVors". Neither Judge Wood nor the
. Mayor is yet able to explain why a permit
.* ty carry a pistol in Oakland should have
been considered of any value, even with
.'an Italian indorsement, outside its boun
daries, but Ange'i was evidently telling
•' tin* truth, and Hie oiliciais consider that
the joke is one of the best yet reported.
;; : .-NEW ATHLETIC COMPACT. |
"When Ratified Will Go Into Effect— The
Field Day.
."BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23.— A new
compact to govern athletic contests b3
tWeen Stanford University and the Uni
versity of California until January 1, 1900.
has been drawn up by representative ath
letes of botn institutions, and will, upon
; ratification by the executive committees
of the Palo Alto and the Berkeley student
bodies, go into operation for the present
seaon.
This year's very important intercollegi
ate field day will take place in this city on
April 17.
- In addition to the set rules formulated,
tbe committees discussed and expressed
opinions on other athletic matters affect
- ing intercollegiate snort The University
of Caliiornia representative- suggested
the propriety of doing away with Eastern
fodtball coaches, but Stanford saw no
good reason for changing the present plan,
and there the matter was left.
Stanford's three representatives at this
conference, which was held at the Uni
versity Club on Saturday evening, were
Football Captain and present Senior-
Class President Charles M. Fickert, who
was chairman of the meeting; ex-Football
Manager, ex-Track Captain and present
.Track Manager Dave E. Brown, and
••Heff" Williams, the Varsity center rush.
Berkeley's three representatives were
Professor George C. El wards; ex-Football
Manager and ex-Varslty-Tackle George F.
Rei.nnardt, who acted as secretary of the
meeting, and ex-Track Captain and Foot
ball Manager-elect Everett Brown, a
brother of Stanford's star mile runner,
and a mile runner himself.
This committee recommended that
"When circumstances permit there shall
.be an annual intercollegiate boat race."
The wording of tbis recommendation is
plainly a victory for Stanford inasmuch
as Berkeley had continually demanded
tat her rival come to time with a crew,
liie the Palo Alto men have auietly
serted that conditions at present mate
. a t- racing an impossibility for Stanford.
Three special amendments were made
to the football agreement. The annual
freshman intercollegiate mate.i is to be an
'established event. The list of contestants
111 intercollegiate football shall not here
after exceed sixty names from each uni
versity. Special or limited students not
carrying at least ten hours' work (ten
recitations or hour lectures a week) or not
having to their credit ten hours' work on
'such basis for one term shall not be
allowed to compete in intercollegiate foot-
Ball.
The athletic compact to be in effect dur
ing the next three years is as follows:
All agreements arrived at by this committee
shall be subject to approval byjrespeeuve com
mittees represented, and when approved by
them shall be binding.
No regular student, taking less than five
hours' work, shall be allowed to compete in
any intercollegiate contest.
Special limited students not carrying at
least ten hours' work and not having to their
credit ten hours' worh shall not be allowed to
compete in any intercollegiate contest.
No student who is a member of another edu
cational institution snail be allowed to com
pe*e in any intercollegiate contest.
Students in any department not requiring
auy entrance qualifications shall be consid
ered a* special students.
No person shall be allowed to compete in the
"H.-ne character of intercollegiate contests lor
more than four year*. This shall not be con
strued to include years in which students did
■ not participate iv such contests.
No graduate -hall compete in any contest
for more than one year.
i No student shall be permitted to compete in
atiy intercollegiate contest who has entered
hi- college later than thirty days irom the be
grinning of the term or semester in which said
i/p.. litest takes place.
' Lists of contestants for any intercollegiate
athletic contest shall be exchanged by the re
spective captains not later tban three weeks
bef-re such contest. Said lists shall not ex
ceed 100 names in track and field contests
and sixty names in other athletic contests.
Tbe athletic committees of tbe faculties of
the respective universities stall. t» the courts
of appeal in cases relating to challenged cm
testants. _■"•" . _ ' ; .
bnen challenge shall be made not later than
**»« week before said teat.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Teams from LeHnd Stanford Jr. University
and from the University of California shall
contest annually in the following: Football,
baseball, tenuis, track ana field athletic.
Th** rules of the Amateur Athletic Union
of tbe C. ited States shall govern all contests.
Events In tract and field contests shall be
such as are prescribed by the Intercollegiate
Association ot the United States; provided,
that the bicycle event shall consist of one two
mile race.
Th< re shall be an annual meeting of a joint
committee of three from each university, to
bo held oetween the 15 and the 28th ot Feb
ruary.
This compact shall terminate January 1,
1900. - *'•■*'
At the annual meeting to be held in Febru
ary, 1899, a new compact shall be drawn up
to take the ilace of this on its expiration.
Ilu-- agreement cannot be amended for a
period of five yenrs, except by the mutual con
sent of both parties.
OPEN THE CAR WINDOWS.
Cuspidors un the Local Trains "Would
_*c a Nuisance — Chinese Protest
Against Exorbitant Licenses.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 23.— C. H. Fos
ter has been putting some pertinent ques
tions that have been the thoughts of
others for many days. His theme is the
expectorating ordinance in connection
with the local trains. He is anxious to
see some reforms instituted in the line in
dicated.
The Laundry License.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 23.— The Chi
nes laundrvmen will not allow the Board
of Trustees to pass the ordinance requiring
a license of $100 per quarter, without mak
ing a fight. To-day they filed a protest
through Attorney Wiggins with the City
Clerk.
Alainedn City Brevities.
The Young Ladies' Auxiliary of St Agnes
Guhd will give a muslcale at the chapel of
Christ's Church on Tuesday evening, the 7th.
The material for the Gamewell storage fire
alarm system has arrived and will be put in
place the last of the week.
Librarian J. W. Harbourne went to Sacra
mento last night in behalf of the bill making
Library Trustees elective instead of «p
--pointsd.
A. L. Perkins has been appointed a deputy
County Clerk for registration purposes only,
lie will have hip; oflice at H. P. Mureal A Co.'s.
WAIT TO RECONSIDER.
Are Politics Overshadowed by
the Sunday - Closing
Question ?
Frickstad-'s Attempt to Undermine
Thomas Has Acted as a Boom*
.ran;.
Oakland Office Sau Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 23. J
The fight over the closing of the saloons
on Sunday is now the most important
feature in politics. Bo intense has become
the feeling over thi. question that every
thing else is subordinated to it, and any
candidate who will uncompromisingly
declare than he is in favor of Sunday
closin., and will so vote, could certainly
command an enormous block of votes.
Ex-President Walter G. Manuel, one of
those who voted against submitting the
question to the people alter promising to
do so, pubiisbod a long letter to-day in
which he made some replies to tbe min
isters' severe criticisms of last Sunday,
and declares bis willingness if a special
meeting of the Council be called to change
his vote and let tbe people decide the
matter. Mr. Manuel's explanation is in a
great measure a vindication of his action,
and he declares that he had no idea that
so many people wanted the question sub
mitted to tbem, otherwise he would cer
tainly have favored it.
He declares that he has been grossly
misrepresented from tbe pulpits and that
his record during four years should be
considered.
Manuel has asked President Mott to
call a special meeting of the Council in
order to reconsider the question, but Mr.
Mott has not yet consented to do no. It
is reported this afternoon that the Pro
testant ministers will hold a meeting at
once and discuss the methods which it is
considered advisable to pursue in their
campaign against the saloons.
It was reported that the ministers would
at this mcc ing support Captain Thomas
for Mayor, but this statement is prema
ture, as no such decision has been ar
rived at.
During the past week a circular signed
by T. C. Frickstadt and addressed to the
voters of Oaklaud has been freely circu
lated and sent to the newspaper offices,
containing an attack upon Captain W. R.
Thomas, Republican candidate for Mayor.
The story is that of an old real estate deal
and has been amply refuted on every pos
sible occasion during the past lour years.
There was some trouble at the time be
tween Frickstadt and Thomas, and at
Frickstadt's request it was mutually
agreed to leave the matter to a committee
of his own selection, . who reported that
after as exhaustive an investigation as
possible they unhesitatingly exonerated
Messrs. Benham and Thomas, and this
opinion was concurred in years ago by
Judge Havens, Frickstadt's attorney.
Under these circumstances common de
cency would have suggested that Frick
stadt should have let the matter rest, es
pecially as he himself sustained all that
Mr. Thomas had said by placing the
property on the market under precisely
the same conditions under which it was
represented to him.
This underhand attempt to injure the
Republican candidate has helped rather
than hurt Captain Thomas' cause..
The Republican City Central Commit
tee hat indorsed Gl es H. Gray to nil the
vacancy for School D rector caused by the
resignation of Dr. McMullin. Mr. Gray
will not appear on the ticket as the Re
publican candidate, as it is too late to
make the change, but the fact will be
borne in mind that every vote for Dr. Mc-
Mullin is wasted. 7 „
The Portuguese Central Republican Club
of Oakland will hold its regular meeting
on Wednesday, tne 24th inst., in its hall
on Pacific street, near Campbell. Tne ex
ecutive committee has invited alt the
Republican candidates to be present F
J. Cunha is chairman and A. 0. Perry sec
retary of the club. . .
There will be a mass-meeting of the
People party at Hanson Hall, Went Oak
land, to-morrow evening. J. A . Hennessv
will call the meeting to order at 7:30 and
the following popular candidates will
make addresses: S. Goodenough J v
Peirsol, J. B. McMath, J. F. Galimann. J.
L. Maynard. ' '
An effort is being made to-night to se
cure sufficient signatures to a call lor a
special meeting of tho City Council on
Thursday evening. It is the desire oi some
of the members who opposed it a week
ago, to now submit the question of Bun
day closing to the voters at the municipal
election. Councilman Brosnahan stated
to-night that the law requiring the clerk
to begin mailing sample ballots ten days
belore tbe election would forestall any
such action. To-morrow is the ten' h day
before March 2 and Clerk Tompkins is
compelled by law to begin the mailing of
sample ballots before night.
He Slapped Her Face.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— Franklin R.
Weider filed an answer to his wife's cross
complaint in a divorce suit and denies her
charges, but admits that he slapped her
face, colled her a flirt and pulled the table
cloth and dishes from the table, but that
it was no: done to anncy her. He denies
being cruel to her or their son, aged 13.
TO CCItJB A COLD IN OX IS DAY.
lake laxative BromoQulnine Tablets. All drug
gist- refund the money it it falls to euro, 2&0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,- FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
WHO SHOULD HAVE
LEFT THE HOUSE?
Earlston and His Brother
in-Law Both Claim the
Same Home.
Both Will Tell Their Romances
to the Court Next
Week.
Mrs. Earlston Drew Much Sympathy
to Herself When De
serted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 23. J
Robert Earlston, the aeronaut, was in
.Judge Clift's court this morning and the
case against him was set for trial next
Tuesday.
The aeronaut is charged by Robert
! Smith with having used a pistol in the
Aeronaut Ear!ston and His Wife, Who Claim They Have Been
Driven From Their Home.
latter's house. The warrant was , served
on Earlston and he now replies with a
story that Smith recently ran away with
tbe wife of bis uncle and that he ordered
him to leave the home in East Oakland
because he (Earlston) did not countenance
tbe action and was in sympathy with the
husband whom Smith is said to have de
ceived. ,i;- ; *'. : v v - # *v ».'"■? ;."..*' . . . •
Earlston declares that he never used a
pistol in his arguments with Smith, al
though tbe latter has sworn to a warrant
on that ground.
"I married Smith's sister," said Earl
ston, "and soon afterward 1 asked him to
come and live with me. The home in
East Oakland is my own and no mother
in-law bas a claim on it, as Smith de
clares. I was glad to have him there un
til he went to Rio Vista and came back
with a wife. Neither myself nor wife have
ever seen the woman before, but we
thought nothing wrong about it until I
happened to run across Thomas Smith
and learned that his wife was in my bouse.
I went home and asked Smith to leave. I
did so in a gentlemanly way, ana he
talked back, declining to do as I ordered,
so I grabbed him, intending to throw him
out. He begged off and said he would
leave as soon as he could.
"He went right down to the. Justices'
court and swore out a warrant for roe, and
now tbe court has forbidden me to visit
my own home until the matter is settled.
Smith is still there and I suppose the aunt
from Rio Vista is also there, and when the
case comes to trial I will have no difficulty
in proving my innocence."
Smith declares that the house is his and
that Earlston bad not been behaving him
self and *-»" ordered to leave. A few
months ago Earlston, who had only been
married a few weeks, left his young wife
and for a time she did not know where he
was. Sbe told a pitiful story of desertion
and much sympathy was shown for ber.
and it was not known until this case came
up that the aeronaut bad returned.
He made a record last summer by his
many ascensions at Blair Park and Ban
Lorenzo, and more than once the effect of
the ascension was considerably height
ened by the fainting of bis wi.e, who used
to swoon just when her husband was do
ing his horizontal-bar trick before leaving
the balloon in his parachute.
The De-da Nearly Heady.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— City Attor-
OAKLAND'S NEW ENGINE-HOUSE.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 23.— The first of the handsome new engine-hou.-es that
are to be built is nearly ready for occupancy on Sixth street It is a brick struc
ture and contains all the appliances and conveniences of a modern -fire-engine
house. All the engine houses in the city are old wooden structures, and many of
them are unfit for habitation by the firemen. One or two new brick: and stone
houses will be included in the estimate each year until all have been rebuilt. '^ ; '
nev Per.-ol bas passed upon the deeds of
the various portions of land for the West
Oakland park site and after few minor
changes are made ii is expected they will
be signed to-morrow and the purchase
price paid by the Board of Public Woaks.
SUPERVISORS FALL . OUT.
Tliey Totally lenore the Chairman or
the Hospital Committee
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 23.— bar
mony that has distinguished the new
Board of Supervisors was most rudely
broken to-day. The matter came to a
crisis over a discussion regarding rules for
the government of the hospital. ■■ : "< .'-Y.v ':
A set of new rules was read by the clerk,
and Mr. I-oetb, who was chairman of the
Hospital Committee, demanded to know
who prepar.d them. Mr, Church stated
that they were prepared by the physician,
upon which Mr. Roeth declared that it
was a matter belonging to the Hospital
Committee and that he did not intend to
be ignored. Mr. Wells was of the opinion
that tbe physician understood the needs
of the hospital and snould control it,
whereupon Mr. Roeth said that the new
rules were an effort to cover up matters in
the hospital which the public should
know. The object of it, he declared, is to
shut out reporters and to take from the
steward the maintenance of the place.
Mr. Church said: "I am not playing to
the gallrrv as Roeth is, and any one who
says that I am trying to cover up anything
tells a willful falsehood."
On the vote being taken the rules were
adopted, Roeth being the only dissenter.
Viewing the Proposed Lines.
OAKLAND. Cat., Feb. 23.— The execu
tive committee of the annexation com
mittee made a circuit of the proposed ad-
dition yesterday and met with many re
quests to take in additional property. The
explanation of this lies in the fact, tbat
they believed that if they were not taken
in tbey would be compelled to form, a
sanitary district. The committee started
at 10 a. m. and made the trip by 3 p. m
The course taken was as follows:
Beginning at San Pablo avenue and narrow
gauge railroad, thence to the junction of the
town of Emeryville, and T- mescal Creek,
thence north to the town of Berkeley, thence
along the line of the Adeline Sanitary District,
through lower Claremont, across to Broadway
to Piedmont, along the western line of the
ceiiu-ter.es, ending their trip at Linda Vista.
On Wednesday evening a meeting to fix
the lines, will be held, and it is probable
that in Piedmont the line will divide the
district, leaving out those cios- to the
cemetery who do not want to come in nor
form a sanitary district.
Lieutenant Cobbledick Explains.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— Lieutenant
Cobbledlck of the Boys' Brigade says that
there is no comfltct between Trustee Wat
son of the Eighth-avenne M. E. Church
and Company D. Boys' Brigade, over the
recent flae-rai-ing. Mr. Cobbledick says:
"The official board appointed a commit
tee to confer witb a like committee from
the company, who arranged all the de
tails. One of the church trustees, J. W.
Watson, a competent mechanic, objected
to tbe manner tbe contractor was placing
the pole, and merely insisted that it be
placed in a more substantial position,
which was done without any trouble.
The affair was erroneously reported by an
officer of this company, who had no au
thority to state what be did. Tne best of
feeling prevails between the members of
the company and the church, and the boys
have never tried in any manner to resist
our authorities." . -v.- 1 • ,-7'- '
Jumped Ills Ball.
OAKLAND. Cat... F b. 23.— Antonio
Devcnce.zi forfeited $50 ball in the Police
Court this morning, and it is believed he
has left the city. He whs an Italian -cav
enger, who sold his route to the Garbage
Crematory Company and bad been work
ing for them. He was accused of stealing
John Mott's overcoat while taking the
refuse from tbe basement of Wistover's
store. Devencenzi was accused of mur
dering Felice Varni near Elmhurst more
than a year ago, but was acquitted.
Paulael.'a Next rial.
W. E. Paulsell, charged with robbing a faro
batik, "ill have his second trial in Judge
; Cook's court on the Oth of next month.
DITCHED ENGINE
AND SIX CARS
A Bowlder Wrecks a
Freight Train Near
Midway.
Fireman Seymour Badly In
jured — Emp'oyes Nar
rowly E-capsd.
The Heavy Vehicles Roll Over an
Embankment Into the Mud.
Wreckers at Woik
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— The loco
motive and six cars of a freight train
rolled over an embankment and landed in
a ditch twenty-five feet beiow the track,
one mile west of Midway this afternoon.
The cause of the accident was a bowl
der on the track at a road crossing, which
derailed the locomotive, and it pulled
over six cars before the couplings broke.
Fireman C. J. Seymour saved his life by
jumping at a critical moment and was
badly hurt about the head. ' Engineer
Meade escaped through the window of the
cab as the locomotive was rolling down
the embankment, and both men had re
markably narrow escapes.
An extra freight train left West Oakland
this morning bound for Tracy. It con
sisted of eleveft cars, most of them being
empiy. The train did some way business-,
but all went well till Midway was ap
proached. When about one mile this side
of that station, which is between Liver
more and Tracy, the locomotive struck a
bowlder and was instantly derailed.
The train at that time was only going
at a moderate rate of speed, and wbon the
wheels -truck they ran for a little dis
tance b-fore goin • over the embankment.
The locomotive and cab rolled down and
landed in tbe ditch in different direc
tions and the cars piled on top. Six of
the cars, forming the largest . part of the
train, were pulled over into the ditch
before the coupling broke.
The wreckers say that it is one of the
worst messes they have ever tackled, as
the ditch is soft and muddy and the em
bankment at that point is not well fitted
for the heavy forking of the wrecking
crane.
The wreck occurred in the hilly district
beyond lAltamont, The track in this
neighborhood is a successionof curves and
the freight was only makingslow. time, as
on account of the rains the track is soft
and necessitates slow travel.
Engineer Meade says that the bowlder
that caused all the trouble was no bigger
than a child's head and he is surprised
that it was not crushed off the track with
out any one being any the wiser lor it.
"We were going along very cautiously,"
he said. "Tim track at that point is about
twenty-five feet high and it is all curves,
and after heavy rains we always go slowly
and keep a good lookout I knew noth
ing till I felt a bnmp and as soon as 1
threw the lever over the engine began
to wobble.
"The bowlder was on the track on tho
fireman's side. We had not much way on
us, but we forged ahead some after strik
ing, and then the locomotive took a
tumble to the left and rolled over. I hung
on for a moment or two, but seeing bat
another twist might mean being crushed,
I scrambled through the window and got
on to tbe bank. I don't want another ex
perience like that in my lifetime."
Fireman C. J. Seymour is badly cut
about the bead and bruised. He was on
the cab, and as soon as be saw that his
engine was going to tumble over he
jumped on the bank. He narrowly es
caped being crushed beneath the engine,
but scrambled in tbe mud and got out of
the wreck with some cuts on the head and
several bruises. ."• _ ...■ '••;;"• 7 '..
Conductor Martin was in the part of the
train that did not leave the track, and be
yond a shaking up he was not hurt.
Brakeman Clark was on the top of one
of toe cars tbat was ditched, and when he
saw that his car was doomed he partly
jumped and partly fell to the bank, and
thus escaped going down with the wreck.
. Some of the boxcars were loaded with
ties, and there were also two fiatcars piled
up with bricks.
All these were pulled down with the en
gine before the coupling broke. Had not
he coupling been broken when it did
there is no doubt but tbat the whole train
would have gone into the ditch.
As soon as tne news of the accident was
sent to the pier the wrecking train was
sent to the wreck, and when it arrived the
crew saw at once that they had a big job
ahead of them.
Everything was in a heap and the loco
motive was partly on its side and partly
on end and had sunk quite a distance into
the mud. The six cars were badly smashed
and were thrown in all directions. They
were so far awny from the track that the
wreckage crane had difficulty in working,
and owing to the manner in which the
wrecked locomotive and cars were lying
it was not easy to recover them.
Up to midnight the wreck had not been
cleared away, and it was reported that the
wrecking train could not po^Bibly com
plete its work at/d return before the morn
ing. After the track had* been cleared
and repaired the passenger trains came
through, although delayed for a few
hours. -■> ;-■
LONG CAREER OP CRIME.
Coin-Sweater Dickey's Cache Was Dis
covered by a Paper- Carrier.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23 — S. R. Dickey
and Frederick Bate, the two coin-sweaters
in the County Jail, will be arraigned to
morrow. -V>'>,
Dickey has an interesting history that
has been unearthed by Secret Service
Agent Harris. His family are well-to-do
and own a large ranch near Napa. Last
July a boy who carries papers through
the valley while crossing the Dickey ranch
■aw the prisoner hiding something under
a fence.
The boy concealed himself, and when
the man had gone away he unearthed the
treasure. It proved to be small molds,
and the newsboy took one of them to the
constable of Napa and told him how he
obtained it. Sometime later the con
stable notified Detective Harris.
Meanwhile Dickey had discovered that
his cache had been disturbed, so he dug
up the molds and took them to Secret Ser
vice Agent Harris in San Francisco. He
said he had found them in his field and
that they, probably belonged to a wood
chopper named Virgin, then in Alaska.
Frederick Blite, Dickey's present mate,
is unknown to the Secret Service. Ha
has been living with Dickey for some
t me. Blite is a member of Harmony
Lodge, A. O. U. W., and as such holds a
life insurance policy. He has signed over
ois interest in the policy to D'ckey, on
condition that the fatter .maintain him
during life. Dickey had fulfilled this sin
gular contract* with sweated coin' and
both are now in trouble.
In addition to all this notoriety D'ckey
was in love with "Dr. Addle Swain" of
San Francisco,' but she stated to-day that
ibe love was all on the one side. It is in
timated that Dickey will plead guilty, but
Blite will demand a trial.
..:*. H-nsba-r and the New Railroad.
OAKLAND, Cal., Fet>. 23.—Vice-presi
i dent W. G. Henshaw of the Union Saving's
:'»'.': , -;-';' - ' .'..'■
Auction Sales
COMPLETE STOCK OF (ROCERIES
TO BE SOLD THIS DAY,
Wednesday February 24, 1897
At 11 o'clock a. si., a:
1057 MARKET S.*.. OPP. JONES,
COKSISTINO OF
Over $4000 worth of clean new goods ln staple
and fancy articles. . This s ock is the most com-
plete and comprises the finest line of groceries
ever offered for sale at public auction, and .we
recommend all buyers to inspect this sto.k before
the sale takes place Ihecanned goods bear the
names and are put np br the best known houses in
the country, and all Imported goods are of superior
brands, in fact the stock taken as a whole Ls of a
very fine selection.
1 Indiana auction ca,';.:';*
7-." »; H. J. LKUTH'^LTZ, Auctioneer.
1057 Markets*., opp. J'lnes.
Bank returned from an Eastern trip of five
weeks to-day. He asserts that the financial
situation is greatly improved in the East
and tbat there is plenty of money ready to
be invested. He declares that the reor
ganization of the Santa Fe and -purchase
of it by the A lantic and Pacific people
means & connection with the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Railroad. He de
nies that his visit had anything to do with
the proposed street railroad syndicate.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— Next Thurs
day evening Louis James will appear in
"Spartacus," with the full strength of his
company. Already there is a large de
mand for seats.
THEIR SWELL COTILLON.
Society Ball Given in Harmon Gym
niMiiim at tbe State University,
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. What was
probably the swellest society function ever
held at the State University took place to
night at Harmon Gymnasium. It was the
"annual university cotillon."
Leading society buds and beans to the
number of 200 made up the coterie of
dancers.
Nearly all tbe Greek letter fraternities
entertained guests for the night, and sev
eral of the persons present came from
even as far as Los Angeles.
The patronesses ot the affair were: Mrs.
President Martin Kellogg, Mrs. John R.
Glascock, Mrs. Frank M. Wiison and Mrs.
W. F. McNutt. The committee in charge
consisted of Clinton R. Morse, O. T.
Wedemeyer, F. S. Knight. L. M. Rob
bins, John S. Merrill and W. H. Smith Jr.
Af.er a number of assembly dances,
partners for the german were selected.
The first of the three figures danced was
the "U. C." march, devised by "Brick"
Morse. By a series of tortuous convolu
tions the letters "U" and "C" were worked
out. Having .. formed the letters, tbe
dancers stopped and gave the university
yell. "Brick" Morse led, assisted by Will
Smith and Otto Wedemeyer. - '.7"'";
In the first set were: Miss Ethel Cook and
C. K. Morse, Miss Marie Messer and Otto Wede
meyer, Miss Gertrude Bates and William ii.
Smith. Miss Florence Stone and L M. Bobbins,
Miss Bernlce Bates and John & Merrill; A. F.
Williams, Miss Alice Sprague and H. S. Button,
MTss Bernice Sanders and Fred Magee, Miss
Belle Mhoon and Brockway Metcaif, Miss Bess
Bonsell and Ray Sherman, Miss Haven and
Selah Chamberlain.
In the second set were: Miss Ida Belle
Palmer and Tom Bishop, Miss Nettie IS. act
and Rus-ell Selfridge, Miss Ethel Pomroy and
Will 0. Russell, Miss Kate Salisbury and E. T.
Houghton, Mis- Edith Merry and B. P. Miller,
Miss Mamie Stubbs and Harold Parker, Miss
Liilie Strong and Fred Bixby. *
Broke His Collar-Bone.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23.— Thomas
H. Gilbert, a carpenter engaged on the
new postoffice building which is being
erected on Stanford place, fell from the
topmost ratters of the structure, a dis
tance of thirty-live feet, this morning and
fractured bis collar-bone, besides receiv
ing severe internal injuries. Up to a late
hour to-night he was not expected to live.
i He was clambering from one beam to an
other when he lost his balance ana fell,
I striking on the crosspiece of the second
floor. I.''!"
Berkeley-Belmont Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 23.— A baseball
game will be held on the university dia
mond to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
between the Berkeley nine and the Bel
mont team. ..
( Harmony Ha. l's Ticket.
ALAMEDA, Cal, Feb. 23.— 1t took
nearly an all-night session for the Har
mony Hall Non-par. to nominate a
ticket to-night. The vote was not com
plete at la. M. Captain H. A. Thompson
served as chairman nnd Messrs. Henry
Mueller and H. L. Rae secretary and
assistant. The platform adopted and in
dorsed by all the candidates was as fol
lows: !« :
We believe that a tax rate of 1 per cent is
ample to sustain the . city, government, and we
insist that the Board of City Trustees limit
their expenditures to such an amount as a $1
tax will permit.
We also think that great injustice h~s been
perpetrated on our citizens in raising the
assessed valuation of real estate two years
ago when there was no proportionate increase
in values. -■■ .
We »re in favor of municipal ownership of
gas, water and electric-light plants when the
voters have signified at an election that they
wish such ownership. ■
We believe that more attention should be
given to tho improvement of all roadways
leading to the settled pinions of our city and
within our city limit!;.
We hereby require all candidates pre
sented to this convention to indorse this plat
form. :>*.•- 'V
Fu Iy 350 people crowded the hall to
suffocation, and when the time came to
Vote slips of paper were parsed around on
which the name of the office was printed
and the number of candidates to be voted
for. Rosweli G. Wheeler. City Treasurer;
A. F. St. Sure, Recorder: E. Minor Smith,
Assessor, and 0. L. Rogers, Marshal,
were nominated without opposition, all
being incumbents except the Assessor.
Messrs. George S. Anie-*. John Lutgen,
Charles L Welter, George H. Mastick and
H. Tolk.n were nominated for Library
Trustees without opposition.
Murder and Suicide.
■ MISSOULA, Mont., Feb. 23.— Early this
morning William Morley, a gambler, shot
and killed his mistress, Blanche Renaud,
and shot but only slightly wounded Bes
sie McCune. He then jumped into the
river, where his frozen body was found
NEW TO-SAT.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR miflfcS OF Ml.:
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, hut when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
la no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until- it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid iv the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general, health, but enlarged "his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
be now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mail the information, but send for it and
learn that there are a few things onearih
that, although they cost nothing to get. aro
worth a iortuue to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas 81ater, box 2283, Kaiamasoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in » plain
|v»lej_eml_P_. ..
kiimw SALE.
Notice ls hereby Riven that on
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY).
The 34th I nay of February, 1897»
At 10 o'clock a. m., we will sell
The Hotel Known as th« New Washing-
,^ » p ton, 348 'our.h Street,
Comprising 120 Furnished Rooms, Earroom,
Dining-room and Kitchen. The above will be oi-
feied as a whole or in. small lots, to suit pur-
chasers. Home open for inspection up to date
of sale. . House in full runnlm- oner.
CHAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers.
CROC RY AUCTIOI.
THIS DAT (Wednesday), at 1 1 A. M.,
40 THIRD STKtiKT. NEAH MARKET.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer,
602 Market Street.
later. Morley formerly lived in Colorado,
and claimed to have escaped from the
penitentiary of either North or South
Carolina. _He was an intimate friend of
Frank Dresser, who murdered his wife
last week. . ":* 1; >f. '•- :: ".
H-ffernan, the Cotnedltt,,,' /lead.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Feb. 23.— Edward
J. Heffernan, the Irish comedian, died at
his home here yesterday. He Dad just
returned from a Western tour, when he
was taken down with pneumonia on
Wednesday. ;.'':•
hew to-dat: :
4~~ ill
WHISKEY
Five Years
In Wood
Bottling.
v mnil I 111
trCrn mf mm^ms* 9m^
411 Marketst.
San Francisco.
•^V JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
)3__et*^ < *- i '* KKAI:NY ' ST - Eitabllshed
ifflrlr^jßMtn 1554 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(J2SKEABNY-KT. Established
In IS">4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon bodyand mind and
•v^t'S^UHN "Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
j^J^v^Sj others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Curr-enaranteed. Callorwrite:.
Dr. J. V. uin-.„. Uo_:__s7. San Francisco.
p.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pa_X-|~_.~'_l 8. -. AUSTRALIA for
ft Alllflw HONOLULU only.
'TBI pp^ » * * Tuesday, Mre i 28,
.. B^^ "■ at _p. __ Special party
fp_i7__x-'i * > rates.
»iplirTKnin_) 'ihe **. ■•. ai.amkda
3_r(_)lwlllljlHP a/ fpnlls via HONOLULU
** ■' ' (^VOkXIVk-. « n(l AUCKLAND for
VS-Jllipyltq^ SYDNKV, Thursday.
v nrch 4, at 2 p. St.
Line to COOLO ARDIK, A ust.,and C APKTO
pßoath Africa.
J. D. SFRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
 . 114 Montgomery street
Freight Office, 327 Market ban Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA PIT/SIS First-class \ Including
m V J.IJU i _i;j Second-class /berth A meals
8-HEDUL-* OF SAILINGS:
State of California Feb. 27, filar 9. 19, 29
Columbia Mar A, 14, .4
Throagn tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Oene-al AgonU
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., superintendents
PACIFIC COASTJTEAfISfIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAY _/_j3j«
wharf, San Francisco, -as follows: mVsrtsS
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska) 1 , at 9 a. m., Fell. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C_), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Beilingbam Bay, Wash.). 9a. X.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R R., at Seattle with <i.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), sir. Pomona 2 P. St., Feb. 1, 6,9, 19.
17, 21. 2.1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Usvio'.pa, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Pan Pedro, East Sati
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. St.
Feb. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27. and every fourth
day thereafter.
: For san Diego, slopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1,5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter. '
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
-Paz and Ghaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. St. 25th of each month.
' Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. :
GOODALL, PERKINS <t CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisca
WHITE mR IHE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer.
BETWMM
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
bAILiM> tVEtti . \.tiiK. ;X ..
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD ACCORD- _Mt
lag to steamer and accommodations -m_H__!
selected ; second cabin, $12 60 and *. 1 50; Majesua
_____ Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmaric
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 013 Market .treat
tuoder Grand Hotel. G. w. FLETCHER,
i General Agent for Pacific Coast.
COMPAGSIE 6EI.ER.iL TRANSATLAJf Ii!i)2
French Line to Havra. . ■
COMPAN Y'S PIKR(NEW).42 NORTH _£___f_____
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by AOtmmWf
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parti,
first class $160. second class $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE..... Feb. 27, 8:30 _._:
LA UASt. (JUNE March (i. sa. __
LA BKKTAGNE March 13, B*. it.
LA NORMA.VDIE ..Marrn '.0, sa. it,
: A3" For further particulars apply to
A. FOBOET, Agent,
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Fiancis.o.
STOCKTOIf STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlna*ton St.,
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
to »:30 P. il.
83- Accommodations Reserved by Telephona.
The onl v linn seilln. through tickets and giving
through freight rates to ail polnia on Valla/
Railroad. BTKAMERS:
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D- Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
lelephone Main 80-. Cat. Nay. and Imp*. Co
FOR YALLEJO MD V. S. Ji.W-Y.4R1l
SFJ-AMEK ••MONTI CELLO."
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun- 10:30 a. St. and 4 p. x.
Saturdays — "10:30 a. St., A p. it.
Bunuays 8 r. mm
Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier %
Telephone Black 231.
•Trip gives tt hours asop at- Navy-Yard.
FOR SAiYJOSE, LOS (JATOS& SMUCRI'Z
STEAMER ALVISO LKAVEs PIER 1 MON
U^* ay '. r ;"«*y. »- 10 A. if. Alvi,,
'■ uesdar. Thursday. s«tr.r.lay, at 3P. m. Fiei.hi
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alvlao, 50c; to San Joaa. 75a- Clay ■_._?_._.
1112
SIMMONS FAILED
THE LAST PART
Played for a Good Thing
and Beaten by Good
Times-
Frank X Took Another Race
in a Very Hard Drive
From Elmer F.
Tbe Sinner Led His Field Oat at
OJds of 7 to i— T_a Rosa Fin
ished ia Last Position-
There was a very nervous feeling in the
betting market previous to one race run
at logleside yesterday. In the third
ev«nt, a five and a half furlong dash, with
the scale of weights raised ten pounds
above trie scale, were six starters. Good
Times, with 109 up, looked the most likely
of the lot, and opened up a 6 to 5 favorite.
The odds were no sooner posted against
Simmons than a wild rush was made to
get aboard, the price gradually dropping
from 5 to 2 to 6 to 5, while the odds
against Good Times, which had Cash
Sloan up, lengthened out to 9 to 5. As
the horses were going to the Dost Joe 1311
--man went down tho line on Good Times,
and the wise ones concluded that the big
Chicago bettor had suddenly become
bereft of his reason. The members of the
ring also bantered Joe considerable, but
be soon turned tbe tables, for Good Times
Droved a very gamy lobster. Catching
Simmons fifty yards from the wire, Cash
Sloan gave his mount one cut with the
whip, and, drawing away, he won cleverly
by half a length. Mr. Ullman will proba
bly do tbe joshing to-day when he cashes
his tickets. ■:.-■:. *
Another beautiful day greetel race
goers, but tbe attendance looked small
when compared with the immense throng
of the day preceding. Favorites were suc
cessful in but two in.taucee.
W. M. Hurry's gelding, . Nuncomar.
which in previous races bad shown high
turns of speed, was made favorite at odds
of 11 to 5 to win the opening five and a
half furlong .crumble, but ran like many
other favorites the Sacramento horseman
has turned out— back in the ruck. Thorpe
got Morven, the second choice, away in
iront of the bunch, and although siopoing
badly at the end, he mana. Ed to land bis
mount home a nose before the 20 to 1 out
sider Hazard. Brametta was a fair third.
The seven furlong, selling, run that fol
lowed was annexed by Ed Corrigan'
good sprinter Moylan, which was played
down to 7to 10 favoritism. Midlo at Bto
1 went out at a merry clip, leading to the
paddock, where T. Sloan shook the favor
ite up, and drawing away the first choice,
won cleverly by a head. Cabrillo, the
Second choice, was a bad third.
Fourth on the card was a mile and a
-sixteenth selling race, for which game
Frank X was back d down to a 3 to 5
favorite. The "magnificent old cripple"
won, but only through creat effort. The
15 to 1 outsider, Elmer F, ridden by Pig
gott. managed to torge to the front after
passing the stand and contrived to hold
bis advantage until within a few yards of
the wire, where the first choice, under
Willie Martin's hard urging, came on and
earned decision by a scant head in
1:50%. The Spreckels entry, Foremost,
Unified a good third.
The pretty little filly Tea Rose opened a
13 to 20 favorite in the bettine on the fifth
race, a six-furlong purse affair. She re
teded to 9 io 10, and. after leading to the
ttretcb, died away, finishing absolutely
last. In a mild drive Suiiun downed the
10 to 1 shot Nebula by over a length. The
(Baldwin entry, Naranja, ran a good race,
finishing a close-up third. ,* 7
_Stanfield's sprinter, George Miller, car
ried most of the backing in the last race of
the day, a five and a half furlong spin,
with light welter-weights up. The T.-xas
horse opened a 4 to 5 favorite, receding
later to 11 to 10. He appeared sore and
was never able to g-*t to the front. The
Sinner, at odds of 6 to 1, jumped away in
the lead, and was never canght, winning
ridden out from old Yemen, against
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Tuesday, February 23. Fifty-third
* day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track stood.
which 10 to 1 was laid. Stentor, the thor
oughly played second choice, was third.
..-..-> ' .. ♦
LADIES' DAY AT INGLESIDE.
j A Very Fetching- Card of Seven
Events Arranged for the
Occasion. .
This is "ladies' day" at Ingleside, and a
splendid card of seven well-filled events
has been arranged tor the occasion. As
> usual, special cars will be run for the ac
l commodation of the fair sex.
A special purse hung up for the
youngsters— Sir William, The Cheat,
Hermoso, Outlay and Napamax— to race
for would be a very drawing attraction.
It is understood the trainer of the first
named colt is willing to back him to the
extent of $500 in a five-cornered match.
Cash Sloan rode two winners yesterday,
besides finishing second on Yemens.
Tea Rose bas not the high turn of speed
■be possessed before her sickness, and is
evidently in want of a long rest. \
Following are to-day's entries:
First rare, seven-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
old, selling.
511 Morlna. 100 .... Borden. 108
446 Torn spencer.. .lo3 .... Dr. Mlxner 10.
6t_7 Old Jac.:.. . HO .... Keva 105
687 Fain Princess. 100 j ... Erolca 105
Fusil 116 .... Defiant. 115
i .... -.febaoth... 1051 .... Niton 108
Second rac., three- fourths of a mile.
.... Imp. Dlspar- j5 0 sir Richard-... 10 i
It.- .'..105 686 Cameha. 90
690 Bram^tta 96 «S'_ Marlins 104
676 UnaQue Ama. 961 678 Fncino 107
668 Hazel D 961 .... Hyman 107
1 hird race, sevea-sixt-enihs of a mile, two-year
old, Hint.
611 St. Philip 103 .... Delia M. 106
567 Barney Schr.l- I 667 Irritate. 103
ber. 106 .... Key XI Ban t0... 110
687 Free Lady 105 687 Kosa 100
6&7 On (iut Mta....105 567 Moringa. 100
492 A1uminum... ...102
' Fourth race, one mile, handicap. -
585 Ferrer 110 591 (abri110.... ... 102
(551)05t er Joe 110 484 Oreyhorst 99
I 643 Instal ator 107| 415 Doctor G 85
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, hurdles.
588 Herman... 1.9 583 Zarigoza 144
; 439 Dungarvin 142 588 Tuxedo 152
! (583)lhiee F0ra5....162 688 Beddlngton .... 156
I 610 Uov. Budd .136
I Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
(579)Franic Jaubert. 1011 686 Marcel 104
I (673jPerseus 101 i (5*5) Formal 104
1 (084) Fuilerton Lass. 4 l 672 Coda 98
I Seventh race, three-quarters of a mile.
I 680 Arapahoe. 99 571 Doubtful 104
j 676 Mainstay lit 475 Potentate 110
I 585 Logan. 110 4.9 Lucille 10.
I 349 Santa Bella. 10*- 1 578 Hermanita 99
[ (dSO.Preston 114 1
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAT.
First Fallen Princess, Morina
Second race— Encino, Brametta, Ca
melia.
Third race — Free Lady, Aluminum,
On Gua *S'ita.
Fourth race — Installator, Ferrier,
Ostler Joe.
Fifth nee— Three Forks, Kedrtlngton,
Governor Bndd.
Sixth race— Formal, Frank Jaubert,
Per. ens.
Seventh race— Preston, Santa Bella,
Arapahoe. ' y7-
DEMOLISHED THE ENGINE.
An Odd Proceeding in Court Has a Very
Unexpected Seqnel.
There was a very amusing scene in Jus
tice of the Peace Barry's court last week,
which has had a resulting sequel not any
less peculiar. Joseph Holler sued Fer
dinand Hir-ch and £. £. Hicks to recover
a gas engine. The engine was sent to
Hirsch to repair, and he claimed that for
the repairs the sum of $205 was due him.
The testimony brought Hicks, who is a
physician, into the case. His connection
with it is not a part of the story. The
principal witness was Hirsch, who is
deaf. It was during the taking of his tes
timony that one of the most unusual epi
sodes was developed. There were three
lawyers in the room, and each took a turn
shouting In one ear or the other of Hirsch,
according as they thought they had dis
covered his " soft" ear. The effect must
have been somewhat astounding. Finally
the efforts of the two lawyers were cen
tered on one ear.
One lawyer snouted questions into this
ear and the other lawyer stood a foot dis
tant and yelled in stentorian tones: "I
object 1 I object!"
Apparently the objections might just as
well have been shouted at the fleets of the
powers off Canea, for Hirsch did not hear.
S.i while one lawyer yelled the other
shook his fist to indicate his objections.
The outcome of this odd trial was that
judgment was given by Justice Barry for
the plaintiff. Since this it appears that
Hirsch has demolished the engm- which
was the basis of the suit. When viewed
by the plaintiff it was a mass of frag
ments.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1 897.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
_tT3S* MISSION' LODGE NO. 169, F. a
&3P' an.l a. M.— Called- meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. At 7:3o "}T_sf
o'clock. 3d degree. By order of tno \V M . rw>
,;- • C. D. BUNK Kit, i-ecretary.
■SB"- CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. m
aar-mSr »nd a. M— called me-tlng THIS _&_
WEDNKSDAY at * :3J P. M. D. Sd. By "Jf »
orderof the W. M. H. FORTKIEDE, AV>
E_^B» EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. ft
WJSf and A, M.— Special nieetlnK THIS £_
(WEDNKSDAY) EVENING, February "JTjf
_3, a 7:33 o'clock. Second degree. »▼'
THfcO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
fJ_--Br- YKRBA BUI-NA LODGE .^-.ilfe,;,.
aV^*" NO. 15, 1. O. O. F., at the next •^fir__BS__
repuiar meeting. THURSDAY EVE- -^?jsiw^
NINO. Feb. 25, th»re will ba an elec- ■W***-
tion of delegates to a convention to be held for the
purpose of appointing a trustee to the Mlsalon-
street lot t" succeed Martin Henc_en. deceased,
and other Important business, oflicers and mem-
bers are requested to be present. - y-~- .-'
M. 8. J EFFEKS JR., N. U.
Oko- *-> I'Er.HAM. Ree. feec.
jr_^*pr» CALIFORNIA LABOR CON VENTION—
A***? mass-meeting TO-MORROW (THURS-
DAY) HT at Metropolian i'emple. Carpen-
ters and all other workers are requested to atteud.
By order Carpenters' Union No. .'_.
tt-_S" THt. ANNUAL MKKTING OF THE
WmrnVj stockholder-! of the Marin County Water
Company ---ill be held at the office of the corn-
tinny, .06 California street- *-an Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 3d day of March, 1897. at the
hour of Vi o'clock x., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and tor the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing.. A. DALTON HARRISON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ':
»^sg» DR. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED
mr-tr jj-onj 1362 a Market to 1346 Market, rm. 27.
WPS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR .4:
mt~-& rolle tlons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Ca. 415 Montgy St., room 6: tel. 6580.
0-35* DR. BAZ.-.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
mr-Sf lan building to 908 ftaary st.: t«-l. East 357.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
IjURST-CLA-8 PROTESTANT COOK. WITH
' the best of reference, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 316 Suiter st. ■ >
A SWEDISH AND GERM AN EilPLOY-
ment Bureau a number of first-class glr
awaiting situations. 3.5 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED HOUSKKf.RPEK (WIDOW)
J wants worn In widower's or bachelor's hO se-
hold. with children; country pr<*f erred. 88 Ninth
St., room 17; hours 11 am to 9P. m.
*V"EAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD
J-> ltice to do general ho.isewor< In small family ;
city or country. Call at 607 Minna st., bet. Sev-
enth and Elgh h.
yiKST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS ITO
X: go out by the day; understands cutting and flt-
lue pertecily. Plea c address MRS. FOKaTER,
121 5^_ Powell s-.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
get a few unf.rnished rooms for a few hour."
work every day in return as rent. Call or address
523 Potrero aye.
SWEDISH GIBL WANTS SITUATION IN
private family to do cook ing and general house-
work: can give best city reference: Is competent
and wl. ling to work. Apply 1021 Capp sU
\V ANTED— BY RESPECTABLE GIRL, SlTU-
•'.ation to do general housework or care of chil-
dren wages • 15; Mission district preferred. S.
X., 2526 Mission st.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
woman to do bousework; city or country. Call
at 759 Mission st.
COMPETENT, EXPERIENCED NUKSK; CAN :
take full charge or Infant: has several years'
references. Call or rddress 1241*.. Market su
SCOTCH GIRL WISHES POSITION; HODSE-
O work or n;.stair< work: In Amerl an family.
Apply at Y. W.C. Associat on, 1221 n'Fa-rell St.
STRONG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS HOUSE-
work. 901 Folsom st.
GIRL WANTS POSITION GENERAL HOUSE-
work; e'.U _ month: washing. Apply 20S
Golden uateave.. In the morning.
VOU-O COLORED GIRL WISHES sITUA-
a. tlontodo housework or take care of baby.
Address E. t.. t;ox 16, Ca 1 Office.
I^IRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WISHES BITU-
. atlon In private family; best of references: city
or country- Ad iress or call 548 -aiomasu
pOOD GERMAN (AUmTRI 'N) CO- X
' I wishes a tuatlon. Please call at 3977 Twenty-
fifth; take Castro-itr<-(t car.
ArOUNG GIRL WOULD I.IKE A SITUATION*
J. to assist in light housework or assist wl.h
children, ail 41 7 Folsom.
JAPANESE HONEST YOUXO WOMAN
wants situation to do homework in the city.
Japanese Christian Ladies' Home, 1307 Larkin.
IUOJUS WANTS WASHING, HOUSR-
TV cleaning, moving or nursliu, by the day. 33114
Bush St., room 9.
OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUA-
X tion for housework an i p aln cooking in small
fami y. F. H., box 70, Call Office,
SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO as
O sist with housework or he in kitchen; city or
Oakland. Addr>ss 4421/% Jessie st.
"lir ANTED— A SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEP-
er or cook in a boarding-house, restaurant or
hotel. 814 Filbert st.
WOMAN* WISHES SITUATION— COOKING
'» or hcusework. 227 Minna st.
COMPETENT GERMAN COOK IN A HOTEL
or private bouse wishes a position. 1 48 __ Sil-
ver st , ne..r ourth.
C "OMPETENT GERMAN WISHES WO..X BY
V I the day; laundress or housework of any kind.
151H Mission su
YOUNG BWI-8 LADY, SPEAKING FP.FNCH,
X German and English, wants position as house-
keeper or in a family. 1219 Poik at.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion to do any kind cf housework or any kind
of cooking; city or country. 31-^J^ Clementina st.
RESPECTABLE WIDOW, WITH LITTLE
girl of 8 vsg-i, would like the care of widow's
home. Address -trainer, box 85, Cal Offlce.
"l\r OMAN AND DAUGHTER (16) WANT PO-
'» sitlons as chambermaids In some respectable
place, ml, > 1125 McAllister st.
■ — ' — — _
EFINED YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUA-
XV> tion as seamstress or waitress. Address or
call a. 6641. Howard st.
DRESSMAKER FROM THE EA-T, FißST-
class cutler and fitter, wan a position as seam-
stress; terms modera c. MR.-n M., 612 nevenso-.
EXPERiENChD DRESSMAKER WI-»H«S
work by the day or at home: sut. a $4. 816
Jessie st. off .\lnth.
Ij-IRST-CL-SS DRESSMAKER WISHES KN-
cancin' nts by th. day. Address Dressmaker
1.'.l Mission st. 5
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR AN
elderly couple. Address I*3l .Mission a- ,
Y'OUNO GIRL WISHES PO&ITION TO DO
. light housework; small wages, with permission
to use piano. CaL 28 Minnie st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general housework: gor-d cook; best of refer-
ences. 338 oanchcr. St., near Seventeenth.
ELIABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do .erw-or. and waiting or housework-
city; reference- .417 Clay st.
OMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK:
»T city or country: flO per month. 380 Lexiug.
to. i aye.. near Twenty .first st.
RES-MAKER WISHES A FEW MORE
piaces to go cut by the day or to take work at
home: a.l kinds of children's clothes made. Call
or address 232 Shipley st.
REFINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERI-
encc-d housekeeper, desires - situation as
housekeeper; country preferred. 2SB Kearny, r. 9.
WANTED-BY COMPETENT COOK, SITUA-
tIon: no objection to country; good city refer-
ences. 268 Miuna su
VOUNO WOMAN WISHES ANY KIND OF
A honorable work; references if dejired. 777
Market at., room 16.
A NTED- POSITION I O DO DAY WORK;
washing, ironing; |*1 10 day. 16 Plot-on aye.
L laST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
1' work for days. 1133 Post st.
OMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO WASH-
Ing and ironing by the day. 27 Bruce place,
off Harrison aye.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG SWEDISH
girl, few moii'hs from Bm len, to do housework
and a-.st .1 with cook n^ 613 McAllister si.
WOMAN WOULD LIKE PLACE TO ASSIST
• 'with light housework, *. all 40 Lexington aye.
REFINED GERMAN GIT.L WISHES SITU A-
tion as nurse_.lrl and nth: housework; refer-
ences, .-end postals P. V., 74 Beroal aye.
WANTED — SITUATION 1 O .DO LIGHT
»f housework at $6 per month. 925 V. Shotwell
si., near Tweuty-thlrd.
■\TOCNG WOMAN WANTS A POSITION AS
X wonting housekeeper; no tr fl rs need answer.
Address K. R., box 147, Call Office.
■ .. '
MIDDLE-AGED GERM AN WOMAN WISHES
situation as housekeeper. Address 11.. box
14, Call Office. ~^.J.,..*
V\,' IDOW FROM NEW YORK WOULD LIKE
'» a po-ltion as typewriter. Call 157 seventh
; at., room IV, second floor.
«TTT".» < tospTH TrANTETT-ContlnnoiT.
WANTED, BY* A COMPETENT, WOMAN
TT place to do hou-ework. cooking or downstairs
work : no objection to large family. J. H., box
105, Call Office. -
'_) COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRLS WISH -IT-
o uations; one Is first-class cook, one plain cook-
Ing and housework and one is first-class chamber-
maid; wages $.0 or $25: no less. Apply liOO*-
Stevenson st, near Twelfth
THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN*
Protestant Infant's nurse: woul 1 ti«ke entire
charge of b«b7 in city or country: best refereuces.
1221 O'Farrell »t.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH 3-YEaH-
A old buy, wishes hoost- work: ' good cook and
laundress; best city referencea Address O. P.,
box 143, this office.
"yOL'NG CO.-OI E!> WOMAN DESIRES WORK
A by the day washing, ironing; is good thorough
housecleaner: referencea. Address ll.OVa Pacific
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR CAMP
rooking by a respec.abie young woman: good
cook and houseke. pr. Call from 9 a. m. to 5 p. M.
126 fourth st., room 2.
rmVO .SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS DESIRE
x places to do general housework. 818 Braunan
st., rear. 1 ■
"yOUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
A East, « ants a ace as housekeeper In hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
2, 2.3 Post st
\A IDDI.E-AOED WOMAN WANT t- POSITION
-TA to do housework: kind to children: wages
moderate: city. 28 *; oath Park, off 1 hird.
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
A as housekeeper. 144 Fifth st , room 6.
"yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE
A position as housekeeper. 38 Eddy, first floor.
"yOUNG WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS
A housekeeper; city or country. 122 Post st.,
room 2.
"yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
A sition as housekeeper. 38 Eddy at. room 1.
"yOUNG LADY, formerly IN good cir-
A cumstantes. desires a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Ellis st, room 17, second floor; call after 12.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 839 Hayes st ;
open until 9:3. o'clock.
WANT ADs AND SUB-CRIPTIONS FOR
TT Tub Call are taken at Branch office, touih-
west comer sixteenth and Mission s s.
"71 T 0 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
' AO CALL; subscrlntlons an., want ad< taken.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms -.5c o Sl 50 per nUht:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and ba.gage to and from the terry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Tils Call. bub-
rlp'lons and w-pnt ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
B UDDERS, PRUNERS. GRAFTERS. FARM
hands, teamsters, butter-makers, milkers and
other farm and dairy help snpill.d on abort
notice and free of charge: we do not send our
rons calendar- and other trash, but send com-
petent and rellab c help instead : 500 yonn., abl -
b died and competent men ar- looking 10 us ior
work and are willing to wora for very reasonable
wages; all country orders solicited, if you want
the best help seuu your orders to the old rellab c
employment a„enta W. D. EWER A Co., 626
Clay st, S. F.
GERMAN. GOOD DRIVER AND GARDEN-
er. can milk and ha* Al references, wishes
situation. Addiess ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton st;
telephone 1304.
HUNTER A Ca. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment effice, removed to 61)',. Califor-
nia st, near Kearny. Tel. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 41i"._ O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel -Vain 5234.
CHINESE A J A PANI-SE; EsT'D 'JO YEARS;
help;tel.maln 1997. BRAIiL_Y_C '..640 Clay
OOQ HAVES BRANCH OFFICE OF
000 Tub Call: au been pi lons and want ada
taken.
HANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION As
janitor, or would wo k In shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. M.. 10 Central place, off
Plue st: with best recommends. ion.
U* ANTED- BY* MIDDLE-AGE!» AMERICAN,
TT with reference*, place a* gardener about pri-
vate place, horses, cow, etc.: hai.dy with tools.
Address Earnest -.4 Seventh st
Z_y7 MONTGOMERY. CO ..NEK OF CI.AY—
_»_- I Open unti 9:31* o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
Q9A BONUS FOR POSITION AS BOOK-
Up — V keeper, assistant, shipping clerk, clerk in
wholesale house; city reference. Address 1140
Va.emia .
W* ANTED— EASTERN MAN WANTS To
TT r pre -ent grocery, cigar or fruit house: exp*-
re .cea, references and thor u.b.v rellp^bl •; salary
$20 and expenses. Addie-s a. G. 1;., box 16. Call.
4 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Call: want ads and subscriptions taaen.
yOUNG MAN FROM NEW YORK WJS^KB
A work at p.'p-rhanging, frameraaklng: also un-
derstands bookkeeping. Y. O. V., box 74, Call.
yOUNG man. 21, WOULD like PLACE IN
A barroom: bad. '3 years' experience. Address
strauger, box 85, Call Office.
I"*lR<T-CL\SS HORSE-SHOER AND BLACK-
, smith wants situation. Apply 191 hlpley st
SITUATION WANTED — PAPER-HANGER;
ian do palming and liming: will work for
$1 60 per day. ARTHUR VERVONT. 2.3 Stev-
enson st •' - - s f ; ; - - ■ :-;
A MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES WORK:
man flist-class cook, wife smart waitress. 419
Geary st ..-, i.*. 7i-
SOBER. INDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED
German wisnes situation as coachman and
gardener: generally useful about pace; refer-
ences. Address WlLii ELM, 279 Stevenson st
T-IRST-CLAt-S BARKEEPER WANTS SITU-
A ation: perfect gentleman: best of re.'erences:
at present em p'.o.-ed 1. San Francisco's best sa-
loon; country preferred. '_# box 6, >. all.
ANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
Janitor or would work in shop or factory.
speaks good English. F. M., 10 Central place, off
Pine with best recommendation.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NX.
TT Market; '.00 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHECALL, 167 NINTH
— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPER FOR WASHINGTON. SEE
party here at 10 a m.. $20: waitress, restau-
rs-. $15; laund res- tor private family, $.6: 6
girls forhonsew rk. $20: young girl to assist (no
children), $15- 5 girls for housework, $10 and $15.
I C. It. HANSEN a a, 110 Geary st. ... -.
VURSEGIRL AND SE MS TRESS. $15;
AT nur egirl. 2 children, $16: girl. Pine st. $15:
girl, Steiner. $15 girl, Sutter. $16; glri, Lombn d,
$15: girl. Fillmore. $15; girl, Livermore. $16;
girl, McAllister st, '15: glr!. Gough. $15; girl.
Wets-.er, $15: glr'.. Geary. $16; girl. Go den Gate
aye, *15: girl, Haight. $15: 3 good second girls,
$16 a d $20. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
FAJIILY COOK. $30; SECOND GIRL. $20
A family cook. $26: girl, Vallejo. $20; conk and
nurse -hi, $40: rlrl Alameda In fa lly of 3, $20:
nurse girl, $15; girl Lombard st, $20: gin Gough
st., $18; girl Scott nt.. $*-0: gltl Washington st,
$.6. MART UN'S, 749 Market sU
WOMAN COOK, $8 A WEEK: 2 WAIT-
TT resses same house, $15 at.d room: 3 wait-
resses, $_0: waitress. $25; cook small board!
ho.se, woman tor kitchen work, $16 and iooiu;
chambermaid, $20: chambermaid and w_.lt some,
$15 and room: head waitress $25 and room:
■■oman cook, $25 and room. MARTIN'S. 749
Market st.
"VrC*SE FOR SACRAMENTO, 'AL.. $15.
ATI Pee party here. 10 to 12. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st \ .
COLORED GIRL,* CITY. $15. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st
COOK AND SECOND- GIRL. CITY, $40;
call early. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
COOK AND SECOND GIRL, $45. ETC.; CALL
early. MARTIN'S, 749 Markei st.
(lOOK.I OUNTRY. $:.O, AMERICAN FAMILY;
J waitress, same house, $-5: TO housework girls,
city and country. $20 and $25; 6 young girls, as-
sin. '10 $15. MISS CULLEN. 3-3 Sutter st
REFINED GERMAN YOUNG GIRL AS COM-
panlon to child 4 years: : $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st i ■
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUT-
Aj ters*. -■ ~
C VERM AN. OR FRENCH GOVERNED $25:
.* French s. cond gul, $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. :**■*-
\\' A ITRKsS. PRIVATE FAMILY. $25;
TT nnrs-, $20, Protestant preferred: second gin,
same house. $.5. suss CULLEN, 323 Sutler st
POOR, GERMAN FAMILY, $35. MISs CUL-
\J LEN, 323 Sutter st --,.
WOMAN FOR COOKING AND KITCHEN
« t work, ranch, *20: woman with a child over 3
years of age to cook on a ra cl:; young nurse girl,
cliy. a. do, hers. MURRAY* A uEaDY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st
GIRL . FOR HOUSEWORK] AMERICAN
family, $20; also upstairs girl, $15. 721 Ellis.
BELP TV* ANTED— Confirm*"*. .
Wasted-chambermaid, $20: COOK
TT and downstairs nor', $25: French or German
second, same plac>, $2-; German or Scandinavian
co k, $35; French maid. $ 0; 3 cooks, German
style, tj-.5 to $30; girls for housework aud assist
L.-.ON ANDRE, 316 Stockton au . ■ : - . ■
VyGRKING HOU-EKEEPER, $'.0. SEE
tt party here; German nurse and chambermaid.
$23; 4 cooks in German and American families,
$.5 and $bo. restaurant waitress. $26. and a great
many girls for cook! g and housework. J. F.
Ci.OSKTT A CO., 316 Suiter st
yOUNG GIKL TO ASSIST IN MINING
* boarding-house, $10 to $15: s-e lady at our
office. K. T. Ward J. CO., 610 Clay st
STRONG O. RMAN GIKL. GENERAL
housework, $25: chambermaid, «20: young
girl assist, 1 10; German girl, $16. Employment
Office, 306 Mason st
OFi-ICE *EE KF;DUCEI 25 CENTS; • IRLS
of all nationalities wanted to till various posi-
tions. G. ru.au Employment Office. 306 Mason st.
LEW LADIES TO ENGAGE IN A GOOD-
A paying business: must deposi $5 as guarantee
of good falih Call at 905 Market st, room 65,
bet 10 a. it. and 2 p. _t.
\\" ANTED— GIRL FOR HOU.'EWO X; MOD-
tt crate wages; references. Call 10 to 12, 1614
Brolerlck st
MKAT RELIABLE WOMAN FOR HOUSE-
-AT work; good cook: $16 to $18: sleep home.
Addiess "*»'., box 16. Call Office.
STYLISH UP-TO-DATE DRESSMAKER
►J (American). 28 to 35 years old, single: one
who understands S. T. Taylor system preferred.
Box 98, Call . ffice. -.
WANTED — A COMPETENT GIRL FOR
TT cooking and general housework. 2409 Wash-
ington st. :,....! i.
AN TED-GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1214
TT 1-nIIOQ st
ol M *-i FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
TT 3.91 Twenty-fourth st.
ANTED— AN APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
tt coats; steady place. 966 Folsom st.
WOMAN F.R HOC EWoRK. 1021 VAN
" Ness aye.; call after 10 a. M. .:;.:
WANTED- YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework. 1301 Mas nst
CATHOLIC «"IRL TO TARE CARE OF CHIL-
\J dren. 1500 Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED HANDS ON LADIES'
waists, skirts and wnppers. 416*^Elisst
*iy * J TED— TO DO HOUSEWORK AN
»T issistin cooking; small family. Cail 1622
Webster st
WAN ED GIKL TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
tt work. Appy after 9a. St., 3448 Twentieth st
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
M work: $15. 18.3 Devisadero st, corner Bush.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN COOK-
ing; references. 708 Broderick st.
GIPL WANTED A?SIST LIGHT HOUSE-
work sleep home. 345. Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE WANTED
Ai to help on coats. 461 Jessie st.
GIKL FOR .i-USEWOKK; LIGHT COOKING.
VA small family; wages $15. 1216',". Gollen
Gate aye. .->'--..
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
TT housework. 22*1 Sutter.
WANT D— ELDERLY LADY FOR SMALL
TT family: "*6 a mouth and good home. Call 2to
5 o'clock 2215 Polk st
U* ANTED— A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOCSE-
tt work; country: $10 month; steady home.
239 Post st, room 12.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
J nel overshirts and underwear. _,EVI
STRAUSS A CO., 32% Fremont at
LEARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
$1 per week; unlimited le<sons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market
\l OKI' CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
-TI Winchester Hous*. 44 Third st. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 6. per night; $1 60 to $1
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and irom ferry.
WANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
TT barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138JA Eighth st, S. F. Barber College.
£?"* C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
sJXO Cau.; subscripiions and want ad*, taken.
"I/LYNN '_ DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
A Academy. 14 McAllister st: , $1 a week.
I AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
-i only reliable place lor patterns: every oud
rnarautecd to be perfect* 1231 Market st
,*] 1/• NINTH BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
AAUThu Call; subscription and wan: ada
taken. 7t« t- ' r '
HALE HELP WASTED.
O NEAT BELL-BOYS WITH GOOD REFER-
-5 ences, $16: _ neat eleva<or-b»ys with g->od ref-
erences, $15, for first-class country otei. bell an .
elevate r boy, city, $10. C. R. HANSEN A Co.,
110 Geary st '.'..'7
COLORED HEAD WAITER, $40. AND 2
welters, $25, for first-class hoteL C. R. HAN-
SEN * CO., 110 Geary st
O FARMERS WHO CAN DRIVE 6 HORSES
-if I) and found. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
. Geary st
SALOON PORI'ER, COUNTRY. $25 AND
board: 2 laundry men for country launlrles, $30
and $10. C. R. HANSEN A C)., 110 Geary si.
ARBER FOR FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
tel; Lee shop. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st
A? TED— TEAMSTER. COUNTRY. $30:
TI stableman, city. $33. Apply to J. V. CROS-
ETT A CO., 628 Sacramento s-
T\ T ANTED— FARMER AND WIFE. NOCHIL-
TT dren, t3O; men to clear land: Scandinavian
milker, $.'<>. and other*. Apply to J. F. CRCSEXT
A I 0., t 28 Sacramento at.
V-OBEMAN FOR A VINEYARD AND OR-
T chard, $50 and found: foreman for .rain ranch.
$60 and i. und; gardener who can do vineyard
work, near city, $20; 3 aimers 3 pruners: cooks,
waiters, dishwashers, etc. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
COOK. $9 A WEEK; COOK. $7 A WEEK:
night cook, $8 a week; night cook, $7 a week;
dishwasher, $7 a week; German cook. $« a week
and ro -m: cook, boarding-house, $40 and room;
waiter, $30 and room; youne m»n to help in bak-
ery. MARTIN'S. 749 Mai ket st. ,
ANTEO-TWO BUTLERS, $35 AND $40;
TT must bring good reiereuces. ANDRE'S, 315
Stockton st.
i . UTLER, $40. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
Li street •_""--■ '-"
AN AND WIFE AS COOK AND GAR.
dener. $36. M.-S CULLEN. 323 Sutter it.
WANTED- AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS
TT partner, with $125 capital. In produce, fr.sh,
salt and sm< ked meal business; cash trade; Old
stand: must take charge of receipts and nooks and
woik in store, present owner attending to outside
custom; will guarantee $60. board and lodging
monthly by do. ng our own work. Apply and in-
vestigate at place, 617 Twelfth St., East Oakland
station.
WANTED— TRAVELING SALESMAN. EX-
perienced In the wooden, willow, tin and hart
ware lines Address Travelers box 96. this office,
giving reference.
"WANTED—COMPETENT D) UG CLERK:
T T local experience necessary: -.tale age and sa -
ary expected: references required. Address
Pharmacist tox 71, Call Office.
"I/ - EW ENEKGEITC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
A go. <i. paying business; must deposit - 6 as guar-
antee of good faith. Call at 905 Market, st, room
65. between 10 a. m. and 2 p. St.
ELI ABL c. BUY*. AGE 16; UNDERSTAND
grocery business; references, v., box 17. Call
Office. .7;
SHOEMAKERS WANTED N MEN'S NEW
shoes and repairing. 202 Fifth at
CIRCULAR SAWYER WANTS WORK. ; 4N-
swer to J. DOGERT, 660 Mission st.
l\r AN I ED-GOOD STEADY BARBER. AP-
tt py 1317 Stockton st
PRINTERS WANTED; BOY TO SET TYPE.
47 Third at
"WANTED— SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
TT assist in tight Indoor businesi: must be satis-
fied with $18 per week ana have $15-* cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market st, room 7.
ANTED— STEADY*, RELIABLE MAN FOR
position In conntry: must. have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. St.. 9 Geary, room -'.
VL ANTED. TOCO WAGE *•* DUE LABOR-
tt ersAcieiks KNOX Collection Agcr, llu sutter.
Tir A NTKD-M r N iTO CANVASS ON AN EN-
TT tir.ly new and money making business: com-
mission and salary if desired: call between _ aud 4
P. m. 166 . iflh _t.
Al MERCHANT j- TAILOI CUTTER; BIG
salary to proper man. Apply to C. C , box 96
this office. - . .
MECHANIC WANTED TO BUY CY'CLERY
gun and bicycle repair-shop for $150: good
business tir little price; In the county-seat town-
-40 miles from big city. A. M., box 97. this office."
BRIGHT MA TO SELL PATENTED NOV-
elty; experience: references S., box 116, Ca11.
WANTED-CANVASSER3 IN THE CITY
tt and Stale to sell lots ln -.he city of Stockton;
li_era! commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, ibis office.
STYLISH AND: DURABLE CALF SHOES
fc. made to order, $3 60. 969 Howard, nr. Sixth.,
. STF.T.r' WA>*TEP-CoiiHti-i*«.
RECRUITS WANTED FOP. THE U. B. MA-
Hne corns U S. Navy- Able-bodied unmar-
-.-rt men hMwi the ages of 21 and 30 years
a2ho _^ciU»M of the United S.ates. or those
wo S_Ve SV declared their intention to be-
™„? , must be of good character ana habits
and able C .os£ak. read ami write English and
between 5 feet 6 Inches and t Vh« Re^iiig Offlca
further information apply at the RecrniUng Office,
20 Ellis su. San Francisco, Cai.
TIARBEBS-ART SHAVING PAKLiORS FOR
X) sale. 1366 Market s^. ' ■ -
iii WANTS PARTNER WITH SMALL
amount money. Address A. 8.. box lt>s. Cal..
Q-CHAIR BAKBEK-SHOP AND 4 LIVING
0 rooms very cheap: no reasonable offer refused,
low rent: fine chance. 408*^ Sixth st
TWO- CHAIR BARB R- t-HOP FOR SALE
1 cheap. , Cor. Twenty-ninth and Church sts.
Q-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD PAYING
0 stand: 4 fine living-room : no reasonable oner
refused- call immediately 408% 'ixth st. ,
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT C » LL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUcH*», 325 Grant ava
JOURNEYMEN BAR..F"R*>' EM PLO 1 MEN £
sere-arv .11. BERNARD. 102 seventh au
SINGLE FURNISH ED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
1 A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT * HOES
J. J bought and exchanged; new- vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74. Mission, near Grand opera-house.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»T of some simp c thing 10 patent* i rotect your
lde«s; they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOHN
WEDDERBURN-5 CO., Dept. L, Patent Attrr-
neya Washington, D. C, for their 91800 prize
Offer and new list of IOcO inventions wanted.
Want ADS AND subscription* FOR
' » Thb Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sta .
ELCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.— ROOMS
20c, 26c to 600 night; 91 to 92 wee_.
Qen t < MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_- _"__U want ads taken for THE CALL.
BEsT IN SINGLE ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
26 cents per night: 91, 91 *£&, 91 50 per weak.
Taciiic House. Commercial and LeldesdortT sis.
I"I £* NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
iIU 'lust Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
■ BUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
I ' all night; rooms 25c to 91 per night: 91 25 to
96 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager. .
ROOMS 16c To 75c PER NIGHT; 60c io »1 6J
per week, Oriental. 225 Drumm su
'PRY ACME HoUs-e fco"* MARKET ST.. BK-
X low Sixth, for a room; VSc-a night: 91 a week.
in/) MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 150
1 sJsj and 20c a ulgnu including coffee and ntU.
1 24 Washington su. near Kearny.
9"WpK MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
mmOmm,\J I his Call; kub3Cripiio_a and want ads
taken.
U-'ANTKD-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
«» 10 know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, silll runs Denver Honse, 217 Third st.: 15J
large rooms: 26c per night; 91 10 93 per week.
OSEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.-SIN'-LE FUR-
nlshed rooms, *.'oc to 25c night, 91 10 91 50 wk.
If* SIMON WANTS 100 __N To t,ET BOT-
J. lie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY; 91
week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. 91 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\\ r INCHEST kit HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
»» Maraet: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-
room: tree bus and baggage 10 and :rom the terry.
ANTED YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
II shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those work.
Ing through tha day can have their snoes repaired
st night while yon wait: laaiea' soling, 35c; men's
eoling. 60c: fine shoes made to order from *2 up.
we have a tot of ahoe- been damaged by water, a:
less man one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up M
*"_ .0. „62 Mission nt.. bet. First and second ss.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
W IT * KER & RAY COM PANY. 7.3 Market St.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A HULL, WITH OR WITHOUT
"T cabin, for steam launch, from 40 to 60 feet
long. Address F.C. L., box 41. Call Office.
W ANTED— A NICK, NEAT YOUNG MAN,
ti between 18 and .2, as a room-mate: willilkelv
remain for severa months; more a companion
than anything else; no rent. Address T. M. A.,
box 164. Call Office. , . j
THIRTY OR THIRTY-FIVE FOOT SLOOP OR
scnooner. Address MoNTEBCTTON,IIBB Mis-
sion st
ANTED-9800 ON FIRST, MORTGAGE OR
partner on 98000 property. Particulars 412
Natoma st.
SECOND-HAND UPRIGHT PIANO WANTED;
cash: state price. Address N.. box 104, Call.
ffl»- (\ BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY. ONE
*JP "' securing position for young lady In store
or office Address W. W., box 61, Call Offlce.
ANTED TO RENT-BY RESPONSIBLE
" parties, furnished hotel. Address Z, box 14,
Call offlce.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
doors, mantels eta, for sale. 1166 Mission su
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-'
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st-; send postal.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent 10 any address In the
I'nif.ed States or Canada one year for 91 50, post- I
age free. - - ■ - , ■
LODGING-ROUSES FOR SALE.
Q/VROOM HOUSE ON MARKET 5T.... 91400
O" 22-room bouse, only ....9 400
65 rooms, cor... 5,1001 14 rms on Sutter. 700
li rs., must sell 20 7 66 rms, best city. 3, 501)
H. C. DECK. R, 1020 Market St., opp. FiftE
or RMS: ELEGANT; N. M \RKET 92000
—') so rooms: north; great bargain $850
16 rooms: cen ral; gooT furniture 9325
. UN DE:. WOOD & CO , 765 Market St.
V ICELY FURNISHED HOUSE OF 23
Li rooms; reason for selling, leaving city. 216"A
Sixth st.
ODGING-HOUBE, 704 HOWAFD, COR. 3D;
m< 32 rooms: furnished. 1020 Market st.
"1 A ROOMS; NEW FURNITURE: FULL OF
Ij roo:i>ers: offer wanted. 402 Geary st.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
000 call: subscriptions and want ads taken. -
FURNITURE - FOR SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
must cose out stock in 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 4.*_c yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ing, 7o
yard: ben room sets, 3 pieces. 49 60; 4-rooni fur-
niture outfit, 9.5. SUIREK «£. SHIREK, 747
Market st , opp. Gran: aye.
A MONEY-RAISING s-ALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
J\. Ted room sets, 3 pieces 99 50'
Solid oak dining chairs ".!.".'*.".'.... 75,,
4-room furniture outfit. ......"! "967 3u
Brussels carpet, laid -. * * '____ ..»__,
SHIREK <_. -HIRER. 747 Ma.ket it.'.' opposite
Gran: aye. ...:;.i-,
LOR FURNITURE AND CARPETS
X of 4 housekeeping room.; make an offer. C.
R, box 74. call Office.
UOR SALE-2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
X Call morning. 1406 Hyde st.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 317 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods: new or goOJ
in new: ens or on time: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
1 "FURNITURE. STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
■ ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
tf You want good prices for furni- j
a tare and merchandise Me BURD, 211 Larkla !
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
hv Indians Auction C 0.1057 Market. opp.Jenei
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
new. J. McQUEEN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY STEAM > ARPfcT CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. il. STEVEN-,
an r. iS and 40 Eighth su; telephone South 26tt
YY HEN Y« «U BECOME DL-GUsTED WITH
"■» poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beatlng Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; iel. So. 41.
CARPET-! LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free; teL jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st."
ADVANCE . CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
Suiter; tel. Main 394.* GEO WaLi prop.
J Watts, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alt«r-
. atlon works. 409 McAllister, Tel. J. sale 321.
CIARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
Vv new. 23 Tenth; let. fcouth 3ft Mackintosh _: Co.
JF_ MITCHELL, CARPET-i LEANING CO.
. 240 14th su ; cleaning *Jc a yard. TeL Mia 7 k
(1 ON X LIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS
VJ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-6.
BICYCLES. "
fflj^-J*: "BEN-HUB," BRA D NEW: REGU-
iST XO. lar price 985: guaranteed high grade.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market B*.
£ BUSINESS CHANCES.
$450. _i A wJthTTbooms. furni".
Market; 'i CIU(Ie Dest locatio , north Of
present ownlr ha, m„.L ,n „' a ! no p : ace 15 > ™-
A. S. LES>, 103.; Marke? •^ U:llneSs in the country.
S7().oTffi[^">^ BAR NORTH OF\
present owner ther^R V,D '" r _? lna: rent only 825 5 )
$2650. B J!f ?• '^A-^ and ke:
tablished place- do" 6 ,?;"' -l qn ? r business: cld-es-
owner' fWten^^^^easfS cheap re It:
business; must ,eU^g^^»g^urty
a. a. i^j-.bS, IQ3J Market su
1 SsSS^^^
I.v.ng-roords. furniture lnePn^. Bood loCat '<>n:
good, steady business, a s. u?ij "T- chool!
*• -• ■»• --ESS, 1032 Market.
#400.
fine stock: Ixst location; cheauMnt = torero< >"»:
gain ever offered: er lias ll Kie^' sl b "«>
A. S. LESS. 1032Mar"ei" rlar^ int * resl *
S'^i^pA SALOON: PINKLT s-riw-.^TTr
/OU. fitted up; onpromlnenWu.,^? , AND
ow rer going to alss.h; mU s Ln "b -^ V ;
A. S. LEBS, 1032 Markets . ° bar B*'"**«
*|7<IRST-CLASS RKAL~I^ : 77F~mTn~~7TT
r woman wanted at PBOPi-.rty EXCHANGE.
ft 1 qX. NUMBER OF BrTnTITbIkI^T^:
tfrX ID. and notion stores: *175 to 8300 i»,,^
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market. PBOP-
pffI»Q7C SOME GOOD LODGINoTiT^T-o..;:
iS)O l O. doing good busines-; from 1375 T_
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, »60 Market. *
fflj-irn LARGE LIST OF SALOON^~T77
«Jp 1 O\J. prices, from $50 to $3000. prop «
TV EXCHANGE, 850 Market. "*_&.
ESTAU! ANT AND COFFEE SALOON-
depot: 9175. DECKER. 1021) Market st.
£ 1 r\l\(\ SOLID.OROWINU MANUFACT'U^T
-Jp IV/Ucr. Ing business: only oneon the Pacific
coast; the city of San Francisco has use I lar..
quantities Of the goods: lar c 1 roiiis establish.!
trad- with nard ware-stores; the business taught
and a ful running plant included: owners gome
East. Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market si!
IGHEBTCASH PRICE-* PAID FuR FURNIT
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer -
stocks. STENBERG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
(ajp^flA BUTCHER-SHOP; UOOO LOCA-
-Jp«Jl/l/. Hon; finely fitted up; cash register:
horse and wagon; clea a 9100 a month: see thia
bargain. BTENBERG A CO., 632 Market st.
©OCA BIS! ROUTE IN CITY: CLEARS
ipOOKf. 9100 per month: trial given; sacrificed
account of departure. aTENBERG, 632 Market./
*_.)i|A MILK DEPOT AND DAIRY: GOOD
tS)mmi\J\J. location; low rent. STENBERG, 632
Market.
(IJAII RESTAURANT; NEAR RAI .ROAD
"i c/l ' . depot: large number regular boarders:
neat, tractive place: compulsory sale exchange
for real estate. STENBERu CO., 6- 2 Market su
CjQKA SALOON: ELEGANTLY Fli TED: 1
agUOXJ. block north of Market at.; low rent;
stocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc.: private
looms: owner has other business: makes big sac-
fiee; investigate this. STENBERO, 632 Market.
j —
ffl;7nn SALOON; FINELY* FIT ED UP;
tip '"U. well stocked with very choice liquor.;
doing a rood business: will near lnve-ti. ation;
receipts $15 per day on au average. Call at 33
Sixth St., room 18.
■ .
CRppfiHO SALOON: I BLOCK FROM MAR-
«iDc»Uc/. ket St.; recently opened: owner muse
sell; on account of other business. Call at 33 Sixth
at., room 18.
<& Q(\(\ SALOON: DOING NICE BUSINESS;
tU*UV/"_". fine location; nicely titled: fin. lauge
for lunch; patent beer pumps; owner leaving cltv;
a bargain. UNDERWOOD <fc CO.. 765 Market st.
PARTNER WANTED TO JOIN ME IN PUR-
cbase of a splendid business. In the line of
which I've had lone experience. And know the
opening in question to be exceptionally good: re-
quires only $760 for halt interest, of which £350
may be pal 1 from the business If so desired, whicn
w 'tn Pioper atien hou d easiiv clear 93000 to
$50.0 a year; present owner has'ma te a fortune
j In last few years, but must here»tier devote undi-
I vided attention other in ere.ts: duties would be
principally office work: this proposition ls posi-
. tively all right aad I mean business, 10 none hut
• principals, namm< lime and ulace for personal m-
| terview, need 11 » ply. Address OPPORTUNE, vox
j 64. Call Office, city.
j *L OR SALE-CITY DRUGSTORE IN THICKLY
-I Inhabited section; 9200: sacrifice; fine stand
for physician. Apply to LANGcEY _; MICHAELS
CO., 34-40 First st.
HALF INTEREST IN A GOOD-Pa
saloon; fi .c chance f r a dusin. ss man; part-
ner going to Europe. Inquire lv office.
pARTNER IN AN ESTABLISHED BUSI-
• • ness; must be sober ami c er^etic: references
exchanged; small cap tal required. 1041 Valencia.
$"3nn f OB H*"*-INTEKKST i.V MAKU.
-*P*JUt" facturlngbn-lness. Apply 328 Bush st.
room 4. ■■-•*■- '
1
WANTED-PARTNER IN BAKERY: C_B»-
-11 trally located. For particulars call* a: 113
Oak st.
SALOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAME
kJ place. Apply Anchor Brewery. 14S1 laciflc.
STORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
loca;lon for business. 406 fourth su
FOR SALE-GROCERY-STORE AND BAR-
-4 living-rooms; rent cheap. Apply Call office!
/.JCT MISSION — SALOON, DOING GOOD
SJOL. business, for sale; cheap; good reasons.
RESTAURANT: -EATS 50; PRIVATE
rooms: doing a good business; first-class run-
ning or. er: across from depot; living-looms-
elecirlcil his; lar.e French ra ge: |.r sent owner
1 6 years made money to buy ranch: must move on
it; chant c for yon to do same. N., box 44, CalL
Al BUTCH KB- .-HOP: FINE L CATION*
cheap .ent: inves igate. Call 46 Third st.
<D*";fin DRY GOODS, MEN'S FURNT HING
trponsj. goods, notions: splendid fixtures, cheap
rent; living-rooms; good business; noageuts. Ao.
ply Cail office. *^
STATIONERY-STORE— OLD, GOOD-PAYING
place; nice for woman to make a good llvine
Inquire Call office.  **
© 9^o SALOON; ON BUSIEST STRKET
tmT^-o\f. north of Market; cheap rent »nd In-
surance, lease, etc.: no agents. Inquire Call Offlca
RANCH BAKERY AND DEi-ICA CV STOREi
mus. bes».d: living-rooms; nice sunny yard-
no agents. 340 Fourth st. "
TO LET— A COALYARD; ESTABLISHED 9
ye rs: finest place in the city; no opposition;
5 stalls; scale, etc.; rent $8. 1915 V. McAllister.
T^OP. SALE — LAUNDRY OFFICE, CIGARS,
X tobacco, etc. B 8., box 88, Call Office.
L*"OR SALE-FINELY FURNISHED HOUSE;
X 10 rooms; all tented; cheap. 518 Taylor st.
RESTAURANT FOR SALE; GOOD PLACE
for man and wife: cheap. -Apply 324 Lar- in.
WANTED— PARTNER IN FIxE PAYING
business. Particulars 539 California st.
FOR MALE -AN ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR
barber-shop; near Market: a real bargain; only
$60; good reason for selling. 12 Hayes sU
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address N., box 61, this office.
GRAND CHANCE FOR Ri STA UR -NtV
man— First-class oyster and chop bouse for/
sale: woith 9U00: will sell for 9S00; owner leav-f
ing the city ; call and see 1.. 216 -Ixth st. . ,
0* IhO OLD- EST A L I SHED SALON,
"UP I \J\J. with 5 living-rooms. Inquire 911 Fol-
som st. • ■
LOR SALE CHEAP— PAYING PRODUCE-
X store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front su
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD A
HATIE, 515 Market ?
*-fifl WELL-PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP
a \J\J. on Markets*. Inquire GEORGE, .33
California st.  .
CIGAR-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
Market st ; cheap, Inquire Call office.
GOOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
manufacturing businesi: entirely new. Ad-
dress Busiuess, box 57. call office. -
FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CHEAP: SALE AC-
X munt of sickness, Call 119 Olive aye.
A"- -UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
A partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
ONE OFTHK BEST MILK ROUTES IV Alt-
meda county tor sale; run by present owner
tori- years; sickness cause of se! log. Address
A. T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitch burg.
Of".*!/' MIS-lON — SUBSCRIPTIONS AAD
•maOmm. want ails taken :or Thk Call.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: REST IN
ventlon. ,- Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE FOR a ALE. APPLY THIS
.office. .- / -
ANIMATOSCOPH— PROJECTING LI VI NO
pictures. Anlmatoscope, 93» Mrkt, 7th floor.
"VfEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
li , close 10 tan Francis. a For particulars aimli/
ibis oflice. V
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THIt
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address in thi
United States or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
as free. :
PROFESSION At CARDS:*
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LA W OFFICES.' ROOM.
2. and 27, Crocker biuluina,- t«ieuaoue Mau
.5. San 1- ra-v.-isco, ca_ '.'..-_'
1 OHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. A-HEH
l v t'.i-.t; law, «_u» 516,316, &u_ aoor.Paxroii-'ia*- • HOUSES TO LET.
9l\(\ 2 LARGE ' ROOMS; "TLSO"i~s^s : V
-JU. rooms and yard; rent f9. Apply 16 Chesley.
&1 iS «. BOOMS 'AND YARD; MARINE
Jones - VSeW ' Al Ply UM Wftsh,D «ton St., near
' 923 $ X . A J^ NR. LARKIN-15 ROOMS
Hf7u-T-^\ '\ : ,. « nt . Very ! ' w - BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery su .
>;!() H* STOKY F "AME. 4 ROOMS AND
-hiiy,' , b " se ' nn et:" t : water Ire-; quiet and resp-ct-
..»i.e neighborhood. 6 Selina place, off north side
1 alifomia si., below Stockton, ke- it 8. -
< fUNNY HOUSES; 7 ROOMS.' BATH,. PAN-
m. try, yard and basement: lent $20. 830 1 appsu
IIS V K , I,L ' NR * ' V AN, NESS AVET-HOUSE
1 -X l l of 1 1 rooms and bath.
1 Of) BUSH - SUNN HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
J, *-^ yard; rent reasonable to a good tenanu
.Qjfl 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH-8
, » a "' rooms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED: f3. SMITH.
collector, 14 McAllister st., rooms 10-11.
5 ROOMS; 333b Si-.CG.ND ST.: fls PER
0 month. Key at 589 !■ econd st.
1- ROOMS, 537b SECOND ST.; »17 PER
* mouth. Key at 539 Second au
C ROOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
. « ' i rovements; 45 Federal s:.;. $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-ecoml sU
HOU-EH 10 K.I.XI' holt VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _. _iA_4MON_»'JI IJ
iiontronierv su
FURNISHED FLATS.
1 .°« W i_? WmmiT 8 ROOMS. DETACHED; SUN
-*- 1 J sides: reasonable: desirable. 1312% Kills.
COTTAGES TO LET.
691 1 JESSIE -COTTAGE OF 4 BOOMS:
— 1 a rent $9.
. COTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD. fll-.
v^ also flat, 6 rms., 914. Grocery. 2d, nr.Townsend.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 ROOMS,
hath, basement, yard: cheap.* Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth -ts.
<S»1 Z. NICE COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS: BATH;
- a". sunny: yard: collar Key 711 Treat ava
h ' FLATS TO LET;
_ 14-^4. Iea VENWORThT~BET. WASHING-
~T- %J ' J - loa and Jackson— Flat; nearly new; 6
rooms; porcelain tub: fine marine view; large
court or garden in rear: rent ««.7 60. <
Hto9 "-TEINER- LOWER sunny flat
j-v-v__i of 6 rooms: modern improvements.
9qi WEST MISSION, NEAR TWELFTH -5
— *-"2 pleasant sunny rooms; second-floor. v **' .?
791. A GROVE — LOWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS;
1 ___■ bata; light, sunny, nice yard. - .
TO LET- FINE CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS
and bath. 400 Haight st.
m\Or\ ELEGANT NEW BAY- WIND \V : 8
--*-*. rooms: bath.- 735 Mmna st., near Ninth.
• <51Q A NEW UPPER FLAT: 6 LARGE |
(JllU. rooms: bath: modern improvements; '
stable if required: yard and cellar. 38 --oarou
•t- bet. 15th and 16th. Church and Sanchez.
TO Ll-T-A BEAUTIFUL BAY- WIN DOWED j
flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent reduced to $15.
1916*,^ McAllister sU
"VfICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 14
-1.1 Mess st., bet. .-ixth and Seventh, nr. Howard. j
-1. OCTAVIA. NEAR MCALLD-THR-
-1 A — lovely lower flat, seven 100 ms: bath; all
modern improvements.
1' LAT OF 6 LARGE SUN ROOM"-, BASE-
L ment, yard and 5tab1e.. .241 Sixteeuth ... near
. Dolores.
- "j OWER.UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: B\Trf:
Xi yard; $15. 818. l-_ tMiotwell su.ur. Fourteenth.
. }' J , i ?' J , 1 - SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
LO—'O'i modern improvements: rent $16. :
Q« 1 9 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
.<« L _. rooms, bath, gas and yard. 3928 Nine-
teenth su, beu Noe ana .-ancnez: water tree.
• .(J; ' TO flO SAVED MONTHLY. 3JO FLATS
«ji, O to let cceap at SPECK A CO.'S. 602 MarxeL
Sm~f- MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, RATH.
—O. 11-_Sa Howard su, near Seventh.
4-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE OFF FED-
-1 eral st.: 10 a tenant without children: $10 per
• month. Key at 539 tecond st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND .
1 rooms, fS to fltf: sea them. .623 Seventh at. j
. T. -Ai- iv tir... I Foil VERY LITTLE I
. A money at BALDWIN oi HAMAIONT/-, -10
_: c u-onierv su
. ' HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
'. 7' ' ''111 Mica,,
. "J.9GI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KlTCH-
'im.O'4 en furni-tbed for housekeeping: first floor.
! " eltom Street.
' -QIH 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*O XV. housekeeping. 820 Folsom, near Fourth. i
Golden Gate Avenue.
' ' T.9fi GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 3 BUNNY I
\JjmC\J front suites complete for housekeeping; also
single.
Howard Street. 7.7
119ft 1 HOWARD-SUNNY, FRONTSUITE;
I J m£.™% nicely furnished for housekeeping; j
bath: 12. I
1 1 A-) HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT CON-
X 1 *±__ nectint' housekeeping rooms; rent fl2 60
• to 10.
Beamy Street.
99Q KEARN Y-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
-__-C either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
..gle. .
9QfJ KEARNY— 'i OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
...OV for housekeeping; coal or gas stove.
Lurjcin Street.
-19Q LARKIN-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
'~XmidO for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
... -.m--Liii Siree..
101 1 LARKIN — HOUSEKEEPING AND
-•■"-1 02 Other rooms: ail sunny; f6 to f2O.
1 A9ft MARKET-3 ROOMS, $8; 1 LARGE
X \Jmm,o sunny front room: cheap renu
Market Street.
1 (\CiZ_ MARKET, OPP. JONKS-FBONTBAY-
X \J\JO window rooms and sunny housekeeping.
market — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
m^XJoO nished sunny rooms, housekeeping.
Mason Street.
AlO MASON— NICELY FURNISHED BUN NY
I I O rooms; suitable light housekeeping; neason-
} p-.ble. .;.:;. ' ■ --•
Minna Streo..
o-r-j MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY AIRY
ill back room; water, stove, cios.ts; private
family.
•_£9l- MINNA- FRONT ROOM WITH
1»)U use of kitchen; also housekeeping room;
fiieap. --: —.
.. ' Montgomery Street.
.-•97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
• Omul until 9:3' o'clock: branch office of Tui
C all: subscription, and want ads taken.
'.": ' 7_ Njsioiuu Street..
nrsl NATOMA.' COR. EIGHTH-CONNECT-
• l \J 1 ing frout rooms; housekeeping; with sink. -
cheap. . -.7>7.>
Ninth Street.
. 9fk NINTH— FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE; GAS
__" water; stove. *_46 Eighth— 2 large rooms.
Pacific Street. ■• -
VT W. OR. PACIFIC AND HYDE— 7 SUNNY
' -' . unfurnished rooms and hath. ' -
Talk streoi.
pin POLK— SUNNY NEWLY FURNIBHED
<M^ housekeeping rooms; kitchen: gas; bath; !
reasonable. . ..... ---—-.- --
. - ."•outh Park.
"1 O SOUTH PARK— 3 PLEASANT CONNECT-
-1 '' Ing rooms furnished for housekeeping; fl'J;
a: so 1 room, »7. .• _'• ■''-J:' _ . ... ■*-
. ; Stockton "Street.
I TflQ STOCKTON — 2 CONNECTING : FUR-
. LtyJo nlshed rooms for housekeeping; yard;
i-^nk; cheap. _. __ '. . 7. . ->.v '-
I Tenth Street. ...
7 1 94 TENTH— LARGE » BONT BOOM,. WITH
• a *-** kitchen, gas. etc.; reasonable.
1 — ■ — : _— : — .
Third .Stree:.
. 1 nei THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
X\J\)'i housekeeping rooms; very reasonable.
f*l Q THIRD - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
OX range and running water. .'"
WEEK'S N EWB FOB 5 CENTS --.TUB
a EEKLY CALL, In wraDDer. for maiiios.
ROOMS TO LET.
"Eddy Street. " "
9flQ .IVY . AYE. — LARGE NICELY FUR-.
OVO nlshed sunny room; bath: German fam-
ily; *6 month.
Eighth Street. .'*;.'
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE 58 BTH
au. near. Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Streot.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IXC AND K<*-
cent lights in every room: readlnc-room, con-
taining daiiy pacers: "smoking-room and ladles'
larior; open all nl?lit: rooms per nigh;. 35c to
f 1 60: week, f2 to $8: month. $8 to .30: (ire e«-
lapes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready and cold water in each room: hams.
ri'HE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS. MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot-: cold water.
Tilth air—
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $J per night: ?2 to S5 per week.
Fillmore Street.
©IO 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
«Jp lU. good yard. 2212 Fllmore near Clay.
Fulton Street.
M FULTON— NICELY FCRNISUED SIN-
XI V gte sunny room: $4.
Geary Street.
"1 no GEARY — E. EGANTLY FURNISHED
■ _L \'o sunny rooms; en suite or single;* offices.
(11 C GKARY ST., OPP. UNION ARE- '
-1.4 unfurnished rooms; key at -'17 Geary st.
QQ7 ItY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
-00 I ny front rooms. .
79"! GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
1 mix, rent reasonable: references.
Ooideu Gate Avenue.
r/-»Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
OVO nlshed room, sultab c for 2; also .--ingle.
Ooufh Street.
/inr GOU'SH— ONE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
\)mm\o newly furnisbed; rent fS
uuuaril sue...
OeiO II OW A R D-NICELY FURNISHED
KJ)mmiO sunny rms: douole and single: gas and bath. j
CQ HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
c v suites or single.
oi <;*r HOWARD — NICELY FURNISH -D
Jmlmio r.mms; cars communicate a.i over city;
reference exchanged.
Hunt Street.
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
OX furnished room: $1 week up. -•.,..'
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— FRONT SUNNY SUITE; FUR-
i nished: 915.
Ivy Avenue.
*r Ofl EDDY— FURNISHED LARGE ROOMS I
OOV $5 per month; single $3 60, and house-
keeping 10. 7. .
Kearuy Street.
ARLINGTON HOUsE. 127 KEARNY —
Pleasantsunny rooms, en suite and single; firs:
class In ever/ respect: term* reasonable.
Ma. ket Street:.
y'CSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, 35 to 1: week, $1 60 to if 5; families.
Minna Street.
AOI MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE '
_L«jJ- front looms,* 6 ma.no; hot, cold water baths, j
f»£»7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
OD I nished bay-window rooms: fl per week.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, '«al MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $ 1 50 to ft! per week.
/_JQ9 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
DO-- sunny rooms; a quiet place; prices reason-
able. ■ . "''. *>' :
Qpp^Q MISSION— LARGE FRONT ROOM, NEW-
CDaJ ly furnished. $9; others 4.
i oat street.
90Q POST, CORNER OF STC CKTON. •
3 LARGE SUNNY* OFFICES, .SUITABLE
FOR * DOCTOR,' DENTIST, "DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOKS PLAZA; |
ELEGANT LOCATION." ALSO QUIET, ELK- j
—
GANT SUITES AND SINGLES, ACCOMMO-
DATIONS FOR STRANGERS AND TRAN- i
SIENTS. _ ?'-:- : '\ '■':'■
ANDOLPH HOUSE, 501 POST— CHANGED
bands; ;>0 bay-window parlors: smaller
rooms; running waiter; gas and grates; fl 50 to f 4
per week.
— ; ;
Sixth Street.
QQ FIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
Stevenson Street.
90*1 STEVENSON— NEWLY' FURNISHED
mm,o 1 sunny, double room; f7 month; gas. bath.
COR STEVENSON- FURNISHED SUNNY
XJmCO room: rent 85 a month.
Stockton street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
nished suites from f. to $10 a week; single
rooms, f 1 .0 10 f 3 a week; hot and cold water ln
every room: baths: transient specialty: .levator.
Taylor stree..
K9Q TAYLOR (THE UTICA) - LARGE,
Omm,o sunny front rooms; also single: bath: fie
and f 10. ' ••.*■. •-.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
£1 n ELLIB-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
UA"_" rooms with or without board.
l_im VAN NKSS. COR. BUSH-SUNNY
XrLSJX double and single rooms with board; '.el.
HOTEL B-RTLING.. 714 B. SU-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
' ' J 1_
CHILDREN BOARDED.
COMFORTABLE HOME FOR A COUPLE OF
children; no objection to an in fan : loom ior
parent if desired. Address 834 Seventh st.
MOTHER* PERSONAL CARE:. 1 MONTH
old up: sunny rooms; wholesome food; low
rates. R. J., box 122. Call Office.
STORES TO LET.
1 Rfi9 HOWARD— STORE WITH 2 LIVING-
ICUii rooms: rent cheap.
QQ CLEMENTINA ST., STORE AND 9 ROOMS
OO cheap rent. Key 23.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16 years: flB per month; Key at 639
second st.
■ carpenter-shop; f7 per month. ' 6 De Boom st:
key at 639 Second at.
Pinmblng-sfaop; ffl per month. 3 Dcßoomat.;
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store, 631 second st.; 514 per month;
ker at 639 second st. -.7 , .- ; ., .-.
<J»9C STORE; 3 ROOM-; LIGHT CELLAR.
«g)-j-J. 1128 Howard st., near Seventh.
A 1 ti FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
*±XL* In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
PMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market. 15 Grant aye.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF b'ToRK AND
barement. 324 Post at.
. %VEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THB
A WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
- OFFICES TO "LET.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT;
good location.-. 609 Kearny, room &
DESK HO M CHEAP; LARGE (SUNNY OF-
lice. furnished. Call 09 Columbian building.
T. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Desirab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. BOVB.; TOY -.Co., 3Q -Montgomery.
. .HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL. • 208-212 ."BUSH .ST.,
board nud room fl to fa per day. 18 to fl2
per veek; choice rooms -50 - cents to *1; suite
looms for family f 1 10 Sl 50 per night: first-class
service; tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
I'UOTOGHAI'II-.H.- SUPPLIES.
BEST GEL 'TINE PAPER IN MARKET IS
"•Defender"; price low; try It. . Sole . Coast
Agency California Camera Company, 22 Geary su
THE SATS' ; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1897.
PERSONALS.
A LADY TOLD ME THAT WHILE I WAS
doing first-class bali^dressl-ig for 25e she
would never go to a bigher-pric-d place. 1 claim
to do as good work as any establishment chanting
twic- my price: shampoo and plain hair-dressing-.
50c; hair-dressiiia and treatment with QUINO-
NIA Hair Tonic, 60c. G. LEDERER, 111 stock-
ton.
BLOOD AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
are successfully treated with DR. SMITH'S •
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC B A THS.
Cure positively guaranteed; board and sunny
room, if destred, reasonable: free consultation 1 to
3 and 6to 8; Sundays, 10 to 12. SANITARIUM.
1533 BUCHANAN ST. ..
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS. FORMERLY AT
Marguerite House, this city, please send ad-
dress to R. P., box 1, i. all Offlce.
WHY DON'T YOU COME DOWN? - ~
CF. M. -WRITE SO AS I CAN UNDER-
. stand you, or come up. DORA.
ADVICE FRKE; DIVORCE LAWs A SPKC-
lalt}-; pr.vate; no fee without success, pro-
bale. insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc.: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, atty-at-law. 860 Market.cor.Stocktn
MM . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN* HAIR MEK-
chan:; artisi in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye. ■ ~ '
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONK REA-
sonabie: 10 years' experience; hr*. 10 to 12 M
2t05,7t0 8 P. M. G.R. WEB-TER, 02 Market, r. &
PI INTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP.
8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
OLD GOLD BOUG 11 T: HIGHEST PRICEa O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 222 Or arrell at., nr. Mason.
810 OUTDOOR bTEREOPTICON sHOW EVE-
Li ry night cor. Market and Sixth ats.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust*
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
IpMRNISHED ROOMS: REASONABLE. MRS.
X L. DEAN, 908 Howard St., near riith.
MISS CLUE LAKE. CARD READER AND
• magnetist. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Sutter.
HH FSCfI M I DT, SANITARY PLU.MBKR.
. gasfilter. -23ooldenGate ay. Tel. .butter .71.
S STROZY.NSKI. -24 "GEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices: prices equal to others.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
VJ. to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY
C. BIN, -13 Kearny sl.
PAINTING. WHITENING. PAPERING-
Iowest estimates :best work guarante-d; wall pa-
I per3croll. EDWARDs, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish halrdreailng par or-
latest effects -.price 25c. 124% O'Farrell, nr.Powell".
IiWWIUARDS *1 6.. SHOW CARD-. ETC.
IUUU Tei. Black 141. HILL, 22 V_ Geary at.
(Jjj 1 A DOZEN-FINE CABINETa A.V Wn,
tip L SON'S Oaliary. 1028 Market.
= 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
- ■_- I «t'lHi.C_i_; waut ads ana subscriptions
taken.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGVZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc. 424 Pine St.; illustrations '.uruished
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
1 1 — — — . , __— »_
ARTISTIC H AIRDRESsING, 25c; 25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff I cannot core.
MRS HUBBARD, 1104 MarKet si., room 28.
RUPTURE AND PILES CUBED: NO PAY
A Y until cored: send for book. bKa. il_.\-
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
AGNIS.COPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope him*, prioa . 2aa
BACIOALPPL 846 Market, at.
\\r ALL PAPER. 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
-11 ins. palntlug.etpc., by contract or day's work, at
yonrewn pnee. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
ELI- CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
J Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market; .
.00 rooms. 26c to *1 60 per night: «1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS FURS AN BUTTS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 hansoms st-
. » WEEK'S NEWS FOR S CENTS — TJitt
■TV- WEEKLY CALL- la Vrracncr. for mamnat
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL HER MARVELOUS, P.RKDIC-
t ous; only medium Guaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fltzslmmons. prize-right:
namen 3 winning numbers In the last lot'.ery
drawing:, can give you a sure thing at the race-
track; ladle*, consult her on domestic and love
affa rs; removes evil Influences and possesses onl •
••Napoeon" tail man. Mist* VAN DE VERE,
Parlslnn -repheteaa parlor 1, 1 Fifth at.
MME. DR THOMAS SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cardan tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given:, good advice;, sura
help: res-ores lost lovs by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. 929 Post st., or Larkln.
RS L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
daily; circle MonJny and Thursday oven I ngs
8 o'clock: 26c up. 1147 Mission st. '..'.,.
MISS INA. PARISIAN CARDREADER AND
ill magnetiat, rooms 10 and 11. 12- Post st.
pONSL'LT THE PROPHhTESS: PAST. PRES-
ij eni and future; 25c. 2.3 a fehlpleysu, Fifth.
MM . LEON ARKI'C R.N ED; CARDiiEADKH;
Lix magnetic treatment. 995 Mar-et, room 3.
MME. MOREAU, BKS : CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium lv city: fee 25c. up. 764 Howard st.
GIPSY. LIFE- LEADER, 3 SI-VENH ST.;
I ladles 25c, gents 50. ; all Questions answerea.
Miss MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN ILAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.; water readings a specialty.
MME SYBILLE TELL- FROM CP.ADLta. TO
grave: pictures given ; ladies 25c : bl4 O'Farrell.
MMX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 25c up. Fourth
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER, REMOVED
to 38 Eddy sL, first floor/room 1. from 10.
Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM. *
SPIRITUAL TEST MEETING THIS EVEN-
ing at Washington Hall, 35 Eddy at., by DR.
SCHLE.BINGER and MRs, IRENE SMITH;
free.
*\l BS. C. J. MEYER. CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS.,
1»* Wed. and Frl., 2 P. St.; H)c; trance dr., Mon. <fc
Frf. eve., 2?c; sittings dally. 3.6 McA lister st.
MMX. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL TRANCK MKDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invests
ments,mtning speculations a specially. 838 Mission
EDNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
d 1 m and magnetic healer. BU5V_> Marketst.
[ room 10. . r ;'; . -. . *
1 ADIES' AID SOCIETY MEETS TO-DAY, 418
J. McAllister: admission free; tests 3 p. __
TEST MEETING 8 P. M. lCc; 335 MCALLIS-
ter sL: stlit. Clemens, others: skeptics invited.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112LJ, OAK: CIRCLE
Tuesday, Bp. m., Thurs., _ p. m.; readings Sl.
SLATE-WRITING* DEVELOPING SKANCE
to-night. 26c; sits daily. MRS.FULTON.3I Fell.
MRS H. A. ORIFFIN-CIR. SUN. EVE.; 26c-
test mtg. Thur, eve. ; stgs dally. 428% Grove'
AM. FRAN ITS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 -Halcht at; hours 9 until 6p. j__.
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; HITTTNOS.9 TO B, 81;
circles Toes., Frl.. 2p. m., 26c 233 Valencia.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium Jtilfe reader. 218 Stockton
. ;f ,\ HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT-
success grid. HvpnotlcMesmerlclns.6o'Farreii
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH, »7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see ournew combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 10'ytars: fillings. 50c; crowns. »3 ,Q
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street.'
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. ',59 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng. with gas, 1: plates, 95 up: fill, fl up.
<n»7 FULL SET TEETH; BEST MAKE-
I . kept In repair; extract free; flllincs.soc;
crowns, .$» 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DH. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon, , ,
OSITIVKLY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION. dr
. HARDING, 500Sutter Cor.Powell; te1.ma1n5375
CHALPANT A CHaLFANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
C-OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIa TION. 806 JAU-
I ket st. DR CHARLEs W. DECKER.
(J. 7 a SET FOR TEETH- W AKB ANTED 'A-
«Jp I good as can be made; filling fl. DR ttlMM^
dentist, 930 Market st- next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, „Oc: .CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates 1 3 up: 13 yean
experience. It. L. WALSH, D.D.S- 815% Geary.
DE LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET. ST, NR.
Eleventh; no charge - lor extracting when
plates are made; . old plates made over like new;
teeth from f8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ET OF TEE ill WITHOUT ArL__.T_- _*__"
O H. G. Young. 1841 Polks.
DR GEORGK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to ":0 OF arret! it.
ALL WORK. REASONABLE AND WAJ-7
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market ak - .
- — -1 - .
EDUCATIONAL.
LUCKHABDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and school of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRAt TICAi, and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. aay and analysis
,of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell su: elevator.
' •'/ -URSIVE SHORTHAND ISTHE EASIEST.
"best and cheapest;, vowels aud consonants
Joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitman. Graham. Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: firat-clasi references. ROS-
COE EAMES, room 70, Flood building.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST-
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,'
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: -0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
VTAVAL ARCHITECTURE, H. C. McCLEER.
XV 862 'Third st. ship draughtsman and yacht
designer: layingoff iron .-hips and all pioblems in
connection therewith taught practically; models
10 order. . - •
■Q_ 1 C ■ COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
jjp I O. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham). by
Eastern law stenographer; oay orevening instruc-
tion. 1816*4 i' ost - '
A YRES-. THE LEADING COLLEGE 321
J\ Montgomery St.: individual Instructloa la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
Me scholarship f 50; lew rates cer week and m.
TAMMERING. LISPING. ALL IMPERFEC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. Individual instruction; references from bestln
California. PROP. R. fc. DAVIS. 1608 Markeu
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC*
el »11, mining, survey, '• assay, archil., X ray
tau.ht; e5.1864. A. VAN DEB NAILLEN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Mar st. ; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for luliton
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
■ quick method; 92 bO per month. 323 Hyd-> st,
KOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornel; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur.Powell.
"L'RENCH.SPANISH.Etc.: Prof. De FILIPFF/S
1 Academy of Languages, 320 Post: estab'a 1871.
OOKKPNG, WRUNG, ARITHMTC. ORAMR.
day & night: 110 daises; f 6 month. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, tinman languages: 92 ma 109 Taylor.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
■i ing, voice, pantomime, stage. I 814. Geary su
GUITAR. MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VoC-,-.
lessons. 93 mo. Mary Weetbaus. 39 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOB THE
_ I all taken at branch office, 339 Hayes at.;
open until t*:80 o'cl< ck. .-...,.
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE OR IN-
a rument used; every woman her own physi-
cian for all fema c troubles, no matter from what
cause:. restores -always in one day: can be sent
and used at home: all eases guaranteed; genuine
new pro<esB can only be bad at my < nice. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
H. J. H. JO-SELYN.THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his va uat_e services to th.- un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured a d enrlc.ied by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the cata.ogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c re Ladies. he*ls always ready
to assist you. His knowledge haa been streng. h-
ened by. extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly r- medl> s are sure and
safe in their eff ct<. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in heir
action, and are warranted tor both youn. and o.d.
He excels ail others in the cure of private discuses.
liver 50 years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consnita.ion parlors 906
Market St. Call or write direct to 906 Market St.,
rooms 11 and 12. ■ ...
LL CASES OF MONTHLY I SUPPRESSION
(from whatever caus-) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers: home in aonfioement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remed.es for monthly
suppression never fail: every Case guaranteed -.con-
sultation fr*e, contiden lai; hours 10 to 5: pills fL
MRS DR. WYETH, 916 Post su, near Larkla.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
-a. eases from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tu-_ at.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no dec ricity hum-
bog or other dangerous methods; moneyin every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped immediately: years' experience; home in
, confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister su, next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. St. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. si.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO BK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when medicines
and others have failed: 'no instruments used:
many years' experience: entry rase guaranteed;
ad vie- free: terms reasonable: flrst-class pi I vat*
home for conflnemenu MRS. DR. D.iLEY, 1126
Market sU, over ihe Owl Drugstore. . .
DR. FOULEVH FRENCH CAPSULES- A
. guaranteed - absolute core, for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sore; no danger or after effects: taken In time it
also acts as 'a preventive: pries fl 60 iter box:
sent free by mail on receipt of pric<_ WALLER
BROS. 38 Grant aye. -. . _■' ;..
R. AND MR**. Wl- GENER. 5-6 EDDY BT.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before an 1 curing confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: best care; ter.ns moderate: babies
adopted 1 i good families; consul tatlon tree ; pills f2.
MRK. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill- free -diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye. •■■ -. .
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: f2 60 express C O D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oak!and;C_l.
AT THE PEOPLE'SONK DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases . treated and medicines fur-
ns, cd for -1 ; call or write. 10.9 V. M rket at.,
beu Sixth and .Seventh, san Francisco, CaL
fl_ r~.f_r_ PAID FOR A CASK I FAIL TO CURE
*DUUI/ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS DR. SCOTT, IO Geary
"|"\U PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS:
XJ safe and efficient emmenacogue: $ I per box.
RICHARDS A CO., druggists, 406 Clay St., sole agts,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1061 Mar_et st. : his 30 years'
toccessful practice la a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARE
MRS, DX FUNKE. 1416 Eighth su, Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. pUETZ and be content S64V - . 4th.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
Jones.' Diseases of women and children. '
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
Tt^pNrrußE~ciiE a p ON A CCO U I TOF BE-
X movt. 1410 Leavenworth st.
VKKSH MILCH COW AND CALF: CHEAP.
A 923 Fell SU - • . '■ ■ .
AX COUNTER. »15. AND 4 HARD WOOD
bookcases or liquor cases at f 10. 498 Bth St.
(2»'Tf» HANDSOME. EQUAL TO NEW,
V l -- latest style White sewing-machine; at-
tachments complete; cause, departure. 812 a Fil-
bert st. :.'.;. ...
AT ATION A L CASH REGISTER CHEAP AT
lv meat markeu 1105 Mission su
IJiOR BALE— SO-BORSE- POWER ENGINE
JP and boiler; everything complete for lint-class
steam plant. Address J., box 10. Call. ■.■_■'
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-hand ; tools supp led, etc. 766 Bryant
1. ARK BACK BARS, ' MIRRORS. SHOW-
• ' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N' ON AN, 1017-1019-10.1-10.3
Mission si-, above Sixth. ..
NEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE BEST.
A.\ W. M. BAY MFG. CO., 12 California su
BOiLERs.ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY
water-pipes Mcintosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR-^ FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
I ARS, SHOWCASE**, COUNTERS. SHKLV-
->-> log, etc., lought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7ib,
ONE SMALL MEDIUM- AND LARGE-SIZE
bra and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market au .
LEGAL NOTICES.
-VrOTICK IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THEBE
As are funds in the treasury- to redeem bonds
Issued on Levee District .o. 1 of Sutter county,
in. accoiding to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880, as follows, to wit: Bond No.
93, * 500; bond Na 02, f 600: bond No. 91, $500-
-bo.id Na 30. $500; bond Na 89. $500: bond No.
88, f 500; bond No. »7. f 500; bond No. 86, f 5OO
bond No. 85, f600: bond No 84. $500: bond No!
83, f500: loud No. 82, *600; bond No. 74. f&OO-
bond No. 73. f 500: bond No. 72, f 500 ; bond No!
71, (60., and bond No. 70. 9500; aud that at the
expiration of thirty days from the date of this
notice if said ' bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the Interest thereon will cease, from and after
which time no Interest shall be allowed on said
bonds. ! .J COPE,
' Treasurer of Sutter County, CaL
Dated Yuba City. February 18 1897. -:.
V PHYSICIANS..' "'_■
DIE CC, O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, REa
XJ 2864 36th su ; diseases of women aspeclalty.
CITY. . BEAL ESTATE.  ..V, '£ ',
I,*>ABTON, ELDRIDGE A CO. -
li EASTON. ELURiDGE * CO. : .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ACO - ' - — *
•:.-.;-. 638 MARKET ST.
638 MAPKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
tfi] Kll tREDKRICK. NEAR ASHBURY;
tlT\jLO\J. 2 handsome flats of 6 and 6 rooms
and bath; lot 26x116 :& - - ■:-.'■■ '•^-*
(JjJQXnfl PINE, NEAR p-OCTA VIA:. FINE
tITOuUU. hous-- of 11 rooms and bath;, sunny
side; lot 30x137:6.
ffl»^7.-A BELVEDERE. NEAR FREDER-
«3)U I ,j\J, ick; new modern flats of 6 and 8
rocms and bath; lot 26x121:10.
©ftßnn ASHBURY*. NR. FELL; MODERN
-jpUiJUU. house of 7 rooms and bath; base-
ment; lot 25x103.
l<£__9.i,n NEAR GEARY AND TAYLOR; 4
<ptt^p"JU. tenements: rents 940.
fli99Pkprt DOUGLASS, NR. 24TH: COTTAGE
<p___--IV/. of 6 rooms and oath: lot 25x125. ;
ffijOOCn SHIPLEY, NIL BTH: STORE AND
%XO—OV. 2 rooms and 2 flats of 6 rooms each:
lot 25x75. .
--.An CASTRO, NB. 24TH: HANDSOME
tIP'XOVV. house of 8 rooms; bath and base-
menu
QQnnrt CLARA, NR GTH; 4 TENE-
tJPOUUV. ments; lot 25x80. *
ffl»_(_inn NEAR VALENCIA AND 16TH;
tjpi'XVV. good house of 9 rooms and bath;
large lou 36x120: mortgage of $3300. '
$".finf| RIDLEY, NR. MARKET— 2 MOD-
t~pOV VV. eru flats of 5 and 6 rooms and batn.
MAKtIUi I»TH. NR. MARKET; PAIR OF
OVV. good flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x115. - . • ■•
fflJlOAfl COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS .AND
<© 1 -vu. bath; hal: a block from electric cars-
Mission and 30th su Homestead; terms to suit
purchasers '..:./".- ■_-•-,. •„•-.-: .
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4000. a&ffc XEAB DK VISADERO;
<ft4ooo CORNER CHURCH AND ARMY;
QlQ9nn SANCHEZ. NR. 28D; 65x117:6 to
•4pO£.VV. rear sireet. ->j.'
S'P^-fift 24TH ST... NEAR FOLSOM;
<I>_--JUU. 37:6x100.
<C9_I.QQ . * LOTS NR. SANCHEZ AND 23D;
$99 ft ft FOLSOM ST., NEAR 14TH;
tP-.oU 1 /. 25x122:6,
ft99^ft ABHBUBY ST., NEAR FELL;
C— — OV. 25x106.
©1 Q9^ GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR
"3PJ-0-.U. Baker; 26x137:6.
$1750 18TH ' KKAK CHURCH; 60x114.
© 1 500 18TH ' N£Aa DOUGLASS; 60x12L
SlOOO EACH -SAN JOSE AYE. NEAR
$800 DUNCAN, NEAR DOUGLASS; 50:11
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A SO..
EASTON, KLDRIOGK * CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
'■ 638 MARKET ST.
<3-e\ftft WILL BUY PROPERTY WHICH
tp.OUV nets *15 per month. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE A ( 0., 648 Market st.
AM. SPECK A CO- 602 MARKET, ST ~~
• A. M. SPECK _- CO., 602 MARKET.
REALEsTATI-. MONEY LOANED.
REAL ESTATE. MON V LOANED.
fli 00— Neat 4-room cottage and corner lot.
.'--.o— Neat houso and lot 25x100; Geary and
Scott.
93500— Nice home on Haight. near Buchanan.
96500— 10 fiats, near 3d and Mission sts.; rents
about (90.
98 00— 3 elegant new flats; all rented; (900.
fl o.ooo— Business property; 45 It. front on Mis-
sion si.
$16 000— Market-st. corner; nice Improvements:
off r wanteJ. '. *-- -:'-■
25,000— Post sU: 75x137:6; N. side; offer
wanted.
30,000— Sixth su; 76x100; business property;
rents 3000.
Other good bargains. SPECK A CO., 602 Mar-
ket su ;:;._;
4 -BOOM COTTAGE: NEW; SUNNY: 91160;
terms f6O cash, fl2 per month. THE MCCAR-
THY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
C* C BEMIS, "' "
). REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 montgomery ST. 
FOR SALE . ;,- .... , '■■. v
Choice hulliilngloton Army and 27th sta; close
to electric road. J-
*4so— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feeU "V- ;
f 6700— 50x127 feet on Jackson aU. overlook-
Inu- the Presidio and bay.
ftSOO.— 2 modern houses of ' 8 rooms each at
park; 26x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses:
i make offer. '
18500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
9300— Choice bnlidlng lots north of part.
Bargain— S W. cor. Fifth ay. and O st : 109x95 fu
5 -BOOM COTTAGE: BRICK FOUNDATION,
O patent sidewalk, stationary tubs. 7-foot base-
ment boaraed; glass loom adjoining kitchen for
flowers: workshop In rear: beautiful garden: half
. block from cars. 25 minutes from ferry $25 0;
small amount cash, remainder in installments at
17 a month. O. R.. box 147. -
Q/fftftft FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
-J*-±\JV_". New cottage on 23d aye. . East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath; high basement ,- brick
louudauou; bay windows; let 62x160.
ii. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
'-_■•.'•;; :.'-\ , 14 Montgomery st.
DRY HOUSES TO LIVE IN, OR CHEAP LOTS
to build on. PATTERSON <fc Co., 2 Valencia.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS,
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
. house west of Chicago Is K'jHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all otb»r musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; mon. hly pa. ments from *& up;, deliv-
ered free with Stool and cover: "correspondence
solicited- THE F. W. SPENCEB COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market su, Opp. Mason; estab
lished over 20 years.
, ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' i Haines. Knabe. Bush A Gr.rts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from f 100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 824 PosU
FINE HABDM ' N UPRIGHT, 1 IKE NEW; A
chance 10 save mono/. Room 12, 809 Markeu
AN ELEGANT STEINWAY AND WEBER
for sale cheap. Room. 10, Flood Bulletin-.
© 1 9ft HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
«J? lmC\f. cover; f& tnstallmts. 221 Leavenworth.
L'lN UPRIGHT PIANO LIKE NEW.CHEAP.
r8 33 Castro sU ,
ALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
vj pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of all musicians. 228 Posu
EST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
BEST BARGAINS IN THE CITY FOR THK
next 6 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
LEGANT BRUENN PIANO; GOOD AS
new; sacrifice.' BRUENN'S, 228 Post sU
_1 r_f\ UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
-4P-LUU. bargain. BRUENN'S, 2.8 Post st.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
X BRCENN'S piano honse, 228 Post su
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a flue new plana SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Kearny and Suiter sta
ADMINISt BATOR'S SALE — MUST SEL_T
pianos at immense reduction for cash or ou
aliments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Markeu
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
11 the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY A COS. *
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from Meinway down, can be found at .HER-
MAN. CLAY <_. CO.'S.
ARQAIN.FINE LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, Hibernia Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
yon find a stock of new stem way pianos. |
ORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGER SOLE A»»ENT FOR HALLET
.A Davis and Francis Baoon pianos. 415 sacta
Ui ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO. 'B
A on very easy payments. ■: -
YRON MAI ZY. 308 PoST ST.— SOHMER,
N ewby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPEBIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD... NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repidrer. 2 1 a ham piace.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE. .'.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— JASPER CONBOLI-
dated alining Company: location of princi-
pal place of business San Francisco, California.
Notlie is beieby. given that at a meeting of the
directors, held on the 6h d»j*\ of February, 1897,
an assessment of two cents per share was levied
upon the capital stock of cne corporation, payable
Immediately 10 the treasurer of said corporation
at the office of the company, at No. 811 Rrannan
street, Sau Francisco, California Any stock upon
which this assessment shall remain unpaid on the
12th day of March, 1897, will be delinquent, and
advertised for sale a: 'public auction, and, unless
payment is made before, will be sold -on the 2d
day of April, 1897, to -pay the delinquent assess-
ment, togetuer with costs ot. advertising and ex-
penses of sal.-. 8. H. Ri'BlNsoN, Secretary. .
811 Brannan Street, San Francisco, Cat
:_. COUNTRY REAL -.STATE.
F OR J JI---AFl^li LOT IN COLMA, AT A
sacrlfic*. Address P. S., box 80, Cal Office.
BAi.GAIN: 25 TO * 35 PER ACRE; CHOICE
„ . land: 2 hours' ride trom the city. H. J. DIG-
GLEpS, 69 Colombian bulldlnsr, ~. F.
F'R SALE— ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land: fence*! and improved. Inquire N. A.
BR TTON. Williams, Cal. v -»-.*.
GARDEN LAND FOR OR~~IN LAND
, prices: very « ho cc .for fruit, vegetables or al-
falfa: no Irrigation needed: cheap transportation
to market: we.l improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
, Market st-, S. F. ;
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land-i for sale, ov H. FRANCIS
rooms 69-7 l.Chronlcle building, san Francisco, CaL
RANCH BARGAIN: 'Ms PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. li., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE • HOMES CLOSE TO ' TOWN; IM-
■i proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market Rt.. "*. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
©O'yOO YOUR OWN TERMS; ONE
OVV.- block to local train: modern cottage;
a b*r aln: also se • our 81H.,0 house. WM. P.
TODD. IUO2 Broadway, Oa.iand. -
BY ORDER OF, THE RANK. A MODEKN
house: 8 rooms and bath; lot 44x100; fine
location: 2 biocks from station; if taken at once
can be ha d lor »-J500; easy terms, if desired.
V\ ILLIAM J. DIN UEE, 460 Eighth st , Oakland.
Tir ANT ED- PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
-11 change for very lar.e lot apd modern & room
cotta.e in Lorln: price *2260; no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediately to A. J. BNYDER & CO., 467
Nlutn St.. i akland. -
©7?. TO *1&0 FOR . CHOICE BUILDING
am i O lots in the town of Flichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, On the Havwardj
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern'Paciflc
Company; -only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE. owner, \)lby__ Washington su.
Oakland Cat
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAMKP.. .KKAL KSTAT**.
9 -BOOM M DERN 2-STuRY HOUSE AND
bath, 1 minute from Cbestnut-st. station, Ala-
meda, for sale; 1/3 cash, balance easy terms; or
lease; lot COxloo; fine garden, greenhouse, lawn
ana chlrken-yard: reason for selling, sickness.
Address B. »., box 65, Call Office.
N A< COUNT OF LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6- room modern, cottage on double lot at
great sacrifice: location most desirable and con-
venient. Apply to owner, N. BARTON, 14.7 Mo-
Pherson st., . lameda.--
ffi«9_l_A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
♦J l -- X work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. R. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 216 Kearny
st., San Francisco.
. ARGAINfc-*3OP R foot;Lo IS ON NORTH
. I' side San Antonio aye., near Grand St.
81250—80x150; *au Jose aye., nr, Willow sL
$1750—50x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and. batb: nortn side or street: most be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL*MEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park at.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA KOOMS AXD HOUSES.
c-ROOM modleh^Tho^seTwrlTl-oc^
O $35. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market st, or at
residence. 2067 San Jose aye.. Alameda.
/ ' > BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER
refused; house of rooms: bath: stable: chic *-
en-house: street work done: near the cars. JOS.
J. MAS iN. Berkeley station,
BERKELEY HOUSES. ; ; 7,7; :
"BURNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
a bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MRS. S.
J. I.v GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. •
TVTILL IRADB A VALUABLE RANCH OF
" about -1800 acres in southern Oregon' for
property In Tacoma, Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces*. an income; Is under fence; 200 acres
under cultivation: ti.le perfect and. free from in-
cumbrance. * CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma, Wash-
ington. * '.- ••-.-• :'■
"LMNE NEBRASKA FARM. 1-0 ACRES, $5000,
A 1 tor business or property. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
SEND FUR OUR LISP Of ORCHARD HOMES
r> tor sale. WriQSTF.R A: WHITTON. San Join.
7/': MONEY TO LOAN. * il *
A LOANS ON. FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no (ommissions: no delay*.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. ' 7 :, , ,
r<fc&OA OfWl AT OVa PER CENT ON CITY
-jPOU'-'.UUU real estate; also Oakland :estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 MarkeL
NY AMOUNT; IST. 2D^)R SDMORTGAGE.%
estates, undivided Interests real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos . without removal..
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
A -PRIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, ls the secret of our success.
cut-rate Loan Oflice, Flood building, XO9 Market.
ftQ9^ l\ft(a AT HANK RATES: IST- AND
-JP O—O.VVV 2d mortgage-, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as iow as 50. H. MURPHY. 628 Markets*.
VUHY. PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
11 We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest: no com mission.' 116 McAllhter st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
=00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PBuP-
vPOerly. low rates. A.SCHILLER, 420Cala.su
LOANo ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
XJ of luterest.JAS.Rß I OOKs. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WiLLIaMS, 214 Pine st, room 3.
©;-.A TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE: AoT A 2D
*S) O V mortgage; flat or lnstimn- Dryden, 035 Cat.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW E-.RY, ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Offlce. 9 ({rant aye.
HORSES, v- -;^7
ACS HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
XV buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su : auction .ales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE STABLE AND LOFT FOR RENT
cheap. Linden aye., near Van Ness.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
-_xfor sale. M.F. BOYCE'S livery stable. 3812th st
Crt HEAD OF. HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
-Jc/busineas 900 to 1600 pounds. Old Turk-su car
stables, 1301 Tnrk; team of large young mules.
"".(Wl SET NEW AND SECON AN _i B.AR-
. VV cess: all kinds: buggy, wagon, carts, surrey
* rockaway : 40 cheap horses. 15th and Vale-,' »
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
"\T"BW. AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
Xi dry and milk-wagon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. ' 6*"B Harrison st.
LOST.
LOST-SUNDAY |N IOHT, A LADYS* OPEN-
faced g -Id watch, with monogram" on back.
Will be rewarded at 1170 Market St., room 6.
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
su: want nd i and subscriptions taken. '
FOUND. • ...
FOUND— PURS <: ; OWNER CAN. HAVE
same by proving proper, and paying ex-
penses. See CAP lAIN GREEN. Emporium.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
laity: private; no fee without snecess: probate,
Insolvency, wills collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
O. W." HOWE. 850 -Market st. corner Stockton st.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfnl. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
RW. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. icle building: -advice free: lowfe>s: all cases,
ADVICE FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful.* J. G. JEFFRKBS. 632 Market, rm.23.
" r - - : j; : H '---storage.;
"DEDUCED RATES, FURNITURE. PIANOS,
XX household goods, etc, J. M. PIERCE, 735 Mku
MARRIAGE LICENSE,-. ' '.7 /."
Tbe following , ; marriage licenses have boon
issued by the County Clerk's office: '-,
L. Motor and Johanna McCiuald, 28— 30. "' '•,
T. J. Tnirkettle and Sarah J. Dlnnlgan, 28—19.
A. j. Red and Mary K. Cray, 24—24.
v. F. -and and Julia E. Rick. 29—21.
P. J. O'Donneii and Rebecca A. coakley. 24-23.
J. Cozze.is and Lena Cbrlstopberson. 56—27.
A. A. G. Hergott and Clot. lde Masselin, 23—44*
A. Bernero and Luisa Klura. 28— 20.
H. H. Paulsen and Minnie E. F. SchiUlng,2s-18.
F. D. Nye and Aggie Dezney. 27—23.
H H. Zwlc- and Bertha Rustman, 25—26,
J. L Pool and Kittle Donagher, 33—23.
A. J. Trescher and Lizzie Erne, 39—31.
T. Gould tag and Kate A. Feeney, -_l-.'3.
J. Neagleanl Julie Horgau, 36— 27.
T. F. Cavltt and Fannie A. Anderson. 87—20.
D. Badaracc ■ a d Rosa Pod««<ta, 48—46 -
- ' , '*
BlfeTiiiS---_IARRIA(iES---i>bATa
rßirth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not he inserted. They mast be handed In a;
either of t.ac publication offices and be indorse 1
with tne name and residence of persons autnorizeJ
to have the same published. J
1: 7 BORN.
BELKNAP— In this city, February 18,1897, to
the wife of O. S. Belknap, a daughter.
MORRISON— In this city. February 15, 1897, to
the wife of A. J. Morrison, ason.
McLOUGHLIN-In this city, February 17, 1897,
to the wife of Frank McLoushlln. a son.
OWEN'S— In this city. February 22. 1897. to the
wife nt K. F. Owens, a daughter.
-' a
MARRIED.
ZWICK— RUSTMAN — "* this city. February 22,
1897. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Henry H.
Zwiclcaud Bertha Rustman. both of San Fran-
cisco.
. • DIED. ~~
Archer. Albert Harrod, Joseph A.
Baxley. John W. Hoffmann. George
Besson, Lulu Frances Kammarer, Minnie
Chisholm, Clara A. . Meeks, William N.
Collins, Annie McKittrlck, Charles J.
Oontinhb, Manuel G. . McCue. George
Da toil, John P. Osgood, John A.
Ferris John Powers Anna M. '■
Golden, Hunora K. - Shannon, Thomas B.
Guscetti, Mrs. C, P. Sourdry. Edouard V.
Gallagher, Patrick Smith. Henry-
Gallagher, John Thompson, Niels
Wenzel, Adolph
ARCHER— In this city,' February 22, 1897,
Albert, son of Charles H. and Mareella Archer,
ana grandson or William and Mary ' mis
Archer and Ellen Ryan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 3 mouths and 15 days.
""-.""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite- to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from the real-
. dence of the parents, 919 Folsom street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BAXLI- Y— ln Oakland, February 22.1897. John
\V.*j beloved husband of Fannie E. Baxley, a na-
tive of Berkeley County, West. Virginia, a.ed 67
years 10 months and 9 days [Baltimore papers
please ropy. I
KIT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the fam-
ily residence. 1167 Thirty-second s:reet. Inter-
ment private.
BESSON— Entered Into rest In this city, at 901 ~_
Sanchez street, Febraary 23.1897. Lulu Fran-
ces, dearly beloved daugbter of mile and Lulu
Besso i, a native of San Fraucisco, aged 2 years
,3 mouths and 7 days.
CHISHOLM— In Alameda, feoruary 22, 1897.
Clara Alice, beloved wife of .W. H. Chlsbolm, a
native of Morri, burg, Canada; aged 64 years.
<a_r*irieuds aud acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence. 1313 Weber street, Alameda.
' Interment private.
COLUNS-In this city. February 22, 1897, at
1013 Post street. Annie, beloved wife of the late
J. J. Co.llns, mother of Mrs. T. L. Bender and
William and Joseph Collins, and slsier-lu-law
of Mrs. M. A. E. Roberts, a native of St. John,
New Brunswick, aged 60 years.
83" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the luneral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock a. St., from. the
residence of her sister-in-law, Mrs. M. A. E.
Roberts, 1018 Post street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 . o'clock a. m. Interment.
Intermeut Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CONTINHO— In the CUy and County Hospital,
p February 23, 1897, Manuel G. Continho, aged 36
: years. , ..-• .
DALTON— A requiem high mass of a month's
mind will be celebrated in Sacred Heart Cburcn,
Fillmore ana Pell streets, TO-MORROW (Thurs-
day-, at 9 o'clock a. m.. for the r pose of the
soul Of the late John P. Dal ion. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to attend
FERRIS— in this city. February 22. 1H97, John,
beloved son of Catherine Ferris, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years. ■ '
GOLDEN— In this city. February 21, 1897. Hanora
X.. relict of the late Maurice M. Golden, and
aunt of Katie and Ju'la Clifford, a native of
Cahlrciveen, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 35
years.
JSS*rFrlends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. *-- from her late
residence, 1701 Mason street, thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated ior the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUSCETTI— In thiscliy. . Mrs. C. P. Guscettl.
; aged 19 years 7 months and 3 days. _ ,
GALLAGHER— In the City and County Hospital,
February 23, 1897,' Patrick Gallagher, aged 68
. years.
GALLAGHER— In this city, February 23,1897.
John Gallagher, a native of Ireland, aged 6.
. years. ... >-
HOFFMANN— In this city. February 22. i;*o7,
George, beloved husbana of A*_rnsta Hoffman 11.
father of Tiliie, Erne.t, George. Henry and Died-
rich Hoffmann, brother of l-rnest and Dlednch
Hoffmann, and uucle of Frank and Wllilam
Hoffmann and Mrs. P. Mehrkens, a native of
. Hanover, Germany, aged 62 years 1 month and
22 days. A member of Vereiu Eintracht, Court
- Kensington No. 790 L A. O. F., and. Society
. -.chiller Bund. .. . .
. Friends and acoualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it, from Duven-
eck's Hall, corner Twenty-fourth and Church
streets, interment I. O. O. I. Cemetery.
HARROD— In Oakland, February 23, 1897, Jo-
seph A., beloved nusbaad of Ella V. Harrcd,
a native of Baltimore, aged 66 years 3 months
and 6 day a -'
KAMMERER— In this city. February 22, 1897.
Minnie, beloved wife of Frederick Kammerer.
and mother of Mrs, Louis O. Lucchesi and
Frederick aod Gustave Kammerer, a native o.'
Braunschweig, Germany, aged 63 years 7 months
and 21 days.
03* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 43l Clementina street, between Fifth
and Sixth, tbence. to Cypress Lawn Chapel for
services. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MEEKS— In North Tem-scal. February 22, 1897.
William Newton Meeks a native or New York
City, aged 76. years 1 month and 10 days.
AST Friends - are reuect fully Invue-l to attend
the funeral TOMORROW (Thursday), at 2
o'clock p. m.. from the residence, Columbus ave-
nue. North Tetnescal. Interment private,-
MeCUE— this city, . February _2. 1897, George
McCue, formerly of Yukon. Alaska, aged 60
years:
83" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m„ from I. O. O. F.
all, corner .Seventh and I Market street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
McKITTRICK— In this city, February 23,1897,
Charles J., beloved son of James and Nellie Me-
. Kittrick. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
- .11 months and 13 days. >
OSuOdD— In this city, February 22. 1897, John
A. Osgood, a native of Massachusetts, aged 70
years, . . .•'.--:'■. is '•'
POWERS— In this city. February 23, 1897, Anna
Marguerit", beloved daughter of William H. and
Laura Bride Powers, a n„.iv. of San Francisco,
age 1 4 years and 4 months.
-_3~Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., at the family
residence, 417 Larkin street. Interment private.
SHANNON— In . this city. February 21. 1897,
Thomas B. Shannon, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 69 years and 5 months.
. J*y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clocic p. St., from the par-
lors of Pton-er Hall, Fourth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
SOLRDrtY-ln Oakland. February 20, 1897.
* Edouard Victor, beloved son of Mrs. C and the
late John G. sourdrv. and brother of Mme. de
Begen of Paris, a native ot Columbia, CaL, aired
41 years 6. months and 29 days.
83" Friends are respectfully Invited to at ten 1
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 10
o'cloc- a. St. from | his late residence. 88 santa
Clara avenue, tneuue to St. Francis de Sales
Church. Where 'a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose -of Ms soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. __ Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco.-
SMITH— In this city. February 23. 1897. Henry,
beloved father or E. Tlorence Smith, a naiveof
Philadelphia; Pa. aged 85 years 2 months and
13 days. .. - . . ; . •
jgyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), ac 2:l. o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted A Co.. 943 Mission street.
"Interment Cypress Lawn cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend streets.
THOMPSON— In this city. February .0, 1897.
Niels Thompson, late "of Point Arena, a native
of D«nmar<c, aged 63 years and 2 months.
83" Remains at the parlors of Hals ed A Ca,
946 Mlsiio 1 street. Interment at Point Areas.
WENZEL— In Haywards. February 22, 1897.
Adolo h. Wensel, a native of Germany, aged 66
years 9 months and 27 days
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited io attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Thursday), at . o'clock p. _t.. from his late
'residence lv Haywards Interment at ' San
Lore izo. ■ ' ...-.:
1 McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EHBALMKR., .
tO "ruth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
'_
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN MATEO COUNTY :' NEAREST, OEM a
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex.
elusive-. location unexcelled. . Ot_»:» avl ■*...-.
street, southeast corner v «-___, -
1314
SCHUSSLER SAYS THE WATER COMPANY MUST GET FAIR RATES
-
Otherwise He Informs Mayor Phelan They May Appeal to a More Powerful
Tribunal—Certain Previous Valuations, He Contends, Were
Not Capably Undertaken.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE DISCUSSES MAINS,
- METERS AND HYDRANTS AND EXAMINES
THE WATER COMPANY'S MAPS.
Dr. Clinton Was Forced to Amend an Earlier Resolution and
Make the Appointment of Exp ..-rts Subject to
the Board's Approval.
Mayor Phelan was absent when the .
Board of Supervisors met last night to
continue the water rates investigation,
and Dr. Rottanzi was thereupon appointed j
to preside. Chief Engineer Schnssler and j
Attorney Kellogg were both in attend
ance, and the former was again called
upon, somewhat later in the evening, to
give evidence, but before this stage was
reached the board indulged in some pre
liminary discussion.
"What is your pleasure, gentlemen,"
queried Dr. Rottanzi.
Dr. Clinton said he wished to offer
another resolution in place of that which
was adopted at the previous meeting, i
relative to the employment of experts, j
Jin the latter resolution the word "board" j
had been used instead of "committee." J
.The present resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the committee on water and j
water supply, if deemed necessary in its judg
ment, is hereby authorized and empowered to
■"employ an expert accountant to examine and
report upon the books and accounts of the j
Spring Valley Water Works Company, and if )
deemed expedient said committee is further
empowered to employ an engineer or corps of
engineers to examine into the works and
sources of supply of said Spring Valley Water
Works, the sources utilized in supplying the
City and County and the capacity of said
sources to furnish the daily supply; property
owned and not utilized and its valuation, the i
condition of the works and a comprehensive I
estimate of operating expenses, and the valua- i
tion -of all property of the company, including I
reservoirs, pipes and mains, with such other j
in forms as may be developed in the ex-
Bmitisfon, that may be pertinent to the in
quiry*-- to character, condition and value of
the __-jteerty belonging to the Spring Valley
IVaierj^Yorks.
Supervisor Haskins said the City al
ready %ad two experts in its employ, and
he thought that that portion of the reso
lution should be stricken out.
Supervisor Britt said he would like to |
ask if at the last meeting of the board i
action was not taken on tbis identical
proposition?
Dr. Clinton pointed out that the object |
of the present resolution was merely to j
correct an error contained in the first. !
The original resolution conferred power
upon the board, instead of the committee, j
which was absurd. If there were experts !
in the employ of the City, the committee j
certainly would not overlook them.
Britt, continuing, .aid be was opposed i
to the resolution. The board was re- j
"sponsible for the action of any export ap- j
.pointed, and ii it were deemed necessary
to make such an appointment the power j
Should certainly remain with the board. !
since the responsibility rested with the j
latter. The fixing of the rates would de- j
pend upon the recommendations of the '
experts, and be contended that this privi
lege should not be given oyer to any com
mittee. Even as a member of the Water j
Committee he did not desire to force upon
the board any expert unacceptable to it.
Supervisor Delany thought the resolu
tion premature. . The witnesses hitherto !
examined had given the committee more j
information than was really necessary, j
and he held that the investigation should
.be continued. Seeing that the board was
pledged to retrenchment, he was opposed
to the creation of new offices, and there
lore to the resolution.
Dr. Dodge said that if the report of the
experts were to be accepted as final he
would be opposed to any shifting of the
responsibility, but if the committee ap
pointed tbem to obtain information which
the committee could not itself obtain, in
order to arrive at an intelligent con
clusion, he could not see where the ob
jection arose to their appointment. The
small expense involved, in view of the im
portance of the inquiry, should not cut
any figure. He also thought that the ap
pointment should be left to the judgment
of the committee, nor did he believe that
the board would have any cause to com
plain of its action if this were done. The
trouble about the information hitherto
supplied was that it was not just what the
c.ommitttee desired, and in view of the
difficulty experienced in obtaining the in
formation the committee did desire, be
did not think: that this uncalled-for in
formation should be taken in favor of the
company. . The committee bad asked
specific questions at the beginning of the
investigation, which bad not yet been an
swered.
Supervisor Britt again voiced his objec
tions to any surrender of the board's au
thority to the committee in this connec
tion.
Dr. Clinton said that the board seemed
determined to misunderstand him on this
point. The resolution was desi.ned to cor
rect the earlier one, nor did be want to go
outside the employes of the City in en
gaging an expert, "It." continued he,
"you are going to emasculate the commit
tee at this stage of the proceedings I de
sire to resign. Ido not ask you to employ
an engineer now. It may not be neces
sary. But if it is, we should be able to do
"t at once. Ido not think lam egotistical
when I say that I believe the board should
have sufficient confidence in us to repose
this power in the committee."
Supervisor Haskins argued that the
power of the board should not be segre
gated in a committee of five.
Supervisor Shechan arose to ask who
had employed the stenographer in this in
vestigation.
Dr. Clinton replied that it was custom
ary for the chairman of the committee to
encage the stenographer, but that on this
occasion the board, with its usual desire
ior patronage, made the appointment.
The resolution was then put to the vote
and defeated on a division of 7 to 4, De
vaaey, Haskins, Delaney, Sheeban, Mor
ton, Britt and Rivers being in the neg
ative.'£aßSt§_§B|
Dr. Clinton then moved that the Com
mittee on Water and Water Supply be
empowered, if necessary, to employ an
engineer, or corps of engineers, and an ex
pert accountant to assist the committee in
this examination, and that their selection
be subject to the approval of the board.
The motion carried by 10 to 1, Delaney
alone voting in the negative.
The cleric read the recent opinion fen
dered by the City and County Attorney in
response to the board's inquiry as to the
logality of fixing the rates later than Feb
ruary. The writer stated in effect tbat
though the board might be prosecuted for
malfeasance in office should the fixing of
the rates be delayed the possibility of such
procedure being resorted to could not af
fect the legality of the action or its neces
sity and that the investigation could be
continued up to the last day of June.
Dr. Clinton said he was pleased to bear
this, because as chairman of the commit
tee he would not be ready to offer a report
this month. The more he saw of this
question the more momentous it seemed
to* him. He had not yet had a chance to
visit either the company's office or the
various sources of supply, which was a
duty he hoped tbe board would assist him
to undertake at an early date. He need
not repeat that it was the desire of the
committee to deal fairly by both tbe com
pany and the people. He moved that the
communication be received and tiled.
Dr. Rottanzi from the chair warned the
board of the risk it was assuming in de
laying the investigation be\*ond February.
The motion subsequently carried and
the board resolved itself into committee
of the whole, with Dr. Clinton in the
chair.
Dr. Rottanzi moved tbat any report or
communication from the company be
forthwith read. He believed he made a
motion at the last meeting requesting the
secretary to supply the committee with a
statement concerning stocks and bonds.
The clerk said that no communication
had been received.
* Attorney Kellogg informed tbe board
that the secretary would be sworn to give
the necessary information.
Rottanzi preferred to postpone the
hearing of the secretary's testimony and
proceed with the examination of Engineer
Schussler. He wanted a written state
ment.
Mr. Schussler again took the stand and
Supervisor Lackman resumed the in
quiry with the following question: "What
proportion of the company's receipts are
obtained from private consumers and
from meter rates and what proportion
from special and general rates?"
The witness said he was willing to give
all the information in his power, but
asked the committee that be might be
permitted to finish his answers without
being constantly interrupted, as such in
terruptions interfered seriously with his
answers. He could not reply to the
above question definitely, but the book
keeper could. He (Schussler) could* only
give the total income of the company from
private consumers and from the City.
ln the absence of the bookkeeper the
question was passed over.
"What," asked Lackman, "was the
number of hydrants placed in the City
during the last eighteen months, or from
July 1,1895?"
The witness thought he could closely
approximate the number set in 1895 and
1896. During the second half of 1895 the
number was greater than during the first
half, owing to the urgent request of the
Fire Department. * The company could
hardly keep pace with the demand from
the department and the board, in addition
to which the former would not consent to
the hydrants being attached to- 6-inch
pipes, so that the company had to lay
fresh pipe. He believed tbat the exact
number set in 1895 could be obtained from
the Fire Department The total, he
thought, in that year wa3 3296, though
some bad afterward been taken up and re
placed. There were possibly 3000 hydrants
now, in round numbers. About 520 or 530
were set in 1895 and from 475 to 490 in the
whole of 1896, or about 1000 for the two
years. '. . ; 7
"The hydrant rate was increased from
$2 50 to $5. was it not?" asked Lackman.
"Yes," replied the witness, "and upon
that we have spent many thousands of
dollars in accordance with the request of
tbe Fire Department, especially south of
Market street." The City, he continued,
has less hydrants, in proportion to tbe
number of miles of pipe, than any large
city in America.
"They did not increase as rapidly when
the rate was $2 50?" suggested Lnckman.
"No," replied Mr. Schussler,. "because
when the rate was increased we could af
ford to increase the number of mains."
The Board of Supervisors in office in 1895,
he said, in order to decrease the water
rates on private consumers and to meet
the urgent demands of the Chief of the
Fire Department, increased the rate from
$2 50. to $5, and thereupon the company
went to work and resystematized their
main system and placed hydrants thereon.
"The last report," said Lackman, "states
that the lowest rate for meters is $2 50.
Are there not many consumers who- do
not use so much water?"
The witness said he knew nothing about
that. But the total revenue from water
sales by meter was 22>_ cents per 1000
gallons; or if one divided all the money
received from water rates by the amount
of water sold through the meters they re
ceived on an average about 22*^ cents, and
that was identically the same price,
within a fraction, as the total revenue for
water sales— viz. : 22">_ cents.
Supervisor Britt— You said that several
changes were made in your water system
in the southern portion of the City after
the large fire. Are yon prepared to give
us an idea of— to describe and illustrate—
the changes that were made there and the
size of the mains?
Mr. Schussler here produced two large
maps showing respectively the entire pipe
system of the City and the work done in
1895 and 1896. The pipes marked in red,
he explained io the Supervisors, who
crowded round him to inspect the maps,
were laid in 1895, and those -marked in
blue in 1896. The pipes in the vicinity of
the recent fire were only large enough to
supply the wants of ordinary consumers
and were rapidly exhausted.
"Who was to blame for this stato of af
fairs?" asked the chairman. ,'J'JJ- J
"The City was ;to blame," I replied tHe
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 897.
witness promptly, "for leaving the neigh
borhood unprotected, because they had so
continuously crippled our resources we
could not afford to lay a larger system."
Blocks of twelve or sixteen inch pipe, he
added, cost a lot of something
like $2700 or $2800 at $3 a foot. Hydrants
at $2 50 or $3 a month did not pay them
for the trouble and expense involved. If
the City would agree to pay them $5 a hy
drant or any fair sura to guarantee them
an income on the extra outlay then they
could come to an understanding as to now
many hydrants they should put in.
A long and informal discussion fol
lowed, in which the witness pointed out
the various improvements made by the
company in the locality outlined by the
maps. On Stevenson street, for example,
be cited the new main which is taking
the place of the old 6-inch pipes at the
request of the Fire Department.
Mr. Schu-sler stated that the rates on
water had been gradually reduced from
47.85 cents per 1000 gallons in 1865 to 22.5
cents in 1896.
"When this City has reached 700,000 in
habitants the rate will be about 15 cents
per 1000 gallons." said the engineer, "when
there are 1,000,000 people about 13 cents
and when the population teaches 1,250,000
the rate will not be greater than 11 cents
per 1000 gallons." 7. 7
In reference to some of the possible
sources of supply, Mr. Schussler stated
that if the Searsville dam was built and
the water turned on it would furnish about
5,000,000 gallons per day. The system, Mr.
; Schussler said, would cost about $1,000,
--000. Already $120,000 have been spent on
the dam. Fifty feet is to be added to the
thickness and forty feet to the height,
thus increasing the capacity tenfold.
In reference to Pescadero and San
Gregorio creeks, Mr. Schussler stated that
the two could be made to furnish 18,000,000
gallons per day. . _* ~f.
In answer to a question from Mayor
Phelan, who bad come in in the mean
time, Mr. Schussler stated that the Cal
averas lands and water rights had cost
about $1,000,000 and the possible supply
is about 28,000,000 to 30,000,000 gallons per
day. . : , * .'.:'
The cost of the property on Stockton
and Geary streets on which the company
is now erecting its new offices was stated
by Mr. Schussler to be $475,000, $120,000 for
the lot and about $355,000 for the ouilding.
Mayor Phelan wanted to know whether
the Spring Valley Company had not dis
couraged the establishing of small private
water plants.
Mr. Schussler said that he knew noth
ing about the matter, that he had beard
more about such matters in the City Hall
than in his own office.
Mayor Phelan asked how much money
had been spent by the company in im
proving the plant since 1890.
Mr. Schussler gave the figures for the
new construction account, which includes
land purchased lor reservoir sites aud
other purposes. The figures were then
given as follows:
l?flO » $637,454 18
J£9l 683.196 70
JggiJ •- • 230.3.-7 19
1 1893 8*17,1 S_
J»9f 367.781 81
189* 485,910 -.8
1 «9«5 432,378 20
Total *3, 169.400 68
Then the Mayor asked that the reports
of Engineer, yon Schmidt and Dunn on
the value of the works in 1890 be incor
porated in the report of the proceedings.
Yon Schmidt estimated the value of the
plant at $13,642,000 and Dunn at $13,313,
--504, making the total value according to
' the experts and the figures previously
given about $16,811,400.
Engineer Schussler objected to these
figures on the ground that the proper
value of the properties wa» not known to
the engineers, and also on the ground that
large properties were left out of the es
timate.
"Well, we are the judges," said the
Mayor, "we consider tbe value of your
plant for the purpose of fixing rates."
"If you would transpose that word 'fix
ing' into 'reducing' you would do better,"
retorted Schussler.
"Oh, we are the judges," said the Mayor.
"If you are poor judges then we will go
to law about it," answered the engineer.
"You have got to give us fair rates on our
investments and running expenses. We
will have fair rates or we will have some
one greater than the Board of Supervisors
step in."
Mayor Phelan accused the company of
inflating the value of the bonds ot .the
company from $7,000,000 to $11,000,000, but
was checked by Attorney Kellogg, who
insisted that no such thing had been done.
The committee then adjourned until
7:30 o'clock on Thursday evening.
THE BIG ROAD RACE.
Associated Club*' Twenty - five - Mile
Event 'Will Be Held Sunday.
Tue. road-racing committee of the As
sociated Cycling Clubs has decided to hold
the annual tweniy-five-mile event, which
was postponed from Washington's birth
day, owing to the bad condition of the
roads around San Leandro, on next Sun
day, the 27th. .
: A two weeks' postponement was first
contemplated, but the roads have. dried
so rapidly that they will he in excellent
condition by next Sunday, and it was
thought best to hold the race then and
have it over with. There are over 100
men entered, and it would bava been hard
to have held them all in training lor an
additional two weeks.
The Imperial Cycling Club's ten-mile
event, which was scheduled for next Sun
day, will therefore, be put over until
March 7, and the members have been so
notified.
There will be a big entry list of crack
riders for the Santa Rosa meet next Satur
day. In the professional events particu
larly will be seen the speediest field of
starters ever gathered together at a Cali
fornia meet, and the amateur events will
include all th<* crackerjacks in that class.
A special round-trip rate from this City of
$1 50 has been secured, and the visitors
from here must take the 7:30 a. m. Tibu
ron ferry, and will get back about 9 o'clock
Saturday night. •
A Planet Visible at Midday.
The planet Venus may now be seen In broad
daylight. Her apparent position is about 45
degrees behind or eastward of the sun. She
will be at the meridian at exactly 3 o'clock
this afternoon and at an Altitude of about 63. _
degrees. Her present diameter is 27 seconds
of an arc. It will gradually increase until
April 26, when it will have become GO sec
onds, or the maximum. Venus reached her
greatest eastern elongation about midnight of
February 15. She is now apparently approach
ing the sun, and on April 26 will be between
the earth and the sun.
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper:
thus the water-mark. My sell-Rollins, 22 Clay*
Suggestions From the New Burlesque on "The Prisoner of Zenda/'
to Ec Presented by the Concordia Qub Next Saturday.
TO COST ALMOST
THREE THOUSAND
The Concordia Club to Give
a Grand Entertain
ment.
John- P. .Wilson and William
Lorraine Have Joined
Hands.
"Z nda's King," a Rollicking Bur
lesque, the Rssu Gorge Lask
Is Stage Director.
— W\
The Concordia Club will on Saturday
evening next present an original bur
lesque on "The Prisoner of Zenda" en
titled, "Zenda's King, or a Misfit Mon
arch.'' The "book" was written by John
P. Wilson, who was so long identified
with the Tivoli, and the music by William
Lorraine, a young composer, who first
made himself popular by his well-known
"Mollie Newell." The libretto is very
funny and the music excellent, and it is a
safe wager that this entertainment will
[ outshine anything ever given by a private
organization in this City. Special scenery
Is being painted lor it and handsome cos
tumes specially designed. George .Lask of
the Tivoli is staging the affair. The prima
donnas (Leon Greene baum and Milton
Bremer) are on speaking terms and the
burlesque is progressing swimmingly.
The first scene is laid in tbe woods of
Puritania witb an inn in view. The act is
opened by a soldiers' chorus, "The Royal
Guards of Puritania." Colonel Blotz en
ters and informs them that King Ruled
off is to be crowned on the morrow, but
that Swatz Mike (Black Michael) is plot
ting for the throne. They all swear alle
gience to Ruledoff and exeunt. Black Mike
witb his two minions Bluster and Buster
mace their appearance and he sings, "I
Am the Heavy Villain of the Play," and
does a dance, after which the minions
disappear and Antwinette (a Chicago ad
venturess, who has previously been mar
ried to every man in the play) makes her
entrance. She and the villain plot deep
plots and resolve to buy some "knock-out
drops" and thereby dispose of Ruledoff.
Antwinette bies to the drugstore to. pro
cure the deadly potion, and Black Mike
hies to the nearest grocery-store to buy his.
The King is heard outside to sing a
drunken song, and enters in a glorious
state of intoxication. He calls loudly for
the barmaid. Antwinette comes in, and
after handing him the drug recognizes
in him one of her former husbands,' and
makes a hurried exit. The King, after
drinking amply, becomes delirious and
sees visions.
"Don't you see them?" he moans; "the
angels round the top of The Call build
ing."
Bluster and Buster enter and carry him
off to a place of safety. ;*-*: 7
Fritz and Colonel Blotz next appear.
Tbey have discovered . the disappearance
of the King and are considerably worried,
knowing that Black Mike is next of- kin,
and will reign if the real King cannot be
found. They are in the depths of despair,
when Razzle Dazzle, a tramp, rides in on
a small velocipede. He bears a startling
resemblance to the King. -77 ■
"Hold, an idea The tramp shall im
personate the King." v - ■ . . ■ •.._ .
Without further adieu they proceed to
shave Razzle Dazzle, who loudly protests,
but o.i being told that he is handsomer
than before he becomes satisfied. Exit
all to have a drink on the new King. .
A wild blast of music announces the ar
rival of all concerned to hear the procla
mation Black Mike bas prepared, telling
of the disappearance of Ruledoff and bis
(Black Mike's) succession to Ibe throne in
consequence. He winds up. by asking all
tho>e in favor of his reigning to say
'aye." All shout "aye."
Triumphant entrance of Razzle Dazzle
as the King. He divests Black Mike of
the royal toga, crown and scepter, and in
forms those present that be has. opened a
keg of beer at bis own expense, and in
vite all to have some. > They do so. and
tbe first act closes there.
The second act opens tn the throne room
of the palace. and the chorus singing a
drinking song.* The bogus king enters
with Colonel Boltz and Fritz, who are
trying to teach him courtly manners.
Black Mike enters unobserved by them,
shaking his fist as they wend their way off
center. T. Willie Dare-Devil runs in and
informs Black Mike that the real king is
confined within the walls of Zenda. Mike
sees a ray of hope and dispatches
William *to do away with the king for
good.
The crowning of the bogus King is next
on the programme and the soldiers as
semble for the ; : event. 7 Then follows
grand processional entrance of ; Razzle-
Dazzle leading the Princess Caviar, who is
heavily veiled. Razzle places the crown
npon his head and says a la Chimmie
Fadden, "Me and Napoleon always does
our own crowning," after which eloquent
burst of language* the soldiers back out.
leaving the king and the princess alone.
He proceeds to court her, as per Colonel
Blotz's instructions, and j upon removing
her veil "to gaze into the windows of her
soul" starts back in. horror, for the prin
cess is a fright. He says he thinks he
will take a stroll, but on being confronted
by pistols by Blotz and Fritz changes his
mind, comes back and sings a topical
song. After divers tendernesses she de
parts. Blots enters and tells him of the
real king's discovery. "We will lose our
heads and maybe our jobs."
The roar of a cannon is heard without
and several baits roll across the stage.
Black Mike r.nd Razzle engage in mortal
combat. Mike is about to slay Razzle,
when the princes- rushes in between
them, exclaiming "King or no king, I Jove
him!" Mike is about to ascend the
throne when the soldiers rush in and say,
"King Ruledoff is at the gates of the
palace." Black Mike is condemned . to
have his bead put under the pump. He
faints at the trough of water and is car
ried out by Bluster and Buster.
Thus the burlesque ends happily for all
concerned, the clever skit winding up
with a medley of popular songs put to
nursery rhymes. -
It will, indeed, be a grand affair, costing
$3000, and he or she may count himself as
fortunate who gets an invitation.
WANT A NEW AVENUE
.Sunset Club Wants Nineteenth Avenue
Opened From the Park to
Ingleside.
The residents of that section of the City
lying south of Golden Gate Park and west
of First avenue, who designate their ter
ritory as "Sunset Valley," claim to be in
sore need of improvements. The first and
most important of the many evils com
plained of is the entire lack of sewerage in
that section. To remedy this a petition
was drawn up at a meeting of the Sunset
Improvement Club at H street and Ninth
avenue last night, which was signed by
all the members present. This will be
presented to the Supervisors at their next
meeting on Monday afternoon, request
ing that a sewer be constructed from First
to Twentieth avenue over the following
line: Along J street to Tenth avenue;
thence along H street to Eighteenth ave
nue, terminating at Twentieth avenue and
I street. This, if done, will, it is claimed,
carry off the refuse from the Almshouse,
which is permitted to lodge in a foul pond
in the sandhill south of the inhabited
portion of the valley. *
The next request that will come from
this club will be to have Nineteenth ave
nue opened from tbe park to Ingleside.
The Spring Valley Water Company has
promised to deed a strip of its land to the
City for that purpose. j- :;'.,■
A resolution was introduced by James
Kavanagh requesting that the pound
limits be not extended to tbis section at
present. _________________________
A STRIKE THREATENED.
Employes in the State Printing
0 fiee Have Not Been
Paid.
District Organizer H. H. Watts Wl.l
Go to the Scene of the Trouble '
at Once.
A telegraphic dispatch received by The
Call from its special Sacramento corre
spondent stated that the printers in the
Slate Printing Office will go out on a
strike to-day. A strike would clog the
work of the Legislature and cause great
trouble for the State's law-makers. Such
a . thing as a body of union workmen
blocking the work of a Legislature by a
strike has no precedent in the history of
the United States. j .
District Organizer H. H. Watts of this
City, whose district takes in California,
Arizona and Nevada, will leave for the
scene the trouble to-day. The cause of
the trouble, Mr. Watts states, is that
the printers have not been paid for their
services for the past six weeks, and unless
they fore* the Legislature into providing
for their money by appropriation, they
may be left out altogether.
From what can be learned the difficulty
is caused by a difference of opinion be
tween Governor Budd and State Printer
Johnston. The letter asked for an appro
priation of $75,0"/0 to properly conduct the
office, hut after tue bill reached the Gov
ernor's Lands he blue-penciled or vetoed
tfte measure. Two other bilis appropriat
ing money for the State Printing Office
have been placed on tbe shelf, and mean
while 350 attaches of the office have been
wondering when and how they will be
paid. As it is expected that the Legisla
ture will come to an a ■ journment on or
about March 13 the printers decided to
force the issue. . --■-
. Mr. Watts, in discussing the situation,
stated that he does not believe that the
men will go out on a strike to-day, for it
would be a violation of the. International
Typographical Union's rules. Before a
strike could be legal, under union rules,
the men would have to obtain the consent
of the International Union's officers, who
are in Indianapolis.
It is possible, but not likely, that the
men may walk out on their own responsi
bility, out in such a case they could not
look to tbe union for support.
THE BUSY BURGLAR.
A R-oming-Hoaie on Grove Street and
Van Ness' Avenue Entered.
A burglar entered tbe rooming-house of
Mrs. Cook, Van Ness avenue and Grove
street, Monday afternoon and broke into
.the rooms occupied by. J. Baldwin, using
a false key.
Baldwin left bis rooms about 1 o'clock
aud returned about two hours later, when
be discovered that some one had been
there before him. "'.*'
•* Among the articles stolen were two
suits of clothes, a clock, a razor, a revolver
and a valuable valise, which fortunately
was empty.
Suit Against Red Men.
Joseph S. Schuster hai sued Pacific Stamm
No. 78, United Order of Red Men, for $300 said
to be due for funeral benefit on account of the
death of the late John Schuster. • . - 7*7-7 s r?
KEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS
NOVELTY
BUCK
'-
• ■ - ....
GOODS!
SPRING 1897.
Our importations of NEW BLACK DRESS
FABRICS are now ready for inspection. The
styles are the most elegant we have ever
shown and are the production of the best
manufacturers.
SPBCIALi !
f 50 pieces 44-Inch BLACK FIGURED DRESS
FABRICS, in an elegant variety of designs,
75c a Yard.
75 pieces BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH, in a
good assortment of styles (both figured
and striped), full 44 inches in width,
$1.00 a Yard.
12 pieces 44- Inch BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH,
all elegant designs,
$1.50 a Yard.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
TEJ-LiHSFHO-STH! ORANT IS4.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ILLNESS CAUSES
A SHORT DELAY
The Craven-Fair Struggle
Goes Over Until
Monday.
Delmas Was Anxious for Trial
at One?, but Pierson
Was Sick.
Cooney 's Attorneys Decide Not to
Introduce Any Evidence in I
' His Defense.
The fight between Mrs. Nettie R. Craven
and tne Fair heirs opened yesterday morn
ing in court, but only for a time long
enough to inform Judge Slack that Attor
ney M. M. Pierson was sick and that an
adjournment until Monday was in order.
It was Pier-on's partner, R. B. Mitchell,
who brought this news to court. Mitchell
said Pierson was seriously ill and pro
duced a doctor's certificate to corroborate
his wofds. He thought an adjournment
for two weeKs would be the proper thing.
Attorney D. M. Delmas was for. an im
mediate trial. As the representative of
Mrs. Craven he was tired of delays and
postponement. "We were told a week
ago," said Dalmas, "that there would be
no further delays. -Mr. Pierson anyhow,
as I understand it, is not the leading
counsel on the other side." r i>v:" ,7
Mitchell, in reply, said Pierson had
spent the past fifteen months in studying
up the law in the case. His illness was
unavoidable. Garret McEnerney chipped
in to say that as th- re was a* trial eoing on
at present it would hardly be worth while
10 begin the case this week. Judge Slack
finally agreed to let the affair go over
until Monday next.
In Judze Cook's court the Cooney case
was called to allow his 'attorneys to an
nounce what plans they had matured for
his defense. Attorney Keddy thought
there was no evidence against the notary
worthy of the name, and informed the
court that no evidence would be intro
duced in his client's behalf. Attorney
Reddy then proceeded to recite legal au
thorities in support of his contention that
Cooney should be discharged, after which
the court announced that a decision would
be rendered this morning.
In the afternoon Judge Cook laid the
matter before* the Grand Jury. He said
the case was takine up a great deal of his
time and suggested that the jurors read
the testimony for themselves.
KAEHS .WAS CONVICTED.
Caught With Counterfeit Nickels In His
- Possession and Unable to Explain.
•William A. Karns, who. was arrested in
Stockton on December 12 last on a charge
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Ilailt ST*. Sflfm, ' „ "* **«
k\*&A\\xt*f A 1 * /•////■/ __& tivtj'
:.": it : • • y%<i«fmYm^/<Zc£Ju^ *.»*!«*-
of counterfeiting and having spurious
coins in his possession, was convicted in,
the United States District Court yester
day.
Xarns put up a very weak defense, being
the only witness called by his attorney,
A. P. Van Dozer. He testified that he
had caught a woman living in the house
where he boarded making counterfeit
nickels and had warned her against the
practice and had taken her tools and ma
terials from her to prevent her from get
ting into trouble. This he said accounted
for tbe spurious 5-cent pieces found on
him. He could not explain why he had
not destroyed the stuff or turned it over
to the officers.
Tne testimony ■ produced by Secret
Service Agent Harris and elaborated by
the questioning of Assistant United
States District Attorney Bert Scniess
inger was strong, and tbe jury brought
in a verdict of guilty after a short delib
eration.
Will Be In May.
A meeting of the delegates appointed by
the various organizations ot San Francisco to
assist In the preparations for the coming Car
nival of the Golden Gate will be held in the
assembly room of the California Hotel, Bush
street, above Kearny, this evening.
In deference to the wishes of the Native
Sous of the Golden West, as expressed by a
delegation of the grand officers, the date of
the carnival has been changed to the week
commencing Monday, May 3. The promises
of heafty co-operation made by these gentle*
men inspire the committee with greater hope
for its ultimate success. ■ ~,-i'
raw to-dat:
Hello, Sir! -..
Mr. Grocer —
Of "Trophy";
give me a can,
sir!
Nothing else
will answer?
No, sir!
I_ A. Berteltn?. I***""**. B. Sordman. V.p_e-Pras,
A. W. Klrt. Sec. J o *- Nordman, Treat
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.) I
**'•— HAS REMOVED TO- . '
16 KEARNY STREET
O DEWEY ICO,^
PATENTS* 3
;^ffi_/220 MARKET aT.SJ^S_-^