VOLUME LXXXI.-NQ. ftO^
TURKS REPULSED
BY THE GREEKS
AT VELESTINO
Attack the Fortified Town
and Encounter Stubborn
Resistance*
FORCED TO WITHDRAW WITH
CONSIDERABLE LOSS.
Important Victory on the New Line of
Defense — Edhem Pasha Sends a Flag
of Truce to the People
of Volo.
ATHENS, GazECB, April 28.— A dispatch
from Volo dated Jast evening says the
Turks attacked tae town of Velestino.
The • . : been fortified by the
Greeks. Tbe iatter made a determined
he Turk' were compelled
to withdraw with considerable loss. The
:ne eastern end of the line that
I : " ::ed from Pharsaia.
It is ?aid that Eihem Pasha i.a- sen; a
- V 10, with the as-ur:»nce
he Tarkish troops will inflict no
_c upon trie e;ty or its c.t;zer:s.
::ie doubt, therefore, that
-rids to occury Volo.
A peneral engagement between the
• treeis and Turks is expected to-morrow
si no.
Upon receipt of the telegram from M.
:ak:s, the naval officer who yester
day sent a mes<a. c to the Mini-ter oi
Marina declaring "Duiine the four days
Map of the City and Gulf of Vole, Showing Approaches From the North, Outlets South
and West and the Battle-ground at Tepe-Pilav.
Volo, the objective point of Lihem Pasha's movement to tbe •.„, Js a position of great importance to the Greek, ..
long as they remain on the Pbarsa'.a line of defense. To hold it and the railroad connecting it with Pharsaia is an object of
prime jmporiance, as they can thereby keep up quick communication with Athens by rail and sea. while, should they lose it
all supplies must be sent by land. ■ * '
The city contain, about 11.000 people, and .s. in fact, two towns counted as one. The old town lies on the lower slope of
Uount *elion. about a m.le and a half away from the "Skala," or landing place, wnicb. since the opening of the railroad to
Lai.ssa and Tn*ka,a in IS* has grown rapidly and become the center of tbe business lite. Tne place fa flunked on the east
by Mount Pelion 524) feet high, and on the north the Pies.idhi Mountains me to a height of 3600 feet. On the northeast lies
the pass of Tepe-Pi:av. through which come the railroad and highway from Larissa. and by which tbe Turkish advance must
be made.
There are no defenses In the port except what may hare been very lately contracted. The only fortifi cations about the
city consist of a fort of heavy masonry on a rocky led B e northwest of the town, which commands the city, the "Skala" and
the upper harbor, but has little bearing on the roads from the northwest.
Threemilestotae.we*t, near\elestino. is the junction of the railroad to Pharsaia and Trikkal*. which after Uavin*
Velestlno, runs through a series of deep catlings to tr,e summit of the pas, overlooking the plain of Velestino. Nearly parallel
to the railroad is the wason road to Pharsaia and intermediate points. A coaple of miles south is the plain and city of
Almyro. through which passes the mad to Lamia and beyond.
With tbe aid of war vessels in the harbor, the Greeks will probably be able to bold the port and the terminus of the rail
road, and by i;ood management keep the line intact and open to Pharsaia. Should they not aacceed in this and be flanked at
Velestino, they can withdraw by water through Trikui Channel to the and Athens, or by Oreaa Channel to Lamia
and road to Pharsaia.
The San Francisco Call
the fleet has spent at Skiathos we have
been betrayed," Lt»vides, the Minister of
Marine. -ent a message to M. Kororakis
demanding an explanation of h:s teie
gram. In reply Kororakis said that the
ships had b<?en kept idle for four days,
which under the circumstances was a be
trayal of the country.
Leviie* then demanded an explanation
from Commodore Sachtouri, the com
ma:, ier of the fleet, asking him why the
vessels were not empl yed m active ser
vice instead of lying at Skiathos, at the
entrance cf the Gulf of Volo. Commodore
Sachcouri telegraphed that the roughness
of the sea prevented tne departure of the
fleet.
Levides thereupon tendered his resig
nation and refused to resume bis duties
until Sacntouri bad been removed.
The above is the explanation of the
crisis in the Ministry of Marine yesterday.
SANFUAXCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 29, 1897.
Tepe-Pilav Pass and Velestino, Where the Turks Were Repulsed by the Greeks in Their Advance Upon Volo Yesterday.
r «„, Tk P k° view ,. is {rom the £••»*»*. side of Tere-Piiav Pass, through which run the r.ilroad and Highway from Larissa to Volo. On tae far side of tne pas- the
railroad branche^one .in. ft oin K to \ 010, six miles to the east, ana tbe oth.-r to Pharsa.a, thirty miles to the we-t. Just beyond the junction lies the town of Velestino
a i..acf -ot some 2000 people and the Pegasun Hii's overlooking \ 010 and the gulf beyond. The pa- l iea some 450 feet above th -. sea level, between the Kara Dagh or
BlacK >!oun:a:ns. on the right, and tne high spur that shoots down from Mount Peliva. between the Gulf of Volo and Karla Lake. '
NEW YORK, X V.. Aprii 28. -The
Heraid's Saionica dispatch says: Pre
vesa's Governor telegraphs that the inter
rupted communication with Saionica port
has been restored. Osman Pasha said to
day :
'Peace seems probable, but if the war
continues 1 shall start for the front Con
tinuation of the war by the Greefcs would
be fntile."
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey. April 28.
— Osman Pasha has returned. No ex
planation is vouchsafed for bis return.
GREECB MVSI HESD TUB KSEE.
Ao Change in the Attitude of the Chris-
(i<in Potrert.
LONDON, Ess., April 23.— Nothing of
importance had happened at Athens up
to the time the latest dispatches were sent
from there to-night. Tr.ese dispatches
show tLat although thtre i- c r.siderabie
excitement in the city the general situa
tion is not so threatening as It has been
and that there is no disorder of any conse
quence.
The Boule, which was summoned to
meet in extraordinary session this morn
ing, held no meeting, owing to the fact
that a quorym was not present.
The Legi-lative Assembly met again
this evening, with only uinety-rive mem
bers present. O.ie hundred and four are
necessary for a quorum, and the house
again adjourned. A great crowd was out
side the bui ding, out then* was no dis
order. The city generally is quiet.
A disvatchj:rum Athene to the Chronicle
reports: '.'l'Larsala is becoming discour
age!. A strong man could perhaps gal
vantze the nation into a supreme eflort;
otherwise I am afraid all is over."
The sipn -cauce of tLi* dispatch lies in
the intimacy of the correspondent with
high state officials. Hitherto he has been
in close touch with the highest sources of
information.
Meanwhile,despite the consultations be
tween Great Britain, France and Italy,
the beat-informed correspondents at Eu
ropean capitals concur that the attitude of
toe powers ia unchanged. They still
maintain !:••:: r ,va not to offer to
meulatc between UVeeoe and Turkey, but
await submission of the former, and
especially to ivait for the withdrawal of
Greek troops from Crete.'
Importance is attached t- the fact that
Hanotanx, the French Foreipn Minister,
to-day had an interview lasting five hours
wan Manir Bey, the Turkish Emia«a
dor. The length of the interview is taken
to indicate that there is some divergence
in the views between them. There was a
constant exchange of telegrams with Eu
ropean capitals during the conference.
The Paris correspondent of the News
telegraphs that during the conference be
tween M. Hanotaux and Muntr Bey the
Foreign Minister urged tne latter to ad
vse the Sultan to hold out the ohye
branch to Greece. It was added that if
Ottoman troops advanced the conse
quences wcuid be ii'.ca.culable. France
would be comDelled to come forward a*
the defender of :he cau-e of Christianity
and civilization. Continuing Hanotaux
declared tnat if the powers intervened in
the Levant it would not be to prop up tne
Ottoman empire. In conclusion he said
the overthrow of the dynasty at Atcens
could not tail to have far-reaching conse
quences.
The correspondent adds that as soon at
Jlunir Bey departed from the foreign
office Hanotaux summoned the heads of
various departments to receive instruc
tions.
Lord Salisbury, who has been for some
time at R vera, left Nice to-day on his re
turn to London. It is expected that he
will see Hanotaux when he arrives at
Paris to-morrow.
The Chronicle has been ?ounding yari
ous prominent men for opinions on the
Graeco-Turkish situation. It finds tha;
the darkest yiews as to Greece's pros
pects that prevail in best informed qjar
lers are common elsewhere. Di.k«, an
authojity on foreign questions and warmly
pro-Greek, takes a very pessimistic v:ew
of the situation, and thinks the powers
are determined to postpone intervention
- until the Greek dynasty has fallen. What
s will follow after he does not veniure to
prophe«y.
Tne Times' Larissa correspondent says
that Constantine was the last to leave
Lirissa when the Greeus retreated from
th.it city, and did not depart until Sunday
m >rnmg, vrtereaa the main portion of the
army left tie Jay before.
LOS ASGELES ruLCXTMERS.
Soldier* of I orlunr II ho Would fight
H • h the Gre'km.
LOS ANGELES. Cai». April 28.— There
are aoout 200 trained soldiers in this city
all organized and ready to go to Greece
and tigtu lor King George, provided his
M.-jesty remains in power and tne Turks
nave not overran bis kingdom before
these soldiers of fortune can reach the
field of battle. Scott Oliver, a detective
who has had experience in the navy, is at
the head o! the movement and is ready to
move his men at a few nours' notice it the
word is received from Athens.
The men ask only that their transporta
tion be paid and that on arrival they be
enrolled in the regular army, with their
own officers in command. There are many
among them who have seen service sna
who like a tight better than a good din
ner. Some of them are prominent in
business and social circles of the city, but
it is impossible, for obvious reasons, to
publish their name«. ' -
Genernl Jlo*b>/ It' Jt« corner ing.'; ■
\ RICHMOND. V a.,- April '28 —General
returned to; consciousness to-day,
and the first words asked -wera 'about the
Grant dedication. He listened eagerly to
all that was read to him about the great
•vent. His chances for recovery are good.
WEYLER'S
FOULEST
MASSACRE
Orders the Slaughter of \
Over a Hundred
Pacificos.
THEIR OFFENSE THAT OF
CROP-RAISING.
Had Been Given Permission
by the Governor of the
Province.
ATTACKED IN THE NIGHT BY
GULBRILLAS.
Shot Down Like Dors as Panic-
Stricken They Flee From
Their Homes.
HAVANA. Ccba., ADril 28.— Horrible
details come to Sancti Spiritu* of the
total destruction of a small village ten
miles fjom there on April 15. The Tillage
contained 150 persons, who received per
mission from the commandant of sancti
£p;ritm to rernaiu there and yrow crop-.
Oa Weyier'a last visit to that section be
wa« informed of this an i it was intimated
to him that the Spanish Governor tnere
had received money to allow them to re
main. Weyier thereupon gave orders to
Captain Diaz, the noted guerrilla leader,
to remove them.
Diaz arrived there at nisht and sta
tioned his force of 300 men around tne
settlement, completely encompassing it.
Houses throughout the village were then
tired upon simultaneously, and as the
scream.ng and defenseless people emerged
from the buildings they were shot dowa
like dogs. The Spanish guerrillas spared
neither age nor -ex. and when morning
dawaed over 100 bodies were lying in the
ruins of the once flourishing village.
D.az made a report that ne had been at
tacked by Cuuans and that some pacificos
h d been killed during the tight. The
exact facts were brought to the Junta by
a courier.
GARCIA* S GKEA.T riCIORT.
Graphic Account of tht Battle by a
-iiiiih Officer. .
HAVANA, Cum, April 25, Tia Key
West, Apr.l 23.— General Nicolas del Rey
. has been recalled to Havana from Santi
ago de Cuba. Tne cause is the great vic
tory obtained over him by Calixto Garcia
near Guamo.
Further details of the battle from Man
i zaniilo under date of April 19 show that
: the Spanish column of 2000 men was put
i to rout by the dynamite bombs that were
explbJed. Two hundred were blown up
by the bombs and 250 were slain by the
insurgents during the confusion of the
panic-striCKen Spanish column. The
bombs were planted in the road on which
the Spaniards were marching. S:x bombs
exploded simultaneously in the center of
General Rev's co umn. A Spanish officer
writes the following description of the
battle to bis family here regarding the ex
plosion:
"From the center of our column a sud-
den shock came, which threw ua to the
ground. We remained deaf and blind for
a few seconds. Then we tried to arrange
the column again, bat in tne panic and
disorder we toll one upon another in the
greatest disorder and confusion. When I
was able to stand I saw around me head
entirely cat off from bodies, pieces of hu
man limba scattered here and there, and
men without arms or lezrs crying in the
grasp of death. On the branches oi some
of the trees were the mutilated bodies of
many of our soldiers. Legs, arms ana
pieces of bloody garments were Hanging
from the tranche?. It waa perfectly easy
a few moments later for the enemy to rout
and disperse our column.
"±'earing another explosion each man
thought only of saving himself. Further
more we were surrounded in a few mo
ments by foes, who fired on us mercilessly
from all sdeo. As soon as the first shots
of the insurgents wsre henrd after the ex
plosion our general, followed by his stall
and other officers and soldier"!, fled to
Guamo. They were soon foiiowed by the
whole force. In our retreat we were
greatly harrnssed by. the Cuban cavalry."
The writer add 3 thai the Spaniards leit
on the field neaiiy all of their arms and
ammunition, besides a considerable con
voy of provisions they werj carrying to
Guamo. From other letters it is learned
that Garcia in person lei tne Cubans, and
JUSTICE STEPHEN J. FIELD.
tnat since the landing of General RolofTs
expedition in Cuba the use of dynamite
by tne Cubans is inces-ant. This has put
the bpanlsh soldier* into a state of terror
difficult to describe.
tXolUs OF BI*MM!>H ii E > CK.tl. >.
Their Zagerneia to Get Lack Borne
Caw*ea Serious Comment.
HAVANA, Cuba, Adhl 28.— Within the
paat few months :here has been a regular
exodus of Spanish generals from Cuba to
Spain, and advices from tne Philippine
Islands shoT a similar eagerness on the
part of the Spanish generals there to get
back to their own country. T..era 13 a
strong suspicion that many of the officers
in Cuba are dissatisfied with Weyier and
want to get away for that reason. So
many generals have arrived in Sp^in
lately from CuDa and the Philippine* that
the Madrid newspapers mate serious com
ments. La Lucha here takes the same
ground in condemning the officers ;or
abandoning active service in the n'eid, and
in an editorial to-day urges that the Gov
ernment take measures to stop what grows
to be a crying evil.
J> IE ti t.> i : >>, tIQURES.
Searly a Quarter of a Million loldUrt
I'.'t by Spii>,.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 23.— Diario del
Ejercito. the newspaper organ of the
Spanish army, published the following
official figures of troops sent by fcpain to
Cuba from March 1, 1895, to Ma eh 21
last: Generals. 10; colonels and major*,
775; otber officers, 6222; soldiers, 180,345.
To:al, 187.272. To the Philippine Islands
the troops sent from Spain has b*en 26,
--622, including 5 generals, 99 superior offi
cers, 735 other officers and 25,734 common
soldiers. Grand total of me:i sent to the
colonial wars in two years, 215.73 L
•>'i)iii; to In) rmtigatf .
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 28.—Presi
dent MoKinley has selected W. J. Cal
bonn of Danville, 111., spec al commis
sioner lo investigate the case of Dr. Ruiz, in
place of Judr.c Day, appointed Assistant
Secretary ol Wtate.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CLINGS TO
HIS HIGH
POSITION
//
Associate Justice Field
Determined Not to
Resign.
WILL YIELD TO DEATH
ALONE.
He Has Resolved to Remain
"Until Removed to a
Higher Court."
WOULD BREAK THE RECORD FOR
LONG SERVICE.
It Is Believed He Wishes to Occupy
the Bench Longer Than Any
of His Predecessors.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.— A
report has been circulated in the Caiifor*
nia colony here that Associate Justice
Field of the United States Supreme Court
had resolved that he would remain on the
uench "until removed to a higher court."
A representative of The Call visitet the
Supreme Court this morning, but the big
leather chair usually occupied by Justice
Field was vacant. The o:her ei^ht Jus
tices were present to hear Hon. Jere Wil
son, tte eminent lawyer, argue an im
portant National bank case.
The Call representative then visited
Justice Field's residence, near the Cap
itol. The aged jurist's wife said that Mr.
F.eld was indisposed. He had not been
feeling well for some time. He had a bad
cougn. She felt sure, however, that it
was nothing serious.
"Iv fact." said Mrs. Field, "the Justice
went out driving this morning. '
She begged that her husband be ex
cused, unless the matter was very urgent,
as he had denied a reception to all vis
itors !a:ely.
Mrs. Field was told of a report printed
some time ago to the effect that her hus
band would retire in July next. She
neither affirmed nor denied the truth of
this, saving merely that she felt sure ihe
Justice would not care to make any
avowal of tm intentions at this time.
Rumors and contradictory rumor? have
been printed about Mr. Field's contem
plated resignation. Four or tive years
ago reports of his early retirement were
sent ont from Washington, but Mr. Field
still hangs on tenaciously. At one time
it was said that he intended to remain on
the bench so that President Cleveland
would not have the pleasure of naming
his successor. It will be remembered that
he felt somewhat disgruntled because
President Cleveland during his first ad
ministration was not disposed to accept
bis advice with regarl to California ap
pointments. Therefore he was resolved
to hang on until Mr. Cleveland was suc
ceeded in office. LatterJy the Justice has
been greatly d.spiesaed because of the
anxiety of certain Californiaus to get rii
of him.
It has been the constant expectation,
which amounts to a certainty, that At
torney-General McKenna will succeed him
on the bench, and it is well known that
James A. Waymire has hopes of being At
torney-G neral when McKeona is elevated
to the Supreme Court. Tnis inspires a
grim determination on the part ol Justice
Field to defeat the ambuioa of those who
are so anxious to prctit by his retirement.
Justice Field is Known to be of a some
what retaliatory disposition. One day he
asked The Call correspondent about
George K. Fitch, then editor of the Bul
letin.
"When I was a mtmber of tiie California2
Legislature thirty years ago," said he, "I
had a differenca with Mr. Fitch, wno was
a candidate for State Printer, and al
though I have been in California many
times since I have not spoken to him."
This incident is told merely to illustrate
the tenacity of purpose which actuates
Jus ice Field, lie is an aggressive n«:hter,
and it has been said ol him that he would
not hesitate to tilt with old de&ta himself.
It is feared, however, that the great
jurist must soon relinquish his bold unon
his office. His life hanjs by a slender
threat.!. lie totiers to and from the court
room; yet, strangey enough, he is con
sidered mentally qualified to sit on the
bench. A perusal of his written opinions
would not indicate any impairment of his
mind, bat then is a suspicion that his
associates render valuable assistance in
tlie preparation of his decisions.
When James A. Way mire was here, he
dined one day witii Justice Field. He
reported later that he thought the Justice
was only anxious to'coinplete a service
that would exceed that of John Marshall,
who was on the bench for a longer term
than any other Suureme Court member.
But later, Mr. Way mire revised his opinion
anJ felt that Mrs. Field's social ambition
would keeD her hu<band on the bench as
long as the aged jurist was able to perform
his duties.
Chief Justice Marshall, beginning his
term in ISOI, was thirty-foot years live
months and four days on the bench.
James M. Wayne served from 1825 to 1867.
Justice Field began his service in 1863,
four years before Wayne coased his ser
vice, and has continued to this day. If
Justice Field lives until August 16 he will
have served one day longer than Marshall.
There has been one older man on the
bench of the Supreme Court than Justice
Field. Chief Justice Koger B. Taney
went upon the Dench when he was 59
years of age, and remained upon it until
death removed im at tbe age of 87 years
and 6 month?.
DItGUnED AS A MAN.
Young Girl Works as a Farmland Rather
Than Marry a Man She Does
Not Lovs.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., April 28.—
Charles Weese, 17 years old, who has been
working for Farmer Jobes in Crawford
County, some months as a teamster, to-iay
turned out to be a young lady named
Emma Ward, whose parents reside at
•Qiiinnimont, Va. She left home in order
to gat rid of the importunities of her two
brothers, who insisted that she marry a
man she did not love.
During her employment she refused to
attend places of amusement but went
regularly to church and get the reputation
of being an exemplary youth. Her parents
were nonti-.d of her wnereabout*, but she
refused to return home, trom wnich she
has teen absent for a year. In that time
she has done hari farm work usually
done by stron.' lads of her age. When
dressed in her prorcr garb to-day the girl
was found to be possessed of an attractive
ligure.
AWFUL STORY OF THE SEA.
Feet and Hands Removed From the Sur-
y vcrs cf the Valiant, W;:o Also
Lose Their Reason.
ST. JOHNS. Newfoundland. April 28. —
Tbe foar survivors of the Vuiilant in the
hospital at St. Pierre are very low. The
removal of their feet and hands was suc
cess:u:ly performed last night, but there
is fear that two of them, Haubecho and
Honyoo, will not survive. The doctors
are also afraid that none of them will re
cover reason. Tiiree are mentally un
hinged ana the fourth has only occasional
lucid intervals, during which a few details
are got from him.
Captain Pierres 1 boat only parted com
pany with theirs on the morning of the
rescue. She hal ten men aboard, two of
whom had died and the remainder ware
)n about the same condition as these four.
This h:is created a feeling that the boat
may aiso have been j icked up, and friends
of the captain are anxiously awaiting
tidings of her.
Wh?n the castaways were rescued they
had broken off a pan of the dory's cun
wale and fastened it in the bow with a
shirt attacheJ as a signal. This at
tracted the attention of the rescuing
vessel, whose captain says that none of
the four could have survived that night,
for a gale arose which would have sunk
them.
The survivors had no boots when they
left the wreck, only wooden sabots with
out socks, and iheir feet were terribly
frozen. There was a regular battle for
the boats when the collision occurred.
All fought like demons, and four boats
were overturned through the frenzied
seamen jumping :nto them from the ship's
side. It is estimated that thirty or forty
perished in the ship, the remainder being
iv the boats.
-Vte Yori: HoxpitttHiy.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28.— Although
New York is noted for its hospitality, it
outdid itself on the occasion of the banquet
tendered to President MeKinley, his Cabi
net, ex-President Cleveland, the members
oi ;he Grant family, the Justices of tne
United States Supreme Court, i he foreign
embassadors and Ministers, the United
States members of Congress, tne visiting
Governors and staffs, together with ihe
officers of the army and navy, the menu
being a marvel of the culinary art, and
the chami-ngne used exclusively ttie
famous XXX Gr. H. Mumm & Co.'a extra
dry, without which no important social
function is considered complete.
f.x-l'rriident H<trri*on Wan Absent.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 28.— The
presence of ex-President Harrison in this
city during the Grant ceremonial is
creating a good deal of comment among
his friends, but none appear to be aware
of the cause that kept him at home and
from participation in the ceremonies.
Thode close to him say he could easily
have found time to participate if he had
desired. He said to-day that he did not
attend because business kept him away,
and refused to talk further.
Frost Hurt* ■ astern Fruit.
NEW YORK, N. y., April 28.— From a
thorough investigation by a iruit expert
it ? cms probable that at least nine-tenths
of tne anticipated large crop of Dlums,
peaches and cherries along the Hudson
River, were destroyed by the recent frost.
The same result is feared in New Jersey
and Delaware.
7li>- F.ac-rre*id*nl Inehlinq.
GREENWICH, Cox.w. April 28,-Ex-
President Cleveland, ex-Secretary Carlisle
and ex- Postmaster-General Wilson arrived
here to-day on Benedict's yacht. 'Ihey
are guess of the Wall-street magnate. It
is denied that Cleveland is retained by
Addicks in the Bay State gas litigation.
S) nt If own in JUexiro.
SAN LUIS POTOSI, Mexico, April
28. — Dr. J. G. Amezcua, one of the most
prominent physicians in this city, was
fatally shot on the street by Carlos Pelle
grin, a prominent attorney, to-'iay. Pel
lecriin claims tuat Amezcua slandered his
famiiy.
A l^rmtij .Si ;/(«■<.'.
BKRLIN, Germany, April 28. — The
treaty of friendship and commerce be
tween Germany and Orange Free State
was sigsed to-day.
£jcEcjiAU's I'u.lh tor tiiomacii ana Liver lils .
DEBOE WINS THE
KENTUCKY PRIZE
Elected Senator After a
Most Remarkable
Conflict.
A True-Blue Republican and
in Accord With the Ad
ministration.
Blackburn Vigorously Assails the
Men Who Caused His
Defeat.
FRaNKFORT, Ky., April 2S.— William
J. Deboe was to-day elected Senator to
succeed Senator J. C. Blackburn, after one
of the most famous political battles in the
history of Kentucky. Deboe supported
Hunter in 1896 for Senator. Last Fn lay
night the friends of Hunter nominated
Deboe in caucus. The tight has been one
in which 112 ballots have been taken,
sixty of wnich were taken during the pres
ent se-sion.
Hunter was forced off the track by the
exposure of his silver letter and by indict
ments for alle.ed attempts to bribe.
1 Seventeen sound-money Democrats bolted
! Backburn and made his election impos
sible.
It was a foregone conclusion that Deboe
would be elected to-day. The se-sion was
attended by a large crowd of politicians*.
Deboe received 71 votes — 69 Republicans
and 2 gold Democrats — one more than suf
ficient to elect. Deboe himself was a
member of the Senate, but did not vote.
Deboe ?aid to-night:
"I belong to the school of Republicans
alter Blame, McKiuley and Sherman. I
am a protectionist, favor the passage of
the tariff bill and am for sound money. I
am in thorough accord with the Republi
can administration at Washington."
Deboe is 47 years old and a native of
| Crittenden County, his present home. He
is a graduate of medicine and has prac
ticed law successfully for the past nine
years.
Blackburn spoke to his followers at the
opera-house to-nipht. In speaking of
sound-money Democrats be called them
political nondescripts and caricatures on
nature. "God Almiehty, in fair-dealing,
owes the peopie an apology for making
such men as sound-money Democrats,' 1
he said. The sound-money Democrats
arose and left
HER MAJESTY'S THEATER OPENS
Inauguration of London's Most Brilliant
Secson Marred by a Bad Ode
and a Worse Flay.
LONDON, Exg , April 28.— The opening
! of Her Majaty's Theater to-night must
rank &3 a brilliant inauguration of what
will undoubtedly prove the most brilliant
■, season ever known in London. Everybody
of prominence in the diplomatic, social
i and uramatic world was included in what
: was perhaps the most distinguished
| audience ever assembled in a playhouse.
I This splendid theater, which Beerbohm
! Tree has erected, is the finest in England.
i The building is in style French renais
sance, and is one of the best architectural
ornaments of London. The interior is
I beautifully decorated in the style of the
period of ihe regency and of Louis XV.
Tree and bis company were received
j with immense enthusiasm. Mr*. Tree
; recited an ode written by Alfred Austin.
: poet laureate, which was no worse, per
j haps, than some of his other efforts.
! After this, the national anthem was sung,
in which almost everybody present joined.
Tnen Gilbert Parker's dramatized version
of ''Seats of the Mighty" was produced
for the first time in London. It was an
unfortunate selection and a failure. The
audience was most eenerous, and the
acting good, but the play was too slow ana
heavy.
FOUfi PERSONS KILLED.
Perilous Fira in Brooklyn, at Which Two
Children Were Dropped to Their
Death.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28.— Four
persons were killed in a fire early this
morning in the fuur-storv fiat building at
1278 Third avenue, Brooklyn. The dead
are: Mrs. Celia Brunett, widow, 56; Mrs.
Carrie Newell, 37; John Newell, 7; Lewis
Newell, 18.
There is a strong suspicion that the fire
was of incendiary origin, and that it was
started in the lower hallway near the
main entrance, as well as at t::e foot of the
elevator shaft, to cut off the flight of the
occupants. Mrs. Urunett lived in the flat
over *.he store. All avenues of escape were
cut off, and she perished before the fire
men reached her.
The top floor was occupied by John
Newell, his wife and two children. He
occupied the bedroom in front and his
wife and the children slept in a rear
roo-m. Newell could make no attempt to
reach his wife and children. He escaped
by hanging to the coping till rescued.
His wife was at the front window on tne
other side of toe building with the
youngest child in her arms and the other
by her side. Sbe was about to throw the
children into the street when the firemen
implored her to wait until a blanket
could be procured. While the firemen
held the blanket under the window she
dropped ihe children. Bilh feil several
feet beyond the heads ol the firemen and,
striking the sidewalk, were killed almo>t
instantly. The mother, directly after
droppine the children, fell back into the
room. Her charred body was found after
the tire v. as extinguished.
THE HAWAIIAN TREATY.
Senator Perkins, Wht,e Making Up His
Mind, Seems Inclined to Vote
for Reciprocity.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28— There
are indications that the tremendous pres
sure Drought to bear upon Senator Perkins
may cause him to revise his opinions of
a week ago concerning the Hawaiian
treaty. At that time he said mat
he was in favor of the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty "because
it did not reciprocate." He pre
sented an anay of figures to show
that it wai jng-bandled in its benefits, but
to-day Senator PerKius said he bad not
made up bis mind whether to vote for the
continuance of the treaty orits abrogation.
"But was not your position correctly
outlined in The Call a weeK ago?"
"Yes," said Mr. Perkins, "the article
was correct. My own personal conviction
is that the treaty is of advantage to Ha
waii, without much benefit to the United
States; yet a majority of the people of
California, as expressed by a very large
number of memorials and" petitions from
Boards of Trade, Chambers of Commerce
and other commercial bodies in San Fran-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
SENATOR-ELECT W. J. DEBOE OF KENTUCKY.
Cisco and other California cities and
towns, seem to De in favor of continuing
the treaty.
"I believe that a Senator in his repre
sentative capacity should represent, not
his own personal convictions, but the
views of nis constituents in matters ot
this kind. Oi course a United State- Sen
ator i expected to keep in line with the
party that elected him, or else resign, but
when there is a wide diverge/ice of opin
ion as to parly po icy, or when a majority
of the people express themselves in favor
of a certa n measure, 1 think it is his duty
to represent their views a* nearly as pos
sible."
DEADLY MEXICAN WATERSPOUT.
Three Towns Partially Destroyed and
Three Lives Lost by the Mad Rush
of Waters.
CITY OF MEXICO. Mcx , April 28 —
The towns of Santa Clara, Cuauiitlan and
Pedro Jalostoc, about one mile apart snd
situated five miles north of the suburban
town of Guadaloupe, were partly de
stroyed by a waterspout about 5 o'clock
on Monday evening. Th cc lives were
lost so far as known. An Immense vol
ume of water swept through the villages,
tearing up giant trees by tbe roots, lev
eling houses, forcing out huge bowlders
from the ground and leaving everything
devastated In its wake
At 5 o'clock a small black speck was
seen in the horizon. Its heavy shade
soon enveloped everything In darkness
and deaf-uing. thunderbolts soon began to
reverberate. Ifa.n and hail betran to fall
in torrents. Warer fully eight feet deep
rushed through the streets at a fearful ve
locity, tearing down houses and stanch
masonry walls,> opening the ground and
causing great destruction. Nearly all the
inhabitants escaped death by seeking ref
uge in the hills. Upwards oi twenty
houses were destroyed.
McKIHLEY DOFFLD HIS HAT.
Returned the Salute of a Gang of Street
Laborers and Went to the
Theater.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28.—Presi
dent McKinley suffered no ill effects from
the exposure to the weather at the great
monument dedication. After breakfast
he received Mayor Strong and some local
politicians. They took a walk with Sec
retary Porter, followed by two detectives
as guards. On Filth avenue they passed
a gang of laborers at work in the trenches.
The laborers uncovered, md he doffed his
iiat to tne bowing men. A crowd of school
boys recognized the President and re
moved their bats.
Mrs. McKiniey held a reception 1n the
hotel parlors, assisted by Gladys Vander
bilt, whose mother also called. Among
the callers on the President this afternoon
were Senator Uanna, Governor Black and
staff, Mr.«. Grant and Jesse Grant.
La'er the President drove to Grant's
tomb, where a crowd cheered him vocife
rously.
In the evening President McKinley went
to the Lyceum Theater to see "Mysterious
Mr. Bugle." He will return to Washing
ton to-ruorrow.
JiOHJSVX Foil HAWAII.
Be May He -J «*■<>•,,./ to Command ,)>-
I'ac'fle Xmmmt >tation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28.— The
indications are that the Roar Admiral re
centiy assigned to the command of the
Pacific naval station, will not go to
Honolulu in July to relieve Roar Admiral
Beard3lec, as provided in recent naval
orders, his assignment to represent the
United States at the Queen's Jubilee
abrogating the Honolulu a-signme.it.
Owing to the critical condition of things
in Hawaii through Japanese colonization,
and Japan'- reported ambition to get hold
of the islands, great care must be taken
in making the selection. It is understood
that the inclination of President Mc-
Kinley ana Secretary Lone points toward
Commodore Henry L. Howison, who is
well acquainted with the people of Hawaii
and is popular there. Commodore George
Dewey's name may also be considered.
JO STVr A < >:I\t.sl. iyfX,rX.
ieniible Action of Treasury JVtpartmmt
Official*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.—In
formation has . been given the Treasury
Department thct 300 more Chinese are on
their way to San Francisco from Heir
own country and will claim the right to
enter as engaged for the Chinese exhibit
at the Nashville- exposition. This is the
third contingent of Chinese, bound osten
sibly fortlio same place, and the Treasury
I officials MISDOCt that a wholesale attempt
is being made to import large numbers of
Mongolians into the States through the
broad provisions of tne joint resolution of
Congress. Therefore it has been decided,
alter a conference, that the total number
admitted shall not exceed, 250. As 179
have already obtained entrance, only 71
others can possibly come in by legal means.
• — ' ."'
Xcw yo»tmnatrra and Petitioner*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28.— The
following Oregon Postmasters were ap
pointed to-day: John Ril?y at' Althouse,
Josephine County ; C. D. Burnett at
Leland,' Josephine County. -1 • ■
tensions were issued to-day as follows:
California: Original— J. Newton Chum
berlain. Elsinore; John G. High tower,
San Francisco; John A. Ivory, San. Fran
cisco. Increase — William F. Spencer,
Woodland.
Oregon: Reissue— James Fish, Central
Point.
•Washington: Original — Wind
sor, Spokane. Increase— Charles W. Corn
stock, Aberdeen.
. : ■ , " ♦. '
Admiral lUill-r Goin i to Europe.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28.-AH
mirai Miller will not take command of
the Pacific Station immediately, but will
be sent to Europe on the Brooklyn to be
present at th« (Queen's jubilee.
THE TARIFF BILL
TO BE BLOCKADED
A Three-Months' Siege
in the Senate Is
Probable.
Democratic Members of the
Finance Committee So
Declare.
First Skirmish Between the Oppos
ing Forces Is LooKed For
To- Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 2S.— The
first skirmish in the Senate for the next
two or three months will probably take
place to-morrow. A meeting of the full
Finance Committee will be held, and the
tariff bill so far as it has been revised by
the four sub-commUteemen will be sub
mitted. The bill is practically completed,
but it is not likeiy that it can be reported
by the lull committee in completed form
before Monday. The Republicans have
been notified that the Democrats feel it
incumbent upon them as members of the
opposite political party to oppose report
ing racb an important measure to the Sen
ate until they r-hall have had full oppor
tunity to examine and study it. The five
present Democratic members of the Com
mittee on Finance are Senators Harris,
Vest, Jones, White and Walthall. Wdite
of California is the only one who orig
inally insisted upon subjecting the new
bill to a rigid inspection by the lull com
mittee before it was reported to the Sen
ate. Lately, however, Jones has been
urged to make a fight upon the Republi
can measure cs a feature of party policy,
and be has therefore joined with White in
serving notice that the bill must take the
usual course to the Senate through the
committee.
The four Republican Senators who have
revised the bill have maintained the ut
most secrecy as to changes and have done
this largely for the purpose of protecting
themselves againsi the pressure of outside
iniluence. It, is largely for this reason
that they desire to avoid Having the bill
subjected to the scrutiny and criticism of
Democratic members ot the committee,
and possibly to amendment and revision.
They are still hopeful of prevailing upon
the Democratic Senators to allow them to
bring the bill into the Senate as a party
measure for which the Republicans alone
are responsible, and it is possible that by
showing the members of the fall commit
tpe ■ rough draft of the proposed bill to
morrow they may be induced to withhold
their opposition until the measure is re
ported to the Senate.
The election of a Republican Senator in
Kentucky would materially assist the Re
publicans in their efforts to pass the bill,
but the tight is not likely to be on strictly
Republican and anti-Republican lines.
Indeed, the Republican Senators of the
Finance Cummittee are apparently more
solicitous about Uie support of some radi
cal marchers of their party than me
probable course of the silver Republicans
and Populists. There is authority lor the
statement that the revised bill provides
for a material reduction of the ]> nciey
rate*. This leads the Republicans to hope
that the opposition will be less formida
ble than originally anticipated. As the
Democrats, however, have decided to op
pose it from start to finish, the bill is
lilc ly to be before the Senate for at least
three months.
AE\ATO It WBiTK'S POSITIOS.
Bay» Ho J)oea Sot Want to See the Last
Hob the. Heil.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Ap-il 28.—Sena
tor White said io The Call correspondent
to-night that he considered it a gross
discourtesy on the part of the Finance
Committee to even propose to report the
tariff bill to the Senate without first sub
mitting it to the minority. Senator White
said that thus lar the members of the
minority had not been given even an
inkling of its features. He was in the
dark as to the tar ff on California fruits
and oiner products, but be had been as
sured by Senator Jones of Nevada that
that gentleman would not vote to report
the bill to the Senate unless it was sub
mitted to the minority for their consid
eration.
The committee stands five to five, and
as Senator Jones holds the balance of
power it is settled that the minority will
be allowed to consider the bill before it s
renorted.
In explaining his position Mr. White
said that while he did not consider the
tariff bill a revenue measure at ail, but a
radical protective bill, to which he was
opposed on general principles, yet lie did
not propose to see California left out in u.e
cold.
He did not want to see the East rob the
West of any benefits that any euch meas
ure might bestow.
The If iUuiraical* of Gold.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 28— The
withdrawals of gold lor export are not
disturbing the treasury officials, who say
tnere is no oanger of a raid on the treas
ury. The tendency, they say, is to En
rope, due to the spring shifting in the bal
ance of trade.
'■wmiirt irfta o Coveted Plac:
WASHING! ON, D. C, April 28 —The
Republican committees to-day practically
completed the work of filiins the existing
vacuncies in the comnntiees of the Senate.
The much-sout:ht-for place on the Finance
Committee caused by the retirement of
Sherman falls to Senator Burrows of
Michigan. Hanna will not have a chair
manship.
A LETTER FROM SHELDON.
The Disappearance of the Banker Is Fol
lowed by a Wholesale Financial
Wreck at Lcda.
CHICAGO, 111., April 23.— "1t is dis
grace and the penitentiary or the lake,
and I have chosen the latter," wrote John
Sheldon, banker, of Lotla, 11., to his con
fidential friend and attorney, John Moffett
of Paxion. The receipt cf the letter wa9
followed by the ciosinp; of the bank in
Loda, the assignment of four ieadine busi
ness firms and the individual assignments
of a number of leading citizens of the town.
Sheldon's money troubles involve funds
belonging to the school trustees and to
trust estates valued ac a quarter of h mil
lion dollars. A systematic police search
failed to reveal whether Sheldon has
drowned himself or not. The general lw
lief is that his body is in the lake.
The wreck was precipitated by a demand
of the heirs of the Sheldon estate here for
$30,000 realized a year ago, and their re
quest for a final accounting for approxi
mately $130,000. Sheldon was unable to
meet the demand last Friday with a hand
bag fu.l of securities, which he tried un
successfully to dispose of here. He then
wrote a twnty-page letter to his confi
dential friend, telling him he would take
his life by jumping into Lake Micnigan.
Southern P«M*enger Association.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 28— The
Southern States Passenger Association
was superseded to-day by the organiza
tion of the Southeastern Passenger Asso
ciation, comprising every important line
Bouth of the Ohio and east of the Missis
sippi rivers. The agreement is drawn so
as to avoid the decision of the Supreme
Court in the trans-Missouri case. A
freight association for the same t rritory
will be organized to-morrow. Stable rates
will probably be the outcome.
n i< Editor It Still Alive.
COLUMBIA, S. C, April 28.— William
David Shaw, until yesterday editor of the
Luke City Times, wrote a letter this morn
ing declaring there was nothing in sight
but misery and starvation, pleaded for
mercy on his soul, and a>k»-d his friends
to put h s body "in any old place." Then
he drank two ounces of laudanum, shot
himself through the body, aud yet he is
expected to live.
COLLECTOR WISE EXONERATED.
Charge* Agninst Him < o>t*ldere<i f'rivo-
lout at H'athingtotu
Washington, d. c, April
aeon reports received from special agents
of the Treasury Department the Secretary
said to The Call correspondent to-day
that the charges against Collector Wise
would be dismissed as unworthy of fur
ther consideration.
THE GOLDEN RULE.
Frank J. Murasky Explains the Doc
trine of tlm Catholic Church to Phil
Sheridan Council, Y. >'.. I.
There was a large audience in Mission
Opera Hall last evening on the occasion
of tlie lecture and entertainment given by
the Central Lecture Bureau, under the
auspices of Phil Sheridan Council No. 72,
Y. M. I.
Henry Pinkbam, president of the coun
cil, delivered a snort address explanatory
£f the organization.
The Misses Celia and Annie Tighe gave
a piano duet, after which Miss Mary C.
Spiliane rendered a soprano solo with
tine effect.
Frank J. Murasky, the lecturer of the
evening, was then introduced and spoke
lor sotuti time on 'Catbo.icisra and So
ciety." He told of the early history of
the world and dwelt ui>on the founding of
the Catholic church, which was a new re
ligion, having lor its doctrine, "Do unto
others as you would have others do unto
you." rie spoke of the manner in which
the new religion was carried into every
quarter of the globe and tilled it with the
light of a new hope. lie then told of the
work of the church in abolishing slavery,
not, be said, at one tell blow, but by con
stant preaching and agitation and tcliin?
those who were in power that they had no
right to hold either the souls or bodies of
men.
He dwelt upon the missionary work of
the Catholic church in every direction,
and said that its missionaries are ready to
attend the call if there is need.
Benevolence as practiced by the Catho
lic church to-day, he said, was unknown
to the ancient Romans and Greeks. Then
it was victory over the conquered, with
benevolence or charity, or sympathy, for
the unfortunate; but now, thanks to the
teaching of the church, sympathy goes
out for the oppressed Armenians, for the
Gretks IB their misfortunes, for the Cu
bans in their threat struggle, and he added
that in its work of benevolence the
Catholic church :a moving onward and
that no power on earth can stop it in that
work.
He then spoke of the duty of society in
assisting to spread the doctrine of the
church and maku its influence for good
felt on all sides.
The lecturer was warmly applauded,
and after be retiredlthere wa.« a vocal trio
by Mr. and Mrs. Richard Valeria and
Charles H. Parish, and a bass solo by John
A. McAuliffe. The committee of arrange
ments were: P. J. Whalpn, E. D. Sullivan
P. J. Haggerty, J. Q. O'Donnell and J. E
Gallagher.
DROVE OVER THE DESERT.
The Gold Finds of I). T. Murphy .unl
a Party of Prospector* Who Voy
aged In a Wagon.
D. T. Murphy, the general merchant and
Postmaster at The Needles, arrived here
yesterday. He has been out on the desert
and in the mountains looking ud gold
properties practically since October, so he
says, and ha" found everywhere he went
an unusual amount of work going on. Jde
traveled In a wagon in company with sev
eral practical prospectors and carried
their supplies along. Part of the time they
hauled the water they needed in the wag
on. Several locations of go;d properties
wore mnde.
"S*n Francisco and Eastern p ople,"
said Mr. Murphy, "havo ma 'c invest
ments in p-operties near The Needie, and
Dr. Plank ol Santa Cruz ana Marshall
Bond ara building n 10-stamp mill twenty
miles above The Needles. They have
bought interests in beveral promising prop
erties there.
"Wherever I went wh»n out on mv trip
I found good gold indications. It is my
opinion that tho mountains and deserts
about The Needles are going to produce a
jrreat deal of cold during the next lew years.
There are men out all over prospecting
and di<?sing."
Mr. Murphy will be here for several
days. He attended the floral neita at Los
Angeles on his way up. He is at the
Grand.
Guilty of Smuggling.
Dennis Vadvar appeared betore United States
District Judge Hoffman yesterday and pleaded
KUllty to a charge of smuggling opium. Kext
Saturday morning at 9 o'clock was fixed as
tne time for the production ot testimony as to
Vadvar's good reputation. Sentence will be
imposed on the same day.
The smuggled opium' was concealed in a
false bottom in Vaovar's trunk.
Chromo pictures are manufactured by
ten to twenty printings, according to the
number 01 colors and tinis required.
ROBBED PETER
TO PAY PAUL
Peculiar Methods of the
Ex-Treasurer of
Nebraska.
Took the Funds of the State
to Satisfy the Claim of
a Bank.
Also Allowed an Illegal Rate of In
terest—His Shortage About
Half a Million.
OMAHA, Nebr . April 28.— The retiring
State Treasurer, Joseph Hartley, was ar
rested to-Qay by tiie Sheriff of this county,
charged with embezzling $201,000, the
proceeds of a State warrant which he sold
to the Chemical National 13ank of New
York while he was Treasurer, it was ne
gotiated through the Omaha National
Bank:. The Attorney-General swore to
the complaint.
Bartley is at present out on bonds for a
shortage of $500,000 in State funda. The
proceeds were transferred to Bartley, upon
whose books, however, no account of the
reoeipt of the money has been found. In
time the Chemical National Bank re
turned the warrant to the Omaha Na
tional Bank of this city for collection. la
response to this call the State Treasurer
proceeded to deposit State funds in the
Omaha National Bank until the sum of
$201,000 was on deposit. This was the
amount of the warrant, together with
interest at the rate of 7 per cent. With
th;s money the warrant w«s duly taken
up and the accruing interest was paid.
When the warrant was collected by the
New York bank through the local bans it
was paid by check, to which Bariley
signed his own name. The $201,000 was
therefore on deposit in his name, al
though it is alleged to have been State
money.
In connection with the case Hartley is
accused of having allowed an illegal rate
of interest on the warrant. According to
the State iaw warrants cannot draw more
thau 5 per cent interest, but the Chemical
National Bank collected 7 per cent for tbe
entire tirre it advanced tbe money on the
warrant. Bartley will be arraigned at
Omaba.
FISHING INSPECTORS.
Civil Service Ex'iniination for Experts
in the Catching or Salmon in
Alnsku.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission on May 10 at Washing:on, D. C,
and at other points where there are com
petent Boards pf Examiners will hold an
examination for the purpose of establish
ing a register for the grade of inspector
and assistant inspector of salmon fisheries
in Alaska.
Applicants will be examined in spelling,
arithmetic, letter - writing, penmanship
and copying, together w^th the History,
peography and physical I tatures of Alas
k i and a knowledge of :f : more import
ant saimou-hshing industries in that Ter
ritory. Copies of the laws relating to sal
mon protection may be had on request
from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Applications should be filed with the
United States Civ 1 Service Commission
at Washington, D C, at the ear iesi pos
sible date. Blank applications may he
obtained from tne Postotiice Boards of Ex
am mers of £san Francisco, Portland and
Seattle.
In case complete applications cannot be
filed in time examination will be held on
written or telegraphed request subject to
the prompt filing of the application.
MAYDAY AT THE BATHS.
Great Anticipation Manifested in the
Coining Festival.
The approaching Mayday festival, to bs
held at Sutro Baths Saturday atternoon,
May 1, is being looked forward to with
glad » xpectancy by all the school children
ol this City, as well as a great many of
tbe older ones. It is to be a grand fete
day lor the young folks, and several hun
dred of them will participate in the May
pols dance and numerous other features.
A beautiful queen will be crowned, and a
grand gala-day programme will make up
the afternoon's amusement.
Professor William J. O'Brien has the
children in charge, nnd bia skill in train
ing little ones in tbe various fancy dances
is a ready well known to the public or San
Francisco.
A simiiar festival was given at Sutro
Baths on Mayday last year, and the boys
and pirls wno took part and also those
who witnessed the lest.vities on that day,
are eager lor the arrival of May 1. The
main platform, the realm of tlie queen, is
to De arti-ticrtlly decorated, and will be
gorgeous nnd resplendent with beautiful
flowers and plants, of which Mr. Su: ro
has an inexhaustible supply. In fact, the
whole building will bo attired in holiday
dress.
PUKE POOD CONGEESS.
Many Additional Delegates .Reported.
Julian Sonntag for President.
The delegates to the Pure Food Con
gress, to be held to-morrow evening and
Saturday in Pioneer Hall, on Fourth
street, are beginning to come in. A num
ber from Fresno came in yesterday and
to-day large numbers will arrive from all
parts of the State.
Accordins to the present arransemon is
NEW TO-DAT-
"Letting good
enough alone"
didn't build a
sewing machine
nor invent a tele*
phone; nor did it
produce Jrbpfiy
Baking Powder
or jilSaa^ Spices
and Flavoring
Extracts.
122 Tillmann & Bendel
J. W. Kerr will cnil the convention to
order. Julian Sonntag will no doubt ba
the president of the congress, and eig teen
or twenty vice-presidents from different
sections of Cali.ornia wii! be chosen. L.
K. Mead is booked for the aecretnrvship.
He will have three assistants. The fol- i
lowing additional delegates have been re
ported:
Ventura County— T. A. Rice, M. L. Wolff,
Joseph Hobart, John Heck, R. P. Stratheurn,
R. A. Dague, Dr i>. W. Moi'. John McGonigie,
D. S. Blackburn, B. W. Dud ey.
Los Angeles Board of Trade (additional)— H.
Jeone, Jiici>b LoeW, J. B. Lankershim, J. O.
Koepfii, J. R. New'berry, Will am H. Bernard.
Los Angeles Coun:y (additional)— Dr. M. L.
Moore, Br. S. B. Salisbury, Dr. J. E. Vowles,
Dr. John R. Colburn, D. A. Preuss, A. C. Day,
Jobii Cbanslor, Simon Mnior, C. H. Sessions.
St. Vincent de Paul Society.
The second eeneral meeting for 1897 of all
the conferences of ihe Society of St. Vincent
de Paul will be held next Sunday, May 2, at
St. Paul's Church, Twjnty-ninth nnd Guerrero
streets. In the morning at 7:30 o'clock the
members will assemble in the liall and then
proceed in a body to the church to receive
ho.y communion at the 8 o'clock mass. In
the afternoon reports of t.ie secretaries o'. con
ferences will be heard and all matters of in
terest to the society will be discussed.
KEW TO-DAT.
Gold ; "~
Coin Saved on
Crockery and CJiinaware
AT
Great American It&pordiis Tea Csi
MONE* SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market St. 2008 Fillmore st.
146 Ninth st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. 2510 Mission st.
1419 Po!k st. 521 Montgomery aye.
218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st.,
3285 Mission st. Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. . 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
EDA- 1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Operating ioo stores.
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason ?
<V^BS FAI L o^
DOCTOR : SWEANY,
Who»e reputation, in estHbl ■« h. ,1 by t«"i
■ y«"»r* of inccf><,ftfiil pr«etfe« «r. 737
market street, San PruuciKCo, < <I.
LOST And all the attend-
MAMun'nn in - ailments of
mftNnuUU NERVOUS DEBI-
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old Men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom,
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND AU blo °<i
SKIN DISEASES, gg c.™»
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,,
stricture, etc.
FUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no. experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent
cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE i* away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Absolute secrecy in all pro-
fessional dealings.
Call or address
:e«. ij. sT^rjESuaL.isr-s", 3vr.x>.
737 Market St., San Francisco, C»l.
O-O-00000000000
AN EXCELLENT
II 7TTT AT Properly prepared and
l\/l r"^ r\ I promptly served, can
JLwl I A± IJL/ alwuys be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-\ AT A /*"*T7
Most Popular hf A I AC, X
Dining Apart- ■»• XTll-r2;3LV^I-«
ment in town, iinmnn mi, mir "■—-■» —
O<>QO<K><><><>-CK><H>
Oporession, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. ■
,- itflifiFTltt ii i m r>l " *• iB a -poisonous
< c<^9qß>" bs 4Kb2q remedy- for Oonor.'hcca,
ySgwPcCKE&XCT? Gleet, S torrheco,
£jHWin 1 to i<UTi/ra Whites, unnatural dij.
B&m QuarintMil M '■barges, or any iaflamma.
/*!■•»¥ n«t to strietore. tion. irritation or ulcerr..
Present* eootagioiL tion of mucous mem-
RSITHEEvANSCHEIfiriIOo. braneB - Non-aatringen-.
lOAg:ncimati.o BM§ old by Ilrneerißtr,
Vlk tt <j , "aSSnQr sent in plain wr-pper.
irfMnk iJfy^A express, prepaid, Ijc
•^^^few^S^S f l .- 00 ' or 3 toitles, r-}.7\
1» v B3 CilcnUr cent or. *■ my*GUTHRIE
SWEPT BY
A FLOOD
Hundreds of Dwellings
Suddenly Carried
Away.
TWO THOUSAND PEOPLE
HOMELESS.
Scenes of Death and Desola
tion in the Wake of the
Torrent.
MASY HEROIC ATTEMPTS AT
BESCUE.
The Loss of Life Cannot Yet Be
Estimated, but Is Known to
B9 Appalling.
GUTHRIE. O. T., April 28.-A great
flood swept down Cottonwoo I River Val
ley this morning at daylight and toppled
over hundreds of dwellings like so many
cardboards. Two thousand homeless peo
ple are shivering on the blurts west of the
city to-night or housed in homes on the
high Rrouiid. A hundred or more persons
have been drowned and thousands have
lost all.
The flood swept through the residence
part of this city. From noon yesterday
till midnight last night there was an in
cessant downpour or ra:n, and it was
ieared that the Cottonwood River, al
ready very high, would do much damage.
But t: c watchers were surprised to see
the river go down, and by daylight it had
fallen ten feet. Just as they were about
to go off duty at 6 o'clock they were
startled by a terrific roar from the river
in the valley.
A fire alarm was given and policemen j
and others rode all over town rousing
people anJ warning them to flee. Some j
thousht the roar was that of a cyclone ,
and sought the caves, only to perish a j
few minutes later. Others stopped to i
save things until it was too late, while i
many climbed trees.
With a mighty roar the flood came
down the valley, a mile Wide and twenty
ieet deep in the channel.
Ey 0 o'clock the water was thirty feet j
above the normal level of the river, and
the once placid stream was a raging tor
rent across tha entire valley. It seemed I
that soon the people in trees and on the |
roofs would be »wepi away.
George Willis and H. A. Platt, botn
prominent younsr business men, stripped
and leaped into the torrent. Th«y swam
the main channel and secured an old Hat
boat which they moored to a tree.
With this they rescued e-ix persons from
the tree?, but were nearly swept away
themseive9. With the boat they saved
over thirty people.
Eugene Gill and Walter Olds attempted
to save a family on a raft, but were car
ried away and barely escaped. George
Owen, a butcher, hoaded a rescue party in
a hastily constructed fiatboat. The boat
capsized and he died a hero's death.
Scores cf men were at work at the
lumber-yards constructing boats, and by
10 o'clock six scows had been launched.
Several capsized and were carried away,
and two of the men manning them per
ished.
At 10 o'clock the flood was at a stand
still, Haif an hour later it began to re
cede, and by dark it had gone down five
feet. Many nezroes perished.
In the valley running through the west
ern part of the city is much of the finest
residence part and a smail business section
where there were about twenty stores,
several mills, warehouses, etc Lesa than
tweniy minutes from the time the flood
struct the city this entire section was in
undated, and within an hour the water
was ten feet deep and hundreds of build
ings were floating away.
Not only the meaner structures, but
fine residences, store buiidincs, a lsrgo
cotton-gin and other structures collapsed
or float' d down the stream. On many of
the buildings were men, women and chil
dren. From hundreds of tree< came pite
ous calls for help, and the a.r was hide
ous wi:h the struggles and screams of
domestic animals.
With the first rush went every bridge in
the city. The few boats were crushed or
carried away and nothing couid be done
to helD the many who fell or were swept
from places of refuge and drowned before
the ejes of the powerless spectators.
This eveiiing & line was snot across with
a rocket and a cable put up across the
channel.
Boats are now being lerried back ar.d
forth and food being taken to hundreds
of fam>lied people on the west bluffs and
200 or 300 negroes in a large brick school
house.
It is impossible to correctly estimate the
number of drowned, and the real facts
will nut be known lor days. Many were
seen to i>erish by falling from the trees or
being swep; from trees or rafts.
Eight or ten went down with one bridge
and four with another, while some are
known to have been caught in their houtas
and drowned. It is generally conceded
that the death list will reach 100.
Mrs. Ella Dumas fell from a floating
house, and Frank Myers was crushed by a
loc. Daniel Ciemmons ana his family of
six were swept into tne channel.
Mrs. Wesley McGiil and her four chil
dren were drowned ii their home. Mrs.
Pinnie Gruffin, nn nz»<i colored woman
ifEw to-dat:
Holding fast
Slie'new to Old friends
ones, is what .
Dr. Miles' New System of Restorative Reme-
dies are doing. The invalids who have suf-
fered the agonizing tortures of nervous pros-
tration, hick, nervous or neuralgic headaches,
blues, melancholy, hysteric, spasms, fits, cr
any of the numerous disorders arising from a
derangement of the nerve centers, always
■"V _ #i * tell their friends how
lip |wlil£*Q tne >' were cured and
f■ • ITIIIC ' C ' .restored to health by
For sale by druggists * i •
on guarantee to bene- ■]%\£\g+A/g{%£\
fit. Book on the heart. |^|d VIII"
and nerves sent lrce.
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elk hart, Ind.
went under singing a hymn. The dead
bo.iy of Miss Kiser, a school teacher, was
recovered to-night. A daughter of Mrs.
George Wrisrht and tjyo children were
drowned while trying to reach the hills.
The property loss is fully $100,000 in the
city nnd will reach hundreds of thousands
in ihe country. Up and down the Cotton
wood Valley for many miles everything is
swept away, and it is believed that many
more people perished in the country. All
business was suspended, the stores and
banks closed, and everybody gave atten
tion to the wors of rescue.
The wagon bridges at Crescent City and
Perkins and or.c north of here have al
ready gone, hundreds of families are in
undated in its valley and much live stock
is drowned.
While t c rise was due to the general
rise at Cottonwood a cloudburst at 4
o'clock this morning near Seward, south
west of here, caused the great flood to
sweep down the valley.
A number of bodies have been seen
eoing down the Cimarron and to-night
calls are heard for help. Another rescue
boat capsized iaie this evening and one of
ihe rescuers was drowned.
NEW PREACHERS GRADUATED.
Enjoyable Annual Commencement of the
San Francisco Theological Sem
nary at San Anselmo.
SAN ANSELMO, Cal., April 28.— The
San Francisco Theological Seminary held
its twenty-fifth commencement exercises,
together with the dedication cf the Mont-
Rom-ry Memorial Chapel, here to-day.
About MOO visitors witnessed the elaborate
ceremonies.
The beautiful chancel, donated by
Alexander Montgomery of San Fran
cisco, was formally presented to ithe
••eniinary Dy A. W. Foster, president of
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway, and W. F. Goad. Mr. Foster
also gave to the senMnary the property
upon whicn the uin dinjjs stand. Rev.
James Curry, D.D., pre-ident of the board
of directors, presided at the services. Dr.
Holt of Portland, Or., made the invoca
tion. After a hymn Rev. James S. Mc-
Donald, D.D., read from the Scripture and
prayed.
Hon. George D. Gray, secretary of the
board of trustees, accepted the ciiapel in
behalf of the ssminary. Rev. Edward
Graham, D.D., of Chico. delivered an ad
dress and was followed by Rev. Arthur
Crosby, who rendered the dedication
prayer. Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., of Oak
land, delivered the benediction and the
morning srssion was over.
The chapel contains tee remains of
Alexander Montgomery, which were con
veyed to tneir final resting place in the
chattel last Thursday.
After luncheon provided by the trustees
the commencement exercises were held in
the assembly hall. Professor Henry C.
Minton, D. D., chairman of the faculty,
presided. The graduating class numbers
eight, and the students were to-day pre
sented with their diplomas entitling them
to preach the faith of the Presbyterian
church. The Graduates are : James \V. An
derson, Miosonira, 'Northwest Territory,
Canada; Arthur H. liarnbiss!, San Jose;
William Chalmers Gunn, Walla Walla,
Wasb. ; Adolph Habarly. Portland. Or.;
Robert J. Johnson, Bineor, Ireland;
Archibald J. Ross, Mount Forest, Ontario,
Cnnada; Cyrus H. Smith, Carlyle, Kans. ;
William S. Wilson, San Anselmo, «Jal.
After a hymn Dr. Warrail of Kentucky
opened the exercises with prayer. Mem
bers of the graduating class made ad
dresses, among them being "Creea ami
Character," by Arthur H. Barnhisel;
'"The Voice of Nature,'' William C. Gunn ;
"The Temple of Truth." Kobert J. John
ston.
Itev. William Martin of Santa Rosa de-
Jivered tbe'commencement address. Rev.
James Carry, D D , maiie the presentation
of diplomat 11. J. Johnson was present
ed with two sets of books for excellence.
He took both the prizes offered the grad
uating class.
The annual meeting of the alumni was
held in Assembly Ball. Key. K. L. Rice,
president of the association, presided.
Thursday at 2 P. M. the twenty -tilth an
niversary exercises of the San Francisco
Theological Seminary will be held in
Calvary Church in Han Francisco. In the
evening a banquet will be he.'v at me Oc
cidental Hotel in San Francisco, at. which
Rev. H. G. Keichum, D.D., of Berkeley,
president of the Ministerial Union, will
preside. Dr. Minton will deliver the
principal address.
FROM OAKDALE TO SONORA.
Bunders of ihe New Railroad Express
Themselves as Pleased With the
Finished Portion.
OAKDALE, Cal., April 28— Prince
Poniatowski. W. H. Crocker, T. S. Bul
lock of the Sierra Railroad, S. Sussman,
F. G. Perine and A. Rossi, a wealthy
banker of Paris, arrived in town to-day
on a special car of the Sierra Railroad,
which was sent out six miles to meet them
on their return from Sonora.
Prince PoniatowsKi, who is with W. H.
Crocker, is largely interested in mining i:i
Calaveras, Tuolumne and Manposa coun
ties, ana is also one of the iea<ling pro
moters In tt:e new Sierra Railroad which
is now being built from Oakdale to Sonora.
He inspected the finished portion of the
new railroad carefully and expressed him
self as being highly pleased.
In his opinion mining has resolved itself
into a question of handling low-grade
ores successfully, and this cannot be done
without better transportation facilities.
It is this proposition which has cau-ed
the Prince to become associated with
Messrs. Bullock and Freanman in the
movement to build a railroad from Oak
dale to the 8' uthern mines. The fact that
he is connected with the road, he says,
does not mean that it is in any way a part
of the Southern Pacific. The new road is
being built because the neects of the min
ing counties require it and it is to be inde
pendent of any other corporation.
The party left here this evening, by way
of Stockton, on a special train for San
Francisco.
HE WALL. VISITS S/OCKTUA.
The Maine l>rmocrnt louring the San
J'Hiquin Valley,
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 28.— Arthur
Sewail of Maine, the Democratic nominee
for Vice-president in the recent National
election, arrived by steamer this morning
in com] any with Will Ashe and Joe
Peters. H> is on -j s wa y for a trip down
the San Joaquin V a lley nnd while here
was the guesi of M a j or J. D. Peters.
The visitor was mot at the boat-landing
this morning by F. H. Gould and W. il.
Jacobs, and the party was driven to the
Peters residence, where Mr. Bewail spent
ihe forenoon chatting with a number of
prominent Democrats. It was the plan of
the local Democrats- to give Mr. Bewail a
banquet to-tn-hi, h u t as he left this after
noon for J. D. peers' famous buhach
plantation near Merced theae arrange
ments were spoiled.
I l:A>sn-:iil: l !• FHOM CA It SOS.
liale-Sorcrotg Cat, to He Heard in San
f'rancinco.
CARSON. Nev., April 28.— T0-day the
H;ile and Norcross case came up in the
Supreme Court and after considerable
talk by the attorneys of both sides it was
decided that the taking of testimony was
to begin next Monday in San Francisco
in order to save the expense of transport
ing, eighty witnesses to Nevada. The
testimony will then be submitted to the
Supreme Court and argued on the 18th.
Meanwhile the Pox people have been
enjoined from selling stock in San Fran
cisco. .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. rs'ooimn, 1017-10^3 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
IAN MACLAREN TRIUMPHS OVER HIS CRITICS.
LONDON, Ehg , April 28.— The annual synod of the Presbyterian Church of Eng
land opened here on Monday. More than usnal interest attached to the proceedings,
owing to the fact that it was proposed by certain members to have tne synod make
Inquiry into the alleged heterodoxy of Dr. John Watson (lan Maclaren). The opdo
nents of Dr. Watson bnd prepared a petition setting forth wherein he had departed
from the teneti ot the Presbyterian church and quoting his publications to prove their
contention. The petition declared:
'If such statements (those quoted) are allowed to pass without any disavowal or
explanation on the part of Watson, or any notice of thorn on the part of tae church,
the result will be most disastrous to the spiritual life of the church and also eventu
ally to its outward progress and prosperity."
The petition was nnsented to the synod, which turned it over to a business corc
mitlee. This c >mmittee considered the matter and to-day decided not to recommend
the acceptance of the petition by the syncd.
JOCKEY "SKEETS"
MARTIN INJURED
Horse on Which He Has
the Mount Runs Into
the Fence.
The Californian, Badly Lacer
ated, Is Carried From
the Track.
Rlley Grannan, Backed by an In
junction, Gains Admittance
to Aqueduct.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28.—Dema
gogu?. bought at August Belmont's sale
last fall, ran away after winning the
fourth race at Aqueduct racetrack to
day. Passing his ncla on striking the
homestretch he opened up a gap of six
lengths. At this point he swung over to
the extreme outside, and Jockey Henry
Martin, the clever young Cal ifornian, had
hard work preventing him from crashine
into the betting-ring inclosure and
finally the judges' box. The colt won by
four lengths.
Then Demagogue made for the outside
fence at the paddock turn, unseated his
jockey, smashed through the balustrade
and barbed wire and then galloped around
the track for a mile and a half.
Martin was very badly lacerated and
wan carried to the secretary's ottice and
later to His home. It is expected he will
not be in the saddle again for a fortnight.
itiley Grannan obtained an injunction
from Judge Madox in Brooklyn to-day
compelling the Aqueduct Racetrack As
sociation to admit him through its gates.
The plunger put in an appearance, but
made only one small bet.
JSEW BIVYOI/K KECORIi.
Becker, of San Franclaco, GHm Formal
JT«m* in thr L,. A. \Y.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28.— The
racing bulletin issued by Chairman Mott
of the I<. A. \Y. to-day contains the an
nouncement that Fred Titus of this city,
who was recently restored to amateur
ranks, has requested and obtained a
transfer to professional ranks.
Among new records accepted is: W.
E. Becker, San Francisco, February 22,
1897; competition, standing start, paced
one mile, 1:58; competition, standing
start, paced two miles, 3:54 3-5 competi
tion, standing start, paced three miles,
5:55; competition, standing start, paced
four miles, 7:54 3 5; competition, standing
star:, paced live mile-. 9:54 3-5.
Hinnfr» ou (/if lUamon-t.
NKW YORK. N. V., April 28.— New Yorks 11,
WashiucK'iis 3.
BALTIMORE, Md ., April 28.-Baltimores 13,
Brook. yns 0.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 28. — Phila
del|>liiass. Boston* (i.
( IX(. INNATI, Ohio, April 28.— Clncinnatis
5, < leveiHiids O.
LOUISVILLE, K.Y., April 28.— Louisvilles 1
Pittsburcs 2.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 28. -St. Louis 5, Chi
capos ti. Game called on account of darkness
at ttiu und ol the eighth inmng.
Jht> Mitchrlt-Jackioii Unfit.
LONDON, Baa, April 28.— As an
nounced in the cable dispatches last night
Charles Mitchell has challenged Peter
Jackson to fight for £1000 a tide. Tb«
Buliugbroke Club is anxious to hare the
tight pulled off in their clubnou*e, ana
offers a purse of £2000 if the buttle takes
place theie.
J.o* Angelea Honor* Jretnonf* Memory.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 28.— Mrs.
Jessie beiiton Fremont of this city was
notified yesterday by the Park Commis
sioners that they had named the entrance
to Elysian Park "Fremont Gate," in honor
of the famous "Pathfinder." Mrs. Fre
mont made reply to-day in fitting and
touching terms, concluding as follows: "I
am grateful for and proud of the love and
respect wurcb we • have often felt encom
passed us in our quiet home here, and
made me feel my name was a vitalizing
force for kind affection. toward us as sure
ana delightful as the vitalizing climate."
STRIKE OF GAS
IN SACRAMENTO
Residences Supplied by
Well on Front
Street.
Important Discovery Which
the Finders Failed to
Keep Secret.
A Seemingly Inexhaustible Flow
Within the Limits of the
Capital City.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 28.—Nat
ural gas in large quunities and marvel
ously pure lias been struck in this city,
and for several weeks the fact has been
kepi so secret tliat not over a dozen per
sons throughout Sacramento are cogni
zant of it. The strike was made at front
and V streets, and already the gas is being
piped to surrounding residences, whose
owners are to have free use of it lor a cer
tain period, wltli the proviso that they say
nothing until the discoverers formulate
their plans ior its distribution throughout
the city.
So quietly is the work being done that
the boring machine is inclosed in a bouse,
which is carefully locked, and in addition
a high board fence surrounds the plant to
keep out inquisitive visitors.
Two years ago a local company was
formed to sink for gas, and after going
down several huudred feet without meet
ing with any success it broke a drill,
failed to extract it and abandoned the en
terprise. Last summer a Stockton com
pany was lormed and began boring on the
present site, and it has met with the
greatest success.
A man who was admitted to the enclos
ure one day this week says the gas was
turned on under the boiler of the engine
that operates the boring machine; then
it was ignited, and In twenty-eiyht min
utes the gauge showed sixty pounds of
steam.
It i-. claimed that gas in small quanti
ties was discovered several weeks ago, and
the man in cnarce ot lie work has been
heating his house with it ever since and
using it for cooking purposes.
It is impossible to leUrn the exact depth
at which the larger body of gas was struck,
but it is rumored that the well is down
some 000 feet.
COMMODORES CAUSTIC.
There's a Social and Naval Tempest at
Sausalito Over the Mooring of
a Ycht.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 28.—Com
modore Billings of the San Francisco
Yacht Club has his trim little craft moored
off the railroad wharf at this place, and
the vessels of Uncle Sam's marine ser
vice, when they drop anchor off Sausalito,
are compelled to seek anchorage off old
Sausalito, which is not quite as convenient
as the location where Commodore Billings
has his yantil moored.
In consequence the oilicers complained*
When they visit the young ladies on the
bill tliry do not lilce 10 be compelled to
travel from the old town over dusty roads
to the mansion* near the sky, and when
they desire to go to the city for a night's
pleasure the journey from the vessel to
the ferry is quite a long one.
So trouble arose. Commodore C. H.
Harrison of Sausalito wrote a note to
Commodore Bllinps informing him of the
state of affairs and pointing out to him
that his yacht is sliiruily in the way.
Commodore Billings, according to the
story, wrote a reply, in which he stated
that he was quite pleased with the loca
tion of h-s craft. Commodore Harrison
wrote a sharp letter in reply.
The revenue cutters Rush and Bear, the
cruiser Petrel, the survey-boats McAr
thur, Gedney and Albaiross and other
vessels were compelled to steer clear of
the trim little craft owned by Commodore
Billings.
The Town Trustees last night showed
their hand in the matter. A resolution
was introduced by General John H. Dick
inson making it necessary for owners of
yachts to obtain permission from th*»
Board of Town Trustees as to the location
of moorings, and it will be passed at the
meeting to be held on next Monday nii'ht.
It is intended to compel Commodore Bil
lings to cliange the location of his
yacht-
F HEM IX WIFE'S EXPLOIT.
dad in a N gh robe She Goes Forth Armed
to Avenga Her Husband's
Wrongs.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 28. -Clad only
in a nightrobe, crouching in the cold, with
pistol in hand, an elderly and well-known
ladj- of Phoenix spent half the night wait
ing to deal retribution to tue man whom
she tnourht hail wronged her husband.
She was Mrs. J. G. Fiel is, wife of a prom
inent undertaker and one of the leading
members of the Salvation Army corps.
Tde man on whom she sought to wreak
vengeance was W. H. Smith, the under
taker, who had been in partnership with |
her husband for the past year. During
the day previous the two men hail dis
solved partnership and settled their ac
counts. By the terms of mis settlement
the Fi -Ids found themselves losers to the
amount of $1000. Mrs. Fields became
very much excited and accused Smith of
dishonest practices.
Shortly after midnightshe left her home
unknown to the rest of the family. At 2
o'clock the entire police force of the city
were searching for her, and at daylight she
was traced to Smith's house, a mile dis
tant. Here her tracks were lost, and
nothing further was heard of her until late
in the alternoon of tlie succeeding day,
when word reached her husband that she
was salely housed with a friend in the
northern part of the city, where she was
lying ill from the effects of exposure and
nervous excitement.
MANY PESTS BURNED.
Report of the Secretary of the State
Horticultural Board and Election
of Officers.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., April 28.— At the
meeting of the State Board of Horticul
ture to-day, the secretary, B. M. L?long,
presented his report for the past year. It
showed in detail the business of the board,
including the removal of the office to Sac
ramento, examinations made, bulletins
and reports published, and new legisla
tion affecting horticultural interests.
The report of the quarantine officer,
Alexander Craw, showed tuat tilty-eight
steamships and sailing vessels, arriving
at the port of San Francisco since iast No
vomber, hail been inspected. The im
ports consisted of 779 large cases and
crates, 31 bundles and 84 small boxes of
trees, plant-, etc., also 378 sacks of pine
apple plants for Florida. During this
time there arrived 5143 boxes of oranges
from Japan that showed light indications
of Hcale, anci were fumigated with extra
strength of hydrocyanic acid j&a. Seventy
seven boxes oi oranges from Mazatlan,
Mexico, 10 boxes of oranges from Samoa
and t> boxes of oranges front San Jose del
Cabo, all inieciet with injurious scale
insects new to this State, were also fumi
gated. Piants to the number of 1700 were
destroyed thut arrived during this time.
A lot of plum trees which arrived from
Japan lor Vacaville were found infected
with a new scale very difficult to destroy.
Tbese trees were burned. There were
a'so eleven crates of cherry and plum
trees, which were treated three limes
with stron.' remedies and the insects on
them were stiil found to be alive. These
were abo burned.
Three lots of artificial flowers were
seized, which were inserted into cherry
branches. These branches were infected
with the red wax scale, an insect wbicll
does much damage in Honolulu. These
were burned and no sucn decorations -n
future will be allowed to land.
Tue eiecuon of officers for the next two
venrs resulted as follows: President, Hon.
Eliwood Cooper of Santa Barbara: vice
presiilunt, Frank H. Buck of Vacaville;
chairman of tne finance committee, R. J>.
Stepnens of Sacraniento; secretary, B M.
Lelong; treasurer, r red C. Miles of Pen
ryn; quarantine officer, Alexander Craw
of Loa Angeles; clerk, Ella F. Hallahan
of Oakland.
A communication from F. Af. Righter.
president of the Campbell Fruit-growers'
Union, requested tbe appointment of a
committee of five competent fruit men to
report to the next State Fruit-growers'
Convention on tbe markelinc of fruit*,
etc. The board appointed K. D. Stephens
of Sacramento, F. M. lUgbter of Camp
bell, B. F. Walton of Yuba City and Joiin
E. Boal of National City, the rifth mem
ber to be appointed after further con
sideration.
All commissions to be issued to quaran
tine guardians throughout 'he Stale are
to be charged at the rate of $1 each.
Sacramento was asreed upon as the lo
cation of the next State Fruit-growers'
Convention, to be held in November next.
Commissioner Stephens and the secretary
were appointed a committee on arrange
ments for the next convention. Commis
sioners Freil C. Miles, F. A. Kimbail and
Frank H. Buck were appointed a commit
tee on programme.
The board then adjourned to afford the
mem b rs an opportunity of going to San
Francisco to attend the coming Pure Food
Congress.
STANFORD NOMINATIONS.
Candidates wr Offices Named at a Meet
ing of the Student
Body.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oal., April
28. — The student body at Stanford held an
enthusiastic meeting in the chapel this
afternoon, at which officers for the ensu
ing year were nominated. The names of
all the candidates for student body favors
wero presented with proper nominating
speeches, in which their virtues were elo
quently brought forward.
Charles M. Fickert and A. B. Morgan,
both of the junior clas«, were nominated
for president. Fictert was captain of the
football team last year and is the presi
dent of his dMSi He ha 3 also taken a
prominent purt in his debating club. Mor
gan was elected president of the Demo
cratic club of the university during the
last campaign. He was one of the debat
ing team which represented Stanford in
the last car. iut and also in the last inter
collegiate debate.
C. Haas, '9 ( J, was the only candidate for
secretary.
F. W. Morrison, '96, and Horace Pome
roy, '97, were nominated for treasurer.
Tnis is the most important and responsi
ble office in the gift of the student body.
Morrison, the incumbent, has made an
enviable record during his term of office.
By careful management he has entirely
removed a debt of four years' grown
a: ainst the student association. It
amounted to about $1900. In addition to
this the indications are that all indebted
ness contracted during the present year
will be wnied out.
Horace Pomeroy was elected president
of the student body Jast year by a large
majority and has made an efficient
officer.
Charles E. Schwartz, the present man
aging editor of the Daily Palo Alto, was
the only candidate for editor-in-chief.
F. S. Fisher was likewise the only candi
date placed in nomination for business
manager of the paper. Dane Coolidge
and L. I. Gregory" were nominated ior
editor-in-chief and business manager of
the Sequoia, the literary paper of Stan
/ord.
Atnbrosoff Urea I row Carton,
CARSON, Nev., April 28.— Dr. Am
brosoff, the Russian doctor whose Oaklan d
record was published in the Carson papers
a few days ago, has disappeared. He had
been here about a year practicing on a
fraudulent diploma. He left suddenly
when he found the authorities were about
10 take action in bis case.
BROKEN TRUCK
UNDER THE CAR
Portland Street-Railway
Disaster Not Due to
Negligence.
Claim of Motorman Keiff Is
Eorne Out by an Inves
tigation.
Fourth Name Added to the List
of Those Who Lost Their
Lives.
PORTLAND, Ob.. April 28.— Another
death occurred to-day as a result of yester
day's frightful streetcar accident on the
east side. The victim was Michael Ben
ninger, an employe of the Oregon Furni
ture Company. Others of the injured are
not expected to survive.
With the raising of the wrecked car from
the bottom of the slouch last evening it
was indisputably shown that the derail
ment of the car, which led to the disaster
which has cost four lives, was caused by
the breaking of the axle of the left front
wheel on the forward track. With this
broken axle it was impossible to apply
the brakes with any force, and the stretch
of down crade still to be run before the
bridge was reached allowed the car to gain
great impetus. On reaching the planking
of the bridge the dragging of the lelt front
end of the car caused it to swerve in that
direction, with the result that it dashed
into the sidewalk, carried away the frail
railing and plunged into the slough below.
Motoraan Keiff insisted from the first
that it was a broken axle that caused the
derailment, and it is a source of sad con
gratulation to himself and to the City and
Suburban Railway officials to learn that
the moiorruan was corroborated by the
facts. '1 he motorman was arrested on a
charge of manslaughter this afternoon,
but was released on bonds.
LEAGUERS AT SAN JOSE.
Several Hundred Delegates Participate in
Street - Corner Gospel
Meetings.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 28.— There was
a large attendance at the sessions of the
Epworth League convention to-day. Quite
a number of delegates arrived on the early
trains. Over 300 attended the exercises
and the meeting places were crowded with
all Kinds of church worker?.
The day's work opened with a sunrise
prayer meetinp, under the leadership of
Rev. L. If. Burwell of Palo Alto, at the
Centella Methodist Church. The conven
tion proper opened at the First Methodist
Church at 9 o'clock, witn tne sacrament
of the Lord's Supper by Rev. John Coyle,
followed by a lovefeast, led by Rev. R. S.
Can tine.
Rev. H. F. Briggs, the president of ttie
District League, delivered his annual ad
ilress. Tne report of the secretary, Miss ■
Alice Osgood, was read. The reports of '■
both officers showed the league to be in a \
prosperous condition. A paper on "Pithy ]
Points for Pen and Pocket-book" was
read by Miss Anna Theurkauf. A recep
tion to fraternal delegates followed.
At the atternoon session the folloTine
programme was carried out: Praise ser
vice, led by Rev. John Stephens, Simpson
memorial; paper, "The Humanitarian
Opportunities of the Leaeue," Mrs. Julia
EL Davidson; paper, "Brainy Methodists—
What Can the League Do to Train Them?"
Miss Agnes Nickerson; paper, "The So
cial Skie of the Epworth League," Miss
Hannah Wood ; mu^ic; "Best Methods of
Work for a Country Leasue,"F. A. Lamb;
"Best Methods of Work for a City League."
Miss Theresa Kurlbaum; music; paper,
"The Seniors of To-morrow" — the Inter
mediate League, Miss Edith Stall!; paper,
"Tne Seniors of Day After To-morrow" —
the Junior?, Miss Knowles.
In :ne evening the delegates divided
into little groups and r.eld services on the
NEW TO-DAY. '
I MANLY^OWER. I
|g: When Lost It Can Be Regained by Using Elec- 3
tricity — Interesting Remarks to Men. 3
E; TPHERE IS NO ELEMENT SO PRECIOUS TO THE 3
~2 * average man as self-confidence. In it is bound up a vast
amount of the pleasures of living ; without it and the strength 35
»2 which goes with it, men are gloomy, despondent, and only 31
I half men. =^
m^ Men, do you want to regain this important element of
your manhood ? Do you want to feel as strong and self-con"
!S^ trolled as any mau of your age ? If so, try electricity.
S= All the vital force of the body depends upon the electricity =^{
| in it. When weakness comes it is from a waste of this elec-
trical energy.
An appliance is made which pours it into the weakened E^j
fc:* parts for hours at a time — while you sleep at night. It is Dr.
! St: Sanden's famous Electric Belt. j2
STL This wonderful appliance is made peculiarly for the purpose 13
23 of infusing life into the.weakened vital parts. The vital force is 3
sent in a steady, even stream, and as it saturates the weakened
£2f glands it carries with it the energy, warmth and vigor of youth.
2: Life is made brighter for the possession of strong nerves, 3
5= bright eyes, and the happy, jovial temperament which is the -"^
fc. result of a healthy vital force. The world loves a strong man,
S^: and despises a weak one. =^
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has made thousands of men for- .
gl get the errors of the past; it has renewed in them the full 13
21 vigor of manhood. Here is one of its recent cures: 3
»- DR. A. T. SASDEX— Dear Sir: When I commenced to wear your Belt I was a'l -^»
iy~ broken down. My nerves were <-ompletely shattered and I had tearful .11:11 in my back. —ti.
[ w— My digestion was so Door that I cou: 1 not eat anything without great distress afti-nvanl.
I I wu- weak for years from losses resultinetrom early lndiscret'on. Now, utter wcarins —^
1 a^_ your Belt, my pains are all gone, appetite good and my strength is restored. Jiv loishs :^g
1 «»— are stopped and I feel strong and hearty asain. I have gained eleven pounds and a half _«
jS~ in the last month. « I wish that every sufferer from weakness had one of your Pelts. — ■•
»_ Words cannot express the gratitude I reel. Yours respectfully, ' ■ ™"2
g— • JOSKI»Ii HENRICU, 153 Teliamn street, San Francisco.
There is positively no other treatment in the world that has ' anything
to equal the public indorsement given to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt for its 13
g- cures of vital weakness. Men who are well known in business and poll- -^5
| tics,'in professional and private life, have voluntarily offered evidence . of
its having cured them. Such proof cannot be set aside. It is . beyond a 13
22 doubt absolute evidence that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men, =^
g- and cures permanently. • B^-'>"v
»— If you are weak call and see further evidence at Dr. Sanden's office. 13
5= Examine and test this wonderful belt. INVESTIGATE THE CURES.
Give it the justice of an honest, candid examination, and you will suffer
•^- no more. You will drug no more. IS
A most valuable book by Dr. Sanden, "Three Classes of Men," civ-
, ing information upon this subject, can be had free at the office or by mail, =38
*■- closely sealed from observation. Call or address : ; 13
fc: SAMDFIU Fl FrTRIP TO 632 Market Street. Oppogita 13
O/%l\ULni LLLLIIVIL, V.W., Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
|&— • ■ (ifflce.Hou-B— B a. m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Loi Anzees office. '204 South -"•
m»~ Broadway; Port, and. Or. 253 Washington street: Denver, Col.. 935 Sixteenth street- • ~m.
m*~ NOTE. — Make no mistake In the number— 633 Market street. ilaka note of It. m
different street corners and Irom the goa
pel wagons.
- — *■ — -
| Misaiyo JfXOM sax JOSE.
• Manager, of a Co-operative Agency
Mourned by Creditor*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aniil 28. — Henry
! Kent'!, the manager of a recently estab-
I lished co-operative agency at 206 West
I Santa Clara street, has disappeared, leav
; ing a large number of creditors. F. M.
Bargas, a partner of JtCegel's, is out sev
eral hundred dollars.
The agency sold goods and produce on
commission and dealt in almost every
thing. A couple of weeks ago Ke^el
bought the Weekly Report from Mrs.
A. K. de Jarneite for about $300. but made
no payments on the purch se price. He
chanced the name of the pa;er to the
, "Mirror," and enlarged it to sixteen
I pages. He was also thinking of making
I it a daily, and had placed mi order lop
j type. Kiel's indebtedness will probably
reacn $1000.
Keg 1 gained considerable notoriety
j eight or nine years ago by eloping with
] Mrs. Fred Sprung of this city. They sub
sequently returned to San "Jose ami be
came very zealous workers in the Salva
tion Army. A few yours ago the woman
died and Kegel married again, and his
present wife is now with him.
. I * ,
2b is a Hilton'* Suit IHimiased:
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 23 — The suit of
Msrie Wilson against P. J. Burroughs for
$50,000 for breach of promise to marry was
dismissed by Judge Hyland to-day. Bur
roughs is a traveling jewelry auctioneer,
and he met Miss Burroughs in Los An
geles. She came here after him and insti
tuted the suit for damages. Later she
followed him East. Burroughs is now iv
Chicago.
Sheriff Closet a Vkiah Store.
UKIAH, Cal., April 28.— 8y virtue of
an attachment issued out ot the Superior
Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, in tne action of L. SL Bachman
vs. C. Hoffman, the general merchandise
store ol the latter at this place was to-day
closed by the Sheriff. The suit was
brought by Joseph Kirk, representing the
San Francisco Boaru oi Trade, and the
amount sought to be recovered is $4004.
J All, Elt jr <LOS ASGEZ.ES.
lit porter Snoxoden -l reused of Mutilating
a Grind Jury Report.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 28.—
Robert Snowden, a well-known newspaper
reporter, is in the County Jail. To-day
L. Cole man swore to a complaint against
Snowden, charging him with stealing one
page of the official report of the late Grand
Jury of this county, as presented and filed
in tne Superior Court on April 20.
Snowden was placed under arrest, and
before Justice Young ne was arraigned on
the charge and his bail fixed at $1000. Not
being prepared to supply a bond in that
sum, the young man was sent to the
county jail.
The part of the report taken related to
the official conduct of Justice Morrison of
this city and Justice Kossiter of Pasa
dena. It severely censured these offi
cials for the slovenly and irregular man
ner in which they kept their dockets.
ItISASTEIi ytiAH WA.Z.LACE.
Engine Plunges lhreujtt a liridge Into
a Hirer.
WALLACE, Idaho, April L>B.— An en
gine ou the Northern Pacific narrow*
guage line between here and Mission went
through a bridge across the South Fork, a
mile and a half west of here, at 3 o'clock
this morning. The engineer and fireman
both stayed with the locomotive until it
struck the bottom and swam out unhurt.
The engine was backing down, nulling
a train on an extra run to Mission. Id
was running slowly, or the tender would
have plunged into the cat), killing or
arowninsr both men. Tne bridge cave wav
on the lower side as soon astheeng:no
struck it, turning the angina on its sidu
and tipping one span of the bridge up ou
end. One flat car followed the engine,
landing on top of the boiler minus the
trucks.
The Telephone for Han Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 28.— C. W.
Hinchcliffe, superintendent for Southern
California of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany, arrived here to-day ironi Los An
geles. He says the schooner with poies
for tuo long-distance line is now on it.
way to San Diago from Puget Sounds
Thirty men are now at work putting up
wires in town, ana when that is com
pleted the force will doubled for work be
tween San Diego and Santa Ana, thus giv
ing this city telephonic communication,
with the outside world.
34
SPURRED
BY LOVE TO
TAKE LIFE
Savage Attack Upon a
Rancher's Wife and
Daughter.
WOUNDED BY A FORMER
EMPLOYE.
Gains Access to Their Rooms
at Night and Fires
Upon Them.
ENDS HIS OWN CAEEER IN A
NEARBY BARN.
Failure of His Suit for the Girl's
Hand Had Driven Him to
Madness.
FRESNO, Cal., April lß.— Mad with an
unrequited love James Brooks sought in
a mos; tragic manner the life of pretty
Neoma Quails at her home, sixteen miles
east of this city last night. The young
lady's mother appearing upon the scene
the desperate man tried to murder her
also. After he had shot and wounded the
girl he adored Brooks' nerve gave way,
and in response to her appeals he spared
her, although he was holding a hatchet
over her head ready to to strike a fatal
blow. But, in accordance with the plan
he had probably mapped out, the wretch
ran to a barn about three-quarters of a
mile distant and ended bis own existence.
The bay took lire from the discharge of
the gun with which be shot himself, and
to-day his charred remains were found in
the ruins of the buiiding.
Brooks' purpose was to enact a tragedy
which would have been one of the most
awful ever perpetrated in the history of
the State. It was about 2 o'clock in the
morning when he stole into the home of
the Quails, where mother and daughter
were sleeping. He hacJ been at the house
the evening before and ascertained that
Mr. Quails and his two grown sons were
away in the mountains and that the
ladies were at home alone and without
protection. Going to their bedroom doois,
lie sbot at them with a shotgun as they
sprang, startled, from their beds. His aim
was poor and he hit them in the arm*.
Miss Quails' injury is not serious, but her
mother's condition is dangerous because
of loss of blood.
The cause of Brooks' desperate act was
an insane love be possessed for the young
Jady, who is a very handsome blonde of
19 years. He has worked as a laborer for
the cast six years in tbe vicinity, and
about two years ago he was employed at
the Qualis ranch. It was then that he
formed an ardent love for the girL
She rejected all his proffered attentions.
Only once did she ever accept an invita
tion to go riding with him. Learning
what the man's intentions were she re
fused after that to nave anything to do
with him. He remained at the ranch for
several months, but his persistent efforts
to gain the friendihip of the girl finally
became so unbearable that her father dis
charged him.
Brooks refused to leave, and for three or
four days he stayed around the rmncb
without food. He wou'd often come up
and sit on the rear porch of the house and
sulk for hours at a time.
Finally, after the man had refused to
heed the repeated orders to leave, David
Q-ialls, the girl's f : uher, attempted to
eject him forcibly. Brooks resisted and
made a threat that lie would kill the whole
family. The amhoritiej were then ap
pealed to and the laborer was sent to jail
to serve a sentence ior making the Hire
threat.
This had not the effect of dampsning
the mad Jove of the unfortunate man. As
soon as he was released from jail he re
turned to the community and went to
work on a ranch. Off and on he would
offer to pay attention to the young lady,
but she would have nothing to do with
him.
It was not until last evening that Brooks
made any further demonstration. About
6:30 o'clock he drove up to the home of
Miss Quails in a buggy. Tieing his horse
at tbe barn, he walked into the house,
■where the girl and her mother were ai
work in tbe kitchen. Being alone at
home they became somewhat alarmed at
his appearance. They invited him to
have supper, but he refused, saying that
he had already eatet;.
A Call representative to-day visited the
scene of Brooks' rash attempts, and Miss
Quails made the following statement, she
mill being up, although her wound pained
her considerably :
"While we were ali in the kitchen Mr.
jJrooks asked me to go riaing with him.
I told him I could not do so, but he in
sisted in a coaxing manner. I positively
refused, and after we had been talking
back and forth several minutes mother
•aid we had better go into the sitting
room. Tnen Mr. Brooks said he would go
home, and started out of the house. In
the yard he met my little brother, to
whom he remarked, "1 "guess «he'll talk to
me the next time I come.' While he wa
in the kitchen talking with us mother
said that she expected to take a trip East
this summer, and Mr. Brooks mad* the
peculiar remark that he did not think she
would be able to go.
"After the man left we were frightened.
There was no one here other than mother
and I and three children. Before retiring
w« fastened all the doors except the rear
one, on which the lock was broken. 'We
placed a chair against tnia and weighted
it down.
"At about 2 o'clock this morning I heard
the rear door being pushed open, the
cbair making considerable noise in scrap
ing on the floor. Then I heard some one
enter. The door of my bedroom was open
to the sitting-room, into which the man
entered. We bad left a light burning in
the sitting-room, and when I arose in bed
I saw Mr. Brooks standing in the noor
way of my room. He had a lantern in
his left hand and a shotgun in bis right.
Pausing a minute he raised the gun and
pointed it at me, ami I began begcin* him
not to shoot. Ho announced that he had
come to kill me because I would not
settle with him. I implored him noc to
kill mf.
"Mother, who was in the adjoining bed
room, heard us talking and was awakened.
She recognized Mr. Brooks' voice, and
th<-n she knew that our fears of the even
ing before were realized. She jumped
from bed and I heard her screaming, 'Oh!
oh! 1
"She then tried to get out of the win
dow. It was fastened and she tried to
break it. She broke the panes out with
her hands, but the sash wouid not yield.
Mr. Brooks then stepped to the door of
her room, which was also open, and told
her to come back. There being no way to
get out. she obeyed his command and ad
vanced toward him. When she was about
three feet distant lroui him he fired. Tbe
charge tore away the under portion of her
left forearm and a few scattering shot
lodged in her breast. She then ran past
him ana out the rear door, which was
standing open a; he had 'ett it.
"The man hud set iii-s lantern on the
floor, and after firing at mother reloaded
thegun. Then he stepped to my bedroom
door I was still s.tting up in the bed,
screaming and not knowing what to do.
He advanced a fpw step 3 toward me.
'Say yor.r prayer.-!' he commanded. At
tho same time he raised the gun and dis
charged it :it me, tbe ?hot taking effect
just above my lett wrist. I fell over and
lost consciousness for a minute.
"When I revived, Air. Brooks was stand
ing over me. pointing the muzzle of the
gun at me. 1 sprang from the bed, intend
ing to make an attempt to run away. He
then changed the gun to his left hand,
and with Jus right whipped out a hatchet.
He stopped me and held the instrument
over my bead, with the stern injunction,
'Don't you run.'
"My memory is a blank after that until
Mr. Brooks "and I reached the yard
together. How we got there, 1 do not
know. The next thine I remember we
were standing out near the rear porch. 'I
have hurt you, and I will be hanped for it,'
I heard Mr. Brooks say. 'Yes,' I replied,
'let me go and get my arm oandaged.'
Then the man laid his head on my shoul
der and cried, sobbing that he was sorry
that he had shot me. He kissed me, and
said he could not bear to see me go with
Frank Hutchings. I said nothing, but
only begged him to let me go. He finally
released his bold of me and went to the
rear of the house. I saw nothing more of
him.
"I ran out to the gate and down the
driveway to the public road. About ISO
yards from the house I found mother
lying at the side of the road, sobbing and
crying. She had tried to get to some
neighbors, but fell exhausted on the way.
1 stopped with ber a moment and then
ran to the place of William T. Burnett, a
neighbor, screaming all the way. I called
for help, and Mr. Burnett, Frank Hutch
ings and Elmer Smith, who were there,
responded. I ran back 1o where mother
was. The men arrived a few minutes later
and on a sled conveyed us back here to
the house.
"This is an awful affair, and I am not
over ihe shock yet," continued the young
lady. "I could not accept any of the at
tentions Mr. Brooks tried to pay me, as he
was very repulsive to me. I tried always
to treat him kindly, but nothing further."
The young lady told her story very in
telligently. She is quite a belle in the
district in which she resides. She is
pretty, and very ladylike in her manners.
When Mrs. Quails ran past t'-e mur
derous fiend a:nl out of the house she
starred for Mr. Burnett's house to get as
sistance. Her wound bled profusely, and
she hail proceeded only about half the
distance to the place, when she fell ex
hausted. She managed to crawl to the
side of the road, and remained thereuntil
found by her daughter. She is an eideriy
iady, and the excitement and the run
ning also told severely upon her.
It is supposed that Broofcs took the trail
leadi.ig through a erain Geld to a barn
owned by Mr. Quails, about three-quarters
of a mile distant from the house.
When the neighbors had made Mrs.
Quails and Miss Quails as comfortable as
ttiey could ia the bedrooms where a few
moments bafore they had gone through
such an awiu! experience they began look
ing around for the would-be murderer.
About a half-hour later they saw the fire
at the barn, and immediately came to the
conclusion thai Brooks had starteu it.
Hutchinjis remained at the house, while
the other two proceeded to the barn.
They suspected that the desperate man's
remains might be in the ruins, but on ac
count of the heat could make no investi
gation.
They returned to the house, and with
Hutchings began to make investigations
with the aid of the lantern. Here they
fourd evidence of another insane attempt
of Brooks to destroy the girl and her
mother.
The fiend had tried to set the house on
fire directly under the window of Miss
Quails' bedroom. He bad poured kero
sene on the boards and applied a match.
The lire charred the wall over a space
about a foot in diameter and also burned
a hole through; but the blaze had died
out, and it is supposed that after faihng in
this way to effect his evil work he entered
the house for the more bold proceeding of
snooting the women.
This forenoon the chaned remains of
Brooks were discovered in the ruins of the
uarn. The shotgun was pointing upward
above the ashes, and what there was of
the man was found at its side.
His hatchet was also at his side, the
handle having been burned out. Coroner
Long held an inquest to-day, and the jury
arrived at the conclusion that Brooks hrst
shoe himself and that the discharge
ignited the hay where he had chosen to
end hi- life.
Dr. Jacobi of Centerville was called to
attend the two injured women. He found
Mrs. Quails' condition serious, she having
lost a great deal of blood. The shot had
carried away the fleshy part of her arm
on one side. The doctor hopes for her re
covery, but has given orders that she be
closely confined to her room. He dressed
Miss Quails' wound with bandage*, and it
will heal in a few weeks.
David Quails and his family are p'oneer
residents of Fresno County. Miss Quails
was born on a ranch about a mile distant
from their present home. The family is
Well to do and well connected. Little has
been learned as yet of James Brooks' his
tory. He was always considered a strange
individual, being of a very suspicious dis
position. He was a native of Indiana and
30 years of ape. It was not ascertained to
day where he procured the shotgun with
which he tried to commit the two terrible
murders and with which he ended hi3own
career.
Messengers have been sent after Mr.
Quails and his sons, who are o.ncaged in
planting corn at their foothill ranch.
SAXTA JSAJtJiAJCA -iCCIItBDT.
Tinner Badly Burned by an £xpioiion
of Oat.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat,., April 28.—
Rudolph Workurka, a tinner employed
by-Roeder & Ott, bad a very narrow escape
from death this morn inc. lie was clean
ing a tire-pot, and in taking off ihe burner
failed to turn off the air. The gas com
municated with the flame of another pot
standing close by. There was a flash, and
the man appeared for an Instant to be on
lire.
With his clothes burning he picked up
tbe flaming pot nnd ran into the open air
to -aye the building. He was told to lay
down and drop the pot, whicn he did, and
his feiiow-empioyes covered him with
dirt aiid extinguished the fire. The burns
bo recsived extendeJ from his waist to
his lace, also covering his hands and
arras. It is believed his life will be saved.
San Bernardino election, font mil.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 28.-
At the city election on April 12 returns
from the Fourth Ward indicated the elec
tion of J. C. Wees (R.) over R. Pop
pett (F.) by a majority of two. The
Democrats, Populists and Silver Republi
can*, forming * fusion party, decided to
contest the election, allecing fraud on the
part of the inspectors. The ease came up
to-day before Judge Oner, and a recount
shows that Wees (Rep.) is elected by 1
majority.
Mount Vernon liny m,« of X,oefcjn\g,
SAN BERNARDINO. Cal., April 28.-
Henry Rutledge, 18 years of age, to-day
died of lockjaw near Mount Vernon. He
ran a redwood splinter in bis loot on Fri
day and paid no attention to it. Yester
day ne felt pain and was taken sick with
symptoms of lockjaw. A doctor was sum
moned, but he was past medical aid, and
died iv great agony.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2!J, 1597.
NATIVES VISIT
STANFORD FARM
Grand Parlor Delegates
Gaze Upon Fine
Horses.
Stop at the Palo Alto Univer
sity and Are Cheered
by Students.
Impromptu Picnic at Mer.lo Park
Concludes a Pleasant
Outing.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 23.— The
Native Sons representing the order in
Grand Parlor had an enjoyable outing
this afternoon as a diversion from dry
discussion on grievances and points of or
der. In buses, surreys, four-in-hand?,
double rigs and tingle rig 3 the procession
started from the Aluambra shortly after 1
o'clock. The column was headed by Ron
covieri's baui in a band - wason. The
fine residences of Menlo were seen, the
grounds inspected and the occupants sa
luted with strains of music.
In the quadrangle of Stanford Univer
sity, where the column halted, the band
played, and the students cheered and
sought to "josh" Finley Cook of Berke
ley, who proved to bo equal to the occa
sion. Another halt was made at the mu
seum of the university, and then the
party proceeded to the Palo Alto stock
iarm, where Fiank Covey, the superin
tendent, exhibited many of the horses of
great renown. He prefaced the exhibi
tion with a few remarKs of tribute to the
memory of Governor Stanford, which
brought cheers from the Native Sons.
Flambean, Advertiser, Dexter Prince,
Pico, Beautiful Bells, Rosamond, Laura
C. Lulu Wilkes aud other horses of note
were trotted out. Advertiser was men
tioned as the horse that Governor Stan
ford had been offered $150,000 for. A
great send-off was given to D«-xter Prince.
Covey said the horse was owned by Adolph
Spreckels, one of ti.e ureatest Native Sens
in the State, end the crowd cheered to the
echo.
When a vote of thanks was properly
extended to Superintendent Covey the
procession, guided by "Jack" Scbroeder
and George ue GoJta, made a dash for
Kuck's Grove, where the Menlo Park Par
lor had arranged to give its guests the
giad hand and some sandwiches and
liquid cheer.
Grand President H. C. Gosford was met
la the suburbs of the town by a commit
tee. He was then escorted to an old
fashioned rig drawn oy a muie of a nre
vious decade and a horse of uncertain age.
H. C. Hall gave to President Gesford the
keys of the town. Gesford accepted the
gift and became the possessor of the keys
without a lawsuit to question bis title
thereto.
The Menlo committee, consisting of M.
E. Doyle. Frank Roach, Bert Clute, F. \V.
Kugler and D. E. O'Keefe, gave the Native
Sons a great welcome, and cheer after
cheer was triven in the grove for Menlo
Parlor No. 185. The grove and the avenues
leading to the treea were tastefully deco
rated in honor of the Grand Parlor's visit.
The run home from Menlo Park to Red
wood was a free-for-all three-mile dash
and many fine bursts of speed were made
on the way, while the band played on.
It is lucky that no vehicles were wrecked.
The drivers of the four-in-hands were
highly complimented for their skill. The
only mishap during the day was the
smashing of a surrey wheel at the Stan
lord stockfarm.
At the session of the Grand Parlor this
nfiernoon a telegram from Grand Vice-
Pre?ident George D. Clark wa« read. He
announced sickness as the cause of non
attendance.
A, reso'ution calling for an appropria
tion of $2500. to be invested in I'SGO shares
in Mission Parlor bui:ding, met with an
adverse report and the report was adopted.
The Bajnry of the grand secretary was,
Dy resolution, fixed at $2.-JOO per annum.
The committee on >tate of the order
recognized the Sloat monument at Mon
terey in the following recommendation:
We recommend that the request of the Sloat
Monument Association for tiie Native Sons of
the Go. den West to furnish a stone with suit
able inscription thereon to bo placed In the
base of the Sloat monument, be complied
with, and we further recommend that the In
coming board of prand trustees be instructed
to furnish said stone.
Tha report was adopted.
The stirring State song, "Hail Califor
nia," composed by Josephine Gro, was by
resolution' referred to the ritual commit
tee, witn a reccommendation that it be in
corporated In the ritualistic work of the
order.
James L. Gallacher moved that the ac
tion taker, yesterday abolishing the office
of second grand vice-president b9 recon
sidered. On motion of James P. Dockery
the whole subject matter was made a
special order ior 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
The election of officers of the Grand
Parlor will take place to-morrow, and the
chief interest to-night centered in the con
t-st of Frank L. Coombs of Napa and
Judge Rust of Amador for grand orator.
The frltnds of Coombs claim tnat he is
steadily gaining. Judge Davis, who is
conducting the campaign for Judge Rust,
is as sanguine as ever that the Amador
orator will win the prize.
The event of the Native Sons' celebra
tion in the estimation of the youih and
beauty of this end of -San Mateo County
was the bill at the pavilion to-night. The
interior of the structure wa« profusely but
artistically <iecorated in pink, blue" and
soft tint-. Many representative society
people were in attendance. The grand
march at 9:30 o'clock was led by Grand
Presi'teiit llenrv C. Gesford of Napa and
Miss Turner of Redwood City.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. James A. Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Josselyn, Mr. and Mr?. J. B. Schroder,
Mr. and Mrs. Georee Ross. Mrs L.. P.
Behrn?, Mr. and Mr?. William B. Law
rence. Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Cooper, Mr. and
Mrs. Cluness. Mr. and Mrs. J. Johnson
Mr. and Mr?. 1). R. Stafford, Voseph
Coffey, Miss Addio Underbill, Miss
Jennie Kelly, Clara Meramontes, Char
lotte Meramontes, Mr. and Mrs. Kinne.
Miss Bmt\ Miss Gilbert, Miss Stafford'
Miss Camp, Miss Cole, Mr. and Mrs. E
Wilcox. Mr. and Mr*. M. A. Thompson^
Mr. nnd Mrs. H. Scheab-rg, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Granger, Mi-s Prinpevalle. Miss
Abbie Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. H W
Walker. Messrs. J. P. Hull, A Kin'caid'
Ed Kincaid, Dr. Villain, Will Murphy, J.
Malone, Dave Stafford, Lawrence Hein'er
William King.
I,o* Angoiet Murderer's fate.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 28.—
Emanuel Brown, colored, will have to
t pend the rest of his Hie in the peniten
tiary for mnrdering James Bellew. Brown
was accused of killing Bellewafew months
aco by httinc him over the head with a
club, for the purpose of robbery. The
jury to-night returned a verdict of "murder
in the first degree, with the penalty fixed
at life imprison men;.
Ai» Kicaped Lunatic
Alfred Lenormond. who escaped recently
from the Agnewa Lunatic Asylum, was cap
tured yesterday morning by Deputy Sheriff
Usher at his father's residence, Fourteenth
and Howard streets, lie asked the deputy to
wait ior a few minutes till he fixed himseif
ud. He jumped out of an upper window and
ran, but Usner overtook him after running
three blocks and took him to the Receiving
Hospital. He will be taken back to the asylum
to-day.
THE SCHEME APPROVED.
Property-Owner* on Grove Street Will
ing to I'aj- llu-ir Asaesameuta.
The project of cutting through Alamo
Square has assumed tangible shap9. as
the report of the special committee ap
pointed by Charles Alpers, president of
the Hayes Valley Improvement Club,
showed last nignt.
This committee, consisting of Philip S.
Fay, C. Zwierline, William Khrenpfort,
and Fred Sefkie, with President Alpers,
reported that Contractor Kelso had agreed
ro do the work for $7000, uccording to the
specifications of the survey, wnicb calls
for a seven per cent grade from Steiner to
Pierce street and a two per cent erade
from Pierce to Scott.
Ot this estimate $4500 has been guaran
teed by the property on the line of Grove
street, leaving the remainder to be raised
as soon as tho committee makes the pro
portionate assessment.
As soon as this is done collections will
be called for by David M. Short, who has
been made the official collector.
FIRST REST IN YEARS.
Chief Engineer McClure of the
Peking Will Take
Vacation.
Mrs. and Miss McClure Will Accom
pany Him to England and
Thence to Paris.
Chief Engineer William McClure. one
of the most popular and efficient oilicors
in the employ of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, is, after thirty -three years
of continuous service, about to take a va
ontion. The corporation has granted him
live months' leave of absence and he leaves
next Sunday for England and the conti
nent, accompanied by his wife and daugh
ter.
Mr. McClure came here as water-tender
on the old line steamer Colorado. He had
served his time and had graduated as an
engineer, but never having been to sea he
had to start at the lowest rung in the en
gine-room. When he left New York it
was only with the intention of making the
trip to San Francisco and buck again, but
an offer of an "assistant's" job on the Sac
ramento kept him here. When the St.
Louis came out Air. McClure was trans
ferred to her and later he went to the
Montana. While on the latter steamer he
was granted a few days leave of absence
and while he was away the steamer turned
over and sank alongside the dock. It was
a co miii on saying on the beach at the time
that tne "Montana went down out of
grieving over the Joss of Bili McClure, If
even only for a few days."
The raising of the Montana occupied
three months, and wiien the job was com
pleted Mr. McClure made one trip in her
and then joined the Alaska. Then be was
transferred to the Dakota, taer.ce to the
Granada, ieaving toe latter one trip before
she was lost to join the City of Pekin?, with
which steamer he has been ever since.
During his thirty-three years of con-
CHIEF ENGINEER McCLURE of the City of Peking, Who
Begins His First Vacation Next Sunday After Thirty-
Three Years of Continuous Service on the Mail Com
pany's Steamers.
secutivo servire Chief Engineer McClure
has never hau but one accident to report,
and tlint was no fault of his. On January
22, 1893. wn en 1.540 miles off San Kran
ci;-co, the shaft of the City of Peking
broke off close to the sternpost and tha
big ocean-liner was disabled. Time and
again the engineer and his assistants at
tempted to dislodge the huge wheel
which was proving a terrible drag to tne
vessel, but tailed. All sail was set, and
after being given up as lost the Peking
finally reached- the Farallones and was
towed into port.
Mr. McClure wiil on his return resume
hii old duties on the City of Petine.
During his absence Chief Engineer J.
Stevenson will act for him. The boys on
the big steamer will sadly miss him, as be
has been more like a father than a supe
rior officer to thi-m.
• Divorco Suits.
Suits for divorce have been filed In the
County Clerk's offlue as follows:
Louis G. Richman against Lena Richman
for desertion.
J. A- Kalistrom against Mrs. £.. Kallstrom
for cruelty.
Emil Scnlett against Eliza Schlett for deser
tion.
Charles Reilly against Lillian Reilly for fn
temperance.
Km... k, ,1 Down and Kicked.
Charles A. Neale, proprietor of the Golden
Gate Btables, swore to a complaint in Judge
Low's court yesterday for the arrest of James
McGrath on the charjre of mssauli to dr> griev
ous bodily harm. McGrath whs employed in
the stables, but was discharge 1 hnturday.
Neale states that McGrath returned to the sta
d.cs with four men, knocked him down ami
kicked him on »he face and head.
The facsimile yhf? ssSTZZZ** "on every wrapper
signature of : Wu*&ff&£ZiiA £of CASTOiOA.
SMALLPOX ON THE
EMPRESS OF CHINA
The Yellow Flag Floats
Over the Oriental
Steamship.
Arrives at Vancouver With
Two Sick Chinamen
on Board.
Passengers and Crew Ordered Into
Quarantine for Fourtoen
Days.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 28.— The
Canadian Pacific Railway Company's
steamer Empress of China arrived in port
yesterday floating an ominous yellow flag,
as a signal thai there was smallpox
aboard. In spite of this fact the steamer
Maude, having on board the usual crowd
of hotel runners, newspaper men and
Government officials, put off to meet her.
Dr. Watt, the Government Health Officer,
mounted the deck of the big white, liner
and motioned the crowd back. No one
but J. A. Fullerton, reprcsentine the Can
adian Pacific Railway, was allowed on
board. Watt is a new appointee of the
new Government, and he at once showed
that he meant business by telephoning to
Victoria that the crew, cabin passengers
and coolies must be kept at the quarantine
station for fourteen full days and comply
with the law as far as fumigation, baths
and change of clothing is concerned, and
any one coming in contact with the
steamer would also be detained.
This news caused great consternation on
board, as more than 1000 passengers —
some of them titled aristocrats, and
proud— would have to be housed in small
qnarters, like stock in a pen, the accom
modations being inadequate at the sta
tion, while the big siiip was fumigated
from stem to stern. One dignitary, the
Marquis of Bredalbain, an English Privy
Councilor, is compelled to submit to the
common fate with the mo:ley crowd.
All are victims of an accident, for in in
specting 700 Cninese who boarded the
steamer in the Orient the doctors were
most rigid in their examinations, but
two succeeded in passing their prac
ticed eye — two in which the germs of dis
ease were lurking.
The China is loaded to her fullest ca
pacity, and has on board 110 cabin pas
sengers, a crew of 200 and some 7uo China
men—2oo bound for Victoria and the rest
for various destinations on the mainland.
Dr. Watt states that the steamer can
not rroceed to her distributing point in
Vancouver until every man of the crew is
replaced by a fresh one, and even then
not until three days have elapsed. Tnis
is a serious problem for the Canadian Pa
cific Kailway to solve. The crew cannot
be replaced in that time, and those two
sick Chinamen are responsible lor more
inconvenience and financial loss, directly
and indirectly, than any railway would
care to have repeated a second time.
The detained passengers are complain
ing louilly of inadequate accommodation
and the authorities nave yielded to the ex
tent of chartering the staamer Islander
for a floating bedroom for at least the
women who are involuntary guests of the
Canadian Government.
JAKE RUDOLPH INSANE.
Acquitted of a Charge of Murderous
Assault and Sent to an Asylum.
Jake Rudolph, charged with attempt to
murder for shooting Harry Leslie several
months ago. was tried in Judge Wallace's
court yesterday, and a verdict of "not
guilty on account of the defendant's in
sanity" was promptly returned.
Following are tne names of the jury
men: E. O. Tuttle, Geore* Snyder J G
Hicker, George H. Hopne, George R 'Rich
mond, A. N. Grant, Victor Andler Wil
liam J. Smith. Louis A. Grade, Rudolph
11. Hahn, Fra:i£ McAleer, Horace B An
ge!l.
After the verdict was recorded Judge
Wallace asked what was to be done about
the question or the prisoner's continue.;
ltv-anity. an' the delendant's attorneys
offered to submit the matter to the same
jury, which was accordingly done and a
verdict was given that Rudolph' is still
crazy and dan crous to be at large. He
was committed to the insane asylum at
Stockton.
Rudolph was very quiet in v is dr meaner.
and it is not believed that bis insanity
will be of great duration. He is expected
back to his usual haunts in this City within
a few months.
GONE«TO IRELAND.
£x-Supervisor Joseph King; "Will Visit
the Scenes of His Childhood.
Ex-Supervisor Joseph King is on the
way to the land of his birth. He left this
Ciiy yesterday afternoon after receiving
an enthusiastic ovation, and is uosv speed
ing across the continent.
Amone those who accompanied the ex-
Supervisor to Sixteenth street were Ser
geant Gleason and family, George Mur
doch and family. Captain Thomas Des
mond, Captain T. P. Crowley, D Morgan,
Captain Bennett, William Michelson. Wil
liam King, Joseph King. T. B. O'Brien,
Gus Weiiuer, William Honroo, M. P.
Ward and famil}-. Captain Green and farn
i.y, Dan Hartnett and PatricK Calliban.
Mr. Kine is a native of County Gulway,
where many of his relatives reside. He
came to th s City ttiirty-live years ago, and
this will ba his first visit to bis native
land. O:i the way he will visit John P.
Finnertv at Chicago, and Walter Lvman,
editor of the Irish Republic, at New York
City.
The ex-Supervisor will meet Con O'Shea,
once well known in this City, and now
keeping a large dry-goods store in County
Cork, and visit the Lifce of Killarney with
him. Mr. King is laden with souvenirs
of California, including specimens of
minerals and native woods, which he ia
going to present to a college in Tuam.
MME. BISHOP'S FAREWELL
The First Annual Music Festi
val Comes to an
End.
An Undertaking Tbat Loses Money,
but Has Good Artistic
Results
At the matinee of the California Music
Festival Association iti Metropolitan Hall
Mrue. Genevra Johnstone-Bishop proved
that she is as great a mistress of operatic
music as she is of oratorio, and that as a
lyric singer tne beauty and lightness of
her touch is marvelous*.
In the grand aria from "Dsr Freischutz"
Mme. Bishop beautifully expressed the
various emotions which succeed each
other in the heroine's mmd — the hope,
the prayer and the expectation. Her
other songs, being varied in character,
were equally well rendered. Bach's
"Evermore Lost to Me," a toucning
lament, was as sweet and sad as "La
Zingara" was bright and dashing.
Bernhard Mollenhauer evoked warm ap
plause for his playing of Leon D. Saint
Lubin's violin fantasia in "Lucia Di Lam
mermoor," which was extremely well ren
dered.
Miss Cook,- who accompanfod Mme.
Bisnop, played several pianoforte solos
charmingly.
The Elude by Rubinstein and Liszt's
Rossignol were especially brilliant. Ho
mer Henley sane a song composed by J.
H. Howe, "Tne Sea," a bright ami breezy
little composition, and "is Not His
Word" (from the "Elijah"). The latter
suits Henley's voice and he sang very well.
There was a much better attendance
last night than on the opening evening,
and no doubt if the festival could be pro
longed for several days it would attract
large audiences. Unfortunately, how
ever, last night's was tue closing per
formance, and there will be no chance of
hearing Mine. .Bishop again ti.is season,
as her bookings compel hereto continue
her tour at once. i
Mme. Bishop was in splendid voice
again last night and showed'herself very
complaisant in respondine to encores.
She sang Chaminade's "Sleep, Little Ros»
bud" and Kootnner's "If My Love Were
Like a Flower" with exquisite expression,
and she was equally at home in an aria
from Massenet's "Cid." By special re
quest one of Mme. Bishop's encores was
"I Know That My Redeemer Liveth."
Tne chorus repealed its former success
last nisht. It sang "Ail Men Praise,"
from Mendelssohn's "Hymn of Praise";
the "Intiarnmatus," "from Rossini's
"Stabat Mater," in which Mme. Bishop
gave the solo and "Remember Now Thy
Creator," a short cantata by J. Hamilton
Howe, who conducted.
Mr. Howe's cantata contained some
very attractive music, and it was crisply
and effectively sung by tne chorus.
Homer Henley rendered tun solos and the
quartet was aung by Miss Grace A. Sabin,
Mrs. Homer Henley and Messrs. Cran
dall and Henley. Mrs. T. Murdock, the
accompanist to the association, did ex
cellent work, and Henry Bretherick made
the best of the poor organ.
Miss Cook played Beveral piano solos
with a good deal of virtuosity, particu
larly "The King's Hunting Jig,"" by John
Bull, an English composer of the Eliza
bethan period.
Mrs. Homer Henley, whose rich con
tralto voice tilled the hall well, sane an
'Aye Maria" by J. H. Howe and a ' 'Macl
NEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Billons and Nerrous dlsorders.such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot
Heat, Loss ot Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tivenoss, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
irlghtf ul Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, Ac, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly limited to try one Box of these PIII3
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BISKriIA.H'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are tacts admitted by
thousands, la all classes ot society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Bcccham'S Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than_ 6,000,000 Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will bo sent by V.ik
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
iorit, post paid, upon receipt of price. Boole
free upon application.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY HUBLIC,
C9Q MAHKKT -T.. OPP. PALACK HOFKL.
UOO Telephone 670. Residence 909 Valencia
aireec telephone ■ Church" IS.
rieal" by Cecile Chaminade. Tne con
cert concluded with the "Hallelujah"
chorus from the "Messiah."
Although the first festival has probably
not been a financial success, it has been a
most prai-eworthy undertaking in foster
insr the love or choral sinping and in
bringim; so rino an artist as Mtue. Bishop
to this City. _
The I>oric Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
steamer Doric dropped anchor off Meicgs
wharf at 10 o'clock last night, twenty-eight
I -flays from Hongkong, China. The steamer car
ried 309 passengers, 82 cabin and 227 Chi
nese steerage.
The physicians will board tho vessel this
morning. The Doric was not due until to
morrow evening. Captain Smith accredits
his quick trip to unusually moderate weather.
«■ — ♦ » —
Spools are turned and bored by a simple
machine, whicti is said to be able to com
plete from 5000 to 6000 per hour.
| NIGHT VISIONS
Are disagreeable to the mind and body
of lh« worn-out man. They come to
men who are mentally and physically
weak. They are sometimes accom-
panied by night sweats, falsa dreams
and extreme wearisoiuenjis.
NIGHT VISIONS
Have a cause, a root or a main reason.
Unless you go to the exact first causa
end root out the evil you will find it
difficult to cure. Now, one of the prin-
cipal causes for
NIGHT VISIONS
Is dissipation. It may bo overwork or
over-harassing the nerves, but nearly
every one of these cases has been
brought down to plain abuse. If you
abuse your brain, your nerves, your
muscles, your body, you may expect all
kinds of "curious things to happen to
you. .
NIGHT VISIONS
May be brought rri by overloading the
stomach, overstudy, worry or a secret
disease, op a secret trouble, that dis-
tutbs the nerve centers in the brain.
Excesses usunlly rob the blood of its
rich, red b'ooJ corpuscles. Then the
eniire system is weakened. When the
brain is disordered th« poor victim of
his own folly Hilda himself all tied up
In a knot. He is irritable and irre-
sponsible.
Hi; finds pleasure in no earthly en-
deavor. He shuns society, is a victim
of morose thoughts and of bad habits;
he i< ses sleep at nieht, awakes unre-
freshel; feels like a baa man, but has
no courage to be bad ; feels vicious, but
lacks the vim and vitality of a vicious
man. In these cases the best thing lor
yon to do is to use the great remedy-
treatment
HUD VAN.
. This remedy-treatment has proved
itself to be a great blessing to human-
ity. It has B wed many a hollow-
crieekeJ victim from the horrors of
imbecility and from trie lowest walk of
society. It has assisted all cla-ses of
men. It cures innn of his weakness.
Hudyan can b i had only lrom the doc-
tors who created hudyan. No one els 3
can give you Hui)y«in. Consult the
Hudson doc.ors free or write for Hud- '
yan.
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute,
. . Kilts, il irk-i and Stockton »t- . "-
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
§""*"*"
< Dr. Martin's |
ill Pi Ml
Of the Age jj
* *!
A preventive and cure for Kheu- <
matism. Neuralgia, Pains in Gen- \
eral, Dyt^tepsi!*, Sore Throat, /
riit'iimcii'.i i, Nervous, Liver and I
Kidney Complaints, Backache, '', | .
Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. , I
1 1 Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, ? !
Ji Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Dig- \\
{' eases, .Excessive Itching and ),•
< 1 many other complaints. }i '
] Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. x|
>|! L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for JS
S> the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. W
iV ?
(V f
I 1? For sale by all druggists. The trade (»)
('£ supplied by Redington & Co., Mack A <'(
(i Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- /<
tS Cisco. ?i
DR.MCNULTY:
T'KIS '.VKLLKXOWX AND KKLIABLE Or,l>
-•: Bpet-lalM l'rivat<>,Nervons,Hloo(laiid Skin
I)isea«i's of Men only. Manly Powerrestore<l. Over
20 years* experience. Send for Book, free. Patient*
cur^dat Horn*;. T»>rnis reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
daily;&3otoS.3oev'gs. Banday^lOtoO. Consul;;, -
tlon free and sacredly conlldcutial. fail or address
V. BOSCOK MoXCLTY. ■. »..
SO' : lieai'ii)' Street, San l"rar.i'i»ci>, Cal.
*^<«^^» TfIMP Dfl PUV
j^^ij§& :^. IURU To Uln,
&*k3omHß(&si&sKL Pnccessor 10 I>!1. LAI
BMdP'W :■ ri-**! ?.*X&. % I>o JAI. Praauate of
mnThjfßiufrr^BK x t-Hntnn Me.licnl Col-
R}sjft*''* IK *<HSjaKw|(tt lege: after a verr buc-
lr cesiful practice of
Z many years in China,
rt2%< < <«!3^ Sc*^ has io aird in Sua
tjcfrt r** Sit .Francisco. The lor-
ifl/l > ftjl prisiDj; and ninrvcoin
W£t)b *' */ cures effected by his
VEEJHMk ,r % herbs demonsttata '
mHi i t Jt>. their potence and bis
f\/ir^. 2ly XL eKill. These • herbs
spfc,. cure over 400 different
"^rf'-ffi^-^^r^K disenses, me tiding
WEJS&?g^SJ" " Brlebt's Disease, Din-
" \r*m£r£x£^ betej, Consumption,
Asthma. Puralysis,
Bratß. Nerve, Cancers, Tnmors, Blood, Mate and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with aa/
kind of malady whatsover are Invited to call.
Office. 727 "Washington .Street. •
Office hours— 9 a m. to l'J m.', Ito 9P. m.; Soar
day. 10 a. k. to 12/
1 UXUC*VniI "ore Tiroat, Pimples, Copper-^S
a HAfll'lUU Colored boots. Aches. Old borogJß
< Ulcers In Mouth. Hair-Kalllngf Write COOK|
BBKK.I.iEKV CO., 3O? Masonic TcropleJlS
;C Chlcatro, 111., for proofs of cures. Capi-tti
EH?"!. 8500,000. Worst rases cured in. 15 EJ
C to 35 days* 100-page book. free. Bn
r^SF^DL HALL'S ' REHVIGOrItOR
K£g^*Wt£j five hundred reward lor any casswi
frLia BSm canuot cura. Till SECRET HES|.
I H EI(Y sie.u all losses in 24 honrt,
JSJI Iflfl cares Emissions, Jin potency. Varies-
wf Wf ce!e, uonorrtKM '.. Uleet, Fits, btrlc-
E^gui lath Innii Blood Disease and all watiini
jyg|§ iS^w C Becn of -tit Mia,.! or Kxcesist.
iWg.jIM Sent sealed. fj per bottlt*. IHHiiJ
' COTTLKS, 55-. cuaraniewj to cure any casa.
DX. BALL'S MKDICAL IXSTITU'iJi,
- »55 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. b«a4 fat
trea book. ~*
ORH7 W'LCOX COMPOUND
KB The only reliable reraale regulator
. 0 Never Falls. Sold by druggists. 52.00
JBJ Son<t 4c. for Woman's SarecuartL.
SB WIiC3Z UESIQAL C}, 228 Stßth St,Piii»,ffcTHEY WOULD
PLEDGE THE
CHILDREN
The Woman's Congress Dis
cuss3s Aesthete
ics.
DR. A. M. BEECHER IN
TRODUCED.
Plea for the So-Called Fads of
the Public School
System.
THE CONVENTION DEVELOPS A
BEAUTY.
Speakers Frown Upon the Poster,
Colored Editions and Dia
lect Verse.
I hereby promise to have my
thoughts, my habits and deeds iurh
that my State and Nation will be some
what repaid for my education. And I
will be a worthy citizen of the United
States.
Such is the pledge Mary Newberry
Adams would have each little toddler
take simultaneously with his enrollment
in the public schools of this City. Sand
wiched in between the alobabet and first
attempts at unit computation she would
have the little ones taught that the State
is simply advancing them an education;
that at the very outset of life they are
debtors to their City. That there may be
no possibility of the children forgetting
their debt Mrs. Adams would suggest
"taking vows at each epoch in their edu
cation with appropriate ceremonies."
This was one of the startling thsories
evolved at yesterday's •e»sion of the
Woman's Congress — a session quite the
most eicitine of this convention of '97.
And to the women belongs all the credit
cf it, for during the morning and after
noon session there was not :v man speaker
on the floor. In lact, every one seemed
de:igbtfu:ly oblivious of the fact that there
was a male population. Dr. Beecher for a
moment deviated from the narrow path of
virtue and said "man," but she quickly
redeemed herself by explaining, "When I
E3\' man I mean woman."
Seven papers were read — some pood,
some bad and some indifferent. Hut even
the best address paled into insignificance
before this wondrous fact— the Woman's
Congress has developed a beauty, a
beauty of the Gibson type. Tall and fair,
with nair like spun gold and the broad,
low brow of a Grecian goddei«. And >he '
read a paper, an excellent paper, "The
Commonplace Woman." There were
some bitter truths in it about "cacklers
and ebriekers and the short irizzed-hair
spectacled suffragist." But so clear was ;
Miss Lyle's exposition, so neatiy turned
l.er iogx, that even the spec;acied dele
gation espoused Ler cause and explained,
"You owe it to us. shriekers and caCrders,
the fact that you may stand there in ail
your beauty and read your well-written
\a: ers before an audience of intelligent
thinkers such as this."
The congress tired another of its great
guns when it frowned aown the poster
craze, the colored edition and dialect
verse. The poster and the gaudy Sunday
magazine supplement were declared to
foster in children the love of vulear dis
play and destroy their love of a harmoni
ous and beau i:ul whole. Mis? Cooluritb,
the poetess, declared against the dialect
verse. "I: is a circus performance set to
music," she said, and the hearty applause
of the audience plainly indicateu their
sentiments on the latest literary fad.
Ihe feature of the morning session wa*
Misa A. M. Beecher, a cousin of me noted
divine. She ai once became a favorite by
reason of her native w;t and smart de
livery. Her compliment to California is
a worthy companion to Helen Gardener's
Tretty expression of praise. Saia Miss
Beecher:
'•1 was arfced how I liked California, and
I made answer, 'I Lave unpacked my
trunks and sent them to the baggage
room. 1 "
A strong plea was made by Miss Darrah
for the so-cal ed fads of the public school
system. Said the lady: "It is not educa
ton to stuff a iitiie one with reading,
v nting and arithmetic, but to fit the child
for the best that is in it. And ii i* by
means of these lads that we discover what
the best, is."
To-morrow evening Mrs. Gardiner will
deliver her famous address on "Heredity,"
and members of the association w:il*be
accorded tne advantage of gaining en
trance by th<? side door before the general
public is admitted. £ach member's life
ticket includes admission to a male es
cort. Anybody is eligible for membership
on the payment of $L
The third day of the Woman's Con
p-»s« was given over to the discussion of
esthetics. Thi« topic of the beautiful
served to introduce a new speaker to San
i-'rancisco, Dr. Beecher, a cout.n of the
noted divine.
Mr*. Jerome Churchill was the first to
read her paper, entitled "Poetry, the
Naiural Interpretation of the Spiritual
Verse." Her essay was made up largely
of quotations from the great poets of the
past and present.
Among other pretty thoughts tha lady
said :
"It has been said that poetry is the
natural lanzuajre of the soul. And we are
told in God's book that the soul must be
come as a litUe cnild before it can enter
into the kingdom or understanding of
holy things. Tlie real, true, immortal
poet, then, must be to some extent the in
spired prophet o: God.
"The word poetry does not signify
jingle and rhyme. There are prose poems
<1 ute as bpauuiul as any that art can
measure by its metric scale.
'•The poetic muse loves best to express
herself in the sweet mystical language of
nature, for nature's language is God's lau
tuage. It is the poet's sacred privilegs to
interpret the divine thought sup^esied
Nearly alt our great poets have communed
much with naiure in the abstract."
Although not down on the regular pro
gramme the Bramacharin was present
and consented to speak, to add his praise
10 Mrs. Churchill's beautiful paper. His
address was eloquent and tiowery. He
said in part:
The speaker has so finely and beautifully
expressed her ideas that I am enraptured
They have been those of the Orientals from
time immemorial. Nature, the whole uni
—not only the spiritual universe, but the
universe of matter also — is mu«ic solidified.
Tiie subject is generally looked upon as mys
ticism, though it Is as clear to us a- anything
under the heavens can be. All the great re
lleionists have described music as a part of
their religious devotions, and everywhere you
will find music.
Why? Because the whole universe is built
on music, and it is this key-note which, when
thoroughly mastered, gives man the mastery
over nature. It Is but the manifestation of the
three forces of the universe— vibration, accel
eration and retardation.
You Cf.n see mind through natur", mind
»hrou<h everything that manifests itself to the
senses. Though your piiysical science is yet
in its infancy the "sound is audible to the phys
ical ear, and this soun<l— these three great key
notes—proceed only from primordial sounds
which have Leen translated in the Bible as
amen.
The beginning of music is amen. It is the
one great keynote of nature. If you will only
sive up sensu and stnnd upon the same
platform of Christ the music is there waiting
for you.
Miss A. M. Beecher followed the Hindoo
sage. Her address was in part as follows:
Somebody— l think it was Oiver Wendell
Holmes— said : I can take the place, and It I
cannot fill it I tan at least rattle- around a
little while. This uives mean opportunity of
making my first address in Caiiioruia before
the Woman's Congress, for which I congratu
late mysell, though have deep sympathy ior
you.
I am also permitted to wander about in a
very promiscuous sort of way on the subject
Delore you. You need not be surprised if I
emulate to you the one of whom Sam Slick
spoke when he said he eimplv wandered
arcuud.
Wonts are the labels of certain things which
enable us to understand each other, so that
words do not always mean the sam.; thing to
every one. Yet iliey mean in general the
same thing.
The etymology of the word should give us
the keynote; it means the e<lucing, the draw
ing out, nna not the patching on. There is
nothing in ah nature that lias not Its line of
beeuty, but for the most part we study beauty
as if it were something of external and not of
internal nature.
The soul is simplr what we may call an ag
gregation, what our metaphysician* have
labeled faculties. It is the ego iv man. I sey
man, but I mean woman as well. When ! say
man be so kind in all rase* as to remember
tiiat I mean principally woman.
A uttie girl in Sunday-school was once asked
what the soul ;s. ana she taid: - 'li is me thin*
of us." I believe that is a good definition.
Another definition that has been in use from
time immemorial is the divine spark. Tnat
has never been caaUeugtd even by raaieri-
I will row speak of my visit to California.
It has been a dream so 6»eet that 1 alnio- 1 be
lieve lam dreaming still. I was asked a while
ago what I think ot California. My answer,
delivered rignt here, is: "I have unpacked
my trunks and sen; them to the baggage
rcom."
Mrs. Ouiton read Mary Kewberry
Adams' paper, which advanced a number
of startling theories. Among other
thing! in the paper Mrs Adams
Education in the public schools should be
fitting ior citizenship based on the founda
tion of ethicai conduct, which is: -So act
that the immediate motive of thy will can be
the motive of all intelligent beings." If this
is begun iv the kindergar'en and is the 'oasis
on which every erade cultivates the elements
of character t::ere is the education lilting
tnem in the public schools to be be:.eiactors
lor the public in return. Should the
public build houses, supply teachers and
be at this immense exponso to educate
the children, unless they and their parents
enter into a compact thin they will, or so far
as they are able, return the worth of this edu
cation to the Nation iv a character worthy o:
citizenship and a benefit to the public who
supplied the expense of the charity? l»oes
nut the acceptance of charity enfeeb.e mora.l
worth ?
li the child is educated in the public schools
at the expense of the public, should they not
take an oath to repay for the expense by es
tablishing such a character as will be of worth
to the puolic and the Nation.
Morality is cultivated by a child's under
standing " that she is a responsible being— a
part of the community, and that if she fail in
her part the Nation suffers. To receive mem-
Dership to a. public fcnool ought to enjoin upon
pupils and rarents duties and responsibilities
to thereby be, so far as they are able, good
citizens. There should be some such binding
promises as the lollowing: "I hereby promise
to have my thoughts, my habits and deeds
such that my State and Nation will be some
what repaid lor my education, and I will be a
worthy citizen of the United States."
Dr. Walk discussed at some leneth Mrs.
Adams' paper, saying among other things:
While perhaps it might partake of good in
some measure, when we begin to mate rules
for children we have a tendency to make so
many o: them that they become hard and fast.
and the result would be, In my estimation,
not the best, not producing that sense 01 grati
tude and the highest form of character lor
which we are pleading in the child, but would
tend to make machine-like children, autom
ata. As the story goer, an old Scottish divine
once said to sometnembers of his church who
had been elected ! ruling elders: ".Rule well,
but ainna. let any one know that you are
doing it."
The Rev. Eliza Tupper "Wilkes closed
the morning session. In part she said :
I believe that beauty is elevating. Harmony
of sound, of color, has been the most periect
expression of the Divine. Beauty ana sim
plicitj go hand iv hand. In our own country
an earnest endeavor is being made to reach
the beaatiful in life. Our own Keith, in
opening his gallery to the public, has (tone hU
duty toward giving the poor man h;s nour of
inspiration and help. Klevate the taste of
children and qutet uisordcrly little ones by
the charm beauty exercises over tnem. Chil
dren should hsve about them copies of great
est pictures, piaster casts of Immoral sculp
tures, to form and elevate their taste. Art is
DO longer the vocation for the few favored
ones; it is no longer to be oniy in tne homes of
the fortunate.
Schoolrooms should be decorated and de
signed with care for the beautiful, and our
street! made less hideous for cur children's
eyes. We can shield lrorn our children the
immorßl novel, but defenseless are we against
the great vulgar losters, shocking tiieir tastes
and outraging the taste of the beautiful. Then
I pray you begin now to surround your chi d
with the beautiful, and teach him reverence
for nature. "If I bad but two loaves of
brut. I," Mohammed neid, "I wcu'.d sell one that
I mignt buy beau:Lul hyacinths to satisfy my
hunger."
The first paper of the airernoon session
was by Miss E*te!la Darrahs.
It was a discussion based upon a study
of tho papers written by 1400 California
school children in reply to the questions,
"What is th<» most beautiful toing you
ever saw ? Wny did you like it ? '
Among other excellent things in Miss
Darrahs' paper was saiu :
The children show an inherent susceptibility
to the beautiful. On comparing the papers
with the reminiscences of the world's great
artists and poets we came to the conclusion
that the human mind is so orgauized as to
t.pontaneou.-iy respond to beauty along cer
tain deliuits lines.
Two papers were read, one by the great
Russian writer. Count Tolstoi, and one by
a California country child, snowing this
parallel.
Tolstoi recalled as one of his most beautiful
memorie "a small pond wiib overgrown banks.
A.n ancient birch drooped over the pond,
partly clinging to the damp banks, resting its
crown on a tail stately ash tree aud straying
it< cuny branches on the »mo >th sinfnce 01
the pond, that gave back the reflections."
Tho Cah:ornia country boy of 15 writes:
"The moit beautiful thing 1 ever saw was a
litt.e meadow in between the to^s of three
mountain peaks, which cast their dark shad
ows de<-p into the giassy lake, while upon tne
banks grew beautiful green trees, ami as they
diDptd tfceir .ong waving branches into the
crystal waters tl.ey eeemed to be refreshed
and made green and more beautiful again.
Ah! who can describe such a &cene? My pen
refuses to write it. One feels as though he
ha<i been wafted into a new world at such a
sight fis Uiis."
The vision of the great Russian was no
keener— his feeling no more exalted— than
that of this country boy.
The facts shown by this study are that three
fourths ol the children find the beautiful in
nature at first in isolated details. The younger
childreu find an object beautiful on account
of its color.
We are incorrectly tryiug to educate chtl
dr-n in art Dy giving them type forms, trust
ing that by the contemplation oi perfect
forms— the sphere, the cabe, the cylinder—
they will grow into a love for the beauiful.
With a true art education the next genera
tion of California children, surrounded by ai
in nature that suggests the beautiful, would
lurnish the art and poetry for the world.
Miss Anna G. Lyle was the sensation
of the afternoon. Her paper. "The Com
monplace Women," was us follows:
I met a man the other day who did not seem
to approve of my addressing the Woman's Con
gress. -Tel. them from me," he said, "tbat
if you wom«sn wi"i persist in clerking, type
writing, telegraphing, telephoning ana doc
toring, supp anting men in the fle^d of bread
winning, you will bring about a condition of
things that existed in savagery, where woman
was the beast of burden, 'the hewer oi wood
aiid the drawer of water I—where1 — where man was idle
and expected to be supported. If you wish to
resume the load civilizution has lifted from
your snoulderj go ahead. I think we men
would rather like the change."
THE FOrXE OF NECESSITY.
But there are very few womeu who clerk
typewrite, telegraph, telephone or doctor for
the love of doing these things. l>eath, bad in
vestments, less of position, the perpe'ual state
of goneness of the iami.y purse, some bread
and butter necessity, together wiih the
changes brou*htabout by the wouderful mu
teriai progress cf the century, have made
women feel keenly the insecurity of life— the
uncertainty of support. Necessity has made
them pioneers, iorccd. them to put their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
Ladies Who Spoke at the Woman's Congress.
shoulders to all kinds of wheels whereby they I
have learned the value of a trained hand di
rected by a trained mind, the pleasure of a
broadening horizon, until they have given :he
impetus to the many women who now seek
wisdom for wisdom's sake.
With ail that can te said j.ro and con of the
movement that has swept woman in the direc
tion of higher education and independence,
with all the absurdities and attendant follies,
with all the unlovely, unwomanly extremes,
the movement that will give us broad-minded,
trained women is essentially sound and
healthy and in the right direction. In It lies
no menace to men, there is no barbarian
horde 01 women prepared to descend upon the
Holy Roman Empire of positions which men
should occupy. The great buik of women will
not be breaci-'winners but mothers. Whatever
Influence the workaday women will have
will be an equalizing one. It U a better eond.
tion of affairs where 100 men are employed at
$1 a day tnan where fittv men are working for
a day. When necessity adds women to the
number of proviaers, she adds them to Doth
equations, and the fact remains the same. I
do not mean to say all women who are occu
pied are impelled by sheer necessity. Some
women there are who, having been trained,
find they art* happier In the employment of
their faculties.
TIP.ED OF THE TALKING WOMAN.
But there is too much said about women. I
think the woman question has been discussen
ad nauseam. As I have «aid beiore, tiie great
bulk of women will uot be bread-winners but
mothers, and any sysiem of education that
fails to emphasize this as an end of educa
tional means swells the number of women
freaks. Any system of education that does
not put a nalo about the nam ■ of home and
mother defeats itself, takes away life's mean
ing, takes away the power of knowing the
truth ana of seeing things as they are.
We are tired of the women who talk for
talk's sake; we are weary oi the woman who
u*es the woman question as a means of rush
ing herEeif Into a pioniinerce that she ha* not
earned cud does not merit, < ne who has ao
| right to an opinion or tne expression oi it.
There are practically no restrictions on
woman in America except thu limitations
nature has imposed upon. her. Unquestion
ably she has the opportunity of getting all the
training she wants, all the education she can
curry. The few universities who are trying to
be unique in Carrying conservatism into the
twentieth century will open their doors
when superior trained women ask admit
tance, and coeducation will eventually be
come universal. It will take the women
who wear frizzes and false hair, who
consult mediums, who buy stocks and
lottery-tickets and clamor lor their rights,
longer to accomplish anything than for a
bloomer brigade to build ;he .Panama canal.
Nobody feels kindly toward the man who
whistles one tune incessantly. If this were a
common practice among men the great body
of lawmakers would have a seance or two and
there would appear a notice alongside the
anti-expectoration notice*— there would even
be posters on the fences agninst the man who
whistled continuously "Toe Huckleberry
Coon," "I Want V -r. Ma Honey," or any other
such specimen of musical literature.
mep.it vs. skx.
I never could see the sense in havinc a
woman's building at t^e World's Fair. If a
woman be a painter let har nang her pictures
iv the art buildinp, not the woman's building.
If a woman do any piece of work te t it be put
into competition with other work of the same
kind and stand or fall by reason of us own
merit, and not put a premium on it because It
has been done by the fair hand of a woman.
The fret :hat a woman made a certain broom
would not recommend it to anybody buying a
broom if it were not a weil-mtde broom; and
this tact holds good in the brain markets of
tne world.
I have not time to speak of higher education
to-day. I believe in it if the price be not too
hgb. A man pays too high a price for an
education when he sacrifices his mother'?, his
father's or his own health. The doctrine of
"something ,'or nothing" is a bad doctrine; so
is the doctrine of •■something for too much."
There will always be men and women, «■
long as this movement for higher education
lasts, who will strain every nerve to go to col
lege, and should have gone to work, whose
parents have been improvident or unfortunate
or poor, and who have not earned for them a
privilege which, if they wish to enjoy, they
must earn for themselves. If an education
come later there will be but training added
to experience. If it come not At all "it is
better to have loved and lost than never to
have loved at all." These educational para
C W. TAYLOR AND HIS BRIDE
Thursday evening Miss LMa C. Bennett, daughter of Lieutenant George W. Ben
nett o! the police force, was united in marriage to C. W. Taylor of the Mission. A
cozy house at 1523 Dolores street had been furnished as the fnture home of the happy
couple, and it wa* here that the ceremony was performed by Rev. D. M. Chilgon.
The parlors w«re handsomely decorated with flowers and ferns. A large number of
intimate friends and acquaintances were present, and after the ceremony the bappr
bride and groom received the congratulations of those present. Mr. ana Mrs. C. W.
Taylor are spending their honeymoon at Monterey.
sites, these hangers on. will be parasites
wherever they go, on whatever profession
tney fasten ; they have not the right spirit and
never will be willing to work for what they
get.
THE EIGHT SPIRIT.
I met a voting woman In the fields at Stan
ford making au exceedingly pretty sketch.
'•Are you at the university?" I asked. "Ye«."
she replied. "I hay • not seen you before," I
continu d. "No, " she answered, "f am ju^t
taking special work here in drawing, lama
drrssmater. I wish to learn to dr.<wand de
sign. I lay by enough money (o give me a
three months' holiday every y ar, which I
spend in this way. 1 I think this young wcmaii
Lvi the right spirit.
With regarl to the !?5 boy who gets a $5000
education, he will be a better $T» boy, pernaps,
\vr..-:i tic- ges an impartial shaking up in the
jolting wagon oi liie ; if he be a tittle potato
he will go to the bottom witn the rest of the
little potatoes university education and all.
The great mass of men and women of
America doe* no; come in direct contact with
our universities. But there are very few
American men and women who cannot read
and write. This fact shows us that the great
muss does come in direct contact with our
public schools. I thins this one fact alone
should make it imperative that these people
who pay the taxes who sucport the Govern
ment itnd its institutions, who make our
greatness as a Nation, t-hou'.d demand that
our common £ boob lay excellent founda
tions of f-ulistantia; cone, which will deter
mine the character, ii t.ot the iize or the mag
nificence, of what :■ built upon it later.
c: r. \ : •.; environment.
And If ever there v\as a demand for any.
thing there la a i rylng demand forgood teach
ers in our primary an 1 grammar schools,
where t;ie greatest and best srsngth should
be expended. We all recognize the influence
of environment. A child who goes through
the primary at:<l grammar schools srends
eight years* in t>e.ii S ' trained. If he comes
■Mil tnc Influence of eight wise, good
women he gets the right notion of things
without knowing :.(.w or why. Children im
bihe knowledge of this kind. They soon learn
to know thvir teachers well, their weaknesses
as well as their virtues. After all, the bei.efit
we derive in not bo much from what we study
as from how we study and with whom we
s.udy.
Now, as the kindergarten is but the broad
ening out of the home, part-of-the-day homes
for active lilt c people, so the primary and
srrammar schools stand linked with the home.
fh< y are the nests from which our young peo
ple are taught to fly into a wor^d where the
litest alone survive. They need the warmth
s:id care and training that it is woman's in
stinct to give. And right here 1 would say
that this is entirely the woman's province and
t.al a ma:, has no bu»tne>s to teach school.
School-teaching is unsexing for a man. It is
effeminate, womanish. The chilli's training
bo.on^s 10 the woman uniil the child passes
through the gates of girll o>d or boyhood into
the open field of voting womanhood or young
manhood. Men claim a sort of "divine right"
to all the professions. They say they are
mannish, unsexiug for a woman. Perhaps.
but I never couM see anything in medicine
that a woman should not know. Since the ad
vent of woman as teacher the days of flogging
are at an end. Arithmetic and g eometry ore
not hammered into the heads with rulers, rat
tans or convenient books. A woman uses dif
ferent methods, for it is her nature to be more
patient with the young.
BOW TO DISCOURAGE VICIOUS LITERATURE.
The schools owe a great deal to the children.
They owe them a good start on the ri?ht road
in the rac? of life. Above all they owe the
commonplace girls and boys a training that
will make them intelligent enough 10 s-e- and
embrace opportunities until, guided by tne
gospel of work preached by the teachers, they
will work out tneir own salvations, aided by
the sweetness and light that has been given
them. There will be a cherk on tbe foolish
ness, the v.cc. the love of vulgar amusements
of ordinary commonplace men and women.
Like the wumnn who measures all men by the
man she loves, children who have been forced
'to commit to memory passages from t.'ie
masterpieces of English poetry, who hnve
been to.<i the stone? of tne great operas,
of Shakespeare's dramas, of mythol
ogy, O! the Niebelungeu Lied and oi
the celebrated characters In historr. will
judge what they don't know by wnai they do
know, lor they will understand the value of
simplicity and thoroughness. They will not
fear a hcal:ny "I don't k'iow" when they
v ider*tand Jv>w to go about to inform them
selves correctly on whatever subject they wish
to know. Wort: like this will do a great deal
to abolish a ;aste for such books as "Fourteen
Buckets of Blood, or the Butcher's Midnight
Onrie"'; "Confessions of a Homme de Slecle";
'•The Poisoned Gumdrop, or the Candy Girl's
Terrible Revenge," and some of our daily
newspaper*.
LET THE WOMEN RT*N THE SCHOOLS.
• Let the women run oar common schools.
Let the mothers go hand in hand with the
ter.chers, wrench the schools from politics and
from every thins: that savors of politics and bid
farewell to the Boards of Education. In this
field women can do an everlasting good. Put
the common schools in the hands of a re
sponsible educational commission whose
qualifications are above all question and let
the vo;c" of the mothers he beard la the land.
ihere are plenty of capable women who
need only the opportunity of developing into
"just the right person in the right place." who
will not countenance unfaii jess or untitness,
who will be willing to pay good and qualified
teachers well, who will make life worth liv
ing and teaching worth teaching. Then will
tne position of teacher be an honorable one
one which will give her the social position
and consequence she deserves to enjoy.
My paper reminds me very much of a story.
"What is the name of this village, my friend
asked a stranger. "Tarry town." "Tarry
town?" "Yes; named so, I guess, because no
one was ever known to stop here overnight if
he con help it."
1 have classified my paper under the head
of esthetics, which I have lelt untouched.
The beautuul must stand on a foundation of
goodness and truth. It is here the teHCher
becomes the artist, the exponent of the beau
tiful, first through nature and later through
art.
BIPEKED IN NOBLE SUNSHIJTE.
If the children have lived in the sunshine of
noble souls they will have received the bless
ing, the benediction of a progress that is real.
They will journey in the direction of a time
when we snail do right for rliiht's sake, when
tiny lips shall be taught to murmur and with
the unfoialug years gradually to understand
George Elliot's prayer:
May I reach
That purest heaven, be to other son!s
The cup of strength In some er at agony.
Knki-idle eeneroui ardor, feed pure love —
!»«-(?•". tbe smiles tuat have no cruelty.
Be the sweet presence of a good diffused,
And la diffusion even more intense-
So shall 1 ] >in the choir invisible.
Whose music is the gladness of the world.
Miss Ina I). Coolbrith brought the after
noon session to a close with her excellent
paper, "Poetry as a Factor in Education."
Among other things Miss Coolbrith said:
That which I have to say in this paper is
equally of protest and appeal — protest against,
as I consider them, certain intellectual evils
of the day, and an appeal for the expression
of the higher ideals of thought. Utility,
practicable y, taste — these are tne motive j
powers of the day, and in our selfishness for
speed and acquisition we are daily increasing
the difficulties and suffering of the mass of
humanity — the laboring classes are
pushing irom the face of the earth other forms
of life which have just as sacred a right to
their places on the globe as have we.
It is not our needs but our greeds that have |
increased, for the root of it as of all evil is
gold, money getting; not philosophy, but the
philosopher's stone, is the object of general
search and the achievements of mind are
crowned with honors and reward. Nowhere
is that felt so much so in our literature. No
where Is this felt so much as in our poetry —
and poetry is the supreme flower of literature.
The race to-day does not choose its reading
to Induce but rather to avoid thought, hence
to secure an audience and marke t the fads and
"fadnyenes" of the hour, the average dialect j
ruse. The story-teller or the new favorite
school of realism wnich has supplanted those
of romance, instead of the old love idyl, the
courts of kings, the lists of chivalry, intro
duces us to a kitchen interior 01 the modern
home and exclaims in rapt admiration, "Oh,
how beautiful!"
The poet has but small honor and less profit.
Where lies the remedy? In a return to the
simpler life, the larger scholarship, the higher
ideals of the past.
AFTER TWILIGHT.
An Essay on Sh'iloy, and Ad
dresses by Miss Conners and
Professor Ross.
The congress was esthetic when it broke
off for dinner, and it reassembled rami
nant'.y esthetic after the twilight, which
is so soulful in this balmy clime.
The first number on the programme was
a paper by Mrs. A. H. Washbu^n of San
Jose, "An Examination of Matthew Ar
nold's Criticism of Shelley's poetry." She
apoke of one as the greatest English poet
and of the other as the greatest English
critic, and took issue with the critic in
his estimate of the esthetic bard that the
poet was incoherent, and that he and
Byron, and Burns, and Ccler:d«e, and
Rents and Southey were lacking in great
subjects. Arnold could not and would
nov understand tbe ideals that inflamed
the soul nf tbe more ethereal Shelley.
Mrs. Washburn's paper wa« marked by
great runty of diction and her reading
was graceful and like the subject —
womanly and esthetic.
Miss Moliie Conners of Oakland had
been set down for a paper on "The Es
thetic Element in Early Education."
She apologized for not having prerared
the paper, but made a brilliant offhand
speech on the subject that carried her
hearers with her and made them regret
that her talk was not twice as long. It
was snappy, every sentence striding fire.
Professor Edward A. Ross of the chair
of economics in Stanford University read
a paoer on "Education for Enjoyment or
Cultare. " It was a plea for education in
the appreciation of the beautiful in nature
and in art.
Rev. Eliza T. Wilkes, a winsome little
woman with a sweet voice, closed the ses
sion and bade her hearers farewell, she
having been called away to the scene of
her labors elsewhere.
There will be no morning session to
day. The congress will open at 2 o'clock
with the following programme for the
day :
2 p. M — Professor C B. Bradley, "The Study
of History as a Development of the Heart and
Imagination" ; Mrs. Kmniß Payne Erskine,
"Tno Deadline oi Civilization" ; M;ss Adeline
KnaDP. "Just Mere Literature"; Miss Mar
garet Sweeney. "Engltsn in Secondary Schools."
Bp. M —Professor J. M. Stiliman, "The Essen
t hi ('iiaracter and Purpose of Higher Educa
tion"; Hi-len H. Hardener, "Heredity."
BLOOD
Examinations.
Yon Can Tell Hlie her Yonr Blood
Is in Good or Bad Condition.
MAKE THE TEST YOURSELF. :
Tho Doctor Tells Ton How to Learn
Whether Your Blood Is Thin and
Watery, Thick and Sluggish, or Just
in Proper Condition.
TIED BI.OOD, RICH AND HEALTHY, FLOWS !
•" in the veins or arteries of the man or woman
irba is in good physical health Just as soon as
yonr b'.o^d becomes thin and watery Just so soon
do se«?ds of disease beam to b<- planted.
You can tell when your b.oou> is becoming thin
and watery by the piruples oc your face., by the
lots of weight, your being so easily chilled, and !
then come feeling* of exhaustion, weary feelings.
la ihts state you need a Mood purifier, and you I
can get no better blood purifier than the popular
household remedy. JOY'S VEGETABLE saRS \- ! i
PARIULA. You mar vie It In moderation, you i
mtv use it for any one mt-mber of the family. '
tiocd. only good, fallows the use of JOY'S VEGK- •
TABLK SARSAPAIUUA. !l
When your blood is (hick and suggish you be- ' (
come morose, me.ancholy and languishing, you I '
coVl test like nsmg in the ruonilnc, you have a !
coated tongue and b.d digestion. When this stete ■
of affu rscxis;s you need a liver regulator, which '
Is only another way of s*ylng you ueed Joy's ! '
Vegetab'e SaxsuDariila.
If you be saii<fle.l to take a pimple-producing, "
corrosive, poisouous, mercurial, potisu substitute
you may do so, but if you want to get a high-class
bloud purifier, made up of the vegetable- juices of
California herbs, yon will have to buy the reliable
JOY** VEO I'AIiLE SAUSAPARILLA.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SAKSAPARILLA has
been highly indorsed. You can pick up an in-
dorseron the streetcars, in the waiting-rooms, in
the shor, at the theater, any place; ask your next-
door nelßhbor, your b»st friend: study before you
to to a druggist, and when you have reached ttie
conclusion get JOY'S VEGETABLE SABSA-
PAKILL.A.
Honestlj permit no diahonest clerk or
druggist to palm off that which is not
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
JOHNSON SAYS HE
IS NOT GREEN
Arrest of a Suspsct of a
British Columbia
Robbery.
Stolen Jewels and Gold Inter
cepted by the Chief of
Police.
The Prisoner, a F.-i nd and a Woman
Jailed Regardless of Their
Protest
Captain Cnrtin and Detectives Gibaon
and Wren have arrested Edward Johnson
and John Black, also a woman known as
Viola Hastings, who hava made their
residence at 17 Grant avenue.
Johnson is supposed to be John D.
Green, wanted by the authorities in Brit
ish Columbia.
During the night of February 24 the
NEW TO-DAT.
FROM MORNING UNTIL NIGHT FILLING CITY, COUNTRY AND FOREIGN
orders. Carloads of gooda are moved every day. The system or method of
handling this large business is probably nearer perfect, and the expense less in pro.
portion to the outpir, than any house doing a retail and wholesale trade on the Con-
tinent. The bnilding at the foot of Market street (where all city carlines and nearly
all railroad routes terminate) was built especially for our large general traffic. Not a
mistake was made in its erection and not a change found necessary. We ask a share
of the public patronage, because we know it is to the pubic interest. Dealers, large
and small, who find our stock convenitnt for rilling short orders quickly will ba
treated fairly.
Sewing Machines .--.-.- $18
This is the same machine that Is so!d on
the Installment pi n fur $65 and for no less
than $55 for cash elsewhere. It has &o
superior. some 50 or more in use for two
years without a dollar repair. It is perfect,
Uet one. only a limited supply to offer.
No discount.
Gray Dose • - - 5c
This Is about one-fourth their value, bat
every one wants black no-vaaays. If we
make mistakes the public doe* not have to
father them. Sizes 5. si/ a , 6, 6%. 7, 7^,, 8,
t)\ 3. Only a few days urn. 1 sizes are out.
Brown Shoes 55c
A good #1 25 shoe, but not dark enough
color to bring it. siz^s -I 1 * to 7, with weige
heel. If you wan; a beauty and a wearer
try them.
White Shirts ....... SOc
Another invoice of genuine 75c values In
White Salrti for men will be closed in a
day or two at 30 cents each. Do not miss
this chance.
Dress Shields ....... 10c
These are not the common kind, bat the
genuine Goodrich (equal to any make)
Shield. We have a ar,-e invoice and will
offer a 1 sizes for a day or two to intro luce
ttieai a: 10 cents a i air.
16c for Feaimore Cooper's Deerslayer or Path-
finder, i v.i •<■:,.,
10c for God Paint, ready for use.
3c for Handkerchiefs, choice of 500..
15c for Ladles' 2-bll Hats— a surprise,
lflc tor L. S Balbrlggan Vests, out of style.
5c for Ladies' 2-blt tied Stocking*
' 75c for Ladles' ?2 Uxfords-a!l small sizes.
Goods delivered twice daily— any part city.
*i ynHuSS ■ Kree delivery to suburban towns.
tSamm 1 BXIiEv&V I Free demonstration of foods daily.
ftiXa yMßmsSßfi Tea and Coffee served free to all who call.
'.>KSBEafc^-----^l4|ttSBg3fy/ Parcels checked and Telephone Froe.
i^&fS/EBj^SßStiisSß'/ Dining-room on sixth floor.
\^BBgKB33»yv r «-<>n<i, packed and shipped everywhere.
>Q^gHninatr"|*^ Please ask for our 40-page list.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
<~^rv^x>vy>_r'»_<~i_i~>_r*x_^>_i~>_rx^~L->~i— n>\j-<j- Lj~i_»^-rxj~x^*>_r^_r~c-rxj'T^*^_rxj'X-r*X-rT-j*^-j~>_r-t n ,-. — . _ _
! | Last Week.
; It's the universal verdict of San
|! . Francisco's economical shoppers '
;l that such bargains have never been '
' ' ODII II n offered in this city before — not even ;
;| bnANiJ in this great store » which has ;
|| / known many phenomenal sales. '
!; DCfiDPIIUI Stationery, Silverware, Photo-
! i IlLUnUnlll graphic Goods, Hats, Furnishing
I; Goods, Bicycles, Books, Handker-
'! 7ATinM chiefs, Toys, Gloves and hundreds <
!; I lUll of other articles sacrificed to make \
!; immediate room for new depart-
!; QAI C V . ments and new goods.
;| \ Many new goods, just arriving
;! will be thrown into the sale this !
1 1 week at the cut prices. ]
!' 000000000000000000 • '
NOTE. — During this week our store will be open as usual \
•\ evenings until 8 o'clock. Open Saturday night till 10:3o.
i] 0000000000000-00000
|| 718=722 Market St. and 23=27 Geary St.
I££o9i MANHOOD BESTORED^S^
TV "<*• fV W3f io? id tlon or a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\k\ W \*> V\l ' yons or diseases of the generative orga.u, such as Lost ManhootT
N £SA3^\L *£+U Insomnia^ fains In the Bick, Seminal £m&ionX Kerens Debilli^
I #^L A < *St' ttmplesTWtnesa to Marry, Exhausting Drains VariAn-l" and
NT / ; ' ■V ■ ~7 Constmatlon. It stop, all losses by day or night Prevents qok-k.
>-/ > *»Jb^/ ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to SpermatorrhOßa and
BEFORE « N d AFTER all tho horrors of Impotency. t'CPIDKHE cleanses the liver thii
BEFORE. «N0 AFTER kidneys and then rinary orpins of aUimparltiea.^^'^
'■ CUI»H>E!CE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ■.--■
The reason suffer'- are not cured by I)octnrs in becnuse ninety per c«nt are troabtMl wtth
ProcUIIIU. CCPIDENE is the only remedy to cure without an operation. SOOO tesUmoaU
■Is. A written gnarnntee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cum
HJ»abox,s>xror}»QO,byinaU. Send for itrik circular and testimonial^ r""«"»iHu»
AA<X«Ui I>A% MJiliACl^'xl CO.. 1170 Market street. San FrancUco, CaU Forsal«b» °
jeweiry-siore of Chnlioner, Mitchell <fc
Spring at Ros?litnd. B. C, was entered by
burglars and ab ut $SuOO worth of dia
monds carried away.
The boodle was carried over the border
to North Point, Wa^h., and buried until
such time a- it mijrht be shipped through
Wells, Farsro & Co.'s express to this City.
Chief of Ponce \Varren of Spokane dis
covered the plant, dug up the diamonds
and learned that some person by the
name of J. D. Green, at 17 Grant avenue,
in this City, was to be the consignee. In
consequence he wired Chief Lees, and
Jonnson was arreate i.
Detective Gioson claims tbat Johnson
acknowledged his nnrue as Green when
the arrest was made, but the prisoner as
serts he is not Green, and has never oeen
in the Northwe&t nor has he any acquaint
ances tnere.
Black and the woman Hastings have
been taken in because they are the closest
friends Johnson has.
The British Columbian authorities are
b«ing waited for to identify the prisoners,
who are at present in the prison tanks.
The detectives last night recovered
about JlOuO of the stolen article.*, includ
ing bracelets, watches, rings and silver
pla te. A portion wa» found hidden in the
chimney of the room 17 Giant avenue and
tae remainder in a pawnshop.
Music and Art.
A concert will be given thit evening at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art under the di
rection of Henry Heyraan. The soloists will
be : Miss Jeanette Colema-i, soprano; Chnrles
A. Deme, barytone; Miss Pearl Noble, cornet;
Emllio Cruells, organist and pianist. A
choice programme will be offered.
lladden's Big Doctor Kill.
Dr. George M. Ternll has sued the estate of
the late Thomas B. Madden for $10,000 on
recount of moiical services during the last
two years of the decedent's life.
! Carpet Warp Colors 20c
And for white only 18c. A home weaver *
in town now; see his al. in April Home
Circle. Nothing more convincing than a
home-made rag carpet.
— —
Finest Jams ■•-.•-. I2jc
We have a little overstock of these. They
are the finest we know of, either in tin or
glass. Never before at this price. Help
yourselves and help us at the same time.
Condensed Milk • • 5e
We have been handling 12 to 15 noted and
approved brands of milk, have had until
now a live trade for each one. We propose
hereafter to carry not more than three or
lour brands approved b.- the B. of H., and
henc- must make quick sale of the others.
We qua: ante* every can to be pure and
wholesome.
Bolt's Sole Preserver ..... 7 6
This Is a paste or compound used for the
soles of shoe* to prolong the wear. We
have many testimonials in its favor; the
p. ice is 'Jsii We ciose a bargain purchase
at 7 cents.
Day & Martin Blacking • - - • ICe
1 his is not the small tin box or 2-blt jus: it
is the one sold in Knstland tor 26c and here
at a higher price. We have too much and
will sell it all or part at 16 cents.
True Blue Soap, 10c bars. , 5c
20c bottles Pacific Ammonia in-
10c bars Bean Savon *!
Waldorf Hotel Mixed Tea :. '.' * '6kX
Chinese Preserved Ginger " ............
Saratoga Chios, fresh. . ~ ... """Or
Kits of Fine Mackerel .".V.'.!.\".".°.*.*.".75c
56
THOKSUAY., APRIL Vi 9. 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDUE,
. ;> Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajre Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. . $0.1 5
Dally end Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily »nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .05
bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
\V xiklv Call, one rear, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
?1O Market Street,
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone 21*la-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay fctreeu
Telephone M«ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
.127 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
6:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Slxteenta and .Mission streets, open
utlil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
367 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. cerner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE;
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICR:
Booms 81 and 3?, 34 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kaatern Manager.
; = ■
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
McKinley is a good holiJay speaker.
He cuts it short.
A park in the Mission is one of the
things that come Inch but we must have.
Tbe European concert will never be
called upon to repeat its performance by
request.
Eastern investors in minine stock will
take notice that there has been no slump
in the California output.
Now that the New York demonstration
is over Philadelphia invites attention to
her monument to Washington.
The Greeks havn vet a lighting chance,
as well as a chance to iipht, provided they
seek :t al the front instead of at Athens.
The tariff topic is dull, but all the same
nearly every Califomian has somp inter
est in it and had better keep watching it.
King George will have to face the mob
as King Humbert faced the attempt of tbe
assassin. It is "an incident of the trade."
I'here will be more glory for our wheel
men in completing 'b« fund necessary to
construct Buboa avenue than in making
forty centuries.
Our carnival is ahead of that of Los
Angeles, for hers is now behind the times,
•while ours is sill to the front and vanish
ing in the distance.
It in jnst as well to remember that Beat
rice Harraden's California story is avow
edly a work of fiction. She was not
writing a guidebook.
The Athenian mob is not the Greek
people by any mear.s, and Attic lieklene<s
may be more than counterbalanced at
thii juncture by S| artan resolution.
Let us cet Bit 1 boa avenue completed and
then we can go forward to other things,
and have a cood and pleasant road on
which to recreae ourselves as we go.
The reports of the California min*s for
1596 show an increase of gold and a de
crease of silver in the output, so we are
right in It with the demand of the age.
It Is now feared at Wa<hineton that the
Democrats may prove obstinate after all
when the tariff bill comes up in the Sen
ate. The only way to make sure that a
donkey won't kick is to kill him.
The Napa T>ni!y Journal gravely informs
its read-rs that the north wind raised
wheat 3 cents in San Francisco recemlv.
That's nothing — the north wind here
raises other things besides wheat.
The tloois in the Mississippi are becom
ing mor» and more seriou?, and the dan
gers hay- not vet passed. It won'd bo
better for those reonle tostrike out for the
arid districts and irrieate as they need it.
Accordine to reports from New York
the wind on Grant day was full of pneu
monia, and many a man who took pan in
the por.irie and marched bare headed past
the monument may yet prove to have lit
erally followed Grant to the tomb.
According 10 the Riveriide Press there
are now *n route from Mediterranean
ports for the Atlantic Coast cities 275,600
boxts of lemons. What a fine large ba«in
of lemonade those tired Greek soldiers
would have if the ship 3hou!d sink.
Adlai Stevenson and a party of capital
ists have started for Georgia to look at the
gold fields in the mountains ol that State,
and if they wish a jtinketins tour they are
goinp to tb9 right place; but when they
pet ready for business in gold-mining they
had better come to California.
.Politicians who take an interest in co
nundrums are trying 10 guess what the
Populists will do when they assemble in
the proposed convention at Nashville next
July. It is believed that none but the
middle-of-the-road men will be present
and this adds to the uncertainty of the
result. There is nobody quit* so likely to
bolt as a Populist who starts out to stick
to the road.
The Tnlare lteguter observes that the
pure food investigation made in San
Francisco disclosed the fact tbat there is
very little pure food to investigate. It is
the opinion of a large and roving part of
the community that there is very little
food anywhere or of any kind, but such as
we have in San Francisco is pretty eood.
what there is of it, and there is plenty of
it euch as it is.
According to reports from Washington
those people who thought that Justice Field
woula retire as soon as Cleveland was out
ot office are very ranch mistakon in the
man. Field did not hold on jimply to
spite Cleveland. He likes the place and
has an ambition to establish a record for
length of service which no one will break.
He will stay on the bench, it is believed,
until be dies, and candidates lor bis seat
will have to wait for a funeral.
The Oroville Mercury, in announcing the
opening of a local creamery this week, de
clares that in order for it to succeed a
preference must be given its product over
any imported article. We should any that
if the people of that section fail to show
this preference the only way that the
creamery can get even will be to send its
superior product abroad. It will be them
selves and not the creamery that the
Orovilleans will injure by their failure to
tase advantage of the borne production. |
THE MISSION PARK MOVEMENT.
The movement for the establishment of a large park in the Mission has now ad
vanced to a position where it may tie fairly considered a practical issue of municipal
politics. The promoters of the improvement have organized, have secured the co-oper
ation of large bodies of influential citizens, have suggested a scheme for the proposed
park, which merits popular favor, and, in short, have put their plans into such a
shape as to compel immediate consideration.
That there should be a park of laige extent in the Mission district of the City is a
proposition which is not likely to be disputed by any well-informed person. The
res dents of that nortion of the community ought to have within easy range a large
pleasure ground for health and recreation. The time has gone by when one park was
accounted Mitlicient fora large city. At the present stage of civilization park areas
are regarded less as municipal ornaments than as matters of public necessity, and
accordingly in all progressive cities new parks are being opened in all quarters so that
th«> people oT every section can derive the benefits to health and bodily vigor from
them without being compelled to go great distances in order to reach them.
It is certain that if we are to have a park for the Mission we cannot begin too
early to prepare for it. Land can be obtained more cheaply now tban at any time in
the future. At present there is an abundance of vacant land well located in the Mis
sion and beautifully diversified for park purpose?, the price of which is certainly a3
low now as it will ever be, and this therefore i« the best lime to arrange for its pur
chase and conversion to the proposed uses.
The organization which has undertaken to advance the enterprise has not yet, we
bel-.eve, devised a plan for the purchase. That important question ought to be settled as
speedily as possible. The Bum required will bs considerable, for the proposed park
ought not to contain less than 500 acres, and 1000 acres would be better. To obtain so
large a tract will require a large expenditure of purchase money, but the cost will not
be ereater than what sucii a park will be worth to the City, and any well-devised
scheme for raising the money may bo counted on to receive the cordial support of the
press and the public generally.
An important feature of the movement in its present form is the proposal to make
the park a great zoological garden, surpassing in extent the famed gardens of that
kind in London and Paris. This scheme is ambitious and yet seems to have in it
sufficient reasonableness to afford a foundation for the hopes of its promoters. It iscer
tainly sufficiently attractive to give an added interest to the schema for establishing
the park and will no doubt do much to gain public favor for the enterprise.
Whatever may be the details adopted the plan in itself is a good one and we trnst
that a moans may be found of accomplishing it within the near future. San Francisco
is large enough to need two parks and is rich enough to afford them. The park in the
Mis-ion would be in many respects pleasanter even than Golden Gate, since it would be
freer from winds and fogs, and even if it were not laid out on such a costly scale it
wou.d still add much to the attractions of the City and to the health and enjoyment
of its people.
TH£ OITRUS-GROWEES.
The citrus-growers of California have
set a gooa example to men engaged in
other industries in the State hy the man
ner in which they are conducting their
contest fora full and complete protection
to their industry in the new tariff. They
have formed a strong organization, out
lined an excellent plan of work and en
trusted it to competent and energetic men.
The chances of their success are therefore
good, and even if they should fail they
will have the sati«faction of knowing they
have made a zood fight and have done
everything in their power to achieve as
well as to merit success.
The tariff committee of the association
has drawn up an elaborate argument in
support of the claim for a duty of 1 cent
per pound on all citrus frui s imjorted
into this country and forwarded it to our
representatives in Congress. They have
not rested, however, with that, out have
gone forward in an endeavor to bring the
full force of puuhc opinion to sustain
them in their contention. They have
niaely circulated a copy of their petition
to Congress, with a lull statement of all
the arguments to support it, and accom
panied it with a request that the citizens
of California generally shall urge upon
their representatives in Congress the im
portance of granting this protection to the
citrus industry.
It wouid be difficult to give too much
praise to tbe committee that drew up
the arcumentfl for the proposed in
crease of duties. It covers the sub
ject thoroughly, but does not conta.n a
single supeifluous word. Every position
is sustained by statistics of the most ex
act nature, and the snowing is one that
cannot be refuted in any particular. The
pre«s of California and all commercial and
i. dustrial bod.es can well afford to in
dorse Mich a petition, barked by argu
ments so cogently stated, and there can
be no question that the desired support
will be given.
It is to be regretted that all California
industries requiring protection from ttie |
new tariff have not been as well supported |
and advocat d as that of the citrus-grow
ers. If an equal capacity for organization
and an equal energy in the performance of
work we:e shown in all the departments ]
of our industry, California would have
comparatively little to fear from the re- j
vision of the tariff by tbe Senate. The
pxample of the citrus-growers is thereiore
one which can be well commended to the
people generally, and as it is not yet too
late to act, all indusiriesof California hav
ing claims to be presented during the tariff
legislation should take 'teps at once to
present them as effectively and as forcibly
as have been the claims of the growers of
citrus fruits.
SAN JOAQ.IN VALLEY.
"If there is a doubtiiK Thomas In the
cmmunity," *ays the Visalia Delta, "who
has taken a pessimistic view regarding
the building of the Valley road, that indi
vidual may now vi«it a point a short dis
tance beyond the outskirts of Visalia and
see a laree number of men and teams
busily employed in constructing the road
bed of said railway.'" Oie does not have
to be a doubling Thomas to see that. In
fact these of us who are not b.esjed with
a coincidental endowment of doubt and
the name of Tom may see it far more
rendily.
In the bustle and hurry of ordinary life
we are apt to forcet the ereat extensions
of transportation facilities whicn are
being ma le in southern parts of the State,
but with our attention once called to them
we immediately return to our original
appreciation of them. They are proposi
tions wnich any one may grasp without
argument, and the only thing that keeps
ail of us from being constantly jubilant
over the prospect whic 1 they hold out is
the circumstance that we Jotvet them.
There are always several remedies for
hard times and several conditions that arc
responsible for them, the common notion
that any one certain prominent remedy
that may be brought up can alleviate all
ihe evils at one fell swoop being nothing
more than a campsien delusion. Of the
several remedies now in sight for the
various ills which afflict California, each
remedy according to the ill which it is to
treat, the building of more railroads for
the transportation of product* is one of
the most effective. The need lor that
particular remedy is more noticeable in
the San Joaquin Valley for ihe reason that
that section's resources have been devel
oped recently, and subsequent to the
original arrangement and construction of
the State's system of railroad transporta
tion, and this subsequent devolopment
has left that section without adequate
facilities.
For a number of reasons past the prin
cipal complaint in the cry of hard times
in the San Joaqain Valley has been on
account of insufficient arrangements for
shipping products to market. Fruit has
rotted upon the ground, hay and grain
have been sold for less than the cost of
production, and many a farm in the most
fertile part of the valley has failed to pay
a sufficient per cent upon the investment
10 offset the interest of the mortgage
THE saN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, IS9T.
upon it. Growers of rich and abundant fruit
have groaned in spirit when seeine their
orchard littered with decaying fruit and
have realized that if they could have cent
the fruit to market they could have pros
pered. Nothing but a line of railroad
within reach of them can bring them re
lief. The people of California have only
to realize the vital part of the proposition,
leaving out merely tbe adv sable par:, to
know now absolutely necesssrv the new
railroads are and what a great benefit they
will be.
CALiPORNTA MINES.
The report of the statistician of the mint
on the gold and silver production of Cali
fornia for tbe calendar year 1806 is in the
highe»t degree enc uraging. It shows
that while ther* hus been a depression in
the far-famed mining districts of South
Africa there has been an increase in the
gold output in California, and thi« show
ing can hardly fail to have an eff ct in
attracting the capital of gold-miners to
our State.
A< cording to the report the mines of
California in the past year yielded $17,
--181962 in gold and $422, 463 in silver, or a
total of JI7.HJ4 026. Compared with the
output of 1895 there was an incrrased pro
duction of gold of $1,847,245 and adecreasp
in the value of silver produced of $177,326,
leaving a net gain of $1,669,918.
This showing, good in itself, would un
doubtedly h«v« been mtteh better if it
had been possible to obtain exact in
formation from ail the mines. It is an
nounced, however, by the statistician that
some of tbe miners seem to have a repug
nance to furnishing the mint with the de
sired information, and many cannot be
induced to do so nt all. The statements
given, therefore, can be confidently relied
upon as the minimum of State productive
ness, inasmuch as the output was in no
case estimated or calculated from insuffi
cient data, but wa» compiled from the
actual reports of such mines as gave
them.
Until we have a statute making it obli
gatory for all mining companies to make
sworn returns of the output of the gold
and si.ver of their mines we can never
make a full and complete showing of the
productiveness of the mioinc districts of
the State. What has been accomplished,
however, is sufficient to make clear the
fact that California still ranks am. ng the
most prolific golt-bearing regions of the
world and is steadily increasing in the
amount of its output of precious metals.
Considered in detail, the report biows
that tbe number of counties producing
gold and silver to the vaiue cf $1,000,000
or more has increased during the past
yar from five to s»ven. the new counties
being Siskiyou and Tnolumne. The be l
showing of the year w;is ma :e br Ni vada
County, whose produc: of $2,389,340 not
only maintains that county in the first
rank bur shows an increase over la»t year
of $599,124. Toe second place is held by
P;ater, with Calaveras third anil Ama
dor, Trinity. Siskiyou and Tuolumne fol
lowing in the order nume 1.
As it has been reported from Europe
that the disturbances in the Transvaal
have caused an immense slump in the
mining interests in that portion of the
globe, it is not unlikely that this excel
lent showing for California will have the
effect of calling to this State much money
wh:ch otherwise would have been used in
tbe development of South African prop
erties. The pood results of the past year,
therefore, furnish a basis for expecting
better results in the future, and the
mining interests of the State have in
every respect a bright outlook before
them.
ALL FOX Nu HNG
Sweet Mamie was a fair young thing.
Hut her (in pa was itamey;
And when b» lie. rd tl>e doorbell ring
He softly sail: '-.Now. Mamie,
He's jot to lrave by bair-past ten I"
(~ure, he was not to blame: he
W« getting ralhrr tir. d by then)
"Yes, papa, de*r!" said Mkmle.
l:u: wh»n It cot'io hat f-pa\t ten
'1 be root youne man wbo came, he
Stayed on, last like the oilier men.
And pale and wan grew Mamie.
There came a voice chock lull of «and—
«he thought It naiU, ••. ibny me!"
th-» up and to (1 the yourg'rnan and—
He said good-07 to Mam: . r;
Now, Mamie, as she went io bed
(She went.tbouch. all the s»mee!)
She soboed arid v.i s hel ilia: abe were dead—
so mortified was Mamie.
Then she sio t up to pupa* door
Befura she sat<l her lar-me—
AUk! That noise wa* papa's snore:
And, ob, bow mad wat .Mamie:
-New rorlc Frets.
"THE TELEPHONE .fl LAW."
A PRECKDQJT Made In Ferdinand Ward's
Trial in 1880.
Communication in New York Son.
In regard to the admission of telephone
messages as evidence, permit me to add to
your article printed on Sunday, beaded "The
Telephone in Law."
The first instance of such admission was in
no less larnous a case than that of Ferdinand
Ward, of Grant & Ward. This was in October,
1885. On October 26 James D. Fish, then
serving ten years in Sin* Sing for wrecking
the Marine Xstional Bank, of which he had
been president, took the stand against Ward,
and swore that he had talked to Ward over a
private telephone running from the bank to
Grant & Ward's private office, and t«at Ward
had instructed him what to do with two
checks— one for $71,800 on the Mariue Na
tional Bank, and one :or $75,000 on the First
National Bank. He swore positively that
Ward was the person with whom he had had
the conversation.
Benjamin F. Xracy and Bourkc Cochran.
lawyers for Ward, protested against this %*•*• -
mony. declaring that it was incompet nt.
Justice Barrett, trial judge, necided acin..
them, however, and admitted the telephone
conversation a* evidence.
Ou the following day, October 27, Benjamin
rish, a brother of the precedine witness, swore
he had been standing with his head within
eighteen inches of the telephone at the lime
his brother and Ward had talked about the
checks, and that he heard Ward's voice dis
tinctly come over the teiepboue although his
brother had the receiver to his ear. The law
yers for the defence declared that such a state
ment was ridiculous, out the prosecution
showed n letter that Ward had written Fish,
complaining about the fnct that every one in
the room where mat telephone was could hear
wimt was being saia.
Ward vas fouDd guilty and was sentenced
to ten years a- Singling. On appeal Justice
Barrett's decision admitting the {elephoue
message was sustained. This was the first case
on record and is a precedent eight years older
than that of Judge Benedict, spoken of by you
on Sunday. Your*, etc.
PfcRSON L.
Dr. F. B. Ives of Chicago is In the City.
Thomas R. Minturn of Mlnturn is in town.
W. S. Ross of Visalia is here for a short stay.
W. M. Cross of Chicago is one of the visitors
here.
IV. I.orentzen of Braunschweig, Germany, is
Here.
H. C. Davey of the Corona mine U at the
Russ.
Louis Stade of Chicago is at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
William Ash and Mrs. Ash of Ber.in are at
the Grand.
P. M. Whiting of Santa Barbara arrived here
yeslerday.
Dr. 11. C. Brown of San Jose is a late arrival
in the City.
Johu A. Blytho and Mrs. Blythe of Salt Lake
are in town.
G. K. Burton, a hardware-dealer of Portland,
is iv the City.
Edward Gillispie of Prescott, Ariz., is oa &
visit to the city.
L. D. Shrimberg, a business man of Denver,
is nt ths Palcce.
A. B. Paxton of Rcdlands, Cal., Is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. La Chappell of Pacific Grove is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. W. Coryl, a business man of Denver, ar
rived here yesterday.
R. S. Kitrick and J. McKay Smith, of Oro
ville, are at tho Kuss.
C. M. Hartley, n fruit grower and packer of
Vacaville, is in town.
Dr. Edward B. Bowkes of Australia is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Lihrarian H. C. Xnsh of the Stanford Uni
versity is at the California.
A. E. Carter of Redding, Shasta County, is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. P. Stacy, a well-to-'io resident of Minne
apolis, is a ißte arrival here.
District Attorney L. L. Chamberlain of
Placer County is a visitor here.
Robert Granam, the fruit grower and dealer
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Ernest Sevier of Eureka, Humboldt County,
hns arrived here on a business trip.
H. W. Parker, a business man of Port Town
send, is among the arrivals at tlie Russ.
Mr. and Mr«. H. Liviueston Center and Misa
Inez Cente-, of New York, are at the Palace.
A. Botton.*. manager of the Byron Hot Springs
Hotel, is among the arrivals at the Baldwin.
E. Dusterdeirk, one of th«> leading business
men of Apia, Samoa, is rr gi.-.tered at the Russ.
R. P. L&throp, who is ilentined with the
banking Rnd commission business at Uanford,
ia in the City.
Brad Barnes, a mining man of London who
is interested in gold pro-p^cts in the Sierras,
is at the Grand.
Conrad Kohr«, a millionaire cattle-grower of
Deer Lodge, Mont., is among the arrivals here.
He will probably be in California for several
weeks.
A prominent party from Cincinnati, Ohio,
cons -ting of Charts S March, Sam B. Watcki,
Is-ftc Isept and John F. Haver arc at the
Palace.
Charles K. Hall, a mining man of England,
who is largely interested in the development
of the Iron Mountain mines, Shasia County, is
in the City.
Telfair (rel-hton, an attorney of Lis Ange
les, and an til recently for some little time one '
of the owners anil editors of the Los Angeles
Herald, is here on a brief visit and is at the
Occidental.
K. Nakayama, for the past six years an at- ■
tache of the Japanese Embassy at Washington,
D. C, ariiV'd here last night on his way home
to Tokio. his connection with the embassy
having been severed.
Right Rev. George Montgomery, Bishop of
Monterey and Lo* Angeles, has arrived here
from the latter city to attend the competitive
drill of the Leap ue of the Cross Cadets at the
Pavilion to-night. The Bishop was tho
founder of the letgue.
Si Huntley, owner of an extensive horse
ranch near Ilolena. Mont, and who some two
years since soid mining properties in New
Mexico to an English syndicate, is in the City.
He is accompanied by Harry Ch.lds, also of a
big ranch in Montana. Both have jus: ar
rived irom Coronado, where they have been
for over a week.
A. S. Garretson of Sioux City, lowa, who pro
jected the great bridge across the Mi^sour; I
River at tnat place and who was infrested la j
the Duilding of an elevated railroad and |
many nther enterpris s there, is in the City. !
Mr. Garrtts-.in was here over a year pro. For
a time he was interested ia the stockyards en
terprise at Rodeo.
CALIFOFN AhS I\ N£ -V YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28— At the St.
Cloud— W. \V. Hall, E. E. Colell. Mnrlborough—
& M. Boyd, C. H. Crocker. New Amsterdam—
Mr. and Mrs. S. \\\ Cowlcs. Imperial— C. H.
Crocker, J. Theband. Broadway Central— J. S.
EowelL Westminister— C. R. Page. Murray
Hill— H. E. Sefford. Holland— Miss Scott Al
bemarle—Miss Wallace. Manhattan— C. Wil
liam?. Arihur Castle. Juan Gasser and W. E.
Oalor c left the St. Cloud and saiicd on the
Trave forliremen. A. Nagelschmidt and Carlos
Muur alro sailed. C. Greathead and A. 11. Mar
tin left the St. Cloud and sailed on the Paris
for Southampton. Rev. J. Adam, V. G., of Los
Angeles and Mr. and Mrs. John K. Francis alio
sailed. N. Mcl.cnd is here buying.
Wlii. YOUR
Husband— l see that our local baseball club
advertises for a catcher, with the offer of a
good salary. I was no slouch of a ball player
a few yeßrs ago, and I think I'll turn right in
and train for that position.
Wife— Don't, dear. You have been a sub
urbanite '.wo years and you haven't learned
low to catch a train yet.— Richmond Dis
patch. ,
A short time ago an old lady went on board
Nelson's flagship, the Victory. The different
objects of interest were duly shown to her,
and on reaching the spot where the great
j naval hero was wounded (which is marked by
a raised brass plate) the officer remarked:
"Here Kelson tell 1"
•'And no wonder!' exclaimed the old lady.
"I nearly fell there myself."— London An
swers.
The very loquacious man had come to a pause
in his discourse, and an admirer took, advan
tage of the lull to say:
"Hasn't ho a splendid command of lan
guage?" . ;:y -,';'.;
"It doesn't seem so to me," replied the
weary-looking lady. "He has plomy of It. It's
like riding a bicycle down hill. He can start
easily enough, bat he can't stop himself.' —
Washington Star. - .
My lot c is laughing in her sleeve;
I know it, but I do not care,
For I can readily perceive
There's room for arm and laughter there.
' t '.^ ; , —The Jester.
Tillinghafit— Why did your friend frown
when I told him that he ought to embrace the
golden opportunity?
Gildersleeve— He is a prominent free silver
advocate.— lac Judge.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
No American pnma donna is winning so
much raeeen In Europe just at present as
Miss Delia Ropers of Denver, Colorado. She
was takea to Paris by her parents when a
child and plactd in a convent, where she ob
tained a complete mnstery over the language.
Her vocal teacher w«s Mrac. de It Grancp, and
neither money nor pains were spared by her
family to cive her every artistic opportunity.
Delia Rogers is one of the very few Americans
who have won applause at the Sccla in M lan.
Another Western prima donna has appeared
there in recent years— Sarah Paiina of this
City — but she only sang a minor role, whereas
Miss Rfgsrs was singing prima <ionna roles
there several years ago. During the last few
months she has been touring In Turkey and
Roumania, and immediately on li.r return to
Miss Delia Rogers of Denver, Colo.
Italy was snapped up by So: zogno to sing the
prn::a donna roles in "Carmen" ana "Wer
ther"ln Turin. Massenet has coached her in
"Wcrther." One feature of her appearances is
the magnificence of her gown?. In the ac
companying picture she is repr-sented as
Da.ila iv Saint-Saens' "Samson el Dal. la."
In England dramatic or operatic works
founded on Biblical subjects cannot be put on
the stage. In order to overcome this custom
maunders have sometimes changed the t. ties
auil the names of the pvrsonages in works
that havo obtained a trreat success elsewhere.
For instance, Rossini'^ "Moses" was given in
London under the name of "Peter the
Hermit," at:d Verdi's "Nebuchadnezzar" was
called "Nmus." It seems that Grau wanted
to mount Saini-Sa»-ns' ••Samson et Dalila" at
Coven t Garden this season and tent to the
composer to know if ne might change the
names of the character* and vary the inci
dents in order to obliteraio their resemblance
to the Bib.c story. For instance, he wished to
make lightning strike tho Philistine temple
instt ad of letting Samson pull it down.
Saiut-^aens received the request at Las
Palnas, in the Canary Isles, where he is win
tering, and immediately telegraphed back,
"The changes demnnded for 'Samson' are im
po.-s.ble"; so "btmson et Da.i a" will con
tluue to be performed on the concert i>latforrn
as an oratorio in England, but it will not
figure on the bills of Covent Garden.
German papers are printing vory kindly
notices of M;ss Marion Bear of this City, who
is ab oad studying music. Of a concert she
gave in Berlin on March 10 last a Dresden
musical journal says:
Miss Marion Bear's concert, which was an
nounced in these columns some time ago,
took piece in Berlin March 10, 1897. with
most gratifying end successful results. Miss
Bear's appearance was a signal for an out
burst of applause which the Saal Bechstein has
not heard lorsome time. Her programme whs
well chosen and throughout she gave great
pleasure by her artistic and refined render
ings. Her rapid progress under Prolessor
jediiczka will be the means of assuring her a
frout rank among pianists. On the programme
was the trying and difficult B minor scherzo
of Chopin, whicn had a dash and brilliancy
about it that gave her lull opportunity of dis
playing her admirable hnic. The tour pre
ludes in C, W and B i.<»t major and <ne in r
sharp minor by Chop n were piayed with grac»
and poetry. Beethoven's I flat sonate, op. '2.1,
wis remlerrd in amosi praiseworthy manner.
The remaining numbers on the programme,
Ifccbfcikowaky'a variations op. 10 ; iichuaann's
•'Knde yon Lie i" and Liszt's Ruapsodie 2 and
13, wore all given with dash and spirit. Miss
Bear's performance met with enthusiastic ap
plause, and after repeated recalls Bhe re
sponded with one of the dainty Chopin pre
ludes.
Castelmary's death on the stnce of the Metro
politan Opera-house is anoid story, but Emma
Calves account of the tragedy, written to a
friend in Paris, has now been published in the
French papers and her comments are worth
rending. Calve says: "Casteunary was labori
ously playing Tristan when he was overcome
with a choking sensation iind fell on his knees
The public thought it was a comic effect and
applauded the last moments of tne dyini? artist.
No sooner was the curtain lowered thnn he ex
pired. He was too old, too worn out to continue
playing, but he died on the field of honor like
a valiant so dier. Poor < astelmary 1 They
left him all night In his dressing-room, and
at the dnwn of day they changei hi* stage cos
tumo lor his street dress that he had worn
to come to the theater and his remains were
takeu to an undertaker's. On his person was
found 10,000 francs, all his savings, and a
will.
"GoJ w«s gooi to take him thu3, without
pain, at ;he very moment when old age was
prepariug much suffering for him. His pride,
his nonesty were proverbial at the theater;
we all talk of them with tears."
In Londona quaint complaint has been raised
by the gentlemen of the orchestra, particularly
the drums, who boing placed at the wings of
theater bands, are usually the unwilling recip
ients o opera-glassesaud other trifles dropped
down from the boxes Oi.e of the drummers
was recently bombarded, first with a packet of
candy, which hs forthwith distributed aruonn
his immediate neighbors, and short. y after
ward by a pocket of tobacco lightly screwed up
in a piece of tinfoil. As this dropped 0:1 his
drum at the down-beat of a bar and when he
was about to thwack the instrument with his
drumstick, it caus.-d a premature effect,wh!ch
astonished the drummer and elicited it irown
from the conductor.
Competitions to discover mute inglorious
opera composers do not always succeed as well
as the one inaugurated by Sonzogno. which
brought 10 light the "Cavalleria Rusticana."
The I'riuce Recent of Bavaria recently opened
a competition .'or an opera, and the prize was
won by a professor at the Munich Conserva
tory named Ludwig Tbuille. The successful
opera, which is called "Theucrdank," describes
In three acts an episode in the life of the Em
peror Maxim. lian of Austria. Ii yens recently
given a magnificent production under the
auspices of the l'rlnce Regent and scarcely
achieved a succors of esteem. The composer
was called before the curtain, and his friends
offered htm a few wreaths, but the demonstra
tion was interrupted by very persistent hUaing
: on the part of many people present. The critics
complain that '-Theuerdank" has no Inspira
tion, and what little good there is in It is bor
rowed from Wagner.
The German papers announce that the ten
! ors for the tetralogy at the coming Bayreuth
| festival will be Henry Vcgl, W. Gruening and
j A. Burgstaller. The last named is a graduate
of tne lyric-dramatic of Bayreuth, which
was founded for the purpose of manufacturing
singers for the festivals.
The Conservatory of Brussels has received
an original enough request fruin the Chamber
of Representatives. Tne request is that J. t*.
Bach's "Passion According to St. Matthew" be
performed for ihe laboring classes in order to
elevate popular musical taste. The idea ema
nates from two Deputies, one of whom, Yan
dervilde, Is the leader of the socialists, and
the other (Eeman) belongs to the Catholic
party.
Paderewski and Mine, Sarah Barnhardt were
the stars yesterday at a grand concert given
in Paris <o raiie iunds to erect a monument to
Henry Litolff. Bernhardi's contribution was
the recitation of some poetry, dedicated to
Lito"iff by Armacd Silvetre. Massenet organ
ized the affair.
Miss Lottie Siegel ar.d Miss Ernestine Gold
mann will give a concert in Golden Gate Hall
on the 3Ota inst.
The last of the Bacon-Minetti concerts takes
place in the Association Auditorium on Satur
day afternoon.
The Italian Philharmonic Society an
nounces its intention of giving "La Traviata"
on May $23, with Jda Valerga in the title role.
The part of Alfredo will be sustained by Frank
Valertra, if he has returned by that date from
his tournee in tne East.
F. H. Cowan will be the successor of Sir
Joseph Barnby as conductor at the next Car
diff festival. A new chornl work from his
pen. probably a secular cantata, will bo pre
sented on the occasion.
Tamaeno is singing the title role in Verdi's
"Otello" at the Peris Grand Opera. As he
refused to sing in French, all the other artists
have had to learn iheir roles in Italian.
M'ss E!«ie Hall, a pianiste from Australia,
has made a very successful debut in London.
Joseffy may appear in concert in Chicago
shortly.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Mantle Parlor of the \ »tivo Soni Cele
bra.es Its Tenth Anniversary by
an Entertainment.
Xlantic Parlor So. 105, Native Sons of the
Golden West, which was instituted iv April,
1887, celebrated it 3 tenth anniversary by an
entertainment and ball in Native Sous 1 Hall
on Tuesday evening ast.
Tnere was a large number of the friends of
members of the pailor present and they were,
as well as the members of the parlor, well
entertained with the choice programme that
was presented. Tnere was an overture by the
orchestra, after which Will M. Ogi.vie, a
youn« man with a gnod tenor voice, sang a
v ciiiso.o; Master Arnold Grazur gave a rte
ligmful quarter of an hour of specialties
and Tommy Eggert also presented >pe
cia.ties. Then fallowed the event 01 the even-
Ing, "A Virginia Uomnnce." a one-act play of
life in Vinjii.ia in 1891. There were "rive
characters in tne play and the production was
far above the average (>f amateur theatrical.
The particijantM were ieiter-perfect and not |
one cjf mem seemed for a moment at a
logs for words or action while on the !
stage. Al red Borlini appeared in the
character of a lieutenant oi the United Stau s
army, just graduated Irom West Point; MIH
Mabel Hazeitine, bis sweetheart, a haughty
Virginia girl, gtive an excellent conception of
a descendant i>f one of the tirst families; Miss
Elsie Duncan, as her conservative aunt, was
k> t:o<> I a personation as la often seen on the
pro etsional stage; Will M. Ogiivie, as a cow
ardly sneak who tr;ed to win the hand ot the
fair Virginian, was quite natural, vhile Miss
Etta But.er as a Uarkey whoi would not beueve.
that some men were not born to be musters,
wa* as good a reureaentatiou of an uneducated
darkey of the Topsy type as any one could
wish to see.
Af.er the curtain went down the performers
were cal:ed to the footlights ana euch of the
ladies was prisented wiih a bunch oi beautl
lul la France n U*.
The bull that followed was a very pleasant
portion of the evening's celebration. The
event wf.s well mutinied by the committee of
arrangement composed of F. Mordecai, F.
Drury, V. Kaufman, 6. E iler, J. K. Hny, W.
Carroll, M. Claraty, T. E. Mc^uaid.
I ho Grand Patriarch's Visits.
Grand Patriarch Doran of the Grand En
campment of the Independent Order of Odd
i'el.ow* of tne State of California announces
the following official visits: April 30, ;o En
terprise E campment at Los Angeles; May 5,
PnsadeiiH Encampment ; May 15, Oriental En
campment, San FrttOCiMO; May 18, Pacific
Encampment, Sacramento: May 21, Oro Kn
cani i, in en t, O oville; May 22, Union Eucauip
ment, Grass Valley ; May 'J4, Mlsiletoe Encamp
meut, Nevada City ; Msv -J,o, flails Encamp
ment, Vacaville; M«y "Jti, .\l«rysville Eucami.
meut; Mnv -S, Mount Moriah Enca.npmcnt,
Vnllejo; June 1, Compromise Encampment,
Salinas; June o, Ssnta Cruz Encampment;
June 4, Santa Cruz Encampment.
The Kohrbacher Funeral.
The funeral of the late Phillip Rohrbacher,
who at the time of his death was the Supreme
Arch of the Druids of the United States and
past noble grand arch of California, whose
sudden death In Stockton last Monday has
already been announced in 'Ike Calu will
take place at 1 o'clock tins afuruonn irom his
late re-iilence, 310 Fuiton street. The reman. a
wi 1 be taken to Druids' Hall, on Sutler street,
where the ceremonies of the order will be
held, uudi-r ih_- auspices of the Grand Grove
Of California, James A. Devoto, noble grand
arch. There will be present m me ha.l dur
ing the ceremonies, t 1 ihe local groves, tne
members ot the circle of Drindesses and rep
resentatives irom groves outside of the City.
Harmony's Smoker and Joker.
On Thursday evening Harmony Lodge No.
9, A. O. U. W., will give its first invitation
smoker aim joker, in tne Social Hall of the Al
cazar building. The committee on entertain
ment has prepared a programme Which it says
will equal if not surpais auy presented Dy any
other lodge oi the order.
Blorsn Luiign Anniversary.
The committee of arrangements, J. J. Rich
ards chairman, having charge of the enter
tainment to be given by Morse Lodge No. 257,
I. O. O F., on the evening'of next Weduexiaj'
in Memorial Hall, OJd Fellows' building, in
celebra ion of the twentieth xtiuiversary of
the ins i>utiou of the lodge, announces ihat it
lias secured all its talent for ihe ev<.-nlm' and
that the programme to be presented will be
one of unusuul excellence. From the number
of applications thai have been made for tick
ets it is sale to say that the hall will be
crowded.
, NSWERb iOCOkcm:SPONDENTS
Liberty Bell March— X., Soulsby vlllo, Cnl.
S " l a; Liberty Be.i inarch was lirst Performed
in 1803. It was- published thai year.
The Palace Hotel— k'., city. Work on the
Paiac>> Hotel in San Francisco was commenced
inlß7a and the hotel was opened in October,
18/ j.
Barbers' School -C. G., Empire, Coos
County. Or. There is a oarbers' school in this
City, located near the corner of Tenth and
Howard streets.
Government Work— J. W. M., Ferndale,
Humbo.di County, t al. An Individual desir
ing to obtain , work at Mure Island that is
being done under authority 01 Hie Govern
ment should make application to the head of
:tie department in wnlch he might wish to be
employed.
Air— C. E., City. Thii department is always
willing to nnswer questions 10 which answers
are obtainable, but the questions should ba
presented in intelligible language. The ques
tion asked is so unintelligible that it is im
possible to determine what the writer wants
to Know about air.
Desertion— J. F. 8., Stockton. Cal. If a man
deserted from the United States volunteer
army during the war of the rebellion, and,
never having been pardoned, now wishes to
have some action taken in regard to the mat
ter, he should write to the Secretary of War at
Washington, D C. If there is no redress, in
th- opinion of the applicant, from that de
partment, he can draw, the attention of the
President of the United States to the matter
by a petition. , ' '
White Squadron— Oakland, Cal. It was
in 1886 when seme of the vessels of the new
navy appeared painted white that a writer for
a New York paper called the vessels 'The
White Fquadron." Tne Chic go, trie keel of
\vliie:i wa- laid in 1883, was Che first vessel of
what afterward boemne popularly known as
the white squadron. The Jir^t ba'ttlt-stiip of
tne new navy »-hs the Indiana. Her keel
was laid May 7. 18!il. and she was launched
February 28. IS9:{ The K-els of the Massa
chusetts :md me Oregon, also baitls-ships,
were laid in IS'JI.
Gilding— ll. M., City. The following isgiven
as a preparation for cleaning gilding: Quick
lime, one ounce; sprinkle with a little hot
water to slack it, thoi: gradually add one Dine
of boiling water so as to form a milk ; dissolve
two ounces of pearl ash in one and a half
pints of boiling water, mix ti.e two solutions,
cover, agitate occasionally for an hour, allow
it to settle, decant the clear 1 quid, put in
half-pint bottle* and cork well. The liquid
may bo used alone or diluted with water.
applied with a ton sponge and then washed
off witn clean water. Of the value i f this pre
paration this department does not know any
thing. If through the carelessness of a per
son gilding has been rubbed off a frame the
defect might be remedied by the as pi. cation
of gold paint if me defect to be covered is not
too large. _____^______
CHURCH OFFICERS ELECTED
Vestrymen i»ml Delegates to the Dio
cesan Convention for St. John's
Chosen.
The following vestrymen have been
elected for St. John's Episcopal Church
pncl parish: Judge F. W. Van Reynegom,
David Brown, E. D. Billiard", J. A. Cam
eron, F. H. Eichbaum, Joseph L. King,
Major li. McKinne, James RoJpn Jr., F.
L. Southaclc, H. F. Williams, Dr. George
IS. Baker and A. Spencer.
From this body the follow n« officers
wero chosen: Judge F, \V. Van Keyne
eoni, senior warden; F. H. E'chbaum,
junior warden ; F. L Southack, treasurer,
and David Brown, secrete ry.
Delegates to tha dioresan convention,
which will bo held at S:. Luke's Church,
in this City, May IS: Judee F. W. Van
Keyneprom," F. H. Kichbaum, 11. F. Wil
liam?, Major B. McK.nne, F. L. tjouthact
and E. D. Builard.
STREET ASSESSMENT WORK.
City Councils May 11 ject All Bids
Made by Irresponsible Contractor*.
Tbe Supreme Court yesterday reversed
the judgment and order of the lower court
in the case- of the contracting firm of
Gervin. Baldwin & Eyre against J. Simon,
all of Stockton. This was an action to
foreclose the lion of a street assessment
levied by virtue of o contract for grading
and raving a street in Stockton. The
contract was let to F. J. Owen, who as
signed it to the plaintilts, by whom the
work was performed. Ihe case was tried
and the lo\er court gave judgment in
favor of Simon.
Two questions were involved in the ap
peal. The first relates to the validity of
the City Council in swarding the contract
to Owens, and the second is whether, con
ceding that the work was not performed
in accordance with the specifications of
the contract, the defendant is in a condi
tion to take advantage thereof.
It seems that the contract was taken
away from one McCarthy, by the Council,
who declared him to be unfaithful and
dehnqueut. Upon tnis the Supremo
Court says:
Tne City Council may reject any and all pro
posals or bids should it deem this for the pub
lic good, and aiso the bid of nny party uho
hns been delinquent and unfnithlul in any
former contract with the municipality, and
shall reject aw proposals or bids other than
tiie lowest regular proposal or bid of uny re
sponsible bidder, end may award the contract
for .•■aid work or improvement to the lowest
responsible bidder.
The higher court also decided the lower
court was correct in decreeing tnat all the
steps in the contract work are regular and
the assessment legal. The defendant had
the right to object to the work within
thirty days, but ne failed to do so, hence
the decision stated.
Cal. glace fruit sOc per In., at Townsend'a. *
Fpeciai information daily to manufactursri.
business houses and public men by tho Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Though an order in council has recently
been issued permitting Archbishops of Canter
bury to be buried in the crypt of the cathe
dral, the late Arcfibi-hop Benson's family re
fuse to allow his body to be placed there, as
they cannot have it buried in "Becket's
Crown."
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
irom 9 a. M. to 5 p. m. and gra d concert every
Thursday evening. *
Walther yon der Vogelwoide's burial p'.ace
in the Neumun'ter ai Wurzburg has been dis
covered by Dr. Kerierof the university in that
town. The tombstone, with the four cavities
in it for food and drink for the birds, which
the poet directed should be placed over him,
has disappeared, though it was in existence
sixty years ago.
Faster 'lime on the Santa Fa Rents,
Three and One-half 1> <y» to
Chicago or St. Louis— Four
and One-half Uan to
>*ew York.
Loaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursday,
at 5 p. X., connection Is made at Barstow with th<»
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleeper* Ihe handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Daii/
through sleeping-cars,, bo.h palace and tourls:,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also so;U vli
Ofcden. Portland, Alojave. Los Angeles, Demiag or
Xl Paso, to n!l points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket ollice 6*4 ilarsot
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Alain 163 L
Railroad Ticket* to the East: via Rl»
Grande Western and Denver and S
Rio (■ramie Railways,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pallmai
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every d.17.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permuting
stop-over at salt Lake City on all classes of lioltd-.i
Detailed Information and tickets furnished at Ik
Montgomery street, or 314 California sired-
Age robs us of the locks that graced our youth.
To get. them buck with their youthful color and
life, use Parker's Hair Balsam.
So Safkr or more Kfficacious Remedy can
be had {or Coughs, or any trouble of the tnroat,
than "Mroun's Bronchial Troches."
• — ♦ — •
Be sure and supply your toilet- with a bottle of
Ayer's Hair Vigor. It keeps the hair soft ami
glossy, and the scalp cool and clean
. — — • —
A woman attending service in the Park-ave
nue Church, Syracuse, removed her pretty
spring hat and sst with uncovered head
throughout the sermon. Some of the Syracuse
papers are commending her highly, and say
that the custom of removing hats in church
should be just a< much of an item for pub'.ic
comfort as it is in the theaters
NEW TO-D4V
The Royal— White and Pure
as the Driven Snow.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
. .I. ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK :THCKKDAY. ............. APKJI. i>9, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkb — Primrose and West's
>:instroiB.
I Columbia Theater A Bun on the Bank."
MoBOSCO'SOPiCRA-HoUSK ■ The Smugglers.
Alcazar Thxatkb a Noble }:o,mi«»
Tivou Opera 11..: -r Miamus O'Brlen."
Osprkdm —High-Class Vaudeville.
*• >. hanjcs' I'AVii.Jox— Gleasoni King of Horse
Tamers.
Bicycuc Races— Corner Baker and Fell streets,
Sunday nlternoon, at " o'clock.
m-tro Baths.- Bat hins "n<l Performances.
Thk Chutks and skating Kink— Daily at
Baighi street, o!ie ock cast of the Park.
juvwaiui b >rk. Concerts every Sunday.
i acific Coast Jock Club.— Hacea 10-day.
PICMCS AM) EXCURSIONS.
Ex. Campo— Music, Uaucing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
:==
Alt! lON : At- S.
By ("has. I >■:•■ v * > This day. April 29,
Hair Goods, etc , a: 1135 Market au, at 11 o'clock.
Ii Jj»avk W'.'J i-t> KKUKto— This day. April
29, KPs:;n:nuil. Nt 74 Jackson M.. «i 11 o'clock.
Also Furniture, at 71!' Howard st . at 2 o'clock.
By ttiMVAX .V 1..Y1 X— 1 riilay. April 30.
llor^p? l:u«i;ies, nc, at corner Blxteeuth and
Valencia streets, st 11 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Thursday.— Forecast Official Hammon.
T!ie California Music Festival Association
cave its last concert last night at Metropolitan
HalL
The gunboats Marietta and Wheeling will
be ready for their trial trips about the middle
of May.
Editor Marriott's libel case in Judge Daln
gcrfK-ld's court is still on trial. It may last
smother week.
Chief Justice William L. Chambers of Samoa
arrived From Washington, D. C, yesterday eu
route to Africa.
J. H. Glim ore has been appointed superin
tendent of the Mechanics' Fair, which will
open August 17.
Emma Ashley has decided to go on the stage
in order to secure funds for her sister, her
niece and herself.
The Bufora fro.-> kindergarten on Fifteenth
avenue, South San Francisco, wi.l cive an en
tertaiutnent to-day.
The police hay? captured three people sus
pected of connection with a diamond robbery
in British Columbia.
The monthly review and drill of the troors
the Fre»ldi<> will take place to-morrow morn
ing from 0:30 to 12 o'clock.
Little T G, i-ea Spray, The Bachelor, Arundel,
o me Miller and Good Times were the win
ners a: Ingleside yesterday.
The Gentlemen's Sodality nroduced Joseph
A. Lyon's translation of "The Malediction"
last evening in St. Ignatius HalL
Delegates to the Pure-food Congress, to be
held ■morrow and Saturday, are beginning
to arrive from all over the State.
Postmaster Dan T. Murphy of The Needles is
here after a long prcspecti.icr trip over the
desert in quest of gold prospects.
The Socialist Labor party will give a series
of street meetings, commencing to-night, at
the corner of P.ne and Kearny streets.
Judge Low yesterday dismissed two charges
of perjury against Charles Hellman of St.
Louis In connection with a divorce from his
wife.
BishoD Montgomery, the founder of the
Leaeue of the Cross Cadets, will b? present at
the big competitive drill at the Pavilion to
night.
Auditor Broderick says that the new teach
ers'annuity ami retirement fund is unconsti
tutional, and he will have it tested in the
courts.
Telephonic communication has now been
es;ab'ished between Point Bonita, Lime Point
find Fort Point. It will be used for military
purposes.
Henry Nolan, a boy from Rocklin, Placer
County, who says he was kidnaped by a miner,
was found wandering about the water front
yesterday.
Superintendent of Schools Webster declares
that, the work alrpady done on the school
census is illegal, and may have to bo gone
over again.
According to a decision of the Supreme i
Court City Councils have the right to reject
Wds . ; on contracts made by irresponsible or
unfaltnful contractors.
On May 10. at Washington, D. C, the Civil
Service Commission will hold an examination
for inspector and assistant inspector of sal
mon fisheries in Alaska.
Jakf Rudolph has been acquitted of a charge
of murderous assault on the ground of insan
ity, and has been committed to the State In
sane Asylum at Stockton.
Warrants have been sworn out by the Health
Department for five hoc-ranchers who are
conducting their ranches within the limits
fixed by me Supervisors.
Charles Fuehrig and his wife were seriously
injured while driving yesterday afternoon, by
beinc run into and thrown from their buggy
by Mission-street car 1021.
An enthusiastic meeting of the committee of
Britishers having in charge the arrangements
for the diamond jubilee celebration of Queen
Victoria was held last night.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club favors
macadam as a pavement in preference to
either basalt or bitumen until such time as
the district is more thickly settled.
Dr. James C. McCall and a carpenter named
Frank Boley were found dead fr«m morphine
poisoning on the steamer Captain Weber
which arrived from Stockton yesterday morn
ing.
Superintendent of Public Behoofs R. 11. Web-
Ft--r has ■ fficially inaorsed the Lincoln monu
ment movement and will so state in a circular
letter to the teachers of the school depart
ment.
Adjutant-General C. 11. Galusha of the Na
tional Guard of Nevada is in the City, Gen. I
em: Galusha is a veteran of the Civil War. He
Attended the recent encampment of the
O. A. B.
Chief Engineer McClure of tho Pacific Mail
Company's Peking will start on a trip to Eu
ror>e next Sunday. This will be his first vaca
tion during thirty-three years of cjn.inuous
service.
The Mererstein Company has been incor
porated by Lewis Meyerstein, Jane I. Meyer
stein, Alfred L. Meyersiein, Isadore Simon and
Louis Bearwala with a capital »;ock of
$500,000.
Under an act of Congress npnrovc-d March 2,
1837, no tea will be r.l lowed to be imported
into the United States unless it is up to a mm- i
imum standard nt quality established by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
A cigar-store on the corner of East and Sac
ramento streets was burglarized last night.
Tne nickel-in-the-slot machines were burst
open and the money stolen. A quantity of
cigars and tobacco was also taken.
The ladies of California-street M. E. Church,
corner of California and B'oderick streets,, will
give an entertainment entitled "AuntJerus
ha's Family Album" and an excellent musical
and li erary programme on Friday evening,
April 'JO.
The hear! of the case of the Union Trans
portation Company ocninst t lie Valley road
for alleged discrimination in favor of the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvemeni Company
wes begun beiore the Railroad Commission
yesteriay.
SEW TO- DAT.
If your eye« are beginning to trouble
and annoy you, if you suspect they need
attention, we will examine them free of
charge. If you need glasses we will tell
you so frankly; if you do not we will tell
you so just as frank
A. NORDMAN. "~ I. NORDMAN,
STANDARD OPTICAL Co
217 Kearny Street, S. F.
EMMA WILL
BECOME AN
ACTRESS
She Has Been Preparing
Some Tims for Her
Debut.
LATEST PLAN OF BALD
WIN'S NEMESIS.
The Ashleys in Sore Need o
Funds fcr Actual Living
Expenses.
APPLIED FOR A PART AT THE
COLUMBIA.
Little Beatrice May Perform With H:r
Aunt — Letter From a Mysterious
Admirer.
As a last de?psrate resort to raise funds
for the hospital expenses of her sister, for
the maintenance of little Beatrice Anita,
her sister's turee-year-n!d daughter, and
for her own support, Emma A-hley lias
allowed herself to be persuaded to take to
tb? stage.
Her histrionic plansare still unmatured.
Indeed it was only yesterday that she de
cided to use the dramatic abilities with
which her friends tell her she is eudowed,
for the delectation of the public and the
pecuniary benefit that she may gain
thereby.
The idea, she stated yesterday, was sug
gested to her shortly after her release
from custody, when the jury failed to
convict her of the charge of attempting
'•Lucky ' Baldwin's life. At that timu,
however, she absolutely declined to listen
to the propositions that were made to her
to take to the tneatricil boards.
Recently a lady friend, herself an
actress, revived the matter, and off red
to undertake the task of preparing Miss
Ashley for her appearance Lefore the
footlights. Seeing a possible opportunity
to raise runcn-needed fund?, Miss Ashley
consented to becoma a dramatic attrac
tion.
Her preliminary work has apparently
been completed, for yesterday she toajcht
out the manager of the Columbia Thenter
and proffered her s-rvices to him. the
tells her experience as follows:
"I went to the theater this afternoon
and asked for the man:ic-r. II" was
pointed out to me, but was speaking to
another gentleman at trie time. I waited
till he was alone and then approached and
spoke to hirj. I told him I desired to
take par; ia any play that might be put
on the stap.o of his theater. I told him
who 1 was, and be seemed to be favorably
impressed with niy proposition.
"He was very k'nd, but told me he had
no power to engage people to take part
iv the performances given at tiis
theater. He explained th:it only entire
companies were engaged, and that the
manager of the company was the one who
I engaged the performers. He intimated
that ii the theater had its own stock com
pany he would have been glad to give nic
a chance.
"When I left there I went to the Alcazar
Theater, out failed to find the manager
in. I was not greatly disappointed, for I
would pr-fer to make my debut in sofne
place outside of this City. I may mate
up niy mind to appear firs; at San Jose.
"Of course, I do not expect to take any
leading par;, but I believe people will go
to see me because of the unfortunate part
I have Deen compelled to play In real life.
I nuiy also give them a chance to see little
Beatr cc. Shi* has a number of pretty lit
tle dimity, suisse and other light and
nuffy frock?, which wiu make her look
very attractive before the footlights, i
might have her walk across tne stage
once or twice. I wonder how Baldwin
would like to see her. You don't often
see a millionaire's child on the stage, do
you?"
Dropping this topic she told of the re
ceipt of an effusively affectionate letter
from a gentleman who signed himself an
ardent admirer, and who wished to cor
respond with her for the purpose of ulti
mately making her acqua.iuance.
"I shall :;ot answer him," she said,
"because I am very suspicious these days.
How do I know but this may be some pri
vate detective employed by Baldwin to
secure my affection, marry me and so put
me out of ihe way of annoying Baldwin
with any demands for providing for the
support of intle Beatrice? If he thinks
he can switch me off in 'hat way. he will
eet footed. I don't propose to lake any
chances of being entrapped in anything
of thfit kind."
Lillian Ashley is still at St. Luke's Hos
pitai, but may be removed to the Woman's
Hospital shortly. An operation is neces
sary to insure her complete recovery to
health, and it will be performed as soon
as the question of her removal is settled.
WANT MACADAM ONLY.
I: i<-)i in 'mil Not Vet Prepared. for
Modern Street Pavement.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club is
not in favor of bitumen or basalt block
pavement. The reason for this is that
should either material be put down on the
streets at the present time it will surely
be disfigured by the many new buildings
going up from time to time with which
water and pa" connections must be made.
The fo^ic of this po. icy was fully dem
onstrated by the report of the executive
committee at the meeting of the club
Tuesday night when the recommen
dation was made that the Superintend
ent of Streets be invited to make an
investigation of all streets and avenues
from First avenue to Sixth and between
Point i.obo* avenue and Lake btrurt and
to recommend to the Board of Supervisors
the necessity of macadamizing such streets
as are not already paved.
For the purpose of advocating the.
recommendations of the club, the follow
ing were appointed a committee to wait
on the Supervisors: E. Gengley. J. P.
Fia.-ger, Lewis llohrmaun and P. Puillip
pini.
A petition taking the form of an ex
pie-ision of public opinion to President
McKinley for the appointment of his
relative, Benjamin F. McKlnlev, as the
successor of Postmaster Frank McCoppin
in this City, has received quite a num
ber of signatures in the Richmond district.
Mr. McKinl^y isHt present superintendent
of station F, and has been connected with
the postal service for the past fi; teen years.
Money fur the li<>ul<- v>tr<].
Stanford Parlor, X. R O. W., has subscribed
?25 for the completion of llaiboa boulevard.
Tail is the lirst donation for ihe boulevard
offered by any par; or oi ihe N. .S. G. \V.
- Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. >'oouao, 1017-1073 illusion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
Gose of the Second Act of "The Malcdictkn," as Rendered by the Gentlemen's Sodality in St.
Ignatius Assembly Hail.
"MALEDICTION"
WAS APPLAUDED
An Entertainment Given
by the Gentlemen's
Sodality.
Joseph A. Lvon's Adaptation
Rendered Before a Vast
Auiience.
The Clergy, Bench and Bar and So
ciety Wei Rpresented in St
Ignatius Assemb y Hall.
9 "The Malediction," a three-act drama
translated from tho French by Joseph A.
Lyons, A.M., wus given last evening for
the benefit of the Gentlemen's Sodality in
Assembly Hal! of St. Ignatius Church.
George Hermann, t:.e well-known pro
fessional, produced the play in a manner
that diJ credit to himself and the young
gentlemen who participated in it to the
delectation of a large gafierinp.
Among those who were present, both
on the stage and in tne auditorium, were:
Dr. £kaife, Dr. Gilmour, Thomas W. Hickey,
Rev. Thum.s MrQuade, I>r. I'ortvr. Mr*. I'or'er,
Mi«.s Porter. Rev. .1. M. (.inty, Uev. li. IfcKln
non, M. O'Byrne, J. Schlelcher. T. P. i n>w
ley, \V. I)erhaii!, 1». Buckley, Joseph A. UucK
ley. MNs Buckley, I'eter Connolly, Miss M.
Connolly, Mr. Connolly, Rev. F. Urimmtoa,
MissN. Burke, J. F. KitzjiHtrick, A. MiKlimon,
Miss McKmnoii, Miss F. McKinnoii, Mrs Hyde,
W. J. O'Brien, Mifs u'Brlen, J. OB
J. J. Iveibrr 1 , Mrs. J. .1. Leiben, G.B-aucc.Mrs. G.
Benuee, Dr. K. O. Steers, Colonel J. . I. Tobin,
Mrs. J. J. Tobln, J. J. O'Brien, .Mr-. O'Brlon,
David J. Corbait.Jonn liourke, Mrs. Buurke,
Miss J. Bamiorrnau, Miss Clar I.eou»rJ, I'aul
B. Hay, Mrs. Hay, ("rj>ulii 11. J. Meaxber,
Mis^ M. McGlynn, 0. Cnox, Cnar:es i>i?rliam,
Miss I) L Tbßm, Dr. J. .1. Oallagher, Miss N.
Gallacner, Mis> M. Gallagher, P. W. Morriser,
J. Colson, Mrs. Colaon, Jerem^nli Mahoney,
the Mi-scs Manonuy, Mrs. John Malm icy, Mrs.
J. J. Muhoney. Dr. J. F. Gibbon, Miaa M. Gib
bon, M;=s X Gibbon. Dr. L. Roblnaon.Hra.
Kobiusou, Miss Smyth, J)r. F. Robinson,
Jud^e CHmpbeil, Judge Coffey. T. E. Han
ner:imn, tne Mlssts Bannermßti, James
R. Kelly, Mm Kel.y, M-. Lysle,
Mrs. X ibitison. Miss Keltic Jone«, J. Mahouy,
Miss Jennie O'Reilly, J. Connolly, Miss Neii
inan. Mrs. J. Kegati, Mrs. Andrew SVelcn, A.
Welch, Miss E. Regan, Mrs. J. Roasell, Mrs.
TiiDinpson, San Kuiael; Kcv. A. Col tell I, S. J.;
Very Rev. tntuer Frledflia & .'.; Ucv. Knther
Prelato, 8. J.; Rev. Ka-h-r Allen. S. J. ; Rev.
Father Hickey. S. J.; Rer. Patber Dal7.;a, B, J.;
Rev. Father Woods, ?. J.; Rev. Falser Sardl,
Hey. Fiiiiier Dema.sini. Rev huttier Testa, EU v.
Father i-'ardella, Aloyslus J. Riibh, C. A. Buck
iey, James llaye«, Joan J. Hayes. P. G. Bu;!er,
T. ilonan, J. P. Morrlsey, ihafies Carroil, Jotm
P. Diftnan. D. C. B. McCarthy, J. J. Looney,
lieorßt; Springer, and Maurice Pope, Dr. W. H.
Silerst.
The plot of the rlay, as explained by the
translator, is Itid in epaiu during the
Mohammedan war. Don Alonzo, son of
Don Vasco de Gomel, a Drince.y noble
man, is persuaded by ambition and the
evil counsel of his confident, Don Lopez,
to abandon his father, his cuuntrv ar.d
his God.
He begins a prince among the Moham
medans, and in the progress of the war
his father and all his soldii-rs fall into the
hands of Tarik, the MuhammeJan leader.
Tarik causes Don Alonzo to visit his
father for tne purpose ol winning him
over to tho faith of the prophet, assuring
him that if he fails his father mint die.
Alonzo obv-'ys. His father, however, re
pels him and launches at him a maledic
tion, beneath which he loses his reason.
Don Vasco and his vassals escape from
the Turis and return to the Christian
c:imp, where they fina Don Alonzo, who
under his father's care returns to reason,
and is afterward ki.lcd in a battle with
the Mo ammedans.
The play abounds in thrilling incidents
ami natural situations. The young men
of the sodaitv acquitted themselves well
10 the task of pleasinc their friends.
THE MECHANICS' FAIR.
J. 11. CJllmore 11. <s Ufrn Appointed
Sn |ut in t<- il i-nt of the liig
Exhibition.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
have appointed J. H. G:lmore as superin
tendent of the Mechanic-:' Fair, which
opens August 17 next. Trustees Charles
N. Plum, Robert W. Neal and Secretary
Joseph M. Cumruinc have been appointed
as a special committee to attend to the
special events of the fair.
AmonK the interesting exhibits this,
year will be a forestry einibit, a complete
dairy in operation and an exhibit from
the Mechanics' Library showing their
rurc-t books.
Sr>enial prizes wilt be Riven for the best
private collection of minerals and for toe
bestesayon "Huw to Enplov the Sur
plus I/ilior of California," and the insti
tute gold medal will be awarded to the
best recent Pacific Coast invention which
hai heretofore not received an award.
A f-pecUl feature will also be the' elec
trical exhi Us. Rppcial cash prizes will
nl-o be offered of $100 and $50 for tho best
machinery exhibiis, and of $100, $90, $80
?70and$'JO for the best general exli'ibus
ready on the openinc day of the fair.
The admission will be kept at 25 cents
The Crowds Are Ifot Falling Off
This is the tenth day, and the rush of people
is still to De seen at the great retiring sale of
the Paragon Cloak and Suit Company, 1230
Market street. There are yet hundreds of late
styles, different shades, all-wool dresses to be
had at $3 50. Yesterday- one storekeeper of
Portland, Or., bought $3000 worth of the
stock. At iuis rate the sue will soon be over •
Warnings to Grocrrn
At the request of the Merchants' A«sociatlon
the Bo».r,1 of Health has nad printed and is
distributing; to grocers the reports of me
chemist of the board showing the results of
his analyse; of various fruits, j.-llu-g, milk and
other articles of food. It is expected that
dealers will profit uy the information con
lalucd aud avoid buying adulterated goods.
Furniture Moved.
Estimates furnished. Responsible, reliable
and reasonable. Morton Special Deliver.
• 403 Taylor street and. bOO Market street
BRITISHERS VOTE
FOR AN AMERICAN
Selected as Orator for
Their Queen's Diamond
Jubilee.
Graceful Compliment at an En
thusiastic Meeting of Com
mittees.
All Reports Show That the Celebra
tion Will B a Success— A Praise
Service Mooted.
©
The rneetinc in Scottish Hall last night
of the Queen Victoria Diamond Jubilee
I celebration committee was largely at
i tended, and was marked throughout with
he greatest enthusiasm.
Chairman William Doxey, in opening
the meeting, spoke of the encouragement
received since the previous meeting and
i the enthusiasm displayed all over the
City. He felt assured that the celebration
would prove an immense success. He
suggested that the following additional
names be added to the committee: W. H.
Campbell, G. W. Butler, G. W. Moss, R. ,
P. Hichet, H. P. Taylor. Consul-General
Warburton, Baron Jacobs, James Hogg, '
Dr. H. J. Jones, Werner Stanf, Dr. F. W. j
Skarfe, Donald Ross, Rev. W. N. Ballon
and Mr. Medcroft.
A motion to that effect was made and
adopted.
The chairman then called for reports
from the different committee* appointed
at the previous meeting, and Greer Ham- j
son, on behalf of the literary committee,
submitted the following:
The committee recommends that the pro
gramme of literary exercises shall bs us fol
lows: I. Opening prayer, by Rev. John Hemp-
ill. 2. Music. 3. Oration by a distinguished
American. 4. Music. 5. Poem. G. Music. 7.
Benediction by Rev. Rabbi N'ieto. 8. Music.
The committee desires to express the opinion
mat the litorarjr exercises be of the simplest
kind, and limited i* the sketch as above.
Fifty dollars was asked to be awarded to the
peel whose poem is selected.
In speaßing to the report he suggested
the name of General W. H. L. Barnes, than
whom he thought no one in San Francisco
was better fitted to do justice to the oc
casion. He paid a glowing tribute to the
General's oratorical abilities and said that
I every effort should bo made to prevail
upon him to deliver the oration.
••Where tlie Britisn flag floats.'' said the
speaker, "it would be only right that a
distinguished Britisher should deliver tho
oration, but in this foreign country, it
would be a fitting compliment to the flag
of that country that a distinguished
American should be selected."
The report was adopte i and the literary
committee was instructed to wait upon
General Barnes and gel nis consent to de
liver th<« oration.
1 J. J. Morris of the committee on musi
cal exercises reported progress.
John M. Duncan of the games commit
tee also reported progress.
Rev. J. J. Fell, who labors among the
seafaring men, -aid that the Chutes were
not suited to footrace?, but the water
could be utilized for water spirt? — such as
a tubrace and water polo — in which the
British sailors in port could take part.
There could also be the greasy pole,
which would afford great amusement. He
suggested that two or three of the British
i captains in port should be placed on the
I general committee as a compliment to
them, and that a circular be sent to all the
captains asking them to hold a meeting
nnd select two or three of their number.
The suggestion was adopted.
Sidney Chidley of the tableaux com
mittee reported recommending the fol
lowing tableaux:
1. "Announcement of the Queen* Acces
sion." 2. "Coronation Ceremony." 3. "Mar
ri*ue of the Queen." 4 "Opening of the
Great Kxnibition." 5. "Decoration of the Vic
toria Cross to the Crimean Heroes." 0.
"Horr.Rjreof the Indian Princes at the Last
Jubilee." Finale. "Grand Allegorical Rally of
the Katlo.is Subject to British Jurisdiction."
Tne expenditure would be about $500.
The report was referred for reconsidera
tion.
George T. Marsh of the committee on
decoration and illumination of grounds,
and John Reid of the committee on print
ing, advertising and programme reported
progress.
A. J. Callingbam of the banquet com
mittee reported recomending that the
banquet be held in the Palace Hotel Mon
day evening, June 21; that Consul-
General Warburton be chairman; mat a
toastinaster be selected, and that the
tickets should be $5 each so as to have
"quantity" rather than "quality."
W. Balorades suggested that ladies
should be permitted to attend the ban
quet, as they would add grace and dig
nity to the occasion; but it was not favor
ably received, and the report was adopted.
It was decided that the chairman of
each committee should meet in the recep
tion-room vi iho Palace Hotel Saturday
afternoon at 4 o'clock to arrange a pro
gramme for the celebration.
Rev. W. W. Boiton suggested that a
public service of praise and thanksgiving
should be held in some public nail on
Sunday, June 20, when there could be a
grand chorus and appropriate ceremo
nies. He moved that a committee of
three be appointed by the chairman to
consider the matter, which was adopted.
Husrh Hamilton, president St. Andrews
Society, Oakland, and D. R. McNeil), chief
of the Caledonia Club, delivered brief ad
dresses, expressing their sympathy with
the movement, , the latter jokingly ex
pressifg the hope that they would eoslow
till after the Caledonian games on May 30.
It was deci'ieu to send a circular to all
British societies on the coast and the
press, asking their sympathy and co
operation in making the celrbr&tion a suc
cess.
The meeting adjourned till next "Wednes
day night. ' -_
Calicoes v are colored by printing-ma
chines, as many printings being required
a a there are colors in the pattern.
ABE'S MONUMENT
IS SURE TO RISE
|The People Will Pay
Tribute to Lincoln's
Memory.
The Monument Is Growing in
Interest All Over the
Country.
A Greater D mmd for Membership
Certificates Than Was Ever
Anticipated.
The success of the local movement that
I has for its object the erection in San Fran-
I cisco of a monument to the memory and
1 glory of Abraham Lincoln and the ob
servance of "Lincoln day" is now
j assured. At the meeting of the gen
i eral committee of the Lincoln Monument
League Asaociatien last evenius: at 102
| O'Farrell street, the evidence of the gen-
I era! public interest was manifest in dozens
' of letters assuring the warmest support in
; the objects to be attained. Already the
I demand for certificates of membership,
J costinc only 2o cents each, is greater than
I the supply. The first edition of 20,000 has
| been turned out and are being issued at
j the rate of 2500 a day, at least a- fast as
the books in which they are being bound
can be dried. Such was the report of W.
P. Howe of tne priming committee.
Chairman Steele of the distributing
com mittee stated that the demand for
| certilicate-books in the public schools is
i indeed great. Tne pfitils are putting
| down t 1 eir names for certificates by the
'< bun dreds and anxiously awaiting the
! time when they will secure the evidence
iof membership in the association. Mr.
Bailey cited a oase where one little cir:
has collected $15 in two-bit pieces and
another of a toy 8 years of aj;e who has
i get bared $3 to the name end. It was de
! cided that the public schools shall be fur
| niched with certificates before any others.
That the movement is indorsed by the
head of the School Department is shown
I by the following letter read by the sec
j tary:
Your communication of the £'-M and 2Uth
I inst. received, together witb the programme
i fur ihe observance of Lincoln day, proposed
I by Elisha Brooks, chairman of the ooinniittbe
on schools and churches.
This programme meets with ray approval,
ana in due time it will be issued Irom this
office in fie form <>f a circular letter addressed
to the principals of the department. Very re
' spectfully yours, K. 11. Webstkr]
Superintendent oi Bcttools.
Cnairman Hanley of the literary com
! mit'ee stated that ne nad added the name
of Hugti M. Burke of The Call to the
committee. He hoped to eet the certifi
cates into the Oakland public schools. So
far they will be placed in the schools of
San Francsco, Oakland, Alameda. San
Jose, Santa Clara and several interior
cities. The Airo-Americans are also
keenly interested in the movement.
It was decided that the president, secre
tary, treasurer and quartermaster should
I constitute a committee to define the work
and scope of each committee, so that
there will be no confusion or conflict in
; the «■<■;■„.
A very interesting letter was received
j by President W. W. Stone from the Na
i tional American Worn .in Suffrage Asso
ciation headquarters, New York, which
reads as follows:
Lear Fir: Your letter is before me. I am
sure that all loyal women must sympathize
with the effort to build in San Francisco a
, Line la monument. That Lincoln was a great
in.'iii there Is no question, but in addition to
his being great the circumstances of his life,
his 3re at personality, his good humor, his
kmrl ics< and of justice, hnve all united
to make him beloved by tne American people
' beyond any other hero, I believe.
I should 'thltik it would be easier to build a
! monument for Liucoln than ior any other
! American. A National committee of women
to aid in the work I should think could be
easily obtained and would result in good feel
in c as well us good results.
There is in the United States an association
called the Council of Women. This is made
up of National organizations. Individuals are
not mem hers of it. Its membership is some
thing like SOO.OOO.
I ihink it would be far more effective and
satisiactory to engage tne interests of the
otticf-rs of this association rather than of the
suffrage association, which is of necessity
much smaller. 1 think you might do well to
write to Mrs. Mary K. Dickinson, Woman's
Council, Presbyterian building. Filth avenue,
Now York Cltr. With best wishes for the suc
cess of tins enterprise, 1 tun yours truly,
Carrie Chapman Catt.
It was decided to act upon the sugges
tion of the lady, and the secretary was
directed to communicate with Mrs. Dick
inson. Many similar letters were read
from various parts of the country and
from private citizens. A letter was read
from the secretary of the Union Leaeue
staling that this body had taken hold of
the matter in earnest, and had appointed
ex-Judge Cooney, T, L. Ford ana Colonel
Castle to represent the lea us in the gen
eral comm.ttee. Judge Cooney stated
that a list is already started in the Union
League, and a large sale of certificates is
promised. He said that the proposition
had rriet witb the greatest enthusiasm,
and that at least 200 certificates will be
disposed of very shortly.
Chairman Bailey of the reception com
mittee called up tue matter of celebrating
Lincoln's any in the public schools on
May 2S. In many place* in the East it is
celebrated on February 12. This inquiry
brought out the reply from the president
ihat the former nate had already been
selected lor this State and in the after
noon of that day veterans of the Grand
Army would entertain the children by
war stories and that exercises will re held
by the children themselves. Mr. Br6oks,
he stated, is tnaMftiog this feature.
Air. Stone further said that the Martha
Washington Council will give an enter
tainment in Union-square Hall on May
12 for the benefit of the Lincoln fund.
It was decided that after a little while
the names of all who became members of
the association, by the purchase oi cer
tificates and by donations, shall be puo
iisued.
AMATEUR BOXING BOUTS.
The San Francisco Athletic Club Gave
a Very Interesting Entertainment.
The San Francisco Athletic Club gave
one of its interesting amateur entertain
ments last evening in its rooms, 431%
Sixth street. A large crowd was prasent
and the spectators were highly pleased
with tne evening's sport.
Alex G reggains, the club's boxing in.
structor, who is matched to fight Steve
O'Donnell in June, came up from his
training quarters at Sargents station yes
terday and assisted the officers of "the
cud in their efforts to mixHe the enter
tainment a succe-s.
The boxing afforded great amusement.
Corcoran ami Kirchner sparrea four very
spirited rounds, and Sullivan met Schui
ler in a four-round bout, which was also
very entertaining. The evening's sport
concluded with a rattling four-round con
test between Young Sliarkey and Frank
McConnell.
DEATH OF MR. HIRSCHBACH.
The Former Musical Director of the
Tivoli Passes Away.
Joseph Hirschbach, the well-known
musician of this City, died yesterday
morning at a local sanitarium, where he
had been under treatment lor an extended
period.
Mr. Hirschbach formerly was the leader
of the Tivoli orchestra, and was al o
prominent in other musical circles. He
was about 35 years of age, and leaves no
family other than relatives in New York.
The funeral will be held to-morrow,
probably at the Temple Emanu-EI. At
the services the jnusic will be rendered by
the prominent singers irom the Tivoli
Opera-house, while the orchestra, under
the direction of Carl Martens, will also
assist.
SPECIAL CONVENTION KATES.
The Southern Pacific Will Make Re
ductions on Its Linos.
Special rates will be made by the South
ern Pacific Company from points on its
lines to San Francisco for those who de
sire to visit tnis City durin-: the Christian
Kndeavor Convention. Round trip
tickets from Portland will co«t $20, from
Opden $30 and from El Paso $40.
*'roru points distant 400 mile 3or less
from San Francisco one and a th'rd fares
will be charped for the round trip, and
from points more than 400 miles distant
the round trip fare will be one and a liith
of the lowest tirst-clnss rate.
The rates from intermediate points will
in no case exceed those charged from the
three terminals mentioned.
Iteulah Orphanage.
The second annual meetine of the Beulah
Orphanage was held at its offi:e, 218 McAllis
ter street, on Monday afternoon. Mrs. Mont
gomery, the superintendent , reported that
fifty children were admitted during the year.
Bight were placed in good homes, nine in
other institutions and twenty-live were re
turned to parents or friends, leaving a total
number of forty-six in tho orphanage. The
following directors weie elected ;cr the ensu
lnfcvear: Rev. J. \V. Ellsworth, president;
George S. Montgomery, vice-president; Mrs.
C. J. Montgomery, secretary and treasurer;
Mrs. O. K. Judd and Miss Annie Jones; Mrs.
Montgomery, superintendent >
KEVf TO-DAT-
"How dreadful !"
you say, "for grocers to sell
such horrid stuff 1"
What ! do you expect him
to starve to death for your
sake ? What are you to him
that he should try to reform
I your ideas about food ? You
are used to paying just so much
for spices, and the only way to
keep your trade is to sell spices
at that price —no matter
whether the spices are spicy
or not.
Same way with extracts, and
you get watery extracts.
Same way with tea — and
you get colored tea.
Same way with coffee and
you get— never mind what !
We know all about it; for we
make and sell all of these com-
— adulterated and not
adulterated.
The not adulterated are
Schilling's Best
tea baking powder
coffee spices
soda extracts
at your grocer's — money back.
A. Schilling & Company t
San Francisco 610
NEW TO-DA.Y— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVQLI OPERA-HOUSE
>iu»t£iiariccrrurjc übki.ix i. Proprietor <s Mauagsr
TO-KTiaST
THE SUCCESS OF THIS SEASON!
THE ROMANTIC COMIC OPERA,
AMUS. O'BRIEN"
. Vi< - )-J^ -^ > _ > -^ <> _ r> _ rv _ r> _ ) - vf T_ ) - o ->_ f^^
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
The Eminent .Barytone, In the title role.
'■. C — — SUPERB CAST •P.o^
Correct Costumes Appropriate Accessories.
New Scenery I Artistic Groupings
Popular Prices -250 and 500
Al PA7JID!t\ORMOIiS success
Wlpwf^fcPlll ! VI Steele Mackaye'a
iiela^coA-l.nt'»llle.airg. | Drama, ' •
"A NOBLE rogue
Don't Miss the Magnificent Sren'ry and Superb
Effects! The Most Kealistic Bridge Scene
• Kver Put Upon the stage!
GEORGE O-KODKXE SUGU TOLASD
And the Entire Company. '
Prices. 15c to 60a Telapbone lor Scan. Black 991.
GLEASON,
KING OF HOR3E-TAMERSI
And the aian-Eatlng Stallion,
tvi>,'^ j t_,oc3k:."
CENTRAL PARK'
SUNDAY AFTKKXOOX, MAX 2.
1- r!il i>- and Saturday Kveningg, April 30
and liar 1, at Mechanic!)' Pavilion.
THE CHUTES.
CHARLES CAVILL, SWIMMER,
will give exhibitions In the Chute Luke
EVERY AFI'KKNOON AND XV -;N'IN*G.
Celebration May Day— Children Free.
[ .\u.\ii:iiy.>, 10c. CUIIiDItKN, sc.
STEW TO-DAT." - ; . ; : : :r j-
Clothes for Youths
and for Boys.
We believe in teaching the young gentle-
men and little men of this place what good
clothes, stylish clothes, well-made clothes are.
We believe in teaching them by practical
demons t rations.
We will take your little man and fit him out
twice as handsomely as he can be fitted out any-
where else for the same amount of money that
you will pay here.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing ■,
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis. .
ALL BLUE SIGNS
ft> I>i fill fl» Tk Ith 11 Tli Tli Tli Tt Q. Oj
IfEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai-iiAVMjkN «fc«Ju. (Incorporated) iTj^:.j.j:i
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK
Every Night in Addition to the Regular
Performance.
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT.
Commencing Next Monday Ev'g., May 3
En,»;en:cnt limited to two weeks,
HDB WOLF T^
o :p:p c r\
HIS SPLENDID COMPANY.
Presenting for the entire two weeks
SOUSA'S BRILLIANT OPERA,
"el o^.^xT-A.ixr : "
SEATS BEADY TO-DAY.
-_ _ "
i riMCDLAn.ItR.<iOTTLOtS^ c?- ujiUAnonAnAttßj---
THE BIST YET !
The Monarch* of Mirth,
WARD AND VOn.ES (Percy and Haro'.d),
A Jolly Jumble I In tiig- satirical Farce.
of Jokes Just ! "A BUM ON TIIK HANK,"
to .Make I With SO Comedy Autborltiesas
You Laugh. - T;.". DejK>->ltors.
Crowded Houses I Secure Scats in Advance !
Matineo Saturday Only.
Regular Prices— 2sc, tOe, 75c and $1.00.
IWOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUKK MOROSCO...SOI9 Lessee and Jtaa»{j:
Second and Last Week of the Successful Kasteru
Actress,
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
In Her Original Characterization of EDITH LYN-
DON In Arnold Woltord's Beautiful Scenic
Romantic Melodrama,
"THE SMUGGLERS!"
A Play of the Sea Filled with True Senti-
ment and Thrilling Interest.
"Wonderful lrire on the Ocean!
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
Btatinees Saturday ainl Sunday.
THIS BEST BILL, GIVEN IN YEARS,
TKKMEKDOUS OVATION TO
TAOI -A.XT XT,
Phenomenal Male *-opri»no. Immediate h't of
SAliKi: and FANNY MIIXiLEY, Juvenile Char-
acter delineators; ED LaTKLLE, musical come-
dian; the AN DX tt>ONri, Colored ringing Cake
Walkew. and sir. ALBERTI anil Mme. OKLAN.
Dl in scenes from "Cannon" in costume.
A Big Olio of Novelties!
Reserved Seats, 25c; 80. cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box t-eats. Sue.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only *erie« Winter Racetrack in. America
RAW RACING
Racing From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday, May 1, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shina.
FIRST HACK AT 3 P. M.
Talc; Sonthern Pacific train* as Thirl an!
Townsend sis depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 c. m.
Fare for Bound Trip, including Ai«
mission to Urounds, ail. oo.
Take Misslon-sL electric line direct to trace
The Corrigan Stakes Monday, April 19.
1 he Spreckels Cup Saturday, April 24."
The California Hurdle Wi dnesiny. April 28.
'I he lngleside btakes. 4 miles, ruturday. May 1.
X K. AJNUKOLf, rresldenu
P. H. GREEN. Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL n P. H.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, Including Admission: Adults. 23c; Chil-
dren, 'JUc.
General AUmbnlun, loo: Chlldraa, oi
SUTRO BATHS.
MONSTER : MAYDAY : FESTIVAL !
1000 CHILDREN WOt TAKE PART
IN MAYPOLE DANCES,
Commencing at 10 o'clock and lasting all day.
admission 10c: Children Only sc.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR HAYRKSORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DL'VINQ THE
SEASON. Music, Danclnz, Bowling, Boat-
ing. Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices. Fare; round trip,
25c, Children lftc; Including admission to grounds.
,THE STEAMER IKIAII
Wilt leave Tlburon Ferry a: l«: 30 a. it.; 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 p. m. Returning, leave El Cumpo
at 1 1 :15 A. If , 1 :0 i). 3 :00 and 5 :00 p. m.
GRAND OPENING
Of the CLUBHOUSE In llAV\V,\Kn=! PARK,
at the Terminus of the BuKUTBIC KOAD.
on SUNDAY, May 2. 1887.
Full Military ORCHESTRA from 1 to 5 r. si.
.- The Clubhouse will be conducted under the
management of Mr*. Rachel liar ward, whoie
repu atlon as a purveyor and hostess has no equal
in tula t-tate. . - . . •
TaKe th» Oak'and Ferr--, leavlns the foot of
Market st. every tiour and half hour to ruitvale
station. he Hay wards electric cars make con-
nections-there for the park without change.
CONCERT EVERY SUNDAY durlnftne M&aoa.
78
A SETBACK
FOR THE
TEACHERS
The New Annuity Law
Said to Be Uncon
stitutional.
AUDITOR BRODERICK TO
FIGHT IT,
Declares That the Act of the
Legislature Will Not Hold
Water.
IT IS DISCRIMINATING IN ITS
EFFECTS.
The Watchman of th* City Treasury
Will Not Tura Pub ie Funds
Into Private Hands.
The Teachers' Annuity and Retirement
Yu- 1 Commissioners, recently organized
under the law passed by the last Legisla
ture, will run against a snag when it at
tempts to carry out the law passed by the
tiate soions.
Auditor Broderick has been giving the
matter serious thought for several days
past, and has come to the conclusion tnat
the law is unconstitutional, and that he
cannot conscientiously carry out the
assigned to him, that of signing n certain
demand for the transfer of a portion of
the School Department fund: ; , as contem
plated by the law.
"I am sorry to put this bar in the way
of the commission,'' said the Auditor yes
terday, 'for it appears that the teachers
are very much in favor of the new law,
but 1 cannot see my way clear, and I can
not afford, as the Auditor of ttns City,
and responsible for the demands on the
treasury, to do anything that will lay my
bondsmen liable to an action for the re
covery of the iunds paid out under an ille
gal act.
"I have given this matter 9er:ous con
sideration, and I find It to be full of flaws.
In several of its sections it is discrimi
nating, and I do not think that it will
hold water. The main trouble is that
while the mnds to pay the teachers re
tired annuities come partly out of the
School Department appropriation, the
commission is placed outside the au
thority of the City government and is
therefore in the position o: a private body
paining a portion of its support from i üb
lie money. This is, of course, an absurdity.
"This matter appears in section 10 of
the act, which reacts as follows:
t-ec. 10. The public schoolteachers' annuity
and retirement iund herein provided lor
Khali consist of the following, with the in
come mid interest thereof: (1) Twelve dol
lars (sl-) per school year ot the salaries paid
to all those subject to the burdens of this act
in each couu.y or consolidated city and
county shall be deducted irojn the warrants
for salary and raid by the Treasurer of tne
county or consolidated ciiy or county to the
public Behooltc-acUers' retirement fund com
misjionersof said county or city and county;
and v shail be the duty of the setretarv of tue
Board of Education in every incorporated city
or town or consolidated city and county anil
the secretary of tae board of" trustees of every
school district outside of such city and towu
or consolidated city and county to note in
each warrant the amount to l>e deducted by
tne treasurer. (II) AH money* received
from gi!.-s bequests and devises, or from en y
other source. (Ill) All money, pay, compen
sation or salary lorfcited, deducted or with
hold from tne warrant or demand ior salary
ot any teacher or teachprs for and on account
of absence from duty fru:a any cause, wnich
the hoard of Education of every incorporated
city or town, or the Board of Tiustees of every
school district outside of sucn city or town,
may appropriate and set apart for the alore
hatd fund; and said Hoard of Education or
Boards of Trustees are nereby empowered to
apl>roprlftte .>:ucii moneys or any jiart thereof
for sucii fund; provided, that in consolidated
cities and counties alter the establishment of
on annuity fund therein.it is iiereby made the
duty of Boards of Education to appropriate,
monttily, at ieasi oue-halt of such moneys
for fcucii iund.
"This, you see, provides that half of the
money that is gained by the City and
County through the deductions from
teachers' salaries because of absence must
be turned into the annuity fund. These
are clearly public funds and must, if the
law holds, be turned over to the private
body. It cannot be done legally, and
when the warrant for the transfer of that
money comes down to me, as it must, I
will refuse to sign it and test the law in
that way.
"Section 8 of the act discriminates be
tween teachers now in ihe department
and those who may come in later, and I
believe that also renders it unconstitu
tional.
"Then there is section 6. that provides
for the appointment of a committee of rive
to pass on applications for retirement.
The commissioners must act as this com
mittee desires, and it gives a chance for a
combination by which the friends of a
majority oi the committee may help their
friends in a very substantial way. Of
courEe I do not cay that such a thing
would occur, but it might, and we cannot
take chances.
"There are other sections to which
serious objection might be made, and on
the whole I do not think the law will hold
water. It will have to be tested by the
courts and upheld before I will sign any
warrants transferring the funds."
The Tecci;ers : Annuity and Retirement
.fund Commissioners are Mayor Pnelan,
president; City Treasurer Widber, treas
urer, and Superintendent of Schools Web
ster, secretary.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion last evening Chairman Waller of the
.Finance Committee, in his emimate of the
appropriation necessary for the coming
ii-cal year, placed the amount to be turned
into the teachers' retirement and annuity
fund at $14,400.
I* Not a Public Street.
The Supreme Court has ellirsned the decision
of the lower court in the case of San Joaquin
County against George B. Sperry and wile.
The plaintiff enaeavored to have declared as a
public highway a etrip of land running
-Jir.mgh tne Kperry aduitiou of the ciiy of
rtockton. The l»nd is not within the corpor
ate limitsof the ciiy. .Sperry sold a number
of lots to home-seekers with the distinct under
standing that the streets, although laid out.
had not been and would not be dedicated to
the city or opened to public use. Judgment
■was given ior the defendants on the ground
that during all time the streets were never
opened »o the general travel of the public,
and this position was upheld by tho Supreme
Court.
Death of Kdwin .). Grady.
Edwin J. Grsdy of 503 Golden Gate avenue
was found dead in bis bed yesterday morning.
The deceased had been under the care of a
physician for some time, and was being treat
ed for cancer In the stomach. He was room
ing nt the residence of his sister, Mrs. Kate
Fishbourne. His brother is John U. Grady,
ex-Tax Collector of this City.
There being no doubt that Grady died from
natural causes, the Coroner did not remove
the body to the Morgue.
THE NEW CHIEF JUSTICE OF SAMOA.
William L. Chambers, the newly appointed Chief Justice of Samoa, arrived here
yesterday from Washington, D. C, on the way to his post, and will sail on the
Monowai this evening. His family will probably follow him soon. All would have
gone together, as the Justice says, but his little daughter has an affection of the eyes
and is at present under the care of a New YorK specialist.
Justice Chambers was formerly United States Land Commiskioner in Samoa, and
is well informed in regard to the effairs of the islands. He succeeds Chief Justice Ide
of Vermont, who resigned January 1 last. The position is for life, like other judicial
places r.y appointment.
"The court is already organized there," said Justice Chambers to a Call repre
sentative, "so there isn't much to »ay about that. I had a great many applications
for position? as secretary and for marshalships and other places. However, I told
them all that the place? were filled, at least for the present, as the men there all
understand the work well.
"The Chief Justice occupies a rather unique position. He has the veto power, in
case of any disagreement between the municipal council and the three national
consuls, on ths Jaws that are passed. Unaer the tripartite treaty of Berlin, the three
powers, Germany, England and the United States, are all represented by consuls, and
all of the^e Governments appointed me to this office. They all joined.
"Mr. Cleveland first appointed me, and four days after that I got a letter from
Germany saying I had been appointed dv that country, and this letter was written
eight days before Cleveland appointed me. A little later England, which ha» always
been friendly to us in the island matters, notified me of appointment The position
of Chief Justice is for life, or at least as long as the present treaty stipulations exist."
Justice Chambers' home was, until he settled at Washington, D. C, three years
ago, at Sheffield, Ala. He says Judge Ida will not immediately return here. He will
go on around the world and meet his daughter, who is in Germany.
HONOR AWAITS
THEM TO-NIGHT
League of the Cross Cadets
Ready for the Competi
tive Drill.
Bishop Montgomery Has Come
From Los Angeles for the
Event.
General Jsmes Will Review the Boys
and Prominent Guardsmen Will
Be Present.
The competitive drill of the League of
the Cross Cadets that takes place at Me
chanics' Pavilion to-ni^ht will be a notable
event both from a military standpoint
and from the prominence of the people |
who will witness it.
Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles,
who was the founder of the league and
who presented the magnificent diamond
trophy for which the youngsters will com
pete, has come up from his southern
home for the special purpose of being
present at the drill, and he will occupy a
prominent position in the exercises in
company with Archbishop Kiordan and
other eminent Catholic dignitaries.
Bishop Montgomery takes particular
pride in his beys and their work, and it is
quite likely that he will establish a simi
lar organization in Los Angeles.
A review previous to the drill has been
tendered to Major-General N. T. James,
division commander of the National
Guard of California, and other prominent
guardsmen in the persons of General
Warfield and his staff. Cal Smith and the
other officers of the First Regiment, Na
tional Guard, will be present in their full
uniforms.
Co'onel Commanding William P. Snlli
van Jr. of the cadets has worked long and
faithtully to bring the companies up to
their present state of efficiency, and those
who have seen them drill say that they
compare favorably with any of the com
panies of the National Guard.
The excitement among the lads them
selves is intense from the fact that only
four companies will compete, the fortu
nate ones having been chosen at a recent
tryout. The four companies will be noti
fied of their selection immediately after
the review, and up to that time will not
know of the honor that avails them.
The assemblage will be addressed by
B.shop Montgomery, wno will speak of
the history of the organization and of the
benefits that have accrued to its members
and to the community generally since it
was formed. •
One of the pleasing features of the en
tertainment will be a concert by the
league band, numbering forty pieces,
which will discou^e sweet music, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock and lasting until tho
drill begins. This aggregation will also
furnish the marches for the drill. This is
the band's first appearance, but it has
been practicing steadily under competent
leaders.
No seats will be sold at the Pavilion to
day, hut all who desire to attend can pro
cure them at Sherman <fc days up to 5
p. M. The Pavilion has been handsomely
decorated lor the occasion.
Grand or I'etty Larceny.
An interesting: point was made by the Su
preme Court yesterday in the appealed case
cf Harry McElroy, convicted of grand larceny.
McElroy and James Shaw hnd their teds close
together in the open air. The latter used his
trousers, containing $17, ns his piliow. Dur
ing the night the garment was abstracted and
the money stolen. McKlroy was charged ana
convicted of grand larceny. The point in the
apppiil was that under the law tne crime
charged wes not Brand larceny. This was up
held Dy the Supreme Court," which decided
that the crime was at the most petty larceny
as the money was not taken from the person
ol Shaw. A new trial was ordered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
WARRANTS FOR
HOG RANCHERS
Five of Them Must Answer
for Vioiating the Ordi
nances.
Returned to Old Locations After
Having Promised Not to
Do So.
The Board of Health Has Opened a
Crusade That Will Be Vigor
• ously Prosecuted.
Tho Board of Health has reopened its
cru?sde against, the hog ranchers, who
have been treating the law as though it
had no existence, with renewed vigor, and
prosecutions will follow in rapid succes
sion until all have complied with the
ordinances or the board nas found itself
powerless to enforce the same. The
matter is of vast interest and importance
to the thousands of people who live in
ths outlying districts, and the action of
the health authorities will be hailed with
delight.
Several months ago the board attempted
to make a number of hog ranchers respect
the law and swore out warrants for their
arrest. The matter was not pressed be
cause the ranchers aereed io move out
side the limits specified and fixed by th«
Board ot Supervisors, and they did so.
Since ttien, however, a number have re
turned to their old haunts and are carry
ing on tneir business as. of yore and as
though the ordinance banishing them
from residence districts did not exist.
This is particularly the case in the Bay
View district, where the country is rapidly
building up. A, number of complaints of
the insanitary condition of the pens in
S that section have recently been made.
The residents say the stench is unbeara
ble and threaten to move unless the nuis
ance be abated.
The Health Department took cogni
tance of the matter a lew cUys ago and
I directed Inspector Kinney, in whose dis
[ trict the ranches are located, to procure
evidence that could be used to convict the
hoe men in the Police courts.
Yesterday five warrants were sworn out
and placed in the hands of Special Health
OBicer Butterworth, with instructions to
serve them. The ranchers will make a
lesal fight and have arranged to give bail
through their attorneys without going to
jail.
Tnose for whom warrants were issued
| are: Joe Leach, Twenty-ninth avenue,
between H and I streets; George Stam
bausjl), II street, corner of Nineteenth ave
nue; Edward Svenaon, Thirty-third nve
nue, near I street; John Garabaldi, Thirty
third avenue, between I and J streets;
| John Karren, Thirty-lirst avenue, between'
J and X streets.
Leach, Garabaldi and Farren are the
men /or whom warrants were previously
sworn out, and all recently returned to
their old locations after having promised
not to do so.
When the Bay View district has been
attended to others will be taken up and
the law enforced to the letter.
Admitted to Practice.
The Supreme Court yesterday admitted the
following forty-five lawyers to practice before
that tribunal : Albert D. Ayres, Thomas J.
Riordan, James \V. Caldwell, D. J. Hall, It. R.
Bell. Thomas J. Donohoe, William J. Attridge,
George C. Congdon, J. J. Henderson, George B.
Wilson, Charles P. Kaetzei; P. R. Lune, R. D
Mead, Tyndall Bishop. E. F. Barnum, E. D.
Cleary, Henry French, A. W. Linforth, Joseph
L. Naylor, S. B. Russell, A. F. Snulte. William
,'■ H " ch - - ) V - i'earce. William H. Conly. H.A.
Blanchard. W. S. Johnson, Theodore Johnson.
I. Klvillick, H. H. Hindry. J. W. Coan.William
B. Beaizley. Fred L. Fcybolt. V. C. Hatfield,
Charles W. Cobb, F. H. Thorpe. B. F. Rector!
L. A. Press, ey, E. W. Campbell. F. 6. Jackson,
A. K. Andriano, Armin Hartratb, P. R. Raish.
V h r T\?r., Hawley « ch * l" H. Stilion and
John J. ills. ; .
CREATURE OR TOOL
IN ALLEGED LIBEL
Attorney S. M. Shortridge
Reads Some Defi
nitions.
Dan M Burns and Dan T. Cole
Were John F. Sheehan's
Bondsmen.
Three Times They Assumed That
Eurden, and Attorney Watt Also
Had a Three-Fold Obligation.
Whether Judge J. C. B. Hebbard was or
was not the "creature" or "tool" of de
signing men has turned out to be the most
important point in the libel case against
Editor Frederick Marriott of the News
Letter, now on trial in Judge Dainger
lield's court.
Samuel M. Shortridge in his opening
statement on behalf of Mi. Marriott an
nounced that he expected to justify the
use of the words to which objection was
made by showing that Judge HebDard,
either wittingly or unwittingly, had Deen
used by designing men to further their
own selfish ends.
At the morning session yesterday Mr.
Shortridge read from the records of Judge
Hebbard's court to show that General
John P. Sheehan had been appointed re
ceiver of the People's Home Savings Bank
three times by judge Hebbard, and that
in each case his bondsmen were Colonel
Dan M. Burns and Dan T. Cole, the
amount of the bond being $50,000.
Another document was introduced to
show that Judge Hebbard relieved the re
ceiver from all liability under I, is bond
upon bis being chosen as manager of the
same bank, and exonerated his bondsmen,
without requiring an accounting from
him, as the" law directs; also that his
friend James Alva Watt was attorney for '
Receiver Sneehan and for the bank at the
same time.
Then came readings of definitions of
the words "creature" and "tool," concern
ing which so much has been said. The
following was quoted from the Imperial
Dictionary:
Creature, v [0. Fr. creature, L L. creature.
See create]. 1. That which is created; a
thing.
Water, a creature so common and needful.—
fuller,
cod's first creature was light. — Bacon.
2. A created being; any living being.
Yet crime la her could never creature find.—
Spenser.
lor so work th« hon«y bees,
Creatures that by a rule in nature teach
The a. i of order to a peopled kingdom.
— -"hufcesppare.
Millions of spiritual creature* walk th» earth
Unseen, both when we wake and when we sleep.
-Miliou.
3. A human being, in contempt or endear- i
cunt; as, an idle creature; what a creature!
a pretty creature; a sweet crecture.
Poor creature,— Johnson.
The world hath not a sweeter creature.—Shakes
peare.
4. A person who owes his rise and fortune to
another; one who is subjjet to the will or in- !
fluence ol another; a . instrument; a tool.
Great princes thus, when favorites they praise,
To Justify their cruet their creatures r .is«?.
— liryden.
Both Charles himself and his creature i.aud.
Macaulay.
Touching the word "tool" the sub
joined from the Century Dictionary was :
quoted:
Tool, n. 1. A mechanical implement; any I
implement used by a craftsman or laborer at ,
his work, etc.
2. Relates to use of tools by ether workers.
3. One who or that which is made a means
to some end; especii.l y a person so used; a
mere instrument to execute the purpose of an
other; a cats paw.
4. A useless or shiftless tellow. * • * In
figurative use instrument is generally em
ployed n a good sense, but tool in a dishonor- I
able and contemptuous sense; we speak of a j
mttu as the instrument of providence, or as a
mere tool ol cunning men.
"In the sense of a dependent being," |
Mr. Shortridge added, " 'English common
law is the creature of Christianity.' 'Am
I not here whom you have made your ]
creature, that I owe my being to?' These \
lines, gentlemen, are from the pen of Ben '
Jonson."
The last definition of the term pro- '
pounded by Mr. Shortridge evoked sud
aued applause. He said: "The word is
used, gentlemen of the jury, quite com
monly in the light of an intoxicating
drink, especially whisky."
Mr. Shortridee further quoted: "'Every '
creature of God is good,' " which appeared I
to imply that while some brands oi whisky j
might b« better than others, there was
probably no bad whisky.
" 'I find my master took too much of the
creature last night, and Is angling for a
quarrel,'" pursued Mr. Shortridge, quot- !
ing from Dryden's "Amphitryon," and
thus ended the lesson in the use of an im
portant word in the English language.
Counsel for the prosecution in the course
of the trial more than once virtually con
fessed that a charge of libel could not be
maintained on the use of the word "creat
ure." They were therefore confined to
the construction which could be put on
the word "tool."
It was noted that Deputy District At- I
torney Hinkle was unusually quiet during
the day's proceeding, but Julius Kahn,
special attorney for the prosecution, was
as bustling and full of objections as ever.
James Alva Watt was called to the wit
ness-stand by the defendant's attorney.
Mr. Watt said he had been an attorney
at-law for fourteen years, and confessed
to a wide acquaintance with prominent
eentlemen. including General John F.
Sheehan, General Samuel ■W. Backus,
General W. 11. H. Hart, Colonel George
Stone. Judce Hebbard, Lawyer H. W.
Hutton and Attorney T. Carl Spelling.
Mr. Wati and Judge Hebbard had been
friends for sixteen years, but were not
schoolmates.
Mr. Watt had also met T. H. McCarthy.
a member of the depositors' committee of
the People's Home Savings Bank. When
an effort was made to draw out a conver
sation between Watt and McCarthy,
which would tend to show the intimate
relations existing between Watt and
NE.W TO-DAY.
S 1 000 .RE W" AT? D Dr. rierre'ii Patent Galvan'c Chain Belt Is positively guaranteed
2ErtH -r.Yi. Ji^' JyJXIJ. to be the most perfect electric be.t now madeln any par: of the
?22« .h J 8 M . far BU P erlor to 'be cheaply gouen up but extensive y advertised so-called electric bir!
vow or, the market i. an trie mmi p-r|.,r lo that of a tallow c»nd,e. For a firs "class bi v
with all modern Improvements, at a Moderate Prick. j.atronUo an old-established and reliab> Hrm
nH'L y i°f»S i . l i, 11lO l no Minn to . c Ilplahl of having been swindled out of >oar money hv^
Judge Hebbard, the attorney for the pros
ecution objected vociferously. The scene
was very lively.
Mr. Shortridge— Do you recall a conversa
tion with Mr. McCarthy in Mr. Huttou's office
in which
Mr. Khlm — Right here we object.
The court— What is the ground of the objec
tion?
Mr. Shortridge— Your Honor, I had not
finished my question and counsel doe? not
know whether he objects or not. I protest
against the irrepressible Mr. Kahn's methods.
The court— Counsel for the prosecution is
certainly not in order. Counsel for the de
fense has a right to state his question.
This surprised the lawyer for the prose
cution, as he had begun to think he could
have everything just to suit himself.
Mr. Shortridge (to witness)— Do you recall
that conversation in which you spoke of Judge
Helbnrd's willingness to modify the People's
Home Savings Bank Injunction under certain
circumstances?
Mr. Watt— I do. I was talking with Mr. Hut
ton when Mr. McCarthy came in.
Mr. Shortridge— Did you insist that Receiver
Sheehan should be a member of the new
board as a condition of allowing a reorganiza-
Mr. Watt— l may have suggested it, but I
don't remember that I insisted on it. I am
willing to state the entire conversation so far
as I remember it.
Mr. Shortridge— Did you say to Mr. McCarthy
that Judge Jlcbbard was your friend, and
that you would use your influence to prevent
a modification of the injunction by Judge
Heboard unless Mr. Sheehan were included in
the new list of directors?
Mr. Watt — Not in those words, and not as
imp. ied in your question. I will explain the
conversation if you will permit me to do so.
Mr. Shortridge— That is your right. Please
give your explanation.
Mr. Wat— 1 siid substantially that I was
satisfied Judge Hebburd would not modify the
li junction unless he was satisfied that a fair
board of directors would be chosen. Some
thing was said about my being a" lriend of
Judge Hebhnr-l, but I laid claim to no greater
or other influence than a lawyer with a just
CRUse would iiave before a court.
Mr. Shortridge— Did you say to Mr. Mc-
Carthy that tin; ess Mr. Sheehan would be put
in the new directorate his plan for reorganiza
tion couldn't go?
Mr. Watt— Not in those words. I went to
Mr. Mutton's office to adjust the difficulties. I
suggested General Sheeuan as a good man for
the place. He had been appointed receiver by
Judge Hebbard, and would doubtless have
been acceptable to Judge Hebuard as a
director.
Mr. Shortridge— Were you Mr. Sheehan's
attorney at that time?
Mr. Watt— Yes.
Mr. Shortridge— And subsequently attorney
for the bank?
Mr. Watt— Well, yes. I was elected attorney
by the directors.
Mr. Shortridge— And acted as such attorney
for the bank while still attorney for the re
ceiver?
Mr. Watt— Yes, part of the time. I appeared
as attorney ior the bank before the receiver
was discharged.
Mr. Shortridge— While attorney for both the
receiver and ior the bank did you appear as
attorney for certain stockholders?
Mr. watt— l represented some stockholders
at that time. Ido not remember that I signed
any papers as attorney lor such stuckho.ders
duriug that time, but I may have done so.
There was a great deal of .itigation and 1 was
asked to help straighten out the tangle.
In the afternoon Mr. Watt went into an
explanation of the court proceedings
winch followed the failure of the bank.
Mr. Kahn said tue cross-examination
would be bief. He asked if t.e had con
sulted with Judge Hebbard in regard to
w at the Judge would do in regard to
modifying the injunction.
Mr. Shortridge said tne question was
objectionable ior the reason ihat calling a
man a tool is not 'a reflection on the char
acter of a Judte. It does nut imply moral
turpitude. Il designing men should con
federate to impose on a c. urt and succeed
in carrying out their plan it may be said
that they made v tool ol the court — un
wittingly, it may be, but the fact remains,
and tne court would not arraign the man
who said the court had been made a tool
of, but would Dunish those who took ad
vantage of the court. The dictionaries
read in the presence of the jury showed
that the word "tool" merely means a
catspaw. In the old story "it waa the
monkey that used the paw of the cat to
draw the chestnuts from the fire, and so
it is here. Th-re was no reflection on the
cat; but somebody had beea "monkey
ing" with the court.
The assumption that the court knew
nothing of the matter made it ali the
stronger, said Mr. (Shortridge, for it would
be unlikely that designing men who in
tended to make use of a Judge would tell
him of it; in any view the question is im
material.
Judge Dam ertield said there are two
meanings of the word tool. The ordinary
sense of the word is bad, but the word may
be used harmlessly. He thought the State
had r rigli: to show whether Judge Heb
bard was made aware of Mr. Watt's alleged
boasts.
The question was pllowed and Mr. Watt
said he did not tell Judge Hebbard any
thing about it,
Mr. Shortridge said that he regretted
that the attorneys for the State insisted
on trying Judge Heb^ard instead of the
defendant, and called General John F.
Fheetian, who said he had held several
offices, notably Registrar of the United
States Land Office, brigardier-general,
adjutant-general, Bank Commissioner,
and now is secretary and treasurer of the
Yosemite Park Com miss on, with a salary
of $75 a month and much responsibility.
He had got to the point of acknowledging
the existence of a warm friendship bo
twesn himself and Judge Hebbard when
T. H. McCarthy, one of the unhappy
People's Home Savings Bank depositors,
entered the courtroom, and Mr. Sheehcn
temporarily gave up his place on the
witness-stand.
Mr. McCarthy was asked by Mr. Short
ridge to tell theconversa;ion that occurred
between him and Mr. Wait in Mr. Hut
ton's office, bat Mr. Hinkle objected un
less the attorney for the defenaant could
show that Judge Hebbard knew of what
Mr. Watt had promised or boasted.
Mr. Stiortridae said he could prove only
one thing at a time. He proposed to prove
that Mr. Watt had boasted of his influence
and that afterward things came out just
as he had said.
Judze Daingerfieid remarked that the
rule of law as he understood it required
that tfce defense must, show the intent of
Judge Hebbard in order to establish justi
fication.
Not at all, Mr. Shortridge contended.
Judge Hebbard was not on trial. He was
not tryine to convict Judge Hebbard, but
to acquit Mr. Marriott. The existence of
Judge Hebbard is a mere incident in this
trial. He taicJ that he had drawn atten
tion time after time to the fact that Judge
Hebbard's knowledge of this conversa
tion is immaterial as a matter of law, yet
as a matter of fact he would be able to
show that Judge Hebbard had full knowl
edge of all the facts from beginning to
end.
At this point an adjournment was taken
until 10 o'clock this morning.
Franoo-Californlan Company Incorpo
rated.
The Franco-Californian Publishing Company
hnsbeen incorporated by H. a Martin, Sylvain
Weill. J. M. Dur»s. P. Berues. A. Ctjaißueau.
Lonis Lnruze and P. A. JBergeroi, with a capital
Ktock of $25,000.
BARTLETT SPRIGS !
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowline Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays daily ; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
$6 per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
Lock ted em a flowering slope from the beach.
surpassed view of
l>each, Bay and Mountain*.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Reasonable Rates.
For t rms address
JOHN T. SULLIVAN, Blanager.
ft b n b 9 #\ 0% hot spring
II |1 II M ll a B I Monterey conn-
I H il n l 0 U Carlsbad of
I nl l ni v y t^u^i
are, climate, accommodation*. scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plun;a
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
Ease treatment, hunting and Canine, children's
I laypround. croquet and dance ball for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young; and old. Take train Third '
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. St.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, .*B. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and FostotHce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address K. IiUBKitT-SOX. Manaeer.
It. §>^u*\9?> . Coi.
CALIFORNIA'S MOST KNJOVABLE "RE-
\_^' sort" : noted for its Curatlv- I'ow«?rs of the
spring- Best equip. .Mlfieral Bat);s ill Lake. Co.
Rates to suit all. Also finest fa'jiiiOeH for camp-
Inc. For particulars a:.pl.v to P. MAIiTEX-,
l'rop., Bachior P. 0., Lake County. Cai.. or in San
Francisco at 416 Pine st. ■ FK.\ KA. BU- SE.
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Hay, situated on C:ear La'-ce, Is most pic-
turesque. Spring is famom for the vast volume ]
Of delicious sodawater. Hunting, fishini;, boating !
and swim mint; are unsurpassed anywhere/ Trie
table is supp ied with tin; very best the market
affords, and the comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Daily stage from Pieta to
Soda Hay direct. Fare from San Frajcisco f5 60; !
round trip CIO. ■■ \,., -■.:■;;■.::-.
F. i!. Hfc. TH. proprietor, Soda Bay, Kelaey-
ville. Lake County, Cai. •
ft 1/ A AflAI HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf Bl'l'V' to, only 4 1/2 nouri from
■1 II Ullll ■« s an i-rancisco, and but 9
VIinUUU miles' staging. Waters !
noted for their medicinal virtues and Renonlly i
conceded to be the finest natural bath water In sue '
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express: well-stocked trout streams. Round trio !
from San Francisco oniv $5 SO. Take Tiburou !
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 v. m. Terms, 82 a day
or if 1 - a week.
J. F. MPLGBEW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKK COMNIY,
THIR DULIGHTFUL WATEKIXG-PLACE IS
X located in the mid tof the I oast Itauce.
AbanUance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge batns. large swimming-tank of mineral
water, line stone dining-room: telephone con-
nections, electric Ilshts, livery accommodation;
good trout-Hshlntj and hunting. Round-trip tick-
ets at !>. P. oflice*, $10.
JOHN yPAULDINO, Proprietor.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
HMILVS FROM URIAH. FINK FISHING
1 n. and huntine. Baths tree. Water sure cure for
rheumatism and all skin diseases. Round trip
$9 50. Board. $7 per week. J. IL ORR, Orr Post-
office, Mendocino County, Cal.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRIXGS.
LAKE COUNTY,
milE GREATEST HEALTH-GIVING WATER
1 in America. Specific for ail stomach, liver
kiilni-v and bladder troub es. New ho^el. new
management. Terms. $8 10 $10 per week For
part 11:. address W. K. Me JOVKRX, Ke'sey-
vil Lake ( 0., or DR. McGOVERN, 1577 Fol-
-1.0111 street, Una Francisco.
HOWARD SPRINGS.
•P. 0. , Putah. Lake County.
TJENOVATED AND IMPROVED; ACCOM-
It modatlons and table service strictly first class-
slo * 1-'; special terms to families: postofflce and
telephone on premises; round trip *10: tickets at
Southern Pacific offices: finest batlis in Lake
County. WALLACE sPATJLbING. Mana° crT
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
-riAVORITE RESORT OF THE STATE- THE
X water is unexcelled for medicinal nurooies-
lab unsurpassed: fine fishing an 1 him tine stale
daily from . alistoen ulrect, 1, springs: "osnd trin
at toutnern I'aciHc ollices $10 T)h v- *
PHATHKR, Adam SprlnK-t. ' A
LAUREL GLEN FARM
piNE SPRING WATER; PLKNf V OF Mil X
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
Sg.'g r » r V"'°'- *"•<" *Sl?Z'k\tZl%
MOTEL DB THORNTON,
rim I S TT '; I! VALLEY. r
LAUREL DELL.:
PLa^fJ^pCATKDON LAURKLDELL
is now one of the n. . ro ? mi new ****** st » b| "
Lake County 1 a L. S i i w Ur i c 1 ti%v outin X P»~~ i! 1
and lw.li lo » la I'^rw^K. IJoatlng
GLENBROOK,
oin u,o III?. M i?, BT CHARMING RESORTS
ins. txceilent t»hf ln V cenery « huntin B a .d ftah-
Inibrm.tiob «i« -« For clrcill '"-» and further
orookTi l^ S2SSS?. cL w> XKKI)WAY ' yiea -
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
r-
•^l M^^tr > f_"BiiT'~~"'''"~i
New hotel erected this spring Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Finest dining-room north of San Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, Hunting and tishln;;
s»imming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc
TAKK ST UK AT PIKTA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Round trip from San Francisco $8.
Kates $l(Tto $16 per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
S. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery st.
SASTA CATALIiI ISLMD!
SEASON OF 1897.
Greatest Attractions in the West
Charming climate, wonderful natural attrac-
tion*, famous fiahing and wild goat shooting. The
new scenic ride from the ocean to Middle itanch.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. i)e-
-llßhtfu coast «X' ursions. Novel outdoor sports.
Cirand concerts every day. Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa er Carnivals, etc.
Hotel Metropole al«avs open, remodeled and
enlarged, new addition, elegant rooms with bath.
Grand ballroom, etc., ready this season. Island
Villa opens Jn y 1.
Full information, rates and illustrated pamphlets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
222 S. SPRING ST.. LOS ANGHLES CAL.
HOTEL ROWARDESJAS,-
TnE PICTURESQUE SPOT OF BEN LO-
MOND, in the sa ;n Cruz Mountains. New
hotel ana rus ie cottages, confining 60 rooms,
ALL HAItU FINISHED, with large closets.
, Two tennis ; O'-rt* and howling a'ley. Bulldlncs.
; groun is nd river lighted by electricity. a mile
.■ ■ river for b-tatiiig, ..ouni trip tiikeis. *3 For
' particulars addre 3 s THUS. L. BELL, Fropiietor,
Den i..iiiiotni, i a.
! CASTLE ~CRAG,
SHASTA COUNTY,
QUEEN OF ALL HOUNTAIN RESORTS.
The Tavern of Castle Crag will open for tne re-
ception of guests June 15. -
i ._ GKORR,, S. HOXKWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building, .-an Francisco.
>ETNA SPRINGS.
HIHERE IS healing IN THE WATERS
X (for Rheumatism. Malaria, Nervousness, Dvs-
pep ia, Diabetes etc); mere is life In the a: r;
SWimmiiui tank, tub and steam baths; fine hotel;
amusements. Rates, $10 to $14. '1 ake 7 :30 a m.
Southern Pacific train for st. Helena; stage con-
nects at 10. .50 A. M. . Unlimited round-trip t-ckets
*7. Particulars at 318 Battery st., ,or of W. L.
MITCHELL, Lidell Postottic?, Napa County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTKL, SO-
noma Valley; 2 hours lorn San Francisco via
Tlburon ferry. (>. F. & N. P. K. R. : \v:,rm mineral
swimming and tub baths: hotel compie ely remod-
eled, enlarged rnnd*omeivre;ur:ii«hed: water,
Ka*. electric bells in all rooms; $10 10 $12 per
week, $2 per day. Address At;ua Caliente springs,
Aqua Caliente, Sonoma County, CaL
GOOD JSOAI D OB RANCH, SUBURBS OP
1 uistoKa: plenty fr<-sh eggs, butter chickens
and milk: $« and 57 week; hot minera' baths
MRS. J. MONTGOMERY. C'Hlisto?a. NapaCo.,CaL
GENTLEMAN AND WIFE CAN BE ACCOM-
"J modatea with summer board, with all the
comforts of a home; large grounds and garden.
| Address box 19, Menlo Park.
ANDERSON SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
X\. open May 10: telephone connections- w he
for circular Address J. AN DE ■ v.Middletown.
' TOE
WEEKLY
OHLL
c^ It Publishes the Cream of th«
rV News of the Week and
°{ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
A ORIGINAL FEATURES.
"j IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
~*S Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
» litical News.
o/ It's the Paper to Send East If
You Want to Advertise
~j California.
3 " \ -/~
j7) The Best \ / Mining
*j Telegraphic \/ News That
I°S Service on / V Is Accurate
c< The Coast / \& up to data
« y~ x .
■• °i Not a Line of it Sensational
« or Faky, and Not a Line of
ok it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER rOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
J #- =
rJ Bright, Clean. A Champion of
°\ Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
5 ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°) HO^E MAIL, 51.50 ,
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
pi THE CALL SPEAKS FORDISAGREE
UPON THE
ISSUES
Counsel in the Fair Case
Again at Logger
heads.
JUDGE CURTIS' MAIDEN
SPEECH.
He Argues for Simplicity in the
Enlightenment of the
Jury.
LANDLORD CASSOU ON THE
GRIDDLE.
He Essays to Explain Why He Muti
lated the Register of the
Parisian Hotel.
One more effort was made yesterday
morning by tDe attorneys representing the
contending sides in the litigation over
Mrs. N'jttie Craven's deeds to property
claimed by the Fair estate, to agree upon
the exact issues involved and to be pre
sented to the jury. But failure again at
tended their efforts, and it will now be the
province of Judge Slack to determine this
momentous point.
The entire forenoon of yesterday's ses
sion was given over to the argument of
this proposition, and in consequence the
jury was given a half holiday. Mr. Del
mas did not do the talking for the de
fense on this occasion, tnat taslc being as
signed to his associate?, General DicLin
son and Judge Curtis, the celebrated New
York probate lawyer. This was the lat
ter's ileimt as an actual pleader in the
case, and he made a most favorable im»
• t>res«ion as an able, logical and eloquent
Ei'eaker.
General Dickinson opened the argument
by presenting the issues tnai the defense
c<nsi.je:s would be proper to present to
the jury. These were short and simple.
Incidents and Actors of Another Day in the Fair Case.
They were four in number as follows:
First, whether the deed to the Pine and
Sanßome streets property was genuine;
second, as to the deed to the Eleventh and
Mission streets property; thinl and fourth,
the genuineness of the acknowledgments
to these respective deeds.
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler offered the
imbues proposed Dy the executors and the
intervenor, Miss Virginia Fair. They
were: First— The claim of Mrs. Craven to
the property in question based upon two
deeds purporting to have been executed
by Senator Fair in her favor and to have
been acknowledged by Notary J. J. Cooney
on September 27, 1894. Second — Does she
claim to have Decorue possessed of the
property by meame of the deeds in ques
tion? Third — Are thf deeds in question
merely forgeries? Fourth — Were they
executed after the death of Senator Fair?
Fifth — "Were the deeds acknowledged
while Fair was alive and while Cooney
was a notary?
Judge Curtis then took the floor and ar
gued in support of the defense's sugges
tions. He said their rirst virtue was their
simplicity. They were well within the
pale of the pleadings. He thought that
the deeds and the acknowledgments were
separate and distinct — really four inde
pendent acts. The Issues could not be
blended. They were either legal acts or
felonious acts, nnd each was entitled to a
separate scrutiny.
Mr. Wheeler would not bow to Mr. Cur
tis' argument He claimed that no inde
pendent issues were involved. He argued
that it would not do to allow that one
deed might be genuine and the other spu
rious; or, for that matter, that the deeds
were genuine and the acknowledgments
false.
Neither pule would give in, so the court
took the whole matter under advisement.
There was not a treat deal that was i.i
tf-restins: in the afternoon proceedings.
The baiting of Cassou, the San Rafael
hotel-keeper, by Mr. Delmas was the chief
feature outside of frequent scares the
lawyers and spectators were given by the
cracking of the reiiing of ihe courtroom
and the showers of plastering occasioned
by the gang ot workmen who are attach
ing a new roof to the City Hall. The lat
ter disturbance grew to be so threatening
that Judge Slack was compelled to call
uron the Sheriff to put a stop to it.
Cassou took the stand immediately after
court reconvened and the crosE-ezamina
t:o:i was resumed.
Directly from the start Attorney Del
rj):j 3 began quizzing the witness as to
whether or not he had ever demanded
niont-y for bis evidence and records. This
' MSon ucnied vehemently.
'I nev r asked a cent for my testi
! niony," ne said, growing somewhat ex
c;;eu". "i told them 1 would tell all 1
x knew if called into court, and I didn't
want anything for it.' 1
"Are you sure about that?" persisted
Mr. D.-lmas.
'On, ye?, very sure."
"Now, isn't it a fact that you demanded
$10,000 for your evidence 1"
• Never, sir. But they offered me $1000."
"Who did?"
"Why, Sberlfl Healey."
"Oh, that's a, eh?"' Mr. Delmas was
now standing erect and had his eyes fast
ened upon the .witness menacingly. "Now
listen, Mr. Cassou," he said. "When that
offer was made to you didn't you refuse it
as being insufficient and demand $10,090?"
"No, no, sir."
In response to another line of questions
Cassou retold his story of Senator Fair's
indisposition during bin stay at the Pa
risian Hotel. But he was- more elaborate
in the details he gave tills time, remem
bering now that instead of being a consist
j ent sufferer from asthma the millionaire
I was also taken down with a violent abdo
-1 minal complaint. Cassou was sure that it
j was on the night of the 20th of September,
i 1894, that the Senator was at his worst.
| The witness said that some time in Janu
ary or February last he told these facts to
i Attorney Dutticey of San Rafael and Wil
liam P. Lawlor, who baid they had been
sent to nini by the attorney for the ex
ecutors of the Fair estate.
While giving one of his answers at this
! lime Cassou was seen to wink at Attor
neys McEnerney and Pierson, and Mr.
: Delraas, noticing it, demanded an expla
nation.
'Oh, I always wink," said Casbou, some
what sheepishly.
"Always wink when?:' asked Mr. Del
mas.
"When I am talking— when lam telling
the truth."
"Do you only wink, then, when you are
| telling the truth?"
Cassou was not sure whether this was
what he meant or not, and squirmed
■ about in his chair uneasily during his ef
! forts to escape from his dilemma. This
he did not succeed in doing until Delmas
| finally grew charitable and ceased to ques
; tion him further on the subject.
Cassou, resuming, told Mr. Delmas how
careful he had been to preserve the hotel
1 register and his cash-book, and said that
| among other things he had taken the
i precaution to have these exhibits photo
; graphed. A Mr. Kytka did the work, and
1 the witness paid lor the negatives out of
j his own pocket. Cassou was prompted to
j do this by his brother.
"Why dirt you resort to these precau-
I tions?" asked Mr. Delmas.
"Oh, I don't know. I puess 1 was afraid
somebody might steal them," said Cassou.
"Why should anybody want to steal
them?"
"Well, I knew they were big evidence
! for the court, and I wanted to keep them
i so as to tell my story in court."
"In what respect were they such im
j portant evidence?"
"Why, Senator Fair's name was there."
"But that would only be important in
the event that it were shown that be put
his name there on a certain date, would it
not?"
"Yes, sir." 'V -^ .
"And that register does not show what
date Senator Fair signed his name, does
it?"
"No." ; ••:
Mr. Delmas desisted, then, with the
quiet remark that the importance of the
exhibits was not so overwhelming after
all. . . :
Cassou was excused from the stand fora
few minutes in order to permit Superin
tendent F. B. Latham of the North Pacific i
Coast Railroad to inform the cour: about
the time schedule of his line as it existed
in September, 1904. Then Cassou was re
turned to the griddle.
Mr. Delma3 reproduced the hotel reg
ister ana asked Cas9ou if any of the pages
had ever been torn out of it. The witness
admitted that he had removed t:;e blotter
page opposite the sheet upon which Sen
, ator Fair's signature appeared. He did j
this, he said, because some ink had been
spilled upon it. In reference to some
mucilage stains that showed on the im- j
j portant page in evidence he explained I
I that when it became generally known
j among his guests that Fair's signature
| vran there he feared that the page might
j be mutilated and to preserve it pasted the j
j corners down to the adjoining sheet,
i There were some odd creases' in the page,
j but Cassou could not account for them.
He also said he had torn a, number of I
other pages from the register, but could !
not remember when.
• Cassou was excused from the stand and
Superior Judge J. V. Coffey succeeded j
him. The Judge said he and Jere Coffey '
i went to San Rafael on September 22, 1894, |
j and stopped at the Parisian Hotel. He I
| remembered having seen Senator Fair
there that day and again on Sunday
evening. The witness left for San Fran
cisco the following morning— the 24th of
September— but did not see the Senator
that day.
\V. B. Schneider, who-e father and
brother bad been witnesses before him
was now called to the witness-stand. He
said he was a liveryman of San Rafael.
Schneider was called for the purpose of
stating when .Mutt Gillian, the hack
driver who drove Senator Fair around San
Rafael, arrived in tnat town witn bis rig.
By referring to his books be was able to
say that-GUligan got there from Virginia
City on the 22d of Serjtember, 1894, and re
mained there until the 25ih. While there
Uilligan kept his Horses at the stable of
th* witness.
• Mr. Delmas tooK occasion on cross
examination to again call attention, by
means of witness' answers, to the fact
that the San Francisco Police Department
has been most active ii. hunting up evi
cenco for the plaintiffs in this case. De
tective Seymour, he said, had paid him
his fees and expenses , and looked after
him while li« was on this side of the bay.
Court adjourned with Schneider still on
the wiloess-stand. Judge Slack will hold
court to-day in the Supervisors' chamber
instead ol in Department 10, where tie has
been located since toe tutu began. ' -
.. ■ - ■ . • • -.■.-'■ • - . ■ . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
COVET VALLEY
ROAD TRAFFIC
Important Hearing Before
the Railroad Com
mission.
Contracts Between Common Car
riers the Subj ct of Long
Argument.
Attorney Preston Showed That Such
Contracts Have Been Held to
Be L. : .;u •
In connection with the persistent efforts
of the Union Transportation Company of
Stockton to secure a share of the Valley road
traffic, the Railroad Commission was oc
cupied yesterday afternoon in listening to
arguments on the status of traffic agree
ments between connecting common car
riers. The nub of the contest is involved
in the validity or invalidity of such con
tracts.
The investigation that began formally
yesterday was inaugurated by the tiling of
a complaint against the Valley road by
James Gillis, president of the Union Trans
portation Company,
The complaint charges discrimination
and alleges that tbe Valley road "has se
cretly and unlawfully combined and con
tracted with me California Navigation
and Improvement Company for the carry
ing of freight and passengers uvcr its line
; of railroad at a low» r rate than it charges
; the public and the Union Transportation
Company for like services."
It cites as an illustration of alleged dis
crimination the following facts: The reg
ular pa^stnger rate of the Valley road
fr^m fctockfon to Fresno is $3 05. Tne
regular rate of the Calnornia Navigation
and Improvement Company ironi £an
Francisco to Stockton is 125 cents. The
regular joint rate of the two companies
from Ban Francisco to Fresno is $3 75.
Ttie answer of the Valley road denies
the charge of discrimination in favor of
tbe California Navigation and Improve-
ment Company, it explains the "Valley
road's position as follows:
In order to give the general public the
benefit of competitive through rates for
both passengers and freight less than the
sum of the two local rates between the
same points is charged. It adds that the
Valley road does not consider that it
would be fur the best interests of the pub
lic for it to make any traffic arrangement
I with the Union Transportation Company.
I In conclusion ti>e answer says: '"The only
( complaint of the Union Transportation
Company is that this corporation does not
deem it advisable to enter into business
relations with such company which would
enable it to bind this company by the
joint operation of both lines."
£. F. Preston, the attorney for the Val-
I ley road, represented that corporation,
and the Union Transportation Company's
case was in the hands ol S. M. Spurrier
and C. H. Fairall.
Alexander Mackey, secretary of the
j Valley road, was the rirst witness.
Fairall asked if the Valley road had
j made a contract concerning rates with the
I California Navigation and Improvement
Company. Tuis precipitated an argument
on the keynote to the whoic situation.
Preston objected fo the question, and
declared the existence ol such v contract
| was admitted in the pleadings, and as
serted that the question was put for the
purpose of Retting information concerning
I the private and secret business affairs of
| the two companies interested in such con-
I tract. He Claimed that traffic agreements
j between connec:ing common carriers had
j been repeatedly declared valid by the
courts ot the United States, notwithstand
ing the efforts of competing carriers to
break into the Dusiness of the contracting
common carriers by legal proceedings to
have traffic agreements declared illegal.
Faira.l contended that all the decisions
cited and quoted by Preston wore made in
ihe absence of State statutes or constitu
tional provisions, and were based on the
common law and the interstate commerce
law. In this State, he said, there were
both constitutional and stn;utory provi
sions which declared traffic agreements
such as that in question to ba illegal. In
supfortof his claim he quoted from Arti
cle XII, Section 17, of the California Con
stitution, as follows:
Every rullroßd company * • • shall re
ceive and transport each the other's passen
gers, tonnage and cars without delay or dig
crimination.
Th« point was apparently overlooked
that this applied to railroads only. He
also quoted from section 2170 of the Civil
Code, as follows:
A common carrier must not srive preference,
in time, price or otherwise, to one person over
another.
FairaJl claimed that the word person
included corporations and that the statute
therefore applied to the case under con
sideration. He declared that the contract
between the Valley road ana its water,
connection was illegal and that complain
ant had a rignt to have it produced befo-e
the commission and to know its contents.
T c attorneys for the complainant were
still arguing tor the admissibility of the
contract as evidence when adjournment
was taken until 10 a. m. to-day.
Clear-Maker Mass Insolvent.
A. W. Mass, a cigar manufacturer, has fifed
a petition to be adjudged insolvent. He owes
$1275 25. and his assets consist of a stock of
goods valued at 700.
Advances' made on furniture ana pianos, with
or wiuiom removal. J. Kooniui, 1017-1023 illsaioo.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKHY CLUB. lngle«ide Racetrack. Wednesday. April 28. Eighty
* fourth day of the Winter Meeting. 1 896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
009 Wihßl RACK— Haifa mite; two-year-olds; selling: purse $»50.
Index.
Horse, weight.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
891 MltleTG 1
870 Barney Schrelber 1
915 Kalabar 1'
(903) Thy Cheat 1
903 Znpnta 1'
912 I Miss Dividend ...I 1
800 j Mirth 1
822 i San Duranpo 1
PI 1 -' Cassandra II 1
897 St Philip 1
903 jCima 1
2
i I ::::::::
4
9
i I ::::::::
1
10
I X 2 ::::::::
8
7
3
el
; 11 1
lh
2 3
Sl*
lv 10
3 i
a 1
53
6 1
4 1
11
1 1
2 3
7 3
5 I
9 3
3 2
6 1
lg %
4 2
11
1 -i
2 h
3 h
4 h
5 1
6 1
74
X 4
• 9
10
11
■<i:iii«nier
|CIaWBOD
I Stevens
i Hozernan..
J Hennessy
i Jonc*.
l'i-'sott
Camer0n..,.....:
Kuuliier.
Mifpard
i Isom
4
6
12
8-5
10
. 5 ■
15
40
100
20
15
4
4
10
5-2
15
6
15
40
300
• 25
20
Good start.
Time, : I l .' - 4
Won easily.
Winner, A. is. bpreckels' cb. t, by imp. Idalium^ellie Bell.
QO_l SECOND
; purae $350.
Index. I Hers*, age, wplcht. sl
923 !>eaSpray, 5 109 1
922 Jack Mar in, 4...10« 4
922 ! Doubtful. 4 10* 2
«J3l MUi kuth, 5 107 7
02» Doyle. . r > 109 3
£93 I Oar Cl! matt', 4. ..106 5
922 .Jack Hichelleu. a.112] 6
Hers*, age, welcht.
*4 V,- %
! 2Va lh
! 61 4h
41 81
7 I 7
1 31/3 i 61
lh '2 1/,
1 61 I 53
1 1
4i/ a
3 h
7
61
2 li
5 1
1 1
2 1
4 h
5 2
62
7
Shaw
Stevens
ISozpman
Snider
P1?g0tt... ;....,.
'Slaughter
I Freeman
Jockey.
Belling.
Op. VI.
2
10
12
4
8
10
2
20
6-2
8
5
12
10
(Jood siaru
Won easily.
b. g-, by Mariier-Marii:ette. Time, 1
935 THI*DB*
; purse 9500.
I
Index, nome, age, weight.
(917) The 8a0he10r.4.106
919 Bernardino. 3.. 861
(579) Ostler Joe, 4.... 109
hB3 Schiller, 4 114
932 Wawona, 6 113
hi s Damien, 4 114
I st ! Vi
Fir*t
j mile.
14 % %• I Str.
IX 21 23 24
18 16 15 11-
-58 411. 84 SI
2 1 .> 10 4 1 410
3 h 18 1 IB 10 510
6 16 6 0
' JOCtBT.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
5
3
6
1
' 4
8
3
|5h
1 8
6
2 8
■12
3 1/2
42
110
5 3
2 2
Hll
16
lh-
•i X
3 6 :
4 50
i 10
Piggott..:.
(Jlawson
H. 8r0wn.....
Slaughter. ....
Mac Kilt)
; \V. Martin. ...
5-2.
6
i 2
6
30
I 3-2
I
4
10
4O
8
start. Won drivlug. Winner, E. Corrigan's eh. g., by Judge Murray-Spinster. Time,
QQff FOUHTH RA
two miles; purse $1300.
Ind ex.
11l 1 Heil.ng.
ad ex. Home, nge, welcht. , St . 1 % Std. j i/i IV^ */ Str. | Fin. j joeker. On. cl.
918 A run del, 6 140 4 i Bly a lh lh 1 1 i/ 3 13 13 i I~S l > eters...~~ ~6 6
(SH(I) I'aby Hill, 6....16»! » 5 44 44 3* 3 au * 2 , Owens 8-5 7-5-
-90 1 Huntiinan. 5 ..l.:8| 1 12 !!^ 31% 21 22 83 3 -tanJord . .. . j 7-2 v'v?4
(915)J0C,5 152! 2 41 31 23 Feil Mcilahon .... 2 11-5
918 iGovßudd, 4 ...106 612 li 5 • 6 j 1- ell I Martluus • •
i'.eii-n,'.
3u U.
Hood n-art. Won e»nilv. Winuer, N. X Hall <t Vo.' 8 ci». h., by Duke of Norfolk- l-.laiue. Time
3:52V4- *i'oi;iil< 1 d with Huntsman.
QOT IIFIH IIACK-Tnree- fourths of
Index. ! Horse, age, nelehu
916 George Miller, a.. 117
8«0 Yemen, a 109,
(916)' Fat Murphy. 5...10H
. 925 Una Colorado, « . l(;9i
(910) Amelia Fouso, 4.104
«25 Howard, 6 109 i
St. ,
I 1 I
6
!
S
2
8
5
4 |
I
hi.
lh
2b
V
2 3
1 v 3
4h
6
b Va
1 h
•2 3
I*
Kin. ]
1 h
2 4
31
4 3
63
6
Coady '
I'igKOlt I
siauzutor !
| Freeman
C'lawson ...
; Henueasy
iUttillK.
Op Cl.
3
8-5
5
15
15
5
4
9-lU
6
i! 0
20
8
i
I
i
lair»laru Won driving. Winner, W. l. btanrteld's b g, by LoftSn-Enima. lime, 1:15%.
(j')O HI.V 111 KA
;: purse 4350.
JnCex.
Horse, weight.
St.
Jockey.
Bellini;.
Op. CL
890 Good Times 117 7| 7
hii_' !>olone< Wheeler. ll7 3j 2 h
920 Claud. ana. 10'J 6 5 1
921 fnshion i'late. .. . IUOj 4 4 1
908 ' Adam Andrew. ..llo 1 6V?
B»S Celoso. 105 5 111/ a
906 Scorcher 102 '2 3 h
Oil
2 li
3 V,
ft 1
7
nu
4h
2h
3 2
6 4
6 h
l }™>
42
lh
3 2
63
63
2 h
7
1 h W. Mania
2 6 IHennessy
3 b Isom
415 Slaughter.
5 6 Clan-son
6.0 I'iauott
7 11. Brown
6-5
8
5
5
6
6
30
8-5
5
5
ft
6
10U
(food sian. Win driving. Winner, 1\ Dunne's b. c, by imp. J.ossington-Famine. Time, 1:421/4.
CLOSE FINISHES
AT INGLESIDE
The Bachelor Beat Bernar
dillo in the Distance
Event.
Arun Jel a Lucky Winner of the '
California Hurdle
Stake.
Little T G Downed a Good-Sized Field
of Two-Year-Olis— The Cheat
Very Aptly Named.
There was the usual large attendance at
Ingleside track yesterday on the occasion
of "ladies' clay" and an excellent day's
sport was enjoyed. The races were all
hotly contested and the crowd was kept
keyed up to a high pitch of excitement
throughout the afternoon. Favorites were
successful in three of the events decideJ.
The two-mile event excited considerable
enthusiasm. The Bachelor, backed from
5 to 2 down to 9 to 5, won in a hot drive j
from Bernardillo. after the latter had made
all the running. The winner covered the j
distance in 3:33}^. The wretchedly ridden ]
Ostler Joe was a fair third.
The California stake, two miles, over i
eight hurdles, witn a guarantee value to j
the winner, went to Arnndel, piloted by j
"Stew" Peters. Baby Bill was a 3to 2 !
favorite, but would not exert himself, j
Huntsman made most ot the pace for a
mile and a half, when J O C shot to the
front, and in taking the seventh jump
turned a somersault, taking Gov. IJiud
down with him. Arundel then took
the lead again and won easily from the
favorite. There were but five starters, and
of course Huntsman took the show.
The Cheat opened an 8 to 5 choice for
the two-year-ola scramble at four iur- j
lopcb, but there appeared to be "n> tuin>
doing," sad he went back to sto U, and !
took no part of the purse. Little T Ci, the j
SpreckeM entry, a 4 to 1 chance in the !
ring, made the running and led Barney [
Schreiber past the wire by four lengths.
Salabar beat the favorite a head for the
show.
Seven very cheap platers started in the t
six-fur. one sprint that followed, with Sea !
Spray rulins a slight favorite over Doubt- I
fill. Our Climate, which acted very badly i
at the DOSt, led the bunch for a quarter, '
when Sea Spray took up the running and
at the end won handily, a length in ad
vance of Jack Martin, against wnich 20 to
1 was laid. Doubtful took the show.
Yemen was a bot even-money choice for \
the fifth event at six furlongs, but sue
cum bed to' the prowess oi the 'Texas !
Hindoo," George Miller. The favorite
WM on his worst behavior at the post, and
was last away when the barrier was raised. ;
He once headed Miller, but was again :
passed by the Texas horse opposite the !
paddock and beaten out a lcn^ head in a !
hard drive. Pat Murphy was a poor third.
Pat Dunne's colt Good Times was (
chalked up a warm 6 to 5 favorite for the
linal race at a mile, but no disappointing
have his runs been of late that he went !
back to 11 to 5- Willie Martin rated him |
along iv the bunch until tlie stretch was
reached, when he let out his wraps and
in an exciting finish led Colonel Wheeler
out a abort head iv 1:42^. Show honors j
went to Ciaudiana.
NOTES.
The Bachelor pulled up very lame after
his race.
A Nevada blacksmith named Schwartz
has invented a staning-gate that is said
to be super or in every particular to the
one now in use.
The betting about Damien was extreme
ly nervous and frettul, stiil it caused no
commotion among the layers of odds, who
gradually moved the price up from 3to 2
to 8 and 10 to 1, and then caught a few
small lry. The horse ran without blink
ers, and a life-size painting of the son of
Strath more set In a ma opany frame
would not have brogbt fifteen cents at a
hand-me-down auction sale afier the race.
He started out "absolutely" and held his
own throughout. On bis run he should
| be a strong factor in the four-mile race, as |
Martin had ample opportunity of study
ing the dangerous spots in the track.
Forgetful that the poor as well as the
rich are necessary requisites around a
racetrack, an veiling paper recommends
I ignoring the petition recently presented
j lor a two weeks' continuation of racing
: that an opportunity may be offered &onie
! of the native owners possessed of more
atmosphere than coin a chance to win a
purse. The article states that "the in
stant form and class are exhausted racine
:is reduced to a swindle." Then, if this be
I the case, form has been at low ebb and
i class at a bic discount throughout the
I winter. ! Fcr in another item in the same
; issue nppears a note which says Ed
Gaine3 will soon leave for New York a big
loser, having had no success either on the
Mock or on the ground, and the
, Eastern man was ever a student of
i forrr., devoting hours daily to studying
i the dope. Either the "dope" used by Mr.
Games was not the right sort or the sport
here is already rotten to the core. It is
said that the Jockey Club across the bay
is favorable to an extension, but that the
Eastern element, which virtually rules
< Ingleside, objects to a prolongation, fear
| lul, perhaps, that no dollars will be left to
! harvest en the return of the pilgrims from
] East and Middle West next season. A
I perusal of the list of different wealthy
owners now racing horses in different
parts of the country would display the fact
that not a few of them began the business
with a halter and one old blanket, but the
temerity and nerve to borrow a hor.»e If
I the occasion offered. Indeed the pedi
grees of many of them would develop a
' "cold strain" if searched, and not
;so many generations bank cither.
Every now and then is brought
,up a plea for the trotting horse folks,
that they are kicking and all that
! sort of mush and rot. The downfall of
the trotter can be attributed to the trot
; ting-horso men selves, the puDlic
j having become disgusted at their meth
; ods, and not to the popularity of the gal
! loper. Around the California circuit last
i summer, in the very heart of the trotting
| horse country, a corporal's guard would
| not gather to see them scoie up, while the
runners drew the banner crowd. If these
j Eastern folks will permit of one or two
poor owners winning a parse and not ob
ject to an extra week or so of racing the
California Humane Society might be in
duced to strike off a few medals. The
races will not have to be framed to order,
but let there be equality to ail, and our
Eastern friends no doubt will be welcomed
with true California hospitality again in
the fall.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-yea --
Olds. ...'.--. ;. . •
758 Truth 107 927 Benlcia 107
903 Kf<l Fox 118 82$ Hid Jack.."..'"'lls
927 Ia Ixima 107! »1-' Satlcoy... . 110
897 Thyme 107 8.4 Approbation .. 110
909 Daliun 110,
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
724 Myron 109 886 Kiot . 106
HB6 O'KleelH 109 113 Premaita 107
922 t-pry Lark 104 65 Card well ..'."'.'.'. 109
646 Fred Gardner.. ll2 906 CamelU . . . . 109
M 65 .Mike Kice 106 934 Jack Martin.. 106
827 Veva 104 911 MollleK.. . 107
923 Nicnac 104] Dili Dec slon. 104
622 Easel ......104 "
'1 bird race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
olds. , - .'■.'. v.
Eddie Jones IIS 927 Ponro . 110
96J lot Prkeios 115 BS2 (has. be" Bel ..111
083 Cassandra :... 107 ' 926 Custane. . 115
687 Eroic* 107 j 926 slva .".'llS
St. curio (Caia- ■ ! 909 Tom spencer". " 110
tin* tiny) 116 »t,9 Socialist 116
Padrone 118 v
Fourth race, on« and a sixteenth miles, selling.
919 Key dei Tlerra. 911 921 MorteFonse 110
924 SntiJlarto 106 919 Horatio 91
(»..'» )Cab.-tilo lloj 87i Alv»rndo. . !
• Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
.... William 08...1 1- 923 Kama D. 107
931 Ransom 109 860 AlumaUy " 120
923 ultve 107 929 Biue Bell "■"107
I » 8 (.'kndor 107 t<93 Wai. Pinkert'onl<i6
9-5 ralrorrjion in 1 911 l.a Mascota 104
932 Karl Cocbran..lOt> 917 Red Glenn.... .109
92 Coda lOVj 877 Wr.i|tii» ' 114
(922)Pcrhaps ..118 9*9 Ricardo ..".'.'" 109
- i\t;j rare, handicap, on* mil*.
899 .-alvablo 114 i9l7)Loben*u!a. . 103
. 9.->6 'Ostler Joe. 114 (9-»)Strathrol. ' 100
'8«6 Wheel of Frtnell* 937 Yrmen.. '" 9-i
862 Sjitsiimu 09 931 Refugee. 95
850 Viuctor. IOB|
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race- Truth, Approbation, Da
lion.
Second race— Mike Rice, Mollle i:,
Cardwell.
Third race— Socialist, Eddie Jones,
1. 1>» Prietos.
Fourth race— Cabrlllo, Key del Tierra,
Morte I mist-.
Fifth race— La Blascota. Olire. William
Pinkertou-
Sixth race— Salt-able, Satsumn, Strath
rol.
Jerry Driscoll .Sued.
Maurice P. Healy, throug.i J. J. Rtuer. has
■ned Jerry Driscoll, tne lieutenant of Chrii
Buckle) when the latter was it, p>litios, lor
$20. claimed to have been borrowed by tie
deienilant Hiid never returned.
1 The fee-simile /rf Yf?" t ./> "" ** on evei 7 wrapper
Bgnature of Wt&&ZV<GMc4rt!l of CASTOBIA.
XEW. TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
TPimgcEgiEßsi
To-day four of our leading departments combine
in an offering of
I BARGAINS IT WILL PAY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF !
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
OX«— 7O dozen 5-HOOK AND 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, black and colors, odd
£.UU sizes, regular price $1. will be closed out at '25c a pair.
TOP"" 55 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES, embroidered backs, in navy blue
O\J\j and black, odd sizes, reeular price $1 25, will be closed out at 50c a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
Olp— No. 16 2-INCH ALL-SILK. COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON
<J3vj |n assorted colors, value 12>jC, will be offered at B}£« a yard.
10p~- No - - 2^INCH ALL SILK, COLORED BATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RlB-
avv BON, iv assorted colors, value 20c, will be offered at 10c a yard.
1 9 l p~" No - ?° 3 M-INCH ALL-SILK. COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB-
-i— 2v BOX, in assorted colors, valu« 25c, will be offered at L2)£c a yard.
HOSIERY AND CORSETS!
6>X/»-100 dozen MISSES' FINE M RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, all
**tr\j sizes from Hto9, at 25c a pair.
1 t)l r .-100 dozen BOYS' HEAVY BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, sizes 6 to 'JU,
a<-_^ will be closed out at 12)jc a pair.
9^r'~ 209<lozen LADIES' NEW SHADES OX-BLOOD AND TAN COTTON HOSE
-'Jvv at 25c a pair.
7X/»— lease of THE CELEBRATED W. B. CORSETS, handsomely embroidered,
• "v, 1 m all shades, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
BARGAINS INJNEW WAISTS!
LADIES ' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
u\J\j ] arSj worth 7oc, will be offered at 50c each.
7~ p -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in all fancy
* *->\j stripes and ligures, wortn $1, will be offered at 75c each.
<*M 0n- LADIES> LAUNDERED DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all the iatest pat-
tpA.VU terns, worth $1 50, wul be offered ai $1 each.
<29 FINE DIMITY AND ORGANDIE WAISTS, irt handsome pat-
<jp£..t/u terns, lat-st style, regular price $3 50, will ba offered at $2 50 each.
IMI m MURPHY BUILDING, I
{/(/ Martet Street, Comer of Jones, /
Sslxi Francisoo. *
NO IMPURE TEAS
WILL BE RECEIVED
Minimum Standard Grade
Will Cost 20 Cents
Wholesale.
»
Interior Grades to Be Sent Back
Whence They Came or Be
Destroyed.
Tea-Tasters Will Rcj ct All Not Up
to Standard and Will Enforce
tbe Law.
Collector of the Port Wise received from
the Secretary of the Treasury yesterday
an important communication with refer
ence to the new act of Congress prohibit
ing the importation of impure teas. The
Treasury Department is determined to
enforce tbe act, and the tea trade of the
United States will be revolutionized for
the belter.
The c cap and trashy grades of tea will
no longer appear in the market, and while
the effect will be*r> raise the price of this
luxury, the public health will be the
gainer thereby.
The communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury notifies the Collector that
there will be shipped to him from New
York a line of samples of the standards
established by the Board of Tea Experts.
Tha information is also given that the
Collector of Customs at New York is pack
ing half-pound samples for sale to impor
ters and brokers. Collector Wise is in
structed to pack samples in convenient
half-pound packages representing the i'uil
line of the standards, which may be sold
to importers and brokers at cost; namely,
2J cents per pound.
After May 1 of tins year it shall be un
i lawful to import into the United States
any tea below th • standard estaDiiSlied by
the Treasury Department.
The act " of Congress was approved
March 2,' 1897. It authorized the Secre
tary of the Treasury to appoint a board of
seven exptris in tea to submit to him
standard samples of pure teas. On their
report he has establishes the standards on
their recommendation, and is now depos
iting in the Custom-houses of New York
City, Chicago, San Francisco and such
other ports duplicate samples of such
standards, and a sufficient quantity of
other duplicate samples to supply at cost
the importers and dealers in tea at all
ports desiring the same.
The act provides further that importers
or consignees shall furnish samples of all
lines of tea imported by them, together
with a sworn statement that the samples
are genuiue, or such samples shall be ob
tained by ttie examining board.
Should the tea be found interior to the
established standard the importer or con
signee must sive a bond with sureties that
he t- h ail export the tea outside the limits
of the United Slates within six months.
In cm of failure to export the condemned
tea within six month-, the Collector shall
cause the tea to be destroyed.
An appeal from the decision of the tea
experts may be taken before a board of
three United States General Appraisars
to be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Teas on board shins for shipment to the
United States at the time of the passage of
this act shall not be subject toils pro
visions. ..':-' iy.
The grade 3of teas, 'as recommended dv
the experts «nd established by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, are as follows:
So. 1 Formosa Oolong
No. '.' Koochow Oolong
No. 3 Amoy Oolonir
No. 4 North China Conuon
No. 5 South ( n. im congou
No. 6 India tea
No. 7 Ceylon tea
The maximum peicentace of dust in the
foregoing must be restricted to 10 Der cent
when sifted, through a No. 16 sieve with
No. 26 brass wire.
No. 8 Plnitsuey green tea
No. 9 (a) Country gre n tea
No. 10 (h) Country green tea
No. 11 Japan tea. p»n-tt ed
No 12 Japan tea, sun-dried
No. IS Japan tea, basket-fired
No. 14 Japan tea. dust or fannl >gs
No. 15 Scented Orange lvko"
No. 16 Capers
Capers is a round curled leaf tea re
sembling gunpowder tea.
No. 8, Pingsuey green tea, is often
labeled as Moyune, which is a superior
quality of Pingsuey.
Nos. 11, 12 and 13 must not contain
more than 4 percent of dust when sifted
through a No. 30 sieve with No. 31 brass
wire. ■ '" •■•-■•'
The AiniTii i ■ Queen.
Monthly fashion journal; beautiful col
ored frontispiece; ready May 1; register
your name at our stores and get same
free. Kohlberg. Strauss £ Frobman, 107
Post street and 1220 Market. •
An Unknown Floater.
Martin McGowan of 191G'.j Stockton street
discovered the decomposed remains oi a man
floating in the water under Folsom-street
wharf 1. The body had been in the water
about two months. The deceased wore a
heavy blue overcoat, dark clothes, heavy-soled
gaiters and had white hair. Nothing was
found on him by which he could be identified.
NEW TO-DAY.
NO \^-/
MORE Hi
OREAD "tV"
o* I—THE1 — -
THE DENTAL CHAIR
TPPTI! Extracted Without Pain- .
1 .L I U r-illed Without Pain.
I rr I n Crowned Without Pain.
I I* Li I II Bridge Work Without Pain.
These are the only dental parlors In Ban Fran-
cisco that have the paieut appliances and ingre-
dients to < xtrac:, nil or apply cold crowns and
porcelain crowns nndetectaole from natural teeth
and warranted for ten years without the least par-
ticle of pain. We are not competing witn cheap
dental establishments, but with first-class dentists
a; prices less than half those charged by them.
- For the purpose of at once springing Into
prominence, uniil May 20 we will make
FULL SKT OF TEETH f0r..... $5.01
GOLD CROWNS. 22k 4 00
BiEIDGE WOKK. per Tooth 40)
SILVKit FILLING 25 up
GOLD FILLING - 76c up
CLEANING TEKTH : 50j
By leaving order lor Teeth In the morning you
can get tuein vie sam« day. ...
No charge for Extracting Teeth when ales are
ordered. s > .■ I ; . ' ... • .
'Work done as well at night as by day-,
light by the modern electrical, devices
used here. ■'■ ~ -_]____ ■ ? *!:*!'"'*■'
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
i 997 Market St.
Three Skilled Operators. Lady Attendants.
G« rman and French spoken. Open Kveuin.'s :i.i
8; Sundays. 9 till 12. All surgical worK done 0/
v w. wunamson, ald.
.-...■>. . - .
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SVMMABV OF THE MAIiKISiS.
Coffee quiet and steady.
Coal in good shape.
Grain Bags declined again.
*■ ilv -r a fraction weaker.
Wheat lower.
Other cereals unchanged. I
Ban advanced.
No change in Hay.
Beans and <<!•> dull.
New York and sterling Exchange lower.
Dairy Produce unchanged.
More astern Poultry In.
First Cherries arrived.
New Onions appeared.
Dried Fruit dull.
Provision > unchanged.
OUR COMHKRCB.
Value of exports of produce from the United
States In March, 487.271,531, an increase of $11,
--697.347 over : ha same month las: year. Value of
Imports $76,372,831, an increase of ?9,917,16S
over 1898. This is the first mouth in a lone time
that the imports have shown a:i Increase over the
corresponding mouth in the previous year. The
exports for March paid for :he imports ami left a
margin Of ?10,69.^.700 i 1 our favor. God imports
for March were .$855,390 it: excess of exports,
against $354,596 net for the same month last
year. For the firs: nine months of the fiscal year
the values Of the merchandise and produce move
ments compare as follows:
1895-96. 1896-97. |
Exports. $678,24 1 ,057 $8-2.269. 744
Imports 607,650,496 498.888,225
Excess exports.. f70.59J.56l $833,881,619
Net gold Imports for 1896-97. 566, 662,067, against
a net lots of $52,039,667 for 1895-96.
Rzpianntlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnies)
at station mdicaie maximum temperatur- for the
days: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rafnfall, of melted snow tn inches and hundredtbs;
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid]
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word --hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually a<Tomuanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
-Lows" vs I . ally Brat appear on the WashlngtOD
coas:. When ihe pressure is high in tb» interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north aud south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but wiled the "low Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
Will produce an opposite result.
WHITHER BUREAU REPORT
United 6tatks Dkpabtment or AoKrcci>-
TIRK. WKATHER BUREKU, SaX KraNClSiii,
April 28. 1897, sp. — The following are the rain
falls for the past 24 hours and seasonal ruinfa'ls to !
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 49.10 i
las: season 44.91; Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
this season 24.08, last season 20.71; 'an Fran- j
cisco, past 24 hours .00, this season 23.61, last I
season 20.44; Fresno, pas: 24 hour* .00, this sea
son 10.53, last season 8.16: San Luis Oblspo, past
24 hours .00, this season 20.71, last nexson 17.62; ;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .00. this season i
16.76, last season 9 06: San Diego, past 24 hours ■
.00, this season 11.65, lust season 5.90: Yuma.
past 24 hours .00 this season 5.35. last season .88.
?an Francisco data: Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 47, mean 51.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
The pressure Is highest this evening on the
Northern California and Oregon coast and Is low
est in Arizona. It Is rising throughout Washing
ton and Oregon and falling slightly in Arizona
These conditions cause fair weather and a slowly
rising temperature in California. It is raining to
night in Utah, but will probably end during the
night.
forecast made at San Francisco for 30 curs
ending midnignt, April 29, 3897.
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
northerly wines-
Southern California— Fair Thursday; iresh '
nor;hwesteily winds.
Nevada— l- air Thursday.
Utah— Part y cloudy Thursday, probably w'th
out rain.
• Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
fresh norther. to westerly winds.
W. H. 11 am mo.v, Forecast Official.
NEW YOKK MAKKKTS.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 28. -Further with
drawals of gold aggregating $1,500,000 were made
from the sub-Treasury to-day to be shipped abroad
to-morrow. Indications favor additional ship
ments on Saturday. The total for the week may '
aggregate $4,500,000. With the collapse of the j
banker.' agreement nothing stands in the way of !
a steady outflow of gold, which will probably con- ■
tinue until the Austrian demand Is satisfied. It is i
certain, however, that the country ana the Treas- !
ury are both in a better position to stand the out- :
flow of the metal at this time than they have been |
for five years. Granger- stocks were the active j
features 01 the market, and also the strongest, and '
optimistic rumors in regard to the March state- i
' ment of Burlington were again circulated. The
continued firmness in European Government se- I
curities was reflected by a steady decline and un
easiness In regard to the outcome of the situation
in Greece. The general stock market was without
any apparent definite Influ nee. The money mar
ket win unanecu-d by the gold movement. The
market closed iractionally lower.
Dried Fruit*.
P.AISINS-Steady land fairly active. Calif or- I
rii -1. 50 Ib boxes. 2%c: crown, *•*!&«' seeded !
7*-4@-i/ 2 c: seedless muscatels. 5V«^-3/ic
».I.HKA\T>-Less active; bulk. *a4i/i" In
barrels, 4Vi@sVic: in cases, cleaned bunt sVcJi6c
canons, o(g.7Vic. ' '
PRUNES — Good demand for fancy grades- '
Caluornia, 25-0. boxes. 4@7VsjC: 50-lb boxes, 3Vo •
@70, ' v - j
APRICOTS— Fair jobbing demand; storks light '
aud prices steady; California, boxes, B@lsc; bags,
b (& lie.
PEACHES-Steady: fair demand. California
nnpeeled, bass, 6(s BVic; boxes, 7' (3) 9i/- C 
pe-led. 12@15c. ■ " w - *""" I
FlUS— Nominal; fancy ordinary, 12@18c- fancy i
vi ash d, 2t'@24c.
DaTEs— Quiet; Persian, 60- Ib boxes, 27/ 8 @ j
CITRON-Dull: fancy, boxes, 11@12%c.
• WALNUTS-Callfornia standard. 6ViC; soft
chell, 8c
ALMONDS -Shelled, 16@'.9c
.Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, Prime. $4 37V4.
PORK— Firm, quiet. Mess $« 75©9 25
TALLOW-3 3 16c. «***».
SUGAR— Hun- dull, steady ;89-degree, i 13-16 - 1
96-degree, .-. 1,4 c : centrifugal. 96-degree, 3Vic; re
lined quiet auJ unchanged.
iJUTTKK— Creamery, Western, 17c.
KG US— Ma c. fresh gathered, 10V,:-.
• i'ETROLKLM- Crude certificates unquoted- in
Oil City. 84i/a® > <sc. Refined unchanged
LEATiIEj. -Quiet. Oak soles tairly active
b<"lti:igbu la .^:eadv. ;.-;';.■ •
! y. : FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1854.
CENTRA I- OFFICE
623 Alarkel St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atklßaon.
Managers. Tel. Alain 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (ad]otnlnxUrUl
Koom). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market goo
tatlona. Keferenoe Ist Natloaal Bank. & S.
cfiicAQu fiUVAi* wuxa, x&w YOU
HOPS-Stpady: crop of '95. 2V*s3Cc: '»«, 5@
10c: coast '95. 3@6c: coast '9(5, 70.11_V..a
Wool- Firm; domes Ie ec-. I6@^lc: pulled.
ls@i!oc
MftalH.
PIO TlN— Quiet; $13 20@13 50. Sales, 100
■■••■'» spot and 90 ton, futures
IRON— Unquoted.
;" V. ~ Wheat and Flour.
WHEAT- 30:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
Mny 79 79>/8 79V* 7flVi 7 »V» I
July 77% 77"/ 7«Vs 77»/ 4 76V / '
September 74 74M, 745'« 74Vs ?- 7 /8
Spot, quiet and easier: '. o. b. No. 1 North
?rn spr<nc, New York, BJVi c : •^°- 1 Northern
jprlng, Duiuth, 83c; No. 3 bard winter. 77c;
No 2 hard winter, 78c.
Future closing: Apr!'. 79c: May, 77V&c;
Julv.TiJ's: September. 72% c; December. 74V'gC.
Fi.nri.— Trade dull: moderate, spring. in
bbls: No. 2 extra. *3 30@3 50; So. 1 extra. $3 50
eps 90' straights, $3 9j(S4 10; patents, $4 20®
1 40.
GRAIN' FREIGHTS— Sew York to Liverpool,
by steam, '.'V«d.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
Opening Clotina.
American Sugar 91 rl 6JV3 9113 &7V«
American Sugar I'fd -^— — —
American Tonacco '.000
American s>pliit Mtg Co 10 73
Atchison 106.'i^ 10 60
Kay State Gas ' 8 50
l.'amidian Pucilic 49 7 1
Central Pad fla 750
L'bicaco Gas. 8125 8.00
Ci. O. i Q 7<oo 73 00
,'on. Gas....
1 ordage ——. —
' ordage Pfd ......'.'...". — —
Denver* Rio Grande
Delaware <fc Lackawana.... IftOOO
rle 12 37Wi
general Klectric. 3150 31 37Vi
Hocking Va ley ™
Jersnv Central 8160 80 50
Kansas <fc Texas. Pfd 27 60
Lake Shore 16300 16300
Louisville & Nashville 4400 4387VJ,
Manhattan Con 84 h7i^ *4 821/ a
Missouri Pacific 16 00
National Lt-ad -_^_
New Haven '.'. 170
New York & New England.
New York central 99 50 99 5!)
North Pacific...
S'orth Pacific. Pfd .'...' 34 50
Northwestern „ 104 t>2Va 104 00
North American
Jregon Navigation .... 10 00
irpnon Navigation. Pid 4200
pacific Mail 26 371 A 26 37 V,
!! alma " 15925 15900'
Quicksilver (Con Exchnse). 100 00
Rock Island 82 871 A b2 50
Heading. 1900 • 1887Va
-oir.hern Pacific 14 50
*'• I'ain 72S7Vi 72 621/ai
rexas Pacific. 8 60 ri62U|
rennesse- Co-l & Iron 22 62U, 21 '.5
Union Pacific 5 87Vi & 75
U. Slather eso
U. S. Leather, Pfd 63 25 63 00
Western Union 7t< 00 78 00
VVabasli, Pfd....; ■
Bar silver ".'.'.!!.'.*."".' $ 6 6'» i
i-tern:g on London, 60 days 4 87 '
-Uerlini: on London, sight " 4 8-Vb '
U. S. '.'a. reelatered .....'.'.'.".'. 96 50 '
U. S. 4 s, new ;;;;■■. 12325
V. >. 4's, new, coupon ".'!".'."" 124 00 •
US- 4 ' 8 '.'. 11l 50
U. 8. 4 s.COUD 112 75
}'. H - 5 ,' "... 113 25
L. b. s's, coupon in 37%
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.i., April 2- 1 . — Wheat was strong
it the opening on foreica buying, but later the
market col'apsed and sold down from / ictO'
70% c. The feeling was nervous Futures closed !
I@. l.oc lower. In provision! the heavy hog re
ceipts lower grain market had adepresslne
;fTect. Prices were slightly lower, out firm. The
'shorts" were liberal buyers. casj tlade was I
julet.
WHEAT- 9:30 30:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
M RV 7vi/, 725/ 73 727/ 8 72&' 8
July 72 7-V 8 728/, 7*3 72
September 68Vi 6»»/* 08% 6*84 68V,
12:00 12:0 1:00 1:15
AdHI ; 71
May 72S 4 71Vi 707/r 71
July 72* 70 7()i| 70V'
September BHI4 66»4 66»4 6ti< 4
Pro»ltic»».
BUTTER— Receipts large but market firm with
fairly active demand. Western, 16& Receipts
4200 tubs.
1-.GGS— Demand quiet: prices firm. Western.
BVa ". Receipts 6900 cases.
Livestock.
HOOS-LIgM, S3 90®4 07%: mixed. f3 85a
4 05: heavy. $3 65@4 00: rough, *3 55@3 65. Re
-60 i P 0 B le^oTr35 00 C . l£ " S b ° USbt "' °°' ShipPe "
CATTLE-Beeves, $3 80 5 25: cows and heif
ers. $1 90@4 40; Texas steers, $:< 25©4 35: stoclc
ersand feeders, $3 40@4 60. .Market w»>aW, owing
to heavy l^'1 m '- Prices declined IOC Receipts
18.500. Kitlma ed for to-morrow 9500
KHKKP-Natlve sbeep, «3 00@3 80: Westerns,
*3 50@4 80: lamb* $3 60@ft 60. Receipts 15,000.
lOEEIoN MAKKKTS.
liondon.
LONDON*. E.VO., April 28.-Consols. 11l 18-16;
sliver, 26V4 1 *; French rentes, 102f 77c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT - Quiet. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 325; cargoes off const, easy; cargoes on pas
sage, weak 3d lower: English country markets
partially Is dearer; French countn- m>rke;s firm-
Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California. 6s 4d(§63 6d :
wheat in Paris, weak; flour in ram weaK
COT ION -Uplands, 4y 4 d.
nnrnm
1 he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
5s llVsd; July, 6s: September, 5i 111,4 a. '
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ f4B7Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight '" — 48mC
sterling Cables ..'." _ 489
New York Exchange, sight.'.".!]!!.' — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V-.
Fine silver, per ounce _ 616%
Mexican Dollars *9Va 60
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEIC GRAINS.
WHEAT -The British bark Inveramsar takes
for Cape Town 60,631 ctls Wheat, valued at *73 -
400.
Spot (train was off, but futures were steadier.
Quoted at $1 25 a, 1 27 Vi for common grades,
9 1 30@l 32V, * ctl for average No. 1, f 1 35 for
choice and $1 37>*@1 45 for extra choice milling-
Honora, 91 STVala.l 40 for No. 1 and »1 4564
1 47% for milling. "*
CALL BOA ED HALES.
Informal Skssion_9:ls o'clock— December—
iß,toa l l oi/4. ; lv!l000 ' $1 ltt%: 241 ° 00 - $1 201/ a:
>kcoxd Session — December— 32,ooo ells
$1 ltt5 /8 ; t-000: $1 193/ . lv.ooo. $1 19%. '
Jt WiUUR Mokmso session — December— 3o 000
ctls, 9 IS; 16,000. $1 1«%; 2joo. *1 Ib%i 6000
|$1 l»l /8 ; 12,-00, ?1 181.4: May-'oOO ii 35
AFTEBNOO.V If— TO* — December — 2000 ctls.
jsl JOT*: feOJj, $1 197 -o.OOj, *1 20: 44.000,
| 91
BAhi,KY— No further change. Feed, 671/,®
, <2'/»c; Brewing remain* nominal.
CALX. BOARD SALES.
'srnsifAL *f.s«ion-9:15 o'clock— -No sales.
Skcond session— No sales.
11KOII.AB iiOHNINO MCBBION— NO Sales.
AFTEBSOOS bKSSION— NO SalfS.
Inactive and unchanged. Fancy Pnget
Sound. $1 SO<»1 40: good iochoice,»l Il4ai 25
--i common, *I®l 071/j. «( ctl. clipped Oal'Tse 1 ai
$ I@-' «4 ion ov«r the raw product.
I n -,S uK VT I '^ Yellow - S'&BOc: small Konnd
e7J^c®*l: White. 82Va®«oc fl ctl.
li V- 7 V 2 c V tu. .
BULKWHtAi -Quoted at $1 15(3il 25 1* ctl.
FLOUR A.V'U MILLSTUFKS.
FLOCK— Net <a S h prices are: Family extras,
*4 75®4 85: Bakeri' extras, $1 50@ * 65: SUP"
ane. «4@4 35 V bbl. " P
. COK.NJIKAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $17 60®18-
Cracked Corn, $18®19 "# ton.
MILLssTUFF.S-Prlces in sacks are as follows,
usual discount 10 the trade; <>raham Flour, $2 85
» 100 lbs: J<ye Hour. 52 50 V 100; llice Flour.
85 75: Cornmeal, ss2fttr£ 26: extra cream Uo. »2 76 '
Oatmeal, $.i 60; Oat Groats, »4: Hominy, *3 1044 i
8 30; tfuckwheat Flour, 93 25@3 60; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
f »: Jtolled Oats (bbls). 94 76@5 16: Pearl Barley' i
f 3 75a«; Split I'c.is, S3 50: Ureea do, $4 .5 » 106 '
its.
HAY AM» FEKUSTUFFS.
An advance of 60c in Bran is the only change.
BKAN-sl3 50®14 for the best and $12 50313
V ton lor outside brands. * ■ ,
• i^'miSVuW.V" $17 18 for lower grades and
$18 &U@lU 50 t 1 - ton for the best. .
. FKEDSTUFI..S - Kolied Barley. *16@15 60: :
827%* Meal at the mill. 926 00 V ton: jobbing,
HAY- Wheat, $8010 60; Wheat and Oat, $7®
30; Oat, 9«@B 50: Barley, 96 60@8; Alfalfa! $6
I tel 50: compressed, *6@9 50; stock, $5aS: Clo
-1 ver, .fCiftH m ton. •
BTKAW— 2S«SOc » bale.
II AN AM) SEEDS.
Dullness still prevails in this market.
BEANB— Bayos quoted a". $1 GO3l 85; Small
Whites, tl«t> 20 per ctl; Large Wnites, $I@l 16
V ell: Pinks. $l«tl 20; Reds, $1 10@l 30: Black
eye, »1 6001 65; Bed Kidney, $1 75@2 20: Ll
rnas. $160@175; Butters, $1 25@1 50. Pea, 91
@l 20. ■
.->i.r.,/.-i- Brown Mustard, 92 50-52 75; Yellow
Mustard. $1 50 %* rtl; Flax. SI 60 D ctl; Canary
Be*d, l»i<»^iic V tt>: Alfalfa. 6V4C; Rape, 2i/»M
2»/ 4 c; Hemp. »c: limothj-. 414 c.
wt Smm V&^^ "^ 2h * ell: anea '
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABtES.
New Onions are offering and Garden Peas have
appeared. Otherwise there Is nothing new. ■
, I'OTATOES — New Potatoes. 9114 c 9: n,:
Sweet 1 oiatoe.-. $1 26@1 65 ?! ctl; Karly Hose, 65(2
70c V ctl; River Keds. 70@76c: Burbank Seed
lings, 6U(|t6oc It ctl for Rivers and ,">o<&7oc for
Peialumas; Oregon Bnrbanka, 60^85c.
oMy>;s-Or«s«ii«. $2 i;sa3 %i ctl. Cut Onion*,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
$1 25@1 &0 * sack. Nevada*. «2 50@3. : Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at Si 50@& t«ctl. New Beds
$1 :>» ft ' ti -
VEGETABLES- Receims were 124 boxes As-,
paramis 497 boxes Hhubarb aid 1554 ska IVas.
lloihouse i:ncunil«-is»r» quotable at 50c(<v$l ft
dozen; Asparagus, 75i(a^l ':5 y box for common,
$1 *0 for choice and *1 75<g.2 %4 box for fancy;
JUiubiirb, 40<$:<0c .or orJinary and 65@7&c for
choice larce; Marrowfat Squash. i<t7 %l ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc %i Ib; Green Peppers, 25<g,
35c: Mexican Tomatoes, 3J(£2 25 V box ; Green
Teas, 50@75c it sack for common and 76@90c f->r
j Garden; Los Angeles Mrmg Beans. 10c %» Ib;
I DrioiOkru. B@9c V* Ih; Cabbage. 75@85c ctl;
| Carrots, 25@30c V sack: Garlic, lVs@2o H It).
HUTT.EK, CHi;i;sK AND tCGS.
All descriptions of Butter, Cheese and Eggs are
unctianged.
lUITKK-
Crkamkrv— Fancy creameries, 13<ai3Vic; a«e
oiids, 12@12V 2 c $ tb.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, ll@l2c fl tt>, lower
grades, B@luc.
Picklkd— l3V 2 @l4c "# Ib for new.
Firkin— l3(3il4c tH Ib lor new.
Ckkamkrt Tub— New. lie f, Ib.
CHKKsK— choice mild new, t>Vs«£7c fi 3>: com
mon to cood. Bi,V^»Jc: Cream Cheddar, 10.0,1
Youn: America, 7@Bc; Western, lie. Eastern, 13
@16c V Ib.
J-.Gi-s-Kanch Jiggs. 11 V^@l2c; store Eggs, 10Vl
©lie V doz; Duck Eggs, l*V<j@l3c.
I'OULTKY AXU GAMK.
POULTRY -Another car of Eastern Is selling
at 34@15c Ib for Turkeys, $5 25@5 Mi for Hens,
$7 60 tor young Boosters and $4 SO for old Roost
ers.
Local stock shows no farther change.
Live Turkeys. 14@1 5c for Gobblers. 14<§H5c for
Hens: Geese V pair. SI --'SSI 50: Goslings. $2®
2 25: Ducks, $3 .'()«, 4 M) for old and *5 ftO(g,7 for
young: Hens. $3 50@4 50; boosters, young. $6 SO
®7'o; do, old, *4(a.4 '-'5; fryers, *6(ai6; J. rollers,
*4 50@5 for large and «2@3 for small; Pigeons,
91 50(&l 70 r doz for young and $ i -5 for old.
GAME— li are, nominal: Rabbits, nominal.
liECIDUOOS AM) CITIIUS FKUITS.
R. 6. Jones of Cordelia has sent In the first Cher
ries, selling at 75c t* Ib
Receipts of Strawberries were 165 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $s@B chest for large and $7©
10 for small.
Apples. Sl®- & box. ' ■"' ■'■"
CITRUS ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at ,*3(<j4 »> box for choice to fanry and $1 25(a)2
box lor common; Seedling*. $l(gil 50 fi box;
-Mediterranean Sweets, *1 :-U(<i)2 ?>, box; Lem
ons, 75c(&$l 25 lor common and $1 50@2 25
for pood tocnotce; Mexican Limes, $ik<£? > b >x;
I Bananas, $I©2 t?i bunch; Pineapples, $2(3)4 ? doz.
DIUKI> ri;uns, KAISINS, nuts, etc.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
| Peaches. 4@5VzC t* Ib; fancy, 6c f( Ib; peeled,
i 7(211c; Apricots, 6@Bc: Jioorparics, 10@12c;
j evaporated Apples, t@5V-iC; sun-dried, 2@3c;
I Prunes, 2Vi@23ic for the 4 sires; white .figs, 3c;
• Plums, 4(<£4VsC :or titled and l@l%c for unp:t
--i ted: Nectarines. 3V^@sV&cfk Ib for prime to fancy:
1 Pears, 2iA@4c fcr wnole, 2Vi®6c for quarters and
3@^c for nalves.
RAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. f>«4c; S-crown. 414 c; 2-crown,
S'/8 C 1* Ib; seed ess sultanas, s(aft'/2c: seedless
Muscatels. 4y 2 c: S-crown London layers, *I@l US;
clusters, SI Mi; Dehesa clusters, *•-' 50: Imperial
clusters, $2 50: dried crape* out.
>> UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts.
6\'2<£7c V Ib for standard and 9®9VaC 9 Ib for
softsliell: Almonds, 6@6V 2 c for Languedoc, .M&
SVic for hardshell and B@9c ¥» Ib for papersheli;
! Peanuts, -l((i.6o f* K> for Kastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, 5-(<sGc f* Ib; Pecans, 7' 2 iß
«c %* Ib: Kilb«ris, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuis, 7i-2©ac:
i Cocoanota »-6®:> 50 V* 100.
Ho.NKY— Comb. 10@12y 9 for brijtht and s(d)9c
; tor lower grades; wat^r-white extracted, 5@ 5 %c;
Ilehr amber extracted, 4»A(g;l :t 4 i-; dark amber,
4ftt4i^c; dark, 2<a«c "P ft. ! - «
BKEa\VAX-21:@25c Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacoa. 7i/«cs B, for heavy, 8c
9 Ib for light medium. »c for light. 10c ft Ib
1 for t xtra IIkIU and 12c Vn> for sugar cure 1. Kkv.- '
era sugar-cured Hams, 12 Vic %* Ib: California !
Hams, lie r* Ib: Mess Bet- f, $9 ?t bbl: t-xtra
mess do, $9 50: family do, ?liitoio 50; extra
prime Pork, .* v 50; extra clear. 14 V bo!; mess.
$12 r bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c V tb.
L > RD— Eastern tierces are quozod at 6%c for
! compound and tf^fcc for pure: palls. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4 1 / 2 c for compound and 5Uc for
cure; half-bbls, 6i. 3 101b tins, 7c; do ft- Ib 7Vic.
COTTOLKNt— be in tierces and 7* 4 jg(SVac in
10- Ib t.ns
I HIUKS, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINS-Culls and brands sell lc
1 under sound stock. Heavy salted nteers, 8c: me
' dium, 7c 1* Ib: light, 6Va@7c: Cowhides, 6i£@7c;
■■ Stag 3. 6c: salted Kip. B.a7c fl Ib; salted Calf, 7c*Bc:
salted Veal 1 (a-7c: ary Hides. 12Vi@13c; culls and
I brands. 9'. a ig,l(K- fi &>; dry Kip and Veal. 9@lUc;
I dry Calf. j6c:cull«, 10c; Goatskin*, 20®35c each;
! Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c V Ib;
! medium. Me: winter, 10c; >hetpikln«, shear
lings, 10(<4'.0c each: short wool, 2A@4oc each:
, medium. 40(550c each; lung wool-, tO(£u7sc eacn:
i TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2»i@3c V Ib; Na 2,
1 2 Vic: rellned. sc: Grease, zc 1* tb.
WOUL— -prn g clip: Mountain, ll@l4c ?i Ib:
I Foothill, 10<$l'Ji/2C: ban Joaquin. year's clip, 7@
< 10c; do, seven months, sal lc r, Ib; Nevadas, 10
1 ©lie; Eastern Oregon. 7<sloc.
llul'S-t)lt«c tor talr to choice and 9910 c■£ Ib
for fancy. New Uregons are being coutracteJ for
at 10c and new Washineions at 7@9c.
GENERAL JII.KCUA.VIUSK.
BAGS— Prices have again declined. Calcutta
Grain Bags, spot, SV2C: Juno-July delivery, 8c:
ban Quentin, $5 40: Wool Bags. 24@27c.
COAL — A circular for Australia says: "The total
I arrivals from Australia for the past 80 days only
{ amoun: to 25. 898 tons, so that it Is not astonisn
; ln( Hint our market is almost entirely without any
! Colonial Coais: 4.1. 00 > tons should come to nand
J from Newcastle and Sydney prior to July 1, aril
I irom then to the end of the year there is ample
toanage engaged to fill all possible requirements.
j The carrying capacity of Coal tonnace from / us
] trallau ports a ready chartered for here will foot
up fully 140.000 tons, go that our large (oasumers
have literally provided for future necessities.
There are but few new contracts being cosed, al- !
though Coal charters are being freely made, but
these are taken to cover sales that were made
months aso and the purchasers are now soliciting
I to have the vessels named to them, Business has
' momentarily come to a standstill awaiting Con-
I gressloual action on the tariff, which yet remains
1 in abeyance: it is yet indefinite what the rate will
j be or when it will go Into • ilect. Freight rates are
I reported at full figures from Newcastle and Syd
| ney. 18l to 12s 6d r* ton. and the last cabled rates
1 from Kuclantl show no decline. Future quotations
: depend entirely on outward sralo charier* from
I here, which for the moment show but little Ini-
I I rovement."
Wellington, $8 t^ ton; New Wellington. f8;
\ >outh«lel<l Wellington, $7 60: Beattle", f5 50:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos way, $4 75: Wnllsend, $7
! "v ton: Cumberland. 913 50 > ton in bulk and $15
I In sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $lirsl2 V
ton; Welsh Anthracite, 88010: Caonei. 98 V ion:
! Hock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
! $7 60: Coke. $11@12 in bulk and $13 %i ton In sks.
COFFEE— C. 1-. Blckford's circular says: "With
dally fluctuations during which the recent ad
i auc' as at one time nearly lost, the mat-net for
j Brazils in .New York closes V4c below the highest
point of the fortnight, or a gain of >£c > it, busi
ness has been better, though rather ful. Trans
actions were mainly in >;ood Coua Itlcts, import- .
I ers meeting the views of buyers, an.l having re
lieved tnemselves 01 a por.ion of ll.eir;bo dings a
steadier basis for . liese sorts Ii untlclpiteo Salva
dor, have xold regularly at the existing quotations
of 12V4@12y s c. It should bs romance 1 that the
f.-w small parcels fetching 12c were Slightly
poorer than current quality. Arrivals of Salvador
are light, and some 1500 uaes spot have been with
drawn from open market under planters' instruc-
I tions. Other kinds remain uncnauced and In light
: demand. To-day's stock »oiislsta of 8174 Costa
I Hie*, 11« Nicaragua. 5602 Salvador, lP,27»auate
nißiaand 1828 Mexiran-in a.i .11,999, at against
29,863 same time last yo«r. -leßniT -an Ulan is
due here about April 29 with 4600 bags." We
quote:
Costa Rica— l7@lßVfcc i* Ib for good to prime
! washed: 1 :,..t l t;i 2 for good: l<t@l4)>4c for good
I mixed with black heaus: 14@14 3 for fair; 9Va@>
1 13c nominal for common to ordinary.
Saia'adok— I^®l7V2C for good to prime washed;
14(g14-V 4 c f» Ib ior fair washed; JtiVi<Slßo tor
good to prime washed pea berry : fi^l.'.i/ c for
I Bupf-rlor unwashed; lzV4@l'%c for «ood un
j washed: 16c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— lß@i 9 F* Ib lor
I prime to strictly prime washed; lti@l7 l^c for
I good tv strictly good washed; 15@15 : * 4 for lair
washed 13@143/ic for medium; 10@12Vic for
ordinary; e(^i)S/ 4 c for Inferior to common; 18®
l»c for good to prime washed 1 Bilberry; 16c for
good to crime unwashed peaberry.
SUGAIi— Western >ugar Ketlnlnc Company
quotes, terms net cash: 1 übe and Crushed and Fine
Crushed, Be: Powdered, si^c; Dry Granulated
4%c; Confectioners' A, 4% C ; Magnolia A, 4 Vic;
Extra C, 4«/ c: Golden U. 4V*c: Candy Granulated,
6c; hall barrels Vie more ttiau barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
I SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
j terers are as follows:
BKBF— First quality. sVi@oc; second do. sc
third do, 4@4Vie %l rb. «»*««..
VKAL— Large. 5(46c: small, 64. y Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, sr<BsVaC; Ewes, 4@sc » Ib.
LAMB-Sprlng, 6©«Vic %* n>. . .
PORK— Live Hors. 3' + •!,.,:'• 8 c for large and 31^
@H : !ic for small and medium; sort Hogs, A Az)3c-
reused do, s<atic '*
■ Kiiciiiprii of ruouuou.
TOR -4 HOtTR».
Klonr, or (*• ... 4,356|Egn, a0n.,.. _ 20.280
Wheat, ctlt. 51 015:HWev n0.... ." 176
] 1 ariey. ctlj... — . i:B6 I'eltt bdls. . " 135
■ 1 (km bu5....... 1,918 Win* nmis..'.._ 15,900
lorn. ctU 1,335 Wool, 0i5......^ 805
Potatoes, sks.. _ 872 j Leather, r0115.... 61
Onions. Or, »*».. 27.1 Tallow. . 294
bay. ions _ .Hal Buckwheat, sits. . 70
Iran, met 560 1 Broom Corn, Oil. 260
»li«ldling».s*k._ 265 Luiubar. iaj_. -jo
iiotior. ctl» Lime, bbls _ 81
Cheese, ctu. 448
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining slocks showed no change worthy of not*
unt'l after the afternoon call, when there wan a
sudden spurt which sent Consolidated California
uiiJ Virginia up to $1 85, Chollar and Ophir to
$1 05. Bes; <fc Belcher" to 70c, Mexican to 51c,
Gould it Curry to 35c, and bo on, under heavy
sales. The close was s>tiff.
The joint Confidence. Challenge Consolidated
aDd Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tun el is out 1120 feet, having been
advanced 20 feet lor the past week. The face
shows porphyry.
There was extracted from i he Confidence mine
during the past week and stored in the orehouse
on the surface 12 mining carloads of ore, averag
ing by assay $17 03 per ton.
; The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 carloads of ore, the average
assay value of which was $33 05 per ton 1 lie
ore was extracted from the opening* in the north
drift on the 900 level. The mine shows no mate
rial change.
The Mexican and Alta delinquent sales take
place to-day.
Private advices were received yesterday stating
that they were upraising from the north or. ft from
the top of upraise 1, 60 feet above the 1650 level
of the Consolidated California and Virginia mine,
and were finding ore o( verr good quality.
The annual meeting of the Kast t-ierra Nevada
Mining Company baa been called for May 10.
The annum meetings of he crass Va ey Water
Company, .North Star Mining Company and Orig
lnnl Ktnplre Mill aud .Mining Company have been
called for May la.
lt.Ai.l. SALES.
'r:™.:. 8 were the itues in the San Francisco
Mrek Board yesterday:
PKti *ie Jioßxixn skssiok. rownscrxn 9:30.
100 8e1cher... 37 I Point.. 300 0cddU....18
100 Choir 90 500 Julia. 04 200 17
300 9.: 100 Mxtc. 45 -'liO Potosl 62
500 CC&V... l.ociaou Uvrnin 400 Ualoa GUM
10U Conn.. H l. 101
ArTKRNOON SESSION — 2. -SI.
900 Alt* Of 100 C0nn".. ..1.10,200 Potosl 65
100 Chalice... 3! '200 Justice. .-04 3,10 64
200 CC<fcV...l.7o|*OO N U & COB/.'OJ Union.... 12
Following wers me -«*»' ■'■• the Pad no block
1 card yesterday:
BEOtTI.AB KFMIO.V- 10:10.
800 Alpha 07| 50 Choir 91 200 Occtd 20
7noAlta.. 600 -..91 -00 18
20J Andes.. 22 100 ...... 85 500 17
40 ' Belcher. ..St> 50 Contt .... 1 Vs i«-00 16
600 87'25'J C Imp .-.l'l -0 » ODhlr 97
200 BAB 69750 ... .021300 96
400 to 100 CN V 04J60J Potos! 53
SUii bullion. .. Mb JOJ C P0m5... 31. 30 > >■»▼«;:«>.... 19
200 Caleila....l:- 700 .33 200 Scorpion. .o3
XOJ t 'halite...!- is 300 U&C . _..l't 100 K8&M.....03
200 CCV..1.52l/ n 200 H&N... 8h -'00 3 Kev._...48
200 1.65700 Julia. 04 500 Bil Hi 11 ....01
400 1.57% Justice. ..o-1 500 02
1:00 l.< i* ,00 L Wash. .ol 100 5tdrd...1.60
200 l*vk4oo 01. 100 Uiu00.....22
t». 0 >, -UJ Mexican.. 4B :j0 Utah 07
400 1.67%1300 Ovrmn:...oi WO * J«Wl«..2a
AnmxcK)N FKSSION"—
I- 1 "* Alphn 18 100 Ch11nce...34|40» Ophlr 1.02y a
100 07 200 Ch011ar... 90,800 1.06
4"i» Alta. 08 100 feb 1 )0 L)vrmn....os
100 Ande5. ....21 400 S»i .00 Povoal 65
300 2H 100 conn .1.101200 52
-0U Belcher.. 371500 ConN" V...03 3KO Bit
10) 8A8..... 60 300 «.rwnPt..3n|3OO 62
'.00 B4 2JJ o&l -6 .-0J Bavac*.... 19
500 65 700....^ 3j >d 0 .l! 0
uou Bullion. -OK 10U HiN ...*1 HOJ et Nv...».48
10j CC&V...1. 0S 2UO Mexican.. 46 .'OJ 50 ,
100 1.67% 1100 47 100 54
6UO l.'n .'OO tb SOO 55
200 ....... 1.72 1 ,^i600 51 50 Stnrd...l.t>o ;
2')O ... .13/>j2( ONv yn.. . 06 200 C1ii0u.....22
•iOO 1.77% 3 Occti 1' iOO 21
300 l.bo 150 Ophir .. 97 400 25
100 1.5.V9C0 1. 00125 J i J«*5.~.28
CUO 1.90| I
CLOSIMi QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. April 28 . 4 P. m.
J,S /»»A<rf.i £X ttf"l.
Alpha Con 07 09 iolla ... „_ 03 15
Aiw». . - 05 t6 nstlce. 04 05
Andes.""!. ... "* Kfuiock 04 06
Belcher !>7 :9. Mexican 50 52
lieicair 7o 71 Nfvad»Qae9* — ib
Benton Coa.... — lb 'ccideuial 18 ID
.bullion _ 07 Oe Uphlr_ 1.05 1.10
Caledonia. ... 11 13 overman...... 05 t6
Chollar ... 1.00 1.05 i'oiosL „ 63 66
Con.Cal.fca,. V. 1.85 190 ravage. _ i: 1 -' 23
Ciiallenea Coo. 34 >~b scorpion mm — . t4
Con. Jinyerii. 01 Hi -ci;. belcher. . 01 OS
l»oufidenc«....l.lo 1.15 silver Uill 01. «2
Uo JSew Yoc* 12 — Sierra Nevad*. 65 56
Crown Point... 34 35 -landard 1.60 1.65
.haaiSierraS*7 — tt >ytiaica'.«. >M . — u:i
turekaCuu... — M 1 inuiiCu^...^. 25 26
1 Atlieuuer 03 t. ».i » tui i"
ÜbUld<KCurrr. 35 3? . iiuw J«c<«* 28 30
i«.i«. .1./.V.l*. b7 9t|
bIOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April £8-2 p. M.
CKJTKII (STATUS JIU.VU3.
j;,n. s lAta BIA. AtkeA.
ÜB4s eonp.ll2Vill3 C t<ureg...lO9 110%
lionuw n>suer.3» ■•, — \
UlSCi'.l.UNiSilW BONDS.
Cal-sICW«B<. 112 — iC-afcOas 5>.. - 10*
CalElecL6s — 130 !Lo2d la 65... 1071/*lO9
CntraC\V6* — tlbi : Omnibns Bs.. 120^122%
llpDi-stex-cp — 100 I'iuKyiit. - 113
h. dsn J^tL' Hi 127-1 a l-jy lAfii Jty til. 100« 4 1 0 i;« 1
K&CUKK6sIO6V« — 1 v.l-ff. KHtiili > ilB
(it -arv-it Rss - 102 Heno. WUI. — 105
II C&»5V45.100 — IS-actoPAL. - 100
LosAngL6i 92%100 !?>'&NrKs<.. Kr.'i^lO'Ji, j
UoUnteed 6s 95 lUI M'KKArlz3i 92% I)3^
4lKt-stCble6sia3%l24»4 107 107%
JjoKyCon 6s. 10« 106% bPltKCaifei. 86 —
NuiViub-) lit — iUU j<l'BrHCal6i. £91.4100
NevCNisßVs. — lO6i/,ibVWatertfs. 11. ■:„ -
N My Uai bs. 103^105 U-V Water 101 101%
Miyulu, — — SlktnU&Ji:** i>9VslUoVt
»*T»H KTOCKI. .
Contra Costa 35 38V«|^Pru« Valley 97%4 9814
Mum C 0..... 60 i.'-' 7
«AH AND KLKCTRtn ■» TO-fCI.
CapttaL — 30 PaclflO Ugh-. 49 61
Central. BBV a - SKG&KIec. 1 3»i £4%
M Klec Lien: — '.' , %an Fraucaoo -.3 g I's,
UakUL&K 63^ + 54i, 4 v.ocJttou la —
■■ *- oa* Imp — Hz |
IN-IKAN ,: KTOdCI
Flreman'aFdlSSi^ — I
COKH.-.UI HIXK KTO^ICI.
Anclo-Ctl... 60 — First Nation! mi —
Bankof Cat.. 238 240 '.ondonPdtA. 127Vi131
LfcibJU«tTCoaos 107 MerchKx.... 12 —
MMV.' HANK BTO.'Ci
P«TH«t,C«.. 1340 1375 lSav*Loan.. — in\
HumtiML liiii _ Security...-. 250 800
Mutual. 38 40 VJuiou iTS 10U0
■-.I Si 1 . Umon449 —
6TBKKT KAII.RnAI> BTOCKI
California.... lO'ii/j — |oalc:4L.<&Ha/ _ ioi
Uearyst 38 — Presidio 4 51,
Utuitet-a1.... >.3 44 ,
. -»»»»» PTOCICI.
Atlantic in 17 iGlantOon,.,. 29 .101/,
Caliiornla.... 80 110 IVlgorlt _ 65c
t.n».cru LJ. ... 80 82 V2
lii!»cm.i.AVKorr« »Tr>rtci
Alaska Tiers. — 103 |Nat VlnCo. — 7
Ger Lead Co. 100 140 'ceanlcSSCo 20 24
liawCt&SCo.. H>% — iPacAnxt'A. I 3
linitliSi'w Li)-;. 10% 1-aciiuraxUa i>9 —
Utikiluu. 90 ' — IParf PaiotCo 6 —
BALKS— MOKNINU tuamtos.
I 0.1 ; —
60 Hawaiian Commercial 12 00
60 do do ^.... 11 75
115 Huichlnson SP Co 21 00
50 do do 21 25
100 Mnrket-st Hallway 44 00
](!() • V Water 93 00
100 Vigorlt Powder 50
Mnc-.
60 Pacific Gas Imn $)0 00
$ 000 lark it Cliff House Bonds 101 00
SALES— AKTKBNOOX nr.^l.jV.
Board—
SO Hawaiian Commercial 11 00
2 Z 5  d odo -• 10 62%
<) Uutchlnson S P Co. mm •. 100
25 do do 20 76
60 do do 20 50
M s r (Jan A Electric Co 94 no
30 do 00 93 75
93000 s Pof A Horsds 03 00
: .00 Vigorit Powder 60
100 do do .'. 45
Street—
j93 Gaslight 250
To Be I»r. ...1...1.
They were talking of the cold weather
and one of them made the remark that he
dreaded the winter.
"Bo do 1," said a nervous-looking man
in the corner; "I ieel like crawling into a
loft and pulling the ladder in alter me
every time I inint of it."
"Are you sensitive to the cold?" in
quired a sympathetic listener.
"Oh, it isn't the cold I dread partic
ularly."
"Perhaps you suffer from chilblains?"
"Never had them in my life."
"Then it is just the exigencies of the
clima»e you dread?"
"Exigencies nothing. I dn-ad the winter
because all clay and every day after the
cold weather sets in you are likely to meet
at the most unexpected moment — "
"A blizzard — yes; that's t-o," interrupted
one of the crow I.
"2So; a blizzard would be a merciful in
fliction compared to him. I mean the
man who meets you with an idiotic smile
on his face and who holds you by one
button while he asks. 'Is it cold enough
for you?' "—Detroit Free Pres3.
Ul'iA.N v f! AMLIi.,,
Dat«« of nrpnrttirx From S»n Franolaeo.
HTKMUKR
I'KSTTNATM.V. |
•< « r !.•»
uriKßin ..... '
Motiowal !
llumooliii.. \
Santa Rosa. !
l'omoim. ... I
Czarina I
Del None..
A rrata . .
City Peking
City Puebia
ABlancoard
Chllkat..... j
Coos Bay. . .
Columbia...
Corona
Buuoi
Homer
Eareka
State of C«l
Mexico I Apr 2».H>au •
Sydney Apr 29 9pm!
Humboidtßay ! Apr 29, 2rx
San Diego ■..-;•<! Hay
Hum bold Hi.!. Apr .HO. iru
Coo» lihv I Apr 30. 12m
Grays Harbor. j Apr 30.' '
Coot B«jr ... . 'May I.loam
Chlna«t Japan Mar 1. ii->i
Vie A I'ljtsno M.y 1. fAMi
Oregon ports.. .May 1. 9a v
MM Hirer M.iv 2. tun
Suvpor:...... May '2. «am
Portland May 3.1U4M
s«n Dlcco. .... .May 4.llam'
Urar* Harbor. May 4.12 m
Coos Hay...'.'. May B.la m
Newport M»y 6, Cm
PorUana ...... May h.ivau
I Pier 1 L
! Pier 7
■ Tier it
' Pier 11
i fief 9
• Pier 8
I'ler 28
Pier I 1
I'M S3
i Pier i
Pier 13
; Pier It
1 Pier II
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier J
I Pier IS
net 11
Pif r
STEAMIiKS TO AKKIVK.
-tkamkis
mo«
|
I'UK
C5arinw... ...... '
San Bias .. '
Pomona I
Coos Bay |
Colombia. . !
Doric - j
Hanoi '
Truckee I
Frogreso '
Alice BlanUiard ;
Arcata
Cbllkat. '
Max ola ,
Wall* Walla... |
Corona. |
Korth Fore ...
Hnmboldt ;
Crescent Cur. . i
Knreica.
l''arallon ..
Sute of Cal . " I
f-llllt « i{fM:t . .
departure Bay
Com Bar
Panama....
j Humuoldt Bay
! Newport...
! I'orUana.
i China and Japan
Grays Harbor
! Tlilamook Bay
Seattle
i rortiand
Coos J*.av
Kiver
corns
| Victoria iV f meet ooua J
«an Diego
! Humboldi Bar
Humhold: Bay
I Crescent City
Newport.
Vaqnlna ba,-..
I i'orttana.
; ■<an Die^o _
..Apr -.9
I ..Apr VV
..Apr 89
..Apr i 9
Apr 30
Apr 30
..Apr HI)
i ..Apr 30
.Apr .0
..Apr HO
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..May 1
..May 1
I May 2
May 2
..May 3
..May 3
..May a
..May 4
..May 4
..May 6
..Mav X
THE CALL O.VLID.NDAU.
April, 1897.
"in.
w.
ft. lite. I
2 3
, /OS New Mo
OP April 1.
I First Quar
VtV April 111
•
8 { 10 {
\s
— —
16 j 17
11
Lq, Full Moon.
Kg? April 16.
23 24
22
29
f »|
bVii. MOON ANl> TIJL»K.
C — rrRT * Statics Coast and fJ*OT»KTio Brri«virr
TIVKS AND HEIGHTS OF HIOH AND LOT*
Watkm AT Icort POINT, KNTBANCB TO
tAN IBANCISCO Bat. Published bt OFFI
CIAL ADTHOBITf OF TEX CiCrIBiSTtXOIXT.
Not*— The high and low waters occur ai tin
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about- twenty
five minutes lat«r than at Fort Point; lue taelftxi
of tide Is :hu name as both place*.
April - 1897
ThursJ.iv. April 29.
fan Tlnem 6.15:>100n rises 3 42am
Bnn«ets 6.69 Moon sets. .'.'.'..'.
EiiildFeet Feet !H^j FeetilL^fi Feet
*« J. 681 215 7755 4.01 1.04' x.v 6. as — T7
27 a. 60 1.4 8.56 4.U 2.41 1.4 9.07 4.8
28 3.33 1.0 | &54 4.1' 5.14 1.7 935 5 0
29 4.08 0.5 Itt42 4.0 3.41 2.1 9.5» 5.0
S VI 4.4H 0.3 11.30 3.8 4OS 2.6 10.20 6.0
1; 5.09 -0.2 12.16; 3.6 4.32 | 2.8 ;10 40 1 6.0
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
time columu the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are addltlous to th*
soundings on the United States Coast (survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tne
height, and then the number given is aubtractlva
from th» depth * ! ven by th« charts.
.IDlltt 1O 3, MUM -. i:>
A branch or the United State* Hydrographta
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
airecilons of the world are kept on liani or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
Can always be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Teie-
KTaph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
coon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
Culled States Naval Observatory a; Mare Island
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball wa«
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, Is
published the same day ny the afternoon paper*
•Ad by the morning papers the following dar.
|H?B»j W. a Buuhes,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge,
Th« Time Ball.
Bbanch H YPRoonAi'inn Ofkicb, U. 9. N.")
Mkrchants' Eichansi >•
San Kb an Cisco. April 28. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrapn nil. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120: a
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
W. K. HuaiiKs.
Lleutenan' U. & N.. In chares.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
■ Arrived. V
CV" Wednesday. April 28.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 nours from
San 1.1-1,1): pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins it
Co.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlelield, 80 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland <1 Irect.
Stmr Del None. Stor-kfleth. 81 hours from Grays
Harbor: past and mdsp, ta.llobbs. Wall .V Co.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 47 hours from New
por.: u»iia«t. to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Cli-one, Strand, 33 hours from Cres
cent »'ttv: inraber. to D CT Perkins: 1 a syrup,
to Schilling it Co; 1 crt bandies, to Miller, Sloss &
scott.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. 20 hours from .Eureka
-252 M ft lumber, to J R Hanlfy,
Stmr Doric. Smith, — days — hours from Hong
kong, via Yokohama - days — hours and —
mm. viaHotio.ulu — days - hours— miv; pass
ana mdse, to O A O S S Co.
ship iLuiii.-.; Wave, Morehouae, 6 days from
Tacoma; lumber, laths and spurs, to Hanson <£ Co.
ship Columbia, Ne. son. 7 days fiom Departure
Bay: -400 ons coal, to X D Cnandler.
Schr Reliance, Wilson. 18 hours from Fisks
Mill: "ft cds wood, to a A tiilbnde & Co.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 2y 3 days fm timpqua River:
prottuce and lumber, to Gardiner M.ll Co.
Schr Archie ami Fontie. Colstrup. 12 honrs from
Stewarts Point: 85 cds wood, to Higgins * Col
lint
schr Five Brothers. Nelson, — hours from
, Up ilver direct.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. April 28.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich. Panama, etc: Pac
Mail S £> Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. April 28.
Stmr Eureka. Parson san Pedro. '
Stmr Oeo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Stmr President, Nelson. KuriuK.
Homer, .lessen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Acapulco, Caitarinlcn, Panama, etc
Bi bar* In. cramsay. Ciomole. Cape Town.
Schr Albert Meyer, Marshall. Killisnoo.
•~chr Anna, Erratt. Manu«ona.
Scnr Tarkersburg, Jorgensen. Coquille River.
1•• 'i •■ :i (ill ic.
oiNT i.PB'-i. April 28 -10 r. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW: v»-n«u: > 28 a*..«».
Charters.
The achr North Bend loads mdse for Santa Ro
salia.
The bark Highland Light loads coal at Comox
for Dutch arbor: schr O M Kellogg, lumber at'
Grays Darbor for Santa Rosalia; schr Pioneer,
poles at Cowl chan Mil s lor Hanta Rosalia.
"poltcn. "f j
Apr 13- La: 36 N. long 37 W, Dutch ship Ned
erland, hence I'ec 10, or Liverpool.
•Mar 17- L»t 1 N, long 25 \V, Br ship Mooltan,
from london, for ban i-ranclaco.
Apr •-!.:-■ La: 60 N, long 15 \V, Br ship Senator
from Hustings Mill, for London.
Mar 15— Lai 1 1 >. long MW, Brshlp Drumlan
ric, from Victoria, for Liverpool.
Ap II B— Lai 14 N, long 1U W, uer bark Anti
gom-. from Hamburg, lor r-anta Rosa. la.
Mar 23— Lat 18 S. long 37 W, >hlp Manuel
Lla^uuo, from New York, tor san Francisco.
Apr 6-Lat 40 S, Ion; 39 W. Br bark neons,
hence Jan 1, for uueenitown.
Apr I*— Lat 49 >". lone 8 W. Br ship Norma. fm
Hnmbur?. for Port Los Angeles.
April 18— L«t 41 U»N. long 37 33 W, Br sblp
Vallarol, from Portland, for Uueenatown.
i>nllif«: H' '*<>rt*.
MKNDOCINO— Arrived Apr 2S— Schr R!o Bey.
hence Apr -.
REDONDO— Arrived Apr 28— Stmr Protection,
henco Apr -6.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrlved Apr 28-Bktn
Ani-lia. for Honolulu.
UNUA— Arrlvei Apr 2— Brig Courtney Ford,
heuce Mar i>. .'"...,
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 28-Stmr Mineola, frm
Tatoma, for San Francisco; Jap stmr Matsuyama
Mum, from Yokohama: stmrLakme. hence Apr
22, for >eatt'e.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 28— Simr Farallon,
hence A pr 27.
FORT BRAGG-Sailed Apr 28-Stmr Green
wood, for san Francisco.
COOS BAY -Arrived Apr 28-Stmr AUlance.hce
Apr 24.
sailed Apr ' -Schr Gotoma, for San Francisco
STEWAKIs POlNT— Sailed Apr -.8-scbr
Archie and Fontle, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 2t>-SCmr Whites
boro, bonce Apr 27.
PORT KLAKK LEY— SaiIed Apr 27— Scbx Ex
slor, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 27-Stmr Proxreso. frm
Seattle, for San Francisco. Apr 28-iUw stmr
San Mateo. from Port Los Angeles, lor Comox.
PORT ANO ELKS— Arr.vt-a Apr 28— Bark
Highland Light, irom Hono'nla
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 28-Stmr Arcata. bee
Air 24. •
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Apr 28-Btmr Pt Arena,
for nan Fran< lsco.
GRAYS HARBOR-SaUed Apr 27-Scbr Abbie
for Ban Francisco.
Arrived Apr 28- Schr Halcyon, from San Diego.
. XU if EK A— Arrived Apr 2»— Simr Alice Blanch- j
ar , liom Coos Bay: stmr South Coast, heuce An,
21$.'
Sailed Apr 28— Stmr Scotia and schr Sparrow,
for Sau Francisco; schr fcertle Minor, lor r-a;i
Pedro. -
BANDON— sailed Apr Stmr Coquille River,
for «ii Francisco.
ASTORlA— sailed Apr 28— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. :
Foreign Port*.
CALLAO— Sailed Feb 28— Br ship Sonoma, for
Port Townsend.
VAPARAISO-Stlled Mar \ 5-Ital bark Gul
seppe, for San Francisco. =
- NANAIMO-Salled Aor Bark Gen Falrchlld
for '•an Francisco. '
, QUJECNBTOWN— Arrived Apr 25-Br ship
Holvrowl, from Tacoma:' Br bark Tweeds Jale. fm
Portlnnd: Br baric liiverco<-, be nee Dec 10.
CAP"'. T< >WN— Arrived Apr a— Brstii|» Belford.
hence Jan 7.
•» Yl>N V— sailed Mar 20— Brls Geneva, lor San
FrancHco.
1-IVEKPOOL— Sailed Apr 24— ship Afffhau-
Is.an. 10 - -an Fiaarisco.
ASIWERP- Sailed Apr 21— Br ship Latlmer,
lor San Francisco.
BARRY— Arrived Apr 27— Br ship . Dlnndale.
hence Nov '26; Br ship Albyn. hence Nov 13.
MELBOURNE— Arilved Mir 15— Nor bark
Stjorn, hence Jan 6.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 27-Shlp D H,
WAiJ-n, hence Dec 19
D.VEV- Arrived Mar 16— B«- shin Andro
meda, hence Jan 1. Mar IS— Swed ship Lady
Lina, Oom Tacoma. Apr 26— .8r ship Drumalls.
hence Mar 3. 
YOKOHAMA Arrived Apr 25-Brstmr Mon
mouths ,ire, >rom Portland. ■• -^
Sailed Apr 22— Br simr China, for San Francisco,
via Honolulu.
COLON— Arrived Apr '27— Strnr Advance, from
New York.
mailed Apr 24— Stmr AUlanca for New York.
SWaN.~E.v- sailed Apr 26- ship Ainsdale,
for .rt Los Angeles.
SHIELDS -bailed Apr 27— Br ship Dltton, for
San rancisco
MELBOURNE— Arrived Apr 27— Br stmr Acr
atifcl, lrom Cape Town.
Importation*.
UMPQUA— Per Lily— l 2 rolls leather. 6 bales
mohair. 1 kpg butter, — M ft lumber.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte-330 M ft
lumber, 2 pkgs Iron, lt>6s p»gs snooks. 2 pkgs
mdse.
i-AN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— l 447 bxs lem
ons, 678 bxs oranges. 6cs m lse. 1 cs millinery, A
cidrv good*. 1 cs furnishing coods. 1 bbl hranJy,
124 bdls nines. 18 bdls la: Is. 17 cs honey, 18 b«s
beer, 1 cs olive*. 10 cs whisky.
-Newport— 33so ski barley.
Redondo— bxs lemons. 199 bxs oranges. 1
cs radse, 1 sk asbestos, 6 bbls vinegar, 4 bxs glass
ware.
Port Los Angeles -9 cs hams. 12 bxs extracts, 2
b.ts chocolate, 1 bx spice, 185 bxs oranges, 79 bags
lruit, 1 beehive. 1 horse, 4755 sks barley.
Santa Barbara— lh7 ux% lemons, 20 bxs oranges,
I bx wrappers, 35 sks crawfish, 1 coop chickens,
22 plants, 3 bxs chna. goods.
Port Harfor.i— l6 bxs fish, 304 sks beans, 41
tub» 8J bxs butter, M ke«s butter, f-8 cs eggs. 3cs
mdse, 11 dressed calves. 8 coops chickens, 39 sks
wool, 1 cs dry goods, 2 bbls tallow, i coop ducks,
15 cs cheese, 11 bdls hides, lpkgmdse.
C<mnt<;r|«V«.
Per Del None— C E Whitney <fc Co : EX Wood
Lumber Co: Weston Basket Mf« Co.
Per Lily— Hilmer. Bredho.7 ASchulz; Gardiner
Mill Co: j c Johnson & Co; Tatum & Bowen.
Per Santa Kosa— Levi Spiegel &Co; O W War
ner ; Gray* Barbieri; Enterprise Brewery: Jules
Levy Co; -an Francisco Brewery: T'iplitz <&
Co; H Muddleston <fc Co: Cluei t. Coon & Co; Ueo
R Starr <fe Co: W B Sumner <& Co; Wilnierdinjt.
Lowe i Co; J Ivancovico <£ Co: a O Greenhood:
Pacific Transfer to; Campodonico 4 Malcolm; * S
Dow; A i. a 11 Fruit Co: Unrein A Magginl; George
Warner; Wolf & Son; Wetmoreßros; Greely's
Express; L Scatena <fc Co: J Demartlni & Co; Jr' S
(■ru-enlce; Gould <fcJaudin: J H Cain A Co; Cali
fornia Wine A mau : New mark & Edwards: Wheeler
<& vv ilson tewing Machine CO; Rosenberg Bros &
Co; Do<lee. Sweeney Jt Co; 11 ills Bros: HDutard:
Miller. Sloss & Scott: S Jacobs; B Frappoll & Co:
II B JlHhew & Co: m Lev! &Co; P D Martin; Pao
Coast Fish Co; Italian-Swiss Colony: Milan! & Co;
D E Allison A Co; A Pa!adinl: J B Inguglla: Labor
Exchange: Brleham. llopne A Cn; a Palartinl: H
H Sattler: H Klrchmaun it Co: Blsslnger* Co: S
btruss: American Union Fish Co; Witzel Baker;
G Camlllon iJcto; Wheaton. Bmou <& Co: Union
Paper Co; Hiluier, Bredhoff <fc schniz; V Url &Co:
Wellman, Peck A Co: Ross it Hewlett: FßHalght;
A Fodera: j Hoffman Jt i o: Marshall it Keini
Western Meat Co: Norton. Teller & Co: Buffalo
Brewery ; Ross <fc Hewlett : W C Price A Co ; Kuss.
Early & Co; H Heckman A Co; • inger Mfg C >; G
W Oibbt A Co; Sawyer Tanning Co; Western Carb
Acid Ghs Co; sawyer Taunlm to: standard Oil Co:
De Bernardl A Co; M T Freitas A Co: Milwaukee
Brewery ; Wella>»n, Peck A Co; E R Stevens A Co;
C X Whitney A Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSUIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AO^
nhf.rr, San Francisco, for ports in-SEBzIC
Alaska. » A. It? -May 1. 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31 and
every rtfth day thereafter.
For B. C. and Pucet Sound port*. 9 a. m.. May
1, 6, 11, 18, 21, 26, 31 and every fifth da,- theie-
after.
For Kureka (Humboidt Bay) steamer Pomona,
at 2 P m.. May 4, H. 12, 16, 20, 24, '.8 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Newport. Los An -pies and way ports, at 9
a. M., May 2, 6, 10. 14, 18. 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter. ■'-■'■: -
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford,
Santa Barbara, lon Los Anseles. Redondo (Los
Angeles) and Newport. 11 am, May 4, 8. 12, 16,
20. 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For ports in Mexico, steamer Orizaba, 10 a.m.,
June 2 and tne 2a of each month thereafter,
i he company reserves the right to change, with-
out previous notice, steamers, salting dates and
hours of sailing.
Ticket office— Palace Hotel. 4 New Montzomerv
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO, General Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
1
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLAN X>
From fipear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "RT4"U5 12 - Flrllt - Ola « 1 Including
-V XX l-j\sti Second-class /berth * nielli
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April 23, May 3, 13, 23
State of California April 28. May 8. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folder* upon sddlic.*-
-uon to
F. F. CONNOR. Genera; Agent.
630 Market street
(IQODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Sup^rlnt»nrt<»n <
Party Theas. monowai
ijEmIIIL saiu via Honolulu
•£■*■■■* and AUCKLAND for
U■". \, <; SYDNEY. Thursday,
&tS\r\ April 29, 2P. M.
Sfpam^ninj «• =*• A A L I A for
MI - )lli " HONOLULU only
Taesdajr. May 18. at
\viiipvjiwcj 2 p. m. fcpeclal party
rates.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, AusL.and CAPETOWN,
front Africa.
J. IX. RECK ELS* BROS. CO., Aeents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, mio Francisco.
COMPAGSIE (JfiHER IL TROSATLAITIQUa
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42NORTH Ml.
\J River, foot of Morton a. Travelers by <&£&s
this line avoid both transit by English railway an
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
tint class 60. second class * 116.
LATOURAINE May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE May 15. 10a. si.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 22. 10 a.m.
LA OASCOBSK May 29, 10 a.m.
LA TOURAINK J n" \ 10a. St.
Mg- For further partlcnlan apply to
_ _ A. FORGET. Agent,
.-™« a S : Bow «lng Green. New York.
J. F. FUGA^I & CO., Agents, B Montgomery
nvenue, San Francisca
TfatL.N HAMBURG-AMERICAS LOB
L^ a ß<j l^"'«^s|l|^ TWIN-SCREW EXPREii
" =— *^SJv^ Line rum New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg. Paru & Hamburg.
Normannla Apr rtf . Noriuanuia June ,i
Columbia >iay 13 Columbia June 10
F. Bismarck May 27 | aiu. Victoria. ..June 17
Jl:i-.i \ iii.Tii-.in Line, 37 B'way.X.Y.
KAHN & HEHZOU, Agents, 401 California St.,
San Francisco, Cat.
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At G P. 31. Daily. Jh'reitcht received -us
t0.,:30 F. M. "
43jr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line ueilin« through tickets and givlni
through freight rates to all points ou Valley
Railroad. **
STEAMER"!:
T. C. Walker, J. D. r«ter<i, • :'
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. . Cat. Nay. and Impc. 0*
FO&U. S. mum m VALLEJO.
STEAMKR "MONTICELLO," •
Mon., Tuos., Wed.. Thuts. and Sat
Frldays 4 .^.^.:.?.. 3 :. 1 . 5 ." * (9
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, Pier A
] lelepnone Green 381.
FOR SASJOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LEAVE.-, PIER 1 DAILY
O iSundays exempted) at 10 a. it Alviso
(Saturday exceptrd) at 7 p. v. Frei.ht and
I?v?l n2 fl ce o c . r , are « b6t )"^ ««n Francifco u4
3 °^;c^rt : . U u Jose -, 75c - Oten au. fieri.
*w wi. tumult Clara iv, a^u Josa.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe <j||pagr*\
Limited. J3§jz^
On MONDAYS and jßS&^sSsijfc^gk
THURSDAYS the first- B&BSSgigS&k
class Pullman sleeping-car K»«afS»sng%)BM
at uarjtnw with th^ 0I e nta Eietf-yv^tJa^ggJ
at Harumv with thf Snnia TJlßtr. "*> JSlaa
Fe limited trail carrying YOfL.'ZIBLBfm&Z?
dl: Ins-car, buffet sruokinn- •a^RrpvfSjQß'D
Car and Pullmnn palace
drawlnc-rooin slceplng-fnis \tSrfS / J^^i~~rf^
for toth . Chicago and St. ">u*\tU9!*'
Lou I* via Kansas City.
" -"i 1 3 Uays to Chicago or St. Louli. !
4}4 Day* toN.wlork.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at SP. m. Pullman pa'ace drawing* ;
room, also rncdern upholstered tourist. slerpiuit-
cars, tbr u^h to c hlcago via Kansas City. , Annex > j
cars for Denver and M. Louis.
Boston ' excursions via Kansas City. Chicago, j
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every j
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market «»re«-t, < hron« ;
tele building. Telephone Slain 1531, i
RATI.RO AD TWAVBt:
SOVTHKKX I'AVJIWtJ *OJJt»AX"T.
(1'ACIFII) BZKIBK.I
Triilii» !•■•»»»■«• iukl »»r«- <ln« to uirlvv »*
MAN KltAN<-ns«<».
(Main Line, Foot <■( .Markit Street) \
leave — From Ann l 1?. 1 -S7. — .M-.r.ivß
' "*O:OOa Nili-s, Sau Joso atnl Wv, Stttioui... V:-i.i\
7:«Oa Atlantic BxprCRS, Og«lon and l;:i:,t.. S:lOp
7:OOa Bcnicia, VacaviLe, Btueaey, Sacra-
mento, Oroville anil Utilding ' via
Davis <i:;.>p
7:30 a Martinez, HBon,VulKjo, Kapa, ♦
l.'allstcgi anil Ban a Rosa C:l3p
SsUOA Niles, " Sau .10t..-. Ktoektotl, louu,
Sacramento, MarysTillc, Chlco,
•-'•s. Tv.'hamaai:di;.-l liliiff t.tr,,.
•8:30.v Peters anil Milton *7:15p
U:OO A Nov.- Orleans KxiMTusa.Mproed, I- 'rusuo,
BakerslieM, Santa Iturliara, I .us
Angeles, Uenii.^', El Paso, New
Orleans and Bast -Ij'-Tp
9:O»a Martinez and Stockton 4 »i.-, P
0:0« a Vallejo 6:IOp
Niles, San Jose, lavcrnioro and
Stockton 7:1,*! p
•l:OOp Sacramento Uiver Steoluuni •»:<;<»p
l:OOpNilcs, San Jose and 1-ivcrm ,re 5:43.\
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:J."ip •
4:«>Or Martinez, San Itauion, Vulloji>,
Napa, CalbUogo, I'll Verano and
Santa ltos:i 1»; 15 a
liiidr Benicia, Vacvnlle, Wfiotllaml,
Knights Lauding, MarysTillc, Uro-
Tillo and Baemni«utn 11:13 a
4i3oi< Lathrop. StocktoD, Modesto, Mer-
ced, ltaymoud (for Yoseniite). and
Fresno, going via Niles, returning
via Martinez 11:434,
s:OOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Mojave (for Kandsburg),
Santa Barbara and ].(>« Augelvs. 7:43 a
SiUOl- Santa F« Koute, Atliinlic Express
for Mojavo awl East. . .'. 7: in m
6:OO|- European Mail, Ogiloit and East.... 9:43*
6:« Op Hay«aid», Nileii»i"l Sau Jose 7:43 a.
J7:OOp Vallejo 17:43*
7:O0i- Oregon Kipreas, .Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Re<ldiii(f, Portland. l'liget
' Soiiii.lami East Il:13\
SAX LEAMIItO AM* HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _
~i*6:©OA "1 ( T:lsa.
«:ooa Mclrose, Seminary Park, i 9 ,: j'5 A
iS:22a Kitchburg, Elmhurst, \\\?A
«11:OOa San Leandro, South Sau 12: Ji? P
jl a-o«r Leandro. Estndillo, j'gil^
t&OOr V Lorenzo, Cherry -I •**?*
•«:OOP , . t5:43r
3:OOp a » d O:I.lp
5::;oi- Hay wards. 7:43j»-
-7:«»Op * «:45p
»:O«p i Runs through to Niles. . . ,2 1^ 1 *
»:OOp , i,- m Niles lO:3Op
nll:l3pj > " OmJ>l : • ■ UtiarOOg;, /
SANTA Cltl DIVISION (Narrow Gaugej.
(Foot of Markot Street.) ,
17:43 a. .Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:03f
S:43a NcwarU.Oiitervillu.San.lose.Felton, •,:»
Boulder Creek, Santa CSrnz and Way
Stations ' Si3o#.
•2:13p Newark, Centervillc, San Jose, New .
Aluiaden, Felton, Uoitliler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M1;20a1
4; ISP Newark. San -li^e and l.o< «.'at»s ... »:3Oa,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»mS»N FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— .
♦7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. U:00 »2:00 t3:0O»
•4:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.M. E"v : '4*. Ky.
fromOiKLASD— Foot of Broadwtj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *1:00 t2:00 : «3:00 |i:00 »s:oor.M^
"" COAST 111 VISION (liiinl A Touiiscn.l Sin.) j
7:OUa «an Jose and Way Stations (New t
Alinadcn Wednesdays only) l:30p
9:OOa .San .lose, Tres Pinos, Sauta Cruz,
l'acilio Grove, ■ Paso Itbbles, Sau
Luis Übicpo, (iuadalui>e, Surf and .
' • Principal Way Stations 4:13p«
IO:4Oa San .lose mid Way Stations 6:30 p.
lIiSOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:Uol>
•a-.aoi- San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilruy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz, ' -
Saliuas,MontereyaiulPacilicGrove *IO:IO*
■3::iop Sau Joso and Way Stations »:4.">a.
*4:3«i- San Joso auil W»y Stalious *»:O.>Ai
3:UOp Sau.Tose and Principal Way Stations •8:43 a
«:H«i- Sau Joso ami Way SUUoub «:!I3 A
tll:43i> San Jose and Way Stations . t7:45p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays exce\>t«il. | { Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only
it Mnnd»y. T)>n-xdav .mil S .tiinlav niulits only.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
CSiLKrGrS I3?^ TIME
BKTWKKX
m FRwcisiio m Portland,
GOHMBKOniG MAY Ist.
/Oregon Kxoress. daily
at ... .H:OO P. 31.
, , \ (Arrives Port 1; nd 9: 30
FP.OM 1 am. second day.)
SAN FRANCISCO fifth day" at* 7*lo ( p\VZ
I ( ommendng May 3. I
I (Arrives Portland 5:00 I
«.";<:;•/-, ' a. M. sec >nd day.) I
California Express, /
-'■ *- - . ■.•>•'.• •i ' dail •. at. ..B:or» I\ n.
- \ (Arrives San Kranc'sco
FROM 1 7:45 a.m. second day.)
Kx<- ur- ioui raintcvrrv
PORTLAND. ) fifth day)at. lor()i» P.M.
I Coipmencin; May ■_>.
I (Airi .esSan Francis o
\ 7 :lu a. m. second day.)
T. H. GOODMAN*, H. B. JUl>.\ li,
-Genl. Passenger Agt. Asst. Genl. Passer. AgU
FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San- Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. if.- 13:3\ '
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:3
and 11:30 P. m.
6CMUYS-K-.UO, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Rafael to s>»n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 1110 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip
at 1:55 p. if. and 6:35 p. m. -- , .
BUNDAYS— S:IO,.9:4O, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40,3:11
6:00, 6:25 p. li.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park saroa
schedule aa above.
I Kan Francisco, jln effect San Arrive *
Ban 1 ranciaco. April 28. San I)>ra nclsco.
Wekk I Scs- t^.^J,' n Sex- Tw^k"
! Days. ' days, X>€!lti " at ' on - pats. 1 Days.
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
! 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 aX
; 6:10 pm 5:00 pm] Santa Roaa. 7:85 pm 6:22 ni
i- Z Fulton, ~~ ; ~"
; 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 AX
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pit
Pieta, ""
7:30 am Hopland <*: 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah.' 7;35 pm , 6:22 pv
7:30 am I 10:2& am
1 8:00 am i Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm | I 6:22 pm
7 :30 am 8 :00 am Sonoma I 10:40 am 8:40 am °
and
6:10 pm 5:00 Glen Ellen. ' 6:10 pm 6:22 pm ; L
7:30 am[8:00 AMI sebastonol i 10:40 am|lo:2 •am J
j 8:30 5.00 pm| 608310 ? 01 I 6:10 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
| Springs; at (ieyserville for Ska;«s Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hlichla-.ii
| Springs, KeUeyvllle, Soda Bay and l.akppors; ac
Hopland for Lalceport and Bartlett Bprtßga; a:
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. Blua
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter.
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucic-
neU's, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, TJsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rsdaoeJ
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldln*
FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pre»- and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. .
fiORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry}.
•"real Baa i rancisco, Commenclns Sept. 13, 1894
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— «7 l2s, •9tl\
11:U0a. M. »1:45. 3:45. •5:15.»3:45, 6:30 p.m.
■ Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
| SUNDAYS. > : :':
; For Mill Valley and San Fafael— "B:oo, *10:00
I •11:30 a. M-; *1:; SO. 3:00, *4:fO. 6:15 M.
j Trains marked • run to San Qnentln.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. »atu»
fays.
KOr Cazadero and way stations— A. M. \v*«t»
iays; 1i45 P. m. Saturday*.
THE SA.\ FRMCISI'O ' li7sS J:)A(|UIJ
VALLEY : RAILWIY COIIFA.W.
FROM APRIL 15, 1897. passenger trains will
run daily:
sou; bound. Stations. >or. hbouaX
7:2i> a. m. ....Stockton ' : iO p. M
9:49 a. m Mercel 3:14 p «"
11:10 a m rre3:io l:10 p. M .'
For Intermediate stations s«>o tl » "-table.
Connecting steamboats of the Ci N. it [. ca
leave Ban Francisco and Ftorktun at 6 p. m. dailr. i
Connects :it Merci-u with stages r»in Snelllujrs. I
Coultervil'e Votemit 1 Mar"' si «>-c ' /-
MOUNT TAIIALPAiT
; Trains • connect . irltU North i>.,,.|n.
Coast Railroad. . . "« Faoia»
WEKK UAY&— i.aye S. F. 9:15 AM . ....
I Retnrntn -Arrlve S. K. 8:25 p m. a-'-ln „ „
SUNDAYS-Leav? S.F. BA.M U 0 v M i-?, P
Beturnlnsf-ArriveS.i.M:lDp.M 4:20 p mI y'-'ii »{T
Tickets lor sale In Mill Valley or ■: . i ' iiiKUm
THO\ CU i K * !-O.\S, 621 Market st., S. F.
MIU Valle/ and Mount Tamalpala Scsnlc RaR wajk
- ■ ' ■:.-..- -T 1SMASHED CARS
INTO SPLINTERS
Sensational Accident to a
Large Freight
Train.
Electric Cross on Twenty-
Third Avenue Torn
' Up.
No Lives Lost and No Apparent Rea
son for the Wreck Cm B
Found
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
'JuS Broadway, April 23. \
A train- wreck occurred this afternoon at
Twenty-third avenue, and as no reason
can be advanced for it the trainmen are
beginning to look upon the engineer,
Georee Carroll, as a hoodoo.
Although one of the most careful en
gineers on the road, this is the fourth time
he has been unlucky, th ■• last occasion be
ing when he was running the Sunset Lim
ited and telescoped the rear of the Berke
ley local last September.
At 4:30 this afternoon the way freight
train, known as No. 78, was passing
Twenty avenue. The engine and
about half of the train had passed over
when one of t:;e boxcars' caught some
thing or was caught by something. It
was crushed into a mass of iron and
splinters afier it was derailed and two
other cars were also derailed and wrecked
before the couplings broke and the train
Was s;opped.
The train was going at a rood rat- 1 of
£te?d and. the accident occurred just to
lite westward of the Alameda electric
load crossing. There was apparently no
cause for the sma*hup. The train was
pass'ng alone all right, the flagman wa<
a! his post and had just signaled an ap
proaching electric car that was nearing
the curve about a Mock from the crossing
and the brakemen were at their stations
on top of the cars, when everybody was
surprised to hear a louu crash and to see
the middle of the train leave the track and
a minute later three cars were derailed
and wrecked.
The cars that were derailed were all
load d with hay, and as to ere happened
to be no brakeman on any of them no one
was hurt and no valuable freight was
wrecked.
It was a very ordinary accident, but the
interest lies in the fact that the officials
cannot agree as to how it occurred, and
cfter the smash-up it was impossible to
tell from the jumbled mass which theory
was correct or i: both were wrong.
Division Superintendent Wilder was
soon at the wreck and hit investigations
led him to believe that the crossing of
the electric road was not in good order
an i that in consequence one car was de
railed and the others followed. The fore
man of the electric road says that the
crossing wasa 1 right and that the accident
v»as caused by a brakebeam falling from
the first wrecked car and catching the
rail at the crossing.
After the accident the crossing was so
badly torn up and the car so completely
wrecked that there wao absolutely noth
ing to establish or refute either ex
planation.
The cars were badly smashed and the
rails torn up for some distance, and the
wreckers were busy till after midnight re
storing affairs ana putting the cars on the
tracK.
The local travel was disturbed for a
couple of hours, and the report spread
that a serious accident had occurred; but
this was no; the case. So many thousands
of people on both -ides of the bay u-e the
lecal trains betwe n the hour^ol 4 and 6
in the evening that news of an accident
coon spreads over the four bay cities. A
little after 6 o'clock the local traffic was
in running order and the electric cars,
which run on a loop, simply transierred'
across th« wreck and returned, so that
their traffic was not urbed.
George Carrol!, the engineer in charge of
the train, cannot offer any reason for the
accident, as the engine and halt the cars
ijad crossed before it occurred.
TO DESTROY THE THRIPP
Professor C W. Woodworth
Prescnb?s a Rem dy for the
Fresno Wine Pest.
He Sa7s Unless The? Are Exter
minated Socn Great D mige
W II Be Done.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 28.— Professor
C. W. Woodworth of the department of
entomology at the State University, who
was summonea to Fresno last week for
the purpose of investigating the thripp
pest, has returned. He has determined
on a remedy !or the extermination of the
pest, which be described to a Call cor
respondent to-day.
Professor Woodworth says the grape
vine hoj per which is causing so much
damage in the neighborhood of .Fresno is
a very small insect, not over a tenth of
an inch long. It has been present all
winter, flying about and feeding on all
kinds of piants. T.e reason of their pres
ent great numbers is the very favorable
winter that has just passed.
"These insec.s are now beginning to
lay their eggs in the leaves, and by mid
Bummer a new brood will be fiyine. Un
less something happens to check :hem we
will have them in immense numbers dur
ing the latter half of the season.
"Next to the phylloxera this is the
rnos; injurious insect attacking t c grape.
"The injury done by the present brood
is not so great a< many suppose, and will
only cause the dropping or ihe first crop
on the uont infested spots. They have al
ready done their worst injury, and it will
hardly pay to try to treat them now. but
when the midsummer broods be^in to
fly it will be very desirable to do some
thing.
"Tne most practical plan of treatment
seems to be the use ol nn inject net This
is made of a conical bag of cheesecloth,
fastened to a wire hoop about one and a
half feet in diameter, attached to a short
handle. One can go quite thoroughly
over five or six acres in a day, so the cost
will be some 15 or 20 cents per acre.
"A eang <>f men can thus do a vineyard
in a very short time. It will be profit
able to go over the vineyard in this way
whenever the hoppers get abundant.
"This insect is quite different from the
vine-hopper, which is sumeiimes injuri
ous about San Jose and in South m Cali
fornia, and nothing lite the .ra^shonpers
which sometimes devour the leaves in ihe
vineyards in this State."
Proiessor Woodworth is about to issue
an iiiuMratea bulletin discussing the
wiiole subject, which will be ilistrinuted
/ The Rosy Freshness
/And a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
Iriably obtained by those who use Pozzoni'b
■Complexion Powder.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
gratis from the experiment station upon
application.
Summer Courses
BERKELEY, Cal., April 28 —Professor
W. B. Rising of the department of chem
istry and Professor Frederick Slate of the
physics department announce that the
physical and chemical laboratories at
Berkeley will be open from June 17 to
July 30, and practical laboratory courses,
supplemented by lectures upon* the prin
ciples involved, will be < ff-red to teachers
and other interested persons who may be
qualified. They -tale also that det*ils
will be so arranged that both the summer
course in physics and that in chemistry
may be cariied or. at the same time.
University Programme
BERKELEY. Cal., April 23.— Recorder
James button of the Smte University is
sued the official programme of the closing
exercises of the institution this afternoon,
the various features of which are a- follows:
Wednesday. May s— Public examination for
the degree Ph. D. Ironi 2 to 5 o'clock p. m.
Semi-annual meeting of the Academic Senate
also in the afternoon.
Thursday, May o— ln the evening, reception
at the First Congregational Church to num
bers of the graduating class connected with
the church.
Friday, May 7— President Kellogf?'s recep
tion to the senior class mid 'duties.
Saturd-iy, May B— Class day. Concert at
Shattuck's Hail In the evening by Anton
ischott as a benefit toward paying the class
debt,
Monday. May 10— At 10 a. m., meetings
of toe several facilities lor recommendation of
candidates for graduation. Senior bull and
annual meeting of tne Sciei cc Association in
the evening. Aodres- by the retiring presi
dent of me as'ocintion, Professor A. C. Law
son, on "The Fooling of the Goiden Gate."
Tuesday, May 11— Annual meeting of the '
Philosophical Union.
Wednesday. May 12— At 10 A, M., meeting of
the Board 01 Resents at Berkeley for tne con
ferring of detrees. At2p M , commencement
exercises. At 7 o'clock in the evening annual
j alumni banquet at the California Hotel in San
ciseo.
Home for r Me Student*.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 23. — Th» ,
| Berkeley Bibie Seminary is preparing to
Some of the Men Who Have Undertaken the Task of Making a Success of the July Celebrations
in Oakland.
extend its sphere of work during the pres- I
ent year and provide not only free tuition I
but also a home for the student". The
seminary was opened last August uniier
the charge of S. M. Jefferson, D.D., who
was called to this coa-<t from the East to
assume the presidency.
"It i* our purpose," said Mr. Jefferson
to-day, "to have a large establishment
and, when it is desired, to furnish board
and lodging at cheap rates, though the
chief idea of the new enterprise rs the
providing of a Christian home or meeting
place. The home will be opened before
the beginning of the next college year."
Longfellow Memorial.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 23.— The
Longfeliow Memc-nal Association met
last evening at the residence of Professor
E. J. WKkson. Professor Albin Putzker
of the University was elected president
for the coming year.
A paper on Pa«teur, the French scien
tist, was read by Mrs. Uittell. Musicnl
selections were rendered by Mrs. F. H.
Payne. Mrs. A. B. Hatch, Miss Eleanor
D.ivenport, Mrs. William Carey Jones,
Mrs. J.Crawford and Mrs. K. H. Davenport.
A C ANDI DATE SWINDLED.
K. B. Tappan Paid for Distributing
Circular! That Were Mever
Sent Out.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 28.— The vari
oaa candidates have been turning in their
expense accounts as required by law.
Some of them have been facetious in their
remarks, but R. B. Tappan, late nominee
for City Attorney, U very plainspoken. It
appears he was maJe the victim of a
swindle, which he relates thus:
Paid $2 50 to one Jone« to manage the dis
tribution of 1500 circulars by nix boys. Jones,
instead of watching the Doys, watched the
saloons and got drunk. Jones was supposed
to have paid six boys; Instead, be employed
and paid but four boys. In the evening he ap
peared weil ioa led, with a little boy whom he
instructed no doubt in his first crime. The
boy was instructed and d;d ask vry for six
boy* and received it. The circulars were not
distributed, and I therefore do not consider
tbii expense in my total of expenses.
Drum-Kolneter.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 28.— One of the
prettiest weddings o: the season was that
of John 8. Drum of San Francisco and
Miss Midtline A. iiosseter, which took
place at St. Joseph's Church this morning.
The building was very prettilly decorated
for the occasion. Hign mass was cele
brated by Rev. Father Sullivan, assisted
by Father Kins- of St. Mary's and Father
McSweeney ot Oakland. Tne ushers were,
William Drum, James T. Rossetar, Dr.
Cagieria and Cbaries Willar-i. The maid
of honor was Miss Kessie Rosieter and the
bridesmaids were Miss Orana and Mi*a
Drum. The costumes were very hand
some. After the ceremony a wedding
break ist was served at the residence of
the brute's parent!*, 900 Grand street, niter
which the couple leu on their wedding
trip. They will make their home in
Oakland.
Object to High Fences.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 28.—Property
owners have a-ked the City Council to
restrict tbe height of dead lences around
unimproved property. Enterprising ad
vertisers have, in competition with each
otner. built up high board fence* all over
town, in such a meaner «s to be offensive
to citizens, and an o r d nance will prob
ably be paa-ed limit. i g t ieir bei lit. City
Attorney Dow says v.. t ftMMt twelve feet
shou.d be the limit, imw tuat they can be
made subject to ordinary police regula
tion*.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1597.
PREPARING FOR
TWO CELEBRATIONS
Active Men Placed at the
Head of the Various
Committees.
i Endeavor Day Has Already
Proved a Great Boon
to Oakland.
i
The 4 h of Jalv Will Ec Devoted
Mainly to Pageantry; the 13th
to Entertaining. >
Oakland Office San Fkancipco Call,)
908 Broadway, Apnl 28. j
If the two celebraMons to be held in July
are not pronounced iuccesses, it will not
be the fault of the men who have the affair
in charge. The chairman of each of the
committees is a man known for his activity
and executive ability, and in a great
measure the executive committee is com
posed of the same men who have made
such a signal success of the Oakland Ex
position the past two years.
, It has just about been decided that the
Fourth of July celebration shall be almost
entirely a military display, and that of
the 13th, which is to be "Oakland Day"
for the vast Christian Endeavor gathering
across tue bay, will be devoted to their
entertainment. The committee consists
now of seventeen, each of whom is respon
sible for a specihe section of the demon
strations.
Theodore Gier is at the head of the
finance committee; E. C. Gilbert, the ex
cursion committee; tl. E. Bunca is in
cha^e of the decoration-, Major J. F.
Ha.%3 will look alter the miliiary depart
ment, Lieutenant J. ri. Vaughn "is chair
man of the committee on speeches, John
T. Bell is responsible lor the press ar
rangements, E. C. Buswell hns the t.otel
committee. ex-Councilman Barnard is re
sponsible for the prov:sicn of carriages;
F. A. Webster, the well-known photog
rapher, whose admitted tact in grouping
| and arranging has extended far beyond
I this county, is chairman of the committee
i on water carnival and illumination; H. 0.
| Trowbridae is responsible for the enter
; tainrnents and Georpe W. Arper is chair
| man of the parade committee. P. M.
Fisher has also been assigned important
duties and A. R. Waters is at the head of
the rrception committee.
Many plans for entertaining the En
, deavorors and for celebrating ihe Fourth
are be ng discussed, but no definite plans
have yet been made. In former years no
difficulty has been exnerienced in raising
j sufficient funds for a Fourth of July cele
bration, but on these occasions, when the
benefit will be much greater than usual
the financial committee does not antici
pate an impossible task.
llThe value of having an "Oakland day"
for the Christian Endeavorera is becoming
more manifest every day. Many Eastern
papers, religious and secular, interested
in the Endeavor movement have written
to prominent clergymen in this city, ask
ing for lengthy descriptive articles of
Oakland, so that the delegates may know
what kind of a city :hey are invited to.
The latest of these so far is a very com
plete article in the Chicaeo Lutheran
Evangelist, written by Rev. Dr. Bushneli
Others have already appeared and several
are now in course of preperation. This
form of advertising Alameda County it
is hoped, will have a simulating effect'on
those interested in h*r we, fare and induce
them to come forward liberally and ener
getically to make, the 4th and 13th of July
days to be long remembered.
SOUGHT HER IN VAIN.
Wreck of a Ma. Who Searched the
World for a Runaway Wife.
Oakland Office Ban Fbancisco Call )
908 Broadway, April 28. \
Victor Nicholas Wester, a pitiable ob
ject about 40 years of age, was before
Judge Hall to-day on a charge of insanity.
For several weeks past Wester has been
in Berkeley gathering rags, sacks and all
kinds of refuse and trying to sell it to the
residents, assuring them that if they
would feed it to chickens they would Jay
golden esrgs. Wester is a man of more
than ordinary intelligence and he told the
court that he was cursed by being giv d
too affectionate a nature. Many years ago
in France Wester lived with a wife and
two little children. He considered him
■elf a happy and prosperous man, and
nothing tr abed him until one day an al- i
iened priest induced li is wife to elope with
him and they took with them the two
children. Since that time Wester has
roamed the earth looking for his family
whicti he has never fonnd.
Wester'o mind was not affected until
about a year ago, when, having riven up
all hope of living again wit,, his wtte and
children, his mind became unba anced.
In this connection a very pathetic incident
was brought to light. The poor leilow
arrived at v knowledge of the truth that
so many years havine elapsed since his
life's happiness was broken into his chil
dren, even if found, would not be the
same >weet little creatures that he used
to play with, but would be crown up and
probably would not even care to meet
him. This thought was more than he
could stand.
Mrs. Marcaret Knhn of Berkeley has
been so troubled w i h him of late that she
swore to ttie complaint ehftfarlnp him with
insanity, and he wa committed to Napa.
NOT IN THE MILK.
N.i Poison in the I ondemed Milk Sup
posed to Have « anind a
Child's Death
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 28.— As stated
would be the case, the health authorities
moved promptly in the matter of the sup
posed poisoning of a child by condensed
milk. The can containing the material
was rescued from the ash-birrel where it
had been thrown and the contents were
turned over for c finical analysis. A por
tion was also prepared and ted to a rabbit,
and up to tne present time the animal has
not showed the least sign of. discomfort
or illness.
Dr. Stephens, the bacteriologist of the
Board of Health, made chemical tests and
could discover absolutely nothing of a
deleterious character in the milk. The
chances are, therefore, that the utensils
used in preparing the food for the infant
hail not baen properly cleanseo, and that
the disease perms were conveyed from
them to th? child. The physicians give it
as their opinion that it could not have
been the miik itself as originally in the
can that caused the trouble.
A COLLECTOR'S TRIALS.
Offer of a Big C mmission That
Temp ed Him to Bs
Amb tious.
Arthur BroJerick W s Confined Three
lays an! May Bring a Civil
Suit for D mages
Oakland Office San Francipco Call )
908 Broadway. April 28. \
Arthur Broderick, a well-known young
fellow about town, is not particularly
enamored of the duties of an amateur bill
collector. As a result of his first and last
attempt be spent three days in the City
Prison, and when be got home he met
with a chilly reception, all of which he
did not deserve.
H. Furst, a Broadway tailor, is a friend
of young Broderick. Some time ago
Furst made an elegant suit of clothes for
Dr. Capbault, and the doc or has not yet
got a receipt. In conyeraation recently
Furst ws" discussing his business with
Brolerick, and incidentally, mentioned
Capbauli's indebtedness. Broderick p.t
once announced that it would be the
easiest thing in the world to collect that
bill, and Furst agreed to give him exactly
half of whatever tie collected.
Armed with authority from Furst Brod
erick went to Dr. Capbauli's house; ho
presented the bill, and did a little talking
Id pianissimo tones, but all in vain. He
talked a little louder— moderato, as it
were — but this had no effect. Nothing
seamed to move the doctor until a double
forte m odulation was reached, when Cap
bault said: "Just w.iit a little while and I
will settle with you."
The doctor went out and sent bis little
boy for a police officer. When the blue
couted gentleman appearea Dr. Capbault
greatly surprised the amateur collector
by touching him on the shoulder and
handing him over 10 the officer on a
charee of disturbing the peace.
This all happened last Saturday night,
and I'.roiiericK remained in jail without
any charge being against him till Tues
day, when, us no complaint had been
sworn to, be was released. The period
between Saturday and Tuesday is an un
fortunate length for people who stay
at the City Hail. It is just thrae days,
which i* the length ot ilme the police
Judges detain those who imbibe too freely,
and when young Brodericfc appeared on
the street amung hi- friends he was made
the victim of a good deal of curiosity and
suspicion. iHeevenhada little trouble to
persuade those of ha own hornet at he
had b en locked up illegally. He now
declares that he may bring a civil suit
aguinst Dr. Caj bault for false imprison
ment, but he aiso says that if he should
be awarded <lamax<"B he will not try to col
lect them nlmself.
Mr. Furst said this afternoon that he
felt sorry for Brodericfc's cxi erience, but
stated tbat it was the young man's own
suggestion that he go ana try and collect
from the doctor.
The fac-simile j^rtf _//&», s?~* ** ou ever wrapper
•ignature of Wuz&ZAGUc&K • of CASTOEIA.
HAYWARDS WILD
MAN IS CAUGHT
Declares That He Is More
Wicked Than Sheriff
White.
Interesting Effct of a Mania
That Kesuted Frm
Re igion.
Edward Koop h Perfectly Sane, Ex
c pt When H R ds a C mmaod
From Above.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 2& f
Edward L. Koop sat for bal a:i hour to
day in Jud/e Hall's court, and ol that
time he discoursed ntionally for about
twenty-eight minutes. The remaininc
two minu es ne gave evidence that he was
ac ually crazy and not safe to be at lar«e.
According to hi- story this same propor
tion of sanity and insanity has prevailed
roughout his life for the past five years.
Koop has just suffered from one of his
wild .spells,. He is ilie mau who passed
Monday night, which w.is bitterly cold,
i:i a canyon near Haywards, robed in
nothing but a sheet, because the Lurd had
told him to do so. His case is a very in
teresting one. He appears to be an intel
ligent man, uses good language and has a
splendid memory. Five years ago whle
a' Newbure, Obio, he met with some re
ligious people and been me impressed with
their octrine. He was soon led to be
lipye ihat he was the wickedest man on
ear:h — more wicked, as be said, than
Judge Hall or Sheriff White. This sense
t'f sin comes back to him at intervals of
about a year, and while it lusts he cannot
tell what may happen. He does no: feel
inclined to kill, is not destructive nor
violent in any manner, wishes no one any
harm, but is continually looking on tank
houses an i trees for commands from
heaven which he says he would obey in
stantly.
Mouilay night ne was reading his Bible,
the marks in which clearly show the trend
of his mania, when an unbidden master
told him to go. He did not know where
to go, but just at tbat instant a sun spot
centered on the verse in the New Testa
ment which reads, "Go ye into all the
world." Koop at once dive-ted himself of
his clothes, was given a sheet at the Hay
wards Hotel, and ran into the mountains.
Early yesterday mornine a dairyman
when returning home saw the uncanny
figure In the middle of the road hailing to
him to stop, but instead of obeying he
whipped up his horses, and, according to
the stury of Constable Kamage, drove
posthaste to his ranch.
Koop told Judge Hall that he is well
nware that he is insane, and grieves over
the fact, but he beli«"ve9 that in a short
time he will be able to get rid o! bis sins
and then be troubled m> more. His story
ana experience bear much resemblance to
tome of the old tales of witchcraft of ihree
centuries ago. He will be confined in
Napa, where he has been before, and at
the end of a few weeks his sanity will re
turn and he will be released.
THE PAEDEE WILL.
Agreement Filed and the Document
Will Be rrnbated.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 28.— Attorney
Moore commenced proceedings this morn
ing for probatirig the will of the late Dr.
E. H. Pardee. G. B. Daniels declared that
tie was present when the will was signed
and tuat Dr. Pardee was perfectly sane at
that time. Prior to the petition for pro
bate an acreernent was presented from
Mrs. Emily C. Pardee dismissing the con
test to the will and the case was dropped
from the docket.
Dr. George C. Pardee testified that his
father left an estate worth $280,000. Of
this amount realty valued at $230,000 is in
ibis county. Eight thousand dollars is in
liank. Property in San francisco it worth
$50,000 and household furniture $10,000.
INSULTED HIS WIPE.
A Man Guilty of Battery Who Will Not
Be Punished.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 23.— Judge
Clift, by a judgment this morning, ac
knowledges the right of a man to protect
his wife from the attention of other mnn
anil also uphold the law. Alfred Wil
liams frequently stopped Mrs. Grinter on
the street and annoyed her by walking by
her side. Mrs. printer told him his atten
tion was offensive, but he did not desist,
and finally Mr. Grinter gave him a
thrashing. Grinter was arres ?d and the
evidence was plain that he had thrashed
Williams, so Judge Cliit found the de
fendant guilty and suspended judgment
indefinitely.
Must Buy Clothes at Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 28.— T c Police
and Fire Commissioners hava passed a
resolution ordering the men in either de
partment to purchase iheir uniforms ftom
merchant tailors in this city or be sus
pended for sixty days in case of violation.
REAL ESTATE l EANSACTIONS
Hlbernla Pavings and Lout society, German
Savings and Loan Society. Joseph and Mary
Cuneo. Oeo \v. and Alary J. Hartman, <;io
\ Mm I and Adele Podesia. > larence > . and Emille
\V. Burr, J-.ilmuml C. and Anna P. Burr, Lucy B.
Jlolman, Mary N. and Jonn W. Allyne to Murray
F. Vandall. lot on NE corner or Filbert «nd <>ough
streets. X 412:6 or N 276. quitclaim deed: 910.
Adeialde M. Marks to Gertrude 1. Mailr. son, lot
on >i \V corner of Waller aud Fierce streets, M
.7:6 by W 112:6: gift.
Kdward J. and Catharine T. Turkington to Provl.
dent Loan Association; lot on \V line of Masonic
avenue, 125 * of O*k street, 8 25 by \V 108; $10
Theodore »nd Bella Kothschlld to William F.
and Ann Klein, lot on h line or Clayton street. 126
Is of Kelt N 26 by B 106:3: $10
BerthaKrltschtoChar.es Altschnl. lot on ,YE
corner of Twenty-fifth and Bellevue reels. N
>BG:H, X 25U, » 12t>:8, W 125. S i:UO, \V 126, block:
IS, .Not- Garden Homestead: « ID.
William C. Klrketerp to George W. Hughes, all
Interest la the estate of Christian Kirketerp: also
lot on -> line of Hush street, 162:5 w of Jones. W
66:9 by 8 137:6: $1500.
A. S. ana Emma C. Baldwin to John Ryan, lot
on \V line of Pennsylvania avenue, 250 Bof Ne
vada street, s 5 ■ by \V 100; $10.
Henry and >t-laa Meyer to . runic J. Devlin and
Thomas H. Pa ncbe. lot on \V line of Twenty
ninth avenue, 225 .N ot C glreet. > 50 by \V 100:
»10.
Martin Mullrr to Agnes I* Muller, lot on N line
of L. street, 57:6 W of Korty-fourih ;.venu--, \V 50
by N J00; a. ■ > lot on SW corner of X street and
Forty-fourth avenue. \V 57:6 by 8 100; 1460
Anastosla Bennett to James H. and Lillle G.
Kellly. lot on h line of Wbiney street, 400 Not
Knndall, X 25 by X 126, block 27, 1- ai.-moum :
$10.
."„-... AI AMU' A COn.NTV. g/^
Mary Ann Black to Mary K. i.ncbanan, lot on !•:
line of Filbert .street, i.94 8 of Ti.ird, s 25. E
83:10, N 25:4%, W (48:4 to beginning, being ,ot
14, block 441, Oakland: gift.
K. A. and r.lir betn D. Heron to Ciiaili-s Wled
ershrim, lot on YV line of Fairvn-w av-enup, where
said point la intersected by N line of allt-y w.iy
betwet- i) lot* 13 and -H. block A, Lincoln Park.
ihcn.'f ■ '.'5, W '.10, to X 'JuO to tieglnnln^,
ponton of lo 13, block A, i.lnco n Park, Oakland
Township; *10.
Adi-.ia •>. Hawlev- to Evan W. Morgan, lot on H
tin •of Weston venue, 75 W of Silver street. W
25 by s .Oil, being a por ion of .01 2, block C,
Broa way and IVlrgrHph Homestead, OaKlanJ
Townsnim quit' latm d>el: fslU.
J. t.. ana C. E. White (by lax Collector) to M.
Mci'auri, lit 1), bli ck I), and \V hair of lot 12,
blocK D, vi division of portion or blocks U and D,
L'urr.sou T/mc. 1!it«-I»v, tax d-nl $.'. • • .
| tv Ix and l)e Una Marcuse to t ran. L. Kau>, lot
on S line of Taylor avenue wh>-re » me is in er
reeled by ilia line ai v.'.mi; Aiuhlnbku n 'J.^arre
from Cbipoa»n X 111-acre tract, said potiit beiug
Auction Bales
USTIUIUT AI.IIOJ.
This Day (Thur* i ay), .it 11 A. 81.
At 74 JACK".!) >. STREET.
FURSITURH OF 14 ROOMS.
This Da (Thnr«d»y), a: ! V. M.
At 71< Howard Street, .Near Third.
FBAAK W. BI.TTKKFIi 1.1), Auctioneer.
• 602 Market street.
ASSIGN^ SALE. I
PROPKR V Or 11. v. SPAULDING
-A.'? AUCTION :
TO-MORROW.
Friday April 30. 1537.
At 11 IOCk a. v.. at
I'orner Sixteenth and Val--ncla Streets,
15. I'rder of iiertitor ■, we will .>ell ilie ntir stoo<
of Ho so-, Carriages. Bu^^ies, WHgonet:es, Carts.
ys, . xpiesiani Delivery \\ a.Oas, H.ir.icai,
Ro.es. Blankets, etc.
ieruis, Cash. 11. G HOI.MKS Assignee.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE,
Offlre— 3 17 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
distant 2«57 E lrom East -Niutu street, I. 33 by N
l - being portiuuol Chlpman E 111-acre tract; Al
ameda; flu.
Uuildeis" tract*.
Frank Koch with C. KrecKer, to erect a thr-e
--story Luil'l ng on-line of Page street. 76:3 t of
scon; *>» (i -,d <& Kohlberg . clikeetv *28u0.
Alary bhepli.rU with Pelt- rson & IViason, to
erect two twe-.tory ir»me bindings on Sifi corner
of seventeenth :i •! Col:lng»ood a. reels: W. H.
LI lie arcnUect; $4«
John Craiz with Liole .t -on. mI erat'on« and
additions M three-story frame bdllalns! on W line
of Chattanooga street. 30 s of 'twenty-fourth;
Rowell & Coilins architects; $2040.
HOTEi, AREiVALS.
K\ SS HOUSE.
B fJalloway.Walnut Ck F B« dfe dt. PUcerville
N Fassaii, l'lacivi le W L Low, i.os Ang-es
Miss C J Pratt. <■ a. W 11 Jor an, Oakland
11 D Garnet A w. Seatt ! « F M Wilson. In>l
Mrs M E letli on^.N V Mrs E Truuttnan, Colo
Mrs it Kranz Colo M iss X Krantz. Colo
>. Glllosple. Ariz B W 1^ llioa, Cal
Mrs D Kineeu, Preston .vlrs Jli Cainbs. Preston
J Combs, Prr-ston A M t hetl, -aim .s
Mrs 1 > Dodee, C-il 8 M Park, . os Angeles
." rs M Shi. ver, Portlnd J 1- Kuisiow, >ta liosa
\V li Miller, UKlali D Tanner, Uklab
H <' Davey. U*l J W Whi c. t al
D W CarotliN, Sta Kosa I- N I n.i.-i woo I, Vallejo
JK icbolsou, Fresno F s wit &w. -acto
C T Colombe:. -acto J Van St .n. Ch.cago
G BincKiey. Cnicago \V W At wood, Ciiioago
Mrs Day, Val.ejo It s Kiiric- , Orov He
J X Sun b, Oroville E J Decani s. Wi.lits
F v Fassett, llt-al<Uburg W . iiayes. Hoiltster
P H Noonun, sta Kuiit II c liave . cai
J G Meyer, Cal T Mitchell & wf, Del
W Haven Point Arena Mrs W J Williams, Cal
D O Rivers, Wisconsin Mrs A Hliies.Cleveiand.O
Miss B F Powers, Ohio N Wll Is, Los Angelas
F E Brown, mn Jose W Townsend, N V
0 B Kverston, Los Am; J Thompson. Ma Rosa
Mrs J A Gey, oaklana W H .lonian, Oakland
M. Wils -v, liolllstpr W H Bradley, Loj An a '
GRAND HOTKL.
L Her z, Cal J B Johnson. Chicago
F A Laoer. St Helena J A Lipmnn, Mayoert
Mrs AI) Brown, Mich Dr H l brown, s>aii Jose
J Musgrave, cat W p Thomas, i;ich
J 11 McGuughlan, Cal W Jones, ritocktoa
T Jan. i ■<, s oc>(ton L L Chamberlaiu, Cal
R P Lathrop, Hoi. ls er Mrs J C Eden, St Paul
A SGarretso-, lowa Mrs W O Robinson, Cal
Miss Jtob us n, Stockton W M Klnney, los Aag
Mrs liarri-., Montana Miss J Harris, >.outaiia
Miss s Morris, Montana R A Mnaiev, Mass
P M Brown, San Juse J II Fie ds & w, Illinois
B Barnac. Lou on A J Airson •£ w.Aiameda
Mi«h Airson, Alameda T Uil iann &w, Sacto
V W Crysler, Detroit E B Dejor, Portland
W Ash <t w, Berlin F \V Mensfeiu, sta Cruz
N I oss, Cai N Series, Gonzales
E Carney, Lompoo E J Ray, Louipoc
W II Weub. sa.lnas J II Curl ey & w. Oakdale
V J Delny A w, < al X L Wl holt, Stockton
F V Dwyer. s-cto H Howara, Stockton
TS Prey, Hanfard E Graham. Chiuo
E Milier, Stocfciou F P Black, Sac .lose
R s Brown. Petaluma T L i-icic.ns 4. w, Cal
E a Forbes, Cal R Bryan, 1.l
B Miller, Sao Jose h. R biade, San Jose
M A May nurd, Su gun
LICK HOUSE.
F r> >Mro\ Stockton Dr o s-erpennann, N J
H E PlcKett, P acerville J X Garrett, Marysvile
X Cos?rove. Fresno C King, Hanford
M M Sheldon, Poitland A L Harnor, Seattle
Lewis «. urtes, Ceres D B Fair banks. Pelalutna
Mrs X S Brlsco, I hico G H Jackson, YuLa City
I Nugent, Ft-ri dile L Kennedy, Eureka
C F Smith. San Dle<o S P Dorspy, (irasi Valley
l,(i Johnson, San Jose J R\V*l3h<£tv,spencerv.e
Mri E 0 Whee'.er, N V Mrs M X -toudaril, N V
J Bier, Grass Valley H V Brizzard, «erkeley
F H Kvans, Los Ang H P Tayler Jr, M Valley
II To<ld, Oakland E Howard, Oakland
J\V Kenyon, Sta Rosa Mrs J 1' Steams, S Barb
W o Ross, Visa! la B L Bartlett. Los Gatos
J Bree, Gtass Valley Miss C Bree, Grass Valley
Mrs E E Stewart, Stocktn Mrs Holmes, .-tockton
C W Caryl, Denver LChouillon, France
E W Allen, ban Jose A C Move, Chicago
W W Seamau, sacto
palace hotel.
J B Peakes. Santa Cruz U B Holllster, Denver
J Altschtii. N. V' A Acheson, Chicago
W 11 Dally, England H H Hlnshaw. Ca>
C X Hall, nng and C W Perk, Chicago
F M Whitney, S a Barb C s Moch, Ohio
s li Wan-cki, Ohio I Joseph, > hlo
J T Hazen. I hio W L Cha.nber.s, Wash
J W ftout, NY J Parker, Cleveland
C B Park, r, Cleveland Mr< C B Parw^r, I level nd
V T Procter, Utica H S Lamey. Denver
Mrs F T Proo.er, Utica C X Conder, N V
J E Devtr, Water .ury Mrs C X louder, N V
H Epstein, li.lcugo J I tanitershlne, Los Ang
R Graham. Los Aii£ X W Powers, n V
M L Elliott, sta Rosa R Cran< on Scotland
W M Cros«, Chicago Mrs R Cranston, Scotland
Mrs (i A .No/es. Mass D » 1'.05.-iibaum, ttocktn
J A Blythe, Salt Lake J Holmes. Ohio
R A Trimble, N V I>r F B lyes, Chicago
Mra J 1 Blythe.SltLake Mrs F B lyes, Chicago
J Dooiittle, Pa W L Stewart, Marysvile
C A Cogsnell, Ore E Ryan. Mich
Mrs J Doollttle, Pa Mrs E Ryan, Mich
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
ELa Chappell & w. Cal il H liogeu. R«-no
L Wiluio:, LlVtfrmore M It 1 uJ!o\v, Sau Anion
Miss A Ludlow, » Anton h. S Ward San Jose
C Btuiy, San Jose J L'alilson, Itutte
Mrs McKay, Butte J \\ smi h it m, Benicia
A G Thompson, Seattle Miss L r-urnnieis.
Mlsi Q Wainey. Seattle MUs G buz.u:e. Oregon
B uussell, Peorta M \\ hippie A w, i unada
D RiorJan, Stockton J Brown. .North Ontar.o
A B Paxton <& w, ' al L 8 ade <fc fan, Chicago
J Byrne, Handsbur^ F Fonerty, Auerdeen
1> 1" Fogerty, HoaMsbrg Q Huiet, Aberdeen
Mrs J Wl -Furqubar <V. - J Morey. Aberdeen
< hn, Aberdeen A C Carter A w, Reddlnc
Miss J L Kimbi.ll, Fresno
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H J Harks. Milwaukee R J Kucien, Valleja
OC Scnultz.-, Dlxon G » I'yer, Alv rado
L s Roicce, !-auna:ito H J Louis, Stockton
J A Banton, NY DM Stewart A w, Cal
E Williams, Toronto W Davis. Oskalousa
T B Mil on A w, i al E H Knapp, Boston
W Boyle it w Boston a Bettens. Cal
D E : oli n son, Cal G Munn A W, Cal
Miss MUton, >ausa ito J Zemansk , Sacto
C E Metzger, JN V G \V Jeius, Detroit
Raphael Lake. Cal B P Barker, livermore
Capt Wickham.sMpHaleW U Uomalne, N V
J Votypka, Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L 8 Jones. B!evese:ie J Kelblams. Depow
J Harris it w, Boston J L Luret <fe w, Boston
J A Brown ifc w, OblO C Bunyan Aw, i.oston
H Newton, s. attle B CUtn & w. seatl c
S Eitongas. S.aule C Soulhick. Tacoma
F Farmer, Taco.ua P A l.mc, Colv lie
O D I'alie i <fc m, E'mira R hobinnon & v. , Fresno
I>ENXISTS.
VAN VRoOM & CO.'S KLECTRO- DENTAL
rarlors, 997 Market su ; lady attendant: no gas
or other dangerous »tiFßsihetics given; electric. ty
the gr-at agent used to relieve pui.i; teeth filled
ana extracted p .inlessly by our new electrical
process; a written guarantee given with a '. work
done; lowest prices, best worif ; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Williams v, M.D., p.iysiclan
and surgeon: examination free by the u>e or our
new eleculcal appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns; bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; rats speriaiists; painlesi
extracting, with gas, fl; p aii's, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
TOULL SET OK TKKTrt, $7; WARRANTED 5
X years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted flu y.ars: till lugs. £0c: crowns, id <6'
CH 1C NT A L PARLORS, 24 Sixth stre«-,
ffl» T FULL SET TEEIU: BJh^r MAKE-
tp 4 . kept l-» repair; extracting free; nllinßs.SOo;
crowns, $3 Bu.- Pacific Dental Parlors, If Third.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk st.
POSJITI V . i.V I'A t A . E-. - kj( 1 It ACT lON. DR.
X. HARDINu, bOOSutter cor. Pc;well:i. i.ma1u5375
Dit. J. J. ltr.K. U2« IJAKKKT- »!'.: OPKX
evenings: Sunday 1 till n..on. deutlairv taught
| 'ULW.. J.i . iAL A.-^Oil i.O -. BOb-iAit-
\J Jtet St. UK. CUARLK • W. Dr.. XXi;.
<3j/7 A SET FOR li.kiH_W A. RANTED Ai
O< food as can be miJc; tillii:? $1 DR
dentist, t»3u Market it., next tin. .i win 'l heater.
pAI.NU,.vi r.XTUACUo.V. M>c CHOWS
X oridge work • special ty: plates $5 up: ISyeart
uperlenco. K. l. WALSH. UD.s.. blS^i Geary
i iK. i.fDLc Ji JUJ.u li*& ilAKKil' si', ML
XJ Eleventh; do charge tor extractinj whea
plates are made-, old plates made over lUa new;
tteta Irom id par i*t: extracting 60c: gas iiVeu.
|i-i.r.0::.,-, W. LEEK. THK UKNCINS
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extracttoa
and patentee of Improved bride* work or tMta
without any plate, moved from oto i.O c/ iarreUu.
it W OKK i >.A.-\V AND WA«
I jHL *am«o. UJB. J. W. Ay, liiiQ Matiiet H,
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTMEEItS.
salesrooms— 1 135 Mnrkut atiou;.
THIS DAY.
ThursflaT/ April 29. 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., at Salesrooms, -■-.'i.
1133 3lark*t Street. Bet. 7>h and Bth,
. ...WK WILL SELL- ...
STOCK AND FIXTUKKS OF HAIK
AM) STATION. .'ICY STOKK,
.... COMPRISING....
1 Wax Fißure, Genuine i orioise-shelt Co-nb* and
Hair Ornaments, ac« Powdeis Routes, Hair
Tunic, luma Hair, Wigs. -,wiuhei. Toilet Ar-
tie es: also Lead Pencils, Pea.*, Ink*. Writing
I ab;es, Books. L 'te.- Paper or c ole st quail y,
100J .soveU, 10 Me .showcases. Counter's,
Mir.ort, (-.Us. Partitions. Draperies, Plc.urts
Drying '■love. i.d every him; uppcrtaining toa
rirs.-. I. aii an I statio i.-ry .Hore,
Also 1 Dili 1 oor aie.
«.:ii.AS. Li VY & (. ii , Atict oneerj.
micAi,
ALL CASKS OF MO.N 1 H..Y bPI'pr.ESSIOS
(from whatever caus^) reslore<l In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; boms in connnement: U>s; rare and
privacy; regular physician: 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies lor monthly
suppression never lail : every case :eed:co:i-
tuitalion Jr. c. conriden la : hoi:r< 10 10 6: pilWsL
MRS. Dit. WVKTH. 910 P«st st. near l.arUlo.
Dl . J. 11. JO>SI-JLV.N, lilt. OKi.Al' &Pfc.ClALr
U Ist, still oiTeM his va uab.e services to the un-
!oruua:e. With amiuil ma ured aid eurictied by
studies of nn advanced onier. there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c r« Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. Ills knowledge has teen tstrenscn-
rued by extensive experience. W>> case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond his sure con-
trol. Ills fema.e monthly remedies are sure
rale in their ••fl-ct<. His tried and valuable reme-
dies lor lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted for both y<.un.- and old.
lie excels art others in in- cure of private diseases,
over 6-J years of practice ennb.e« him to warrant
a cure lv all cases. Consu.ia.ion parlors, UUtt
Market st. Call or write direct to 'Ma Aluritet j;..
rourns 11 and 1-.
I'IiOUKSS'IHAIiS PERFECTLY HARM-
Jcsh: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
retia. no mutter what cause: no elec ncity hum-
COfc or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a care is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with .sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DIV. AND
SIRS. DA VI Ks, 14 McAllister BU, next Hiberma
1-fctjlc: noun. 9a.M. to 5 and /to p. v.
A LL LADIES USE ~
ii .
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars call
or send 2c stamp to Pacific Coast Agency.
XX ARD MEDICAL CO., 323 Spreckels build-
ing, 927 MarKet St., S. F., Cal.
PROCK*S 'UlAf SKVKB IAILS TO RK-
A PROCESS IHAf StVKtt iAILS TO KK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few honrs when medicines
end others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. Mils. DR. ii.\LKV, 1126
Maricet at, over the Owl Drugstore.
* NtW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
.^V Etrument vied: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; resto es always in one day; can be sent
and used a; home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be bad at my oftlcu: advertised
20 years. DX. POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAP -A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e ills-
ease-> (no matter wtmt came): positive y safe and
sure: no danger or after effects; taken In time it
also ac s as a preventive; price $160 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WKQESER, 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and curing confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: best care; terms moderate; babies
adopted In good families: consultation free; pills
ittl OOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients: best skill.
tree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B KNGLIBHPENNY.
-LJ royal Pills .Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles." in letter by return mail;
atdrnggun's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
A LPEAUB FRKNCU PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A dies with ietnale troubles; no dancer; safe and
' sure: 92 bOexpressC. O. D.: don't delay until too
late. ObGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland-.Cid.
H'RE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfactloa guar-
anteed by MR* GWYEK, 226 Tdk si.
*LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND PIS-
XX. eases of the eye permanently cured at 51 U.S.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
T\XS PRAE'Si FEMALE REUULATINO PILLS:
XJ safe and efficient eminenagogue: (1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drnggists, 406 Clay st.,soleagu,
S>URPA!-SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
) troubles, diseases. MRS.DX. PUtTZ. i^iy a 4ttu
I jR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, >'iiAi*
1-' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PROPOSALS.
CAN FRANCISCO, CAL., APRIL 8, 1897.—
O sealed proposa s, In triplicate, will be received
here and at office of Quxrlermaster until 11
o'clock a. if.. Monday, May 3, 1897, and then
opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year com-
mencing July 1, 1£97, forage and straw <or sari
Diego arracks, Cal. ; also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Ale atraz Is. and,
Angel Island, BenUia Barracks, Fort Mason, Pre-
sidio of San Francisco and San Francisco, Cal.
.Government reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids, or any prr thereof. Preference Riven
to articles of doni.st'.e pr. duction. conditions of
price and quality (Including In the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of A merican pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast to the ex-
ten: of the consumption required by the public
service there. Ail information furnish- d on ap-
plication to Quartermaster at San Die o Barracks,
or to undtrslgned. Envelopes containing bids to
be indorsed "Proposals for Forage and straw."
and addressed to -. ai-i Quartermaster, or to Jam.
M. MOORE, A-i-isiam Quartermaster-General, U.
b. Army, Chief Quartermas.er.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY SUPPLIED— 36
X New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.,
April 26. 1897. Sealed proposals in triul cue will
b» received here until 11 o'clock A.M.May 27.
1897. aid the:i ope cd. for furnish mc this depot
for supply of Stationery. Packsadd c Blankets,
Hardware, Horse at.d Mv c Sho s, <ia'v. Iron
Buckets, Alcohoi. Packing Boxes. Stable Brooms
Leather, Oils, and otner miscellaneous stores.
Preference wi 1 b« given to articles of tie mystic
production and manufacture, conditions of price
and qua ity bei.ik- equal (inclu in; In the pric ■ of
f< reign promotions and manufactures the duty
thereon), and sue.i prerereme given to articles of
American production and manufacture produced
on tne Pacific oast to .be exte lof the consump-
tion reqn red by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or >.ll proposals or any part thereof. Proposal
for delivery at other poms will be enter:, inert.
information furnished on app icatlon Envelopes
will be indorsed "Proposals for Supplier" and ad-
dressed JAS. M. MOORE. Assistant Quartermas-
ter-General, U. S. Army, IV pit Quartermaster.
===================3
LEGAL NOTICES.
■VTOTICE TO CREDITORS— OF JOHN
1> SCHWETSCH R, deceased. Notice is here-
by given by the undersigned, A. C. FttisKSK, ad-
ministrator tf th- stuts of jijWS SCHWET-
-BCHKK, deceased, to the credltcn of. and all prr-
sons havlnsf calms against, the said decea.-ed, to
exhibit them wt;h the necessary vouchers within
four months af it the first publication of this
notice to the said adminis ratorat room 35. Chron-
icle building, corner of Geary and Kearny sts., th«
same being his place lor the transaction of the
i us ! ness of the said estate In th • 'city and county of
San Francisco, .-sia:e of California
A. C. FRhESK, Adminls ra or of the Estate ot
JOH.N SCHWKTSCHER, deceased.
D«t-d at San Francis o, Apr 1 6, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator
THK CALIFORNIA DKBRI< COMMISSION
having received app.icat jo •■ to mine by the hy-
draulic process fro v CIiAKLE* and BEN HOW-
LET i. in the Howlett claim, near Columbia HI. I,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings in .\iiapp Ra-
vine, mid from the MargUTiie Gravel and Quarts
Mining Corapanv, in the .Marque it.- mine, in
Eureka Mining district, .Nevada i < unty. deposit
tailings in a ravine, gives notice iha-. a meeting
will be held at room 69 Flood building, ban Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on May 10, 1897. at 1 :.--0 F. M. •
CUTY AND COUNTY TREASURY, MAN
) Francisc •, April 16 1897.— 1n compliant*
with the provision of sec ion 6 of order 1598 of
the Boar i o Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public auctiuu by K. a. .
-ar ■£ Co., at their salesrooms, Ml and 33 .-utter
street, on
MONDAY. MAY 17,.,-
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
for of San Francisco, ■ s <ieti.iled In an Inventory
thereof on file in tlie effico of lie • lerk of the
Bo of Supervisors, and <oi si.sting of jewe ry.
wearing apparel, pi oU knives, etc.: also a lot of
trunKs. valises, clothing. e:c. property of deceased
rsons received from the I orouerot this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
,-..!.:.*.'?•■ ■ ■ A. C. WIDHKK,
City and Conn Treasurer.
■ ■ ===
f^\. J>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&S^S*M (i H'l^ f FAKXVST - Establish^
a Dr. jGfibbon's Dispensary,
(>iir>K E AB.\r)tT. Established
in I *»4 for the treatment of Private
Ra/»lfcJK«| Diseiises, L<mt Manhood. Debility or
(■kSSSnKk* disease wearing; on bodyand mind and
skin Diseases. Thedoctorctireswhe*
otherslail. Try him. Charges low;
(niHKonnnifrd. Culiorwrit^
Or. 4. » . *»IBBQSi. Bqm. 1897.5aa Vc&ucke*
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BtTBINEBS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat,l/-
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock eyerj
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery •treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes Btreet. open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 I arkln street : open until P:3O o'clock.
BW. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; op«a
nDtll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
107 Ninth street; opeu uniil 9:30 o'clock.
ISOS Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
■treats: open till 9 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
W&S* MOUNT MORI AH LODGE NO. •
*£& 44, F. and A. M.— Officers and mem-.A.
bers are respect fully requested to assernble^J
THIS DAY, Thursday, at 2 o'clock v m ' v '
for the purpose of a: tending the funeral of our lute i
Brother, HENRY BkUNNEN MYEKs. By I
order of the W. M. THEO. FRoLICH. Secretary.
»-735» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. *
B-& / and A.M., will meet THIS (THUKS- A
DAY) EVENING, April 29. at 7:30 o'clock. jE5f
Third degree. R.- order of tue mas' er. /n^»
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
tt^S' THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS ♦fcfr.
BF-iS' of Boadcci» Druldlc Circe No. 3 are fry?
hereby notified to assemble at their hall, 413 Mat
Sutler st., on THURSDAY, April 29. at 1 M..
for the purpose of attending the funeral of our lute
brother. Past Arch Druid PHILLIP ROIIR-
BACHKR. tin Supreme Arch U. A. O. D. of the
United Stales.
JENNIE MaRINO, Arch Druidess.
John Hdtios, Secretary.
9T& V. A. O. D.— TO ALL GROVES SUB-
***& oralnate to the Grand Grove of Califor-oS
nla: You ar*- requested to attend the funeral of T *" i
our late brother. PHILIP ROHRBaCHER, su-
preme Arch of U. S. and Past Noble Grand Arch
of California, from his late residence, 310 Fulton
su, at 1 P. v, thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
St., at '1 P. m, under the auspices of the Grand
Grove of U. A. O. D.. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. By order. J. A. DEVOTO. N. G. A.
J. J. Moi.i.ison. Sec.
•^sy=» THK OFFICERS AND MEMBERS^^ ,
Wr^& of Hartnaicle supreme Arch Chapter 222*?
No^ 3. U. A. O. D., are hereby notified to as- yTfiJT
semble at their hall. 413 sutler si., THURSDAY,
April '.9, at 1 o'clock sharp, for tne purpose of at-
tending the funeral of onr late brother, Supreme
Arch PHILLIP BOH ACHE R.
ALBERT S. HALL, Chief Druid,
John lldtto.v. secretary.
»T^g» HESPERIAN GROVE NO. 15, U. yftj
w*£r a. O. D. — To the officers and members:Eixs
You are requested to attend the funeral of our- 13 *-
late brother, P. ROHRBACHER. P. s. / ., from
Druids' Hall, 413 sutterst.. THURSDAY. April
29, at 2p. M. Fines for non-a dunce will be
strictly enforced. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery By order H. MENKE, N. A.
J. J. Mollikox, secretary.
WPE* THE IRISH NATIONALIST M
m-^ and their friends are cordially Invited tLA
to attend the twenty-eighth grand annual re-tV^ !
union and picnic given under the auspices of 'Mr
the Knights of the Red Branch in Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley, on SUNDAY, May 2
THE COMMITTEE.
*-]g' ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
tt^*' annual meeting of stockholders of the
Hutchtnson sugar Plantation Company will be
held at the oflice of the company. 327 Market St.,
San Jraucisco, Californ;a. on TI'KSDaV, the 11th
day of May, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of dire, tors to
serve for tin ensuing year and the transaction of
nun other boslness us may come before fie meet,
ing. Transfer books will close I- rid ay, Anril 30-
-at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
W?~$F THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF
m~-& eood-, ho«iery, underwear, bedspreads, tnw-
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings, trim- |
mings vei im;>. etc.. very ciieap at Pioneer Dry- i
goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
|t^S» THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
.Or**' Asylum and Home Socle. y hereby give
notice that they have admitted i to the orphanage
from Jiitiuary 1, 1897, to date, the following naif-
orpban girls and boys. viz. : David Jo^epn, aged I
10 years 10 months; Robert Joseph, aged 8 years j
6 niontbs; Milton Jurescb, aged 3 years: Doitl* ;
Mayer, aged 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3 I
years William Siiverman, age.) 13 years: David |
Sliverman, aged 11 years; Joseph Siiverman, aged !
B years; Albert Silverman. aged 4 years 6 months: j
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Ralph Deutch,
aced 8 years.
t£sS' C. I* TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
•■-*' to redeem ttunk at 1654 Market su
«^S=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4
ft*-" collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co. 415 Montgv «'.. room 0: tel. BSSO.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FEMALE.
T^ UMBER OF GERMAN AND SWEDISH
-Li girls awaiting situa.ious at MRS. HIRO'S,
721 Ellis s:. ; telephone Sutter 52.
• QWEDISH HOUSEGIRL; GOOD COOK AND
w? laundress: best of reference: city or country
$20. MRS. NORTON, 314 Suiter.
POSITION DESIRED AS COMPANION AND
X nurse with Invalid or aged lad;-: medical refer -
ences. 1530 Eddy su ; call afternoons
•RESPONSIBLE MIDDLE-AGED MARRIED
-IV couple will take the best care of home durinz
absence of fumlu-; best city references. N. R.
box I^3, Call Office.
/■■"OMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN, LATELY
KJ from the Kasl, Is good coon, will do general
housework. 10 Wetmore St., off Clay, Deu Mason
and Pow, 11.
AMERICAN LADY OF 28 WISHES POSI-
-ii. tlon as working housekeeper in widower's
home; care of children; retined; home more than
waiei. 11., box 20, Call.
POSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
I- or a-i.-is'.ant In doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. AdJresi s. F
box 131, Call Office
DRESSMAKER^ GOOD FITTER, WANTS
more engagements in families; is accustomed
to good work and children's dressea; $1 per day .
Address S. E. D. M., box 18, Call Office.
■yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION IN
X private family or lodgir.g-hou«e to do general
housework: wages $-'5; first-class Cook. Apply
Btf<l Fourteenth st- : call or address.
"VroUNU WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
X do general housework: is good cook and laun-
dress; cl:y or country; wages $16. 367 Jessie st..
Dear Filth.
■V"KAT AMERICAN WIDOWJ |(ELDERLY)
Xl wishes position as housekeeper: KOod cook-
used to children: widower's family preferred- pay
small. 432 V 2 Na:oma st.
-IVTANTED-LAUNDRY WORK BY STRONG
■IT middle-heed Protestant woman: country
hotel or resort; no other laundry hep kept pre-
ferred; first cla»s. Call Laundress, l-_'3i Market.
SITUATION BY YOUNG LADY TO DO
homework and assist cooking; no objection to
country. Please call for two days 364 Minnas*
near Fifth." " .
\TKAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO GO
XX to the country to take car- of children. Please
call 158 L:xtn;ton aye., bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
t enth.
■V"ODNG EASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERI-
X ence and refinement wan is housekeeper's place
In bachelor or widower's home. Room 2, 829 lost. |
pOMPETENT AND EXPKRIENCKD YOUNG
\J lady d. sires position as typewriie/or compan-
ion. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 suiter st. "
V ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSKKEEPER
In widower's family or for bache or- best
references: city or country. M. a., 1553" Fifth
St., Oakland.
L.SPECTABLE. HONEST LADY, HAS BOY
Xt aged 4 wants si nation as housekeeper In nice
family, also Is t,ood nurse; no trlflers. tal l'"2h
la issiun su
ELI ABLE YOUNO GIRL WI-HES A SIT-
XV nation to do houseworK or charaberwork-
Bleep home; wages $12. Addres* 9 Crocker st'
off .uarkeu . - '
Till DOLE- AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
i'J tion as cook lv German or French famliy £08
Franklin st.
•yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO i
Xdo second work or assist at housework. 2422 a
Greenwich st.
EXPERIENCED LADY'S NURSE WISHES
engagement; first-class doctor's references. 117
Tenth st.
■V* T(jMaN DESIRES work BY THE day
If or week. 15y a Fourth st
■yoUNG WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day: washing and housecleaning: $1 and car-
fare. 61 9 Natoma st.
■\y ANTED — A LADY WITHOUT INCUM-
»T brance will take care of a small house tor tue
summer; references. Address J., box 30, CalL
pERMAN WOMAN RAIDED IN AMERICA
VJ wishes situation to do housework; wages from
$10 to if 12. Apply tiO'J Howard su
HOI WORK WANTED BY A COMPETENT
XX woman; Is a good cook: good refeteuce. Call
488 Jessie nU
V A CO.- PI-TENT MIDDLE-AGEDWOMAN,
general housework; city or country; best ref-
trences Inquire 521 Minna st., rear.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION
Kin family tO do second work. Aadresi 1517
(Sacramento st.
YOUNG. THOROUGHLY COMPETENT COOK
X and house worker drslrcs a situation: city or |
country: best of references. . Apply 321 Ellis bt. I
"L-iRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS ON LADIES' j
X and children's dresses wishes engagementß by
the day or week. 229 Capp st. .
A MERICAN WOMAN. GOOD WASHER AND
J\- Ironer, good laundress and houiecleaoer, $1 a
*-»-■ aud carfare. Address L. 11., box 7y, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contfnnoii.
VOU.\(i LADY PREPOSSESSING AND RE-
X fined wants a place In bachelor's or widower's
home is housekeeper; no objection to country.
207 Post St., room 1. >A;
"yOCNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
J. housekeeper, or will do piain sewing. B.JI Mis-
sion St., room 5.
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
J\. lady (French) wants a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Post.
TRONG. COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES
situation at housework; wages $10. Address
H. \S.. box 79, Call Office.
"WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY:
If washing, ironing or cleauin?. Api<ly 411 Polk.
WIDOW WISHES GENTLEMEN'S PLAIN
TT washing; no extra charge for mending. Call
222 Eddy bu, room 2, basement, bet. 10 a. m. and
8 r. m.
pOMPKTENT GERMAN WOMAN, WITH
V,' daughter going to school, desires situation; is
good cook and seannire^s: wa«es $10 to «15. Ad-
dress B. E., box 148, Call Office.
yOUXO GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X to do washing, Ironing and housecleanlns. Ap-
ply 1022 Bryant st.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
X ,i- second girl or for general housework; no
wash'ns or kitchen work. TH. 11., 14^4 Franklin
sU, i akland.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
"- " cooking and housework. Address 1310 Jack-
son st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL TO
O take care of children and arxtst in housework.
Apply 108 Linden aye., off Franklin s .
EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
Xj position in dellca y department; first-class
carver. Call at 1525 J'ine sU
pEFINKD YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE
XV situation as nursery governess; plain sewing.
627 Bush st , near Powell.
yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 120 a Eddy st, room 7.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER OR STEW-
ardess oa deep-water vessel. Room 12, 109
Grant aye.
GOOD SEAMSTRESS DESIRES FAMILY
O sewing and children's clohes; $1 25 per day.
Address MRS. B. G., 3334 Nineteenth st.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER, PRIVATE
X family, or assistant matron in in; it ut 10 ) ; have
had years of experience as invalids' nurse and
housekeeper. 1512 Vailejo sU
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY WISHES A POSI-
II tlon as housekeeper for widower or bachelor:
will do mending. Cull after 12, 120 Ellis su, room
17. second floor.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
x»l to take care of lady and do light wort, Ad-
dress 936 1- 11 Deri st.
"y.iUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X for upstairs work or children. Apply 24
Eleventh si.
I')ROTESTANT GIRL, 16 YEA SITUATION
X 10 do light housework in nice familr. Address
or call a*. 1625 churcn St., near Twenty-ninth.
SITUATION WANTED TO DO HOUSKCLEAN-
-0 ing and washing. 1205 .-teiner, upitalrs.
"yoUNU LADY (PARISIAN) IN RKDUCKD
X circumstances would li^e paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, bachelor'^ or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Market st., room 31.
STRONG vou.nu DANISH GIRL wishes
work by the any, washing, ironing or house-
cieanlng. Apply 1331 Fulton su
A MIABLE AND ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
x\. French widow desires permanent position rs
housekeeper in ho. el, oa heior's or widower's
home; no objec ion to country. i-!. 2, l2o Vi Geary.
A CCOMPLI-HEI) AND REFINED YOUNG
-TV lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place,
or will be companion. 122 Post at., room 2.
i' 1 ' LA.. KiN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JXO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yoiNo eastern widow, experienced
Its housekeeper, desires a place in hotel, bach-
elor's or widower's home; no oojectlon to coun-
try- 223 Post su, room 1.
AU OMAN WANTS WASHING BY THE DAY;
I* $1 and carfare. Call 717 Tebamasu, nr. Bth.
EASTERN WIDOW, LA 1 OF FIFTH ST.,
desires position as housekeeper. »09 Kddy si.,
room 12.
yOUNO, ATTRACTIVE WIDOW WOULD
X like a situation as housekeeper: city or coun-
try. Apply 138 Fourth st., room 4.
yut'.NO LADY DESIRES A POSITION AS
X nurse to an Invalid, helpless person or an in-
Jant. Address 2805 Sixteenth su, cor. Folsom.
■yOUNO AND ATTRACTIVE " EASTERN
X lady desires permanent place in bachelor's or
widower's borne as housekeeper; no objection to
children. 223 Post sU, room 11, second floor.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MIS
slon; branch office of Thi Cm. but>-
■scriptlons and want ads taken.
EXPERIKNCED HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
like positun In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. Ap -ly 88 Ninth st.,
room 17: call after 11 a.m
PESPECTABLE GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED
J k man and wife wish positions in boarding-
bouse: wile pood cork; man todochoies. Apply
this office or 180 Second su
VTOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place: good disposition: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post st-
f'-l C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JXfJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED HALE.
CHINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS:
VJhelp; teL main 1997. BRADLEY <fc Co. .640 Clay
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment oflice, removed to 614Va Califor-
nia su, near Kearny. '1 el. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice: best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
AM KEE— CHINESE AND J A PENESK EM-
ployment office. 511 J/j Hush st., nr. Grant aye.
TAPANESE, CHINESE EM PLOYMT
O waiters, housed eaners. 30 Geary: teL Grant 66
GERMAN AND WIFE DESIRE A PLACE
* I on a ranch; man understands vineyard and
orchard work and wife good cook. C. H., 812
Kearuy su
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
Eastern cutter; 15 years' experieuce: only
thc>s« wonting first-class man ne«d answer. C,
box 9, lull.
;
AS COURIER, valet AND INVALID at-
-^V tendant; speaks trench, German and English;
thoroughly experienced. Courier, box 141, Call.
AKKR (GERMAN), GOOD ON VIENNA
-1> breai and rolls and cake, lately from the East,
wants sternly place. EINSER, 39 Market St.
THIRST-CLASS FRENCH GARDEN It DE-
T sires situation In private famliy; j.ood city ref-
erence. 1 nil 327 Montgomery aye.
VIRST- CLASS CARRIAGE AND WAGON
[ J blacksmith, also horseahoer, wishes situation-
city or country. N. 0., box 75, Call.
yOU.NO MAN WISIIKSSITUATION IN COM-
X mercial bouse; wages no object. Address
9uBVi Howard st.
BY INTELLIGENT INDUSTRIOUS MAN, TO
care for private home: thoroughly underitan is
gardening, horses, poultry, milling; please give
lirs: chance J. H., bjx 10. Call Ollice.
WA NT D- POSITION BY MAN AND WIFE
IT with 12 years' reference: no incambrance;
would take care of office building or rooming-
, house. Call or address 237 Eighth su
BLACKSMITH, HORSESHO. R AND GEN-
eral workman; can do some woodwork- city
or country. Call or address 20.1 Clara su
HIGHLY EDUCATED GENT! EMAN, KIND
disposition. Vi.st knowledge different branch-
| es, speaking several languages, seeks position as
tutor, corruanion or any other 01 confidence; sal-
ary moderate: references given. Pleaio address
DR. GRAMMONT, 1106 Van Ness aye.. city.
/•I k -BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
KJXO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work- city
or country. Address J., box 64, Call Office. |
BY A GERMAN, GENERALLY USEFUL-
XJ understands gardening, care of horses, driv-
ing, milking: city reierei.ces: moderate wages.
P. M.. 674 Sixteenth St., Easi Oakland.
\. IDDLK-AGEDMAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
J»l care of horses and gsrdeu wishes situation In
private place: ciiy or country. B. M., box 123
Call Office.
"I^XPKRIENCED MAN AND WIFE WISH
Xj position; man as barkeeper and wife as cham-
bermaid. Address or call G. de T., 271 Minna st.
pARPKNTER WANTS WORK: FIR.ST CLASS
V-' on job and repair work. Address C. W., box
84, Call Office.
"L IRST-CLASS TINNER WISHES POSITION-
X I city or country. Address C. T , box 37, Call. '
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS SITUA-
O tlon. GEORGE X., 22 Prospect place.
yOUNO GERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X janitor. Address 26uy 2 Natoma st.
f»l C LARKIN -BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VJAO CALL: rubscrimions ann want ad« taken.
C> OOD WHEI-LWRIGHT .'ND WOODWORK-
X er wishes situation: no objection to country.
I Address JOS.M'H STOUTER, San Leandro, Cat
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
y ■ : . - ... • -.' '^ ••■.•:■•
SITUATIONS- WASTED-Contlnn»«.
STRONG, RESPECTABLE BOY WISHKS TO
work on a ranch; small wages. 1206 PoU st.
TjMRST-CLASS SHAMPOOER DISENGAGED:
X ric-iiiiinenilHtion; city or sprints. Address
Massage, Postoffiie, Berkeley.
RELIABLE, STf.ADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
J-V:ion i round private place, city or country, to
take care of henes and buggy aid make iiimself
RTieraiiy useful; is a lair gardener and is handy
wi h too s EC box 75, la I Oflic-.
INDUSTRIOUS YOUNt* MAN WISH'S SIT-
X uatton as driver; also hand/ at machinery or
b.acKsuitilinisr. Address L 0., 239 Twenty-seventh.
VnWvJIIVALKT TO INVALID GENTLK-
-»-' man; gives massage; h ghest reference. Ad
dress Nurse, box sl, Call Oflice.
i*\ C LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
v/Xt> CALL, subscriptions and want ads taken.
SWEDISH MAN AND WIFE WISH WORK
on farm; man gool farmer, teamster, can ao
blacksmith ivorK; wife is good cook. 340 Third.
SUBSCRIPTION* A.Mi WAN i ADS FOR THK
O Call taken vi brancu titlico, Hit liaytrd »v;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
vror to WORK. BUT to manage, super-
XI Intend or prepare for sale landed properties,
an elderly single gentleman of broad experience Is
open for employment. Address b x 4'A Clover-
dale, ( al.
ANDSCAPE-OARDENER AND FLORIST;
20 years' experience; good references : wishes
position. Address L. KOBiiRT, Santa Clara.
/"COMPETENT HOUSE- PAINTER, WITH
\J tools, wants work for private parties, by the
day or piece work: will work cheap. Address
Paint, box 79, this office.
WANTED- POSITION AS DRAUGHTSMAN
» • In architect's office: salary no object; good ref-
erences. Address H. C, box 10, Call.
BRANCH OFFICE OF CALL. 107 NINTH
X> bu— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
JAPANESE (VERY YOUNG BOY) WANTS
O situation as schoolboy; ; wages no object. Ad-
dress T. s., box 16. this office.
P. 07 MONTGOMERY CORNER OF CLAY—
*.)£. I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
IT Market: 200 rooms v:sc to *1 60 per night:
»1 60 to $tf per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and bargace 10 and from lfc» ferry.
FKUALE HELP WANTED.
2 NEAT WAITRESSES, SAME COUNTRY
A< hotel, $20 each MUKKAY dt BFADV, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 836 (. lay st.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN
VJ with child over 4 years of «ge to cook, etc , on
ranch. $20; young woman for housework and
cooking, counir. . 120. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-630 Clay st.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, MILI VALLEY $25:
San Jose, $25; Eureka, $25; Oakdale, $ 6:
»an Mateo, $25: Benlcia, $25, and other towns;
35 housework girß city and country, $20 and $-5.
8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
3.'3 Suiter st.
GI RL FOR CHAMBERWORK AND PLAIN
X wash: mining town; $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
OOK, FRENCH FAMILY, $35: SECOND
VJ clrl, same house, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
butter st.
VTEAT, REFINED GIRL TO MIND CHILD 3
-m year* and sew, $la. MIS-> CLLLEN, 323
Sutter st.
PASTRY COOK; $35 TO $10. MISS CULLEN,
X 323 Sutter tt.
SKCOND GIRL; $V 5. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutler st.
VrURBE! SLEEP HOME; $12. MISS CUL-
i-i len, 323 Suiter st.
HEAD WAITRESS; $25. MISS CULLEN,
323 Suiter st.
NURSE; $25. MISS CULLiiN, 323 SUTTER
-Ll sir- et.
RESTAURANT WAITRESS, $5 A WEEK.
MIS • CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
COOK AND SECOND GIRL. $25 AND $20-
V 7 same liotu'. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter su
"VEAT YOUNG HOUSEWORK GIRL, $25
i-\ MISS CULLEN. 323 Butter
pOVERNhSS, $2O MISS CULLEN, 323
VJ Sutler sU
«
• __
■yOUNOFRKNCHOIhL, $12: NURSE CHILD.
I MISS 01 LLKN, 3.3 Sutler sU
O WAITRESSES. HOTEL, CITY. $20; 2
— . waitresses. reMaurant. city, $4 a week: ironer,
cou try hotel, *2j 60 aid found; Ironer, Ouuitry
laundry. $35; 2 cooks, private family, country,
*26; Done girl, sleep home, $10; gin to assist
waiting, $12: t> gins, housework $'<:0: 8 girls
housewori, $15. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 110
Geary st-
IRL. SCOTT ST.. $15; GIRL, DEVIBADERO
St., $15: girl. Van Ness aye.. $15: girl. Jack-
»oa st.. $15; girl. Llverrooie, Cat, $15; girl for
bakery, $15; girl, Vacavllle, Cal.; girl, Ellis St..
$15; girl, 'lurk st , $15; girl. Mission St., $15:
Slrl, Poirero, $16; girl. Golden <>a:e aye., $15-
-gin, Kedwood city, $15; girl. Fell su, *15; girl,
Hrodenck su, $15: g.r, Eddy St., $15; girl, Oak-
laud, $15. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market.
GIRL, COUNTRY lIOM (- , $;-:0, CA LL EARLY ;
girl, McAllister. $^0: girl. Flllmore. $*6; girl,
St. Chnrlei st., $25: girl, Jackson si.. $.0; girl.
Sianis aus <"ouiuy, $20, see party here. MARTIN
CO.. 7.9 Market su
Q GIRLS, SMALL RESTAURANT, $12 AND
*> room: waitress, $4 a week; 3 waitresses, coun-
try hotel, *20 and loom: 4 waitresses, new ras-
tauranu (5 a week; 2 chambermaids and wall
some, $20 aud room. MARTIN & Co., 749 Mar-
ket su
o waitresses FOR Oakland restau-
O rant ; see party here 10 a. H. MARTIN <fc CO.,
749 Market st.
WOMAN (AND CHILD AGE 13). COOK AND
it helper, smalt restaurant. MARTIN <& CO
749 Market st.
3 WAITRESSES FOR ONE HOTEL. *20 AND
room each; city; call early. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market nl.
O CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT SOME: $20
A and room; call early. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
ECD.ND GIRL. CITY, #15: SKCOND GIHL.
k~ $12; second girl, $20. MARTIN & CO.. 749
Market st.
WAITRESS FOR MINING CAMP: CALL
TT early. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market sU
GIRLS FOR B>X FACTORY; KXPEuI-
. need. M ARTI \ _ Co.. 749 .Market st.
Waitress who can- play PIANO; RE-
»» sort: hotel. MARTIN i. CO.. 749 .Market su
"U 7 '- < ' NT ED — IFRKNCH MAID AND HAIR-
'» dresser, $30; French nurse and second girl,
$25; 3 waitresses for nice coff e-house and restau-
rant, $5 and $ti per week: Protestant girl for
housework In country, $25; colored tclrl for hcuse-
woric in country, $25: a number of young neat
seivaMts for ho seuor* at $16, $2 and $2.% per
month. A] ply to J. F. CROSETT <£ CO., 320 but-
ter st.
COOK. SANTA ROSA $25: STRONG WOMAN,
\j bottrdinc-house, $25: upstairs girls, $15 and
*20; laundress, $25; 25 girls for housework, city
and country, end a number of young girls to
assist. JdK.s NORTON', 316 Sutler St.
O GIRLS; GENKR\L HOUSEWORK. MRS.
O SPENCER. 1321 Park st, Alameda.
T/XPERIENCKD CLOAK AND SUIT ALTEH-
J -« ation hand to work home or more: must thor-
oughly understand business arid be nod fioUher;
Kood filter preferred. Apply forenoon 20 ban-
some st., upstairs-
A TED- YOUNG LADY WITH $300 AS
>< partner; must be Industrious and of good
character; advertiser is in business and needs
help. A ; dr. A. R., box 51, Call Office.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL. G()i D PENMAN,
to assist with light housework and as com-
panion; reference. Apply 418 Montgomery st.
p ERMAN GIRL. 14 TO 16 YEARS, TO AS-
VJ sist In light housework and mind baby; wages
JO 10 $S. Call 2410 Folsom st. 6 .
\V* ANTF.D-SWEDISH GIRL: GOOD PLACE-
IT good wages. RICHARDS, 1118 Market St.,
room 2. /
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSK-
X wnrk, small family, good home, $6. 1610
Vailejo st., near Polk.
\V ANTED — RESPECTABLE GIRL OR
it womai In small family; $7 to $10. 1309
Eddy st.
ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST' I. V LIGHT
II housework. 258 Clinton PatK, beu Dolores
and Market -i*
OOK, NO WASHING, $30; GIRL FOR
\J housework, 2ln family, light work, $18. 721
Ellis st.
GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL. HOUSEWORK;
must be good, plain cook. 8978 Nineteenth su
OPERATORS WANTED AT 1825 UREKN-
wich st.
p KRMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $20.
VI 417 Powell su
pERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND
VJ downs airs work, $25. 417 Powell at.
■\roUNO GERMAN GIRL AS COMPANION
X and to assist. 417 Powell st.
pERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, 1
VJ grown-up chill, $10 to $25. 417 Powell si.
A PPRENTICES AND TRIMMERS IN MILLI-
XV. nery store at 692 McAllister bu
a PPR ENTICE IfOJi DRESSMAKING. , 952
J.\. Mission SU
HELP W.4MKI)-<'ori(t,iiiM.
TirANTED— GERMAN GIRL TO DO C )OK-
»' Ing and general housework. Apply 1003
Gearv «t. ■ .
1?INI8HERON PANTS. APPLY 206 MINNA,
tt , corner Third.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; NO
washing. 214i /a Oak st.
FIRST -CLASS WAISTHAND: ALSO AP-
pren.lce 4a Antoula st., off Jones, near Ellis.
GIRL 16 TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK
and care or baby. 2523 FoUom su
IjUNISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 604 O'FAR-
-1 rell su
\y ANTED IMMEDIATELY— A BUSINESS
" woman, mature age. to superintend workers
for wholesale house, A., box bB. Call Office.
STRONG YOUNG GIRL: ASSIST IN
bakery: housework; German preferred. Cor.
Eleventh and Howard sis.
DRESSMAKER WANTKD; FIRST-CLASS
skin-maker; also first-class talloress. 604
sutler st.
A MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WANTED-OIRL, FOR UPSTAIRS AND FOR
*» children. Call from 9 to 12 a. m., 1151 Oc-
tavla st. '\ ;-
~\y ANTED— 2 SMALL, SINGLE FURNISHED
" rooms for young man and mother. Address
E. L. P.. 858 Mission st.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJt
J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
APPRENTICE WANTED FOR DRKSSMAK-
-CX. ing; one living at home preferred- 1010 Geary.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR PLAIN HOUSE-
X work: email' wages, but good <hance to learn
practical midwifery and nurs ng. MR*. DH.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
"WANTED— a FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
M coats. 4111/2 Kearny St., room 2.
GIRL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 2
In family; 910; bet. Sand 11. 1918 a Golden
Gate aye.
('-[ X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THI
"J-" Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; call and see our mammoth Ins. 1 ution.
McDowell's. 103 Post su
Q. F. DRESS-CUTTING L— FRENCH
O. tailoring taucht; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hous». 44 Third su. near Market:
-V) rooms; 25c to 91 6J per night; $1 60i09i
per week: treo 'bus aud bnggasa 10 and irom ferry.
/■•I X LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
U1 O CALL. Subscription* ann want ads tnken.
91 ALB HELP WANTED.
?Ln FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
OU hands, $25, $20 a month and found: 8 milk-
ers, $30 nnd *20: i'O woodchoi>p*rs, *1 10 a cord;
30 laborers and teamster*, city and country work,
$26 p»-r month and lournl; 15 drillers, $1 50 a day
and found and $1 75 a day, city and country: 10
ranch teamsters. $20 and found: 3 curb-setters,
gi anile, Xc pur foot: cooper 10 mike lime barrels,
country blac-smlth helper. MURRAY & REA-
DY, Leading Employment A cents, 634 and 636
Clay st.
6 COOKS, £20, $40. $50 AND $60: 4 WAITER*.
l» $20 and barber, country shop; bellboy; 6
dishwashers. 9-0 and $15; pantrymen who can
maKeeool salads. MURRAY &RE » DV, Lend-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 C ay st.
(^O MORE TEAMSTERS FOR LARGE BANK-
UQ lug company, 920 per month and found;
cheap railroad rates; paid first ev-ry month in
cash. MI'RHAY & READY, Lending Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su, telephone main
5848.
IUANIKD- 2 TUNNELMEN, $2 DAY; 10
'» laborers. 91 75; man to run gasoline engln-,
91 ".5 day and board; carnage p»ln:er, $3 oar;
blacksmith's helper, $15: milker, .$22 50: cream-
ery butiermakcr, a;!& and found; ».-.snunt
dener, $15; old man to care tor poultry; 6
wootlcboppers, 91 and 9' 25 cord: farmers, *15
and *.O oionta and $1 tiny, and others. Apply 10
J. F. CivOoSl'T i CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— MAN TO CARE FOR
*' for place; butler, 9^5: lunch and dinner wait-
er, $5 a week; bt-dmatker :or Institution, JvO and
fouud; hotel waiter, country, .f.O 10 $26; kitchen-
mau and others. Apply 10 J. F. CBOatT'i' A CO.,
628 feacrameuto st,
TV" ANTED — OFFICE AND ERRAND BOY
" for country, $7 a month and found. J. F.
CHOCSKTT A CO., 628 eacram. niu su
•1 SHU-CARPENTERS. COUNTRY, 93 DA A.
0 see party here; horseshot-r, country shop, $12
a week; car:enter for a country hotel, $*5 and
found, see party here: 6 farmers, d He cut ranches,
$'.'0; 2 Scandinavian or German farmers 9-0; .-.
iarmers lor orchards, $2.0; 2 farmers, near city,
$16; 2 young men to work around hotel grounds,
country, 916; 10 laboreis for a quart y, 91 76 a
day. C. R. HANsEN ,£ CO., 110 Geary st.
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, NORTH,
kJ 960 and fare advanced; third cook, restaurant,
$bO. butler and wife, with good references, 945;
laundrymitn and wile, country laundry, ftO:
lroner on Troy machine, country laundry. 936;
oy.sterniau. restaurant, city, a 35. C, K. HANaEN
A CO., 110 Geary st.
MAN AND WIFE FOR PRIVATE FAMILY,
MS: wife to cook, man 10 work about the
place; must have good references: see party here.
C. R. iiANhEN CO 1 110 Geary su
\/J ANTKD— WAITER, fib; YOUNG MAN
"• to wall on table, country restaurant, $20 and
found; y«nng man around saloon, ci untry, $.5;
butler, $40; butler, 935; indoor set van.", *25;
young man mound private place, country. &15;
German boy, private pace, $10, etc. A.nDKE'o,
308 Siocciou st.
OOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $35: DISUWASH-
KJ tr, 115: vineyard-hand. 920; farmhands, 915;
farmer and wile, on .ares; hotel porter, »15;
cnoreman, $1!»: solicitor, li. T. WARD & CO.,
tiUM and 610 Clay street.
\\r ANTED-BRIGHT YOU ({ MAN. WITH
»» sjme knowledgo of photography, 10 travel
with newspaper correspondent.; *lv a month and
all expenses paid. Apply tv W. D. EWER A CO..
626 Clay su
SECOND COOK. 935: SECOND COOK. 97 A
O week: cook, hotel, $50 and loom: dmhwasher.
$-15 and room; dish wanner, $10 and room: young
man lor restaiiraut, llgni work, 94 a week, board,
etc.; waiter. £th and ruom; dishwasher, 912 ai.d
room: boy for bakery; boy to wash dlsnes; lunch
waiters. MART JUS & CO., 749 Market sU
SECOND HAND ON CONFECTIONERY,
etc.: ace party 111 office 10 a. K. SiAitTlN A
CO., 749 Market su
COLORED WAITER, 925 AND ROOM. MAR-
\J TiN CO.. 749 Market St.; see Dany in office
10 A. M.
"YOUNG MAN FOR CHICKEN RANCH:
X milker 10 «o south; ranchhaud. 915. MAR-
TIN ACi 749 Market su
DISH WASHER: COUNTRY HO! EL; $20 AND
room; call early. MARTI.% A CO., v"49 Mkt.
AITER. 9J5 AND ROOM. MARTIN &
»» CO., 749 Market st.
OYSTERMAN, $30, BOARD, ETC. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
\iAN FOR PRIVATE PLACE, $15, ETC
•iVI MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market su
VEGETABLE GARDENER, 925. BOARD
etc.: call early. MARTIN A Co., 7i9 Market.
"I O LABORERS. 91 75 PER DAY. MARTIN
-I*- A CO , 749 .Market sU
O GERMAN COOKS, 930 TO $35 AND ROOM.
0 MARTIN A CO., 749 Market su
PORTER; 916. MISS CULLEN, 323 BUTTER
i- street.
BUTCHER WANTS SITUATION; UNDER.
1* stands all branc les In butcher business; also
hotel or restaurant; country preferred. '-7ao
1 wenty-sixth su
\y ANTKD- MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
• » gardening, poultry, care horses and cows. Ad-
P. i)[j CU " bfflr ' room 17, 1003% Broadway,
T|OCTOB WANTS A BOY 14 TO 17 FOR HIS
±J boara. clothing and expenses. Apply in per-
son, 4 < 2 1 hirieernh st , Oamand.
r\AKLAND 15c BARBER-SHoP; CENTRAL
\J local on; slcicness cause of selling. M. X.,
box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
000 LIVE HASH AND DOOR M KER
VJ wanted. (ail at Pacific Manufacturing Com-
pany, 075 Mlstlun st., bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
i'iV.? HE MAN AND PRBtbKR. GOLDEN
JJ West Clothing Renovatory, lsi Montgomery si.
BOY. AGED 16 YEARS. RESIDING WITH
parents; relerenies required. 130 Powe.l sU
JAPANESE CONTRACTOR WHO CAN FUR-
"tan Japs. Address X., box 19, Call.
Lunch waiter wanted. &28 fourth
street.
ERRAND-BOY TO MAKE himself use-
Xi ml In tailors place. 221 Sixth si.
G 0 PAINTE WANTED: CALL EARLY.
VJ 3728 Twenty third »L. near Dolores.
q^AiLOR; FINE CUSTOM I OA'l GOOD
X wages; tteudy worn. c 266 Minna si.
A N TED-BLACKSMITH'S UELPEK 1221
»» Webster s..
MAN PRBSSKU ON COATS AND TAlLOR-
esses wanted at 1306 Market st
TMRsT-CLASS LADIES' TAILOR WANTED.
J BOWIIAY, &04 Suiter et.
or:9f> MISSION. BT.— BRANCH OFFICK OK
—• » —\) iv* call; »uMcrlpuoaa tatd want ad*
taken. •
HELP WANTJiD-tontinued.
C JN r l,i-MAN WITH J25 TO INVEST IN A
" * profitable, legitimate business. 181 Mon-
gomery su. room 16.
STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
orders in store and collect: experience not nec-
essary; must have $100 cash and be satisfied with
918 per week to start. 777 Market si., room 7.
<g»r*ri ELCCTRIC ENGRWING; NO EX-
tusUl/. p rience ronul ed $3 a day. STRAND
Jt RICHARDS, 1118 Market et.
9O(| HAVES- BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
«-»•-» t/ Call: subscriptions and want ad» taken.
"IVr ANTED— MAN OF BUSINESS ABILITY
»' to represent liquor-house; must have good
references. C. L.. box 158. Call.
WANTED -A RELIABLE BOY. AUK 17, IN
'» grocery; references required. 1019 Pacific st.
TWO MEN WITH $SEXPKNSE MONEY CAN
secure permanent positions In country town.
Apply at 9 Geary st , room 2.
\\" ANTED— MAN WITH $150 TO ACT AS
'» treasurer of variety company going on the
road. Man ger. C. R . box 95, Call cilice.
"LMRST-CLASSTAILOKSON LADIFS' CLOTH
x coats and suits; anply Immediately. U.
LIEBES Jt CO., 184-138 PossU
pOATMAKKR WAN i ED— TO WORK INSIDE;
\J steady work for good workman. 597 Mission
St.. THOMAS E. Kt.NT.
FIRST-CLASS BARBKRS FURNISHED BY
X International Union Free Employment Bureau
34 Fourth su, ihe Modern. I. LESS, Secretary.
Di«h washers wanted AT THE troy
Hotel, Union Iron Worses, Twentieth st.
ISSEK WAITKR AND DI-HWASUER.
116 Turk sU rear: call after 8 a. m.
9^9K MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A.\D
**U-j\J want ads taken for THE CALL.
COATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
\J A. M. at Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES
LYONS', London Tailor, 7_l Market st.
Q E. a— MOTHER SICK. WRITE.
IJARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X» P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' KMPLOYMis..\X'
kerretanr .H. BERNARD. 102 .--eventu st.
OOQ HAVES oT.— BRANCH OFFIOB OF
000 lutt Call; aubacriptioiu ana waui ads
taken.
T ADIKS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING. tOe:
\J fine shoes made 92 up. 662 Mission st.
9flOn pair, another lot MEN'S SHOES,
"""" been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 562
Mission st., bet. First aud second.
\\r ANTE D-MEN TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College. 138'/ 2 Eighth,
ELCHOUOU>K. «t>3Vj| MARKET ST.—
20c. 25c 10 lite ui-jtlh: *1 to .*•_' ween.
{XO7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICK
•'— i ci'lUkCauu: warn add taia auuacriptionj
taken.
rriHE ROSEDALE. 821 ELLI«— CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-house north of Market at.
U'ANTr.D-LABORERS AN MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
lor, still mas Denver House, 217 Third bt: 14J
large rooms; Ssc per night; 91. to $J per week.
EBIMON WANTS 100 M.-.N To i.XT HOT-
. tie beer or wins 6c: Best free lunch. 643 Clay.
J£><7 NINTH Sl'. —BRANCH OFFICE OP
1\) I 'luu Call; tubscripuuu aua waul ads.
taken.
Bfc>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, In. 20 AND
1> 25 cents per night: $1, 91 25, $1 60 per wee*.
I'arlTic House. Commercial and I.eld esrtorn* si*.
1 |W| MEN TO TAKK LODOINU AT lOC, 150
1 «'■' and 20c a ulghu Including cuiXim *ujl rullt.
124 Washington su. near Kearnv.
SINGLE B'iOJIS 10c AND 15c NIGHT. 60c
and 75c week. Llndell House, sixth and ll wad.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH Sl'., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of 'lvi Call, (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
\L ANTED. TOCOLLECT WAGE-; DUE LABOR-
• > ers«cierlcs KNOX Collection A«cv, 110 sutter.
'Pill acme house, v'oi market si.. Hii-
X low islxtn. for a room; «.6i » night: 91 a »m;.
HOOMS. 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO *1 50
XV per wreK. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
\\T ANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
*' Thk Call are taken at Branch office soou*-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis. > ■ . . .
\Y ANTED— ROOMS, 16a A DAY: 41
*' week: rooms foe 2, 25a a day. 91 60 • w<M^;
reading-room: daily papers. £6 Clay st.
\Y INCHESTEH HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Mariei: 200 rooms, iMo a night: reading-
room: tree lvii and taa"eae« i" and from the ifrrv.
AGENTS WANTED.
Air ANTED— AGENTS, EITHER SEX TO
- »* sell cholc» good mining company shares;
large commissions paid; full particulars, prospec-
tus, etc., free. Aduress CHAS. MARTIN CO.,
Mining Stock Brokers, Seattle, Wash.
AGENT: — A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commander-ln-cbiet of the United
states army; fu'l of interesting Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions. over $40 th- first 2 days. F. PER-
>ON. Mgr. Subscription Derailment, The Whlta-
ker & Ray Company, 723 Market st.
\ GENTS-A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
-TV map: rest; latest: you can coin m ney. F
PERSON, M/r. Subscription Depu. The Whit alter
A Ray Co., 723 Market sU
LADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
■i tifieis, Kgrptlan Enamel, Medicated Cera'.e.
ltUi l.r. K. 131 Post si.
BOARDING WANTKD.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR LADY
and 2 .•■hi. a en, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex su,
Rincon Hill.
IVA>*TKD-aiISCKI.L.ANKOU!s.
\Y ANTE D-SECOND-HAND SHELVING
»» and sliding doors; also showcases, candy jars
and icecream freezers. Adareas P. 0., box 207,
Cloverdale. Cat.
\y ANTED— LIMIT SPRING WAGON IN EX-
• » change for house and sign painting, whiten-
ing, etc. 421 Vlcksburg st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
Ing to A. KLEIN, 109 sixth St.; send postal.
WANTED— O« Ol> BICYCLE FOR LOT
«> (clear). B , box Hi, tall.
OLD (SOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. w!
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, "26 i-ilisst.
IJUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR, SASHK*
J > doors, mantels. »tr. for gale llti-1 Mlctlni *•
■ '. . FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
MARTIN GUITAR FOR $20; COST 945.
Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
i) FRESH COWS: RICH MILK: 4 AND 5 GaL
— 1 lons a day oac.i ; gentle. 1312 FoUom su
XAfl BROW LEGHORN CHICKS, 10c
oVJyJ each. 1213 Valencia st.
"IVTALLPAPER. «-': INGRAINS, 9C: PAPP;R-
IT hanging, painting. ME RIG AN, 1302 Webster.
17-UOP.SK-POWKR ENGINE, 1 . 4-HORS.<:-
J power engine, with 1 oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
Dinners and simpers. Sl6Six:hst.
ELEGANT FUKNITURH, NEARLY NEW.
of 8 rooms, for sale; must be -oen to be appre-
ciated. 530 ink st., near Webster.
&Q(I AEROMOTOR WINDMILL AND 2000-
O"'.'. gallon tanK in good condition, togm her
with galvanized piping for sale Apply of ihe
owner, 8824 Nineteenth's!.
1.)1 IE ORGAN FOR SALE CHEAP; SOITA-
- be for church. Addrees P. 0., box 21, Call
O&ce.
SODA FOUNTAIN FOR SALE < HK.AP—
0 Tufts' make: 16 places for syrup, 4 for mineral
water, 2 for soda: large Frencli-plitte mirror and
electric lights: cost $1100, for 9600. Apply
PRAISER A BEW, Drugstore, AlameUa.
1. ARS, BACK. BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
i> cases, counters, linoleum, office . furniture,
•tore and office furnltura and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. N( OXAA', lUl?-10liM02lO0;IJ
Mission su, above Sixth.
t,H)R SALE— 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
-1 plete; skiS and mooring*. i>B First st.
A FES— NEW AND f-ECONL-H AND. 609
Market su - - • .
-FOOT PORCELAIN BA'I HVUBS $10 EACH.
In perlect order. H. s. WUJi'E, 516 Mission
1 JlillKKS l )B5olAi' < S,ai>UASl» MACHINERY
I) water-pipes. Xclmoah dc Wolpman. 137 Beai%
COfUCK MILL. SCALES, LETT 'HRES3.
aland dcs«. money till, safe: cheap. 302 Clay.
BAIIS, SHOWCASES*. COUNTERS, SHKLV-
Ini;, etc, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
AKGE DOUBLE COM PAR 1 lit-.'" A COIN
bank safe; cheap. Mission su
TVTEW IiLMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
0.1 W. 14 RAY MFU. CO, .la California «/"■■;>■• •>-
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at
STORAGE.
•DEDUCKD RATES. FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
IX household goods, e:a J. M.. piERCiS, 735 MkU [
BUSINESS CHANCES.
fPHE LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATED, THE
X most niui.ey making branch bakery, stationery,
t.ncy grocery and candy store of this city for sale;
owner to make trip to huiooe: living rooms: no
trill.. need to inquire. Parti. ulars ILKE.
ion Market St.
%] I HM) CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
• 1 -L~.v»v/. with 4 ivinc rooms: Choi.:, st loca-
tion in Mission: 0 straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKK. 783 Market st. 4-1-. >
N^-4-00 GOOO PAVING SALOON ON EAST
tv --y\'. st.. opposite the Oakland ferry; n bat-
gain. Apply WILKK, 783 Market st
. <li >4ri() BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LIV-
»4i t.xj\' .in .-rooms; rent *22: a genuine good
business offer, daily receipts $14: kepi by owner
tor years; rarest chance. WILKK, 783 Market st
$7^o X - U - Vl " 11 AND CHOP HOUSE; KS-
h 1 *f\r. tab Ished years: pntronized by mer-
chants and brokers: money-making place: no
Sunday or night work. WiLKK, 78 » Market st.
V OHNKR BAKROO.M: CHOICEST
«ii'Y c ' v * downtown location: doing a fi-st-cias*
paying business: low rent; i'>v^it:gate at once;
you will find .No. 1 b.rgaln. WILKK. 783 Market
MISKKs . A I TiNtToN -
1?" "- mine, j- 1 Lorndo 10.. Wildcat Creek:
covering 40 acres gold-bearing grave : flrst-class
paying claim. Particulars WILKE. 783 Market
<RU^n J AR- STORE AXn BILLIARD
«pUUU. hall. wi:h 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods; actual value $1200; lively country
town: must be sold this week. Call WILKK, 783
Market st
ffi?PLAA FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE; THE
<r<J\J\J. bes: location on Kearny st ; tine fix-
tures; large patronage; owner has other buiiness.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
Q! 1 nnn RESTAURANT IN OAKLAND
«p 1 \J\J\r. goo-i location: no competition; owner
has operated tor 7 years: receipts $1000 or more
per month; going Kast WILKE, 783 Market st
•Biffin SALOON ON TERMINUS OF
apv)\.i\J. streetcar line: fine fixtures: doing a
grod business; cheap rent WILKE, 7»3 .Market
*or;n corner SALOON: vkry BEST
<IP«Jc»V. locution; rent $20: owner keeps 2
places: must sacrifice; a first-class bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
SEE BARRETT & BASILE. 873% MARKET
O st. for one of the be-it bargains In cigar-staeii,
candy, notion-stores In the city.
<2il\(\ CIGAR-M'AND CHEAP; RENT FREE.
<ip\J\J. BARRETT & Co,. 87;-tl/ a Market ; .
ESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: BACRI-
nce: good business BaRRETT,B73^ Market
pARGAIN: LUNCH WAGON; BEST COR-
JJner: good bus BARRKTT& C0.,873y a Market
B»99*\ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
<U' — 4-O. tion store: north Market; receipts *7 a
day; low rent. BARREIT & CO., &73y 2 Market.
HALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST SA-
loons In city. BARRETT. 873*/ Market st
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GOOD BUSINESS
-I- in any line chetp call on GEO. WHEELER.
906 Market St.
T lIAVK A CUSTOMER FOR BRANCH BAK-
X cry; cost $150 to if 3so. If you want to sell call
on w&ORGE WHEELER, room 15, 906 Market.
ANT TO IRADK HI OREJ | BUILDING,
»» blacksmith-shop and 4 acres of ground in
country town for business or lodging-houss in city
GiO. WHEELER, 906 .MarKet, st
'fty'OO AND FACTORY:
fP^xjy. good location: fine trade; rent only
$20. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Mark, St.
AYINO DINING HALL: INVES-
<P^OVJ. tl ate thl«. GKO. WHKKLER, 906
Market st.
"ANDSOMELv FITTED UP SA-
tu uuv . loon, eatranceon two stre-ts: 4 rooms-
bargain. Apply to W. F. HEaLY, 917 Market '
<ft^f)o , MEAT BARGAIN; CORNER
*£ «V * llquor salon: leading bLslness street
<fl Market: < ash register, safe, etc. W F
iiEALV. 917 M^r<etst.
ft! CA RESTAURANT. NEAR S. P. R. R.
tI?A *J\J. depot: 4 livins-roonis: creat bargain; on
account of departure. HEALY, 917 Market st.
% 1 7"; HKSTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
•PJIU. lors; Market st; clearing $76 per
month: this is a bargain. HEaLY, 917 Market st
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FORFURNt-
tare, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. STKNBKi.G. 632 Market; teL main 1043.
<Si I 9^fJ PARTNER IN FIRST-CLASS ICE-
*JT 1 iiUU. cream and candy store and factory -
wholesale and retail; factory Jully equipped for
larce trade: money to be used' in business. sTEN-
BERG it CO., 632 Market st.
S9()A BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS. ETC.-
-« — v/. good location; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STENBKRO A CO., 632 Market st.
fljjrn LAUNDRY BO DTK, CLEARING
tipi^JyJ. $100 month; good horse and wagon:
trial given. STEN BERG «fc CO., 632 Market st.
•ftnriO PARTNER FOR A GOOD-PAYING.
,r?\t\>\j. legitimate business: established 35
years: full amount forsl2ooon hand: can be ihor-
ouzhly investigated: wants a steady roitn to attend
the Inside part of the business. Parties intending
going Into baslneu should see this. Particulars of
J. a Ml HAN, 509 Kearny st.
Q93HO hotel with SO well f up. -
C— «Jv/v/. nished rooms: the only ho el in one
of the most prosperous towns of its size in the
State; photograph at my office. M. LESS 5
fourth st
BARGAIN: MILK DEPOT WITH 1 LIVING-
room: must be sold on account of departure:
no reasonable offer refused. WIN&TON «fc
THOMAS. 646 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON: CENTRAL
location: cheap rent; good stock Honor; bar-
gain. CARTAN MCCARTHY, 312 Jackson st
<3» I E\C\ PARTNER WANTED— IN LIGHT
111 ' «JV/. business exclusive line on the coast;
profits lmm*nas; irad«- lar£e:morf>ihan double the
business ran be done by the assistance or a steady
reliable man; must be satisfied with $18 a week
to start. 9 Geary, room 2.
OLD-ESTABLISH KD CORNER GROCKRY
unil bar: big business; »el' 3 20 half-barrels
beer week: long leaie. RKIDY, 1027 Market st.
pOLD QUARTZ MINE FOR SALE: $13,000,
VJ win on time; In operation; 10-stamp milt;
3 Triumph concentrators: free wa.t-r power;
hoisting works, shop-i, boardlng-nouse and other
buildings: flue ledge; shaft and tunnels ready to
stopeore; value in sight; bargin: cm be made
very large property by extending. Address M.,
box 60. call.
Si An CASH ONLY — FINE ROOMING-
~\Jyf house; Van Ness aye.: price $450: bal-
ance without Interest: rent tree till May 6; 14
rooms: full; call afternoons. Ask address at Call
Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
C. I'M SALOON: OLD - ESBT'D PLACE; !
«IpTc/v/. loc:t on In city: owner is there 3 j
years: also 4 rooms. including furniture, 2 store-
rooms, fine yard; owner other business. 617 Sac.
ILK DEPOT. BRANCH BAKERY. ORO-
cery and notions: living-rooms; rent reason-
able; s.ve idid location; must be sold; bargain
41iy 2 O t F»rrellst.
CjO'A FINE SALOON AND LUNCH-
V — «•*". house; wholesale dlstric; make offer;
mint be sold to-day. A pply 45 Tniid st , room 1.
CANDY, ICECREAM STORE. FACTORY,
soda fountain: doing cood business; near Call
building: makeofler. Apply 45 Third st
Qt i f^A, S ALOON: >-O D >TOCK AND FiX-
<p > t>U. vires: family troubles; mutt sen. In-
quire 259 Third st.
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $200; «OOI>
pos tion: pays $300 or $4UO per month. Call
1131-. Folsom St., Irom 10 to 2 o'clock- .
<2» 1 ()(\(\ GROCERY AND BAR: MUST BE
tjp.l vv/v'. sold; ablished 8 years: doing good
business; full value in stock: rent $20. 45 Third.
\\ T ANTED-TO KENT SM » LL STORE WITH
T» ■4 or 4 living rooms north of Market; rent $1« !
to $20. Address W., box 77, Call Office. . i
BARGAIN-MILLINERY STORE MUST BE
sold. Inquire room 9, Phelan building, 8 to
CM IHO GROCERY AND BAP.; FINE
»IPX I \J\J. s ock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
ORNEiI SALOON: ON ACCOUNT OF DE-
\_^ parture: agents. Z, box 50, Call Office.
pO<)D LOCATION. CIGAR-STAND. WITH
VJ fixtures; rent $10. 1405 Polk st. "
T^KSTAURANT; FINK LOCATION; CHEAP-
Xt good place lor two. 324 Larkin st.
<Jb 1 , ANCH BAKERY, WITH 5 LIV-
ipIOV. ing-rooms; re -t $18; i:ood stock ar.d
trade. Apply Business i-xchange, 777 Market st.
RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
XI branch business: has b. en conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least *18 pt»r
week to "tart with: certainty of Increase; must
have $150 tush, 777 Market St. room 7.
©OHO half-interest IN printing-
•jn^yu. house coiling «S600; inside man pre-
ferred to hired help: remaining fanner is good
drummer. 8., box 79. Call Office.
•tQAAfi HALF INIEKEST IX PROFIT A-
tiTOvV/w.:ble wholesale and retail business: I
big; pri fits: none but principals need answer. D. ,
bJX 147, Call.
©OAA SALOON AND LODGING-HOUBK:
i&tjyjyj. rent free: good reasons forselllig; see
this bargain u-day. 45 Third s:.
Ij^Oß RENT— OLD KSTABLI HKD BUTCHER-
-T shop: fixtures and good trade; fine opportunity.
North Beach Market, bl3 Greenwich st
ffiji (\f\l' x HAY. GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL
UUU . business: must sell: cause, sickness-
Address K. 0., box 101. Ckll Office.
BRANCH BAKERY. NOTION " AND STA-
tlonery; good place; cheap, make offer. 449
I Guerrero st. • . .•-•>
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
"NOTICE — GUS STRAND, .THE WELL-
i.\ known real estate agent, and PL. RICH A
have formed a copartner snip and have opened an
office at 1118 Market s. We buy, sell and ex-
chante businesses of every kind; lodging-houses a
specialty; lariners procured: loans iiego iaied:')
real and personal proi>erty for sale or exchange:*
schoo' lands also. We correspond wi h the well-
known firm of Alfred Da- Jr.. 119V2 S. >prliu
St.. Los Ange.es. Cat. Give us a call, s,h,\\d*
ill*. HARD.-. 1118 Market st, rooms 1 and 2.
• $950— Corner saloon, nea- Market: clears 5150
mouth. STRAND & KH HARDS, 1118 MarKet
$175— Restaurant ' near City Hall: pars welL
STRAND ife lUCHARIJS-. 1118 Market st
$250— Partner: contracting business Ciea's $150
month. BTKaX*I> & KICHARI*-*-, Ills Maiket.
$1250— But' her-shop: everythinr complete: pays
well. STRAN ■■ ifc RICHARDS. 1118 Market st.
O SELL YOUR BUSINESS Q ICK FOR
cash see e>TRANDifeRIOHARDa, lllSMrket
<£» ,\ 7 " SALOON; near the new call.
ij)ll>). bui dine: great bargj-.ins. STRAND
& RicnAHDs. 1118 iUarke. st
Ll> ESTABLISHED BAKhIiY FOR -ALE;
shop business: no wagon. Address C X., box
j 98. C. U Office.
PKSIAURANT FOR SALE CHEAP; CEN-
Xt tral iocation: owner leaving town: no reason-
able offer lefused. J. I.. box 88, Call Office.
T/>OR SALK— GROCERY AND BAR; NO OP-
X 1 position: cheap. Inquire Call Office.
\\T TED— A PARTNER TOGO PKO.-SPECT-
'» ing. Apply 214 Franklin st.
FOR SALK CHEAP— AND CHOP
home; leaving for Greece. 344 Third st.
SALOON, CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT DKPART-
ure; central location; bears investigation. In-
quire Albany Brewery.
UTCHER BUSINESS; $2000: FINEST
fitted; horses, wagons, refrigerator; $7& cash,
trade daily. L., box 60. Call Office.
QTATION'KRY. NOTIONS, CANDY AND
0 cigar store; 6 rooms: good place for man and
wife; for sale cheap. 2002 Mason st
C; (M/l GROCERY AND BAR: 5 LIVING.
<PTt\JU. rooms: rent $35. Inquire liiLemia
Brewery.
<3j7AA SALOON AND 9 FURNISHED
<I? • \J\J. rooms: best business corner N. of Mar-
ket st ; clears $150 per month; on account of
death, s., box 65, this office.
CO AfJA BEST MILK BUSINESS INTHK
i- \J\'\Jm city; store and route: chalice for
man and wife to clear $150 per month. M. B ,
box 67, this office. h ,- ? • "
IT OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— PARTNER FOR
X Eastern and California beer bottling business.
712 Fourteenth St., near -Market: 3 to 6 P. it.
/GROCERY AND BAR, WITH LIVING-
VJ rooms. Apply this office.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ Eastern young lady. Room 5, His: floor, 850
Market st -i-J«
C"O|)A CORNER SALOON; GOOD LuCA-
tjP^.\>\J. tion; cheap; must sell at once. 554
Fourth st.
MILK ROUTE; 90- GAL. TRADE; 2 HORsES,
wagon, cream separator, tans, etc.; all 111
good condition. 159 second st.
GOOD PAYING CANDY AND NOTION
store; no opposition. B. C, box 50, Call Office.
SHOEMAKEB-SHOP FOR SALE; CHEAP.
0 Apply this office.
SALOON— CHiiAP; TRANSFER CORNER;
low rent: lease; selling Immediately: cause
sickness. Apply Call office or 15 Dame St., near
Thirtieth.
}^OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING GROCERY,
variety, bakery and candy store; established
12 years A) ply at 811 Bryant st.
ARGAIN: CANDY-STO.IK. SODA WATER,
icecream parlor: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress 40hc McAllister st.
\(\(\ SALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTAB-
*py.\J\>. lished place; no nigh; work. App y
Call Office.
OI.D-ESTA.HIISHED SALOON CENTRALLY
V/ located opposite city Hull; low rent Apply
McLEOD A HATJE, 515 Market St.
RESTAURANT TAKING IN $10 $15 A DAY
XV will be sold for if-. (>o. 145 Fifth st.
POOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCKRY AND
VX liar; ement atiacheJ. 1501 Powell st
cor. Vallejo.
1/>OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
X I this paper. For particulars quire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. InT
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland.
Oregon. " ,
VINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
X must be sold at once. 211 Larkln s:.
ITY. hUUi'a t'UK a^.Lji. APPLY ThS"
office.
UTCHKK-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES-
Western Addition. 1208 Scott st., near hddy
key upstairs.
YOUNG LADYOFMKANS WANT-. GENTLE-
X man partner; small capital. l'.OVa Geary, r. a.
pESTAURANT; GOOD PLACK FOR MAN
Xt and wife; cheap. Apply thf3 office.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANT BY A
VX younc widow. Room 8, 207 Post st.
LODGING-HOirSES FOB, SALE:
"I C ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, $750.
J O '20 rooms, pays $75, fine, $1250.
23 rooms, just newly furnished. $1000.
-4 rooms, bargain; make otter; $600.
44 rooms: guaranteed p:oni 8125: $1500.
83 rooms: 16 baths: elegant; part cash.
100 rooms: rent $250: new; modern
WINSTON & THOMAS, 646 Market st.
fl>7C/, HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEsT LOC
tip I *J\J. lion on Mark t st.; a rare bargain-
owner Is leaving for Europe. WiLKli, 783 Market
& J7' HOUSE 16 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
<JSI * «J. nisheJ; baths; fine location: rent $45-
-c ears «60 mouth. STRAND »t RICHARDS, 1118
Market at. .
! rriO BUY OR SKLL A LODGING-HOUSE SEE
X STRAND & RICHARDS. 1118 Market st.
I I A-ROOM HOUSK, CORNER -100
J V 8-room new flat, b<-st in city ... . . 80 1
17 room house on Sixth street •••••• H5O
2' -ro m boarding house, $350 cash....*" 9011
lOJrooms, sunny corner, cost 7800, price . 35u
7-ruom house, only ' .> BO
H. C. DECKEK, 1020 Market st", Opp.Fiftli.
LODGING-HOUSE V.O ROOMS AND BATH
near business center: always full: rent $45- a
great bargain. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market'
LODGING-HOUSo. OF 4l< ROOMS aND BASK-
ment, for sale or lor lent Inquire 321 Mont-
gomery aye.
FUKXITUKK FOR BALE.
ENTIRE STUCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED
now belnc sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every description, newand2d-hand: pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing out 126 4in.
SAVE MONEY-BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOU>EHOLD RANGES AUK the BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
FUBNIXt'KE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 13S>3. you get highest cash raid for
merchandise, furniture, art go jus, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE. MDSK.,
etc STREET* CRKSWELU Auctioneers. 927
. Market st rm. 316. Houses bought in ihe:r entirely.
Til URN ITU RE, STOVES CARPUS, COUN-
X I ters, showcases. ANDERSuN, 1121 Market
If You Want 01. ok pricks fur furn'c-
lure and un-r. hantiUn >•— iJUKO. 211 Lancln.
CAKPET CLEANING.
pITY STF.AM CARPET-CLEAN WORKS;
\J cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVEN^
Mgr.. 38 and 40 iguih st. telephone south 250.
J WAITS, reliaole rarpet-cleaniu^ renovig. »4t«r-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister, Tel. Jessie 321.
CARPET-rLEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc; 800
\J samples free; lei. Jessie »44. btratton, 38th
CARPETS CLEANED. RENOV'AIED LIKK
\J new. J. McQUEKN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.225.
W HKN YOU BtCuMK I)I*OUSTKI> WITH
»* poor work send toSPAULDINU's PloneerCar-
p»t-beatin; Works. 353-67 J ehama st; lei. So. U.
ADVA.M-<i v.AiU'li-l'-CLISAMfI'U CO., 4UJ
Butter; lei. Mala 394. OhU WALCOM. prop.
/CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKiS
Un»». 23 Tenth; tel. South 38. Mackintosh <t Co.
JK. Mliv.Mc.LL. fAKfU'-i.-LKAM.Nii CO
. 140 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 "£.
pONKLIN'S «.ARl*Ji;i- BEATING WUK111"
V 333 uolden Gate uve. 'leiephona Kasi 126. *
ATTORNEYS- AX-IAW.
ADVICK FRKE; DIVORCE- LAWS A SPEC
jt\ Jalty: private; no fee without success: pro^ta"
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale deedL
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. It) vh^tT
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton a
ADVICK FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS xrin.'
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market si
I) - W. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
V. isle imUdiug; advice ftee; lowte.-a; all cumHOUSES TO LET.
MODERN HOUSES. 8 AND 10 ROOMS. AT j
i'l reduced rents: in perfect order: keys at prem-
ises. Oa* and Laguna sis.
HO SE OF 11 ROOMS; FINK ORDKR; RENT
cheap. 247 fctevenson St., bet. Third and
>ourtu. — :,. : : ;-;-_y
ACIiELOR HAS A o-ROOM HOUSE THAT
JJ he will give rent tree to a man a .1 vif«s for 2 !
meals a day and room. J.. box 160, Call Office.
V EAT HOUSE OF 6 ROOM-: LARGE YARD.
J-> lJos^i Golden Gate aye.: key a: 1205.
(;.)O ~(\ ELEGANT HOI OF 6 ROOMS
, <]p--.Uv'. and bath: all newly painted ana
papered ihronghout. 9.11b .-. owardsi.
hi NT Rl- 1)1" (.Ell -SU S N V MOOt
houte, 6 rooms, batli, laundry, servant's r-ooi: j
peifect Order. NW. cor. Pine and Laguoasta,
JOT FELL— HOUSK. OF 6 ROOM--. BATH,
"T«»l large yard and cellar.
vtice HALL— • HEav.BYTHK monitor
1> nigh:. E. HILL, 9i)7.Mar«et st.
<5Q 8 ROOM& 831 BUYANTSr., BETWEEN
C"- First and Second
AOn 7 ROOMS AND BATH. 2559 BRYANT
0 — V). mv.., bet- Twenty-third and Iwenty-
iourth sts. : -.•*•-'
1 i )lV\ JACKSON ST.. NH.AB JONES; 9J
X.— \J O urn..-, bath; sanitary plumbinK: mod-
ern improvements: all newly titled up; plenty of
ann; cable-cars: marine vie*: rent f-10 per.
month, water included: key at No. 1203. Apply
YON RHEIN ■■- CO., 513 Ca Ifornia st.
til.). > MASON. NEAR LOMBARD— B-ROOM
— I_.> hoiisp «rul bath; newly renovated; rent
$ 15: rt'tit fie« tin first of month.
Ot-)'j sl \NY HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND
»*?—«). bash: 1:1 goud order: larse K«rdeu: water
frep. .1,7 Howard st., cet\yeen Twenty-second j
and Two.ity-tliird: cars pass. ' ,j. /, "
Cj j /• "USE 5 ROOMS. 1230 PINE ST.;
0 ' >). i or lan pay rent with work.
OUSKS TO RK.M FOR VER\ LIITLK I
njoney :t BALDWIN & HOWIiLL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
loo:! BUSH - SUNNY HOUSE; 9 KOoMS;
■' —— ' yard; rent r<*n4>'nabl? (OB rood tenant.
FIHMSUKI) HOUSES.
SUITE ELEGANTLY fURNISHED PAR-
lors, piano, bath: marine Hew; useof Kitchen:
no children; ?K;. Sit Vlckaban s:., near Twenty-
third. .
mo LKT— FUKNISHED MODERN SUNNY !
-L corner flat: i; rooms and bath. Apply on the
premises 14.-IS Haisht st- |
J lli.MsllKI) FLATS.
SMALL FURNISHED FLAT WANTED DI'H-
-10 Ing owner's absence: it; use for its cure: tx-st
of care by adu ts witliout chl dren; good refer- ■
ences. Address 311, Van Ness aye.
>*:'*> ~\i\ *"" K ADULTS: 4 i UMFORTABLK
- ■. —•— .U\". rooms: lath: 2 btds: 2 stovrs, ga3 |
and coal. 1917 ... ary s:.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
9 SUNNY MODERN COTTAGE-: J ROOMS. !
— bath, IHqndrr n:id basmient; very convenient; \
cheap. ili'J Seventh jv c . south, near liullroad-
ave. cars. .
OTTAc-JKOFIf'UNNY ROOMS: BASEMENT,
v. lance chicke -yan].coops t etc. ; blocks south [
from terminus: Twenty- niuth-su electric-cars; rent \
*11; water free. 29 Harper st. " J--; ?.-,,;■;;
(^ 1 / 1 NICE SUN'.VY COT I' AGE, X I. SMALL
•_ LU. famiy. '-0 Johnston aye., near G.-ary-au
cable-cars.
-l 1 WILLOW AVK.— COTTAGE 3 ROOMS,
Oil with or without stable Apply 1110 Eddy.
\TKW COTTAGE; 5 UOOMS; BaTH: BASE-
-1-' ment and lase garden; rent cheap. Apply
17 Haute St., near i.ishtetu h-sU Car.
SUNNY COTTAGE, -I LARGE ROOKS, BASE-
ment and yard. 166! Fifteenth st.. ur. Dolores. {
___^____^^______^^___ , 1
TO LKT- Cell Alii: 5 ROOMS AND BATH;<
1 rent $18. 449 Brya I St. ...
MATS TO LET:
1 7 KLLIOTT PARK. <-• V STEIN EB, NF.AR
-1 i 1 •' iiry_3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar: I
rent ■ ... Inquire 1911 •\-u.ry st.
1 OVKLY FLAT: 5 BOOMS; EVERY CON- I
Xj venlence; rent 8-0. 2815 Clay.
1 A*, FULTON —EXTRA f INK MIDDLE,
X "1— flat, 6 rooms and bath; new: $30.
t
1 "9- FiFTKKNTH ST., NEAR HOWARD- !
■IOJ.O New .'ower flat: 4 rooms ami bath; £16. j
fflj 1 ** HUSSY.' PLAT OF * LAIUiK ROOMS, !
OJ — • b^th, gas and yard. • 39JS Niuutee.-ithst , :
botween 2 o»- and banchez.
Ql - LOVELY SUNNY H.AT 5 ROOM?,
«3>i-t>. bath, gas; Brand view. 1512 Cas.ro su,
mar Tweuty-nfth:'cars piss the door.
Win 6 SUNNY ROOMS, MA RUNE VIEW.
0 I "• SW. cor. lolk and Union ats.
OS tl FIRST. NEAR KAURIS. (RINCON
Owi" Hill)— Flat 3 large rooms: large yard.
-1 /• NATOMA, BET. EIGHTH A NINTH— I
1 X U Flat of 4 rooms; aslie» and water paid; f 10. :
BEAUTIFUL NEW FLAT NEAR THK PARK i
X-> a: low rent to re-ponslble party, with refer-
ences. Apgly at owner's oince, 803 cutter st.,
room 43.
i IJC\l£ POST— B, 4 AN( 5 ROOM FLATS;
■» I V/U baths: garden; rent $15.
1 01 U i::. LIB ST.— NICELY LOCATED M"D-
lUli' crn flat of 7 room- and bath: rent *25.
C«l 1 FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD.
«D It. 2U Eleventh st., near Howard.
/f-9Q PELL . st. - Modern • sunny BAY-
— C window Ma: 5 roozni and ba'.b; cheap rent.
ll'l KiLLMOKK ST. — UPPER FLAT S|
J-XIJ2 rooms: cheap to permanent tenant.
fflj I Q CrPKK VLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH. i
 •_ -» O. 16-5 Vi Pine at., abov- Van Ness aye.
ijEautiful Flat OF 5 ROOMS: bath:
J ' stationary nash .tubs: lurgu yard. Apply '
Js'-'l Broadway or ShAI.NWALD, BUCKBr-E !
A: CO.
iTVfEW FLAT*, 4 AND 5 ROOM-: $13 AND
-I.' 515: modern Improvements. *.6t>6 Twenty-
. Becond st. ... .•':'■-
-9] •_? I O'FARRKLU NEAR BKOJDERICK—
— X»-'T Kuunv s:de: large 5- room flat, with bath
«rd other moJern couvenlenws: has two large
.-• paraie rear rooms; rent reduce! to 'Hi; viva;
be seen t.i be dated.
/ MIOICE TJPPKK PLAT: 7 LOOMS; MODERN
VJ ImproTemeuta. 1710 Hyde st.
111/, ELM AVK.— 2 FLAT-. 3AND4RO"MS.
II Iv/ f t> and «7 month; wattr, yard. 1512
Go den Gale aye. -. ~V '
CjO/i 6 LARGE ROOM-: LARGE YARD
•? — \J. and stable: 4144 25tb sL, .near Castro.
$15— Lower fiat: 1411 Guerrero St., near Army;
5 rooms; porcelain.
9^c OAK-."> ROOMS. OK WILL SELL FUR-
— O niture on easy payments.
Do you Want a new flat ok cot-
tage: cheap. See 5-PtCK & CO., 602 Market.
VLATS TO LKT FOR VKK* LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN UUWJiLL'S, 10 Mont-
( ornery si. • , .
CIP; LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
<Jlu- 19:h; 5 rooms: poicclain Dath. : '".
- / HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
V> rooms. JK to !?1B: »« in. m tm "'-venth «t.
HOUSEKKIJPD'O KOOMS.
Kuchuiiaii Street.
P(\n Buchanan'— sUNNY FURNISHED
\)\J— front room lor housekeeping, *6.
L>uah Street.
199£>1 BU-H— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS AND
-L— — back parlor: whole or single.
Clementina Street.
QXQ.CLEMENTINA-2 or 3 LARGE sunny
•JtJO rooms for housekeepiug: furnished or on- j
furnished ' .
, - . IMdy Street.
QTI r FDDY-2 OK 3 UNFURNISHED OR
tJIO furnished sunny rooms: reference.
J-igl»tH street.
Tin EIGHTH— ONT AND BACK PAR-
. x 1 — lor and 8 furnished rooms. -
*-lii 4 Street.
'AQ ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
Out- complete tor housekeeping.
— ■ —
£11 wood Street.
ITRSITrBE F3 ROOMS; FLAT FOR SALE:
1 reni cheap. 1 V» Ellwood st., off Mason, bet.
- O'lfaireli and Geary.
, i urn Mre«..
"I A 7 FIFTH— PLEASANT BUNNY UNFUR-
Lv/ I nlshed rooms to let.
= Ol"v1 FIFTH-LARGE,' SUNNY FRONT BED-
v-L^t room; kitchen; batlj: no children; pri-
vate ;:sli.
;099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS. FURNISHED FOR
"** housekeeping; rent cheap. ,• , „
A 001 FIFTH— a SUNNY PERFECTLY FUR- I
''•-<'•» niahed houoekeepiog . rooms; water In I
kitchen. ... . , f ,,.. .. -, . j
HOI'SEREEPISO ROOMS — t'ontlnnmi. '
J'lilmoro Street.
ffllA • 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
«|plv'. iami!y. 2212 Fillmore st., near Clay.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 f\(A OOLDKN GATE AYE.-4 FURNIHHBD !
1 «.)' ' or unfurnished rooms, che»p; other rooms- '
OOn GOLDEN LATE— LARGE SUNNY AL-
«_>— cove; hot, co d water; single, (b up; refs.
CAO GOLDEN GATE AYE LARGE DIN-
CuO Ing-room and kitchen for housekeeping.:
1 Add GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY BAY-
Jnv/t window, with kitchen, $11; back room,
with kitcheu, $H; single, «5.
Hyde Street.
6 HYDE ->- 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
rooms; private: bain; yard. .
Howard Street.
r9O HOWARD— 2 LARGE BUNNY ROOMS
0— xf for housekeeping: sink end running water.-
C*>t> HOWARD— NICELY NISHED
li—*J rooms, single and double; gas and bath.
9fl|\O HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS
—WO for housekeeping; gas and bath.
A DO JESSIE— FRONT FURNISHED HOUSE-
TOO keepin; rooms. S6: also single, cheap,
/•in JEs>IE-3 ELEGANT lUKNISHED
v^X v rooms; complete lor housekeeplng:rentsl6
Leaven worth Street.
XT p: LEA VENWOIITH— TWO BASEMI.NT
•)1U rooms; comp.e'.e.y lurnlshed for house-
keeping; $12. ■
••1"..'-: ilarth.-i Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY— FRONT
room. $8; 2 housekeeping rooms, $V<i: single, »6.
McAllister Street.
7<>/ll McA LLI STE K-N FURNISHED
I JL -i -4 front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
J.lllll sirce;.
.Of MINNA — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
Id') room, with cookstove, S6: front room
i- a MINNA — 2 FURNISHED FRONT
~iO~i rooms tor housekeeping: separate entrance.
-|- MINNA- 1 LARGE SUNNY* ROOM:
i) It) licht housekeeping; suitable man and wife
or 2 gents-
Jiisßinn Street.
CrLQ MISSION— LARGE FRONT SUNNY :
C«Jt/ room; light housekeeping; cheap.
Q I - MISSION— BEDROOM AND KITCHEN
c/"i 1 ' < ompht- for housekeeping.
■I nr'«J MISSION ST.— Ei.EGANT FRONT
11/UO suitor; new: b.ue-flame stoves: ga«.
-I 9l] MISSION — 6 FURNISHED ROOMS,
J — 'i i lncludiughou*eiteeulug: parlor, kitchen. \
i
Montgomery- Street.
9QJ MONTGOMERY — LARGE SUITE OR |
— •''l 3 rooms complete for housekeeping; fur- ;
nished or unfurnished; modern: $10: reference.
! j
JMtlOlllH St.GB..
CCC NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUSEKKEP-
-000 me rooms; rent tH, $10 m.: ap. Afternoon. i
I' J- NATOMA — 3 SUNNY FURNISHKD j
U"1«J rooms: complete for housekeeping: cheap. 1
Ninth Street.
91 NINTH ST.— SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT i
— 1 h'ou&ekeeplug; tunning water; other rooms
1 1 Q NINTH ST.— FRONT BAY-WINDOW '
1 i •'.' suite: sunny all day elegantly furnished |
for housekeeping; modern folding bed; S3 per :
week.
1 90 MNTH-2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY FUR- j
1 — O l.ishe.i rooms; suitable for housekeeping; !
nice sunny yard.
Octuvia Street.
1 Qf|7 OCTAVXA —handsomely fur-
lOV i nished sunny irout room and kitchen.
1 Aft'-i OCTAVIA- a FURNISHED FRONT !
X tll/O rooms, bath and pas, *". and %7.
Page street.
1 Q99 PAGE-FUKMsHKD WINDOW !
I •.)——> alcove room and kitchen for light nouse- ;
"kepr>ins.
2 u»t siree;.
A99POST — 1 PLEASANT FURNISHED
• /__ housekeeping rooms, separate entrance; '
yard. « ). .-..-■ . _^ . '. '
.;' ' , emu Strees.
IJ9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND |
i *i— kltcneiis;aißO single rooms: new!* renovated '
i
snot v. . 1; Street.
A A SHOTWKLI-, NR. F. .URTKF.NTH- 5 SUN- I
tl ny rooms; bath: gas; tubs; reasonable.
'Awelftli Street.
1 J,- TH'I.I.FTH, CORNER HOWARD-
X~t'f Nicely furnished housekeeping room; rent
; reduced.
, Twenty-fifth Street.
/M £9 TWENTY-FIFTH ST.. FEW DOOR-*!
J-0.. east os Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms 1
(private faiul.y), sul able for iighl housekeeping; ]
baih and laundry: ladles only rent *t> per month.
. Twenty-Eighth Street.
3or»- TWENTY-EIGHTH. NR. MISSION— 2
O«JU4 large sun. y furouhed housekeeping
suites: % 8 ana $9. . -.. ■
Miscellaneous.
3 SUNNY ROOMS. HANDSOMELY FUR
•J nlshed: complete: private home; eiegant sur-
rouudings. M.. box »2, Cull.
P. 97 JiO.NTGOMEKV, COR. CLAY — OPEN I
')— i until b:3. o'clock; branch oflicß 01 "lv.it I
i all: finsrrf].t!oiiN n:d want *rt< :n;:«'n .
' ROOMS TO LKT.
-Brannah Street. ::.» •■•
79' BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH-3 NICE
< —') sunny rooms; $8.
__ I
i-ighth Stroeu
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. TR RTH
0 f:.. near Market: Itirnished and unfurnished.
Ql fk EIGHTH. NKAK i'oLSOM-3 LARGE
OIV/ rooms: rent $10.
*-- *is street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— IN'J ANDES-
cent lights; reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor; rooms per night. 35c to 91 60:
week. »2 to $8; month, C 8 to 130; elevator on
office floor-, rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROYAL KAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN- NEWLY*
t furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, e:c.
liilh glwiii
THE COSMOPOLITAN — FELFCT FAMILY
' X hotel: 100 Fffth st-, cor. Mission; rooms
50c 75c and 91 per lilght: $2 to 85 per week.
:,'"■- . Filbert Street.
Q] Q FILBKRT— GENTLEMAN: WITH REF-
-01 • ' ererice can have nice single front room for
$4 per month. . .
■» «.l-fin streif..
TfifM FOLSOM-LA RGE FURNISHED ROOM
I yJXJ-i to let; *■»; every convenience.
Fourteenth Street.
] 9QB FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
L~U nithed, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
I'luion Struct.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rm»; singe or en suite; 88 & 1 16 up.
l>tarv Street.
C-! Q GEARY — ELKGANTLY FURNISHED
*J J O back parlor, suites, double, single; board;
light housekeeping.
HE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COB.
Van Ness- i.and-iome suites, newly furnished.
Orove Street.
"I AC GROVE. NEAR POLK-NICELY FU*R-
-I\JO nlshed larse sonny room; rent «7.
1 li'Jt) GROVE - LAKGF. SUNNY FUR-
XyJOJd nlsned room; near Park panhandle.
iio«»:n ii-.. .
fiKA HOWARD-FRONT SINGLE ROOM FOR
\JO\J gent; cheap.
1 Iqc HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH AND
MO' Eighth— Nicely furnished front room
with kitchen, reabonabi-. ,\; ■,-:
1 Q9A HO WARD -2 ROOMS FURNISHED
iOZii for housekeeping.
1 ft I If! HOWARD, COR«, R FOURTEENTH—
1 OUU 3 sunny rooms: rent 9.
oone< htr>io..
90 7 JONES ("THE VAN WIN KLK")-HAND-
—\J I soinely furnished rooms, suites or single. ,
. »»«*»rny btrw», , ■
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 137' KRARSY _
J\ Pleasant sonny rooms, en suite and single; tlra;
Ufcae Is every leaped: terra* reasonable. • - '.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continue. l.
Li.rk»n S v.-.-
097 LARKIN. COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
«->— I Desirable rooms, furnished or unfurnished. I
I*U\l\ LAUKIN ST.. -OPPOSITK LURLI E !
■X — ■'V' Baths— sunny furnished front rooms: *4 !
aud $5 per month. - ■
. i.mh» Street. »
I f» LEWI*, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST— *B;
i "' larpe unfurnished room and kitchen.
j.-. k"t >tro«;.
IAO,' MARKET — FURNISH HOUSE-
-I\JOO keeping rooms; front suite lor office.
"\rjOBKMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 nJcbt, tfto to $3; week. $1 50 to *5: families.
Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PL.. OFFGKARY, NR. TAYLOR
— furnished stnrlf rooms: *6 and $7. .
MA i. HA PLACE, OFF GEARY SOUTH
II above Mason— Large sunny front room for 1 or
2; 59.
Ltlilln - ■ -.««»..
C\i\l MINNA. COR.^TgHTH-NEWLY' FUR-
vU I nUhed bay-window room; $1 per week.
Aiifebiuit Mroo..
/»0O MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
UO— ny front rooms; cheap; quiet pi ace.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 781 MISSION. sKLECT
lamliv roomiiig-huuse: flM).«si) per week.
m 7 JIISsIO.V-I'I: RNISHED SINGLE
< rooms; S3.
.New Mout);ouicry .street.
1 AC NEW M < i x TO t RY — FRONT FUK-
XV»tJ niatMd rooms. $1 60 to $2 a week.
i owe: 1 Street. '
THE WILLISFORD. 212-214 POWELL— NEW-
x ly furnished sunny rooms; telephone
' Ml Hi S:roe..
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH— SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences. / '.
&te\enaon Street.
TOO STEVENSON ST.. NEAR NINTH AND
I »'•) Market— Nicely furnished large parlor;
cheip.
Stockton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 77 STOCKTON — FUR-
nlsbed rooms $1 50 to $2 50 per week: suites
$3 50 to in per week; by nighi. 50c to f 1 BO; hot
and cold water; elevator: transient.
Sutter Street.
1111 SUTTER— NiCKLY FURNISHED
X 1 .1 1 rooms; suites 12; also single rooms.
Taylor Street.
BAY-WINDOW FURNISHED ROOM ON SUT-
ter st. ; entrance 22 Taylor; tor 1 person $a.
" 1 4.
1 f|Q TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS; $1 75 AND
Xvt/ «C: sunny single, $1 25 and SI 50 week.
C II O TAYLOR — SUNNY CORNER SUITE;
t>»'ir nicely furnl-shed; hot and coid water.
' Turk Strut)*.
"1 1 (» TURK—L A R <} E SUNNY SUITES,
11"' handsomely furnished: single.
XI O TURK— SUNNY FURNISHED . ROOM;
« 1 1«J folding bed; running water: grate: gas and
bath; flu.
Twentieth Street.
OQAQ TWENTII.TH — 2 SUNNY FUR-
OV\fU n shod rooms: cheap. ; ,/r-
-\tui 2tMM Aveuun.
1 JACVAN NK-S —ELKGANT SUNNY
l*i"O fnrnished and unfurnlsned rooms.'
BOAKDINO AND KOO3IS.
719 POST— a LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
II- board, lor 2: SlHea. up: use parlor and piano
j1 *) EDDY — LOVELY FRONT SUNNY
til., room*, with board; for 2, $40 a mouth*.
COO VAN NE>S AVK.— NKWLY FUR-
CuO iiisiicj tunny rooms or suite, with board.
KOOMJ-'uK 9 GENTi.tMEN WI H BOARD;
<-".m<tu home cooking; <?j a week. 6-5 Valen-
cia St.
. . — - .
HOTEL BKKTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer noes: all modern conveniences:
Kftlatnn lah.M, if -1 • ant-!: n»-w ruanauenient.
• * i... 1.1.1 >. BOAKI>KI>. / .-;t;
\\ ANTED — YOUNG SCHOOLGIRLS TO
»" board with widow. Address MRS. L. R.
BROWN", postoflic*-, Havwar>:», Ctd.
VTICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC.
--> and clo^D to sood S4 hool: ?;it per month. Ad-
dres* Mils E. L. BIIXI-, Golden Gate.Alameda
l oiinty. Cal.
,
STORES TO LET.
STORE A Nil 3 LIVING-ROOMS. SE. COR.
O Page and I.yon s s. ; rent cheap.
<2? 1 U Xfl I{Ml LAUKIN, CO . POST ST.—
I <jTI.vJ.OVJ. store and living-room: !■• w; mod-
, erd and central. Apply Ki.l-LY, 102 Eddy.
! STORE WITH 2 LIVING- ROOM-; FINE
O pine- for restaurant: rent $18. 452 Haluht s:.
LARGE STORE, i SUuW WINDOWS AND
4 large rooms; rent on'y $22 60. ,422 Sixth.
A I 7 THIRD -2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
rtJ. I »I<Q Hal A pp!y 417lT,Thlr<1 st.
' EDUCATIONAL,.
* >I>ERSON'» ACAUEMY AND SCHOOL OF
-TV Mathematics: pupils prepared l.i day ana
| evening c!as3e« and by private lessons for Caltor-
I nla and Stanford universities: teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
| cv classes: mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R,, 40^ Parrot. bld«.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1216 Octavla st., .-an Francisco.
Miss ELIZA MACKIN rnr ill of Professor
O. w. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of tho bchool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
| teacher. Office days 1 r'.day p if, satnrda;- a. H.
HKALD'S BfOj.NtSS 1-UUhOt ?4 J*OST—
Bookkeeping, tuslnew practice, shorthand. I
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branch**
electrical engineering; I'O teachers; 16.0UU Kr*aa-
•tea: day and evening sessions: catalc^ue.
AY RES', Tliti LEA DINT* VOLLKOK, 82»
Montjomerr st. : Individual Infraction ta
toortband, typing. tookkeeping, telCßrapfiy ota-
int- echolarshin $51 Kiw rate* per weeK and ma.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0.X block, 7th and Mku
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MKCH. ELEC
civil. . wining. «urv«y, a.«sav, archif.. X ray
Unehf. PS-lfeO-C A.VANDEKNAILLKN.933Mkt
INGINO, VOICE CULTURE, PARIS GR> D-
-0 uate; French. Ger. Lan?.; *- mo. 109 Taylor.
OOKKPNO. Will ING. A Xl I'USIiC. GKaMR.
day & night: nodaises; (5 monin. h*6 Mission.
ANJO TA OGUT TO BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
-U per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Ofilce.
! UITAK, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCa.-
VX Ussons. S3 mo. -Mary Westhau*. S9 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND AM' Alls FOR VHB
Call taken at brauca t<tuc«, . fc!*s> Ji«>c« b l -
open until V:3O o'clock.
—^» —^^^—^^—^—^^^.^^^.^^^^
HORSES.
FOR SALE— THE FINEST SADDLE HORSES
and Shetland ponies In the city. DALZ.EL
60S Golden Gate aye. •
"(I HuRSES FOR SALK: WAGONS AND
civ harness, at car stables. 721 Howard st- : auc-
tion every '1 uesday.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia su. S.
WATKIN>, auctioneer.
j/\ HOUSES FOR KALE: ALSO WAGON*
rt\J buggies, cart* harness: Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 827 Sixth St.: auction sales every W*a* I
nesday. bt'LLl V &DO > LE. Auctioneers. - j
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS i
X'j of g»od harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you ran bay Eastern
trash; send for catalogue 110 McAllister st-, S. F.
CA HEAD OF HORSES SUIT ABLh. FOR ANY
OUbuslness 900 to JSOU pound* O d Turk-sL cat
■tables, 1301 'lurk: team of larre young mule*.
HAOO.NS ANi> tAKKIAOEs.
■vri- W AND SECOND-HAND baker, LACN-
i.I dry and milk wagon: also fine top buggy ami
rockaway. b"-8 Harrlton St.
BICYCLES.
BARGAINS IN A FEW »-ECOND-HAND
blcyc In good condition: ladies, gents and
children. Bicycle dept.. White sewing Machine
Co., cor. Ellis and Mason it^v, v ;
ALMOST NEW «80 CRESCENT BICYCLE
XV for sale for 920. 461 Valencia st.
OLU M BIA LADY'S BICYCLE TO EX-
\J change for furniture or household goods, j 666
Mission at. ,":'■■ ,i • • . ,• . ■ r <. ..";
rpANDEMS. -96" PATTERN, GOOD AS NEW.
X $70 and upward: bargains In second-hand
wheels. Golden Ru e. Bazaar cyc.e department.
25 Ut-ary «L . ■, ,-.. . . ,- ..-■ , -.
. ,- f PERSONALS. 
VOUXG WIDOW.DESIRES TO MEET EAST-
X crn gentleman;' object, business investment.
Room S 223 Post St. ■„ ■ • ■>
ASH EK KAFTALY, WILL NOT BK RE-
, si ons!b;e 10 pay debts ot Annie Nafialy. '
■ • A. NAFTALY. .
VO. 49— HOLDER OK RAFi-'LK TICKET,
XI ladies' gold watch, call at Oakland Office. ■
A DVICE FRF.K: DIVORCE LAW- A SPKC
-TV laity, private; no lee v.iihou; tnrceas- pro-
bale, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of bale'
da m ares, etc. private detectives, estab. 10 yean.
U.W.HOWK. at-.yat-law. fcso Mark^t.cor.Stocktn
DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDKK AND FOR
it sale: also chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres:
dealer in carpet twine. In hank or chain at lowest
rates. <iEO. MATTHEW. 70« Fifth s'... Oakland.
yOUNG MAS OF GOOD CHARACT - R AND
X habits', ii oidlng a good lucrative position, de-
sires the acquaintance of a ie pecianle young
lady (Protestant only) matrimonially lined and
with some means: pi«rttcula» in ilrs. Utter- no
tnfler*. P., box 2. Call. - .
QPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OP SEASON IN
O hairdresstng and mamcuiing begins Mond*v,
April 2t>: halt' rates (riven. Up-To-Date ParM'r".
1026 Market St.. over The Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
QTERILITYAND IMPOTENCY '. **
0 (ail cases), all fo ms of seminal and ler.cor-
rhceat diseases and weakness permanently cured
bi- a course o? DR. fMirU'is ELECI RO-M AG-
NETIC BATHS; v. ry little exp-nso too: hygienic
board, sunny rins. SAM'I ARIUM.I633BucU«uan.
1 \RI KEN — CURES GUARANTEED
-I-' Gold Cure. Sacramento, CM.; 26 Page St.. S. F.
pABIXET BATHS FOR ' LADIES AND
\J gents, ALICE FAY. 128 Seventh St., top fla:.
RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR HAIR-
•*» dresser? Have you tried Lderer? My nair-
dresslnj cost? Only 25c for any style (only one
1 rice), and is easily the best in town; switches
run from $1 to $3; bleaching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring grar or bleached hair, from (1 5J to *&.
G. LKDKKEK, 111 Stockton st. *
""C'LhCTKICITY IS LIFE." ~^~
spinal complaints, . wfiak and lame backs
spinal complaints, weak and lame backs
cured as w< 11 as Kill-. UMATISM. at DH.
SMITH'S ELhCTKO-MAGNETICB >THS: don't
put it off, but come to-day: sure cure: hygienic
board. SANITARH'M. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
FACIAL BLEMISH KB, WKINKLEs, ALL-
pox plttincs and superfluous hair removed by
latest disci very; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; Laidn.ss cured. MRS. E. KING, 5^4 Sutler.
\\ ME. MYRTLE POTIEK REMOVED FROM
1»X- 1362 Market st. to 83 Sixth, room 17.
Wanted- by a YOUNG WIDOW a GEN-
" partner; small capital. 13U Taylor St.
THE L, ARG ST. THE BEST, THE QUICK-
eat, the neatest, ih" cheapest, th» largest and
be it halrdrfssltiK establishment on the coast: the
neatest and politest a.isislanls and artists: the
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressine, any
I .style, Is only 25cj BWitObet run tiom £1 to S3. v.
I Lt.DKKKIi, 111 stociitoa st.
"L^INE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOi'H-
X I ing parlors. 513 Montgomery »;.
lfWW't BUSiNfcSS CARDS PRINTED, 9150-
-±\J\J\J wedalng work. HILL, 2S4A Geary st. '
HOME. A tillK.M) AND MOTiiEli'S CARS.
MRS. DR. tI.NKE. 1416 t.lghth St.. Alameda,
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
tailoring: lowos: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH LhEVKA'H OPEHA SCHOOL FUR-
nishes solos. duets, quartets or entire opera acts
ior the protessioual singe, and for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building. Mi rket anil Jones, rooms 1. 1 and 122.
11ELIABLE AND EFFICIENT Dp.TECTIVE
XV service, Kiomi 19. 20 anil 21, Chronicle bldg.
\i 1.-.S JKS-1E AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE
Ii with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayelnc
and bit-aching .. specialty. 124 Vi O'Farrell su,
phone Brown 353.
SUMS TO.ORDEK ON INSTALLMENTS- 91
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Ca. 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWM KKNO>VNED ITALIAN REsTAU-
rants combined: F. DELMONTE <k CO.. pro-
prietors of the Old Buoa Gusto Restaurant, 431
1 roadway, have consolidated with M R. AN'GF.LU
DKI.MoNTK. proprietor or the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-4VJ-434 Broadway, just opposite.
AG-MSCOPE - NEW fKOJECTINu MA-
chine; us^s the kiDetoscope lilms; price in-
duced, 9150 ' BaCIGALUPjV 946 Markets:. '■
pIG OUTUOOK MKKKOPTICON cHOW KVS-
J » ry nigh: cor.'?l&rk^iand Sixth sta.; artistic ad-
vertist-menis In living light , promoter* of biui*
Less. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
1 - AKTINUTON'a .SCHOOL v* MAGAZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc. 424 Pine it.: Illustration* luruiautm
lor magazines, newspapers etc.
pUPTUiiii. A-NiJ PILES CURED- NO PA*
Jt until cured: tend for book. DRSL 4i^..N*
iI E iAi <ft 1-ORT X >' I L O bUH Market *•_
ELi CTHIU LJUHI-* IN KViiilx" ROOK
Winchester Jionso. 44 Third eL, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 250 to *1 bo i*r nigtst: 91 60 to 90 per
week; !r«rt» bus ar.U bsacmca to and from the terr/
CLOAK.^. FUiir> A.»i. Mil -. RjHTAXXJCD -.*
J « nolesaln rricpf >iictonr. '-'0 SAnsomess. ' ■
C'LAIKVOYAXTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
'' HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPF.S?
Mrs DP.. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuabe ADVICE
»nd AID in ail affairs of life, of private at well as
of business nature a-,, lor Instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business Law.uits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suns. Claims.
Journeys. Speculations, Mining, etc.
Shr- discovers lost or .stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents slcknesi misfortune: recon-
ciles the separate], thus res. oring lost happiness.
Every person It adapted to some 1 articular busi-
ness, profession or race, which may justly be term-
ed tbel tru-j vocation, and yet mure tnan half ot
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
iortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain uutll you find your true vocation.
Office hi.urs. 9 to 6 onily and Sunday. Send
stamp for circmar and special terms. MRS. DX.
F. CLAKK. 120tf MatketsL. t-an Francis- o.
I>OOMS CROWDED
t
AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
TKi>LB FULL NAME.
AsKs NO QUr.SUoNS.
MKs. NASH,
CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of a'l
clairvoyants, who tees' it all, tells you all and In-
I siautly elves you peace un 1 happiness 1 mver
I asK a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, narnts In full of a! that you are inter-
ested in, all dates, ■cis, etc. I tell you who are
true to you end who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and übatobsta.
cle» art in your way and how to remove them.
How to make the best of your talents and pros-
per. How to got money. I tiud lost f<r:lc!es and
locate hidden treasure. Before en erlug into busi-
ness, law, divorce or cnarrla.e» consult me. Drive
away evil speils, stumbling blocks, bad luck and
habits, ami overcome ail evil works, riva's and
enemies. I never fall. I have brought about
more happiness than all othtr me Hums. 1 1 hers
are be helped; why not you? If you are goiug 10
see a medium, why no set- the very best? It costj
no more. No:muk to be pall 1:1 advance, and If
not entirely satisfactory notalng at all. Do you
desire anything f&lrer than that? Residence, 4VO
Eddy st.. between leavenworth and Hyde.' Office
hours: 9 a. M. to 8 p M.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No signs. Permiinently located. 'T : **; : ;
ME. DX THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC KEVJiAI,
er i.v eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
resent, tutare; consultations on all affairs ; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sar*
help; restores lost 10 v» »y sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: IMMrSX Wo Post st.. nr Larkln.
MX. AIELIiOURNI-. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls; coil and be convinced. 419
Geary st.. room 22, secoud floor; 25c and 50c.
ME PEARL . RAYMOND. FROM THE
Kail; magnetic treatments. 7 Grant ay., rs.7-8.
MRS. MELVILLE, Wl-.LL-KNOWN CLAIR-
vo>-ant. 51 Fifth st. : water reaoln s specialty.
GYPSY' LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.;
Udlcs 25c, gonts 50c: a 1 queuioos answered.
ME. MOKi.AU. BKST FORTU.NE-ThLLKR,
medium, card-reader; l'sc up. 764 Howard st.
\\ M E. P.AVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
I*l business advice: names given: 25c up.s Fourth.
ETHELGKAY.CLAIKVOYANT.CAKDRKAD-
•r mid palmist, lltitf Mlsslait si, bet. 7th and Sth
ON-ULT LUCKY MEDIUM; READS FROM
cradle to grave; 25c. ' dl M nna, basem nt.
1 ME. SYBILLB TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
■I'! grave ;plctures given ; ladles 25c. 914 O'Farrell.
hPIKITUALISH.
I^BANK HARLAND,. TRUMPET BEANCjE
J to-nklu; etheteallzatioii; »Uie-wrltlnK; 25c.
1063 Mission.
ME. YOUNG'S .TEsT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
convincing tests: 10c. 418 MeAl is.er »v
K. BCHLESJNGKR AND IRENE SMITH,
test circle to-night; sittings daily. 534 Page.
AM. FKANCIS. INDEPENDENT ' SLATE
• wrlt-r. , 118 HaUht St.: hours 9 until 6 p.m.
RS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. m , Thursday, 2 p. m. : readings.
MRS. C. MEYER— CIR. 2 ANDH M.;
tests to all; 10j sitting*. 326 McAllister st.
EMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE SLATK-
XV writing medium, is now located at 1122 Market.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for massages and advice. 218 Stockton st. ■
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM 00 WITKN ALL ELBK
lalls; alto tausnu Hypnotic lint., a O'FarreU.
CITY REAL ESTATE. -•
- ... ■ • ; t" i " _~ t 1 < - . a . 5- . ■
SOL GETZ & BROTH Kit,' "
: KEAju ESTATE OWNERS,
- Room A, First Flodr. Crocker' Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS.
rpAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cneaper than you ever will
again. ■ -*-»..•:
Q. IOH * 150 TO * 300: BUILDING LOTS:
O * v/V'. no grading: near >ilsB>on-su and ban
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthlr.
ffi«7.\ 9100, s'ISO TO$b00; CHOICES T LOTS
*lp 10. south 01 the park; near A Ciliated Col-
leges, new music stand and buulevurd; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
(ajV^fi To * 13 00: RICHMOND LOTS: WE
I iJJ — tJU can positively am; you in location, price
and terms.
Call o'i us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
;■'.", »*d EOL. OETZ * BROTHER.
Kocm A, first, floor. Crocker building.
Q9A|| 25X70, W. *JQ>K ANDERSON ST.,
(?t'" w ' 75 f.et N. from Elaine: gift map No. 1.
CHARLES C. FISHER. 507 California st.
U r ILL BUILD COTTAGE'S, HOUSES AND
"" flats nt lowest prices, for cash or Installments,
on your own lot, or will uiruish lot: call nnd exam-
ine plans. DAN EIN-sTEIN. builder, 630 Marke .
Cll O(\f\ WILL BUI LI> COT 1 AGE. 4 ROOMS
f^)X')\J\J and bath, including lot 25x100: not
f>r from City Jlall; $200 rash, balance same as
rent. W. W. KEDNALL, owner, 1326 Hayes st.
CJjjFinr) NEW. (SUBSTANTIAL. MODERN
~i OUI/ . pjtrk homes: up to date in every de-
tail; contain parlor, dining-room, kitchen,
pantry, 3 bedroums, bath, 2 furnished attic
rooms, bard. finished basement:' Baa p umbing; 3
elegant mantels: fine «a< fixture*: marble steps;
Urge lo:: sunny side of Freder.ck st., .-.ear >tan-
yan. Take any park line to >tanyan st., waU 2
blocks south: owner a..d builder on premises.
CJ-Q/^nn EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
«JT«JV-fV7U. St., nr. Castro: 5 large looms, bath
and basen em; lot 25x114; partly mortsased;
mortgage can remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood: place not large enough for present owner.
App y BKIGDEN & TURNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer.
OQTOn NA IOMA-ST. HOCSK OF THREE
«I?t)4\JV/. fia;s; rent #30; always rented; lot
25x75.
(3200— Clementina st.: 2-story house, 8 rooms;
rent reduced to *3d ; lot 25x80.
These properties must be sold to close an estate:
no reasonable offer win be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma su . No agents.
L OR SALE OR TO LET— 3-STOKY HOUSE,
-1 315 i.uerrero st ; formerly Hansen Dem.;
and Cleaning Works: steam power; well and
pump: s able. 5 stalls; 40x112; easy, terms; ap-
ply on remises, Ito4 P. M. ; also cottage, 5 rooms
and bath, 302 Second aye., near Clemen, st.
Ql(j *\(}(\ ELEGANT RESIDENCE; •£
O-l •". O\J\J. story, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rooms, etc. ; lot 25x137:6; house alone
«ost¥lo.U00: this is a great sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
t£O;: 6 LOTS ON 10TH AVK.. AND O ST.,
tF^iO. south San Francisco; title clear; terms
I easy. Apply V. E. GIGLING, 613 Mission st.
(ij r ",nn cash, balance samk as rent, i
«IT •i\J\J for new house; sunny side of Co st ,
near Waller: size 01 lot 25x125; contains 8 rooms
and all modern Improvements.
EORGE M. BALSBURY, BUILDER, WILL
VJ call and give low estimates by addressing 521
X XL, Sunset Heights.
MOXEi TO tO AN.
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Xj elry. etc.: low Interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bid?, 809 Market: tei. brown 1»1.
LOANS ON FURNITUKE OK PIANOS.
. In c. F., Oakland or Aiameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, lul7to 102 a Mission at, above Slxtn.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RE^PKCTABLK AND PKIVATK
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
a:ore, 948 Mtrket st.: telephone Green 204.
O'JAn f\t\t\ -*' r •J'ia P*B CENT ON CITY
O\J\J. \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
life 'insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. EITOR 61) MORTGAGE*
♦stales, nudlvldea in>r'f.iu, real estate in pro-
baM: furniture and pianos without reiuovju.
itcCOLUAN. -.'4 Montitomer/ »:.. room 3.
U'HV PAY HIGH INT. ON cMALL LOANS:
»» We loan an 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
Q'-*9^ (mil AT BANK KATE",: l&T AND
t£*J^jO.VJ\JVJ 'Jd rnortKacM. estates, rents, etc..
lend as tow as $50. H. .MUKl'ilY. OUS Market sv.
TO LOAN— SIO,OOO OH 11,000 ON CITY IM-
provitl rea! estate. Apply J. a. R,, box . 8, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY HEAL K.VTAIK:
any amount. WILLIAMS. 214 Pine s:.. r. 3.
Oil AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
<J>ll.' low Interest. JOS. B. iOPLITZ, 33J Pine.
Cj = r\ TO 9iO,OOO: LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D
x «Jic*l/ iroriir. : any proposition. Dryden. 413Mout
ANY SUM, Itfi OH 2ND MORTGAGES, Hs-
tales in probate, etc. Uiu. 7, 508 Ciilltornla. St.
O.N| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; -No RE-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIA.NUS AND FUKNITLItK. WITHOUT
removal very low Intents:, 116McAIIUter st.
I i.NA.NtIAL.
ANTED— EUROPEAN PKKMIU.M BONDS,
'' list d or unlisted stocks, g'ld, silver and
quartz bought and Assayed. F. EPHKAIM CO.,
6-8 Market St., opp. I'alace Ho el, -S. F.
MOXEY WANTED.
\t U-<T HAVE ?450; BIG INTKRKST; FIRST-
i'i clrsssp ur iv. D., box 10, c II office
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
4 BE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
ARE YOU ABOUT TO 94, (5. 93, 97. A PIANO?
We sell thtru for $<, $4, ( 5. $3, $7. $3, «^. $10
per month: alsoforcaah; the best makersof every
grade: don't pay rent, when the same monthly
paym nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN.
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny unU Suiter sis., stela-
way dealers.
» BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
Itl house west of Chicago la KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'tarrell s:.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
glades and prices; terms easy: prices lowed.:
everything possible done 10 please ua natbty via
customer.
ACTU.-.LLY' TMJt BK&T BAUGAINS LX Pl-
anos; monthly payments from &5 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market*:., upp. Maaou; oataii
is bed over 20 years. . .'.-'
BONA FIDK RKDUCTION IN PRICES—
X) Balnea. Knabe, Bush <& GerU and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
ON. successor to A. L. Bancrof*. & Co., 824 Post.
KAUTIFUL 9500 WALNUT DECKER &
Son nprl.-ht, good hs new, for $290 cash.
MA VAls. 769 Market St.
J? INK MEINWAY 9175; WEBKR 4250:
V Hardman $330; each one a barcatn. THE J.
DEWI.nG CO., second floor; F;ooa building.
HAW, bTKINWAY. #250; CUICKERING.
> 9185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice >mail up-
right. 995; rent $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
PKIGUT PIANO VERY CHEAP: MUST
sell account of departure. 1156 .Market st.
ftii)- RODGKRS' CABINET GRAND
ken: bargains HOKN*UN(j.2I«SPost
•ft 1 fin FIXE GROVKsTEEN FULLER PIANO
«IP A" " $4 Installments. 221 Leaven wor. St.
A BKUKNN PIANO; WILL CHARM YOU;
( A see It before .you buy. 228 Post st.
•VTEARLY NKW BABY STEIN WAY;
Xi great bargain. 1021 Van Nets aye.
RAKE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
9CHMITZ. IB McAllister, next HI born I a Bank
AT KRAI AN. CLAY & CO. ONLY WILL
you find a cock of new stein way pianos
WH. BADUt.It. SO.,K A ENT HALLKT
• & Davis ami Francis Bacou pianos. 415 >acta
BYRON MaUV. l\)t> Pv.tl' bl.— >OUX&ti,
Newbv «t Evan*. Briecs auJ other pianos.
CUPKRIOK VIOLINS. ZITHi-.K«, OLD& N'BW
O H. Ml LLEK. Biak«r. repairer. J 1 * ham place.
LOST.
STRAYED OR STOLEN — ST. BERNARD
dog: 9 months Old; curly hair, white and
black; tag 336, Mage, to eG LIN CHE grocery,
Taylor and Filbert sis.
LOST— PURSE AND WEDDING RING NEAR
237 Natoma St.; initials D. H. on ring; $10 re-
ward. 287 N atnina si. ■ ■ / •
OHT— PURE WHITE BULL TERRIER, FE-
i male: brown spots around eyes. Return to
2319 Howard, receive reward. ■
IO » T — large,, ROUND ... moonstone
J brooch, -with diamond crescent. Finder will
be rewarded by returning it to DR. DUPUIS, 713
Post st. . . :■■■
1 osr— a passbook with the hibf.rnia
Xj Havings and Loan Society of San Frauclsco, in
the name of CLARA' WEYMOUTH: No; 202,351.
The flu.aer will please return 10 bank. <:•.- ■■%-.
COUNTRY BEAT, ESTATE.
T()(\l\ 7 acres-, » V~rLLi:Y,MARIN
tjp i vuu. Count.-: rai road on one side, couuty
road on the other: choicest possible location: com-
pletely surrounded by high-class improved subur-
ban residences.
©in PER acre -so ACRES: SANTA
«S> ■ V/ Clara Valley, nr. Los Gatos: small orchard
and vlneya d.
SANTA CLARA VALLEY. 5 MILKS FROM
0 Mountain View— 7oo acre*: as a whole or in
part; very desirable; very low price.
I ARCES: ON LINE OF RAILROAD:
•I'/" within 4 miles of Napa.CHy; best va' e-
land: will »ell a< a whole for f 12.000, or will subdi-
vide In 23-acre lots at from $50 an acre upward;
will exchange for city or Oakland income property.
SHAINWALD," UUCKB-.K a CO..
.... ;.'-.;-. , . 218-V!'.'O Montgomery at.
LANDS IF THE ESTATE OF
JLI LELAND STANFORD. Deceased.
FOR SALE BY ORDER OF
MRS. JANE L. Si AN FOHD, Executrix.
Copelano Ranch, Tehama County, V!i!3B acres.
Khafer Hanch, Tehama, 340 Hcres.
Government. i : ami!. Contra Costa. 2957.82 acres.
toon and Felt Tracts. Santa Clara. 1252.84
acres.
McCoppln Ranch, San Luis Obispo, 3'JO acres,
stillman Ranch. Red ands, 282% acres.
By McAFEK BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
"I (T FOR SALE— KSakKl! NEAR
1J Lake Merrltt, East Oat.and. Particulars 63-'
Market st., room 5.
OCA ACKKB GOOD IMPROVED LAND
*-C \J In Tuolumne; also 160 acre, in Marti osa;
wocd and water; cheap for cash. A.'BRUHNKf.
1714 Polk st.
*R4nnn KoK salk — 80 ACRES LAND
<iT """". near Santa Cruz; 40 acres culti-
vated, 40 pasture and timber; bouse 16 rooms-
suitable for summer resort: . orchard, carriage
horses, cattle, implements; plenty wn;.-r: also XV
acres, aultable for chicken ranch, for 1000. 1009
Mission st., S. F.
Great bargains IN land: 1*36 PER
acre; small aces: improved an unimproved;
Alatneda Co tor details write to H. J. DIGGLts
69 Columba building. Mar.el St., S. F.
"I A-ACRE ' ORCHARD, MOSTLY CHERRY-
X V bearing, on ban Leandro e.ectric road, cc
gant house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gain: will subdivide if necessary. B. Fas»U,K
San Leandro.
Of) ACRES CHOICK LAND NEAR AUBURN:
< yf valuatio i »4'(>o; will s»l! or exchange fur
city or Oakland properly. J. H. KG' KR-, 1 and 2
Grand Western. Mar. et St., cor. Polk and Austin.
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOMKS A SPE-
clalty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agent
Sonoma, cal. '
& jATOslill; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•iP^v/ proved land: terms io suit: fruit, gram,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65. Chronicle bids.
POR CHEAP LAND AND SM ALLUAi PHoVKD
X ranches near town, write to \V. L. FOSTER
Keiseyville, Lake County, Ca .
C;?: AN ACItK; l^aj ACKKiJ TIMBKR; UOOU
%U tJ for stock or ftuit: plenty water, H. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAIi ESTATE.
FOR SALE,
113 ACRES. 3V'2 MILES FROM
OAKLAND.
All tillable land, well adapted to fruits; now
rented to dairy at $60 per month.
HOUSE, BARN, KTC.
Price only $200 per acre: terras to suit.
APPLY WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 460 and 462
Elgh:h St., Oakland.
I "OK SALK. ""
Centrally located manufacturing site: lot 166 x
132; corner Firs: and I indeu sis.,
Oakland.
On mnin line of railroad and convenient to city
wharf; price only )f 6000; $1000 cash, balance on
long time. Apply to
WILLIAM J. DINUnE,
Real K state.
460 and 482 Eighth st., Oakland,
$4r)() UHICKEN.K.ANCU: 4% ACRES;
<£>^HJ\'» 400 chickens, hone, acoj, cow, tic
Apply J. H. BAPTIST. 319 X ..my st.
Q>>- CASH, *5 MONTHLY 1.0 IS $75 AND
*$)** upward; out of 33-acre Ailendale Tract, East
Onkland. but It lots unsold; will balld you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900.
Including lot: payment as rent; Rite, climate and
soil superb: 3 electric- roads and fine school near-
conveyance tree. 459 Ninth st , bet. Broadway
and \V ashlngton, Oakland. H. Z. JoNE>, Owner.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Froitvale: only a minute's walk to the station-
see the owners at their ollice In Fruitvale for bar
gains. B.\BSr-'IT BROS., Frui.vaie station.
© 100 EACH. 4 LOTH M..LKOSE STATION
«£> i \'\J Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 dewa and $1 a week. K. B. PINNEY, 902
B.oaduxv, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITK
while, prices are low; lots 5100 to $150 at
iitchburc. beyond Frultvae; the best property
for investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars; 10 minutes to Oakland aud 43 to
.San Francisco; splendid climate, oui of dump
belt: soil excellent lor gardenia?; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to anil. Berore bay-
ing in this locality see the owner of this property.
C. M. 1: L'SKLE. 815% Washington »v. upstairs!
room 28. Oalcland. Cat. ....
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
(COX TO RENT; ' FURNISHED COTTAGE 5
'!?*'"• rooms and bath: lot 75x200: iruit and
flowers; near eiectrc-cars, etc 1321 Twemy-
sixth aye.. Fruitvale. I- ast Oakland
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSt: OF 12
rooms on heights adjoining Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk from broad and narrow age depots;
45 lur .ir.es to San Fr«nci*co; ren: 'or 3, t> or 12
m -nibs. HERON & Hoi.co.Mß. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO .LET.
TO LET TO THE PRuPEK PARTY— I OR '2
sunny rooms: upstairs: either furnished or un-
furnished, with breaKfast. if £e»lred, in choice
locall.y, at reasonable price ». where home com-
forts can be enjoyed, In srictly private family-
references exchanged. 1217 Webuer St., Oakland.
Cal.
OAKLAND FIKXISHED KOO3IS.
T ARGE SONNY RO HIS; GALINDO HOTEL,
XJ Oakland -.board optional. Bth si., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ISEMEN
Jt MMTO \ HE A L r«TATI.
IJARGAIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY. 30 MILES
1' from city; choico land: trait, hay, grain, veg-
etables, with Uvinit. springs: *^5 to *35 per acre.
11. J. DIuGLKs. 69 Coluinb an l^uildini S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP FOR A SMALL FAMILY— HOUSE OK
4 rooms: lot 35x100: hue windmill and tank;
si lendld water; price $900. O. G. MAY <X CO.,
Berkeley, • Cal. . . •
"YEW MUD .-.UN o-ROOM I OTTAGE; BATH,
il mante , Dantry, la.mdry^tabe, ken-house:
sewered, f -ticej; n ar station: lot. 40x I0U : SISOJ:
will exchange, W. C MOHAN, i-onn. or F.
iK'.I.K. (Gulden Gate. - ■••• .
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-I.OOM HOUSE: BATH AND
gen: reasonable fur summer. . -1-2 Bancroft
way. Berkeley.
PROPERTY AY ANTED.
WANTED-2 FLATS: MODEKN IMPROVE-
" went*: east of Polk anl north of Market at.
ddiess , box 88. Call. .
•^- PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EX*. HAM- FOX CITY, OAKLAND OR ALA-
meda. will pay equat difference, 48 acres. San
Lois Oblspo County: all c»n bd cu.iivated- 250
acres lev 1 : price $2750.
ON ACCOUNT OF I>i-.P.\KTI.RE, FIVr.
Steams lady's wheel; cheap. Devany C-
elery, Stan van s . * ■
HOTELS.
LKOOKLY.X HoTtCL. 208-VJH BCSH BT,
i-» board and room #1 to fz per day. 16 to Hi
p«r week; choice rooms 50 cent* to 91: salt*
looms lor family * i to SI 50 per night: tirst-ciaa*
••TVIC.; toitca CHaKLKs MoNTUOMKiiy
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. KICHARD.I, LAW UJ'llCKi KOOIU
«l 'Hi and k7. Crocks* niilnilNH mcl»»)uwimi Maul
16, ban Francisco, CaL .-. ... . .
". PHYSICIANS. ;^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELI, 1206 MARKET; RKa
2864 '2Slh <:.: dHea-«es of women n «p-ciaKy.
Additional Classified '■  Advertise*
• meats on Page 11.
UARRIAOK • r.ICEXSE*.
The following marr.u.^-' llc>ns»i hay» . btet
issued by th« Coonty Cleric* ofll-e:
Vinrenzo Franc and Vlncenza Marsllfr,29— l9.
Pavlit Verorlilge Jr. and Mai- Miranaa, 27—27.
. Ouiseppl larJouesnl Itosa !>• m -.rtinf 29—19.
D«nle'. J. Fotey ;<n : Eiuuia Hartung. 40— -.8.
In M. UreedloVf and Mar/ U. spencer, 27—22.
'■eor^ • Nubfi and.Eveiyn S. Milton; a.'—
\v alter <■. I osterand Laura C. Blair. 26-24.
<<corse If Horn and Gertrude Decamp. 3i— l9.
George O. Keves and MMricaret o'Connell,3s— 34.
Hi s.'tiolilberc and Pniniie Goslln^r < -21.
George W. Starr and Ida A. bhincke. 26-19.
Robert lllg^lns and .Mariruerite lieister. 29— '25.
Alb«>r: J. Bul;npr«;id I lizt .1. Pililipa 44-44
BHHiIS— JIARIIIAIJgS— DEATHS."
[ f'. r'h. tnafrla??"iinl <lea notices sent br mi!'
wilUiot Ie Inserted. mini be nanJel.ln »•,
either of the publication otlices and bemdori)!
with the name and residence of perioai authorizal
tobavd same puolisbtfi.i,
• ■ HOKX.
KRUG-April 24, 1897, to the wlfo of Philip Krog.
a son. - . .
PHILBON-In this city, April 26, 1897, to the
wlff or M. A. Phllbon. a ho, '
MAUiiiKU. -
BROWN— WATE— In this city. April 28, 1897, at
the Church of st. John the Evangelist, by tiio
. Rev. >- B. Sp»ldiu(r. D.D., James Albert Brown
and Charlotte Vero U»te, D^th oi San Fran-
cisco.
HARRIS-COLLEY— In tnl« city. April 27. 1897.
by the Rev. Mr. (-haw. Thomas s. Harris and
: Emily I. col icy. botn of England^
DItD.
Anderson. Raymond L. Muilins, Nora M.
Harner. Anna ... -Myers, .U-pry ri. •"• I
' Brandt, Mary Peters, Paul •
Brophey, Edward Plawchffc. Alexander
Casserlv, Mru Ann M. PuenteviHa. Crislno
1 o:ii:i8, -Jar/ A. . j Kohrbachtrr, Phillip
Gr.idy. Edwin J. - Snlllran. Michael
Ht-aphe.-. Michael J. S>vanson, Annie E. -
Hirscb bach, Joseph Tnvnlon. William
McNamara, James F. " Wilde, Able
ANDERSON— In Marine*. April 27. 1897. Ray-
mond l.oring. Infant sou o.' J. J. uni Minute An-
derson, aged 5 months.
BARNER-In thitclty. April 28. 1897. Ann*. be-
loveJ wife or Charles Barner. mid sister ot Henr/
and Clan Kemnie, a native of Hanover, Oer-
many, asjed 24 years 7 months and 16 days,
[.sew York papers pleasu copy, J
' o^Frl?n Is and «coiiiti:iiiinci>4 arc resale"-
fiiily lnvi:e<! to attend the funiral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p.. m_ from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr dS Co.. 120J Mlsaioa str^-. ,
uear Eightli. inieriiieu: Laurel lull Cemetery.
BRANDT— Ia this cilr. April 28 ISP7. Mary be-
loved wife of M. U. Brandt, and niece of Mrs. ■ K.
Hoefiingand 11 a. Meyer, a ua:iv« of Iroquois,
111., usea 81 years. *
BKOPHKY— In this city. April 27. IH>7, Kd-.v»ra
Brophey. a uatlv.- of Ireland, aged 61 years. "
0 SSERLY — A month' « mind ma si forthetepose
of the soul of mm Ann »i. C.isserly win hi
real at St. Michael's O'Uurcr,, oc^an View,
TO-MOltxu\V (Krlia;), a 8:30 • o'clock- a. M.
Friends are mv t-?d to it end.
COLLINS— in i his cltv. Mary A., beloved wife of
B. i. Collins daughter or .r>\nj.'. and '.he late
Bridget Reid, and slater of Mrs. M. li. 31 cOowan,
Mm. P. a. Kearney and Ji>,f,ih Georite, Fred
and William Raid, a imive of Liverpool, Eng-
land. a?ed 29 yean 7 months and » days.
Notice or tuneral ui>reaf:er.
GRADY— In this city, April 28. 1837, Edwin J.
Grady, beloved bro her ot Jam"-* T.. Jo'jii 11.,
Mollle H., Kobert E. and Theodore Graly, Mr*.
Knte F. Flah bourne and Mri. Emma McFaddeu,
anaUvaof Union HIIL Tuolumne County, CaL,
ased H4 years. ■ .
4£~No:ice of funeral her>aft<>r.
HEAPHEY— In this city, April 27, 1897, Michael
J , beloved husband of Nellie a. heaphey. and
son-ln-lawof J»r?nitah and Hanora Maboaey,
a native of Canada, aged Ho years 2 months auJ
10 .lavs.
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend the iuner.il THIS u\. ?
('lhnrsaay), at 9 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, .133 Day street, oetweea Ttveuty-
ntmhand Tuir leth, Noe and Sanchez, thence to
fct Paul's Church, corner 1 Went -ninth an I
.Church streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose or his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . , •
A. O. H. of A.— Members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. M. J.
Heapbey. irom his late resident-, ■ S»3 Da."
«ire«t,THIS DAY (Thursday), at 9:15 o'cloclc
A. M. sharp ■. iiKODERICK, Prej.
Petek J. aicCoßUicK. Hec. Sec.
HIRSCm KACH — ir, this city. April 28, 1837.' Jo-
- seph Hlrs.hbach, a native of MaiibelDn,' Ger-
many. * Ed Hi years.
Friends are r^Dectfully Invitel to atten I
the funeral I\>MORROv\" (rriday), at 1:45
o'clock p. .... from t'nai B'rlth Hi 11. Eddy stree .
Interment Home of I'i-uch Cemetery, by 3:30
p. m. train from Third and Town streets. -
McNA.\IAUA-In thU ritv. April 2S, 1897, James
Francis, beloved liusbanl of Kate JUc.N'auiara,
and father of .lam -i. Mary. Lillle, Katie. John
and Annie Me Samara, a native or Boston.
Mass., a;ed 43 years, . Boston (Mass.) papen
please copy. |
JBS~Friends and acauanitances are r»sp*= - -
■fnllvlnvtted to atlent iliefun-ra. T()-.MOR11O\V
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clocK p.m.. from - the par-
-1 rs of the United Undertaken, J7 and a 9 .Fifth
street, luence lo St. Joseph's Church for serv-
' ices. Inierinea:. Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
MULLINS— In this city. April 27, 1597, Nora
Mary, beloved daurhterof r..lwaid and Maria
Mullins. and sister of .vlarv J., Agnes, Leva,
John J. and Michael .Muil.i.s. a native oc County
Westrneath, Ireland, a:ed 19 years 4 mouths
ani V 8 days.
JS3" Krlendi and acoualntoncei are resonc:-
ful.y Invited to attend tha funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 925 O'Farrell street, liie.ice to tet.
"Mary's Catn-dral. Van Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem mas* will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at tf :30 o'clock
a. x. Interment Holy cross Cemetery..
MYERS— In this city. April 28. 18">7 Henry B.
Myers, beloved father of Mrs. Stephen Potter,
Mrs. Frank J. Wight and Charia, a. Myers,
a native of Pennsylvania, ajed 63 years '£
months and 27 Gn\-s a member of Mount
Moriah Lodce No. 44, F. aud a. M. - [Meadviil*
' (Pa. papers ulease copy. J
JHTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inv.teJ to attend the funeral THIS D.vV
(Thursday), at 'i o'clock p. m., from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
liueriaen Laural Hill Cemetery.
PETERS— In the City and County Hospital, April
2a. 1897. Paul Peters, aged 2 8 years. • - • ■
PLATSCHEK-Ir> this cltv. April 20. 1897. Alex-
ander P.atachek. a native of uer jinny, aged 70
years and 5 mon.ns , . ,
PUENTEVILLA— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, Apr.l 28, 1897, Cristlno PueatiVi.la," aged 68
years. ».
ROHRBACQER-In Stockton. April 25. 1897, of
hear; disease, Phillip, be.oveil hu-sba-ia or Man*
' Ruhrbacher. father of Mrs. U. Kaenier and
Emma. Adele and Charles Robrbacher, and
brother of Henry KohrDacher of Mocktun antl
Mrs. D. Ho«t:zel of Coulterville. • a n.itive of
Alsace. Germany, aged 59 years i months and
2 5 days. Miiprem'* Arch of U. P., U. A. O. D. :
P. N. G. A. of California: t'. A. of San Joaquln
No. 9, Stockvou: P. C. D. Hardnaxle Caapter
No. 3: Eoadices Circle No. 3, lirul is' Hall Asso-
ciation; Doric Loili;-- No. v:l6, F. and A. M.;
Chanty Lodge No. 6, I. O. O. K. Stockton ; ex-
' president anJdeuticher Verein and Veteran
Firemen. „
tST Friends and acaualntancAi are rasosc:-
. fnlly Invited to atteul the funeral THIS- DAY
' (Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 310 Fnlton street, near Franklin,
theiicd to Druids' Hall, 413 Suiter str-e-, be-
tween Stockton and Powell, where funeral serv-
ices will b» held under the auspices of t..e Grand
Grove of California at 2 o'clock P. m. Intermauc
I. O. O. F. Ceni<* cry.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S As-
sociation Officers ami members are requested
to assemble at their nail. Pioneer building.
THIS DAY (lour day), at 1 o'clock p. v.. to
attend the funeral of uur late < otu r P. !;oir-
bacher. JOSEPH S. MARSH AEL,
James Pexxycook. R.-c. sec. v
SULLIVAN— In East Oakland. April 28, J 897.
Michael >uii:v»n, father or Ut-orge and Marguer-
ite Sullivan, a native of Coun-y Clare, ltemaJ,
■ aged 6 years 4 months aud 4 days. '
07 Friends and acquaints 10-.4 are Mii'r-
fully Invited to n.ieitd tne funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, a. m.. from, his late
' residence, 680 lviu Fourteenth stream, tnence to
■ Bt. Anthony's Churcn. veaara a solemn requiem
mass will be celebntud fur tue repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment St Mary's vViuotery, Oakland. .
SWANSON— In Novato. Marln County. Annie
Kllzabeth. beiove l daughter of Soptile and J. A.
Swan son, a.eJ 10 years 5 months and 23 days.
«3"Fun^ral. THIS DAY (Thursday), at
2 o'clock P. if., at Nuvato Friends and relatives
are respectfully liivut-d to attend.
AYNION-in Berkeley, April 27, 1897. William
la. on, a native of l£tt*i»ail!
WADE— In this city, April 27. 1897, Able Wale,
a native of rlhode lalau.i, .^el 80 years. . . '
43rFriends an I acquaintance am rmp*oV
fully invltei to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), as 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lore of .Craig.' I'ochran C-" ., "1 and 26 Mint
av -mitt, •ntr-rmciu i.au.e! Hill t>iut»t»rir.
'McAVOr '& GALLAGHER, I.'
FUXKKAL DIEKCTORS & EM^ALJIrRS,
1 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. .
Telephone South 80.
• NOTICB.— THE BUSIXI S» OFJUAVO 4
Si GU. LA H 11 ml. be conducted a; tha
bid s and. No 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of tha widow of the line H>.NRY J. GALLAt.-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE B. GaLLAO-
llt.ll. ■ -. HIOJ. U. J. GA..LAGHKIt.
„ ANNIE B. UALLAGHi.R.
I"^bmTsrKXOlTKY^^^^^^CllAS. McMKKoKiV.
JAMES MeMESOMEV A. SON,
LMJtluAKi.liS AND Ulh.VLjh.l'o
1 ivttl tl.im*loa Street. Near Bemuiu.
I i . -,.ii.j:m -0ii.,1 Abi.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: -NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city ; non-sectarian : in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Oilico ta ¥ 7 'tltrntf
liteM, touiueus: corner ur aixiu. . , -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE BAMIAJiA BITTERS. THK
great Mexican Remedy; sirea ll*alta awl
Btren S ti» to th« Sexual Orjiani. }
1314
SAYS THE
CENSUS
IS VOID
Superintendent of Schools
Webster Springs a
■\ Sensation.
TOO MANY MARSHALS
APPOINTED.
Mr. Webster Consults the City
and County Attorney's
Office.
HINTS COMING OF AN INVES
TIGATION.
A Director Threatens to Resign.
Reports of Various Committees.
Changes and Transfers
■ A sensation of a startling nature came
to a bead at the meeting of the committee
of the whole previous to the regular gath
ering of the Board of Education last even
inn.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Web
ster made an earnest and indignant pro
test against the manner in which the
school census is being conducted, and de
clared that he believed it to be illegal
and that the work already performed
would have to be done all over again.
Coming on top of the ezploded scandal
of a few weeks ago, wheu charges were
made that the census rolls had been
stuffed and $30,000 illegally collected from
the State it startled the members, and one
School Director declared that if any more
scandals developed he would resign his
office.
Explaining his bombshell, Mr. Webster
staled that under the law thirty-six census
marshals wpre allowed, andjhe had sworn
in that many, believing the number men
tioned was all that would be appointed.
He had learned, however, he said, that
hir;y-six additional men had bien ap
pomte i, and that they were engaged in
collecting names of school children.
"I have consulted the City and County
Attorney's oHice," continued Mr. Web-ter,
"and I have been informed that such an
act is illegal, and that it may invalidate
the work already penormed.
♦'The board should investigate this mat
ter thoroughly before it goes any f under.
Ii will cost the City a great deal of money
if my information be correct, and the mat
ter -bould be stopped oeiore it entails any
more expense."
After the meeting one Director stated
that he had heard of undue influence be
ing brought to bear to get men positions
as census marshals, and that if he could
verify his information he would demand
an investigation.
He stateu in justice to those who are
conducting the census that what he had
heard was merely rumor so far, and he
would not make known the name of his
informant until he bail probed deeper into
the matter.
The board decided to investigate the
legal phase of the matter to-day and de
cide on a plan of action.
At the board meeting the Committee on
Classification made the following recom
mendations, which were adopted : Miss
N. E. Jacobs assigned to "Washington
Grammar School; Miss Margaret Fitzger
ald transferred from Hancock Grammar
School to the Fairmount Primary School ;
Miss Essie G. Phillips assigned as a pro
bationary teacher in the Hancock School;
Miss Esteile lloughton assigned :is a pro
bationary teacher to the Washington
Grammar School; the action taken on
April 14 causing W. D. Kin«sbury of the
Swett Grammar to exchange places with
L. M. Shuck of the Adams Cosmopolitan
cchool was suspenod; Miss Annie Wolf
transferred from Jefferson School to the
Le Conte Primary School; Miss Ernilv
Hartrick assigned as a probaiionarv
teacher in the Jefferson Primary School;
Miss F. McD. Shearer transferred trom the
Washington Grammar School to the un
assicned list of teacher*. Mis 3 Sliearer is
the teacher who became demented a few
days a 1,0.
The following recommendations of the
City Board of Examiners were adopted:
That Miss Lillian M. McKibben and N.
Kennedy be granied grammar grade certi
ficates; that Frank A. Reynolds be I
granted a special certificate in Latin and |
Greek; that L. A. Jordan be recom- j
mended to the State board for a life I
diploma of the high school grade.
Mr«. Katerrua Turney, wuo has served |
the usual term of probation, was elected
a regujar teacher on the recommendation
of the Committee on Qualifications.
Drs. J. G. Smith and Charles F. Mc-
Carthy reported that they had examined
the eyes of 1288 children in the schools,
with the following result: 742 normal
sighted, 91 near sightftl, 'I'll far sighted,
228 astigmatic, 14 cross-eyed. 2 wall-eyed,'
!1 color blind. Among the 546 pupils with
do;ective vision but forty-one are provided \
with proper correcting t,'!:i>ses.
The experts also reported that the
rooms in the basement of the Spring Val- j
ley Grammar School are so poorly lighted
as to tie positively ruinous to the eves of
the children occupying them. The Build
ings and Groun is Committee was in
structed to ascertain if some improvement
can be made in the roomi.
Tlie Committee on Evening Schools
recommended as follows:
That Miss Eliza L. West be transferred
fri m the Richmond Evening School to
the ilumboldt Evening School; that Miss
new to-dat:
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
motby bkin, itching, scaly fcalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
i Cuticuka Soap, the most effective ekin purify-
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as ■well as
purest anil sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
ifiiliff*ii!*si
lUllvlll d
Is ioM throughout the world. Pont* I). A*r>C. Coup.,
Sole Prop*., too. O3r"How to Beautify the Sktn,"free
Dl finn L'HMnDO Permtn«ntlr Coral hr
OLUUU nliiflUKO CUTICURA REMEDIES.
M. Magutre be transferred from the Mis
siou Evening school to the Richmond Even
ing School to the charge of Miss West's class;
mat Miss Anna L. Hornsby be transferred
from the eveniug substitute class to the Mis
sion Evening School; tnat a new cla6s be
formed in the Hamilton Evening School and
that Miss Eaiily I*. Rhine be assigned to the
charge of said class; that the resolution of the
board of April 14, 1897, assigning K. L. Mann
lo the unassigned lisioi teachers bo rescinded
HAS A DIRECT SERVICE.
A Military Telephone I/me Erected
Between Point Bonita and
Fort I'oint.
Fort Point and Point Bonita are now
connected by telephone. A branch line
from Lime Point to Bonita has been Dut
up and when the target practice begins on
May 3 next the result of each shot will be
telephoned to the fort instead of being
signaled by flags as heretofore. The quar
termastei's steamer McDowell took Lieu
tenant Green and a pariy of men, besides
a lot of slender poles and many coils of
wire, to Lime Point, from whence the
work of construction began. On May 2
the lighthouse tender Madrona will take a
spar buoy outside and anchor it about
four miles from Fort Point and in the di
rection of Point Bonita.
At the latter place officers with glasses
will note the result of each shot and will
then telephone the number of points
made to the otticer in com maud of the
squad at Fort Point.
The ship Dashing "Wave arrived from
Tacoma yesterday in the smart time ol
six days. There was a good breeze, so
the captain refused a tug and nailed hi?
vessel to a safe anchorage off ihe Mail
dock.
Owing to a washout between here and
o>;den the English mail for Australia will
not arrive on time, so th» Mouowai will
not get away here until 9 r. m. to-night.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
Charles Fuehrig aud His Wife Badly
Injured by an Electric-Cur.
Charles Fuehrig, a grocer doing busi
ness at the corner of Mission and Fif
teenth streets, and his wife, Mrs. Dr.
Fneurig, were painfully if not seriously
injured while driving yesterday afternoon
about 1 o'clock by being run into and
thrown from tneir buggy by Mission
street car 1021.
The accident occurred on Mission road,
near Milton street. Alter the collision
the patrol wagon was telephoned for, but
as Mr. Fuehrig objected to being taken to
the Receiving Hospital he .and Irs wife
were removed to their home, at 1846 How-
Stateroom No. \ on the Stockton Steamer Captain Weber, in Which Dr. Me Call and Frank Boley
Were Found Dead.
ard street. Dr. H. H. Hart was sent for,
but before his arrival Dr. W. B. Coffey, a
Market-street Railroad Company's doc
ton arrived at the house.
Upon examination it was learned that
Mr. Fuehrig had sustained a severe scalp
wound from the top of his head to the
bridge of the nose, besides many painful
bruises about his arms and body. Hi 3
left leg was also badly strained.
Mrs. Fuehrig was seemingly more fortu
nate, as the only noticeable injury wa< a
badly strained ana swollen foot, but both
may have sustained internal injuries.
The horse which Mr. Fuehrig was driving
was only shcrhtly scratched, but the buggy
was a total wreck.
Mrs. Fuehrig stated that she heard no
warning from th approaching car and
she cannot account for ihe accident.
NO MORE DELAY.
Stone From Coluts for the Ferry Build
ing Will Be Delivered on
Time.
Harbor Commissioner F. S. Chadbourne,
Architect E. K. Svrain and Engineer H. C.
Holmes returned from Colusa yesterday
afternoon, where tht-y had been on a visit
to Sites, the location of the quarry from
which the stone is being supplied for the
new ferry building.
The object of this visit was to make per
sonal observations of the facilities for get
ting out the stone.
The delay which has kept back the
stone work of the buildine is accounted
lor by the officials of th» Harbor Office as
bein): chargeable to a legal tangle with
the Oregon Gray Stone Company, to
whom the contract had been first awarded
by the Harbor Commissioners for $'230.
--000. At that tim • the Sites quarry in
Colusa had not been developed sufficiently
to place be'ore the Commissioners a fair
sample of the quality of their stone.
During the legal right the quarry was
tract cally tied up, but it has now ma
chinery sufficient to do the worK nece-j
--sa.-v.
The Visit by the officials a few days ago
has satisfied them that everything is now
in first-class working condition, and two
flutcar loads of stone will arrive at Fourth
and Townsend streets every day.
• — • — •
Scissors are machine-made, the blades
being cut separately from plates of steel,
then ground, fitted and riveted by hand.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1897.
DEATH IN
THE LEES OF
DEBAUCH
"No One to Blame," the
Strange Message of
Two Suicides.
DIED IN A BOOM ON THE
WEBER.
Dr. McCall and Carpenter Boley
Both Well Known in
Stockton.
MORPHINE FOUND IN BOLEY'S
STOMACH.
Both Suppose! to Have Been Despond.
ent From Hard Drinking— McCiil's
F.unily Connections.
A strange case, supposedly of double
suicide, was discovered on board the
Stockton steamer Captain Weber early
yesterday morning, as she was moored at
the Clay-street wharf. And the sequel is
that the body of Dr. James C. McCall of
the Slough City and v man believed to be
a carpenter named Frank Boley of the
same place lie cold and stark at the
Morcue.
At what precise time the two men met
their death it is hard to say. At 6:30 a. m.
the men were discovered in siateioom
1, secured by the physician, by Porter
George Miller, who had been ordered by
Captain 11. Potuin to awaken the pas
sengers and inform them that San Fran
cisco hail been reached.
Wiien Miller informed the captain that
j no answer was made to his repeated calls
and knocks and that on unlocking and
opening the door, which had been locked
from the inside, the expression on the
faces of the two men did not appear nat
ural, he dressed himself at once and went
down to see wliat was the trouble.
Dr. McCall was found on the oed, fully
dressed, and the man supposed to be
j Boley, the carpenter, was lying on the
floor with a piilow under his head. The
I latter's coat, vest and shoes had been
i carelessly tos-sed into a corner of the
j apartment and on the floor beside him lay
an empty pint flask, which still contained
about a teaspoonful of whisky.
Purser Gillis was immediately sum
moned as soon as the two men were found
dead, and identified the man in the berth
as Dr. James C. MoCali, at one time a
prominent physician of Stockton, who
had been dragged to bis lowly position by
the demon rum, and stili further, by tnor-
Dinne, a habit acquired later on. Ho re
membered to have seen the two men con
versine st Stockton before the steamer
left. Both had been drinking heavily, a*
was evidenced in their red ana swollen
countenances.
At midnight the steamer stopped at An
tioch. There McCall saluted Purser Gillis
and inquired where he could purchase a
drink. 'i be latter told the doctor he
would have time to go ashore and get one,
and lie at once left the steamer.
It is entirely probable that while off the
steamer he purchased the whisky.
Whether he also purchased morphine
at Antioch or had it already with him
cannot be known. But he is said to have
used the dangerous drug to excess.
The carpenter, Boley, must have drunk
last, for the flask was found 'by his side.
He had not engaged a berth, but had a
ticket which called only lor a general pas
sage.
The Morgue authorities were notified,
and at 7:30 o'clock the two men were re
moved there. During the morning the
autopsy physician to the Coroner, Dr.
Gallauber, removed Boley's stomach and
gave it to Dr. Morgan for chemical analy
sis. Indications of morphine were in that
organ, but the whisky remaining in the
flask will require several -days to be prop
erly, analyzed.
The pockets of Boley contained a 25
--cent piece, a pair of spectacles and a small
brass ball. The only other article discov
ered on him was a Chinese laundry ticket,
on the back of which was written: "There
is no one to blame."
In Dr. McCall's pockets nothing at all
was discovered but a small nocket-kniie.
Sergeant Mahoney and Officer James
Mackie, who were detailed on the case by
Captain Dunlevy of the Harbor police, as
a result of their investigations reported
that it was a case of double suicide.
The man believed on good authority to
be Boley was about 45 years old and 5 feet
Bor 9 inches in height. He had blue eyes,
brown hair and a light brown mustache.
He wore a gray fedora hat, a dark suit,
somewhat faded; white shirt, with turn
down collar, and a brown-figured four-in
hand cravat. His gaiters were tan.
Dr. McCall emigrated to Stockton from
the East about five years ago, accom
panied by his wife and child. He- was in
duced to do so by bis deceased brother,
who was Mayor McCall of Stockton
and well connected.
McCall did well for some time, as he
was a good physician, but when he began
to drink bis business was neglected and
rapidly went to the dog?. After he added
the habit of using morphine to his other
practices his wife obtained a divorce.
It seem? that the two men were imbued
with a drunken iaea to kill themselves in
a manner that would attract attention.
If analysis of the whisky shows no mor
phine this theory can be taken as almost
certain. If it does, it may never be known
whether Boley knew that the physician
had placed it there or not. But the writ
ing on the laundry ticket would indicate
that he chose death himself. His wife is
said to be divorced and now living in San
Francisco with her three children.
An examination ot Dr. McCali's
stomach, made late in the afternoon.
showed the presence of morphine in large
quantities.
BELIEVED TO BE BOLEY.
Dr. McCall's Companion Thought
to Have Been a Stockton
Carpenter.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 23.-The de
scription of the unknown man which was
telegraphed from San Francisco to the
Mail answers to that of Frank Boley, a
carpenter, who had been working for
Joseph Hoerl at the latter'a planing-miii
in the western part of town. Recently
Boley was laid off temporarily, but he
was to have gone to work again to-day.
Yesterday he entered the mill and acted
in a peculiar manner. Without making
any explanation of what he intended todo
he snatched up his toolchest and walked
out. This forenoon Mr. Hoerl was hunt
ing for him to go to work, when he hcara
of the double suicide aboard the steamer
Weber.
Boley's father is a cook, who works for
William Harelson, a farmer of Roberts
Island, and a few days ago he sent word
to hi* father by George Mowry, a neighbor
of the elder Boley, saying that he wanted
to see him. The father arranged to be
here last Monday. The younger Boley
iold Mowry that he intended to go to San
Francisco in a a few days. Still another
circumstance which corroborates the sus
picion that it was be who was found dead
with McCall is the fact that he had been
drinking with him about town for several
days, and was seen with him in the neigh
borhood of Masonic Temple, opposite the
Union Company's boat landing, and also
in water-front saloons, less than an hour
before the steamer started for San Fran
cisco.
They must have boarded the boat and
purchased their tickets at the purser's
<ffic<>, for no ticket was sold to Dr. McCall
at the office on the wharf
About three years ago Boley was di
vorced from nis wife in this city. She
and their three children reside in San
Francisco, and it is supposed that one of
nis objects in going there was to see them.
He could not have started in search of
work, for Hoerl. his employer, had told
him that there would be work for him at
the Dlaning-tnilU
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS -
9>A Muslin Underwear ! fl
M Dependable merchandise, with but one fair profit between the l|
m maker and you, and that profit in the shape of concessions, because 11
M of the importance of Hale's order. Clean, honest garments at the Z
D price of inferior stuff. Bright, fresh, stylish stocks, the result of fl
I large purchases by Hale's California stores. J|j
S ®®®®<§®®®®®®^^ ;;
1 MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, j CLOAK DEPARTMENT. 1
I LADIES' FINK CHEMISE, Tor- ! LADIES' EMPIRE GOWNS, very BLACK FIGURED ALPACA rj
Kg chon lace trimmed, the best of ore . heavy soft- finished muslin. SKIRTb. thoroughly lined and fj
■ heavy mus.in. a hUh-giade £*) deep lawn ruffle. embroUery CXC bound, altered to perfect tit, g
S well-made garment. Sale price Each tr mmcd from, fancy silk- CO line for work days or vacation ©9.00 M
■ ° _; r stltcned. Price Each trips, fine for country folks. AttH?^— — *j
X *-'— LADIE S 1 KOKT-FIXISI^ED MUS- ■ ITAT kn nniTAT «7 *n bti it S
LIX CHKMISK, embroidery LADIES' UMBRELLA SKIRTS, SKIRT— Die line iv« arrived 8
and lace-trimmed front, ruffled OQC tine heavy muslin, deep cambr c ffl> "1 .OO We ara now prepare Ito supply < $
neck and armleU, superior O«J flounce, with 4-inch embroidery $1 everybody- tl-oronithlv lined 'B
workmaus:iip. Sale price .Each raffle on bottom. Price 'Each with satin-stripe pfrcallne well fij
"~~"~ ~~~~~ bounl with velvet* an extra n
' . "~~~~ heavy black brocade in very 8
LADIES' Fine SOFT- FINISHED LADIES' FIXE CAMBRIC UM- . bwftffuU v'^'lfir^dt'o fit' Uks^AJT BO H
M l l?LIX (JOW >S. lar K e turn- BKELLA SKIRTS-Deep cam- tauor-maae skin at no Ix 1— - 1
down collar, embroidery trim- FxQC brie flounce, with Insertion and <]]*"] .45 charge. A leader at Ilale's . Each >B
ia:icy silk-stltched pleated *J<J 0-inch embroidery ruffle on «J)J . '.9
front, ale price Each bottom. Price ia-- ' ' H
jj — HALE' 3 $5 VACATION SUITS, H
— — — — tan mixed homespun cloth, in n
Eton effects, a swell little suit £|
LADIES' V-SHAPED SOFT-FIN- INFANTS' CAMBRIC DRESSES for shirt waists and summer H
■ I-HKD MUM.IN GOWNS, PCC AND LONG SLIPS, embroid- O'C wear: the price gives no idea of tfj 00 ■
fl tucKed ana emoroidertd trim- \-'*J cry trimmed neck and cuffs. &'-' the beauty. At Hales for econ-«]pv/— — B
I rued yoke, bale price Each Your pick at the sale for ,fcach omy seeders • Suit ;,H
fl NEW WOOLEN DRESS GOODS. NEW COTTON DRESS GOODS. I
X" FANCY MKLRA CHECKS, for walking skirts and 9?^ LINEN DESANDT, a linen effect in fancy stripes, a nXC $3
B shirt waist ou:nts, an all-wool cloth, in he newest —*) summery cloth, as cool at it is pretty, worth 10c. O4 W
EL stiadinKS, several styles to select lroiu. At Hales... Yard t-pe.iaL at Hale's Yard fci
S nTTD . n _, „„.,.,..,.„ a hi«riinA „. nil __„. .._.i,i«. a ni' NEW ORGANDIES, fifteen pretty colorings and pat- f OiC <k S
I ULK 4UC »Ulll.>US — A OiH line OI ail-WOOI noveuies, . Aly~ L>tii« flirpveninir nnrl tiarfir rironix- nurr^rna irnti Yald 'I
R most any styie or color, a good heavy cloth, 37 Inches 3 U d On 't'usua:ly aca c _. P ...?.'. ... - .?.. Yard
8 EMBROI'iERED DOTTED SWISS, linen grount to 1 QIC a§
H WORSTED CHECKS, a fad of the season, the new cot- t^AC sei off the colored dots, dota In green, red. blue, X— ■•£ |J
f§ ors, 39-iuch. At liaie's, per yard O\J brown, yellow and lavender. •At Hale's Yard W
9 A Regular 25c TWO-TONED SUITING, In cotton warps. ICC I LINEN HOMESPUNS-Here Is a novelty, looks like a IXC id
m 40 inches wide Special ... Yard xO linen ducking, a heavy, coarse tahr.c like our grea; JLO IH
■ ' r " grand(areuts used to mate: very swell Yard Pi
5 ALL-WOOL FANCY SUITINGS worth 35c to 50c a 91 C DOTTED SWISS- Prettier than ever, the new lines In, ICO ¥l
M yard, just the thing lor a cheap outing suit, *our —J- . I soli.i colors in pink, blue, tan. curu and Nile graeo. 10 ffl
5? pick at : lard A bis line at Yard S]
Hi FANCY BEIGES, plain gray or faucv mixtures a hari- O^C CRINKLED SWISS, a solid shaded fabric with crinkled TOO ■fH
f£% ' tinishel fabric, sheds dust like glais, 38-lncu. At —tJ ; str.|>"s, pink, white, red, blue. Nile and corn. At -L — .'Kl-
m\ Hale's Yard I Hale's Yard ¥/\
wL """"" ®®®®®®<§Xs>&^^ m
fl MONEY SAVED IN TOWELS. m
Wmk HEMSTITCHED HUCK TOWELS. 1>5x30, 1 AC UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS a MM
m///\ our l"«,c toweL Sp cia at 1U thick, heavy towel and very larare (23x ' V///A
■V///f/\ - - ■ 51); a luxury :nrthe bali; 'Joe worth ut IHO . {//M,
Wff///fki FRINGED HUCK TOW'KLS, pure linen, nC towel this week a. Hale's for XO iWm//J
WML lts x a6 ;lLM. a ,valu !l _ ! p,cialat 0 ALL-LINEN DAMAsiTfoWELS. 18x39 >«
'////////ff\ BLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, 21x42; "I AC lnche*. kno te 1 fringe colored borders; 1 ,":0 / '/}//}
y/////jM//fIK our iay 2 c towel. Special at IV & spare room towe. : 20c wortu t->r XO *$MWyymt
///M////^M)< These are bona- fide reductions. The IIEUU- MAILORDER DEPARTMENT Speedy, eili- /ty/Z&rfr^
WiJj/////////////))L LAR PlllCK la the lowest In the city tor equal [dent, reliable. Money back if no: satisfied. Send V^fr^V^Ti*
/ MM///y//YyMtK^ towels. |for catalogue— free to the country. . &S"^ W v-
I ■ — "
HELLMAN'S QUEER PLIGHT
He Thought Ho Was Divorced
and Married Another
Woman.
Fraud Was Us d &nd tho Grand Jury
Will Investigate Who Is
to Blame.
Charles Hellm.in came from St. Louis a
few iiay- ago and surrendered himself to
the police, as he wanted to secure a vindi
cation, which he got from Judge Low
yesterday afternoon.
Helimiin unfortunately is in an awkward
predicament, through no fault of his own.
He was divorced in January, 1595, married
another cirl a few months later, ana now
it seems he was not legally divorced and
his present wiie and her child have legally
no claim upon him.
Heilman and his first wife mutually
agreed to a divorce, and in November,
1894, they went to George \V. Howe, who
advertises that divorces are a specialty
with him. In due time Heilman secured
the divorce from Judge Troutt, and was
surprised to lenrn a few weeks ago that he
was wanted here on two charges of perjury,
for having sworn before a notary public,
when signing the divorce complaint, that
he and Ins wife had been living apart tor
one year, und f>r having sworn to the
same effect before F. W. Lawler. a com
missioner appointed by the Supreme
Court to take evidence in the case.
The complaining witness in the case
was John Pearson, Precita avenu-, who
lived next door to Heilman and his w:fe
before the divorce proceedings were com
menced.
The cases came up before Judge Low j
yesterday afternoon and Attorneys George
Ji. Reid and Lemon appeared in behalf of
Hell man.
Pearson and his wife were in court and
testified to the fact that Hellman und his
wife were living together liil within three
or four weeks of the divorce proceedings.
In his evidence Hellman related how he
went to Howe by seeing his advertisement
in the papers. They talked tne matter
over and Hellraan said Howe wanted nim
to get two or three friends who would tes
tify that he and his wife had been living
apart for a year, but Hellman told him he
knew no one who would do that, and, be
side?, it was not true.
He called upon Howe eeveral times and
finally, he said, Howe got him to sign a
paper. He denied ever going before Com
missioner Lawler and never saw that gen
tleman, who was la court, in his life. At
torney Lawler gave his evidence and
faiicd to identify Hellman as the husband
who gave evidence before him.
Hellman finally got his decree of di
vorce from Howe and thinking it was all
right he waited for a few months and got
married again.
A witness in the divorce case was Jo
Drake, who swore that Hellman and his
wife had been living apart for a year, but
Hellman swore he did not know such a
man and never heard of him before.
Attorney Rsid said that if what Hell
man testified to wore true the divorce was
null anil void, a3 it had been obtained by
fraud on some one's part, and Hellman's
second marriage was illegal.
Howe took tbe stand and made a gen
eral denial of the statements made by
Heilman. He said Hellman had sworn
before the notary public and before the
Commissioner that he had not been liv
ing with his wife for a year prior to the
commencement of the sui:, and when he
iouud he had sworn lalsely he wanted
him to suffer for perjuring himself.
Judee Low said he believed every word
that Hellman said and he would dismiss
the charges against him. "It Is infa
mous," continned the Judge, "that such
practices should be permitted, and some
drastic method should be adopted to stop
them. Hellmnn should swear out a com
plaint against Howe for obtaining money
by false pretenses."
"I am prepared to surrender myself if
he does," said Howe. "I have my certifi
cate as an attorney and can produce it at
any time."
li Can you practice in the Superior
Courts?'' asked Attorney Reid.
Howe declined to answer the question,
but reiterated that he had a certificate.
Attorney Reid said he would lay the
whoie matter before the Grand Jury for
action.
IN JAIL TOE A MISTAKE.
C. B. Ryer Arrested on the Complaint
of a Pawnbroker.
The absent-mindedness of Attorney J.
C. Campbell of the firm of Reddy, Camp
bell & Metson was the cause of Chris B.
Ryer spending several unpleasant hours
in the Southern police station last even
ing on a charge of obtaining goods by
Jalse pretenses, preferred against him by
William Schmaiz, a Fourth-street pawn
broker.
Up to Tuesday afternoon Mr. Campbell
was Ryer's debtor to the extent of $500,
and he drew a check on the California
Bank for the ouni of bia indebtedness, and
gave it lo Ryer in payment of his obliga
tion.
The bank was closed, and as Ryer
wished to redeem a diamond ring, a dia
mond stud and a gold watch and chain
he had pledged to Schrnalz, he asked him
to honor t:ie check received from Camp
bell. The pawnbroker accepted the check
and advanced the difference between the
amount ot the pledge and the check's
value.
Yesterday afternoon Schmaiz presented
the check at the California Bank, but the
cashier refused to pay it, saying that Mr.
Campbell had no personal account with
the bank, all his money being deposited
in the firm name of Reddy, Campbell &
Metson.
The pawnbroker returned to his office
and sent word to Ryer to call on him.
Ryer calle<i, and alter being informed of
ttie stnte of affairs he was turned over to
an officer, who took him to the Southern
police station.
Ryer was durufounded, and immedi
ately informed Mr. Campbell of his ar
rest, who dispatched one of his clerks io
explain to the police the mistake he had
made in putting his own signature on the
check in place of the tirm name, and to
raise bonds to secure Ryer's release. This
was done, and to-day the matter will be
adjusted.
Judgment Agaiimt Sprcckela.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger yesterday
(tave judgment for the plaintiff in the suit ol
Webster Jones asainst RudolDli Sptectels. The
defendant leased a house iroin Jones for tlie
period of eighteen months and at the end ot"
ihat lime the plaintiff was compelled to spend
several hundred dohius to repair damages to
the carpets, curtains and other mrniture. He
sued for (230, and judgment was given for
the entire amount asi>.ed.
AT RATH JEN'S
The most good goods A SPECIALS FOR
for the least money. THREE DAYS.
EASTERN DRIPS— PORK and BEANS— EAST INDIA RELISH—
Delicious high-grade ta- Van Camp's celebrated Embodies more that is deli-
ble Syrup. Speci.il 50 Boston beans, prepared in cious and delightful than all
cts. gallop. Regularly tomato sauce— 2 and 3 lb. other relishes combined. Pts.
75 cts. gal. tins — 10 cts. and 15 cts. — 15 cts., qts. 25 cts. — reduced
reduced from 15c and 20c. from 20 cts. and 30 cts.
PIPER HEIDSICK CHAMPAGNE 21 StocHton Street.
Telephone Main 5522.
100 pts. for $I.oo apt Used to be «r-45 a 3253 Fillniore Street
pt. We find we have bought tOO liber- lelenhone West 152*.
ally and we have an overstock. Mall orders promptly filled.
Greatest Stock.
Greatest Facilities.
Greatest Opportunities.
Right Prices.
Right Terms.
Right Treatment.
ReMgeralors, from $6 00 up
Folding Beds 12 50 up
Parlor Solas 10 00 up
Chiffoniers (Oak) 8 00 up
Bed Sets, 11 pieces 21 50 up
100 rolls of New Carpetings. .'... 65 yard
400 Second-hand Carpets 4 50 up
JUST RECEIVED— i Car Parlor Goods
1 Car Sideboards
1 Car Bed Seta
Cash or Easy Time Payments.
Two Acres of Floor Space Packed.
J. NOONAN
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.
516-518-530-522 Minna St.
Above Sixth.
PHONE JESSIE 41
OPEN KYEXI>'GS
spectacl6&Eye Glasses
accUratfly. fitted BY •
EXPERT OPTIC ANS}i
AT MODERATE PRICES.
OPTICIANS Ano^^photographic '
642 MARKET ST. 5U XV> "
UMDIR CHHO/SICLE BUILDING.
LADIES -*=-
SPECIAL SALE
Tailor=Made Suits,
Value $20. So!d for $12.50.
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
46-48 GEARY STREET. .'" "
ft ?PATENTsf %
market aisjSSSr