VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 40.
SHORTRIDGE IS GAINING.
Now the Forces of Perkins
Are Routed and Badly
Scattered.
Judge Daly Reiterates His Opinion:
That No One Is Bound by
the Alleged Caucus. \
LEGISLATORS SO ADVISED BY
CONSTITUENTS.
- — — — — —^__^^_^
Friends of Shortridge Declare That He Has
the Enemy on the Run — Both Branches of
the Legislature Adjourn Until Monday,
and Many Members Come to
San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. The opinion is now freely expressed
that the Perkins forces are breaking up and that no election of a
Senator will occur next Tuesday.
Senator Gleaves and others asked Judge Daly to-day whether he
had been correctly reported in this morning's CALL to the effect
that a caucus was a conference of persons of sufficient number and
with sufficient power to effect the common object. The Judge replied
that such was the fact. His opinion is now accepted as the law of the
case, and this disposes of all the hopes of Perkins which were based
on the snap "caucus."
As Perkins is losing, so Samuel M. Shortridge is gaining iii strength
and popularity. The friends of the latter are now sure that he has
the enemy on the run. ;-••
NOT BOUND BY PLEDGES.
So the Honest Legislators Are In
formed That They Will Not
Have to Vote for Perkins.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 9. — The
Perkins forces are demoralized and in full
retr at. They had been secretly and
openly working for a year, and when the
caucus which was to decide the matter
once and for all was held, there was, ac
cording to their own admission, but one
vote snort of ending the contest. Why
did they stop on the very threshold of
victory? Simply because their strength
had been spent and exhausted and they
had not a solitary round of ammunition
left. It is a dangerous thing to come to a
bait in the middle of a charge when in
front of the loaded guns of the enemy.
That's what the Perkins people did on
the night of the alleged caucus. On the
next day they did worse. One of the
strongest men weakened and left the
field. His example was contagious, and
within twenty-four hours several more
had done the same.
Sig Bettman, Sam Rainey and Major Gillts Hod a Caucus, With Rtiss
Stephens on the Right Wig.
The San Francisco Call
To-day the desks of the Republican
members in both bouses were littered with
; letters and "rush" telegrams from their
i constituents to the effect that George C.
j Perkins had sung no siren song of the
; sea that couid entrance them. Those con
j siituents reminded their representatives
! that the candidacy of Mr. Perkins was not
j an issue in the primaries, and when the
resolution indorsing his candidacy was
i read in the county conventions, there be
j ing no other aspirant for the place, the
resolution was adopted, and for the further
reason that the delegates did not wish to
arouse the animosity or the resentment of
j Mr. Perkins' friends. The letters and
j telegrams indicate it never was a question
that was seltled — no one considered it,
and therefore no fight was made. The
whole southern delegation were pledged
to Senator Perkins, yet the letters and tele
grams show that the people represented
by that delegation are not for him.
The opinion of Judge Daly of the Code
Commission, published in The Call of
yesterday morning, attracted consider-
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1897.
SAN JOSE DEMANDS BETTER REPRESENTATION.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— in an emphatic manner the Board of Trade directors *»rpr»Bsed the senlimentrthafr California is not ably represented in the United 1 States Senate , and coming aa it does at this parti
cular time the action is about as significant as a body of conservative business men coutd take. It was brought about by the defeat of the proposition to improve Alviso Creek. Vigorous resolutions were offered by
Director A. C. Darby, and after warm opposition on the part of Director C. J. Steeple, who is district freight agent of the Southern .Pacific Company, were aJopted, Steeple alone voting against them. Following are
the resolutions:
RESOLVED, That In the recent report of Mnjor K. G. B. Davis of the Lighthouse Engineer Corps againat an appropriation by th« Government for the improvement of Alviso Channel, said report
contained, perhaps unconsciously, intimation- that those improvements are in the interest and benefit of the proposed Santa Clara Valley Railroad Company; and this report further states that through
the extension of the above proposed railway to a point threo milts farther than the present fixed terminal deep water may be reached.
RESOLVED, That the Board of Trade most strenuously objects to the first of tho above propositions, as not being in accordance with the fads, as the movement for these improvements wag
inspired by the public demand made by the citizens of San Jose and Santa Clara County, based upon the necessities of the case, as shown through shipping statistics, carefully and honestly compiled,
and which have been furnished from time to time to the Lighthouse Hoaid and our Representatives at Washington. We object, also, to the second of the above statements, in that it is not a fact that
deep water exists at the point stated, and cannot be round at a nearer point than at least five miles from the point known as Port Alviso.
RESOLVED, That In the above report a great injustice has been done to this valley in postponing relief confidently looked for, and which would be cheaply purchased even with an appropriation
of 946,000, as suggested by the engineer's report.
RESOLVED, That this report emphasizes the need of an able, energetic Representative In the United States Senate, one familiar with the needs of this and all other sections of the State, and who
will be prepared at all times to champion the rights of the people as against any antagonistic influence.
RESOLVED, That we continue our struggle for the improvement of this waterway in the name of the citlsens of this county, and that we appeal to Congressman E. F. Loud of this district and
our Representatives in the United States Senatn for the relief sought for.
able attention among the Republicans,
and several who had attended the caucus,
among the number Senator Oleaves, asked
Judge Daly whether his remarks had been
correctly reported. The Judi-e replied
that they hnd been, and reiterated that,
speaking in a general sense of all caucuses,
there can be no caucus of a lessor number
Arrival of " The Call ff at the Cafe of the Golden Eagle Hotel, Sacramento*
I than are required to effect the purpose
for which the members had gone into
caucus.
Judge Daly's opinion has had consider
able weight with the members, and the
idea is nuw prevalent that the action ol
the so-called caucus can bind nobody.
A large number of legislators went to
San Francisco on this afternoon's train
and the lobbies of the hotels wherein the
"push" and "puli" most do congregate are
as lonely and deserted as the banquet hall
of which the poet Moore wrote: "Whose
lights are fled, whose garlanus dead, and
all but ho departed."
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Many Members of the Legislature
Discuss the Senatorial Situation
In Hotel Lobbies.
There was quite a breakaway from Sac
ramento yesterday. The session of each
branch of the Legislature was brief, and
adjournment was taken until Monday to
allow members to catch the early after
noon trains for their respective homes.
Among members of the San Francisco
delegation who came to the City last night
were Senators Mahoney and Wolfe and
Assemblymen Dibble and Dennery. Sam
uel M. Snortridge and Colonel Isaac
Trumbo arrived in the City on the train
which left Sacramento at 3:lo p. m. Others
arrived on an earlier train.
After the late hours incident to the
organization of the Legislature and the
activity of the Senatorial contest the mem
bers were pretty well worn out and imme
diately went to their respective homes for
a good night's rest. At the Palace, Grand
and Baldwin hotels and the Union League
Club but few of the legislators were seen.
In the Palace court W. B. Hamilton, L.
Bromwoll and ex- Assemblyman Pendle
ton of Los Angeles discussed the outlook
for next Tuesday's balloting.
Major Frank McLaughlin. chairman of
the Republican State Central Committee,
left ihe Palace shortly after 10 o'clock and
went up to the Baldwin for a talk with
Jacob Stcppacher, Jacob Shaen and
others. Major McLaughlin will go to
Sacramento, probably Sunday, to attend
the meeting of Presidential electors at the
State Capitol on Monday. Ths contest
for t..e honor of bearing California's vote
to Congress is sill in proeress.
Democrats around the Baldwin Hotel
talked of the rumor that Senator B. P.
Langford of Snn Joaquin and A. Caminetti
of Amfidpr might, in a certain contin
gency, cast their voles for United States
Senator for a candidate other than a Dem
ocrat. The opinion was expressed that
neither the Senator nor the Assemblyman
would desert his party.
One of the Democrats said: "Senator
Langford baa received many honors and
emoluments from his own party, and he
will not be found ready to close his DO'iti
cal career in California. It certainly
would be closed if he should waver now.
Caminetti, who was sent to Coneress by
Democrats, will not imperil his chances
for further political honors by acts of de
sertion.
Monday evening the union minority of
Democrats and Populists will meet in Sac
ramento again to caucus on the Senator
ship. The caucus held Thursday evening
disclosed ihe fact that Maguire, Cator and
Lane will bo the candidates for the honor
of v complimentary vote.
In Republican circles it is now con
ceded that there will be no choice for
United States Senator on the^ballot next
Tuesday. The prominence which Samuel
M. Sboriridge has gained and the expres
sions of the leading Republican press in
his favor were freely commented upon.
The programme which promised Per
kins sixty-one votes on the first ballot
cannot be carried out. The proof of this
assertion is evident by the desperate out
reaching of Perkins' managers to get votes
from tht Democratic camp. Conceding
the obstacles which Mr. Snortriiige was
obliged to encounter in order to break the
programme it is acknowledged that he
has made a masterly canvass.
The tactics of the opposition to Mr.
Bbortridge have changed. The whip is
not plied to force reluctant Republicans
into the Perkins corral, but soft words,
blandishments, pledges of patronage and
place are employed to hold the wavering.
The ridiculous claim that a binding
caucus was held and that either the Re
publicans who attended or those who did
not were bound thereby has been shown
to be so absurd that it has been prac
tically abandoned by the Perkins man
agement, ana it is generally conceded
that no actual or sufficient caucus was
held.
The opinion of the Attorney-General
that the pretended caucus of last Monday
was in any way binding upon those who
attended has set this issue finally at rest.
No one is better posted on party usages
than Judge Daly, Assistant Attorney-
General and one of the Code Commission
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
era appointed to revise the laws of the
State.
Judge Daly scouts the notion that any
thing like a binding caucus was held.
The Per Kins managers attempted to hold
a caucus and boasted of their early ability
to do so by securing at least sixty-one
votes. To that object they bent all their
tnergies, but they failed to realize their
boast.
"Why," said a well-known Republican
in the Baldwin Hotel lobby la3t evening,
"You might as well claim that twenty or
even ten out of the entire membership of
the Legislature would constitute a bind
ing caucus. The claim of the Perkins
managers is simply ridiculous/
ADJOURN UNTIL MONDAY.
Several Bills Introduced In the
Assembly and the Tariff Reso
lution In the Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. B.— The ses
sion of the Assembly to-day was unusually
brief. A resolution to adjourn out of re
spect to the memory of ihe late Cyrus
Coleman was passed without opposition
and recess was taken until Monday
morning.
Bills were introduced as follows:
By Dibble, to amend the law in regard
to street grades.
By Kyan, to complete the seawall of San
Francisco.
By Gi-uy, amending riparian law?.
The tariff question absorbed the atten
tion of the Senate this morning for some
time. Senator Langford's motion to
adopt the resolution embodying the
memorial to Congress of the California
State Fruit-growers' convention fixing a
tariff on all imported fruits was passed
after considerable debate and by a mixed
vote.
A petition from the growers of South
ern California asking the Legislature to
memorialize C ingress to amend the pres
ent tariff law on citrus fruits was ordered
Rheu-
matism affect 3 the Joints and muscles and
causes constant suffering. Cure it by neutral-
izing the lactic acid and purifying the blood
by takii'R
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Me\/\/t*ts Dillc are the best after-dinner
nOOU S r'Ulb pilis.cure headache. i»c-
2
"Au revoir, but not good-by/' said Assemblyman Camuutti.
incorporated in the minutes and printed
in tne journal.
The Senate then adjourned until Mon
day morning.
m
MINERS' APPROPRIATION.
Senator Prisk Has a BUI Providing
for the Release of the Bis
Fund.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. B.— The ap
propriation of $500,000. now lying in the
treasury on tap, as it were, for the benefit
of the hydrtulic miners and to be used in
the construction ot d-ms to restrain the
debri.-?, will be released from durance to be
put in circulation by a bill to be presented
in the Senate by Prisk of Nevada. The
bill will be to carry out resolutions
adopted at the last annual convention of
the California Miners' Association sug
gesting legislation to remove certain
technicalities in Ihe way of the use of the
money, half of which has been appropri
ated by the Federal Government and half
by the State. The bill as prepared by
Senator Prisk provides that the Governor
shall, on or before the Ist of January,
appoint a civil engineer, for lour years
only, said engineer to.be known as the
California Debris Commissioner and who
shall receive a salary of $0000 and his
necessary traveling expense-. His duty
shall be to consult and advise with the
United States engineers comprising tne
California Debris Commission crea ed by
act of Congress in relation to tUe con
struction of the aforesaid works. All ex
penditures shall be subject to the approval
of the State Board ot Examiners.
BULLA PREPARES BILLS.
One Measure to Simplify the
Methods of Provinarand Record
ins: Realty Titles.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. B.— Two
years ago Los Angeles sent to the Assem
bly as one of its representatives a man in
the prime of life, whose countenance was '
overspread with the pale cast of thought, :
aiiu who showed long before the close of
the session tti:it be was one of the most,
if not the most, industrious workers in
the Assembly. He had all but a very
small fraction ot his bills prepared, so that
when the Hou.-e had organized and the
Speaker announced that the i>ext bus:- |
ness in order was the introduction of bills, '
this unobtrusive little man handed up a
batch of bills asked for by his constituents.
Between that time and the end of the I
session he had not more than a half dozeii |
to present, so that he was at liberty dur
ing the remainder of the life of the tession
to derate all bis time and energies to the |
work of guiding his bills safeiy through
tiie shoals and quicksands. He put in his
bills early and they were passed or re
jected as ti.rly as the case might be, be
cause he was always on hand in fair
weather or foul, and the rollcall never
showed that he was ever absent from nia i
seat.
This little mar. who was so faithful to i
his trust was R. N. Bulia, at present a
Senator from LO3 Angeles. Senator Bulia
is very much interested in the Torrens
land transfer act, which failed of passage
at the last session of the Legislature. The
system originated in Australia, and is in
successful operation there and in Ontario,
New Zealand and Manitoba. He will
make en attempt at this session to have
the bill become a law.
The bill proposes to simplify the method
of provinc and recording the title to real
estate. Under the present system every
deed or other document that refers how
ever remotely to the transfer of real estate
has to be recorded. This involves the con
stant searching of the title and the enor
mous accumulation of the documents per
taining to title. Under theTorrens system
when a person is about to buy land, or
when he wishes to offer a piece of land for
sale, he makes applicaiion to the Superior
Court in the same manner as an action to
quiet title is brousrtit. That application
must be accompanied by the abstract and
notice must be given to every person men
tioned in the abstract and to the owners
of property adjoining. Then the court
makes inquiry and ascertains the exact
condition of the title and renders a decree.
A certified copy of this decree is taken to
the Recorders office, and the Recorder
thereupon issues a certificate of title. If
after the certificate has been issued, a
mechanic's lien or a mortgage has been
filed, a statement of that fact is entered
on the certificate. All transactions in
which that piece of real estate is concerned
are recorded on the certificate, and the
certificate is the only document which the
intending purchaser need examine.
At the last session of the Legislature of
the State of Illinois an act was passed
similar to the one introduced in the As
sembly of this State, ani which was de
feated in tne Senate. The Illinois act was
declared unconstitutional because that
act did not provide that the application
had to be made to the court, but it created
a register, as under the Australian act,
which gave him judicial powers. Ohio
has also passed a similar act, modeled
largely upon the one which the California
people prepared. Opposition to the bill
comes from searchers of records and law
yers, because they fear that the bill will
make their business slack; but Senator
Bulia does not think that this class of
people will be injured for the next fifty
years. The act does not make it obliga
tory to brini the title of land into court.
It is entirely optional.
A bill giving cities jurisdiction over
parks wholly without their boundaries,
and over roads and streets leading thereto,
will be introduced in the Senate by Sena
tor Bulia. The bill, while ueneral in its
nature, is intended to assist the city of
Los Angeles to take care of a magnificent
tract of 3000 acre-> of land presented to that
city for a park by G. J. Griffith, one of her
enterprising citizens. The Senator will
also introduce a constitutional amend
ment giving to women the right of suf
frage. The Senator is an ardent advocate
of the doctrine.
Railroads for Tahoe.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. a— The peo
ple of Nevada County have for a long time
been anxious for a railroad from Truckee
to Lake Tahoe for the accommodation of
tourists, whose numbers would be largely
increased if there were railroad facilities
between those points. Such a raiiroad
would be of great value to shippers along
the route. But there exists an obstacle in
the way in shape of the law prescribing
that all railroads operating in this State
must be operated continuously. Senator
Pri3k of Nevada and Assemblyman Rob
THE SAN FRANCISCO t?ALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
inson of the same county have prepared a
bill to remove the leeal oostacle without
sacrificing or jeopardizing the rights of the
people. The bill provides tnat all rail
roads operating in this State whose line*
of road are wiiolly constructed at an ele
vation of 5000 feet or more above the level
of the sea shall only be required 10 main
tain and operate their roads or to run pas
senger or freight trains thereon between
May 1 and October 15 of each year.
The road will be built by Mr. Bliss
president of the Tahoe and Carson City
Lumber Company, backed by merchants
of Grass Valley and Truckee. He has been
in the lumber business for many years,
but since th» suspension of so much work
on the Corastock lode he has not been
able, under present conditions, to find a
very profitable market for bis lumber.
The road will open up a market for him
self and many others in various lines of
business. It will run along the Truckee
River and will be quite a scenic road and
very attractive to travelers.
The enterprise will increase the taxable
property in Nevada County and will be
the advance agent of prosperity for her
people. During the winter months snow
lies along the entire route to a depth of
ten 10 fifteen feet, and it is therefore im
possible to travel or to transport merchan
dise during that season.
Screw? on Officials.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. B.— Some
people over in Alameda must have had
some difficulty collecting debts from offi
cials who shield themsslves behind a pro
vision of the code exempting them from
the operation of garnish men; s and execii
tions on their salaries. The bill will place
public officials on the same footing as
other citizens.
BRAUNHART'S BILL.
Changes In the Law Governing the
Election of County Committees,
and Proposed Reforms.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 8. — The
following bill has been proposed by Sena
tor Braunhart:
• An act to provide for the election of mem
bers of the governing committee or body of
the respective political parties, associations, or
organizations, to promote the purity of said
elections by regulating the conduct thereof,
and to prohibit certain acts and practices, in
relation to the privilege of free suffrage, ana
to provide for the punishment thereof.
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section 1. At the general election to be held
in the year 1898, and at every general election
thereafter, there shall be. elected for every
election precinct in the State one member to
represent such precinct in the governing com
mittee or body for each county, or city and
county, of any political party, association or
organization which, st the ge.ieral election
iast preceding, polled at least 3 per cent of the
entire vote of the connty, or city and county.
No person not a bona-fide resident and elector
oi such precinct shall be eligible to the oflice
of member of such governing committee or
body of any political party, association or
organization. Any qnalified elector of any
election precinct may file with the Clerk of the
county wherein he resides, or, if a resident
of a city and county, with the RegistrHr
of Voters or such other officer or board
as is charged by law with the duty of
attending to and regulating matters touching
elections, not more than sixty days and not
less than thirty days before the day oi elec
tion, a certificate, which shall be signed by
electors residing within the precinct for which
the candidate :s to be presumed equal in num
ber to at least 10 percent of ;hu entire vote
cast at the las: preceding election in the pre
cinct for which the nomination is to be made.
Buch certlficiito shall set forth that the candi
date is a bona-fide resident and elector of said
election precinct and that he is known by the
signers thereof to be a person attached to the
principles of the p^liiica; party, association
or organization designated and particularly
described in the snirt certificate. Such certifi
cate must be verified in the same manner as
required ior a certificate of nomination men
tioned in section 1188 of the Political Code.
Upon the filing ot such certiiicate,
signed and verified in manner afore
said, it shall be the duty of '.he
Clerk of a county or of the Registrar of Voters
of a city and county ,lor other officer or board
charged by law wi ih the duty of uitundiu? to
and regulating all matters touching elections
therein, to print the name of said candidate
on the official ballot oi such county, or city
and county, as a nominee for the office of
member, for the election precinct specified in
the said certificate, of the governing commit
tee or body oJ the political party, ' association
or organization, particularly described in the
certificate, verified and filed in the manner
herein set forth; provided, that no certificate
of nomination shall contain the nanu-of more
.than one candidate for the office of member of
the governing committee or body of any polit
ical party, association, or organization; ror
shall any person join in nominating more
than onenominee lor such office. Ail tickets
containing the names of candidates, under the
provisions of this act. shall have '.he number
of the precinct in which such ticket is to be
voted printed thereou.
Sec. 2. The laws concerning general elec
tions of this State, and the penalties prescribed
for any violation thereof, shall apply with
equai force to all elections conducted under
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 3. Every person nominated in the man
ner herelnabove described, who has received
a plurality of all the votes cast in his own pre
cinct, shall receive a certificate of such elec
tion from the Clerk of a county, or Jrom the
board or officer ot a city and county who is
charged with such duty by the laws relating
to general elections.
Sec. 4. Each nominee so chosen as a member
of the governing committee or body of the
respective political parties, associations or
organizatlors shall hold office as such memb-r
for the period of two years from the first Mon
day after the Ist day of January next succeed
ing his election.
Sec. 5. The governing committee or body of
the respective political parties, associations or
organizations of each citr, or city and county,
chosen in the manner herein prescribed, shall
have the exclusive right to determine the
time for holding the primary elections for
delegates to constitute the convention or con
ventions ot tneir respective political parties,
associations or organizations for the nomina
tion oi candidates for political office, or to
adopt such regulations for the appointment of
delegates to the convention or conventions of
tneir respective political parties, associa
tions or organizations as such governing
committee or body may deem proper, and
shall have all o;her necessary powers for the
government ol their respective political par
ties, associations or organizations within such
county or city and county; provided, that
whenever the persons so chosen as members of
the governing committee or body of any polit
ical party, association or organization of any
county are electors of election precincts situ
ate within the corporate limits of any city or
town such persons so chosen shall have within
the said corporate limits of such city or town
exclusive jurisdiction of all matters pertain
ing to the government of such political party,
association or organization in and for such
city or town; provided, that the rights of
suqh persons as members of the governing
committee or body <.f such political party,
association or organization of the county
wherein such persons reside are not in any
wise hereby limited, abridged or impaired.
Sec. 6. Within thirty days after the passage
of this act the Secretary of State hhal l cause
10,000 copies of this net to be printed in pamph
let form tor free distribution.
Sec. 7. AH acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with this net are hereby repealed.
Sec. 8. This act shall tnke effect and bo in
force irom and after its passage.
tiJLTAlt'\ SIt.UL INSPECTORS.
former Employ *a of Government Con
fr"Ctor* Are Eligible.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 8.-Naval
Constructor Dashiell has been charged
with the exam nation of candidates for
the new civilians' inspectorships of steel
for the ships under construction and his
first ac: was to rule that the list of eligi
bles may include men who have been in
the employ of the contractors furnishing
steel to the navy. Aoout seventy-five ap
plications for these positions huve been
received, and the men will be examined
from day to day as they present them
seives until about twenty have qualified.
Tuese will be employed immediately,
and those who pass the examination will
be carried on the reserve list for future
employment. The special steel board re
turned irom Philadelphia to-day with
samples which they took irom Hie plating
of the battle-ship Alabama, which they
will test at Norfolk.
FURTHER PLEAS
FOR PROTECTION
Ways and Means Committee
Listen to Pottery and
Glass Workers.
American Labor Driven to the
Wall by the Existing
Tar.ff Laws.
Congressman Tay o of Oiio Speaks
for Both the Manufacturer and
the Operative.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The
Ways and Means Committee to-day heard
representatives of the earthenware, glass
ware, marble and stone industries.
F. W. Walker of Bearer Falls, Pa., the
first speaker, advocated a change in the
section of the present Jaw relating to
title", favoring a new classification with
specific duties.
R. W. Leslie of Philadelphia advocated
the retention of the present duty on ce
ment.
L. Arrington of Alton, 111., asked on be
half of the blowers of Illinois the restora
tion of the McKinley rates on bottles.
E. A. Adard of Streator, 111., a glass
blower, said that the American workmen
had been driven to the wall by the present
tariff law. Works had been closed, wages
reduced and the hours of work increased.
Under the McKinley law the industry had
prospered and at the same time the cost
of t>ottles was reduced 25 per cent.
W. J. Smith of Pittsburg spoke for the
workers in flint and lime glassware, the
most important branch of the glass indus
try, employing the greatest number of
labor, ra and having the largest capital,
lie asked for protection on lime and flint
products, in order that the industry might
live and employment be given the idle
workman.
W. y. Dorflinger of New York, repre
senting the Cut-glass Manufacturers' As
sociation, said a high tariff on cut glass
was necessary to compete successfully
with the ware produced by cneap loreign
labor.
Representative Taylor of Ohio, who rep
resents the district formerly represented
by President-elect McKinley, spoke for
the manufacturing Bnd operative potters.
What they wanted, he said, was the recog
nition by Congress of the difference in
wages paid to workmen here and abroad.
The committee adjourned until to-mor
row, when those interested in iron, steel
and lead ores will be beard.
TO BLOCKADE CHARLESTON.
Interesting Work Cut Out for Admiral
Bunco — A Most Powerful Fleet
Will Be Engaged.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.—Ad
miral Bunce's squadron is to blockade
Charleston early in February. The Ad
miral had a iong conference with Secre
tary Herbert and other naval officers to
day, and as a result hi* plans for drills
arsd maneuvers, of which the rigid mili
tary blockade of Charleston, S. C, is the
chief feature, were thoroughly approved,
and all necessary arrangements for carry- ]
ing out the proposed operations will at
once be inaugurated.
The scheme involves the maintenance
of a strong blockading fleet off Charleston
harbor and the assignment of one or
more fast ressels, including the Vesuvius,
to do duty as blockade-runners. Stores
and coal will be massed at Port Royal as
a basnfor the smaller blockading cruisers,
but the battle-ships and perhaps the big
cruisers will have to take turns going to
Hampton Roads for supplies, unless it
proves feasible to serve them on the high
'eas. It is expected that the new cruiser
Brooklyn, which will be ready to leave
Puiladelphia to-morrow to net a silver
service from the city for which she was
christened and is then under orders to
take aboard her torpedo outfit at New
port, will then be attached to the squad
ron in time for the maneuvers.
The fleet will be the most powerful
gathered in recent years — including the
battle-ships Massachusetts, Indiana and
Texa« ; the cruisers New Yorir, Brooklyn,
Columbia, Newark, Raleigh, Montgom
ery, Marblehead and Castine; the ram
Katahdin; the monitors Amp itrite and
Puritan ; the torpedo-boats Cnshing and
Ericsson; the dispatch-boats Dolphin and
Vesuvius and the transport Fern.
OF INTEREST TO J II B COAST.
Professor Jordan Mr fused an Honor at
Washington.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 8.-When
Professor David Starr Jordan of Leland
Stanford University was | in j Washington
recently he was offered the place held by
the late Dr. George Brown Goode, assist
ant secretary of the Smithsonian Insti
tution and head of the National Museum,
and declined. The regents meet to elect
January 27, but it was a foregone conclu
sion that Dr. Jordan would have been
chosen had he signified his willingness to
accept.' i . , ■
Senators . Perkins and Whit* and : Rep
resentatives Loud and Barham have been
appointed members of a reception com
mittee at the inauguration of Major Mc-
Kiniey.
Phillip S. Bate of the Oakland Republi
can Alliance will be appointed an aid on
the staff of General Horace Porter, grand
marshal of the inaugural parade. - .;
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original — Jonathan Ford,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; increased —
Edward Conlon, Los Banes;; James W.
Pierce, Los Angele<; original widows,
etc. — Minor of Peter B. Wilmarth, Gilroy;
Catherine Fisher, San Francisco.
FIVE CBILItHKS I)tiOITSEI>.
The Mother Nearly Lose* . Her Life in
Vain* arts lo Save 1 hem. ■
ST. LOUIS, Mo , Jan. 8. — News has
reached here of a very sad accident by
which I rive children were drowned. Mrs.
McKinnery, their mother, narrowly, es
caped suffering the same fate. ; . It appears
that the six people were . traveling along
the prairie in a wagon, when they came to
a creek which was very much swollen by
the recent rains. It was not known," how
ever that it was deep enough to upset the
wagon. In midstream the horses became
unmanageable, and the current being
swift it swept the wagon, 7 horses and occu
pants down the creek. The five children
were too small to help themselves, and the
mother almost lost her life in trying to
save them. v
Heal fritate IteaUr in 'Iroublr.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Moritz
Bauer, a real estate dealer, was arrested
yesterday on an indictment charging him
with swindling people out of real estate
to the amount of $100,000. It it alleged
that Bauer, as president, of the Manhattan
Investment and Construction Company,
carried on an extensive swindle in dis
posing of land In Westchester County and
other parts of the Greater New York.
BLOOD AT A CHRISTENING.
Hungar en Festivities Result in One Man
Dead, Two Dying and Five 0 hers
Bad y Wounded.
SCRANTON, N. J., Jan. B.— A Hun
garian christening at Maylield this
county, had tlie usual bloody ending
which attends the affairs, for as a result
one man is dead and two are dying and
five others are badly carved. Strong
1 quor flowed freely at the christening
and soon many of the men were mad with
drink. Seven of ihe participants in the
feast went to the house of Lucetz Krutchas.
Krntchas soon bad to resent an insult to
his wife and then the krvives flashed out.
Mrs. Krutchas dashed out the light and
fled from the room. A iearful right foi
lowed in the dark. Tne drink-maddened
men cut and stabbed each other and
rolled together upon the floor in deadly
grapple.
Finally a constable and posse broke
into the bouse and when a light was had
a ghastly picture was presented. The
furniture was battered and broken and
blood was everywhere and stretched on
the floor were eight apparently dead and
dying men, groaning and cursinp. A
physician was hastily summoned. Krut
chas was so terribly cut that, he died
in a short while. The injuries of the
other men show the savage nature of the
fight
SHORT TWENTY THOUSAND.
Arrest of a County Treasurer of lowa
Who Confesses io a Heavy
Embezzlement
DAKOTA CITY. lowa, Jan. B.— Th*
Supervisors oJ Humboldt County met to
day and after investigation found County
Treasurer J. W. S. Lindley $20,000 short
in his accounts. Lindley was elected two
years ago and was re-elected last fall.
Lindley admitted his guilt. He was taken
before Justico Taft, charged with erobez
i zlemint and held under f 15,000 bonds
which he could not furnish to the Grand
Jury. He went to jail.
Lindley was a livestock buyer and did
an extensive business. It is said he lost
heavily on stock deals last fall and then
tried to recoup by dealing on the Chicago
Board of Trade, but io3t still more. A
shortage in his accounts was found last
June, but the matter was straightened up.
He was an active member of the Baptist
church and quite active in securing the
enforcement of Jaws. His bondsmen,
twenty-four in number, are nearly all
farmers. Somo of them will be left in
straitened circumstatices when com
pelled to meet their share of the shortage.
— i ♦
JOB A CCO TAU-T XX CO CUT.
Ihe Suit for Injunction -Now Being Ar
gued in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. B.— The suit
brought by Attorney-General Maurice T.
Moloney, on behaif oi tbe people oi Illi
nois, against the American Tobacco Com
pany, also called the cigarette trust, ask
ing for a perpetual injunction against the
company to restrain it from doing .busi
ness in Illinois, came up before Jtidge
Gibbons this morning. The Attorney-
General liled an exhaustive information
in chancery against the company, alleg
ing that it existed and aid busings in vio
lation of the anti-trust law of tne State.
The company filed a demurrer to the
iniormation, and oral arguments on this
demurrer comprised the proceedings be
fore Judge Gibbons all day.
The Attorney-General conducted the
case for the people, and the company was
represented by W. W. Fuller of New York
city, general counsel, and Hon. Charles H.
Aid rich, ex- Solicitor-General of me United
States, local coumel. Mr. Aldrich opaned
the case with arguments in support of the
demurrer. His brief set forth at length
tbe allegations made against the company
in the Attorney-General's bill.
It states that i tie company was organ
ized in 1889 and 1890 by Allen <fc Ginter of
Richmond, W. S. Kimball & Co. of New
York. W. Duke & Sons of North Carolina,
the Kinney Tobacco Company of North
Carolina, and Goodwin & Co. of New
York. The alleged trust had a capital
stock of $25,000,000 when organized, wnich
was afterward increased to $35,000,030.
The concern was attacked on the ground
that it was formed for the purpose of es
tablishing a monopoly in restraint of trade
and to control the manufacture in, this
country of cigarettes made of paper.
The Attorney-General, in reply, con
tended that the act of 1893 did not even
attempt to repeal the anti-trust Jaw of
1891. The former act was only supple
mentary and it was not void in omjtting
to declare trusts and combinations illegal
and prohibit them, because specific renal
ties, imposed under the act of 1891, con
tained all that was omitted in that of 1893.
He contended that the law, derived from
English jurisprudence, gave him the
riglit, as the pubic law officer of the State,
to come into court and ask for a redress of
these wrongs. It was his duty to protect
the people when the law was being vio
lated without waiting until "rogues fell
out and honest men might come by their
own dues." Arguments will be resumed
to-morrow.
HALF-BHKEH ISMAS'S SUIT.
Wants Forty- Three Acres of Land in the
Heart of Kaunas: City. ■
KANSAS CITY, [ Mo., Jan. B.— Joseph
Boulanger, a half-breed Osage Indian,
came here yesterday. from. Elgin, Kans.,
and announced that he would bring suit
to recover forty-three acres of land in the
heart of Kansas City, now worth between
$40,000,000 and $50,000, 0C0. The land was
bought by the Government in 1842 from
Collise Mentardeau, a French trader, who
was the grandfather of the present claim
ant.
Boulanger is a prosperous farmer and
has lived in Elgin for years. He shows
apparently indisputaole proof of bis re
lation to Slontardeau. On March 18, 1894,
Bouiang:er read in a Kajisas City paper of
the filing of the patent, granted to Col-
Jise Montardt-au by President Andrew
Jaekaon, whose signature was affixed by
A. J. Donelson, his secre.ary. Tlie land
was patented at the Land Office of Lexing
ton. Boulanger claims that his grand
father, being i. norant of legal forms, tiad
never tiled the patent, and that the trans
fers ot the properties since then have been
invalidated. The property holds the larg
est building in Kansas City.
Hin < laim filed.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. B.— The re
organized Northern Pacific Railroad has
filed witb special Master Alfred L. Cary a
special claim of lien against all lands of
the old Northern Pacific Railroad. This
special claim fa made in behalf of the
holders of the old preferred stock to the
amount of $35,000,000, of which 95 per cent
Ls held by ttie new company. It la said by
attorneys interested in the case that if
ihi« claim is allowed it may result in
leaving nothing for the payment of other
claims.
Pension Swindler's lAqht Sentence.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. B.— Ex-
Pension Examiner James A. Jordan was
sentenced in the United States court to-day
for defrauding the Government. The pen
alty was a tine of $1000 and a return to the
department of all the misappropriations
of funds. Jordan paid the tine and was
released.
SENATOR SAMUEL BRAUNHART ATTENDS TO BUSINESS
THE NEW PRIMATE
OF ALL ENGLAND
Enthroned at the Cathedral
of Canterbury After
a Scene.
Both Archbishop and Ceremony
Denounced as Frauds by
a Ritualist.
Resu t of Contentions Between High
and Low Churchmen Upon the
Dcctrine of Evolution.
LONDON. Enq., Jan. B.— Right Hon.
Most Rev. Frederick Temple, recently ap
pointed Archbishop ol Canterbury and
Primate of all England, was enthroned in
the cathedral at Canterbury to-day in the
presence of twelve Bishops and 350 clergy
men and a large laity. As the procession
entered the cathedral an enthusiastic rit
uralist named Greenwood cried out:
"Both the ceremony and the Archbishop
are frauds!" Efforts were rnado to quiet
Greenwood, but he continued to cry out
until seized and locked up.
Ecclesiastical England (including Wales )
is divided into two great provinces, each
ruled over by an Archbishop. The larger
province, with twenty- three dioceses, has
its seat at Canterbury, the capital of the
ancient kingdom of Kent; the smaller,
with only three dioceaes, at "York, the
capital of Northumbria. The Archbishop
of Canterbury has always held pre-emi
nent and universal authority over the
whole kingdom.
This pre-eminence is marked in the
titles which the respective Archbishops
assume. Both are primates. But the
Archbishop of York is simply called Pri
mate of England. The Archbishop of
Canterbury, on the other hand, is Primate
of all England. It h also indicated by
their relative rights of precedence. The
Archbishop of Canterbury had precedence
ovar all the nobility save those of royal
blood, the Lora Chancellor comes next
and then the Archbishop of York.
Though the Archbishop of Canterbury
is the sacerdotal head of the Church of
England, the nominal and secular head is
at present Queen Victoria; The reason
why the Archbishop of Canterbury is the
priestly head of that church is that bis
special diocese is the cradle of English
Christianity. It was here the authority
of the Pope over England was transferred
during the reformation to the Episcopal
church, Henry VIII then being the ruler.
The enthronement to-day was an im
posing and spectacular affair. It is the
most impressive, perhaps, in the whole
category of ceremonies of the Established
church. All the leading prelates from
far and near were present. The represen
tatives of royalty were present and distin
guished men in all ranks of life occupied
seats of honor.
The disturbance made by Greenwood
was not altogether unexpected, for a large
part of the .Protestant Episcopal church is
opposed to the new primate.
To them Dr. Temple stands for all that
is heretical in the teachings of the higher
catechism. He is one of the most ad
vanced Liberals in the ranks of the Eng
lish churchmen. He has long been a pro
fessed advocate of Darwin's theory of evo
lution and of views similar to those which
resulted several years ago in the famous
Briggs controversy in the United States.
Dr. Temple is, moreover, not a man to
conceal his views. He has in many pub
lic utterances let the people know his atti
tude on these subjects.
in bis successive offices of head master
of Rusby School, Bishop of Exeter and
Bishop of London, he has written and
preached distinctly in accordance with
the "broad" school in the Church of Eng
land.
Indeed, so frank has he been that his
enemies could not let- his confirmation go
by without entering a protest against his
position. The ceremony took place in the
Bow Church, Canterbury, December 22.
In the midst of it Rev. Dr. Brownjohn,
formerly chaplain of the Bishop of Bath,
arose and startled the congregation by
protesting* against the confirmation on
the ground that Dr. Temple was a self
confessed believer in the full doctrine of
evolution, and that this doctrine was in
compatible with fidelity to the Book of
Common Prayer and the Articles of Re
ligion.
The Royal Commissioners declined to
hear the Rev. Mr. Brownjobn. After
leaving the church Mr. Brownjohn dis
tributed leaflets to persons outside the
building. It was well known that this
was not the individual protest of Mr.
Brownjohn — that influential and powerful
lorces stood in bis shadow. These forces
are not of the "high church" school, but,
on the contrary, of the low churcn or
evangelical school.
Ttlihop Keane'* -V'-ir "file.
ROME, Italy, Jan. B.— Bishop Keane,
formerly rector of tne Catholic University
Washington, has been nominated bishop
assistant at the Pontifical throne, sta
tioned in Rome.
EUREKA FIRM'S lULEM3IA.
Purchased a Pair of Home* Claimed bi/\J
an Alatneila Mini.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. B.— Last July the
large grocery firm of A. C. Dauphiny &
Co. of this city made what they considered
a shrewd bar am in horseflesh by pur
chasing a pair of half-slarved horses for $35
from Henry Strong, who drove them up
from Alameda County. With good care the
animals were soon restored to condition,
but now, just when the horses are begin
ning to prove their good qualities in the
nrm'a delivery wagons, a third party steps
In and claims them. This ope Crowley
of Alameda, who in a letter to the firm
claims that the horses were stolen from
him and demands their return. So far,
however, Crowley has failed to establish
the fact of theft or his right to the horses.
Strong, who is still here, is said to belong
to a wealthy family in Oakland, and it is
believed that while there may be a differ
erence in money matters between him and
Crowley. there has been nothing criminal
in the transaction.
•■
J'retidenlinl JCleetort to Meet
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. B— The
Presidential electors will meet at the Stats
Capitol next Tuesday and declare the
choice oi California for the Presidency.
There is said to be a contest among the
electors for the honor of bearing the
official declaration of Major McKinley's
choice to Congress. D. E. McKinlay
would like to be chosen ana has any num
ber of friends who would be glad should
he be so honored.
Santa Barbara Cutting Affray.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. B— An
international controversy arose here late
this afternoon between an aborigine and
an Italian, which will cal for arbitration
before the Superior Court. At) Indian,
Dame unknown, took tae iniiiat.vo and
slashed P. Halenzula, an Italian, in
"Jack-the-Ripner" style. Both are in jail,
the former under the care of the Sheriff.
the latter the Sheriff and a doctor.
AEW TO-DAY.
THEIiCK
ARE CURED.
The Depression Caused by
Disease Is Dispelled.
DISEASES. ESPECIALLY THOSE OF
a chronic nature, cannot be cured ex-
cept by a treatment that strikes directly
at the root ot the trouble. The new, origi-
nal and marvelous method of treating dis-
eases tnat is pursued at the State Electro-
Medical Institute is one that never fails.
The salutary effects of the treatment on
any disease are at once perceived and a
speedy and permanent cure is invariably
made in every case.
The treatment is medical and electrical
combined. The peculiar method of ad-
ministering these two great curative reme-
dies is a new, original, scientific discovery
of the Institute. It is used exclusively by
tbtm and the most amazing results are
accomplished in the treatment aud cure of
all diseases.
The Institute is splendidly equipped
with every device Known to the scientific
world for administering medical electric-
ity, includine large Static, Faradic and
Galvanic batteries, Electric Beits, Body
Batteries and a great variety of other
electric appliances that are manufactured
and used exclusively by the Institute in
their Electro-Medical treatment. By
means of these electric batteries and ap-
pliances, vitalizing, life-giving electric
currents are used to aid in sending the
Institute medicines directly to the dis-
eased organs and diseased parts of the
body.
* The medicines prescribed at the Insti-
tute are perfect laboratory triumphs, for-
mulated from a true appreciation of the
medicinal wants of the body; and when
these medicines are aided in their recu-
perating and healing work by electricity
scientifically applied, every symptom of
disease is rapidJy aisrelled, the patient
soon regains perfect health and strength,
while the depression caused by disease is
displaced by the happiness and pleasure
that, is the natural heritage of those twin
blessings, "a sound mind in a sound
body."
If you are sick or ailine, if you want to
know what id tne matter with" you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort,
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IkEATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, Blood Diseases, Rneumatism, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Diseases,
Stom.ich Diseases. Diseases ol the Liver,
Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Dis-
eases, Diseases of Men, Diseases of Women,
and all Curable Diseases.
$5 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES.
WRITE— If you live out of town and
cannot visit the Institute this need not
deprive you of the benefhs of the wonder-
ful Institute treatment. Patients can be
cured at home just as well as when per-
sonally treated at the Institute. It is
only necessary to write a plain statement
of your condition, explaining your feel-
ings and symptoms as clea-ly as possible
and from this the Institute doctors will be
able to accurately diagnose, correctly pre-
scribe for and permanently cure any case.
STATE ELECTRO MEDICAL NSTITUTE,
3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.REFUNDING
IS ARGUED
Second Day of the Hearing
On the Powers
Bill.
CONGRESSMEN EXPRESS
THEIR VIEWS.
Brief Speeches Made For and
Against the Prop:sed
Measures.
SCME AMENDMENTS WILL BE
OFFERED.
An Attempt to Consider Other Matters
at the Evening Session Is
Soon Blocked.
V WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The
fecond day's discussion of the funding bill
in the House developed much more inter
est, from a popular point of view.
Johnson (K.) of California In the course
of a -peech supporting the bill alluclea to
W. R. Hearst of the San Francisco Exam
iner and New York Journal, in most in
vective terms. He was answi-red by
Cooper (R. ) of Wisconsin, who character
ised the incident as the most disgraceful
be l*d ever known in the history of Con
gress. The bill was advocated by Patter
son (D.) of Tennessee and Hepburn (R.)
of lowa, and antagonized by Harrison (D.)
of Alabama, Boatner (D.) of Louisiana,
S»wanson (D.) of Virginia, McCall (R.) of
Massachusetts, only upon the rate of in
teiest proposed by Wheeler (D.) of Ala
bama, and Shafroth (P.) and Bell (P.; of
Colorado.
To-morrow the bill will be under consid
eration ior amendments, and several sub
stitutes for it will be proposed.
Upon request of Turner (P.) of Georgia
a resolutiop was agreed to instructing the
Attorney-General to add to his last annual
■ report full copies of all correspondence
and telegrams between the department
and public officers and all persons relative
to the great strike in Chicago in 1894 and
the action of the Government in suppress
ing the same.
The House than went into Committee of
the Whole to farther consider the Pacific
railroads funding bill.
.Patterson (D.) of Pennsylvania opened
the day's proceedings in a- brief speech,
supporting the bill. He said he did not
subscribe to the theory of the sentimental
side of tue controversy — that the builders
of these roads were great public bene
factor?, opening up a vast territor3 r to the
growth of the improvement and prosper
:.-•-• of the Nation. There was another
which might be called the popular
-that held these men up to scorn as
jiblic robbers. He did not subscribe to
that view, either. There was no use, he
said, discus-sin?; matters beyond the pale
of remedy by (Jongre63. The fact was that
the Government had loaned its credit to
the companies by the issue of its bonds,
taking as security for the repayment of
tbe money thus advanced second mort
gages upon certain property. The bonds
issued amounted to something over $60,
--000,000, and tlie security was a second
.mortgage upon about 3000 miles of rail
road. This mortgage did not include tbe
terminals of the railroads, an assertion,
Patterson said, that was in harmony with
the opinion of the Supreme Court and of
ihe Auorney-Generai of the United States
as well.
The obligations resting upon the rail
roads in addition to the Government lien
amounted to about $55,000 a mile, which,
together wi*.u the causes mentioned by
Powers yesterday, made it impossible for
the railroad companies to earn and pay
tbe interest on their debts, not to speak of
the principle of the obligations amount
ing altogether to about $175,000,0001 The
question was: "What is the Government
going to do with this enormous indebted
ness?"
But two practical propositions pre?»?nted
theruselves, he said. One contemplated
Government ownership and management
of the railroa.is; the other only alterna
tive was settlement with the owners. To
the first ne was unalterabiy opposed, pre
ferring, he said, tuat the whole debt
should be canceled rather than that Con
pr.s- should take the roads.
"All my public life," Patterson said, "I
have been trying to get the Government
to to out of t!:o banking business, and I
must earnestly protest against its going
into the railroad business."
I lin,e, he said, was an important and
* I'ial element in the settlement of the
question. The companies should be ac
corded a period of sufficient length to
enable them to pay the debt; in return
for that concession, the companies in
cluded within their mortgages to the
Government all their property, including
terminals and about 1000 additional miles
■ of roaii. He indorsed fully t;.e provisions of
■ the bill as constituting a just, reasonable
and business-like basis for settlement, in
■ view of the earning capacity of tne cor
porations.
Harrison (D.) of Alabama followed in
opposition to the bill. He believed that
the time had come for Congress to take
action, but couid not support the pending
measure because it was far too favorable to
the companies. The Union Pacific had
made a much more advantageous proposi
tion to the Government than that con
tained in the bill. The corporation, too.
he said, was much more able to comply
with the requirements of the pending bill
than was the Central Pacific, and he could
not understand why they should be put
upon an equality. The average member
cf Congress, he said, could not determine
from any date available to him, intelli
gently, the ability of the roads to satisfy
the demands of ihe bill. Fo»" himself,
however, he believed the companies were
able to do much more and better than the
nmjority of ihe common Pacific railroads
l^ad proposed.
■ The roads, he was convinced, conld com
v»'.y with the terms of the present law and
it was much better for the Government
than the proposed measure. He had pre
pared a substitute lor the bill and would
ask the House to consider it; making the
Secretary of the Treasury, tDe Secretary
of the Interior and the Attorney.General
a committee with power to investigate
and settle the debt of the Pacific railroad
companies, subject to approval by the
President. His reason for transferring the
settlement of the debt was that it was
practically impossible for members of
Congress to thoroughly inform themselves
upon the condition of the corporations.
This was in accordance with the recom
mendation of President Harrison and the
present Commissioner of Railroads ami
his. predecessor. The principal duty de
volving upon Congress now was action of
some kind.
Boatner (D.) of Louisiana, who opposed
the bill, said the house was asked to ac
cept the terms of a settlement dictated by
the railroads themselves and based upon
their alleged poverty, because the Govern
ment had a mortgage security for its debt
upon disjointed portions of a railroad sys
tem.
If section 9 of the Thurman act was not
in contravention of the constitution the
Government did have a substantial lien
upon the entire property of the railroads,
and in the face of this fact a proposition
was advocated here to accept the compa
nies' offer of a settlement on the theory
that the Government was a helpless cred
itor of Insolvent corporations, whose busi
ness bad been so managed as to divert all
their assets beyond the power of recovery.
Boatner reviewed the history of the com
panies to prove his assertions that the
stock of the corporations had been ille
gally issued to the officers and that the
members of these boards were individu
ally liable to the United States for the
value of the stock thus fraudulently and
illegally issued after the ability of the cor
porations to meet the Government debt
had been exhausted. It was the duty of
the law officers of the Government to pro
ceed against these officials and directors,
and any member who voted for this or any
other funding bill simply voted to quit
claim the Government's right to proceed
against the men who had violated the
laws of Congress and to confirm them in
the holding of their illegally gotten
wealth.
Swauson (D. ) of Virginia asserted that
the bill was not half so good an offer lor
the Government as Senator Brice reported
that Alexander E. Orr, chairman of the
Union Pacific Reorganization Committee,
made to Congree two years ago. Then it
was proposed to extend the Government
debt at 2 per cent, the company to retire
present prior obligations and give the
Government a first mortgage. The pres
ent bill, the declaration of the gentleman
from Vermont (Powers) to the contrary
notwithstanding, did not give the Govern
ment a single dollar for additional secu
rity, while it increased the principal of
the Union Pacific debt $21,000,000 and of
the Central Pacific $24,000,000. Swanson
insisted that the railroad companies could
do much better for the Government than
the bill proposed and ought to be made to
do so. Union Pacific stock, subject to an
assessment of $15 a share, was quoted to
day at $9 50 and $10 in the New York
Herald, showing that the stockholders of
tlie company were willing to assume the
payment of the first-mortgage bonds and
the Government debt and put $15 a share
more in the treasury.
McCali (R.) of Massachusetts desired to
bring one thing to the attention of the
House. The reports of the commit:ee on
this bill and of the previous committees
in Congress were based upon the assump
tion that the Supreme Court had decided
that the Government had no lien upon
the terminals of the road, especially upon
the Omaha bridge. This was, in his
opinion, an error. The court had decided
in the Kansas Pacific Railroad case that
the Government was entitled to demand
5 per cent of tho net earnings only of
that portion of the road which had re
ceived from the Government aid iii its
construction ; but in the case of the United
States vs. the Denver Pacific, decided the
same day and by the same Justice, the
Supreme Court held in express terms that
the earnings of the Omaha bridge and
terminals were to be included in making
the calculation, specifically declaring
under the rule in the Kansas Pacific case
that the Government did have a lien upon
tbe Omaha bridge and terminals.
McCall said he was in sympathy with
the proposition that tne debt of the roads
should be refunded, but he believed the
proposition in the bill was not as favorable
to the Government as it should be. The
Government ought not to expect that its
second mortgage would be exchanged for
a first mortgage; but he submitted that
if the gentleman from Vermont would
move to amend his biil by making the
rate of interest on the Government debt 3
per cent instead of 2 he would be doing
justice to the Uniteo. States and no injury
to the companies.
Wheeler (D.) of Alabama spoke against
the biil as not a good business proposition
and was followed by Johnson (R.) of Cali
fornia in a speech for the bill full of bitter
sarcasm, directed against the gentleman
who had charged that the projectors
of the roads had made money out of the
construction of tne enterprises. He drew
a humorous picture of these men, in place
of builders of the road, co ruing to Wash
ington after the work had been compieteii
and turning over to treasury the
money which they had miraculously
made in their proiect.
"Would they have done it?" he asked,
incredulously.
Johnson said the practical question be
fore the House to-day was, How could the
Government get its money ? If tne roads
were forced to a sale, it w.is a demon
stratable fact that the proceeds of the sale
would not pay the first mortgage, let
alone satisfying the Government indebted
ness. The only feasible and practicable
thing to do was to give the companies
time in which to pay their debts. They
were no worse off, Johnson said, than the
Government of the United States or Na
tional banks In whicn some of his col
leagues from California were directors,
and which could not pay their debts if
all their obligations should be presented
at oiice. There was no sense, be said, in
trying to force the debtor to pay a mil
lion dollars when he baa not the money.
The only business-like thing to do was to
give him an opportunity to earn the
money and pay the debt. That was what
this bill proposed, he said, and in addi
tion, it gave to the Government a mort
gage upon that part of the line which
would enable it to reach tne ocean in case
necessity arose for seizure or sale under
the proposed new mortgage.
The State of California, Johnson said,
was reported to be opposed to the bill. If
it was true, great consideration would be
given to the fact, but, lie said, it was not
true. If the members of the House from
that State should vote their honest senti
ments every one of them, with tho excep
tion of Bowers, would vote for the bill.
Buttney were terrorized by the two men
who were responsible for all the alleged
opposition to the measure— Mayor Sutro
and W. R. Hearst of the Examiner, the
latter of whom be madf; the subject of a
remarkable invective attack. He appealed
in closing to the members to dispossess
ihdtir minds of every consideration except
that this was a business proposition, and
that it should be settled iorever so that it
might be taken out of politics and the
railroad companies relieved of the im
portunate demands of blackmailers.
Arnold (R.) of Pennsylvania, a member
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
of the Committee on Pacific Railroads, de
fended the bill, saying it presented but
two questions to the House — a settlement
of the debt or Government ownership of
the railroads— a Populistic proposition
pure and simple. Much of the opposition
to the measure, ho said, came from Cali
fornia. He asked the House to ignore the
fight between the people of that State and
Huntingdon. Let them do as they would.
Congress should vote on and dispose of
this matter on business principles and for
the interest of the whole country.
Cooper (R.) of Wisconsin, who had been
referred to by Johnson as being one of the
critics of the constructors, replied to the
attack upon Hearst by Johnson, repelling
the aspersions cast upon him. He referred
to the fact that Johnson alone of all the
California delegation had championed the
funding bill and had been defeated for re
election by mor • than 5000 votes— the larg
est majority given against a Republican
Congressional candidate in that State for
years. Were the gentleman's constituents
who voted to retire him from public life
all "blackmailed" by the gentleman resid
ing in New York? Cooper referred to the
vast profhs made by the constructors of the
roads— nearly sloo, ooo,ooo— and contemptu
ously dismissed the argument on their be
half based upon the "risk" they took by
the statement that they did not invest a
cent of their own money. The Govern
ment directors of the Union Pacific road
were unanimously in favor of foreclosure
of the mortgages.
Shafroth (Pop.) of Colorado opposed the
bill. It was not based upon good business
principles, he said, which justified a credi
tor in refusing to extend aid to a debtor if
he had not fairly and honestly performed
his part of their joint obligation.
The railroad companies coula not claim
to have thus fairly ana honestly carried
out the requirements of the law under
which they had been operating. As to
the provisions of the bill Shafroth said it
would be cheaper for the Government to
cancel its indeotedness outright than to
enact into law the proposition involved in
them.
In the seven and a half minutes allotted
to him by Hubbard, in charge of the time
against the bill, Parker (R. ) of New Jersey
endeavored to state his objections to the
measure.
The general debate against the bill was
closed by Bell (Pop.) of Colorado.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa, a member of the
Pacific Railroads Committee, made a
closing argument in favor of the bill. Re
ferring to the objections made against the
bill by Hubbard (R.) of Missouri, that bet
ter propositions had been made by the
companies than that contained in the
pending bill, Mr. Hepburn asserted that
either the proposition referred to had not
been authoritatively made or had been
shown to the satisfaction of the committee
to be beyohd the power of the companies
to carry out.
Hepburn contended that the proposition
for the Government to take control of the
roads would be but the entering wedge in
the Populist scheme to bring all the rail
roads of the United States under Govern
ment ownership and control. Referring
to the complaint of the opponents of the
bill that the people of California were
writhing under the burden imposed by
Huntington and his associates in the man
agement of the Pacific Railroad, Hepburn
asked it it were probable or even possible
that the residents of the great City of San
Francisco — the wealthiest City of its siz
in the Union — the charges being true,
would sit supinely down and do nothing
further than complain to Congress.
Powers (R.) of Vermont interrupted to
ask if it were not true that tiio charges for
ireight in California were less than they
were in New England.
Morse (R.) of Massachusetts replied:
"They are, as I know from personal ex
perience, in shipping freights."
In conclusion Hepburn defended the
committee's proposition as the best that
could be secured. It increased, he said,
the securities held by the Government,
despite the authorized mortgages, and in
that belief the committee submitted the
bill to the House for action.
Trie committee then rose and several
executive communications were laid be
fore the Honse.
At 5 o'clock the House, under the rules,
took a recess until 9 p. M.
The evening session of the House cie
voted under the rules to the consideration
of private pension bills was rendered of
no avail to-night by absenteeism.
Upon the usual motion being made to
gr> into committee of the whole Erdman
(D.) of Pennsylvania suggested that by
the order adopted by the house relating to
the Pacific Railroad funding bill, nothing
else could be considered until it had been
disposed of.
He desired to offer an amendment to
that bill, but Thomas (R.) of Michigan
raised the point of order that that could
not be done. The Speaker pro tern.,
Payne (R. ) of New York, sustained the
point of order, from which ruling Erd
man appealed. The decision of the chair
was sustained by a vote of 54 to 1.
Erdman made the point of no quorum
and the rest of the evening was occupied
in proceedings under a call of the House.
The custojnary resolution was passed di
recting the sergcant-at-arros to arrest and
bring to the bar of the House members
absent without leave, and in pursuance
thereof Stallings, Alabama, Woodward,
North Carolina, and K-leburg, Texas, were
brought in.
After they had furnished the requisite
amount of amusement by giving their ex
cuses they were excused.
The return of the sergeant-at-arms upon
the execution of warrants issued to him
for tlie arrest of absent members was, on
motion of Thomas (R.) of Michigan, post
poned uatil after the reading of the
journal on Tuesday next.
This brought out an inquiry from Chick -
ering (R.) oi New York a* to the siatus to
morrow and Monday of members arrested
by the serueant-at-arms, whether or not
they would be permitted to vote upon the
Pacific railroads funding bill.
The Speaker pro tern. — I have no doubt
the Speaker will rule upon that question
when it is raised.
Chickenng — Well, it will be raised.
At 10:30 o'clock the session expired by
limitation under the rules, and the House
stooJ adjourned until to-morrow.
BttlAM IX CHICAGO.
Principal attest at a Big Banquet in
the Tretnont Houne.
CHICAGO. 111., Jan. B.— William J.
Bryan was the guest of the Bryan League
at a big banquet given last night at the
Tremont House in celebration of the an
niversary of Andrew Jackson's birth.
Four hundred Democrats who believe in
the Chicapo platform assembled in the
large dining-hall. With a few exceptions
they were residents of Chicago. Their en
thusiasm when he arose to speak to the
toast, "Andrew Jackson," was unbounded.
Carter H. Harrison introduced Mr.
Bryan. Tne silver apostle made his usual
speech on the financial subject. Other
speakers were: Hon. J. W. Tomlinson of
Alnbama. ex-Postmaster It. H. Rid B eley
of Springfield, 111.. George W. Ambrose of
Omaha and ex-Governor Altgeld.
■ — ♦ ■
There are always 20,000 strangers sight
seeing in London.
GOES AFTER
W.R.HEARST
Congressman Johnson Styles
th 3 Editor a Daring
Blackmailer.
TURNS UPON HIS LYING
ACCUSER.
Declares That the Examiner's
Owner Has Debauched the
State of California.
ONE SPEECH ON BEFUNDING
CREATES A SENSATION.
Compares the Assaults of the De
praved Journalist to ths Yelp
ing of Coyotes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— Daring
debate on the Pacific road refunding bill
in the House of Representatives this after
noon occurred one of the most sensational
episodes ever witnessed in that body.
Grove L. Johnson, in tne course of a speech
in support of the Towers refunding bill,
made a personal attack upon the character
of "William EL Hearst, proprietor of the
San Francisco Examiner and the New
York Journal. Johnson has for a long
time had a grievance against the San Fran
cisco paper on account of criticisms writ
ten editorially and telegrams sent from
Washington. Johnson is said to have
been particulaily incensed because of its
vulgar caricatures.
It has been a matter of gossip in the Cal
ifornia colony lor some time that Johnson
had announced a determination to retal
iate when opportunity offered.
Johnson is relentless and merciless when
once his anger has beon aroused, but his
fierce personal attack upon Hearst to-day
astonished even those who understand
Johnson's tiery and impetuous nature.
Such strong language ha? seldom, if ever,
been uttered before in a legislative body.
The first part of his speech was devoted to
a temperate discussion of the Powers bill.
This lasted twenty minutes, when the
Speaker, with a whack of his gavel, an
nounced that his time had expired. Pow
ers of Vermont said: "i will yield the gen
tleman from California ten minutes
more."
Johnson then resumed a-? follows:
"You have sometimes heard of men
traveling over the plains in early days
who, when they had retired to rest, were
awakened by hearing, as they thought,
the howls and yells of a thousand wild
animals, seeking their lives and the lives
of their families. A man travejjjig across
the plains has frequently waked up, seized
his rifle and paced back and forth all
the night with his finger on the trigger,
ready to defend himself against the as
asult, as it seemed to him, of myriads of
fierce beasts. Then, when the morninc
light nine, he looked around and found
that there were only measly, gaunt coy
otes that had made all the noise. So it
is in California."
Directing his attention to Hearst Mr.
Johnson continued: i: Of this man much
might be said. He has not made a dollar
hinuelf. Wnen he was a young man he
was like the boy in a song. He wanted a
paper just as the boy wanted a bow-wow,
and his indulgent parents bought him the
Examiner and gave it to him. He had
plenty of money. We all were suspicious
at first. We all knew thai 'Our Willie,'
as he was called there, was a bad man at
heart. We knew tnat he was driven out
of eociety because of his low tastes and
depraved manners. We knew that he was
erotic in his desires and erratic in his con
duct. We knew that he was regal in his
dissipation, but we thought he was ho nest.
We knew that hchad to go to the banks of
the Nile in order to recover his health, and
we knew that he rivaled the Khedive in
the luxury of his harem, but we thought
he was honest. [Laughter.]
"We knew he was unfaithful to his
friends. We knew he was unKind to his
employes. We knew h« was corrupt in
bis thoughts, but we thought that he was
honest, and we believed tiiat he was try
ing to build up a pap.-r that should be one
which would help the country and heln
the people, so we indorsed it and followed
it. but we found, alas, that he was not
what we thought. When he assaulted
Huntington and the railroad company so
bitterly we considered him wront' with
his bitterness, but we thought still that
he was honest until it was revealed by the
statement of Mr. Huntington that this
man had been blackmailing the railroad
company out of a thousand dollars a
month for twenty-two months and had
trot mad because they would not pay him
$8000 more.
"When we found out that this man
Hearst was nothing but a miierable, con
temptible, blackmailing highwayman of
the press his paper lost its influence in
the State of California. Every man knows
thai he is a b.ackniailer, but he had the
audacity to defend his stealings by haying
that he thought every one had a right to
bteal from a railroad company. He con
fessed his guilt. He admitted he black
mailed lUe company, and then he showed
himself a perfect definition of a scoundrel,
as given by Tweod, because he would not
stay bought, [laughter.]
"He has intimidated men and he has
intimidated people. You do not know
the terrorism he has exercised in Califor
nia with his paper. Yon know how
it has abused and maiigned and car
icatured people in this House, the hon
ored chairman of our committee and our
honored Speaker. I will not speafc of my
self, because I do not know but what 1
can get reasonably even with this man be
fore I get through with him. [Laughter.]
But he has carried it on for years.
"While we know all these things aboat
him, we believed he was honest because
he said toe was, because he had his news
paper; but he has debauched the public
mind in California by terrorism. He has
terrorized o^er e^ery one. He has issued
his edict that any man who dares to favor
this funding bill shall be itriv n from pub
lic life, shall be ruined in private life and
shall De disgraced before the people and
before God."
JJr. Johnson's speech created a creat
sensation in the House. Never before had
such invectives fallen from the lips of a
Representative in Congress. It was some
little time before the House recovered
from its amazement. Then Mr. Cooper of
Wisconsin, who has opposed the funding
bill, arose and denounced Mr. Johnson's
utterances and "outrageous accusations"
against Mr. Hearst, who was not here to
defend himself as "contemptible and
cowardly." Mr. Cooper's severe denunci
ation of Johnson created almost as much
of a sensation as the latter's abuse of Mr.
Hearst.
CALIFORNIA. COX/OAT AGOG.
Much Speculation as to the Outcome of
Johnson's Speech.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— The
California colony in Washington is all
agog to-night over Johnson's castigation
of Hearst. The language used was so
harsh and unparliamentary it was
expected that a motion would be
made to expunge his remarks from the
records, but no such motion was made.
Therefore the terrible accusations against
Hearst will be printed in the 'Congres
sional Record which comes out to-mor
row, unless Johnson chooses to "revise"
his remarks.
It is the custom for the public printer to
send proof sheets to the Congressman,
after his speech has been put in type, so
that he may make typographical and ver
bal corrections, but many Congressmen
take advantage of this privilege and often
eliminate whole sentences, paragraphs
and even pages of their remarks, or add to
their speech, just as they may choose. So
it is barely possible that Johnson will re
gret his intemperate language and elimi
nate it from his remarks in the Record.
The Call correspondent asked Loud,
chairman of Post Offices and Post Roads
Committee, to-day if the Congressional
Record containing Johnson's remarks
might be debarred from the mails as be
ing obscene. "I hardly think; so," said
he. "For it is no worse than many patent
medicine ad\tertisements with which daily
papers are filled. I hope, however, that
Johnson will eliminate his unkind re
marks from the Record."
Loud and others of the California dele
gation deeply deplored the episode of
to-day. It is rumored to-night that John
eon may be brought before the bar of the
House to-morrow to be censured lor his
unparliamentary speech of to-day.
WILL HUH I TUJB SILL.
Johnson's Speech May Cause the Reterse
of nhnt H» Intended.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B.— lt is the
opinion of Senator White, Judge Maguire
and almost all of the Californians in
Washington to-night that the Powers re
funding bill is defeated and that the
speech of Johnson to-day was very effective
in bringing about the result.
It is said that many members condemn
Johnson for his utterances to-day. John
son is full of fight, however, and claims
that the funding bill will pass the House
by a majority of 49 votes.
Both Jud«e Maguire and Senator White
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that in their opinion the chances were the
bill would be defeated. Is is now claimed
that /Dalzell of Pennsylvania, one of the
leaders of the House, has been converted
and will oppose the bill.
I; is even reported that Speaker Reed
himself will vote against it. To-morrow
theie will be debate under the five-minute
rule, when amendments will be offered.
Judge Maguire will speak to-morrow.
Representative Bell of Texas, one of the
best-posted men on the bill in the House,
said to-day:
"Some time ago I thought the bill
would go through the House easily, but
sentiment is changing. If the bill passes
now it will De by a small majority. Many
members tell me that it will be defeated."
Representative Waiker(R.) of Virginia
said the impression he gathered was that
the bill would be defeated in the House.
"I think the bill will be defeated," said
Representative Swanson oi Virginia, "and
it ought to be beaten."
A similar opinion was expressed by
Representative Hendricks of Kentucky
and many others. Representatives Blue
and Loey, leadinc Republicans of the
House, said the bill would be beaten.
Representative Broderick of Kansas was
almost positive that the bill will be
defeated.
Representative .Dewitt said the bill
would be defeated. The opinion is ex
pressed by influential men that three out
of five members of the House will vots
against the bill.
AN AMERICAN ON TRIAL
Louis Someiilcn Arraigned Before a
Spanish Court at Havana on a
Charge of Conspiracy.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. B.— The trial of
Louis Someiilan, an American, on the
charge of conspiring against the Spanish
Government, began at 1 o'clock this after
noon. There was a larse attendance of
spectators. Consul-General Lee, who
recently said he thought the evidence
against the accused was very feeble, was
present.
After the usual preliminaries, the
charges were read, alleging that Someiilan
was an agent of the Cuban Junta and was
in league with others to overthrow the
Spanish authority in Cuba. As in the
case of Julio Sanguilly, recently convicted
of conspiracy, tne defense protested
against the formation of the tribunal,
arguing that the accused should be tried
by sis judges, according to the law of
1821, instead of rive, the number com
posing the court. The objection was over
ruled.
Then followed the reading of the evi
dence obtained at the preliminary pro
ceedings, from which it appeared that
SomeilJan received a code message from
Key West which the prosecution claimed
referred to the landing of a filibustering
expedition. The telegram, which was
read, was as follows:
Tell Alfredo to advise Jose Maria Matilde
Marriage Thursday. Advise if will be present.
The inference that this was a cipher
message was borne out by the fact that in
structions were found on the prisoner
when be was arrested.
Someillan was placed on the witness
stand and stated tliatthe telecram was in
tended for his cousin, to whom it was de
livered. He declared he never mixed in
politics and was not connected with the
rebels.
The other evidence was weak. The wit.
nesses testified to nothing to support the
charge against the prisoner. The court
adjourned until to-morrow when further
evidence will be heard.
WEYZEJt COMI'LIMEATED.
Ilia Conduct of the Campaign" Praised
by a J)tlrfiation.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. B.— A' deleeation
waited upon Captain-General Weyler: to
day to compliment him upon his conduct
of the campaign against the insurgents.
In .replying to the delegation ' General
Weyler said he ignored the 'attacks made
upon him by ,- certain \ newspapers in Ma
drid. The attack's were due >to unjusti
liable impatience.';.. He was satisfied that
the campaign in the province of Plnar del
Kio had J given better results than were
expected, not only Jin the triumphs
of the troops over the rebels, but also in
the small losses by the army. He hoped
that Gomez, the rebel leader, would come
to the province of Havana. Should be do
so he would surely meet hi 3 end.
General Weyler further said he at
tached no importance to the rumors that
he was to be deprived of his command. If
he were recalled others would do as well if
not better than he had done.
In conclusion General Weyler recom
mended patience and prudence, and urged
that all those loyal to Spain should do
their best to support her. With union, he
declared, the desired results would be at
tained.
A COLORED DUNHAM.
Murders a Whole Family, Shoots at Every
One He Meets on the Road and
Makes His Escape.
SUMTER. S. C. Jan. B.— All Sumter
was aroused yesterday over a report
from Lyncnburg that Simon Cooper, a
negro, had killed Benjamin Wilson, his
fon Wesley and Mrs. Wesley Wilson.
The first information of the tragedy was
received about 9 o'clock, and shortly after
ward Sheriff Pierson received a telegram
confirming the report, adding, further,
that Cooper had also killed two negroes —
a man and a girl.
The Sheriff as soon as possible organized
a posse and chartering a special train left
for Lynchburg. Ween the special reached
Maysviile it became known that Cooper
had been seen to pass near the town a
short time before, so a part of the posse
left for St. Charles and the other took the
public road, coming toward Sumter.
These two parties, in conjunction witn
posses from Maysville, are scouring every
loot of the land between MaysvlUe and
Sumter. The facts in regard to the kill
ing are as follows:
Cooper went to Lynchburg last evening
for the purpose of forcing a young colored
girl to marry him. The girl nnd her
mother ran into the swamp.
Then a posse wa3 organized and sent in
pursuit of Cooper. The posse came within
200 yards ot him at one time, when he
shot and retreated. Cooper forced some
negroes to go with him and kept them
with him all night. He came out of the
woods about daylight and went to the
house of a colored man named Boyle, took
his horse and compelled Boyle's son to
accompany him. From there he went to
the house of ttie Wilsons, about a mile
distant, where the crime was committed.
A Mr. Baker, who lives near by, says ne
heard considerable shooting, and saw Mrs.
Wilson go to the buggy-house witn Cooper
to get the harness and then go back into
the house. Cooper following her. Cooper
a short time afterward came out on the
piazza, shooting in every direction, and
fore d Boyle's boy to harness the horse
to Mr. Wilson's buggy. He got in the
bui-gy and only went a few yards when he
met a colored man named Smith. He
klled him, and, as he passed Baker's
house, shot the latter's children, who were
on the piazza.
When the bodies of the Wilsons were
found this morning the old gentleman, 75
years old, was sitting up in the bed with a
shotgun in his hand, nis son V\ esley was
In another Ded with nis head split, while
on the floor lay the boily of the woman,
her head smashed in and throat cut.
Smith, the negro who was killed on the
road, was found with an ax still in the back
of his neck and his head half severed from
the body.
CONFESSES THE ARBUCKLE MURDER
Strange Story of a Prisoner Confined in
the County Jail at Louisville,
Ky., for Forgery.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. B.— Frederick
Bauman, alias Wilson, confined in the
County Jail on the charge of forgery and
obtaining money under false pretenses,
claims to have been one of the murderers
of Frank P. Arbuckle of Denver, in No
vember, 189 G. Bauman says that his
father is G. Edward liauman, a banker at
Dearborn and Monroe streets, Chicago.
Bauman ?aid to a reporter to-day :
People have been wondering who killed
Arbuckie in New York. I had a hand in that
affair, and I do not hesitate to say bo. My
partner in crime was Dave Edmunds an. actor,
who is now in Evinston, North Chicago. We
met Arbuckie in Sullivan's saloon, m Harlem.
We saw Him flash his roll; and when he left,
E Imunds aud myself concluded we would
follow him and get his money. We had been
Knocking about New YorK for two weeks and
we were compietclv stranded. It was a. Hand
to mouth living with us, at best.
Sullivan's saloon is in Third avenue. We
followed Arbuckie to Eighth avenue, where he
stood waiting for a car. We ponnced upon
him. Edmunds used a small slunp-shot anal
cracked him over the head with the outtend
of a revolver. We took his money, i? 325, a
diamond ring and a gold watch. The watch
is now nawned in a shop on Park row, near the
World builuing.
Edmunds and myself left New York by dif
ferent trains and met in Chicaco. From there
I went to Kansas City, wbe-e I was arrested,
charged with being implicated in the Chicago
and Alton Blue Cut train robbery. They
could prove nothing ugaiust me and I was re
leased. Then I startcu to this city, stopping a
day in St. Louis.
The police discredit Bauman's story and
say he is either crazy or shamming.
Ratiman Vnknoton in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. B.— Nothing is
known here of Frederick Bauman, alias
Wilson, who conlessed at Louisville to
day to the murder of Frnnk Arbickle in
New York. Tne name of Edward Bauman,
who, the prisoner claims, is his father and
is a banker in this city, does not appear
either in the banking or cit}' directories.
Neither Bauman nor Edmunds is
known in the theatrical proiession. The
four corners at Monroe and Dearborn are
occupied by the First National Bank, the
Chicago National Bank, the Corn Ex
change National and Commercial Na
tional banks, but Bauman is not known in
their directories.
THE ST.H IS Diy-iER.
White Route Dining- Room - Ttcaulified
With Light, flowers and Plants. ,'
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. B— The
President and Mrs. Cleveland gave their
first state dinner of the social season at
the executive mansion last night. . ■'■■
The state dining-room was flooded with
electric light, which set off the floral dec
orations and potted plants, ferns and
palms to great advantage. The guests
were received in the grand reception
room. . ■
At 8 o'clock the President gave his arm
to Mrs. Stevenson, the Vice- President to
Mrs. Cleveland, the Cabinet following in
order of rank, and the procession filed in
to dinner. The guests present were:
Vice-President und Mrs. Stevenson,
Secretary of State and Mrs. Olney, Secre
tary of the Treasuary and Mrs. Carlisle,
Secretary of War and 'Mrs. Lamont, At
torney-General and Mrs. Harmon, Post
master-General and Mrs. Wilson, Secre
tary of the Navy and Miss Herbert, Sec
retary of the Interior and Mis. Francis,
Secretary of Agriculture and Miss Morton,
Speaker of tbe Hou3e and Mrs. Reed.
Senator and Mrs. Vila% Senator Hale,
Representative George P. Harrison and
Mr*. Harrison, Hon. Charles S. Fairchild
and Mrs. Fairchild, Hon. Wilson S. Bis
seli and Mrs. Bissell, Hon. Hoke Smith,
Mr?. Don M. Dickinson, President Patton
of Princeton University, Miss Alice Lee,
Mrs. Perrine.
Governor Holcomb Inaugurated,
LINCOLN, Nebe., Jan. B— The formal
inauguration of Governor Holcomb was
simple and without ceremony. Accom
panied by the other State officers the
Governor took the oath of oflk-e in the
Supreme Court Chamber and then pro
ceeded to Kerresentive Hall, where a large
crowd in waiting tendered congratula
tions. To-night Governor and Mrs. Hol
comb gave a reception at the capitol
building.
PREFERRED TIME
TO THE LECTURE
Lady Selina Scott Grew
Tired of the Judge's
Comment.
''For Gocdness Sake Let Me
Have My Sentence, I Am
Only a Woman."
After This Intermplioa the Judge
S?ntenced Earl Russell's Libelers
to Eight Months.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. B.— TbeOld Bailey
courtroom was crowded this morning,
when Lady Selina Scott, John Cockerton
and William Aylott, who yesterday
pleaded guilty to having criminally libeled
Earl Russell, Lady Scott's son in-law,
were brought up for sentence.
Lady Scott, in reply«to the usual ques
tions by the court as to what she had to
say why sentence should not be pro
nounced upon her, said that she was per
fectly willing to accept any punishment
that his lordship the Judge might see fit
to inflict. All that she had done, she
said, was in defense of her darling daugh
ter, and ehe would gladly suffer anything
for her sake.
The Judge then addressed the prisoners,
speaking for half an hour. He was re
peatedly interrupted by Lady Scott, who
finally became exasperated at the lectur
ing of the court and exclaimed, "For good
ness sake, let me have my sentence. lam
only a woman."
The Judge then pronounced sentence
upon the prisoners, condemning each of
them to eight months' imprisonment
without bard iabor.
Lady Scott, on account of her delicate
health, was treated as a iirst- class misde
meanant, but Cockerton and Aylott will
be treated as ordinary prisoners.
As Lady Scott was leaving the prisoners'
dock after the Judge had sentenced her
she turned and said, "Every word I ut
tered against my daughter's husband is
true."
Claims for J>amagea in Order.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. .—A Bpecial
dispatch to the Herald from Havana says :
The Diario de la Marina says that the
Three Friends' last expedition shows
the bad faith in the United States, in
asmuch as she was allowed to sail after
Minister de Lome protested again&t her
being set free. The paper believes there
wiil soon be an entente cordiale and a
commercial agreement between Spain and
the United States, and then, it says,
claims for damages on both sides will be
in order.
Ship Ulriett Anhore on the frith Coatt.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. B.— The British
ship Ulrica, Captain Johnston, which ar
rived at Queenstown January 4 from San
Francisco and sailed later for Belfast, is
ashore on Copeland Island, northeast
coast of Ireland. The crew were saved.
In France when a railway train is more
than ten minutes late the company is
fined.
The Doctor's
Examination
Jfer «■>[*
¥ •&''■' '
•• nficj Sfir \ i A
jgtft/^ I hill IBrA \ rf*
WHEN DID YOU FIRST BEGIN TO
feel badly?
Three months ago, doctor.
Your skin has been thus dry and yellow?
Yes, doctor.
Your eyes look dull and yellow; also the
white of the eye is yellow.
Yes, doctor.
How is your appetite?
Not very good, doctor.
Do you feel drowsy and stupid all the
time? . '
Yes, doctor.
• Do you sleep well and is your sleep re-
freshing?. . "...
; . " . J No, doctor.
■ Let me see your tongue. Yes, it is badly
coated. How long has it been thus?
Two weeks, doctor.
Your breath is certainly offensive.
Have you noted this before?
; . .--;.' ; : Yes, doctor.
Jaundice is the result of an inactive
liver. Your liver baa become clogged up.
The bile is reabsorbed by the different
tissues of the body. That is why your
skin and the white of your eye is so yel-
low. Your liver is very inactive. You
must have a liver stimulant. A mild
remedy taken i regularly will relieve you
permanently. I will write a prescription:.
• B. :
: JOY'S VEGETABLE :
r SARSAPARiLLA :
: , (one bottle) :
: M. Si ? . • - : - - • :
. : - Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times a :
: day. When bowels are regular take :
: one teaspoonful: x :
Don't let the druggist talk .you into
buying anything' in place -of our Homo
Remedy— Joy's .Vegetable Sar^aparilia.
DR.Ii]iJLTY:
THISWKrXKNOWX AND RKLTABLE OT,t>
L Specialist nor* PrivatP,Nervous,Bloo<l and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. ; Send for Book, free. Patient* '
cured at Home. r . Terms reasonable. :< Hours, 9 to 3
daily; 6:3o toB.:»ev'irs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul
• tion free and sacredly confidential. : Call or address
P. : ROSCOE McKITI^TY, M. D., v '
20.'-j Kcamj Street, Man Francisco, C«I.
34
WATTERSON AT A
JACKSON DINNER
Honors Old Hickory's Mem
ory in a Character
istic Speech.
Scores the Bryan Democracy and
Rejoices Over McKinley's
Success.
Letters Frcm President Cleveland, Sec*
retary Morton, Senator Palmer and
Other Gold Democrats.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. B.— Choosing the
anniversary of ''Old Hickory's" victory at
New Orleans, representative members ol
the National Democratic party from the
ten Middle and Western States who
fought for principle and the gold standard
under the banner of Palmer and Buckner
assembled, 350 strong, to-night in the ban
quet hall of the Auditorium Hotel to cele
brate alike the birthday of Andrew Jack
son, the victory over Bryan and free silver
and renew pledges of adherence to the In
dianapolis platform.
The occasion wa9 made notable by the
presence of the party's nominee for Vice-
President, General Simon B. Buckner of
Kentucky, Hon. Charles S. Hamlin of
Massachusetts, Assistant Secretary of the
Tieasury, and Henry Watterson. The
banqueters were also honored by having
read to them letters from the President of
the United States, from his Secretary of
Agriculture, Hon. J. Sterling Morton,
and from the standard-bearer of the party
in the roc«nt campaign, United States
Senator J jhn M. Palmer, and telegrams
from Secretaries Wilsoii and Francis and
others prominent in the party.
The letter which President Cleveland
wrote to Franklin MacVeaga of Chicago,
toastmaster of the Jacfcson'.an feast, in
lieu of his presence, was 83 follows:
Executive Mansion, j
Wabhington, D. C, January 4, 1897.)
Franklin MacVcagh, Etq,, chairman, etc.,
Chicago— My Dear MR: 1 regret that official
duties prevent my acceptance of the invitation
I have received on behuif oi the .National
Democrats of the Middle Slates to attend their
Jackson day banquet on the Bih inst. When
pHssion and prejudice threaiened to obscure the
meaning o. true Democracy and pervert Its
patriotic purposes, a reunion of those who are
Democrats for the sake of principle and the
good of their country cannot fail to be in
spiring and useful.
On an occasion when the character and
acuievements oi Andrew Jackson ure com
memorated the old landmarks of Democratic
faith should oe distinctly pointed oui. At
such a time it should be impressively taught
that Democracy is not disorder; that its re
gard for popular rights does not mean the
care of only a portion of our people; that its
loyalty to trie constitution and law does not
moan a petulant challenge of the duty oi civic
obedience; that its aggressiveness does not
mean class hatred and sectioaal vituperation,
and that its success should never mean mere
partisan triumph at tiie sacrifice of principle
and patriotism. Yours very truly.
G rover Cleveland.
Senator Palmer intended to he present
in person, but his illness in Springheld
made his presence impossible. Instead
the general sent the following letter:
It seems to me eminently proper that the
National Democracy of the Middle Sta;es, as
enumerated by you, should in some way em
phasize their adherence to the principles of
the Indianapoiis platform and their loyalty to
true Democracy. I am gratified to lind that
it. is not the purpose 01 the banquet to antago
nize cur former friend*, but merely to empha
size our position, for it must be that the Dem
ocrat-of the several Stales who under a mis
taken sense oi duty accepted and supported
the Chicago platform and candidacy of Mr.
Bryan will at no distant day discover that
neither the platform nur ihe candidate ex
pressed or represented Democratic principles
and will unite with us in the support of the
recognition of the Indianapolis platform a.s a
true, precise and accurate definition of the
principles of the great historic Democratic
party, and that the convention and its plat
lorm was a proDer and patriotic protest against
the conspiracy" organized at Chicago ana per
fected at tt. Louis to commit the Democratic
party not only to Populism, with all Its unde
fined meanings, but to the service of a mere
fcilver propsrty interest, which is as arrogant
and grasping hs any other which ever existed
in the United Slates.
The following telecrams from members
of the Cabinet were read:
Washington, D. C, Jan. 8.
To the Democratic party is still committed
the delense of Uie principle of free govern
ment. We must fight not only the battle for
sound finance, but a never-ending struggle
for an equal system of taxation.
W. L. Wilson.
Washington, D. C, Jan. 8.
Official duties will not permit me to accept
the invitation co attend the Jackson day ban
quet. I trust the occasion may prove prolific
of mucn good to the interests of true Democ
racy, as advocated and exemplified by that
noble patriot whose victories we celebrate to
night. David r. Feancis.
Telegrams were also received from iien
T. Cable of Illinois and C. Vey Holman of
Maine, who was chairman of the National
Democratic party literary bureau during
the last campaign.
When Toastmaster MacVeagh men
tioned President Cleveland in words of
praise every man arose, cheered, waved
napkins and applauded to expre.-s his
admiration of the man and sympathy
with the sentiments of the speaker. There
was a milder demonstration when Senator
Palmer's letter was read, and hearty ap
plause followed the reading of Secretary
Morton's letter, which was as follows:
Never before in the history of the Republic
has the duty of making fearless and honest
declarations in behalt of honest econo
mics, honest currency and an honest ad
ministration of municipal, State and
National affairs been so imperative
upon good citizenship. Never before have
there been sucli grave and weighty reasons
for repressing partisanisci and exalting pat
riotism. Tne recent campaign — notwithstand
ing It gave us glimpses 01 possible disruption
of this iorm of government — also gave the
world a view of hundreds of thousands of
non-partisans who placed the credit, prosper
ity and glory of the Republic far above the
success of merely alleged reeularity of politi
cal organization. Tnese independent votes
sacrificed noi a single partie:e of principle,
but between a protective tariff on one side
and the certainty of a debased currency on
the; other they chose to to.erute what they
believed to be the least of two evils.
Had consistency cast all ba.lots It would
have forced all Democrats to maintain the
anti-protective gold standard and compelled
Republicans to nave declared for the free coin
age protection of silver at lt> to 1.
The primary questions asking serious atten
tion are: Is it the fixed legal ratio enacted
between the coins which governs the relative
value of the metais in bnliion, or is it the rela
tive value of the metals in bullion which gov
ern relative value <>f the coins. And In view
of the recent excursion of Senator Wolcolt,
allegedly on an international monetary ques
tion, the question comes naturally utter tne
foregoing.
If a single separate nation cannot maintain
a fixed legal ratio between the metals when
coining in unlimited quantities, how can an
international agreement among a number ot
nations maintain a fixed ratio between the
metals.?
The real object of the Wolcott invasion of
European finances may possibly be for the
purpose of holding withiu his party a number
ol voters who have been promised Wolcott
silverism with protection by international
agreement, instead of Teller silverism on a
lone-hand basis and without regard to any
other nation, and now impatiently await the
fulfillment. These deluded disciples await the
miracle of an international conference with
power to declare and miintain the proposi
tion that sixteen ounces of silver in coin .-.hall
equal one onnce of gold in coin, notwithstand
ing the lact that it takes thirty ounces of sil
ver in bullion to buy one ounce of gold In
bullion.
■bimetallism has been printed ia the 6 tat vie
books of many nations and in not one has it
been effective.
The atiempt to establish bimetallism has
been made and abandoned by eyery Govern
ment in Europe. It is wisdom, it seems to me,
for tne honest-money Democrats of the United
States to follow the teachings of great philoso
phers, thinkers and statesmen, together with
the lessons drawn from five centuries of expe
riences, rather than to be guided by the rav
ings ana delusions of those extemporaneous
financiers aud anarchists of all parties who
are attempting to lower the standard of
value in the United States.
Hon. Henry Watterson was given a flat
tering reception when he arose to speak to
the sentiment, "The Future ol Democ
racy." He said:
If Old Hickory were alive ani could look in
upon us at this moment I have an impression
that he womd conclude that the Democracy
of which he was the embodiment is not only
not dead, nor sleeping, but 'hat it lives and
moves aud has its being and is scheduled to
stay.
Let us assume that he is here; that his spirit
hovers over us, and likewise the spirits of all
the Democratic snges, from Jefferson and Til
den to that bravest of the brave, that incom
parable cavalier of the Old Bay State, who
gave up his young life that Democracy mi?ht
live, on the very threshold of the last battle
for honor, country and truth. During one
nigh', at least, let us consecrate this noble
theater as a temple of Democracy— of Deuaoc-,
racy uuterrified and nndefiled— the only Kind
of Democracy which Jefferson taught and Jack
son practiced.
It wus said during the political campaign
which closed on the 3d of last November that
what we call American institutions were on
trial; and in a sense it may be said that what
we call government is, more or leßs, also on
trial.
Estimated by the vote of the people ol the
United Sta;es in the late Presidential election
the country was divided by two extremes,
ranged in opposite camps and engaged in a
death struggle. But figures do not always tell
the truth, at least the whole truth. Millions
of patriotic men votad for McKinley who are
not protectionists, and millions ot patriotic
men voted for Bryan who had no thought of
strikinc at the public order, or of repudiating
a dollar either of public or private indebted
ness.
The country was assailed by two dangers,
the greater and more imminent for the mo
ment overshaaowing the lesser. The voters
had to choose betweeu Republicanism, which
they had tried and survived, and a combina
tion of factions, with its positive meuace to
the public order aud credit and its unknown
quantities ot evil. They wisely cho6e to post
pone the day of execution.
Gentlemen, no party can stand, or ought to
stand, which so much as seems -to set itself
against the integrity of the American Union.
Tuat, with the last forty years of American
history before its eyes, any section ol the
Democratic party could have thought that
success lay anywhere near the lino of equivo
cation on that point will amaze the historian
of these times. Of all parties the Democratic
party could least afford to equivocate. Nor
did it need to. The essential principle of its
being— the greatest good to the greatest num
ber—was on the eve of fulfillment when the
reactionary elements of the party— the very
men over whose protests, in spite of whose
opposition, all this progress had been made —
got possession of the party machinery, and by
methods which you very well remember pro
ceeded to set the clock back twenty-five years
aud to reverse the movement of the wheels of
timo.
Sir, there was nothing left for you and me to
do except to fall back upon the line oi Demo
cratic truth and entrench ourselves, and this
we did. As lar as I am concerned— and no
man's Democracy cau go back of mine, though
I got it of Jefferson and Jackson aud not of
Tillinan and Altgeld— whenever good morals
against bud morals, good money against bad
money, Goverumeut r.gainst tne mob are the
issues I s.mll go with that parly which stands
true to the public credit and order, no matter
where it takes me. But, following this law of
my teiiiK In the campaign just ended, I sur
rendered none of my original individual opin
ions. To my mind, one issue absolutely ab
sorbed all other issues. The public credit
was at stake, and with it the public order.
The deteai of Mr. Bryan and the election of
Mr. UcKinley for ttie time beiue secures us
both. How sha.l we make them secure for all
time? That is the question, and on that point
I shall speak wttu deference to the opinions of
others, though I have opinions of my own.
Mr. Chairman, we are about to close a hun
dred years of party warfare in tne Uniied
t-tates. In lriOO we were a lew millions of peo
ple and we ioved liberty. In 1897 we are 80,
--000,000 of people and we love money. In 1800
the is->ue lay betweeu the old order of English
men, who had signed the Declaration of Inde
pendence, led the continental armies and
framed the constitution and the new onier of j
Americans, who susp..cted every conservative
of be:ng a monarchist and were in turn de
nounced by every conservative as a rabble
plotting for the success of the French revolu
tion.
In 1900, unless we can order otherwise, the |
issue will be between the forces of organized j
capital and the forces of organizing anarchy. \
The tusk which Jetterson set himself was the
unification of liberty and order. The task be
fore us is the reconciliation of capital aud
labor, which are, and of right ought to be, con
vertible terms.
Can we effect this reconciliation ? I think
we can, but not by the agency of rampant
partyism, binding good men to the truth, ar
raying class against class, section against sec
tion, keepin" the people ana the country in a
state oi agitation year in and year out, with
the danger of a revolution at the end of every
lour years, if that be the fate ahead of us,
God help free institutions, because if it be it
is only a question of time wnen one of the two
extremes, drunk with power or reckless ol
consequences, will find itself able to repeat the
grim story of the ages, losing in a decade of
passion and folly the accretions of a century
of wisdom and virtue.
I use the terms "organized capital" and
"organizing anarchy" with advisement and
in perfect good faith. Tney represent not
merely the forces oack of the present array of
forces, but the changes wrought by a century
of National development. In the late cam
paign the Chicago platform stood for "organ
izing anarchy" and the Republican platform
for "organized capital."
On tnis latter platform can the vote that
elected Mr. McKimey be hold together? If I
thought so 1 would not be here to-night. Ido
uot think so. On the contrary, 1 think that
the vote will go to pieces if it be not cemented
by something more cohesive than the protec
tive theory of tariff legislation and ii Repub
lican financial policy, which, to say the best
that can be said of it, is yet but a specter
bridegroom at the marriage feast.
The Government of the United States has no
right, constitutional or equitable, to levy aud
collect a dollar of taxation except for its own
support; and whenever the Republican party
goes to the country ou the negation of this
proposition, and on that alone, it will go to
certain disaster.
It the rich manufacturer can go to Con
gress and demand legislation in the interest of
his business, no can the poor agriculturist;
so can the poor mechanic; and it is here
where the evils of anarchism took their start
and have their fortincatiou. Justice to all is
the only common ground for patriotic Ameri
cans to stand on — the only possible ground at
one; high enough and broad enough to draw
from each of the two extremes votes enough
to compel both to behave themselves.
For these votes 1 do not look to the leaders
of either extreme. They have a common per
sonal interest; they are joined to their flesh
pots. But back of them are twelve millions of
patriotic Americans who love their country,
who want to do right and who will not
willingly see free institutions— involved in
the m«):iey of the people a>:d the integrity of
the Government— wrecked by v body cf place
seekers and place-holders, using every device,
appealing to every passion that <-eems to
promise to get or to keep them in office.
To such oi those 12,000,000 of honest Amer
icans as may be directly interested In pro
tected industries or have grown up under the
teaching and influence oi protectionist ideas
I wouid apptal with all my soul and with all
my strength to unlearn the fallacy that has
misled them aud to revise their position be
fore it be too late. Mr. clay never dreamed of
protection except as a temporary expedient to
foster our intant industries. Nobody, down to
this present political epoch, ever thought of
heralding protection as a fixed tenet of party
faith. It wus always regarded as a simple
question of policy, to be regulated according
to the public need, until the Republican lead
ers, being out ot sectional aud sentimental
soap and in sore straits for an issue, elevated
it into a gospel aud began to preach it us a
doctrine.
It is at war with the genius of American in
stitutions, another assault upon the intelli
gence ana capabilities of American manhood;
a perpetual object lesson to every agrarian,
anarchist and Populist in the land. liehold
what is now going on in the Ways and Means
Committee room at Washington, and answer
me whether it does not serve as a warrant ior
all crankism has dunned and may claim.
Tell me how many Presidential campaigns
like the last — such a scandal in self-i merest,
such a travesty of free institutions can sur
vive? If the devotees of the divine right and
prescriptive prerogative in France had lifted
the wurning volte of reason in time there
would have been no Reign oi Terror. If the
slave-holders of the South had not clung so
tenaciously lor imagined rights in the Terri
tories that had already slipped away from
them we should have been spared the war of
sece>siou.
Quite as much the divine right of kings,
quite as much as the ripht of ownership in
man, is taxation for private purposes a pre
scriptive claim, no matter by what name it be
designated; and no such claim can long stand
out against the obvious fend, of -the public
thought and movement in the United States.
Mr. Lincoln once said, and said truly: "If
slavery be not wrong, nothing is wrong." Let
me paraphrase his words and "say : "If taxing
the whole people to pay tribute to a part of
the people be not wrong, nothing is wrong." ■■-.'
It is lor the beneficiaries of the untenable,
ever-exposed system to bee what the nobles of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
the ancient regime in France, what the pa-'
tricians of the modern South, refused to see—
its insufficiency and shortcoming— and to set
about having it mended by statesmen before it
is demolished by the mob.
With a simple revenue tariff. opDress ing no
class, but operating exclusively for public
purposes, and frith our financial system set
tled upon a gold basis, affording the u-e of so
much silver as the business of the country
may asslmila'e— the only possible bimetallic
theory which can be carried into practical
effect— we shall have the economic stability
which of all things else the business of the
country mast requires and an end: of quack
doctors masquerading as statesmen and quack
nostrums labeled patriotism.
This is Saint Jackson's day, and with rev
erent hearts we are here to celebrate it. > He
was a Democrat. We are Democrats. He was
for honest money. We are for honest money.
He stood by the integrity of the Nation. We
stand by the integrity of the Nation. He be
lieved in the people of this great land
and trusted to the fidelity of his convictions.
We believe in the people and' trust to the
fidelity of our convictions. When ' treason
reared its head in the form of nullification lie
struck it a withering blow. When treason in
the form of anarchy reared its head, we struck
it a withering blow. And so, again and again,
shall we strike it, whenever and wherever it
appears, until we have wiped demagogues and
demagogism from the face of the earth, and
brought our Government back to its original
functions — the just protection of property and
life, and the equalization ot all men and all
classes in the pursuit of prosperity and happi
ness.
The United States Treasury Department
was represented by Hon. Charles A. Ham
lip, Assistant Secretary,' who was intrusted
with the response to the toast "Our Na
tional Administration." Touching on the
life of Andrew Jackson Mr. Hamlin said:
His life was marked by a fearless determina
tion to do what he conceived to be his duty.
However much we may differ from him as to
the propriety or expedience of individual acts,
we must all concede to him rigid honesty of
purpose and high integrity of character. In
honoring him let us aiao fender honor to the
illustrious statesmen who in the present, as
was Jackson in the past, are leaders of our
political faith.
Mr. Hamlin quoted resident Jackson
to show that his refusal to recognize the
independence of Texas in 1836 was a
parallel to the attitude of President Cleve
land toward the Cuban revolt.
Hon. Washington Irving Babb, the dis
tinguished lowan, spoke for that State.
In the absence of Dan W. Lauter of St.
Paul and leader of .the National Demo
cratic forces in Minnesota, his address
was read by Secretary Jacob Hopkins.
T. J. Mahoney was chosen to speak for
Nebraska.
J. McD. Trimble of Kansas City re
sponded for Missouri in a two-minute
speech.
The health of General Buckner was
drunk before he was called on to speak of
the National Democracy of Kentucky. He
said:
We have saved the Hie of the Democracy in
this country. The platiorm at Chicago was
not Democratic. In Kentucky we all claim to
know something about horses whetucr we do
or not. A man who was listening to me was a
loot soldier in the war. and he knows, some
thing about horses. When he read the Chi
cago platform he said, "That is not Democ
racy. If I send my agent to the market to buy
a horse, and he sends mo back a jackass I am
not bound to take that jackass."
Referring to Mr. Bryan's membership in
the Presbyterian Church, which he said
was a peculiar sect, General Buckner told
a story about meeting a friend in Ken
tucky. He asked the man to what church
he belonged. The man replied "Presby
terian." "What faith do you profess?"
asked the general. His mend replied,
"Well, the chief tenet of our faith is that
the great majority of the human race is
destined to be damned, and we are damned
glad of it."
Continuing the general said:
What have we accomplished as a party? If
we h*ve done nothing else we have protested
against the incitements to riot; against the
incitement of hatred ot one class of people
against another. We have run the plowshare
over the louudation of anarchy and fiat
money. We have protested against the un-
Democratic declarations in the Chicago plat
form.
We have shown the world there is such a
thing as National honor. We have saved and |
protected. We have arraigned the Republican
party for its advocacy of protection; for its
teachings of Government paternalism. We
will not follow Populism. We will make no
compromise with dishonor. We are ready to
| affiliate with any party which desires the
preservation of the National honor, but Dot
with any party which 1 is opposed to the inter
; ests of tno people. Kentucky will stand shoul
der to shoimler in the future and tight against
Populism and against .Republicanism.
The speech of Hon. John P. Irish of
California to the toast, "The Presidency,"
elicited much laughter and applause, He
referred to the Middle States represented
as "The tea Mediterranean States of the
Republic," and sarcastically snake of the
silver Democrats celebrating Jackson day
in this city on the day before the anniver
sary of the battle of New Orleans. "They
say we are few in numbers," he exclaimed.
"That may be true, but we have not found
it necessary to recruit our ranks from
Joliet." %
This sally was taken to be directed
against Governor Altgeld's recent numer
ous pardons of convicts, and provoked
roars of laughter and cheers. He added:
In the history of the future the number of
votes cast for the Indianapolis platform and
its candidates will not be considered. It will
not be said that we constructed a bridge over
which, our party marched to victory, but over
which a nation passed to safety. But the fight
is not over. The millionaire silver mine own
ers who drew their checks for the expense of
the Bryan campaign are not dead yet. Bryan
and Bewail are not dead .yet.
President Jackson crystallized the executive
initiative into law and gave a tone, to the
Democratic party which is still its inspiration.
In his Venezuelan message President Cleve
land wrote a new chapter in international law.
He made this country the leader of the
hemisphere, as Jefferson made it the master of
this continent. Forty thousand Democrats of
California put their shoulders to the bridge
over which the Nation- passed to safety, and
they are ready to march to victory whenever
the occasion demands against the forces of
anarchy and populism.
In the absence of Samuel 0. Pickens of
Indiana, Samuel M. Foster of that State
responded. Other speakers were Hon.
Edwin F. Conley of Michigan, Hon. Hugh
Kyan of Wisconsin and Hon. Virgil P.
Kline of Cleveland.
J I I X SUM AX HA \ Ol El AT OMAHA.
Bryan Speak* of the Use of Corporation
Money in JPolitiei.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 8. — Ardent advo
cates of the principles inaugurated by
"Old HicKory" gathered in this city to
day to attend the banquet of the Jack
sonian Ciub and pay their homage to the
memory of a patron saint. Two hundred
persons prominent in molding the polit
ical history of the State gathered around
the board. The banquet hall was
decorated with flags, and from the walls
were suspended the portraits of Jackson,
Jefferson, Thurman and Bryan. The
tables, too, were surmounted with palms
and other potted plants and flowers.
W. J. Bryan was the first after-dinner
speaker of the evening, and was received
with great applause. When quiet had
bven restored Mr. Bryan said:
While we are not in a position to secure such
National legislation as we beiieve to be best,
we are in a position in many States to secure
the enactment of laws which will be both
helpful to the public now and aid in subse
quent c fib its to bring about National reforms.
Every good law placed upon tne statute books
brings credit to those who are responsible for
the law and strengthens their claim to public
confidence.
When in Congress I endeavored to secure
the passage of the law which would place a
smail tax upou National bank deposits for the
pur Dose of raising a tund to guard depositors
against loss. The bill was opposed at the
time on the ground that the strong banks
would have no advantage over the newly
established ones if all the depositors were pro
tected from loss. While this argument is based
upon the theory that the interests of the largo
banks are more to be considered than the in
terests of depositors, it has been sufficient thus
far to prevent legislation needed lor tne pro
tection of the depositors. I suggest that it is
possible to apply this principle to State banks
in the States where the silver forces nave con
trol.
|A small tax collected accordlng^to deposits
until a sufficient sum is raised would en
courage the deposit to reranin In the banks
and discourage hoarding. Under such a sys
tem depositors could be paid at once out of The
guarantee fund, and the business of the com
munity would not be embarrassed as it is now,
when every bank failure ties up a lot of
money and brings business to a standstill. If
State banks were thus made secure, National
baiiis would be compelled to joiu in securing
some protection for their depositors or suffer
the consequences.
Let me suggest another law which, it seems
to me, the last campaign has shown the need
of. It is a well-known fact that many cor
porations contributed large sums to the Re
publican campaign fund. In some instances
banks gave liberally and justified the contri
bution on the ground that they were protect
ing the interests of the depositors. I believe we
should adopt a law, where we have the power
to do so, preventing corporations from con
tributing to campaign funds or taking any
part in politics. A corporation is a creature of
law, it is called into existence for business,
not for political purposes.
While an individual is justified in con
tributing money to aid in legitimate cam
paifin work, a corporation is not. Uutil a
Dank pays its depositors in full it is impossible
to tell whether it is contributing its own or its
depositors' money. In a large corporation
the stockholder finds that his own money is
being used often for the defeat of his political
principles. Corporations should be made to
keep out of politics.
Other toasts were responded to as fol
lows: F. Q. Feltz, "The Legislature";
Hon. C. F. Cochran of St. Joseph, "Busi
ness Men ana Methods in Politics and
Government'; James Moynihan of Lin
coln. "National Democracy"; and R. L.
Metcalf, "The Press."
Letters of regret were received from
Vice-President Stevenson, Governor Stone
of Missouri, John R. McLean ot Ohio and
David Overmeyer of Kansas.
SEW luJiK'.s CELEBRATIOX.
lion. Perry Jirltnont Retpond* to the
Toast, "J"nc/cnon's Day.''
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Jackson
day was celebrated in this city by a ban
quet at the Hotel Savoy, given by the
Business Men's Democratic CJub. Ex-
Comptroller Theodore Meyers, president
of the club, presided. With some of the
guests at the table were Perry Belmont,
Postmaster Dayton, James S. Coleman,
ex-Mayor Gilroy, ex-Chamberlain Thomas
C. Cram and Evan Thomas.
Mr. Meyers spoke of the results of the
election and said they were gratifying to
business men.
Hon. Perry Belraont spoke to the toast,
"Jackson's Day." He said:
The toast and sentiment to which you nave
invited me to respond refers to the military
side of Jackson's great career, as does the
event we have met to celebrate; but the other
side, the civilian side, presents considerations
which have great bearing on political issues
now contronting us.
President Jackson condemned the incorpo
ration by Congress of a National bank, be
cause such a corporation was not "necessary"
and "appropriate" for the exercise of any
power vested by the constitution in Congress.
He insisted that the word "money," as used
in the constitution, meant only money coined
of "silver and gold." The Jacksonlan De
mocracy of sixty years ago insisted that the
National Government was intended to be a
hard-money Government— that the power to
"coin money" was a power to coin metallic
money and not to make a full legal tender of
paper money— Congress had no power to
issue or to authorize a corporation to issue
full legal-tender paper currency.
And yet last Tuesday Senator Peffer, who
has invented a great part of the Popuilstic
fads not known when the Republicans first
created lull legal tender greenbacks, declared
that the Federal Government requires silver
and gold only to provide for the existing in
terest-bearing power debt, but that all the re
maining currency of the whole country should
consist of Irredeemable paper omitted exclu
sively by Congress and based only on public
credit, and the National banks should be
created by Congress and required to loan that
money on collateral of commodities or real
estate at a rate of interest fixed by Congress.
He foreshadowed the coming issue to be be
tween the metallic currency of Jackson De
mocracy, supplemented by the modern device
of silver and gold certificates not a legal len
der on the one hand, and on the other a full
legal-tender greenback currency as invented
by the Republican party, and which was for
seventeen years irredeemable in silver or
gold.
The making of legal-tender money out of
anything else was unknown in his day. Legal
tender paper money was not tolerated by
Washington and the statesmen who made the
constitution what It is.,
The creation of monopolies and trusts by
tariff' duties would not be tolerated by Andrew
Jackson. Against such a condition of tiublic
affairs in the Slate and city of Sew York as is
foreshadowed by the victorious Republican
party— a condition unsatisfactory even to the
better portion of those Republicans who voted
for MoKiniey and thu Republican State and
local tickets— Andrew Jackson would have
waged an aggressive and persistent war. Are
not we Democrats who profess fidelity and
loyalty to his political faith and teaching to
make a fight?
n ASHIXHTO.'-' » OKBEKYA.SCE.
Criticism of the Administration— Letter
From Bryan.
WASHINGTON, 1). C, Jan. 8. — The
Jackson Democratic Association of the
District of Columbia held its annual
banquet to-day in Masonic Temple, and
among the guests were many of the most
distinguished Democrats of the District.
The administration was criticise! for its
so-called "traitorous participation in the
last campaign." Letters were read from
several Democrat?, notably Senator James
K. Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
Democratic campaign committee, and the
late candidate, William J. Bryan, the lat
ter saying: ; • -•'-''
I regret that circumstances prevent my
celebrating Jackson day with you. We have
reason to commemorate tho virtues of the
Hero of New Orleans. His courageous defense
of the rights of the people against the As
saults of consolidated c»p'. tol made him the
idol of his party, and the remembrance of hie
achievements should inspire the Democrats of
ihs generation to renewed devotion to a Gov
ernment of the' people, by the people and for
the people. His final triumph in a struggle
which is similar to that in which the Democ
racy was engaged this year gives us encour
agement and hopes of success.
Anong the speakers were Senators Mor
gan of Alabama and Biackburn of Ken
tucky, Congressman Sulzer of New York
and others.
SIOUX CITI CASHIER MISS I Ml.
Examination of Hi* Account* Shows
That They Are Badly (tied.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Jan. 8.-Myron B.
Spencer, cashier of the Barber Asphalt
Company, having charge of the accounts
of the Sioux City and Omaha offices, has
not been heard from by the company
since the 29th of last December.
E. B. Demarest, superintendent of the
Barber Company, arrived. in this city this
morning from Kansas City and immedi
ately went to work on the books of the
company. . Mr. Demarest was sent to this
city from Kansas City by H. R. Kasson,
general manager of the Western interest
of the Barber Company.
After malting a hasty examination of
the books he stated that the affairs of the
company in this city were badly mixed.
He said he had not heard a word from
Spencer for some time. The last he heard
was that Spencer had left Sioux City and
gone to Omaha. ■ •
He took all the money there was in the
Omaha account and since then his where
abouts have been unknown.
It will be a hard matter to tell bow his
accounts stand here.
The company was caught to the extent
of $4000 by ihe failure ot the Sioux Na
tional Bank, and had $1630 in" the First
National Bank, when '.; that institution
closed its doors. The company aid not
keep a bank account after the failures.
Spencer handled all the money which
was shipped him in currency. He kept
his own account, issued his own time
checks, paid the bills and did his own
auditing, having the full confidence of
the company. -.:-.,. . \
it will be several days before it is known
how much the company is loser. One
authority stated that afternoon that the
defalcation in the Sioux City office would
amount to almost $5000. . v
Jfedtvnod City Jiamage Suit.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Jan. B.— Paul
Demartini, through his attorneys, Deirnas
& Suortridge of Sacramento, and George
C. Ross of Redwood City, to-day brought
suit against the Southern Pacific Com
pany for $50,000 damages. In September
last his young son, George Demartini, was
run down by a Southern Pacific train and
killed.
Oreen at Phho Roblet.
PASO ROBLES, Cal.. Jan. B.— George
Green (Young Corbett) has established
traiuing quarters at Paso Robles.
STANFORD HONORS
JUNIOR SWITZER
He Is Chosen to Manage
the Varsity Football
Eleven.
Degree of Bachelor of Arts Con
ferred Upon Twenty -One
Studen's
Glee end Mandolin Clnbs RMurn to
Palo Alto From Their North
ern Tour.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
B.— The figlit for the office of football
manager culminated this afternoon, when
the athletic committee of the student
body elected John M. Switzer, '98, to the
office. The vote was practically unani
mous, the opposition being able to muster
only four out of the eleven votes cast.
Dave Brown, '97, whose term of office is
now ended, has the reputation of having
made one of the most efficient managers
that a varsity team has ever had. The
manager-elect i 3 one of the most active
men in the university, and his adminis
tration promises to equal that of ex-Mana
ger Brown in excellence.
Manager Switzer is a native of Indiana,
and received his education before entering
the university in the academy of the Uni
versity of Chicago, where he held a
scholarship, and was president of the stu
dent body. Entering the university with
the class of '98, he has held successively
many important offices, which demon
strate his popularity. In his first year he
was a member of the board of control of
the Sequoia, vice-president of his class,
and president of the Pbilolexian Literary
Society, of which he was one of the organ
izers. While a sophomore he was business
manager of the Sequoia and class treas
urer.
During the present year Manager
Switzer waa president of the University
Republican Club, and conducted a vigor
ous campaign for McKinley and sound
money. He also won for himself the rep
utation of being an able and effective cam
paign speaker. As manager of the fresh
man football team and assistant to
Manager Brown he became thoroughly
acquainted with the duties of a manager.
Mr. Switzer was recently elected a mem
ber of the intercollegiate debating com
mittee which arranges the debates between
Stanford and Berkeley. He is a contest
ant for a place on this year's intercollegi
ate debating team. As a student his
major subject is history.
The athletic committee also elected T.
M. Williams, '97, Dave Brown, '97, and C.
M. I'ickrrt, '98, to represent Stanford on
the intercollegiate committee, which will
draw up the athletic agreement between
Stanford and the University of California
ior this year. The committee meets in
February.
At the midyear conferring of degrees
twenty-one students received the degree
oi bachelor of arts. The graduates are as
follows:
In Greek— Harris C. Allen.
Latin— Josephine C. Beedy, Anna F. Weaver.
German— Sarah E. Simons'.
Romanic languages— Louise Amesbury.
English— George H. Hazzard, Emma L. Mar
tin, Marie L. Pitcher, Winnifred Webb.
Economics— Will A. Strong.
Law— William B. Fletcher, Horace H. Hin
dry, Ira S. LUlick, Sherril B. Osborne, Fred L.
Seybolt
Chemistry— Harry W. Morse.
Physiology— Herbert F. Bishop.
Zoology— Charles J. Pierson.
Civil engineering— David E. Brown, Robert
E. McDonnell.
Mechanical engineering— Ronald F. Roy.
The Rev. W. D. P. Bliss lectured before
the classes in economics and sociology
this morning and afternoon, advocating
his belief in Christian socialism. The
principles advocated by Rev. Mr. Bliss
WiU be the basis of discussion in the
economics' I class by Professor Powers.
The department of civil engineering
will have an addition this semester in the
way of a lecture course in '"Railroad Loca
tion" by Professor Willard Beahau. Pro
fessor Beahan graduated from Cornell in
1878, and was a classmate of Professor
Marx, head of the civil engineering de
partment at Stanford. The same course
of lectures was given at Cornell last year.
While at Stanford Mr. Beahan will take
the opportunity to complete his book on
"Economic Location of Railroads," mak
ing extensive use of the Hopkins Railroad
Library. Until his health failed, Mr.
Beahan was engaged as locating engineer
for the Missouri Pacific Railroad. The
contents of his book will embody his own
experience and that of other leading
American engineers.
Stanford's glee and mandolin clubs re
turned from their northern trip last even
ing. All were delighted with their trip
and report haying hud a cordial receDtion
at each stopping place. It was not ex
pected that the tour would be a success
financially, and the result confirmed this
belief. The total receipts were $2152 50.
Of this Stanford's share was $1344 10.
Advertising increased this to $1503 75.
The total expenditures amounted to
$2069 05, leaving a balance of $565 30. Be
lore leaving, each oi the twenty-rive mem
bers who made me trip gave his personal
note for an amount sufficient to secure the
stU'lent body against loss. A final con
cert will be given a week from to-night on
the campus. Twelve concerts were given
during the trip.
KILLED NEAR ALVISO.
Cap lain Alfred W. Mills Thrown From His
Wagon While Racing Along a
Highway.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 8. —An inquest
was held this afternoon over the body of
Captain Alfred W. MIII 3of Alviso, who
was killed auout 6 o'clock last evening.
The captain had spent the day in San Jose
and was returning home. He and a man
named Barber stopped at Haley's saloon,
half way to Alviso, and from there began
racing toward home. At the bridsre in
front of the Midway schoolhouse, Mills'
horse went partly over the embankment
and struck the railing of the bridge. The
wagon was upset and Mills thrown a
dozen feet, striking his iiead noon the
timbers, killing him instantly. Tho body
was discovered by William F. Carroll, an
Alviso teamster, a short time afterward,
and the Sheriff and Coroner were notified.
The horse was captured a half mile from
the scene of the accident.
CaDtam Mills was an Englishman by
birth, but had resided in California since
1851. He engaged in freight transporta
tion by water between Alviso and San
Francisco, and later became a partner of
John S. Carter, the great wheat specu
lator, in the ownership of the wheat vessel
Nellie Carter. Afterward he was pilot on
tne steamer Frank Silva. He was a prom
inent member of Santa Clara Lodge, I.
O. 0. F.
Mix* Cothan as a Portia.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— Miss Clara
Cothan, sister cf E. E. Cothan, who has
been a successiui practitioner in this city
for some years, and was special counsel in
the District Attorney's office, this morn
ing received her diploma from the
Supreme Court of Calwomia as a com
petent attorney-at-la v. Miss Cothan has
been studying law with her brother for
about three years, and is said to have
passed her examination with great credit.
She will for the present retain her posi
tion with Mr. Cothan.
SHORE'S SAN JOSE CAREER.
The South African Suicide Served as a
Deputy Under Sheriff George
80l linger.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— The tele
graphic news from New York that Oscar
D. Shore of this city, whose death was an
nounced in a meager dispatch about a
month ago, hai committed suicide at
Johannesburg, South Africa, by shooting
himself in the head, has been a great
bhock to the many friends of the young
man in this county.
When the news of his death was re
ceived here no mention of suicide was
made, and it was supposed he had died of
native fever.
Oscar Shore was a native of this county,
and had several brothers and a sister re
siding in Santa Clara. He was Deputy
Sheriff during George Boilmger's term.
Eight months agoj he went to South
Africa with Fred Tenant and Tom Lodlev
of this city. The latter two returned, not
finding the outlook encouraging, but
Shore secured employment as overseer in
a mine under the direction of George Cur
now, a brother of Dr. Curnow of this city.
He took nearly $4000 with him. it is
supposed he invested this in stocks and
losing all became discouraged and com
mitted suicide. He was about 23 years of
age.
Decides on Jtteincorporatlon.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— Edward Top
ham of Milpitas has been e:ected presi
dent of the Santa Clara Valley Agricul
tural Society. J. W. itea and G. K.
Hostetter were elected directors for three
years.
At the annual meeting of the society
yesterday the board of directors was in
structed to prepare articles of disincor
poration and articles of reincorpora
tion to be submittet at a meeting of
members to be held January 28. when it is
expected the necessary three-fourths of
the membership will be present in person
or by power of attorney.
The object of reincorporation is to ex
tend the power of the society and make it
more beneficial to the members.
Signing Volunteers for Cuba.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— Jules Calde
ron, who was formerly engaged in busi
ness at Santa Clara, is organizing a com
pany of young men in that place to go to
Cuba to fight witii the insurgents.
Five volunteers have already been
signed, and it is said quite a number are
re*dy to go as soon as it is ?een that the
movement is a certainty. Calderon claims
he will be ready to leave for Cuba in an
other week.
Heclarei Hemrlf Insolvent
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. B.— Mrs. Isabelle
Anirnen, a music-teacher, to-day filed a
P"ii:ion in insolvency. Her liabilities are
$1205. Sue has no assets. >-$%ty
■ *
AT THE STATE POULTRY SHOW.
Prize- Winners in ihe t Pigeon' Department
Announced— Homing Pigeons to
Race.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. B.— As yet
the attendance at the exhibition of the
California State Poultry and Ken
nel Cub in the State Agricul
tural Pavilion has by no means
been as great as the display deserves; but
then the great majority have been wait
ing until they cou.d obtain the most for
their money, and as the dog show wiil
open to-morrow it is believed that hence
forth until the close of the exposition the
Pavilion will be crowded.
Taken as a whole the exhibition is by
far the biggest thing of its kind ever held
on the coast. In addition to chickens,
turkeys and fieese there are cages tilled
with rare birds from foreign lands.
Owis are there — black, white, blue, red,
silver and dozens of other varieties — and
there are magpies, swallows and birds
from the interior of Australia and Africa.
The prize-winners in the pigeon exhibit
were announced this morning to be A. N.
Bavley of Oakland, George T. Marsh of San
Francisco, W. H. Demig of San Francisco,
J. V. Delaveaga ot San Francisco, Dr. W.
J. Bryan of San Francisco, W. H. Young
of Stookton, Georgo H. Croley of San
Francisco and Mr. Cassellman of Sacra
meuto.
On next Sunday between 1000 and 2000
homing piceons will be let loose in this
city. This will be the first free-for-all-race
meeting on the Pacific Coast under the
homing club rules.
The number of birds liberated will ex
ceed any "toss :i ever made west of Chi
cago. As the United States Government
is taking great interest in homing pigeon
flying it is expected thst some of the
Government birds from Mare Island may
compete in the races.
The management announces that the
birds will be liberated on Sunday, rain or
shine, and that, as the race is particularly
for the encouragement of amateurs, it will
be open to all fanciers whose lofts are
located forty miles or more from Sacra
mento.
MYSTERY OF MAGALIA.
After a Futile Search for George Wolf's
Body, Officers Conclude That He
Was Not Murdered.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. B.— Sheriff Wilson,
Deputy Thomas Dooley and a corps of
citizens returned to Chico this evening
after a day spent in searching for George
Wolf, the missing driver for L. Cohen &
Co. of Magalia.
Public opinion has undergone a decided
change since last evening, when it was
reported that Wolf was undoubtedly mur
dered.
The officers have arrived at the conclu
sion, and indications along the road tend
to confirm it, that Wo:f has absconded.
He was known to have been very much
intoxicated when he left town, and it is
believed this is what led to his disap
pearance.
Just above the Peters place on Butte
Creek, while Wolf was driving at a great
rate a box fell from the wagon. While he
was trying to reload it the team started to
run. Wolf headed them off, turned them
around, and after succeeding in placing
the box on the wagon started ud the road.
After going but a short distance he de
cided to engage in pistol practic*. He
fired twice and then dropped the pistol in
the road. The reports frightened the
horses and they ran up the road past the
side roa-i which should have been taken
and on ud the opposite side of the creek.
Wolf, on discovering that he was on the
wrong road, turned them around and
came back and crossed the bridge.
The mercnandise scattered along the
road is proof that the team ran away a
third time, this time Tannins: over trie
edge of a culvert and throwing the driver
out. Here his hat and gloves were lound.
The officers searched diligently all day,
but could find no trace of the missing
man. They believe that when the wagon
was upset Wolf was thrown out arfdhis
money, amounting to over $1000, was scat
tered along the road.
On finding that his money was gone,
he deemed it best to disappear. The offi
cers are now on the lookout for Hfm,
and have telephoned up and down the
country.
Thousands of persons who thought they had
Consump ion have been cured with Dr. D
Jayne's Kxpectorant.
lZ*ay to take and effectual, Jayne't Sanative Pills.
FLAMES ABOARD
HIS LITTLE CRAFT
Gasoline Explodes on a San
Diego Fisherman's
Schooner.
He Is Hurled Through the
Cabin Ceiling and Falls
Stunned to the Deck.
Revives to Find Hs Clothes Ablaze,
and Plunges Into the S?a for
Relief.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. B.— Two horri
ble deaths stared old "French Charley" in
the face this morning and he still lives,
though badly burned. He is a lobster
fisherman and his real name is Charles
Dubois, though not one of his acquaint
ances in a hundred knows him by any
other name than "French Charley."
Charley visited Coronado Island yester
day in his schooner Eva. There the larg
est and Best crawfish in these waters are
to be found. He got a good catch, and
started for home last night. The wind
was light, and he was out all night. Tn ijfc
morning at 7:30, when a half-mile onW
Point Loma, he made preparations for hia 7
breakfast.
He had a little gasoline stove on board
and a five-gallon can of the explosive in
the hold. He drew a cupful and filled tha
stove and then lighted a match. An ex
plosion followed of such terrific force that
the astonished Frenchman was scared
half to death.
He was in the cabin at the time. He
was blown bodily through the frail coiling
and dropped upon the rail, where he lay
for several minutes stunned. When he
recovered he found his clothing on fire
and the cabin and deck wrapped in flumes.
It took only a second for Dubois to slide
over the rail into the ocean and soak him
self. His side and face were burned
badly.. The old man's hair and beard
were gone, eyebrows scorched, eyelashes
off and his lips seared and blackened.
In spite of the keen torture of the
burns, tie did his Dest to get into the cabin
and save $93 in gold and silver, which was
all the money be had. The old man was
distrustful of banks, and kept his money
right in his bunk. In reaching after the
rconey, the fire enveloped his arm and
before he would give up the endeavor his
hand «nd arm were frightfully burned.
Meantime the boat was leaking end
.burning to the water's edge. Seeing that
he would be drowned unless he got away
the old man ruefully took the ssiff, which
was trailing in ihe rear, and puiled away
Irom the wreck. He was suffering great
agony and in this condition was forced to
pull over a mile to the quarantine station,
where Dr. McKay attended to his injuries.
The schooner was a total loss, sinking
atter burning to the water's line. All the
old man's clothing, provisions, bedding,
money, fishing-tackle and utensils went
to the bottom, leaving him with only a
skiff to represent his hard work for sev
eral years.
Lliht for Clocerdal*-
CLOVERDAIE, Cal., Jan. 8— Clov«r- *%
dale will soon be lighted, by electricity. 1
R. B. Elder, representing an electric light 1
company, and F. Albertz, proprietor of '
the Moulton Hill vineyard near Ciover
dale, canvassed the town this weet and
found sufficient encouragement to warrant
the establishing of a plant. Albertz has
just returned from San Francisco and re
ports that tne machinery would be here
in a few days. A crew of men is already
at work settins the poles. The company
expects to have the new lights in readiness
for the citrus fair, which opens on Febru
ary 16.
DECLINE
DECLINE
DECLINE
•o-oooooooo* ' nrr»i imp
? Growing? decline
I iit 1 i g I DECLINE
1 Weak. ? decline
•OOOOOOOOO? DECLINE
MEANS* NOTHING MORE OR LKSS THAN
wasting away of the tissue of toe bod.v, and
this conies too often (In men) from dissipation,
abuse, lost of self-contiol and Insidiously sapping
bad :iab;ts- Nature never intended that you
should racK.and harass yourself; that you should
stay out all night, drln. all day. or abuse yourself.
It la this very abuse that create* this wasting
away of the forces of nature.
RKPK.M'ANCr: CO.MKS not too late If you get
counsel of a good, reliable doctor or corps of special
doctors, such, for Instance, as the Hudson Medical
doctors. These doctors have c.eated the worlu-
famed Hudyan Kemedy treatment for di«e»-es
and disabilities of men. This Hudyan can only bo
hHd from Hudson. No one else knows the secret
process ; no one else can give you Hudyan. Some-
times Hudyan
Cures in a Week.
Cures in a Week.
Cures in a Week. : A
Cures in a Week.
Hudyan cures failing or declining manhood and
basbfulness, fits man for marriage, cures wasting
disorder.*, bad dreams, lo*-> of strength, loss of
power, loss of capacity. Makes a new man out of '
you Hudyan cures Evil Dreams, Varicocele,
s-permatorrhea. Losses. ■ Hudyao cure* wherever
yon go, do as you will. ..■• ,
CIRCULARS FREE.
fll»S0\ MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Thirty- Day Cure.
Thirty- Day Cure.
Thirty- Day Cure.
Is the blood poison cure. This cure cures first,
secondary or tertiary form« of blood poisoning,
THIRTY-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
AT OFFICE , Consultation. .
AT OFFICE Private Diagnosis.
AT OFFICE First Remedy Treat-
_ ment. ;
AT OFFICE Pint Catarrh Treat-
_ ment.
AT OFFICE First Blood Treatment
'-^i/i.ii': 5 . ■■ • • Electric Bath.
FREE. Ozoßftth. :-
Vapor Bath.
FREE. Mnssape.
''~r'±V' developing Process.
FREE. • Private Examination.
. . Free Talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL IKSTITDTE,
' - '■ ' - ■ £
Junction Stockton, Market ami Elllg,. *
SAN. FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
NEW WESTERN MOTEL;
K EA 5 N S AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KING WAKO Aca
European plan. . Hooms 6Uc to 41 50 per day *j
to per wee*. *>8 to aSO per moa - - in, a *»"»*:
hot aud cold water every room: In in-.u .a
•Ttry room; elevikioc ma* »uui«ui, -• "WILL BE BUILT
ON TO HANFORD
Valley Railway Company
Ready to Extend
Its Line.
Construction to Be Commenced
When Rights of Way Are
Securei.
Seviral Property-Owners Block tbe
Way by Asking Exorbitant
Prices.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. B.— The construc
tion of ihe Valley road south of Fresno
by way of Hanford will probably be com
menced within two or three weeks. The i
only condition to this important and wel
come news is that the right of way, com- i
plete, shall have been secured in that time |
and there is good ground to hope for this
result.
That matter- have reached such a satis
factory stage was evidenced by the arrival I
of s-everal prominent officials of the rail- j
road company in this city to-ciay. They
came on the passenger train over the new
road, reaching Fresno shortly before noon.
That tiieir visit is one of importance is cer
tain, because they announced their inten
tion of remaining in the city three or four j
days.
Those who constitu;ed the party were: j
Vice- President Robert Watt, Captain A.
H. Payson, the director; Chief Engineer j
W. B. Story Jr. and Attorney E. F. Pr&s- !
ton. Righi-oMYay Agent C. S. Young i
lias been here for several days past.
The main purposo of the visit of the
officials is to try to effect a satisfactory \
settlement with certain property-owners j
along the line of tae survey who have
been hoiding out for what are considered
unreasonable considerations for right of j
Tray. Agent Yonng and tne committee j
have been working quietly but deter- |
minedly for several weeks past and they
succeeded in making satisfactory arrange
ments lor deeds for over three-lourths of !
the distance between this city and Han- 1
ford.
With the owners of the remaining 25 j
per cent o! the distance they were not so j
successful, and it is to deal with these ;
that the officials have come from San !
Francisco.
The principal difficulty has been en- j
countered in trying to get a right of way j
our of Fresno and through the colonies.
There are also property-owners along
tbe entire line at various points who are j
holding out for prices on their land which j
are exorbitant in the eyes of the company. ;
In tbe nggregate these obstructionists own
Ihe land along nearly 25 per cent of the ;
distance between Fresno and Hanford.
Through Hanford and Kings County :
everything is clear, little difficulty being j
met. in securing the right of way. As
soon as the ground between this city and '
Hanford is secured the construction of j
tbe road will be pushed southward with- \
ont furtber interruption.
The company is desirous of having the j
track completed at least to Tulare by
next season, to take advantage of the i
summer'- ireighting. The peoDle along j .
the line are equally anxious to see the ad- j :
vpnt of the r^ad as soon as possible.
The question of wi. ether the road will be i
put through tor next summer or not de- j ,
peods upon what is accomplished by the j
officials on their present visit in regard to !
settling the difference between this city j
anil the river. If they are successful in j
■cosing the contracts for the rignt of way |
then the road will be built as tar as Tuiare '
at least for tbe coming season.
if satisfactory settlements cannot be i
made immediately, however, the contin- |
nation of the competing road south of !
Fresno will be a matter of conjecture, for I
several months at any rate. In order to I
compete the road to Tulare by next
summer the work of building from this:
city must be commenced at once.
But toe company is determined not to :
turn another shovelful cf earth until all i
right-of-way matters have been settled, j
Its experience ihus far in this line has
decided it on this poi;.t.
Th:s is tbe .situation which presents i
itself to Hanlord and Tulare, and the
people along the proposed route. All
depends upon the disposition of the
property-owners who are holding out
ap.iinst the new road between Fresno and
llanford.
Vice- President Watt was interviewed at
the Hughes Hotel this evening, and he is
tiie authority lor the statement made in
this dispatch.
"Of course," he said, "we cannot tell if
we shall be able to settle up the right-o'- '
way matter.', and if we find that the only
resource w.l! bs condemnation proceed
ings the construction of the road south of
Fresno will be deiayed for some time.
"Not until we have the title, or the con
tract for it, for every foot of ground ahead
of us will we commence worn. There are
about half a dozen non-consenting owners
between this city and Hanford, and they
own the land for about a quarter of the
distance.
"Concerning the right-of-way matters
along the Reedley route they have not
progressed as fr.voraolyHS on the Hanford
survey, and things do not look very bright
in tnat quarter. Through Tulare County '
everything is in readiness for the road, j
but a serious stumbling block is being mci
between Fresno and Reedley. For the
present we are directing our attention to
tho Hanford route.
"We intend ultimately to build on both
these lines, and in fact are anxious to do
bo as soon as possible. But we do not
propose to get ourselves into any more
predicaments as we have done, and will
proceed carefully. Even if we begin to
construct the track southward by way of |
Hanford within the next two or three
weeks, we cannot hope to g*»t it farther
than Tulare for next season's business.
But then we would be clad to do tbis."
It EA TU .+ T SA .V Q UEXTSX.
Ilou. Stephen C. Jtoicrr* &uc-,umb» to
Xlmrt Trouble. •
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. B.— Hon.
Stephen C. Bowers died at San Quentin at
an early hour this moraine
Mr. Bowers was a conspicuous charac
ter, as well for his qualities of head and
heart as lor his immense physique. His
death wa3 sudden, being caused by fatty
degeneration of the heart.
.Mr. Bowers was a native of Tennessee
and bore arms for that Siate in the* Rebe
llion. He represemed Marin Couniv in
the Assembly in 1883 and acquitted him
self with much crt-dn.
He was a prolific writer and contributed
much readable matter to the preis. He
was a cood hearted man with great talens
deficient in qualities that win in business!
H-- is survived by a widow and several
children.
JdlJbElt yEAIt ELK GROVE.
John Archer, the Horseman, Sleets Death
in n Uunaway Accident.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. B.— John Archer,
a prominent rancher living near Linden,
while driving near Elk Grove, this after
noon, was thrown from his carriage. He
received injuries from which he died soon
sfier being taken home. He was return
ing from E:k Grove when his horses took
fright and overturned the rig. Archer
never legained consciousness.
SAN DIEGO'S WATER FETE.
Arrangements Already Under Way for the
Aquatic Carnival on Washing
ton's Birthday.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. B.— A meeting
was held at the Chamber of Commerce
this evening to arrange for holding the
Midwinter Water Carnival on Washing
ton's birthday. In honor of Admiral
Keardslee of the North Pacific squadron,
who will retire from the navy next
summer.
The flagship Philadelphia, coast defend
ers Monterey and Monadnock, fish com
mission steamer Albatross, coas: survey
Thetis, gunboat Adims, and perhaps the
battleship Oregon will be in port at the
time, and it is intended to make the occa
sion the grandest in tbe history of San
Difgo B:iy.
The ce'neral plan, as finally decided
upon, is to hnve a military and naval na
ra<|e on ihe afternoon of Saturday, Feb
ruary 30, witn a ball at Hotel Coronado in
thp evening.
Excursions to the various points of in
terest calculated to best please the many
visitors who will be in the city will be
made the next day.
Monday. February 22, will be salt-water
day. There will be aquatic sports, yacht
races and other fun on the bay in the
forenoon and afternoon, winding up with
a carnival on the bay at night.
The beautiful effect of' the carnival on
July 4 last is well remembered, and it is
lioped to eclipse it, not only the splendor
of lights, but in the number of partici
pants, the music an.i the general gayety.
To eet the preliminary work wsll in hand
a number of committees were appointed.
EXPLOSION NEAR BAKERSFIELD.
Two Men Lose Their Lives in the Maltha
Wells of ihe Sunset Oil
Company.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. B.— An ex
plosion of gas occurred at the Sunset Oil
wells, about fifty miles southwest of this
place, late yesterday afternoon. Charles
Lathropand Peter McKinneil, each about
30 years old, lost their lives.
These wells or mines yield maltha, or
liquid asphalt. At the Sunset property
there is a shaft 150 feet deep. Frequent
deposits of gas are encountered in these
wells and the Sunset men had been pro
vided with safety lamps on this account,
but they refused them, preferring open
candles.
An air-blower is also kept in operation
a 1 the true to keep tue shaft and driits
clear ol obnoxious gas.
The men had been at work but a short
time when an explosion occurred, whicn
was felt at the mouth of the shaft.
No answer coming to calls through the
speaking-tube, two men went down.
After going tnirty feet they came back
and reported that the gas was too dense to
proceed further. Then J. B. Hunt, the
manager, was lowered to tne bottom of
the shaft, where he soon found the bodies
oi the two men.
Whether they died from the concussion
of the explosion or from inhaling the gas
was not learned and will not be deter
mined until to-morrow, when the bodies
will rench Bakersfield The remoteness
of the locality and the entire absence of
communication make it impossible to
learn full detail-.
STONE FOR THE BREAKWATER.
Harbor Commissioners Inspecting Quarries
Near San Pedro and Santa t
Monica.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. B.— Th« Gov
ernment commission to select a harbor
for Los Angeles appears to be particularly
interested in tscertaining where the stone
to build the breakwater is to come from,
and is making a systematic inspection of
ail the granite quarries in this region.
To-day the Commissioners visited sev
eral quarries on the Santa Fe line, but
from what has leaked out they have found
no stone superior to that found on the
Terminal road, near Aitadena.
Secretary Pratt this evening stated that
to-morrow the board would visit the
Catalina Island quarries. There is said to
be an inexhaustible 'upply of granite
there belonging to the \Vnniington Trans
portation Company. Thi* could he de
livered by water to eitner San Pedro or
Santa Momca at a minimum cost for
freight and handling.
Tne commissioners will remain at the
island until Monday. Next week they ex
pect to have the results of the. borings at
San Pedro well completed, and then will
turn their attention to investigating the
bottom oi San f a Monica Bay. So far the
experimental work at San Pedro fully
confirms tne statements made by the San
Pedro engineers.
FREED A.T BAK BtnyARDISO.
Eugene fToodbun/ heleatrd on a Writ
of lltih'n* Cot put.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Jan. B.—
Eugene Wood bury, nephew of Richard
Gird, the millionaire of Chino was this
afternoon released from the County Jail
on a writ of habeas corpus, sworn out by
his attorney.
Woodbury and his companion, Allen
Wright, were arrested four weeks ago on
the Colorado Desert by Los Angeles detec
tives for the murder of A. C. Holman, a
wealthy English prospector, near Cbino
in 1893, Tne arrest of Woodbury created
a sensation at the time, as his relatives
are prominent and wealthy.
Santa ('rtis't Snlmon Jiun.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. B.— Every
available boat was out to-day with fishing
parties or the regular fisherman. The ag
gregate catch was over 200 salmon. The
continuei tine weather and yesterday's
catch of 150 salmon were the inducements
for the effort of to-day. Fishermen say
the bay is full of sardines, and with this
bait to entice them, there is every indica
tion for a run of salmon equal to that of
last winter.
f-nnta Harbnrn'* Silent Horologe.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. B.—Ex
actly at 12 o'clock noon to-day the old
town clock that hourly bounded its mel
low notes for a quarter of a century
breathed its last.
Dunn.- its lifetime the City Council al
lowed $10 a month to a man to wind it,
but since the completion of the new
Masonic Hall, with its modern clock and
chimes, the Council revoked the pension.
Gurntn of Santa Itnrbnra.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. B.— The
social season opened here to-night with a
ball ana banquet at the Arlington Hotel
in honor of Governor Atkinson of Georcia
and party and the officers of the coast de
fen-e vessel Monterey, now in Santa Bar
bara channel. Governor Atkinson will
leave to-morrow for San Francisco, where
he will remain for a few days belore going
East.
Suicide at Mghtengal'.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. B.— A man
named Snyder blew the top of hi* head
off with a shotgun back of a saioon in
Nightengale, about three miles east of
Stockton. He l;ad bee;i despondent for
some time and had threatened to taka his
life before. He was well known about
Nightengale, where he had worked for
some time.
Lou Anal** Officer?! Death.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. B.— George
L. Wilson, ti e Deputy Sheriff, who was
shotf. by Jose Morales, near Monrovia, a
week ago last Suudny, died to-day from
the effects of bis wound.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
BARK ANDRINA
ALMOST LOST
Anchors Let Go With the
Shore a Hundred Feet
Distant.
Captain and Crew Launch the
Lifeboats and Desert
the Vessel.
Return the Next Day and Set Sail
Just as the Remaining
Cable Parts.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. B.— The
four-masted British bark Andrina, Cap
tain B. V. Smith, arrived here to-day in
tow of the tug Tyee. Captain and crew
are thankful that they are in port again,
having narrowly escaped going ashore on
the Vancouver coast, near Cape Beaie, on
Wednesday.
The ship was deserted by its crew, and
only by great good fortune wns it saved.
Captain Smith says that for four days he
had seen neitner sun or stars. During
the entire time they were surrounded by
a dense Jo.;.
At noon on Wednesday the cry,
"Breakers ahead !' was the first warning
ho had of the dangerous poiition of his
ship.
A heavy^sea was running at the time,
and an attempt to wear ship proved
futile. Two anchors were let go, and as
the big vessel rounded one of the cables
parted, leaving the Andrina within ICO
feet of the shore and in immediate danger
of the parting of the otlrer cable.
Captain Smith says the breakers were
running loity feet high, and as he saw no
possibility of saving his vessel, it was de- ,
cided to launch the boats ana attempt to
reach shore.
Two boats were capsized as soon as they
were launched, but finally the crew of
thirty-three men succeeded in getting into
two lifeboats. The boats tilled before they
reached shore and several of the men wero
washed overboard, but they wero rescued
by their comrades. A landing was at iast
effected and that night the sailors took up
their quarters under a lifeboat.
In ttie morning the weather had mod
erated, and as tne ship still held to its re
maining anchor the captain ana crew
again put off and after some difficulty suc
ceeded in getting aboard. Captain Smith
says that at this time the ship was cut of
danger, but its perilous position was made
known on attempting to raise the second
anchor, for the chain parted, fortunately
not until sails were set, enabling them to
make away from shore.
The tug Tyee shortly cfter appeared on
the scene and tout the Andriua in tow,
bringing it to port.
The Andrina registers 2542 tons and is
among the largest British sh p3 that visit
Puget Sound. It came direct from Aus
tralia in ballast and will wait here for
orders.
HIGH SEAS SWEPT THE DECK.
Ship Agapanthus Encounters Iqualls on
ihe North Pacific — Fears for
the Tacoma.
SEATTLE, Wash , Jan. B.— The British
iron ship Agapanthus. Captain Robert J.
C. Tod, of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha line,
arrived this evening twenty-four days
direct from Kobe, Japan. Doub less no
craft in recent years had so tempestuous
a voyage ana at the same time made port
without loss of life or more serious dam
age to the vessel.
From the Japanese coast to Cape Flat
tery the Agapanthus encountered squalls
of hurricance force.
The Agapanthus sailed from Kobe on
December 15, celebrating Christmas day
with a full-Hedged hurricane, lasting with
territic violence from 1 to 6 in the morn
in.tr, and with greater or less fury until the
middle of the afternoon. The Vessel was
flt the time in 45:20 north latitude and
173:40 east longitude.
Tie wind quickly whipped from eoutn
west to northwest and carried away the
boom guy. the sails being set. Both
booms were sent flying across the deck
from port to starboard, unshipping a
heavy derrick. They were snapped in the
middle and the pieces carried into the sea.
In getting before a sea, Cuptain Tod
stated, the ship rolled to an angle of forty
five degjees, lirst to one hide and then to
the other. Two great iron derricks weigh
ing each over three tons were tossed about
the decK as if made of the lightest pine.
The bulwarks and stanchions were stove
in and broken and the rails were under
water. With booms and heavy anchors
flying about the lives of the seamen be
came greatly imperiled, but no one sus
tained serious injury.
On New Years "day the Agapanthus
was overtaken by a second but less vio
lent hurricane. During the worst of ihe
storm the boatswain was struck on tne
heal by a staysail block. While very
seriously injured, he will probably re
cover.
Captain Tod said that in all his experi
ence as a seaman he never saw seas iun
higher than during the storms encoun
tered by the Agapanthus. Time and
again it seemed as though the vessel
would be broken to pieces.
The steamsnip Tacoma of the Northern
Pacific line, bound from China to the City
of Tacoma, was no doubt overtaken and
possibly disabled by the hurricane encoun
tered by the Agapanthus. It is now three
days overdue, and considerable anxiety as
to the vessel's ability to weather such a
storm is being felt in shipping circles.
It is per.iaDS not so strong or seaworthy
a vessel as the Aga^antlius. The latter
brought about 150U tons oi Japanese mer
chandise, and will return with GOOD tons
of steel rails, cotton and flour.
A PORTLAND GAMBLER'S FALL
From a Prosperous Sport end Bad Man
With a Pistol He Becomes a
Bunko Sharp.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. B.— "Sandy"
Olds, who up to eight years aco was one
of the most prosperous gamblers
in the Northwest, was arrested lnst
night for bunkoing John Wohrly, a green
farmhand from New Whatcom, out of $20
in a card game. He is in jail in default of
$25 bail, pending his trial to-morrow
afternoon.
In 1889 Olds shot down in the street and
killed Emil Weber, another well-to-do
sport here, without a moment's warning.
Olds' first shot broucht his victim to the
ground, but not content with that he
stood over Weber's prostrate form, empty
ing every chamber of his revolver into the
dead man.
Weber had a greatmany enemiesamong
the Portland earn biers, #nd the impres
sion was tnat Olds was nerved by them to
commit this atrocious crime. Be that as
it may, the secret is an open one that
prominent gamblers here spent thousands
of dollars in his defense, engaging the best
legal talent in the State.
Olds had three trials before Criminal
Judge Steams, who twice sentenced the
mmderer to death. In each instance the
Supreme Court reversed the judgment and
Olns remained in the County Jail here uutil
IS9I, when be was granted a change of
venue to Washington County, where he
was convicted of manslaughter.
The presiding Judge sentenced the de
fendant to one year's imprisonment in
the penitentiary, and, oddly enough, the
same Judge sent up a poor man for three
years lor stealing two salmon.
For a time after his release from the
penitentiary "the boys" gave Oids a bit of
a helping hand, but when they grew
weary of viewing him in the light of a mar
tyr and he was left to shift for himself his
downward career was a greased one — that
is to say. his dress grew shabby and
threadbare; he was seldom seen on the
street with bis former companions, and,
in fact, he suddenly grew old and friend
less in appearance.
Bebtlt tlreek a Train.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. B.— Philippine
Island advices received by the steamship
Agapanthus to-day tell of the wrecking by
rebels of a train at San Marcos, near
Manila.
The rails were loosened for a distance of
twenty meters, throwing the engine and
four coaches down an embankment.
About 1000 rebels appeared, made prison
ers of the trainmen and passengers and
took possession of the mails and freight.
While the train was being plundered
another band of rebels set fare to the near
by town of Calumpit.
Testifying at Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. B.— The case of
the schooner Favorite opened before the
Bering Sea Claims Commission to-day,
the only interesting feature being the ap
pearance of Captain Alexander McLean,
the star witness for the United States,
this time as a claimant. He was master
of the schooner when it came home under
threat of seizure by the Corwin.
Fresno Citizen* mil Play Ball.
FRESNO, Cal.. Jan. B— The Hundred
Thousand Club has issued a challenge to
tne Chamber of Commerce for a baseball
came between teams selected from the
respective organizations. The challenge
will undoubtedly be accepted. The gale
receipts will be placed in the funds of t<e
organizations. Much interest is being
taken in the proposed game between the
sedate citizens.
Winners at Ihe JSetv Orlean* Track.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. B.— Results:
Seven furlongs, R. Q. Ban won, Candy second,
Graciosa third. Time, 1:31.
Six iurlongs. Hill Billy yon, Grayling sec
ond, Minnie Murphy third. Time, I:l6}£
St'ven furlongs, Xecedah won, A:amo second,
Denver third. Time, I :3(Pi.
Seven fnrlonus, Donna Rita won, Damocles
second, Rossmar third. Time, 1:30.
One mile, Davezac won. Paros second, Miss
Clark third. Time, 1 :45>2.
Six furlongs, I).>rottiy .11 won, Miss Leigh
second, Tommy Rutter third. Time, 1:16&
Wrj/T*r Mutt Send Good A>wi,
LONDON, England, Jan. B.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Madrid, saying the postponement of
the usual meeting of the Cabinet on Fri
day caused a great deal of uneasiness in
the Spanish capital, and gave rise to ru
mors that a ministerial ensh is imminent.
It is considered more likely, however, that
General Weyler has been ordered to send
the Spanish Government good news at
any cost before^ the next meeting of the
Cabinet.
Tnke* Ao Stock in the Confeiaion.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Captain
O'Brien of the detective bureau this
morning said tuat he took no stock in the
story told by Frederickußaunian in Louis
ville that he murdered Frank Arbuckle
of Denver. The yarn was made out of
whole cloth.
AN INNOCENT CULPRIT.
It Fires the Alarm Gun at the Wrong;
Time and Stirs Up iortand Town.
Cape Town, South Africa, claims the
honor of possessing the smallest creature
ever known to have been a gunner in the
royal artillery, or any other artillery. At
the castle. Cape Town, it appears there is
a magnificent gun worked by electricity,
used for giving the mMday and evening
time, according to the Brocton Times.
One day the military and civilians of
Cape Town wer« surprised to hear the gun
go off at 10:30 o'clock in tbe morning.
The general commanding the station sent
to inquire what such irregularities meant;
the brg;ide major did the same. The
cora mainline officers of each regiment an-i
battery stationed at Cape Town sent
messengers, but no one could be found
upon whom to lay the blame. The offi
cials could give no explanation ; they were
as much surprised as anybody.
The general in command of the s.tation
became farious at such an unheard of in
fringement of discipline. He was sure
there was mismanagement somewhere or
the act could not have been possible.
Strict search was ordered tA.be made, bat
although the order was carried out to the
letter the culprit remained undiscovered.
Then when the search had been practi
ce I!y abandoned the little gunner was ac
cidently discovered and arrested. There
he lay inside the instrument that trans
mits the electric current from the Royal
Observatory of Cape Town to ttie great
gun. This instrument is called a relay,
and is in the central te.'egraph office of
the station. The action of the current go
ing through the instrument's main moves
a sort of light tongue, which is so. finely
set that the slightest touch will affect it.
the tongae forces the current into what are
termed tbe time fuses, which _fire the gun
at tbe castle.
Right ins do the relay was found the
little gunner. He was discovered by an
official who was examining the instrument,
and who was surprised to see inside— a big
brown spider. In its explorations within
the instrument the spider must have
touched the tongue sufficiently to move it,
ami thus fired the gun.
The general sent the spider to the Cape
Town museum, where it is now to be seen
with a card underneath entitling it "The
Littie Gunner," and giving a full account
of its exploit with the Cape Town mid
day gun.
Picturesque Wales.
All along the fields of Wales stand ruins
and castles crumbling to decay. Owls
hoot and ivy clambers in the prass-grown
chambers and rugged turrets, as they have
done throughout many a hundred years.
Old towns sleep al the footof old hills and
the lootsteps of stranger* walking through
quaint, irregular streets call ancient
dames to ancient doors to peep curiously
forth upon the' passer-by. The country
abounds in charming subjects lor the
artist — the castle standing in the marshes,
the alehouses and taverns, old-fashioned
characters smoking long pipes, shepherds
with their sheep dimiy seen in the moun
tain mist, lonely tishermen exercising
thnir patient crafi, people in outlandish
garb crossing fords on their way to market,
small hamlets with their modest mills,
larger villages where the idlers gather on
summer evenings at tho crumbling stone
bridges; here the memorial o< some
famous battle ground, or some abbey or
monastery of thirteenth -century archi
tecture; there the residence of some
wealthy squire, with green acres and
noble trees; and, above all, bare, bleak
hilltops add just the requisite touch of
soverity to the aspect, to say nothing of
the grotesque legends inseparable from it
all. Even the topography of the country
is grotesque. It has sometimes been said
thai tho founder of Welsh geographical
names must have taken all the letters of
the alphabet, drunk many tankards of
cwrw da, then kneaded the letters in a
very confused manner and thus given
them to the world. But even a Welsh
baby can pronounce Cymreieyddion, and
no one in the country thinks anything of
Llangefelact. — Buffalo Commercial.
W. R. Haskell set a trap for coyotes near
Lakin, K.ina., and caught an immense
polden eagle, measuring H% feet from tip
to tip.
OIL CLAIMS TO
BE DEVELOPED
Fresno Capitalists Invest
in an Enterprise at
Coalinga.
Wells Will Be Sunk to Tap the
Beds of Petroleum in the
Foothills.
Their Product to Bs Brought to Mar
ket Through Piping Miles in
Length.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. B.— Articles of in
corporation are being prepared in this
city for a new oil company which has been
organized within the past few days. It is
to be known as the Home Oil Company,
and the following are its officers: Presi
dent, G. W. Terrill; vice-president, L F.
Poston; treasurer, C. M. Kil bourne; sec- j
retary, K. W. Brown; manager, Captain •
Frank Barrett.
The new organization proposes to de
velop an oil claim in the foothills in the
southwestern portion of the county, lo
cated about nine miles above coaling.
The company is said to have some excel- j
lent prospects, its claim {riving indications i
of eood mineral value, and boring will be i
begun at once. The machinery is already j
on the ground, anil it i.s the intention to
push the operations with vigor.
The company intends to construct a
pipeline from its wells to a point on the
Southern Pacific Railroad, about a mile
south of Coalinga. Captain Barrett was
yesterday granted permission by the !
| Board of Supervisors to lay the line along i
the county road. It will b> nine miles in
length and large enough to convey a big
stream of oil. It will be the first pipe
line for the transmission of oil in the
county. No pumps will be required, as
the pipe will pG laid so as to tase advan
tage of the law of gravitation, the wells
being situated about TOO feet higher than I
the railroad. The company will deal ex- !
clusively in crude oil, and does not in- j
tend, for the present, at least, to build a !
rerinery. A ready sale for the petrolenm j
on board the cars.at Coalinga is expected, i
Captain Barrett is the principal owner j
of the new enterprise, lue stockholders
have invested considerable capital in it, j
and it is understood that Eastern capital- j
sts are also interested.
The Sunset Oil Company, which owns a j
tract of 1380 acres north of Alcaide, has j
begun work in earnest. A lot of new |
machinery arrived on the ground last ■
Saturday, and preparations are being made
to bore for oil. The company will start in
with a ten-inch drill, and will bore down
1000 feet. The machinery is the finest that
could be bought, and as soon as the derrick
that is being erected is in working order,
drilling will be commenced. A water
plant has already been put in. The
refinery in this city will start up soon.
New machinery will be added and its
capacity increased. It will manufacture
all the different products of petroleum,
and ihe company expects excellent returns
on its investment.
.
VINEYARDISTS DEFRAUDED.
Declare They Have Not Received Pay for
Crops Sold to a Certain
Buyer.
FRESNO. Cal., Jan. B.— A number of
I vineyardists in various portions of tbe
I county claim they have been bilked byL.
; E. Karr, and are talking of instituting
j criminal prosecution. The amounts out
! of which they were defrauded were Rmall,
I but they aggregate a considerable sum.
I Karr is at present in Riverside, engaged j
! in fulfilling an orange-picking contract.
Karr la in the business of picking fruit
{ by contract, devoting himself to grapes in
I this county in the summer and to oranges ;
j in the southern part of the State in the !
j winter. He confined nimteli mostly to
• the second crop of 'grapes while here.
• During the season just closed he bought
■ the crops in a number of vineyards in the ■
j county, agreeing to pay the owners when i
|he should get his returns from the
wineries. He would bring a large force of
men to pick the grapes and then haul the
i fruit awuv. Afier this he rarely returned I
j to settle with the owners of the vineyards, j
"When found and asfced for an explanation j
| he would invariably say that he had not
j yet received any returns.
Karr's operations here on this line are j
I said to have been quite extensive. They !
have not been confined to the season of j
1896 alone, but it is said that he failed to ,
| pay for the crops of several vineyards tbe
year before.
Karr had a large iorce of pickers in his I
j employ during the past season in this •
I county, and they had to take extreme
measures to get their wages. They had
j what they considered good reasons to
believe tlist he was trying to bilk them!
also; but if he had any such intention he;
was not successful in carrying it out. The |
settlement was effected a few weeks ago !
at the ranch of Mrs. Captain Smith, abouc j
five miles north of Sanger. The laborers j
took forcible possession of their employer !
and made him prisoner in an outbuilding.
They kept him there over night, and upon
his refusal to yield in the morning they
made preparations to give him a coating j
of tar and feathers. He then signed a
check for the men's wages.
A <tftn pfrti Suicide at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. B.— F. Benedetti,
an Italian who claims to live in San
Francisco, attempted to kill himself with
a knife in the Europa Hotel this morn
mp. He took a room in the hotel last
night. This morning he told the clerks
that some one was after him to kill him,
and that he would end his life before they
caught him. The police were notified,
and found Benedetti in his room, bleeding
from two deep cuts under the heart,
made with a jack-knife. He was taken to
ihe Receiving Hospital, and may live.
Suicltt* at La* Angeles.
LOS ANGELES Cal , Jan. B.— John
Ehrfcnaon, a blacksmith, 42 years ' old, j
committed suicide this afternoon, phoot
inc himtelf with a shotgun. Swanson
arose early this morning and taking his
gun loaded it with two cartridges, and
while he lay upon a bed braced the gun
against his knees, lay back on 3 pillow
and pulled the trigger, the muzzle of the
gQO being in his mouth.
/.•>« Anrflm tuti tor's Denth.
LOS ANGELES Cal., Jan. B.— Cha?e
Codori, editor of Phoenix, a weekly paper
published in the interest of liquor-dealers,
died this afternoon from peritonitis. A
few dnys ago, while attempting to board
a Southern I'aciiic train, at Nauds Junc
tion, Codori fell under tbo wheel?. His
right leg was so lacerated that it had to
be amputated.
—
Manker'a Ticket.'
Inthe pockets of the man found deadyesterdsy
near the Spring Valley Water Company's lake
was found a commutation ticket to Oakland
bem ing the name T. Masker, and punched last
in July.
SI "LITTLE LUMPS OF. SUGAR FOR THE BIRDS" j
ill ™
.y May be attractive enough in their way, but the average ffl
Ij , woman looks for something more tangible. BARGAINS j M
| f like we offer to-day come pretty near filling the bill — but JJ '
4i , you want to get around to-day between the special hours jik
\ ' specified if you want any. U 1
i THIS MOMIM FROM 9TO 12 O'CLOCK. J
X FANCY DRESS GINGHAMS, 5c a Yard. 0
ft About 50 pieces of them all told, mostly nil dark, rich colorings, in ft
>r Scotch Clan and fancy plaids and stripes; a regular 10c grade.
A SILK ELASTIC BELTS, 2pc Each. A
I Only about 5 dozen of them, so not more than one to a purchaser. The X
V elastic is a rich shade of navy blue, 3K inches wide, silk iront. Trie V
ft buckles are massive size, in silver, oxiuized and black finish; splenuid Q
V values at 75c apiece.
O "LA CIGALE" COMPLEXION SOAP, 15c Box. 6
O Our famous special brand of fine Toilet Soap that always sells for2">c a Q
JL box of 3 cak<*s, will be sold for three hours this mbrninj; at 15c a box. jT
C) ' Not more than two boxes to a purchaser. O
I THIS mm FROM 8 TO 10 O'CLOCK. jjj
ill LACE-EDGED VEILS, 10c Each. iii
Fancy Dotted and Plain Silk Veils, edged around three sides with vff
111 French Valenciennes Lace, full, liberal size, in black, navy-blue, brown 111
Ml and cream; were splendid value at 23c. One only to a purchaser. M*
ill FELT WALKING HATS, 33c Each. JJ,
i M FELT WALKING HATS, 33c Each.
\\ 11 Ladies' Stylish Felt Walking Shapes, trimmed with band and bow of i' f
silk ribbon, some with quills; shades are black, navy blue and seal 1
ill brown; former prices were up tosL 50 each. One only to a purchaser, |£|
$ TABLE DAMASKS, 39c a Yard. $
:jT The most wonderlvl linen value ever offered. They are heavy Scotch jT
O made goods, almost 72 incnes (2 yards) wide, and lovely large patterns ; O
X would be value at 75c a yard. .Not more than six yards to a purchaser. ft
| 9 TWO-CLASP WALKING GLOVES, 75c Pair. <$
! 0 The popular style at present. Heavy weight Kid Dress Gloves, over- Q
ft seam stitching and two dome wrist clasps; Tans and Reds in sizes s}^ ft
jT to 73^, White and Black in sizes 5}.-^ to 6%; alt have wide silk enibroid- jT
O ere d back; value at $1 25. Only one pair to a purchaser. O
T ALL-SILK RIBBONS, 8c a Yard. V
i V Purp Silk, Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons in Nos. 22 and 16, such shades V
' Q as pinK, light blues, cardinals, yellows, lilacs, greens, creams and other O
X popular shades among them ; value at -Oj and 25c a yard. Only live X
V yards to a purchaser. " V/
9. HEMMED HUCK TOWELS, B>c Each. SL
Tremendous value. The size is 36 inches long by 17 inches wide. Think
J , of such a linen towel, with pretty colored borders and hemmed edges ,i,
|»j at B}4c apiece; worth fully 15c. Not more than six to a purchaser. iS
Jii LADIES' WRAPPERS, 69c Each. in
ill The star bargain of the evening. Only 15 dozen of them, so bo on hand nf
i ill at 8 o'clock sharp. They're made of a heavy twilled cotton serge cloth Hi
Ml in lovely foulard patterns on dark grounds. The backs are full Wat- "M
I' l teau, the front gathered and fastened with a belt; lined to the waist; all ft '
sizes from 34 to 42; value $1 23 each. Only one to a purchaser.
• M ' — ■• '
** fpßQP&<sshz\K9JS&?**
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
I GREAT I
I OP THE ACE !
I A FAMILY Hi)
9 Which is an external and internal \\
£ remedy without an equal. X
! i NOT A HEW PREPARATION, BQT ORE 5
!! THAT HAS STOOD THE TfcST OF QVER !!
II A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. £
| Thousands of persons all |
I 1 over the United States j ;
"j ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- j ;
jj tin's Pain Curer and are jj
; ; never without it. <;
♦ i? ■ «
II o
<► The Curer la free from all injurious £
|| and poisonous properties, and is en- ' '
( 1 tirely vegetable in its composition. It X
<> tones up and strengthens the system, 5
1 I purifies the blood, expels bad matter . J
0 from the organs of the body generally, • S
< ' promotes digestion, regulates the appe- «►
§® tite and secures a healthy state of the 9
(I system and its varioms functions. Taken |,
* ' : occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦
1 I it keeps the mind cheerful and happy J J
( I by promoting healthful action of the J
* ' ' Btin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, $
' | bowels, l'^cr, kidneys, bladder, spleen, .9
( 1 spinal coSmn, and the whole nervous £
* ' system*' It is also especially always ♦
5" WOMAN'S FKIEND, and is unequaled 9
I FOR THE PREVENTION AND CURE I
• —OF— < I
I i ! Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains in . | j
< > .General, Bowel Complaints. Dys-. <>
* ' pepsin, I>y*eutf»ry, Cholera Mor- < I
1 1 bug. Diphtheria, 'Sore Throat, 1 1
o Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous o
O Complaints, Disease «.f the Slom- < I
) | ach and Bowels Generally, Liver X
* ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, A
1 1. Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, -II
{ ) Local and General Debility, Head- | .
* ' ache, Earache, • Toothache. Sick- 4 •
|; ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, '. 'I
1 I Swellings.* Boils, Sores, Ulcers, q
' ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Er -liscs, • >
)' Scalds, 'Wounds, Costiveness, In- $
| I digestion. Skin Diseases, Kxoes- J (
* ' siTe .Itchings and many other '-i ►
i , complaints too numerous to name > j '
9 here. In a word, the - great : Pain ; | )
i, Curer of the Age is an unequaled • ' >
4 , family remedy. |J
| j Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, *
/ >;/;• ' ' . 9
{ j ' L. 'CALLISCH, Wbokeale Agent fur ', [
a the Pacific Coast, Ssn Jose, CaL £
+ For sale by all druggists. The trade 4
fi supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <■>
$ ; A Co.'and Langley & Michaels. San ft
m Francisco. m
I NOTICE lITITUO SEALED PROPOSALS
I For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THK MAYOR AND COMMON* COUNCIL OF
the Ci y of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
; titled "An ordinance providing for the Issuance
j and sale of bonds of the City of s*an Jose." etc,
I passed ou tue 21at day of December, 1896, and
! approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
I ordained that there should be Issued by saM > itv
!of Ban Jose six hundred high ■ school building
I bonds, of the denomination (if £125 each, and four
■ hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
! each, both classes of bonds to benr interest at the
; rate of ii/j per cent uer annum, payable semi-
I annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
I and- directed the City Clerk of said city to give
j notice iavitlng proposals for the sale of said bonds,
I now therefore
I Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
I Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
', and that sealed proposals will be received at the
I office of said City Cleric, at the Clt7 if all in .San
' Jose, California, until the hour 01 eight o'clock
p. M., on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
: which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
' and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
! will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
: any part of said high school building and sewer
! bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
: date Juno 1. 1897. ana the interest thereon to bn
paid seml-annually on the first day if December
and the first, day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable In gold coin or
; lawful nfoney of the United Stales
' Saidhlzh school building bonds shall be num-
■ bered consecutively from one to six hun/ired, both
inclusive, and ba divided into forty series, num-
i bered consecutively irona one 10 torty, both In-
| elusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*;
the first neriiM is 10 Include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after thosa la-
eluded in (be next preceding series. . .
Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, bath inclusive,
and "b • divided into forty series numbered '•on-
secutlvely from one to forty, both Inclusive each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
1 series Is to include the ten bonds numbered co 1-
I secutively after those included in the next pre-
I ceding series.
I The first, series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds sh .ill be made payable
ou the first day of : June, I*9B. and one of (he re-
I maining series is to be made payable on the fir «t.
day of June in each succeeding ca < ndar year
' thereafter, 1 until and including the ye.r 1937.
i Seid bonds are to be made payable to th • order of
: the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
j said bonds there U to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of y a/a
! which such bond has to run before its maturity.
} Proposals must state the price offetcd, the descrip-
: tion of the bond* desired, and be accompan.ed by
! a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
| able to the order of the Mayor of said City, fur at
! least ten per cent of the amount bid, «aM client to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonus shall
i be paid in gold coin of the Untied Mutes within
> ninety days after notice of acceptance. Ihe ri, # l::
: to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all
I bids, or portions of bids, i-> hereby expressly re-
i served. J. W. COOK, City C.erk.
Dated January 3d, 1897.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The ,GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
j ■ opisx V>TLU mi>smuf. • . _
ELECTRIC; BSuTS
vJ _ ," - Are good thlnsrs if prop-
-v>.%ti -'\flteL-A— -•: - ■? i> 'rly made: but tl. ere is no
'SV\SffVi\lt*^?\*s>^.-; : -' sense in r ft y! n z a !ii^:i
! «mNV'jfcv^y^<W'?^'A price for a tlOOr " nlt ' le
B^f<^ "~ <^V^'>^S simply became some nd-
* fiBfe*~^©? l '''>lJlJ^i3wl veriisln? 1 ■quack ' de-
-1 TBUeSlrtefiSfHSlS?' n»aod* It Buy no Belt tilt
*ZF&££s&?^K?£-'' Jon «cc Dr. Tierce's.
' / «-w!S6s?,«S (fir EoA- Free Call or
. •V s(Kif in • . '< I)K. PIKKCE
li*rs & SO>*, 704 Skcrameuto
../»;. <^i { at , cor. Kearny, X b\
Branch Ofiice 640 Market st.. 8. F.
" COSMOFOIiIT
i Opposite U. R. Mint,. 103 and 102 fifth su, s»j
' Francisco, Cat. —The most select family hotoi li
; the city. I Board and room 91, *1 2& and $1 30 per
day, according to room. Meals 23c. Uojom SO*
and 76c a day. free couch to and from ms no:<u. |
Look for the coacil bearing tha uuuio of I the Cor
56
BATURDAY JANUARY 9. 1*97
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
Willm.lv Call, one year, by mull l«*0
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone ..iv.t;:?. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock. ..
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opeD
until 9 o'clock. -
2618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mntb street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 -Broadway.
I EASTERN OFFICE :
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Merit deserves to win.
Will the Examiner please copy?
There are questionable things in sight.
Why is the boodle organ a Perkins
organ ?
How did Senator Perkins acquire such
peculiar friends?
Why should not £.< Senator from Califor
nia have the California bpirit?
Doss the Record-Union know why the
Examiner is standing in with it?
Why do the friends of Mr. Shortridge
insist that merit deserves success?
Since the Senate is a debating body,
why object to an orator for the office?
Why didn't the Examiner send Wyatt
Eurp to Sacramento to referee the caucus?
Why does it irritate the Examiner and
Record-Union combination to say that
merit should win?
Is there nothing significant in the fact
tuat the Examiner has raised the cry of
bribery at Sacramento?
Why does the ''.Long Green" newspaper
assail the honesty of the Republican mem
bers of the Legislature?
Why does the Examiner correspondent
at Sacramento keep on wailing for a sight
of the 'Long Green" sack?
Why is it that every slanderer of Repub- I
lican members of the Legislature is op- j
posing Samuel M. Shortridge?
Why does every railroad organ and ;
every boodle newspaper oppose the elec
tion of Samuel M. Shortridge?
Is there a doubt that any Republican
could have the support of the lung-green
organ who would put up the stuff?
Why docs the boodle organ of the slums
appeal again and again for Colonel Ma*
zuma to show himself at Sacramento?
For what reason does the $30,C00 faker
bo frequently remind Mr. Perkins, the
millionaire, that money will win at Sac- !
ramento?
Does any Republican believe that the '
Democratic organ desires the Republican j
party to have a strong representative in |
the Senate?
Why are the supporters of Mr. Short- j
ridge called on to defend the honor of Re- I
publican legislators and refute attacks j
upon them?
Why are the opponents of Mr. Short
r dee trying to rush the Senatorial con
test to a hasty finish without giving time
for deliberation?
Why does the Democratic organ of Mr. j
Perkins insist, day after day, that Per- |
kins' friends in the Legislature are wait- <
ing to be bribed?
Why does the Examiner, after having ;
been cut off from the Southern Pacific
payroll, now grind the same tune as the j
Southern Pacific organ?
If Senator Perkins were not losing favor
with Republicans why should his mud
llingers assert that Republican legislators
are being bribed to leave him ?
Why is it that a newspaper known to |
have been subsidized by the Southern Pa- •
cine is now howling out "A sack ! a sack ! \
a sack ! Oh, for a sack, ye gods
How did a Republican candidate for the I
United Stages Senate come to get the sup- \
port of a newspaper managed by a man of '
the reputation of "Long Green" Law
rence ?
Here is a sign of the times: "To — A j
double-barrel organ labeled Record-Union, I
with a stuffed bear attachment marked
Examiner ; a good fake. Apply at either
office." _
As the Examiner has copied several ai ti- I
dcs from The Call it is pertinent to in
quire why it has not copied the articles !
pointing out its affiliations with the rail
road organs?
~*
Why do the opponents of Samuel M. I
Shortridge find it necessary to try to ridi- j
cule the idea that a United States Senator :
should be an. orator of learning, ability I
and eloquence?
When Randolph of Roanoke denounced I
the combination in politics of the Puritan i
with the blackleg he was prophesying the
Examiner-Record- Union, but he didn't do
justice to the subject.
What did the Sacramento correspond-!
ent of the Examiner mean by saying, "a
few thousands judiciously distributed
might worry Senator Perkins a good
deal?" Was it a bid for the stuff ?
What was the long-green manager of
the lately subsidized Examiner aiming at
when he instructed his man at Sacra- j
mento to write: "There is a hope that j
Perkins might be forced to meet bribery i
with bribery and make legislative busi- j
ness good" ? . t
m Why did the Examiner say yesterday :
"These ice-water campaigns of the Sen- I
ator do not warm the heart of the lobby.
The wolfish ' 'push' longs for the dear
old days when it was a poor sort of a man
.. who couldn't pass out a long-green bill in
payment for a drink."
THE SENATORIAL CONTEST.
The first week of the legislative session is practically over. It 3 main feature and
subject of absorbing interest has been the Senatorial contest, wherein the respective
claims of Samuel M. Shortridge and of George C. Perkins have been put forward for
j the oilice of United States Senator, and during which there has been made apparent the
| methods of each candidate and his friends in making their canvass for legislative favor.
In the case of.Sumuel M. Shortridge he has been brought forward upon his merit
I alone, and his election has been urged upon the ground that he is in all respects the
best-qualified candidate for the place. It has been shown to the public and to the
j members of the Legislature that be possesses the talent, the learning, the eloquence,
} the intimate knowledge of public affairs— and especially of the political and commer
! cial rights and needs of California— which the State most urgently requires in its
! Senator at the present time.
It has been further made plain to the Republican mem berar of the Legislature
I that Mr. Shortridge has the fullest esteem and confidence of the leaders of his party
i and of the great mass of its members all over California, and particularly in those
' sections of the State where his eloquent voice has been heard in many campaigns
j on behalf of Republican principles and Republican success.
The assertion of the eminent fitness of Samuel M. Shortridge for Senator arising
out of his possession of these qualities and of both party and popular esteem has not
been controverted from any respectable source, and stands as undenied as it is hon
estly undeniable. On all sides it is conceded that he is the man for the place
who, when chosen a Senator, would by his exercise of the office reflect back glory and
horn r upon the State which displayed the wisdom of its judgment in honoring him.
The candidacy of Samuel M. Shortridge has been conducted upon the theory
that merit should win in such a contest. It has not been made upon the line of
abuse, vilification or ridicule of the opposing candidate, nor has it ever been allowed
to descend to the cheap political tactics throueh which small men see their only hope
of success. No attempt was made by Mr. Shortridge or his many friends to secure
ex-parte pledges of legislative candidates to his support long; before their election and
| when loyal Republicans were engaged in nobler enereiea for the success of their party
in a most arduous campaign.
Neither was there any effort made to rush the members of the Legislature
into a hasty and insufficiently attended caucus or to make the ridiculous
insistence that either the entire body of the Republicans or those who
were dragooned into attending such an alleged caucus were bound thereby.
Neither, it may be remarked, is Mr. Shortridge being supported for this
important political position by the Democratic newspapers of Cali
fornia. His candidacy throughout has been the clean, honorable and dignified
canvass of the claims of a gentleman who has the commendable ambition to be
presented upon his merits for the high office of United States Senator to the people
of California and to their representatives in legislative session assembled. Can the
opponent of Samuel M. Sbortridge say as much?
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
The Examiner has made Us reports of the Senatorial contest at Sacramento an
incessant clamor about bribery. It has declared that money is to be used and that
money must be used. It has stated in plain terms that Republican members of the
Legislature professing to be friendly to Senator Perkins are only waiting to be bribed
to leave him. It has insisted that the candidate who does not put money into the
fight will lose, and has warned Senator Perkins that he must be more lavish with his
coin.
It is not necessary to review the reports of the whole week to stee the course
the Examiner is pursuing. The single issue of yesterday contained enough to
show its tactics. In its correspondence from Sacramento it stated: "Perkins will be
elected on the first ballot unless there is an arrival of more of those thousand-dollar
bills. Some ot them have arrived during the past forty-eight hours, but not enough to
turn the trick." A little further on it is said : "A few thousands judiciously distrib
uted might worry Senator Perkins a good deal." And again it is asserted: "The ru
mor of the arrival of money in the Shortridge camp passes from mouth to mouth, and
should Colonel Mazuma really put in a prosperous appearance he would be welcomed
with effusiveness.''
For fear that Senator Perkins might fail to understand even such plain language
as that, or refuse to take the hint, the correspondent goe3 further, lie proceeds to
talk straight, "There is," he says, "a hope that Perkins might be forced to meet
bribery with bribery and make legislative business good." Growing bolder and more
shameless yet he adds, "These ice-water campaigns of the Senator do not warm the
heart of the lobby. The wolfish 'push.' longs for the dear old days when it was a poor
sort of man who couldn't pass out a long green bill in payment for a drink." Finally
he puts tne question direct: "Can Perkins be worried 'into selling a ship? 1 "
That every implication in these woras, whether direct or by innuendo, is false
goes without saying. The source from which they come raises a suspicion of their
falseness and all the circumstances of the situation confirm it. Samuel M. Shortridge
is not a rich man. He could not, even if he would stoop to such a thing, make a
money fight against a millionaire backed by the railroad organs and the boodle papers
of the State, and therefore, presumably, backed by the railroad itself. His reliance
is upon his merits, the honesty of the Republican majority in the Legislature and the
general desire of the people to have California represented in the Senate by a man
capable of upholding her interests in debate and argument.
The falseness of the aspersions being thu9 evident the question recurs as to
their meaning ana intent. Will men lie simply for the sake of lying? Can the
Examiner, which professes to support Senator Perkins, believe it is helping the cause
when it declare* that the men who are expected to vote for him are bribe-seekers
waiting to sell out to the highest bidder? These questions carry their answers with
them. Certainly if Senator Perkins has prompted these attacks upon the men whose
votes he seeks he is a most unworthy Republican; an>l with equal certainty if the
Examiner, without his connivance, has made them from no motive but a desire to
help him it is the greatest marplot of modern politics.
We have no explanation to offer of this peculiar course of the Democratic organ of
a Republican candidate. We can do no more than state the facts. Of coarse the
Sacramento correspondent wonld never have dared to make these attacks upon the
legislators on his own responsibility. He was acting under instructions from the
manager of the paper, and that manager is a man whose character can be judged
from his familiar name of "Long Green" Lawrence. Another circumstance which
may throw some light on the attacks is the fact that the Exaviiner in t us instance is
working in hearty accord with the Record-Union of Sacramento, the well-known organ
of tne Southern Pacific Company. The legislators have just passed resolutions de
nouncing the funding bill. Will it not be most gratifying to the railroad lobby to be
able to co before Congress and show by the Examiner that the men who adopted those
resolutions are a gang of boodle hunters seeking for bribes?
We repeat we have no solution of the problem to offer. It is only right, however,
that we should say for the benefit of Senator Perkins that these warnings of his organ
that he must put up more money are in the hiehest cegree suspicious. The state
ments that he must meet "bribery with bribery"; that his supporters are tired of an
"ice-water campaign"; that he must put up the "long green" to satisfy the "wolfish
push," sound very much like an attempt on the part of the Examiner to work him for
all he is worth, even to the extent of worrying him "into selling a ship."
DO the Republican members
'of the legislature imagine
I that the overzealous advocacy
! of* Mr. Perkins* election to
' the United. State** Senate" by
i the leading Democratic news.
! paper of California is actu
; ated by the Examiner's devo
| tion to the Republican party
or l>v its desire to have that \
' party choose its best-qualified I
i candidate ,to the ollice of
| Senator? ■-'••■. .
Does any one suppose that i
the 1-3 xn miner is really de- |
j si i-ous of strengthening , the |
j Republican party in Cali- j
j fornia by having it send its j
{ strongest and ablest man to j
I the Senate? If this is not the i
; motive for the Examiner^ in- j
i terest in Mr. Perkins' elec
tion, -will * some one please j
arise and explain to our Re
| publican legislature what its
| motive really is?
MINING INTERESTS.
The reasons submitted by Assemblyman
C. D. Fontana in The Call to-day for the
appointment of a skilled miner from the
center ot the mining industry of the State
to the chairmanship of the Comcaittee on
Mines will commend themselves to every
thoughtful man. The committee will be
very important, but the chairman will be
doubly important. It will be he who will
direct the worK of the committee. For
tlsis reabon he should be a man Informed
not only theoretically but practically, and
who has virtually grown up in the mines.
California is tasing a great step forward
in the development of her gold mines.
No argument is necessary to convince the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
average reader of tbe newspapers that for
a good vriiile past Ifte attention of the
mining world has been turned toward this
State. The reasons for vbis are many.
In the first place it does not appear that
any other country has developed so many
really meritorious mines as California. In
other wordi.no oher region has zold
more plentiful or more richly distributed,
and, allowing for the exaggerations inci
dent to all booms, it is extremely doubtful
if there has ever been a country that could
equal tliis. *
Ttris applies to Johannesburg and Cool
. gardie, to the mines of South America and
to those of all other countries where gold
excitements have occurred, and which are
I familiar to all persons who are posted on
j mining. But besides having the richest of
! mines tbe State has so mild and congenial
I a climate that in many places eyen the
I citrus fruits, the olive and not infrequently
I the fig, will grow and flourish in the very
j mining claim where th« owner delves.
Nor is this all. Unlike South Africa,
which has to get its mining timbers from
Puget Sound, or Coolgardie, which
j obliged to transport both water and tim
! ber by rail tor hundreds of miles, there
i is in California the lmest water and tbe
most magnificent timber, In most cases
immediately on the mining ground. If it
is not on the ground it is almost certain
to be so close that practically it is the
same thing.
Besides this, the railroads in many
cases can in a few hours transport the
miner from any of the cities or towns at
or near the Pacific seaboard to hia mine.
If he cannot go all the way there by raii
be can almost do it. There is little or
no staging. Hundreds of miles of desert
do not nave to be traversed. One other
great advantage may be mentioned, and
that is that the Caiifornian here is under
his own laws. «
Because of the great opportunity for
mining in California the London Explora
tion Company is investing heavily here.
Ex - Senator Dorsey, representing other
British capital, has bought mines. Fred
Branding and others, of France, are de
veloping great mines in Trinity County.
Capitalists from New York, from the min
ing regions of Colorado and Montana, and
other parts of Europe than those enumer
ated are buying mines here.
It is evident, therefore, that gold
mining here is to cut a greater fieure
than ever before. Already a number of
important bills affecting it are being pre
pared for introduction before the Legis
lature. One will ask for an appropriation
in the interest of hydraulic mining; an
other for $100, COO for a home for aged ana
sick miners. It is probable*also an appro
priation will be asked for a dredger for the
Sacramento River, if the farmers desire it.
There should, in view of the tremendous
importance of gold-mining and the legis
lative interests it has at stake, be a thor
oughly practical miner as chairman of the
Committee on Mines and Mining. He
should come, too, from the heart of the
mining region.
DEBPEBATE TAOTIOS.
The Sacramento correspondent of the
San Francisco Post stated in his letter of
yesterday : "Perkins 1 managers have made
good all their pieaictiona. At no stage of
the contest have they fooled themselves,
and it seems hardly likely that they
would at the last moment depart from
their well-established policy."
Having laid down that proposition the
Post correspondent proceeds to admit that
Perkins has not a sufficient Republican
vote to elect him and that the boast that
Caminetti would vote for him is un
founded, but adds that the Perkins men
have still great hopes of Democratic aid.
How this aid is to be given can be best
explained by the words of the correspond
ent himself. He says:
There is one way in which the Democrats
may serve Perkins and that is by remaining
away. The law provides that in order to
secure election the successful candidate must
get a majority of those present and voting. It
is evident, then, that if the at tendance is re
duced by absent Democrats Perkins will gain
in proportion.
To this degree then has all th« arro
gance of the Perkins leaders fallen. All
the proud talk of electing Air. Perkins on
the first ballot by Republican votes has
ceased. There is no longer a claim that
he will be elected on the first ballot, or
that he will be elected by Republican
votes at all. Even the assertion that Dem
ocrats would vote for him has been
silenced. His managers are reduced now
to the scheme of electing him by inducing
Democrats and Populists to be absent
when the vote is taken. To this low level
has the lofty insolence of Monday been
brought before the week is over.
With such plain evidence oi failing
strength it is not to be wondered that the
Perkins managers are trying their best to
rush things. The deliberation of one
week has brought them to the condition
of making terms with any stray Democrat
or Populist whom in their iniquity they
hope to induce to serve their ends by
neglecting one of the most serious duties
of his office. Between now and Tuesday
even this hope will have vanished, and
nothing will be left them but to follow the
example of the Examiner and raise the cry
of bribery, coercion, bulldozing, arson and
bloody murder.
The right of each member of the Legis
lature to vote for the candidate ot his
honest choice is unquestioned. If Demo
crats and Populists choose to vote for a
Republican rather than to give a compli
mentary vote to one of their own party
they have the right to do so. They have
no right, however, to stuy away from the
hall on election day in order that the vic
tory may go to a candiaate whom they
would not vote for. That would be an
evasion of duty of which, we believe, no
member of the Legislature will be gnilty.
It is fortunate that the Post has made
public this last scheme of the Perkins
manager?. It puts legislators on their
guard. It gives them due notice that they
must be present and voting when the
election of Senator takes place. Let every
legislator remember. The Perkins man
agers boast they have never been fooled.
Let it be proven they are fools in making
calculations on presumptions of baseness
in the legislators they hoped to keep away
from the hall on election day.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
To-morrow's edition of The Call will
contain among its multitude of features
one wnich will be read with deeD interest
and appreciation not only in California
but wherever, in this broad land, the re
markable events in the careers of great
Americans are regarded with due honor
and respect. "The episode described in
The Sunday Call ib for the first time
given to the world. The scene of tnat
episode is the city by the Golden Gate,
and the chief actor therein is a man whose
memory is embalmed in the hearts of all
patriots and whose name will live as long
as the grandest achievements in tbe his
tory of the Nation thrill loyal readers
with their splendor and their Rlory. The
article is entitled "Ten Years From
Penury to Fame," and it is a valuable
contribution to a life-story that is incom
plete in its absence. That article alone is
worth the price of the paper and it will be
copied from one end of tbe continent to
tbe other. It is the story of the day and
nobody should miss it.
"The Location of Life" is a weird story
of the work of a bold investigator. It re
lates to the scientific search for the seat of
intelligence in man and the novel ex
ploitation in the field of material physics
will be of rare concern to hosts of readers.
Tbe "New Way to Maka Men Breathe"
treats of the discovery of a parfect method
of producing artificial respiration.
Wheelmen generally will want to read
the first description of the proposed mag
nificent bicycle palace, a tribute to the
winged wheel winch will be one of the
magnitudinous works of the dawn of the
twentieth century.
There will be a variety of attractive
literary articles, serious as well as humor
ous, and beside? all thiß the different de
partments will ba rich in timely reading.
Fashions, Society, Childhood's Realm,
Books aud Bookmakers, Whist, etc., all
have pages full of enjoyable and instruc
tive matter, appropriate to the several
subjects.
The Sunday Call ably sustains its
reputation as the best Californian literary
and news publication.
The British biinetallists are preparing
to give Senator Wolcott a cordial reception
and it is reported the Government is
willing to make important concessions on
the silver question. The outlook for the
Senator's mission is therefore encouraeing
and it may prove to be successful even
beyond his expectations.
By the proposed charter of Greater New
York all ex-Mayors of the city are to have
the privilege of a seat in the Municipal
Council without the privilege of votinar,
which is equivalent to eiving them a part
in all football games with the privilege of
yelling but no right to kick.
The Democratic organ of Senator Per
kins has instructed its correspondents at
Sacramento to assert every day that Re
publican members of the Legislature are
corrupt, dishonest, bribe-seeking boodlers.
For what purpose was that done?
Letters From the People.
GERMAN MUNICIPALITY.
Immense Practical ' Jietults Achieved
With Limited .Resource*.
To the Editor of Ike San Francisco Call— Sir:
Mayor Phelan's timely address to the new
Board of Supervisors on assuming the respon
sibilities ol ; his high office has happily drawn
public attention to i the anomalous condition
of our . municipal affairs . and > suggested in
cautious and conservative -: terms ; possible
remedial measures " tor. the abatement of
notorious and insufferable abuses. The retir
ing Mayor, Mr.Sutro, in much bolder terms
poiu ted out methods for the recovery jof the
City from the control of the corporations and
the plunder of boodiers— legacy perchance
of his two years of experience as the chief offi
cer of the City. Timidity will ■ hardly be
charged as the - cause of the conservatism of
the younger man before whom lie possibilities
for usefulness and distinction which rarely
come to a young man so favorably situated as
Mr. Phelan lor attaining the objects of a
worthy ambition. A wise caution rather than
a weak timidity undoubtedly induced the in
coming Mayor not to awaken hopes which he
may not | see clearly how to transform into
noble achievements. And yet the public ex
pects much of Major Phelan.
By all for all, by the municipality for all it
stands for, is the higher law which has been
revealed through experience, for the regula
tion "and management of ' public affairs in
modern cities. As Mr. Bliss has said so aptly,
'•We have minimized the functions of the city
and exalted that of the private corporation."
As the natural and Inevitable result he truth
fully and fearlessly . asserts that "American
cities are almost universally a disgrace as com
pared with the cities of England and Germany
and France." L?t 'us turn for a brief glance
at the German municipality. Under one of
the most rigid imperial governments in recent
times city government in Germany puts to
shame pretensions of our American cities. . -
The cities 01 Germany, like those of France,
and to a large extent those of Great Britain,
are governed by a general system of munici
pal laws, with only slight modifications or ad
ditions in a few localities. This municipal
code has grown up by gradual evolution and
has finally become a successful working sys
tem. Space will not permit me to analyze it,
though it is simple in structure and readily
understood. The one great underlying prin
ciple in all cases is the municipal management
of all i public interests, generally through
municipal ownership, and always by absolute
subordination to municipal authority of all
the public utilities, every one of which is inado
a liberal producer of revenues with which to
pay for public improvements and provide
salaries for officials and public employes. Any
abuse of the private corporate privileges either
in excessive charges for service, in debauch
ing officials or failure to pay liberally in return
for the use of their franchise toward the sup
port of the municipal government is sure to
result in public ownership and the total ex
tinction of the private corporation. '
One of the most distinguishing features of
German municipal government is the length
of the tenure of office of the few elected officials
and the large number of important offices
filled by trained men under the civil service
system, which removes the administration a£
municipal affairs almost entirely out of the
domain of politics. Albert Shaw, in "Munici
pal Government in Europe," page 319, in
forms us that ''the Mayors of Munich, Leipsic,
Dresden, Hanover, Stuttgart. Chemnitz and
various (smaller cities are life incumbents,
while those of Berlin, Breslau, Cologne, Ma"g
deburg, Frankfort, Konigsburg, Dusseidorf
and numerous other places are chosen for
twelve-year terms." There are no wild strug
gles by "de push" and. the corporations, as in
San Francisco every two years, in order to
capture the city government and use the law
to plunder the public and rob it of valuable
franchises which in a few years make the
holders millionaires at the expense of the
municipality.
As staled by Mr. Shaw, "There are no limits
whatever to the municipal functions in Ger
man conceptions of city government. It is
the business of the municipality to promote
in every possible way its own welfare and the
welfare of its citizens." It even "holds itsell
responsible for providing amusement and the
means of recreation." Indeed, "municipal
life in Germany has been reduced to a
science." Utility is the watchword. On page
339 we learn that Berlin has even turned its
drainage works, like its water works and gas
works, into a productive enterprise. "The
fertilizing value of the sewage is so great, and j
the administration of the municipal farms,
embracing an area of thirty square miles, is i
so superb that within a very few years the in
vestment, which cost 30,000,000 marks, will
have . become enormously profitable." Con
trast this with the enormously expensive and
wasteful jabbing methods of San Francisco.
Page 343— "A1l . German cities, with a few
unimportant exceptions, now own and operate
water works which earn profits of 10 to 15 per
cent on investments." Page 345— "As a. rule
the streets of German cities, with the new
smooth paving, are kept in a state of enviable
cleanliness.' Berlin's thoroughfares are
scrubbed and swept continually at a cost of
less than $500,000 a year." Does San Fran
cisco hear? "It has also become the prevail
ing practice in German cities to make the re
moval and disposal of domestic ashes and
garbage a municipal function.". Page 346—
"So fur as I am aware, Dresden is the most fas
tidiously clean of all the German cities. It
extends the uniform daily cleansing to a large
area." "If I should name the small sums lor
which Hamburg, Dresden, Bremen, Dussei
dorf, Essen and other cities obtain these re
sults," saj s Mr. Shaw, "Americans would not
be.i.-ye me."' The hou*ing problem comes
next in order. Joseph Asbttry Johnson.
11 Essex street, January 6, 1897.
DECEPiiVE APPEARANCES.
'Tis wrong to judge by :oo*s alone,
As much in nature shows;
The ereateat warrior may not have
Tbe largest Komaa iiose.
The her ip that has tbe longest legs
.May not be very fast:
And i in -ii, you know, the Bible says,
The lirst ones (hall be last.
Beneath the fiercest visage there
May be a quaking heart.
An i he that looks so meek and mild
May merely play a part.
Hence, don't misjudge theman who wears
A tii- of flaming red:
His wire may buy his ties for him—
If so, enough is said. —Cleveland Leader.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Captain and Master— T. M., City. From a
nautical standpoint tlie commander of a mer
caant ship is the master, who by courtesy is
denominated the captain. No one is entitled
to the title of captain of a ship unless ho ob
tains a commission conferring it upon him.
In the United States navy the master of a ves
sel is the line officer next below a lieutenant
and navigates the ship under the direction of
the captain. Commanders of merchant ves
sels sigu as master and noi as captain.
Legal Holidays— Subscribers, Murphj-, Cal
averas County, Cal. The lecal holidays in
California are: Every Sunday; January 1,
New Year's day; February 22, Washington's
birthday; May 30, Memorial day; July 4, In
dependenco day ; second Tuesday in July of
even-numbered years; primary election day.
which reiers to San Francisco and Los Angeles
only; September 9, Admission day; first Mon
day in October, Lubor day; Tuesday next suc
ceeding first Monday in even-numbered year-,
general election day ; the fourth Thursday in
November, Thanksgiving day; December 25,
Christmas day. These days have been de
clared legal holidays by the Legislature of the
State. As a rule business transacted on these
days is not legal.
Artificial Silk— A. T. A., City. Yes, there
is artificial silk. Works for the manufacture
of this article have been established at Besan
con, France, and Sprietenbach, Switzerland.
The process is in principle as follows: Wood,
corresponding to the mulberry leaves eaten by
the silkworm, is first worked into a paste,
then dipped in nitric and sulphuric acids,
dried, and plncc-d in a bath of ether or alco
hol at 90 degrees. The result is a kind of glue
or collodion, wtiieh is subjected to high pres
sure in strong metal cylinders and expressed
through pipes, being forced out through small
orifices in the form of threads. These are so
fine that six of them have to be twisted to
gether before winding on the spool. The silk
iiiiis mHtle is rendered incombustible and the
.skeins me thrown into ammonia to neutralize
the acids.
Kate Field's Writings— M. J., West Berke
ley, Alarueda County, C»l. All that the late
Miss Kate Field wrote ior publication has not
been preserved for future generations to read,
as much was for the daily papers and was
published anonymously. Much of what she
wrote was of the character described by Judge
Hunt In his eulogy of the late J. Ross Jack
sou: "The best work of newspaper writers is
as ephemeral as smoke In the air or foam upon
the wave. The spun of its existence is com
passed by a single day and the print, however
precious, scarcely survives the issue of the
paper that bore it." Still there are a number
of her writings that have been published and
are to be had in the libraries or through the
booksellers. In the list are "Plancbette's
Diary" (1868), "Adelaide Ristori" 1I868),
"Mad on Purpose," a comedy (1868). "Pen
Photographs of Charles Dickens' Headings"
(1868) "Haphazard" (1873). "Ten Days in
Spain (1875), and "History of Bell's Tele
phone" (1878). ■■■'■ ■ -■■ ,
The Vatican-S. D., City. The Vatican
which adjoins the basilica of St. Peter's, be
came the residence of the Pope in 1378, after
the return of Pope Urban VI Jrom Avignon, It
was built at a very early period, as there is a
record of such a residence in the days of Char
buildings, occupies a space °V/ S °* la y ™
feet ana has twenty courts and.it is i *--
rooms. The Sala Regina, used as an a^wuce
room, has on its walls many paintings . many
of them by famous masters. ™neipal i among
these is Michael Angelas "Last Judgment
and -Conversion of St. Paul.." There are also
pictures by Raphael, Gulio Romano and
their scholars. The library, though , sur
passed in the number of volumes. is unrivaled
in Europe in extent, and the Vatican,
beauty of proportions and in decorations, the
galleries of antiquities, Christian and pagan,
and of paintings, statuary, bronzes, medals,
vases and other objects of art, is unrivaled.
The libraiy was opened for historical re
searches by Leo XIII in 1883 under certain
conditions. ______________
PERSON A L.
Rev. Dr. A. L. Neyer of Los Angeles is In the
City.
General Mason of Bakersfield is on a visit
here.
Assemblyman G. Carr of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
Dr. YV. C. Reid and Mrs. Reid of Nevada are
at the Buss.
E. R. Williams of Orange is among the ar
rivals at the Russ.
David Dollor of Markham is among the re
cent arrivals here.
Supervisor Thomas F. Savage of Los Angeles
County is in town.
W. B. Sanford of Fruitvale is among the ar
rivals at the Palace.
Dr. J. F. Summers of Fresno is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
District Attorney Carl E. Lindsay of Santa
Cruz arrived here yesterday.
W. C, Leonard and Mrs. Leonard of Albu
querque, N. Mex., are In the City.
Ex- Judge S. F. Geil ot Salinas arrived here
last night and is at the Occidental.
Mrs. G. V. Galer and family of Seattle are
staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Paul Weil, a business man of New Orleans, is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
William B. Matthews of the United States
Geological Survey is at the Occidental.
Ex-District Attorney W. D. Touffer of Fresno
County is one of the late arrivals here.
A. W. Simpson, the wealthy lumber manu
facturer of Stockton, is here on a business trip.
Thomas E. Ladner, a well-to-do resident of
Los Gatos, is here, accompanied by Mrs. Lad
ner.
E. W. Brigham of Hartford, Conn., arrived
here yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Brig
ham.
Professor Earl Barnes, tho distinguished
educator of Stanford University, is at the
Grand.
O. E. Leonard, one of the pioneers of Law
rence, Kans., is visiting this City, and is at the
Grand.
J. A. Anderson and wife of Benicia are
among the recent arrivals at the Cosmo
politan.
C. C. Eaton, a well-known commercial man
of Sacramento, arrived yesterday at the Cos
mopolitan.
Frank A. Sebert, one of the substantial resi
dents of Tucson, Is in the City, accompanied
by his wife.
William Steinbeck, owner of a large flouring
mill at Hollister, is in town. He is registered
at the Grand.
Thomas H. Lynch, who is connected with
the raisin business near Fresno, is here on a
business trip.
Fred T. Duhring, an attorney of Sonoma,
who is also interested in the banking busi
ness, is at the Occidental.
Tr.onias Y. Gerdier of Washington, D. C,
who is connected with the United States Geo
logical Survey, is in the City.
City Councilman E. C. Adams of Fresno ar
rived from the raisin center yesterday and is
staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among yesterday's arrival at the Palace was
the following prominent party from Tacoma:
Mrs. Chester Thomas, Mrs. Hoxie and Dr.
Grant L. Hix.
E. B. Kittle, an electrician of New York who
has a small contract tn this City in connection
with one ot the largest buildings now being
erected, is a late arrival at the Palace.
S. R. Chappel, formerly traveling auditor of
the Southern Pacific Company, has been pro
moted to the position of local freight (gent,
with headquarters at Fourth and King streets.
General John H. Dickinson is to be given a
dinner to-morrow at noon In Sausallto by the
Pacific Yacht Club. There is expected to be a
large attendance, including a number of
ladies.
Among the arrivals at the Russ are David
Spitz and R. T. Kimball, of Bait Lake City, who
have been for some time in Arizona, where
they have mining interests. Both gentlemen
are well to do.
Ex-Justice Dante R. Prince of Fresno is
among the arrivals here. He says business is
improving somewhat in Fresno and the out
look is growing better. The ex-Justice is a
native of Mariposa County and went to Fresno
a number of years a<ro.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific Company, who had been confined to his
home by illness for a few weeks, was about
yesterday and paid a visit to his office, though
he did not attempt to attend to any business.
He expects to be back at his post next week.
CALIFORNIANb iN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— At the St.
Cloud— W. U. Harris ; Hoffman- C. Fredericks,
L. Wagoner; Gilsey — J. Follis; Holland— X.
Maddox; Manhattan— W. C. Ralston. Mme. de
Cortez left the St. Cloud to sail on tbe Kaiser
Wilhelm II for Genoa.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Chapley— Poor Weston! You know, he is
color blind?
Booz— Yes; well?
Chapley— He's fallen In love with a poster
girl.— Philadelphia North American.
Boastful New Englander — Bat you can't
deny that the pilgrim lathers blazed the way
to all the greatness of our Nation.
Westerner— Blazed the way? Yes, by burn
ing witches— Detroit News.
f he— You seem to forget yourself, sir.
He— How could I do otherwise in your pres
ences—Judy.
She— l think I might love you more ii you
were not so extravagant.
He— lt's my extravagant nature that makes
me love you so.— Life.
Ethel (weeping)— l took a leap-year chance
and offered Charley my heart and hand on
Christmas.
Agnes— And he refused you?
Ethel— Y-y-yes; he said he didn't telleve
people.should give expensive presents.—bos
ton Traveler.
Maude— l'll never marry a clergyman, for
he's always about the house; and I won't
marry a newspaper man because he's out the
greaisr part of the time.
Harriet— Why not make a compromise?
Maude— l can't; there's* no compromise be
tween good and evil.— Adams Freeman.
"I am sorry that Miss Bankum is out. You
won't forget to mention that I called?"
"No, indade. sor. Oi'll run roiglu up an 1
-tell her now."— Chattanooga Times.
"Uncle Simon, what is a phenomenon?"
"A phenomenon is a man who gets so rich
that he won't accept a pass on the railroad."—
Chicago Record.
She— What charming teeth Mrs. Hlghseahasl
He— You flatter me. madam.
She— Oh! pardon; you are her husband?
He— Oh! no; only her dentist— Clips.
The Doctor— You'll be all right soon.
The Victim— Glad to hear it, doctor. Td
hate to die just now, when I've only had the
wheel three weeks.— Nsw York World.
He— How the blithering blazes did my shav
ing brush get full of gand, I want to knowf
She— Oh, some must have accidentally got
into It when I was using it to lather my bicvele
tire to find where the puncture was.—lndian
apolis Journal.
"But what does your mother say when you
tell those dreadful lies?' 1
"She says I take after father."— Boston Trav
eler.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
George Parsons Lathrop has joined Augus
tin Daly's business staff as press agent.
Bishop Ellicott of Bristol and Gloucester,
who is 78 years of age, has taken to the bi
cycle.
Prince Hohenlohe, the imperial chancellor,
will celebrate his golden wedding on Febru
ary 16.
President Cleveland will be GO years Old two
'weeks after the expiration of his present term
of office.
Jean de Reszke, the famous tenor, is a rich
man, and is said to have made $95,000 on his
racing stable alone last year. His artistic
career has been crowned with enough achieve
ments to satisfy any man.
Miss Helen Gladstone, daughter of the
"Grand Old Man," hag given up the principal
ship of Newnham College, Oxford, which she
has held for fifteen years, in order to remain
with her father and mother.
Lady Hoberton, the apostle of dress reform
in EngJand, is the wife of the Viscount oi that
name. She is described as "a weird-looking
lady, who parts her hair on one side, scorns
corsets and belongs to the Pioneer Club."
George Ebers has written another long novel
called "Barbara Blomberg. " The scene is
Regensburg in the sixteenth century; the
heroine the mistress of Emperor Charles V
aud mother of Don Juan de Austria, the victor
of Lepanto.
The late Mr. Abbey, who had many business
dealings with Madame Sarah Bernhardt, and
directed several of her longest tours througn
the United States, once said that of all the
actresses he had ever known she was the most
generous-hearted.
Mr. Swinburne's mother, who was buried in
the lovely little cemetery of Bonchurch re
cently, was a very charming and delightful
woman. Even at her advanced age— she was
considerably over 80— she preserved a keen in
terest in literature and art.
The Empress of Germany ordered at Lyons
some white silk, with flowers, birds and foliage
in relief, at $1 20 a yard, five-sixths of the
price boing the actual value of the raw silk.
She intended to make a dress of it, but it was
so beautiful she used it as a curtain.
Alfred C. Harmsworth is called the young
Napoleon of English journalism. He is only
30 and has been in business but eight years.
He is the proprietor of eighteen journals, four
of them dailies, two of which are London
dallies and tho rest weeklies. His fortune,
which he made himself, is estimated at a num
ber of millions of dollars.
DBAPTS ALWAYS HONORED,
How Naval Paymasters Obtain Fund*
In I'oreigii Ports.
The cost of running a ship of war is
enormous. To keep a first-class cruiser
like the New York in commission means
an expense of $1500 a clay, including the
pay of officers and men. Yet it is not un
common for a warship to start for a for
eign port with hardly a penny in money.
This is a matter of no importance, inas
much as nocatsh can be spent on the way
over, and as much as may be needed can
be got at once on reaching the other side.
On arrival the paymaster on board the
ship makes out a bill of exchange on Lon
don, which is drawn to the order of the
commanding officer of the vessel and in
dorsed by him. This is sold for gold, or
paper money if preferred, at any bank
that may be convenient.
There is no corner of the world popu
lated by civilized human beings where
such bills of exchange may not be nego
tiated readily. The signature of the naval
commander and paymaster are good for
any amount, because Uncle Sam's credit
is behind them. These two officers could,
if they so wished, draw several millions of
dollars out oJ the treasury of the United
States by signing their names a few times
to bills which foreign banks would eagerly
buy. Of course, they would do so at the
cost of their commissions and of punish
ment under the laws if they were caught.
The present paymaster-general of the
navy was in Japan many years ago. He
was paymaster of one of the ships of the
Asiatic squadron, and his authorization
was to draw for what funds he needed
npon Jay Cooke & Co. Unfortunately
news had just arrived of the failure of Jay
Cooke.
What was to be done 9 The cashbox
was empty, and officers and crew, having
just arrived in port, were expecting imme
diate payment of what was due to them.
With an anxious face the pay officer pre
sented himself at a bank and offered his
credentials. He explained that he wanted
to draw a trifle of $20,000.
"On whom do you make the draft?"
asked the polite cashier, carelessly.
"I have orders to draw on Jay Cooke &
Co., New York," replied the paymaster,
"but I have only just learned of the sus
pension of the firm, and you will doubt
less realize my embarrassment."
"Draw away,'' said tbe cashier.
"You mean that I am to draw on a bank
that has suspended payments?" exclaimed
the pay officer.
"Why, certainly; and I will cash it for
you," responded the cashier. "You can
draw on a sandbank if you wish; thedratt
will be just as good from our point of
view."
Not yet recovered from his astonish
ment the paymaster received the gold,
stuffed it into a bag which he bad brought
and accompanied by a marine who had
come along as a guard toolc his departure.
Officers and men of United States ships
in home waters are usually paid in paper
money, because it is most convenient to
handle. When a vessel starts for the West
Indies or for South America the paymaster
is apt to take a supply of gold with him—
say 130,000 or $40,000 in half eagles, eagles
and double eagles. Our gold coins are ac
cepted as legal lender in those parts of the
world. When a naval pay officer draws
money he gets it from the nearest sub
treasury, and he receives it io whatever
shape he wants— gold, notes or silver. The
cashier of the treasury told the writer yes
terday that the request of a paymaster in
this regard had never been turned down
up to date.— New York Mail and Express.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's.*
Best peanut taffy in the world. Towruend's.'
Large, handsome basket and four pounds of
our lamous broken candy,- 50c. Townsend'a. •
Send your friends Townsend's California
jjlace fruits; 50c pound, in tire-etched boxes. •
• — l~ •
Genvixe eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c; Sun-
Spectal information daily to manufacturers,
bus.nes!. houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
The number of young men who advertise in
the papers that they want "some light work"
continue to be considerably greater than the
number of positions of thai, kind that are
open.— SoraerviUe Journal.
Ft>Hllp«' itocfc island Kxoaralona
Leave San Francisco «very Wednesday, via nit
four!,? ,* nJ , BoClt Mv Wa " «- ThrousJ
lourlst sleeping-cars to Chicago ana Boston. Mai
•ger aim porters accompany thes» excursion* to
Button. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation
and further Information, address Clinton Jonea,
General Agent Hook Island Railway, SO Mon*
gomaory street, ban Franciaao. •
.. With a bottle of Ayer"s Cherry Pectoral '(th»
unrivaled cough cure) • and Ayer's Almanac (the
beat calendar), we wish you a happy .New Year. J
; - : ;>— 1 ■ • » ,:-; . =
THKGKNCINE "BKOWS'sBROXCHrAITItOCKM"
are sold ontf in boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coughs and Throat Troubles.
■3 No home ia complete without Pabkek's Ginssb
Tonic, needed lor every weakness.
.*. Parkeb's Haib Bausam is life to.the hair.A , "~" .J AN 1. A X V 9, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
r;/iir^ lV TH KATER.-"The Old Homestead."
fotrvßiA n-*ATKn--Shaun Khue.
Moßoacoa criRA-HocßK— -In me Name of
t!,e Ciar. 1
Aiiazar Tiikatkb.-"A Serious Tan«lß."
Tivou oiksa Hocsk.— - Jack and TliP Bean-
etalk.'
OKPHEnM-Hlgh-Ciass Vaudeville.
Ije cbittbs and Pkatijth Rink.— Dally .at
Jlaight fireel, one block east of the Park,
fcl TBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
l ACiFJCC<Min Jockey (T.r«.— Ract*s to-day.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Clerk John- Russell of the Board of Super
will not be removed.
H.yes street had its arc lamps blazing last
Tuesday night for the first time.
Sheriff Whelan has asked the resignations
I en of his employes, to ruako room for
others.
Ri v. M. B. levy discoursed on "Shall We Pay
lor Our Neighbor?" at the Gcary-streetTcmple
last night.
The newly elected officers of El Dorado
Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W.. were installed last
Thursday evening.
Georuc P. Dwight, a millwright, committed
suicide at 110 Sixth street by cutting his
throat wi;h a penknife.
Fair .Saturday; colder; light northerly
winds; heavy irost Saturday morning— Local
Forecast Ofiicia'. McAdie.
Chairman Waller of the Finance Committee
01 the Board «f Education will aid tao Orand
Jury in its investigations.
Creditors of Levin Brothers have voted to
place the tirm in insolvency, and take what
they can get out of the assets.
The Cosmopolitan church Society has been
fully established and will hold services at
Metropolitan Temple January 17.
Navy Blue, Fig Leaf, Fortuna, Mount Mc
f egot 11, Mi Light and Elmer F captured the
Ing events at lng!eside yesterday.
The postal mail service of San Francisco will
have to go if the Government does not hire
space at the new depot ior a distribution sta-
Kdward Keynard, a barkeeper on Bush
s.reet, was arrested yesterday for passing two
rfeit dollars upon Oscar Hawkins re
cently.
The d<?eth of Quan Chue, a Chinese mer
chant, was the occasion of impressive funeral
ceremonies being held on Jackson street yes
terday.
The Police Department has its own chorus,
a::'l will iiear the musical officers in solos and
rl id pieces Sunday afternoon for the
first time.
ci-y nnd County Attorney Creswell has de
riled that medal funds donated to the public
schools cannot be disposed of by the Board of
Education.
Fred Cook, a Mission saloon-keeper, was ar
[ast night on a charge of burglary, for
l ntering the bouse of a former landlord and
rescuing his trunk.
Antonio Marcir.o of 2725 Franklin street
cairns to have been robbed of $410 by three
unknown men. Yesterday he swore out war
rants ior their arrest.
The Friday Night Cotillon Club held its
third meeting vi this season at Odd Fellows'
Hali last evening. Edward M. Greenway led
with Miss Cam Crockett.
The Health and Police Committee of the new
Bonru of supervisors has recommended that
the resolution locating the Pesthouse on the
Almshousc tract be rescinded.
It is known about the Custom-house that
special agents have been sent out from Wash
ington to investigate the local opium ring and
its branches about Port Townsend.
Tom Sharkey has cause. \ twelve silver cups
to l>e made, < n each of which the words have
engraved, "Presented by Thomas J.
i^hiirkey. Champion of the World."
Dr. Jncob Voorsanger lectured last
nieiit on the relations between philosophy
and rc-lijjr on at the Temple Emauu-E!, this
g his firsi lecture since tils illness.
A bill will be introduced into the Legislature
cieatin,' r. separate iund known as the "State
University" ; ■.. ti < 1 , p.nd \vill be derived from an
additional levy of one cent on every $100.
The Iroqaoifl CMib installed its new officers
last evening, .and Raymond Bobbins delivered
-ation on General Jackson, theoccasion
I g the anniversary ol the battle of New
' ans.
At yesterday's session of the committee on
r p rt a^poiuted at the tariff conierence a
warm dircussion was evoked by the recom
mendation <if a higher duty on certain alka
line materials.
Evan J. Howcll, who resides at 815J4 How
ard street, baa filed his petition in inso.vency.
Sis creditors reside in Vr.llejo and his debts
amount to $327 70. Ha has no assets exempt
irum execn
The C rocker-Woolworth National Bank has
sued Josish A. Low. George L. Partridge and
Brightie B. Low fox *5203, due on promissory
notes for money borrowed on behalf of the
American Oil Company.
Mrs. Florinda Thomas has sued William
Henry Thomas, whose residence is at 321 Day
street, for divorce, on the R.-ound of cruelty.
They hhva four children and hiive accumulated
property worth .«15.000.
Two complaints were sworn to against Leon
Andre, the proprietor of an employment
bureau, yesterday afternoon. One was for
misdemeanor eiubezz ement and the other
for disturbing the peace.
Judge Siack made an order yesterday allow
ing ten days in which to amend the pleadings
in the LyJia a. Spalding will contest, after
winch the trial To test the validity of the in
strument is to take place.
J. J. Raner ha.s filed an amended complaint
" in his suit against pugilist Thomas Sharkey
for !f9OO. The claim is on account of services
performed by trainer \V. G. Smith previous to
Sharkey's light with Fitzsimmons.
James McHattie and M. A. Conroy, two Aus
tralian olhcers, arrived in this City yesterday
to await the Swanhilda, whicrt they are confi
dent has on board Frank Butler, who is
rhouejht to have committed many murders in
the colonies.
By a decision in the Supreme Court, ren
dered yesterday, the gypsy Blythes, who ap
pealed from the decree of final distribution of
the estaieoi Thomas H. Biythe, were declared
not to be parties in interest and their appeal
was dismissed.
The third annual convention of the Pacific
Coast Whist Association opened in this City
yesterday, and in connection with it a tourna
ment for the Rideout trophy and several
prizes. Two large clubs were taxed to accom
modate the players.
Otto turn Suden appeared beiore the Grand
vesierday with charges against Jake
/ R&uer oi forcing his name to secure a writ of
i execution against Mrs. Hannah Joces, a mil
* R-.uer says he had Turn Suden's con
tent ;o do so aiid that blackmail is being at
tempted.
William Donike has sued the Market-street
Railway Company for $50,000 damages, on
account of !:. juries alleged to be sustained by
him on the 10th of last November, when he
was assaulted by one of the defendant's con
ductors. Henley & Costello are attorneys for
toe plaintiff.
A great charity football game that because
of the social prominence of many of the par
ticipants will be an important society event
•will take place to-morrow afternoon at' Central
I'ark between young commissioned officers of
. the army and naw and graduates of many
colleges repieseutiug the swell University
SEW TO-DAY-
BABY
HUMORS
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
Ccticdra Soap, and a single application of
<tTi<i ha (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
. for itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and
t pimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
(yticura
In told thronjhontthe world. Pottm Dboo ahp Chi*
icalCor?okatio!«, Sole Proprietor*, Be* ton. •
a?-." llow to Cure Erery B«by Humor," mailed ft««.
RARV Rl EMICUCC Prrrented and Cured by
DMDI oLtmlonto cuticuba soap.
The Wheat Fleet Now at Anchor in Richardsons Bay Awaiting Charters. Over Sixty Vessels Are Tied Up in Various Parts
the Harbor, and Yet There Is Over 300,000 Tons of "Wheat Stored in the Various Warehouses Awaiting a Rise in the Market.
WHEAT AND SHIPS
IN PORT GALORE
Prices Are Low and Conse
quently There Is No
Business.
Over Sixty Ships Are Now in
Port Awaiting Char
ters.
Antone Nord and Robbed a Few Min
utes Before the Sailing of the
San Bias.
Wheat is the great topic of conversation
on the vater front just now. All the
masters of deep-water ships in port are
interested to a large extent in the rise and
fall of the market, as a rise means a char
ter for bis ship, while a fall means re
•ciainin<r here until next August.
Many of the owners do not anticipate a
rise and, in consequence, one vessel at
ler.st has tone to Australia in ballast to
load coal for this port, another has sailed
with a general cargo for Sydney, two are
loading redwood in the stream for Eng
land and two are going to Hawaii to load
sugar for New York.
In spite of these departures there are
still sixty-one disengaged deep-water ves
sels in port and many of the captains
have made up their minds lo a lons wait.
At the present time there are fourteen
vessels tied up in Richardson Bay, four in
Mission Bay, eipjht in Oak and Creek, four
at Martinez and thirty-one at the wharves
and in the stream. These aggregate nearly
108,000 tons, while on the same date fast
year the disengaged tonnage was only 31,
--278 tons. The Port Crawford got in from
Port Los Angeles yest rday and helped to
swell the fleet, and at least a dozen more
are daily expected from various ports of
the world.
Should there be an advance in the price
of wheat every one of these vessels will be
chartered at a good fisrure, as at the pres
ent time there is over 300,000 tons of grain
ou hand and in sight. Then, wheat is
coming here from Idaho and Utah, so
that, should the demand come, there
would be no difficulty in supplying it, as
"we have the ships, we have the men and
we have the cereal, too."
The Port Crawford, that got in from
Port Los Angeles yesterday, came here in
ballast. Ou the 7th inst she spoke
the sealing schooner Luisa D, with 100
skins aboard. The captain asked to be re
ported "all well."
Two rejuvenated steamers went to sea
last night and this morning. The Zea
landia, after years of retirement, sailed for
Australia late at night in place of the
Mariposa that has been laid up for re
pairs. She took away over fifty cabin pas
sengers and an unu-ually large car»o.
Under the supervision of Chief Officer
Kennie the stout ship was made to look as
good as a new vessel. Every part of the
hull and machinery was overhauled and
Captain Hay ward is confident th^t he will
arrive in Hydney on time. The Z'alandia
should have sailed at 2 p. M. last Thursday,
but was delayed until 10 o'clock last night
on accouni of the non-arrival of the Eng
lish mail.
The other steamer was the Pacific Coast
Steamship Compauy's Umatilla. After
she was Hauled off the rocks in Puget
Sound she was brought to San Francisco
and put on the Union Iron Works dry
dock. While there she was practically
made into a new vessel, and rolling chocks
were put on her bilges. She was refur
nished from stem to stern, and when she
j sailed this morning the Umatilla was as
well lound a vessel as ever sailed from this
port.
The old-time schooner Orient, thct for
years ran between this port and Coos Bay,
ha 3 been condemned. An attempt was
made to repair her, but not a plank that
woula hold a fastener could be found. Si:e
is now in Oakland Creek, beintr stripped
I of everything that is valuable on board.
Another steamer that has been thor
oughly overhauled is the Queen. She
came off the ways yesterday, and will
! have a trial of Her new engines to-day.
Her owners expect that she will easily
I average seventeen knots, and Captain
| Bennett thinks that she may even make
nineteen knots.
The wrecker Whitelaw came near to
making a wreck of the new Polsom-street
wharf, yesterday. While attempting to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 189 T.
| dock at Howard No. 3 the tide took com
j maud Bnd carried the vessel down or. the
j new pier. Several of the stringers were
broken and a couple of the new cylinders
were injured, but the wrecker escaped
without a scratch.
The sealing schooner Rattler, which will
sail in a few days lor a cruise along the
coast, will have at least a dozen carrier
pigeons aboard. Captain Fred Nelson has
obtained the promise of at least that num
ber from the T. W. Leydccker lofts, in
Alarneda, and as occasion warrants he
i will release one or more of the birds with
j a message to be delivered to the owners.
I In this way all the doincs of the sealing
! schooner while on this coast will be known
i every week. From here the Rattler will
i go to the Japan coast to hunt the sea otter,
and the last biid aboard will bring the
farewell of the officers, hunters and
sailor.--.
The Monticello was not the only vessel
J that was in trouble up the river during.t he
I fog last Wednesday night. The Apache
ran into the British ship Anglesey at
Selbys and partly carried away one of the
latter's plates. The Apache had all her
gingerbread work torn down and was
badly scraped on the hull. The Herald
ran into one of the river wharves and is
also laid uo for repairs.
Captain Kandall of the Monticello was
I entirely innocent of any intention to hurt
the Sunol when he blew two whistles last
Wednesday night. (The story was tola in
yesterday morning's paper.) He assert*
that after backing and filling he thought
the Monticello was clear of the bank and
! that by going fuil speed astern he could
i cross the Sunol's bow and thus get clear.
' Captain Randall is one of the best-known
! master mariners in California, and Cap-
I tain Dye at once took his explanation as
j correct, so the matter was dropped.
The steamer San Bias sailed for Panama
yesterday and Amone Nordland was to
have been a passenger. Before leaving he
wanted a parting stirrup-cup and when
on his way to a saloon met a couple of
bunko-steerers. They took him to a piace
on Brannan street and offered to treat.
One of them put down $5, but th*e saloon
man could not change it. The other
could only produce a $10 gold piece and
then Nordland was appealed to. He
pulled out between $75 and $100 in gold
aad the men snatched it and ran. Cor
poral Ccckrill was informed of the rob
bery and at once went to the saloon, which
is kept by James Keer.an, but could get
no satisfaction. The police are on the
track of the robbers and Nordiand has re
mained over to identify them.
BEHIND ON FINANCES.
Glee and Mandolin Club Lost 8500 on
the Northern Tour, But "Were
Well Entertained.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin Club
arrived here Thursday forenoon on their
way back to the university, naving com
pleted an extended holiday tour of the
Northwest, during which they gave per
formances in over a dozen different cities
in Oregon and Washington. Their last
concert was that at Sacramento Wednes
day night.
Socially the trip was a great success.
Financially, notwithstanding the large
houses at many of the places visited, the
club's tour cost $500 above receipts.
CAN'T STOP THE CROWD.
Excited Shoppers Throng the Aisles of
a Popular Establishment.
The sidewalk in front of Armand
Cailleau's cloak and suit bouse, at the
corner of Geary street and Grant avenue,
has been rendered almost impassable by
crowds of ladies eager to obtain the
phenomenal bargains to be found at this
big store since the inauguration of the
closing out sale.
Ladies of this City are familiar with the
hi h class of goods always fccpt by Mr.
Cailleau, and when he announces such
tremendous cut 3in prices, the crowd
is easily drawn. Twenty-five-dollar fur
capes are actually sold for $6, and flanneled
wrappers worth $2 are given away at 35
cents.
Trinity Episcopal Church.
* The usual monthly special musical service
will take place on Sunday evening next, com
mencing at 7:30. The programme will in
clude Gounod's anthems, "Send Out Thy
Light" and "Noel," together with severnl se
lections from the omtorio, "The Nativity,"
composed by h. J. 8 cwan, organist of the
church. Solo numbers will be given by Mrs.
Frank Wratten (soprano), Mrs. Etta Blanchard
(contralto), H. M. iortescue (tenor) and Osgood
l'utnam (bass).
Full of Life.
Editor James M. Barry will publish in
to-day's Star his opinion of a newspaper
harlot, refers to the Mayor and new
Board of Supervisors, the funding bill,
Oakland Free Library's exclusion of the
Star, the contempt law, ex-Senator
Reddy's brave act. The Star will publish
the unbiased Sacramento letters of the
week from its special correspondent and
other live topics. Well worth the price
charged for this live weekly paper. Sub
scription $1 50 per year. Office, 429 Mont
gomery st»
LOVE GIFTS THAT
ARE NOT RETURNED
Annie Isenbruck and Mary
Craig in Court as De
fendants.
The Former Sued by Her Fa
ther and the Latter Sued
by Her Brother.
Deeds Made When the Grantors
Thought They Were Dying Now
Sought to Be Cine. led.
Two women have been called on to re
spond as defendants in suits whereby it is
sought to shake from their grasp property
deeded to them for love and affection
when the grantors thought themselves to
be dying, and which the fair recipients
ungratefully refused to return after the
aforesaid grantors had sufficiently re- 1
covered to manage their own affairs.
The last case is that of Charles Shrak
kart, who has sued his daughter, Mrs.
Annie E. Isenbruck, ana his son-in-law,
Rudolph E. A. Isenbruck, to compel them
to deed back to • him certain property
which he aver 3 they hold as their own
when in fact it belong 3 to him.
The real estate is .described as begin
ning at a point on the northwesterly line
of Bryant street, 206 feet and 3 inches
from Fifth street, and being 23x87:6 feet
in size. It is worth several thousand
dollars.
Mr. Shrakfcart alleges that in December,
1895, he signed a deed purporting to trans
fer to his daughter the property in dis
pute, the sole consideration being love
and affection. He says that the instru
ment signed by him, although purporting
to be absolute in lorm and purporting to
grant the property to his daughter, was
in fact a deed of trust, nnd was so ac
cepted by her; that at tie time of the
signing of the deed ho was suffering from
serious ailments and was in immediate
fear of death ; that it was agreed between
them that in the event of his death the
conveyance of the property should be
absolute, but that i. he recovered she was
to deed it back to him.
The father got weil and asked for a re
conveyance of the property, but bis
daughter refused to comply with his re
quest, declaring that she considered the
real estate as her ov.n and altogether ig
noring her father's claim of ownership.
He asks that the deed be canceled and
that his daughter and his son-in-law be
required to return the property to him.
Justice of the Peace G. C. Groezinger ap
peared as attorney for the plaintiff.
In Judge riebbard's court the trial of
the suit of Robert Bright against Mrs.
Mary Craig, bis sister, was on trial yester
day. Attorney James H. McKnight read
Mr. Bright's deposition, because the
plaintiff is not able to appear in court
because of a stroke of paralysis, although
his mental faculties are said to be unim
paired.
Blight's story is pathetic, for with evi
deut sorrow and without any bitterness he
reveals the circumstances which have led
to the quarrel with bis sister. He said
that he came to San Francisco in April,
1849, and that he has accumulated prop
erty worth $40,000. He is 80 years old and
she is only two years his junior.
"We lived together in peace nnd happi
ness lor a long time," said Mr. Bright. "I
trusted her and sre trusted me. We never
had any trouble until I got sicK and gave
her my" money and deeded her the prop
erty, because I thought I was going to die
and I wanted her to have it after I was
through with it."
Mr. Bright didn't die, but got much
better so far as his mental faculties were
concerned, so he thought he would like to
have con'rol of the $17,000 cash which he
had in bank besides the real estate to
which she held deeds executed by him;
but she refused to return the prooerty to
him, so he left the house which he had
owned so long, but which she now/slaimed
as her property, and sued for the recovery
of everything that he had conveyed to
her.
She claimed she was the only blood
relative that he has in California and that
she was legally entitled to the control and
management of his affairs; that she did
not propose having any one else interfer
ing in the matter; that she was worth
i $100,000 in her own right and was able to
defend her position; that so far as her
brother's estate was concerned sue would
spend every dollar of the money on hand
and the value of the real estate before she
would give up a cent of it.
AFTER THE SMUGGLERS.
Special Agents Are on Their Way Here
to Investigate the Opium
League.
There is a very disquieting spirit abroad
among the custom-house people. It is not
so much that the cbaiwe of administra
tion is likely to Drinp about an upheaval
as it is that those satellites who have been
revolving around Chinatown and the Mail
dock, in quest of smuggled opium and its
profits, will soon tqueal upon those in au
thority wiio have been helping them to
defraud the Government.
It is well known that special agents are
now on their way to this City and Port
Townsend to investigate ttie alleged opium
ring, in which, it is claimed, men of great
prominence in social and Dusiness circles
are involved.
IN BEANSTON'S NAME.
Secretary Welch of the Board of Kdu
cation Anxious About Publio I unrts.
Secretary Welch of the Board of Educa
tion has discovered that $437, col
lected among the pupils of the public
sciiools for special purposes, had been de
posited by ex-eecretary Beanston in his
own name, and he intends to take meas
ures to have it turned over to him as sec
retary.
"Mr. Beanston had no right to have
that money deposited in his own name,"
he said. "If he should die suddenly we
would probably have a hard time collect
ing it. I intend to take immediate steps
to have the funds transferred to me in my
official capaiitv."
HIS SHARE IS NOTHING
Ferdinand Rossi Objects to a
One-Sided Bargain for
Emp'oyment.
Lcoa Andre Obj cts Too Vigorously
to the Course Pursued by tb.3
Labor Commissioner.
Too much enterprise, if the .stories told
by two complaints s.vorn to before Judge
Campbell yesterday afternoon are to be
believed, has brought a deal of trouble
upon the head of Leon Andre, the propri
tor of an employment bureau at 315 Stock
ton street.
For some time various employment
bureaus ot the City have been conducted
in a manner which lias incurred the dis
approval of Labor Commissioner Fitzger
ald. It is alleged that the proprietors of
these agencies have eniered into combina
tions with restaurant-keepers and other
employers of the class of labor largely
bupplied by the bureaus whereby the ap
plicant for employment was made to part
with his precious dollars tor a fictitious
benefit.
The modus operandi of these combina
tions is alleged to be illustrated in ihe
story back of the complaint against
Andre for misdemeanor embezzlement,
which was sworn to yesterday by Fei
dinand Rossi.
Rossi avers that he applied to. Andre for
employment, and the latter represented
that he had what he wis looking for.
Thereupon Rossi deposited $2 50, and was
sent to a family upon Howard street,
which was represented to be in need of a
butler. Whether or not the representa
tion v/as correct, Rossi did not secure ths
position, and he returned to Andre for the
$2 50. This Aniire refused to give up,
and accordingly Rossi had a warrant is
sued.
It is the belief of the Labor Commis
sioner that the proprietors of these estab
lishments have made arrangements with
employers to hold out to applicants that
they have positions to be tilled and thus
furnish a color for the retention by the
employment agent of the lee. When the
applicant endeavors to secure the position,
however, such conditions are attached to
it as to make it highly improbable that
any man would accept. When tue disap
pointed service-seeker reports the condi
tions imposed to the bureau he is informed
that it is no fault of the agent if he does
not wish to accept the situation, and his
money is not refunded.
The Commissioner waged an active war
upon this species of traffic and threatened
the employers with exposure if they did
not cease this method of dealing with tne
unemployed. In the pursuit of this object
the Commissioner incurred the enmity
of Andre, and last Wednesday he called
at the Labor Bureau to enter a protest.
He did not see Fitzgerald, but to Deputy
Labor Commissioner Green be entered
fuch a vigorous protest that the latter yes
terday swore to a complaint charging him
with disturbing the peace.
POSTAL MAILCARS
MAY PROBABLY GO
Government Has Not Hired
Space at the New
Depot.
Express and Transfer Companies
Are Hungry :or Every Foot
of Room.
A Grave Question Now Under Con
siderat.on by the Postal Author
ities at Washington-
A question of great importance is now
under consideration by Fir3t Assistant
Postmaster-General Jones relative to tne
dispatch of maih from San Francisco.
Tne problem presented is how to main
tain the present efficient service after the
construction of the new Postolhce and the
new ferry depot.
At present ali the mails are sent forth
ana received earlier by reason of the
streetcar mail service and the dispatch
and distribution of mails without delay
from station Dat the ferries. But when
the new Postoflice shall be constructed at
Seventh and Mission streets the tempo
rary frame structure known as station D
will be toru down.
Unless provision be made for through
accommodations in the new ferry all
mail will ba dispatched from the new
Postoflice on Seventh street. This will
cause the abundonment of the streetcar
service in delivering mails and will cause
a useless hauling of hundreds of tons of
letters and papers to and from Seventh
and Mission streets. In other words,
there cannot be a streetcar mail delivery
system if the distribution point
a changed irom the ferries. All
the car line 3 will have to be abandoned
and the old wagon scheme put in use
again.
This question becomes serious when it
is considered that the present system is
altogether modern and iar more rapid
than the old one, practically making a
commercial day much longer than it ever
! waa before.
The Harbor Commissioners are disposed
to render the- Government every possible
aid, but express and transportation com
panies are clamoring for space in the new
depot, and it is a question whether the
Government will feel like expending heavy
rents in addition to building the new
Postofh'ee to give San Francisco a modern
postal service.
P'AUBERTIN'S WORK AND NAME.
Why the Sculptor Hub Changed His
Spelling:
O'.to D'Aubertin, the sculptor, has re
cently finished at his studio on Pine street
two unique figures that command the at
tention of every one entering the place.
One represents a statue of Bacchus,
along whose side is a trailing vine and a
bunch or two of grapes. The face of the
statue represents, in fact, a German
Count whom the sculptor used often to
meet at Sausahto.
lie was a merry scion of the nobility,
and has been depicted as such. His
mouth is open and be seems to be trilling
a happy roundelay. The Count wears
bunchy sidetvhiskers, but these are nearly
obscured by the arms of a maiden, one of
many who has, as the nrtist 6ays, been re
cently attending a festival — the Kind that
often prevail in far southern lands, where
homage is paid to the god of wine.
It is a very comely maiden, outlined
with unusual art, and on her head is a
wreatli of tbe leaves of the grape. At her
feet is the small figure of a panther drink
K-EXF to-day:
THESTAR
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
THE MAYOR AND BOARD.
I REODY, THE HERO.
OUR SACRAMENTO LETTER. - :
| A NEWSPAPER HARLOT.
THE PEOPLE ROBBED.
S— CENTS— S
- . • . . v
ti. A. Bertellns Ires. i E. Nordman, Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Word man, Treat '
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to bave your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority, has not yet been
equaled. ■ . "
- We have no rivals. We value our reputation ;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work lor success.
: KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. ' '
AL(!A7AR MATIN ? t E 3 TO DA *
nbuHLNII EVENING AT 8.
"A SERIOUS TAME."
GEORGE OSBOURNE, HUGO TOLAND
And all the Favorites In. the Cast.
Preceded by the One-Act Play, ,
" DliE3A.3wt in A OE33!"
Matinee prices, 15, Vi>, 35c. i Ev'g, 15, 25, 35, 50c.
Seats by Telephone— Black 991. .
THE CHUTES. ;
GREAT DAY TO-DAY. .
AFTERXON — Brown, the One-Legged Cyclist,
will Coast Down the Chutes; Korto will Shoot
the Chutes on a Ulobe; and
POTATO RACE.
EVENING-Five-Mlle Bicycle Contest between
', two young La dies: Brown, Korto and ■-:.; : •- . •
' - NEW SCENES BY THE
AICIMATOSCOFE.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
KETF TO-DAT.
[ Blood Pure?}
< Is it? Then take Ayer's Sar- |>
]» saparilla and keep it so. Isn't \\
j,s it? Then take Ayer's Sarsa- |>
,| parilla and make it so. One \\
j,) fact is positively established |'
, and that is that Ayer's Sarsa- <j \
] parilla -will purify the blood |'
< more perfectly, more economi- \ \
{ ( i) cally and more speedily than l\
<[) any other remedy in the mar- j\
J»S ket. There are fifty years of
i! cures behind this statement ; a jj!
]i) record no other remedy can i
C show. You waste time and !
,•> money when you take anything j |
*l to purify the blood except | '
| Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
mg from a half upset cup, thus illustrat
ing the mythology that comes along with
tne history of these festivals.
The figures are small, but their execu
tion is such as to command unusual in
terest. Mr. D'Aubertin hss eschewed the
old spelling of his name, Dobbertin.
He says that his family is of French de
scent and that some 300 years ago, at the
time the Hugenots were driven out, his
ancestors, who were Hngenots, were ex
pelled with them. In Germany, where
they went In ihe lapse, the name was
speJ.ed Dobbpnin, and the artist has now
returned to ti:e original and correct way,
that of D'Aubertin.
-• — ♦ — •
Divorces Granted.
j Divorces have been granted by the Superior
Court as follows; Alice B. Weed from Aionzo
«eed, for desert. on; Nellie Peters from Her
man peters, for willful neglect.
NEW TO-DAY.
Advertising is almost
ruined by lies.
That is why we say so
little else but your money
back if you want it."
Ask your grocer for Schil-
lings Best; if you don't'like
it, he pays you back your
money.
A Schilling- Ac Company
San P-n^r-- «-«
JTEW TO-I> AY— AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Feikdlasuke, Oottxob&Co., LesseesttManajerj
MATINEE TO-NIGHT
TO-DAY AND
AT 2, SUNDAY.
W*% * cjesEPn •. .
MURPHY
NEXT MONDAY "KEKRY GOWI '»
BALDWIN THEATER.
Al.Uayiia.n- ..t Co. (Incorporated).. ...l*ropett»:o:f.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-Night. Sunday Nii»ht and Erery
'2 . Night Next Week. .->.>,
A PERFECT PRODUCTION OF "
DESMAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAY,
THE OLD HOMESTEAD
The Original Old Homestead Doable
Quartet.
Select Company of 23 Players.
Wonderful Electrical J-.ffects.
Regular Prices v; 5c to 91.50.
1 Matinee— populanprlces— entire Dress Circle, 91:
entire Balcony, 60c and 75c. -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
> MKb.Jss.\iaixisu Kkki.in-j. Proprietor >s ii.sa»:as
THIS AFTERNOON-
SPECIAL CHARITY MATINEE.
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD!
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SPLENDID CAST! '
GREAT EFFECTS! PRETTY BALLETSI
Next Monday,
"THE SECOND EDITION."
New Songs! New Dances! New Skits I
Everything Up-To-Date!
Ponulsv Pries. .....25c »nd *O*s,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOKOSCO...SoIe Lessee and JUnijj:
First Performance on This Coast of the Thrilling
Russian Melodrama,
"IS THE NAME OF THE CZAR!"
A Play With An American as Well as a
Russian Hero.
Intricate Stage Mechanism!
Sensational Scenic Effect*!
Gorgeous Costuming!
Ereninc Prices— 100, 2Ko and %r>i.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. v
O'FarreH Street, fceiwmn Stoctcton and'PowaiL .
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), January 9,
■ Parquet, any seal, 26c; .Balcony, any sea., Ui
Children. 10c, any part.
HALLE N AND FULLER,
ANNIE CALDW LL,
THE i'AVO BOSTONS.
CffiKRt.ES WAYNE.
Continued success of I LSSON'S AERIAL and
KIBALFtf'S GRAND OPKKA BALLETS.
Last Night of the Phoites Pantomime.
p COMING— The Famous Royal Hungarian Court
Orchestra, under the direction of P. K. Mains, th«
most famed clarionet Virtuoso In all Europe.
SUTRO BATHS-
Open Daily From 7 A. M. to 6 P. 91.
TUG-OF-WAR
NEXT SUNDAY, JANUARY 10.
AMERICA vs. CANADA.
General Admission. 10c ; Children, sc.
GRAND OPENING SWIMMING SEA-
SON 1897.
Bathing, Including mission— Adultg
25c t Children 30c. ■■•'■ =
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
■':.;-"• (INCLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
RACING Jigls RACING
Racing From Monday, Dec. 8, to Saturn
day, January 9, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. ;-'.
Take Southern Pact flc train* >at Thirl an!
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m. .
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, »1. 00.
Take Mlssion-st. electric line direct to trace -
" ; ; : A. B. sPKECKEIA Pr&tidMh
W. a. Leake, (Secretary, '
78
THE WORLD OF SPORT.
What the Wheelmen, Athletes, Oarsmen,
Coursers and Sportsmen Are Doing*
The event of greatest import in sporting
at present is the charity football game
wnich will be played at Central Park to
riay, between the Army and Navy and
University Club teams.
Baseball is taking rapid strides toward
prosperity. The amateur clubs are play
ing gooi ball and the lovers of the Na
tional sport are showing a strong disposi
tion to support the game.
Boxing is buried temporarily. Except
ing the Olympic Club, it is doubtful if
any of the professional clubs will manage
*'a mill" for some months to come.
The sportsmen and anglers are enjoying
tolerably good shooting and fishing.
Lovers of the dog are interested in
hench shows und field trials. The cours
ers, rifle-shooters and oarsmen are having
good sport in their respective lines.
THE WHEELMEN.
Likelihood That the Sunday Racing
Amendment Will Be Accepted.
The benefit race meet of the North Cali
nia Division, League of American Wheel
men, to be held at the Velodrome next
Saturday afternoon, is the principal topic
now being discussed by the cyclers. The
pr"sramme is admitted to be the best ever
offere t here, and new features are con
stantly being added to it. The professional
and amateur riders are training for the
meet all the time, ana the blue ribbons to
be given to the winners as prizes will be
as highly valued and as valiantly con
tested for as anymore intrinsically valu
able one could be. There has been a big
demand for box seats, which contain five
chairs and are sola for $5. Frank W.
Fuller of the Olympic Club Wheelmen
secured lirst choice and selected one near
the tape, ana many others have been sold
in other lavorable positions. The .Bay
City Wheelmen are "out with a bid for
fifty seats in one block, and the Olympic
and Acme Club wheelmen have arranged
xoi tifty more apiece, so it will be seen the
meet is not lacking for patronage from the
orgarized cyc^rs. From far away San
Jo>e the Guruen City Cyclers have sent
wora^to save ihem some room, and in
this connection an effort is being made to
have Otto Ziegier, who is now at hi- home
there, ride in competition or an exhibi
tion at the meet.
The purposes to which the money raised
by the League of American Wheelmen at
this meft is to be devoted are to defray
the expenses of delegates from the North
California Division to the National As
sembly of the league, to be held at Albany,
N. V., February 10-14, and also for lunds
lo secure the passage of the bill shortly to
be presented to the legislators of Califor
nia providing for the carrying by trans
portation companies of bicycles free aa
bagga c. Tuus it will be seen that the
oDjects are worthy of the support of every
wheelman, and each owes it to himself
and to the league to attend the benefit
meet next Saturday, and thereby lend his
assistance to the general eood.
Admission will be 25 cents, reserved
sea;s 50 cents, the latter to bs had at Sher
man & Clay's next Wednesday and there
after.
The officials who have been honored by
appointment to serve at this meet are as
lollows:
Referee, Henry F. Wynne; judges— F. H.
Kerrigan, E. IS. Jerome. H. H. Watte; timers—
Juhn Elliott, George P. Wetmore, J. S. Con
'•vc.l; scorers — J. F. Meaerin.S. G. ijcovern, A.
P. .-wain; umpires— John S. Egan, C. 6. My
rick, K. S. Duncan, A. \V. Wehe; clerk of
course. George H. stratton; Hssistants— E. L
Weatherhead, David Marshall; starter, Doug-
Ihss White; announcer, Johu C. Hines; L. A.
W. repre>entative, It. M. Welch; handicap; er
B. A. Smyth.
The Garden City Cyclers of San Jose
will hoid a meet on their celebrated
three-lap cement track Friday afternoon,
January 22, the proceeds to go toward
paying the expenses of their delegates, J.
E. Alexander and S. G. Tompkins, to the
National Assembly. Ziegler will surely
appear at this meet, besides all the pro
fessionals now in training at the Velo
drome.
It looks ns though the nnxt president of
the L. A. W. would be Isaac B. Potter,
now chief consul of the New York Divi
sion; and, would you believe it, there is
eaid to be a movement to oust Secretary
ELSTON, CALIFORNIA'S NEW BASEBALL CAPTAIN.
Captain Charles A. Elston of the Berkeley nine hails from Woodland, Yolo County,
■where he played on the town team as well as with the Hesperian College nine. He is now in
his senior year and has played throughout his college course, Having been catcher during
his ireshman and sophomore years, and second baseman in his junior year, which position
he will hold durintr the coming season. In last year's series of games he was easily reck
oned aR one of the best players on the team. Elston is something of a field athlete as well
as a baseball crack. In his first two years at college he participated in several field days
and won five medals for his successful work. When pole-vaulting for distance was a regu
lar field day event K:ston entered regularly and in the last field day at Berkeley in which
that event was recognized he took second place against the invincible "Brick" Morse.
Elston also did creditable work in the broad aud the high jump's. lie is a prominent mem
ber of the local chapter ot the Dslta Cpsilon fraternity, as we.l as a member of the univer
sity glee and mandolin clubs which are on a concert tour in the southern part of the State
at the present time. At the last meeting of the board of directors of the daily Berkeleyan
he was elected editor-in-chief of that paper for the coming term.
The prospects for a good baseball team at Berkeley this season though not brilliant are
good. Many of the old players will b* oa hand to try for their former positions on the
team. Ii is understood that un efficient coach will be employed to instruct the players.
- This will be an innovation in baseball sport at the University of California. But Stanford
has already, following the custom it established last season, secured a star professional
iasteru baseball player in the person of "Bill" Lange, who coached the team for a few
weeks only during the season of '96.
Berkeley's prospective coach, it is hinted, is none other than Joe Corbett, brother of the
•pugilist. Corbfctt has been known about the bay for several years as a promising ball
player and recently has come prominently to the front as an amateur pitcher.
The necessity for a coach seems obvious to the California men particularly now that a
handsome trophy is up for the victorious university team. It is further emphasized by the
recent assertion ot the Stanford basebail manager that Stanford's present baseball pros
pects are the brightest in her history.
Treasurer Abbott Bassett of Boston, wh°
has held that position -since when the
mind of man remembers not, and elect W.
S. Bull, now secretary-treasurer of New
York. The latter division, with its fifty
two votes, eviaently hopes to secure the
entire pudding, and la being aided and
abetted by Pennsylvania, in return for
New York's support of Philadelphia for
the annual league meet in 1897.
The California delegation will have
much to ruminate over when it gets back
East. Besides the presidential aspirations
of Potter, Elliott, Cossum, Morris and
others — the leatrue-meet question, admit
ting of professionals to membership, ad
mitting of colored people to membership
and changes in *he racing rules — there
will be their own special charge, the
sanctioning of Sunday racing by divi
sional optio n. They will also nave (o take
in the New York cycle show. They will
be too busy to have time to feel the icy
ORLANDO L. STEVENS cf Ottumwa, lowa, the Crack Professional
Now at the Velodrome*
blasts of Eastern winter weather. From
all reports it seems likely that the Sund ay
racing amendment will pass if energetic
ally presented to the delegates by a, few
cheerful workers like Judge Kerrigan, Mr.
Welch and their confreres.
There are over 70,000,000 people in tbe
United States. About 3,000,000 ride
wheels— one in twenty-four, a tremendous
percentage. One in ten will be about the
limit. In France it is one in 250.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 189 T.
A progressive euchre party will be held
at the clubrooms of the Bay City Wneel
men this evening. Dr. J. F, Twist is to
preside over the refreshments, the bever
age de resistance of which is to be choco
late a la Espangol.
it is understooa that there will be few
important changes in the general mechan
ism oi the '97 models. Perhaps one of the
most radical changes will be the D-shaped
tubing, to be seen in severp.l makes. That
"D" tubing will give additional rigidity
and comeliness to the structural conform
ation of the bicycle, is admitted by all ex
perts who have given the matter thought.
One of the largest bicycle firms in the
East is considering a plan to furnish new
pacing arrangements for the racing men
during the season of 1897. While the in
tention of the firm at present is not to
hire any racing men, it will put pacing
teams in the field. They will use triplets
almost exclusively for pacing, believing
that more satisfactory work can be done
with them than with either tandems or
quads.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak
land held their annual banqaet last Tues
day evening, at which the newly elected
officers were installed. About seventy
five sat down at the festal board and dis
cussed an excellent |supper andjincident
ally all things concerning the club and
cycling in general.
The "East Oakland Wheelmen will hold
an entertainment and dance Friday even
ing, January 22, at Washington Hall.
One of the events of the evening will be a
I re d of home-trainers between J. R. Kenna
j of the Bay City Wheelmen, champion
i amateur rider of the coast, and George W.
! Tantau of the Olympic Club Wheelmen,
who is again in training and riding almost
as fast as he did last .spring.
Michael has brought the world's five
mile record down to 9:00 4-5. Think of
that! That's traveling at the rate of Jess
than 1:50 for each mile. Michael lias been
matched to race Tom Linton, also ol
Wales, the events to take place.shortly in
Florida. What world's records Michael
does not bold Linton doe v , so it is horse
ami horse. Michael is now in Minneap
olis and has heen trying his luck at ice
skating?, but has not proven very speady.
His proposed Pacific Coast trip has been
abandoned for the present.
Carl McStay, the well-known Los An
cles wheelman, is quoted in the Pacific
Field as follows: ''While in San Iran-
Cisco last month I visited the Velodrome,
and it is the most perlect thing of the kind
1 ever saw. While I' was there on Decem
ber 5 Orlando Stevens rode an exhibition
half mile in :%, and all the machines held
the turns excellently. The management
is fine, there being no delay between
heatn. Why, before the men in one heat
are off the track the starters for the next
are on it. This state of things is helping
out cycle-riding in the north liice every
thing."
The annual election of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen will be held at their regular
meeting Tuesday evening. There is only
one ticket in the field, showing that the
members are working tog ther as a nnit,
and the re-election of most of the officers
who served last year is a mark of appre
ciation of their efforts.
R. E. Plough, traveling salesman for an
Eastern cycle house, is in the City. He
speaKs well of tne condition of trade as he
has found it, and predicts a lively season
of business.
The benefit tendered to Mrs. P. J. Hyde,
widow of the late secretary of the Golden
Gate Cycling Club, to be held at California
Hall, 620 Bush street, next Tuesday even
ing, is interesting to the cycling clubs
generally, and they will all lend a hand to
make it a big success. Thjere will be an
entertainment and dancing.
The ghost of that great Jive-mile race at
the Velodrome on New Year's day is still
stalking about, and Manager Fawcett has
decided that a change of officials in some
positions and an entire new set of scorers
is decidedly in order. Not only was
Becker cheated of a world's record by
having to ride one lap too many, but there
has always been a dispute about who was
really eniitled to second prize money, and
Harry Terrill has entered what might be
called a re-protest, pending the decision
of which the money has been withheld.
It will be remembered Terrill was giyen
second place by the judges. Bovee pro
tested to Referee Wynne, his protest was
allowed and he was eiven second and Ter
rill third. Terrill claims not only to be
able to prove by the score cards (as if you
could prove anything by the way those
scores were kept that day) that he was
second, but also claims the referee had no
ritiht to decide as he did— that no referee
has any right to reverse the decision of
the judges. This ground seems quite
tenable to me.
The Oregon Division of the L. A. W.,
with a membership of only about 300, pro
roses to issue a road-book this spring.
They will find it a great inducement to
new members and of much value gener
ally. H. K. Arnold of .Portland is in
charge of the «orfc.
I have received a most interesting letter
from H. AUstin God ard, the well-Known
racing man of the Bay City Wheelmen,
who is now in the East, and it is worth re
producing here as showing a Californiau's
views of cycling in that section :
I have just returned from a trip which In
cluded Philadelphia, Norfolk (Va.), Xashvilie
and Memphis (Term.) and other places. Blcj
cling In the East and South is about two years
behind the limes. They mostly possess no
track at all, or where there is one it is built
with a total disregard of banking or any other
absolute necessity for obtaining the most Im
portant thine on any bicycle track— time.
Tnere are a few bicycle clubs in the larger
cities, but an overwhelming social element in
every case so overshadows t lie objects of the
club as a cycle club that tlie hair-raising,
nerve-tingling onthusiasm which so endears
the Bay City Wheelmen to its members is
totally lacking, and the percentage of legiti
mate racing men in these institu tions is nil.
I must confess I am disappointed In the
East from a bicycle standpoint. Here in De
troit, for insumce (Tom Cooper's home), we
have the Detroit Wheelmen, whose clubhouse
is a revelation and whose cotters burst with
superfluous rash, but one has to go through it
with a comb to find an enthusiastic wheel
man. Dances, whist parties, a circus with
professional talent, bowling, billiard tourna
ments—in fact, everything except bicycling
was my experience when talking with those
members with whom it was my pleasure to
meet, but their hosp tal'.ty to one from the
far West like myself, coming from a club that
had entertained their pride, Tom pooper, as
wp aid, was so cordial that it is impossible to
tell you by writing.
The B. C. W.s are well and favorably known
everywhere 1 nave been, and thelactof my
being one of them has been an open sesame
wherever I have found a b cycle club of any
pretensions.
You ought to see the wheels in use In some
of the larger cities. I saw in Philadelphia
solid-tired wheels of the vintage of '89, cush
ion-tired ones which were in vogue a little
later, and wheels made in '91 and '92 seem
to be the rule rather thau the exception. Iv
the East it seems to me a man buys a wheel
aud it has to last him until cycle senility
causes its collnpse. How different from our
np-to-da'.e boys in San Francisco, who "trade
in" as regularly an new models are brought
out.
With kindest regards to tho King, yourself
and other inquiring friends, I am, yours sin
cerely, H. Austin Goddard.
Judging from the affidavits which fol
low, Walter Foster was very unfairly
treated by Floyd McFarhind in the pro
fessional events at Pasadena on January
1. It is understood that the matter will
be brought before the racing board, and if
McFarland cannot disprove the charges,
he should certainly be suspended from
track-racing for a long lime to come.
Here are the affidavits:
Pasadena, Cal., Jan. 4, 1897.
We, the undersigned, race officials and pro
fessionals thai ( fliciaied and competed in the
Pasadena race meet, January 1, 1897, declare:
That Floyd MeFarland, in the mile open pro
fessional rnce. deliberately and purposely
fouled Waller F. Foster on the upper turn, en
tering into the homestretch, by elbowing him
off the track.
We state positively that Foster was run off
the track into soft ground, and thereby all his
chances tor first prize in this race were lost.
If we sipned anything contrary to the above
It was a misrepresentation to us. and was not
signed to cnivey the idea that McFarland did
not foul Foster.
It is clear to us that McFarland won this
race by foul tactics.
H. M. Black, referee; George H. Frost,
starter; Ed K. Braley, clerk of course; Albert
E. EJ wards, assistant clerk; Horace F. Sauder
son, aHSistant clerk: Edwards. Crump, timer;
M. A. Hill, professional (in this race); Frank
A. Coty, professional (one of the pacemakers
on triplet).
Attest: Frank E. Burnham, C. C. C. Club,
secretary.
I'asadena, Cal., Jan. 4, 1897.
We, the referee and siarter of the race meet
held in Pasadena January 1, 1897, positively
declare that Mr. Foster had god anu eubstau
lial grounds to claim a ioul in the mile-open
race acainst Floyd McFarland, as McFarland
ran Foster off the track, and thereby ruined
all chances for Foster to win the race.
We also declare and state that we waited un
til eery one had departed from the track and
then approached Mr. Foster and asked him to
enter a protest against McFarland's foul rid
ing, which Mr. Foster gave us the liberty of
doing if we so wished.
We thereby considered that a protest was
entered by Foster against McFariand for
elbowing and running him off the track, but
as the first protest of haviug McFarland dis
qualified for his starter steeping over the
tape held there was no need of pressing the
latter foul of elbowing and runnii.g Foster off
the track. H. M. Black, Keferee.
George H. Frost, starter.
Tne board of officers of tne North Cali
fornia Division, League of American
Wheelmen, are very anxious to secure
new members, and are directing earnest
efforts in that direction. They wish if
possible to bring the roil up to 2000 within
the next month, an increase of about 350,
and from the way the applications are
coming in it seems quite likely ihat they
will succeed in their endeavors. V. H.
Hancock of the membership committee is
making ii special canvass of aIJ the local
clubs and is securing many new names.
The Imperial Cycling Club has com
pleted all preparations for its party, to be
held at Native Sons' Hall Tuesday even
ing, January 19, and a very enjoyable
time is anticipated. Sfalding.
GUN AND DOG.
Olympic Gun Club's New Grounds.
Crlttenden Robinson's Shoot.
Sportsmen who take enjoyment in
tramping the hills and watching well
iraineil dogs ranging over ground where
quail frequent should meet with success
to-morrow, as the weather of the past
week has been of the kind that old hunt
ers fancy. Biids are generally found in
the trees when the ground is soaked after
a heavy rain, but the past week of cold,
sharp weather will materially improve the
sport. The hunter who will tramp the
sunny sides of the canyons 10-day and to
morrow should meet with pood success, as
the birds will be pretty high up, and when
scattered good shooting will be the order.
Duck-hunters who shoot in the marshes
between Mount Eden and Alviso have
had good success of late. Several large
bags of spriz and spoonbills were returned
from that section of tho country during
the past two weeks. Fete Mcßae killed
seventy-rive sprig, tetN and spoonbills
iaat Sunday, near Alvarado.
A sportsman named Muther was shot at
by a man who lives near Mount Eden la3t
Sunday and two bullets from a Winches
ter lodged in the levee within two feet of
where the hunter was standing. Muther
says that he intends to visit the same
pround to-day and return the compliment,
provided "his friend" will be at home.
Dick Brooks and Billy Mcßae are stop
ping the flight of mallard duck, which are
said to be quite plentiful now near An
tioch.
The Olympic Gun Club will soon have
splendid "trap-shootiug grounds at Ingle
side. The president is authority for the
statement that on February 21 and 22 the
inaugural ahoot of the club for this year
will t» hela on the new grounds, and both
inanimate and live birds will be u«ed.
The new Magan trap will be tested on this
occasion. It will do the work of five
traps. The club will turn out in strong
numbers for the opening shoot, and it
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Qub and Its Mascot.
troes without saying that a most enjoyable
outing Will result.
As a large percentage of the members
are benedicts, the directors decided at a
recent meeting to eive a "ladies' night"
on the evening of February 2. The wives,
daughters and sisters of members are
very anxious to see the new clubrooms,
ana if report can be relied upon they will
receive a most pleasant surprise, as the
apartments are magnificently fitted up.
In fact the Olympic "Gun Club can well
aftord to congratulate^iiself on having as
neat and conuortable a rendezvous as any
sportsman could desire, and doubtless the
ladies will appreciate the very excellent
work that has been accomplished by the
house committee looking toward the com
fort of the members. Within a year the
club will have a first-class demesne, where
qua:l, duck and deer will abound. A
grand bench show under its auspices will
be held in this City in May or June.
The Tamalpais Gun Club's new officers
are: Oito Muser, president; John Bsrgez,
vice- president; Major Cobb, secretary
treasurer; directors— John Siebe, A. Wie
land, William Ber*r, J. Osborne, A. Roose,
t\ 'Jurtan and A. Diftol.
The club has stocked its lagoon with
the fry of rainbow, cutthroat and steel
head trout, and in the course of a year
the members who are fond of ancling ex
pect to enjoy some royal sport. Deer and
quail are plentiful in the preserve and
some first-class shooting is had during the
months when it is lawful to shoot at fur
or leather. Mr. Diftoi is the acknowledged
champion angler, and so far as quail and
deer shooting is concerned the members
are unable to say who is the champion
shot Both Curtan and Roose are good
on deer.
V. Caglieri and his guest, Carl Bund
schu, had a most enjoyable shoot on the
Tamalpais Gun Club demesne, near Wil
low Camp, last Sunday. They bagged
forty-six quail, thanks to the unerring a m
of Bundschu, who kilied all his birds on
the wing.
It is said that the new Elkwood shoot
ing grounds, at Long Island, are the most
complete in the world, and of the new
trap system an exchange says: After much
investigation the Mott style of iron trap,
invented by that veteran sport, Jordan L.
Mott, was adopted. It is said to be far
and away ahead of any trap yet used.
There are three sets of traps, each located
forty feet from the clubhouse. The bound
ary line is located at fifty yards and the
dead line at thirty-three yards. There are
live traps on each range, set the usual
distance apart, and all ot them arc fastened
over an under round crescent-shaped tun
nel that is six feet high and six wide. Tiie
trappor, walking in the tunnel, has a
basket of birds close to each of the traps.
As soon as any trap is sprung he opens* its
sliding bottom and puts a bird in. Neither
the trapper, the man who springs the trap
nor the shooter can tell which trap is to
be sprung.
The traps are sprung by another in
genius device. In line with the shooiers,
in a little house half buried in the
ground, stands the man who pulls the
lever that springs the traps. Locked
in a desk, breast high as he stands, is
the mechanism. It is a short steel cyl
inder, set horizontally in the desk. It has
steel pegs in it that look like those of a
musicul-boz. When the lever is pulled
one of the pegs engages the end of a steel
bar having the underground wire attached
to it that springs the trap. The machine
has ICOO combinations and it can be altered
in a moment by changing a pee to an
other combination.
There recently appeared in an English
paper the following report of how game is
slaunht. red in "the old country": E*n
peror William of Germany is credited
w ith killine 2 aurochs, 7 elk, 738 red stags,
58 hinds, 957 fallow bucks, 41 f aLow does,
3 reindeer, 1705 large and small wila boar,
469 roebucks, 121 chamois, 11,466 hares,
638 rabbits, 1 whale, 37 capercaizin (cocks),
56 wild ducks, 3 bears. 17 foxes, 698 herons
and cormorants and 559 various. The total
number is 17,576 and is the Emperor's bag
for one calendar year.
In England one party of six killed 7000
rabbits and pheasants in four days. An
other party of eight killed 5000 hean of
game in four days; still another shot 4000;
one of five men in two days killed 2500 and
another composed of six persons killed
1500 rabbits and pheasants in a single day.
With all the com plaints one hears in re
i gard to pothunting in America, when all
is considered one cannot but believe we
regard game and game laws and the un
written but strict rules of the sportsman
in a better light than do our cousins on
the other side of the Atlantic. W en also
it is taken into consideration that all of
these game birds and animals are pro
tected in preserves or raised in captivity
the tree woods and fields of this country
seem better than ever.
The sportsmen of this City will be
pleased to learn of the success Crittenden
Robinson achieved in Monte Carlo re
cently. A special cable to the New York
Herald dated Monte Carlo, January 5, says :
A return match of 100 pigeon- "at thirty
yards for 2100 francs a aide between the
California shot, Robinson, and the well
known English marksman, Orchardson,
took place this afternoon at Mont Boren
and ended in favor of the Pacific Coast
champion by the score of 92 to 94. r
There is a movement on foot at Balti
more, Md., to hold a mammoth carnival
in that city in 1898. at which time all sorts
of athletic and aquatic games can be held,
trap-shooting being one of the principal
features so far announced. It is proposed
to build mi enormous amphitheater at one
of several places mentioned, in which
could be seated thousands of spectators.
The plans have been indorsed by promi
nent Baltimoreans, and more of the prop
osition may be known in the near future.
THE KENNEL.
The Olympic Gun Club Will Doubt
less Give a Bench Show.
The Sacramento poultry and kennel
show promises to be a success.
Among the birds admired are Plymouth
Rocks— white, buff and silver; Wyan
dottes—golden silver, white and buff;
black Javas, American dominiques,
cochins, etc. A wild turkey with its
progeny is an object of much attention.
To-morrow the homing pigeon race will
be held. Several hundred fast flyers will
be liberated, and doubtless the race to
this City and Oakland will be excitine.
The dog show will open to-day at noon.
J. Otis Fellows of Hornellsvilie, N. V.,
will judge all classes. Among the entries
are several first-class dogs which are
owned by sportsmen of this City and Oak
land.
It can now be safely said that the Pa
citic Kennel Club will disband and that a
show will be held in this City some time
in May under the auspices of the Olympic
Gun Club. A committee from the Pacific
Keunel Club visited the officers of ihe
Gun Club last Wednesday evening and an
understanding pleasing to all concerned
was quickly arrived at. Th» money in the
treasury of the Pacific Kennel Clvb —
something like $300— wil! be transferred to
the Olympic Gun Club, to be used only for
dog-show purposes.
This is a move in the right direction, as
the Olympic Gun Club has a membership
of 170 of the most prominent sportsmen of
this City, all of whom are deeply inter
ested in doss and dog shows.
A special meeting of the Kennel Club
will be held Wednesday evening, when
final action will be taken.
W. H. Schmidt of Oakland states that
the medals he won at the late bench
show held in this City were composed of
lead,' with a film of gold. Schmidt exhi
bited a pair of dachshunds.
One of the most enthusiastic do2
lovers in all England is her Royal High
ness, the Princess of W ? ales. The same
amount of money that her imperial
mother-in-law spends on fat cattle, and
her husband devotes to horses and his
stables, the Princess lays out on
kennels, that are the finest owned by any
woman in the United Kingdom, and at
present shelter a dozen varieties of canine
beauty.
Not a dog fancier or breeder in Europe
but knows of her interest in these pets,
her Knowledge of an animal's good points
and her splendidly appointed kennels,
and at intervals she receives from 3ome
famous atud a particularly handsome
puppy.
RIFLE AND PISTOL.
The Inter - Republic Match and
Shooting Clubs at Shell Mound
To-Morrow.
There will be plenty of rifle-shooting at
the Shell Mound range to-morrow. The
marksmen of the First Regiment who are
to contest for the trophy and honors with
the Hawaiian National Guard will shoo:
their ten-snot scores in the match. These
scores will be forwarded as soon a3 possi
ble to Honolulu and the scores of the
island riflemen, also to be shot to-morrow
at Honolulu, will be sent to the Fim
Regiment here. Each team is to consist
of 100 men. Besides shooting for the
trophy the First Regiment has offered
three cash prizes of $20, $10 and $5 to the
three marksmen making the highest
THOMPSON, STANFORD'S BASEBALL CAPTAIN.
Charlie Thompson, who will captain the Stanford Varsity baseball team during the
season about to begin, is a Santa Barbara boy, 22 years of ai*e nnd a little above the me
dium height. He is a descendant of two of tlie oid aristocratic Spanish families associated
with the early history of that picturesque mission town by the sea, in the day 3 when, as a
part of Mexico, Santa Barbara was considered a large and importunt city of Alta Califor
nia. His father, a lawyer and Democratic politician, has long tauen a prominent part in
municipal affairs.
When Thompson entered Stanford, nearly four years ago— for he is now in his senior
year— he was considered one of the best bnsebaU-players Santa Barbara had at the time,
He had been pitcher for the high school nine and had identified himself with the game for
a number of years. But so keen was the competition for places on the Stanford team and
so numerous were the old candidates, and with three fine pitches among them, that
Thompson as a freshman was not even a substitute. The next season he developed better
form and gained a substitute place. Last year he became the regular right-fielder on the
Varsity. His wor* in handling long flies that were often desperate chances and his relia
ble batting during the series of games made nim the logical candidaie for captain at the
close of the successful season of 1896, and he was elected as the choice of his fellow
players.
Thompson is not a brilliant player, nor is his work uniform la all departments of the
game, but he is one of that class of steady, conscientious haid workers typified in big
Fickert of the Tehachapi Mountains, who captained the victorious Stanford football team
during the season just past.
TJnliKe her lootball captains Stanford's baseball captains have all been California boys.
First there was "Charlie" Adams of Stockton, the great all-round athlete who, though he
was in college but one year, captained the baseball team from third base, played guard oa
the football team, won all of the seven events he competed in with the track team and in
addition was president of the big freshman class. Then there was Harry Walton who cap
tained the team in the gpringof 1893 from the catcher's position and was also a speedy half
back on the football eleven and subsequently became a member of the Reliance football
team, which he captained during the season just ended. In the sprinff of 1894 "Jack" Slice
ban of San Francisco held the captain's position while filling his old place in ce-iter field"
The next season Hugh Dyer of Alvarado. the second baseman, was captain of the Stan'
ford team. Last spring "Billy" McLaine, another Sen Francisco boy ana the old Varsity
pitcher, was captain. . . y
And for five successive years Stanford's baseball teams with their California car.t.in«
have been victorious over their rivals across the bay. It now remains to be seen if rZZvI
a particular virtue or Charm in having a Cahfornian to lead the players assembled mm
many different parts of the TJnion, or if this season's team, captained by the si-rth ..„.««
sive California boy will meet with defeat and lose the new saver trophy only rer* nil VVt
fered by the University Club to the university that shall first win two seasons in succession!
scores. A lively contest for the trophy
and the special prize' may be expected.
In addition to the inter-republic match
companies, C, G, F and X of the First In
fantry Regiment will hold their monthly
class shooting.
Every target on Captain SiebVs range
will bs engaged. al'. day, for he3idos the
foregoing the following shooting societies
and clubs will hold their regular shoot: v^
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, class *
medals and special prizes; San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, class medals; Ger
mania Schuetzen Verein, class medals;
Red Men's Shooting Section, clas3 medals;
NordJeutscher Schuetzen Club, bullseye
shoot; Independent Riles, class medals.
THE OARSMEN.
The Possibilities of a Rafjatta on
Washington's Birthday.
The oarsmen are discussing the advis
ability of holding a regatta on Washing
ton's birthday. The iiea has been sug
gested by a number of prominent oars
men, and it is being discussed in the clubs
with growing interest.
The purpose of Golden Gate carnival of
holding a regatta in April does not appeal
to the oarsmen just' at present, as it is so
far in the future and is indefinite.
Some capable oarsmen should take th.»
matter up and see what the possibilities
are for holding a regatta on Washington's
birthday.
Washington's birthday is a fitting day
for a regatta. Last year the regatta held
on that day was a great success, over 10,
--000 people beine present at Lake Merritt
to see the events.
With over a month in which to train
the oarsmen could get themselves in fine
condition. As to entries, the Stockton
Rowinsr Club can be relied upon to send a
crew down, and both the Alameda and
University Boating Club have signified
their intention of entering, and there is
no doubt that every c:ub on this side of
Ihe bay would enter crews. All that is
needed is a capable and experienced oars
man to take hold of the affair, and, with
the encouragement of the clubs, a regatta
could be arranged.
The Souihends are keeping themselves
in condition for the next regatta. Every
afternoon and evening Matt Breen. Al
Fritz, Ed Shortall and Frank Duplissea
can be s en out in their skiffs.
The South End 3 are keeping themselves
in condition for the next regatta. Matt
Breen, Al Fritz, Ed Shortall and Frank
Duplissea are out every evening in their
skiffs.
The South Ends intend to wrest tne
laurels from the victorious syndicate team
of the Dolphins, and within a short time
1 a challenge will be sent them for a gameof baseball. On last Sunday they had a
crowd out practicing.
The South Ends intend to begin work
next week and build an annex to store
their boats, as the present space is in
suliicient.
Thf Dolphins' baseball game for charity
last Sunday was a success and it neat sum
was acquired. The frantic efforts of some
of the players to stop the frisky ball kept
the large crowd in good humor. At times
it was feared that Bill Lange, who acted
as umpire, wonid go into hysterics over
the peculiar style of playing. Since the
g:irue the members of the Syndicates feel
that they can defeat the oarsmen on the
water as well as on land, and they have
posted a notice at the clubhouse challeng
ing the oarsmen to a race, which will occur
shortly. The Syndicate crew are:
Jan.es Cronin, stroke; Al Laib, after
vaist; Thomas Keogh, forwardwaist;
Andy Pastene. bow, and the oarsmen are
;epjesented hy the following crew: Joseph
Earls, stroke; T. J. Sullivan, afterwaist;
L. Duncan, forwardwaist; C. J. Stewart, ;
bOW.
The Syndicates would also like to hear ;
from the South Ends, Pioneers or Ariels i
for a match ;:auie of baseball.
The Dolphins' racing barge has been ,
thoroughly overhauled and is ready lor j
the training of crews for the next re/atta.
The probable entries are Aiex Pare.
Thomas Hopkins, James Couehnn, hd
Sullivan. Thomas Kennedy, P. B. Keenan
and Andy Sasheue.
The work on the interior of the boat
house is progressing rapidly. The plumb
ers have finished their work and the car
penters will follow. When work is com
pleted the Dolphins will have as hne a .
boathouse as there is on the coast.
The installation of officers will take
place next Wednesday nigtit, January 13.
President Joseph B. Heenan; vice-presi
dent Joseph Laib Jr. ; financial secretary,
Frank C. Staib; recording secretary.
Jumcv Earls; treasurer, Adam Sehuppert;
sergeant-at-arms, Peter yon Hadeln; cap
tain Will Patch; lieutenant, Captain R.
Blennorhassett; executive committee-
Will Patch. J. J. Kennedy, T. J. Sullivan;
board of trustees — A. L. Rouard, F. Woer
ner Georee Alferiiz; delegates to P. A. A.
of A. A. l\— A. P. Rothkopf, Joseph B.
Keenan, James j. Cronin.
Will Patch will net enter in the skiff
race in the next regatta, but will row with
the crew and will assist Adam Schuppert
in coaching and training them.
This is to be regretted, as a race between
Patch, Hadiey of the Aiamedas and Cole
of the University Club would be very in
terestine.
The Pioneers will hold a picnic next
Sunday at Hunters Point. A game of
baseball will be played, and as plenty of
refreshments will be taken along a jolly
time is expected.
Gaudaur, the champion oarsman, an
nounces that he will row any man in the
world, in thi- country, in June next, for
from f2500 to $5000 a side. Failing to get
a match on these terms, Gaudaur will go
to England after August 1 next, and row
Harding and Barry, both races to be de
cided within three weeks of each other, i
the stake in each race to be from $1250 to j
$2500 a side.
Both "Wag" Harding and Barry, the !
oarsmen, seem nnxious to row Jake Gau- j
daur for the sculling championship of the i
wor.d. They prefer, however, to row in
England. Barry has already signed pre- j
liminary articles and posted money for a j
race w.th Gaudaur for £250 a side, allow- :
ing Gaudaur for expenses. He is also try- j
ing'to arrange a match with Harding.
George Bubear said to a representative j
of the United Associated Presses yester
day that Barry was almost certain to de
feat Harding, and expressed the opinion
that neither Harding nor Barry was the
equal of Gaudaur in their present form.
BASEBALL.
The S. F. Athletic Club Will Play the
S. F. Violets To- Morrow.
San Francisco is getting more goc k
ball-playintr out of tier boys than any
other city in the world. T:iere is not one
city in the country that will patronize the
game as the sport-lovinij public do here.
It is commented upon by visitors from i
everywhere "that the boys have got the i
town" when it comes to the great National
qarne. Weil, is it any wonder? See the
bail they are playing! Last Sunday it was
anybody's game until the last man was
our.
Each team had its "rooters," and every
one tried to see how much noi?e he could
make. Of course this all helps to make
the game lively. The game next Sunday
at Central Park will bring in a new com
bination that is noted for its snappy bal!
playing. Ev ry game they have played
has been full of life, and no club has ever
played the San Francisco Violets but
knew they had been at a ball game, either
win or lose. The lineup will show that
the teams are evenly matched, it is as
follows:
S. F. Athletics. Position. S. F. Violets.
r.aniolson Left field F. Kelly
Sprllman Second base J. Kennedy
V»n Nordea Shortstop William O'Day
3 oim First base C. Hweigert
I'teiffer Center Held T. Kagan
Siieenan Third bise J. Kelly
l>rews Catcher A. t'ronk
J:ei?so Right field r. Keily
Kaymoud Pitcher T. M.zpatrick
The Couway <fc Bauiuel Baseball Cab
ha 3 reorganiz -d lor the season, and would
like to tear from some country teams.
Thp makeup is as follows: McCormict,
pitcher; Fiizstmmons, catcher; Stanton,
fir9t base; Sandeman, second base;
Meach.im, t&ird base; Beckett, shortstop;
Bannister, right field; Magee, center field;
MeCormicij. left field; Sheenan, extra
catcher. Addres3 all challenges to CoiS
way & Baumel, 4 Hayes street, City.
HANDBALL.
Players Who Will Exercise Their
Limbs in Court.
The following games will be played to
morrow in the San Francisco handball
court:
P. Hutchinson and \Y. Kelly vs. P. Kelly and
1). Connelly; .1. White and J. Collins v.». H.
Murphy and E. Toy ; M. Edwards ana E. Cur-
Jey vs. W. Hamilton and M. llcClure; M. Mc-
Keil and P. Ryan vs. D. Rodders ami \\.
Manion; C. Pious and J. Kearney 7t. 0, Me
Ijonald and L. Corraine; J. C. Nealon and T
F. Bonnet vs. I\ Donnelly and M. J. Kill
gallon.
Members of the Occidental Handball
Club will assemble, by order of Colonel R.
C. O'Connor, in the Occidemal ball court
on Sunday afternoon, the 17th inst, when
me handsome gold medals which were
presented to the <lub by General J. G.
Wall will be handed to the athletes who
won them in contents that were witnessed
by many interested spectators. The suc
cessful competitors were Richard Lina
nan, A. Collins, W. Collins and Master
Willie O'Connor, who is unquestionably a
chip of the old block, it has not yet been
decided who will make the presentaiion
speech, but it is whispered that either
Jim Nealon or John Purceil will be select
ed, as they are both distinguished orators
and thoroueiilv conversant witn the game
of handball. The medals are very hand
some, and the winners of them will have
pood reason to remember the Occidental
Club and the donor, General Wall.
ROD AND REEL.
Rivers That Are In Splendid Con
dition for Fishing.
If there are any fish in the laeoons they
should be caught to-day, as the water is
in splendid condition, and this is the
month w en steelheads are on their jour
ney to gravelly beds. John Butler, Prank
Marcus, "Chaplain" Terry and a few
friends visited Point Reyes last Tuesday,
but they returned with the same old story
that has been told so often this year— viz. ;
more water than fish. On Monday last
Johnny Graham of Point Reyes caught
three large fish on angleworms, and a re
port from the Point which arrived yester
day afternoon states that on Thursday four
Jresh-run fish were caught near the White
Louse.
It is said tnat Italian nshernien have
been se.ning the rish at night near the
Sand Spit and that is one reason why the j
silver aides are so scarce in the pools. As i
there are no deputies to Web the trans- I
gressors of the law a lesson it is believed
that the netters will continue to catch fish.
John Gallagher, the Oakland champion
angler, iourneyed to Russian River last
Monday', but John has not sent word to
his old friend Butler yet regarding the
condition of the river and the nsbini.
Butler says that Gallagher's silence means
something t-ood, and for which reason
he and friends will leave this City to-day
for Duncan's Mills.
A steelhead which had all tne appear
ance of a salmon and which scaled twen
ty-seven pounds was shipped from Dun
can's Mills to this City on Wednesday.
It was caught br an Indian at the mouth
of one of the small streams which empty
into Russian River.
Courslnss
According to the drawing which was
held on Thursday eveoing the following
dogs will run to-morrow at Ingleside
Park:
P. McCabe's Emsport vs. Oronin & McDon
ald's Skybali, M. K. Donovan's Little Weasel
vs. D. Shannon's Sarcastic. T. Cronin's Old
Glory n. D. Shannon's Swinnerton, M. O'Con
nor's Let Fly vs. T. Cox's S«m, J. Fitzpatrick's
Nelly Daly vs. Postal & Haggerty's Magnet, J.
F. Grace's Deceiver vs. P. McCabe's S:. Cloud,
\V. Kay's Eclipse vs. J. Q'iane'B Captain
Morse, P. Harvey's Emma A»bolt vs. M. K.
Donovan's Little Dottle, M. O'Connor's l.ady
Ciilton vs. N. J. Quane's Young Clifton, Bar
tel <t Rosseter's Buna rs. C. Gallagher's Hazol.
T. Butler's Susie vs. E. Geary's Electric. Bartel
& Rosseter's Border's Valentine vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Vida Sfiatt, J. McCormaek's Black
Prince vs. T. Brennau's Gold King, J. Mur
phy's Red light vs. Dillon it Kiley's Sunol,
Dillon & Riley's Queen B vs. J. J. Edmonds'
Mow On, W. Perry's Little Cripple vs. J. Seg
gerson's Wnlie Chiei
Prizes: $45, $-.25, $12, $12.
The following letter from Sacramento is
self-explanatory :
At the Conning Park Sunday there will be
two stHkes — a Pioneer stai^e for does over s.x
years old a';d a puppy stake— in each of which
there are fourteen e.-tnes. On account of the
pars remaining closed on the 3d the coursing
men seenu-d )o»t and are showing more tnau
the usual anxuty for the coining Sunday. L.
McMahou will judge and J. Tevliu will do the
slipping.
Ai the bench show the greyhounds are not
as well represented as ihey might be. This is
prlucipa'ly due to the fact that every owner of
a greyhound is desirous of running his dog ns
often as possible during our short season.
Were ti;e s.'iow at any otner time of the year
the greyhound entries would have easily nut
numbered all other classes of dogs from Sac
ramento.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, C.VL., Jan. B.— The main
topic of conversation at the present time is
tne coming contest between Billie Lewis,
formerly of Chicago, and Charles Turner of
Stockton, which takes place on the evening of
the 12th at the Metropolitan Theater, under
the auspices of the local California Club. The
event will be a ten-round contest, the »»en to
weigh in at 143 pounds. James Gigan, an
old-time athlete, Has been selected as referee,
with Harry Ketcham as manager. The presi
dent of the Ciub, Jak6 Zemansky, is ;he well
known cigar merchant. There will be several
preliminary bouts between local talent.
There is considerable talk among the pugi
listic element concerning a proposed match
between Ike Reubens lein of San Francisco and
Bishop, who is an unknown from Texas. The
latter appeared in this city Beverul months
ago and advertised for a right witii any first
class bantam. Possibly Bishop, now of Texas,
may be n member of the San Francisco Athletic
Cub of thio city who is said to be a pretty
clever boxer.
Game Warden Helms, who has returned
from a trip into Sutter County, reports that
wild ducks are numerous on the boundary
lines of butter and Sacramento counties and
that big guns are being used. He will prob
ably make a raid on the market-huuters with
in a few days.
At a cocking main held last Sunday there
were several hotly contested fights, but the
main was interrupted by a heavy downpour
of rain and in consequence was postponed
until a week from Sunday, when there will be
at least seven battle*. The first fight last Sun
day was between a Half I'ile and a Sing, and
after a half hour's hard battle, both birds
being good dodgers, it resulted in a draw. The
second battle was between & Curlew and a
Sniiwueck. The battle iasted four minutes
and resulted in a victory for the Curlew. The
next contest was between a Clayborn and a
Sing Jap b. inker. This was a stubborn fight
and resulted in a victory :or the Clayborn.
' ' Rutherford.
A UNIVERSITY FUND.
Legislation for Additional Sup
port for the State In
s'itution.
It Takes the Form o: a Bill Creating
a State University Fund— The
Provisions.
A bill is to be introduced into the Legis
lature that is of great moment to the
State University, as it provides for the
support and maintenance and for the ac
quisition of additional necessary property
and itr.p-ovements. It is divided into
five sections and worded to take effect im
mediately, as follows:
Section 1 provides that in addition to
otuer means of support an annual levy
for each fiscal year of 1 cent per $100 shall
be made upon the taxable property of the
State, and shall be colected at the same
time and in the same manner as other
taxes.
Section 2 provides that when the State ;
Board of Equalization mates the annual
levy of State tax-s it must also notify the j
Auditor and Board of Supervisors of each j
county of this 1-cent levy.
Section 3 provides that after the deduc- i
tion of the proportionate share of the ex- i
penses of collecting the money shall be
paid into tne State treasury and con
verted into a "State University fund."
Section 4 prov.des tnai the money paid \
into said fund shall be appropriated for |
the use and support of the University of j
California without reference to fiscal ;
years. The State Controller must draw i
money out of the fund upon the order of
tne Board of Regents of the university or i
any duly authorized officers thereof.
The most important section is No. 5,
which provides that the fund must be
used only for the support and permanent
improvements ot the university, but that
for the first ten years at least one-half the
revenues raised by the 1-cent levy shall
be devoted solely to the acquisition of
lands, buildings and permanent improve
ments.
WILL AID THE JURY.
A School Director Thinks That the
Teachers' Salary Kxpeniti Are
Too High.
The committee of the Grand Jury
charged with keeping an eye on the Board
of Education will have the full assistance
of Chairman Waller of the Finance Com
mittee of the new board.
Mr. Waller thinks that ttoe members of
the substitute class should only be paid
for the time they are actually employed,
and that there are a large number of in
competent teachers in the department
who should be dropped from the roll.
He says that a large number of children
do not attend the public schools because
their parents are unable to buy them the
Siate textbooks and too proud to make
application for the books* to which indi
gent children are entitled. He will have
presented to the Legislature a bill provid
ing that the State shall furnish free to
every pupil of the public schools the full
series of State textbooks.
Stanford E.tate Property Sold.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, executrix of the
estate of the late Leiend Stanford, has sold to
Frank Hickman lots 1, 2, 3. 4, 5, 0, 7 and 8, in
the block bounded by Sixteenth and Seven
teenth, E and F ' streets, city, of Sacramento
for $10,750. The sale was confirmed by Judge
Coffey yesterday. . . ■, .
— • — — -•— , j
Only the highest (trade malt and hops and
purest' spring water are * used in brewing
Evans' India Pale Ale and Brown Stout, hence
their uniform high quality. ; Sherwood &
Sherwood, Pacific Coast Agents. • :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
BUTTLE OF CARDS
AT FEVER HEAT
Third Annual Tournament
of Whist Clubs
Opened.
Votaries of the Game Gather
in Two Clubs to Contest
for Trophies.
Playing Began at 2 O'Clock and Ended
After 11 at Night— Entries
and Scores.
There was a stir among ■^•taries of
whist yesterday, when the great battles
of the year opened in two clubs simul
taneously. Whist clubs of the Pacific
Coa~t were pitted against one another for
trophies and honors, and had their best
teams in the contests. Expert players
from Santa Rosa, Petaluma, Sausalito,
San Rafael, Oakland and San Francisco
were arrayed in fours and twos for the
honor of their respective societies, and
they fought the fascinating battles in
silence during solemn hours of the after
noon and evening until late at night. It
was the third annual convention of the
Pacific Coast Whist Association.
The convention was called to order in
the forenoon at the San Francisco Whist
Club, 326 Post street, by P. J. Tormey,
president of the association. The various
clubs in the association were represented,
but little of a business nature was laid be
fore them excepting the nomination of a
committee to select officers for the ensu
ing year. H. H. Hotaling of the San
Francisco Whist Club, F. H. Atwater of
the Petalumu Whist Club and H. G. Rah
man of the Santa Rosa club were elected
on this committee, which will report to
day.
Tamalpais Club of Sausalito was elected
to membership in the association, and its
team immediately entered tne contests.
With this the business matters were dis
posed of, ami nothing remained to be done
but wait for the coiuests with pleasurable
anticipations. The programme contem
plated six tights — the Rldeout trophy con
test between teams of four representing
Association Clubs, ladies' contest for pairs,
gentlemen's contest for pairs, progressive
match for club fours, progressive match
for club pairs, straight whist — to be con
ducted under the direction of a tourna
ment committee, consisting of P. J. Tor
mey, J. D. Eby, F. H. Atwater. Henry
Pavot, George E. Bates, George M. Mott,
M. H. Denio.
The general rules for all contests were
announced as follows:
Afternoon play to begin at 2 o'clock; evening
play ai 8 o'clock, slurp.
Tne Rideout trophy contest, continuing two
days, will tnte place in the rooms of the Trist
Duplicate Whist Club, in the "Berkshire," on
Jones, near Sutter.
All the other matches will take place in the
rooms of the San Francisco Waist Club, 32U
Post street.
A record ol the result of each match will be
posted in the rooms of both clnbs as soon as
possible after the completion of each after
noon's «nd evening's piays.
Entries /or the various matches other than
straight whist will bs received up to an half
hour before play begins.
When more than one pair enter from any
one club, such players must all take same po
sitions, either north and south or east and
west.
It shall be the duty of players after each
deal to compare their scores with the players
at the same table, but no player shall be al
lowed to see or know any score not made at
his own table until the end of play of each
afternoon and evening, and then only when
announced by the tournament committee. No
player shall be allowed to keep a private or
secoud score or memorandum of any portion
of the match or play, or of the state or condi
tion thereof, or communicate or receive any
information in regard thereto, except such as
is announced by the tournament committee.
Upon any violation of this clause the team of
tue plityer guilty of such violation shall be
immediately required to withdraw Jrom the
match.
In the Rideout trophy contest, first day's
play, a match won will count one, and a
match tied will count one-half. In case of a
tie in the match score, the trick score will de
termine the winner.
All questions arising out of or as a result of
any match will Ue decided by that portion of
tht tournament committee in charge. Ap
peal to the full committee can be taken within
two hours after any decision.
The tournament committee is authorized to
alter the rules in any matter of detail, should
occasion require the same.
At the San Francisco Whist Club ladies
occupied the laree front room. They be
gan playing at 2 p. m. in pairs lor the
prizes presented by tlie Oakland Whist
Club, a gold top bonbon box, a silver
pboto frame, a silver inkstand, a silver
namiled duster. The style of this game
was progressive whist, and the winners
were decided by the average system. The
prizes were for the two pairs getting re
?pect;Tely the highest east and west and
the h ghest north and south scores. The
oiliclnl "core is as follows, showing that
Mrs. Darling and Mrs. Hawes, Mrs. Yaie
and Mrs. Blackwood won, eiving the
prizes to the San Francisco club and the
O.ik. and club:
Oakland Whist Club— Mrs. Coffin, Mrs. Sill,
152, W.
Oakland Whist Club— Mrs. Henshaw, Mrs.
Flint. 157, N.
San Francisco Whist Club— Mrs. Howe, Mrs.
Keith, 153, W.
Scene at the Opening of the Whist Tournament.
San Francisco Whist Club— Mrs. Waldron,
Mrs. Andrews, 158, N.
San Francisco Whist Club— Mrs. Darling,
Mr?. Ha-.ves, 107. N.
San Francisco Whist Club— Mrs. Haskell,
Mrs. Reynolds, 157, W.
Oukland Whist Club— Mrs. Yale, Mrs. Black
wood, 163, W.
Oakland Whist Club — Mrs. Barrett, Mrs.
Moore, 150, N.
Trisi Duplicate WhiPt Club— Mr3. Fredericks,
Mrs. Woodward, 158, W.
San Francisco Waist Clvb — Miss Leviston,
Miss Washburn, 155, N.
Tuesday Evening Clud— Miss Sobey, Miss
Partridge, 153, N.
Oakland Wliist Club — Mrs. Haslitt, Miss
Brown, 154, N.
In one of the rear rooms the gentlemen's
contest for pairs was played, under rules
governing the ladies in the afternoon.
The winners were awarded with four sets,
twenty-four boards eacb, whist trays.
The score stood as follows:
San Francisco Whist Club— M. Forster and
G. VV. Barn hard, 170, X.
San Francisco Whist Club— J. Goldstone and
L. \V. Goldstone, 211, W.
San Francisco Wnlst Clvb — Dr. Lovegrove
and & Meyer, 228. W.
Oakland Whist Club— A. M. Brown and L.
Haslet!, 107, N.
Go'den Gale Whist Clvb — George Murphy
and J. M. Fisher, 223, \\.
San Francisco Waist Club— H. H. Hotaling
and S. Abrams, 160, K.
A glance at the score is enough to show
that the teams were evenly motched. It
must be remembered that the game occu
pied three hours of serious playing, and
the totals were nearly eouel. For&ter and
Barnhard of the ban Francisco club won
north and south, but two east and west
pairs tied on 228, which caused them to
play off six deals after din ner.
Loveeroye and Meyer, of {he San Fran
cisco Whist Club, won in the play-off
against Murphy and Fisher and secured
two of the much-prized sets of cards and
boards. They had hardly ceased playing
when the rooms of the San Francisco
Whist Club began to till with players who
were eager to enter in the evening con
tests. The evening saw a much larger
number ol contestants than the afternoon.
The evening match among club teams
of four was for prizes presented by the San
Francisco Whist Club, consisting of four
engrossed, silver-mounted loving cuds.
The rules governing the play were in effect
that any four Players, members of tiie
same ciub or not, might enter under a
club of distinctive name, and any club
might enter more than one four.
Tue match was played under the pro
gressive system and the team taking the
greatest number of tricks waa declared the
winner, in case of a tie a provision was
made that it be played off this morning
from a number of' deals designated by that
portion of tbe tournament committee in
charge.
Sixteen teams were entered, and the
team from the Trist Club tie d with the
San Francisco Whist Club for first place.
The great event of the tournament is
the association contest for the Rideout
trophy, which opened at 2 p. m. in the
Trist Duplicate Whist Club, 711 Jones
street, and was only half finished at li:30
o'clock.
This contest was played in teams of
four. The first day, under the Howell
system, each club played a certain num
ber of deals, half in the afternoon, the
other half in the evening, which consti
tuted a match, against every other club.
The four teams having the highest
scores of matches won shall be entitled to
enter the semi- finals. Two scores are kept,
viz.: the score of matches won and the
score of tricks taken. Should one or more
clubs be tied with the club having the
lowest score of the four leading clubs the
team having the highest trick score shall
be entitled to place. The second day the
semi-finals shall consist of twenty-four
deals each, and shall be played under the
A. \V. L. two-table system, according to
accompanying schedule. Playera may be
changed before play begins in the after
noon and evenine, but at no other time,
except in case of s ckness.
The lour clubs entering the semi-finals
shall be drawn by lot to play against each
other this afternoon.
The Trist Club rooms were beautifully
decorated in honor of the occasion with
and flowers, &nd a fashionable
or rattier a select party of players wus
gathered there both afternoon and even
ing. In comparison with the trophy all
oiher events appeared as mere passing
events, but then the trophy is a magnifi
cent silver cud greatly Id demand by every
club in the association. It is to be held
by tbe winning club subject to challenge,
under rules adopted by tbe association.
In additiomto it souvenir buttons of the
association will be presented to the four
players who play ior the winning club In
the final match. The following clubs and
players entered the trophy contest:
San Francisco Whist Club— Mrs. George E.
Bates (captain), F. T. Cooper, M. W. Bell, Miss
Sadie Jenkins.
Tamalpais Whist Club— Major O. C. Miller
(captain), Henry C. Campbell, Wakefield
Baker, James A. Thompson.
Lomitas (ladies) of Petaluma— Mrs. E. Den
man (captain), Mrs. George McNear, Mrs. J. L.
Camm. Miss N. L. Penman.
Eschscholtzia Club of San Francisco — Mrs L.
W. Moore (captain), Mrs. J. M. Wright, Miss N.
b. Baldwin, Mrs. E. P. Scheli.
Trist Duplicate Whist Ciub— F. F. Freeman
(captain), J. K. Johnson, A. C. Freeman, F. L.
de Long.
Vallejo Club— F. J. Walter (captain), C. F.
Coivin, Frank Brew, J. M. Brady.
San Francisco Whist Clvb — George E. Bates
(captain), J. K. Hanify, H. C. Richards, D. R.
Wilson.
Santa Rosa WhistClub— W. c. Hill (captain),
H. G. Hahman, P. T. Hahman, F. W. Brown.
When the afternoon deals were con
cluded Santa Rosa was leading and re
ceived congratulations from the other
clnbs. The rivals set to work in the even
ing to change the trend oi the figures,
•with the lollowine. results:
Bask.
i~7~~
a...:.:.
8.......
4.......
6.......
6......
7.
8.....:.
Name of Clnb.
I Won.
13
San Francisco
Vallejo
santaßosa
sun Francisco Ladles...
l'ama'pals.
l omiiaa
Ischscbullzla
risU
■ I •
. 0 .
•4- .
■4:-7
.B^4
3
im
" "is"
1
........
I
Tne San Francisco ladies and San Fran
cisco gentlemen tfiil go into the semi
finals to-day with the Vallejo and Santa
Rosa clubs.
HALL OF JUSTICE
CONTRACT SIGNED
Mayor Phelan Affixed His
Signature to It Yes
terday.
Contractors Waived Claims to
Changes in the Specifi
cations.
City and County Attorney Creswell
Said They Could Not Ec
Legally Made-
Mayor Phelnn signed the contract and
plans for the Hall of Justice yesterday,
thus removing the last obstacle to begin
ning work on t;:e big structure.
The contracters, Arcbiect Shea and
ofhers, were present when the important
cererrony was performed, and all breathed
a sigti of relief when it was finally over.
Previous to signing the Mayor asked
whether the contractors would waive their
claims to changes which they desired to
make in the specifications, and it was on
their giving an affirmative answer that he
a Hixed his signature.
The Mayor's anxiety about the specifica
j tions was occasioned by an opinion len
dered by the City and County Attorney
at the request of the Board of Supervisors.
| He was asked whether or not the specirl
| cations could legally be changed. Yester-
I day he made his reply, which was to the
! effect that the specifications and plans
i could not be changed. His opinion was
| in part as follows: <
The section as originally adopted makes it
imperative that all material mentioned in the
specifications shall be manufactured in the
State of California, if produced or manufac
tured in this State. The substitute makes it
possible to do otherwise by permission of the
board on application and on recommendation
of the architect?. The board, Dy its resolu
tion, directs the City and County Attorney to
omit from the specifications everything in
this section of possible benefit to the City, and
to retain only ihe part thereof that Is ot ad
vantage to the contractor.
Continuing, Mr. Creswell stated that
the resolution directing tbe change to be
made wan adopted long after the adver
tisement inv.ting proposals had been
made, and after proposals had been re
ceived and the contract awarded to the
successful bidder. The board had not
legal power to pass such a resolution. < It
had the physical power to pass it, but not
power to enforce it. The specifications
could not be changed after the advertise
ment inviting proposals had been made.
Certainly they could not be changed after
the contract had been awarded.
In conclusion Mr. Creswell said he had
prepared a contract in accordance with
the act of the Legislature under which
j the proceedings had been conducted. He
declared that the contract should have
been signed long ago, and that there had
not been, in his opinion, any good reason
for the delay. The delay referred to was
occasioned by Mayor Sutro, who had with
held his signature for a variety of reasons,
I and finally turned the matter over to his
I successor.
A Peculiar Accident.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— A peculiar
accident happened to-day. G. W. Foun
tain was driving a produce wagon in the
Watts tract when he was met by a lad
named Lafayette Latimer, who wag riding
a lively pony. When passing the wasroV
the pony jumped onto Fountain's seat
and kicked him off into the road. Lati
nier's wrist and shouderblaJe were
broken and Fountain's right wrist was so
badly fractured that the bones protruded
through tbe flesh Fountai n cannot leave
the hospital for severuldays, but Latimer
went home this evening.
Fees of the Constables.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided that
the appeal of Constable J. H. Johnston of Los
Angeles County was on all fours with the de
cision in the case of Dwyer against Parker, in
which the fee bill was defined. The couit has
no doubt of the constitutional rower of the
Legislature to limit the amount oi compensa
tion which tne officer shall receive for the per
formance of the uuties of his office.
Building Trades Council.
At the last meeting of the Building Trades
Council the following officers were elected:
President, H. C. Hinchen; vice-president, A.
Parks; recording secretary. A, M. Beach;
financial secretary, \V. M. Page; treasurer, C.
Xsham; sergeant-su-arms, C. Phillips. The
council ii in a flourishing condition and the
treasury is we.l filled.
Inventor of Can-Making Machinery.
Henry Schaake has sued the Eagle Auto
matic Can Company, the Pacific Sheet Metal
Works, Henry Pierce, Irvin Ayres, C. H. Watt,
F. P. Howard, W. H. Talbot, A. L. Ayres, H. L.
Hu tchinson, E. B. Pond, William Re nnie, J.
M. Duke, W. P. Johnson, Mary Martin Phil
lips and her husband, John Doe Phillips, for
$42,000, alleged to be due on a contract for
royalty iv using machinery invented and
patented by the plaintiff.
Returned the Fees.
The fees which have been held by the
Justices of the Peace in the City treasury
awaiting the verdict of the Supreme Court in
the test case that was before it, were turned
over to the City yesterday, the Supreme Court
having decided that the Justices were not
entitled to :hviu. Tae amount was $1700.
THEY DANCED
FIVE FIGURES
Miss Caro Crockett Leads
With Edward M.
Greenway.
Third Meeting of the Friday-
Night Cotillon Club Last
Evening.
Fifty« Five Couples Move Through the
Intricate Measures of the
German.
The third cotillon of the Friday Night
Club wa3 beld last evening at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
In point of numbers the affair was not a
brilliant success, only fifty-nve couples be
ing present.
E. H. Greenway led, assisted by Miss
<Jaro Crockett. Five figures were danced
—Gray's figure, four circles, the Maltese
cross, the figure 8 and gliding lines.
The hall presented much the same ap
pearance as it did for the Christmas co
tillon. The same tasteful garlanding of
red bunting and evergreens still remained
and the effect was as before, bright and
pretty.
The next meeting of the Friday Nights,
originally arranged for the 22d inst., has
been postponed to February 5 and the last
cotillon, which had been arranged for Feb
ruary 5, will be held the latter part of Feb
ruary. For this last meeting of the club
Mr. Greenway has arranged many novel
effects with calcium lights.
Those present at the dance last evening
were :
Miss Brown and T. D. Boardman, Miss Ger
trude Bates and A. B. Ku.-stli, Miss Km ma But
ler and Lieutenam Bent, Miss oertrude Buck
ley and Edwin McAfee, Miss Elizabeth Carroll
and George de Long, Miss Elizabeth Cole and
H. S. Dutton, Miss Ethel Cohen and Captain
King, Miss Caro Crockett and E. M. Greenway ,
Miss Genevieve Carolan and H. C. Breeden,
Miss Frances Curry and George Cameron,
Miss Uottie de Noon and . C. L. Davis,
Miss Bertha M. Dolbeer and R. M. Dc
peru, MUs Bernie B. Drown and E.
Houghton, Miss Gertrude Formaii and Stanley
Jackson, Miss Jessie Glascock and Allen G.
Wright, Miss Genevieve Goad and R. Eyre,
Miss Jessie Hobart and A. R. Cotton, Miss May
Hoffman and A. Van Winkle, Miss Alice Hoff
man and T. C. Berry, Miss Rose Hooper and
Lieutenant D. E. Nolan, Miss Helen Hopkins
and Atherton Macondray, Miss Lucy Jackson
and A. F. Williams, Miss Florence Josselyn
and Louis Masten, Miss Mary B. Kip and
Thomas Breeze, Miss Edith Mcßean and L. S.
Adams, Mrs. Magee and Thomas Magee, Miss
Edith Merry and B. GrimwooU, Miss Florence
Mills and John Laivsou, Miss Frances Moore
and J. A. O'Sullivan, Mrs. Percy Moore and
Percy Moore, Miss Alice Moffit and Lieutenant
Gardiner, Miss Mai Moody and Watson
Douglass, Miss Eva Moody and Hubert Mcc,
Mrs. Moulder and A. D. Keys, Miss Mamie Mc-
Nuttand A. E. Wiltsee, Miss Eihcl Patton and
Leonard Chenery, Miss Prestou and Harrison
Parker, Miss Ethel Rodgers and R. C. Croxton,
Mrs. Ruuyon and Frank Sherwood, Miss Kate
Salisbury and R. H. Sherman, Miss Schneely
and M. F. Davis, Miss Bertha Smith and S. H.
Boardmau, Miss Ettiei Smitn and Martin A.
McCully, Miss Alice Sprague and R. W. Camp
bell, Miss Sherwood and W. R. Sherwood, Miss
Florence Stone and Percy M. King, Mis* Cora
Smedberg and R. P. Hayne, Miss Carrie Taylor
and Frei MeNear, Miss Motile Thomas and
Latham McMullln, Miss Marie Voorhies and S.
Clark Porter, Miss Helen Wagner and Mr.
Grace, Miss Warburtonaud Consul Warburton,
Miss Romie Wallace and H. W. Hl;gins, Miss
Juliette Williams and J. Rathbone, Miss Bessie
Zane and Harry Pringle, Miss Mnrguerite
Joliiffo aud Alf Clement, Miss Hoff and Frank
L. Owen.
GAVE THE WRONG NAME.
A Man Who Wan Robbed Tried to Hide
Bit Identity and Lost His
Case.
T. J. Williams, alias T. J. Carroll, a
resident at the Lick House, complained
to Chief Crowley on Thursday last that
two women unlcnowu to him and a waiter
at the notorious Monie Carlo saloon had
robbed him of $25. The accused trio were
gathered in by the police and were on
trial yesterday morning before Police
Judge Low.
The complaining witness, however, had
failed to swear correctly to his name in
the complaint, and when he appeared in
court he stated his name was Carroll.
Upon this showing Thomas F. Graham,
who was until yesterday Assistant Prose
cuting Attorney in Polire Court 3, but
who is now in the regular ranks of attor
neys, demanded a dismissal and won his
first case.
The women arrested were Theresa Aus
tin and Mary Miller, their alleged accom
plice being Oliver B. Craig.
ANOTHEfi EXPEET.
Finance Committee Appoints »wmar.
Telephone Charges
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met last night. C. E. New
man, ex-gas inspector, was appointed an
additional expert to assist the committee's
present expert. Sydney Williams.
Chairman Kottanzi stated that he had
discovered a lack of uniformity in the
charges for telephones, and proposed in
vestigating the matter.
WEW TO-DAT.
AN EXPENSIVE DRINK
Valued Higher Than a Howe and Rifle.
A soldier in the regular army was com-
menting on the strength of an Indian' 3
love for whisky. "They are the biggest
fools you ever saw. I came across a buck
one day on the plains and he asked if I
had any whisky. I shook the canteen and
told him there was only one drink there.
He insisted on having it and offered his
rifle for it. Finally he got mad because I
wouldn't take the rifle and pony. You
never saw such fools. Why didn't I make
the trade? I would, but, you see, that
was the oniy drink I had."
This story is used to illustrate the power
of human habits, and to speak particularly
to those who are annoyed with the coffee
habit, which is the cause of an immense
amount of sickness, the coffee never being
suspected. Chemists tind the same poi-
sonous alkaloids in coffee as in strychnine,
tobacco and morphine.
It is easy to quit coffee by adopting the
delicious health coffee made of the grains,
wheat, etc. Postum cereal ha 9 the deep
seal-brown color of tine Mocha, and
changes to the rich golden brown of old
Java when cream is added. Its fragrance
and flavor are charming.
W r hen coffee is left off and postum put
in its place the old troubles of the body
disappear, and under the true nourish-
ment of the food drink new vitality,
strength and the ruddy color of health
quicKly appear. Postum makes red blood
for adults and children and is a most
grateful change from berrj coffee, the new
beverage having everything in its favor
and none of the hurtful properties of the
old. Made at Battle Creek, Mich., by the
Postum Cereal Company, Lim.
Dr. Albert P. Hedges, 1381 North Clark
street, Chicago, says: "It is a long needed
article."
"Just as good" as Postnm Cereal are
words used to defraud the public.
"WO OR enemT"
%STOLE/
An ene-^^A -.. B • What
my stoI^HBL ||3 y®r has' hap-
into your^fe '^l V^'P ene( i?«
house one^Bf^ B * ' Simply
day last week^Sßk M this : the cold
and touched!^ # has settled on
you lighUy JQLi^y - — :
!TT-ffr ?l «fearged with blood
thought little of^theggini inflamed. In-
matter at the time,^H stead of passing the
for the enemy was fßm waste matter out of
only a vagrant cur-[H|the body they are
rent of air. But ßM damming it up in
now you are begin- blood. Every
ning to learn whatßf^^ yts « VC 7
mischief the KttkPS l^ ****.*& to
... ... f Kufcj the poison in you.
intruder did, forMg orrnal action
yourbacfcissuffand|B of the kidneys
painful. YourheadKffl w i|i pur ify the
aches, and at times gjjjßJ blood. Nothing
you feel dizzy. *|Helse will.
Is the friend in need. It will reduce the Inflam-
mation, so that the grip on the tissues of the
blood-vessels is relaxed, and the uric acid is
sent on its way out of the body. '
Large bottle, or new style, smaller one at your druggists.
DR. COOK CURES
-g|7s|"g^ Nervousness,
Jm^f^^^^ Night Emissions.
QbeO? Lost Manhood,
®&zki \C^\ Gonorrhoea »
'^^m^^^Mw^^. Varicocele »
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert
on Female Complaints, Piles, Rupture,
Rheumatism, Catarrh, Blood and Skin
Diseases and all Functional Diseases of the
Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Electricity given in conjunction
with medicines when deemed advisable.
Mail Treatment always satisfac-
tory — therefore write if you cannot call.
FREE 1300K on men's diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Office hoars: 9to
12 a. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays
10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR cook agsasyL.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ News of the Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
\si ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
! J
3 Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
I °\ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
j©/ It's the Paper to Send East if
jjD You Want to Advertise
IrV - . California.
! 3 \ /
J \ /~;
J; The Best \ / Mining
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
& Service on /S. Is Accurate
o( The Coast / up to date
3 — - —
°" ' Not a Line of it Sensational
ol 'or Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
°J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
DC
r-J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
Thoughtful. Truth.
{ I) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
| n ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES • ; SENT BY
n HOME ; . .; MAIL, $1.50
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR 111
I Men Made Over I
Any man suffering from the effects of ®
follies and excesses restored to perfect (•)
health, manhood, and vigor. Night losses, &
drains and emissions cea»o at once. The &
Errors of Youth, Premature Decline. Lost ><
Manhood, and all Diseases and Weak- »
nesses of Man, from whatever cause, OS
permanently and privately cured. (•)
SMALL, WEAK PARTS ENLARGED <•
AND DEVELOPED. ®
FREEST I
Our regular »8.00 package Paris Vital ®
Sparks, a full month's treatment, 100 ®
doses, sent Free for a feu day* only. ®
Mailed closely sealed. Cut this out. ft ra
only appears once. Write noir. to-day. ><
TH£ DR. AKCHAMBACLTCO.,Dept.«3
No C. 0. D. or Prescription Fraud. 1
9>SXs)(s<s)iSXs)®i®®®®®(s)<^^
fira Chloh«Ur'» Ea«lUh Diamond Brand.
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P >4f*v ' Original and Only Gfnolnc A
yrfirA ««rt, »lw»7» ralUblt. ladies uk a\
fid LJr^kft Dni»fl«» tor OUchattri En^lUS J>l»M%\
fJ*^i^t&Q\mmd Brand a Hed mud Chid mtum«V%JV
—^V/yjboxw, titled with blae ribbon. Tab* \Lr
1?I M^ Wjn»»tkerw Rtfiut dangerous rulttifi. ▼
If fWUmt and tmUatitni. At Dru«iitf, or nod 4a,
I W ~m la tumpr for partießlara, M*tlm«sUli »a J
V V* " '0 ; "Relief tor Lsdlea." in lettf. by rrtarn
-\, - If MalL . i 0,000 T.«laiooUli. Htm, Paptr.
— 7;c»leJie.terCfce«l«U <Jo.,M«dUon SqaaVal
Mitf ULnalDruccittfc VhOmi^vS
r, opium
The pur» essential extract from the native drag Con»
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opluia
without Jt» noxious elements. No sickness cfstomarlii
no vomiting ; no costlvenega ; no headache. Ail Drujr>r is t
910
OFFICERS OF WAR
AND COLLEGE MEN
They Will Contest To-Day
in a Society Football
Game.
West Point and Annapolis
Against Graduates of Uni
versities.
Gridiron Heroes of Many Teams to
Fight for Maidens' Favor at
Central Park.
A football contest in which society will
take a great interest is to be waged at
Central Park this afternoon. The game
Will be called at 3 o'clock. The proceeds
will be devoted to charity, and the glory
of victory will be the only reward desired
by the participants.
It will be a society event, for all the
players are young, well educated, ath
letic, unmarried and, in some instances,
might even be considered good looking.
One team is composed entirely of young
commissioned officers who have been reg
ularly graduated from the United States
Military Academy at West Point or the
naval academy at Annapolis. And that
means thattnese men were, pernaps, tne
pick of many competitors in different
parts of the Union when they secured
their appointments to the academies, and
it certainly means that they must have
been pnysically perfect to be accepted and
retained as students at those institutions
where gallantry, courtesy and dancine
are almost as much a part of the course of
instruction as are the studies associated
w th the art of war. Of the sixteen young
officers that may be called upon to play
nine are West Pointers and seven are An
napolis men.
The other team is composed of univer
sity men, representing the following insti
tui'ious: Harvard, Yale, University of
California, Stanford, Stevens Institute of
Technology, Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, University of Missouri and
William Jewell Coiiege. There will bo
sixteen on hand to insure a serviceable
team, in case of accident to the original
eleven. All of the college men are gradu
ates who have received their degrees.
Many of them are members of the swell
University Club.
These then are the players. What mat
ters it how the game goes? But tnere are
enough veterans with Varsity reputations
to maintain to insure a lively contest.
Where tne young officers of the army and
navy, conhning themselves strictly to
their own class, nave an advantage in pos- ,
sessing material most of whch is fresh
from the academy teams and naif of which
has been actively engaged with the Oiyrn
pic Cub eieven this season, tne University
Club has almost evened ub matters by bor
rowing some excellent old material that
could not be found among the members of
the clud itself.
In this way, while primarily for charity,
the game resolves itself into a contest be
tween the representatives of the army
and navy branch of society and the civilian
branch.
Following are the men that will play, j
arranged as they will oppose each othei,
and with their stripped weights indicated:
A rmy and Navy. Position. University Men.
Nolan (cape), 156.... L. K. K. Coyne, 175
K.™.i7a UT.R. { T Mage^ lbQ
Haan, 180 \r „ « / ...Will Priugie. ISO !
Kubm / J> ""1.... Kd Pringle. 175
Ames, 185 C Harvey, 215
ileuoher, 185 B. O. ..Ray Sherman, 185
KHvana^lVo::::} R-T.-.-Phar Downing, 180
McCofmack, 158 R. E. L Dibblee, 146 !
: ley;i52;:::::}----Q-----{--- .>
- S i-»on 158 } 1.. H. Tl / F.McNear (c.) 152
Carson. 158 j- L. H. R-( FrHnk . helme ; i 166
Raby, 160 l „ M ', ("....'.Searight, 17* 1
England-, ...... . /*• ■**" (....W. Mxgee, 165 !
King, 165 F S. McNear, 165
Of the army and navy team Nolan,
Haan, Ames, Bent, Hinckley, Carson and j
King are lieutenants in the army;!
Menober is an adjutant at Angel Island; J
while Karns, Kavanagh, McCormack and !
Baby are naval cadets soon to be pro
moled; England is an ensign and Runm
is a naval constructor. King, who will
play fullback and do the kicking for the
team, was graduated from West , Point
with the class of '96. He played on the
academy team several years and was the
captain during the seasons of '94: and '95.
Carson, who will play halfback, was !
graduated in 1894 and captained the team !
in his senior year. . Nolan, who will cap* j
tain the team to-day, was graduated only I
last year, and in addition to being the best !
end that has ever played on thy coast j
was last year rated as one of the two best !
end rushes in America during his last
season on the West Point team. McCor
mack, who will play the other end to-day, ]
is a veteran fresh from the Annapolis j
team, as is also Karns, who will play j
tackle.
Menoner and Haan are new at the i
game, not having played during their col
lege careers. Hinckley, who will play
quarter if he has to, was so severely in
jured at football while at West Point that
lie runs risk? in again attempting the
game.
Of the University Club players many
have had Varsity experience. Coyne was
captain and end on the Stevens Institute
of Technology team before his graduation
in '94, and subsequently was end on the
great Orange Athletic Club team. Olney
was end at Berkeley previous to
his graduation in '9L Thomas Magee
was half and end at Berkeley before 1891,
and played considerably at Harvard, from
which he was graduated in • 1893. Will
Pringle was a Yale '94 man and picked up
the game there. Ed Pringle was a Berke
ley '93 man. Harvey, when he carried
less superfluous ilesh than at present, was
center, for Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. Ray Sherman was guard on
the Berkeley Varsity for three years and
was graduated last year. - 
••Phat" Downing played on the Stan
ford Varsity during his whole 1 four years
at college, first as halfback, next as guard,
next as center, and before bis graduation
in '95 as tackle. He captained the victori
ous team of '94, and was also a baseball |
player.
Dibtlee, a Harvard '93 man, played four
years on his class team and was substi
tute one year on the Harvard Varsity.
Harrelson. a gratiuat&of Stanford in '95,
was quarter on the Varsity football team
nnd hslder on the Varsity baseball team.
1 red McNear, a Harvard graduate of the
early '90's, played half on the Harvard
Varsity during the early games of one
Beason until injured.
Frankenheimer, a graduate of Stanford
in '96, was another four-year varsity man,
first at end but latterly at half, where £c
became a terror to Berkeley men.
Searight played football four years at
"William Jewell College in Missouri before
graduating there, and spending last year
at the University of Missouri, where he
also played before coming to Stanford
and winning a place on the victorious
Thanksgiving team. W. A. Magee is a
.Berkeley '87 man and a graduate of Ste
vens Institute of Technology in '88, and
played half on the Varsity at both places.
S. McNear is a Harvard '95 man, and,
in addition to playing on hia class team,
was during his senior year substitute on
t:<e Varsity.
Such will be the array of gridiron heroes
gathered from many colleges. And with
them upon the field a; officials will be the
three most prominent players of the col
lege football season just closed.
There will be ihe uiguiiied and studious
looking Ransome, with his gold-bowed
spectacles, unfamiliar only to those alone
who know the great Berkeley lullback
and captain in football attire. He will
act as referee and will keep a particular
lookout for the ball. Then there will be
the towering, quiet and easy-going piant
Fick.ert, who captained the Stanford team.
He \flll be the umpire and will watch for
offside plays and fouls.
The last of this prominent trio will be
Cotton, the youthful San Francisco giant,
who was the hero of the Thanksgiving
game and who is now Stanford's captain
electfor the next season. The timekeeper
has not yet been decided upon.
The Fir*t Regiment military band will
be in attendance and will furnish martial
music before the game and between the
halves.
Speaking yesterday of the game, Lieu
tenant Carson of the Presidio said:
"It has been thought that we have the
advantage and should win, but I do not see
it. When the University Club first chal
lenged us it was as the University Club,
but when it found that it could not oppose
us with such a formidable team as it ex
pected Lieutenaut Nolan consented to the
use of university men not members of the
club. He had to do so or the game would
probably have been canceled. Now we
have a pretty strong combination to go up
against.
"This will only be the beginning, how
ever. If this game prove a success it
means that an army and navy football
team will be a regular thing here. It will
be the means of infusing an added interest
into the life of the army posts about the
bay and into the lives of the naval officers
stationed here. It will bring the younger
officers of the two branches of the service
more closely together.
•'San Francisco is already considered a
favorite station, and the establishment of
a good army and navy football team will
certainly be the means of attracting the
good players to this port when they shall
have graduated from the academies."
Last night probably half the members of
the Army and Navy team attended the
Friday night cotillon, regardless of the
fact that when society should next look
upon them they would not be attired in
immaculate evening dress, but in the dirty
padded suits of the gridiron field.
The game should go to the officers, as
most of them are in better form ior having
played this reason and last season, while
their epponents are in many instances
Jong from the field, some stars and some
very mediocre players. The weakness in
the army and navy play will probably be
in its tirst formations, in the handling and
passing of the quarter, wno is not an ex
pert though he will be behind a superior
center.
With Downing at his best in the line
and the splendid defensive playing of
Frankenheimer and Searight the Univer
sity Ciub may be able to make up for some
of its men that are individually outclassed
by such players as Nolan, McCormack,
Ames and probably King.
IROQUOIS BURY HATCHETS
The Retiring President Will
Always Hereafter Wear
Diamonds.
Anniversary of the Battle of New
Orleans Is Celebrated in Regular
Acnual Fashicn.
The Iroquois braves had a big time last
evening. It was General Andrew Jackson
night, the Bth of January, anniversary of
tbe battle of New Orleans, and the regu
lar annual installation of officers.
In retiring frcm the presidency, Senator
Gildea made a feeling speech, declaring
that the braves, in their recular attend
ance at the meeting, had shown their
determination to see good government in
the City, State and Nation. He thanked
the club for kindnesses shown him, and
especially thanked the board of trustees
for the faithful manner in which they had
attended to their duties.
Loui3 Metzger made reply, declaring
that the club fully appreciated Mr. Gil
dea's efforts in behalf of the organization
and his consideration toward the mem
bers as president. He thereupon pre
sented the retiring president with a hand
some gold watch charm, studded with dia
monds. The charm bore tbe insignia of
the club, the head of an Iroquois brave, on
one side and on the other tiie name of the
club and the date.
Mr. Gildea responded in a few fitting
wordt. He then appointed Max Popper
and L. V. Merle a committee to escort the
new orticers to their respective places.
Judge A. D. Lemon, the new president,
was first installed. la his address he
prophesied prosperity and increasing
numbers foi the club. He was enthusi
astically applauded.
The other officers installed were: First
vice-president, T. J. Welcb ; second vice
president, L. F. Byington; recording sec
retary, D. J. Gordon; financial secretary,
A. D. Pratt; corresponding secretary, N.
McMenomy; treasurer, P. J. Thoma«;
trustees— W. J. Bryan, T. A. Burns, L. V.
Merle, Louis Metzger, A. Tillman, E. P.
E. Troy, Samuel L. Waller.
The following committees were named
by the president :
Finance committee— Senator Meade, A. J.
Stangenberger, Professor Simmons.
Resolutions— Max Popper, James J. Flynn,
George H. Cabauis, Joseph Legeett, Samuel
MeKee.
Literary— Charles Gildea, Raymond Rob
bias, J. Early Craig.
Cbiei scout— August Uhlambrock.
Assiste.nt scout— H. L. Beinfleld.
Second assistant scout— Charles de Cleer.
Collector— M. Metzger.
An adjournment was taken for refresh
ments, wnich were served in an adjoining
room, after which Raymond Robbing de
livered an address on General Jackson.
Christian Socialism.
Rev. W. D. P. Bliss of Boston will deliver an
address at the Young Men's Christian Associ
ation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The Brother
hood of St. Andrews will also be in attend
ance. Rev. Mr. Moreland, rector of St. .Luke's
Episcopal Church, will assist iv the service,
which will De free to all young men. The gal-
I lery will be reserved lor ladies.
TUNNEL UNDEE THE SEA.
Italy and Sicily Are Planning a Tre
mendous Undertaking.
A tunnel between the mainland of Italy
and the island of Sicily is now being ac
tively projected. Plans and a raoael com
plete in every detail were executed by the
Italian civil engineer, De Johannis, and
are now on exhibition at tha University of
Padua, says the Philadelphia Record.
The principle employed by him is that
of boring in parabolic spiral lines. After
thorough and careful studies of the Strait
of Messina, its varying depths, the nature
of the ground and all other conditions
which might assist or interfere with tha
success of the enterprise, De Johannis de
cided to begin his tunnel near San Gio
vanni di Sanitello, at the foot of the Aa
promonte mountain ranee, while the
mouth on the other side will be located on
the plain "degli Inglesi."
The entire tunnel will be nearly two
miles long and will consist of two shafts of
about 10,000 feet each, descending at a
grade not exceeding thirty-two feet in
each 1000. Such a tunnel would be much
preferable to a bridge, which would have
to have a span of 4500 feet, and with the
enormous strength of the winds in the
strait such an attempt appears to be ex
ceedingly dangerous. This tunnel will
cost about $350 000,000, but the money has
not yet been appropriated.
A recently patented device for inspect
ing the bottoms of streams has a heavy
metallic tube, the lower end of which is
closed with plate glass, an auxiliary tub;
containing a lamp and reflector and means
for supplying air to the llanie of the lamp.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
ALL THE HORSES
WEAR SNOWSHOES
A Custom Now Prevalent
in the Mountains of
Plumas County.
The Shoes Are Coated on the
Bottom Heavily With
India-rubber.
In Consequence of This They Do Not
Ball With Snow— Fsilure of the
Aluminum Shoe.
E. D. Bowman, one of the owners in
the Eclipse Mining Company, operating
1100 acres of hydraulic property under the
shadow of lofty Pilot Peak in Plumas
County, is at the Russ.
This placer mine is six miles north of
Gibsonville and near Onion Valley. The
altitude of the place is about 5500 feet and
enormous quantities of snow fall there in
the winter. It not infrequently reaches
to the depth of twenty feet. It being so
E. D. BOWMAN, the Mine-Owner of Pilot Peak Where All
the Horses Wear Showshoes.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.
snowy there tbey put snowshoes on even
ibeir animals.
" To overcome the disadvantages of the
snow and enable na to carry on our pro
jects there," said Mr. Bowman yesterday,
"we put snowshoes on the horses. By
doing this we are able to get in our sup
plies of groceries, meats, canned goods
and other things, and to transport the
product of our mines. All oui picki,
shovels, giant powder and similar tbincs
that have to be taken about in winter
are handled in this way.
"Only California-bred horse 3 are used.
It has been found these are the best, and,
if possible, we eet mountain horses — those
that are raided at high altitudes. The
horses go right along in the snow. They
usually take a fast walk, but sometimes
they trot a little.
"They get so accustomed to the snow
shoes that they don't stumble or fall at
all, and they like the snowshoes so well
that they don't like to walk without them-
They will put up their feet to have the
snowshoes put on.
"We used wooden shoes at first and
they worked very well, but now we
have something a great deal better. It
consists of a thin steel plate eigtit inches
in diameter, through wnich are holes for
the corks of the ordinary shoe. The plate
is fastened by a steel spring to the lower
part of the hoof, and there is a nut on it
so it can be screwed up tight with a
wrench.
''On the bottom of this steel plate is a
coating of indiarubber, and this, by the
way, is a great improvement in horse
snowshoes. It keeps the shoe free entirely
of snow, whereas formerly snow usad to
clog and rill up on the plate. This would
cause the horses to slip and flounder
around.
»"Now the horses co right along. They
do not trip and fall. Even when tho
horses are fitted out with snowshoes for
the first time they rarely ever fall, thoush
of course they are usually steadied a little
till they get the hang of things.
"But we are careful not to select nervous
horses. A nervous horse, when he falls,
gets excited and struggles. He doesn't lie
still. If he did he would rest and could
then get up, but a nervous hor^e will wear
himself completely out by struggling. So
we don't wnnt ahorse that's too high
spirited. We rather prefer those that are
quiet and not easily perturbed.
"Tlie trained snowsboe horses go any
where, no matter how precipitous the
mountains are, nor how deep the snow is.
We tried for awhile making snowshoes
out of aluminum for the horses. The
metal was light, and it was thought for a
time that it would be just the thing. But
we found that the aluminum, unlike steel,
woulu bend, so wo gave up the new white
metal and stuck to the steel, using a thick
rubber coating for the bottom.
"Our horses have got accustomed to
these shoes, and they don't like to go
throuph the snow without them. The
snowshoes are indispensable in wild,
snowy regions like that about Mount Pilot.
We couldn't get along without them."
Mr. Bowman is not toinc back to his
mine immediately. He wants to stay
here for a time and see things grow.
BAOK TO DURANCE VILE.
An Km- ip< <1 Nevada City Jail Bird to
Be Unturned To-Morrow.
George Horstman, a fugitive from the
County Jail, Nevada City, is in custody
here, and Sheriff D. B. Getchell has come
to return the prisoner to his proper cell.
Horstman is an old-time culprit, having
served ten years' imprisonment on a
charge of robbery in this county. His
most recent term of imprisonment, how
/
ever, was one of 150 days for a conviction
of, petty larceny. While doing chores
about the County Jail he escaped, pro
tecting his -flight by running among a
crowd of children " just returning f rcm
school. He. was captured on the Barbary
Coast on Wednesday last. : - .
WAS DESPONDENT.
George D. D wight Bled Hlnnelf to Death
Because He Could Not Get Work.
George D. Dwight. a millwright, 67
years of age. committed snicide early yes
terday morning by cutting his thioat.with
a penknife. He lived at 110 Sixth street.
He was discovered a few minutes before
hi 3 death and hurried to the Receiving
Hospital, but too late to save his life.
Despondency was the cause oi the act.
He left the following letter to his landlord:
San Francisco, Jan. 7, 1897.
I have concluded to end my existence, and
not wishing to have any mistake in my iden
tity I will state that my name is George G.
Divight. I was born in Belcbertown, Mass.,
on the 22d day oi September, 1830. I came to
California ih 1855. lived in Sonora, Tuolumne
County, until 18t>8, whence I removed to San
Franci.-co. lam a millwright by occupation.
Being out of work and feeling somewhat des
pondent I thought I would take a ion? rest
trom my earthly cares. Forfuriher identifica
tion I refer you to 562 Church, street, San
Francisco. George G. Dwight.
THE JUBY DID NOT ACT.
A Charge Again-t J. J. Bauer That
Wag -Without Result. ';'.
Collector J. J. Raver was before the
Grand Jury yesterday. to answer an accu
sation brought by Attorney Turn Suden
that he had forged the latter's name to .a
writ of execution.
- Raver stated positively that Turn Suden t
bad given him permission to sign the
name and that, moreover, he had signed
••Turn Suden, per Raver." He says that
the accusation is nothing but spite work.
The jury did not act on the matter, and
after the session the District Attorney de
clared that no urouiiQ on which to base an
indictment existed.
SOCIALISM A PANACEA.
The Rev. W. D. P. Bliss Says
It Will Cure An
archy.
He Tells How Soma Sa'oons Do More
Than Churches to Aid the
Poor.
Rev. W*. D. P. Bliss, lecturer, author
and sociologist, spoke at tbe Good Samar
itan borne laut night on his favorite theme,
Christian socialism.
The speaker dwelt at some length on
the origin an-1 development of the social
ist idea in the church, concluding that
churches are creatly at fault for not jloing
more than they do to carry into practice
in the marketplace the principles of the
golden rule.
He advocated labor unions under proper
guidance, and said: "If Christ should re
turn to earth he would say, 'Thou shalt
not be a scab!' " He said much to show
that we cannot drive God out of life.
Tbe speaker held that there is much in
the conduct of the churches in social mat
ters to ieave thera open to grave criticism,
saying: "In many ways the saloons offer
to the downtrodden workinpman more
hope and assistance than he geta from our
rich churches."
The Bpeaker believed the time had come
when churchea ought to organize move
ments to bring God and the golden rule
into everyday life. He was glad that many
parishes in his church had already organ
ized circles for the intelligent study ot so
cial problems, and he saw much hope in
tbe continuation of the movement to dis-'
seminate better views among the masses.
"I oo not believe low wages are so much
the result of meanness," he said, "as of
the vicious system itseif under which men
work."
The spenker argued at some length that
the duty of ministers ia to project the doc
trines of Jesus into the wide realms of in
dustry and make them supreme in the
kingdom of trade. He opposed land spec
ulation, and urged municipal ownership
of public works, finally predicting that
Christian sociali.sm would prove a panacea
for coming anarchy.
Jackson Athletic Club Won.
There was a game of football at Central Park
yesterday afternoon in which the players and
spectators were generally combined In an
almost indiscriminate herd that drifted and
fluctuated about the field. It was the youth
ful Jackson Athletic Club contesting with the
second team of the Lowell High School. The
little athletic club won, with the final score
112 to 0. Touchdowns were made in their or
der by Steele, Rooney and Duden, but the
quarterback, though he did well otherwise,
missed all the goals. The Jackson Athletic
Club is a semi-social and semi-uthletic organ
ization composed of fifteen boys who meet at
the residence of Dr. Dorr, the father of one of
the members The club has been in existence
two years. Yesterday's game was the second
it has played. The "fust was with the Wash
ington Grammar School, which gave up the
contest at the end of the first half, when the
score was 24 to 0 in favor of the Athletic Club.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CREDITORS VOTE
FOR INSOLVENCY
Now in Order for Levin
Brothers' Assets to
Be Sold.
Some Bookkeeping Peculiarities
Explained by One of
the Firm.
A Large Meeting of Creditors in
Which Some Very Pointed
Questions Were Asked.
Nearly one hundred creditors of Levin
Brothers met at the City Board of Trade
yesterday afternoon to hear the report of
the committee appointed to investigate
the condition of the failure and firm.
Jacob Levi presided.
Chairman Levi made an opening state
ment to the effect that the statement
made by a Front-street merchant that the
committee was "cooked and dried" was
false iv every particular. He said he had
carried out his trust as a member of the
committee fully. He asked for a vindica
tion, in default of which he presented the
alternative of declining to act further as
chairman.
Mr. Lilienthal of the Anglo- California
Bank and Mr. Schutz of Haas Bros, made
remarks in support of tne chair's integ
rity, the latter saying that Mr. Levi had
certainly been wrongfully accused and
that the amounts given in by Levi & Co.
and all other lar^e creditors had oeen
verified. Mr. Levi appeared satisfied and
continued to serve.
Cashier Lilienthal made the report for
the committee. As assets, he reported:
Total merchandise, $31,29145; fixtures,
$689150; good outstanding accounts,
$3940 29; accounts doubiful ami bad, $10,
--292 22 Total assets, $42,123 24.
Indebtedness: Total, $157,675 02; deficit
between assets and liabilities, $115,55171;
total deficit, $101,501 76. He stated and
showed that there is a difference of opinion
on the outside as to the value of the assets,
amounting to about $35,000. It was then
stated that Levin Brothers offered a settle
ment of 33% cents on tne dollar, and that
if this was not accepted, insolvency pro
ceedines would necessarily ensue, and that
this meant that the creditors would not
get more than one-half of the offer of
settlement from the firm. Mr. Lilienthal
stated that the committee made no recom
mendations, and had not cons>dered street
rumors or resolutions of outside organiza
tions.
Mr. Whitney, a prominent creditor and
member of the committee, stated that he
asked at the store for the cashbook, and
was told hhri r the young lady there that they
never kept one. He said he was told the
money was dumped into a common til! ;
that the partners took what money they
wanted, sometimes putting in a memo
randum and sometimes not.
At this point of the proceedings a com
mittee of the Retail Grocers' Association,
wuicii had b.-e;i waiting outside, was re
ceived. Joseph Stuiz being the chairman
and spokesman. He presented a resolu
tion of the association, protesting against
any settlement with Levin Brothers ior
less than 100 cents on the dollar, on the
ground that theiirm bad bought goods of
certain wholesalers and sold them for less
than cost, which had precipitated t c
tailure, and because a settlement on any
other basis would be putting a premium
on a disastrous cutting of prices. 'The
resolution also stated that the association
woulu lend ali its influence to prevent a
settlement on any other Oasis.
Chairman Levi asked if Stulz would
give a uuurantee that no settlement would
La made with Levin Bros, for less than
100 cents on the dollar.
This pointea question clo?ed up the
spokesman for the Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation. He responded that be could not
give a guarantee for his neighbors.
On motion of Mr. Lihenthal the Retail
Grocers' Association committee was then
rather brusquely excused, so that the
creditors cou;d proceed with business.
Julius Levin, a member of the firm, was
outside. He was called in, and consented
to reply to any questions > asked him. He
said, In reply to questions, that the firm
had never sold anything below cost, and
be defied anybody to show facts to the
contrary. They had sold goods at cost
sometimes, but never below. He said
that whatever cuts in price were made
were first made by others, and they had to
meet them. Tha one who made the
bignest right got the trade. As to the
ca.-hbo k, he said the business had been
:i mutual affair; that the brothers were
honest with each other, and had kept no
classified cash account for eighteen years.
What moneys they received were entered
in the daybook, and what moneys paid
out were jolted on a memorandum, which
was made for the benefit of the girl, and
torn up in the evening.
Mr. Vansicklen of the firm of Dodge,
Sweeney & Co. stated emphatically he did
not think it possible for Levin Brothers to
secure a settlement with his firm even at
75 or 90 cents on the dollar.
The fact that there are two attachments
on the stock and that they would take
precedence was announced. Mr. Johnson
proposed selling the stock at auction, but
this was strongly opposed by Chairman
Levi and others.
A motion to settle with the firm for 33%
cents on the dollar in notes good at the
banks was rejected by a lrrge majority. It
was finally voted to be the sense of the
creditors present tnat Levin Brothers be
thrown into involuntary insolvency; that
tbe committee be continued, and that it
do the best it could with (he assets.
UNIFORM ACCOUNTS.
An Made to Have All Transportation
Companies Adopt Thexn.
In accordance with a resolution passed
at the la-t meeting of the Railroad Com
missioners, Secretary Samuel Newman is
sending out letters to the fifty-five railroad
and steamship transportation companies
of the State, of which the following is a
copy:
On the 23d day of December, 3896, this
commission determined to prescribe a uniform
system of accounts to be kept by all railroad
and transportation companies doing business
in the State of California. Inasmuch as this
matter is one of considerable importance to all
companies so engaged, and it is the desire of
the board to bring about such system with as
little inconvenience as possible to those con
cerned, I was directed to communicate with
you and invite you to make any suggestions
you might desiro as to the most convenient
system for adoption. Any views you may have
regarding the matter will receive the careful
consideration of the commission. An early
reply will greatly oblige.
• THE CHUTES TO-DAY.
The Haight-Street Grounds in Opera
tion Afternoon and Evening.
Tne Chutes will be reopened to-day after
being closed for five days, and an inter
esting programme has been prepared.
In ihe afternoon Brown, the one-legged
cyclist, will coast down the long slide and
land in the lake on bis wheel, Korto will
shoot the chutes on a globe and there will
be a potato race.
In the evening Brown and Korto will
repeat their exhibitions, there will be a
five-mile bicycle contest between two
young ladies, and a number of new views
"will be shown by the animatoscope.
Durine January the Chaies will run
only on Saturdays and Sundays, although
the skaling rink is in operation every
afternoon and evening, rain or shines
EL DOEADO INSTALLATION.
Native Sons Banquet and I lace Elected
Members In Office.
■awly elected officers of El Dorado
Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W., were installed by
Grand President Gesford last Thursday
evening.
During the evening the retiring presi
dent, Mi H. Baker, was presented with a
rich gold badge studded with diamonds.
The prsentation speech was made by Past
President J. M. dimming. The following
officers were installed :
Past president, M. H. Baker; president,
G. C. Gunther; first vice-president. L. B.
Mayer; second vice- presiaen', F. Norton;
third vice-president, F. B. Smith; mar
shal, D. Lowney; recording secretary, E.
PheWn; financial secretary, M. Arey;
treasurer, R. Horber; surgeons— Dr. W.
J. Hawkins, Dr. E. G. Frisbie; trustee? —
G. Evers, J. Crowley; inside sentinel, P.
Mausang; outside sentinel, D. McKibben.
After the installation ceremonies the
members and their visiting friends re
paired to the banquet-hall, where the fes
tivities were continued until a late hour.
The following programme was rendered:
"The Native "Sons," Grand President
Gesford.; cornet solo, F. Grennan; "El Do
rado Parlor," G. C. Gunther; song, J.
Nagle; "Interior Parlors." R. J. Mier;
song, A. J. Medley; "The Ladies," Dr. W.
J. Hawkins; song, J. Egan; "Visiting
Brothers," J. Abrarns.
CONCERT BY POLICEMEN
First Appearance of the Police
Chorus to Be Made
Sunday.
The Musical Officers Will Sing at
the Installation of Their
C?mrad s.
The police force of San Francisco has a
fine chorus selected from its members and
trained to sing by note all kinds of glee?,
operas or simple ballads. Tbe police cfli
cers kept the organization of their chorus
secret, ns they wanted to surprise their
friends' with a musical entertainment that
would afford enjoyment to critical audi
ences. So not a word was spoken about
the musical officers while they rehearsed
and perfected themselves in vocal music.
The secret has come out at last, however,
although only on the eve of the chorus'
first public appearance.
From all that could be gathered there
will be a really interesting entertainment
by the. police singers on this particular oc
casion. The men who will appear are all
trained vocalists, with rich voices and an
ambition to interpret and render refined
music for the pleasure of their friends,
and sometimes for the edification and ben
efit of the public whenever the caorus
may be prevailed on to sing at public con
certs. Their first concert will comprise
choruses by a four-part choir and various
solos by the members. The concert will
open with the "Dre.Tm of Peace" and con
clude with "Leonore. "
It will be giveu at the public installa
tion of officers of the Widows and Orphans'
Aid Association of the police force, which
will take place Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock in Police Court 3. The installa
tion will be attended by many police offi
cers and officials, and the chorus will con?
sequently make a special effort to appear
at its best.
The chorus has sixteen active members,
and twenty-one in all, witn eood prospects
of a large increase in numbers after the
opening concert. It was mainly through
the efforts of W. J. J. Shaw, prison
keeper at the City Prison, that the chorus
was organ lzeJ. He has been one of the
leading bassos of St. Ignatius male choir,
and feeling convinced that there was good
material lor a large choir in the Police
Department, he talked the matter over
with other musically inclined officers,
with the result that their wishes were
soon realized. The next step was taken,
when the following letter was sent out by
the committee ou organization:
September 22, 1896.
To the Members of the W. and 0. A. A. of the
Police Department :. At a meeting of the asso
ciation, nel.t en the 13th of September, 1896,
at the City Hall, a motion was passed by the
association authorizing the undersigned com
mittee to employ a competent teacher of vocal
music to teach a limited number of members
of the association how to sing by music for the
purpose of forming a permanent cnorus to be
under the auspices of the W. and O. A. A.
Any member of the association with a good
voice wishing to become a member of the
chorus will, by calling on the committee, be
furnished with all information.
S. H. Raxkin, Chairman.
Sergeant J. Donovan,
W. J. J. Shaw,
■•• j Frank H. Norman,
William Samuels. .
Professor Faustino Ziliano was engaged
and he has since given the promising
musical society considerable attention, so
that Mr. Shaw declares the chorus i 3
already tit to sing on any stage or in any
choir. , *
. «. — «. — »
ONLY AN "EXAMINER" STORY.
The Board of Supervisors Will Not Re
move Clerk John Russell.
"Nothing in it," said several Super
visors yesterday when questioned regard
ine a "story published in the
that a movement was on foot to oust John
Russell, the veteran and competent clerk.
All denied that they had any intention
of taking part in s-uch a scheme and ap
peared to be unanimous in the opinion
that it would be hard to rind a better
official.
His position has never been disturbed
by politics, and the new board realizes
that it will have to depend much on him
in conducting the affairs of the City gov
ernment. Mr. Kussell himself has little
to say, except be has never heard of any
definite effort to remove him.
Young Men's Institute hectares.
The Young Men's Institute central lecture
bureau announces tbe following free lectures
for this City during the present month : Mon
day evening, January 18. Hon. M. M. Esiec
will lecture at Metropolitan Hall on ''The
Groundwork of Our Liberties," under the au
spicjs of Washington Council No. 4.
Wednesday evening January 27, Hon.
Henry E. Highton will lecture at Metropoli
tan Hall on '-The True Basis of American Citi
zenship," under the auspices of Golden Gato
Council No. 34.
Friday evening, January 29, Rev. Father
Yorke will lecture at South San Francisco on
"Nuts to Ctbck," under the auspices of Lovola
Council No. 32.
Tickets for these lectures will be ready for
distribution in a few days, and may be ob
tained from the members of the respective
councils and from the secretary of the central
lecture bureau, Parrott building, room 424.
i£W TO- DAT. •
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a time and then have them return again. . I
moan a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS. EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study, ■ I warrant my remedy to cure. the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a core. ■ ■ Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. S Give Ex-
press and Postoffice address. . ■ ,
a W.ILPEEKE,F.D.aCei!arSUNBWYDtR
NOTARY PUBLIC.
OHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOftNEY-ATW
V Law and I Notary Public, 688 Mar it., oppo>
•He Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1039
i ftU lurett. a«iei>k9M - f u>« " *6»l. _~
FOLLOWERS OF
A NEW DOCTRINE
Establishment of a Church
by Harold Bolce and
Followers.
Services Will Soon Bs Inaugu
ratted in the Metropolitan
Temple.
Maintenance of a Catho ie Hospitality
and Prcmotion of Religious
The ugh t.
An association which has been In ex
istence some little time will soon be
formed into a society to be known as the
Cosmopolitan Church Society. Its pur
pose 13 the founding of a new denomina
tion ana the establishment of a new
church.
Harold Bolce, the originator of tbtfidea
and the founder of the church's doctrine,
'has been a student of theology these many
years. He has entered into public con
troversies with many ministers and be
lievers and has now, to his own satisfac
tion and tnat of his followers, compiled
the following doctrine:
"The establishment of a new Christian
society which shall b9 withoat limiting
creed or ordinances; the promulgation
throughout the earth of the simple teach
ings of Jesus Christ. divested of formalism
and the subtleties of theology; the exem
plification in all lands of the inspiring
spiritual suggestions in the Hie of Jesus
Christ by works of love for humanity; the
interpretation of the Bible and other in
spired Scriptures by personal and internal
evidence rather than by historical and
traditional canon; the cultivation of a
deeper sense of the dignity and lnrinita
meaning of the human spirit; a loftier
conception of the consciousness of God
made manifest in mankind ; the mainte n
ance of a catholic hospitality of mind to
ward all, and to that end the promotion
of a free investigating religious thought
that shall recognize the ideals in the vary
ing faiths and philosophies of the face;
and all further religious and ethical de
velopment (as tho evolution of man may
constantly suggest) along lines of liberal
and optimistic Christianity. 1 '
The members of the Cosmopolitan
Church Society have leased Metropolitan
Temple, and their first service will be
held there January 17.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
An Old firm to Do Business Under a
New Name.
Since the retirement of R. P. Hammond
from the firm of Baldwin & Hammond
nearly three years agp A. 8. Baldwin, who
has been conducting the business alone,
has retained the old firm name, but within
a few aays a .-hansre will be made and j.
R. Howell, who has occupied the position
as cashier for Mr. Baldwin for more than
ten years.will be admitted to partnership
and given an interest of one-third in the
firm, which will be incorporated with a
capital stock of $50,000.
Articles of "incorporation fixing perma
nently the firm name of Baldwin & How
ell were filed Thursday^- Cwo-^hirda of
the stock will be taken by A. S. Baldwin
and one- third by J. R. Howell, the other
incorporatora holding merely a nominal
amount of stock, and consisting mainly of
employes of the firm. ,
Some of the largest properties in the
City are tinder the control and manage
ment of Mr. Baldwin, and in admitting
Mr. Howell to the tirm it is a recognition
of the valuable services rendered by him
over th« long period of his employment.
The result must necessarily serve to fur
ther strengthen one of the oiliest ana
most reliable real estate house" in the City.
KEW TO-DAY.
SJust to
Hake It
Interesting.
ms*™*. Electric Belts
Our Customers. ~
$2.00 to $25. 00.
The $25 sort is the very best that can be had.
They're the same that you'll get elsewhere for
$•10 or $50. ... • r
.a ... TRUSSES FOB .Sl. (ft).'
We recognize no competitor in this line.
We'll fit you perfectly and prove every claim
made for them. ,
ELASTIC STOCKINGS 53. 00.
If they're not the best they're at least a
mighty good article. You'll agree with us in
this.
HEALTH FOX 25 CENTS.
Todd's Health Tablets, the latest remedy for
Constipation and Nervousness promises to be
the most famous discovery of the century.
A FREE TRIAL. .
Of Scott's Catarrh Cure. It will effect a per*
ruanentcurc. Six months' treatment $3.50.
We'll always be known as .the best and low-
est-priced house in the city.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
903 Market Street,
. . South bide, bet. Fifth and sixth. , ,
I ' jjijjiJjtaSJs^- INJECTION. cure I
I CURE I
? of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and 5
< Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 days; ncS
2 other treatment reqnlred, and without the nau- 5
2 searing res-il- s of dosing with Cul.ehs. CopaibaS
Cor Sandal- Wood. .I.Ferr* <fc Co., (successors to 7 •
<^-o^. Pharniacien. Paris. At all drupKistt. ?
IIJIUC 111 ! "*° re Turoat, Pimples, CoppcrH
rt{fJrts£= IUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores'. 5
UgUlcers in Mouth. Hair-Killing! Write COOKJ9
HHKEMED* CO., SO7 Masonic Templed
npCtilcairo, - 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl- 5
sxgjtul, ©500,000. Worst cases cured in l&M
jßgto its days. IQO-pagc, book, free.
~*^^fiK^j^^i»i|f >•<£ ** is a -poisonous
4%MBM^*^^^^S|B remedy for Gonor-.-hoaa.
JBjßgr CCHEb^BJ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
IBSm in 1 to 5 d»js. yH Whites, unnatural dial
B^ifw OMHDiinl V charges, or any intlamma-
K~j n " to itrletare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
"evenu contagion. tion of -m neons mem-
■ ••VHEEvanS CHEmC«'-Co. branes. Non-astringen-.
\SA,CiNOINNATI,O HB D Sold by lirnpsri«4c,
wvfWk. r;. 8. A js*!3r 0T sent in rlain 'vr^pps-.
"* 'y£i£'irsit^ by express, prepai-i, f r
''Swsistefi^snl 11-00. or .-. bottK^C3.7i
___^ I^KB^ P * V 93 Circular sent or. — ,ikm>
■■^-...^ATENTSI n
MARKET &T.S.F^Sj^^
Weak Men and Women
Strength, to the Sexual Orxaui. * M *i«»lU m 4TARIFF MEASURES
CAUSED DISCORD
Julian Sonntag Thought
Manufacturers Not Al
ways Fair.
Messrs. Wheeler and Cornwall
in the Role of Peace
makers.
Some Tariff Recommendations to Be
Made to the Ways and Means
Committee.
The committee on report appointed
Thursday by the tariff convention to con
sider all propositions for fixing new duty
rates on importations held a third ses
sion yesterday morning in the Chamber
of Commerce hall. It was the liveliest
session yet held, and at one time the sub
ject of a duty on salsoda and other alka
line substances evoked a few burning com
ments from the chairman, Julian bonn
tag.
The discussion was precipitated by £.
Griswold of the Griswold Company, who
spoke in behalf of the chemical dealers,
r He began with a request that the follow
ing increases be recommended on the arti
cles named, all being forms of sodium:
Alum, from 4-10 to 6-10 cents per pound;
caustic sodti, from halt a cent to 1 cent: soda
ash, from one-fourth to one-half cent; bicar
bonate ox soda, from one-half to 1 cent.
He also asked that there be a complete
restoration of the figures of the McKiniey
bill for the following:
Sulphur— Flowers, sublimed, refined, roll
ami £roun<T: whiting, Paris white, berates,
borax and boracic acids ; and also sulphuric,
muriatic and nitric acids.
Then it was that Chairman Sonntag in
troduced the alkaline element into the
discussion. He inquired:
"Mr. Griswold, has it not been the prac
tice of dealers in sal-soda in times past,
whenever there happened to be no compe
tition, to raise the price very sharply? " If
my memory aerve me accurately I have
personally known of the price being
boomed 150 percent."
Mr. Griswold responded with some
warmth:
"I'd like to know of anybody who does
not put up prices wnen an opportunity
offers. It is the practice of all manufac
turers and dealt-
Then Mr. Sonntag called General Chip
man to the chair and took the floor him
self.
"I would like to say here," he asserted,
"tnat the California and Giant Powder
companies use in the neighborhood of
350 tons of sulphur a month. All this is
imported from Sicily and Japan. Now, I
know :or a fact that wnen a short supply
was imminent temporarily the prices have
been raised in twenty-four hours from
$1 20 and $1 25 to $1 60 and $1 65."
John Wheeler remarked that a duty was
not asked lor on crude sulphur, but only
on the refined varieties.
General Chipman also added that under
the McKiniey bill crude sulphur was on
the free list.
This did not thoroughly, satisfy M.
Sonntag. He was aware tnat crude sul
phur was on the free list, but was aware
that before the Ways and Means Com
mittee at Washington an effort was
shortly to be made to have a duty placed
upon it. He believed the committee
should take some action agairtst this.
As regards the sal soda proposition Mr.
Sonntag said the class of manufacturers
whom he represented would be satisfied
with tLe figures of the McKinley bill.
"The McKiniey bill won't suit the man
ufacturers of sal soda at all," answered
Mr. GriswoliJ, emphatically. "It will have
to be changed or we will have to go out of
business." BE*M
The McKiniey act, however, suited
both Mr. Wheeler, representing the Stauf
i*T Chemical Work-, and Mr. Harker of
the Horstman Company, and a little later,
to Mr. Griswold's evident chagrin, a reso
lution was duly adopted binding the com
mittee to recommend the McKinley rates
on all the articles named, crude sulphur
to be free.
To the lumbermen was accorded the
honor of the first hearing of the session.
Mr. Hernrk presented a proposed sched
ule of tariff rates on the different classes
of timber, with the explanation that it
was what the lumbermen's committee had
agreed upon.
The schedule provided for a 20 rer cent
ad valorem duty on all kinds of log" or
pile lumber, telegraph poles, etc. For
"merchantable" rough lumber, $2 per
thousand feet, board measure, was sug
gested. Various rates were also proposed
for the better grades of lumber, grooved
lumber and ornamental or cabinet timber.
1 ne following was proposed as a free list :
Woods, namely Spanish cedir. lignum vitas,
lancewood, ebony, box, granadilla. mahogany
rosewood, satinwood aad ail forms of cabinet
wood In the log, rough or hewn; bamboo aid
rattan unmanufactured; briarroot or briar
wood and similar wood unmanufactured or
not further manufactured than cut into blocks
suitable for the articles into which they are
intended to be converted; bamboo reels and
stick" of partridge, hairwood, pimento oranee
myrtle and other woods not especially nro'
vided lor in this act, in the rou<jh, or not
further manufactured than cut into lengths
suitable for sticks for umbrellas, parasols
sunshades, whips or walking-canes, and In
dian malacca joints, not further manufactured
than cut into suitable lengths for the manu
factures into which they are Intended to be
Converted.
The committee did not adopt the sched
ule formally a* a whole, but no objections
were offered. Mr. Herrick was autnorized
by motion to prepare the lumber part of
the committee's report.
The coal question followed. Several
dealers spoke, among them P. B. Corn
wall, a member of the committee.
"There is some talk of a reciprocity
treaty as regards coal between Canada nnd
the United States," he said, "but against
all other countries we should by rights
have a duty of 50 cents a ton on bitumin
ous coa v and 75 cents on anthracite.
When the China coalfields are developed
even these rates will not protect us." "
After some discussion these provisions
were put in the form of a motion -by Mr
Cornwall and adopted, the ton being con
sidered as a long ton, or 2240 pounds The
antnracitecoal was also expected to con
tain over 80 per cent of carbon.
On flax, hemp, jute, and their manufac
tures, burlaps and grain bags, the com
mittee agreed to recommend the figures
of the McKiniey bill. "gures
The McKiniey schedule will also be
recommended* for wines and brandies
The McKiniey rates of 2 cents a pound'
lor table crapes were likewise agreed to
The McKinley tariff of 2% cents a pound
for cured or diied grapes, raisins and cur
rants will be recommended for restora
tion. <
A duty of 3 cents' a pound will be recom- ,
mended on desiccated cocoanut. Pine
apples anil filbert*, it was concluded,
should be made dutiable. *
The members of the committee then
agreed that General Chipraan should be
accorded the task of preparing its report, ,
and adjournment was taken tin 9A. m. to- ,
The committee will report to the
general conference an hour later.
Library Association.
The Library Association of Central Cali
fornia held its annual meeting last evening at
the Mechanics' Institute. The following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, J. c. Kowell, University of California;
vice-president, Gcorste T. Clark, Free Public
Library; treasurer, A. J. Cleary, Odd Fellows'
Librsry; treasurer, A. M. Jellison, Mechanic^
Institute.
An interesting paper on the "Plantin Press
and Museum at Antwerp" was read by Pro
fessor W. D. Armes of the University of Cali
fornia, and a number of short addresses fol
lowed.
THE PESTHOUSE AGAIN.
A Resolution Locating It on the Alms
house Tract to Be Rescinded by
the Supervisors.
A new phase was put on tho matter of
locating the Pesthouse by the action of
the Health and Police Committee of the
new Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
members present were Messrs. Dslany,
Rottanzi and Devany, the former in the
chair.
When the resolution passed by the old
board, locating the Peuhouso on the
Almshouse tract, was taken up. Dr. Rot
tanzi expressed nis disapproval of the
measure and said that he thought the
members of the Panhandle and Ashbury
Height? Club were right when they pro
tested against such a proceeding. He
thought that a hospital for contagious
diseases should be located further from
thickly populated districts.
Supervisor Devany was of a like mind,
and it was decided to recommend that the
reso'ution be rescinded.
It was decided to purchase drugs from
wholesale houses in the future in order to
save expense.
GOVERNOR BUDD'S CALLERS
The -txecutive Slakes a Lady Happy by
Her Keappointinent as a Notary
Public.
Governor James H. Budd, who is here
from Sacramento, yesterday recommis
sioned Mrs. N. E. W. Smith of this City
as notary public Mrs. Smith is the
widow of the late Ralph S. Smith, the
newspaper man of San Mateo County.
Tnis act of Governor Budd is generally
regarded as a graceful one.
The Governor had many callers yester
day at his rooms at the Palacn. Most of
those who came did so in reference to
matters oi legislation, while others did so
from mere social impulses. The Execu
tive is trying to take things easy for a few
days, after the ordeal of writing his mes
sage.
GIPSY BLYTHES ALL OUT
Their Appeal Fnm the Decree
of Final Distribution Was
Dismissed.
General Hart Thinks the Litigation
Over B ytbt's Millions U Prac
tically Endei.
A decision was rendered in the Supreme
Court yesterday which, according to Gen
eral W. H. H. Hart's view of the case,
practically mar.^s the end of the litiga
tion over the millions left by Thomas H.
Blythe. The Supreme Court granted the
motion to dismiss the appeal of H. T.
Biythe and others from the decree of final
distribution of the estate of Thomas H.
Blythe upon the ground that the appel
lants, who are the gypsy Blythes, other
wise known as the Kentucky Biythes,
were not parties in interest in the pro
ceedings.
"The appellants," so reads the decision,
"are concluded by the dtcisions of this
court upon their other appeals. They are
no longer parties in interest."
"There is only one more case before the
"courts of this State affectinc the Blythe
estate, and the decision rendered by the
Supreme Court to-day practically disposes
of that. The only remaining i-ase is the
appeal of the Blythe Company, which
st&Hds on t c same ground us t'<e appeal
of H. T. Blythe ana other*. Therefore
the litigation in ih State courts may be
considered to be at an end."
Thus said General Hart last night and
he went on to say that the disposition of
the one matter concerning tne Blythe es
tate now before the United States Circuit
Court could not be in question. The Federal
court, learning of the final action of the
State courts concerning the appeals from
the decree of final distribution, would un
doubtedly take cognizance, for the Federal
courts do not overturn the concunons ol
the State courts in probate matters. The
matter in the United States Circuit Court
will probably be concluded next Thursday
and th?n the Blythe litigation will end.
General Hart looked contentedly arouud
the handsome apartment in his home, in
which he was interviewed, and as he made
the loregoing statement ne went on to in
dulge in retrospection. "The Supreme
Court has now ended the twenty-fourth
appeal, " he said. "Considering the mag
nitude of the litigation it is wonderful
that Judjre Coffey has not been found in
error at all.
"The trial took 206 days; there were 119
claimants to the estate; 2 women claim°d
to he the wife of Thomas H. Blythe; 19
groups of claimants attributed eacu a
different mother to Blythe, and 9 made
out prima facie cases, which gave him 9
mothers; 265 witnesses were examined;
139 depo.-itions were taken, and there were
24 appeals. Yes aitogetnT, in addition
to its great size, it will be distinguished as
the most romantic lawsuit of modern
times."
Generai Hart spoke concerning another
interesting matter. He said that the at
torneys had decided not to form a com
tany, as nad been rumored. On the con
trary the estate would be divided, but he
did not care to say how. Nor could he
say just what effect this course would
have in reference to the proposed big
Blythe building.
STOLE HIS TEUNK.
Fred Cook Cornea to Orlef Through
Entering Another Han'* House.
Fretl Cook, the proprietor of a saloon at
the corner of Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets, was locked up at the Seventeenth
etreet station last night on a charae of
burglary preferred by James Dever, his
former landlord.
About six weeks ago Cook left the
Devsr domicile, taking the key to the
front door, but leaving his trunk behind.
Thursday night Cook concluded he needed
his trunk, and accordingly made use of
the key which he had the unfortunate
forethought to retain. Daver waxed
wrathy at this liberty nrcd insisted on a
warrant for burglary being issued, and
Cook was accordingly locked up.
The Kar Allocation.
The annual meeting of the Bar Association
oi San Francisco was held yesterday. The fol
lowing officers wer; elected for the ensuing
year: President, Robert Y. Hayne; senior
vice-president, \Villi Rm h. Fifield; juuiorvice
presmeut, A. C. freeman; recordingsecretary,
W. J. Herrin; corresponding secretary. Colum
bus Barilett; trustee*— M. B Kellogg, John M.
Burnett, E. H. Rixford, W. A . P.uufett; com
mitiee on adniis-sious— F P Deerine Frank
Otis, George A. Ranlcin, F. D. Brandon! George
W. Towle. J. F. Smlivaii, William H. Jordan
Tlie e.ection nf treasurer and one of the trus
tees was deferred to the next regular meeting.
Texas Aiiffol'a Carrer.
Texas Angel, a prominent candidate for the
United States Senate in Idaho, was a lawyer in
San Francisco from 1878 to 1882, bavins; an
office at 302 Montgomery street.
When here Angel was not very prosperous
but was Riven to the study of economics and
social problems.
The Orpheum Transferred.
A bill of sale of the Orphcum Theater, with
the land it occupies, and the furniture and
stage pharaphernalia, was made yesterday by
Walter J. Wi.ey to the San Fwncisco Breweries
limited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
SOLID WORK AT
EMIGRANT GAP
Colonel La Due on the Gold
Product of That Rich
Region.
He Has Lately Bonded the La
Due and Nancy Hank Mines
to San Jose Men.
Miners Who Are Making From Six
lo Twenty Dollars a Day
by Drifting.
Colonel J. C. La Due, who has long
owned the Nancy Hanks and La Due
quartz mines, nine miles northwest of
Emigrant Gap, in the Sierras, is among
the arrivals at the Kuss. The colonel has
recently bonded those properties to Dr. E.
K. Dow and Dr. McMabon of San Jose and
a Mr. Lapbam of Alameda.
He says there is a gre..t deal of activity
COLONEL J. C LA DUE, Who Has Just Bonded the La Due and
Nancy Hanks Mines, Near Emigrant Gap.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist. j
in mining in that part of the country.
The interest in gold properties has greatly
increased, and far more development is
being done than formerly. Besides this
there are many buyers about hunting for
good property.
If a miner really has something that
shows up well he stands a good chance to
place it, but men who know mines do not
want to spend good money on worthless
wildcats.
Colonel La Due says a good deal of work
has been done on the Nancy Hanks and
La Due.
"There is a shaft down eighty-live feet
in the first-named property," he said,
"with crosscuts north fifty feet. As for
the La Due it shows a development of 400
feet, which was sluiced oft by hydraulic
mining. It is the intention to push the
development work on both, and also to
put up a 10-stamp mill.
"1 have been ten years in that section
and have never seen mining so active as
now. In nearly all directions there is
something doinp. There is a good feeling,
too, amon^ property-owners.
"The Eagle Bird, which is a well-known
mine, is about changing hands now, and
it is expected to start up in about a month.
This is one of the best mines In that part
of the country.
"The old Vuba mine, which is another
good property, has been idle for some
time. There is a crowd now figuring to
take it and it is expected to change hands
every day.
"Ihere is now about four feet of snow
in and about Emigrant Gap and up where
t ese mines are. There is gravel mining
above where my properties are. The
gravel mines are at the bea'i of Fall Creek.
They are known as the old Fisk diggings
and are turning out well.
"Miners ther« are working them right
along. They do it by drifting. I know
four men there who are making from $6"
to an ounce of gold a day to each man.
This is very good pay and it dhows the
richne-sof tne ground."
Colonel La Due will be in the City for
some time. He has had a great deal of ex
perience in the varied kinds of mining.
LECTURES BY THE RABBIS
Dr. Voorsanger's Discussion on
Philosophy and Re
ligion.
Rsv. M S. Levy Undertook to Answer
the Question, "Shall We Pay
ior Our Neighbor ?"' v
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger's first Friday even-
Ing lecture at tbe Tern pie Emanu-Ei since
his illness drew a more than usually large
attendance last night. He took for bis
subject "The Relation Between Philos
ophy and Religion."
"There seems to be in the minds of
people a misconception of the one and of
tbe other," he said. Ue railed attention
to tbe philosophy of the ancient Greeks,
and illustrated by an anecdote how in
adequate it proved when the time ol deso
lation was at hand.
Philosophy he defined as the art of ques
tioning. It was the result of the inherent
tendency of the human to learn and pro
gress. It was not a thing to be condemned
in itself, but was he thought rather to be
commended, anl was in reality the foun
dation and safeguard of conservative re
ligion.
"Philosophy has always been guilty of
disturbing the status quo," he said, "and
for tnis rea«on was often condemned by
those particularly who fought to make the
world believe the divine origin of the
Scriptures.
"The Jew did not think it was part of
his religion to believe such a thing, but
simply looked upon them as a code of
morals inspired uy the Supreme Being.
"The obnoxious Question at the present
day to the gentlemen of t tie cloth is not
what you believe, but why yoa believe.
They do not take kindly to the idea of
any one seeking for reasons in religion.
They ask that everything pertaining to
their creed, even to the miracles of the
Bible, be accepted on faith."
Religions, he said, change, as do phi
losophies, and both are the resuft of the
progress made by the human mind from
ace to age. "The Judaism of to-day," he
continued, "is not the Judaism of 2000
years ago, and certainly not that of 4000
years ago, while Christianity changes
from decade to decade." In conclusion
he said:
"Let sectarian religion or present phi
losopny teach what they will, act well
your part and help along what promises
to subserve and conserve the peace and
the virtue of the world, to the end that
the Spirit of God may always receive more
and more recognition in the habitations
of humanity."
Rev. M. S. Levy discoursed last night at
the Geary-street Temple on "Shall We
Pay for Our Neighbors?' In the course
of his lecture he said :
"All men are not generous and thera
are many wno think they should not be
called upon to pay for their neighbors'
pleasures or misfortunes.
"The citizen who has no property at
stake if called upon should not refuse to
contribute toward the support of a fire de
partment, and say, "Why should I pay for
others? 'Why should I pay for the city's
water suppiy ?' says the man who has a
well on his own premises. He who never
walks the streets at night, in the sniallness
of his soul wants to know why he should
be compelled to pay for a light he never
walks by. 'Why pay for schools?' says the
dyspeptic nature of the mun who is with
out the comforting joy of children. 'Why
pay to tho support of religion ?' urges the
one who does not believe in svnngogue or
church. Why not?
"We think all of these arguments both
false and ruinous, for as soon as the want
is that of the community every individual
ought to feel it a high and patriotic privi
lege to contribute his quota, each accord
ing to his ability, according to the bless
ings with which God has blessed him,
since no community can suffer witnout
more or less affecting every member
thereof."
Marine Knglneers' Convention.
John J. Searey.'National vice-president of the
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association ;
Frank A. Jones and George R. Kingsland, dele
gates to the National convention of Marine
Kngineers, whlcn will be held in Washington.
D. C, on the 19th inst., will leave this City for
the East on this evening's overlaud train.
The dfileeation will be accompanied as Jar as
Oakland by a committee of marine engineers
of the San Francisco association.
The Carnival.
Carnival Director Friedlauder has issued a
call for a meeting of all the delegates ap
pointed by the various societies of the City
who have been invited, to be held In the
Hssembly hall of the California Hotel on Fri
day evening next, January 15, ai 8 o'clock.
The entire programme for carnival week will
be presented to the meeting, and tho features
that each one is expected to carry out will be
outlined for them.
Steamship i mploy«» Injured.
Albert Carlisle, a helper empioved on the
steamer Sydney, was injured while working on
the vessel at the Paciiic Mail dock yesterday
afternoon, nnd at the Receiving Hospitnl It
was feared he had sus;alued iniernat injuries.
He was lilting a heavy tank when he slipped
and the tank full on him. He was conveyed
from the hospital to his residence, 260
Twentieth street.
Some New Things.
A new car fen<!er is attached to the
truck of the car instead of the car body,
thus doing away with the oscillating mo
tion of the car, ns the truck always re
mains solid on the iracks, the car body
only springing up and down.
Electric-light cord adjusters are now
made in the shape of a spool with slots in
the ends to receive tDe cord, the slack
beipg wound on the center of the spool,
the slots b* ing cut to the center of the
spool, so that it hangs perpendicular.
Among the Ainu tribe in Japan a beard
is considered so necessary to Deauty that
the women tattoo their faces to makeup
for their beardlessness.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE ACME CLUB
STERNLY REBUKED
Susp3nded From the P. A.
A. A. for Profession
alism.
Olympic Football Team Declared
the Pennant-Ho der lor
1896
Charges Agiinst the Olympic Boxing
Tournament —Mu ler and
Tye Class. fijJ.
The board of directors of the Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association held its
regular monthly meeting at tne Olympic
Ciub last night and transacted much busi
ness of importance in the athletic world.
The boxing contest between Tye and
Afuller, held before the Acme Club, was
duly investigated. It resulted in both
men being declared professionals and the
Acme Club being suspended for sixty
days.
The contest was adjudged professional
because, in addition to fighting for a $35
trophy, a member of the club had a purse
of $75 up. H. Tank gave notice of appeal.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
suspended for thirty rlays lor holding a
field day without a sanction.
Edgren's hammer-throwing record at
Sacramento made last fall was not of
ficially allowed for the reason that the
officials on that occasion were irreeularly
chosen and not members of the Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association.
A warm dispute arose as to whether the
Olympic or tne Stanford football team
should be declared ihe holder of tne pen
nant for 1896. The game between the two
was a tie, and Manager Brown of Stan
ford said tnat for certain reasons the team
could not be got together for another
»ame, and tnat the faculty would object
anyhow.
A vote of seven to five was had by which
it was decided that the pennant should be
withheld until tne teams could s-ettle the
score, but President Humphries as well as
others thought this decision unfair, as
Oiynip c was willing again ;o compete. A
vote was taken on reconsideration ai.d
resulted in the Olympics being declared
entitled to the pennant.
It may be presented at a special meeting,
to be held next. Friday evening.
H. Gelder, boxing commissioner and
member of the Oakland Athletic Club,
was declared out of office for being absent
more than two meetings. J. I. Nolan of
the Ariel Rowing Club was appointed in
his place.
Nolan of the Ariel Rowing Club, Swett
of the Lurline Swimming Club and Rein
hardt of tua University of C«lifornia were
appointed a committee of turee to investi
gate cbarses of professionalism aeainst
the last boxing tournament of the Olym
pic Club.
A report v/ill be made Friday evenine.
bt. Mary's Athletic Club was also sus
pended for non-t aynient of dues.
IN AN ENGINE'S POWER.
Charles Elsasser's Arm Severed
Clean From His
BDdv.
It Was Caught Between a Moving
Piston Po> and a Cross
Bir.
Charles Elsasqer, an engineer with the
Edison Light and Power Company, 229
Stevenson street, was the victim of a most
peculiar and shocking accident at 8 o'clock
last evening. His right arm was cutoff
above the elbow by the flying machinery
almost as clean as a surgeon's scalpel
could have done it.
At the time of the accident the injured
man was busy wiping the dripping oil off
one of the engines. His arm suddenly
slipped between a cross bar and a pitman
rod, and in an instant it was severed.
Elsasser staggered back from the engine,
the blood gushingover his clothes and the
machinery. His companions witnessed
the accident, but became excited and fora
short time made no effort to stanch the
flow of blood.
The injured man, lowever, remained
remarkably cool and diroctcd those about
him. He ordered n rope tied around the
bleeding limb, and when it was done he
was removed to St. Mary's Hospital.
Here his arm was ugtiiu amputated near
the shoulder in order to obviate danger of
blood poisoning.
A family is dependent for support on
the injured man, bat notwithstanding this
fact he remains cool and apparently cheer
ful, knowing full well that complaint will
not alleviate his suffering or lessen his
misfortune.
DOES GOLD GROW r
Sumo Veteran Miners Who Pretend to
Believe That It Does.
They wore all weatner- beaten trail blaz
ers, who bad led the march of civilization
into the mountains, und as they toasted
their shins by the bie stove in Lon Pick
ett's hotel bar at Malrose, their conversa
tion wandered from the recent election
and the departed glories of other days to
the latest discoveries in science. John
Helehan had just finished reading from a
mining journal about Professor EmmoiiB 1
discovery of the method of transmuting
silver into gold.
"I thinu Emmons is a humbug," said
old Judge Longly, a California argonaut.
"The old alchemists, you know, trieJ
that, but they might as well tried to make
an apple-seed. Nature holds the germ,
and all the scientists who imitate her can
do is to quicken its growth."
"I've heard tell of gold growing," re
marked Will Rubbins.
"So have I." said the Judge, "but you
have .never seen it grow, have you? I
don't believe all the yarns these experts
spin, anyhow."
"Boys," spoke up John Treanor, "per
haps 1 have got some queer old notions
stowed away under this digein' hat of
mine, but for thirty years, man and boy,
I've been a prospector, and I have been
doin' some thinking. And I tell you now
that I believe gold does grow. Twenty
years ago I struck the Locust and sank a
shaft. It was silver ore, and after diggin'
for awhile I gave it up in disgust. Then I
wandered over to the other side of the
range and located the Banner, a copper
mine now in the possession of the Ana
conda Company. I mosey • d around for
awhile, and eight years ago I went back to
my old love, the Locust. Hang me if I
could believe my eyes, boys, when I found
the prettiest ledse of gold ore right where
the silver iedge was. It was as pretty as a
picture, and I kept right on diggin', and
nave been diggin' in that hole ever since.
It seemed to me that in the places
where the water struck it it prew richer.
I run in turea tunnels at the bottom, but
found the gold was not yet ripe, so I just
closed up the tunnels and let them rest
for a few years."
"Blame me, if I don't think Hank Steb
bins does me same thing." said Jack
Flioe. "Hank lives up in Soap Gulch,
and has a claim he calls the Belcher. He
discovered it thirty years aeo when Wash
Stapleton was mating bullets in his lead
mine to kill Indians with. It is in a funny
formation for that part of the country.
It is in a reef of sand lying between the
lime formation that borders on the Mel
rose Valley and stratified gneiss forma
tion that runs from that point to the base
of Red Monntain. Thirty yearsago Hank
Discovered that there were globules of sil
ver in the sand and located it, but there
wasn't enough mineral to pay and he
abandoned it.
"Ten years ago he went back to the old
mine and began turning over the mine.
He began to find chunks of gold instead of
silver. He has a good thing of it now.
He mines it like the Mexicans used to
mine it year 3 ago. He cuts stairs in the
sand and takes the rock up in a candle
box and torts it over. Now all he has got
to do when ue wants to ninke a stake is to
go down to the sand-pile and wiggle a
crowbar around for a few minutes, when
up comes a piece of shining gold. Sev
eral capitalists have attempted to get hold
of the mine, and one of Heinze's agents
made him a eood offer for it, but Hank
won't sell, lor he is sure he has a tortune
if the sold keep 3on growing." — Buite
Inter-Mountain.
CAPTUBING WILD HOESES.
Australian Huutera Ar» Skillful Hand
ling the I.hsso.
The Australian herds of wild horses
number from ten to twelve animals each,
made up of mares and one stallion. No
stallion will allow another stallion in his
herd, and stubborn fights frequently oc
cur between horses owing to this. The
beaten males, after being expelled, join
herds exclusively of stallions. On any
herds being sighted by hunters a good
idea can generally be formed by the ex
perienced man as to whicn route the ani
mals will take in their way to the rugged
hills, for which they invariably make
when disturbed. A scheme is mapped
out to cut them off if possible, and the
party scatters, each to take up his allotted
position. Of course, while doing thi^,
every advantage is taken of the natural
inequalities of the ground, so as to escape
observation. When tlie alarm is given,
however, ail need for caution is at an end,
and each hunter puts his steed in a full
gallop. The stallion, the nead of the
Heard, boldly comes out to meet him, and
endeavors to distract attention from the
rest.
In some rare instances he is lassoed and j
captured at once, but he generally man
ages to join his wives, which by this I
time have trooped in single tile with his
favorite mares in the lead. Should the j
hern be turned and get into difficulties i
the stallion takes up his position in the
van, and the great object is to shut him
off from the rest. Should this be accom
plished, both he and the mares become
confused, and the lassoers often manage
to make two or three per man. Instances
have been known where horses have been
thrown to the ground by the hunter
giving a violent jerk to the animal's tail
when it was making an abrupt turn.
When his quarry is brought down, either
by this method or the use of the lasso,
the rider jumps from his steed, whips a
"blinder" (a handkerchief is used when
there is nothing else procurable) over the
prostrate horses eyes, and straps up one
of his forelegs securely. It this is prop
erly done the animal may be safely left
"until called for," for no horse thus se
cured can stray far. — Chambers' Journal.
• — * — • —
There are about 120,000 hairs on the head
of an average man.
NEW TO-DAY- BBS
DO YOU FEEL TIRED?
ARE YOU MORE WjsARY IN THE MORNING WHEN YOU AWAKE THAN
when you go to bed? Are there tired pains in your back and shoulders and some-
times in your head? If so your system is run down from waste of nerve strength,
•s . iff - caused by early indi-cretion or later ex-
•J^^. 'd^s^t — s^^C*' cesses. These symptoms are only a few of
% &^*H.Wj}\' i jdrsF'^ijZ&^^LJt tue many which iollow disregard of na-
K ¥^'^J&tr \ ' AA\ X-n\f ture's laws. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
"wfc^'V^&i^^ nightly with a healthy
»T E^vTV "^T^v^U^ IB vital force, which builds up a strong and
|^L/!i Dr SanDENS vigorous manhood. Eiectr is acknowl-
-1 la^f/ Electric BeLT *' ed.geii a powerful tonic to the nerves, and
I 3BR^i3-s£^ » . Olt-ds-^^/Snfii'Jts influence upon the vital powers, after
\^| W^^^^^r^t^^^Tf^W^^^ ha7e been debilitated is wonderiul.
= = =^^Ts^7Xt!^^^. Cures of the most aggravated cases are
'V?Sl|^aJis|| A rCvL^* ss! brought about in two months, and a com-
l &Zf-3?£cZ' plete and permanent restoration of the
SS^ V7K^7 natural vigor of manhood is guaranteed in
Dr. Jill Sanden's Electric Belt.
"QitjjiK? Not to be had in drugstores.
"I can say lam feeling fine and am gaining in weight and strength. My back does not ache
any more and I am not so nervous, and better still, I can with ease do a hard day's work and
not "el tired at night like I used to. 1 sleep well and get up in the morning refreshed. I have
gained nine pounds," writes Jesus Espinosa, Mountain View, Cal.
Dr Sanden's Electric Belt is unlike any thine, else of the kind. It is strong in its
action, can be regulated to mild or strong while on the body, ana is guaranteed to last
one year. Besides these point?, every case is personally examined and treated free of
charge by Dr. Sanden, who has devoted thirty years to his profession, and the patient
has ailtne benefit to De derived from the knowledge of an expert in medicine as well
as electricity. Send for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men, closely sealed,
free by mail or at the office.
S.A.lXruUT'a' EIiBOTHIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los An_s?ele» Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
NOTE.— ilHke no mistake in the number— 638 Market i street
An Alabama druggist reports the case of an old confederate soldier who
when buying :;;;;;;:;;:::::::::
RIPANS TABULES
For a neighbor, who lived out by him in the country, told his own story,
as follows :" Ever since I was in the army, : where I contracted indigestion
and dyspepsia from eating hard tack and sow belly, I have suffered | much
from those and kindred ailments. A son of mine told me, while home on
1 a visit over a year ago, to get some Ripans Tabules arid take them. I
did, and in a very short time I was benefited. : I have felt better, ate
more and relished it better than at any time since the war, and am doing .. . •
more work now than I ever expected to do again. I tell you they are the
} GREATEST MEDICINE FOR A FELLOW'S STOMACH
I ever saw. We always have them at home, and I always recommend
them when a fellow complains about his ' stomach hurting him." •
GLEAMS OF LIGHT
OH HAYES STREET
The White Lamps Shine
Brightly Over Four
Blocks.
Merchants Have Subscribed for
the Term oi One
Year.
A General Murmur of Dissatisfaction
as to the Number of the
Lights-
After a protracted delay the electric cur
rent was. turned on in nine lamps on
Hayes street last Tuesday night. Ihere
are seven lights on Hayes street, between
Franfclin and Laguna, with a prospect of
additional lamps being extended from
Franklin to Larkin streets. But at pres
ent the amount subscribed is not sutfi
cient to cover these three blocks.
The amount at present subscribed per
month on the blocks now Jighted in $109,
and as the cost of the lights is $2 25 each
per week, or about $10 per month, a sur
plus each monthet nearly $20 remains to
the credit of the light fund. This will be
placed to the credit of the subscribers by
the Merchants' Association and at the end
of the year the fund thus accumulated
will be applied to the payments for lights.
The probabilities aie that subscribers will
not be called upon to pay any assessment
during the last two months of the year.
As the electric company would not con
tract at the minimum rate for a single
block, thd blocks now lighted had to be
treated as a whole, without regard to the
sums contributed in the separate blocks,
and tne number of lights is as great as
the amount subscribed will warrant.
This distribution of lamps does not
meet with the approval of the subscribers
and as a consequence the celebration
which it was intended would take place
to-night will not be held. On the con
trary, there is a general murmur of dis
satisfaction all along the Hue, not only
with the space between the lamps, which
is claimed to be too much, but also with,
the illuminating power.
On the blocks between Franklin and
Larkin streets a committee, consisting of
J. B. Rusconi, Robert Lewir:, Edward
Heaiey. A. Baker and L. Massoni, are en
deavoring to raise funds sufficient to put
up the lights.
.Following are the names of additional
contributors to the fund, all on Hayes
street:
Thomas Wilkinson, tailor; Mrs. B. Bftbcock,
bookstore ; A. & A. Baker, pictures and frames;
H. Drewes, grocer; I'icard <fe Hessel, furni
ture; J. F. JJcDontihy, candy-store; Chicago
Clock Company; H. Bohlman, grocer ; R. Ber
tin, maiket; Mullaney & Maguire, coal-deal
ers; P. Picchi, market; Eclwnrd Heaiey, sa
loon; J. 15. Muirhead, saloon, Hayes and Lur
kin; Peter Vavilotf, restaurant; Ernest May,
dairy; L. Massoni & Co., butchers; J. B. Kus
cr.nil grocer; J. teeny, hardware; Robert
Lewin, blacksmith.
The Lombards were originally the Lan
gobardi or Long-beard?. They migrated
into Italy from Northern Prussia.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
Sl-N MAIvY OF THK MAIJKKTS.
Coffee quiet.
Silver a fraction better.
When rules film.
Barley Futures lower.
Oats and Rye dull.
Heavy off-rings of Corn.
Choice Hay higher.
Beans very quiet.
Potatoes in heavy receipt.
Fruits and Vegetables dull.
Dried Fruits stagnant.
Poultry and Game s'eady.
Eastern Apples still clog the market.
Butter unchanged. Eggs lower.
Provisions dull.
Hogs a I vanced. Beef and Mutton steady. .
Hides inactive.
. Linseed Oil 2c lower.
THE WEEK'S FAILDRK«.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 25
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
Jor the week, ending yesterday as compared with 22
fcr the previous week and 24 for the corresponding
ncfKCi If 96. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: - restaurants, 1 dentUi, 1
j.-welry, 1 milkdealar, 3 liquors, 1 butcher. 4 groc
ers, 3 doming, 2 boots and shoes, 2 publishers
and printers, 1 millinery, 1 cloaks. 1 books an!
stationery, 1 dry go.'Js. 1 drugs, 1 hotel.
1 —"—I"
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for tha
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect p<*n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomDanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded j
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usi ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior I
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with Isobars of ;
marked curvature, rain couth of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result. !
j
"SVEATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks Department op Agriccl-
TfRK, WKATHEB BUKKAU, SaX FRANCISCO, Jan.
8. 1897, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son:
Eureka 2296 inches, last season 16.90 inches;
Hed Bluff 11.23 inches, last season 6.66 Inches:
Pan Frannsoo 11.10 inches, last season 4.10
inches; Fresno 3.95 Inches, last season 1.11
inches: San Luis 0bi5p07.69 inches, last season
4. 0 inches: Los Anseles 5.09 inches, last season
1.71 inches: >un Diego 3.84 inches, last season
i.i? Inches; Yuma 1.86 inches, last season .32 of
sin inch.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 44. mean 50.
An area of high pressure overlies the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. There has been
arise during the past two hours of .3 of an inch
over Vancouver and Northern Washington.
The temperature has risen near ban Francisco,
but elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains it naa
remained stationary Throughout th« great val
leys the temperature is below the normal. Since
the morning of January 5 heavy fogs have pre
vailed in these valleys.
i he w-ath r is clear over the entire country.
Conditions are favorable for clear cold weather
Saturday and Sunday on the Pacific slope, with
heavy frosts Saturday morning.
i orecast made at .San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 9, 1897.
Northern California—Fair Saturday; continued
cold weather: liaht, northerly winds; heavy frosts
Saturday morning.
Southern California—Fair Saturday; continued
cold weather: light variable wind* and heavy
frosts ssiLur lav morning.
■ Nevada, Utah and Arizona—Fair Saturday; con
tinued cold weather.
fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
colder: light northerly winds; heavy frost Satur
day morning. Alexander McAdie.
Local Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan B.—There were brief
ppurt of activity at ihe Stock Exchange to-day,
but they w»re confined to a few shares, and gen
erally speaking; speculation wasdnll. There was
a genera', absence of news calculated either to ad-
Vance or depress prices. In consequence the
traders had the market all to themselves, save,
perhaps, in the case of sugar, which, under pur
,chases by a firm with close Washington connec
tions, rose from 110% to 112Va- The fnct 'hat a
leading house turned up as a buyer was sufficient
to start the smaller shorts to cover, but it was
noticeable that as soon as the demand from that
source cea>ed the stock ran off rapidly to Ilii4,and
closed with a net gain of only % per cent for the
day. . ■ .
The grangers, Chicago Gas, the coalers ar.d Lou
isville and Nashville moved irregularly through
out the siMsion, althou.n the fluctuations were by
no means important. Karly transactions were at
tended with a comparatively firm tone and a mod
«-rate advance was scored ly the shares just
• iiamid, but in the afternoon there was a disposi
tion to take profits and a decline of V* to % per
cent ensued, with a Ural rally of 14 to 3/. Man
hattan wa* weaker t-an the rest and left off at
87% after selling down from >»8% to 873/ 8. Dela
ware and Hudson opened 114 lower at 111 and
closed at 1113/ 8. Among the specialties tobacco,
American Spirits and Canadian Pacific advanced
I@2 percent, while Wheeling and Lake Erie pre
ferred fell 2 per cent.
A feature of tne day's trading was a steady sell-
In? by arbitrage houses of Louisville and Nash
ville, St. Paul and other nocks listed abroad.
fully 10,000 shares were disposed of In this way.
The weakness of Manhattan was ascribed to the
publication of the report of the Railroad Commis
sion for i 896, which shows a decrease of nearly
3.000,000 in the number of passengers carried by
the elevated road during the year. Thu specula
tion elided barely sit-ady in tone. Net changes
were slight. Total sale* were 149,013 shares, in
cluding 400 Sugar, 15,300 Hurling. on and
Qtiincy and 14,200 St. Paul.
The bona market was firm. The sales aggre
gated ?!.45r., 000. isaltlmo.e and Ohio lives lose
'&y* to 921/2 : do Patkersburg branch sixes, 3% to
11%: Turlington and Quincy sinking fund fives,
4 to 107: Kaunas ana Texas of Texas first fives,
8% to 76: Ohio Houthern fours, 1 to 15: Pittimirg.
Sheuandoah ana Lake ICrle Bru fives, 1% t097!4.
and Bock island debenture fives, 1 to 94. Iron-
Coal Consolidated, Birmingham division consoli
dated sixes, fell 3 to 86: Union Elevated sixes, 2
to 71; Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and at.
.Louis collateral trusts four*, 14 to 9Vi/i; Fort
Wor.h and Rio Grande first fives, i/j to 46»/ .
In Government bonds $'20,008 coupon fours of
3925 sold at l2os/ 8 . and $6000 registered fours of
1907 at 110%@Ui.
Grain.
FLOUR— Steady, moderate . demand. : Winter
wheat, low grades, *<: St ("43 45: fair to fancy,
$:i&s@4 90; patents, $4 96@5 25; Minnesota
clear $.i 60@4; straights, 94@4 45; patents.
$4 5035 35; low extras. $2 35(^« 45; city mills,
«400@410: patents. 96 30@5 65; rye mlx
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
CENTRA I. OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
; Koom). Tel. Main 339.
PURDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PKIVAXii WUUi XKW YOKK.
tures. 83 25@3 80: superfine, 92 3033 30; fine,
91 80@2 93. Southern flour qu.et, steady. Com
mon 10 fair "xtra. S3 3u@3 65: good to choice,
$3 75. Rye flour steady, quiet, at $2 85@3 16.
CORNMEAL-Quiei, steady. Yellow, *X 86®
2 05.
RYE— Dull, firm; 48% cf. o. b. afloat.
BARLEY -Quiet, steady: feeding at 35* A
*. o. b.
WHEAT— Spot market fairly active and easier,
with options cosing firm. F. o. b , 98c; ungraded
red. 78<E9Sc;No. 1 Nortuern, 92y c
options opened firm mid unchanged on fair
fort-Un buying and linn cables-dec' irieu IS/g@l6,gc
on l.quidutioii here and West, rallied Vi l . closed
steady at }i/B@l3 /8 c below yesterday, with trad- |
ing more eciive. May and July most active.
No. •£ red January. 98y a c: May, 87< ; July. 86c.
CORN— Spot fairly active, ■ 14c lower, closing
firm. No. aßV*c elevator; a Vie afloat.
Options were dull at ysgVic decline, following
the West, with trading only l"cal. May most
active. January. i:9Vic; May, b7V 8 c; July, 32y 8 a
OATS— spots more active, steady. Options dull,
easier. January, 22c; February, 22y 3 c; May,
231/8 C
>>pot prices: No. 2. 221/ic: No. 2 white,
24V»c: No. 2 Chicago, 23Vic; No. 3. 20y c; No.
3 white, 22c; mixed Wesiei-u, -2(<s-'4e; whim do,
2S@3oc. .'.-; .
Provisions.
I.Arn-Quiet, steady: Western stpnra, $410:
city, $4 76; January, $4 12, nominal; re lined,
quiet: continental, 94 45; si. A., $1 70; compound,
4Vi@4^,c
fuiih- Firm: new mess. $8 26@S 75.
i:i;'i'l'Kii— Steady, quiet; Western creamery.
13@20c: do lactory. V^l-lc; Kliuus. iOc; imita
tion creamery, ll(jsl6c.
I'HtKsE- Fair demand, firm. Fart skims,
4@Bc; full skims. 2y @3c.
tU(Js_Qulet; Icehouse. 14@18c; Western fresh.
17(£T. 8c; do ens'', $1 75@3 30: limed, 14M14y ''.
1 ALLOW— DuII, nominal: city, S3/ 8 3 c;
country. . v -'/i4#S»ic ■
COTTON bEED Oil— Quiet, steadier. Crude,
20c; yellow prime, 23c.
KlCK— Fairly active, firm. Domestic, 3%@6c;
Japan. 4y B @-iy ? o.
MOLajjSi^- Quiet. New Orleans, new. 25@34c.
COe'FKK— Dull; unchanged 10 10 points down.
I January. $9 65; March, Sbßo@9 85; May, $9 B.'><4
j 9 90: July. $10; September. «10 10@lo lo: De
cember. $10 25. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7,
101/4'".
SUGAR- Quiet. Off A, 4S/ic: mold A, ««/ 8 c:
standard A, -• 43/ 8 c; confectioners' A, 414 c;
cut loaf. sc: crushed. sc; powdered, 4%c; granu
lated, 43/« c; cubes, 4r».gc.
Fruit and Produce.
AFRICOTb— Bags, D@Ulc.
j-F>i"PKfc— Peelea, boxes. 14©15 c: nnpeeled,
! bags, 7* 9p.
PRUNKS-Four sizes, nominal, sygc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose mil catel. 4%e <*
ft): S-crown, 6V£c; 4-crown, 6^2<iS7 1 / do London
layers. $1 40® 1 45; clusters, *. 65f52.
A MOSD&- Soft shells. B{gßi/jsc; do paper shell.
; s ll@l2c. : - ■■:■'*..
WALNUTS— Standard. 7%c; soft shell. 9c.
HOFii— Firm, moderate demand. Pacific Coast,
SV @l3c.
\»OOL-Quiet. Domestic fleece, 16®23c; pulled,
19@31c; Texas, 7@12.
Merchandise. : :
riOlßON— American. $ll(ai3.
COPPFR— Firmer. Lake. 911 co (all 75.
LEAD-steady. Domestic. *3 02y 3 07y 3 .
0 IN— Firm, straits, $13; plates, quiet.
feiMO/iiai-Dull. Domestic *3 90@4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 7.— Wheat had a sensa- j
tional break in price this morning. There was
nothing new in the s t nation to warrant the weak- I
ness other' than the Impression which has gained
m«ny adherents recently th t prices are too high.
I The "loncs" have become discouraged and the
bears correspondingly bold. The news was as a
i rule favorable to h lders, but as when prices were
I ascending news was disregarded, so a 1 so when
the course wag downward little need was given to
statistical information. There was little demand !
I for wheat to-day, and offering.! meeting with In- I
different response, prices, logically, declined. Be-
I ceipts «t Chicago were 22 cars, and 38,000 bush
j els were taken fiom store.
The Northwest baa 17« cars against 652 on the
I corresponding day a year ago. Liverpool opening
j rabies were steady and unchanged, ilosin,
j ones were H@ 3 /»d lower. Closing Continental |
■ cables we re higher. Export c earances were fair
j at 349,4(<2bushe s- Pri es ra lied a little late in
1 thes^'sion on reported sales for export here and
! in New York. May opened from 82c to 8134<-, de
! « lined to 80V*c, closing at 80%'£81c— iy 2 <fl S 8 .~
i unier yesterjay. Estimated receipts for to-mor-
I row 19 car». No. 2 red i>pot wheat ranged from i
j 86y c to 88y a c. clo»in? en 8by B @B7y 2 c.
I CußN— Weakened In sympathy wiih wheat, but
prices did not suff.'r as much, there ing no trade
to force a break, (julte a sentiment in iavor of
better prices for corn has developed of late, the j
reports of mixing of cornmeal with flour tending 1
to impart some confidence to buyers. Receipts !
! were 92 cars and 177.500 bushels were taken from !
1 store Liverpool cables were steady and un- j
j changed. Export clearances were liberal at 662,- '
3 8 bushels. -May corn opened at 25i4@25%c, I
declined to 24 % c, closing at 23c. 3 c under yes- I
terduy. .Estimated receipts for to-morrow, "145
j cars.
i Declined because of the all-around de
. pression prevailing. The easy lone was due to '
! the sympathy existing between this am other !
i speculative commodities, and not to auy inde- I
J pendent condition. Receipts were 106 cars, and !
1 840 bushels were taken from store. Kxports were I
; 43,--89 bushels. May oats closed VB@*/4c lower. !
i Estimated receipts for to- .morrow, 175 caw.
I FHX-Wss easy. Cash, No. 1. 73i,<ic: Nortn- !
: western. 75.% c; January, 73c: May, 7ayi@7oy 2 c. !
I PROVISIONS— A slightly weaker feeiiug was j
I observed in product, due to the surroundings and i
to lower prices for hogs. Business was slow and ;
unimportant. Late in the session quite a demand i
I developed, several packers and commission-houses j
i being prominent as buyers The talk of light
1 receipts of hogs la the near future helped prlies.
I Mar pork c'ojied 10c higher. May I.rd6®7y 2 c
i higher anil May ribs 7%@10c higner.
i BUTTKR— Was sie.uiy to-day. There was no
i Improvement in the business, offerings being ■
! tqual to th» demand. 1
! Creameries— 19c: firsts. 17@18c; sec- I
onds, 14(<&16c: imitations, fancy. l:-i(a,14c. Dairies- |
extras. 17c: firsts, i*(cH\ jc: second's. lUc. La- i
I dies— Extras. 10@llc: firsts. »i/»(Byy a c; packing ;
i stock. Be; grease, 2y 2 @3c; roil butter, t>c.
EGOS— Easy. The utoderatlon in the weather !
had a tendency to increase supp.ies and curtail de- I
mand. Freiti stock, 18Vac.
MONEY— Was quoted at 5@6% on call and time I
loans. New "i or<c exchange sola at 10c discounu |
losing Prices. -
WHEAT— January, 773/ic; May. 80%@81c I
July. B@BB8 @8By c
CORN— January, 226/ 8 c: May, 25c: July, 26c.
OATS— January. 153 /4 c: May, 18%@19c,
PORK— January, *7 70: May. *7 96.
LARD— January, S3 87V-: May, Si 05.
January. *3 97y a l May, *4 10.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111,. Jan. 8.-There
wasalarge supply of cattle on sale to-day. The
demand was slow, and prices declined 6®loc per
j hundred pounds. Offerings of hogs were heavy.
The inquiry was no. brink, and the feeling was '
1 weak. rices were 5c lower. Sheep and lambs '
were fairly active and steady.
CAT'lLt;— Receipts. 6000. Fancy cattle, $5 30
05 45: choice to prime steer*. if 4 5C@5 25; good to
choice steers. $4 50@4 85; medium steers. $4 10®
4 45: fair beef steers, $3 &l>@. 00: good to choice
] stockers ana feeders. *4 25@3 70; fair to good
I stockers «nd feeders. 9'i&3 70; bulls, choice to
extra, $3 3G@S > 5; do. poor to choice, $2 0l)@3 25;
cows and heifers, choice to prime. $3 60©4 25;
cows, fair to choice, $2 50(53 50; cows, common
to fair canners. $1 75(§i2 15; calves, gooa to fancy,
55 60@6 15; calves, common to good. $4 OU@5 50:
Texas led steers $3 4004 20: milkers and spring
ers, * head, $25(540. Other prices unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts; :U,OOOI Heavy packing aDd
shipping lots, S3 10@4 30: common to choice
mixed, $3 20@3 42V2; choice assorted, $3 40®
3 45; light, $3 J5@S 45; pigs, $3®3 45. .
BHEKP- Receipts. 11.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50@3 lb ; lambs, 93 50@5 30.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 8 _HOOS»_n».
eeipts. 16.000. Mariceteasy. Light, $3 20@3 27y ;
medium, $3 20i*3 25; heavy. S3 10@3 'i%y ; pigs,
CATTLE — Receipts. 5000. Market steady.
Native steers best, $4 10@i 75: fair 10 good, $3 10
@4 10: cow* ami heifers, best. 82 95@3 46; air to
good, $1 75®'-' 95: bulls $2 10@2 85; stockers
and feeders. S3 15@3 85: Texas and Western,
$ I 65@3 70; calvej. S6@l 3.
SHfc.EP— 3000. Lower.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. Kkbh., Jan 8 — HOOS—Re
ceipts, 4500. Marker. 5c to 10« lower. Light
and mixed, $31033 27"/ 3 ; heavy. ?1@31«.
I CATTLE— Kecelpis. raarke. steady; cows
and f:eder.< lnw»r. W leers, 93 40 cows, #1 60©
» 40; feeders, 93@S 85. "<S»
SHKEP-Keceipts. 600. Market weak. Mut
tons, f 3 76.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 8.-R. O. Dun * Co.
In tb#lr weekly review of trade Saturday, Janu
ary 9. will say: The year 1897 begins with one
clear advantage— the past year has swept out of
the way a great : number of unsound concerns
which In any time of activity woult have been
dangerous to business. Of the 15,2h6 commercial
and banking failures in 1896, with liabilities or
8276,815.799, a large share represented crippling
losses in previous years or the violence of specu
lative storms in 1895 or the first half of 1896
while thousands more resulted from the fury I of
the political torrmao la« fall. Banking fa iure«
amounted to $50,718,915 during the year aver
aged 9266.160 in Chi.ngo, 146 per cent 'larger
than 1896. Commercial failures amounte i to
$226,096,834, a little over $1,000,000 Having
been added by the lust day of the year, but the
average of liabilities, 14.992, were smaller than
in some years of great prosperity." •
The failures of brokerage and "other" commer
cial concerns averaged *58.41 8 each,. Increasing
18* per cent ov*r 1895, whi c manufacturing
failures averageJ $28.8(8 each and lncreas«d 34
per cent and' trading failures increased 18 per
cent, averaging only $96UtJ each. ■ ;
While bankini; failures have not ceased at the
West, apprehension abou; them has almost wholly
subsided ml no stri.>us influence upon general
trade is now expected. Many sound concern* were
doubtless caught b • the epidemic, but practically
*all the principal failures are traced to disregard of
law and of, banking sense at periods somewhat
distant. It is felt at, the West ihat all business
will be sounder after Its purging and the return of
money to New York has exceeded shipments to
the interior by $2.000. for the week. ..
Heavy disbursement* by the treasury and by
great corporations make money >ndant, and
tanks and saving* banks are seeking good paper,
taking some formerly sold at Chicago. "Foreign
exchange has risen a trifle as large bil.s are about
to mam re. Merchandise exports were 11 per cent
over last year, whfle imports were 27 per ceut lest
than for the same week-. speculative markets
have been cull. After rising 60 cents per share
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897,
and $'i for trusts, socks were checked by the re
vival of talk annul Cuba at Wasbioe on, and by
reduction of the dividend on the Delaware »nd
Iluosou. Ear 1 ings reporteJ for December
amount"d to $31,121,905 in the United States
alone. 24 per c°nt less than in 1895.
The railway receivershit s noted by the Railway
Age cover $2 821,509.000 stocks and bonds in the
years 1893-96 and $2,094,5 35,000 In the previous
nine years; foreclosure sales of tliepast three years
cover *2,231,157,00<), against $1,673 044,000 in
the previous ten years.
Wheat rose to 92c on Monday, but has declined
again to 891/4 C, with Western receipts 1,000,000
bushels smaller than last year, while Atlantic ex
ports, flour Included, were 2,307,900 bushels,
against i!, 337,936 last yetr.
Trade accounts indicate a great quantity in farm
ers' hands, enough to permit more man 100,t'00,0:;0
bushels to be exported in the remalniug six
months.
Cotton started up a shade, but receipts from
plantations are still too large for low estimatis,
and toe condition of the cotoa-miiis foreibadows
cur; ailment rather than large consumption. The
market for goods is extremely slow, as many in
fer thai the unprecedented stocks of priut cloths
indicate a similar surplus of other soils. he
logic is bad, but in many branches the mills have
donht ess manuiuctured goods anticipating a de
mand which has not come. It is now proposed to
reii vetlie mar vet by selling 1 quantities of print
cloths abroad or by locking up 2,000,00'J pieces
until the market improves. The only change In
quotations U 14c reduction In some bleached
goods
Stocks of woo' January 1 t or owned by manu
factuiers or far ners »re 123,658,080 pounds do
mestic and 26,844,000 loreig.i, according to the
Bos. on Commercial .Bulletin, and the otuVlal esti
mate of production shows a decrease of 20 per
cent in three years, but saiea are only 3.885,000
against 6,t94,30U in 1896. Prices are a shade
lower and quotations by Coates Bros, are com
pured. show ing a decline in six yeurs of IB cents
in prices of Northern Mates wool, wt;h relatively
as g^eat decline in Western and Territory wool,
which uoim far to explain tbelarge reported stocus.
and quantitiei held by manufacturer.* are probably
larger than is commonly supposed.
In woolen goods the only change is a reduction
of 71/jjC in clay worsted and mixtures andorlers
are not more frequent, orders for boots and shoes
have aim. st < eased exept for a few qualities,
which have been advanced only -V2 e lo °c iv
price, but jobbers ar« buying a little more as
stock* run low. Leather W miff and high grade
stronger. Enormous purchases of billets came
with a rush, most of the large concerns contract
ing for all they rtquired for irontbs, and even a
year to come, and some of the largest contracts are
said to have been at $15, or even less, but there is
no in-lit r demand for structural wnrus. Bars
weak. Nails have declined to $1 40 for wire and
$1 'Si for cut, and little is doing in rails, as pos
sible buyers think $15 Is too much. Neverthe
less, a great trade is expected when relative
prices become settled.
BANK CLKAKISGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. B.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
January 7, with comparison* us lelegrapned 10 i
Bradstreet'a:
rercentage
Cjtiks. Amount-. Inc. Dec.
New York $868,440.28? 6.1
Boston... 11ii.H60.215 16.4 ......
Chicago 76,799,6-6 ...... 25.8
Philadelphia 6fi.:JO,'JS4 21.7
St. Louis. 27.803,016 1.8
San Francisco l-',3B\6i<9 16.4
Kansas City 9.634,184 2*3
Omaha 4.040.hu8 15.3
Denver - 2.283,30(1 . 2.9
Los Angeles 1,325.711 11.4
Portland, Or 1.361, 6.'.*
Salt Lake 1,629,825 16.8
Helena 604.062 17.2
Tacoma 388,851 ...... 25.0
Seattle 451.704 18.2
bpokane 582. 17.8
Totals U. S $1,144,639,080 7.6
Outside of New Yonc
City 470,158.794 9 6
DOMINION' OF CANADA.
Total 5*22,967,372 15.1
SEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1 Va@2%: last loan at 1%%
and closing at lVz%- Prime mercantile pa
per. 3y {&4%. Bar silver, 64 3 Mexican dollars.
60 1 ,.>(jijl 1 2. Sterling exchange steady, with actual
business lii bankers' bills a*. $4 84@4 8414 for
60 days and $4 86%@4 87 for demand. Posted
rates. $4 841/2©* BS. Commercial bills, $4 82V
@4 b3Vj>. Government bonds steady: State bond*
quiet; railroad bonds firm. Silver neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel * Cable... 86 North American... 4y 3
Atchlson 141/8 Northern Pacific. J3V 3
Pref«rred 233/g preferred 3i*i/g
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern 102»/ 4
Alton, Terre Haute 65 Preferred..... 152
American ExpressllO N V Centra 1........ 93
American lobacco 78 NY, Cbicago&Sst L lH/ 3
Preferred 103yj Ist preferred 65
Bay Mate (4 as 11% 2d preferred.. 27
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 17Vs!N V <fc N H. ...... 177
BrunswlcK Lands. % N V & New Etig... 45
Buffalo, Koch AP. It 3/ 4; x Susq <ft W.... 9y a
Canada Pacific 65a,J Preferred... 24
Canada Southern.. 45 .Ontario 10
Canton Land 50% Ontario & Western 14%
Central Paclnc l* s /i Oregonlmprovmnt
cues & Ohio 17y 2 Prete-red. ........—
Chicago Alton 160 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred... 174 Oregon Short Line. 14
Chicago, B Q.... 711/4 Pacific Mall. 241,4
Chicago .£ E 111.... 40 Peona. D & Evans 2
Preferred 9t> jl'ittsbur? &\V pfd. 15
Chicago Ga5........ 75 Pullman Palace 153
CievH<fe Plttsburg.l62 Quicksilver 114
; Consolidation «X>aL 3d Preferred 12
Consolidated Gas.. Reading "6
CC C it St Louis... / i;RloGrande<fc\Vestn 15
Preferred ;. 7»Vs ' 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel A IrCJ.. 23V«, Rock Island 67V*
Preierred 70 Rome\VaiAOtden.ll7
Cotton Oil cert.... 12»^ St L<fcs W 41/4
Commercial Cable. 166 - I Preferred 10
Del Hud50n. ...:.. .U11/4 St Paul... 7<s/
Del Lack<fc\Vestrn.lss j Preferred 130
Denver<teßG '11% 8t Paul «fc Dulutb.. 20
Preferred 4iy 3 Preferred 80
Distillers 'St Paul & Omaha.. 48V4
General Electric... 336/ 8 i Preferred 180
j Erie 14i ,St flit M 112 •
Preferred 33y 2 Silver Certificates. 64»4
Fort Wayne I6z Kouttiern Fac.tic... lSV^t
Great Northern pfdllß southern X X 9Vs ■
lireen Bay % Preferred 26»4
Harlem 290 Sugar Refinery. ...lH Va
Hocking Coal- 44 I Preferrfd ...... 101
Hocking Valley... 17 Term Coil <fe Iron.. 27i/a
Homeslake 35 Preferred »0
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific 9
Illinois Central.... 92 Tol AA<t N Mich. .
lowa Central. 7% Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 2!i \ Preferred . 60
Kansas <fc Texas... 13y Tol t>t Louis <fc X C 5
Preferred *9 /i Preferred 15
Kingston <ft Perm.. 3 Union Pacific 9
I Lake Erie <fe Westn 17 U P Den Gulf.... 2%
Preferred 68»/4 U B Cordage.
Lake Shore 16) , Preferred
National Lead . 23 1 Guaranteed
Preferred . 85% !r 6 Express 3H
Long lslan-1 53 U S Leather........ 86/ 8
Louisville & Nash. 491/8! Preferred 69
( Loulsville.N AiDtiy V* U B Rubber 24%
Preferred... .....' 114 Preferred......... 76
1 Manhattan C0n.... 881/4 Uilca A » River... 160
Memphis* Charli 15 W«b 8L it Pacific. «Vs
Mexican Centra ... 7% Prsferred 15%
Michigan Central.. 90 Wells-Far5t0........ C 7»/ 4
illnn.tSL Western Union.... 841/4
Prefeired Wtsi onsin Central. 2
Minn &bt L com.. 18% Wheeling & LE... 6
Ist prelerred 7«J | Preferred 2<yi
2d Dreff rred. 4bi/4 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 55
Missouri Pacific... 21 iW U Beef 6
Mobile & Ohio 21 Ann Arbor 9
Nashville & rniut. 67y2 1 Preferred 22
National Linseed.. 13 ; Brooklyn Traction. 1814
NJ Central 1001/ilErte 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk & Wescrn. HVgl American Spirits.. 13
Preferred 16V* Preferred 29
CI.OSIKB BONDS. V.'.l'ri-
Ala Class A 4*.. ...102 Northern Pac Ist.vll3i/ a
Do Clans B 4, 65. 102 Do 2d«.. ......
Alabama, class C. 94 Do 3<ls. 78
Atchisou 4s ".. 79% Do consoles 66
Do2dsA 44i/4|Or lmprovmnt 81%'
Canada South 2<15. 104*4 Do 65............. IBV3
Cen Pac of '9s. O RAN Ist*. 110y 8
Cherokee 4s, 1896.108 Do consol 55. ....
Do 1807.... .103 Or Short, Line 65... 11
Do 1898. ...... 103 Doconaol 55..... 64%
Do 1899..... 103 Pacific 6s of '97...
Cues A. Ohio 65....10814 I'hllaA Heading 4s 81
Ch&NPTr Rets 6s 417/ Do Ist pfd lucom. 47
DC 3-665. ...109V* X Grande West lsts To"A
Den & KG 15t.....110i/ a st L<tlronMtUenss 74
■ Do «s ...88 St L&aFGen 1073/4
Erie ads 64V* St Pan! Consols.... 129
FtW&DenClty lsts 63 -a PCA Pa lsts ..USV4
UH & A6s 95% So Carolina 4Va«...:00
Do2d7». 96 Southern X 1t 05... 89%
Gen Elec Debßs... 90% Do Pac Cal 15t5.. 107
H & lex Cent ss. .107 . Term new 35....... 80 '
Doconßs... 100 Texas Pac 15t5..... 86 ■
lowa Central lsts.. 96ViUexas Pac 2d»..... 21
Kansas Pa Consols tttoy 2 |nnlon Pac lscs 9a.10.HV3
Ks PalstsDenDlvllS U« 4s reg of 1925.120
La Coiisol 414 Do 4s, coupon 120 s /s
Missouri funding... D S 4s reg of 1007. 110 Va
MX Tid 5.......... 6114 Do4B, coupon. ...lUVs
-Do4s.. 83 Do 25............. 95Va
Mobile <ftObio 45.. 67 ' Dobs, reg ...... 114 ,
Mutual Union 65.. 110 Do bs. coupon.. 114
N J Cent Gen 85... 116% Va funding deot. .. 61V*
N YC<ftSt Louis 45104 Do registered
Nor<fe\VestUen 6sllß ;Do deferred 65... 5:
N Carolina con 4s. 101 Do trust rcptsipd 0
Do 6s .124 Wabashlst 55.....106Va
ISortbwestConsols. 140% West Unore 4a...,.iU&J 4
:Uodeo6B lt'B6/ 8
FOREIGN MARKETS.
' , WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., Jan. B.— The spot market
is quiet at 7s 2y 2 d. Cargoes are linn at 36s 6d,
sellers, prom at shipment.
• . ./ ... , FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. '1 Red Winter: Jan
uary. 6s B%d; .February, >6s 9V^d; Match, 6s
ioy±d; Muy, tis ioy 3 d.
,'i ''.A SECURITIES. .
LONDON', Esq., .> Jan. Consols* 111%; sil
ver, 29 11-1 6 d; .French Kentes, 102f 65c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 day 5.......'. • — 94 84*4
Sterling Exchange, slgut *. — ■4 88 -■■
Sterling Cables — , 4 88y 2
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16 r
Fine silver, per ounce ■.:.. — < 8434
Mexican Doiiars...... ..'......; 63 ■ 62Vi
. . " .- !' .' ■*■ '' — — — . . *. ■ •■
PEODUOE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OIBKK GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Pendragon Castle takes lor Liv
erpool 66.688 ctls, valued at $100,000.
The .-routu African demand keeps the market up
and another ship has been taken for this account.
Quoted at $1 35@1 60 /$ ctl for common grades,
*1 52 V @l 65 ft en for average .No. 1, $1 67y a lor
choice aud $1 Co@l 65 f> ctl for extra choice
milling. ■? .
(A 1.1. BOARD SALES. '
Informal (mission— 9:ls ' o'clock— May— Booo
ctls, sl 58V*; 4000, 81 58y 8 .
■■■hkxisjd xkssion— May— 2ooo .ctls, $1 57%;
2000, $1 57y 3 .
Kegular Morning ; Skbsiox — May — 14.000
ctls. 51 673^: 10.000. $1 57%: 8000, $1 58.
aitkrsoon Session— Way— 4ooo ctls, 81 68;
6000. 8 1 57%.
BAULKY— .Futures are lower, but spot prices
are vn need. We quote Feed. 77Vs@85c: choice
bright, 86i4@87y c; Brewing e^y a @97y a c: So,
1 Chevalier, «1 10@l 20 ft ctl.
; CALL BOARD BALES.
' Informal Session 1 — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctis, 89V»c; 2000,
S9c; 4000. Bfc:^c.
■ Hkoulab Morning fcjcssiON— May— 2ooo cils,
89c: 4000, 68% c.
afternoon .--ession— May— lo,ooo ctls, »B%c;
2000, t>9c; IB 00U, Hbs/^c.
OATS— Fancy teed. 51 45. Common to good
White range from $1 10 10 81 35 ft ctl, according
to quality. Black, for feed, 96c@*l 10; . for s«ed,
$1 20@l SO; Gray, nomina ; K«d. »1 07y a 12%:
surprise. 81 st@l 60 $ ctl.
tOKN- Offerings continue too heavy and the
market is weak and dull. .Large Yellow, 77V»@
80c ft ctl; small hound do, 97% c; White, b2Vg@
BSc %i ctl. ■
KYK-92i/ 2 r<i9scsctL
BUCKWUjiIA'I-— Qaot«d at $1 15@1 40 ft ctl.
FLOUK AND MILLSTUFFS.
LOUR— Shipment of 10,292 barrels to China,
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
So@s 1O^bbl: Bakers' extras. $4 90@5; Super
fine, $4 H@4 60 ft obi. :■•,-.•,
COKNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $18@19 1* ton;
Cracked Corn, $19320 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
I usu 1 discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
ft 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 73 ft 100 lbs: Bice Flour,
$5 75: Cornmeal, 82 35: extra cream do, 83:
iat meal, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy, $S 10
@'S3O: Buckwheat Flour, $3 20@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, *3 50; Farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour.
$3: Koiled Oats (bbls), 86@6 40; Pearl Barley,
8-3 75@4; Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 ft
100 lbs. ■ '■'';•< ?'■
HAY AND FEEDSTCPFS.
Choice Wheat Hay has moved up a peg. No
other changes.
BKAS- 50 for the best and $12@12 50
ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 818019 for lower grades and
$20@'.'O 50 %4 ion for the best.
1-h.KDsTUFFS— holled Barley, $19 bo@2o;
oilcake Meal at the ml.:. $26 60 "r> ton; jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Cats, $1 4j«*l 50 ft < tl.
HAY— Wheat, $!-@ll; Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6@9; Baritiy. $7@B 50; Klver Bar>ey,
$5@6 50: A.falfa, $6@7 6"; compressed, $6®
9 50; stock, *5@6: LI ver, 88&8 "#* ton.
S'l'iUW- 3O(a»iiOc ft bale.
BICANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Bayoa, $1 40@l 60; Small White*.
$1 15(a)l 30 <jjl ctl; Large Whites. *1 10@l 25 *
ctl;P nks, $1 05®l 20: Reds, SI 10@l 20; Black
eve, f 1 lt'@l 20: Ke<i Kidney, $2 60: Limns. $1 65
@1 90: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, *1 20@l 40.
hKKD! — Brown Mustard, $2 75@3: Yellow Mus
tard, 82 10i*2 25 V ctl; Flax, $1 »6@l 40: Canary
Se d, ls^®!:!/^ V Ib; Alfalta, 6Vic; Rape. 2Va®
2 3 /4 c. Hemp, ac; Timothy. 4V»c
1/KIKII PrtAS— »J(gil 15* ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 60 |% ctl. ________
POTATOES, ONION VEGETABLES.
All descriptions under this head are quiet. Re
ceipts of Potatoes were very heavy, being 12,860
sacks.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, $1 25@1 60: Early
Rose, 70@75c: River Reds. 60@60c; Btirbnnk
s.eedllii(£3. 40@50c '$ cti for Rivers and 60c@$l
for Saiinas.
OMi>NS-40@66c f» ctl.
■VKOhTAhLiis- Hothouse Cucumbers. *I@l 50
*H doz; Hothouse Aspara.us, 10@15c * Ib; Rhu
i>arb, $1 25 %". box; Los Angeles summer Squash,
76c(g)$l t». box; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 25®
Toe «* box: mushrooms. li)@2oc ~fi Ib, lat er Ax
lire lor buttons; Marrowfat Squash, $5 "0 ton;
Los Angele-> Tomatoes, 50@.6c >t box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc %i Ib; Green Peas, s©7c 1* lb: Los
Angelas string !-i»-ans, B@9c: Dried OKra, B(a>9c 'f,
Ib; Cabbige, 40(a,5i»c v ctl; Carrots, 30^»40c "V
back; Garlic, iy a @2c Ib.
BUTTEK, CUKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Fancy Creameries »ell readily enough
at full figures, but lower grades of Butter are dull
and weak. . "',•
Cbeamkry— near-by Creameries. 21©
22c: seconds. 19@20c: Humboldt, 21-@24c f* lb.
■ Dairy— Fancy, 18@19c; good to choice, ltji/a®
17^c: lower cradfo, 15@16c^ Ib.
Pick lkd— 15C *$ lb.
Firki.n-14@16c?< lb. .
Cbkamery Ti7B-17(gtl8c ft Ib.
CHKKSr— The market rutes easy. Choice mild
new, llfSl lVjc V R>; common to good old, S'SlUc;
Cream l heddar, ll@12c; Younit America, 11@12-;
Western, ll^C^l'J^c: KHstern. 13@14V2C lb.
K(<GS -Fresn stocks of Eastt-rn are on the mar
ket at l.'ofai.3c. California , I- Kg' are weak and
ranch are lower. Ranch Kggs, 2ti@29c; store Eggs,
23@25c; Duck Kggs, nomiual— very few here.
POULTRY AND GASIE.
POUI<T KY— ' market is steady at about the
same prices ■" y
Live Turkeys, 14@15c f, Ib for Gobblers, 14@15c
« lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 16f»18c %» Ib:
Geese. V pair. $1 '2f>@\ 60; Ducks, $:>(d.6 > .1.,/.:
Hen!-, $4@5 50: Koo-.tirs. young. $5@5 60: do,
old, $4@4 50: FrveT*. .? sffts 50: Broilers. 94 60@5
for large and 3f*4 for small: Pigeons, $1 25®1 bo
IH dot tor young and $1 tor old.
a.MK — A few narrow fluctuations will be seen
here and there. Quail. $1 i'2\'.,(<i>l 25 ¥ dox: Mal
lard, $3@l; Canvasback, $c(o.y. si.ri,'. » v@2 ;50
V dozen; 'Teal," $1 25@1 50 r dozen; WlJefon,
fl 50: small Duck. $126: Eng.isn bnlpe, 92 50
f dozen: Jack hnipe, $I@l 60 V dozen: /imp,
$1: Kabblts, $160 for Cottontails and $3@l 25
for small: Uray Geese, $2 60; White Geese, 76c
«lsl -. Brant, $1 SS@l 50 ; llonkeis. $4@4 60.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are large stocks of Eastern Apples here,
and they do not sell.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@«l "& box lor choice, $1 10@l 25 for
fancy Bed, 3S@6sc for common; Eastern, $I@3
?i bbl.
Pears, 76c@?l 28 * box.
Persln morn, 3t@7sc ft box.
BEHKIKH—
Eastern Cranberries, S6@7 50 bbl. '- < . '
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges and Lemons con
tinue dull. Limes are still scarce. Mandarin Or
anees. 76c@$l ¥1 box: Navel oranges. $1 60@2 50
$ box; Seedlings, *I@l 50: Grape Fruit. $3 50(a«
4 60; Lemons. 75c@$l 60 for common and $2@2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, ; 1 aliioruiu
Limes, $1 60: Bananas, $1(11)2 •$ bunch; Pine
apples, $2© 4 f» doz- ■
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
- Business in all descriptions Is very dul'.
DRIED FRUITS— ,
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows : ; ■ . • .-« ;'v»};::it
iarload lots— Apricots are quotable at G@Oc
for Koyds and ]lVi@l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3 l 'a c for the 4 sizes; Peaches,
4@5y 2 c for prime to choice, 6Vi@7c tor fancy and |
9<§!oc lor peeled in boxes; Apples. 6%3 ft lb for
evaporated and •J@ay 2 c ' or sun-dried; Pears, 2y 2
@5c for prime to choice, 4(g)5y 5 c for quarters and
b(g)6i/2C for halves: Plums, 4<: for pitted ana iy e
fo- imputed; .Nectarines, 3Vj@4Vbc for choice and
SVzC for fancy; Wi.ite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2 Vi
@2J/ c. ■ . ■-, ... .
Jobbino Prices— Peaches, 4y @sy a c '%* lb;
fancy, 6y @7y ? c fi Ib; peeled. l'^Vju ii lb. Apri
cots, . 6Va(g>yc %* tb: lancy, :loc; Moorparka. i'Z@
13c; evaporated Apples, 6%c: sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes, 33/i@4c for the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
impressed mi 1 3@3y c for pressed: white Flbs, 4o;
Plums, 4y 2 for pitted and l^c for unpitted:
Nectarines, 4&6 c * tb for prime to fancy; Pears,
2y a @sc for whole, 4^@sy a c for quarters and
1 41/21*01/20 for halves.
KAlblNK— ■
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, • 6S/ S c;
three-crown, 43/ 8 c $1 lb; two-crown, 3S/aC V. 16:
seedless 1 1 amu, !>y a c; seedless Muscatels. 48/gc;
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, SI hi);
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial dusters, $3;
dried (i rapes. 3c 9 lb. ■•.'■■■ ,
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. 6S/4C; 8-crown, 4%c; "-crown, 3%c: seed
less Sultanas, 6*40; seertless Muscatels, 4Vic;
3-crown Lonuon layers, $1 -'6; clusters, $1 60;
Uehesa > clusters, 92 75: imperial clusters,,^
NU'l S— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10r: Walnuts,
6Vif#7c 1* li> f< r standard and 9(a9y 2 c * Ib for
ROiutbell; Almonds, 6®t>V»c for Langaedoo, 3@
Sy^c ior hardshell and b®l»c V tb for paper-shell;
Peanuts, 4@6c %i Ib for Kastern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, S@ c%< lb; Pecauo, 7^@
8c "# Ib; filberts, 7yj.r4Bc; Brazil \Nuts, 7Va@Hc;
Cocoauuts, f4@s ft 100. ■••■-■■: ■■■■■ < ■ ■ <'■■■■/
HONKY— Comb. 10@12%c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades: . air'r-wblie extracted, 6(fl)si/2C;
lielit amber extracted 4' n(g,i-'±r; dark am tier,
4@4%c: dark. 2(0 3c ** lb. •
Bi-.i!,BWAX-Vb@26c «i lb. Shipment 017021
lbs to Liverpool.
PROVISIONS.
The market Is inactive at the familiar prices.
C URED ; MEATS- Bacon, ;6c & lb for heavy, 7c
$ Ib for light medium, 91/2 C for light, 10c ft lb for
extra light and liy 2 c "$ lb for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured ■' Hams, ?'l2Va@l3c: California
Hams, lie # , ib; Mess , Beet, *7@7, 50: extra
mess do. 88@8 60: family do, $9 50@10; extra
pilmc Pork. «7 60 @ 8; extra clear, asm $ obi;
uieas. $14 V bbl: Smoked Beef. 10c %i lb. ► ■ ;
i LARD- Eastern, tlerce<. Is quoted »t 6i/ c for
compound and 6@6V<|C for puie: palls, 7c; Calli
fornla tierces, fi@;iiAj<; »4 Ib for compound and 6'/)C
for pure; haif-bols, ti%c; 10- lb tli.s, 7V«c: do, 5-Ib,
71/2 Ci* lb. .^ :i ■,■ . . :.- '.. -■ .«* . '.
■-: CuTruLENK— 6®6t.ic In tierces and7%®*VßO
In 10- tins. :•■ :
HIDES, '.TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND »KISS— Are still . dull and un
changed. Heavy Baited steers are quotable at 8c:
mils brands, 7c; medium, 7c: culls and brands
6c; light, be; culls arid brands, 6c: Cowhides, 6@
6VaC culls «nd brands. i. 6@sy c; salted Kip, ti@
7c: salted Calf, 7@Bc; 2 salted Veal, 6@7c: dry
Hides. 12@13r '& lb: culls and brands, 9@loc;
dry. Kip and Veal, OfeiOc; ■ culls. 7@Hc: dry < alf,
16c; culls. - 10c; Goatskins, -«'u(tt3Sc each: Kids,
sc; Deerskin*, good summer, UUiaO'^Sc %* lb-. me
<Hum,ls@Joc; winter, 7@9c; fcheepsklns, shear
lins:*, )G(sisc each; short wool, 25@35ceach; me
(Hum. 30@45ceach; long wools. 4J@6Uc each. I
TALLOW- Shipment of 160.000 lbs to Liver
pool. No. 1, r«iideit;d, 3#Bi/4c; JNa 2, 2y s c ft Ib;
refined, sc: (Jrtase, 2c i* Ib.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Humbo'.dt and
Mendocino, B@9c; free northern, 7y @Bysc: mid
dle counties, tree, sy2@7c: do, defective, 4y2@tic;
San Joaqmn, s 3C<fsc: no,* foothill, 6@7c: ■ tastern
Oregon >pring, -7y2@9c: ■ Valley Oregon, ; 11-V a d
lsy 2 c; do, fall and lambs', ll@liyac
hOPS-ttaSc fir lair to choice and 9@loc «1 tt>
for fancy. Small sales are being made.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
- BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 43,4 c: June-
July delivery, 4y 8 c: Wool Bans, 24Vj@2t> 1
COAL- Wellington. $< ft ton;. New Wellington,
J8 * ton; Sfouthneld Wellington, 87 60 V ion;
Seattle, 85 60: Bryant, 85 50; Coos Bay, 84 75;
Wallsend,s6 50; scotch. : Brymbo, ; <■ um
berland, $13 60 in bulk- and 815 In sacks; Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Ekst. *11@12 <£ ton: Welsh
nthracite. $8@10; Cannel. »8 -ft ion; Kock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 87 60;
Coke, $ll®ia in bulk and »13 ft ton in sks.
i OFFLK— C. K. Bickford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this on thus far this year at 130, 9
bags, a-ralnst 150,873 bags durinic the same period
in 1895. 1 The S'l.s from first hands were 11 .',183
bugs, against, 140.496. The stock In first bands
January 1 was 3188 bags. 1 against 8256. The
world's visible supply January 1 was 4,025,187
bags, against K,55.',7«2 January 1, 1896. The cir
cular says: • borne trading I etween second bands
in Central Americans, and sales of cantos and Ha
waiian that do not appear in our list of llrst-band
transactions, mate the total volume f < r toe past
10 days of fair proportions, but the general .one of
the market has been quiet. Light arrivals of new
Coffees and the scam and poorly assorted supply
of old crop have prevented a better business, as
.dealers who now find themselves in need of stock,
especially of vooa and . fine grades, are ready 10
supply their requirements wnenever the goods are
obtainable. About 300 bags new Guatemala were
sold last week for shipment overland at 20Vi@
2iy 3 lor good to strictly prime washed, and there
are further inquiries irom that quarter also, nearby
arrivals are apt to find an active market. To-day's
sock consists Of 77 Nicaragua, 1175 Salvador.
1702 Guatemala- in all 2: 54 bass, as against 2560
same time last yenr. The steamers Co on and
Newport are due about 11th lnst. with 3550 bags."
We quote:
Costa Kica— 19y a ®20y nom. for good to
prime; 17y @19c nom. for good mixed with black
beans: 16@ncnom. for fair; 12@15y a c nom. for
common to ordinary.
Salvador— lß@l9c for good to prime washed:
17i/i@l7J>/4C for lair washed; lfl®2oc lor good to
prime washed peaberry; 17y3@17S;ic for superior
unwashed: 17c for go d unwusned; 18%@19c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican -21@2iy c ft Ib fcr
prime 10 strictly prime washed new crop; 193,4
@2084»-ior go- d to s rlotly good washed no*- crop; |
18Wail9c for good washed old crop: 16@18y*c
lor fair washed old crop; 14@15y 2 c for medium
old crop: Hy^lSi/ic for ordinary old crop: 8y
@llc lor inferior to common old croo: 19V2@20y a c
for good to prime washed peaberry o.d crop;
18y 2 @l{ic for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old ciop.
° RICK-Chinese mixed, $3 40@3 50; No. 1, $3 75
@3 90 ft ctl: extra No. 1, $4 10<g>4 30; Hawaiian,
*4 i' .'i(g,4 .H7y a : Japan, $41g4 t}xi /a .
UNSEED oIL— Is ,ower at 36c for raw and 38c
for boiled, In barrels: cases, 3c more.
. SL'GAK— The Western SuearKelining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Ciushed, 5y 2 c:
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, sy a c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/gc: Confectioners' A, 4»/»cs Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 33/ic; half barrels
y^c more than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SAN" FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
ii i irir - ■ •*™ twd»;.. ■ . . ■ .
Hogs are a fraction firmer. Other description*
are unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BKkF— First quality, 6@6y»c: extra choice, 7c;
second do. n(g,t>c; third do, 4®6c "r» Ib.
VKAL— La.ge, 6@7c; sma.l. 7@Bo 1? lb.
MUTl OX— Wethers, 6V 3 @7c; Ewes, 6@6Vic
¥ lb. -
LAMB— !b.
PORK— Live Ho? 8. ?,i4@33/ 8 c ift Ib for lame and
medium and 3i4©38/8C lur small; dressed do, 4y
@,SiAC $ Ib.
KECKIPTi OF PRO DUCK.
TOR 24 HOUES.
Flour, qrsks.... 4.2*5! H«y, ions..... M 451
Oregon:... 4,822 Butter, ctl*...^. 61
W hear. e115...... • 67.97tj Cheese, ciu...,^ 61
Oregon 1.51S Kegs, do» — 3,690
Barley. cils.lr... 2,205 j Hide*, no 268
Nebraska...... 6 8! Pelt*. bd1<i. ......
Oats,cus.... Wine. pals....^. 160
Oregon ■ 1.160; sugar, bb1». ....... 1,tJ25
Beans, ski ...... 850 1 I puttier, r0115.... 29
Corn. Neb. ctU... M2O Tallow, ctls. .... 7
Potatoes, sic*.;.. 12,8i$ti I Lumber, M tar.. 10
Onluns, 5»i...._ 616 Kalsins. boxes.. 10
Bran. »k5. ....... 1,18 | Chicory, bbls.... 10
Middlings, ski... , Alfalfa .Seed, sis tO
FAMILY KKTAIL 9IARKKT.
Eggs are slightly cheaper. . Butter and Cheese
are unchanged.
Meals and Poultry show no particular change
from last week.*
Fruits and Vegetables are about as usual.
Following Is Tvs all regular weekly retail
price list: •-. -.■ , ■ ' > .
. »! .'-.■. ■'; rOAt— PKR TOX. 5, - ; ; . ':■.'..■
Cannel...". — @10 00 Castle Gate, Bo@lo 00
Wellington. — @10 00 Pleasant Vat 9 60@10 00
New Wei- , „ v Southtield
' lington.... ■"'— ®10 00 Wellington — @ 950
Seattle 7 60® — | CoosUay... — (fl> «» 75
JiAIBV PKODITrir. . V.T". ;
Butter, fancy, ¥ Cheese, cai ..12@15
square .......... — ®B0 Cheese, KMtern...ls@2o
<30, 1» roll 40f<045 Cheese, Swiss... .20C&30
do. choice _.. — fd)4o Common Eggs 25(§,30
0n!1narya0........3.'>(ai — i Ranch Ki;KS»id7....3o,a 35
Pickled roll B<>@3s ! Honey, comb, "**&• 12(0)15
Firkin ... — (g)3oj Co, extracted.... WJajlJ
meats— pkr pottvp.
Karoo . ..12017 Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, ch0ice.. .....12<£15 Pork, salt... .10®12
do, good S@lo Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef B@— Round Steak 8(s)10
Ham, Cal 12V2@15 Sirloin Steak.. .121 j>(& —
do, Eastern 15@16 Porterhouse, do. . .17(g)20
Lard 12(a)15 Smoked Beef — ®15
Mutton . B©l2 Pork Sausages.... <ij:JO
Lamb ..10@lnVs Veal 10<g>13
Spring Lamb 2O'a2j . ...'
POULTRY. AND HAVIE.
Hens. each.... 1 60* 60Iiare. each 15® 20
Young Roost- Wild Geese.ea. 20© SO
ere, eacn BO® 60 KngSnlpe.ildz —(a) 300
Old Roosters, ' JaK Snipe. '«»dz2 00&6 —
each 60® — (Quail, «* d0z...l 50@2 00
Fryers, each... — @ 40, Mallard, t* pr. 76(0) —
Broilers, each.. — ® 36Canvasba. k.pr 7S@2 00
Turkeys, # lb.. 20<a 2. ISprlg, # pair.. 50<n> 60
Ducks, each... BO® Teal, * pair... 6C<& 60
Geese, each.... 75(J81 00 Widgeon, "£ or 61<3) ■60
Pigeons, t* pr.. *o.* M/j.Smll Duck, Dr. 4.l(g> —
Rabbits, «i pr.. SJS& 40
rBOITS AIfDNOTV
Almonds, 1b 13®15| Limes, "£ doz Bb(S —
Apples. fi Ib ...... 4© 6 Oranges, 1? d0z.... 16® 30
Bananas. ** doz... Pears, Ib B^lo
Cocoanuts, each... -lia) e| Raisins, V ft). K«ls
Grapes, %} Ib ...... Jo@2o Walnuw, *» Ib 16® —
Lemons, «l doz . . .25@30 '
VKOKTABLTM.
Axparn^us. V &> ..2O(o'J6iMr'fat Squash.ft It, 6@lo
Art!chokes,'f(do«?l(dl V6lDried Okra. %) tb..12@15
Beets, "1» doz.. 12@1 61 Onions, & lb 4(<i) h
Beans, white Bi Peppers, dried ...15^ —
Colored, IS Ib :(9 6! do, gre-n. %i !b . H(ailC
Lima, %4 Ib ... 4fo) 5 Parsnips, a0z....15@2D
Cabbace, each 6^lo Potatoes, %i 1b..... 2(a> 3
Cauliflowers, each. CM » jjd -Sue*--, > tb.. «(n) ,4
Celery, Tfr bunch... 6® — i ßadishes. %dzbchs.lO@r«
Cress. %dzbunchs.2U@26Hbubnrb. * 1b..... K(0lO
Garlic, %* Ib ft* — Sage. "£ tt»..........26@35
Green Peas, lf» lb.. 10,' is lv rinse Beans, it B..lo<feUs
Lentils, 5* Id ...... 6®^ Thyme, * tt>.......20@30
Lettuce, ft doz 15^23 Turnips, '<& U0i. ... 15(q)2 0
Mushrooms, 9 n>..2o@>3o|TomatoeSi V ft.... Sijilo
FJBH— PKR POTJSIIX .
8arracuda.......... -& — 5had...... B<a>lo
Carp 6 fa) Sea, Bass- 10®12
Codfish .....12ftO16Smeita M 12@15
Flounders 10(i» — Soles 10(<}12
Ha1ibut............ 12ra)lB Skates, each. 6@15
Herrinc K«)loiSturgeon.... 10(<8U
Kincnah „.... feKOlOlTomcoa...... 12® it
Mackerel.. .... -ra> —'Clams, gal.. ®50
do, Horse —f$ — Do. hardshell, "$ . .
Perch .;.... ........ 1064—1 100...... .......... BOca-
Pomnano.. —'a — Crabs, each. 12®15
Rockflsh .......... 12^1 6 Do. softshell, » dz.26®35
Salmon, smoked.. ."2o(<o — Mussels, 1? qrt 10&12
Salmon, iresh...... 12@1 5 Oysters, Cal,« 100.40® —
tSbriuipa hip. 10 Do, Kaatern, *ux.a&®*o
E£AL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ella M. (ioe to Henry Feige, lot on S line of
Clinton I'attd&S E o: Dolores, E 25 by S 76: SlO.
Elizabeth Mack 10 Ellzubeih Sachs. iot on 8 line
of Twenf-aecond street, 125 X of Valencia, X 40
by S o 5: $4400.
Mary k. Corcoran, first party, to Cornelias X
Corcoran and Mary J£. J)evuia, second party (nn
divided one-flfth), J>hn H. and Timothy J. Cor
coran, third party (undlvld-d four- fifths), 2316
Btynnt street, 26x100 (\V Bryant, lttj S of Twen
ty -fi S', fc> 25 by W 100): gift.
.laioh and Lina Hevman (by Oscar Heyman, at
torney) 10 Joseph C. Butler, lot 155, iieyman
Tract, being on N line of 'Aivarado street. 100 W
of Hoffman (Kllen) avenue, W 25, N 97:2, NE
19:8iA, NX 13:21/,, s 118:5; $10.
Annie Simard (or Jeamilu) to Thomas Devl't,
all Inter at on lot. on N line of Union street, 112:6
X of Montgomery, K25 by N 70; also loi on N
line or Clary street. 450 W of Fourth, W 25 by N
8U: *10.
>xmh J. Fossett, J Bines and Marthn L.. Bentley,
Thomas y. and Maria \V. Olbbs to Frederic< A.
11 Mm. lot on X line of Kearny street, 37 :B N of
Eusb, > 20 by E 57:6: $10.
Catharine Lyne to Fannie J. Biack, lot on N
line of Vallejo street, 181 :6 Kof Taylor, E22 by
B 137:6; *:0.
Siuneto r.nphemia Bruns, lot on E lln- of Mason
street, 92 N Of Lombard, N 45:6 by E 70: *10.
Sarah B. Pierson to Mabel Pierson, lot on N
UDe of Washington street, 67:6 Eof heaven worth,
k 30 d>- « : *io.
John J. Ciark and Thomas Ross (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernia feavlncs and Loan So
ciety, lot on X 1 n^ of Clay street, 137:8 E of Lar
kin. B 23 by N 80; 63010: $4121.
±.)lz:i Weisniann to Albert K. Ifappersberjer,
lot on SK line of Park avenue. 125 NX of City
Hall. >E 25 by X ICO nlno lot on N\V line of
t evenson street, 275 S\V of Slxlh, SW 25 by SW
76; $10.
Kllen M. .■colt to John 8. s-rott, undivided half
of lot on W corner of Mary and Natoma streets,
SW 40 by SW 76:6: gift.
I: i hard X., Kate and Emily Murrhv to Michael
O'Keefe, lot on NX line of I hesley street, 225 N \V
of Bryant, N.W 25 by NX 80; $10.
Real t state and Development Company to Kosa
B. Keghitto, lot on W line of lexaa street, 175 JS
of Mariposa. N 25 by \V 100: grant.
i'.oben J. Tobln and Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society 10 George P. Morrow (administrator of the
estate of Oeorue Morrow), lot on UK corner of
Point liObos aud Foitleth avenues, 8 295:3, SE 24,
N\V 290:5. W 7:2: also lot on W line of Thlrty
ninth avenue. 100 N of A street, IN 118:7, SW
117:02, E .8:32; $10. -
AI-AMKHA COI7NTTT.
- Charles A. and Louis:. Seaberg to Mrs.E. B. Ken
shaw lot on W line of Linden street, 140 Sof
Thirty-fourth, S 35 by W 135:9. being lot 13 and »
10 feet of lot 12, block 675, GlascocK Tract, Oak-
' OS.0 S. d C aiS Mary W. Davlson to Hattie Arens (wife
of August T ) lot on the oW corner of West Blx
tl^lh and l UiHon stree.s, W 115 by S 50. block
IM Xi^"bi.tli 0 'io Dennis Ponohoe Jr lot on
SE line of Eleventh avenue, 105:asV, of East
Fifteenth street, SW 21 : :0 by SE 80, block 62
Clinion, East Oakland: *10. attorney) to Anna
A. L. and AbbieC. Payne (by attorney) toAnw
E. West, lot 10, block P, Paradise Park, Quitclaim
deed, Oakland Township; $6. •- wn*\r a
B. Kelsey to Elizabeth Williams, lot 1. b ; ock .A,
J. E McKirath Tract, quitclaim deud. Oakland
George A. and Marian J. Norton to C. K. Fria-
George A. and Marian J. Norton to C. E. iris
ble, lots 7 and 8. Lonu Villa Tract Berkeley •10.
F. H. and C A. J.ewls to seme, lot on b Ime or
Ha»dy street. 39:8 W from X »« ll «% 1 "eof
Lorin VIII* Tract, W 40, S 120. E 40. N 120. to be-
Klnning. being lot, 15. Lorin Villa Tract, Berkeley.
* J.L. and Mary C. Barker to E, A. and Howard
R. Hurlbut, lot on It Hue of Virginia street, /',,Z
W of Shattuck ovenue, \V 45 by N 135, being the
W 45 feet of lot '23. block B, Golden Gate Home
stead, Berkeley: *100. • _ _. ' . „
Chariesand Helena Koboiak to Philip H. flake,
lot on N line of East Fourteenth street. 340 » or
Fruitvale avenue. X HO. N '216.83, W 81, S. to be
ginning, bein? a portion of lot 17. Brsy Tract, quit
claim deed. Brooklyn Township: «10
H. and Kliese yon Durea to Uu<h Keane, lot on
E line of Br«y avenue, 87.72 N of Tobler street, r*
28 by i£ 120. beine lot •3, Lamp Trac , Brooklyn
Township; $10. ;--■•_; :
W. A. Johnson. to Cornelia Welsh, lot on SW
line of 1 incoln avenue. 100 NWof Court street,
NWsoby SW 130, being lot 3, Johnson Tract,
Alameda; $10.
Everett Pomeroy to Emma H. Rosenberg, lot
on E line of Benton stree , 100 S of Santa Clara
avenue, »40 by X if 0, being lot 55 and Sls feel
of lot 66, block 22, Fitch Homestead Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
■: >ancy E. Batchelder to John K. Walker, lot on
E line of Lewis street. 100 N of .West Fifth street,
N 25 by E 126, lot 34, block B, Bay View Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
A. C. and Mary C. Peterson and M. P. MacCrel
lish to WMiam iron Jr., lot on N corner of Fifth
avenue a id East Eighteenth street, NE 30 by NW
125, blot 103. Clinton, East Oakland: $7b.
>. A. and Carrie J. Greene to Ha tie W. Kelly
(wife of C. D.), lot o.i W corner of • Howe and Am
ethyst streets, SW 60 -by NW 125, lot 1 and NJB
15 feet of lot 2, blocs C, Thermal Hill, formerly
Howe Tract, Oakland Township; $1.
i- rank M. and Rose H. Wilson too. C. Benjamin,
lots 14 and 16, bloclc 20. Daley's Scenic Park,
Berkeley; $10. • •
Robert and Ida L. Edgar to Arthur Edgar, lot on
\V line of Auduoon street, 45 8 of Charming way,
S 45 by W 102, 10. -2, Suburban Bell property,
Berkeley; $10.
Helen M. Kinne to Robert J. McMullen, lot 45,
block St, Grove-street Line Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Robert . I. McMuilen and Emma J. Clausen to
Hattie Mullen, lot 3, block B. Fanny Davenport
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. <\ Quellen to Farmers' and Merchants' Sa
vings Bank of Oakland, lot on NE corner of
Boehmer and Pettersen streets. E 98.22. N 130. W
66.29, S 133.77 to beginning, lot 11, block 12,
North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. Cornell to - William and Jemima Kelso,
lot on s line of Saratoga avenue, 240 W of Orchard
street. W 40 by a 1.12:6, lot 121. block B, amended
map of Moss Tract, suLject to a mortgage lor $150,
Brooklyn Township; $10. • -jr ■:■ -;; ■*
: Bertha H. M. Sorge to Augusta C. E. Kanfmann,
lot on W line of Ninth street, 190 N ot Santa
Clara avenue, N 50 by W 125, Alameda; gift.
Eyra D. a d Emma Dennlson to Thomas Zun
nlo, lots lb and 17, blocic C, Fitch Tract, Alameda;
$10.
Alice »nd James R. Collins to Robert Hawx
hurst, lot 7, containing 15.595 acres, being por
tion of plat 40, Rancno el Valle de San Jose, Mur
ray Township; $10.
Builders' Contract.
M. Meyer with T. «ft W. H. Kinread. mill work,
etc.. for a, two-story building on W line of Lyon
street, 76 8 of McAllister, plans by owner; $1250.
From Hia Birth.
A certain benevolent old gentleman is
very absent-minded.
The other day be stumbled upon a beg
gar who had a board suspended from his
neck on which stood in lar^e letters, "Deaf
and dumb."
Unthinkinely, he asked in a loud voice:
"Hava you been a long time in this
state? '
Distraction is evidently contagious, for
the beggar replied :
'From my birth." — Spare Moments.
THE CALL CALENDAB
Januaby. 1897.
Tu.
W.
Moon's Phases
1
@Xew Moon.
Jan. X.
i
8
a
7
9
3 Firs: Quarter
vJ> Jan. 10.
is
14
;
I 16 |
11
12
15
19
21
\fS\ Full Moon.
C 2? Jan. 18.
17
28
■ Quarter.
Jan. '25.
• t-tLA> VltAjiLli\
r>atf>« of Dcpurture From San Frunrlicn.
BTKAMKR |
IJKSTISA ri')\". I
Hvir,«
Pt<R.
rin in 1i1a.. .. :
>'arallon !
Coos Hay.. . .
Arraia j
Allianna.... :
Corona. I
Homer
CzTlna !
Mexica
Colombia. .. ;
Knreka
Cltj Puebu;
Sunol :
Kosi
Cop 1c j
M»:»otr»l j
Oregon ports.'. Lan 9. spm
'. Vie & I'gt Slid Jan 9. 9am
Yaauina Bay. Jan 9. 9am
Newport .lan 10. Itah
Coos Bar .Inn 12.10 am
Coos 8ay...... Jan IS, 3pm
Uumboldtßav lan 12, VfM
Coos U ay ..... Jan 12, lpu
Coos liar lan 12.12 v
i San Die 50..... Lan I'J.lUii
: Portland Jan 1 H.I oam
Newport Jan 14. Sam
; Vie A P*t Snd Jan 14. 9am
Uravs Harbor. Jan 15.12 m
"(in I>ie?o Iran 16.1 Jam
China A Japan Jan Id, Ipm
! I'nn'nnii ; Inn 18.1 "am
I Kier I (
i Pier 9
, Pier '1
Pl«»r 11
i Pier
; I'ler 13
! Pl*r .4
Pier 2
PierS
Pl* 11
| Pie' i i
j Pier 11
I Pier 9
i Pier 2
|l'l*r 11
FUSS
Pl»r 24
!«TKAMKItS TO AKBIVE.
ST» AMKK
National City..
Tillamook
Arcata
Newport
Procreso
C010n..........;
City Pnebia....
Corona.
Colombia
City or Everett.
Costa 1tica......
JKmplrfa
Mackinaw
Czarina.......;'.
Pomona ........
AllUnCi ..'... ..
Homer...
Cleone
Truckee ........
Knre 1ea... .......
A1cazar.........
Santa Kosa
Crescent City. . .
0rizaba..........
Monowal
State of Cat....
Del Korui
North Fore...
Walla Walla...
Coos 8ay. .:....
»r*ltnn .
numooiat
Ynquloa Bay
Coos Bay
; Panama
Seattle
I Panama
: Victoria & Pugec bound
: Sao I Mega
Portland
j Nanaimo.
: Departure Bay
1 Portland :
| Tacoma „
Coos Bay
HnmbolcU Bay.
Coos Bay
Coos Bay
! Crescent City
Tillamook Bay
I Newport.
Grays Harbor..
San Diego _.
I descent City
I Mexico  !
| Sydney.... !
Portland.
Grays Hnroor.
Hum bold Bay..
Victoria <£• Ptiget sou J
Newport.....
Vnnnln* M-«~
. i»n :•
..Jan a
..Jan 9
..Jan 9
..Jan 9
..Jan 1U
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
.Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 11
..Jan 11
..Jan 11
.Jan 11
..Jan 11
..Jan 11
..Jan 1?
..Jan Vi
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan IB
Jan 16
sun, Mi. UN A^u'iijois.
Cvitf.d States Coast and GEon»Tic Survey-
Times and Heights or Hioh and Low
Wateks at FortT Point. Entrasck to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of thjb Superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five m.nu c.< later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide ts the same at both places.
January— lß97.
Saturday, Jannar • 9.
Pun rim* 7.26 1 Moon rises...
Sunsets 5.09 1 Moon set*. 11.56 pk
g Feet ILH£ Fe-t I!f« Feet
g H W .I, W H i !
JTime
11. W
10
11
ia
13
4.39
5.14
6.51
6.29
L W
0.46
1.44
I 4.9
5.0
50
5.0
11.34
Vi. 35
I.SO
2.17
H W
7 10
7.53
2.0
l.ti
0.8
0.4
7.20
*.58
10 09
L \*
2.58
"8.35
H.o!iaa-j
3.0 11.06
8.2 111. 52
3.5 ...
|H W
i 0.0 10 54
-U. 4 11.30
3.5
2.X
3.1
14
16
3.1
33
I 5.1
| 5.1
38
NoTK-In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tht
order of occurrence as -to time. v The second tlm«
column gives the second tide of the day.the third
time column the third tide, and the laator right
hand column gives the- last tide of the day. except
£nSS7,» heights- given are additions to the
soundings on the ■ United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes the
{£* m l ?.f n . the number given U«ubtractlv«
from the depth given by the charts. .
KOTICK TO MANNERS.
A branch of the United statos Hydrographlo
Office ocated In the Merchanti 1 Exchan«» is
maintained i n San Francisco for tuo bi-ueflt of
mariners without rejard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to Tl»it the
omc* where complete se:s of charts and suiiln*
directions of the world arp kept on hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can alwars be obtained regardlug lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of intcr«st to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of ihe building on Tele
graph Hill v hoisted abont ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian by
'! | e8 r *P»lc «l«nal received each dar from the
united States Navai Obieryaiory »: Mare Island.
A notice statlcg whether the time ball was
"ropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
ptibitshe.l the same day ay tbs afternoon papera,
and by the morning papers the following day
W. w. Udubu,
.Lieutenant. V. 8. N.. In cbargat
The Time Ball.
£baxcr nvniwymAPKin Orrmn, tr. 3. •*.. >
«■ MERCHANTS' KXCHAJCCIH .. -/•.,..
Fan >baxcisco. January 9. 1897.. )
The time ball on Teiegraon Hill ivm <ironp*t
exactly at noon to-day—l. c.. ai noon of the U(Ji-i
oienUiuu, or exactly »t a X Jt. <>reenwlch lima. \
' '." - : '■■:'■'. W. S. HuuillH. A
:. '. f/pntoniin* V, H. N. hi,-,i»-!>. 1
SHlPi'iXi INTKLLIGIiNCK.
— r _
Arrive 1.
FRIDAY. January 8.
- 6imr Point Arena. Strand, IB noun from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and indue, to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
' Stmr Tillainook, Hansen, 68 hours from Yaqnlna
Bay: 348 tons roJk. 14 cdi slave bu:ts, to Pollard
& Dodge.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 78 hour* from New
port: pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, ns/ days from
San Diego, etc; produce, to noodoll, Perkins A Co.
Haw stmr ban Ma:eo, Fie ciier. 4 day* from
Comox; 4000 tons coal, 20 tons coke, to S P Co.
Oakland direct. : ' *
Br ship Port Crawford. Edwards. 10 rtars from
Port Los Angeles: ballast, to Wilfred B Chapman.
Clear* <l.
FRIDAY. January 8.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, Eureka; Uoodau, Perklai
& Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
E Umattlla, Thoma* , Victoria and Port 1 own
send; Goodall. Perkins A Co. .
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama: M S Co.
Mmr Zralantlia, Ha<-wart, HonoiUiu and Syd
ney : J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Brship Windermere, Parker, Hull; Girvln A
Eyre.
Whal bark John and Wlnthrop, Macomber,
whaling; H J Knovvles '
FrbirK Gen Milllnet, Logobein, Qneenstown;
Epplnger A Co.
Schr J N lugalls, Thomas, La Paz: Wm Olsen.
failed.
FRIDAY, January 8.
Btmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San i">l»m». ■
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama, etc
Btmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Btmr Geo Loomls. Brldeett, Ventura,
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Fimr oip«r. j,plbii<i. Santa Cri«.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosoup, Tacoma.
Strur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Aib on ■
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen. Hansen. Nanalmo.
Stmr Zealandia. Hay ward, Honolululu and Syd- -
ney.
I Brsblp Pendragon Castle, Richardson, Liver
pool.
Ship Klwell. Rrder, Nanalmo.
Bktn Monitor. Turioff. Kure'*a. *~W»
Schr Newark. Beck, uowens Landing.
Schr Ivy, Murcbtson. Grays Harbor. ;
Telegraphic.
POINT lords. Jan. B.— p. it— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 14 miles.
■ Charter*. ' ;
The Br ship Arctic Stream loads wheat for South
Africa.
The ship Oriental loads coal at Departure Bay
for this port.
Lumber charters a-e as follows; Br ship Kln
kora. Hasting* Mills, to Cork. 58a 9d: Brsilp
Marlborougn Hill. Pu»;et Sound to Aus ralia. 355;
Haw bark Rosalie. Ch»ma'nui to Gerald on, 555;
Brship Sutlej, Puget Sound to Cork, 50s.
c tiok(n. ,
Per Br shin Crawford — Jan 7— Lat 37 N, lon*
123 W. schr Louiie D, with 100 skins. All w-11.
-Not 18-Lat 6 53 S. Ions: 31 32 W. Br ship Bala
sore, Iroin Antwerp, for San Francls.o.
DomMtic Por.i,
ASTORIA— SaiIed "Jan 8-Strar Empire, for San
FrancUi-o: Hr bark Lord Elgin, for sou- h Africa.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 8-Hr stmr Wellington,
hence Jan 6. for Nunalmo; tark Gatherer, hence
Dec 29, for Taooma.
PORT ANGELES-Arr've-1 Jan 8-Br ship An
drina, from Newcastle, NSW, via san Francisco
Dec 26. ' •: •;-.
SAN PEDRO-Bailed Jan 8-Schr Louise, for
Urooqua.
EUKKKA— Arrived Jan B— Stmr South Coast,
hence Jan 6
Sailed Jan 8 -*tti- National City and schr For
tDn», for s»n Francisco.
VKNTURa— Arnv»<i Jan 8-Stmr Navarro, fm
Ban Pedro, and sailed for "an Francisco.
GREENWOOD-ftialled Jan 8-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan X— Hfrnr Cz»rlna. hns
Jan 6: stmrs Homer and Alliance, hence Jan H.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan B— *chr J a Camp -ell,
for Port Biaiceley; stmr Protection, for Santa Bar
bara. • -•.
- LANDING— SaiIed Jan 8-ScHr Mon
terev. tor san Francisco.
TILLAMOOK BAY - Sailed Jan 7— Stmr
Trnckee, fo- £an Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan B— Stmr Homer, hno
Jan 8.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan B— 3tmr Noyo,
hence Jan 7.
ASTORlA— sailed Jan B— stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
PORTGAMBLK-Pniled Jan 8-Schr John D
Tallant tor San Francisco.
-TA COMA— Arrived Jan 8-Schr King Cyras, fm
Port Townsend
PORTBLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan B— Br ship Scot
tish I<lm for South Africa.
PORT GAMBLE-Sulled Jan 8-Bktn Skaelt. for
San I'eJro; NOr bark Record, for south Africa.
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 7— Br s:mr
Agabmtbus. from Yokohama. ■*■*•- ■—•- .■? ■
HASTINGS MlLL— sailed Jan 2— Br bark Port i
Adelaide, for Deiagoa Bay. * \
TACOMA— Cleared— Br bark La Escocesa, for )
Port Elizabeth. . .
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan B— Stmr lion It », for Saa
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Jan 8-3chr
Okanojan. hence Dec 30. -
; Foreign Port*.
KOBE— Sailed Dec 18— Schr Prosper, for Port
Blakeley.
Arrived Dec IB— Bktn Katie Fltcklnger, from
Seattle.
ANTWERP- Arrived Jan 6— Nor stmr Lyker
horn. hence Oct 4.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 7— baric Kilmeny, hno
Au '. 1 9. for Plymouth.
RPNF..S —Arrived Jan 6— Br ship Jesso
mene. from *an Diego.
HONGKONG— sailed Jan 7— Stmr City of Pe
klnc, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 7— Br stmr China,
hence Dec 19.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Jan 2— Haw baric
Rosalie, from Honolulu; oktn Addenda, from
As'orla.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Tan 2— Br ship Ver
bena, from Port Townsend.
VALPARAISO-In Don Nov 25— Br bark John
C Gaunt, for San Francisco; tier bar* Ben Volr-
Men. for Puget Sound.
TOCOPILL— In port Nov 25— Br baric Orwad,
for San Francisco.
Cleared— Chll ship Hlndostan, for Iqulqae.
Movement* of Trans- Vtlant'n St»s*irf»-i-
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Jan B— Sttnr Fulda.
aTETTIN-Arrlv»d out Jan 6— atrnr Venetian.
DOVER— Passed Jan 8 -atmr SpaarnOam. from
Rotterdam, (or New York.
KIN SALE— Passed Jan 8— Stmr Campania, fm
New Yor*. for Liverpool. !
LlZAßD— Passed Jan a— Stmr Kensington, froa
New York.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— 6o bxs oranges, 25
bxs lemons, 10 cs e«s. 43 scs walnuts, 1 bx seed.
San Pedro-2 cs honey, 2 bbls 2 keg* wine, 31 cs
eggs. 32 bxs lemons, 2 tubs butter, •£ bbls olives.
Hueneme— o cs eses.
Ventura— 1 bx batter. 12 sks dried fruit, 1 hals
dry Goods, 8 sks walnuts. 28 sks beans, 2cs eggs,
82 bxs lemons. 1 bdl pelts. 3 coops fowl, 1 pit*
md<e, 1 bx shoes.
Carplnteria— l bbl paint, 6 sks ehllles.
Santa Barbara— ll4 bxs lemons, 4 sks crawfish,
1 bx books, 6 sks almonds.
Gaviota— 2 bxs butter. »5 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 45 bdU hides and pelts, 1 coop
chickens, 2tt bxs butler. 2 dressed calves, 1 bx
wax, 49 oxs apples, 91 sks bean.i. 1 bx glassware,
1 rs cigar*. 14 bxs n>b, '2 bxs guns.
Cayucos-6 sks abalones, 6 bdls aides and skins.
53 bxs butter, 12 cs eggs, 8 coops chickens, 38
dressed calves.
tan Hnv on— s3 bxs butter. 4cs ens, Isk quail,
4 axle arms, 2 bxs fish, 2 sks abalones, 21 dressea
calves.
Monterey— l bdl hoe. 24 sks bones. 1
REDON'DO— Per Santa Cruit-8«5 rails, 2180 r
angle bars.
Lompoc Landing— 26B4 sks barley, 1569 sks
mustard, 589 sks beans, 67 skscorn, 47 sks canary
seed, 1 cs dry fruit, 1 cs dry goods, 1 ci celluloid, 1
cs notions. 1 bx jellies,
Port Harford— 7l bdls hides, 1 sk tails. 55 ho;*.
4 bdls pells, 1 bdl calfskins. 1 pkg dry goods, 143
sks corn, 15 sks beans.
MKNTJOCINO-Per Point Arena— 2 pkgs mdse,
4 sks abalonei.
Fort Bragg— l2s M ft lumber.
Point Arena— l kit 31 bxs butter, 10 bx* n*h, 6
cs eggs 25 bxs apples. 12 sks mn, 3 Dkg* junk. 7
pkgs mdse, IS cans tallow, 28 hides and pels, 1
sic tails.
Consignee*.
Per Point Arena— P Blank; standard Oil Co: E
Phecka; Mendoclno Lumber Co; American Union
Fish Co; Boss Hewlett; Dairymen's Union: is
Lauraeist-r; Cbas Hurley A. Co: Deonlson * Wil
son: C X Whitney AOj ; OB smith Co: Arctic
Oil Works; Dod*e. Sweenev <fe Co: J H Cain .t Co;
WFMltchel; Rohlffs&Gerdau; M Solomon A
Co; W B Bumner A Co; cverett Uilmore; A A Cor
mr gy. ■ \ . 4 .
Per Santa Cruz— B Isaacs: Christy A Wise;
.E R Stevens & Co-.' Lyna<- A Hoiitli: J I' 'l l.onms;
O W i.o«tv A Co: H Dutard : Joint* Krianger A
Co: Wieland Brewing Co; Goodall, Perkins A Co:
A Pal I ips; Standard oil Co: Enterprise Brewery;
Coghlll A Kohn; .National Brewery: H Wall.en;
C Carpy A Co: Smith's Store: Cal Bottllnac Co ;
Buffalo Brewery; Union Brewery: I oly, H A Co;
Chicago Brewery ; HWaldeck: California Notion
ana Toy Co; sanhorn. Vail A Co: Artie Oil Wrks.
Per Coos Bay— McDonough A Runyon; Catnollo
Art and Book Store; Amer Carb Acid Gas Co; J a
Lennon;, Wolf A Son; C CPennell A Co: Hender
son & Brown : Gray A Barblert ; Standard Oil Oo ;
Cox Seed and Plant Co : Levi, Strauss A Co; Spring
Valley Wai«r Works; Wood. Curtis A Co; H Wm
deck; Krlanger AGalinger; LG Sresovloh A Co:
C X Whitney A Co: Wir:«ud Brewing Co; J Harris!
Cox Seed and Plant Co Hills Bros; A Paladin! ; F
Cavatuaro;' Wood, ur. is A Co: O B Smith ACo :
Garcia A Magglnt: J Ivancovicn A Co: A Paladlnl:
J Inguiciia: Schweitzer A Co; t> E Allison ACo :
Enterprise Brewery:' United states Brewery; li
Waldec<; American Union Flsli Co: ETA len; •;
National Brewery; Wheaton. Breon A Co; Ante o- '
American . t'ro:kery: Co; Bsslnger * Co: I.abor j
Exchange; Wetmore Bros: Br-titmchwelger A Co: /
FrederlcksDurg Brewery: Wellman, Peck A Co; F'
Url ACo Aermoior H Kirch mann A Co: Van
Kuun U A Co; M Kallsh A Co; De Bernardl A Co:
Rlnaido Broi; Illlmer, Bredhoff A sciiun : a J li
linmcl; O Camiiloni A Co: Marshall A Helmera:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Mrleham. Hopne A Co- H
H Hat ler: H N Tllden A Co: Western Meat Co: A
Fans: Dairymen's Union: Wttxel A Maker- Buffalo
Brewery: Gets Bros A Co: | Felling, Creasy A Co; A
M Jorului: U Camlllonl A Co: Pacific coast Fish
Co: L D Stone A Co: N Ohlandt A Co; Mlgilavaea
Wine Co; Boston 1 Woven Hose Co; A Wyu,DELEGATES SHY
OF ACCEPTING
Are Anxious to Know
More Before Commit
ting Themselves.
Too Much Secrecy Is Being
Observed to Suit Those on
the Outside.
The Original Date Set for the Mu
nicipal Convention Has
Been Postponed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,).
908 Broadway, Jan. 8. \
The committee of twenty-one is meet
ing with considerable difficulty in its
effort to iind men willing to be appointed
delegates to the municipal convention.
The policy it is pursuing of ignoring pri
maries is so completely opposed to the
teachings of the Republican party in this
county during the past two years that the
plan is being retarded with a suspicion
that increases daily.
A circular tetter has been sent to several j
people in each ward asking them if they |
will consent to be appointed delegates to
the Republican convention. Many of
these circulars have been unheeded. They
contain a blank for the party who receives
them to sign and return to ttie committee
man who is anxious to appoint them. Up
to date not many of these blanks have
been signed.
In the Seventh Ward several men ap- j
proached refused to sign until tney knew I
who were to be appointed irom the otiier |
wards and what is the general programme. ■
The secrecy with which everytuing is |
being done has not drawn out an expres- j
hion of public confidence, but rather the I
reverse, and it is now admitted that the i
committee has undertaken a big and
thankless task.
One member of the twenty-one said to
day that ne had been surprised to find the
plan of appointing delegates so unpopular.
He declared that at the last two or three
meetings of the committee an adjourn
ment was taken on various pretext*, but
the real reason for deferring the matter
was the difficulty of nuding men willing
to serve.
The committee was appointed for no
other purpose than to appoint delegates
irom the various wards, and although a
month has passed by, no one has as yet
named a single aelegute. Tne date origi-
Maliy set for the holding of the convention
iias passed and has been postponed by the
committee till the end of the month, thus
making it appear that some serious set
backs have been received.
Tbere are many Republicans who are j
not in sympathy witti the movement, :
and they openly declare that the appoint- j
ruent of the committee of twenty-one was !
a neat little trap engineered by the City
Central Committee, into which their old j
enemies have fallen. The fact that they
were appointed at a secret meeting hastily
. called one Saturday evening and to which
no formal notices were sent out lends
color to this view. It is not possible to i
:conoeive tnat. the old .line Republicans, i
represented by the City Central Com
■ nmtee, who have been fought desperately I
during the past four years by the party i
. which is dominating the present plan of j
calling a convention, can have been so !
suddenly harmonizeu. There is altogether j
100 much secrecy in the whole matter
irom its very inceptiou, and if those who j
have the interests of the Republican party j
at heart do not at once take steps to pre
vent an open disagreement all that was
gained to the party durin£ the McKinley
campaign in this county will soon be lost.
NO NEWS FROM CLARESY.
The South Berkeley Man, Who Left ;
Three Weeks Ago, In Still Un
accounted Fur.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— Manuel !
Cloresy of Adeline street, South Berkeley,
is still among the missing. Since his dis- ;
appearance from bis home on December
14 not a word as to bis Whereabouts has
been received.
Claresy's family is grief-stricken over i
hia loss. His employers state that his
books balance, and they, too, are at a loss
to know why he has remained away so
long. Some have advanced the theory of i
foul play, while others assert that Claresy. \
in a tit of mental aberration, went to sea. '
A rumor was started to-day that he !
had been seen in Berkeley within the last
week, accompanied by a strange woman. |
This statement could not be confirmed, I
however. When the body of the unknown ■
man was found oft the Lombard-street i
wharf yesterday it was at rirst supposed
to be that of Clare-y, but investigation
Droved to the contrary. Mr?. Claresy has
visited the Morgue in San Francisco on
several occasions and made every other j
effort to determine her husband's fate,
but in vain.
Baptist Church Bally.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— The six
days from January 10 to the lQrh will be
known as "rallying weefc" at the Dwight
way Baptist Church. On Sunday morn- i
ing, the 10th, the pastor will prench to j
the children ; on Monday the annual busi
ness meeting of the church will lake place ;
on Monday evening prayer meeting will
be hell; on Wednesday and Thursday!
evenings there will be prayer meetings ;
ulso, and on Friday evening a general j
social will be held, at which the members j
BEKKELEY, Cat,., Jan. B.— Rev. P. F. Bresee of Los Angeles, founder of the
Church of the Nazarene, who is associated with E. A. G rvin in the formation of
a branch of the organization in Berkeley, is much encouraged with the outlook
for success. The first of the se-ies of Pentecostal meetings, to extend through ten
days prior to the formal < ganization of the body, was held last night at
Unity Hail. The fundamental principles upon which the church is founded are
the discarding of modern ideas as to the necessity of a richly wrought edifice, a
highotalkrieti pastor and a flexible religion. The Nazarenes, as Dr. Bresee has
called his followers, believe in the return to primitive Christianity as founded
upon the Acts cf the Apostles. Their nieetinps resemble much a combination
of the exercises of the Salvation Army and the .sect commonly known as the
"Holiness Band." The speakers wait for an inspiration, and when they have
esperieueea the touch of the Holy Spirit they pour forth their eloquence.
of the Y. P. S. C. E. will furnish the en-*
tertaincoent.
I. O. O. F. Installation.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. B.— At the
meeting of the Berkeley Lodge No. 270.
1. O. O. P., last evening the following
officers wore installed by Deputy District
Grand Master I. A. Boynton: Noble
grand, Mark P. Cieirrine; vice-grand,
George A. Schuster; treasurer, Joseph
Chappie; seer tary, Charles Geirrine;
conductor, A. H. Broad; warden, Manuel
Kirkham; R. 8. N. 0., J. W. Striker; L.
S. N. G., G R. Noack; K. S. V. G., F. J.
Ryav L. S. V. G.. Ko.lericK Cameron; I.
G., J. P. gather; 0. G.. E. A. Lund; 11. S.
S., Robert Greg--'; L. S. S., P. B. Thomp
son; chaplain, Rev. E. Lyman Hood.
For Stealing Lumber.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. B.— A warrant
was is>ued to-day for the arrest of W. P.
Mackie of Le Roy avenue on a charge of
lumber-steaiing. The warrant was issued
I at the instance of Kidder & Cooper, ;ocal
! con ractors, who declare tnat lumber has
been surreptitiously taken from a honse
on Le Roy stre t which they are building,
aad that suspicion rests on Mackie.
A JACKSON TREE.
PJantcd by '96 Class in the High School
Grounds.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— There was a
large gathering of High School pupils on
the school grounds this afternoon. The
class of December } DH planted a Jackson
tree, and the exercises were attended by
the faculty. Superintendent of Schools
McClymonds presided, and delivered a
tribute to the memory of Andrew Jackson.
Eugene W. Roland, a member of the class,
pronounced an oration, and called atten
tion to the fact that tlie tree had been
raised from a nut by a little Oakland girl,
a n-itive daughter.
Miss Grace Dinsmoor emptied around
the roots of tne tree a box ot earth, which
had been brought from Jackson's grave
at Nashville, and Charles Ayres handled
the shovel and completed the ceremony.
Major McEirath made a short speech, tell
ing of some t >ersv.nal reminiscences of
Jackson, and the proceedings closed with
the singing of "America. 1 '
WANT COUNTY SUPPORT.
I Commercial Bodies la Vnriou4 Towns
Will Supply the Jiecessary Material.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. B.— Tne various
■ commercial bodies from nil parts of the
! county are anxious to contribute material
! and to maintain a permanent county
I exhibit, but they have reached the con
j elusion that the Supervisors should pro
! vide a small monthly appropriation for
; the rent of a hall and services of janitor.
The Oakland Board of Trade, Mer
chants' Exchange, Liverrnore League of
j Progress, San Leandro Hoard of Trade
i and Oakland Exposition are all anxious
| for the exhibit, and a committee will soon
; ap; ear before tiie Supervisors and urge
their claims.
A few months ago the promoters of the
j permanent exhibit procured Irom the
! county permission to utilize the spare hall
| in the Supervisors' annex to the .Hall of
j Records, until such time as it should be
■ needed for the business oi the county.
! This hall, however, will not be used, a- it
j is not convenient, but the Board ot Trade
| has not yet formally notified ttie Super
', visors of i;s inability to accept their offer.
The exposition directors have just been
j disappointed by P. M. Smith, the railroad
! and borax man. They acquired tne lease
j of the block on which the exposition
I building stands several months ago. They
paid no rent until January 1, after which
i it was understood that it was to be m re.y
I nominal. They have just been notified
' that Mr. Smi'.li wants $100 a month, and
they cannot therefore hod it any length
of time at that rigure, but tuey nave de
! cided to lease it until after next August,
: in case they shall be required to hold the
■ next annual exposition there. This has
upset the plan of setting aside a portion
of the building for a permanent county
' exhibit.
Negotiations are now under way for
i leasing a store on Broadway, and when it
| is known what the expense will be the
! Supervisors will be approacuea to de
fray it.
BLOWN ABOUT BY GAS.
Two Men Seriously Injured Because a
Pipe-Cap Wag Out of Plnce.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— There was an
explosion of gas this morning in the Vic
toria Lodging-house on Clay street. One
of the stores on the ground floor is being
fitted up as a tailor-shop, and this morn
ing the proprietor, H. Robinson, discov
ered one of his roomj to be full of gas. He
sent for a plumber, and John O'Brien
answered the call. He found that the cap
had been left off the pipe at the meter, and
after rltting a cap he struck a match to
te-t it. He doesn't rt member what fol
lowed. There wa3 a loud explosion,
O'Brien and Robinson were picked op sev
eral feetfrom the meter with their clothes
on fire, and a plate-giass window was
blown to the sidewalk.
The two men were taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where it wa3 found that both
are badly burned about the neck, iace and
hands. O'Brien is seriously in jured. His
burns are much deeper than those of his
companion, and it is feared he will be per
manently injured. The room was evi
dently full 01 gas when O'Brien struck the
match, though it is a surprise to every
body that he did not detect it.
Another Pioneer Gone.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— Captain C. P.
j Williams, a pioneer of '49, died at his
home in East Oakland yesterday. He
was the first captain that saiied out of San
Francisco with a four-masted ship, and at
tiiat time such a command was considered
a great honor. He has t>een a member of
Orion Lodge No. 189, I. O. 0. F., for over
twenty years and will be buried by that
order.
Guardian of His Children.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— Dr. George
C. Pardee was appointed guardian to-day
i of his children— Florer.ce M., Madeline
' A., Curoi M. and Helen P. — all of whom
j are under 14 years of age. This was done
| so that they could receive their legacies
j under the will of their grandfather.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1807.
NOT REACHED
BY LOCAL LAWS
A Store Half in Alannda
and Half in No
Man's Land.
Safely Sells Cigarettes at the
Eastern End of His
Counter.
A Legislative Bl Is Necessary to
Control Thirty Feet of Ownar
less Land.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 8. \
There is a very clever man in Alameda
r.anied Hebbard. His cleverness has
made it necessary to introduce a bill into
the Legislature to prevent him from le
gally breaking a local ordinance.
Thirty feet to the south of the Alameda
end of the tidal canal bridge is the
boundary line of the city of Alameda.
This thirty feet belong to one and is
known as No Man's Land. It is not
amenable to the Government, which owns
the bridge, or to the city of Alameda, and
is too «mall to attract much attention
from the Supervisors. This thirty feet is
neither in Alameda nor Oakland, and
there is no way, except at great expense,
of annexing it to either city. In order to
annex it under the present law it would
be necessary to call an election of those
residing in thtj district proposed to bo an
nexed. As no one live 3 there annexation
13 impossible, and the only relief is by tne
proposed bill.
The city of Alameda passed an ordi
nance about a year ago making it a mis
demeanor to sell cigarettes within its
imits.
A far-seeing individual named H. A.
Hebbard grasped the opportunity afforded
by the situation and erected a little house
on the property. One-half is within the
city limits, the other half on No Man's
Land. He conducts a candy and cigar
busine-s. At the city end of his counter
he sells candy, and at the other end cigurs
and cigarettes can be purchased. He is
very careful never to be caught with his
stock of cigarettes on the wrong side of
the safety line, and when asked fur the
prohibited goods he simply walki a few
steps and seil« them legally.
Ths local officer* are powerless to stop
him, and a the neW3 oi his scheme has
been circulated all over town, he does a
rushing business, especially from the
younger m mbers of the community.
Furthermore, H&bbard denes the officers,
even when they have attempted to arrest
him with local processes, for he simply
walks to the northeast end of his store,
wnere he is outside of their jurisdiction.
The purpose of the bill, which is being
urged by City Attorney E. K. Taylor, is
to declare this small piece of territory a
portion of the city of Alameda.
STRONG LOVE OF A GIRL
It Led to the Breaking Up oi
a Once Happy Little
Family.
Tria s of an Inrrate cf a R scue
Horn; That H.ve to B3
Fought.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 8. f
The decree of divorce awarded to Mrs.
Elliot was recorded yesterdiy. The
causes that led up to this step were very
unusual and throw a strong sidelight on
the difficult work being prosecuted by (be
(Salvation Army at its rescue home in
Beulah.
The Elliots lived happily together until
the wife engaged the services of a young
girl to assist with housework. From that
time the girl's experience was a sad one,
and ended by her going to the Beulah
Home.
Although not a wayward girl, she was
admitted to Mrs. Camcbell's Eugenia
Home, ac Berkeley, quite early in her
girlhood, and it wai from there that she
went to the home of the Elliots. She was
not there many months before in her
childish way she became desperately
enamored of Mr. Elliot. Although at that
time only 13 years of ace, he toyed with
the girl's affection and made her Jittle
presents, which turned her head. The
story of her life from that time, as told by
herself, is one of strange unhappines?.
Elliot encouraged the child in her in
fatuation, ana it soon became so notice
able that there was trouble in the family.
Ultimately it became necessary for the
girl to go to the Buelah Rescue Home,
where in a few months her fooiish affec
tion for Elliot turned to one of haired.
On one occasion she saw Elliot sitting in
the little waiting-room at Buelah, and, in
her childish fright, she ran for protection
to the norae, fearing that he might carry
her off bo lily. A long time elapsed be
fore she could overcome this fear, which
was renewed when she learned that Mrs.
Elliot, who was always her truest and
firmest friend, was applying for a separa
tion from her unworthy husband.
The girl is anxious to return to Eng
land, from which place her parents came.
SUNDAY CLOSING CLASH.
Mayor Davie Will Veto the Ordinance
When It OueM to Him.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— There will
soon be a serious complication over the
ordinance calling the next city election.
The ordinance is being prepared in accord
ance with the resolution of the Council
ordering the city attorneys to incorporate
a Sunday closing paragraph. This ordi
nance, after being printed ten days, will
then be finally passed and so to the
Mayor. It is known that his Honor will
not countenance any such proposition
and will veto the measure. It is claimed
by its opponents in the Council that the
nece^ary eight votes to pass it over Ihe
Mayor's veto cannot be obtained, and that
the ordinance will have to be passed by
the Council without the Sunday ciosing
clause. If this be not done, the result
cannot be foretold, as the ordinance, un
like the tax levy, cannot be to.«sed back
and forth for six mont'is.
Stewart's Wife I» Free.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. B.— Cornelius E.
Stewart was divorced to-day from Mrs.
Adeline E. Stewart. The Stewarts ob
tain d much notoriety several months
ogo whon the groom married a widow on
a few days' acquaintance. He then at
tempted to change 1113 name on the mar
riage license book and was r.rrested for
altering public records. He was acquitted
and made his escape, after which he wa«
wanted in several places. He obtained a
goodly sum from the widow before he de-
serted her, and to-day her marriage was
annuiled. s
HELPING BLIND MEN.
They Are Being Taught to Tune Pianos
by an Expert.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. B.—Superintend
ent Hays of the Blind Home has intro
duced a system by which many of the in
mates are taught other trades besides
broom-making. Last year he employe! an
expert piano-tuner to teach the business
to a class of six blind men. Mr. Hays
has become satisfied that the blind can
make a success of piano-tuning, and the
first class having attained considerable
proficiency a second one has just been
started.
Tiie trouble with the broom-making
trade for blind men, said Mr. Hays, is
that after the men are proficient they can
not get employment because broom
mak ng is conducted in snops, and the
trade union and other influence prevents
blind men from getting situations. But if
a blind man becomes an expert piano
tuner he can start business on his own ac
couni without any trouble. Contrary to
what is generally supposed, a man doe 3
not have to be ft good musician to be a
piano-tuner.
Will Now Practice Law,
OAKLAND, Cal,, Jan. B.— Ex-Judge A.
L. Frick has formed a law partnership
with ex-Judge Henry Goodceli, formerly
of the bench of San Bernardino County.
The firm has opened orhVe3 in th.j Blake
it Mofliit building. Both are well known
and enjoy able reputations as legal prac
titioners. __^
TO CHURCH EVERY NIGHT
Mrs. Levi Jenks a Constant
Attendant of the Methodist
Service
Annual Electicn ot the German Ladies'
Relief Society— Grove Lodge
Installs Officers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. B.— Daring the
past week services have been held nightly
in the Park-street M. E. Church, and have
been well attended. One of the most un
ostentatious personages present was Mrs.
Levi Jenks, who has resided in Alameda
thirty years. Slie Jives in her own home
MRS. LEVI JENKS of Alameda, the Oldest Living Member of
the Methodist Church, Who Is 96 Years of Age and Who
Is Taking a Prominent Part in the Present Revival.
at 25C0 Eagle avenue, and every night has
walked to the church and back. "When
I first came here the church was located
on High street, and Park street was
hardly thought of," said she to a Call
representative. ' "It was afterward moved
to the. present site, and when the building
now occupied was built it was moved
away. I do not know where it is now.
All of those who worshiped there are
now gone home <■ but a few, and soon we
will follow them."
German .Ladies' Relief Society.
ALAMEDA, Jan. B.— The German
i Ladies' KeJiei Society have .elected. Mrs.
Rebecca He i id ken president, Mrs. J. Ansel
1 vice-president, Mrs. F. Finla secretary and i
Mrs. Theo. Altona . treasurer. The finan
cial statement, by the retiring treasurer,
Mr?. L. R-isclien, who refused re-election
afier six years' service, shows! cash on
hand January 1, 1896, $548 85; received
from all sources daring me year, |58i 03;
disbursements. $486 35; cash on hand
January 1,1897, $698 53. Persons baying
cast-off clothing art* requested to leave the
same at tho president's residence, 1427
Park street. On February 6 the ladies will
give a masquerade ball in Harmony Hall.
Masonic Officers. '
ALAMEDA. C'al.. Jan. B.— Oak Grove
Lodee No. 215, F. arid A. M., installed
their officers-elect last evening. The work
was done by Past Master J. B. Barber, as
sisted hv District 1 Deputy Grand Marshal
P. W. Barton ; E. B. Lovejoy, W. M.; B.
S. McFarland, S. W. ; E. E. Johnson, J.
W.; J. L. Fast, ' treasurer; Oswald Lub
bock, secretary; H. S. Lubbock, chaplain;
C. H. Wever, ■: B. D. ; P. S. Teller, J. D. ;
W. H. Davis, marshal; L. S. Jones, stew
ard; W. T. Valentine, tvler. Among the
guests were: Past Grand Master Jacob
Mayer of Oregon and Past Grand Master
W. H. Scott of Illinois, chaplain U. 3. A.
A mined .'..City >*o ten.
The West End baseball nine are out with a
challenge lor a game with the Buichers, Wnid
den Hose or Bay street nines.
Sherman: Hose Company, A. F. D. , will give
their ; annual ball at Kncinal Hall to-night.
The hall will bo beautifully decorated for the
occasion.., .
Albert Jones fell while ascending the steps
of the Poner School yesterday and broke one
of the metaearpal bones of the right hiind. He
is a metal-turner and attends night school.
Five of the old members 01 Company G were
reinstated last night and five more made ap
plication to come in. Fifty dollars- will be ex
pended in securing suitable annual medals
for the company.
William Lane, who resigned the rectorship
of the Episcopal church in September and bj
gan studying law, failed to pass the examina
tion bef<r* the Supreme Court last week.
Charles E. Naylor also failed to get through.
Citizens' Hook and Ladder Company 1 have
elected the following officers for the year:
Edward Harden, foreman; Alfred Orton, flisi
asMstant; D. D. Gllberr, second assistant; K.
K. Krauth Jr., secretary; Bank of Alameda,
treasurer.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CALLS HIMSELF A
WORLD-BEATER
Tom Sharkey Has Had
Twelve Silver Cups
Made.
On Each o l Thes^ Are Engraved
the Words, "Champion of
the Wcrid."
Trrphies to Be Presented to His
Friends and Backers Who May
Take Him at His Word.
"Presented by Thomas J. Sharkey,
Champion of the World."
This is the inscription which Tom
Sharkey, the pugilist, has caused to be
placed on each one of a dozen silver cups,
or rather goblets, wh:ch have been en
graved at his order by a local jeweler.
These cups have not been placed on exhi
bition anywhere. In fact, they are now
in the possession of Sharkey, the orna
mental work of the engraver having been
Completed yesterday.
A blank space over the words "Pre
sented- by" indicates that the names of
the i ersons wlio will receive the cups will
be engraved later. News of t'>e lettering
of these souvenirs got out a little yester
day, and the words ' Champion of the
world" set the tongues of the pugilists
Hnd the followers of puerilism wagging,
for there was, no question ihat Sharkey
claims to be actually champion of the
world after that.
At once when the news got out there
was a renewal of the talk about "foul
blow," and not a little talk about claim
ing to be the world-beater in a right which
was terminated only by an alleged "foul."
Altogether the ears of Sharkey must have
burned when all the talent began to talk.
There were more words of the episode
than would fill several newspaper col
umns.
The rumors of Sharkey's matrimonial
engagement are persistent, notwithstand
ing the denials of the pugilist. With
these is connected a rumor that the cups
may be reserved as presents for his friends
and backers to be given when wedding
bells are rung.
BROKE A EOBBEE ; S BIBS.
Dr. Croxrley of Oakland Shows His
Prowes* With tlie Mittens.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. B.— The gilded
youili of this city, which has recently
exhibited a greater interest than ever in
the manly art, is fighting; shy of one of
| Oakland's best-known physicians, and for
i good reason.
The establishment where Turkish baths
I are to be had at all hours has long been
! the resort of the young bloods, and here
; many spirited little goes with the gloves
j have been witnessed, all in a friendly
j spirit", but none the less exciting for that.
Dr. Growley is an nthlete of no mean
attain ments, and he likes nothing tetter
than todon the mittens for a few rounds
One day after bis usual rub the doctor
looked about for a boxer to try him out,
but none being around he bantered the
rubber, who is known a3 "William," to
do:i the gloves.
"Come on, William; mix it," yelled Dr.
Crowley, as he began 10 warm up.
An instant later a swuvging right col
lided with William's r bs and the look of
concern deepened to one of piin.
"I've got enough, doctor," he gasped as
his brenth r turned, and he forthwith
pulled off the gloves and returned to his
rubbinp. He had finished his second
patron when a sharp pain in his side made
him catch his breath and be hurried out
to where Dr. Crowley was making his toi
let for the street.
"There is something wrong with my
ribs here where you hit me, doctor," he
said, "and I wish you would look at it."
A rapid examination showed the medico
that iwo of Williams' rib< were cracked,
and before he left the baths Williams was
swathed in bondages and told to keep quiet
until his hurts were better.
Dr. Crowley has had difficulty in getting
opponents siuce the matter became known
to his athlet c friends.
'i o Answer for I'Aony.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 8. — "Lord
Athol," one of the biggest nuisances in
Alameda County, was held to-day on a
charge of felony embezzlement. The case
arose out of his usual proclivities, that of
stealing and selling rigs hired from livery
s:ables. He served one term in San Quen
tin for forgery.
• — ■» — • ■
Twenty-two per cent of British soldiers
are total abstainers.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BUSS HOUSE.
G Horme, Astoria A Grlffln, Fresno
II Orinme, Astoria I. 1' Mack, Wash
J W Frasli, Wash . J Freid. Healdsburg '
Mrs E St-th, Kansas C BltroliT i:h c»",o
RC '1 urgent, Stockion X I'appeulerser. Cal
Miss Pappenlerger, Cal J Ashley, "-den
>' Randal, Cal C It Anderson, L Angeles
E McUettuan, Vallelo SC Story, r-anta Rosa !
W (■ Mll.er, wf, st» Rosa F D cli-mnor. N V
WII \\ ilii«ms, Campbell Mrs M ■ Brockian, Cal !
R White, sucramt'iito JL> Wtu.lt-n, I leaaanton
C A Bruce. I'leasnnion C X Allen, N-v da
Mrs C A Martin, Colfax J A White.- Wash, Cal
J W .Mclntle Wash, Cal C i ains, Wosli, Cal
J P Owens, Oakland J> II Sweet. Fresno
O M ie-y, Oregon ;. F M Graham, >an Jose
Mrs 1 Eads, Redding FMcArthur, Fall River
!• D Power. Pa M. a Power, Pa '
V Ramhwalt, Maine j. L.ac v. Oakland
F Nash, Sacramento Mrs li Da.zel, >hio:i
<> F -psrk. Utah M J Sanaa * wf. Vi.salla
J A McGeary, Visalla H Bolgaa, V:salla
M she arilson, Colusa c Johnson. Sacramento
II Toy. Minneapolis .. M C Uoswortb, i 'eyser
O B Nea' &w, Geyser C LIill« &w, Nev . ity
F Fraser, bait Lake V Renter, Healdsburg
J Packane, S II . C toi-au, Portland
D ."-licet, Fresno (1 Korre3t, Fresno
\\' Marion, Astoria J Harden, .Santa Rosa
C U Kn. pp. Itolllster Mlsi 11 MilLs, Ho lister
P Piper, Sacramento dn Million <& w. Bloom
C Fisher, Hono:u v Wi.ain * w, Monterey
L Lewis, Chko X Nolan. San Jose
J Jones, .Madison P toward, Sacramento
E McMahan, Tu'a H McMahnn. Tulare
R Cunningham, .\ef N J Hami !. N-v
8 Peacock, m«ii Kafde! F. Ribjn, Beaver Hill
P Kibon, r Hill . ,
GRAND HOTEL.
J D Smith, Li vex more KJ de sabla & fm, Cai
R H Danshee, Mont X A X r:.i:ey, Chicago
G a Tibbetts. Col' sa C T Hollies, -acramento
G M Foote, Hi Ulster J host An. loch
G W Crystal, Vacavillo P A Buell, &toe ton
W M *cbaw. >»cianinto A Meyer, Los Angeles
0 E loentrd, Kan C X Llndsey, Santa Crnz
R V Lebree, Belmont B Barnes Stanford
T H L.-iich, Fresuo Mrs \V Fowl* & sn, Cal
s 1) Morns, Redlunds Miss A A Donald, Cal
II L Warren, Mm Jose J B Bracken. San Diego
P J Sullivan, Boston ■ X E I.yniie, Watsonville
J H Donouoe, Ukiah 1 Townsend. Sacramento
J N Gillett, Eureka G R der Aw, Sacmto
D R Prince, Fresno II B Sharp, Portland
1 V Harare, Los Angeles W A A very, Los Angeles
W Stenil'-r, Holllster J R Heubroo. Salinas
W w Oates. Stockton R W (tetschmann.soquel
B Green, Cal C W Penaieton.L Ange;es
L E Browuoll, Oakland V Gavin, Walnut Creek
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J R Henery, Swansea J M Kinnear, Kamloop
J Maltlse, New Orleans T W Jones, san Jose
A i.olof. Santa Monica X Chancy, i-anta- Monica
L R Keuiih, la! . J Libbetls. Cal
W H Lincoln, San Joae Miss M L Mopan, Cal
A M SiiverirA. Rodeo G Jammerth.tl, Ariz
0 B l a Fur,'ey. Or R M Huti'y, Kodfo
J W Ellswortn, Cal O Dunlop, Vallejo
J Morris. Vu li-jo J (<un, Cal c
B L Fisher. Ala S Coday, Oakland
'1 H samm, Oakland J F liar:, Chicago
J R Canby, Denver A C Riley, :-acto ■
M N Albany, Memphis N G Holcrow, Omaha
T J Dal house, Mo CR I owning,' Mo
J M MrAf.ie, Cal M A Couroy, Cal
J Uarrij, Oakland G M Gilbert, Chicago
M J Peacock, Chicago J A Connelly, Alone
LICK HOUSE.
DN Carnthers, S Rosa C s Neat, Alameda
Jas Dougherty, San Jose T II Thompson, Tulare
J Leah . Petaluma Chas Culp, Pacific Grove
Cli Jarden, Pasadena X M Sweeney, Cal J
E H Tudd. Oakland W D Tupper, Cal
JG Star er, Tncoma O P Taylor, Minn
W. X Len.ort- & v.-. Wls M L Marsh, Cal
Miss B Nichols S Cruz Mrs si. de Vere, Alameda
C H Norm, Fowler II J Levelling, Si Helena
H V Morehouse.San Jose C M Coghlan, S ic.o
W G Wit ten, san Carlos Mrs fcruco, ( hlca
J King & w, San Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
TE Keating, Pleaaanton FC Marshall, Pleasantn
J F Bryan. C S M J H Masterson, Alameda
Mrs M Jones, Escalon W H Romanic, N.Y
J J Walsh, Turaon J >' Murry, U S M ■
W Kmbree, N V I)r E G Cas? & w. Uklßh
Mrs X Graft, San .1 s° Llt ABbfDrd. riiindsburg
WJ. iT.tci, Kandsburg II Ashlord, Randsburg
C A Bali, Kandsburg C D smith, Sacramento
L Hariia, Sacramento L Dei' aery. Sacramento
L G Hare &. w, Salinas X Ezckel, Chicago
E H EzcKe.', C.ii.ago J S surburger, N V
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs J Bar Los Anges G W Whistler, Portland
X X Kephait Angels*, nip J A Moore, Term
N F Blake, cal J Anderson, Benlcia
C; Greenwood.N Pan Juan M D Keil. San Jose
X F schios', Oakland . J Carripan, Petaluma
II s Matsunioto. Tacoma Mrs Limm?. Portland
C C i-'atou, Sacio Mrs Ualer & Seattle
W ODea, Keddine W R Sowers, s-an Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
J Cross, Los Angeles B L Kettle, New York
Mn Crois, Los An e:es WB Sanborn, Frnltvale
1 Garrison, I-s Angeles R D Davis. Sacramento
Mrs l W Thomas, Wash Mrs Hoxer. Tacoma
l>r G S Hicks, T. coma C W Brigham, Hartford
G Carr & iv. >•&: ramento Mr* > riL'iiam, Hartford
/^^k J? r « Gibbon's Dispensary,
■fiWgLCKt *> KEAKXV .ST. Established
6ai vaiSi ln ' *''■* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>-~> KKAH.VVST. Established
In IHS4 for the treatment of Private
Dtsensn, Lost Manhood. Debility or
&-^« d wenri ng oi i bodyand mind and
skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
e?§V3vT' : v*^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
£*wuULfc£3iis£i! <iir«>»U- i linicrd. Call orwrite.
Dr. J. »'. «.n;lto>. Bo x 1957. 5au Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. __
PACIFIC COAST_STEAJISIII? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BttOADWAY >3«B.
wharf, San Francisco, as ml lows: •"**f g r
. For Mar. Island, i.orlni;, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W ateom (lU'ilir.chatn Bay. Wash.), 9a. m.
Jan. 4, 9. 14, 19,24,29. and every rlfth day there-
Rfter, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTaroma with N. P. R. P.., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I' urek.i, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdtßav), str. Pomona 2 p. li.. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 10,
'.0. 24. 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port ' Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueueme, >an Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Anireles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Jan. 2. «, 10, 14, 18. 2 2,26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Dieso, stopping only at Port HarroM
(San' Luis Obispo), isanta Barbara, Port Los An-
<-eles. I'.edondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth .
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
'i he Company reserves right to change steamers
or stilling dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4 j
New 'Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
.. 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO. R.&IM. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STKAMKRS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spenr-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "I^XT" f»l2 Kir«t-cl:»s« 1 Including
Jt\ J.t-£J l mii *econ<l-clas* /berth & mea-.j
SCHEDULE OF ;. SAILINGS:
Columbia Jon. 3, 13, 23, Feb. 2
State of California ...Jan. 8. 18. 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through baggage la all
Eastern points. Kates and solders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Oeno-.il Agent, •
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PKRKINS & CO.. Superintended
fmamossJl 'alls via HONOLULU
?all3 vlft "<-)\OLUI.U
|«C* li *"* r anl AUCKLAND for
L" 1 i . yDN X V, Friday,
Ja /| •>, January 8. at 10 P. m
iSfPMSnincJ •&»«. AUSTRALIA for
C)lCalliJllH/' i/ HONOLULU only, I
/nfTIRfIPt L « Tuesday,' Jaunar.- 26.
«<».» • , Al£lllj/UIM4 :at2p. M. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLG ARDIE. Aust.,and CAPETOWN",
South Africa. - .' ' . " -
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. A cents.
;■- • . 114 Montgomery street
Frelsht Office, 327 Market St.. fan Francisco.
COMPAGjTIE GENERAL TR.WSATL.MTIQUB
".' French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKK(NKW).42 NORTH J £^K^
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by WB>«!%f
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl j
the discomfort of crossins; the chan .i>. inia small
boat. Aew Yor»; to Alexa dria, gyp:, via Paris, !
first class 9160, second class $116. ■
liA'NORMAXDIE Jan. 9, 9a. m,
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 16, 10 A M.
i_ABOUKUOGXI<J.. -...:. Jan." 23, 6*. M.
La OASCOONE...-...; Jin. 30. 9 A M.
LABRETAONE ...........Feb. 6, " 5 A. ji.
ttST For further particulars apply to - •
A. FOKUKT, A'sen:.
• ' ." ' >'o. 3. ro-.v'lni! Green. New York.
J. P. FUG.»Zr & Co., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ___ ...
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 I*. M, Daily. J-roisht received up
- ... to-.:3i> V. if.
jfS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through "freight rates to all poiii.s ou Valley
Railroad. .
STEAMERS:
T. Walker, J.D.Peters,
: Mary Oarratt, : City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. and lmpu Co
FOit VALLEJO ASDU-S.]fAVy.YARD.
STISA3IJSR . ••MONTICKIiLO."
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.." 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. m
Saturdays .........;.. »10:30 A. M., 4p. m.
Sundays. ,;. S p. M.
Landing Misslon-stree , DOCK Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
• «Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAN ME, LOS GATOS & SAHTACRUZ
QTKAMEK ALVISO PIERIMON-
uay. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alviso
'luesda-. Thursday. Suturuav. at 3p. m Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
'AlvUo, 60c; to S;ui Jose, -75c. Cl»y aL.. Pier
iU W. sswiw Cl»r» g^, bau Jot* * ef *"
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Tit ».«-•» r«tUl< tojii'AJir.
(rAciru; svsixji.l
Train* 1»":»» «• nuil <«•«• «l"«« fa nrrlie nt
KAX ritANCINCO. • ■
leave — I'uom Jam AST 1, l-"7. — _ arrivh
£*«:O»a Kites. Ban Jose aad Way Station*... »:45\
7:OOa Atlantic RxpreM, Dglfii and Ka-'.t.. »:13p
7:O«A.i:<.'nicii. VacaTillo, KnißSt-y. .Sjctv
mento. OroriUo and Ueddiiig »ia .
Davis 6:43p
7:SOa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callstoja and Santa Bo*a O:13>»
Mil Ni .. Mail ,loB<>. Ktocktou. lone,
Sacramento, Jlary-Rvillo, Chico,.
TehimaandKe.U-.luir. .l:l!»i»
•8:30 a Pet auil Milton "7:15p
0:U»A Orleans I'limm. Raymond (for
Yos«uiit< ). Fresno, Bakcrsliclil,
' " ' .Santa i:.iili:ini, l.os Aiigvtos Dem-
in it. El I'aso, New Orleans and
East.. 4: I.lf
9:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 4:1.»p
9:00 A Vallcjo O:15p
Nilus, San Jose, Livormoro and
Stockton TtlJlp
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers '»:<»<»p
l:OOi> lies, San Jo and iivcnnr.ro N:49a
tl:3op Port Costa Way Stations t<*-*SP
4:00 i" Martinez, Bau Uanion, Vnllejo,
Nap:i, CalifttoKii. Xl Verano and
SaiiUUop.l "9»13A.
4:OOp Benicia, Vacavllle, Woodland
Knights Lainlins.'. MarysTiile, Oro-
Title au.l Sacruiuuiitd 11:13 a
4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto. Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Ni!e«, '
returning Tia Martinez 11:45 a,
s:OOi>Los Angeles Bmj.rc«. . Tracy,
. . .. - . Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Auselm i 10:43 a
9:00p Banta l'« \Umle, Atlanlu: I press
•'•■-:■ for Hojava awl Kust 10:4.1 a.
6:O«i- F.urnppan Mail, (>;;lun and Kaat 0:43*
6:<>Oi- I lav nan!*, Nil. mud San.lose 7:13\
l7:00i> Vallcjo ♦7:13»
7i<M>i" Oregoii Kx!>r««m,f)*CTi»mento, Mnrya-
vi!.,-. Ue<liH:i(,', INntlaml, Ptigct '
Homi.laii.l Knat 11:13 a
•T10:00p "Suncet Umitod." Fresno, Los
Acjeles, ni Paa>, New Orleans
ana East §IS:VSi»
SAMA till/ i.IVI>ION t Narrow <JiiiigQ). '
Mil Newark, < . •■■ .m.i Felton,
- Botddor Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations si3of
•2:15p Newark. CentcnUle, Ban Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, ltoulilcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MIJ3OA
4:inr Newark. Snu .lone and Los i latoi . . . »:">Oa
t11:45p Hu'itirj' Excursion. San Jose and
WayStatious 17:20?
COAST DIVISION (Iliird .V TnwiiMi'ml Sl*.)
U:43a San .lose ami Way Stations (New
Almailen Wednesdays only) X:3op
Si 15 a San .lose, 'i'rts J'inos, Santa Cm/.
Pacific drove, Paso Rubles, >S:in
Luis <)nis]Ht, Cundalupe, Surf ami
Priiiclinil Way Stations 7:00p
IO:4O.«. San Jose and Way Stations r»:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:30*
*2:30r San Matt", Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Crnr.,
Balina.s.Monterty;iii.l l*adßeGlo*e »IO:4Oa
■3::iOpSan .lose and Way Stations J»:-4."»A
•4:30p San Jeseand Way SUtlons *»:O^a
<7:3<>r San .lose and Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
C:»Oi' San Jose and WayStatious li:XVv
1II:>.1p San .lose hi»l Way Stations <7:43p
" SAN IAANUKO AMI HAYWAKOS LOCAL.
••6:OOa". C 7:13 a
8:OOa 1 «9:43 a
iS.^Sa ] Kelroae, Seminary Park, Jftjg*
'"-SSp FlWib rg,S«Le« dro. "f^f'
S:OOp » nd i -l:15p
5:OOp Hazard,. 6:13p
s:3oi> itaywaras. 7 . 45p
7:«0p « ' 8:43p
8:OOp . _ . . - T ., 9i43p
0:OO]> * Runs through to Nile*. lO:5Op.
ttll:lsi-; . t From Niles. ■ I tfl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAS FE.A.NCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip S)-*
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:flO *2:03" (3:00
•4:00 ' 15:00 ♦6:30i-.ii.
From OAKLAND— of Broadway "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *1:00 *2:00 *3:00 U-M
*5:501.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
♦ Sundays only.
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
«OTne«'a-"i'ncl S.tunl'r •;■  ...^ ,-- -.. ' ' r lr^*«l-«—^
FRAi\CISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. if.-. 13:3%
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 11:30 P. if.
SUNDAY S-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; I:3ft 3:34
5 .00, b:'JO p. M.
San Kafael to "an Francl«co.
WEEK DAYS— O:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— trio*
at 1:55 p. m. and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B: to, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40,3:13,
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part sams
schedule as above.
Leave I m Pffwt I ' Arrive
Ban Francisco. ! Oct. 14. I can Francisco.
Week j Sun- 1 .?,?";,-,. SDK- | Week
Days. I days, destination. BAYB- , DAYa .
7:30 am 8:00 am i Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa llosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 Pit
~~. Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 AX
Healdsburg,
l ytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pic
• -.-.; Fieta, j
Hopland &
7:3oam 8:00 am Ckiah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am ; 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7 :35 pm
3:30 pm | j 6:22 Pic
7:30 am 1 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6 :10 pm 1 5 -.00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 am 1 8:00 AMI Seba . tooo i 110:40 AM 1 10:2 . am
3:30 PM 1 5:00 pm! &eba «topol. | 6:10 pmJ 6:22pM
" • Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skasrgs Springs-, at
Cloverdalp for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i^keporc; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
i Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, /Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
I Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Booneville,
Greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
velo. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoei
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* bs-
yond San Rafael at halt' rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle banding.
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic &|p|j|^
.Jr a.CIHC ij^^^^^^k
Trains leave anj Aitivs *tlwß^3^aß
ilariiet-Street Ferry. HHK^SjS^gK
SASTA FE EXPRESS. MmM
' To Chicago ii;» A. & I" .^^fe^^^pUTe^
• . llirect Line * Tli fMr^^^^fi/f
i Leaves da /Op. M..carrvlne Pullman Palace
I . Drawlng-roum . and Modern Upholstered Tourist
! Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex can (or Denver and at.
Louis. • •
- i. ; on Kxcunlons, v.a Kansas- City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
. Xi esdar- ' •
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust; Interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Ottice, 644 Market
: St. .'Chronicle Kaildiiifr. Telephone Mala
1531. OakUud, tllSilruaawuy.
IORTUPACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
IV la Sausalito Ferry).
from Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 i
WEKif-DAYd,
For Mill V»lle» and San* Raiael— »7i2s. *9il^
11:00 a. m.: »1:45, 3:45. •5:15. »3 :4a,0:30 P.*
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. Wedn«»
4»ya and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun Kafael— *B:oo, *10:0 l
•11:30 a. m.: «l:20. 3:00, »4:SO, 6:16». H.
Train* marked * run to san Qaentln.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
ForPoltt Reyes and way stations— 7 (25 a, a.
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 a. K. r?atn»
l- or CasaUero and way stations— 7 :36 a. H. wMs>
far*; I^s »*. m. S«turdayfc__ __I^_
the sa\ FRASWO m sax jdaquh
VALLEY RAILWAY COfIPAH.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger trains
will run dally, except in? Sunday:
Southbound. Station!. >orthhoun4
7:2 .i am .■ ....Stockton 6:40 P. M.
9:49 a. m.:. ....... Merced ?:}4 P M.
11: A m.. Fre5n0........... 1:10 P. M.
For Intermediate Bta:ionsseetiai»-table. ■
I ■Connecting steamboats of the ur*. <E l. »-a
! leave Ban Fr»n is<o at 6 p. m. daily, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 p. M. dallr, excepting
bund ay. _ ' ' ' '" ..._-■
MOm TAMALPAIS.
Trains conn»ct >vith North Pacifio
' Coast Railroad. :■;•
WEKK iWYb- i..-avo S. F. 9:15 a. m. l:4^p. it
■ , BeturnlOß— Ar.iv s. r". 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. M.
SUNDAYS— LeaveS.F.BA.M 11:80 a. K. I:3Jpm.
Returning— Arrive S.F. 1:15 p. M i:'2o p.m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or : ■• -.■ •
■'■'-■'* THO-. COOK <t -u.\>, 611 Market st., 8. F.
- 2i.Ul Valley and Mount Tanialpais bceoio Kaiiwajfc
1314
SCORCHED HIS
BROTHER BOOKIES
Joe Ullman Won Several |
Thousand Over the Win
of Fortuna.
Mt. McGregor II Beat St. Lee
and Captive, Equaling a
Track Record.
Elmer F Won at Odds of 12 to I—Moy
lan Beaten Through Sloan's Care
less Riding— Nohs.
The layers of odds at Injrleside yester
day got hold of a red-hot iron. Among j
the starters in the third race, for which i
the gelding Georgo Rose was a 6 to 5 j
choice, was the mure Fortuna. She had j
not been doing much or late to cause any ,
uneasiness, and the public got aboard the :
favorite early and often. Whether the j
Chicago bookmaker and plunger, jovial J
Joe Uliman, had a dream or not will prob- !
ably ever remain a secret locked withiD j
the innermost portals of his soul. The i
ring is now wishing that it had been in- j
closed there previous to the race and that 1
Joe had 16st the key. The man from Chi- j
cago waited untii 10 to 1 was chalked j
against the mare and then he began cut- j
ting his coin loose. George Rose was j
pleased to take a pood Det, laying $1000 j
against $200, and so were the other pen- |
cilers. Now they wish that Mr. Ullman I
had remained at Hot Springs ail winter.
Backed oown to lours Foriuna took hold j
of the favorite, Ueorire Rose, by the head,
and, shaking him off in the stretch as an
elephant would a theater-loving flea, won
very handily, covering the seven furlongs
in 1:29)1. The winner once won a stake
eveni at Ingleside, starting at ail sorts oi |
odds, and is alioeeiner quite an enigma in j
the racing line. The man from the j
Windy City must have cleaned up several i
thousands.
There were several other squalls that
upset calculations. The odds-*on choice,
Moylan, was beaten through stupid riding
on the part o! Sloan, and Formal, which
should have won from here 10 next Fourth j
of July, was also beaten through SJoan ;
sinking a pocket just after the start. The
fir.-<t choices were fortunate indeed to win
two races.
Mount McOreaor II now shares with I
Chartreuse II the honor of holding ihe j
Itigleside track record for a mile of 1:405^. |
The iiooded sprinter, starting an even
money choice for the miie purse event, Jed I
his only two competitors, St. Lee and !
Captive, from wire to wire and won ridden I
out by over a length. In a bumping i
match through the stretch St. Lee, with I
11. Martin up, downed Captive, ridden by
Sloan, a head for the place.
Sam Doggett illustrated the lact to j
S'oan in the tifth race that it is just as j
well to win by a length or so as it is a i
head. Tod had the ruount on E. Corri- j
gan's Moylan, the 2 to 5 favorite, and with
the race well in hand grew a bit gay oppo
site the paddock and Sam, coming with a ;
ru-sh on old McLight, beat the favorite out >
three parts of a. length. It was a race \
thrown away. Olive was a close third.
Pig Leaf took the five-furlong scramble, \
for which she was an even-money favorite j
with nothing to spare at that. George >
Palmer ran second all the way and io a |
hard drive only conceded defeat by a neck. |
Sly, the second choice, with Sloan up was j
a fair third.
A very ordinary lot of platers faced the
barrier in ihe opening selling event over j
one mile and a furlong. Dan Honig's i
Brametta occupied the seat of honor in i
the betting, and in a deiiehtfully ener- j
vating linish was third to Navy Blue and j
Carrie U, the trio crossing the finishing |
line heads apart. Tho ring lai«l 5 to 1 j
against the winner.
The final proceedings of the after- J
noon's sport was a six-furlong spin, ;
with a field of nine sprinters, carry- i
ing welter-weights. Sport McAllister, j
with 1513 pounds in the saddle and
piloted Dy Sam Doggett, was dele- j
gated by the wise ones to carry the coin, !
being sent to the post a 7 to 5 choice, i
Formal was backed by his people from !
twos down to 8 to 5, and should have j
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. " Ingieside Racetrack. Friday. January 8, 1897
■ Thirty-eighth day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
i IKbT KACE— One and an eighth miles: selling:
; purse (350.
Inrt.
Horse, ace, weight- St. Std. 14
I %
!
Str. i Fin.
388 Navy Blue, 6 107 6 8
:-tsl Carrie U, 4 10^ ;i il
341 iFrameua, 4 102 2 1-J
ShB Kxaminer.6 112 B 3 1
3.'4 ! Kebekah, 3 96 7 61
807 Haaoero. 4 304 8 7 3
>ad Billow, 4..J04! 1 2 h
332 I Fleetwood. 5 107j i ,5 V 2
7 3 7 M 6 4 .! 4 % I h .
5 i /2 4 h 3V2 2 3 2h
2 1 2 h 11 V 2 !1 1 315
3 v 3 I/3 5 V-» 6 V 4 1
63 51 41 ;5% 5 2
12 la 2 li 3 It 6 10
41 61 74 74 73
I ,8 8 8 8 8
P. Sullivan
Barringer
Jones
>hiw
Slaughter
G. W iHon'.
Ueidy
BurlinKame
6-5
12
3
30
20
10
■
• 7
6-5
30
4
6)
20
8
Good start.
driving. Winner, T. H. Boyle's b. «., by Blue Wing-Bay Bettle.
Time. I:67 V*.
r btLON D J;ACJi— Five-eighths of a mile; three-year-olds; purse »400.
Irdex.
30.6 FiR L.eaf ..97 2
350 Geo. Palmer 99 1 :
349 -ly 113 1
177 Fortunate 102 3 I
3i9 .Nonchalante 110 12 . .
IBS i Hotaire 112 <i
, Laura Burl 105 6 I
, L,ndy Hurst 105 7 I
544 I Harold Lindsay.. 5 ! ....
818 Mercutlo 102| 10 .
844 Tryst 971 8
136 l.ady Looram ....105| 11 j
Horse, *ve:s:nt.
St.
_V±_
Va \ 'A
11% 11
'i 1 Vi 2 1
I 4V, ! 51
13 1 : 33
9 3 1 10
I 10 1 4 2
5 2 61
8 2 HI
7 h 91/2
11 7 1
6h 11
12 12
21*
5 1
3 1/3
lv
41
61
7
9
8
11
12
1 nk, j Jones :
2 3 H. Martin
31/2 T. h10an. .......
4 4 C awson
5V a McKugb:. ......
6 1 Shaw
7 spencer
8 O'Leary ....;
9 Barringer ....:.
10 Imxl.ii .........
11 G. Wi150n. ......
12 I Thompson j
Betting.
Op. Cl.
B-5
3
2
3J
gu
15
60
100
50
40
50
16
1
5
2
20
100
16
30
300
iiOO
10U
201)
30
KtraKSfliiis; start. W<,n driving. Winner. Barns <fc Waterhouse's b- 1, by imp. Manenhursi-
inge Lphi lime, 1:02 '.j.
358 THIKDH
of a mile; selling; for
; purse $400.
Index.
nflex.| Horse, age, weight. St. 14 I% ' | A Str. Fin. Jockey.
'•},» £ Or UD »,* J "------v 9.V •> 3 2 ■ 2i/ 2 5! 2~V IT" Thorn pgon~"~
.330 George Hose. 5... lt»«, I J* 4 1 Sib 3 3 a nit H. Martin
345 Coda. « 92 2 2h 3V, 4V 2 43 3 3 -laiigbter ""
251 Doubful. 4... 94 -i ! 8.10 7r 61 52 43 Spencer?
i*4l F.y. 6 108 il 13 1:1 11 11 5 5 snVw
200 A). ..bad. 6 97! 7i6h6h 71 71 H4 JacKson "
*51 Boreas. 5 100 6; .',4" 5 3 sy. BY, 710 CiawSoS ■""•-•
345 Schflitz. 5 100 9 72 810 810 B\Z 810 Jones
3*B Joe 4 a, 8 9 9 | 9 ,9 9 Re1dy. ........".
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. cl.
10
7-5
6
20
10
30
21)
5-2
50
4
6-5
12
30
V*
30
40
11-6
850
Good start. Won easily. Winner. J. Carroll's b. m.. by Brutus-Viola Rea. Time, 1 :29y 2 -
- Q FOUKTH KACt— One naile; three-year-olas and upward; purse $500.
Jn>lex. Horse, age, weight, j
838 .Mt.M'(;regorll,4.lo2
(348) Bt. J.ee. 4 IOJ
343 < upilve. 4 10'J
Ut.j y A 1/1
3 12 i 12
11 2 U \ »
3 3 2h
12
3
I 2h
Str. Fin. Jockey.
14 1 li/i; K. Jones
2 h 2 h |H. ftiartin
3 3 |t. s;oan
J ockey.
4-5
2
5.2
1
6-2
6-2
X ' WOD haUdUy ' Winner> Burns * Waterhouse's b. c, by Day star-imp. Miss McGregor.
Fl-fcili KAt-li-Seven-eighthsof amile; selling; fon r-y ear-olds and upward.
Jndex.
I I "I i I
ndex. Horse, age, weight. 'St. Ji ' x s^ | str. Fin. Jockey.
2.-3 McLlght, 6....110Vz !>\ 3h ~7l~~ ; T£ IMA uozeett ~~
(34.'.)iMo.vUn, 4 18 11~ 1 XL 1 * jln IS S7* (.loan ""
341 Olive,6 98 4 4% 43 43 46 36 Jones "'""
311 Miss 4... 96% 2 2h 3h afa ay, 4 a Barrier!. I™
3J7 Arnette, 6 95 | 8 | 5 I 5 | 5 ,6 6 * flaw son .
Bettlne.
Op. I I.
5
1-2
5
1U
20
5
2-5
10
9
26
Good si. rt. Won cleverly. Winner. J. B. Coieman s eh. h.. by Macduff-LoNgalijht. Time, 1:29.
■1 SIXTH KACt— Three-quartCHOf a mile; three-ye^r-old) and upward; purse $350.
Index.
Index. Home, age, weight. St.
284 j Klmer F. 6 ...132 5
Formal. 4.;. ...... 132 7
349 IsportMc U1i5tr,5.152 1
S3M Pecksniff, 6 127 <4
283 God tug, a 132 3
264 Hneocme, 5. .....127 2
346 Grady. 4.. ....... .132 8
332- | Fond Hope, 5....124 6
V4_
: % I
4h
6 1
1 1
•i li
3 1
58
8
TV*
:_ % I str.
414 1~
b Va 6
1 V»: 11
23 2 1
31i 3 I/a
6 » 63
7 10 7
8 8
4 I
6
1 1
2 1
3 1/a
5 3
7
8
Fin.
21 1
75
8
iMi I
31 I
7 b
8
Kreeman
T. 8 oau
lioggeu
Bt-rxen
C. Weber
Peters
Wllkins
Coady
Jockpy.
12
2
6-5
30
«
6
20
100
12
8-5
7-5
60
8
15
60
200
I
(jooa suit;. Won driving. Winner, X. &. Hall * Co. '3 Dr. g., by I'orUaad-Fauiaiia. Time, I:l7 Vi-
turned up an easy winner. After leading
to the stretch Sport be^an dispiaving dis
tress signals and was passed by E mar F,
which horse, in a hard drive, led Formal
out at the wire by a neck, in 1:17^- * ne
favorite stood a drive gamely, finishing a
good third.
• >OTKS.
Willie Martin was not feeling in the
best of health yesterday and decided to
stay on the ground. He was carded to
ride both Moylan and Formal and would
probably have landed both winners.
Lou White supposed that he had Thorpe
engaged to ride Wawona in the last race,
but at the last moment found himselt
without a jockey and- the judges ordered
the entry scratched.
The fallowing weights have been an
nounced for the Berkeley handicap at six
furioncs to be run at Oakland on Monday,
January 11 :
Mount McGregor II 136, Sweet Favor
dale 125. Caspar 116, California 116,
Chenille 100. Yankee Doortio 135, Perseus
122, Scarfpin 114, Ricardo 114, May R 100,
Nerroso 100. Nebula 100, Summertime 133,
MoFarlane 102, La Ma«cotfl 115, Nelson j
112, Magnet 136, Zaniar II 121, Ferner 140. !
True Blue 110, Fly 115, Sly 110, Sir Play |
125, Cash Day 136, Creiarian 13G, Lucky
Dog 140, St. Lee 136, Service 130, Alvarado
130, Bellicose I*3, Crescendo 125, San
.lowne 124, Tete Kitchen 120. Sim W 120,
Lady McCann 120, Hallelujah 100, Peril
120, "Ruinart 125, Torsino 125, Hannetta
105, Sea Spray 118, Sugar Fool 105, George I
Miller 125, Svengali 100. Logan 125, D->
--vault 120. Major Fludd 105. Rraxey 100.
Howard S 124, Bourbon 120, Zoolein 100,
Gratify HO.
Among the selections of likely winners
in The Call yesterday were given Fortuna
(10 to 1) and Elmer F (12 to 1), both of
w ich led their helds past the wire.
! The jockey carded to ride Little Bob in
! the opening race was late making his
I weight and the horse was ordered
j scratched by the judges.
From his showing in the seven-furlong
i race yesterday it is quite evident that Fly
! is able to go six furlongs, and will bear
j watching.
If ever a horse was a "lead pipe" to win
| a race that horse was Formal, which
I started ' in the last event run yesterday. \
I Away from the post well Sloan managed !
i to get pinched by two horses and almost
! pulied the chestnut up to a walk. A
! block behind the leaders, he went up
! gradually on the outside and was beaten
) but a neck.
Riley Grannan, Denny Lynch and most |
of the b\e bettors bad their checks down
on Sport McAllister to win.
JocKey Scuerer heads the list of win
ning jockeys at New Orleans.
The popular bookmaker, Abe Levy, will
i shortly leave New Orleans for San Fran
! cisco.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, one and an eighth miles.
(356)Xav> Blue. 104 (348) Frank X 114
325 Art.cus 114 543 Mouiia. 101
335 Tom K1m0re...106 3.8 Veragua 106
346 Doyle 106 : 353 Foremost. 101
338 Scimitar 99|
I Second race, selling, three-fourths of a mile.
334 Eon Doubt. 99 176 Contrition 102
351 i apt. Cosier li7i 352 Hazel D 99
338 Perhaps 104 320 Starling 102
o4j O'F.ee.a 107; 358 Doubtful 101
Third race, selling, three-fourths of a mile.
(282)Cadeuza 99( 360 Miss Ross 99
S3B Banjo 104 34. Mobalasca 99
j 320 Hymn 107 342 K..vory 107
' '{'40) Potentate 110 304 Harry 0 101
341 San Marco. 104 342 Daylight 104
3.«> Mneid Barer.,lo7 313 Major Cook 104
354 Pa merston 104 46 Bueno 107
. 304 .Last Chance. ...lo4
Fourth race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles.
(342)Bename:a 101 1 351 J«c* .Richelieu. 103
:-54 Can't Dauce 101 353 Minnie Ccc 98
354 Kamsin. 104 358 Coda 93
548 Morle Fonse....lo«| 274 Little Bob 100
Fifth race, handicap, hurdle, one and a half
miles.
(347)He11a 142 329 Esperance 128
•-32 Herman 138 260 Ira. Autonomy. 1 i:5
(355) Ad. SprecScels.,l2B 347 Fred Gardner. .l2s
329 Bedford 1.7 312 Fi Ft 125
347 Mr. Keel 128 |
Sixth race, match, $1000 a side, $500 added, fl ve
ei-hih-s of a mile.
Fat Murphy 100| 345 Yemen 100
Seventh race, three-year-olds, seven-eighths of a
mile.
-92 Don Clarencio.. 95 357 Nonchalance. ..loß
339 Miss aker 9j 318 Atticus 105
352 Howard S 11l I .78 Flambeauet:e. 100
348 Ureyhurst 108 284 James Porteus. 95
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race—Frank X, Scimitar, Ar
tiens.
Second race— O'Fleeta, Perhaps, Star
ling.
Third race— Major Cook, Blobalasca,
Potentate.
Fourth race — Kainsln, 3lorte Fonse,
Benamela.
j Fifth — No selection. "
Sixth — Yemen.
Seventh race— Howard S, Greyhurst,
Miss Baker.
The Hittites were first mentioned about
900 B. C. as a commercial and military na
tion to the north of Palestine. '•. A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
A SKILLED MINER
FOR CHAIRMAN
Assemblyman Fontana on
the Rapid Growth of the
Mining Interests.
The Increased Output in Cala
veras and All Along the
Mother Lode.
The B;g Union Copper Mine Soon to B2
Started — Legislation Which Will
Augment the Supply of Money.
Assemblyman C. D. Fontana of Cala
veras County, who is hero for a few days,
says it is surprising how the mine? of
Calaveras and contiguous counties along
the mother lode are developing. He thinks
the output of all these counties will De
materially increased this year.
Speaking particularly of Calaveras, with
which he has so long been identified, both
as a miner and business man, he says it
will tu is year, in his judgment, take the
lead in the production of mineral.
"It would have done so in 189 i, the last
year for which we have the returns," he
said, "had it not been for the fire in the
Uiica mine, winch caused it to be closed
for two months. As it was, Nevada
County outranked it slightly. But, I be
lieve, it is usually conceded that Calaveras
is first. ■ •
"I live at Copperopolis, and there we
have both gold and copper. The Union
copper mine there, which is owned by the
Ames esta'.e, is one of the greatest in the
country. I suppose there is none bigger
anywhere, unless it is the Anaconda mine.
"The Union is closed down at present,
but since the great advance in copper it is
the especial desire to start the mine, and
as soon as the estate is adjusted, which
will probably be very soon, the great prop
erty will be worked by a lull force of men.
"Ttie output of this mine when it was
worked was 100 tons a day, and 350 men
were employed. The starting of this big
property will make a tremendous differ
ence.
"There have beenagreat many inquiries
in Calaveras for properties and a great
deal of bonding during the past four
months. I think the outlo< k is brighter
now than it has ever been. A lar^e
amount of development work is being
done, too. The men who have mines are
working them steadily. There has never
been more interest in legitimate mining.
In nil parts of the mountains are intelli
gent prospectors, who are doing what they
can to develop the mineral wealth.
"The principal mines, including the big
Utica, the Gwyn, Royal, Ford and others,
are working gooo. forces. The Utica is
employing about 500 men, and, of course,
its output is keeping right up. Every
body knows something about the heavy
product of this mine.
"But probably they are not so fully in
formed about the Gwyn, whic • is owned
by Thomas Beishaw and Senator Voor
heis. The Gwyn is now down 1600 feet,
and has recently completed a forty-stamp
mill. Ore is being crushed now, for ihe
mill started up a littie while ago and is
being run steadily.
"The Ford is going to be a fine mine.
The owners are sinking on it now, and it
is showing up a fine body of ore. The
Jones mine at Robinsons Ferry is very
prominent now, too. It is being worked
and has a good ore body. The Thorpe
mine is another property about which one
now hears a great deal. It is at the Forth
crossing. The Mosner and Hector at
Mokelumne Hill are also developing well.
"There are fully 1500 men at work in the
county, and this big lorce is beirie added
to. What is true ot Calaveras is true in a
similar degree of Tuolumne, Maripoaa,
Amador, El Dorado, Nvada, Placer and
other counties. The interest continues to
gfbw. #
"1 am satisfied that we are on the eve
of signal prosperity so far as our mines
are concerned. The best of it is that the
development is leeitimate. Because of all
this I am especially interested in all the
legislation that may come up this winter
at Sacramento in regard to mining. We
must look out for the mining interests.
In doing so we need not in any way con
flict with the farming interest. In fact
they will each be valuable to the other.
"The members of the Legislature lroni
the mining counties— such as Assembiy
man W. S. Robinson of Nevada, Assem
blyman H. T. Power of Placer, Assembly
man Caminetti and Assemblyman G. H.
Burnham of Placerville — are all much in
terested in the legislation that will come
up. This legislation is varied and impor
tant, and lor this reason I am anxious that
a man with a thorough knowledge oi min
ing be given the chairmanship ot the
Committee on M nes and Mining."
SHERIFF MAKE 3 CHANGES.
Seven Employe* Will Resign to Give
Others a Chance.
Sheriff Whelan made a few changes
among the employes in his department
yesterday to give a few men who had been
waiting for positions a e< ance.
Two inside deputies, John Curley and
J. J. McDonald, were asked to resien, as
were uvo men, James Brown and James
Fitzgerald, at jail 1.
Three men weie let out at the House of
Correction, Frank McNesby, Daniel
Doherty and David Wall.
Jhe successors of these will be an
nounced within a few days.
THE STOCK MABKET.
Challenge was the active stock yesterday, sell
ing at 5 5@35c. Belcher also sold freely at 48@55c
and Yellow Jacket at 38@43c. The other s.oclcs
were quiet.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent in
boa: d today. .
The usual monthly dividends of 50c per share
by the fucitic Gas Improyemeut Company and the
San Jose Water Company have been declared, and
will be paid on the 11th.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Surety Com
pany has been called for January 25.
The Teresa Mining Company or Hnaloa, Mexico,
has levied an assessment of 5 cents per share, de
linquent February 5. •
Tne kdisan Light and Power Company has de
clared a dividend lor the half month tnding .De
cember 31 of 33iA.cen.ajer share. This is half
the regular monthly rute of 662/3 cents, and it was
declared so as to cose the dividend account of the
ol i company before opening the books of the new
San Francisco Gas and Klectric Company, which
has aostrbed the Edison. The dividend will' be
paid on .la uar ■• 15
The sums disbursed by the mining corporators
on the Comstoclt for labor aurnii^ December were
; its follows: Hale & -Norcross $1236: Andes (»m;1
--niated). $1200; Con. > al. A Va , £11,541: Mexi
can, 91742: (pair, $2811; Best <& Belcber
$2124 3i: Gould dt Curry. 858 25: Aha (esti
mateo), 81500; Utah. $808; Occidental. $2254;
Brunswicic Kxp oialion «. orapany, 61U6 75: ■ av
age, KI4M I rou-n Point, $M 9 66;. Ye110w Jacket.
8i:-82; Confidfuce, $314; -Challenge, $1U:
Belcner, 51844: .^e(tr»- atid Belcher. $46 : Impe
rial, $91; iSuMon, Cno.iar, $4316; P.>tosi.
$480: Union Sl:aiv. $23«3: .-ierra .Nevada, $711;
Alpha, $723: Nevada ilill (estimated), $2600. ,r
Following were il.i- n-les ia the San Francisco
s-loclc Hoard yesterday :... .
Rk.aiTI.AR MORNING SESSION, COMIIKNCING 6:30.
liOn Alnli» ifc 150 Conn.... 1.46 j.Vj lotosl 57
100 Alta OS 10U V i*01ni....3 50 ...... ..'.'. 5£
100 Andes... 17 3UO G<tU.;....3t) 200 Sava»..;.2B
20 i Belcher ...bb 200 .29 hjo ■« Nev " " 4s
60'J lt&K.....t>Z£sl} H&N...1.1C 100 5tnrd...1.60
100 8u11i0n. ...09 .OJ Mexican.. 4b *00 lintou C...43
600 ChUn«e...6s 800 ...........46 20J X J»uK«t..43
600 .....64 10J 0Trmn..;.19 900 ;.;.....;..:42
300 Ch0ir...... 80 -• . •
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :3J.
200 B«lcner..-53 00 Conn.. ..1.35i20J Ophlr 99
300 b&b 64 100 V P0int....2»a00 1.00
100 ............55 SOO ....... .....2fer4/)i» Ftiosl-... 65
100 Bullion... 500 Exchr 061100 .-66
100 CiialiKe...fc'O {iJ C..._ 27 s»vnKe..-27
200 ....... .....61 200 V.- . ;....25'250 Union 44
100 Ch11ar.....7> 500 Kentuck..O4 l'>o Utah 08
500 CC&V...1.35 llexcn M ..45800 If J-0K1...41
200 .....:.....i.so ■ ■• ■
Following were the ea'ei in' the Pacific Stock
I Board yesterday:
1 REGULAR SESSION — 10:30. .
400 A1pha. ....17 iUO Cali-da. ..IK 100 Hex. 43
200 ...16 350 ChoUar.. ..7S 700 ...........45
200 Alia ...... 04 200 .. ..77 (00 OccWf....- 20
aOO 0. 35J ccV.l.32Vi 500 01ih1r.. .1.00
650 Andes.. 16400 Contl 1.52V2 : 'OO 1.02^2
60!) 8e1cher. ..54 WO ... 1.4. 200 0vrmn....1»
900 5U200.. . .1.40 «5J Potoil 56 !
«0J ...........49 100 l.sO 10 1 KaTaire...2B
1000 ......*.... 48 300 V.. ....1. 32% 7J0 Scoroton..()2
40J BA-U......65 12000 Con JuiOU >00 S 8&M... J 1
600 ...........56 SOO C NY 0-40 1 bJXev 48
200 54 201 C Point... 200 ...........47
tflM i-iilliou._.o- 300 ........29 150 btnrd ...1.50
2UO Cballee...6B-2OU .27 «JJ Un10u....44
200 67 «00 Excher". C63JO ...........43 j
POO 64 3JO U <ste.. ...-.:>> 3J> V Ml 07
700 ............ 6: 250 H&NI 27V'' *00J *J«C*"l«3
900 ..6^l/2 1000 Julia .03 300 ....:.. .....42
2000 B-. 100 Justice. ..O..|j '0 ..:....... 41
20U 55 1950 KeatuclcO4 1200 40
200 ....57 750 .... .... .OS 100 «i»
300 6t- 500 I. Wish.. .0' 200 ...38
gOO -....6y300M.xl an..< 7 . 1
' AFTKRNOOV (-155810^-2:30.
6in >irirtir... .. 5, Oj tliolr 79 Occd 31
400 lb|4oJ ... ..V»o4si> Upiilr...].Ot)
soo i 7 i?oo ce&v. i.-<;. 1.02V3
400 Alia 04|^450 1.32V 2 350 Uvrma. ...l7
I'OJ Andes.... It ibV Conrt.... :.i>b 150 ". in
100 ...15 250.... 1.3« 40 J F0UM1....56
SOD £elcner...sl SOJ Crwn .27*00 ...-.'.67
SOO 52 ii)o 2*- iOJ Miva?e....27
1000 B<fc 8...b5 200 .......... .29 100 68<fcM....1)
200 ....5b 400 Exchqr...ot N>v.....47
4uU Lullion....oX M)'> «iA-,i ..27 1000 8 Hi 11 ....02
500 07 500 G Eagle ...7i 60 «inrdl.47i/ a
300Caleda.... 18 soj ...... ....2S 300 Uui0a......4a
400 Cha11E8...6U300 29 200 Utah. .....07
1950 ..........58 -'OJ H<fcNl.27 1 /2 v!Ol '' ' ■" ' -..-42
400 67 300 Justice... .Oo CO -40
300 65 300 Mile. 44b00 39
600 56 I
iXO&Utti QUOTATIONS.
FKIDAY, Jan. 8-2 P.*.
Jiit.Al*r<l.\ Jii(tAs/c»t-
ATrJiaCftti 15 IBJoIU — l f
Alt*. «* 05;IU8t!ce. _ 0* 16
Ande5.......... 16 36 Kemuc1c. ....... 04 vt>
Belcher 60 61 Lady Wash.... — «2
Best <fc Beloaee 65 stti Mexican. ...... 45 4b
lie iiKia C0n.... 07 Id Nevada QneeO. — *■*
Hallton 07 Ob! Occidental..... 20 22
Caledonia. 12 IS Ophlr S*» 1.0"
Chollar 77 78 Overman. 17 18
Con.caL&Va...l.3U 1.56! t'otosL 66 ■ 67
Challenge Coo. 64 56 (savage. :*0 27
Con. impart*!. 01 Ci 5c0rpi0n....... — «3
Confidence.... 3.25 I.3uheg. Belcnae... 11 12
louNewYors - silver Hill 01 12
Clown Point... 26 27 -lerr* NeVii*. 46 47
EastSierraNa/ — standard 1.45 1.60
hutekaCoa... 25 —i Syndicate. .... — 0 3
Kxcbeauer 05 <6; L'niouiXiu..... 4,; 44
ouuiu Oi Curry. 27 Ui»u 07 08
jikitot^urcrs. 1.25 1.31. i ciiow j»a£<M. 69 40
blUCii AM) BONO EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY Jan 8- 2p. it
rXITM> STATjiS BO3>IU.
>»rf. /!»A«U.| J?'i. Atkft.
U S4s coud.lll - |U S4sre?...lo;> "0%
Do new issue! 201^. — | .■
MIHCKJ t.ANh.on^ TlflVnt.
Cai-stCbless.Uo 1111/4iOniDiDU» Os.. 119*6120
CalElecL6sl'.i4 — PacKoll M is. - —
CntiaUWSa — 95 Ho 2<l Is 65... — —
Dpm-stex-cp — ii'Vi PilO Ky d). — 313
tdsn LAP 63127 — P&Cii Ry 6s. 97»il 0
KR 6i104 1051 A irwi-s: XX 6i112 US
Gearv-st KsslOO 103 Keno.WL&L — 105
H C«t!S V a 103 — f-acto P& L. — 100
Anal' 6j — 100 SF<feNPR5<.. 98 99
DoGmeed 6s — 101 >PRKAriz6j — »2%
Mia-stCble6sl2o — bPRRCaIos. — 113Vb
DoKyCon 05.106y 8 106VsSJ > KKi»lsi. — 100
NaiVlnßslst — 100 -PBrKCal6i. 98 98%
KevCKitU7s. 99 — SV Water 118 9
NPC 10014105 *VWaier*s. H9l/2100
NKyCaltJs.loo 103 Stktn(i«KK6i - 101
>' Ry <_al 6s. — 95 »unstl ! — —
Oak Gas 65.. — 10* 0.-utter-51R55.110% —
Do ad is 55.. .108 — IVisallaWOd* — —
■>• ■w*tkr rtock»
Contra Costa — 33 ISaaJose..., — —
MariaCa.... — 63 |Sprng Valley bilfo C7y
«:'*« hocks.
CapltaL — 85 Pacific Light — 80
Central....... 95 — >an>rancsco 98V4 B»Va
IlKkli LAH 54 — SIOCIUOQ — V!U
r»ci.u Imp 903/4 y->Vj
JS3URA.Ni STOCKI.
Flreman'sFdl6B 185 l^run — —
COMMK&CIAL BAKE RTO"IC1. •
Ajn*rß&TC. — . — LondonP&A.l37% —
Anglo-Cal 51 — ' !.ondoii<fcSK. — —
Bank of Ca1..24UVj24<l Merch Ki.... 14 —
Cal bD&TCoIOS 10» Nevada — —
Ural Nmlonl — 190 father BCo. — —
BAVINrtH bank btock*. i
GerS*LCo.. — 1500 ISavAloan.. — 106
HumbSifcL.llOO , — Security 230 300
Mutual 3«% I moil l"rusi.79J 876
btsav Union — .600 |
BIEKir RAILROAn «TWKI
California.. ..lo7 110 Oak SL*Har — 103
Urary 5t...... — ~ 60 . I'rrsid 0...... 6Va —
Markut-5t.... *314 ii |Sutter-5t..... — —
-» Vj\\lirCli 6TOCK.I.
Atlantic D... — — C0n.... 26y 8 26
KamernD.... 79 90 Judson D.... — —
Callioruia.... P5 - (V1g0r1t....... 65c 90c
MISCELI-AVy.IITS STOCI^i.
Alaska Pk*rs. — 100 " Nat Vln Co.. — fV,
BlkDCoalCo. — — it-MIcSSCO 21 —
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAuxFA — 4
Edison Llgbll26 — I'acßoraxCo. 95 —
(iasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Her Lead Co. 80 100 I'arf PaintCo — 7
HawC&sSCo.. 17 1714 PacTransCa — —
HutrhSPLo V4l/8 2* ¥> F»c T&T U..0 — —
MerKzAssn.. — 110- " -Suuset T«ST. — —
M Klec .Lißin 7 ■ 714 United. C Co. — —
[■ALES — UukM-'" BMiIJ-i.
Foarrt—
50 Giant Powder Con 26 BO
18 Edison Light ft Power Co 126 25
1 do do 1:6 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial.. 17 l<o
50 Hutchlnson 3 P Co. _ 24 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 7 i2>^
15 Oakland Gas 64 &0
15 SF Gaslight, b2 98 50
Hr~l- .
$1000 Northern P.'y of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 100 00
60 Pacitic Gas Imp 90 60
!-ALu-->— a » rti; hi » :*■->«£»» " '*■ •
ronrd—
$1000 Ferries & Cliff House 80nd5...... 104 00
".:.'• Giant Powder Con. i 8 50
10 do do i.'6 25
10 do do 26 00
10 do do 26 76
15«« Mutual Electric Lijjht. 7-12%
$3000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5.. ........... 119 75
10 Pacific Gas imp 91 26
6 F Gusliirat, S8 25
60 !> V Water fc7 76
250 Mutual I lectrlc Light.. 7 ISV,
26 Oakland Gas.. . 64 50
$2000 65 V 4X Bonas 9U 75
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BrRINERS OFFICE of the San FranciscoCAMr
-710 Market street, open untU 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery »tre«t,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntil 9 o'ctoclc
lUi Ninth streot. nr>p n until »:3O o'rlock.
li^S 3 REGULAR SESSION OF OOL-i^ At |
Iw^^ den Gaie Encampment No. 1, 1. O.*Vr 8
O. will be held In Kucampment Hall A
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING January/ \
9. at 8 o'clock". Canton No. 5 will be piesent. In- I
B. aliatlon of officers will be held. Refreshments
served, and a good time it expected. . come all.
H.C.GEORGE, Scribe.
JtTjip* EXCELSIOR DEGRIiE/^»jyUK«.
Bf^ s^ Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F.-Kegu-
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Ihirl
degree will be conferred. 'W/ll\v :>
- A. K. KINOSFORP. D. M.
IjK^ COURT A I.CATRA Z NU.7749.A.0. «->?
I*-*' *.— Members are hereby r.o itl> d to
attend the funeral of our lute brother, '. ' j|'\ •
FRANK VKTERK.on SUiNDAY,' January Cj
10. at 1:30 p. M.. from Jour lodge hall, corner
union and Stockton s:s. Fine lor nou-aliend-
ai.cn. By order of R. J.BAI/MA.N.C.R.
C. P. HicHABDBoy. Fin. Sec
J£-S= ST. JOSKPH'S BENEVOLENT SO-
ke»*' ciety. — UHicera and members will please at-
tend the annual mei'tini: next SUNDAY, January
10. at 2 P. m. WILLIAM MUKA3KY, Pres.
Geokok McGinn-. Financial Sec. .-, ___
BKS=""JL»UTCH'.- >INI>G AND Mil LING
at^s* Company— The rj-ular annual meeting of
the stocKholders of the Dutch Mininjr aid Mining
Company will tie heM at the office of the com-
pany, rooms 67 ana 68, Steveniun building, south-
west < orner California and .Montgomery streets,
San Francl,c<', Cat., on MONDAY. tne 18th d«y
of January, 1597, at 2 o'clock r. x , for . ihe j.ur-
poft Of dectin,' a board of iiirector* to serve for
the ••nsuiiir year and for the transaction of such
other business as may be :■ brought' oefore the
meetlncr. Transfer uoo"k< close Tnursday. Janu-
ary 14, Ifc97, at 4 o'clock p.m.
Tskal I a TKITTI NBACH. President.
L J " Gkorob W. gkrhakd, Secretary.
fan Fran hco, January 7, 1897.
£^5= ANA UA 1 MEKTINU— THE REGULAR
»»": annual meetincof the stockholders of tie
O(e<nic SteamHQip Company will be held at the
ofliteof th fir om pan <•, 327: Market' street; San
FrancUco, Cal ,on THUHSDA i r , the 21st day of
January. 1887, at the hour of 11 o'clocic A. m. f«r
the purpose of electing board '; of directors sto
serve for the ensuing year and" th» transaction of
>>uch other bu<lneßS as may come before I he meet-
ing.- Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'c ock m ::"'•-■-. •
K. a. SHELDON'. secretary.
SC^b- 1 THE ANNUAL. MKrTINO OF THK
»-*' stocKholiers of the spring Valley Water
Works will be ;- hold ■at-" 12 o'clock, '. noon, on
WKDXhSDAY, the 13 h day of January. 1697,
at the office of the president of : the company, 608
California St., San Francisco, for '. the e.ectlon of
trustees and for the. transaction -of such other
business as may come before the meetinc.
': PKLIIAM W. AMIS'. Secretary. .
■ftgs* A WKEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THIS
•u^*' WEEICLV CALX.,III wrapper, for mailing.
N CHURCH NOTICES. "
I jf^S TRINITY I M. lE. CHURCH. CORNER
i lifts' Sixteenth and Market sts.— Kev. F. F.
i Jewell, pastor, services morning 11 o'clock:
' evening 7:30. Sunday-school ,12::-iO p. m. : John 1
■ Dvar, su.en tendenu The pestor will pr»«sb j
I morn ng and evening. Mora ru subject, ••Picnic
■ Christians; " evening, "The Boundary Line." All
are cordially invited 10 attend, seats free. Pas-
tor's residence. 3631 Sixteenth a .
IfcSS 3 CENTRAL AliiTHt>Di--.T PI SCOP A L
wf^B' Church, Mission St., bit. 8 xth ana Sev-
enth—Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D, pastor; H. V. Watt,
b'unday-school superintendent: J.J.Morris musl-
-1 (al director: H. M. Boswortb, organist. '• The
1 pastor will preoch at 11 a. m. : subject, "1 ha dawn
of a -New Life" In the evening he Evangelist,
; W. K. sheparrt, will preach anrf conduct revival
services: alto on Monday. Tuesday and Wednes-
day evenings. Afternoon meetings at 2 o clock.
>unday-schoo! to-m,'>rrow; IP. m. Young People s
meetings at 6:30. All welcome. .
R-rS» HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPIS-
w3B? copal Church, bet. Second and Third streets,
two blocks from. Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case,
D.D.. pastor; - Martin - --chu.lz. musical director;
I J. W. v Whitln.g -unrißy-school superintendent.
Hours of public services 11 a. m. and 7:30 p m.
Sunday-school at 12:30. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening, 7:45., Epworth Leacue, 6:30
Sunday , evening. Evangelist Marshall will preach
both morning and evening. This extraordinary
man will conduct revival services in thU church
every ni^hi next week. Pastor's residence, 140
1 Hawthorne s reel, near the church. Telephone
I K#d 961.. Church tel pnone. i.lacK 961. ' ' ; .
I CT^S=> SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
i s*--*^ Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haisht st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
'1 he pastor will preach at both services. Subject
at 11 a. m. ".Merer and Truth." At 7:30 p.m.,
••Angels " Union service at California-street
Church all this week. Sunday-school at 12 :oO p. m..
C. B. Perkins superintendent. Epworlh League
serv.ee at 6:30 p.m. The public cordially Invited
to all the services of this church. Setts free.
Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7 :45 o'clock. ' '
ffc^*g=» HOWARD PRfc.SBYTERIAK.CH URCH,
tS<& cor. Oak ana BaKersts.-Rev. F. R. Farrauo,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Evening subject, "Modern Spiritualism." Sabbath-
school at 9:80 a. m. Y. P. S. C. J'-. at 6:45 p. m.
Missionary 1 raver - meeting and tea social on
Wednesday evening. Young people's chorus and
social on Friday evening. Strangers cordially wel-
comed. Pastor's residence, 519 Devisadero st
fKSS» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CH U KCH,
l£<& cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin Hart
Jeuks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:HUp M.
sun ay-school at li::4sp. m. ; Y. P. S. CX. atO:iS
p.m.: pray, r-meeiing Wednesday at 8 p.m. All
are welcome.
TttK FIKST UNITARIAN CHUkCH,
*E~& SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Dr.
siebbins, minis er. The Sunday-school is at :45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Siocomb.
The morning service is ■at 11 o'clock. Pro-
fessor KdWHr.l It. Griggs of tne Leland Stan lord
Jr. University will preach. All are cordially in-
vited. The evening service is omitted.
Jt^S= KUKNEZEK LUTHERAN CHURCH,
fa*-*? Mission St.. bet. Eistlh and Ninth. Eng-
lish service at 8 p. m. The ■as or Rev. Dr. E.
lander, will pr- ach on -sweet Galilee." Special
sinzing and music under the direction of Professor
J. V. Knpqulst. All are cordially invlt^a.
UPKCIAL 'NUXICIiS.
»^^^Tiiyr^b:CHK'lA.li. V^OF TIIK~
CE-jS' Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby glvi a no: Ice that the following orphan
' and hi lf-orpliiui girls and boys have been admitltd
10 the ins iiution from July 1. 1h96, to January 1,
1897: Nora Percher, 6V21 years: Emma fhoe-
bridge, 11 years: Agnes M. -Gartner. 11 years:
Mable Itioma*, 10 years: Mary Thomas, 7 years:
Annie Thomai, 5 years; Rosa Capucetti. 8 years:
Gladys Meyer, 12 years; Carrie Loutller, 12 years:
Theresa I asenare. 12 years: Lucy Clement, 7
years; Nettie Woods, 12 years; Elsie Garatt. 12
years: Grace Garatt, 11 years; Julia Muhllof. 3 l /2
years; t-alitta Muhilof, 2 years: Ros« Wilmot, 9
years: Henry We!sman,7ye»r<: Rowland Adams,
14i/2 years; Hcrry Joudshl. 8 years: Louis Capu-
cetti, 7 years: Frank Capucetti, 5 years; Thomas
Casenare, 10 years: Leonard Casenare, 8 years:
George W. a ult, 6 years; Eugene F. Mullin, 5
years; Arthur Garatt, 8 years; Walter Garatt. 5 j
years; Philip Weeks, 7 /3 years; Robert Mullin. :i |
years; Charles Wilmot, 7 years; Daniel Jiaines, j
13 1 /2 years.
rf^-JSp NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT !
ar<& the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsoni i
M-, -"-an Francisco, cal., has received the following I
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from Oc-
tober 1 to December 81, 18^6: Henrietta Ham-
mer, aged 1 yenrand 8 months: Vioiet Herring,
aged 1 y«ar and 8 months; Louise V. R. Howard,
ii;f<l 12 yrars; liaz-l L. i.an<horne. aged 1 year
and 6 u.o.itbs; Almina Frefiger, aged 11 years:
Olga Freuger. aged 9 years: Alfreda F renter, aued i
7 years: Lena C. Claussen, aged 8 years: Catherine i
Coughlin. aged 13 years; i- mma M. Anderson,
aged 4 years; Florence Cramer, aged 11 years;
Dulce F. Murray, aired 12 years: Jessie Lyncn,
aged 8 years; Inacla Kenteria, aged 6 years; Flora I
L. McDonald, aged 3 years.
(Pip ABANDONED CHILDREN IN StT '
uirZ& Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, from July j
1. 1895. to .-De.-. 31. 1896: John Dyer, ace 6 I
years; Loretta D.er, a«;e 3 years;- Miltoi Dyer, ■
2 years; Francis Madden, age 6 years; Mag-!
gie Fitzgerald, »ge 6 years: Harry Wabl, age 5 j
years; Barney Joselyn, a.c 3 years.
KTS» BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
ffiF-jy short notice; money to loan on lots north
of the park, in the Richmond district : easy pay-
ments. Apply to W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
EfSyp I.\DIA OPIUM CUKE FuR $J5: PER-
SF-^ fec:ly harmless; ladies treated at home. B.
D. KIMMIS, 916 Market St., Columbian Building.
%lj!f* BAD IKA'AMa *. ibXTVU.It iuK M:
m^£ r rollections made, cltr or country. Paclfls
1 enaction Co.. 415 ;jontcv m.. room 6. T»'.. 6580.
wrap CHEAPEST a d BES.T IX AMERICA—
>-*^ THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
Dostace free.
UIVIDEMJ NOTICES.
S£~S' DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NtTvTIJX
»f<s' Bank of San Francisco The board of di-
rectors of this bank nave declared a dividend
(No. 19) lor the quarter ending December 31,
1896, at tbe rate 01 six (6) percent per annum,
payable on and alter the 15lh of Janna-y. lrans-
fer-books will be Cii set from the 10th to the l.uh
I:lst., both days inclusive. .
D. B. Davidson, Secretary.
San Francisco. January 8. 1817. ■
BfcSS 3 tOR THE HALF MONTH ENDING
m~JST December 31, 189t, a dividend of 331
cents per share on the Issued capital stock of the
E is>o . 1.1-hi and Power Company has been de-
clared payable on the 15th day of January, 1897.
' r n.--fer 000 -<s will c ose at 5 o'clock on January
8, 1>97. By order of the b' a d of directors of the
Edison Light and Po^er C. mi> ny. .
J E. Ri .EN, Secretary.
|t^=» HUMBULDT SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
m^& clety, 18 Geary — The directors have de-
clared the folio. semi-annual dividends 4.20
per cent per annum on term, and 3.60 percent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2. 1897. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
fci"lUA*lll»a: \. AXI klL.KMjti-K
VOUKG WOMAN, VVITII PRIVILEGE AT-
I tending scnool 9a. m to 3p. m. for room and
botirJ. J. P. JOH.\SToN dt CO.. 872 Broadway,
Oakland.
IDDLE-AGED AMKHICAN LADY FROM
ivr the East would ll<ce the care of an Invalid:
cheeriu 1 , patient aid good reader: reterence given.
Addieis D.. box 18, Call Office; will le,ve city.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
as housekeeper or nurse. Call or address
A. L. 8., room 6, Madison House, Fifteenth St.,
Oakland.
"LMRST-CLACW WoULD J.IK.-. A POSI-
i. tion In private family or working housekeep.r
in a grown lamlly. Call 30by 2 Hayes st.
■WOMAN WITH AC STLD 3 years OLD
'" wishes woV»; as hous -ke' per, cooking or gen-
eral houseworK. . Address '2b Sixth st., room 11.
V'oiJNG'LADY.UNINCUMBKRED. DESIRES
1 place as working housekeeoer in bachelor's or j
widower's home. 1 Fifth St.. room 1.
VOUNU .: EASTERN WOMAN, SCAN DIN A-
X vlan, with girl baby of 4 years wants any kind
of houseworK where .-he can feel she has a home;
no triflers. 255 Perry St., rear, near Fifth.
SITUATIONS WANTED BY COMPETENT
Swedish girls to do second work. Call 8 Bond
St.. brt. Twelfth and Thirteenth, off Mission.'
THOROUGHLY COMPETENT ' WOMAN i
X wishes to take charre of hall as janitres ■; very
reasonable. Address 23' 1 Hyde St. ; "■ '
"V'OUNGGIRLOF. 16 WISHES care of 1 «'R
1 2 children; iS to J(S10. Address H. C, 339
Hayes st. . .
]VT AT.YOUXO GIRL OF 16 YEARS WISHES
lUht hoisework: $8 to $10. Address 1. D.,
339 Hayes sU . v. - ...
yOC.vfl WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST
X dressmaker or do second work. 609 Franklin.
CuUPLE DKsIl^E A POSITION U> A Fa KM,
ranch or In a private family: the wife a good
i-erman housekeeper; he husband an American,
willing and obliging : best of references. Address
H. and W.. box 106, Call Ottic?. .
POOR WOMAN, I L LING TO WORK AT
X anything honest, - wishes some employment:
good cook, washer an 1 ironer; day's work or nurs-
ing: > experienced; no postals. Ladies please call
at 947 Mission st .  •■ ?. .. ; .-, /;-,•>;•'..;-•
■V V ANTED— SITUATION AS NURSE; WILL
'» take full charge of children or act as house-
keeper; is good cook and seamstress; country pre-
ferred. Address Mils. J. I)., 5 Alaska place, toot
of Mason si. ; ' J rl ---:' . ■
pOIORED GIRL WISHES A SITUATION;
\J general housework and cooking or us nurse:
willing to, wear; caps . anU aprons: also colored
woman wants day work, $1 a day. - Address F.,
box 79, Call office.- . .
ORK WANTED BY THE DAY WASHING
or clef nlng house; cull or address 834 i'olsom
su MRBI WADE.' ; -:•-■.
\kl ANTED— YOUNG' AMEK.CAA ILOW
"" desires situation as working housekeeper; ref-
erences.; 1-V sixth st.. room 12. ?•_. .
"V7',OUNG COI.OKI- UIKL WOULD LIKE TO
X assist in light housework. Apply 84- Jackson
si.; cor. Powell. . ,
EXPERIENCED DISHWASHER aND Ai-
rist with cooking; wages $;■ 0 a .month; sleep
home. 'Address Cook, 56 Natoma si-, care dress-
maker.:-. •'.!«:' : -. -;..:/:'■. ■
\I IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD. LUCE
XTi. work* of any. kind or - take care of baby dur-
ing the day; small wages. 23Va Kitca St.; sleep
home nights.
- »
SITUATIONS- WANTED- Continued.
"\7OUNG, PREPOSSESSING, REFINED LADY
I X housekeeper for widower's family, city or
I country. Inquire for Mrs. M., 646 Telegraph aye.,
Oakland. . __,
/GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK: WASH-
! VX ing. ironing or cleaning by the day.* GIN Z-
BkRG, 152 Perry st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
VOUNO LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
X ments-deslres a place as housekeeper In a wid-
ower or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post su
VOUKO; GERMAN: GIML WoULD UK**
X position to assist In light housework. No
postals: call at 1623 I'owell st.
LaOY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
XJ ing and mending at home. 131 Taylor st., rm.2.
AMERICAN LADY, AGE 37. DESIRES A PO-
A si tion as housekeeper. Address MKS. *. A.
REYNOLDS. Oakland P. O.
YOUNG GEKMA • WIDOW DESIRES POSl-
tlon as working housekeeper for. widower or
bachelor. 106 Fourth si., room 2.
OUNG LADY, KEC NTLY FROM CON-
X necticu , desires h position at a w.orking house-
kef per in widower's or bache.or's home. Room 6
1007 Market st. /
V'UU.NO ■ KIIMAN"LADY DESIRES POSI-
X tion as housekeeper. Auu ress or call 112 Tay-
lor st room 14.
A MERICA - WUMA.< WANiTS CHAMBER-
_L work or charge of linen in lodging-house; ref-
erences. 1630 Eddy st
<]R»T-CLASS COOK WISH_S SITUATION.
x Apply 303S Slxteenih si.
71 •> LARKIN-BR.xNCH OFFICE OF THE
I XO CALL: snbscrlntions an.i want ad« taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR TH
0 Calx, taken at' branch office, 339 Hayes au;
open until 9:3J o'clock. ■
VV INC iI J£3 i ER HO U SK.~44 THIRD ST.. NX.
VV Market: 200 rooms: 25c to 51 60 per night:
II 50 to (6 per week: convenient and respect-l_«.
tree bus and baceage to and from the lerrr.
MXUAXIO-NS ■' \VANX__ — _Al__.
HAUNTER \& ilixT CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG. m<r
/CHINESE _ JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS:
V.;hHp:te).mi>ln 1997. BRADLEY <fcCO.. 64O Clay :
HIM.SK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4143^ O'FarrelL Tel. V. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
O 73, St. Anil's bldg. 6 EdJy at.: teL Main 5234.
MPLOYING PRINTERS— THE SERVICES
of the best job printer on the coast can be se-
cured: comie:ent to take charge of any office In
the State, and carries with him a good trade. Ad-
dress J.. box 68, Call.
■yOUNG MAN (AMERICAN) WISHES POSI-
X tion where there is no Sunday work; good
habits and California references. Address C M.,
box 3-', t a. I Office.
1 ARBEIT— GOOD WORKMAN WANTS JOB
I in a first-clasj shop. Address 1461 Fifth, st.,
Oakland.
"VOUNGMAN WHO KNOWS CITY WOULD
X like situation driving delivery wagon. Ad-
dress R. P., 1 Kimball place, cur. *
ANDY MAN WANTS WORK IN HOTEL
or ranch; can cook, milk, garden. P. E. N.,
box 13, Call.
SALESMAN WANTS POSITION: 8 YEARS'
experience groceries and general merchandise:
3 years as manager and buyer for large store; best
reference* K. V., box 67. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SOBER MAN
O to care for horses and cows: good farmer and
gardener; can do some carpenter work and drive.
Address G., box 143, Call office.
UTLER DESIRES A SITUATION* IN A PRl-
vate family; best of city and New York ref-
• erences. Butler, box 10, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
0 man a* coachman: understands gardening: is
wiillhe. sober and industrious; belt city and Oak-
land references. Address F. W., box 164, Call.
VOUSU MAN WISHES PLACE AS LUNCH
X cook has had ions; experience. Please address
Cook, box 73, Call Office. -_• .
j pOLORED MAN, HONEST AND STEADY.
! \J wishes work as janitor or work for doctor or
I any kind, or he and -wife will work together;
references if required. ' Address W., box 74, Call.
JAPANESE BUTLER WANTS SITUATION
in private family: city or country: understands
cooking first-class: also has long experience. Call
S. — box 19, this office.
\TOUNG MAN, WITH GOOD REFERENCES.
X withes position: any honorable employment
accepted: wages are no object, as I wish business
experience; bonds if necessary. R., box 125.
OUSE-PAINT. R HAVING TOOLS. ETC,
wants work anyway to suit or will firm part-
I nership with good man. Address Painter, 1905
i Addison st.. East Berkeley. Cal.
I \\T ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
! VV man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait-
i ing or other work; city or country. Please address
' H. MILLKR, 631 Sacramento St., room 95).
AN, 5 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IS LAUN-
dry, wants to run St. Ciair machine for shirts
! and collars. Address D T., 619 Pacific St., city.
I TTOTEL PORTER, AIA.V (ENGLI -H) AHOUT
I XX place, gardener, etc. $'20 and found; good ref-
erences. Add res iM. S.. box 15. •
YOUNG MAN. 17 YEARS OLD, JUST LEFT
1 college, quick and correct at figures, desires
work of any kind: wholesale house preferred. Ad-
dress a. (i., 711 Webster.
VOUSG MAN WISHES PLACE IN HOTEL
X or store: speaks French, English, Italian and
Spanish; city or country. D.. box 67, this office.
"PIXPEKTLAUNDRYMaN WISHhaTO HAVE
X- employment: competent to take charge HAVE
employment; competent to take charge of any
department. Address D.. box 143. Call Office.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHI- CALL. 167 NINTH
st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
APANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS PLACE TO
work in family. Address NAKAGAWA, 758
Castro St., Oakland.
97 MONTGOMERY, COKNER OF CLAY—
«>_ •[ open null 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and waut ads. taken.
■HnSCHhSTEB HOUSF, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from 'ferry.
II.MALK __!.*• ANTED.
G"~iiTir~mtaAT)w"AY7~s2O: J " I GIR_iVsTEtNEB
St.. $20: family cook, $20: 3 girls. Vallejo St.;
girl, Gough st. 220: gir:. Green St., $15; girl, Sut-
terst., $15; 3 girls. Ellis St.. $15; 5 girls. O'Far-
rell st., *15: girl, Baker st, $15: girl, Gough St.,
$15: girl. Bush St., $15; girl for Llvermore, Cal.;
middle-aged woman, nice family, $10: nursegirl,
$12: 13 young tirls, $8, $10. *12 per month, as-
sist, etc.. nice iamilies. MARTIN'S. 749 .Market.
p ERMAN CHAMBERMAID, $20 AND ROOM:
vJT 3 waitresses, Si s and room; chambermaid and
wait some, $15 and room: chambermaid. $20 and
room: woman as assistant cook, $5 a week: 2
waitresses, country hotel, $20 and room: waitress
to go so. ith, $20 and room: restaurant cook, $7 a
week. MARTIN'S, 743 Market st. .
HERMAN HOUSE R AND GOOD
\JT cook for 3 gentlemen, Guatemala, $30 and fr--e
ire; Norwegian or Swedish housekeeper, country,
$20 C. K. HASHES & CO.. 110 Geary st. ■
AITRKS-, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
'» tel. $20: chambermaid, as«ist waiting, $20:
chambermaid, assist waiting, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & co., 110 G>arv St.
0 ERMAN COOK. COUNTRY, SEE PARTY
vl here. $25: teneral housework elrl, 3 in family,
$20: German or Swedish' housework girl, $2J; 10
young housework girls, no w.is.i, $15. C R.
HaNSKN it CO., 110 Geary St. ■ ■
\\r AITKESS AND PARLOR MAID, $20. SEE
»T lady here at 11 to-day: German or French
cook, no wash. $40: 6 cooks In American and Ger-
man famlles, $■•.'.*> and $30: 3 Protestant German
and French secondglrls, $20; 2 nurses, *2 an 1 a
large number of gir s to fill situations In city and
country. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutler su
ANTED— R.MAN OR SWEDISH CHAM-
bermaid. hotel, $15; Germa i or French cook,
$40: GermHn cook, $35: 2 French nurses, $20 and
$•25; German nurse, *_>; French girl for house-
work. $20; French Bald and seamstress, $30.
I LEO AN.'RK, 316 Stockton St.
OOK, COUNTRY, $35: SKCOND GIRL, $25;
\J nurse, $25: 10 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25: 8 voting girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLKN. 3-3 Suiter si. '
A*; OMAN WITH 1 CHILD, AS WORKING
VV housekeeper: $15. MISSC^LLEN, 323 Sut-
terst.
\,\ OK KING housekeeper, $20. MISS
;'» '. CUL. .EN, 323 er St.
/ URL FOR HOUSEW. RK, $25: SEX LADY
VI Ht 1:30 p. m.; boardlnc-house cook, $20; 2ln
family, $20: waitress. $-0; 2 German girls, $13
and $'20: number o. tslrN for house \ork, *s and
$20. MRS. DADAMI, 313 Sutler. TeL Ked '2713.
Irlsof. ALL Nationalities IO fill
various positions from $10 to $25. 306 Mason.
ttiducateh lady for AN office; mod-
J-J emte salary. United States Industrial Agency,
165 Crocker building. , ■_*
r OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN UPSTAIRS
work and wait at table: wages $12. Apply oe-
tween 1 and 3 _ v. 716 . ost at.
1 i IRLF.K LIGHI HOUaEWORK. 112 LYON
VI at., near Oak. " , . •;.
ELIABLE YOUNG GIt%L FOR SECOND
work: sleep home. Call '2620 Vail st.
11/ ANTtD— FOR LIGHT BOUSE-
.'.'» work. 152 Fourteenth st. . ■
NUR.sEGIKL, 16 YEARS OLD. $12: GIRL
I lor bou.-ework, $25, call parly. 721 Ellis su
L XPe.KIr.NCE.' HANDS /ON LADIES'"
xj wrappers. SIG SIKUER. 126 Eighth at. •
\\T AN T D - GIRL FOR HOUoEWOBK;
■*». wages $10. \ 26 Hill at. ..
WANTED— BY A LADY PHYSICIAN, AN
unmarried woman, between 25 and 40, io
meet Invalids and strangers. Doctor, box 87, Call.
yOL : .Mi GERMAN GIRL TO Do GENERAL
-L housework: Mnall fa uilv. 909b Folsom st. .
WAN i ED— GIKLS, FKo.M. 11 TJI. INQUIKK
»T between 3 and .V 1 103 (ieary.
STENOGRAPHIC dT'LUB NOW BEING
organized at Heald's Business college, 24 Foal
st. : i the. cub wi.i .: meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday): club fees $1 50 a month.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
•» housework : no washing: 3 In fiimilv; refer-
ences; wajej $12. W. V., box 33, Call Office. -.-
HELP WANTED-Contlnnoii.
ANTKD-EXPERTKNCED APPRENTICE
Vi on custom coats. 373 Natnma st.
IBKKAL OFFER": _ , WEEKS' SEWING
lessons, free to . all beginners this week: pat-
terns cv to order. 25c. McDowell Dresscutting
Academy, 636 Market st.
A TED-MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks require.!: tools given;
catalogue nt. S. F. Barber Scnool, 1515 Howard.
I A WHENCE CUT 7 ING SCHOOL IS THE"
J-i only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK-
Winchester Hous». 44 Third st., near Market:
'200 rooms: 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $3
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1/_YNN'B DRESSMAKING AND CUITINj
r Academy. 14 McAllister St. $1 a week.
1" Al. .. _._f_>4' liA.MiiU.
WANT tD- M I U ifh X- A (TED -1\ ( i [, X "MAX
t» as salesman for dairy depot in city, must be a
first-class buttermnker and have goo, i references-
gardener for country place, ; 20 to $25 and found-
blacksmith and sooer 1 for street r.-llroiil company
in country town. $45 per month; 3 farmers- i!
milkers: cook and second for institution. $60-
-rook, smal ranch. $15; and others- W. D. _WER
W ANTED -CUUK AND WIFE FOR A COUX-
» T try boarding school, near city, $60 per mo ,th-
must be first-class. W. i>. KWKH <t CO.. 626 Clay.
ATE AT WAIT. R FOR AN INSTITUTION,
_> country. $25 to $3 J: por:er an.; runner, coan-
try hotel. $20. C. K. HAN^h.y & en.. 110 r;eary.
GARDENER WITH t.uulT K_FKItJ-.NC_s>,
\JT private place near city, $25: woodcli >i.i..r
75c a cord and board. C. R. HANSEN &XO., 110
Geary st.
-Lfk MEN FOR RAILROAD WORK, NORTH"
*)\J laborers, rockmen and wheelbarrow men-
reduced fare: we ship to-day. C. R. HaNSEN <fc
CO., 110 Geary st. •
mHIKD COOK, COUNTRY HOI EL, $30. C R.
X HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
rpHOMAS CLARKE, THE POKTE«, PLEASE
1 call; neat indoor nor.er for ho.el, 425. C. R.
HAN SEN <_ CO., 110 Geary st.
mHREE COOKS, $45T560, $35: 3 WAITERS,
X S-5 to $3-: butcher, country shop: granite-
driller f r a quarry, $1 7 5 day: 3 farmers: -I
prnners for a vineyard and orchard. MUKHAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
-636 Clay st.
p hKMAS SECOND COOK, $25. AND ROOM;"
Vjr boy to assist in small boarding-house, $10 and
room: cook's helper, $5 a ween; lunch waiter;
vegetabieman, $30; pastry cook, $65 and room,
and help on the range: cook, $30 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
ANTED — YOUNG AC'IIVK MAN A3
clerk in general merchandise store, coun'.ry;
must be experienced and give unexcep lonal ref-
erences. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 S<a?ramenio.
A MERICAN MAN AND WIFE WITH KEF-
XX erences for private family; $50. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608 and 610 ("lav St.
SECOND COOK; COUNTRY; $i 5. HOt_L
GAZEITE, 420 Kearny st.
PRACTICAL EXPERIENCED ASSAYER
X for a gold and silver mine: first-class position
for the right man. United states Industrial
Agency, room 165. Crocker btillaing.
ANTr D— FIRST-CLASS BARBERS FOR
Saturday. 207 Fourth St.
W ANTED — BARBER FOR SATURDAY
If evening. 872^ Howard st.
ARBEK FOR SATURDAY AFT-RNoON
and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
AKBKK WANTED FOR SATURDAY AT
797 Mission St., near Fourth.
ANTED — H RST-CLASS BaRBER FOR
Saturdays and Sundays. Apply 509 Castro.
ARBER wanted' for SATURDAY;
wages or percentage. 602 Clay st.
W AITER WANTED AT 613 CLAY ST.
TEADY MAN WITH $50 CASH AND EASY
O terms can make money. C., box 15. Call Office.
W ANTKD— S-VERALENERGE'I IC LADIES
V and gentlemen to nandlenew popular encyclo-
pedia; salary or commission. Address P. O. box
1.'4. Oakland, Cal.
Air . NTED— 4 MEN TO SOLICIT ON A NEW
*» plan; no goods to carry; salary if preferred.
156 Fifth st.
rpWO-CHAIR B^RBEK-SHOP FOR SA_U
X cheap: cood location. 415 Hayes st.
pOOD BARBER-SHOP AND 3 cURNIsUED
VJT rooms: account of sickness. 649 Broadway.
PARTNER W NTED IN CASH BUSINESS.
X Apply 33 Sixth su, room 18.
I^AKiibi-' J'r.uitUl'itl'. UNION bJll'LUi-
it mem secretary, CONRAD 'IKOKLK 657 UUr
BARBKK EAIPLOVMJ-.NI CALL. .->J-.C.
X) P. C Barbers' Assn. s. r'lXHs, 325 Grant ava.
']UUUM'.IM_N bAKi.biia' is.— fLU l M_.\ i'
0 wretarv .H. BERNARD. 102 i-eventh »:.
\l\f ANI_D— WKLL-DR. LIVK >OLICI-
•» tors; big money. Call 903 3 Howard st.
BOYS BETWEEN 15 ASH 17 YEARS OF
age. .. Apply at 200 Sutler . .' . . .
W ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION^ FOR
VV This Call are taken at "Branch • ■HUe, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
TYLJ-H AND DUKAASLK CALF SHOiiM;
our own make: $175. 959 HowaiO. nr. Sixth.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c: LADIES'. 40c:
(tone while you watt. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will ft Finck's,S.F.
EHiMUn WANTa iOO Jl.-.iN i*j <-iJI BUI-
. tie b<H»r or wine sc. b*-s- free lunch. 64TTCI»7.
(1' I L> MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
—.«JxO The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SIN'-LG FUR-
nished rooms, -0c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
OOMS 150 To 75c P_R N ititt i ; 6Oc To #1 5J
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
"L">OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c ->iKAL OK
X coffee and cakes 5c co to 18i/fe Grant aye.
INGLE FURNISH fc-D ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
Cl 76c week. Ltndell House, Sixth and Howard.
W ANTI-.D— LABORERS AiMJ MECHANICS
VV to know thai Ed Kolktn, Reno House proprie-
Cor. still runs Denver Home, -17 Third sU : 15J
Urge rooms; 25c per night: $1 ios:< i-er we»lc
\hf AN 'J' b.i>, iKJ . ,fj\j 1' WAU_-s_ti_ i.^.rfott
tf »r»<tcl«>rki. KNOX Collection Ascy. Jill sutler
ECRU ITS WANTED FOX TJiE UNITED
Mates Marine Corps. United Stales Nary;
able-bodied unmarried men. between the ages or '21
•nd 80 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally ds-clared their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character anil
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
and between 5 feet 5 inches r.nd 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply a . the K«craiun_
Office. 20 Kills St., San Francisco. Cal.
rilKI ACME HOUSE. i) 57 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, lor » room: kftra night: .11 a we«lc
E>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, li. 20 AND
25 cents per ni^ht: $1, $1 i's, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and l.eidvsdorlS sts.
LCHO HOL'.-K, 8631^ MARKET ST.— P.UOMd
20c, 25c to 50c night: $1 to $2 wee*.
VV INCUKSJ XX HOU__, 44 liilKU ST., NR.
»T Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room: free bus and ba.?t»Ke to and from the ferry.
1 /\i| AIEN TO IAKh, LKW4INU AT lOC, 150
1 \J\J and '20c a nlgm. Including cofiee anJ roil_
124 Washington St.. near Kearnv.:
AANTjtD— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK Of
V V Rome simp.) thing to t.uient.* Protect yoar
Ideas; th»y may bring you wealth. Write JOHX
WEDDERBURN _ CO., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Uashlii-to-i. D. C, tor their $XiMiJ prud
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
W ANTED— SINc.Lh, ROOMS. 15c A DAY; $1
VV week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 * week; •
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
WANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE REPAf
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nigut while you wait: ladies' soltag, 35c; men' i
moling, 60c; tine shoes made to order from $'2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up v
$'2 60. i.tii Mission su. bet. First a;, an.l s^ron.l m.
A __.> Is , UA.UtU.
GENTS To SELL " p"k"Tessur . de KOO*-
rheumatic oil. 818 Geary, bet. 10 and 12 a.v
'•ncßA' IS \\ TIIK PEOPLE want TO
v know about: now is the time to sell car
"Cuba" book: liberal terms: apply at once for
territory. F. P. RSO.V, Manager -übscnpUoa De-
partment, The Wblttaker<& RaV. Company.
GENT&-A IiOOK THAT OLTsKLLS ANY
publication since Grant's . book U -General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one w<tnti
the book written by the commander-in-chief of th-»
United State* army, first agent's coramHsloa
$22 In 3 hours. K. PERSON, aanager subscrip-
tion department. The hi later »<c Ray Company,
72a Market st.
-IiKKITUiUC \VAXT_I).
TTIGHEK PRICK THAN ANYWUKRE PAID
■U-by Indiana Auction 1057 Market.opp.Jonei
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR~FURNir
J. ture and merchanaHe see BURP, 211 Larkla, I
('A»H PAID -jj-ojt : entire houses O«
vv smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
BOWCHER 223 viorkmn: s»nd rnsta'.
iiOOAls \» A.STEU.
,w antkd— ii^ui?N^nrNnnnTi?T!nnn>
*' rooms in th -, vicinity of cctavia. O'Farrell
Pine and Franklin s.s. Address W., 1221 O'Far-
rell st.
' A> i_.U— 311»C«._i_A->ii;of.S.
T\ AIRY PRODUCEI«ruTi^ANIjiHOR>E"XNrj
■XJ wagon: 1 will- sell cheap: account other busi-
nesi. Apply 52 Seventh si. for particulars.
W ANTED— .CON D-HA >D G \.>OLINE FnT
"glne. 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear:
Address E.. box 11<, Call Oia.e. «>«r.
L(tILiJIM.S HuiOUl; lit'-Br li, SASili-T"
-L> doors. mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission st
<^ELL Yolk BOOK.*, tJLUTIi_N_ ANu Jhvv"
e.-y , A.KLEIN. 109 Sixth Ht : t,,,\ po^_.
'.- . Bl CVCJL.KS. ~~
<ij;4*S " BK:s ' hurt, BKAND N_W' GITa H.
Sarj ,'u anteed *** srade - "DAVIS BBoaJJtt,PrKTNKSS CIfA>*CK"«.
CtTTgROCERY STORES
_;( I Prices from $100 to $4000
15 coffee-saloons Pnres lrom $200 to $1 000
3 2 branch bakeries Prices from -50 to $500
5 coal and wood • Price* Irom $35.) to SBOO
'a!oons Prices fr -m $350 to $2.. 00
drugstores Prices from $1200 to $4000
15 cigar stores Prices from $200 to $1200
b stationery stores .Prices from $300 to $850
H. C. DECKED, 1020 Market st. Cpp. Fifth.
Uj.ur -~t\ FRENCH *JQUi>i{ STOKE: GOOD
tJpZ <•'*'• corner, DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ftlOnn Ki-.STACRANIV OYalVlf AND
QloUv'. chop house. KEK, 1020 Market.
I>AKBKH-SHOP ANT! BILLIARD- PARLOR;
J3 2 tables; worth $401); will take $325: $225
cash; b:t!a:ue in installments: situated in boys'
dormi on-. Stanford Unlverslt/. Address E.
BON A L. ' - ,
yOR SALE — A BAR(iAIN; TAILORING KS-
r tablishment In Hayward3; no competition; fine
trade: owner golrtg Eau cause of selling. Cal or
address C. M. BKUUN. Haywards, Cal.
ODGING-HOUSE: 37 ROOMS: HAI.Fi.NTEB.
est or who c: • heap on account of afflictions.
See owner, 32 Fourth st., room 6; no agents.
PARTNER WANTED IN AN 01, D ESTAB-
X lished bakery: references: one who is a baker
preferred. A. F.,«box 2, Call Office.
QJQAA LODGING-Hi>USE, Ttf ROOMS;
.)V»V7. nicely furntshed; near Markat st.
Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
DA 1 V PRODUCE BOOTS. HORSE AND
wagon, for sale cheap ie ount of other busi-
ness. Apply 52 St vent list.
an WITH $500 i AN DOUBLE hi- MONEY j
In 50 days; come quick. Address X., box 22,
Call Office.
UTCHKII - SHOP ; ESTABLISHED BUSl-
ness: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth st.. near Castro.
•< J r CHOPHOUSE CLEARING $2(0 PER
VPrtOyJ. month; central location. Apply Call.
"VTOW IS YOUK TIMr. TO BUY A FIRST-
— > class candy-store. Address F., box 67, Call.
AY, GRAIN, WOOD 'AND COAL YARD.
1915 .Mission st. : business locality.
EST aUKAN i, roB SALE; DOING BtJSJ-
-Lt ness. Apply 1300 Powe.l st.
Q £\f GKOCEKY, DO ING GOOD BUSINESS,
«Jp«JUU. for sale. 132 seven ihsl.
fftji AA LOON FOR SALE— A BARGAIN;
tiP-'-v'VJ. owner leaving city. 854 Howard st
\\T AiS'Tr.D— KENT. BRANCH BaKEKY,
'» stationery Mid variety store in eoou location;
state particulars. Address B. 8., box 15, Call.
, IpOK SALE— VERY LOW PRICE: MUST SELL
' Tin two days: come and make an offer; restau-
rant and coffee parlors. 1429 Market st.
V-OK SALE— GROCERY ND BAR; CEN-
S- trally located: doing good business. Inquire
HEY GRAUERHOLZ &■ CO., 224 Front st.
(~1 ENTLr.MAN WANTS hERMAN LaDY
vX partner, wirti some means, in country busi-
nes. Address J. 8., box 60, Call Office.
OOD PAYING CANDY ROUTE AND TWO
wasons. Address L. PKENNINGER, 28 Page.
I)AA SALO" N 108 SALE. 651 MISSION
Q_.UU. street. !
GROCERY AND NOTION STOKE FOR SALE
VJT cheap. Apply Call Office.
OR BARGAINS IN BUSINESS OF ANY
kind see UNOERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st
AI)Y Ob' Ml-ANS DEsIKEs GENTLEMAN
business partner. Room 2, 223 Post st.
vrkxch family i.iy i or-s t< >'ke: estab-
-T lishe 1 1874. For particulars call telephone
' Mint 1182.
p KOCERY, BAR, STOCK AND >IXTURES;
VX living-rooms: cheap rent. Apply this office.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJT young lady of means. Room 1, No. 1 Fifth st.
TOCK AND FIXTURES OF GROCERY
store, 8. w. corner Post and Hyde sts.
ALOON POR .SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery, 1431 Pacific st
wifT" INVESTMENT; COCO FINCA of
«_)OUUU. 10,000 cocoa trees and 11,000 acres
of land in Barro Blanco plantation. Colombia,
south America, in 3 payments; net income
$5000 annually after fourth year. Particulars at
ill Front st., san Francisco.
Q!'-lf\(\ CORNER GROCERY BUSINESS,
«JpOUU. stock and fixiuras; established 25
years. PAT I 'EK-ON & CO., 2 Valencia su
ESTAUKANT Fi> SALE CHEAP; GOOD
I business owner so:n; away. 23 Third st.
KANDSBUKG I V 1 I I , I'M EN; CO. WILL
sell i. ;t interest In its properly and busliuss for
$7000 casn; n.oney wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Os ar
T. Shuck-,, 509 Ivej.rny, E.F. Bean.Kandsburg. Cai.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUK SALOON OK
grocery for spot cash address 1.. box 120, Call.
TK.W'SPAPK.U .ttOUTK IN .'..VI'EKIOK oiriT
i-^ floss lo baa FnuiUtsLU. tut particulars sypi/
this oiric.
\i' ANTED— PARTNER WITH ¥40.000 JN A
'» grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V.. box 39. Call Office.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH9
A. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for znaillns.
_Ol>GlNti-HO|TSES IOK SALE.
I OFFER FOX SALE THIS DAY
FOR CASH OR KASY PAYMENT-*
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-rcom house.. $700 22- room house. . . $500 j
K'-room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750 (
:;tdi .m. cor... 3,000 14 rmsou Stater. 700
11 rs.. must sell 20 ' i 6B rms, best city. 3,500
15 rooms, new.. 1,250 81-room house... 1,400
27 rooms, new.. 3.000 110 rooms, corner. B,ooo
210 rooms, hotel. lo.oool 11 rooms, 0n1y ... 75
35 rooms, centrl 2.500J 10 rooms, Jones st 300
—1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACEd OF ALL KINDS
H. C. DECKi-K, 1020 Market st.,opp. Fifth.
VINE LODGING-HOUSE; 37 liOOMS: ONE
1 ot the best locations in the city; satisfactory \
r>a-'i a for selling: rare opportunity. 704 Howard.
90 r H.MbUKD ROOMS" DOING GOOD
— .O business; for sale on account of departure.
916 Howard st
"L'OK largest li&t and lowest PRICES
-T In room Ing-houses see UN DKitWOOD, 765 Mkt
. EFOP.E BUYING OK SELLING HOUSES OR
! businesses see A. M. KLKINS, 906 Market st.
Jct'KNITUKK lor. SALE.
CHAS. M. "J.U.M <k CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
A(U\ CARPET-: CHAMBER sfc I S. $14.
IUU stoves, $5: parlor tets. S2O: folding-bea\
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or goal
tb new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings. ■
puiLD's walnut bed, also a heating-
\J stove, for sale: cheap." 303 Turk st
VOLDING-BED AND MaTTKESS; $10. 227
X SlXth St. r ,
VURNITLRE, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
r t«rs, showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
jjUl'Kl.MidAM 1 L KNITLI'.E CO. — LOWEST
It pries: furniture, carpe s: all trades. 868 Mils' n
CAKPJbir. CLEANING.
CM V sieaM CARPET t LKANJ So WOBKsT
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. 11. STEVEN^
>i^r. 38 and 40 Kigbth St.; telephone South 250.
\*,*HEN YoU Bi-.COME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work to SPA ULI)I NO'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 4'J.
ARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; tel. south 36. Mackintosh & Co.
E. MITCHELL. CAKI'I-.T-l I.KAMM. CO.,
. 240 14th st, : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
PAKPET-CLEANINO, 3c: LAYING. iky, RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Straiton, 19 Bthst
KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING \VOKK->.
\J 3: .3 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East l-(5.
•JO A AKD AT GREAT WKCsTEKN CARPET-
-0 cleaning Works, ll .Elclith st . . -
i Oil bAi<J£— _IsC_LLAJ«'_OL - s.
B~~ARS, BACIi~iBAK^ MIRRORS. SHOW-
cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
■tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
OR SALE— AI FKESH COW. 2674 TWENTY-
T second st.
E N ILE FRESH COW; HALF JERSEY.
T 28091/2 California st.
PRINTING MATERIAL FOR -.ALE CHEAP
X at 8 Montgomery av-., room 14.
AXE FOX SALE; CHEAP, COMBINATION
lock. 409 Hayes. -
I^C-JLEKs.ENGi.NES.JD-HANU MACHINERY
I) water-pipes. Mclntosn, & Wolpman. 137 Beai*
UOMS PAPERED, ?2 50 UI'WAKi); WHIT-
Ilening, timing, paiotine at lowest rate*. F.
EDWARDS, I*oo Web3ter rt. tel. Sterner 235.
WTMiORSEPOWi-.lt GAS ENGINE; PRICE
J- $75. Gunstore, 820 Kearny st. •
* T FACTORY WHOLESALE PBICE: KAT-
2\. tan chairs, rockers, stands a:id odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Save you half by call-
Ing at once at California Kat.au Company, 61
First si , near Mission.
AKS, SCALES. MIKROK-. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. M.EEK, 1118 Mission.
OECOND-HA.ND SAFE; F IKKPiiOOF; V_RY
|J cheap. D. N. HAWLEY. 318 Market st.
VJATIONAL CASH J.E-.1-TEK, GOOD OK-
i- ' der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission ■:.
pOfFKE MILL. SCALES, LETTER FUESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
OSAIICH BLUE FLAME HEATERS AKB
the best W. S. KAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
, AltS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHEI.V
• > ing. etc., 1 ought and gold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
LAXK SMALL MKtll UM AND LAJIGE-SIZK
VJ fir« and burglar proof safe 109-111 MarStPt s^
SilWlNti aiACJIINIiS/ "'
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGEA
rented .repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth sl.
PHYSICIANS.
T iR C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 .MAKKET, COB
! ■ i. 1 ■■:." ■■■>■ ay.; disease's of women* specialty. .
HOtTSES TO f.KT.
HOUSE TO LET— HAMPTON PLACE, OFF
Folsom st , between Beconl and Third.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY. SUNNY
• side of Glen Park ay. ; in excellent repair «nd
very tractive: $.0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth St. ' '•
•J MCE SUNNY HOUSES- oN * At -' X -ON s^r
O near Hyde: ren: $12 50. Apply BOVEE. TOY
ASONXTag, 30 Montgomery s^. __
O~NI E SUNNY HOUSES ON LEAVEN- I
worth St.. near Washington: rent $18. Apply ,
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAO, 30 Montgomery st
HOU-KJ 927 HAIGHTrNRTDEVISADERO;
9 rooms: bath: laundry; large yard and gar-
den; rent $42 50: water free.
C KOOMs7~^33T~ShCOND ST.: $15 PER
O month. Key at 639 - 1 - econfl st.
- ROOM'S; 5378 SiCoND ST.; 817 PER
i month. Key at 639 Second st. .
'•■ ROOMS; NEW ITOUSK; MODERN IM-
O provements: 45 Federal «'.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 ■- econd st
uL'SI-.S To IUvST PoK~~VKKY —ITTLK
money at BALDWIN _ HAiIMO.NU'd, lj
M mwßifi st
COTTAGES TO LIST.
© TTT^COTTAG^ETNrWDK^oFT^vTEN'fIETH
1 v". st, near Castro.
.NOTICE — NEW FLATS, N ! W COT-
. tases, 3 to 8 rooms: genuine reduction al-
lowed good tenants: we can suit rich and poor
people. A. M. SPKCK & CO.. 602 Market st.
PENT CHEAP-SUNNY COTTAGE 4 AND 5
IV rooms, bath, basement, stable. Fifteenth and
Dolor sts ■■ -
C RiOMs, BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
0 rent reasonable, liO FHlmore st.
OUXXY: 4. ROOMS, YARD.. CKLL\R; $11.
0 Second si., between Brannan Mid Towneend.
iURNISBLKD FLATS.
~7lKooSis^oFl^ATr^icF r iiy^v^yiSSEi>
t^ for housekeeping. 1023 E llh st.
J. LAI'S iv LJiT.
T^P^K^TLATr^RTiO^'sTiBATHTMODERN
U Improvements; 0.1 Twelfth st: $20.
Lower flat: 5 rooms; bath: laundry; front and
rear yards for flower* : $22 60.
*our gunny ro >ms and bath on Glen Park aye.;
second floor": $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye-, oft Twelfth at
<£>-} <■) FOUR LAKGE SUNNY ROOMS. BATH,
rJpX_j. basement: fine view; good neigh i-orhood;
1 block from Castro st.-. references exchanged.
SO 2 Liberty st.
VTr.W SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
XI 3175 Twenty-fifth st , corner Folsom. J. A.
V LRICB, 41 i rocker building. .
-> (TM-jN-5 K'irtMs, BATH, $16; 805
_ i Union— 3 rooms, Ma:, $10; also 4 rooms,
$11.
i>](\ FLAT, 3 KOOMS; YARD; BASE-
«JMU. mem; all clean. 123 San Jose aye., nr.
Twenty-third st; - -<
1 •>•> LARK IN, OPPOSITE CITY H ALL— SIX
100 room and bath: top fiat.
"I A 31ETCALFE PLACK, OFF GEARY. NEAR
JL U Mason— Upper fiat; 6 rooms: bath; $32 50. .
ATEW UPi'EK CUR.\EK FLAT; 6 BOOMS
1 \ and bath- 223 Eleventh St.
Q. 1 Q 1425 A BACKAMENTO NEAR HYDE;
tip JLO . upper flat: 5 sunny rooms; b»th.
ODERN SUNNY 6-ROOM FLAT; CHEAP.
841Capp«t, near Twenty-fourth.
9f< 1 A l SUTTEK — NICE SUNNY UPPER
_jUltt'> flat; newly papered; yard: $15.
.JO I TEH AMA. BbT. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
OOA. 6 rooms; latest Improvements; rent low.
$20: MODERN" FLATS, 6 AND ' 6
i*^ IO rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher st, near S. end
Fill more. ' '
OWER BAY-WINDOW, 5 ROOMS, .YAKD.
JLj 30 Vi Moss St., bet. sixth and seventh; key
corner Howard. ' - -
fljj T~j COR. TWENTY -THIRD AND CAS-
tjp IT". tro sts. ; 4 sunny rooms and basement;
porcelain bath. ' |
V-LAT. FIP.NISHED OR UNFURNISHED,
JO for rent: terms reasonable. 616 McAllister st.
a NICE ROOMS AND BATH: FOLDING
*± doors. 544 Sanchez, nr 19th: key on premises.
1 At.) FULTON— EXiKA FINE N_W UPPEB
IZI_,1 Z I_, flat 7 rooms; path; $35.
! 1~1 Ql MISSION. NEAP. ELEVENTH— 6
1 i)lOa lHrge, sunny, papered rooms; bath;
launtlry: water free _^_
RARE CHANCKi FOR A GOOD TENANT:
beautiful 7-rooni per flat; reduced from 935
to $25; in warm belt of Mission. PATTERSON
it CO.. 2 Valencia st. ■
tIICGKAKV-4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
Zlt) suitable for business. Key 217 Geary st
0 NICE SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 5 ROOMS
— and bath; very reasonable: 2 and 6 Zoe st.;
key in grocery.
\T- W FLATS NOW BEADY; 3TO 8 ROOMS;
■TV $15 and up. SPECK <fc CO.. 602 Market st
4 -KOOM FLAT: FJ'.DEKA.r_PLACE, OFF FED-
tt eral st. : to a tenant without children; $10 per
' month. Key at 639 Second st. '
<_ 1 < LOVELY SUNNY FLAT & ROOMS,
Oil. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st., bet
Noe and Sanchez. ' . i
i 90 PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
I — .t* block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
! modern 6-room flat: rent $15; water free. .
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5^ AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 a Seventh st.
LATS to KENT Tor VKKY LITTLE
r money at BALDWIN <_ HAMM.ONi»^ XV
Montgomery nt . ■
~~1 vV*E_K-S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TBH
J\ WF.EKLY CALL, In wrapper, tor msjltng.
-uo_h_.iijL;i;piN« iiOOMs.
Castro Street.
Af\T^ CASTRO, NEAR SEVENTEENTH —
'VJO Bear; 3 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
large yard; cheap.
X' ii 1 11 street.
Q -1 A FIFTH,— BUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
-0 ' "i dow room and kitchen, bath, no cnildren,
$12; also 2 sunny iront housekeeping rooms, $11.
i olsom .street.
9J.1 PI FOLB O M, NEAR TWENTIETH-
~t: 1 O Housekeeping rooms and . single; (as,
bath and stationary washtubs; rent very reason-
able: healthy location.
Jfc'ul t on Street.
1 Q FULTON— TWO SUNNY CONNECTING
XO rooms, furnished for housekeeping; b>uh, gas.
Geary Street.
99- GEARY — HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS,
__•> suitable for dressmaker; business location,
QQA GEaß\— 2 ROOMS FURNIbHEIT FOR
OOKJ housekeeping; rent $12.
xi«w_rd . Mr«»..
091 HOWARD— SUITE OF FRONT HOUSE-
O^jX keeping rooms; rent $15.
979 c HOWArtD-LARGE SUNNY SUITE
_. I iL*J for housekeepg; bath; range; reasonable.
J-iyde Street.
9QA HYDE— I BACK PARLOR, COMPLETE
ZiOxJ for "housekeeping; rent $10.
- fee arn r Street.
9QA KEARNY-2OK » ROOMS.FURNISHED
£O\J for housekeeping, with coal or gas stove.
Lui'kiii - ree .
/19Q LABKIN ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
it— ■•* rooms for housekeeping; terms very rea-
sonable. ■ -....• -.' . ■ : 1
1 (\l\in. LARKIN— FLOOR OF » .-UXNY FUK-
-IUUO nisbed rooms, for housekeeping; $20.
Lewis Street.
"1 f> LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, POST-
JLU large room and kitchen, furnished complete:
$12. ■ :
■ Mission Street.. .
"I 999 MISSION ST.-SUNNY FRONT AND
• X _._■_, back parlor; furnisiied for housekeeping.
1 9P.1 MISSION, COR. NINTH— 2 SUNNY
J-_.OI hon-ekeeplng rooms: $10.
>vtoina street.
CXX N ATOM A— -ROOMS FOR HOTJSE-
-000 keeping, with yard, $8. .
New Siontgomery .street.
■I AC NEW MONTGOMERY— FUR-
x\JO nisued housekeeping suites, $1 75: suite, 3
rooms, 42.
-Ninth Street. . .
9-1 NINTH — SUNNY SUITE .OF ROOMS
-1 for light housekeeping, gas, stove; also
single. , _^ - ..-■ . ■ '
-'• i oik street. ' '
191 POLK-FURN isij ED BACK BLOB
1-1 V and kitchen; lar^e front room; running
water: single. -^ ;•
■ Post Street.
rr-i r POST-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
I JLc) rooms: reasonable rooms for housekeeping.
cuteiilU t.r00..
■I At) SEVENTH— GIRARD HOUSE; SUITES
x "i — and kitchen: also single rooms.
' south Park.
"I A SOUTH PARKt-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
-LV furnished; son all day. ■  ■' • '
- _utter Street. -'
'7Q9 BUTTER, NR. JOXES-NICELY FDR.
I O_< nlshed housekeeping rooms: rent cneap. •
Tenth Street.
m. TENTH, NR.MARKET— LARGE FRONT
sunny room for light housekeeping. .
' 'lurk street. '
RiO TURK— LARGE ; FRONT BOOM ;V COM- i
*Jri O plete tor housekeeping; bath; gas; $12. >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
lIOUSKKKKPING ROOMS — Continued.
'X we If Hi Street.
IK TWELFTH, COX. HOWABD-NICELY
i Ji) furnished housekeeping rooms; rent re-
duced. ■:< . • 
Iwenty-smh Street. '
OQ£7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MI«SION->
•)OD I Desirable furnished housekeeping rooms;
yar.l ; low rent. .
| ;\u.u >caM Avenue.
909 VAN NESS AYE.— FRONT SUITES OF
_.O_j 2 and 3 rooms partly or completely fur-
nished, with separate kitchen and g»s r.ince.
ItOOJls 'xi» L£i. : '.., ]'■■ .
l)iuu Mrce:. ; .
bush— PRIVATE FAMILY; 2 NEWLY
I — U furnished rooms for gentlemen; one $5, one
$7 per month, Including gas. ■
1 AA')B BUSH.COR. JONES— SINGLE OR EN
IUU-. suite. .;
tddy Street.
UEDDY - FURNISHED BOOMS SINGLE
and double, 25c to 50c a night; $1 50 to $3 a
week.
Eighth Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st., near X ark furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining daiiy papers: 'smoking-room and ladles''
parlor; open all night; rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50; week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; lire es-
tapes: elevator on office floor; annex 0f.65 rooms
cow ready :hot and cold water In each room: baths.
r rilF. KAJUONA. 130 ELLJS. . M B". KATSI
1 HART, mr.nacer— A quiet house: centrally Io- - 1
ruled: newly lurnished: elevator: not A cold wa>r.
ill lit Mreei.
1 OQ FIFTH-CARNARVON CASTLE: NlCE-
j.\t'Jly furnishea rooms by day or week; from
SI 26 up per week. •
991 FIFTH— SUNNY ROOMS; SUITES OR
—..— l l single; $1 up per w^ek. '
• l'olscim street.
QC 71" FOI.SOM ST.. NEAR SIXTH— FUR-
i.») I '»• nisi ed front room; suitable for two: $6
a month. • ,
Fourth Street. • '
99 r FOURTH — ROOMS ' SUITABLE FOR
_._«..) light housekeeping.
ueary Street. ,'-^'
MARTINETTI, 1101 GEARY. SW. COR. VAN
Ness— Suites and singles; newly lurnished.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 A GOLDEN GATIS — SUNNY DOUBLE
— JX.O front room; grate: and single; cheap.
uunurit ■ Sirte..
QOI HOWARD-PA KLORS FURNISHED OK
ODI unfurnished: very nice. •
QAQ HOWARD— FUKNISHEiJ ROOM SUITA-
yUO.Ue for a gentleman. MRS. L. DEAN.
A»» ' 1 HOWARD-PLEASANT KOOMS, WITH
i/Ou2 crate; rent cheap.
no ( | Hi WARD, CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
i)CtJ furnished suites $3 60 a week; slncl? beds,
$1 25 to $1 50: double beds, $1 60 to $2 iOaivwic
1 1 .)Q HOWARD— CLEAN, QUIET, SUNNY
\X.£V rooms: $1 weekly; front, $5 up.
Hyde Street.
HYDE — NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
with closet; gas: suitable for 1 or 2: $0 mo.
Join-* street. .
fin 7 .TONES— VAN WINKLE: NEW
— V 1 management; elegant sunuy suites and
single; newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s3o. |
Kearny Street.
,'. PWKOTOS HOUSE. J27 KEABNT —
/\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and elngle; tits'.
1 usini'vvrv respect: terrn^ reasonable. , ;
I TV" _W AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
j i-> corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
— Mi-kin Street. .
QIQI LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
Oli/)! front suite, $13: single rooms, $6; privi-
lege light housekeeping. -
Market Street.
707 MARKET — ELEGANT SUITES AND
lot single rooms, newly furnished and carpeted.
V* ObKMJT- »OUSE. 10*5 HAKKKT- I'KB
1 night. 35c 10 SI : week. *1 60 10 $5: families.
Mason street.
-I AO MASON— FIRST FLOOR, SUNNY FUR-
Ju- nlshed rooms for housekeeping; also for
office. . ' ' - '^ ______
'JO/- MASON — NICK SI:N.NY KOOAia
tJ_jU suite or single; also housekeeping rooms.
ttlMpO >l:« 8..
AOA MINNA - SUNNY SINGLE FUR-
trOrt Dished front room; cheap.
Mission Street.
£Q9 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
UO— ii y rrovns; quiet place: prices reasonable.
AN COCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family, rooming-house; $1 60 to $ti per week.
Cl A MISSION ST.. NEAR FOURTH— ELE-
-OJ. U gantly furnished rooms for gentlemen and
their wives or single gentlemen; rents reasonable.
i OBt Street.
CAT POST — RANDOLPH HOUBK, COR.
O\J 1 Mason: changed hands; thoroughly reno-
vated; 50 bay-win ow parlors; smaller rooms;
$1 50 to $4 per week: $6 to $18 per month.
i'oivell Street.
m POWELL— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
1— ;O rooms: newly papered and furnished: cars;
changed bands.
Sixth Street.
1 Ql SIXTH— NICK SUNNY FRONT SUITE,
1 • >■: suitable for bath or manicuring: cheap.
OQ SIXTH — QUIJiT SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
lor MXTH- CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
LZ. iO nicely furnished sunny single and double
rooms.
KUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 isIXTH— OPEN
ail night rooms: 25c to $1 per . night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
Stock; on ntree:.
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
-1 nlshed rooms, en suite or single: hot. cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
Taylor Street.
"I AQ TAYLOR — SUNNY DOUBLE ROOMS,
IV ' •) $2 week; also large parlor suite; cheap for
gents. .■ ' ' ' -.
1 or TAYLOR— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
I_.U suitable for lor 2 ladies; privileges. ■
Valencia Street
nnr VALENCIA— 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
_.Ui) bay-window rooms hot and cold water: $12.
BOAKl>l>*« ANl> KOO3IS.
n/yTLEAviNWORTH- SU^^y'^TrNe'k
1. I' J suites; single; excellent table; rates mod.
090 GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
C~O ny rooms: i>ulte or , single: board' op-
tional; terms very reasonable: alto table board.
UN NY FURNISHED KOO .8 FOX itK.V.
tlemen. with board. 1401 Van Ness, cor. Bush.
a 1 9 EDDY — LOVELY SUNNY PAIiLOKS
_:1 _ t and other rooms, with board: $20 up. > ' \.
OTi-L BEKTLING, 714 iiUsH— A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences. .-■:
CaiLl)liJ_N BOARl>iiLi.
/ . . . '_,_, rx -: r ;; '_._, r^
A MOTHER'S PERSONAL CARE; SUNNY,
healthful rooms; sandy yard; wholesome
food; reasonable terms: references., A. R., box
94, fal Office.
fcTOKKa •: o LET.
TTT^FiTij^rrH^s^CL^L^ToirET^^^
rt 1 U for mr retail trade. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN i CO., 14 Montgomery s .
9 NICE, LARGE LIGHT SI ORES ON FILL-
Ad more St.. near Pine; rent reasonable. Apply
BOVEE. TOY 4 sONNTAG. -
9 NICE. LARGE LIGHT STORKS ON STOCK-
— * ton st. . near Sutler; rent reduced. Apply
BOVEE, TOY <& SONNTAG, 30 Montgomery st.
Cl GEARY— CoRNEK STOKE, SUITABLE
«JIO for restaurant; all conveniences; low rent.
fOE STOKE 3 ROOMS: LIGHT CELLAK.
«fls—.«J. 1128 Howard st., near Seventh. .': • * t - '.;;
1)AKBB«-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
X> llshed 16 yea $18 per mouth; key at 538
becond st. ;■>••..:.••.;.• • . "
1 aipenter- .bop: $7 per month. 5 V* Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ond at. .
■■ P.umbing-sbop; $6 per month. 8 De Boom St.;
key at 539 second «t. , : .
Corner store, 531 (second St.; 914 per month;
key at 639 second st. ,-■ ■: . "'■?■:■■■-:'.,-:■■
I "I Q Tt-.NIH — LARGE: STORE, SUITABLE
HO for grocery, liquor: perfect order; cheap. -
TORE; SUITABLE FOR DELICACY ,OK
butcher-shop. 118 Fillmore st. ■ /^
TORE. 1624 HOWAKD. CO it LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent. :
T LOW KENT— PART OF STORE AND
basement. • 324 Pos'. St. :
• - OFFICES to Let. ' ' ; J
TT7Tg S rfA^K J ET^E_EC3ANT SUNNY TTuN^
J i)"O furnished offices; term* reasonable; suit-
able for doctor or dentist. -.. .- ; : .. ; : ; . .-,.;,
ESKROOM. SECOND FLOOR, KOOM.. 3,
Mills building. . ;.......-. ..---, ."■.■..
8 MASON,, COR. MARKKT-NICKLY FUK-
nlshed sunny offices fronting on Market. ; ■ - ,
TFHSONAM,
WniHOGBB LILLENTHAL LEAVE HIS
V>.addr-83atM. R., box 79, Call Olhce.
TO PARENTS TRAVELING— LADY OFFERS
home to one or two children: infant not ob-
jected to: every care and comfort: healthy cli-
mate; British Columbia. Address, .with, particu^
lars, to Muter. -b0x. 60, Call offlie. .
|>ARTINGTON'S t-CHOOL Of MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms.' etc.. 424 Pine at.; Illustrations luruished
for magaznes, ne-.yspapers, etc.
HE TALK OF THE TOWN— NEW
Creameries 35c dinners, including wine; try
one: mv lc during meal hours. 725 Market si.,
near Third. : '■ .
W ILL GENTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
*' please leave address a: 1215 Union st. |
OY. 14 YEAKS OLD, LEFT HOME -WITH,
out permission of parent on December 25;
any information of his whereabouts will be thank-
fully receive.l: bo.'s name "WILLIE. P. GIO-
VANNONI, 411Vs B^y St. . .. ;
■RHEUMATISM/ " ■-■■-
XV The curse of the age; that with its
twin, NEUitALHIA, lies as a scourge upon our
fair city, can dp cure.l by taking
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO MEDICATED BATHS
and in no other way.
Try them ib: once and you will be
convinced and you will be urging your friends
to try them, having been cured yourself.
DR. SMITH'S CATARRH INHALENT Is a sure
cure: 50c per bottle. -Address 1533 Buchanan st.
RTISTIC H AIBUKEsM.NU, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff i cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market at., room 28.
A BOON TO MANKIND.
Professor de Roo's Rheumatic Oil. Having
suffered for over 20 years wi:h this dreadful dis-
ease and tried all possible menus to alleviate the
pains, I at last have discovered a remedy which
relieve the same: price fl a bottle; orders from
the country promptly executed. Call or write
PROFESSOR C. J. DX ROO, 818 Geary St.; hours,
8 a M. to 12 K. and 2 to 4 Y. m. ,
DVICE FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clally: private: no charge unless successful:
oil lawsuits, I claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W.HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H »ND LA-
dies' and gents', clothes. Mrs. HAHS 316 3d.
i THJi PEOPLE'S O-SJi. DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 3 0291/2 Market ou,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. (.'at,
AIR-DRESsTng~THAT Is NEAT AND AR-
tistlc and that suits the face, only 25c: sham-
poo (with patent dryers) and plain hair-dressing.
lijc; Qtiiuonia hair tonic strengthens the hair:
price 35c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St., near-
est Geary.
rpHE ANIMAToSCOPf, THE PERFECT
J. screen ..machine. For: price of hand or motor
machir.es call or address Animatoscope Company,
933 Market su r San Francisco, seventh floor.—
1 R. C. E. .FARNI'M HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrots building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. .-.03.
UPTUKE AND PILES CURED; No Pa V
until cured:- send for book. DRS. MANS-
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market, at. '
AGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses thelclnetoscopenlms; price $250.
BACIGALU PI. 946 Market st. /
I?REK FXHIBITION TO-DAY — RESTAU-
. rant, hotel men and private families cordially
invite 1 to cull and Inspect Prengel's new broiling
system; meal broiled by this process remains
tender ami retains nil juice. ' Ladles, no black
fingers or soot; restaurant, parlors < ontierted with
exhibition: meals. American or European styie;
highest sold medals. 124 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunion*, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
(Jills CLEANED. i-KtiasKU, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131 Montgomery, r. j6 tel. red 2374.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
• » Ing, painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
(£• I A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS A.T Wli<-
<Pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market. .
BIG OUTDOOR STEREO PTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
Li CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., nr. Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVi-. YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBE'S. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVOKCK A D AN L EN 1' UK MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address )ock box F, 9i)6 Market st., F. .
Iberal advances ON diamond^, J t w-
i elry, etc.; lowest rates. 948 Market st.
lAnn CARDS, $160. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
XUUU.TeI. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary at.'
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. .
TvLOA ks7Tu~KS AND SUITS RETAILED Ai -
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 San some st.
; UKIissvJIAKEKS.
SUITS SIADK FKOM $3 til*; SKIRTS, 75c;
capes. $1: fl ruaranteed. 659y2 Stevenson st.
»" CLAIKVOYAXTS.
mrs. dr. F. clark, THE WORLD'S most
famous medium of. modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces,' separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds > and . mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do :o be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever h-fore.
Hours 9a. si. to Bp. ir.. strict. N. B.— Sa isfaciloQ
guaranteed by mall. send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLa RK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excej.ted;, names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov« by svmpatuy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st-, nr Larkln.
V , M~K. LENE.MAR— FORTUNES TOLD BY
''' planets; predicted in '74 passengers of over-
due steamer being on island. 815 Mission St., near
Fourth, room 2. • '
\\ ISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTUKK
I'l future husband or wife, Sue. 703 1 / Howard,
ME. MOKE AU, BEST CLAIKVuYAN i'
and medium in city: fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
YPSY QUEEN RETURNED- MAGNETIC
healer and card-reader. 1 Fifth St., room 1. :
K\ B. BAUMANN, REST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. - Residence 132 Turk st.
V-JME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i" business advice: names given ; 25c up. 6 Fourth
\\ MX. MABEL WOODS*. CARD UKADERAND
l'» magnetic healer: charms. Rm. 8, 207 Pont st.
RS. DX.HA RT N ELL 14 E l U I I N ED ; C L . I R-
voyant and > divine healer. 8 Mason St., r. 26.
ME. SYKILLE TELLs FROM CRADLK TO
grave;plctures friveu:lad!es 25c: I*l4 O'Farrell.
VI ME. HANS.- N. PAIMIVI , c ARi'-KKaDKR;
i'l past, present and future; 25c. 148 bih st., r. 5.
ME. WALTERS OKI EH AM A; C ,11U^; LA:
dies, 25c: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th. ,'
VI YPSY LUE - READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st. , nr. Market; ladles 'Joe, gents 50c.
\1 ME. LEGEI lE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
l'l advice; 25c: une price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. HHJHUI 1 , CLAli<\ wYANT. TELLS
past, present and future: success to all; tuc-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st. :.
FORTUNES TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truths. 1635 liyde s'.. .' .;
me. ruth HARRISON OF N. V., MAG-
netic hea'er; card-reader. ':R. 17, 109 a Powell.
tiIUHLALIvu.
SAN FRANcisCANS, IS THERE TRICKERY
and ii'.imhii:;'.' ■ ■ •
PROFE^>oR WILBIAM, world's medium,
challenges creation by his astonishing tests and
feats In clairvoyance. , Brine him your business
troubles, sickness, love affair*, etc; $1. 124 Sixth
St., Carroll buiMinz. ~- -■-.'. ■ ■
RE YOU SICK AND TROUBLED? BE RE-
lieved by the great spiritual healer and mag-
netician, Mme. Gray, room 19, . Grand southern,
Seventh and Mission.
ME. SPIHITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a specialty. 83* Mis-
sion st. . ~_^ :
rs. Barclay, spiritual medium and
magnetic healer: sluing* ually. Room 10,
110 Sixth 5t...V.. ._
•J»J/' MCALLISTER— c. J. MEYER;
ij£\J test meetings every night. 10c- Tue., Wed. A
Fn., 2 p.m.; trance cir., Sat, eve 25c; bus, ai'.itngs *l
KS.i J. J. ' WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test -medium and .life reader. 218
Stockton sL (;.', .:.,' . .
RS. FULTON, MATERIALIZING SEANCE
ton ght; 50c; sittings daily. 31 Fell st. . '
riIEST CIRCLK TO-NIGHT (10c~BY MME
1 YOUNG. New hall, 418 McAllisters'.
MRs.C. CORNELIUS, TEST AND BUSINESS
medium; circle Mon. and Wed. 1346 Market st
RS. h,LLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TOB, $1;
circles Tues., Fri.. 2 p. , m., 25c. 233 Valencia,
•M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
- .writer. 118 Hale ht St.; hours 9 until 6 pm.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM BCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
XX' sucress Kfld.Hvpno;lcMesmerlclns,6O'Farre.l
■'•■ •"'/ - jVKOFKSSIONAjI. 'CARDS:' *.
JOHN E.RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM-*
«J 26 and - 27, Crocker ■ building; . lelepuoua Maui
75, San Francisco,' CaL :v- ■/,"':..•-
-OHN R. AiTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
mtys a. law. rms 515,51t>. s'.h noor, Parroit uldi j
. li rsr;v;;£>V'-K HOTELS. ;,-ii;-i",^
TTrOOKLYN^SoTEL, 208-212 BUSH^ST^
• < > board and room $1 to (2- per day, (6 to $12
per weetc: choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: : first-class
service; free coach, i CHARLES MONTGOMERY,
CATION AL.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: [20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. -
ADV TEACHES PIANO AND MANDOLIN
XJ. thoroughly; 60c a lesson; excellent pianist and
accompanist for entertainments and parties. 1209
Octaylast. - ' ' -
A YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3*)
A Montgomery at. ;' Individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc..
We scholarship $50: Ir.w rate-t per week and mo.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND ' BCSIN X- S
College, 723 Market st. , students trained: office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NOjNJ2.jb.IUNU SCHOOL; MECH.. ELb.\X,
civil, mining, survey, assay, Brchit., X ray
tauithv:es.lB64. A. VAN DERNAILLKN.723 Mkt
TJOOKKEKPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
X> or year's course free; only accountant teachiu*
TARR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
 ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
i> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
on Mace. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. o. F. block. 7th and Mies
NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS: ENG-
lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell Si.
OICE, DRAMA, ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof. ROSS, Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to a
BANJO THOROUGHLY TAUGHT; 60c A
lesson. 6J3 Eddy st. : call bet. 7 and 9 p. if. , '
PROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X mandola:terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
LRENCH LEARNED EASILY. TAUGHT BY
X a graduate from Paris. .J.. box 10, Call Office.
/I UITAR. MANDOLIN. PiANo AND VOCa.L
VT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
UOOKKPNG, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day & night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
■VI IGHT«CHOOL;HhALD'» BUS.COLLEOE;24
J-ii Post ;rommercial,Bborthand. English :low rates.
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDoLiN.
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German laneuages:s2mo. 109Taylor,r7.
SILSICAL IKSTItUMJSNTS.
RE CONfI^MPLAYFNG 'rHE^PUR-
ii. chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, Instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for $3,
$4 an l $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, *.-., $9 and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts; all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY <& CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnw»y«S Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Muter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal. ; Portland. Or.; Seattle, .vv ash. . ■
Wl X HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
• ' the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:.
just received; it is Impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak pulnt: sole
agents for Ivers <& Poud, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Hay lies and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AN D LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms e.isy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to'please ttnd satisfy the
customer. ' .
A CTUaLLY TH BEST BARGAINS IN PC-
-. V anos; »cc our list for this week; pianos on $i,
$4, $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
lree anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO,
salesrooms 933 Market at., opp. Mason.
AINES, BUSH & GERTS AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; finn second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post sU
LUNE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. IN PERFECT
X 1 order, great bargain; French upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO MAUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
PIANOS SOLD, RENTED, TUNED, RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than ■ any other firm in tue city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes Bt.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
J\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ius. aliments. EATON. ESTATE, 735 Market.
"3JTE7J J-:MKKSON rosewood piano for
tjptjU. saleon $6 installments. 221 Leaveoworth.
SHAW, STEINWAY $260, CHICKERING
$185; great bnrgains.s4 mo HEINE.I 36 EDI*.
Vine upright PIANO and AHRADHAKP
X) cheap. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
(]UI C(V DECKER BROS.': IS GOOD ORDER.
© LOU. BRUENN'S piano home, 228 Post. .
EAUITFUL Bi-.CHSJ'EIN: IN USE ONLY 4
XJ mouths: sacrifice. E. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
TV! AGNIFICE"n~T STEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
IVI t-chubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019VanNejs
. G. BADGEII. SOLE A 'ENT FOR HALLET
.it Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacta
IJYRON MALZY, 308 PuSi' ST.— >OHMEJ^,
I J) N ewbv <fc Evans. Briges and other pianos. .-..,»,
C-UPJiKIOK VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 l.a.ham place.
DOLLAR A WfcjtK OX RENT . CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Kills st. . ' :
4 Wr«K'S NEWS FOR 5 [CENTS — TH»
"V WEEKLY CALL. in wraDoer. for mailine.
MEDICAL.
NK\V REMEDY THAT JS PERFECTLY
harmless: never falls in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. So electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to maku well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. Dr. <£ Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours. 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 P. M.
A 1-ROCt.SS THAT NEVER i-AIL^TOKE-
A store every case of. monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
nnd others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable: • first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY. 112 a
Market st., over the Owl Drua store.
H. LET'S FRKNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter . whet cause) : positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per'box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
NEW PROCESS— SO MEDICINE, ■NSTRU-
men i or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day; can
be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL. alB Kearny..
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION |
restored in a Jew hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home In confine-
ment; consult free: (oniidentlal: hour*. 10 to 5. ;-
MRS. DR. YETH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
RS. GOODWIN, SPKCIALIST: .LADIES.)
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
tree diagnosis: low fees; self cure. 004 MoAllistersu
LPKAL'S FRENCH PILL*-A BOON TO
ladles with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure: $2 50 i xp;eis C. o. D ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
SURE CURE FOR ALL, if.MALE Dl4-
eases, from whatever cause; home In conflne-
saen;; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. PR.GWYER, 226 Turk
ON'T FAIL TO CONsuLT Dii. JuKDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Maritet St.: bis 30 yean
successful practice Is a guarantee of. fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
<5l \f\f\ PAID FOR A .-E 1 FAIL TO CURE
«JUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DX. 5C0T1.825 Geary
VTICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFIN.KMKNT
1> at the most reasonable price In the city. MRS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012Fo!som St.
U PRAK'S FEMALK Rr GULATINH PILLS;,
safe and efficient emmenavogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS <& CO..druggists, 406 Clay st.,sole
F. LYING-IN (PRIVATi ) - IIOMh.; DIS-
• eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 eighth St., Alameda.
F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and berontent. 4th.
1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STRIiKT, Ni.AK
1J Jones. Diseases of women and children. • '
HOUSES. .
jTTIU)KSES~~FI)R^ 'SAl^TalSO^w'aGOS^
tv buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth st,: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN &DOYLE, Auctioneers.
riUif. EMPORIUM. SALES YARDS, 22U VA.
X lencla st., is the place to golf you want to buy.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons 'or.hair-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
t/wj bJiT NEW AND r-ECON WiA.\u 11 A it-
O\J\f i, ess: all kinds; buggy.wagon, carts, surra? -
& rockawav. 40 cheap horses. 15th ami Valencia.
HEAP— FINE HOR-jE AND DUMP-CART.
J Inquire 1232 Valiejo St., near Hyde, In rear.
JUNE 6-YEa"r~OLD MARK; SUITABLE FOR
business or private use. 605 McAllister. ;." :;-"■.'."-.•
C/\ HEAL- DRIVING A.M' WOKtv' HOP.SiiS;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. ; 8«2 Howard st. "
,'>?: ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW. : j .-_,'
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
alty: private; no charge unless successful; all'
law suits, cUlms, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Markeu
ONSCIENTIOUS, RELIaBLp. ATIOKNEY;
all business strict. v confidential ; terms rea-
sonable; best references; U.S. ana Stats courts. L.
EPHILLIFS,9I-9J Supreme Court 1i1d,305 Larklo
A DVICE FREE; No CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
ii cessful. J. G. JEFFRKSS. 632 Market, rm.23.
W. KINO, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tatlon free; probate: all cases: fees low.
DVIC'KFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO
cessf uL W. W. DAVIDSON - 927. Markets:. •
' ' , STORAGE. :-•'■;.-,.. :..--:L : :.-:.■
TORAGE— C^^A^E^tTn^H^ClTyTflß&
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln. ;*,
.Tj-M-RNITURE. , PIANOS. > TRUNKS: AD-
X vanee* snipping. CiiAa. L. XAVLoK.'-'QI I'Qii. ; ,
CITY REAL ESTATE. ~
CC. BEMIS, -*^~-~~r~r"
. REAL estate AND LAND agent,
324 montgomery st.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road. ■ -
8450— CarK>i Villa lot; 100x160 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson at., overlook-
in c the Presidio and bay. :
$15000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 26x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make oner.
JBsoo— Elegant NW corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lo'.s north of park.
. Bargain— SW. cor. Fifm ay. and U st. : 109x95 ft.
HOUSE AND LOT: 2 FLATS. BRYANT AY J5.,
bet. 2lst and 22d sis. .-
BARGAIN- f6SOU: DELIGHTFUL MODEKN
residence: 8 rooms and bath: splendid condi-
tion: magnificent marine view; 3203 Pacific aye.,
one door west Central »ye.: owner forced to leave
city: will sell at sacrifice or rent a: $40 per month.
quire 011 premist-s or at room ~00, Phelan bldg.
4 l'Z.(\ WILL BUILD A 4-KOOM COTTAGE.
\JO\J with batbro6m: all complete. GEORGE
M. SALS BURY, Builder, 2010 Ellis st.
A(\(\l\ FUR balk or EXCHANGE. ■--■,
(JptivV/V/. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bam: high basement; brick
foundation; bay. windows; lot S-'.xltiO. .
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
- ■ " ■ ■ 14 Montgomery »t.
COUNTRY , KEAL KSTATK.
ACRES, BOUNDED BY TVVONEVER-FAIL^
ing creeks; finest soil; Viof a ml!e from city
limits Snnta Rosa; small hi use anil barn; finest
vegetable or chicken farm; easy terms. J. T. PE-
TERS, Mills building. ■
ON ACCOUNT OF DISAGREEMENT IN PAM-
. ily, a 30-acre home near banta Rosa will be
sacrificed; 26 Hire- bearing- in orchard and vine-
yard: good improvements; stock, tools and every-
thing included; price $5000; cost owner $7500.
Address J. 8., box 71, Call. - .
A TTENTION— W AYE 83 ACRES
x\ land near Pleanaiiton that must be sold at
once: product last year 700 sacks or barley and 60,
tons of hay; all fenced; 4 flowing springs; owner
will take $36 per acre if taken mediately. Ala-
meda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building. , :
KND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
ajl'i. .i\l\ AM. ABOUT TO GO EAST; WILL
Hd£O\J\.>. sell my 60U-acre ranch at a sacri-
fice; ' all level; . plenty of water; . farming or graz-
ing; U. P. patent: San Luis Obispo Cout:ty. Call
or address G> ORGE SWAIN, 720 Na:oma st.
. ITTLK HUMKS, UJiUsiC T. > TOW.N; IM-
-J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 aud 10 years' credit. D. H. TWIN Soaoiu*
City: every Monday nl 632 Market Rt.. S. F. . ' .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
Q>l Oflfk ROOM COTTAGE FOR SALE:
tj»l— \J\J . no cash; only $15 monthly; also a
new 8- room house and lot: f3O monthly; no cash
down. ALDEN & CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
u^orwjn house and lot to trade
«JpOUUU. for Los Angeles property: also cot-
tage and 2-story house to trade for country prop-
erty. ALDEN & CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ffl. I C l\t\t\ '1O LOAN ON GOOD SECURITY.
3D I U.UUU ALDEN <& CO., 802 Broadway,
Oakland.
<Q>rr c TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
up I O lots In the town of r'itchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward.*
and San Leandro local line, by the. Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; .term* to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KVNKLK, owner, ylsVa Washington su,
Oakland. Cal. ■ ■■ , •■ ■ ■
wt-\ f\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN'
I«JU. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: pood improvements.
H. B. PINNKY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND fI'KMTIKE fOR SALE.
H'KaK DIAMONDS IS . j-a 1 KuN IZKNii * H
»' SCHELLHAAS, furniture-dealer. 11th. OaKld
ALAIIEDA ADVERTISEMENTS-
JIIAMEDA . KKAL , KSTATE.
•Y^iTcanI?UKCHAS;'. H.'MES WITH RENT
X money; there is no use trying to argue, bouse
renting does not pay the man who pays rent;
reflect, resolve, and act at oik call and inspect
the beautiful homes we offer for sale on remarka-
bly easy terms. lieady for inspection : ?325ti. Hand-
some co! tug* of 8 rooms: latest improvements:
choice comer lot, 50x101); magnificent view; the
prettiest In town. '
$2850 — Elegant 6-room cottase, close to Grand-
street station (broad gauge); all latest Improve-
ments. ■'• /-N :■.';-. .•?: ',
$2500— Colonial cottage. 5 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, Bay-street atatlou
broad gauge), Alameda. . 628 Market at., S. F. ;
office open Sundays an holidays. ' . .'
BJiKivl^x.jrJi RivAL hhTAm
fii i"c"n a" the biggest bakgTik"of"the
<!pi.DUv/. season; house of 6 rooms, bath, stable,
chicken-house: 5 minutes' walk from station.
JOS. J. MASON. Bericplev.
BKKKKLKY MOUSKS. '
oT^FoB~REVr-TWO NlCEcbf-
taees, North Berkeley; fine view; one block of
depot. Inquire at Thompson's Hotel.
I'KurKltTV iv IiXCIIANUii. ''
FOR SAN FRANCISCO IMPROVED: MOD'
era cottage close to business center of Oakland;
7 rooms and bath: value $3500: clear: will pay
$1000 to $2000 d ffereuce. WM. J. DINGEE.46O
Eighth st., Oakland.
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale, WOOSTBR & WHITTON. Baa JOl9.
rpiMBER— I-80 ACRES; KERA CO.: PLENTY
1 water: excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16, Cat!.
PROFKKTV WANTED,
ANTED FOR CASH— COTTAGE: ALA-
meda or Oakland; near local; $1200. SPECK
<fe CO , 602 Market st .
JIONEV TO LOAN.
(Biffin (\f\f\ AT H Va PER CENT ON CITY
«3PGUU. wUU real estate: also Oakland, estates, !
life Insurance, second mortgages any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
AIiVA.^CES oN l/iAAiy.\i.a, \\ ATCHKd^
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. -BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings. ' -, ~
NY AMOUNT; IST, £l>.O"lt 6U MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos ...without removal.
WcCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery si., room 3.
WI>JE . A.ND SAVE I.Mi.Kr.SI —MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
IRKCT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market d.
<Bi'-}\)^ linn Al> .BANK KATE.-: IST AND
ijpOZiAJ.UUU 2d mortc;aees. estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as 50. H. MURPHY. 628 .Market
ON FURNITURK AND PIaNOS; WARRANTS
casned. BCRIBNER & CO, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl>-rk TO $50, ; LuWKsT KAir.: i>T<ft3O
&O\J mortgage; tlat or instlmnt. Drr<!en, 535 Cal,
» D^ANCKS ON DIAMONDS, JKVVKr.RY,J-:TC
J\v>i imM". l.nnn >t ' o'laleral Office. 3 "rant ay»
l'A\> MiItoKKHS.
TTIOHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OF If
II clnthini;. Cosmopolitan loan Office, 49 Third.
UJKNTISTS.
DR. L. T. work, bridge and teeth without
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. : 336 Sutler. NX. cor. Stockton.
djjrr FULL ai«.T OF ii-.ii.TH Woiti'ii $16:
O I . warranted 6 years: extraction free: tilling!
f Oc. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st.
■■pOSITIVKI.Y PA 1 LESS EXTRACTION.
L DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter; tel. main 5375. -
R. JES>UP, DENTIST, -FuHSIKKLV SUT-
ier and Monte'y, can be found 318 Kearny st.
HAL*ANT<Je iH-ii.I'ANT, MOVi.D jj ROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspecialty.
COLIU.N Dt.MAIj Af>6«OCl.-» »'lO>. »0b lilAlt-
/ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
(jl^rj A BET FOX i i-.K 1 11— *V A 1 .HA Ad
0 I good as can be made; filling $1 DR. MM Ms,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwlu 1 heater.
■pAINLtaS hXTUAUI'IO.V, 50c: CROWN
x bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13.yearj'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DX. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MAKKh.I' ST., .NX.
Eleventh; • no charge . for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
VUU SET OK TEETH, »7: FILLING. 50c;
X crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
SET Of' TEEI'H \VlTjiuUM' a fX,Ji.l\tC -Hit,
0 H. G. Young. 1841 Polk a-
-1 \K. J. J.LC..B.K, .MAttKM, IiULUES
•U Gate aye. ; open even in Mindnvi till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, ?i)t MAR-
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
■ extracting, with gas, $1; plates: $5 up: fill. $1 up.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GEN LINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
j and patentee of Improved • bridge ■ work or teeth
without any plate, moved from to 20 O" KarrelU;.
LL WORK REASON ABLK AND WAit-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
; .' : Kmile Kleury. ~~*
To the outside world of '48 Colonel
Emile'-Fleary was nothing more than a
brilliant, dasning officer with a splendid-
record lor personal valor, but not other-
wise distinguished from, a host of simi-
larly 'endowed African campaigners, ex-
. '~ -
cept for a greater fund of amiability and
an utter absence of buckram, sruoqueness'.
and conceit. It is doubtful whether the
newly elected President of the republic
chose Major Fleurv — he was only a major
then — as a member of his military house-
hold for any but his social qualities.
Fleury was a viveur, so was Louis Na-
poleon. '-;-"• Fleurv was fond of woman's
society ; Louis Napoleon was too fond of
it. Fleury was a constant visitor to the
Comedie Francaiso and other theaters.
Louis Napoleon while an exile in London
was frequently seen at the wings, espe-
cially wnen there was a ; pretty actress in
the cast. ''It appears, commandant, that
you go behind the scenes," said the Presi-
dent shortly after his accession, when a
discussion arose about tne prosperity of
the house of Moliere. "You must have
some one to represent you worthily, ilon-
seigneur," was FJeury's ready answer. —
From Van Dam's "Undercurrents of the
Second Empire."
DIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with tbe name and residence of persons authorizeJ
to have the same published, j
KOK.V.
DAWS— In this city. January 4, 1897, to the wife
of William Daws, a son.
HATHAWAY_m this cltv. January 2. 1897. to
the wife of W. L. Hathaway, a daughter.
JACOBSON-December 31, 1896, to the wife of
| H. Jacobson, a son.
PERRY— In this city.. December 27. 1896, to the
wife of Edward Perry, a daughter.
MAUKIKI).
BOYD— REESE— In this city. January 1897,
by the Rev. J. P. Dixon, Robert Roytl and Louisa
Reese, both of han iTanc:scj. .: »-_••• • _
BRIGGS— GRIFFITHS— In this city, January 8,
1597. by ■-he Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Charts
Brlgits and Kate Griffiths, both 01 Mendocino
County, Cal. ■ •
HAVNES-FRALICK-In this city, January 7,
1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Molbry Haynes
of Stockton, Cal., and Marietta ii'rallck of South
i.i-nd, Ind
NETHEKTON— NETHERTON -In this city. Jan-
uary 6, JB»7. by the Rev. Dr K. K. Dille. Ed-
ward W. Netherton of Santa Cruz and Alice M.
Netherton of -Martinez Cal.
RU-SELL- STUHR— In this city, January 3,
1897, by the Key. W. D. Williams.. Francis R.
Russell and Emma hi u!ir, both or San Francisco.
WHITNEY — FERRY— In this city, December 21.
1893. by the Rev. W. D. Williams, Fred Mi Wnlt-
' nev and Josie E. Ferry, both oi san Francisco.
OU&D.
Allman, Alphrms Krusrrill, William
Bowers, Stephen C Len.z, Henry
Cran t. Adolpti McPhenion, caat. John
Cruden, Albeit Mora, Mary V.
« urran. -Margaret Mullaney, Patrick
Dwight, George G. Rudgear, Katie
Farro. Frances I. Shaffer, Oerd J.
Gallagher, Peter stilwell, Mrs. Louisa B.
Galvlu, Bridget- . straub.Mr*. Gertrude
Hansen, Arthur TrasK, Captain A. Y.
Hart. Michael Xeian, Francesco
Jaiuen,,lver Walsh, Uou^al M.
Warner, Philip U.
ALLMAN— In this city, January 7, 1897. Alphonse
Allman, late Custom-house Inspector, a native
or Switzerland, aged 46 years. A member of
the Iroquois Club and the San Francisco Grutll
Verein. »
JB3~Frieuds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of. Then dor Dierks. 957 Mission street, be-
tweeu Fifth and Sixth. Interment I. O. O. K.
Cemetery.
BOWERS— In San Quentln, January 8, 1897,
Stephen C Bowers, a native of Tennessee, aged
60 years 8 months and 17 da vs.
JO-Funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 11
o'ciocic a. m , from the residence of Ills son-in-
law, W. C. Morris, San Anselmo, Maria County,
Cal.
CRANER— this city. January 7, 1897. Adolph
H., beloved husband of .bertha craner. and
father of Carl Craner, a native of Prussia, aged
70rear3. f New York Journal please copy. ]
Friends and acquaintance? »r» respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORUOW
(Sunday). at 30:30 o'clock a. 11.. from his late
residence, 617V 3 Jesslf street, near .-ixtb.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock a.m. train from Third and Towusend
streets. «
CRUDEN— Ih this city. January 7. 1897. Albert
Cruden, father of Daniel Cruden, a native of
England, aged 51 year*.
CURRAN— In this city, January 8, 1897, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Simon Curran, mother of
Martin McDonougli. and sister of Mary Molloy,
Mrs. B. Ryan ana' Mrs. John Cawley, a natlvu or
Ireland,
js^* Notice of funeral her^af-.or.
DWIGHT— Ia this city, January 7,1837. George
Graves Dwight, a native of Massachusetts, age.l
66 years, g
FARRO— In this city. January 8, 'IHB7. Frances
Irene, beloved daughter or Manuel and Kittle
Farro (nee Connolly), a native of San Francisco, .
a I'd 4 months and 12 days.
tfß~Thn luneral will take plnre TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock i*. m . from the residence
v Ol her grandfather, Nicholas Connolly, 538
Ninth street. ..lnterment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. January H. ISO 7.
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Mary C4ai-
lather, father of Joseph, Edward, Tnomat, Mi-
le. Rose, William, Peter and Gertrude Ga -
lagher. and brother of Mrs. Mary Riiey, Tnomai
Gallagher and Mrs. -Maggie Wheeler of Virginia
City, a nutive or Ireland, a;ed 51 years.
Jt3" Friends and ncaunlntano«M ar» r«»snee^
fully invited-to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m. sharp, from hit
late residence. •_ 7 - Twetity-first street, neur
Bryant, thence .1 Su Peter's vJtiurch , where
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated tor the
repose of his soul, commencing a. 9 o'clock
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALVIN— In this city, January 6. 1897, Bridget
. Galvin, a native or Ireland, aged 63 year*.
HANSEN— In Mount Eden. January 8, 1897,
Arthur, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Han-
. sen, a native of California, a;ed 12 years 3
months and 20 days. ■ .
i^Frienili mi 1 ncanafntancei sire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(sundar), at 1 o'clock p. 11. Interment Mount
Eden Cemetery.
HART— In. this city. January 6. 1897, Michael
Hart, a native of California, aged SU year*.
JANSEN— In this city, Jnnu'ary 7, 3 897. Iver
Jansen, a native of Norway, aged 36 years 4
• months and ■'• days.
KRD&GRILL— In this city, January 8, 1897,
> William , beloved son of Jacob and Annie Ktus-
grlll. aged 3 months.
LENTZ— In Sonoma, January 3, 1897, Henry,
beioved husband of Augus c Lent*, and father of
Lizzie, Thomas and Catenae Lentzaud Mrs. J.
Jasperson, a native of Holstein. Germany, agel
62 yean. "■..:■■•■
McPHF.RSON-In this city, January 7. 1897,
at aOOO Golden Gat- avenue. Captain Join Me-
Phersou. beloved husband of Agues Mcl'tienon,
a native o. Glasgow, Scotland, aged 61 years and
'12. <iii-. i. . ■
A9~Frlend3 and acqnalntancei urn respect-
fnlly Invited to attend the fun<»ra! THIS I) v V
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the par-
lors of Craig & Cochran Co., 22 and 26 Mint
avenue.- Iniermen. Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train.
MORA— In this city, January 8. 1897, Mar y V..
widow of the lute v Iliiam Mora, -a native of
Santiago, Chile, ased 71 years.
jgjTNoitceof mtieral .ierc>;» '■
MULLANEY— In Oakland, January 7, 1897, Pat-
rick Mullaney. a native of Ireland, aged 82 years.
RUDGEAR— In Oakland. Katie, beloved wife of
An drew Rud gear, a native of Chicago, 111., a^ed
38 years. '
SHAFFER— In San Lorenzo, January 6, 1897.
Gerd J., beloved hnsband of Mar^reia K. Shaf-
' fer, and lather of Mrs. Lizzie HenricKson and
Heckle, Lou Henry, George. Fred and I arl
Shaffer, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 63
■ years »nd 11 months. A member of Eden Lodge
No. 204, A. O. V. W. -
- Funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 1
o'clock p. M., from bis la. residence in San
Lorenzo, iiuermen: San Lorenzo Cem»:ery.
STILWELL— In this city. January 7, 1897, Mm.
Louisa B. well, beloved wife of George W.
Siilwelk and mother of Henry c. and Charles
W. Stll^ll and Jessie M. Cliowu. a native of
Philadelphia, Pa.. a<;en ' 68 years and 9 months.
trie nils and acauaintancst nr* resp9a'.-'
fully invited to at:end the funeral THIS OvV
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the first
Presbyterian Chnrcu. corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street. Interment Mount
Tamalpais Cemetery, San Raaei. .
STRAUE— In Grizzly Fla", January 2. 1897. Mrs.
Gertrude Str^ub (nee Van Meter), beloved wife
- of Join Strau:>, and daugtiterof Sarah and the
late J. W. Van Meter, a native of Sacramento,
aged 2 a years.
TRASK— Portland, Or., January B, 1897 Cap-
tain A. V. Trask, a native 01 Maine, aged 64
years.
JKS"Notice of funeral hereafter.
VETKRK-In this city. January 6, 1897. Fran-
cesco, dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Angela
Vetelre. and father of Vincenzo,' Amaleo, A va-
Una and Francesco l.uigi Vetere, a native of
Ita:y, aged 41 years and 6 months.
JltyFriundi and ,-icquatn.ancei nrs respec;-
fully invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from .nls 'late
residence, 502 Seventh street, thence to Wash-
ington-square Hall, where services will be Meld
under the auspices o. Court Alcatraz No. 771!*,
"•'.' A. O. F., ; a:, 2 o'clock p. 11. Interment Italian
s Cemetery. '
WALSH— In this city, Dougal XI. Wash, a native
of Canada. a;ed 37 years. ,
WARNER— At the ; So:dlera' Home. Los Angeles
Couny, Cal.; January S. 1897, Philip H«driolt,
. husbanJ of Louise H. Warner, and father of
Esther Warner,, a native of Ohio, formerly of
San Francisco, aged 60 years. \.
* WIcAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
* FONKRALDIBECTOR3 A EMBALIIKBS, '
* 80 Fifth. St.. Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. ' : 7 r> <;':
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKMI* .
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in uo sens* ex-
«lu»lve: 'location unexcelled. otbc« tt(tl Mum
•urved touitttasi coru«r or nutu*
1516
TWO OFFICERS OF THE QUEEN
WILL BOARD THE SWANHILDA
They Are Confident That Frank Butler, the Murderer,
Cannot Possibly Make His
Escape.
COLONIAL MAN-HUNTERS
ARRIVE.
James McHattie and M. A. Conroy
Consult With Chief
Crowley.
STORY OF TWO MURDERS
RELATED.
Victims Who Were Lured to Lonely
Spots and Then Cruelly
Assassinated.
Some time within the next fifteen or
twenty days the Swanhilda, a four-masted
bark, now forty-seven days out from New
castle, Australia, will come sailing se
renely toward the Golden Gate. With
the first signal of its having been sighted,
A. T. O. PRESTON,
The young mineralogical student, whose
body was found in the Blue Hills. But
ler is supposed to have been his mur
derer.
a police tug will steam out to meet the
incoming bark, and in a few hours Frank
Butler, alias Harwood, the fiendish mur
derer of the Blue fclills, will be in custody
if— it is that "i." that will worry the local
officers considerably and the representa
tives of her Majesty Queen Victoria a
great deal.
Since the 12ih of December the Colonial
NEW TO-DAY.
:| An Authority Whom all |
I will Delight to Honor j
£ Golden Gate Kindergarten Association, <>
J> MRS. SARAH B. COOPER, PRESIDENT, < *
. I 4902 Vallejo Street. *
i San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 3, 1890. j!
You ask me if I know anything about the J I
Royal Baking Powder, and if I consider it free ! I
from all adulteration. I •
I am glad to be able to assure you that I < \
know, both from experience and from a chemical J I
analysis, that the Royal Baking Powder is a 2
5 pure, wholesome and dependable article. !►
Knowing the pernicious effects of deleter- <[
ious ingredients used in the preparation of food, J[
especially in that indispensable article to every j!
family — BREAD — I have taken great pains to !>
ascertain what I could safely use in my own <>
home, and recommend to the many mothers <|
I with whom I constantly come in contact in our j!
work among the children. I regard the Royal !'
Baking Powder as a boon to the household
5 and a benedictioh to the race.
v Very sincerely yours,
officers have been chasing the red-handed
murderer, and now tbey rind themselves
anuncertain number of days ahead of their
man, and in those days all sorts of un
looked-for things may possibly happen.
The two officers— James McHattie and
M. A. Conroy— arrived in this City from
Victoria, B. C, by tUe Oregon express
yesterday afternoon. After registering at
a downtown hotel, and effacing the stainß
of travel they at once called upon Chief
Crowley, and the two eager man-hunters
were closeted with the Chief and Captain
Lees for about an hour. II any plans were
laid for the capture they were not di
vuleed.
"We are in the hands of Chief Crowley,"
said McHattie, the senior officer. "Every
thing will be left to his judcment."
This man wlio speaks so modestly of his
plans is by no means a novice in the pro
fession of criminal pursuit, and there is a
determined glean in his small deep-set
eyes that suggests a bulldog tenacity.
"He is regularly attached as detective to
the Sydney police department, but he is
stationed at Newcastle, N. 8. W. This
seaport is much frequented by the crimi
nal classes, and it is from this port that
fugitives from justice most often attempt
to escape. For this reason the post is
considered an important one.
Conroy, McHattie's is a
much younger man, and of decidedly lim-
CAPT. LEE WELLER,
The retired sea captain, who met his
death at the hands of the fiend who is
supposed to be now sailing toward this
City.
ited experience as an officer. He is par
ticularly valuable in the present chase,
however, as he knows the quarry well
enough to penetrate any discuise. In
deed Conroy ••hould know Butler, for
nothing but an accident prevented the
young officer from being one of the mur
derer's victims.
How this came about was described by
Conroy as follows: "It was in September
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1897.
last that I was lirat directed to Butler by
a friend of mine who had met him. That
was before 1 was on the force. I had a
meeting with Butler, and he wished me
to join him in a prospecting expedition.
At the time he told me he had a claim
near Albany for which he had been off«re I
£3000. He said if be got £5000 he would
take it I was to see him in a few days
and give him a definite answer.
"Events in the meantime made it im
practicable for me to go, and I so informed
mm. Later he told me be had sold his
mine for £5000, and if I had gone with
him I could have had half. He said be
was sorry I had not gone, and I told him
I was sorry too."
Conroy makes no pretense that he sus
pected Butler at the time, and as the in
ducementa held out to him to accompany
the fiend were the same that lured Lee
Weller and Preston to their fates, he has
ample cause to have changed his mind
about regretting not having gone on the
expedition.
It is a singular coincidence that Conroy
! was appointed on the police force of Syd
ney the very day that Butler was setting
sail from Newcastle, though at that time
the murders were not known.
The crimes of which Butler is known to
be guilty are not nearly so numerous as at
first reported. In fact McHattie says that
there is no ground for the rumor that he
committed fourteen murders, other than
the desperate character of the man. He
is known to have committed only two, but
these were perpetrated with a villainous
deliberation that makes it seem probable
that many more yet undiscovered may
have been committed in the same manner.
Both of the murders for which the offi
| cers are now anxiously awaiting the arri
val of Butler were committed in October.
The first body found was that of Captain
Lee Weller, a retired sea captain, who
had been a resident of Australia since
1886. when he arrived from England with
his wife, who afterward died. He was
well connected in England, though be
WBB not thought to have a great deal of
wealth at the time of his death.
Captain Weller was attracted to Butler
by an advertisement which the latter had
put in a Sydney paper. Ltread: "Wanted —
A mate to go on a prospecting tpur; must
have £10."
Captain Weller left Sydney with Butler,
who was afterward identified as his com
panion by persons who lived in the same
house with Weller from a phonograph of
Butler, and nothing was se> n of him for
three weeKs. Then his friends became
suspicious. Search parties were instituted
and the pair were traced to a lit tie station
in the Blue Hills, a desolate strip of
country about forty miles from Sydney.
A few miles away the remains of a de
serted camp were found, and clew by
clew Weller's fatal journey was traced
until his body was found with a wound
through his head where the cowardly as
sassin had shot him from toe rear.
In the meantime it was reported thit O.
T. G. Preston, a young student of miner
alogy, who had recently come from
Queensland, where he had well-to-do par
ents, was also missine. The force of
searchers in the Blue Hills was increased.
Inch by inch the tangled underbrush of
the wilderness was searched, and at last,
buried beneath tbree inches of clay, the
body of the missing man was found.
The announcement of the finding of the
second body brought the excitement in
the colonies to a fever beat. The Blue
Hills were alive with eager and ferocious
searchers for the murderer. Every avail
able ii id ing-place was explored, but the
search for the bodies had been a matter of
weeks, and already the murderer was
speeding over the waters away from the
scene of his crimes.
The attention of the police was first at
tracted to Butler, or Ilarwood as he was
sometimes known, by discovering that he
had inserted advertisements in the papers
similar to the one which had lured Cap
tain L?e Weller to his fate. A photograph
ofßuilerwas procured and the residents
in the house where Lee Weller had lived
readily recoenized it as a picture of the
man who had left with the dead captain.
From then on it was an easy matter to
trace the murderer.
On November 13 Butler had arrived at
Newcastle.
Here he had the temerity to place an
advertisement in a daily paper, similar to
the one which had proved Lee Weller's
undoing. The foolhardiness of this move
probobly aawnert on him later, for he did
not call at the office for replies. While at
Newcastle he assumed the name of his
victim, Well»»r, and to the proprietor of
the Sailors' Home, at which he stayed, he
exhibited the captain's certificate of the
FRANK HARWOOD (Alias Butler).
dead manner as his own. On the 23d of
November he shipped on the Swanuilda
as an able seaman, stiil going under the
name of Lee Welle r and exhibiting the
latter's discharge in order to secure his
berth.
Detective McHattie does not believe
that Butler had any money to speak of
when he set sail. He was shabby and
gave evidence of beinvr almost destitute.
Butler had been some time on his way
belore the crimes were traced to him, ana
it was not until December 12 that Mc-
Hattie and Conroy set sail. They, how
ever, went by a fast mail steamer, and
hence have time to spare. Since their de
parture they have learned that another
man named Les«:i is missing and is sup
posed to be a victim of Butler.
The detective doe 3 not believe Butler
has an;" chance whatever toeicape. "The
Swan hilda," he said, "is a well-equipped
and strong ship. It is very unlikely that
Bhe will touch at any port on her way
up." In case she should, however, the
officers at every point where information
could De transmitted have been notified to
be on the alert. The story which appeared
In the Hawaiian Star to the effect that
Butler had been seen there soon after the
arrival ol the Mariposa McHattie declared
to be without any probable or possible
foundation.
Of Butler's antecedents little is known.
He is thought to have visited the colonies
in 1893, where he arrived from Cape Town,
Africa. He did not remain lonir in Syd
ney on that occasion, and he is known to
have be«»n in West Australia for some
time. Several mysterious disappearances
which occurred in that region are now at
tributed to him. The murderer's per
sonal appearance is said to be repulsive
in the extreme. The photograph of him
brought by the detectives, they declare,
flatters him greatly.
If he has been convicted or implicated
JAMES McHATTIE. M. A. CONROY.
James McHattie is the experienced Newcastle detsctive who is anxiously awaiting
the arrival of the Swanhilda and Buller. Conroy is the young Sydney officer who
narrowly escaped being one of Butler's victims, but who is now his pursuer.
in other crimes the Queen's officers have
as yet been unable to ascertain it.
Just when the Swanhilda will arrive it
is>, of course, impossible to say. She left
Newcastle on November 23, and her last
trip occupied fifty-nine days. Depending
entirely upon the wind for motive power,
the day or even week of Her arrival is un
certain. In the meantime John Roach,
one of Australia's most successlul dftec
tives, is speeding across the water from
London, whither he has been to have the
Home Oflice prepare the necessary ex
tradition papers.
When the Swanhilda arrives everything
promises to bs In waiting for a most cor
dial leception to herdistinguished seaman.
"Will you take Butler back to Sydney
with you, Mr. McHattie?" was asked.
"If we are lucky," ru the reply, with a
grim smile which didn't look as if he was
going to leave it ali to luck.
Enreks Valley Improvement Club.
At a largely attended tneeiing of the prop
erty-owners of Eureka Valley last Thursday
evening an improvement club wns organized
and the following were choseu officers: Presi
dent, Samuel Wyatt; vice-president, Henry
Schroeder; secretary, S. N. Norton; treasurer,
Henry Schiieman. The name of the club is
the Eureka VnUey Improvement Club. Mr.
Wyatt, Mr. Brown, James Quinn, Mr. Mlbach,
Mr. Schroeder, Mr. Schlieman and Mr. Petzold
volunteered to act as an executive committee.
It was decided to earnestly protest against
locating the proposed Pesthouse on the Alms
house Tract, and the secretary was instructed
to draw up a resolution to that effect. The
club will meet Thursday evenings at 12 Dan
vers street.
CANNOT BE RETURNED.
Medal Funds Are Not Under the Control
of the Board of Educa
tion,
Since the Board of Education stopped
the giving of medals in the public schools
for m^raorious work the question of what
should be done with the funds that
had been donated to purchase trophies
has been a vexed one.
Some of the members of the old board
desired to return the funds to the donors,
inasmuch us they were not in use for the
purpose originally intended.
The most important of these funds are
two of $2000 each, given by Samuel J.
Bridge and J;imes Denman.
In order to ascertain its rights in the
matter the board referred it to the City
and County Attorney. who rendered an
oninion yesterday. He found that as the
funds were placed under the control of
the Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer the
board had no right to dispose of them in
any way.
With regard to the medal funds of the Lin
coln Grammar, John Swett Grammar. Broad
way Grpmmar and other schools, raised by ex
hibitions and entertainments given by such
schools, the Board of Education would not, in
my opinion, have any authority to dispose oi
such funds. These funds are under the man
agement and control of the persons having
possession of them, and are trust funds, for the
benefit of the pupiis of the particular schools
for which they were created. They could not,
even if such a thing we re practicable, be re
turned io the persons contributing thereto,
either by a sum of money or the purchase of
Uckets for entertainments, except by proper
proceedings in a court of equity to terminate
the trust.
THE STATE PLORISTS.
An Interesting: - Meeting - Held Yester
day at the 1 *.-t I .-,«■»■ Hotel. .
The regular monthly meeting of the
members of the State Floral Society took
place in Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel at
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon. :E. J.
Wickson, the "president, occupied the ■
chair, and there were present E. 8.
Smith . of Palo Alto, the secretary ; Mrs.
Austin B. Sperry, Mrs. Hodgskins and
ninny others , who have for Home years
given their attention to floriculture. The
usual routine of business was entered upon
and completed.-- ,
There was considerable interest mani
fested in. the nest floral s show and already
it is the desire of members to make it the
greatest that has ever occurred in the
State. The meeting, though largely in
: formal in its character, was calculated to
arouse & deeper interest in the culture of
flowers.
Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry at reduced
prices. Vacate Jan. 7th. 5 and 7 Third street.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. j
■ •'-'- '— The UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS
Tfl nAY'Q of our GREAT SACRIFICE CLEAR-j ; .
IuUHI 0 ANCE SALE, as evidenced in thej
rVTDfi TREMENDOUS BUSINESS of the
L A i 18 11 past three days ' encoura ß es us to stiil
A ftp A I A I {If further emphasize our determination
Arh 1 1 l A I O ■ to relieve ourselves of our vast sur-
U5 LUm^J plus stock by a ser . es of S p EC AL
AND EXTRAORDINARY CUTS IN PRICES that make our to-day
offerings *
BARGAINSJOM CAN AFFORD TO MISS!
"coLorelT
DRESS GOODS. _
L4O pieces 39-INCH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, dark colorings, regu- 25C
far price 50c a yard, on special sale at
95 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHEVIOT SUITING. s () c
latest mixtures, regular price $1 a yard, on special bale at
blackT
DRESS GOODS, j
L 7 pieces 52-INCIT EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH CHBVIOT, _- c
worth $1 a yard, on special sale at •- L".\"Jx -~
23 pieces 47-INCH ENuLISH NOVELTIES, Astrachan effects, worth $1 50 J£ c
a yard, on special sale at •
SILK DEPARTMENT.
5000 yards FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, regular J^
price $1 -25 a yard, on special sale at • .....-.••
2000 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small, medium and large designs, Js£
regular price $1 a yard, on special sale at •
I CAPES and JACKETS]
C* A rfcio End «J Awivti l
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH DOUBLE CAPES, trimmed on t _-
rows of mohair braid, upper cape trimmed to match, former P«ceJ| . 75
$3 50, on special sale at • •• •
LADIES' NAVY BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, high neck, storm collar, $2.45
former price $5, on special sale at....... -
1 DOMESTICS. , ~~ 1
Another lot HEAVY ENGLISH FLEECED FLANNELETTES, soft, heavy
and choice, the 12^c fancy weave; to-day's price (not more \tnan 20 £q
yards to one purchaser)
15 pieces HALF BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, dice weave, 58 inches JC V
wide; to-day's price (not sold by the piece) •• 4
Another lot YARD- FRUIT OF THE LOOM MUSLIN, the gen- A3-
uine full standard; to-day's price......... i
12 bales LARGE-SIZE BED COMFORTERS, heavy, solid covering, clean Qsc
white rilling; to-day's price (not more than three to each buyer)
VEILINGS = ~~|
VEILINGS
;:'.<;;;. . AND
HANDKERCHIEFS.
— — j
DOUBLE AND SINGLE WIDTH FANCY DOTTED VEILING, reduced' C c
from 15c, 2uc and 25c a yard, clearance sale price •'*■'
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, ~- c
regular price 35c and 45c a yard, clearance sale price f O v '
174 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED EMBROIDERED AND
LACE INSERTION LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), CJ C
regular price $1 75 per dozen, on special sale at. each * yw
148 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $2 50 Q c
per dozen, on special sale at........ ....each <** .
\ MEN'S WEAR. | • *
182 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FULL-FINISHED HEAVY COTTON
SOCKS, in brown, tan and slate colors, with double heels and toes, reg- _£
ular price % 1 50 a dozen, on special sale at pair O^
96 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, full finished, with double
spliced heels and toes, and in brown, drab, cadet and sanitary gray col- | 2 l £
ors, regular price 25c a pair, on special sale at...... *.**'s*
Three lots of about 50 dozen MEN'S UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS
(odd sizes), in sanitary gray wool, camels-hair and derby ribbed cot- "2CC
ton, regular prices 65c, 75c ana $1 each, on special sale at Ot) w
45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHi-RTS and DRAW- _ _ r
ERS, silK finished, regular price $1 25 each, on special sale at / &+*
32doz»n MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S- WOOL and
CAMELS-HAIR MIXED UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war- d? I AA
ranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 50 each, on special sale at.. M> * •vu
HOSIERY DEP'T.
75 dozen BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY BLACK RIBBED COTTON BICYCLE
HOSE double heels and toes, made specially for boys wear, guaran-
teed fast black, sizes 6^, BK, 9 and 9%, regular price $4 per dozen, on |__
special sale at............ P air * 3 W
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, high spliced heels,
double soles and toes, Hermsdorf dye, worth $4 per dozen, on special |__
sale at ; P air *O*-
-63 dozen LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, two
side steels each side, embroidered with silk flossing and made with pat- fl? f ftft
ent loop eyelets, black and drab, regular price $1 50, clearance sale price •*> »'""
1 NOTION DEP'T. ~[
! —
RUSTLE TAFFETA DRESS LINING, 25 inch, in black, grays and browns, _-,
on special sale at......... .' ...yard £>^
NEW SPANGLE AND BEAD DRESS GIMPS, all the latest patterns and O cr
most stylish effects, reduced from 50c a yard to
KID GLOVES.
100 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, large buttons, colors -A- i
mode, tan and slate, regular price $1 a pair, on special sale at... JvL £ s
90 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, embroidered backs and large buttons,
in medium and tan shaves, also black, regular price $1 25 a pair, on spe- __ ,
cial sale at... ....... JO**
! RIBBONS.
Nos. 5 and 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN and GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted A r
colors, value 7J^c a yard, on special sale at.... ........ ...........' T"L
No. 22 ALL-SILK, SATIN and GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted col. |(\ _
ors, value 20c a yard, will be closed out at... 1 "C
BOOKS AND TRAYS.!
Jts vJ» U jVS AIN U ..- 1 Iv. A ■
.
• — i
Balance of our 12-mo BOOKS, cloth bound, value 35c each, will be closed . | A.
out at..... ....:.. . ..... 1 l/C
Balance of TRAYS,' in oxidized metal, value 35c each, will be closed out _ _
at .:........... ...../•■.■•.; 5 C
tST STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINQ UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
f m/ M^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
\£ [/ JJIdI JLoL ullbbl, _ tUlill;l 01 JDK /
■ San I Franoisoo. '