VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 134.
INSURGENTS
IN POSSESSION
OF BALTINO
Greek Irregulars Are Fighting
Fiercely on the Frontier
of Macedonia.
TURKS BEING BADLY BEATEN.
Now the Ottoman Government Intends to
Seize and Hold Larissa Until the
Greek Troops Withdraw
From Crete*
LONDON, Eng., April I- 1 . — A dispatch
to the Daily Telegraph from Trikkala con
firms the reported capture of Baltino, and
adds that the insurgents also hold the vil
lage of Kyprio. Baltino is among tbe
mountains oi Western Macedonia, a little
north of the border, and sixty miles north
west of Larissa, headquarters of the Greek
Crown Prince. A telegram also received
at Athens from Larissa shortly before
midnight says the Greeks had won entire
possession of Baltino.
The Chronicle has received a dispatch
from Kalambaka which says the Turkish
garrison at Baltino, after a heroic resist
ance, escaped Sunday night. The fieht
ing was continued for a few miles west of
Baltino. The irregulars are benumbed by
the cold weather and nearly starving.
Many of them are returning to the fron
tier lor bread. It is added that the whole
movement is deplored. Tbe Greek offi
cers did everything possible to prevent
the departure of the raiders. After cap
turing Baltino the insurgents besieged
the village of Valestino, where, according
to a Turkish telegram, they were repulsed.
The main body of the insurgents is- said
to be advancing on Grevena, where it is
expected a decisive battle will be fought.
The insurgents are reported to be only
three hours' march from the town.
The Times correspondent telegraphs
that if the Ethnike Hetairia had not un
dertaken to cut the gordion knot the Gov
ernment would hays been obliged to take
a decisive step in a very few day?.
Delyanni*, Prime Minister, in an inter
view to-aay said that in the present state
of her finances Greece could naintain
80 000 men under arms any length of time
without enormous sacrifices. If Greece
fights at all it must be immediately. The
Government was forewarned by the Arme
nian massacres and had been hoarding
? old two years. Hitherto Greece has not
had to have recourse to the market, but
MALEKOS, THE FIGHTING PRIEST OF CRETE.
The San Francisco Call
the^neans must be provided immediately.
Parliament has been summoned to con
sider the Moating internal loan.
A reporter of the Daily News who is
with the Greek insurgents has sent a long
story of tbe advance into Macedonia, tbe
chief interest in which centers in tbe at
tack upon Baltino. He says while the in
surgents were advancing upon that place j
they were constantly harassed by a mus
ketry fire from the Turkish stations, to j
which the Greek troops occupying corre- j
sponding outposts replied vigorously, i
The insurgent chieftain, Baveiis, stormed |
several Turkish stations, the garrisons of
which were forced to flee to Baltiuo with
a heavy loss. Upon reaching tne outer
! most houses of the town the insurgents
i poured a sharp tire into the Turkish force,
j which occupied a large two-story house in j
| the center of the place. The Turks held ;
, the ground, and it bad become evident i
' that it would take a great deal of fighting
> to dislodge them.
Captain MyJonas of the insurgent force
sent two Turks who had been captured to
inform the Turkish commander it would
be useless, to resist. The Turkish officer
replied be would right to the last. Cap-
■ t tain Mylonas thereupon gave an order to !
1 cease tiring, intending to use dynamite to j
blow up the Turkish position. After j
j night had fallen tbe Turks made three {
1 sorties, but each time were driven back
! with heavy loss. Tbe plan to destroy the
building with dynamite did not prove
successful, as tbe explosives could not be
'effectively placed. Captain Mylonas'
i feared a bayonet charge would invdlvetoo ;
great a loss of life, and decided to attempt
to starve the garrison out. The writer
departed from Baltino with a convoy of
prisoners early in the morning to send a
dispatch to his paper. He was overtaken I
at noon by a runner, who announced
that a battalion of Turkish troops with a
mountain gun bad attempted to relieve
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 13, 1897.
VIEW OF THE FLOODED SECTION AT HELENA, ARKANSAS.
Baltino. They wera defeated and nearly
annihilated by the insurgents, who com
pletely surrounded them. The loss to the
insurgent* at the time tne writer left
them was nine killed.
The Italians who volunteered for ser
vice with the Greeks were worn oat by
tbe rough marching across the frontier
and left behind. They arrived, however,
in time to take part in the lighting.
Later, half of them decamped, not being
able to withstand the snow and cold
weather. Reports reach here to-nUht
that the Greek insurgents have reached
the city of Grevena, but cannot be con
firmed.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Larissa says it ia reported that owing to
the capture of Baltino hv the insurgents,
tbe Turkish troops occupying the block
houses on the frontier are panic-stricken
and deserted tbe posts last night. The
Greek troops in the blockhouse opposite
Lavira crossed the frontier and occupied
the abandoned Turkish positions, where
they still remain.
A dispatch to the Evening News from
Larissa sayt it is reported that the Turks
who were encasing the Greek invaders in
the forest near Greyena save up the con
test Saturday. The fighting was done at
long range and the casualties were less
than 100 on both sides, the Greeks losing
fewer than the Turks, owing to the pro
tection of large trees. The insurgents
were cut off from the commissary, but
succeeded in holdinsr their own through
out a long period of desultory fighting.
The invaders are not supported by the
Grces regulars, who did not crons the
border, although shots were exchanged
Dy the Greek and Turkish outposts-
ELASSONA. Macedoma, April 12.— The
officer sent by Kiaein Pasha, Turkish
commander-in-chief, to learn the fact* re-
VonthiMfd on Second Page,
SERIOUS CONDITION
OF FLOOD VICTIMS
Thousands in Tennessee and
Louisiana Are Starving
to Death.
An Alarming State of Affairs
as Reported by an Army
Officer.
Fresh Breaks in the Levees Occur
and Hundreds of Square Miles •
Are o*44* W«ter
BT. LOU 18. Mo., April 12.— A bad break
in the levee at Tallulah, La., was reported
late to-night. Davis Inland, with 2500 in- |
habitants, is being flooded.
Under the new system of guarding the i
levees camps are established at intervals,
of 1000 jards. From the center men patrol j
the levee in each direction. A few of the \
low places in the Tensas line of leveea
are being raised. Biggs levee gave entirely
away two days ago, and would have let
the waters loose over the northern part of
the Sate but for the gallantry of 300 con
victs stationed there. The men threw
themselves into the breech, and, after a
struggle lasting over twenty -four hoars,
succeeded in checking the water.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— A
comprehensive account of the situation in
a part of the flooded district was received
at the War Department today from one
of the officers assigned for duty along the
Mississippi. Secretary Alger considers it
the most important report received. The
officer telegraphed that he had made a
personal inspection of the Memphis-Cairo
district, north of Ashport, Term., which
includes ninety miles of the river. He
found eighteen crevasses in the levees.
Forty-rive square miles in the Tennessee
territory in the Memphis district are under
water. About 1500 refugees have been
brought to Memphis, nearly all suffering
from want. The officer thinks the num
ber represents barely a quarter of those
needing immediate assistance. The con
dition in Mississippi County, Term., is
representative of general conditions. Nine
tenths of its 808 square miles are covered
with water from three to seven feet deep.
Ont of a population of 15,000 about 6COO
are in want. Affairs in Crittenden County
are even worse. The suffering is rapidly
increasing. __________^_
WILL BREAK THE DEADLOCK.
Gold Democrats m the Kentucky Legisla
ture Seem to Control the Sena
torial Situation.
FRANKFORT, Kt.. April 12.— There
was no quorum in the joint legislative
session to-day, the gold Democrats join
ing the silventes to prevent a vote, but
this afternoon they announced they would
not do so any longer. They say Henry
L. Martin, a gold Democrat and Black
burn supporter, can be elected Senator if
the silverites co-operate. Otherwise they
will help elect either Boyle or Yerkes,
Republicans. They refuse to help elect
Hunter, the regular candidate. It is be
lieved the deadlock will be broken to-mor
row. If tlie Grand Jury returns a true
bill against Hunter on the charges that
he offered to buy three Democratic votes
he will lose all chances. Hunter went be
fore the jury to-day and swore the charges
were untrue.
KNEIPP-CURE SANITARIUMS.
Company Formed for Their Es'ablish
ment and fo Promulgate the Doc
trine in Every State.
NEW YORK, N\ V., April 12.— A con
cern formed to promulgate the Kneipp
caro doctrine is arranging to establish
sanitariums in every State. Henry
Charles, president of the American Kneipp
Cure Company, intends to give a regular
course of study so that patients may com
pletely understand tae theory while un
dergoing treatment. The company ex
pects boon to erect a $100,000 sanitarium
near Babylon, Long Island, one at Ashe
ville, N. C, and another at Bopton.
Charles says there are now 500 institu
tions in Germany, 300 in France and 200
in England. "The failure of the move
ment in this country last year," ho says,
"shows the inability of amateurs to han
dle such affairs. We will give the pure
water cure of Rev. Sebastian Kneipp, se
cret chamberlain of the Pope. People
gained the impression that paddling
about in the wet grass was about all the
cure amounted to. In addition to the
water cure there is herbal treatment, the
Kneipp diet and health underwear. There
are now about twenty Kneipp institutions
In this country."
• SPALDING SLIPS INTO TOWS.
The President of the Defunct Savings
Bank Returns to Face the
Mus-c.
CHICAGO, In., April 12.— President
S paid ing of the collapswi Globe Bank
slipped into town at midnight and
aroused Justice Hall. Technically he
surrendered himself, and being provided
with bondsmen, gave ball and was re
leased. This alterooon he said :
"I hsve never been out of the city to
dodge the detectives. Every depositor
will get the full amount. Stockholders
will realize from 50 to 75 per cent on their
slock. To-morrow 1 shall attend a meet
ing of the directors of the University of
Illinois. They are fully protected and
will not lose a cent. As far as my liabil
ity to the bank goes, I have deeded prop
erty jn full payment for nuy stock. I have
done nothing to be ashamed of and am
here to face the music, and will stay until
everything is cleared up."
The university trustees will ask some
thing more tangible, and to-morrow's
meeting will be an important one for the
university. Spalding has deeded 200 lots
to Charles Ford, said to t>e Altgeld's rela
tive. The property probably will be soid
for the benefit of the bank's depositors.
At a meeting of the depositors' execu
tive committee this afternoon one com
mitteeman said that about $100,000 worth
of missing bonds had been found.
TO SPHXD Ut li JrtUSlSl AT IKtVt
An American Jtarontat* to Build a Sky
' ■ ■ • Scrnprr in Auto Iforte.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.— Baroness
Seiilierc, formerly Emmaßeilly, daughter
of the' ex-president of the Pacific Mail
A. Break in the Levee — Homeless Families Seeking Refuge on a Steamboat.
Steamship Company, will shortly build a
twenty-story office building on Madison
square. Her first husband, Charles Liver
more, died eight or nine years ago, leav
ing her a fortuae estimated at $1,600,000,
It is understood that she also inherited a
large sum from relatives.
ROBBED A RICH COUNTY BANK.
Thieves With Smooth Tongues Entertain
a Cashier While a Money-Drawer
Is R fhd.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.— The
Yonkers Savings Bank, the richest bank
ins institution in Westchester County,
was robbed of $4400 to-day by three dar
ing thieves. It took the men fifteen
minutes to do the work. Then they
escaped, and their chance of being cap
tured is small, as the only person who
saw them is unable to give descrip- ions of
value to the police. While the clerks
were out to lunch and the aged cashier,
Lyman Cobb, was alone in the bant a
young stranger entered, engaging in an
aimless conversation and holding the
j cashier's attention while a pal rifled an
old- fashioned change drawer in which the
money was kept. It was only when the
conversationalist ran short of interesting
topics that the cashier turned and dis
covered what had been going on behind.
A cocked pistol stuck under nis nose and
a warning mat me least sound meant his
life gave the thieves the moment they re
quired to get safely away.
The cashier, badly rattled, rang the
burglar alarm, within reach all the while,
and waited dazed till the police arrived.
They found a watchman on the Hudson
River front who saw three men row over
to the Jersey shore. Telegrams were sent
to every hamlet on either side of the river,
but up to midnight not the slightest trace
was found. The whole section teems with
busy villages.
DIED WITH ITS PJttCSIDXAT.
Am Sullen Predietea, lie l^rft So Guiding
Svirit for the Rank.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April 12.— The National
Bank of the Republic decided to-aay to go
out of business. At a meeting of the direc
tors an arrangement was made to liquidate
through the Merchants' Laclede National
Bank. The liquidation is directly due to
the recent death of Charles W. Bullen,
president, who had been with the bank
almost since its organization. Its affairs
were so closely identiri' d with him that
he said when he died the bank would prob
ably 20 out of business for want of a guid
ing spirit. The bank has deposit* of about
$1,350,000. Its capital a tock is $;WO,OOO.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBANS
GAIN NEW
VICTORIES
They Rout the Garrison of
Spaniards at Bahia
Hcnda
AND REDUCE THE TOWN
TO ASHES.
This Performance Is the Most
Important Success of the
Insurgents
AND THE GLORY OF IT IS DUE
TO VIDAL DUCASSE.
While Weyler Is Floundering Around
the Country the Patriots Carry
All Bef:re Them.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 12.— The impor
tant town of Bahia Honda, near the big
bay of that name on the northern coast of
I'iner del Rio, has been totally destroyed
by the insurgents after a lively engage
ment which resulted in the surrender of
the garrison.
After taking B.ihia Honda and remain
ing there some hours the insurgents set
fir* to the town and when it had been re
duced to ashes retired to the interior. This
is one of the most important insurgent
successes in the wuole war and the glory
of it may be given to Vidai Ducasse, a
soldier of the aggressive temper of Maceo.
Since the capture of Rivera Ducasse has
kept the Cuban forces in the provinct
constantly lighting.
It is reported here that another expedi
tion bringing supplies to the insurgents
landed safely. Strong Spanisli re-enforce
ments went to San Cristobal to intercept it.
Cuban sympathizers are excited by the
news that the traitor, Miguel Beato, has
i left the capitol to confer with the Cuban
i leader A costs. Beato is charged with
having betrayed a prominent lawyer, Jose
Gonzales Lanuza, Alfredo 'Zayas and
others now imprisoned at Ceuta, and a
host of other?. His mission to Acosta is
believt d to be some new act of treacnery,
and word has been sent to the Cuban
leader to imprison him.
The sanitary condition of Havana is ter
rible. The heat is already as intense as in
the worst days of summer, the tempera
ture rising above 100. This has produce. i
an increase of all epidemic diseases.
Smallpox, yellow fever and scarlet fever
are making serious ravages.
A dispatch received to-day by the Diario
de la Marina from Madrid says President
McKinley recently offered the friendly
mediation of the United States in Cuban
affair*. Castillo, Prime Minister, replied
tharking McKinley for the offer and re
questine tne United States to stop the
work of filibusters in that country.
Joseph Botili, an Englishman, has
been arrested at Santiago de Cuba. Jose
G. Curbelo, an American, has been re
leased on condition that he leave the
island.
Weyler and his escort arrived ac Santa
Clara this morning.
The Spanish force bad an encounter
yesterday in the hills of San Joaquln, in
the province of Havana, with a party of
insurgents occupying strong positions on
the heights. The insurgents were dis
lodged after a sharp tight, retiring with
considerable loss.
Colonel Fonsdeviella, at the head of a
Spanish column, rret a strong band of
insurgents at Moralito, province of2
Havana, end charged them with cav
alry. The insurgents dispersed, leaving
eighteen dead un the Held.
Jose Romero Gonzalez was shot in the
Cabanas fortress to-day for rebellion.
DAIS JHlS!tl<>\ JO CUBA.
The Sole Objtet 1% to Inquire Into the
■ itrder of liwlz.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— Word
was received to-day from Judge W. R.
Day of Cantor., Ohio, who is going to
Cuba for th» State Department, that he
will be in Washington the latter part of
the week.
He will spend a few days looking over
reports in the Ruiz case before sailing for
Havana. Judge Day has not been at>-
Vcinied paramount commissioner to in
vestigate the condition of affairs in the
islami. The sole object of the mission
will be to attend the inquiry into the mur
der of Ruia, and to report 10 the President
and Secretary Sherman. An inquiry will
be made according to the forms of law,
and in which Judge Day's high standing
as a lawyer, that brought about the selec
tion, will be snown. There is no inten
tion of sending him on a tour to Cuba to
ascertain the strength of the patriot forces
and the probabilities with regard to sac
cess. The present military situation
makes this practically impossible.
The forces of both sides have been di
vided into small bodies, according to in
formation received here, and it would be
exceedingly hard to get an idea of the
strength of either side. Weyler's troops
have been divided into bands of 100 men
each and distributed at numerous diminu
tive forts along the trocha and towns.
Judge D:iy will not go farther from Ha
vana than Guanabacoa, a suburb where
Ruiz was killed.
It is understood in official circles that
Fitzbugh Lee will return with Day, and
as the latter hopes to get through the in
quiry in a week and return to America
early in May, Lee's stay will be short.
Lee's return will probably mark the end
ing oi his official connection witii the
Government and the appointment of a
successor may be looked for very soon
after. Mr. Springer, the Vice-Consul-
General, will act in bis absence.
JFAssurances have been received that Ona
Melton, a young American confined with
other members of the Competitor crew in
a Cuban prison, will shortly be released.
The papers giving him liberty are await
ing signature in Madrid. There was con
siderable doubt of his intentions to take
iip arms against the Spanish, and his claim
that he went to Cuba to represent an
American newspaper seems established.
His release would have taken place im
mediately but for the assertions of sensa
tional newspapers that their articles had
forced Spain to acquiesce in the release.
A similar case was that of Scovel. He
would have been allowed freedom earlier
if the newspaper he represented had not
subordinated his interest to the desire for
a sensation. George Washington Aguirre,
another young American captured with
the Competitor crew, is also certain to ob
tain liberty. His release has been requested
by the Government as an act of grace. If
allowed to go he will promise to leave
Cuba.
n±.i.j.\<. &*.* a. itns.
Ihe Appointment of Totter Cause* an
English Wail.
LONDON, Eye., April 12.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Times says
the appointment of John W. Foster and
C. S. II ami in seems to indicate the imme
diate reopening of the Bering Sea ques
tion. It is probable that Foster will pro
pose an agreement based upon a new
modus Vivendi, with firm restrictions
upon Canadian activity The Times, com
menting editorially upon the dispatch,
bays:
"The movement to reopen this question
will be noted with surprise and disap
pointment. It appears premature, if not
unseemly, to start a diplomatic campaign
sixteen months before ihe stipulated time
for re-examination has arrived. To de
mand that an award shall now be set aside
in accordance with the contention of one
party to the controversy would strike a
very serious blow at the principle of
arbitration. Yet .it appears not only
powerful influences are working in the
United States to impeach the award on
perhaps the most important .practical
point, but also these influences meet with
a certain amount of encouragement with
the executive. It must be remembered
the British Government is trustee of the
rights of Canadians.. To allow these rights
to Da whittled away in the teeth of an
award would arouse justifiable indigna
tion in Canada. The attitude of, the
States as to the payment of damages and
restrictions upon the slaughter of s*als on
land is not likely to make Canadians more
favorable to amendments in the award.
"We are forced to conclude that a strong
and bitter feeling exists in America
against Canada,. and Foster, who is an ex
pert in the art, is using the press to create
agitation. Possibly be is reckoning on the
iact that relations between the two Govern
ments is now more strained than usual.
Canada has been hard hit in the proposals
of the new tariff law, and has shown her
self ready to hit tuck. The American jin
goes are eager to prove they can strike an
other blow. We do not see, however, why
the British Government should help them :
by consenting iv unsettle, results arrived
at by arbitration less than four years ago,
and by exhibiting an ostentatious disre
gard of feeling lor our colonial fellow sub
jects." .
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— The
final meeting of the committee to adjudi
cate the Bering Sea claims presented by
the citizens of Great Britain against the
United States will occur June 15 at
Ottawa. Don M. Dickinson, senior coun
sel of the United States Commission, is
now in Washington securing data from
the State Department with which to re
fute the testimony gathered in behalf of
claimants in Victoria; and San Francisco. '
The commissioner on the part of the
United States on the tribunal is WiHiam
L. Putnam, and the representative of
Great Britain is G. E. King, assisted by
pome able British lawyer*, including Sir
Charles Tapper.
t FURIOV& "CaPTaIS WALTOJf."
I>efrauded London Merchant* by :J»r«
tnndinv to Be a Military Attache.
■■- LONDON, E>-g , April 12. — 6cotland
Yard?"oracials to-day began tracing the
series of .bold frauds lately committed by
a well-dressed man of military bearing,
who appears to be about 42 years of ace
and calls: himself ; Captain Walton. . Re
cently the man went to reside at the Hotel
Kensington,. where he announced himself
the v new military attache •of the United
Btates embassy. Upon the. strength of
this announcement he obtained the con
fidence of a number of friends of officials
of . the , American embassy, and through
these, obtained introductions to the best
London tradesmen, from f whom he \ ob- ■
tamed goods upon credit, using as refer
ences Colonel Hay and Henry White, the
- now American secretary of 'the embassy,
who is well known in London society, v v
J*nrcha*r of a Syndicate,
KINGWOOD, W. Va., April 12.— For
H.cOO.OOOa New York and Pittsburg syn
dicate to-day purchased 45,000 acres of the
richest coal fields in the State, and prob
ably Jn the coumry. Eight thousand acres
of rich oil tenitory is included. Pre i
dent Cuyler of the Illinois Steel Company
and J. M. Guffcy of Pitisburg are Mie cap
italists among the purchasers. The com
pany ;s incorporated as the Reno Oil De
velopment and Construction Company
witb $2,000,000 capital. P 7l
Map of the Gulf of Arta and Vicinity, the Western part of the Frontier Where the Turks and Greeks Are Confronting
Each Other and Where the Next and Most Important Collision Is Hourly Expected.
FROM POPULIST
TO SOCIALIST
Mrs. Lease Adopts a More
Radical Political
Faith.
Result of a Study of Eastern
Conditions From a West-
em Standpoint.
How the Big Fish Ara Swallowing
the Sma 1 r Ones by Means of
C ntraiized Wealth.
WICHITA, Kaxs., April 12.-Mr3. Mary
E. Lease, after an absence in the East of
nearly a year, recently returned home.
From a Populist "calamity bowler" she
has developed into a radical Socialist agi-
tator. She has abdicated her once un
questioned post as the high priestess of
Populism because Populism, radical as it
is, does not go far enough in its extremes.
She is in full accord with its various and
visionary isms, but Populism, it will be
remembered, only insists on Government
ownership of railroads, telegraph systems
and oihtr public utilities. Mrs. Lease
does not stop at these demands, but wants
Government ownership of the whole ma
chinery of production.
Mrs. Lease has been a close student of
economic conditions in the East during
her short residence there, and she has
made her observations from a Western
viewpoint. Bbc has been deerly im
pressed with what she has seen of the re
sults of centralization of capital, and de
clares that in every line of trade the great
establishments are Killing off the small
competitors in the same field. As an in
stance of this she referred to the great de
partment store established there recently
by the Chicago firm of Beigel, Cooper &
Co.
While she gloried in the fact that this
fwas a Western institution and that it had
orced New York to admit the supremacy
of the West in business competition, she
declared that it had not only forced store
after store among the smaller retail es
tablishments to close out, bat bad practi
cally closed oat «mch old-established busi
ness houses as Ridley's, on Grand street.
She says that in New York and other
cities of the East the great hotels have
closed out the restaurants and the great
mercantile establishments in every lino
have crowded out or are crowding out the
lesser ones.
"They talk about socialism destroying
individuality," said Mrs. Lease. -Great
God! Where is there indiv:dnality under
existing conditions? The next step in
human progress," she continued, "is. for
the people in a collectivo capacity to con
trol the great industries tnat are now in
the hands of the kings of trade. The
transition will be accomplished peaceably.
It is already well under way. Look at the
great lines of railway for whose construc
tion the Government— the people in their
collective capacity— loaned the money.
Why sbonld tbe men to whom this money
was loaned not be treated just as ordinary
citizens are treated when they fail to re
turn borrowed money within the stio
nlated time? They have not paid back
tbe money loaned them by the people,
and now it is time for me people to take
the control of those properties into their
own hands.
"What has been the usual result when
ever a railroad has been mismanaged and
is thrown into the hands of a receiver, or
in other words, whenever i the people in
their collective capacity have taken such
* road into their control? Th« road hat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
been restored to a paying basis and its
employes have received better wages.
Why. some of the old world government*
would laugh at the idea of a private cor
poration owning a railroad! It is not a
revolutionary doctrine after all. The post
orh'ce it) now a socialistic institution, con
ducted by the people for the people's good.*
Time was when the postoftice was not a
branch of the Government service, but
was run for individual profit.
"Socialism is simply the practice of
Christianity. We have theatrical Chris
tianity to-day, but until we put into daily
practice the cardinal principles taught by
the divine master, we need not hope tor
the betterment of the race."
Mrs. L?ase has also embraced the teach
ings of theosophy. Socialism and tbo-a
sophy, she believes, go hand in hand.
Whether Mrs. Lease has solved the prob
lems of civilization is a question that the
future must answer, but there is no doubt
as to the sincerity cf her views.
iNSURGENTS
IN POSSESSION -
Of BALTINO
Continued from Fir»t Page.
gardine the invasion of Turkish territory
by the Greeks, has made a report in which
be declares positively that a number of
Greek regular troops were among the in
vaders. He further asserts that it is be
lieved the invaders were commanded by
Greek officers.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 12.
Orders have been given fifteen battalions
of reserves stationed on the Bulgarian
frontier to go to the front. Ten thousand
volunteers from Kossova are being for
warded to Janina. From what can be
learned here of the purposes of the Gov
ernment, it appears that the intention of
the Porte is to order the seizure ol Larissa
by the Turkish troops, who will hold the
town until the Greek army of occupation
is withdrawn from Crete. According to
an Odessa report, Russia has proposed to
each of the powers to send 5000 troops to
Crete to expel the Greeks nnd insurgents
under Colonel Vassos and pacify the
island.
ruLici or rowExs scored.
Bom* Commoner* Say the im-ona People
Harm Been flombarded. . -
. LONDON, Esq.. April 12.r-In the House
of Commons to-day A. J. Balfour moved
that the House adjourn at Ihe close of the
sitting this evening for the Easter recess.
y Sir Charles ? Dilke denounced the ; Gov
ernment for not giving the - House facili
ties for debating the . motion made by
Harcourt on April 5, wbicb. Sir Charles
said, was ■ a motion demanding a vote of
want of confidence and not a vote of cen
sure. Dilke added that the Government
was a slave to the : concert, of the powers
which had failed to coerce Turkey in con
nection with the ouira in Armenia, and
would have ! been similarly imbecile and '
helpless in the Cretan crisis if it bad not
been for the fact that Greece had forced .
their bands. !, r v
Under Foreign Secretary Curzon ex
pressed ihe Delief that the withdrawal of
tbe Greek troops from Crete would lead to
an immediate and peaceful settlement of
the Cretan matter. Regarding; the raid
across the Turkish frontier, Curzon said
that no Greek regulars had taken pare in
the invasion, and the Porte was not anx
ious to make it a casus belli, provided it
was not repeated.
Harcourt said the powers never ex
plained the position they claimed to hold
in Crete. All they hud done was to back
the wrong horse and bombard the wrong
people.
Baifour defended the action of tbe pow
ere, a part of whose policy, he said, was to
withdraw the Turkish forces from Crete.
This would have been done long ago but
for the dilheuity which tne Greet insur
gents in the is. and brought about.
The House agreed to Bailouts motion
and adjourned.
THIM I» A. SILLY S2ORI.
Hearst Declare* Thnt Hanna /« Raising
a I'ool In Wnll Street.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 13 -The
Journal, maintaining its eager bunt for
Bryanite constituents, this morning prints
his hysterical story about tho alleged
preparations of Hanna to steal a march
on the "anti-McKinleyites" lor the next
Presidential campaign. It represents him
as hobnobbing with Wall-street bankers
for a mammoih campaign fund.
It says: "Westerners are talking om
inously of the work already done in the
West for this political blind pool. It is
said a million-dollar campaign fund is
now fairly in siirht. Among the capital
ists whose names are said to head the
lists are: J. P. Morgan, Rockefeller,
Georgo Gould, Russell Sage, Andrew Car
negie, Henry Clews, August Belmont,
George M. Pullman and John Wana
rnaker."
The only apparent basis for the story
seems to be the earnest organization of
branches of the Sound-money League
throughout the country. According to
the story a strong opposition to McKin
ley, headed by Platt, is already developing.
DESERTS WIFE AND BABE
Young Man With an Unsavory
Record on His Way to
This City.
His Wife a M rysvil c Girl and He
Accuses Her of Planning an
Elop m^nt-
DENVEB, Colo., April 12.— Clarence
Merrill Dow, a young man with an ex
tremely romantic career, passed through
Denver to-night en route to San Fran
c sco. He has just deserted his wife at
Fueblo, Colo., after having discovered
what he alleges to be a plot on her part to
elope with another man. The wife's
maiden name was Mac Inlow, and she is
the daughter of Sheriff Inlow of Marys
ville, Ca!.
They were married in San Francisco on
April £9, 1893. Dow is a son of C. H. Dow,
president of the defunct Commercial Na
tional Bank of Denver, who is now serv
ing a live years' sentence at the Federal
prison at iort Worth, Kans., for the
wr<>ckinqof that institution.
Youne Dow fir^t gained notoriety by
marrying Millie Price, a skirt dancer with
Donnelly and Girard's "Natural Gas"
Company, while piaying an engagement
in Denver six years ago. At that time he
was only 19 years of age, but was supplied
with large sums of money by bis indul
gent father. Two days later he attempted
to Mhoot his bride.
After various escapades Dow enlisted in
the United States army, tiia dancer hay»
ing secured a divorce. Just four years ago
be deserted the army barracks at Angel
Island, where he was con lined as punish
ment ior some minor offense. Sailing
across the bay in a stolen skiff, be has
tened to meet Miss Inlow and they were
married.
From San Francisco the couple went to
Ban Antonio, Tex., where he was arrested
in August for desertion. The charge was
not pressed, however, as his lather, the
Denver bunker, came to the rescue. In
San Antonio a eon was born to Mr*. Dow,
Later the family moved to Pueb.o.
Family fortunes having vanis ed Clar
ence secured a position as fireman on a
locomotive to earn a living. Lately he
has been acting as brakemau. He says
that in January he became suspicious of
his wife and heard that she was planning
to elope with a stranger, said to be from
Kansas City, and this she is «.iid to have
confessed within the past week. Dow
s-iys he goes to San Francisco to accept a
good railroad job. He will take sieps to
.secure a divorce there and obtain the
legal custody of the boy.
RECONSTRUCTING
THE TARIFF BILL
Groundless Rumors That It
Will Be a Sectional
Measure.
Western Members of the Senate
Committee Able to Hold
Their Own.
Interesting Mi hods Adopted by the
SchedulcMakers, Wno Work
Night and Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April
tain Western Senators are reported to be
in a creat state of mind over the alleged
purpose of Eastern Senators to fix the
tariff bill to suit themselves without re
gard to the needs and conditions of the
Western section of the country. Those
who know what is going on, however. '
claim that there is no foundation whatever
for the criticisms of the Western Senators.
The framers of the bill claim that when it
is reported back to the 6ena:e it will be!
tound to be a measure to which every Re
publican Senator will ba able to give en
tbusiastic support, and its publication
will cause the charge of sectionalism to
fall to the ground.
There are two able Western men pitted
against two New Euglanders in the com
mittee framing the bill. Chairman Alli
son is certainly a fairly good representa
tive of the Republicans of the West. If he
may possibly be regarded as a little too
conservative in his tariff views, this weak
ness is certa'nly offset by the fact that his
Western colleague on the sub-committee
is Wolcott of Coloraao, a Republican
whose loyal devotion to the cause of free
silver, strong as it was, could not drag
him outside of party or cause him to
weaken in his loyalty to the Republican
policy of protection. Aldrioh of Rhode
Island and Platl of Connecticut are the
New Englauders on the committee, and
while both of them are tariff experts it is
not likely that they would overmatch such
ruen as Allison and Wolcott if there should
be a controversy on sectional lines.
The methods in which the Dingey bill
is being reconstructed are interesting. The
four Senators mentioned, who compose
tue sub-committee, on ftnanca, hold three
daily sessions at the Arlington, where they
utilize for committee meetings the rooms
Known as the Gresharn suite, because they
were occupied by the late Secretary Gres
hain. The committee cccnpy three or four
rooms, the others being used as sort of
reception-rooms. The first or front room
of the suite is assigned to Allison and
Aldrich, the second to Piatt and Wolcott
and the third to the clerk of the commit
tee, S. N. D. North, a wool-tariff expert,
who is assisted by several clerks. Colonel
Tichenor, of the Board of General Ap
praiser', is also stationed in Washington
and attends all the meetings of the com
mittee for the purpose of giving expert
advice. Two statisticians from the Treas
ury Department ars also on duty with the
committee. Meetings are held daily at
it: 3o, 2 and 8 o'clock, so literally the com*
mittee is at work night and day.
It has been announced that the report
will be ready to present to the Senate
about April 20; but there is authority for
the statement that it will be impossiole
for the committee to conclude its labors
so soon and that it will be near May when
the bill is reported. No regular hearings
wili be granted anybody, no formal argu
ments listened to and no record kept or
report made of what is said in committee.
But it is impossible to re/use to listen to
those who com© of Washington in be
halt of various business interests, and so
it happens that the little waiting-room is
filled two or three times a day with repre
sentatives of importers and manufactur
ers, who have informal talks with mem
bers of the committee.
But for the arb trary rules it makes
with regard to hearings the committee
would be overrun with callers, and it
would be found impossible to carry on the
arduous task set before it. As it is, it is
unable to cet to work early, owine to the
appeals of those directly interested in the
bill, and although it has worked diligently
a vast amount of work is yet undone. It
is a custom of the committee after it has
got fairly to work each day to take ud the
schedules icem by item. Statisticians and
clerks make computaiions, Tichenor gives
his advice as to tne effect of the various
Changes proposed, and if the committee is
in possession of full information regarding
the item it is decided, otherwise it is laid
over until the others are disposed of.
The committee has made a sirict rule
not to allow anything wtiatever to be
made public with regard to the rates
agreed upon for any item in the bill. They
are pledged to absolute secrecy, and be
fore disposing finally of an item they go
into executive session, not. allowing even
the committee clerk in the room. Up to
date they have been successful in k ep
ing from the public what they are doing,
and declare that unless one of themselves
betrays the secrets nothing will be known
about the bill until it is reported to the
Senate. Therefore they think that those
now criticizing the bill because the rates
are too low or too high do so without
knowledge of the facts. They are con ri
dent that the bill when completed will
pass muster. Whether or not the charge
of sectionalism is warranted, it is well
known that as a whole the measure will
be much more conservative than that
passed by the House. Rates will be re
duced all along the line.
QUEBX LIHUUIiAL.ISi's MISSION.
Seeks the J'r'aid*nfi Aid to Overthrow
the Dole Jirf/itti'-
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.—
mission of ex-Queen l^iliuokalani is at last
definitely known. It is not to secure her
restoration to the throne, but to urge Mc-
Kinley to exert bis influence in support of
a scheme to overthrow the Dole regime
and order a new election for President.
Sue professes confidence thai at such ©lec
tion she would be chosen.
Her proposition has been laid before
McKinley. The ground on which she
asks him to intercede is that the Dole Gov
ernment wii illegally placed in power
through the undue influence of Minister
Stevens and the crew of the cruiser Bos
ton. The President's only reply to tne
corcmunication so far has been a brief note
acknowledging its receipt.
Captain Palmer said to The Call cor
respondent to-day : "I am sure the Queen
would be only too .-lad to nave the people
of Hawaii settle by ballot the question
whether they would be ruled by their
chiefa or by tne white race in the islands.
If there was a general election and her
name headed one ticket, Kaiulani a sec
ond and Mr. Dole, t.ie third Liliuokalani
would be elected by an overwhelming
majority, an immense majority."
"Would she agree to run for President,
and if so would it not be a tacit admission
of the legality of t c present constitution
and form of government? "
"I tnink if the proposition were
broached she would be strongly urged by
many of her friends and advisers to ac
cept tlie position. She would do this for
the saKe ot her people. She is a most
charitable and considerate woman, and
would willingly sacrifice all her own pros
pects and advantages for the people she
loves so well. We in this country cannot
realize the closeness of ths tie that exists
between the natives of Hawaii and their
native rulers. She stands in the position
of protector and mother to ncr people and
would do anything In the world for them.
It has been said at times that the Queen is
seeking a pension from thia country, I
heard the gracious lady say that she did
not come to America for money, did not
want money and would not accept it. I
believe myself that it she should agree to
accept a pension it would be to benefit her
people, and for no other reason, and that
every dollar she might receive from this
Government or from Hawaii in tlie form
of a pension would co direct to those
who are dependent upon her bounty."
AJsTir MILII *UK ORDERS.
One Army JRetiring Hoard iHttolred
and Another Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.-By
direction of the President the army retir
ing board appointed to meet at San
Francisco in special order of March 19,
headquarters of the army, is dissolved.
By direction of the President an army
retiring board is appointed to meet from
time to time at xbe call of the president
thereof at San Francisco for examination
of such officers as may be ordered before
it. Detail for the board: Brigadier-Gen
eral James W. Forsyth, Colonel Charles
Greenleaf, asssistant surpeon - general ;
Lieutenjint-Co"onel Evan Miles, First In
fantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Edward B.
Wiliiston, Third Artillery; Captain Guy
L. Edie. assistant surgeon; First Lieu
tenant Richard C. Croxton, First Infan
try, r< carder. Such journeys as may be
required of Lieutenant-Colonel Miles in
attending the meetings of the board and
in returning to his station are necessary
for the public service.
Bj direction of tne President, First Lieu
tenant Joseph 6. Oyster. First Artillery,
will report tv person to Brigadier-General
James W. Forsyth, president of the army
retiring board appointed to meet at San
Francisco, at Kuch time as he may desig
nate, for examination by the board.
First Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt of the
ordnance department is ordered by the
Secretary of War, as necessary for the
public service, to make not to exceed two
visits to the Calliornia Powder Works at
Pinole, Cal., and four visits to the works
NEW TO-DAY.
Figuratively
speaking
is "taking the
starch out" of the
would-be lead=
ing baking pow=
ders.
Literally, the
starch is still in
them.
la * Tillmana & Bendel
of the same company at Santa Cruz, Gal.,
on official business pertaining to the in
spection of smokeless powder, and upon
the completion thereof to return to his
proper station after each visit.
First Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt of
the ordnance department is ordered by*
the Secretary of War, as necessary for the^
public service, to make not more than two
visits to Fort Point and Lime Point. Sar
Francisco, iiarhor of California, on o racial
business pertaining to the replacing of
translating studs in the breech blocks of
12-inch rifles at those points and on the
completion thereof to return to his proper
station after each visit.
WHITE AS I* HIjACK TTSITED.
An Unsavory , Marriage That Xaiaes a
fivtnpui in Xtnnen'ce.
ATHENS, T en>-.. April 12.— Tnis uni
versity town was shocked to-day by the
marriage of Perry Wiggley to Gid Helms,
a negress of low repute. The ceremony
took place in t c street and tne knot was
tied by a Justice of the Paace while the
pair stood on a dry-eoods box. Wiggley
is the son of D. H.'Wigpley, commander
lof Post 25, G. A. R. The woman has
figured conspicuously in a numcer of
Police Court episodes. She was a widow
of but a few weeks, havin -just baried her
first husband. Wig^ley's lather has dis
owned his son. Intermarriage is a felony
in the Southern States. A mob has been
searching vainly for th ■ couple, threaten
ing to tar and feather them. Thav have
doubtless taken refuge in the mountains.
Fhiliprtin* Revolt Said, to He Ended.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— The
Spanish Minister was officially advised to
day that 18,000 Philippine rebels had sur
rendered, thus practicaliy ending the re
bellion.
'])o yon feel that it is impossible for you
to get bask that great .rosy manhood of
which yon were once so proud ? It is
because you have been fooled often and
of now isn't it ? Think !
ISTot
A single inch of yon feels as well as it
ought to at this moment, and yet if you
would but bs wise, instead of trying to
see how very foolish you can be, things
would be very different.
Try
What memory yon have ; what vim is
there ; how much sleep do you get ;
| those tell-tale spots before the eyes ; and
that eternal fear of an asylum or a
grave. Do you persuade yourself that
you are well?
Tlie
Man who won't try to get well ought to
bs let alone perhaps, but the grand
doctors of the Hudson ledical Institute
have patience wth all people. Go there,
S ask, what has been done for others by
mm.
Circulars and testimonials at free as
air to you, and if your blood is oat of
order ask or write for "30-day Blood-
I cure truth. "
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sti,
, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GET HUDSON DOCMS' ADVICE FREE.
_ _ — ,
ELY'S CREAM BAT.M is a positive cure.
_ Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed, 60
cents at Drns^iets or .by mail ; samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New York City.
' ' ■■ — -■ —
1 Jill
WEEKLY
CJILL
d It Publishes the . Cream of the
•~s News of the Week and
©) MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
C* IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
-J PAPER ON THE
3 PACIFIC COAST .
2 The Best \ //Mining
PS .Telegraphic \/ News That
o< Service on /\ Is Accurate °
o< The Coast / \& up to date '
©C \ -;„';/. ' / : ■:, ■ V^ : ■-• ■
©^ : Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ .. or Faky, and Not a Line of ,
gj; it Dry or Uninteresting. ';
OC ' V Brifrht. Clean, A Champion of
. J Thoughtful. Truth.
o( A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
W '"-t" AIL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES ; _' SENT BY
,J HOME MAIL, 51.50
P< INDISTRIES A YEAR.
jc^ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLMcKINLEY MOVES
FOR BIMETALLISM
Appoints Three Monetary
Conference Commis
sioners.
Senator Wolcott, General Paine
and Ex-Vice-Presideot
Stevenson.
Interesting Political Personnel of the
Trio— They Will Shortly Sail
fcr Europe.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 12.—Un
der authority conveyed by an act "To pro
vide for the representation of the United
Ssstes by Commissioners at any interna
iiunal monetary conference hereafter to
r> • called." McKinley to-night appointed
Senator Edward O. Wolcott of Colorado,
(General Charles Paine of Massachusetts,
and ex-Vice-President Adlai E. Stevenson
of Illinois, Commissioners and envoy? for
the promotion of an international agree
ment for bimetallism.
Tne Commissioners are all well-known
men. AVolcott has made his mark in the
Senate as a forceful speaker and a stu
dent of monetary matters. General Paine
is best known as a yachtsman. He is
wealthy and stands hi^h in Bos
ton huancial and educational cir
cles. He is a director of the Massa
chusetts institute of Technology and is
connected with many other institutions.
Stevenson started to resume the practice
of law at Bloomington, 111, after his term
a* Vice-President ended iast month. He
tvas in Washington recently and saw the
President with reference to the appoint
ment of a commission.
Wolcott Is well acquainted with both
i'iiine and Stevenson. Last summer,
when the Colorado Senator went abroad to
sound the foreign Governments about the
internationsl monetary conference, Paine
went with htm, although this fact has
been known only to a few of the personal
friends of both. Politically, the person
nel of the commission is interesting. Sen
ator Wolcott is a pronounced silverite..
who supported McKlnley in the cam
paign. Paine is a stanch Republican
and a sold man. Stevenson cast hii lot
with Bryan and stumped Illinois for him.
The appointment of the commission is
made under a House amendment to the
Senate bill, which became a law on March
3— one of the last measures approved by
Cleveland. As passed, the Senate act
provided that whenever the President
should determine that the United States
sliould be represented at any international
conference called with a view to securing
by international agreement the fixity of a
relative value between gold and silver as
money by means of a common ratio, with
free mintage at such ratio, he be author
ized to appoint five or more commission
ers to the conference. The sum of $100,000
was appropriated by the bill for the com
pensation and expenses of the commission.
Authorization was also given the Presi
dent to call an international monetary
conference in the name of the United
States. The House amendment which
pave authority for the appointment of the
commission directs the President "if in
his judgment the purpose specified can
thus tx» better obtained" to appoint one
more special commissioner. As much of
the appropriation as necessary for the ex
penses of this preliminary commission
was appropriated by the amendment. The
President was given discretion to appoint
as many special commissioners as desired.
Wolcott, Paine and Stevenson will prob
ably not sail for Europe until after the
new Enibassadors to France, Germany
and England have reached their posts. It
is likely that they will leave about May 10.
It is understood that all three Embassa
<iors are friendly to international bimet
allism.
PRESIDENT McX IN LEY'S RETURN.
After an Absence of F.re Days He Is
Again Besieged by the Hordes of
Office- Seekers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— After
an absence of live days President Mc-
Kiniey returned to the White House
shortly aft«r noon. Since leaving Wash
ington the party has been aboard tbe
Dolphin continuously, except a few hours
yesterday when the President and Mrs.
McKinley stopped off at Leonardtown, a
historic old place in Virginia, where they
intended attending divine services, but
reached the church too late. No busi
ness of any kind was considered during
tbe i rip.
O:i arrival home the President was
driven hurriedly to the White House,
■where a b g crowd of office-seekers was
waiting. The porch was serried as were
the corridor*. The President went imme
diately to his office, where he sent out
word to the throng he would see no one.
This caused general disappointment, as
many Senators and Representatives who
had brought constituents with them con
fidently expecte i to have a few mo
ments with 'he President. When becre
tary Porter announced that no one wouid
be received there was a general rush lor
the door. Nearly every one who went
away expressed the determination to again
visit the White House to-morrow.
Notices were sent around to the different
Cabinet officers that the regular Cabinet
meeting would be helcJ to-morrow. Later
in the afternoon Secretaries Sherman,
Alger. Gage and Wilson saw tne President.
boon afier getting seated at his desk,
Secretary Porier announced that on his
way up the river he and the President
had decided to jut a new White House
rule into effect. The strain of receiving
office-seeieis tiad become too great, and
hereafter the President will deny himself
to office- seekers after 1 o'clock. During
tbe afternoon he will see only those who
have special appointments, and thus en
deavor to get a little time for the transac
tion of important public business. Ac
cording to the amended rules, the hours
from 10 to 12 will hereafter, except on
Cabinet days, be devoted to receiving Sen
ators and Representatives, and general
callers from 12 to 1. The usual reception
to tbe general puolicon Mondays, Wednes
days and Fridays will be continued.
% OHFEDO-BUA T CHIIIBTENIHO.
Steretttry I*ong Xlannra the JYame* of
X>*eea*o&' A aval Berne*. '
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— Seven
torpedo-boats were given names by Secre
tary L«ong to-day. All of them were called
after deceased naval officers, after the rec
ords of a number of officers had been ob
tained from the Navy Department library.
No. 5, at Baltimore, is named the Wins
low, after the commander of the Kear
farße;\No. 12, at Portland, Or., is named
the Paris, in honor of Captain Charles
Davis, who won the battle of Memphis;'
No. 13, al-o at Portland, is called after
Gustavus V. Fox, Assistant Secretary of
the Navy uurin* tue war. The name of
George U. Morris, wlio commanded the
Cumberland, sunic in Hampton Roads,
was given No. 14 at Bristol, R. I. Two
other boats under construction at .Bristol
(Nos. 14 and 15) were named in honor of
Lieutenant-Commander John G. Talbott
and Lieutenant • Commander William
Gwin. Talbott was drowned in 1870 in
Hawaii, alter having made a trip ol 1500
miles to £et relief for the crew of the
Saginaw, which had been wrecked on an
ocean island. Gwin died January 3, 1863,
from wounds received while In command
of the Benton at Yazoo River. The name
ot McKee was given No. 18, at Baltimore,
to honor the memory of Lieutenant Hugh
McKee, killed while leading an assault on
the Korean forts in 187 L
SENATE COMMITTEE VACANCIES.
Strong Combine to Defeat the Republican
P-an of Reorganization — Creed
of the Popu/sts.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 12.— The
situation in regard to filling vacancies in
Senatorial committees has been lurther
complicated by the efforts of the Silver
Combination Democrats, Silver Republi
cans and Populists to bring about the de
feat of the Republican plan of reorganiza
tion. There is one element of weakness
in their scheme which may upset it— that
is, the creed ol the Poputistic wing of the
aggregation. As the price of their sup
port they demand positions on almost
every important committee greatly m
excess of their numerical proportion to
the other parties. Allen of Nebraska will
not be content unless put on the Appro
priations Committee. Another Populist
thinks he could only be beppy o:i the Ju
diciary Committee, and Harris of Kansas
has his eye on the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee. The Siiver Republicans, too, are
not over-modest. Petugrew wishes to re
lain the chairmanship of the Indian
Committee, and Teller would like to re
main at the head of the Claims Commit
tee, together with a desirable placw on the
Appropriations Committee. The Demo
cratic steering committee, therefore, has
quite :i task to harmonize the differences
of opinion in the allied camp.
The Republican committee on commit
tees has received replies from nearly every
Senator naming his preferences. These
wili be presented at the meeting o: the
commitiee to-ruoirow. The members be
lieve they can reconcile any family differ
ences likely to arise and will proceed with
their plan of reorganization as rapidly as
possible. They are not disturbed over the
plans of their opponents to take control
of the committees. "If they are able to
do it," said one Republican, "let them."
SCritt.SiE CUUKT 1> t:< lsl<>\.\.
27»« Minnesota I. me acquiring Train*
to Stop at County Seat* Upheld.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11 —The
validity of the Minnesota State law re
quiring passenger trains to stop at county
seats and take on and discharge passen
gers was sustained by the Supreme Court
to-day.' The lav makes special exceptions
for through trains from other States or
transcontinental trains run by the North
era Pacific and Great Northern. The reg
ulation. Justice Gray said, came within a
! reasonable exercise of the police power of
the State.
In deciding the case of the American
Publishing Company vs. Fishfr, appealed
from the Supremo Court of Utah, Justice
Brewer said the law of Utah which pro
vides for verdicts by nine members of the
jury was void.
Texas cases involving the validity of
the State and trust law were set for argu
ment at the fall term.
VATS BIS OM'-V i \ I' l. \.iKH.
the PremiAent Will Aot Junket on the I
fiorernmeni.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 12—Presi- !
dent McKinley paid all the expenses of
the Dolphin trip incurred by himself and
party, drawing a strict line between the !
crew disbursements, which the Govern- |
ment paid, and the expenses due to the j
Presidential party. The vessei when at ;
the navy-yard always keeps her tires up, •
| so the Government incurred no extra coal j
I expenses. The crew's salaries and living j
expenses are also paid whether the ■
Dolphin is cruising or not. The esti
■MUM expense of the trip is about $4). It
was the especial desire of the President j
tWat he should not be accused of taking a !
pleasure journey at tbe Government's I
expense.
AXXIVUS 1O nViljlt TBE CA.SAL.
What Warner Killer sat/* of the -\irnr
ngua J'rojrc',
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 12.— Ex-
Senator Warner Miller of New York is at
the Arlington. When asked by The Call
correspondent to-day regarding the course
that would be pursued by the Nicaragua
Canal Company, of which he is president,
in further operations for the construction
of tuat great wateiway, Mr. Miller re
plied :
"Secretary Sherman has shown a pref
erence for opening that matter for treaty
neqotations, and it that course is decided
we have no objection to ii. Our only con
cern is to build the canal."
Sp'Clal 1.n.,d Artentm Iniri Off.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.—
Twenty-one special agents of the General
Land Office were to-day dismissed ter- |
porarily, owing to lack of sufficient Gov- j
eminent money appropriated to compen- ;
sate them for their services. The appro- I
printions which will be made available in
July wi'l enable the department to re-em- 1
j'luy ail the dismissed officials, but there I
is some question whether the men to-diy
laid off will be reappointed. Many of
them are said to be Democrats, and ft is
intimated that Republicans will be put in
their places.
Sevan Arrive* at tinthlngton.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 12.—Will
iam J. Bryan arrived from Florida to-day
and will remain until after the banquet
to-morrow night In honor of the one hun
dred and tifty-fonrth anniversary of the
birth ot Jefferson. This aiiernoon he at
tended a meeting of tbe executive com
mittee of the National Association Demo
cratic Club* and this evening delivered a
lecture before the students of the Colum
bian University.
Undoing ( lereland't Bad Work.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 12.— The
Senate Committee on .Public Lands to-d«y
reported favorably Senator Clark's
amendment to the sundry civil bill restor
ing to the public domain all lands in
Wyoming, TJtan, Colorado, Montana,
Washington, Idaho and South Dakota set
apart as a forest reservation by Cleve
land's proclamation of February 22.
Three JMore Veteran* Jtettored to Poaitiont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aprii 12,-Tbree
more veterans of the war were restored to
day to the positions they held in tbe
treasury under the last administration.
E. K. Harris, appointed assistant teller
by Carlisle, was reduced to a clerkship,
and D. W. Herbert appointed in his place!
Herbert, formerly assistant teller, was
dismissed in order to give Harris the
position.
fHoekton'* -1 -unicipal Campaign.
STOCKTON, Cal, April 12.— The Re
publicans and Democrats of this city held
ward meetings to-night, preparatory to
the primary elections. The city commit
tee* of both parties have decided on
insion, with the view of defeating the
non-partisan American Protective Asso
ciation ticket, which is to be placed in the
field.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Yaquina as It Appeared Stranded Alongside the Wharf at
Huenemc Yesterday. The Steamer Coos Bay Got In Shortly Afterward and at Once
Went to the Assistance of the Damaged Vessel.
STRANDED YAQUINA
CANNOT BE SAVED
With the First Moderate
Sea the Vessel Will
Go to Pieces.
Lies in Dangerous Proximity to
the Long Wharf at
Hueneme.
Nearly All of the 'Tween-Decks Cargo
Removed by the Steamship
Coos Bay.
HUENEME, Cal., April 12. — The
freight steamer Yaquma, which went
asbore here yesterday, will probably be a
total loss. The sea here has been calm
and there has been no wind or the vessel
would have been in pieces before this, as
it is old and rotten.
Wnen the Yaquina struck a seam was
opened in its side, ana the hold is nearly
full of water. The vessel now lies in ten
feet of water at low tide and within
twenty-live feet of the wharf. Its prox
imity to the wharf adds to the steam
ship's danger, and the tirst moderate sea
or westerly wind will drive it onio that
structure.
The fear of a possible expJosion of dy
namite on board baa subsided. 1 tie
steamer Coos Bay arrived this rooming
and Captain Hall, with Agent Greenwell,
has with boats and an engine and der
rick on the wharf removed about all of
the between-decks freij;Qt, much of which
is valuable. The tug Vigilant, with Cap
tain C. Miner Goodali on board, is due
from San Francisco to-morrow morning.
It is fitted with powerful pumps and will
draw the water from the lower hold to
permit the removal of the balance of the
ireiglit.
Nothing can save the hull. The sandbar
which caused the dinaster to the Yaqutna
mv -t have been formed suddenly, as none
was known to exist near the wharf ore*
vious to yesterday.
The Yaquina left Ban Francisco last
Saturday evening for Los Angelea, and
put into Hueneme to land a portion of its
cargo. Captain Hmkle, the iornier chief
officer of the Santa Koso, was in com
mand, and be at once made for the land
ing. During the night a sandbar had
formed near the wharf, and on this the
steamer struck heavily, damaging its shoe
and warping tbe hull alt so that it was
impossible to work the screw. The
Yaquina being thus disabled, the water
soon made its way into the engine-room
and put out the hres. A half-hour later
the water was up to the main deck and all
hope of saving the yes. c: Jor the time be
ing was given up.
In tbe Yaquina'* hold were ten tons of
dynamite, besides a lot of general mer
chandise. The most valuable portion of
the consignments have been saved, and
Edwin Goodall is of the opinion that the
vessel will also be patched up and brought
back to San Francisco for repairs. Yes
terday Captain C. Miner Goodall went to
the scene of the wreck on the tug Vig
ilant. Wrecking appliances and divers
went down with the Vigilant, and every
thing possible will be done to save tbe ill
fate a steamer.
"Moss Landing and Hueaeme are two
of the most treacherous places on the
const," said Captain Goodall yesterday.
"With one tide the harbor will ailt up in
a dangerous way, and in the next tide the
current will change around and wash out
a channel twenty feet deep in a few hours.
The sea would be perfectly smooth and
no indication of danger would be visible
until probably the underpinning of the
wharf would give way. It must have been
something like this that happened in the
case of the Yaquina. When it struck,
Captain Hinkle called to the wharfinger
to learn of there was more water on the
other side if the wharf and was told there
was. He tnen attempted to move to the
other side, bat struck aeain more heavily
than at first."
The Yaquina was built at Portland, Or.,
in 1882, and at one time was used as a
missionary steamer to Alaska. Alter its
purchase by Goodall, Perkins & Co. it was
put in the coast trade and remained in it
up to a year ago. It was then turned into
a coalboat and held supplies for the
southern boats. Latterly the trade has
increased to such an extent that a boat to
carry combustibles only was found neces
sary. The Alex Duncan was accordingly
taken out of Oakland Creek and put into
the Yaqu.na's place, while the latter was
put into cum mission and started on its
iirstrun last fca.'.irday.
Tbe steamer Coos Bay put into Hueneme
soon after the Yaquina struck and Cap
tain Hall at once went to the assistance of
the stranded boat. An engine and der
jick were ringed on tbe wharf and soon
ail the freight on the 'tween decks had
been landed.
Jtnckrd at Port Orchard.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 12.— The
United States baui«-Bhii> Oregon was
docJCfld on a favorable lido at tbe tort
Orchard Naval Station drydock this
morn ing at 1 o'clock. It appears that the
feat was successfully accomplished, al
though a report was in circulation here
to-night to the effect that the Oregon was
slightly damaged by scrapine on the sill
in going into the dock. This report is
characterized as wholly untrue by Pay
master Sullivan of the naval station. It
is reported here that the Oregon will re
turn to San Francisco in time to par
ticipate in the Decoration day exercises.
HELD FOR A LINDEN CRIME.
Call Doors Cose Upon a Man Who
Attempted to Murder His
former Wife.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 12.— The pre
liminary examination of J. J. Douglass on
the charge of assaulting his ex-wife with
intent to kill her, was held at Linden this
forenoon, and the accused was brought
back to jail this afternoon for trial, having
been held to answer.
Douglass and bis wife were divorced last
May, the woman obtaining a legal separa
tion on account of ber husband's iazinesß
and inability or indisposition to earn a
living for herself and two children. Since
then Mrs. Douglass and her little ones
have been living at a house in Linden,
which is only a few hundred feet distant
from the residence of her ex-husband's
mother. Occupying the same house witn
the divorcee are Mr. and Mrs. Luce.
On ti.e Ist inst., while Mrs. Douglass
and Mrs. Luce were cooKing breakfast, ac
cording to ilie story as it was brought oui
at the proceedings to-day, they saw Doug
lass coming from the direction of his
mother's house. He entered and. briefly
accosting Mrs. Luce witn a "good morn
ing," turned savagely on his former wile,
accusing her of unwomanly conduct. Mrs.
Douglass ordered him out of the house.
He refused to go. She requested Mrs.
Luce to seek for help in order to eject him.
Douglass ordered Mrs. Luce not to stir
and then seized his ex-wife by the wrists.
They struggled and the woman succeeded
In freeing ncr hands. She seized Done
lass by the coat and endeavored to lorce
him backward through the door. He cried
out: "If we cannot live together we will
die together.'* and discharged a revolver
at her heart. The bullet inflicted a seri
ous wound.
It tI J tti T> AGAJA&I- aPOKAXJE.
Northern J'a«lflc i o-npany Hint a fa
mous Freight- Hate Can*.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 12. — A de
cision against the city of Spokane was to
day rendered in the United States District
Court in the shape of the report of Special
Master Lorenzo B. Sawyer of San Fran
cisco, who was on I November 30, 1894, ap
pointed by Federal Judge Han lord to take
testimony and hear arguments in what is
generally known as the "Spokane Rate
Case." This whs an action begun by
Holly, Mason, Marks & Co. of Spokane
against the Northern Pacific Railroad to
comply with an order of the Interstate
Commerce Commission providing better
freight rates for Spokane.
In practically every point involved find
ings are made in favor of the railroad, and
Master Sawyer substantially holds that if
the prayer of the petitioners was granted,
under a strict application of such rules of
the Interstate Commerce Commission, the
Northern Pacific would soon be wrecked
financially. ■ •
ajir a 7(v.% tilt ai ittninsa.
Three I'ritonet-M Held for the Killing of
William tot*.
REDDING, Cal., April 12— David F.
Smith and J. A. Weingartner of French
Gulch were placed in jail here as accom
plices in the murder of William Vosz at
Harrison Gulch last week. Woingnrtner,
a bright-faced boy of 15 years, is the son
of J. A. Weingartner, who did the shoot-
Ing. The lad was in the cabin at the lime
the shot was fired, hut he claims to have
heard ! nothing. H«> borrowed the - gun
that his lather used. Smith . claims to
have once been a lawyer. It is. alleged
that he advised Wein artner senior that
he would be justified in killing Yosz, and
loaded the gun with which it la alleged
the shooting was done. ... . , .. . ..
The three prisoners were arraigned this
morning before ' Judge Gartner and their
preliminary examination set for next Fri
day. _ •-_• .. ..- .
AItBE&TBD AT SAUSaLITO.
>af>bnlh Roitterer* from San franelmeo
Get Into Jail.
SAUSALITO. Cal., April 12.— Three
young "bloods" lett Sauaalito for their
homes in San Francisco tbis morning,
after spending the night in the town's
lock-up. They visited Sausalito yester
day, and were busily engaged in creating
a disturbance while drunk, when Marshal
Creed gathered them ;n. They were D.
Bernardi, George Minor and Frank Lima,
and their coming heralded the advance of
ti.e picnic season.
Yesterday proved to be & beautiful day,
and the picnickers were everywhere in
evidence. Marsual Creed intends to see
that the peace of Sausalito is not chs
.turbed on the Sabbath, and his first work
toward thai end was the arrest of the three
roisterers yesterday.
San Francl*co'» Foitoffica Building'
WASHINGTON, D. € April 12,-The
Call correspondent asked the supervising
architect of the Treasury to-day how the
work on tne San Francisco Postoffice
building was pro rressmp, and the same
old stereotyped reply was returned:
"We can do nothing until the engineers
have completed their investigations as to
the foundation." _
firm at Santa. \,,ez.
LOB OLIVOS, Cal., April 12.— The gen
eral merchandise store of Jo«eph Ruff at
6anta Ynez was destroyed by fire last
night. Key. Joseph Hemphili adjourned
bis services to tight the tire. The loss is
about $3000, fully insured.
fatal fall at Han J.uim. rT"
SAN LUIS OBIBPO, Cal., April 12.—
£. N. Williams, while painting the roof of
a building this afternoon, fell from a scaf
fold. His back was broken and, although
he is still alive, he cannot recover.
INSANITY SAVES
McCARTHY'S LIFE
Reprieve Granted to the
Condemned Slayer of
George Fox.
Physicians Report to Governor
Budd Tha^t the Convict
Is a Maniac
Was to Hara Been Executed on Fri
day for a Crime Committed
Two Years Ago.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 12.— Dennis
McCarthy, convicted of murder in Sonoma
County and sentenced to be hanged on
April 16, was to-day granted a reprieve of
six months by Governor Budd, because a
petition wai presented representing that
McCarthy was of unsound mind when he
committed the offense.
SAN QUENTIN, Cal.. April 12.— 1t is
not likely that Dennis McCarthy, t tie mur
derer sentenced to be banged at San Quen
tin next Friday, will ever swing from the
gallows. Warden W. E. Hale this after
noon received h reprieve for the assassin
from Governor Budd.
While McCarthy is guilty of an atro
cious murder, he has exhibited since
he has been in San Quentin indisputable
signs of insanity.
"His principal hobby is religion," said
Warden riale, "'and while he is not vio
lent he is weak or simple-minded, and he
is led to do things for which he is not ac
countable. Dr. Lawlor, our resident
physician, has examined the man and
found that he is insane."
Governor Budd some time ago had the
doctors from the insane asylums at Napa,
Stockton and Agnews- examine the mur
derer's condition. Their report, which
has been sent to the Governor, bears out
the statement of Warden Hale and Dr.
Lawlor to the effect that McCarthy is in
sane. . • • - ■■:-.■
The doctors found upon examination
that McCarthy's idiotic condition was the
result of a growth of the skull pressing
upon the brain.
Tbe crime for which McCarthy had been
sentenced to die ou Friaay was committed
about two years ago. He cruelly mur
dered George Fox, a ranch hand employed
on a farm near Santa Rosa. McCarthy
was tried and found guilty and sentenced
to be hanged. The case went to the Su
preme Court, which in January of last
year remanded the prisoner to be resen
tenced.
NEW CODE COMMISSIONERS.
Caminetti of Amador and Shanahan of
Shasta Will Receive Appointments
To- Day.
Sacramento, cal., April 12.—got
ernor Budd lias announced that to-mor
row morning he would appoint as mem
bers of the Code Commission Assembly
men A. Caminetti of Am&dor and T. W.
H. Shanahan of Shasta as the Democratic
member* and either It. K. Bulla of Los
Angeles or ex-Superior Judge A. P. Catlin
of Sacramento as the non-partisan mem
ber. Which of the latter will be the for
tunate be is unable to state until to-mor
row, when he will announce the full list
of appointments.
The life of the present Board of the
Bureau of Highways expired by limita
tion of law at noon today ; and as under
the new law no non-partisan member is
necessary, it is claimed that while the two
Democratic members, Marsden Manson
and R. C. Irvine, will be returned, the
other member will be replaced. The latter
is Maude of Los Angeles.
CU AKG El> WITH STX i LIXG GEMS.
Uprinttr "Cuckoo" tollini Arreitrd for
a lienrer l»inmond Thrft.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 12.— James,
alias "Cuckoo" Collins, who has long
been wanted on suspicion of having
robbed the jewelry store of P. Gottesle
ben in Denver, Colo., of $10,000 worth of
diamonds, was arrested in this city yes
terday afternoon by Bheriff Johnson.
While admitting hiß identity he claims
that be is innocent of the crime and says
it is a job put up by "soreheads" who lost
money on him in a foot race- Collins is v
NEW TO-DAT.
TmESDAY^\PRIU3th,
ONE DAY ONLY,
50c a Bottle *
HOOD'S SARSAPARILU.
Presents Free With All Purchases.
WALLERBROS., Sk
33 Grant Avenue, Corner Geary.
professional sprinter, who at one time
held a world's record.
Collins says tliat since leaving Denver,
whence he fled when wanted by the police,
he went to San Francisco and then to
Port Townsend and. shipped to Australia,
where he worked in the gold fields. Ar
terward he became trainer for a bicycle
club. tie eventually returned to San
Francisco and then came to Sacramento
to act as trainer for the Capitol City
Wheelmen and here lie was capture,!.
■A*«<t<fti Roxear Jtobber* Caught.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. April 12.— W.
Ahem, the railroad detective, who for the
past two weeKs has been in Nevada inves
tigating a series of boxcar robberies, re
turned to this city to-day, having suc
ceeded in not only capturing his men, but
also in recovering a large quantity or the
stolen goods. The capture was made near
Elko, Nev., where most of the robberies
had been committed. Ahem trailed his
men to a cabin and in company with the
local constable succeeded in capturine
three of them. He found the cabin
stocked with stolen property.
Sutpect Trur'it Cn«« Confinutd.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 12.— The
case of James True, charged with robbing
the United States mall, which was set for
hearing to-day before Judge G. G. Davis,
acting as United States Commissioner,
was continued until April 15 by the re
quest of the defendant's counsel.
Uantrd for a Missouri (rim*.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., April 12.—Gover
nor Budd to-day issued requisition papers
on a warrant from the Governor of Mis
souri for Thomas H. Dim mitt, who is
wanted on a charge of embezzlement of
several thousand dollars and is held by
the authorities of Orange County.
EXCURSIONISTS VISIT STOCKTON.
Heads of Departments Throughout the
Entire Southern Pacfic System
Touring California.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 12.— A special
train of palace cars arrived here quite un
expectedly at 9:30 o'clock this morning
and halted on Weber avenue, in front of
the courthouse. It contained nearly a
half hundred of the heads of the traffic
department of the Southern Pacific Rail
road from all over the United States. The
following is the list of the visitors:
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the
road; K. Hawley, assistant general traffic
mnnager.
.Eastern territory— L. 11. Nutting, Eastern
passenger agent, New York; L. J. Spence,
Eastern freight agent, New York; E. E. Cur
rier, New England ngent, Boston ; R. J. Smith,
agent, Philadelphia; R. Falck, general Eu
lopean agent, Hamburg; W. G. Neiaiyer. gen
eral Western agent, Chicago; G. G. Herring,
commercial agent, Pittsburg; W. H. Connor,
commercial agenx, Cincinnati; V. B. Primm,
commercial agent, St. Liouis; R. D. Wiltinms.
passenger department, Chicago; J. H. Har
mon, contracting agent, Chicago; H. W.
Nathan, commercial agent, Atlanta; W, K.
Kaftan, traveling passenger agent, Atlanta,
Gr. ; R. O. Bean, traveling passenger agent,
Nashville, Term.; L. E. Townsley, traveling
freight agent, Nashville, Term. ; A. F. VVoaeli
traveling freight agent, Danvlile, Va.
Atlantic system — O. P. McCarty, a««istaut
eeneral passenger agent, New Orleans, Lu.
Texas Hues— L. J. Parks, assistant general
passenger agent, Houston, Tex. ; G. fi. Rob
bing, general paste uger agent 11. ana T. C.
Railway, Houston, Tex. ; W. J. Craig, general
freight agent N. V., T. and M. Railway, Vic
toria, Tex.; C. f'ahey, commercial agent, San
Antonio; H. C. Recce, commercial agent,
Houston, Tex,; J. R. Christian, commercial
agent, Galvesion, Tex. ; R. D. Kerrey, assistant
general freight agent, Dallas, Tex. ; f. A. Mil
ler, commercial agent, Fort Worth, Tex. ; J. G.
Meyerthoefer, commercial agent, Waco, Tex. ;
T. E. Hunt, commercial agent, El Paso, Tex.
S. A. and A. P. R. R.— E. J. Martin, general
freight and passenger agent, San Antonio; J.
H. Atkeisson, commercial agent, Galveston,
Tex.; A. Irvin, commercial agent, San Anto
nio; J. B. Brooks, traveling freight and pas
senger agent. Sun Antonio; A. V. Martin, com
mercial agent, Waco, Tex.
M. I. U. R.— C. K. l'unlap. generat freight
and passenger agent, C. P. Diaz, Mexico.
Pacific system— C. F. Sniurr, general freight
agent, San Francisco; T. H. Goodman, general
passenger agent, San Francisco; A. D. Shep
ard, assistant general freight and piissenger
agent, Los Angeles; William Sproule, assistant
general freight agent, San Francisco; G. W.
Luce, assistant general freight agent, San
Francisco; R. A. Donaldson, assistant general
passenger agent, San FrancUco; James Hors
burgh Jr., a-aistant general passenger agent,
San Francisco; U. R. Judab, assistant general
passe'iger agent, San Francisco; E. P. Rodgers,
assistant general freight and passenger agent.
Portland, Or.; G. W. Fletcher, general agent.
San Francisco; W. K. McAllister, general
agent, Denver, Cola ; D. R. Gray, general
agent. Salt Lake Cuy; E. A. Steifel, traveling
freight agent, Helena, Mont.; T. A. Graham,
deputy passenger and freight agent, Tacoma,
Wash.; G. H. McMitian, commercial agent,
San Diego, Ca;; C. H.Markham, deputy freight
and passenger agent, Fresno, Cal. ; E. H. Pren
tice, deputy freight agent, san Francisco; C.
J. St«epie, deputy freight agent, San Jose, Cal. ;
S. F. Booth, commercial agent, Santa Barbara,
Cal.
"These are the gentlemen who hare
been looking out for the traffic interests
of ibe Southern Pacific," remarked Gen
eral Freight Agent Smurr io a reporter
who met him aboard the train. "That
means that they have been seeking mar
kets for California's products, and we
thought it would be a good idea to bring
them out here to our State and let them
see something of the country for them
selves. With the exception of a few, ihey
hail from the Eastern, Southwestern and
Northwestern States. Tbe excursionists
include the heads of the traffic depart
ments in the territory which they repre
sent, nnd many of them are now taking
their first trip here — a trip which they
have been very desirous of making and
are enjoying very much. We want to
show tbem the producing regions of the
State and give them a general idea of tbe
lay of the land."
As the visit was entirely unexpected,
no preparation had been made by the
Commercial Association or any other
body of citizens to take the visitors to
ti.e manufacturing and other industries
of Stockton, but Mr. Smurr said he ex
pected they would stop at the wheel
works, as it was on the lias of ths road,
and take a look through it. He pointed
out the flour-mills and informed tbe ex
cursionists that Stockton w..a the great
flour-producing city of the coast.
The last stopping-place was Fresno,
from which town the excursionists ar
rived at half-past 9 o'clock. They started
for San Jose before 12 o'clock, and will ar
rive at Monterey some time to-night. At
9 o'clock to-morrow morning the visitors
will hold a convention at the Del Monte,
which will probably last two days. At
that gathering traffic matters will be dis
cussed. The convention over, they will
go to Ban Francisco.
Mountain Hnuim Hand it x SentenCtd.
COLUSA, Cal., April 12.— J. Buchanan
and bert Ansen, wbo robbed the Mountain
House on tbe nignt of March :; and who
pleaded guilty to tbe charge ot robbery,
were to-day sentenced by Judge Aloery to
serve ten years each at San Quentin.
RELIGIOUS WAR AT
ALASKA'S CAPITAL
Presbyterians Clash With
Members of the Russian
Orthodox Church.
Petitions Sent From S.tka to
President McKinley and
Czar Nicholas.
Ask for the Appointment of a Consul
to Lock After the Russian Ele
ment's Intorests.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 12.—
Silka, the capital of Alaska and iba
fountain head of numerous sensational
stories in the past concerning imaginary
Indian outbreaks, now comes to the fore
with a novelty in the line of a clash of
border factions. The new sensation,
which promises to terminate in a clash,
between the Christian adherents of the
Presbyterian missions Mid the pioneer
Russian orthodox, has developed into a
petition from the Russian element to the
"great white chief at Washington, as
well as to his Imperial Majesty Nicholas
11, EmDeror of all the Russians, to bring
about the appointment, of a Russian rep
resentative for service at Sitka.
Recently, according to the petition,
which is printed in full in the Alaskan, a
party of Presbyterians, including Gov
ernor Sheaicley and United States Marshal
L. L. Williams, interfered with the burial
of the wife of Tyee, an Indian, insisting,
that the b jay, before being consigned to
earth, be encased in two coffin.) instead of
one, as is required by the orthodox re
ligions.
In ureing upon the Czar and President
McKinley the needs of an official at SiiKa
the petitioners alleged that they were led
to believe that the country was soon to be
given over entirely into the hands of Pres
byterian missionaries, in the persons of
Judge Brady as Governor and WiJliam A.
Kelly as United States Marshal, and that
the previous performances of these men
had given color to the belief that any in
terference in the future would precipitate
a war between the church factions that
could not but result disastrously.
A census of the city of Sitka, recently
completed for the Alaskan, shows a total
of 1339 persons residing there. Of thene
275 are Americans, 174 Russians, while the
other whites are enumerated as "marines"
44, and the Pinta force 47. There are 28
Chinese and Japanese and 771 Indians.
Tha ,-tlbatroi* at ttnnta Crxtz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 12.— The
United,. States cutter Albatross arrived to
day from San Diego, and has been en
gaged all day collecting specimens under
direction of the United States Fish Com
miasion and making deep-sea soundings.
A number of Santa Cruz people went
aboard this afternoon and were hospitably
received.
", .. NEW TO-DAY. _
OUR
Stronghold is QUALITY
in
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Operating ioo stores
that's why QUALITY
is our stronghold.
Great American Imp ortina Tea Ci
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Hill more at.
617 Kearny st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st: 2510 Mission st. .
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery are.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAM EDA- 1355 Park St.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No, ID Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
blood mm I !
CHEAP ENOUGH. j
OX-BLOOD AND CHOCOLATE TANS
are the proper color*. ■ Lace Shoes are
the latest and swellest style. We have
them. .Neat lifers, solid wearers. Don't \
i wear last year's stock and styles when
I you can buy the latest, from us for - 92. -.'5.
Medium pointed toes and tips. - Cloth top.
J Chocolate, Bntlon or Lace: or Kid top, Ox-
Blood. Lace. Take your choice, $2.25.
INFANTS' TTj
OX-BLOOD jJJA
50 Cents wT^^^mtm
* hies to- the Babies, latest style, Ox-
Biood In color, hand-turned soles, very soft
anJ p lable, neat V-shaped lips, all widths,
. sites 1 io 51/ a. will be sold this week for SO
cents a pair. Tuese shoes have no spring
heels
'■* *?" Country order* solicits!. '
**- Send tor J»iew Illustrated Cataloras. -
address
. B. KATCHINSKI,
.' PHILADELPHIA t SHOE CO.,
IO Third St.. San Fnnolieo.
34
"KID" THOMPSON
MAY YET GO FREE
Hope Is Held Out to the
Condemned Train-
Robber.
Witnesses for the Prosecution to
Swear That They Were
Perjurers.
Declare That They Testified for ;he
State to Get a Portion of
the Reward.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 12.— "Kid"
Thompson may go free. It is said that
Alva Johnson will state that be testified
for the prosecution before that he night
get off with a lijtbt sentence. He will now
reverse himself and say he knows nothing
• bout the "Kid" ana bis alleged train
robberies, and that, in view of the repre
sentations made to him by the District
Attorney, he lied. It is also said that
many witnesses who testified against the
"Kid" before will now say that they testi
fied in order that they might get a por
tion of the reward.
As for Etzler, the chief witness of the
prosecution, it is said that it will be
proven that he is the man who sent the
"Kid" to the Tempe office for the money,
telling him that the package contained a
box and compass, anrt that Etzler nego
tiated with the Phoenix Chinamen for Ihe
exchange of the money from Mexican dol
lars into United States gold.
Con Mallory, however, avers that the
"Kid" will be hanged. He has been
huntin» witnesses and is supporting three
now. He sent $10 to one Kramer this
morning, telling him to come immedi
ately. The case will be called to-morrow
morning.
CAVSEIi A BLAZE AI liVARTK.
laborer Arrestrd for Incendiarism Com
mitted While Intoxicated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 12.— Ezra
N. Cokahnonr was booked at the County
Jail this morning from Duarte by Con
stable Davison on a charge of arson.
Cokahoour has been working for a man
named Baxter near Dutsrte and on Friday
last was paid and came to this city. Be
fore leaving Duarte he received a letter
from his home near Columbia, Ohio, but
he forgot to read this until he reached
Ban Pedro. When he opened the letter
be found that his sifter was dead and bis
mother wanted money from Him. . Cokuh
r.our had spent almost all of bis money,
and, being under the influence of liquor,
he became almost crazed because he had
no money to send his mother.
He » ent at once to Duart«: On arriv
ing at Baxter's house last night be found
no one there, Baxter having gone to San
Bernardino. Cokabnour entered the
house to look for something which he
might sell or pawn to get money to send
home. He believed Baxter would not care
what he took, as tie could work for money
and pay it 'deck. He lighted a lamp dur
ing his search and he was also smoking a
cigar. Tbe lamp was on the floor of the
house, ana whether it or the cigar set fire !
to the building the man is unable to tell. I
At least, the house cot on fire and be ran I
after water, but in his befuddled condition
cot none, and the building burned before
his eyas.
He then went to the constable and gars
himself up.
» .
FEATURES Oh THK TII.BIA.
Frogramtn* Arranged for the Angel
City* Hee}; of Revelry.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 12.—
programme for the week of La Fiesta de
Los Angeles has been arranged :as fol
lows:
Tuesday, April 20— Fancy-dress ball; first
appearance of her Majesty, La Reina de la
Fiesta, surrounded by her retinue of maids of'
honor, prime ministers and page?.
Wednesday, April 21— Salute at - sunrise;
music in the parks; grand street parade, a
cavalcade of cabaUeros, Chinese in gorgeous
Oriental costumes end their sacred dragon of
500 leet operated by 100 Celestials; the com
panies belonging to the National Guard lo
cated in Southern California, uniformed so
cieties, etc. ; grand concert, vocal and . instru
mental music by well-known artists.
Thursday. April 22— Athletic sports, Indian
and Spanish native sports, tournaments, bi
cycle races, etc., illuminrted pageant, descrip
tive of tne "Legends ot Flowers," magnificent
spectacular procession of twenty artistic floats
with life figures. •
Friday, April 23— The most attractive, elab
orate and artistic floral parade, possible only
in Southern California; equipages, tally-hos,
carriages, horses, gayly bedeciced with every
variety of fresh flowers; the most remarkable
end noted event of La Fiesta; water carnival
and fireworks at the public park.
Saturday, April 24— Children's day— Pa-"
triotic exercises, flag-raising. Maypole dancing,
etc.; revelry of maskers in the public streets,
participated in by rich and poor, old and
young.
BA.SGED HIMSELF IA JAIL.
Demented Ectcrna Vuzzman Wound But
p*nda* fat lit* Cell.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 12.— Rowena
Guzzman, confined in the padded cell at
the County Jail awaiting his examina
tion for insanity, hanged himself thi»
morning with bis belt to the grating of
Bis cell window. About ten minutes be
fore Guzzman was found dead a trusty
had riven him a glass of water. Deputy
Sheriff Monaban looked into the cell a
little later and saw tbe fellow's body sus
pended to the window grating.
Guzzman was a Mexican, about 40
years of age. Hi was a very hard drinker,
find it was this that caused his insanity.
He was the Mexican who cared for Galixio
Garcia, the as^d Spaniard who died some
weeks, ago, 117 years old.
PMl»f/i»» for Frutt-Grotvert.
LOS ANGELEH, Cal., April 12.— The
citrus tar. ff committee of Southern Cali
fornia met at the Chamber of Commerce
this afternoon. It discussed means of
bringing influence to bear on Congress to
induce that body to fix s duty of 1 cent a
pound on citrus fruits. Considerable
money has been raised lor the purpose,
but more is needed. Senator White left
last night lor Wasnington and will make
a special fight for this tariff. A telegram
from ex-Congressman McLacblan states
that the appointment of Senator Burrows
of Michigan to tLe Finance Committee
indicates tnat the rat*- * ill be increased,
as asked, to 1 cent a pound.
Jnlimnu Wa» *ot Libeled.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 12— The
$25,000 libel suit brought by the Rev. I.
T. Johnson against the Fresno Republican
ended to-day Jn a verdict for t< c defend
ant. Judge Welborn instructed the jury
at some length, summing up against the
Rev. Mr. Johnson. Afur beine out for
about on« hour, the jury returned its
verdict. To-morrow the second ca«e— that
against the Fresno Expositor for $25 000—
brought by Rev. Mr. Johnson, will be
tried.
Jwtul Heath at Cambria.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 12—
Nftws was received to- day of tbe terriDle
death of au infant son of Charles Potter,
at Camoria, on Friday. The child fell
into a caldron of boiling water.
iy HAS JOSE' IHYOtti B COUJtT.
Three Couplet Who Jhruml .Vat ned Lift
Prolific in lUneord.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— OHye M.
George was granted a divorce from Ed
ward C. George, on the ground of deser
tion, by Judge* Lorigan to - day. The
mother was granted the custody of a five
year-old son and $20 a month alimony.
They were married in Oakland eight years
ago.
Louise Demanini to-day began suit
a ainst Joseph Demaruni for a d:vorce on
the ground of cruelty. They were mar
ried in this city in 1891 and have a child 1
years of age.
Sarah J. Gott al.«o wants her marriage
with her husband, William Gott, set aside
on account of extreme cruelty. The Gotts
have been married but a few years and
bave frequently quarreled, and it is
claimed tuat the defendant Jrequantly en
deavored to choke his wife. A couple of
weeks ago Gott deserted the plaintiff and
is now in tne northern part of the State.
Train* '<> Alum Keck.
SAX JOSE, Cal., April 12.— The exten
sion of the motor line into Aiura Rock
Park is nearly completed, and by next
Sunday care will bo making regular trips
to the bathhouses. Tht t.unnel was fin
ished last week, and yesterday trains were
running through it. Visitors U» the park
will be saved a three-quarter-mile walk by
the extension of the road. The train ser
vice to Alum Rock w.il be improved, ard
it is expected the attendance at the resort
will be larger this summer than ever be
fore. The Park Commission has made ar
rangements to increase the supply of min
eral water fjr drinking and bathing pur
poses.
tfdd Frllnve* Hilt Bold a Picnic.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— The Odd
Fellows of Santa Clara County will bold a
picnic at Alum Rock Park on Odd Fel
lows' day, April 26. In ttie evening there
will bean entertainment at Turn Verein
Hal!. Ti;e San Jose societies have charge
of the affair, and have sent invitations to
ail societies in the county.
JOHN KELLY TO COME WEST.
Within a Week He Will Start for Cali
fornia in -ha Interests of Monroe
Salisbury.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.— John
Kelly of Directum fame has been in tele
graphic communication with Monroe
Salisbury several day?, and expects to
leave for California before the end of the
week to resume the oM relations with the
noted breeder. Kelly says Salisbury will
be back en the turf this year with a stable
of crack trovers and pacers campaigning
them in Marcus Daly's Montana circuit,
then coming East for the big fall meet-
Ings in New York and New England.
It is under tool that Salisbury will
have the horses belonging to C. L. Grif
fith. Saveral of Griffith's fliers are en
tered for the Fleetwood meeting. Ono of
them is a green trotter, Jim Albert. This
horse was eligible to a $1000 stake for
three-minute trotteis, bni the owner
passed the slow class tor chance to win
larger money in faster compeny, entering
him in the $3000 stake for 2:30 trotters and
the $3000 stake for 2:24 horses. It is re
ported that Salisbury will train Agate,
2:04%. for the coming campaign.
1O WELCOME FIJZSIMJIOXB.
Sew lor'; Hportm Will Glee Corbett'
Victor a Great Send- Off.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.— the
plan to receive Fitzsimmons, who is sx
pected to reach New York to-morrow, is
adhered to, the occasion promises to
eclipse any demonstration ever given any
pugilist after a victory. . FiUsimmons,
who will be accompanied by his wife and
child and trainers, will be met at the
ferry by a large number of 'admirers,
headed by a band. Fitzsimmons will be
driven to a hotel in a carriage, jrayly deco
rated, bearing the inscription: "'•Cham
pion of champion;. Welcome home, Bob
Fitzsimtnont."
After a lengthy parade t He champion
will be serenaded at the hotel. Supper
will follow, at which Fitzsirnmon; will
be asked to tell h' *he defeated Corbett.
Sporting men believe Fiizsimmons will
reconsider bis determination to retire and
announce- bis intention oi fighting soon
again. It is the opinion that Fitzsini
mons was foolish to act as he did after
defeating Corbett. It is said that Billy
Brady will meet Fitzsimmons at the depot
and challenge him on behalf of Corbett.
HI W A. Alt HIS STMIhG.
Goe» to 3eto York to Get Heady for
... Gentlemen Jne'tey I'.Qf*.
NEW YORK, K. V.. April 12.— Hnnn.
tun well-known gentleman rider and
trainer of W. S. Hobart's string' before the
latter's retirement from the turf last fali,
arrived to-day from San Francisco.- He
started from the Pacific with Ferrier,
Forma), a four-year-old colt by Caynga-
Prudery; four two-year-olds, the prop
erty of Eugene Leigh, and Conscription,
a mare belonging to E. D. Emrnons,
; Princeton. The two-year-olds, two of
i whom are by Morel!, were left at Chicago.
Bright Phoebus and Sab Maito, a three
year-old, of whom great things were ex
pected, . remain in the West. Bright
Phoebus has broken down' completely and
is now in stud.- Ban Ma tea. will receive a
year of comparative rest and Oiea com*
oat as a four-year-old. Uunn said he had
come here early for the purpose of getting
both him sell' ana Ferrier thoroughly nt
for races confined to gentlemen jockeys.
EARP TALKS AT 1 OMA.
Say* Sailor bharke* Will Win Bit Battle
With Jin her
YUMA, Ariz., April 12— Wyatt Earn,
who is traveling with Sharkey, the sailor
pugilist, stopped in Yuma yesterday to
visit friends whom be became acquainted
with in the old days at Tombstone. Eirn
says that In bharkey's tight with Maher
the whirlwind Irishman will ba out
classed. He predicts that within two
years the sailor will be wearing the world's
championship belt, and that the man who
take* it away from him will have to be
developed later on. Sharkey appeats to
be in -ood condition, though somewhat
fleshy, and suys he feela sure he will be
able to best Mauer, who, nevertheless, he
considers a first-class man.
COJtJiBTI'S J.ATEBT SCHEVt..
Want* to Train Kid Coy to IS hip
l'ittiitmiin h. .■- — :: '-.■
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 12.—
Cor belt arrived- to-day. Said he: "If Kid
McCoy defeats Cieedon I; will take him
up and guarantee to put him into condi
tion to defeat Fitzsimmons ;if tbe latter
will meet' him. =It is not that I want to
see Fitzsimmons beaten, but I believe any
good man can lick him, and if McCoy is
the man he is. t aid to be 1 will enow him
how to do the trick." •. : • -< - -.
.»'iv Jntr Jload Hacr.
SAN JOSE, Cal, April 12.— The five
mile handicap road race of the Turn
Verein Cyclers over the ilUpitas course
yesterday afternoon was won by Charles
Dabie, who had a handicap of fifty sec
ond". R. H. Hammonds wa« second.
Dable's time was Vl-.27. J. B. Wing. th«
scratch man, rode the distance in 12:04,
despite a fali, ana broke the coarse record.
B»«g-»ge Transferred to Trains, Steamers
Also moved in the City.ffiMSHHBBH
Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street and 050 Market street.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
ONE DOG WORTH
A DOZEN HORSES
Paying Market for Canines
in the Yukon Mining
Country.
Large Numbers of the Animals
Shipped in for Service in
Sledging.
Sell for F^ncy Prices, While Equine
Beasts of Burden Cannot B:
Given Away.
TACOMA, Wakh., April 12.— Dors have
sudcenly become more valu?bie than
Horses in this section of the Northwest.
This unique condition of affairs results
from the great and crowing demand for
flop.- to be used in hauling sedges in the
Yukon country, Alaska. Winle thou
sands of horses for which their owners
cannot get $3 per head are roaming over
the plains of Eastern Washington and
Oregon goo<l-sized canines are bringing
from ?!•"> to $30 each in the local market.
At Juneau tutir value is double that sum,
and on the Yukon River a good do? brings
$100. To the Yuson miner the dog nas
become what the reindeer is to the Lap
lander and the pony to the cowboy of
Texas and Mexico — a beast of service and
a most valuable one.
Every steamer sailing for Alaska for
three months past has borne northward
ssverel dozens of canines destined for ser
vice in front of heavily laden sledges.
They are taken by coat to Dyea, at the
head of salt-water navigation, and there
put into harness to assist in hauling the
precious outfits and supplies over the
Chlikoot Pass and down the farther
slopes to the series of fresh-water lakes
forming the headwaters of the Yukon's
tributaries.
Up to May, when the ice breaks up, dog
teams glide over the smooth surfaces of
the lakes with a surprising rapidity, con
-8 dering the loads they ate hauling. There
are portages to be made around dangerous
rapids, and here again their services are
invaluable. Arrived at the central posts,
such as Forty Mile or Circle City, both
men and dogs take a rest, but in most
cases the dogs are soon put into harness
again for » trip to the diggings along the
numerous creeps where shining gold is
being washed out. '
The sledgedogs are too valuable not to
be well cared for when care is possible.
Their owners' first thought in this respect
is to obtain for them plenty of food, which
consist:* principally of fish, usually salmon,
caught in the Yukon River by the natives.
An ordinary dog will eat daitv two pounds
of fresh fish. At Forty Mile last winter
dried salmon sold at 20 10 .'.<.» cents a
pound, and bacon that was fit only for
dogs to eat sold for 37; : cents a pound.
in some of the larger camps on the Yukon
dog boarding-houses have been estab
lished where the . canines are properly
cared for at from $6 to $15 a mouth, ac
cording to the season and price of dog
food. ;•<•-, •• •..:•■• - :
The native Yukon dog is much more
valuable than the importations from
Puget Bound. The dogs must be accli
mated in order to stand the ; severities of
the winter. it is found that dogs taken
from Montana and Dakota endure the
Yukon winters, with less suffering than
those bred in the milder climate of Puget
Sound. Two -splendid specimens of na
tive Alaska dogs were brought to Tacoma
a few days ago, their owner Undine it
cheaper to pay their passage on the
earner than to have them boarded at
Dyea during his trip down for supplies.
Tue animals weigh 82 and 83 pounds, re
spectively, the larger one having cost its
owner $117 at Circle City. These animals
are stout, well proportioned and muscled,
and have exceptionally short and heavy
neck?. Their ears are short and lifted
like those of tne Esquimau dog. Their
coats are daik, and. the hair, when not
close, is . smooth and heavy enough to
form a comfortable protection against the
Arctic winters and also the Yukon mos
quitoes, by the side or .which the ferocity
ot the New Jersey variety pales into in
significance. .
An especially prepared dog food, made
out of meal and coarse meat from the
packing-houses, is being manufactured in
the form of a cracker and seems likely to
come into general use in Alaska.
Buckskin moccasins are provided by
many owners to keep the feet oS the faith
ful little draft animals from being worn
raw on the ice and snow. They are about
nine inches Jong and made much after
the pattern of a child's stocking. Pack
saddles are coming into use this spring.
These are so arranged that the dogs can
carry a weight of from ten to twenty
pounds, besides drawing a sled. The sad
dle-bags fall on either side, and straps are
arranged to prevent the pack sliding for
ward or backward. ; /
A Tacoraa dealer naa built up a large
busiutss in the manufacture of dog har
ness. The collar is made to itfp over the
dog's head, obviating tbe necessity of
buckling it about the animal's neck when
the driver's hsn'is are coil and numb.
The collar is made of leather faced with
sheepskin and bluffed with deer hair.
The hames are included in the coil ar and
attached to them are buckles for fasten
ing the traces. On each collar are placed
rings, to which the traces of a dog in the
lead may be attached, making it easy to
drive teams in tandem. Traces to the
harness for native dogs are made of heavy
web material, because the dogs eat the
leather Harness. They ucvour the collars
on sight if permitted. This peculiar
craving makes it necessary to kenp tbe
animals separated when harnessed, so
they will not masticate each other's col
lars. When the web traces become oily
tbe dogs chew even them, and it is only a
matter of time when the web irappings
become food for the hungry caninet.
This spring several ingoing parties have
taken in burros and small botsei in lieu of
dogs for draft and general service beasts.
It is claimed that pony or burro will draw
3000 pounds on the frozen surface of a
lake. Another advantage claimed is that
tbey can be more profitably used as pack
animals daring the summer. A Circle
Ciiy firm works a train of thirteen horses,
hauling from 800 to 1300 pounds each on
sleda and requiring but three drivers. All
returned miners, however, unite in de
clarine that tne do* is holding bis own
well against the competition of toe horse
and wiil be needed there in large numbers
for y-ars to come. It is expected that
within a few years the Government will be
aote to -upply many reindeer from the
herd now established at Point Barrow.
B. M. McClaine and A. If. Steams, two
Eastern, iuiner.«, have lost started north
with a ntw kind of freight conveyance.
It is a water and ice craft comoined.
The main part is a box built like a laree
watering trough, eight feet long, twenty
two inches wide across tne bottom, three
feet across the top and twenty-two inches
high. Beneath the box are two rucners
hve inchrs i igh nnd a little ionger than
the bed. The party has six of these con
veyances, which will be used as sleda on
laud and boats on water. For use ia the
water two of the sleds will be joined to
gether by blocks at the ends, making a
stronger water craft. To each side of the
conveyaace a lot; will be attached to ren
der it more buoyant. The troughiike
boxes are made of galvanized iron, and it
is intended to sell them on the Yukon for
bathtub;, the usual p: ice of a bath there
being $1.
ELECTIONS IH CALIFORNIA CITIES.
High- License Faction Carries the Day in
Pcmcna— Results in Santa Ana
and Chico.
lOMONA, Cal., April 12.— Election of
city officers for the next two years took
place here 10-day after the fiercest and
most earnest campaign ever known here.
Tne high-llcer.se party has elected the
whole city ticket, with the possible excep
tion ol Marshal and City Attorney, for
which offices the vote is so close that it
will not be decided before morning. The
campaign was fought until tbe close of the
polls. Every vote that could be had was
gone for. To-day the whol* city has been
absorbed in the election. Prayer meetings
were held hourly in the cliurchns until
sunset for the success of the prohibition
cau;e, while the high-license party moved
every possible agency in behalf of its suc
ce?s.
SANTA ANA, Cal., April 12.— The city
election here to-day. was non-partisan in
character. . No party tickets were in the
field, all ot the candidates running inde
pendently and being placed on tickets by
petition. Out of ten officials elected eight
were Democrats. The vote was us follows:
Board of Education (to elect two)— C.
D. Bali 633, W. F. Luth 319. E. D. Waffle
481. Marshal— W. N." Corwin 32. A. C.
Curtice 279, R. A. Graham 431, A. Nitrg 115.
Treasurer— R. if. Chilton 535. M. D. Hul:a
day 335. Recorder— G. E. Freeman 351, J.
T. Nourse 323. G. Spurgeon 160. City
Clerk — Ed Ledford's vote was unanimous,
824, there being bo other candidate. At
torney—S. A. Bowes 61, W. F. Heatham
460, H.T.Matthews 332. Trustees— l irst
Warn, John Ava» 133,- Henry Carpenter
77; Third Ward, C. B. Lewis 66, G. A. E i
gar 106; Fourth Ward. George E. Robin
son 51, G. D. Parsons 92.
CHICO, Cal.. April 12.— One of the most
hotly contested elections ever held in
Chico was that of to-day. Candidates for
the vacancies in the city offices and for
School Directors Lad been very active for
the pas; month in canvassing the different
wards. The riant was Bitter throughout
the whole campaign, aud the vote
was the largest ever cast here. Those
elected were: Marshal, H. C. Mansfield;
City Clerk, diaries Woods; City Treas
urer, Joseph Sawtell; Recorder, Julien
Burroughs; Trustee First Ward. O. L,
Clark; Trustee Second Ward. E. E. Can
field; Trustee Filth Ward. E. Warren;
School Directors— Joe D. fcproul, A. J.
Landis, H. C. San bourn; Tax Collector,
C. A. T.-ipD.
FRESNO, Cal . April 12.— The result of
the municipal election held in this city to
day was a great victory for the Repub
licans. It. means the indorsement by. the
people of the excellent administration of
the city's affairs for the past four years by
ti at party. The voters elected the Re
publican candidate.-, excepting M. V. Ash
brock for City Recorder and C. L. Waller
for School Trustee. The .following were
elected: Trustee?, C. J. Craycroft and
Joseph Spinney; Clerk. J. W. Shankltn;
Marsha!, M. L. \Voy; Treasurer, Charles
11. Swett; Assessor, J. M. Collins; Attor
ney, Lewis H. Smith; Recorder, A.M.
Clark; School Trustees— S. L. Hogue,
George B. Noble and L. O. Stephens. Mr.
Smith made a phenomenal run for Attor
ney, receiving three votes to on- for N. C.
Caldwell, his opponent. Mr. Smith is a
young lawyer, graduating from Stanford
University in 1894.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 12.— Sli
hundred and thirty votes were cast in the
election Here to-day. The contest was be
tween me Tex Keiorm League candidates
and the citizens' ticket, the inner win
nin -. Eickhaff uni Morebead were elected
Trustees and ;he vote between Gieske and
Miller is in doubt. Tne othors elected
were: Dustin, Clerk; Dougherty, Assessor:
Boyd, Attorney; Haley, Marshal. The
result on the Recordersbip is in doubt.
SAY BERNARDINO, Cal., April 12.—
The municipai election to-dsy resulted in
the election of the Republican candidates
for Attorney, Clerk, Recorder, Assessor
and one Trustee. Tne Fusionists elected
Marshal, Treasurer and two Trustees. A
Non-Partisan Board of Education received
ail the vo.es.
ALARM AT MARE ISLAND.
Belief That Many Attaches Supposed to
Hold Life Positions Are to Be
Removed.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 12.—Consterna
tion was depicted on many countenances
at the Mare Island Navy-yara this after
noon when it became known that the
commandaut had received a large package
of blank forms, one cf which must be tilled
out by each and every man supposed to
hare become a ".ifer" iv the Government
service through the sweeping order of ex-
Presideut Cleveland and ex-Secretary of
the Navy Herbert a few months a^o. The
blanss are to be issued to the foremen,
qiKirtermen, clerks, draughtsmen, special
laborers — in feet, to every person not
known as a mechanic or laborer— to all
*in) have anytuing to do in a clerical ca
pacity, with the possible exception of four
men who have tome to the yara certified
to oy the United Slates Civil Service Cum
ruiaaioo.
The form requires that the one to whom
it is issued snail explain through wnut
manner his place is held and give Uis sex.
height, age, physical condition and moral
fitness, moral attributes and clerical com
petence for the place til.cd by him. It is
expected that foremen will have to un
dergo another examination, but whether
the order takes in apprentices is not yet
known.
Ilia well known that among those per
forming clerical duties at tue navy-yard
the administration ca^i rind not more
than three or lour men in accord with the
political views of tbe President, the Secre
tary of the Navy, the rest of the Cabinet
officers and the majority of the Senate and
House of Representatives. ThOße receiv
ing blank* will be required to till them
oat forthwith for tran^rn.ttal to the Xavy
Department. It is anticipated that few
will be left and many will go.
The Alert will come to ihe navy-yard
on Wednesday and be docked.
The tug Unadilla will leave for Oakland
on Wednesday with a lot of shells, howit
zers, etc., to decorate the Grand Army
plat in Mountain View Cemetery.
It Is rumored that Commander Seabury,
now in command of tne Thetis, which is
expec.«"d to arrive at the navy-yard any
time, will be detailed as relief of Captßin
McCulla, in charge of the equipment de
partment, who will be detached ou the
15th of the present month from command
of that department.
The Monadnock and Monterey are ex
pected at the yard on May 10. '
Kill d >enr Han Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal, April 12.—
Charles Button xvas Instantly killel thia
evening by a Santa Fe train coming from
Redlandß to this^ity. .Button waa walk
iup along the track and failed to heed the
warning of the engineer. It is supposed
that he was intoxicated. The dead man
was somewhat notea in the criminal nis
tory of this couritv and was twice tried
for the murder of Gus Bohme two years
ago. He was linaiiy acquitted on the
tround of sell-defen3e.
Placed i.i Hi erf; lon At him.
STOCKTON. Cal., April 12. -Davis, the
maniac who was announced by Conlter
ville iesters to be Murderer Dunham of
Campbell, was placed In the Stnte asylum
in this city by Deputy Sheriff Butler cf
Mariposa County this forenoon. He bears
no resemblance to the Campbell fugitive.
The story of his assault upon a tellow
workman near Coukerville has already
been related. Armed with a knife he
chased the man fur nearly Jour miles, and
wag with difficulty overpowered.
WRAITH OF ARGO
IN MARIN`S JAIL
This Time It Is a Woman
Who Sees the Suicide's
Ghost.
Annie Kehoe's Night of Horror
in the Haunted Cell at
San Rafael.
la a Frenzied Effort to Escape She
Dr?gs Her Bed lato Another
Apartment.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 12. -Once
again has the chest of Argo made its ap
pearance in Marin's Coumy Jail, This
time a woman, Annie Keboe, saw it, and
to escape from its evil influence dragged a
bed from tbe bauuted cell, where ghastly
figures tannted her, into an adjoining cell,
only to find that the apparition, with its
uncanny scare and lowmoanins, followed.
The woman told her story to Under Sher
iff John Hannon to-day. It is tbe s>ame
as tbat told by other unfortunates who
have been locked in the haunted cell and
been compelled to SDend a night with the
ghostly yisitor.
"I'll bet you a thousand dollars to a
nickel that I saw a ghost, if my life
is worth it," said she in reply to a
taunt tbat she was ouiy dreaming. "I
was lying on my cot when I caw a men
crouching on tbe floor right near the
tanks. I was terribly frightened and the
man was continually moaning. He was
dressed in dark clothes and wore a large,
black slouch hat with a big brim and
seemea to have two coats on."
County Treasurer J. T. Fallon, who was
under sheriff at tbe time prisoner Arco
kii;ed himself in the cell which he is now
said to haunt, was sent for and Annie
Kenoe repeated the description of the
ghost to him. He said that she described
Argo minutely aud that at the time Argo
committed suicide in the cell he had on
two coats and was dressed and looked as
described by tbe woman.
Annie Kehoe was arrested last Thurs
day nipht for petty larceny, she having
been charged with stealing a woman's
wrap. To-day she was before Justice Rod
den o! San Rafael and was acqu tied.
Wlien me returned to the County Jail for
her br-longings sbe showed the Usuer
Sheriff and Treasurer Fallon where the
ghost crouched. Her bedding was on the
floor in tbe adjoining cell, whither she
had dragged it iv her efforts to escape
from the apparition. She said that she
saw the ghost of a Chinaman, also. She
described her ihriliing experience vividly,
and when she le:t the prison this after
noon she exclaimed :
"Thank God, I won't have to spend an
other night in that terrible place."
The ghost has b»en seen by other pris
oners before. Murderer Kellv. who
stabbed a feslow-convict at fcsn Qnentin
i rison and who was tried at San Rafael
ior the crime, sDent a night in the
haunted ceil, and was foundiu the morn
ing by the Sheriff's <leputi-s in a frenzied
state. Ue said a ehost had visited him,
and that he would commit suicide if the
{Sheriff would not taka him ont of the
cell rather than pass such another night
as the one he had just gone through.
Argo, whose apparition is causing all
trouble, was arrested for some petty of
fense and confined in this cell. The next
day hi 9 lifeless body was found on the
llcor, and s-ince that time prisoners have
repeatedly said that th.y have seen his
tjhosU
A Chinaman, who had never heard of
the stories in regard to the cell and who
was unable to read English, related the
same tale as did Annie Kehoe. The mys
tery has never b?en explained, and tramps
without number, who have beard of the
phostly visitor, have given San Rafael a
wide berth for fear of being confined in the
haunted cell.
"I cannot acconnt for it," said Under
Sheriff Hanr.on, "but it is a fact that the
descriptions of the apparition tally in each
instance."
ftounnea for I'nmoin Orchard uf <.
POMONA, Cal., April 12.— The fact that
grape fruit, otherwise known as the Po
melo or Shaddock, has been bringing
about $10 a box in the Eastern market for
several weeks, and has not brought less
than $8 a box this season, has made fruit
growers in this region eager to plant
orchards of grape fruit. There is, there
fore, ten times more planting o! tins
veriety of fruit than ever beiore, while
the acreage set to orange and lemon
groves has not been so small in nine years
as it is this season. Several persons who
have small tracts planteu tp grape fruit
have made as much as $13 per tree this
season. At that rate one ecre of grapa
fruit would ba worth nearly $2900 this
year.
Meunte* I'olic - for the lukon-
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 12.— Twenty
Canadian mounted police left for Fort
Canstantine to-day to join a force of
twenty already there. They are in charge
of Inspector Scarth. Every n>an is picked
for endurance and courage, and each is a
model of Derfect manhood. Hunters,
miners, scouts and guides accompany
them.
Ktndrie : H,it* Tacotna.
TACOMA, Wash., April 12.— General
Manager J. W. Kendrick of the Northern
Pacific and wife, accompanied by .Mr. and
Mrs. O. McM. Reeva, arrived in tbis city
from Portland this evening in th«!ir private
car. Mr. Kendrick declared himself de
lighted *ith his six weeks' sojourn in
California. Captain Whistler of the
Northern Pacific Steamship Company
save a dinner in their honor on the
steamship after their arrival.
Tenant tor Handaburg'a Loelcup.
RANDSBURG, Cal., April 12— Frank
Small, a rounder, was arrested this even
ing on suspicion of having robbed S. W.
K. Hevron in the latter* store Sunday
morning. For weeks Small has not done
anything. To-dsy he had plenty of
money.
Dying at fan Hafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 12.— James
Saunders, superintendent of the County
Hospital and Poor Farm, is ill with pneu
monia and is not expected to survive until
morning.
JOY'S VEGETABLE BARSAPARILLA TAKES
avray the surplus bi:e and leaves the liver
n perfect order. It i« a true iiver regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA CAN
" be used by old or young. Take It moder-
ately. Kemember that moderation in every-
thing tends to longevity.
• — hew to-day: .' ____rl
tf QLDEf\ JWLE
C3-R,-A.ISr3D
Reorganization Sale?
NEW MANAGEMENT!
NEW DEPARTMENTS ARE TO BE ADDED
MORE ROOM NEEDED!
We have Reorganized Our Entire Easiness and Will at 8 o'Uock
THIS MORNING, APRIL 13th,
Throw open our .doors for the GREATEST REDUCTION SHE eTer known
in San traneiset We propose to make prices without precedent in this
city. As fast as lots' an sold others equally tempting will take their * /
place. Our buyers are about to start fur the East and Europe, and no
effort will h spared to make room for new purchases.
NOTE.— During This Sale Our Store Will Be Closed at 6 P. M.
SATURDAY NIGHT OPEN TILL 10:30.
BELOW ARE A FEW QUOTATIONS.
GENTLEMEN'S WEAR.
Rezular Pale
Price. Price.
Fedora Hats,' spring shades $1 75 $1 15
Stiff Hats, -priai; Derby...... 190 1 10
Japanes" Straw 45 25
seven styles straws 50 29
' Bovs'CafiS • 50 29
, YMChting Caps 25 19
Traveline Cars 35 19
Boys' Turbans....... 25 . i 5
Initial Handkerchiefs 25 10
All-wool saea'.ers 100 Si
Ladies' Fane •• Sweaters 150 115
Celluloid collars ....;... IS - 08
Suspenders 25 10
Go 1 and Eicyclo Hose . - 6U • 21
Piquet Ties 13 08
Geuis' Fast Black Hose 15 10
COMBINATION POCKETBOOKS.
Combination Focketbooks,. embossed* leather
and pi an. with silver corners.. 23:
Ladips' combiiiatioo Pocketbooks, * Seal
Morocco, Calf and Fane- Leather, regu-
lar price &sc. *1 and $125 59 C
The same in hlgb-gt ade beal. Alligator anil .
La<>st Lea;hers; regular price $1 50.
SI 75 to $2 25 .....SI 15
HOUSE-FURNISHINQS.
AGATEWARE AT TINWARE PRICES. ALL BEST STEEL- ENAMELED.
V£*S5£VT •'■ 4-qt Stew Pan, steel
\si£&''' v.^3 tnamel ;....39c
Iywv1 I '*"--.jW 1-calon Water Plt-
XafiS^*-'.^ 13-inch Square Roasi
'* -*"" • Pans ...48c
2-qt. Coffee P0t.... 43c Js" '%l,
2qL Coffee Biggins. 42c tIJT I , V< ■ ' t[J\tf*®
11-Inch Wash Basin. 18c S» Vjl M
5-inch Cuspidor 33c JwK *D<s
1 1 Inch Fry Pans .... 360 £&&*.*• —Ugla
.^LSmiMh m "m'^ «T-i^&^. 10-qusrt ' Steel-
/HKflL"'»'mi -•|f'i-Si enameled Dish
(^^^^g^ Fan -*3=
%^^!-'? -CrZf ' 12- quart Milk
WA- 1 ? I .^ .UP Pans 37c
lADIFS' Misses' Biarrltss 38c
UIUH - 0 4 Larxe pear . Button Kid 6Oc
pi fiVF^ 4 larte P«*arl Button ilerby «Vtc
.ULUVLO. 7. H00k Foster Heal Kid...". 87 C
FANS. ~ : "; !
; • Peznlar ?a'e
All Feather ............$2 00 60-
Silk Gauze................. 3 00 5100;
CLOCKS,WATCHESandSILVERWARE
Nlck«l>larm Clock, guaranteed 58c
8-day Cabinet Clock, i^-liour CaUirdral Ooug
s regular price 95 50 t0....;.". 93 15
8-day Mantel Clock, oak or walnut, regular - • <
price 91 50. t0...... .;:.....-...,.....- 335
Genuine Victor" Wa - ches, penieut set, res- -
lar price $3, t0.. • ....,.....:.. 2 35
QUADRUPLE PLATE. .
Regular Sale ■
Prlco. ■ Price.
Butter Di5h...... .1...fl 50 r 89c
Pickle Caster 1 60 89c
rake Baske:. 1 50 *>9c
Dessert Sst, 8 piece 5........ 5 00 92 85
BOOK DEPARTMENT.
During this sale we will sell all Publications at at least 20 per cent discount
from publishers' prices, and in many instances much tower.
Pub. sa'e 1
Price. Pr.oe.
100 Titles. Cloth Bound Books 9 25 9 14
150 Titles, Gilt lop, Cloih Bound
Books WJ 18
200 Titles, for I ovs and Girls 50 'JS
Genuine Ha f Ca:f Kocw* 140 50
The --Standard Dictionary" the lat-
est aud best, index.-d 13 00 10 80
A FEW SETS.
Pr^scoti's Conquest o? Ifextco or
Peru. 2 vol., set 100 67
Cooper's la. at her siockiu? Tales, 5
vo 150 73 i
Shakespeare's Works, 7 vol 2 50 1 07 |
Dickens' v ores, 12 vol 500 2 90 j
Bui wer Lyuou'a Works. 13 vol 6 00 2 93 i
FRENCH MIXED CANDIES—
* ■ During Sale 25c a Pound.
TISSUE PAPER, LAMP SHADES, etc
4000 Foils fatln-flnish Crepe Tissne I'atier.lOc mil I Prnc teal Typewriter*. *rnr h »2J . ' - 93 33
Crepe Paper 1 amp angles, with f10Aen.......45c Chad's ••Ideal" S^wln* Machine, *sC"to""" *2 85
Bpa.dlnV* Ofliclal Lps/u^ 8a5aba1U.. ;.:....... 55c ' »Uu>i Helper" Carp« Sleeper... '" lTc
Mexican Gnus -Hamm0ck5. .....;........-..... 48c ! 1 hlid's Solid Oak Desks ' ..-' /'""s7c
4000 Aities SHEEt MU51C... ...... ...5c I Boys* Wood Wagon. 11x21, iron axle, $1 tb»Bc
DOLLS! DOLLS! DOLLS!
Foil Patent Jo i mod Tolls. Papi« Hache. with t
moving wrist anl sleeping eyes, full Jiohalr Wig: !
,- •.-■*: . . Keg.-,j- -.. o -
■■--■ ■.■•'':■ ■ .-. 1 rice. . Pr.oe. .
14 inches long .'.........^560 1 8H
in Inches ion*.-.. 7.-.;. ..;..:....- 1 25 ' t6
•21 Inones 10ng..-.....-.,......;.. 1 «5 8*
u^jiaincaes long ....... ...,..-....; 2 60 ■ 118'
GOLDD\RULEBAZAAIt
718-722 Market St. and 23-27 Geary St.
Toilet Articles, Etc.
Cuticnra Soap IZ^ic
La Blache Face Powder, box 25c
Murray «fc Lanmari's Florida Water 39c
Pears' u'nscemed boap.: 103
Cashmere Boaque: Soap .21.- ■
Packers' Tar soap A ........:i2i,',3
Kozer &■ Pallet's Peau d'Kspagae Ex*.r*ct-...^7&c
Gosnell's Cherry Tooth Paste 25c
Sozodont..... 1. .....44c
CbeeseorouKh Large Vatelrne '..;.......... 7c.
Genuine -Virgin' Brand French, Cauile Soap. !
31b. bar ...l 9c
Genuine Tetlow Gossamer P0wder. ....... .....10c
Genuine Tetlow Swan Down Powder.. 7c
Imperial Tooth Powder. .T.. ; 170
Kirk's. ler<ei.s and Fel's Heaps, regular 3 for •
25c, per box 17c '
Imported Bay Hum, from 25c to .'.l3c
Rostfoana Dentifrice, a delicious tooth wash,
from 25c to ; 13c
Nelson's Amic3.se 350 -
Imported Tootn Brushes, worth 15c .* 8c »
7-row Nail Brash, bone bandie, winged, worth
35c .......•.; isc •.
"Demy" Patent Cur. Ing Irons frcm 15c to if*
X* 5-qu Tea Ket-
t(\ Btvje'* % . 2- quart Klce
lffiK*^ v * xja& 2-<Jt. Dipper.. Me
6-quart Preserving - . _^^»»^^
: Kettle 47c m^^^^^^
10-inch Pie Plates... 18c /KV'^'V^ ,»*i^^^
2-pt. Fruit Funnels.. 13c X" T 'l' m ii jXfg
4-«jt. Berlin Sauce V-S^^jSfcoSa
Pans 62c Vi^^'PUT^ J&
2-qt. TeaPot 34c V^.V^jttAy^
4-qaart Measure's... ". 320
10-Inch Chambers .. " "4'lc
13x18 inch Foot Tub -......'.'.'7.7' 740
5-quart Pudding Pans '.1.".'31 c
special CUTS in all styles METAL AND
CELLULOID FKAMKS.
' Begnlar Sale
! Bohemian Vases, 9-inch f 50 87c*
, Bohemian Vases, 12- inch 75 53,.
! 6-Inch Jardinieres to 3'c
7- 'nca Jardinieres. 75 45-
-9-Inch JarJlaierrs 1 25 750
STATIONERY.
Huri's Paper. . "Napoleon." _ "Early Eng-
lish," "Boyal White" and -Kid Finish,"
a!l8!:tes •-.. ...10c quire
Envelopes 10 match, 25 f0r........ 10c
Sterling Sliver Waist Sets from2scto 18c
White Metal Beit Pins ...from scto 3c
Solid Gold Rings..;... ....from 91 to 49c
Russell's Whlte-handie Knives, dozsn.... $2 65
White-handle Carvers, 5et......:...; :.........$2 $-,
Aluminum Tea Spoonj.'doxsn... ..from 91 to 70c
Alumlnnm Table Spoons and Forks. d0t«a.. 91 85
Rogers A Bras Triple-plate Tea Spoons, doz 91 80
Roger* & Bra's Triple-plate Table Spoons. - ,
d0zen............. ...:.: $3 60
Rojers * Bro.'s Triple-plate Forks, dozen. . .9J» 60
"Stftling" P;atedT»ole Knives, act..... 70a-
■■- -. . , ' , • Pnh. Sal*
. - • Irice. Price.
ScottN intern*. tonal Stamp Album,
■ 1897 edition... ;."...;... f 75 9 35
Sect* International stamp Album,
1897 edition. v...... 100 63
Auclr 'w Lant'a Famous Red. Or»en, '
Blue or Yellow r'airy Tale Books 53
The "Henty" BOOnS ",..".. .'.'.... 53
The "Elsie" 800k5:..... ............ 125 • 73
Mrs. Burnett's •- "Giovanni." * "Plc-
: clno" and -Cn > I Knew Best of
All" 150 73
1 The "A'.cott" Books. : 150 90
Genuine "Hr iwnle Books," 5 titles. 1 50 90
•The -V»»<iar" Boole ...........: a 00 115
••Liriira Beat of me Ion," «ta.... 3 00 185
Harper's Mound Tab.a for 1896... 350 150
All Kid Body. Jointed Hips and Knees, Fine Bl^c
Head win» real human ba t. Snoes and : Stocking:-
-•-' •■ :•* -.-..' ■ ■ ■ ■ '■ :'-;, ' itog. ■■ \ Sat
1»%1nche510ni..............;l rl t6 ? rt 29
lSi/fclnoheslong 9 feo 9 •>«
■'-■".; 13 inches ion? 75 . '39
17 .nrhaalon^.;.. 1 (Ml • «i 9
19 inches ions. 125 59
Big Cuts In Dressed ton*. -MAYOR PHELAN
CRITICIZED BARNES
Figures on the Cost of the
District Attorney's
Oifice.
Fewer Cases and Much Greater
Expense Now Than Ten
Years Ago.
Supervisor Rottanz 'i High Hat Ordi
nance Receives Another Severe
Setback.
Mayor Pheian delivered a scathing criti
cism on the m;inner in which the District
Attorney's oliice is conducted in a veto
message tbat was rea«~i at the meeting of
the Board o f Supervisors yesterday. Some
weeks apo when the board appointed Ja
seph J. Dunne as an assistant to Attorney
Barnes (he Mayor objected on the ground
that Auditor Btoderick had announced
.t the special coun-el fund was ex
hau-ted, ana, that as Mr. Dunne was em-
I ioyed on pure-food cases, ue was doing
wo: it that should be performed by ihe at
torney of the Board of Health.
Since then he has been quietly inquiring
inio the methods of the District Attor
ney's department, and the result came out
a.- stated. The message was as follows:
April 9, 1897.
Tit the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of »San Francisco—Uestlk
>un: 1 bvrewith return to you, without my
iipproval, demand on the treasury of Joseph
J. Dunne, appointed by you as assistant coun-
Bel to the District Attorney, for twenty-three
days' salary during the mouth of March, ag
gregating $191 66.
Tne reasons for my objections to the pay
ment of this demand are:
First — That the special counsel fund of
$3000 authorized by the law of May 6, 1861,
is exhausted, and this is the only special
counsel fund at your disposal.
Secondly— lts payment out of the urgent
necessity fund is unlawful, because the law of
March 30, 1878, creating such fund provides
that the Supervisors may "order paid out of
the urgent necessity fund not to exceed
£3000 per month for objects of urgent neces
sity not otherwise provided for by statute, in
lieu. of the amount now allowed by law." As
seen above, special counsel is "otherwise pro
vided lor by law," and allowance for it under
urgent necessity would be illegal.
Thirdly— Because the District Attorney has
no urgent or othor need for special counsel.
A special counsel was given to the District At
torney during the Durrani trial for obvious
reasons. When the necessity cease-, the office
should also cease. The District Attorney has
three Uciiuties, a chiei clerk aud two assistant
c;erks, provided for by statute, and the last!
Legislature passed no law increasing his force. i
The Legislature, and not the Board of Super
visors, was the proper body to which lie
iould have applied lor additional assistance,
li such were 'necessary. The following statis
tical information, however, as to the business
nnd expense of the office, shows no such neces
sity. It reveals the luei that there was no in
crease in the number ot cases received during
the past ten years, while the expenses nave
risr-i! Rom $18,416 in 1836-86 to $'25,564 in
ISUS-96.
Cases Expenses
Be- eived. of Ofli c.
1885-«6 666 $18,416 88
188-67 437 18,507 4*
l>-^"- s « 624 18.H89 90
L*t>B-89 b64 1921:.' 56
18-jSMHi 661 19.526 70
Ix 9 -91 649 19,621 94
1891-92 727 22.015 bO
- 1-93 ;.i. ; 6 2 ■ 21.934 65
I*B-94 ."...; 699 -. 21,648 62
1894-95..: . col 22,287 33
1895 96 560 25.064 49
The following table shows the number of
criminals whose cases ars set for trial in the
various departments lor the month of April,
and at the same time the number of ca;es on
the civil calendars of the Superior Court for
the same month:
Criminal Calendars. ' Civil Calendars.
Department. .No. 6... .14 Department No. 1.....57
Department No. 1L... 6 Department No. 2 51
Department No. 12.. ..19 l>epartrrem No. 3. ...41
Department No. 4 35
Department No. 5 30
Department So. 7 46
Department No. 8 80
The number of prisoners Incarcerated with
out bail and awaiting trial is no greater than
at any other time. There necessarily must be
a large number so circumstanced, and it de
pends upon the District Attorney's office to
bring them to speedy trial. Sixty days after
arraignment is not too short and should not
embarrass the office. If there are. more
criminals held in the County Jail awaiting
trial, the number of cases received remaining
substantially the game a* formerly, it would
argue rather that the strict Attorney's
office is not doing as much work as in other
years. Furthermore, nine* his appointment
Mr. Dunne has been detailed to prosecute the
cases brought by the Board of Health against
the violators of the pure-food law; so that the
employment of Mr. Dunne does not servo to!
reduce the number of prisoners held in the
County Jail.
The Sheriff, however, supplies me with this
information:
Number of prisoners on hand awaiting trial
and on trial April 1, 1895 128
Number of prisoners on hand awaiting trial
and on trial April 1, 189t> 126
Number of pri-oneri on hand awaiting trial
and on trial April 1, 1897 77
In a communication to the Board of Super
visors the District Attorney ext>rrgses surprise
that your noiiorable body should hesitate to
assist him in "upholding the criminal law and
Bi'miiiistering justice," and refers to the ob
jections raised against increased expenses as
"narrow quibbles aDout a bagatelle. " If there
is no law ior the payment of his assistant, nar
row quibbles become insurmountable ob
stacles; and If there Is no necessity for an as-
Mstauc narrow quibbles become a pubic duty.
The force at the disposal ol the District Attor
ney, as we have seen. Is sufficient to uphold
the criminal law If the precedents ol other
years be any guide. TheconMant temp'aiion
to create new offices, and maintain unneces
sary ones, is one of the evi.s of our sys-em,
agalnßt which the Legislature in its wisdom
b»F. in a large measure, protected us. Hale
gunrd* have been thrown about the treasury,
and it takes more than a quibble to break them
dovrn. Respectfully,
" Javk- D. Phelan, Mayor.
Supervisor Rottanzi's high-hat ordi
nance came up on reconsideration, but
after haif an bour of bickering was laid
over for two week-.
The names of Supervisors Rivers and
Lackman were added to those already on
the committee to attend tbe pure-food
congress.
It was decided to hold a meeting of the
committee of the whole on Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock to consider the nar
rnwinß of Turk street in tbe Western
Addition.
A resolution permitting Sher:S Whelan
to supply badges in the shape of num
bered stars bearing the words "Sheriff's
Deputy" to bis men was finally passed.
The Committee on Fenders submitted a
report in which the various street railroads
were piven thirty days in which to select
the style of life-savine devices they desire
to use and lay a statement of their action
lefore tbe board. An effort to have th«
Fcnderß Committee discharged and future
action placed in tbe hands of the Health
and Police Committee was defeated.
Folsom-strert property-owner* requested
that the thoroughfare between Ninth and
Tenth streets, and the crossing of Fol
som and Ninth, Eleventh, Twelfth and
Twenty-fourth streets be paved with bitn
men, and the matter was referred to the
Street Committee.
The Southern Pacific sent in a commu
nication that was referred to the Street
Committee, .vating that it would not con
sent to establishing grades at certain cross
ings named by the hoard. The company
"pressed its willingness to grant ttie City
'he right to make either overhead or un
der Krarie crossings at the points where
the game are deemed practicable.
The Kheei-metHl Roofers in a communi
cation called attention to the fact that the
fire ordinance is defective in that its pro
visions do not properly cover fire-proof
coverings for roofs and asked that the mat
ter be looked into. The communication
was referred to the Fire Department Com
mute*.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
Acted On by the Board. •
The following is a complete summary of
t N c street improvements which parsed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWABDB OF CONTRACTS.
I. yon, Chestnut mid contiguous region— To Dan
iel Harvey for sewers, etc.
Chestnut, .Baker to • Pevisadero— To John R.
Morion lor brie* sewer, etc.
DevUadoro, Chestnut to Francisco— James
McCoy for sum.
.Devtsadero, Francisco to Beach— Flimi <fc
Treacy for same.
Lake, First to Second avenue— To City Street
Improvement Company for curbs and paving.
Brown 1 * alley, McAllister to northerly termina
tion—To F. W. I! viand for paving.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Thirteenth, Devisadero to Alpine— Pipe sewer,
etc
Harrison street and Precita avenue, south of
Berual Pars— Cesspool and culvert on southeast
erly and southwesterly corners.
■ Treat and Precita avenue, south of Benin! Park-
Same. ■*.;■•'
RKCOMHKXUEI) PASSED ,TO BFSOLUTION OB
IIKKINU.
■ Prospect avenue. Virginia to Esmeralda— Grad
ing and macadamizing.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO OBDEB STREET
WORK.
Twenty-fourth, Valenc.a to San Jose avenue —
Curbs and paving.
Twenty-fourth, San Jose avenue to Guerrero-
Same.
Twent *-fonrth. Uuerrero to Fair Oaks— Same.
Sanchez and Twenty-third— Paving.
Church and Twentieth— Same.
.Alvarado »nd >oe — Same.
Church and Twenty-second — Some.
Cuurch and Hancock— stormwater inlet, etc.
Guerrero. 0.1 western* line from norland, to point :
fifty-eight feet northeily— stone sidewalks.
Mission ana Twenty-second Same on southeast
erly corner.
Thirteenth and Foleom— Same on northeasterly
corner.
Branoan and Sixth— PJauk sidewalks.
RESOLUTION" OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
liyon street, McAllister to Fulton— Bitumen.
KKCOMMENDKD FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE. .
Green street, Gougb to Octavia— Bitumen.
Kddy street, Octaviato Laguna— Bitumen.
Collingwood street, Eighteenth to Nineteenth-
Bitumen. .Vv",
RF-COMMENDED FOR ACCEPTANCE.
Gough street, Eddy to Kills— Jihunien.
KKBOI.UTION OF BELKASE FROM CONTRACT.
Tweuty-second street. Noe to Sanchez— Louis K.
Fevrler, for laying atone sidewalks, etc
stock. on street, Sacramento to California — S. E.
Tinker for same.
STBKET WORK KF.COM MKMIED BY SOPEBIXTEXD
KXT OK 6TBEETS.
Eureka and Twentieth— Stone sidewalks and
bituminous paring;. '
Poplar alley, Twenty-sixth to roadbed of south
era Pacific .Railroad Company— Grading and
paving.
Harrison, Preclta avenue to Army— Grading,
curbs, pipe sewer, etc.
Douglass, Twenty- to Romain— Pipe sewer,
etc.
Harrison. Serpentine avenue to Army— Same.
Dougiass and Konjaln— Pipe sewers, etc.
Douglass, Komain to Twentieth— Same.
Douglass. Twentieth to Twentyfiisi— Grading,
curbs and macadamizing.
Ksmeralda avenue. Prospect avenue to Luody's
lane— Pipe sewer.
Broadway, Jones to Leaven worth— Stone side
walks.
Lower terrace, Pluto to Temple street—Grad
ing, curbs..etc.
Lower terrace. Serpentine place to Pluto stree;—
Pipe sewer, i.radln- . etc.
Lower terrace and serpentine — Grading,
curbs, gutterways. sewers, cv. verts, etc.
Lower terrace and Pluto street— Pipe sewer,
cessiooK culverts, etc.
Lower terrace, Pluto to Temple street, and con
tiguous vicinity, including intersection of .-a'nrn
ana JuiiO stteets — i ipe sewers, culverts, curbs,
etc.
PROPOSAL* BKCOMMK.VT)KD TO BE KKADVER
TISED.
Church, Market to fifteenth— Plank sidewalks. !
Piospect and Esmrralu o avenues— ttra ling, sew
ering »nd imiralaniiZiui;.
EXTENSION OF TIMS GRANTED.
B street, .-eventh 10 Eighth avenue— To J. G.
Conroy, 30 days on grading, sewerine. etc.
Thirteenth and Alpine— To John It. Morion, SO
days on paying.
Thirteenth, Castro to IDevisadero— To Thomas
Clark, 90 nays on sewering.
Van Ness avenue, Vallejo to Green — Ada-
I mauiine ravin? Company, 30 days on sidewalks.
, (ireen street and Van Ness aveuu*— Same.
DtissiOu street ami silver avenue — To Garrett
{ Buck*, 30 days oncousiructinsf coruers, macadam
izing, etc
KITE.N9IO.V OF TIME It I O">Ml(lNIIKri.
California and Laurel — To l"*cllic Paving Corn
pan , 30 days on ravine.
California and I.oem: — 'imp.
Polk, Greenwich i) Lombard — To Warren «t
Malley, 80 days ou grading, sic.
PETITIONS BK.FERKED TO BTBEET COMMITTEE.
Twenty-fourth, Diamond to Douglass— J. M.
Curtln for abatement of sewer nuisance.
Clinton avenue, .Surrey street southwest to Sur
rey; Douglass. Sussex to Surrey: ."surrey, Douglass
to'Vau Bureu; Surrey,' Clinton avenue to Douula»s
■ ireet— Castro-sueet Laud Company for chance of
names.
Merchants' Association— For adoption of certain
revised specifications In the matter of wood, as
phalt and Improved basalt pavement*.
Geary, Kearny to Powell — Merchants' Associa
tion, fur City 10 pay its pan of cosi of paving.
Sacramento street— Airs. M. ii. Holland, to re
p'.ank sidewalks in front of prcmlscß at So. 48.
fifteenth street, -\oe to Cast ro— Julia J. Wni-eler,
Thomas Koran and M. E. Brady, to retain stone
curbing*.
Walter street— Property-owners, for immediate
' completion of unflnlsnrd .sidewalk.
.nineteenth, Cotiinawood 10 point 1"5 fe»t east
erly—F. T. iinuschi tit, to lay stone sidennlic.
Sancnez, Army to Twenty-ninth— Phillip Doer,
for board to readvertise for proposals lo 1 .y side
walks. . *
Lay and Laguna— San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, for cancellation of proceedings to
lay sewer.
.Harrison and Juniper— J. W. Offerman, for re
set: lux of curb to oflical line and grade. »
Third street— M. H. Quinn, for pair of side
walks in iront of premises at Ao» 2'aH.
lolsoiu street, tUtU to 844— Folsom-street Im
provement club .No. 3, fur improvement of side
walks.
l.aEuiia, Ellis to O'Farrell— Otto turn Suden, for
resumption of proceedings to pave.
Folsom, Ninth to Tenth, l-'oWoin and Ninth,
Eleventh, Twelfth and Twenty-fourth—Property
owners, for caving.
Mission street— H. Abram* & Co., for permission
to erect pole and electric light in trout of premises
at 785 Mission street.
Clay. Baker— Property-owners, for acceptance of
crossing. .
Nineteenth. Guerrero and Dolores— Mrs. Marg
aret Potter, for repair of sidewaiks.
Thirteenth and Castro— Property -owners, not to
grade until proper survey is m.-de.
Army, Mission to Alabama, and San Bruno ave
nue aud De ilarosireel— Pracita Valley Improve
ment club, for sidewalks.
FBOTKSTS BEFERBKO TO STBKKT COMMITTEE.
First, Harrison to ISryant — Property-owners,
against curbs and paving.
Poplar al.ey, Twenty- fifth to Twenty-sixth—
Property- owners, against grading and paving.
' '1 wenty-fourtb.Gueneroio • air Oaks—Property
owners, a alast paving.
Washington, Locust to Spruee — Property-own
ers, against paving, etc.
PETITION BEFEBBED TO STREET LIGHTS COM
MITTEE.
amp-hire. Twenty -first to Twenty-second—
Property -owners for two street lamps.
BEPOBT OF STBEET COMMITTEE.
District lying between i o in line of Sixteenth
street, east line of Potrero avenue. Arm, street
andtlie bay— Willing to forego Kaitler test If speci
mens of rock be submitted to board before ustiig.
. Lyon street, at various points from Broadway
to Union— indefinite postponement of order rec
ommending grrdes recommended.
Holly lark and .>onh avenne, and Elsie street,
Hoily Park to Cortlaml .<■ venue — In favor of City
Engineer preparing plans for sewer system.
' Ocean View district — same.
Liberty sir>et. .v ue to Ranches—Question of in
termediate grades raferred to city acd County At
torney.
Lyon street, at Broaiwar, Green and Union—
In. favor* of final pa. sage of act establishing
grades.
t-ag»more, Capitol to Orizaba avenue— ln favor
of piot».st agalnu grading. . ■
Capitol avniue, axgamore to Palmetto avenue—
Against grading. ,
Sixth. Irwin to Hooper, and sixth and Hooper
and sixth and Trwin— Against paving.
Locust. « ashlngion to Jackson — .Same, on cer
tain specified co.uliilons.
' Bryant, First to i I«mI»j. and vicinity— Against
paving.
Clay and Locust— Same,' on conditions. . "
i Market, Thirteenth in Fourteenth— ln favor of
Superintendent or streets .ting sewer nuisance
=• West Mission, Twelfth to Thirteenth— ln favor
of paving. • > • . •:-*»
Nineteenth, Tennessee ' to Minnesota— ln favor
Of plank sidewalks.
Jones. <-e»iy to point 100 feet northerly— For
■tone sidewalk* and < nmwalKg.
| Bryant, Twenty -.hlr i to Twenty-fourth— Against
grantlnc permit to pave.
Died From a Hetnurrhag*.
Mrs. K. Walker, a young woman 22
ypars ol age, died in her room at 1914
Lyon street last evening from bernor
rbapes supposed to bave been caused by
self-injuries.
The young woman was taken ill about,
8 o'ciock in the evening, and Dr. Shumate
was summoned. When the physician
arrived, however, Mrs. Walker was dead.
The case was reported to the Coroner's
office, and after a cursory investigation
Deputy Coroner Tyrrell arrived at the
conclusion that death was due to a self
inflicted operation, and he removed the
body to the Morgue. -
• — ♦ ■»
The average cigar is irom 4 to 6 inches
in length.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 33, 1897.
LOWER FARES TO
THE YOSEMITE
New Route to the Valley to
Be Opened on Monday
Next.
The Journey to Be Made by Boat,
Train and Stage in Quick
Time.
Tourists Will Also B- Enab ci to
Save Considerable in Hotel
Expenses.
Yosemite tourists will hare choice of a
new route to California's mountain won
derland, beginning next Monday. They
will be transported as expeditiously as by
any existing route, while the journey will
be made more enjoyable by reason of thedi
versity of the means of conveyance. From
San Francisco, intending passengers will
be taken to Stockton by boat. Thence a
Valley road train will whisk them to Mer-
Map of the New Route to the Yosemite Valley.
ced, where a coach of the Coulterville
Stage Company will carry them over a
picturesque road to the great scenic val
ley.
The fare over this route has been figured
down as fine as possible, and the cost of
the round trip will be only $29 30. tiy tbe
route via Raymond the fare is $40, while
time consumed is about the same over
both.
Another point strongly in favor of the
proposed new line is that the cost of hotel
b 11s will be materially less at the stop
ping-places en route.
The boats of the California Navigation
and Improvement Company will leave
this City at 6 P. M. and arrive at Btockton
in the morning. Here the trains of the
Valley road will depart at 7:20 a. m and
be met by a well-equipped stage or carry
all at Merced. Departure will be taken
from the latter point at 9:50 A. M. At
Conlterville passengers will put up ior the
night and resume their ionrnev at 6 a. m.,
arriving in the valley a. 4 p M. The en
tire trip will be made between San Fran
cisco ana Yosemite Valley in forty-six
hours. It will be noted that the stage
will run only during daylight.
NopaitiHwill be spared to make this
the most popular route of the cay. As
D. K. Stoddard expressed the disposition
of all engaged in the enterprise: '"We
"hall give tourists all that we possibly can
for their money."
The xtaee ride is replete with interest
ing features. After leaving Merced the
hist attractive point is Merced Falls.
After leaving them the stage threads its
way among rolling hills and through na
ture's parks of oaks, pines, shrubs and
wild flowers. It also passes a large quartz
vein, known as the ''mother lode," said to
run through several counties, and along
which rich gold mines have been discov
ered.
From Coulterville, where tne passengers
will rest for the night, a long hill of easy
grade is ascended, trom the we*t of which
a beautiful panorama of the town and sur
rounding country can be seen. The first
grand view of tbe snowclad Sierras is also
ob aired from this point.
Bower Cave is a freak of nature some
distance beyond Coulterville. It is a
grotto-like formation in limestone about
ore hundred feet in length and ninety in
width. It is entered by an opening in thf»
top four feet wide, through which wild
grapevines and tali maples peep. Down
in tne abyss there is a small pool of water
forty feet deep, on which floats a little
boat.
After leaving this cave the scenery on
the road grows wilder and more beautiful.
Beyond Hazel Green, where there is a
mountain hotel, tiie stage enters the Mer
ced grove of big trees — one of those re
marKable parks of tbe wonderful Sequoia
gigantea found here anti theie among the
forests of the Sierras. Some of these tow
ering trees show a girth of from forty-five
io ninety feet.
At Buena Vista Gap is obtained the
rirst glimpse ol the peaks and mountain
wails of the Yo^eraite Valley and shortly
afterward the big meadows are reached,
where the Indians formerly congregated
in large numbers. Here the stage begins
the descent to tbe Merced Canyon, where
the first view is had of the cliffs that wall
in the foaming waters of the Merced
River.
Two miles this side of the western en
trance to the valley proper the Cascade
Falls are encountered. They are formed
by two streams uniting 700 feet above tbe
road and making tbe leap together. This
is one of the tnoit picturesque spots out
side the val.ey.
The entire road is in fine shape for trav
eling and^will continue so until October.
TO RESIGN AS SECRETARY.
Charles P. Welch Tired of HU Position
in tlir Children's Society.
When the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children meets to-day Secre
tary Welch will present his resignation.
He says he is weary of the criticisms that
have been j.as-ed upon him, and he thinks
it belter that he step out. His resigna
tion is as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., April 5, 1897.
To the Presidtnt and Jii.ard of Directors of the
California Suciety for the Prevention of Crue-ty to
Chiidien— (iENTi.emen: It id ust have been ap
purent 10 you during the past few weeks ihut
a united effort, hnd been made by certain per
sons to obstruct me in tbe performance of my
duty as your secretary and to place me in a
false position before the people Had you not
cone uded that th<? society could get along, as
it had for m'.ny years, without the services of
n certain subordinate, one whose former em
ployment win not In line with the work tnat
lie was required to do iti your society, and
wnose so-called wonderful efficiency was only
attained after he became an employe ol the
society and working under the orders of his
superiors, tne*e abusive attacks would nut
have been made.
I liave been annoyed a great deal by the un
solicited advic<* of a lot of mcd liesome people
who are not members of your society and who
nave never contributed one cent to its sup
port as to the manner in which 1 should con
duct the office and provide for the unfortu
nate children who are brought under our
notice. This annoyance is and has been so in
tensely disagreeable to me tnat I have con-
C;uded to step out and make room for some
one else. I therelore beg to tender my resig
nation as your secretary, to take effect on the
first day of Mr.y n<xt. In doing ro permit me
to thanic you for the courtesy you have a
tended to me and for the honor of having re
elected me unanimously your secretary in the
fare of tne unjust attacks made upon me by
the malicious persons wno seem disposed to
thwart you in successfully carrying out the
noble work for wnich you are organized. I
feel your action in re-electing me is a condem
nation of the coarse pursued by these unchar
itable and vindictive people.
In severing my official relations with you I
in us i admit Ido so with teelinga of regret. I
think It is best for your society ana best for
my family and myself that I should pursue
the course In this matter that I do. If you
gentlemen did not feel disposed to create a
syndicate for one family so it might control
the entire work for ihe prevention of cruelty
to children and to animals and giving that
family al: the emoluments that migni be de
rived from such a syndicate I certainly am
not to blame. I believe that time will show
that your action in regard to this subordinate,
although too long delayed, was a wise one.
With feelings of respect and esteem for each
and every one of you, gentlemen, I am, yours
very truly, Charles P. Welch, Secretary.
CLEEICAL GATHERINGS.
Transactions at the Ministers' Monday
Meeting*.
At the Presbyterian Ministerial Asso
ciation . yesterday an interesting paper
was read by Rev. J. A. Mitchell on "He
redity and the Use the Pulpit May Make
of It."
Dr. Berry, editor of the Epworth Her
ald, addressed the Methodist ministers'
meeting on "The traits and characteristics
of the newly' elected officers and Bishops
of the last general conference." He spoke,
too, of the necessity of having a few large
I churches in a city rather than many small
ones. He also spoke of the need of loyalty
to Methodism and a spirit of unity with
other denominations. He made some
very apt remarks regarding amusements,
wisely suggesting that the church rather
than the self-constituted leaders of so
ciety lead the young people in social recre
ation. In advocating clean literature he
said that even the so-called theological
novel should be thrown as de, as it only
served as a cover for a great deal that was
not theological.
In speaking of his paper he said that it
had given a surplus of $14,000 to the
church during the last year.
A committee consisting of Rev. Drs.
Masters, Harris and Dills were appointed
to call upon the new Chinese Minister to
Washington and express their interest ia
him and the welfare of his nation.
Mr-. Milnes invited the ministers and
their friends to visit Fruitvale on the first
Friday in May.
Dr. Harris and Dr. Smith returned yes
terday from Honolulu. They report the
work among the Japanese as bein<; very
favorable.
Mrs. Lake of she Methodist Mi?sion
Home hud a nio-t exciting time last Sat
urday afternoon, and if Dr. Masters had
not come to her rescue there is no telling
what would have happened. The rescue
of a slave girl, Choy Sing, had been ar
ranged to take place at 2 o'clock that
aiternoon. According to a prearranged
plan Mrs. Lake walked down tit. Louis
alley and by the den where the girl wa*
coniined. The signal was given and Mrs.
Lake took the girl's hand and started to
lead her from the place. Instantly all the
inhabitants of the vile alley broke loose,
ihe lady looked for the police that had
been promised her, but not one of the
blue-coated guardians of the peace were
in sight. Walking as rapidly as she could,
she blew her police whistle lou<lly, but
still there came no help. By this time
there was an angry crowd at her heeiy,
threatening an.l trying to tear the girl
away. Finally Dr. Masters, attracted by
the crowd, quickly grasped the situation,
and after a hard strugele they finally suc
ceeded in lodging the poor, frightened
but willing captive in the kindly shelter
i.f the mission walls.
BURGLARY AND ARSON.
An Unusual Raid on the Resi
dence of Isadore Good
man.
*
Valuables Were Taken and Then an
Effort Was Made to Obliterate
Evidenc? b7 F.r?.
The Fire and Police Departments have
a mystery on their hands.
Last night at 9 o'clock one of the bed
rooms on the upper floor of Isadora Good
man's residence at 1217 Geary street was
lound ablaze.
In response to a still alarm a chemical
encine and the lire patrol was soon on the
scene and what had promised to be a dis
astrous fire was nipped in its incipiency.
Then an investigation followed which
lirought forth strange results and puzzled
the firemen. It wa« of such a nature ihat
the police were notified, and shortly after
ward several detectives were nosing
around the house.
The room where t'e fire bad been for
tunately confined bore evidences of hav
ing been visited by burglars an well as br
fire. It looked as il the unwelcome visit
om had planned to burn the building, in
orrter to cover the traces of their thievery.
A quantity of silverware, that had evi
deutly been thrown aside in the hurried
search for articles ol greater value, was
found strewn about the floor, and quite a
lot of jewelry andcostly ornaments were
mi'sinc altogether.
"This is the third time witbin two
weeks that my bouse has been visited by
marauders," said Mr. Goodman last
night "A weeK ago last Saturday they
got into the place and turned on every
gas jet in the several rooms.
"None of them were lighted and I con
ceive of no reason for this unless it was a
hope that we might all be asphyxiated or
that a lire could be started. Fortune teiy,
however, we discovered what was going
on in time to prevent the carrying out of
the fiendish plot,
"Again laat Tuesday the house was
visited once more, and it must have been
by the same people or person, for the pas
jets were all turned on again. How they
col into the iiou-e to-nig..t I am at a loss
to know."
Some of Mr. Goodman's neighbors saw
a strange man dart out of the house jnat
before the fire was discovered, and the
officials are satisfied that he, either alone
or assisted, was the would- be Incendiary
and burglar.
Mr. Goodman's eldest daughter was re
ceiving company last night and says she
gave orders to the .-ervani-glrl to lock t tie
rear doors early in the evening. This
was done, but when the fire broke out it
was found that all of the doors bad been
unlocked.
Several mysterious attempts hare been
made to rob houses in tiie neighbor
bood of Mr. Goodman's residence of
late, and bis is net tbe only one
in which tbe easjets have b«en
found turned on. Tbe police are working
bard on the case, and are confident ibat
tney will either run down a gang of boid
burglars or a crank.
The fac-Blmile yT^ /*&* . 7"** "on every wrapper
•ignature of v (J!!a^/Z7!£^c&< of CASTOBIA.
GEORGIA CAYVAN
PLAYS A RUSTIC
The Blooming Actress in
"Squire Kate" at the
Columbia.
3tis Skinner Proves to Bs a
New and Successful
Richard 111.
"Called Back" Revived at the Alcp
zar—" The Lily of Kiilarney "
at the Tivo.i.
Georgia Cayvan, buxom and blooming
as ever, made her appearance at the Colum
bia Theater last night and was greeted by
a large audience, which showed much
more appreciation for her acting than for
the pastoral drama in four acts, by Robert
Buchanan, in which she played.
"Squire Kate" is one of those dramas of
bucolic life with which "The County
Fair," "The Od Horn -stead," "Shore
Acres," etc., have rendered the public
almost fatally familiar. Theater-goers
have almost learned to dread the sight of
a farm kitchen, for they know that it por
tends cooking; so when the curtain went
up on the first act, showing a rustic
kitchen interior, every one felt dire fore
bod, ngs, which settled down into gloom
when buxom Miss Cayvan rolled up her
sleeves and began to make pastry.
However, people breathe 1 again when
they found the realism of "Squire Kate" was
not to be carried to the extent of baking
the pastry in a stage oven, to be presently
consumed before the eyes of the audience,
like the turkey in "Shore Acres."
Tlie scene of the drama is laid either in
England or Scotland, where they have
not reached the "Saore Acres" stage of
realism.
The first two acts of "Squire Kate" have
little to distineuish them from the com
monplace run of rural plays; there are
some pretty sentiments expressed in
pretty pastoral surroundings, and the ac
tion drags a little.
Toward the end of the third act there Is
a tnriiling scene for the star, to which she
does full justice, and the fourth act has
plenty of action, though the audience has
not much difficulty in foreseeing how it
will all end.
Miss Cayvan's strong scene occurs in
the hay field. Squire Kate, who has
toiled ami worked ami worried to bring
cp her little sister Hetty like a lady, is
suddenly left a fortune. "Gaffer" Kings
ley, the miser of the village, asks her hand
for his step?on. George Heathcote, and
Kaie, who loves the young man, joyfully
accepts what she fondly believes ia an
offer from George.
As she leans over the gate in the glow
of the sunset Kate sees her sister and
George together in the bavfield, hears
George's words of love and realizes that it
is Hetty that George loves and not her.
Wlien the lovers part Kate turns on
Hetty and upbraids her almost tragi
cally for winning away the man she loves.
"If your hands are white it is because I
have toiled and grown old to make them
so."
The reproaches culminate in a scene
where Kate almost strikes Hetty and then
fall«, fuintini!, to the ground.
All through the play Mis-* Cayvan acted
Kate as a rustic, but cleverly steeied clear
of uncouthness. In the scene at the gate
she was stronely pathetic and passionate
without verging on the dangerous border
line oi melodrama. The curtain calls she
received at the end of this bit of acting
showed th« appreciation of the audience.
Mis* Cayvan has evidently studied the
local coloring of "'Squire K.ite" in the
British Isles; the very willow-pattern
dishes in the kitchen show it. The girls
working in the hayneld is another bit of
local coloring whic;i is un-American.
The play is wholesome and pretty and
the characters are not borrowed, but
"Squire Kate" might be more exciting.
Tne company supporting the star is a
pood, all-round one. Worthy of special
mention was the Hetty of Miss Mary
Jerro:d and the "Gaffer" Kingsley of
George Woodward. vVilliam Uuoert was
good in the role of a Scotch shepherd and
Albert Brown was toucbingly realistic as
t4 tax collector, wiio went ona gilt-edged
"jag" because the heiress would not give
him her hand and lortune.
At the Baldwin.
It seems a pity that but so slim an audience
snould have witnessed Skinner's admirable
interpretation of Richard 111. Inclination or
demand of a fickle public to the contrary,
Skinner is before ail a legitimate actor.
His Richard 111 proved this. It showed care
lul study and tlie rare gift of intelligent rend
ing. Willie not a great characterization,
thtre is so much promise in the interesting
handling of the role as to make the lovers of
the legitimate hope that the young actor will
persevere in the line to which he is so admir
nbly tilted.
Skinner's Richard is above all a crafty,
mocking tiend. He is more cunning than
cruel. His desire seems more to deceive and
gain a fair-spoken regard than to boast of his
many murderous deeds.
He would injure devotion rather than
drehd, and by a hypocritical benevolence gain
the confidence that permits ot bloudy, fiendish
acts.
In his scene with the poor sorrowing Anne
he was at his best. The strange wooing was
bandied most cleverly and earned for the
young tragedian several recalls.
Like the star, the supporting company ap
pears more at. home with the works of the
immortal bard.
Maud iMiri.in looked and played the tearful,
vacillating Lady Anne perfectly.
Frank L. Sylvester made a splendid royal
cousin, the Dute ol Buckingham, and the
Misses Aber.e and Roberts two charming
young priucos.
Skintier will repeat "Richard III" on Satur
day evening, and should draw a crowded
house.
A special attraction at the Baldwin to-night
trill be tlio pres-nne of the Chinese Minis;cr.
Wu Tlug Fang, and his wife, who are curious
to see "'lhe Lady of Lyons." The attendance
Of Mrs. Wu Ting FaDg is specially notable, as
in her own country she was not permitted by
custom to witness public plays.
At the Grand On ra- House.
"The Waifs of New York," produced at the
Grand Opera-house last evening, is one ol
tiiu-i" melodramas calculated to please all
tastes. Taere are more thrills to the minute In
one act than can be counted. Villainy italics
triumphant in a shining tllk hat, no gloves,
and innumerable greenbacks in its Test
pocket, until the la>t act, when it is properly
vanqul>hed by a suffering hero and a perse
cuted heroine.
'Ihe Grand Opera-house has taken unusual
pains to mount "The Waifs of New York."
Mollle Thomas, ttrt bright particu.ar star of
the production, makes a cnarming gamin, and
her so;.gs are eagerly demanded and re
deinanded. In fact, the entire play is inter
spersed with the popular vocal selections of
the d*y, Aille. Lurotta. Nat M. Wills, Fred
Ford ana Julia BUnc contributing to the
numerous music*! selections.
The Orpheum.
There were lots of new people at tne Or
pheum tad night. Some of them made unde
niable hits, but— there were others. The
Kronemann brothers' act was perhaps the best
one on the bill. This house .seems to be hav
ing a run on the "three sister*" act, which
acts have not been entirely successful. The
ttiree Merrilees sislers do their litile best to
be exces«ively "naughty." Afier singing a
French chansonette and dancing a bit they
make a liKhtning change, af ler which they
sing about the "naughty continent" iv exas
peraiingsy shrill voices. Thea they shake
NEW TO-DAY
WE CONTINUE TO PELL GOODS ABOVE COST. WE ARE NOT "CLOSING
'» out," we are not unioadin • last year's goods, we are not belling at a loss because
out of or unseasonable
We sell cheap because we luy cheat), a -id because our expenses are small in pro-
portion to the business done. We name a very few prices. Please compare with,
prices asked e:sewhere and note the grat saving made on cash purchases.
ladies' Summer Indervests • - 5c
These are sleveless. Jersey ribbed, fair
quality*; sizes 28 to 38; 15 cenis would bii
cheap elsewaere.
Infants' Fleece-lined Shirts ■ • 10c
These are sold at 2 bits everywhere. They
are not wool, are Jersey ribbed and nice
quality.
Combination flnslin Unierwear • 50c
T here ar-- .Ladies' Chemise and Skirt com-
bim-d, all regular sizes, well made, nlceiy
trimmed and tirst class. Credit stores get
f 1 &O ior same thing.
ladies' Fine Oxfords ■ - 75c. $1.00
These are from our samples: are worth
(1 5U to $4 pair, but large size* are out.
We have 1, iy 2 , 3j 3 V 2. 4, in narrow arid
medium widtus. Come soon for the best
values.
ladies' Rnbber Overshoes • • • 25c
These arc a.l 50-cent values. Sizes left are
»' ■_•. 3, 3' ■> 4, 4 1 2- some with ankle strap,
some in real fine quality, all C. & toe, wltn
heels.
large Bath Towels 12k
Ihese are like we used to get 25 cents for,
and others get it yet: $1 :<.'> a uozen to
large buven. Ask to see our linen goods
when you come for towels.
Butter as fresh and good as the world c
Our Wall Paper und House-furnishing
Gents' Congre.'s Shoes, Russet or Tan,
Ladies' Cloth Congress fehoes, Black, si
Ladies' Oxfords, Tan color, opera toe, J
' Goods delivered twice daily — any part city.
X lfc£?^**'*«£Bß " Free delivery to suburban town's.
____ / PgffTSlPff ' Free demonstration <>f foods daily.
K^^H -/(T'fS^yßSr 1 Tea' and Coffee served in-.- to all who call.
' Vlifl^^k •■■ ~- r^^"iSr 1 Parcels checked and Telephone I"roe.
< l^^K^^B^:S§ i 'sS§p' l / Dining-room on sixth floor.
. \^W«p|Maßg?Bg^^^yx ('nods packed and shipped everywhere.
X^q|^BMttt££pP^/ Please ask for our 40-page list.
Address—The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
down their back hair, kick a little, wink a lot
and finally whisk off the stage, '
Evans and Vidocq do just as the bill says
they will— "furnish stuff and nonsense by the
volume." They were on« of the hits. The
Faust family made a good impression, their
clever work being loudly applauded. The
little toe dancer. Titenia, executes some really
wonderful steps. Her net goes much better
this week than It did last
Tlvoll Opera-House.
The romantic opera, "The Lily of Killar
ney," founded on "The Colleen Bawn," was
very prettily mounted at the Tivoli last night.
The scenery was especially good, particularly
the different views of the lake.
Rhys Thomas took the part of the passion
ate, impulsive Hardrers Cregan very effect
ive; and as there was one woman he wished
to get rid of and another he had no wish to
marry, he was spared the task of making love,
which is the least congenial of his roles.
Miss Millard as Lily O'Connor sang the
mournful solo sweetly. One of the best char
acters whs Maurice Darcy ns Mylcs. He looked
as well as acted the part of the Irish outlaw.
Miss Iniropidi - had only a small part .as
Sheelah, but she made the most of it. ".'■■
. Ferris Hartman had an uncongenial task in
Mr. Corrigan, the middleman, for it afforded
him no opportunity of showing the comic side
of his character. ■' -. ■-
The Alcazar. '
The Alcazar stock company gave a very good
production of the old-time favorite, "Called
Back." with all the strength of the cast. Each
one of the company did his customary good
work. Francis Powers plays the deep-dyed
villain. Paoli Mascari, in a manner calculated
to terrify his best friend. George Osoourne is
always good. May Buckley does some really
excellent wort. The remaining members of
the cast are satisfactory.
At the Chutes.
The Chutes are well patronized this pleas
ant weather and the many attractions offered
at the Haight-street grounds are well appre
ciated. The week's list includes the Zan
frellas, perch actors; Ed.Scholl, who coasts
down the chutes on a bicycle; a wire-walker, a
number of skirt-dancers and theauimaioscope,
which shows a number of new pictures every
night. Periormances are also given every
afternoon. _______^_____
CHAMPION FLY-CASTER.
Attorney Manafltld Is Confined to His
Home With a Scarred
Face.
Local anglers will reeret to learn that
Walter Mansfield, the champion fly-caster
and president of the Fly-Casting Club, is
confined to his home, where ha will re
main for some days, the result of an acci
denton the Suiroline last Friday evening.
Mr. Mansfield was ri ling in from the
beach with his wife, and when the col
lision recurred he was sitting near a
stanchion which was struck by the car
that bud "jumped" the irack, with the
result that Mr. Mansfield's face was badly
disfigured by the flying glass.
H«? carries a deep c;t on the forehead,
another across the nose, and a deep gash
in the cheek, besides several small pieces
of glass imbedded in the skin of his face.
The physician states that he Will carry
the marks of the scars for several days,
but Mr. Mansfield is very well
that his injuries are not of a more severe
nature.
His wife, who was sittinp next to him,
escaped without a scratch. The Fly-Cast
ing; Club will meet this evening in the
Flood building.
' ' __ ' . ' . ' ._' NEW TO-DAT. •
Why Old Men
■^^i l^^^ Are Weak.
/!^^a I^JL^SBftr- <?T< d\ n LD MEN WHO FIND THEIR VITAL POW-
J^^*^f* /P'^^S er* growing less while- they still retain a
9^yL_*^ ?■ V \((i^ healthy constitution know that this condition
Z^ S>> «o^L ' is not Ilatural - Every lunction should stand
sl&^Bi '^^B^ I^^"^ upon an e<iual footing in this respect, and
Vff^&L 4KsJd9**<^ when one begins to «tau-t before the others
/n/SSfc-; A JtllSlstr fib>?\. it shows that there has h •■■ nan excess in that
MJwHHteß^^^fc^^^/ 1 \v^K • function, hence its early deeny. This is why
y/Tlg^M[^WmW^M3^BHG[ 8 ~ y\~- so many healthy-looking old men are weak,
vjjry wBH^^^^^^^^B?^^k~Ju~^' an(^ cx P'- a i' ls tno general need for a mild elec-
~^^^v!if?ffiffij%Bfff^ nfijy If trio current as a stimulation to the dormant
energies.
A ■-■
- -'■:,■■ ■ ,---■ . '. ■• .-■•.-■-.■ :-.... -....■■ ■ . ■ ...
Electric Belt is particularly adapted to this condition. It infuses ■ steady, continuous stream
of vital force into the weak par ana quickly makes up the old nerves. ■ . ;
*": "At the age of seventy-two I have regained ray vital power, through the use of Dr. Panden's
Electric Belt," writes John Fain, Green Meadows, Los Angeles County, Cal., February 28..1807.
The cause, condition and cure are described in Dr. Sanaen's book, "Three Classes of Men."
It Is free, closely sealed, by mail. - ' ■ ' ; . •
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., & 8K&.
Office Hours— B A. M. to b :30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to V Los Auijeici Odicj '.204 oouta Hcmal-
" way :< Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteen! h street.
M;ii..- uo tnisiu^e m the number— Market . street ■: Make note of it *
' • - i>n. IAHMVa KX.ISVIKIV XKUss nuts ItUFXUItK.
Princess Fcnlonl .... only 10c
'Ihlst* a fine. silky-!ooklncr summer-dress
fabric, tula spring style, exclusive patterns
for our bouse: sells la the Kast at -5 cents.
( >ur offer of 10 cents a yard lor such nr.nnl-
looking quods is a winner.
Fine Fignred Sateens • • • • 61e
These are patterns that cam? to us from
the maker on • aturday. m»y last two or
three days, m»rj or less; darx, st lish-
looklngand dur^ole. On bargain tables up
town ai l'J^c.
\ Coffee— 2-lb tins— each- - - ■ 25<5
d This Is a noted - an Francisco brand. b"t:er
I known and be ter lUed tuan other makes
at twice tliecoit.
i Ammonia— pint buttles .... 5c
l Ammonia— quart bottles • • - 10c
1 Thes? prices are open to al: comers until
Bttck U out; boitles are worth half the
money or more.
Fine Bacun— Ferris'. 1. 1. . • I2fc
Others get 20 cents for this noted • r .in of
Bacon. We close out .1 s ugle side or all at
l^Va cents. Oive it a :ria'.
Mwt Salt ....... 4c
Only a lew cases more of tlio 35-cent size
to close out this special tot; may last a day
or two.
ontains 25c, 30c
Goods nre now complete Call
6, 7, 8. 9, closing nut . it $1 39
unnier -.ise, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, at 75
2 wide, 3 to 7, at 48
DESIGNS HAVE
BEEN ASKED FOR
Donahue Memorial Foun
tain to Bs Built
Soon.
Plans to Be Presented for Adop
tion Within the Next
Thirty Days
A monument worthy of the subject, as
well as beautiful and appropriate, will
shortly be erected in this City dedicated
to the mechanics of Sin Francisco in
memory of the late Peter Donahue, tha
pioneer citizen and banker who founded
the Union Iron Works. Designs have been
called for and must be submitted within
thirty days.
The donor, his son, James Mervyn
Donahue, who died several years ago, left
$25,000 for the purpose indicated, and
charged his friends, Peter J. McGlynn and
John F. Burgin, with the carrying out of
the trust. The monument, in accordance
with the wi*h of the deceased, will be a
drinking lountain, and will be erected in
the heart of the business part of the City
on a lot formed by the intersection of Bat
tery, Bush and Market street.-, and do
nated by the City foi that purpose.
The piece of ground is amply lar^e for
the fountain, being 67 feet on Batter/
street, 125 feet on iiusn and 105 fact on
Market street, and when the fountain
shall be well under way the City will ba
asked to build a sidewalk and curb around
it, so that a grass plat may glauden the
eye of ttie passer-by.
The executors of this pleasing trust have
ju3t issuea a circular to anist.t and sculp
tors asking for design;* for the fountain.
The contest in this regard will be confined
to California.
"Peter Donahue came to California
when he was s poor man," said Mr. >lc>
(iiynn iast nit:ht, "and he made ail his
money here. He loved California and so
did his son, ana for those reasons we have
decided to have tne design made by a
Californian. We have been urged by
many people to open the competition to
the world in order, as they say, we may
be assured of a high work of art, but I
think we have sufficient talent in Califor
nia to lurnish us with the desien. Wa
want something not only artistic but at
tractive, so that tourists and other per
sons coming into this City cannoi fail
notice and admire it."
Of 1000 men who marry 332 marry
younger women, 579 marry women of the
stime age and 89 marry ohier women.
56
TUKSDAY ........APBIIi 13, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUt,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUge Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. SO. IB
Daily Hud Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
pally «nd Sunday Caix, six months, by mall..- 8.00
Pally and Sunday Calx, tbre« months by mail 1.50
pally end Sunday Call, one month, by mail., .65
Sunday Call, ODe year, by mall 1.50
Wt-titLv Caix, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Pan Frmclico, California.
Telephone Sl»ln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61? Clay Street.
Telephone M»ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
827 Montgomery a'.reet, corner Clay; open until
e:SOo'cl*ck.
H39 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larlcln street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock. •
'.61& Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
. 167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; optn till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
OJB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms si »cd 32, 34 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Between the Greeks the Turks and the
Servians Macedonia may well pray for
somebody to let her alone.
Every community ha 3 its own duty to
perform, and ours is to give work to the
unemployed aDd complete Balboa boule
vard.
If Bryan doesn't look out the Carter
Harrison youth of Chicago will set up an
opposition side show as a Presidential
candidate.
It will take money as well as a protec
tive tariff to start the mills of the country,
ami therefore Congress should tackle the
money question at once.
A United States police to patrol the
Alaskan gold-mining districts will be a
good way of meeting the Canadian bluff
and caving it down the bank.
The Mississippi floods are subsiding, but
the troubles of the people in that region
are not over. There will be an awful lot
of sickness and disease in the mud flats
this spring.
The Cubans fiehtjust as w^l without
Maceo and Rivera as when they had their
leadership. It seems to be on the patriot
fide a soldiers' war and generalship is
hardly necessary.
It is believed the Senate amendments to
the tariff will make it even more favor
able to Western interests than it is at
present, so we stand a chance to get a
bonanza in the bill.
The best thin? the Kentucky Legisla
ture can do is to give np the attempt to
elect a Senator and po borne. The people
can settle the Senatorial deadlock when
they elect a new Legislature.
There is danger that the Nashville Expo
sition, while giving a show to American
labor, will also give a large number of
Chinese a show to get into the country,
and the two shows won't work well in
combination.
"Baby" Bailey acquired some notoriety
by his selection to be the leader of the
Democratic party in the House, but when
he refused to ro to a dinner party because
he did not liKe to wear a dress coat he
achieved fame.
The Chicago Inter Ocean announces that
the Government is ready to start on the
new postoffice building in that city, and it
is, therefore, pertinent to inquire once
more when it will be ready to start on the
building in San Francisco.
The Civic Federation of Chicago, which
started out some years a<o to reform the
town, evidently tackle! a job too bie for
its energies, as at a recent meeting it was
announced that one of its committees is in
a hole for lack of $240, and cannot raise it.
King George of Greece has very clearl y
expressed the truth of the situation in
the Levant by saying: "If the powers
really de«ire peace they neea only stop
trying to thrust upon Cretans a regime
they would die raiher than accept and
allow them to decide their own fate.'
The Washington Post says: "Those
white metal giins in Michigan will doubt
less induce the administration to do some
thing for silver." As a matter of fact the
administration should do something for
bimetallism without special reference to
Michigan. The whole country expects it.
The Pennsylvania people who claim to
be descendants of Sir Francis Drake, and
have organized an association to conduct
a lawsuit to recover an estate of about
1200,000,000 in England, hare evidently
made a mistake in their lineage. It was
not a Drake but a gander that sired them.
So long as the House of Representative*
meets only twice a week and remains in ses
sion only an hour or so at each session
the California delegation will have ample
time to call on the supervising architect
and explain to him why he should con
struct our Federal building without fur
ther delay.
Jt sterns the Grpek soldiers who crossed
the Macedonian border and attacked the
Turks were not regulars, and, therefore,
the conflict was a fit;ht and not a battle,
while the offense was a raid and not a
war. By this ingenuity of language the
diplomatists are able to assert that the
peace of Europe remains unbroken.
The abandonment of the plan to hold a
carnival in this City will deprive us of a
great pleasure. It was the intention of
Southern California under the leadership
of Los Angeles to make a grand display in
it by way of manifesting a sense of Cali
fornia unity, and showing a willingness to
stand in with San Francisco as San Fran
cisco stands in with the rest of the State.
It is a city to lose this evidence of State
patriotism, but it is a consolation to know
that it exists and can be counted on.
How tedious and stale the tariff discus
sion is to Congress is made evident by a
story told of Congressman Cannon. Hav
ing been congratnlatod on bit recent
speech on the i)ingiey bill, he replied:
"Yon surprise me. If you had been here
two years ago you would have ■ heard :me
make the same speech, and if you had
been here four years, .six years or eight
years ago yon would also have heard me
make exactly- the same speech, and the
Lord only knows how many men used
*£»t BDecch before 2 did," . ..
THE CURRENCY QUESTION.
According to dispatches from Washington an intimation was eiven on Sunday
I that Speaker Reed will not wait until Congress reassembles in December to name the
standing committee! of the House, but will do so as soon as th« tariff bill is ont of the
way. It is added that the Speaker also intimated that the Committee on Banking
! and Currency may be authorized at thi3 session 10 sit during tne recess in order to
prepare a bill providing for reform in the banking .-.nd currency system.
This is good enough as far a* it goes, but it does not co by any means as far as
the popular desire. It is the unmistakable wish of the people that the House should
resume business without waiting for the Senate to finish with the tariff bill. It is
also the desire of the people that the subject of international bimetallism should be
considered at the tame time as qnestions of reform in banking and currency. The
two issues are so closely allied they cannot well be separated, and action on the one
should be coincident and closely related to action on the other.
To postpone the appointment of committees in the Houso until after the Senate
has acted on the tariff is a very indefinite postponement indeed. 4"here is much busi
ness before ihe Senate. It i 9 now engaged in considering three appropriation bills, a
bankruptcy bill, the arbitration treaty with Great Britain and ttie tariff. It will be
many weeks and possibly several months before the Senate disposes of the tariff, and
it certainly is not good policy from either the standpoint of statesmanship or of party
politics for the House to remain idle all of that time.
With tbe present prospect of expensive and costly wars in the near future, the
European power?, already heavily overloaded with debts, will be more inclined than
ever to favor some proposition for broadening the base on which the monetary system
of the world rests. Thi«, therefore, is a mo*t opportune time for summoning an inter
national conference for the remonetization of silver,, anl it will be a grievous mistake
to permit it to pats without taking advantage of it.
That there is a widespread popular discontent with the inaction of the adminis
tration on the money question h shown by the uneasiness and uncertainty which
exists not only among genuine b:metallists, but in the opposing camp of the gold
standard. A circular was issued last week by leader of the gold-money party urging
that pressure snouid be brought to bear upon Congress to proceed at once to carry out
the plans of the Indianapolis conference for definitely establishing our monetary system
upon the single gold basis. This shows that even the gold men are not satisfied with
the existing condition of things, and it is not improbable that the Democratic success
in many of the recent city elections may have been due to the fact that dissatisfaction
with the delay of the administration in dealing with the money question caused many
Republican voters to stay at home and permit the elections to go by default.
To sum it all up, the money question must be dealt with by Congress and the
administration before the Congressional elections of 189 S. There is none too much
time before that campaign begin3 # for tha accomplishment of the work, even if the
beginning is made now. It is therefore a matter of urgent necessity, fom the stand
point of party politics, as well as from the standpoint of business and statesmanship,
for Congress to enter at once upon a consideration of ttie problem.
THE KENTUCKY" SENATOESHIP.
The Senatorial election in Kentucky has
ceased to be interesting to the people. It j
has reached the point where it no longer
amuses as a farce and it fatigues imligna
tloa when considered seriously. It has
passed through a dozen different stages, j
each succeeding one of which has been
more disgraceful than its predecessor, and I
a point has now been reached where the ,
best thing that can be done would be for
the present Legislature to abandon the at
tempt to elect, a Senator and leave the
question to be decided by the people when (
a new set of legislators are chosen.
Bad as the condition of affairs is in
Kentucky, it is not worse than in some
Other States. Indeed, the Senatorial con
test in Oregon was even worse, if there
can be any degree of badness in such !
cases. Tbe Kentucky Legislature has j
managed to transact some business, even |
thoueh it cannot elect a Senator, while
tIM Oregon Legislature did not even sue- !
ceed in organizing itself, and transacted
no business whatever.
It has become evident that in many
parts of the Union the existing ma
chinery for the election of Senators has
broken down. It has been several years
since there was a full Senate. At each
succeeding election one or more States has
failed to elect a Senator, and has there
fore had but a partial representation in
that body. This condition of affairs is by
no means confined to the West. Dela
ware, in the East, has been as bad as Ore
gon or Kentucky, and the means by
which her legislators managed to break
the deadlock is by no means creditable,
either to them or to the man whom they
elected.
The one consoling feature of these evils
is that they tena to emphasize the need of
a revision of the constitution so far as it
affects the election of Senators. It has
long been a subject of complaint that the
Senate baa ceased to be representative of
the people. It in a matter of common
scanJa! that Senatorial elections have
been largely determined either by briber}
or by systems of log-rolling which are
hardly better. This being the condition
of affairs, there will be comparatively
little regret over the evidences given that
the present system of electing Senators is
as ineffective as it is sometimes vicious.
At the time when the constitution was
adopted, tho election of Senators by State
legislatures was founded upon good and
sufficient reasons based upon conditions
then existing. Those conditions have
long since passed away, and there I*,
therefore, no longer any reason why
Senators should not now be chosen by the
votes of the people. The present dead
locks will add strength to the movement
for brincing about this reform, and to that
extent the conflict in Kentucky with all
its accompanying scandals may be ac
counted on the whole as a public benefit.
AN ALASKAN POLICE.
It is reported from Chicago that the
United States Government will organize
in Alaska this summer a police lorce for
the purpose of protecting American inter
ests and American miners in the gold
regions ol that country. The report is
said to te based upon information given
by men who are closely related to Secre
tary Gage, and may, therefore, be re
garded as resting upon reliable authority.
It is certainly time that the United
States Government should establish a
police force in the Alaskan sold district.
The Canadians have long had such a force
on their side of the line, with the result
that air lawless and desperate characters
have been run oat of the Canadian min
ing districts and now constitute a serious
menace to Americans. It is, moreover,
asserted by American miners that the
Canadian authorities have exceeded their
jurisdiction and have not infrequently
imposed onerous burdens on Americans. '
It will be remembered that last fall
American residents of Alaska petitioned
Congress for permission to elect a Delegate
from Alaska to the House of Representa
tives. The petition stated that Territory
has many interests of which Congress is
ignorant or to which the members are in
different, and therefore the Territory
urgently needs a Representative in
the Government at Washington. That
this petition well founded is beyond
question, and it is to be hoped that the
present Congress will givj it favorable
consideration. *
With a Representative in Congress and
with an efficient United States police to
protect the interests of American miners
and merchants Alaska would -rapidly ad
vance, both In wealth and population. It
is now well known that the Territory is
by no means so barren and worthless as
was at one ' time supposed. It has many
natural resources, and has the possibilities ■
of becoming an important section of the
Union. It certainly merits every assist
ance which th« Government can . give.
The establishment of an adequate police
will be a long step in the right direction,
and it is gratifying to learn that the No--
Kin ley administration intends to tare
that step with commendable' promptness
.and rigor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13. 1897.
ENGLAND AND GERMANY.
The announcement that there nas been
organized in England an association
known as the British Anti-German League
is another evidence of the growing antag
onism of the people of the two countries.
This antagonism is not merely one of sen
timent. It is the outcome of rivalries in
business and colonial expansion in South
Africa, and does not lack for cause to ir
ritate it and aegravnte it into a serious
menace to the continuance of peace be
tween the two empires.
The tone of the German press toward
England has long been bitterly hostile,
and the remarkable letter which Kaiser
William sent to President Kruger at the
time of the Transvaal raid shows that the
German newspapers reflect pretty clearly
the 6entiruent of the coverriing powers.
Ever since the publication of that letter
there has been more or less indignation
among the English people and ample ev
idence has been given of a willingness to
fight Germany on the slightest provoca
tion.
The development of a German colony in
South Africa is a thorn in the flesh of the
Britiih people, who have been seeking to
build up a new empire in that continent.
They have seen in the German settlement
the most formidable obstacle in the way
of the realization of the dream of a Bouth
African colony hardly inferior in wealth
»nd population to the mighty colonies of
Australia and Canada. Germany in South
Africa allied with the Transvaal is an
enemy whom even Great Britain hesitates
to attack, and this colony, therefore, as
mnch as the Emperor's letter to President
Kruger, is a source of incessant irritation.
Another cause of rivalry is tne rapid ex
pansion of German commerce in countries
where Britain had once a most a monop
oly. German trade in South America and
the Orient is rapidly increasing, wnile
that of Great Britain remains compara
tively stationary. A thorough protective
system has built up a manufacturing in
dustry in Germany superior to that of
England in many things and hardly in
terior in any, while a system of liberal
subsidies on exported goods has enabled
her merchants and producers to drive the
English out of many of the world's mar
kets.
This condition of affairs rasps the Eng
lish in their tenderest spot. It affect*
their trade, their industry, all along the
line, aud taken in connection with the
resentment aroused by the Emperors
speech and the hostility ot tne German
press affords nn easy explanation of the
organization of the Anti-Germau League.
WIIH YOUR COFFEE.
"The man who brought this in," remarked
the editor's assistant, as he unrolled half a
yard of manuscript, "told me Confidentially
that he needed the money for it."
"Yes," was the melancholy answer; "it's a
strange fact that the longest poems seem
almost invariably to be writ'.eu by the shortest
poets."— Washington Star.
"I've got something nobody else has got,"
said the wealthy New Yorker, who hts heen
experimenting with raising fancy fowls ovej
iv New JersPv.
"What is it?"
"I bought a $175 incubator, put $23 worth
of eggs in It, and hatched out a bluebottle fly.
I've got the only $200 bluebottle fly la this or
any other country."— Texas Sittings.
Kind Old Laly— To what do you attribute
your uncontrollable appetite for strongdrink?
Is it hereditary?
Weary Walker—No, mum; U'a thirst—Phila
delphia R&ccrd.
Willie— l told her my love wai so great that
my brain was on fire.
Charlie— Wnat did she say to thst T
Willie— Told mo I had better blow it out-
Yale Record.
Becker-I gee by the posters that Footlights,
the tragedian, .travels under his wife's man
agement.
Decker— So do most men. only they don't ad
vertise it.— London Tit-Bits.
Cynicus— There is something familiar about
that concert of tbe European powers.
Witticus— Yes, their wrangling reminds one
of a Waguerian opera.— Omaha World-Herald.
Mother — What Is the matter, my dear ? Why
are you crying ?
Harry (between sobs)— l left my taffy on
that chair, and the minister's a-siuin 1 on It-
Boston Traveler,
"My hens are all laying for Easier," said the
farmer's wife who was visiting her sitter, the
milliner.
"So am I," came the response In a chuckle.—
Free Press.
A KiNGS CiGARS.
Chicago Record.
At the dinner which he gave to the Cabinet
last week the President brought out a box of
cigars that were fully eight inches long and an
inch and a half in diameter. Several of the
guests who are tough old smokers, like Mr.
Gage and Mr. Bliss, Mr. Hanna and Colonel
Herriclt of Cleveland, undertook to smoke
them, and say that their flavor was very fine,
the finest they had ever tasted in a cigar, but
one would lest a whole evening, and they did
not have time to smoke more than half way up
beiore they were called to rejoin the ladies.
These cigars were received last week by ihe
President from a manufacturer in Havana and
were a part of an invoice made to order for
ike Emperor o! Austria, wh.g likes lvi cigtxs
long, fat and strong, end pays $20 for a box
containing only ten cigars", or $2 per cigar.
The tobacco is of the finest quality to be ob
tained in Cuba. Tne cirars are made wiih un
usual care, and there is just as much tobacco
in ten of them as in a box containing 100 or
dinary sl2od cfgars. , The President received
these through a friend who happened to have
been visiting in Cuba, and was asked by the
manufacturer to bring them to him.
tER^ONAL.
Bishop Nichols is at the Occidental.
P. M. Conklin of Fresno is at the Grand.
' H. A. Pratt of Fresno is at tne Occidental.
F. M. Bell of Roanoke, Va., is at the Palace.
Herman de Lagua of Stockton is in the
City.
E. A. Moody, a mining man of Gold Run, is
in town.
Fr«nk Cole, an attorney of Los Angeles, ia at
the Russ.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Row arrived here
yesterday.
Miss M. Dolson of Modesto ii at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
J, Bernstein and Mrs. Bernsiein, of Seattle,
are in the City.
Z. T. Smy tne, a eeneral goods dealer of Vaca
ville, is in the City.
C. W. Chapman of Denver, Colo., is at the
Cosmopoli an Hotel.
S. M. Forbes, a business man of Snohomish,
Wash., is on a visit here.
D. Peckinpeeh of Port Townsend, Wash., is'
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. W. s. Noblett of the ses Percei Indian
Reservation is at the Grand.
A. P. Bunvell, a business man of Seattle, is
among the lato arrivals here.
Frank H. Buck, one of the leading fruit
growers of Vacaville. is in town.
G. H. R. Smith, a mining man of Rossland,
B. C, is among those at the Kuss.
George S. Slack, and Mrs. Slack, of Liverpool,
England, tourists, are at the Russ.
Ray Fowler and H. Fowler of Port Townsend,
Wash., are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among the arrivals here is P. H. Lanman,
business manager of the Salt Lake Tribune.
H. J. Ostrander, a business man of Modesto
and inventor of the Osrrander gun, is on a
visit here.
Nearly three pages of Raymond & Whit
comb tourists were registered at the Palace
yesterday. •
The French Opera Company left for Mexico
last night, where tney will give twenty per
formances.
Police Commissioner Gunst is on his way to
Europe and will be absent six months. He
left Saturday.
Alexander McDonald, owner of large stores
at Walla Walla and other places In the North
west, is in town.
A party of prominent people, consisting of
C. Eddy and Miss Mira Hershey, of Muscatlne,
lowa, and Mrs. M. H. H. Spahr and Herbert
Spahr, of York. Pa., are at the Palace.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald and Deputy At
torney-General Carter left tor Los Angeles yes
terday on business before the Supreme Court.
Chief Justice Beatty and the other Judges left
for that city Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Rldeout of Lakeport are
in the City ea route to Los Angeles to attend
the "Fiesta." Mr. Rideout is chairman ot the
promotion committee of the Clear Lake Carni
val, and reports everything favorable for a
huge success.
CALIFORNiANS IN NE <V YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 12.— At the St.
Cloud— G. HeMeger; Holland— A. Bachraan,
the Misses Hopkins, E. A. Ph? lps; Imperial— R.
Dlckson, A. C. Schweinfurth; Broadway Cen
tral—J. G. Marker, V. M. Rush; Murray ll ill—
J. P. Fewman ; Vendome— Miss L. Royce, F. L.
Olmsted, Mrs. R. A. Sing; Grand Uuion— Mr.
and Mrs. 8. H. Starr; Sturtevaut —M. A.
Wheaton, Miss G. Whoaton; Windsor— C. K.
Field, H. K. Field. Mrs. Davis is here buying.
Mrs. Anna J. Goldsmith arrived on the Havel
from Bremen. Max Marcus arrived on the
Konigtn Luise from Bremen. W. F. Cnase of
San Diego arrived on the Havel from Bremen.
A FAR POKER PLAYER
he has three decks at ber commands,
Yet always holds the sell- arue hands
From start until finish.
Although (he Is as much at sea .
As anybody well could be,
ber stacks do not diminish.
She's almost always foil on Jacks,
To bold a straight she never lacks;
.No luck could be diviner.
But when she run* against a bluff
She goes up like a pinch of snuff,
For she's an ocean liner.
— Sew York Tribune.
MEN /NJ WOMLN
Lord Roseb?ry's income is over £200,000 a
year.
Richard Olney, ex-Secretary of State, is at
his dealt in his Boston law office attending to
business. He is in good health and spirits.
Mr. Oiney evades the reporters.
The woman's movement is making headway
in Prussia. Recently Miss Marie Hassensteia
received a principal's certificate as teacher,
the first ever given to a woman in that coun
try. She purposes to establish a school for
girls at Cbarlottenburg.
The Pope has set aside a sum of nearly $ 100,
-000, the interest on which will be employed
in constituting prizes for the best Catholic his
torical works which may be published in Italy
or abroad. With tnls object his Holiness has
appointed an official commission in order to
examine the works, and has himself sketched
out the programme of the competition.
The late Judge Asa Pucker, believed that a
rich man oughl to be in debt, because it
helped him maintain his credit. "Were I,"
said he. "to wipe out my indebtedness, and at
some future time see an opportunity to make
a large sum of money and attempt to borrow,
everybody would marvel and say Judge Packer
is borrowing money. As it is, I can borrow
almost any amount and no questions are
asked nor comments made."
"It Is understood that Cecil Rhodes will, as
soon as he is relieved from attendance at the
South African committee, start on an ex
tended yachting tour. This intention is
doubtless due," gays the St. James Gazette,
"to the probability that the rig nt honorable
gentleman will be recalled as a witness at a
later stage to give evidence on the second
part of the inquiry relating to the adminis
tration of the chartered company's terri
tories."
James Dowell, the oldest actor in England,
if not in the world, has Just celebrated his
nlnety-thlra birthday. He is living ia Ply.
mouth, and has a vitality which shows tliat
the stage is not necessarily destructive to the
constitution. He played First Gravediguer to
Edmund Kean's Hamlet, Firtt Witch to
Micready's Macbeth, Fathom in "The Hunch
back" with Sheridan Kuowles, Peter in "The
Stranger" with Miss Cushman, and Jaques to
Fanny Kemble's Juliana.
PABBION WEEK SERVICES.
A New Mission to Be Opened by Rev.
Oliver C. Miller.
Rev. Oliver C. Miller, pastor of the
Lutheran Church of the Holy Spirit, will
hold services each evening this week as
sisted by the following ministers: Rev. H.
A. Ketcbum, D.D.. of Berkeley, who will
preach on Tuesday evening; Rev. C. C.
Uerriott, who will officiate on Wednes
day ; Rev. K. G. Mathena, who will occupy
the pulpit on Thursday night, and Rev.
H. N. Bevier, who will deliver the sermon
on Good Friday evening. The holy com
runnion will be administered at the Easter
services.
A new mission is also to be opened un
der the management of the above church
in an entirely unchurched and densely
populated part of Ihe Uity centering at
the corner of Leavenworth and Pacific
streets. A Sunday-school service will be
opened th^re in American Hall on Sunday
at 2:30 p. m. As the work develops a sew
ing-school, mothers' meetings and preach
in* services will be added. This will be
known a> the Evangelical Lutheran
Church of the Penterost and will be under
tiie pastoral care at Rey. Oliver c. Miller.
TWO NEW LAWS
TO AID THE CITY
A Free Markst on the
Water Front, and Paid
Firemen.
Harbor Commissioners Will Be
Petitioned to Build on Lom
bard Street.
M-.n7 N?w Firemen Wiil Probib'y
Ec Hired After the First
of July.
There is considerable interest in politi
cal and commercial circles as to two laws
passed by the last Legislature: the act re
lating to tire departments and providing
for increasing their efficiency, and the act
authorizing the Board of Harbor Com
missioners to establish a free public mar
ket on the water front.
There is a great deal of speculation as
to the outcome of the free public market
proposition because commission mer
chants in eeneral will oppose it, and they
may even try to enjoin the Commission
ers from carrying out the law. Aside
from this fact the Commissioners them
selves feel that they have their hands full
already with the construction of the new
ferry deport, and Commissioner Chad
bourne is iuclined to took upon the new law
as a vexation and annoyance likely to re
sult in unpleasant legal entanglements.
"In the lirst place," said he yesterday,
"there is no adequate place for what is de
manded, and in the second place I am
almost sure we would be enjoined by the
commission merchants from trying to
carry out the provisions of the law.
Again, we' are very busy, and it seems im
possible to think of doing anything in the
line indicated just now."
Eneinoer Howard C. Holmes of the
commission has not yet been instructed
to do anything in the matter, though he
has beard that there is talk of surveying
in the vicinity of seawall 4, adjacent to
Lombard street. All this, however, Is
still "in tne clouds," as the old phrase
runs.
The rjrovisions of the law are very broad,
however, and oi a character to appeal to
the grangers. The bill provides that
there shall be «et aside a sufficient num
ber of piers for the reception of perishable
product?, poultry, game and dairy
products, which owners may sell there
without paying any ice whatever.
Property-owners in the vicinity of Lom
bard street are much interested in having
iLe Commissioner:* take steps in the line
mapped out by the law, and it is probable
that there will soon be an organization to
agitate the building of such a market.
The law seeing to be mandatory, the
word "must" occurring in one place and
"shall" in another, with reference to th»
duties of the Commissioners.
Equally interesting la the new law au
thorizing the Board of Supervisors and
Fire Commissioners to make the Fire De
partment a fully paid one and up to date
m every detail.
San Francisco is the only city west of
Chicago that has not a fuily paid depart
ment, and moat of its buildings are
made of wood. The new law gives the
City authorities wide scope, and those
who are weil informed say that great
changes for the betterment of the depart
ment may be looked for after July 1. For
example, engine-house 2 will have about
ten fully paid men in lieu of three, as at
present, and ao on throughout the City.
These changes are not likely to occur
before July, because there are now no
funds with which to meet tne increased
expenses. The new bill provides that the
Supervisors, "in order to provide the nec
essary funds, may make all necessary and
supplemental appropriations, allowances
and payments in addition to those now or
hereafter authorized by law."
No bills passed in recent years are likely
to be more tar-reaching than the two fore
going. The outcome of both wiil be
watched with great interest by thousands
of people. ____^____^^__
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Note* of the Improved Order of Ked
Men— Tribes Take Stock in a
New Hall.
Great Chief of Records Burgman and F. J.
Fuller, P. S., paid a visit to Althomas Tribe
of the Improved Order of Red Men
recently asd witnessed the ceremouy of the
adoption degree presented in excellent form.
They also witnessed the giving of the adoption
degree by Arapahoe Tribe in a creditabla man
ner. There is quite a rivalry in the tribes at
this time as to which can do the work in the
most acceptable manner, and this has resulted
in the giving of more attention to the ritual of
tne order. Od the occasion of the last named
visit there were many visitors, and long and
short talks were made by Fast Sachems M. J.
rairlield, J. Fowzer, Jordan, Fuller, Sachem
T. H. Sellers and the grpat chief of records.
Past Pocahontas Mrs. Louisa Bean of
Kawanita Council of Stockton paid a visit last
Monday to Pocahontas Council of this City.
The degree team of Pocahontas will shortly
visit the council at Stockton.
Pobonachee Tribe conferred the chief's de
gree on last Monday and adopted one paleface.
Sotoyonie Tribe conferred the hunters' de
gree last Thursday and also worked in the
adoption degree. This tribe lias subscribed to
fifty Mimes of the stocK of the hall association
of Conianche Tribe 01 Elmhurst.
Modoc Tribe at its !aU held meeting con
ferr d the adoption degree on one paleface
captive and also conierred the warrior degree
on one candidate. This tribe has subscribed
to fifty shares of the stock of the Comnnche
Hall Association, ana in addition individual
members subscribed for forty sltares. The
new building for Comanthe Tribe will cost
about $5000, and will be ready .or occupancy
by the Ist of July.
Comanche Tribe recently adopted two pale
faces, received six applications, and will adopt
three candidates at its next meeting.
Winnemucca Tribe is making arrangements
with other tribes to properly celebrate Tam
initny day, May 12.
The councils ol the degree of Pocahontas aro
making arrangements for the reception of the
grand sachem on the evening of the 29th inst.
The great chiets will visit Oneida Tribe at
Dutch Flat Monday night, Tahoe Tribe at
Truckee on Thursday and Samoset Tribe at
Vaiiejo on the loilowing Monday.
Sons of Hermann.
At Its last-held meeting Lodge No. 3, Sons
of Hermann, elected and ins ailed the follow
ing tfficers for the ensuing term: President,
Charles Mevins; vice-president, J. Hohn; re
cording secretary. R. A. Hohl; financial sec
retary, William Zoll; treasurer, G. Gueuther;
guide, F. Heppelmann; iu&ide watctiman, H.
Hepport; out.-ide watchman, J. Mamcher;
surgeon. Dr. ¥. F. Lord; finance committee-
Philip Rothermel, H. Antz and J. F. Strom
berg; delegates to the Grand Lodgt— J. F.
Stromberg, G. Guenther, Philip Rothermel, A.
Stier and V. Acker.
Golden State Parlor, N\ I>. G. W
At the last meeting held by Golden State
Parlor, N. D. G. W., District Deputy Grand
President Mrs. Annie Simpson installed Miss
Gertie Peterson as outside sentinel. Among
many visitors who witnessed the ceremony
were: Mrs. French and Mrs. Perkins of Alia
Parlor. Miss Annie Donaldson of Minerva Par
lor and Mrs. Lena B. Mills of Orinda Parlor.
Two candidates were initiated and eight ap
plications were received for membership into
this up-to-date parlor.
Mrs. Leland Stanford Division, G. I. A.
to 1., of 1.. £
At the regular meeting held last week by-
Mrs. Leland Stanford Division No. 106, Grand
International Auxiliary 10 the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers, the following
named wi>re installed as officers for the en
fcuiug term; Mis. t. W. Hickie, president (re
'elected); Mrs. F. Myers, vice-rresident; Mrs.
', C. Resing, secretary; Mrs. W. Purinion, ireas
i nrer; Mrs. T. Miner, chaplain; Mrs. O. E.
| Alger, guide; Mrs. T. Hacler, oentinel. After
i tne installation ceremonies, Mrs. F. S. Bowley,
the installing officer, on behalf of thy division,
presented to the president a very handsome
pin emblematic of the order in appreciation
of her work as president during the rau year.
There were presentations to other officers who
retired. The meeting tnen adjourned to the
banquet hall, where the new officers served
tea to ail present. There were present many
vls J t0 J s from S*n Francisco Division No. 161
and Oakland Division No. 156. Chief Engi
neer Grey, who. represented Leland Stanford
tnvision No. 286, entertained the attendance
If Penning address. There were also short
addresses by others. On retiring eHCh lady
was allowed to retain her cup and saucer as a
souvenir of the occasion, and each gentleman
received a souvenir in the shape of a badge of
po.Hhed California wood, each bearing upon
it the number cf the division.
KiiterprUe Circle, C. of F.
Enterprise Circle, Companions of the For
est, of which Mrs. Lorentzen is chief compan
ion, gave a pleasant social in Foresters' build
ing last Saturday evening. There was a good
attendance, and a splendid evening's enter
tainment was furnished under tne direction
of Mrs Sarah Crawford, chairman of tbe com
mittee on entertainment, assisted by Mrs Fin
ney, Mrb. Jennie Schuabel, Mrs. Maria Klaus
aud Mrs. Williams.
Acme Circle, C. of F. (F. O. A.)
There was a most enjoyable time last Satur
day night in Social Hall of the Alcazar build
ing on the occasion of the social and auction
given by Acme Circle of the Companions of the
Forest (F. of A.). Under the direction of Mrs.
A. F. Horn (chairman), Mrs. Rose Mulcreavy,
Mrs, E. Klemiug, Mrs. Laura Wilson. Mrs. M.
Miller, Mrs. A. Enipey. Mrs. Dora Go-ich, Mrs.
Crist and Mrs. A. Cardin, the committee of ar
rangements, a fine programme of dances was
presented. Mrs. Mulcreavy acted as floor
manager and performed her part .well. Dur
ing the evening there was lively bidding at an
auction gotten up to dispose of a number of
fancy articles presented to the circle. John J.
Cordy, who acted as auctioneer, was so e^aied
wiih his success that he Is thinking of going,
iuto the auction liae as a regular business.
Ladles of the Gulden Eagle.
The members of Alpha Temple had a pleas
ant "At Home" in Acadie Hall, Union Square
building, last Friday night. The affair was a
social function tendered to the members of
California and Golden Gate castles. There
was a great deal of enjoyment for all who
danced.
On the evening of the 231 inst. the members
of Alpha Temple will give a grand party in
Union Square building. 1
The Chosen Friends.
Last Tuesday night Supreme Representative
Savage and Grand Councilor Boehm paid a
visit to America Council, when addresses were
made by the visitors. The council received
one application. On Wednesday night the
grand representative and the grand councilor
paid a visit to Germania Council, which had
four initiations and received four applications.
After the close ol the council there was an
open meeting, when a programme was offered
and refreshments were served to all.
On Wednesday evening the grand councilor
paid a visit to Phouaix Council.
Last Thursday, after Evans Council had
witnessed the work performed by the drill
team sud had transacted routine business,
there whs offered on impromptu programme
under the direction of Walter N. Bruut.
Among those present were Grand Councilor
Boehm, Past Grund Councilor T. H. O'Brien,
Grand Recorder Waliis, Grand Treasurer Miss
Clara McDonald, Supreme Representative \V.
H. Savage, J. D. O Brown, treasurer of Traver
tine Council of Bridgeport and Treasurer of
Mono County, and L. A. Murphy oi the same
council.
Order B'ne B'rlth.
Grand President Stein, who recently was
thrown from a buggy in Stockton, is improv
ing rapidly, and it is expected that he will be
able to attend a meeting this week to be held
ior the purpose of arranging for a number of
official visit*.
President Tausky of the intellectual Im
provement committee, having returned from
ihe East, a meeting will be held this evening
for the purpose of arranging for public enter
tainments to be given under the auspices of
the committee.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
R. D. Brown, chief ranger of Court Lookout;
R. E. Leventon of the same court; P. Dolan,
sub-chief ranger of Court Fort Bragg, and A.
A. Kil'en of Court Sequoia of Humboldt were
visitors at the office of the permanent secre
tary last week.
The Picnic Association will give a party in
Social Hall, in the Foresters' building, on the
evening of the 17th inst.
Court Apollo will give a reception and ban
quet as an anniversary celebration oa the
30th inst
Juvenile Court Btar of the West will give a
party on the evening of the IMtn inst., in the
Foresters' building
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
A December Date— A. O. S., City. The 17th
of December, 1866. fell on a Monday.
A Demi-Franc— 3. D., City. A deml-franc of
the reign of Louis Philippe, 1847, is not on" of
the coins for which a premium is offered.
Ths Fighters at the Chctes— H. S. , City.
The actual number of people who saw Fitz
slmmons at the Chutes after the tU'lu in Car
son was 2305. The number who saw Corbett
the week atier was 8600.
Wesley Lewis Case— D. P., Santa Rosa, Cal.
The case of Wesley Lewis, who is charged with
having assaulted a young girl, is still pending
in the Superior Court of this City and County.
It was set for trial on the Ist of las: March,
but was postponed.
Avkn— Subscriber, City. Amen Is a Hebrew
word, signiiying true, verily, or more com
j monly perhaps, to be it. It is of frequent oc
currence in the scriptures. Like alleluia or
hoihannah, it has been used in the service of
the church from remote times.
Decking a Hand— P., City. When a player
in a game of poker "decks" his hand he loses
his right to any interest in the pot. In the
case cited In the communication A would be
entitled to the money, notwithstanding the
fact that he did not play a fully square game.
Legal Tender— H. m., City. In the United
States gold and silver standard dollars are
legal tender for any amount, but as to silver
dollars, only when not otherwise expressed in
the contract, coins of silver of less value than
one dollar are legal tender to the amount of
ten dollars, and five-cent, three-cent and one
cent pieces arc legal tender only to the
amount of twenty-five cents.
Ego— Reader, City. E*o Is said to come from
tho Latin. It is the "I," that which feels, acts
and thinks; any person's "sell" considered as
essentially the same in all persons. Tins use
of the word was introduced by Descartes a
celebrated French philosopher who lived from
1596 to 1650, the founder of Cartersianism
and of modern philosophy in general. It has
long been of general use in literature.
Stories for Magazines— A. P. S, Berkeley
Cal. Magazines and newspapers that accept
stories prefer manuscript that is type-written
either on commercial note or letter-size
paper. The number of words should appear
on the upper lefihand corner of the first
page. There is no fixed price for such mat
ter, the different magazines and papers beinc
guided by merit and value to the periodical.
Black Ants-W. 8., City. It is said that a
few leaves of green wormwood, scattered
among the haunts of blacfc ants will drive
them away. Another remedy is: Set a Quan
tity of cracked walnuts on plates in Places
where the ants congregate. The ants will col
lect in myriads. Turn the nuts and ants into
the fire and put fresh nuts on the plates Than
rowder camphor and put in the holes and
crevices. This last works well with red anls,
and ;s said to be good as to black ants.
San Fkancisco Police-J. H. W\, Baden San
Mateo County. Cal. To be appointed on the
police force of San Francisco the applicant
must present a petition signed by twelve free
holders and qualified voters of the City and
County, and he must come within the follow
ing standard required by the Commisiiouers:
Age, not under 25 or over 35 years; height.
?£ t\ l l. an 5 teet 8 inches (in stocking);
that his chest exceeds 31 Inches; thai he has
the free use of all his limbs: that
his hearing, vision and speech are. per
lect; that he has no tumors, or ulcerated
or excessively cicatrized legs, or rupture or
cutaneous affection. Question— Has he had
the smallpox, or been vaccinateJ? That he
nas received no contusion or wound of the
head that may impair his faculties. That he
is not a drunkard. That he is not subject to
ntsor convulsions, ana has no infection or
disorder that would unfit him for the duties of
a soldier in the United States army. Report
in respect to applicant's condition as to heart
and lungs, and state under this head, if the
applicant hns any predisposition, hereditary
or acquired, to any constitutional molady, as
phthisis, scrofula or rheumatism, or other dis
ease that might unfit him for position of
policeman. That the app leant shall write a
good hand and possess ft fair English educ:-
COL. IRISH WANTS
MORE MONEY
Not for Hinnelf, but for
the Industrious
Farmer.
Money Is Congested in the Very
Large Centers of Com
merce.
A Rfform in the National Banking
Liws Demanded for the G od
of the People.
Nayal Officer Colonel John P. Irish has
returned from a trip to the East, whither
he went as a delegate to the monetary
convention at Indianapolis.
Colonel Irisa arrived here in good
health and spirits, and more in love with
California than ever. He Jeft the East
last Tuesday and found bleak winter Irom
north ana west of Baltimore until ho ar
rived in California. While away he paid
a good deal of attention to the financial
problem, and gathered many interesting
and important data.
Business men of the East say that the
revival of business prospects must be
based upon reform in the banking and
other Jaws. The monetary conference
asked that Congress, by joint resolution
or bill, authorize the President to appoint
a monetary commission, consisting of
eleven citizens, to investigate the currency
and banking legislation of the country,
which has been mostly emergency legis
lation since 1562, and which has resulted
in an inadequate banking system.
"Business men have concluded that it
is their duty to tdke up the matter and
secure legislation that will give us a more
suitable banking system that will do equal
und exact justice to every part of the
country and to every class cf business,"
added Colonel Irish. "Our present sys
tem is a failure as an instrument for dis
triouting surplus capital so that it may
be in reach of all business men in all
parts of the country. Equity requires that
all business men in all parts of the coun
try shall have equal convenience and ac
cess to the use of their credit in their
business.
"It is the lack of this access that has
given rise to the prevailing error that
there is a dearth of money in th« coun
try. There is no scarcity of mouey, but it
is congested in the big centers, where the
merchants and manufacturers have cheap
and convenient use of their credit, while
business men who are far away nave not.
There should be no reason why money
should be plentiful at \]^ per cent in New-
York and scarce at 10 per cent in Texas,
where there is a stricture in distribution.
"The committee has every assurance
that Con cress before the adjournment of
the session will give to the President the
authority to appoint such a commission,
consisting of experts— men of *uch char
acter and experience that their conclu
sions will impress the country and win
t:ie favor of Consres?. The work of this
commission will have behind it the entire
force of the busiues3 men of the country.
"Statistics show that the advance by 1
the retail dealers in the selling price of 7
their goods when they give credit is Uo per
cent. This the farmer is obliged lo pay,
and oftentimes in order to do it he has to
fund his debt in the shape of a mortgage
upon his land at 10 percent.
"The National banking system should
be made the instrument for maintaining
the currency in circulation instead of tak
ing it out of circulation, as in the case
now. Thenumuerof small banks should
be increased, and thes should be given a
chance to live."
FPKCiAL information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Don't buy any Easter eggs until you hava
seen Townsend's 'Little Clowns," "Littid
Doctors" and "Little Devils," maae of French
cream, vegetable coloring,;sceach. Pal. Hotel.*
The United Empire Loyalists who settled In
the province of Ontario continue quite an ac
tive organization. A writer ot considerable
ability, Edwara Harris of Toronto, is devoting
much attention to the history of the men and
women who fled to Canada at the close of the
War of the Revolution.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe limit-.
Three and One-half f>«y» to
Chicago or St Louis— Four
and One-half Uavs to
Xew York.
leaving £an Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 5 p. M-, connection is made at Banto.v with The
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
srnoiing>car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. '1 he handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultiess. Daily
through sleeping-cars, both palace and tourls:,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Ticket* also so:d via
Ogden. Portland, Mo.iave, Los Angples, Demitig or
El Paso, to all points in the United Slates, Canada,
Mexico or Europe, Ticket office 6»4 MarKet
street, Chronicle Suilding Telephone .Main J. 631.
• — ♦ — •
Railroad Ticket* to the Bast vii Rio
Grande Western anil Denver and
Kio Grande Railways.
At lowest, possible rates, with through Pullman
luiffei and tourist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt lake City on all classes of tickets
Detailed information and tickets furnished at 11
Montgomery street, or 314 California stred
»♦. » !
For Allaying lloausknkss and Irrittaiojc
of the Throat. ••Hroim's Bronchial Troches" are
wonderfully effecttve. Avoid imitations.
To soothe and strengthen the vocal organs,
Ayer"s (."berry Pectoral b»j long been the favorite
preparation with public speakers.
Ruskin and Emerson met at Oxford about
twenty-five years ago and their first impres
sions of each other were not complimentary.
"I found Emerson's mind a total blank," said
Ruskin 10 a friend, "in matters of art." "I
found myself wholly out of sympathy with
Ruskin's views," said Emerson. "I wonder
such a genius can be possessed of such a
devil."
sew TO-DAT3
POWDER
Absolutely Pure. •
'- Celebr-ued lor it, great ieavejiin^ strpn^ h .mi
healthfuluess. • Aware* the tood a^i "t^'m *°1
brands! 113 °* aduherat ' on ~«»ovto ""« The"?
ii«V4i UAa.i.a^ f pwskb Co.. JiewVor*S3» _ n . dfali
TUKSDAY ~ APRIL 18. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater-—" Lady of Lyons."
Columbia Theater "quire Kate."
Morosco's OPEBA-HoosE-"The Waifs of New
York.
Alcazar Theater.— "Called Back."
Tivoli Opera Hoesk — "Lily of Klllarney." \
Orpheck —High-Class Vaudeville.
CiOLDis Gate llai-i. -Free Public Lecture, by
Mr. Wendell Easton, Wednesday evening, April 1*
Luklixk Baths — Salt Water Bathing, etc.
sutro BATHs.-Bathinit and Performances.
The Chutes and Skating Risk- Dally at
Haight street, one block east of the Park.
Oakland Rack Track.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Er, Cam ro— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
tvery Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By L. 11. BrRD.-Thlsday. April 13, Fnrnl;nre,
at 11 Fulton street, at 11 o'clock.
By I'arton * Ki.rminoK.— This day, April 13,
Heal Estate, at 638 Market street, at 19 o'clock.
By M. J. Mcßridk— Thuwlay, April 15, Horses,
at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o clock.
Fv Kni.ir it Co.— Tuesday, April 20, Horses,
at Palo Alto Farm.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
D. M Osborne & Co. have sued R. R. Thomp
son for .7"'('t;4 41 and costs of suit.
Fair Tues.lsy; cooler Tuesday afternoon.— W.
H. Mammon, local forecast official.
rhe whistling-buoy Is not in working order
sna the Madrone will leave to-3ay to repair it
Perm s= O'Sullivan will poon appear at the
Tivo'.i in "Shamus O'Brien," the popular Irish
op;ra.
Behrend ,Too*t his abandoned all his al
leged claims to the property ot the San Mateo
Railway.
Judge Daintrerfieli will hear tho trial of
Editor Frederick Marriott ac 10 o'clock this
morn in u-.
Chief Officer Prebble has tp tired from the
steamer Columbia and Third Officer Watt has
taken his place.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club {rave a re
ception last niKhi in honor of recently elected
honorary members.
It is probable that the Fire Department will
begreuUy improved after July 1. under the
provisions cf the now law.
Tho Turner section of the Verein Eintracht
ispreparinif for a urand beneficiary enter
tainment for next Sunday.
A writ of habeas corpus on behalf of Alice
Edith nickason-Blythe will be heard ia Judge
Dunne's court this morning.
Miss Alice English, a young woman, took
three shots at an admirer iv the Irvington
House last Saturday eveuiug.
Dolore, Bliss Ructer, Zamar 11, Meadow
Lr.rk. Tulnre and Cabrillo were the winning
horses at Emeryville yesterday.
At to-day's meeting of the Society for tne
Prevention of Cruelty to Children Secretary
P. Welch will offer his resignation.
The local Cuban League will have a meeting
at California Hall to-morrow right and a j
grand picnic at Sausnlito on May 30.
The ticket-office of the creek-route terry was j
robbed at noon on Saturdpy la«t of $103, tne
cash drawer being carried bodily away.
The hearing in the mayhem case of Attorney
W D. Grady, peremptorily fixsd for yesterday,
was again postponed till Fndav afternoon.
Minister Wu Ting-Fang was banqueted last
right hy the rhiuese Consul-General. His
brother-in-law may be Consul-General here.
II >' ward Park has sued Josephine Walcott
• - -t'.noo rent ar.d restitution of premise?, the
Alexander Hotel, occupied by the defendant.
The Sun Francisco Commercial Travelers' i
iation will give its first "smoker" at
Social Hall, Alcuzar building, this evening.
on Monday a new route to the Yosemite will
be opened at much lower rates than those
now in force over the route via Raymond and
Wawona,
Nellie Murphy, a notorious pickpocket, was
arrested early yesterday morning for stealing
$10 from George Plum, an employe in the
Lick House.
Ocar T. Shuck, lawyer, was arrested by i
Vailed States petal authorities yesterday on I
a charge of sending a scurrilous postal card to |
E. 1». Dement.
Colonel John P. Irish has returned from the
Monetary Convention at Indianapolis, and is
fulv.'cating radical reforms In the National
banking laws.
In a veto message submitted to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday Mayor Phelan severely
criticized the financial policy of the District
Attorney's office.
Major Frank McLaugMin, who has been
visiting Wfisninston, has returned. His ac
count of the efforts of various men to get
office is interesting.
Louis Hartter of the firm of nartter, Hayes
& Co.. wholesale grocers, was fined $60 by
Judge Campbell yesterday, for selling adul
terated Eastern jellies.
Walter Mansfield, president of the Fly-cast
ing Club, is confined to his room with a lacer
ated face, i ho result of a collision on theSutro
line last Friday evening.
The Alaska Steamship Company has been
trying to purchase the new steamer Humboldt
for its Alaskan excursion trade, but the own
ers positively refuse to sell-
Many people are watching the Harbor Com
missioners with interest to see whether they
wil bui.d the new free market on the water
front, as provided by a late law.
Justice of the Peace Barry officiated at the
marriage yesterday afternoon o{ Kg Kee and
Yuet Oy and Hor Yock and Jung Sou, the four
being natives of the Golden State.
W. \V. Stone, president of the Lincoln Monu
ment League, is In daily receipt of letters from
loading public men of the Unit-d States com
mending the monument enterprise.
The California Rh>e Fruit Compary has been
incorDorated by Frank Frisbee, Philip Der
gler, A. E. Shaw, James W. Taber «nd Melvin
Prescott, with a capital stock of $50,000.
Charles Empey has sued the Paul Boynton
Chutes Company for $'20 000 damages on ac
count of personal injuries. He was hurt by a
falling timber and bitten by a savage monkey.
Leading Japanese, comprising two wno are
delegates to the International Postal Congress
end five or six others who are studying the
architecture of steel buildings, are at the
Palace.
The case of William Hunt, charged with
grand Inrceny in stealing a gold watch and
chain irom W. Abbott, a saloon-keeper on
Grant avenue, was dismissed by Judge
Joachimsen yesterday.
The San Mateo Electric Railway Company
intends to put its iine In firit-clas-s condition
without del»*y by replacing the present track
with S4-poui'd mils and adding to and reno
vating its rolling stock.
The Pacific Amateur Athletic Association
has decided to turn over the funds accruing
from the Olympic and Butte City football
match, held in the City last winter, to the
Balboa boulevard fund.
Roland Sheard, a young Englishman on a
visit to the City, whs bunkoed out of $50
Saturday, and yesterday "Kid" Russell was ar
rested and cu urged witli grand larceny, hav
ing been identified by Sticard.
The Stonecutters' Union explains why the
work of construction on the new ferry depoi
jg going on so slowly by stating that incom
petent workmen are employed at the Sites
quarry in getting out the rock.
The tramp stearr.er Amarapoora is in trouble
asaln. She left San Francisco without paying
her bills, and now she is to be libeled as she
reaches Seattle by the butcher, baker, grocer,
boatman and Chinese laundryman.
The Balboa boulev.-ird fund for the benefit of
the u,ne in ployed is fast dwindling, and uniesi
the treasury is swelled steadily by ci.aritable
contributions the work will be checked and
thousands of deserving poor be abandoned to
misery.
Thomas Jones filed a libel In the United
States District Court yesterday against the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company's steamer
City of Sydney for $75 alleged to be due him
for wages as coalpasser and $69 for board and
lodging.
In the case of Bernard McGorry againat M.
P. O'Connor and others Judge Morrow yester
day decided in favor of the respondents. The
n r j ,:, bad been brought to cancel a sal* upon
foreclosure of a portion of the estate of C. W.
Carpenter, deceased.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven has scored another
victory. She will have a jury trial In Judge
Mack's court as to the issues of fact in the
Fiiit to determine the validity of her deeds to
f 1,500,000 of real estate formerly belonging
to the late James G. Fair.
United States Commltiioner Heacock has
dismissed the charge agaf;ist George Lewison
for passing a counterfeit dollar. No evil In
tent was shown, Lewison being cashier for a
bookmaker. Tne dismissal was asked for by
United States Attorney Foote.
Eugene A. N. Hughes has sued Chares E.
Paxtou in the Superior Court for $25,000 dam
ages. It is averrt-d the defendant ma iciously
cduFcd the arrest of the plaintiff on ihe
rhgrce of embezzling $700, and the damages
claimed are on account of injuries to reputa
tion, mental sufferings and illegal imprison
ment.
IRISH OPERA TO
HAVE A TURN
Dennis O'Sullivan Will
Sing Before His
Friends.
The Tivoli Has Secured Villiars
Stanford's " Shamus
O'Brien."
A Romantic Work That Has Made
Irish Melcdirs A 1 the Fash on
ia the East
French opera has come and gone, and
now San Francisco is to heat Irish opera,
the latest fad in the musical world.
It was "Shamus O'Brien," Villiars
Stanford's lyric drama, that set the fashion
for Irish opera. The work Wf.s first pro
duced at the Opera Comique, London,
thirteen months ngo, and the title role was
played by Dennis O'Sullivan, the Cali
fornia barytone. The opera and the singer
Dennis O'Sullivan as Shamus
O'Brien.
conquered London, after which they suc
cessively did the same with Liverpool,
Dublin and New York. Irish opera be
came the fashion; it wai popular to sing
"The Wearing of the Green" and other
national Irish melodies in swell drawing
rooms, and other composers suddenly
woke to the fact that tr.ough Sir Villiars
Stanford had "discovered" Ireland as the
scene for successful opera he had no copy
right on the Emerald Isle.
At the clo3e of the successful Eastern
Poster for "Shamus O'Brien " When It Was Produced in London.
season of "Sbamus O'Brien" Dennis
o' Sullivan decided to pay a visit to Caii
fornia. lie is expected to arrive to-mor
row. Aa soon as the Tivoli management
heard of his plans, negotiations were at
once entered into for producing "Shamus
I O'Brien" here with O'Sullivau in the title
I role. These negotiations came to a happy
I conclusion yesterday, and on Monday
week the opera will receive its first Cal
ifornia production at the Tivoli, and Den
nis O'Sullivan will be seen in the part
that he created in London nnder Uie direc
tion of the Jate Sir Augustus Harris.
"Sbamus O'Brien" U a lyric drama of
the most modern description, but it is full
of molody from end to end. The melodies
art not taken from the lovely Irish folk
songs, but tl.ev are written in imitation of
them. "The Wearing of the Grean" is
suggested several times in the orchestral
score, and the composer b said to have
shown marvelous subtlety in the way in
which be has repeatedly suggested the
national Irish music. Supreme among
the effects is the wild, weird, plaintive
music of the banshee, which is said to fill
the bearers with a fearsome sympathy.
The composer has made the tenor the
Tiilain and tbe barytone the hero, which
is a reversal o! the usual custom. Shamus,
the ideal hero of so many Irish genera
tions, is said to have found an ideal im
personator in Den r.ii O'Sullivan.
At every turn of the patriot's fortune
the melody rises or falls, narrows or
bioadens, in correspondence with the
•vent, and at last a worthy climax comes,
whoa the good priest can stand 11 00
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
longer, lie cuts the cords which bind
Shamus to the cart, Shamus lenps like a
hart, and the muskets tired at htm only
brinj? down the hatpd informer, who has
striven to bring poor Shamus to the gal
lows.
It is a rather singular fact that Irish
composers, such as Balfe and Wallace,
did not turn to their native land as the
scenes for opera. Since the success of
"Shamus O'Brien' 1 even French compos
ers have looked to Ireland arid to Irish
melodies for inspiration. One of the most
successiul French operas produced during
the last few months had its iocale iv the
Emeral 1 Isle during an uprising that oc
curred about a century a o.
RAILROADS IN TROUBLE.
Will Be Asked to Bring Their Books
Isefor« the Commission.
James S. McCue, who, some time ago,
filed a complaint with the Railroad Com
mission charging discrimination in rates
on the part of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad and the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad Company,- yesterday
asked that subpenas duces tecum be issued
and served on the president and secretary
of each company. Tney will be issued to
day and promptly served, and will re
quire that the books cf ihe companies be
brought before the commission to-mor
row, when the hearing of the matter is to
be had at the office of tha commission.
FOR MEN AND DRIVEWAY.
Heaviest Pay-Roll for Honest
Work on Balbca Bou
levard.
People Who Cinnot Give All They
Dtsire in Money, M iy C)utribute
in Tal n».
The interest of the truly charitable is
awakening on behalf of th« unemployed
and the Balboa boulevard fund. Several
societies of laleme'.l people have organized
entertainments, the proceeds of which are
to go to the fund and many merchants are
entertaining tho idea of contributing in
coin to keerj up the work. The utility of
the work in progress and the needs of the
unemployed are gradually appealing to
the most conservativecitizens. Still there
should be no delay in contributing. At
the present rate the fund will soon be ex
hausted.
Yesterday witnessed the heaviest pay
roll since the work began. It included
f'.tTo for teamwork done during the past
week and the wages of the men who
worked the previous day. Altogether the
payroll reached Xl">00 and more.
The teamwork has been one of the creat
es: necessities, and after the contractors
donated so much work they could not be
expected to go ahead and complete the
boulevard. The teams are required 10
haul the macadam, and more particularly
to haul the earth from t tie cut of the big
till, the culvert lor which will soon be
completed.
These teams must be engaged from now
on, as it is absolutely impossible to work
without them. To keen them at work
means the collection of more money.
There are hundreds of men who have
not yet been able to get work tickets, and
unless more funds are forthcoming at once
there may be men who, though most
worthy, may not l>' relieve 1 by even so
much as a a'ny's work. It must be under
stood that there are more than 3000 appli
cants lor work tickets, aim ali of them
cannot be given employment at once or
pome of them at nil, perhaps, unless the
fund should be readily increased.
A large number of people inspected the
work on Sunday, and were gratified with
the results already achieved.
The collections at present are:
Tt re tof ore acknowledged . . '. $20,21 5 70
F.IVK... 2000
Clara Sachs iO Ou
First ]t:<)iiini Church 7 00
Henry Jiu tiers' lecture • 44 to
Charles Helnsen 2 60
Dr. L. Dechmann 2 50
S. 11. Frank ACO - 20 00
Till man 11 & l.endel Klj 00
Main <t Winchester (second in -tail
meat).. .:... 2000
Grand total 120,452 i:0
Billy A. Rice, comedian; Nellie Rice,
descriptive vocalist; Peter W. aid Ida
Barlow and tho La Mont family of seven
acrobatic and vaudeville artist-- have vol
nnteered their services for an entertain
ment to be given on Saturday evening
next for the benefit ol the Home and Help
Supply Association (incorporate!), at the
iar c hall of the association, 614 Howaid
street. The entertainment will be ander
tin; direct management of the executive
committee, and every ticket purchased
will amount to a contribution of 25 cents
by adults and 10 cents by children.
Divorce Suits Fllnd.
Puits for divoica have been tiled as follows:
A lam Hernezik against Carnliue Hernrzik,
for desertion; Aun« E Downey against Wil
liam Downey, lor failure to provide; Ernest
ilawley agatnst J.nr >, Haivley, deserliou.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sntter st.
Tel. Main i'J. Furniture moved reasonably. *
MRS. CRAVEN WINS
HER JURY TRIAL
Delmas' Successful Argu
ment Before Chancel
lor Slack.
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler
Found That He Was Not
Able. to Refute It.
N.'Xt Mcndpy the Trial of lite Great
Fair Estatj Case Will Be
Commenced.
D. M. Delmas made a strong and win
ning argument in fator of impaneling a
jury in the case of Angus and other Fair
estate managers against Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven for the purpose of passing on ques
tions of fact involved. Judge Slack
granted Mr. Delmas' motion and the work
of selecting a jury will begin next Mon
day.
Mr. Delmas said that the issue to be
tried now ia raised by the intervention of
M:s> Virginia Fair. This issue, according
to the opinion of the court, ii equitable in
its nature, the sole question being this:
'•Are the deeds forged ?"
The property involved has a value that
is admitted to produce a net rent of $48,000
a year and it is charged that the deeds to
this property were produced through the
conspiracy of three persons. Thus it will
be seen that the decision in this proceed
ing will involve not only the civil and
property rights of the defendant, but also
the good name and even the liberty of the
persons named in the three complaints in
intervention. There could be no doubt
that criminal charges would be inconti
nently pressed against these persons
should the decision a.- to the genuineness
of the deeds go %gainst the defendants
in i in- case.
Mr. Delmas respectfully submitted to
the court that tins was a proprr case to go
to a |Urj, so far as a jury could act, and
in that sense he appealed to the discretion
of tue court to grant Mr*. Craven's re
quest.
Authorities were quoted to show that
when the genuineness of papers is in
question it has been the custom in chan
cery practice to refer such question to a
jury.
It was developed that in New Hamp
shire, Texas, Georgia and some other
States it is regarded as a constitutional
right to grant a jury in such a case, but it
wan true that any verdict thus reached
was merely to satisfy the conscience of the
chancellor. If the verdict should not be
satisfactory to the conscience of the chan
cellor it might be set aside. The same
law does not apply so strictly in this
(state, aud it was not stated to be the con
stitutional right of any litigant in Califor
nia, yet the authorities go to show that
the granting of a jury has been giv«n in
order to give the htigints on both sides
the best character of trial. In this sense
v jury may be called to decide matters of
fact.
If the deeds in this matter are found to
he fraudulent t lie three persons accu-ed of
conspiracy would practically be convicted
of crime. Tliey ought, therefore, to be
before a tribunal ol the same character
that would finally be called on to decide
the question of their innocence or guilt.
This granting of the assistance of a jury
by the chancellor arises from no want of
confidence in himself nor constitutes any
impeachment of bis ability. It is simply
an appeui to the old.Anglo-Saxon plan <>f
a trial by jury so fur as certain issue* of
fact are concerned. This right of trial by
jury originated in Kngland, and has
spread throughout the world, and so
strong has it become intrenched in the
beans of the people that wherever it has
once been tried it has never been deserted.
It is popular in certain quarters to
sneer at the uncertainty of the verdict? of
juries, said Mr. Delmas, but he did not
join in this feeling of derision. He said
tliat the verdicts of JuJges are equally
uncertain, cisc how would there be 114
volumes of the reports of the California
Supreme Court? Quotations were pre
sented from the worKs of Daniel Wcbsier,
Jeremiah 11. Black, Jefferson, Charles B.
.May, Justices Hunt and Muller of the
United States Supreme Court and others,
who»poke in eulogy of trial by jury.
Mr. Delmas assured the court that in
all ttie arguments here presented there
was not the slightest doubt of his Honor's
impartiality, nor was there any question
of his tidelity to the high trusts devolving
on him. The only contention was that a
jury is the best tribunal for the settle
ment of the question presented here.
Attorney Charles 8. Wheeler, in re
sponse, made a formal motion to dismiss
the panel of jurors in the present case,
and that the court, sitting as a chancellor,
proceed to ifetermine the issues ttiai arise
under the pleadings in equity.
Mr. Delmas said he was entitled to no
tice before any motion to dismiss the
panel could be made. He declined to
waive his legal rights in the case.
Mr. Wheeler said that the attorney for
Deiendant Craven had been guilty of
misconduct on the part of the jurors of
the panel in attendance on the 15th of last
month, In which Mr. Delraas accused the
opponents of his client with shrinking
from a fair trial beforu a jury. In that
memorable address Mr. Deimas went
lurther, and charged tnat Charles L. Fair
and his associates were going before the
Grand Jury behind closed doors, and by
ex parte showings were trying to assassi
nate the zood name of Mrs. Craven. Miss
Craven. Mrs. Haskins and Notary Public
J. J. Cooney. He challenged them to
come out in the light, of day and take
whatever justice with even Hand might
mete out.
After reading freely from Mr. Delmas'
remarks without adding to the effect im
parted at the original delivery Mr.
Wheeler said for tnese things he thought
a jury ought to be dispensed with.
Air. Dslmas said that he dil not admit
that "counsel for Deiendant Craven" had
beer, guilty of any misconduct in the
presence of the jury. In fact, nothing
nad been said that would be feared or
ought to be feared by those who love jus
tice. However, in any event Mr. Wheeler's
motion was not well grounded. If the
court in its discretion saw fit to excuse the
present panel and call a new jury he
would be satisfied. All he wanted was a
jury.
Judge Slack held that tlm was a correct
view of the case and directed Mr. Wheeler
to confine his argument to the question of
whether tnere ought to be a jury at all.
In support of his desire for avoiding a
trial of the matter by jury Mr. Wheeler
argued at considerable length. He agreed
with Mr. iJelrnas in the statement that in
any event the verdict of the jury would
nut be binding on the court and does not
relieve the Chancellor from his duty to
pass on all questions of law and fact. The
only reason for calling in a jury, he said,
is when the questions to be decided are
admitted to ba too complex and too in
volved for the Chancellor to readily pass
judgment on them in all their contradic
tory elements. It is then that a jury is
calied to advise the conscience of the
court. He deprecated the custom of citing
the loose words of courts, however emi
nent, in derogation of what he deemed to
l>e the province of the Chancellor's juris
diction.
Mr. Delmas said that the fear of a jury
trial in this case arises from the dread of
a pos?iMe argument that may be pre
sented. Yet that argument ought not to
be excluded from any tribunal wnen the
rights of men and women are in the bal
ance. He did not understand that ■ ver
dict by a jury would be mere wa'-te paper.
True, the Chancellor must approve the
verdict, but it must Le given due weight.
That U the uniform practice.
Chancellor Slack here remarked that it
was his wish to avail him elf ot the assist
ance of a jury to try the i-sues of fact as
to the vuliility of tne disputed deeds. He
realized that the burden in the end rested
on himselt and that he must disregard tee
verdict if :t did not meet with his ap
proval. He would do his duty as he saw
it, no mßtter whether unpleasant or not.
Mr. Wheeler still contended that the
present panel ought to be dismissed be
cause of Mr. Delmas' speech in the pres
ence of the jurors.
The Chancellor said that without pass
ing on the sufficiency of Mr. Wheeler's
showinsr, the present panel of juror? would
be excused and fcother panel wouid ba
summoned.
Attorney W. M. Pierson informed the
court that in the case of Yon Schmidt
against Yon Schmidt in another court, a list
of forty-eicht prominent business men had
boen prepared by the Chancellor, and that
by agreement the litigants had taken
turns in striking off names until three re
mnined, and betore that jury of three the
case had been tried. He would favoi a
"struck" jury of that character.
Mr. Dimas assured the court that he
and his associates would object to such a
plan. No doubt they might get a jury of
millionaires in the box that wou'd be un
objectionable so far 8s legal technicalities
are concerned, but would any court of jus
tice accept such a jury to try the rights of
citizens where properly and liberty are
involved ?
He thought that would not fill the
measure of the right which trial by jury
guarantees to all. He and hts clients had
been strenuous for a jury trial and they
warn it, if the\v have it at ail, granted in
the usual way. What they demand is
just an ordinary jury, drawn in tiie reeu
lar way. Tne jury box of the City and
County of San Francisco contains 3GOO
names. He knew of no better source for
obtaining a jury than from that jury box.
Judge Slack said he had come to the
conclusion that another panel ought to be
summoned. He said he would consider
the question of how the jurors should be
selected, and would give his decision at
11 o'clock i hie* morning, though his mind
was already pretty well made up as to the
proper courso to be pursued. "
CHINESE COUPLES WEDDED
Interesting Double Ceremony in
Justice Barry's Court
room.
The Two Bride; and Bridegrooms Are
Natives of the Golden
State.
Two native sons were married yester
day afternoon to two native daughters by
a native son.
There is probably nothing unusual in
native tons and daughters being mar
ried by a native no, but in this particular
instance there was something out of the
' ordinary in the fact that the contracting
I parties were of Chinese extraction and first
i saw the light of day in Chinatown. The
■ native son who performed the double
ceremony was Justice of the Pence Bnrry.
The brides were Yuet Oy and Jung Sou,
each 21 years of age, and both exceedingly
i pretty, especially the former. They were
! attired in Chinese costume, but strange to
■ say their trousers were of dark material,
and neither had a bit of color except a
; small piece of blue ribbon fastened to the
j ends of their queue?.
The bridegrooms were Ne Yee, 22 years
of age, and Hor Yock, 23 rears of age.
Both are line specimens of Cninese young
I manhood and are engaged in business in
Chinatown.
Nk Yee and Yuet Oy were the first to
stand up before the Jud^e. Wong Hing,
| a friend of the contracting parties, acted
ias interpreter. Yuet Oy's face beamed
with smiles as the Judge made theni join
j hands, and when she was asked if -hr
j would "love, honor and obey" her hus
| band the smile on her face broadened and
she nodded her head several times. Ng
I Yee never smiled during the ceremony.
j After it was over the Judge shook them
by the hand, out he omitted to exerc se
the usual prerogative of kissing the bride.
After Nfr Yee and Yuet Oy had taken
their seats Hor Yock and Jung Sou stood
| up. Jung Sou had a serious iook on her
face and seern«d as if she was deeDly im
pressed with the solemnity of the occa
sion. She was just as emphatic as Y'uet
Oy in nodding ncr approval of the "love,
honor and obey" par;, and accepted the
congratulations of the Judge with becom
ing gravity.
"Why don't you tell them to kiss each
other?" ?aid the Judge to "Wong Hing,
: who only laucned nnd shook his head.
The newly married couple seemed anx
ious to get aw;i.v and hurried out of the
courtroom, leaving Wong Hing to pet the
certificates.
A STRANGER BUNKOED.
Roland Sheard, » Young Englishman,
Relieved of Fifty Golden
Dollars.
Roland Sheard. a young Enelishman,
who recently arrived in the City from
Australia on a visit, made the acquaint
ance of John Russell, better known as
the '-Kid," on Market street Saturday
afternoon.
The "Kid" pave him the usual glad
hand, telling him he was a stranger in the
City, and finally inducing him to rake a
ride to the Cliff Housp. They waited
along the beach, and came across two men
who were amusing themselves playing
the shell game.
"Kid" appeared to get interested, and
began 10 play the game, winning, ot
course. He urged Hheard to try his luck,
but he refused. Tben the "Kid" up
braided him, and accused him of not hav
ine any money. Shcard foolishly pulled
$.v> in gold out or his pocket, and the
"Kid" promptly grabbed it and disap
peared.
Sheard reported the matter to the police,
and yesterday Defectives Reynolds and
Graham arrested Russell. lie was identi
fied in the City Prison by Stieard, and was
booked on the charge of grand larceny.
Arrival of the City of Pars.
The City of Para arrived last night from Pan
ama, bringing the following cabin passengers:
Hon. A. Se'-vall, J. A. Cheape and wife, Koo
Camacho and wife, J. A. Jessen. H. T. Stewart,
J. C. Coppage, W. M. Lewis, Mrs. C. Garcia,
Frank Sewell, A. B. Townsend, G. MahWtede,
Mipuel Camacho, G. Ciocca, A. Stutter, W. F.
McDonald, J. Fittery, Foo Leoa, Robert M.
Phillips, J. Sedgwick and wife, L. Peters, C. Z.
Thompson and wife, Mrs. M. Alvarado, M.
Gray and child Leon, F. \V. Scott, Charles E.
lleame, Leon Lewlne, P. Rpicer, Carlas Thomp
son, Carlos Merns, Marie Alvcrado, Mrs. M.
Gray, A. C. Michaeles, Jams Lassel', D.
Euadro, M. Rosenbaum, Juan Gasser, Louise
Schliche, E. N. Bell, P. Gaives, G. C. Kramer,
C. Garcia and four children.
Decision in ft Land Case.
In the case of the California Redwood Com
pany against Ben J. Lille, Judge Morrow yester
day decided against tbe company. The entry
on the southwest quarter of section 22, town
ship 8 north, ranee 1 east, Humboidt base
ana meridian, by W. M. Bohall, had been can
celed (or fraud. The land was then taken up
by Litle.
MEW TO-DAT.
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoki's is a true]
beautifier, whose effects are lasting. I
PUNGENT POSTAL
CAUSES TROUBLE
Lawyer Shuck Was Ar
rested for Annoying
Mr. Dement.
Addressed Through the Pstoffice
as a Fellow With Two
Names.
Aggravjtlon of the Offense by Spell
ing Club With Two B's-An
Old Quarrel.
E. D. Dement brought to the Postal In
spector yesterday morning a postal card
addressed as follows:
: This fellow has 2 names and I really :
; don': know how to address him -1
; DEMENT ;
: Care of he fellow or 2 names :
: Han be paid Proas Clubb :
; his hills Sail Francisco :
On the other side was the following:
I say, Dement, you brave lellow, my office is
at 50SJ Kearny 6t
Why don't you call on me. I want to see
you. Dont wait. Oscar T. Shuck
SSJiJ Kearny st
San Francisco April 9 '97.
This is for the fellow who belongs to tho
press clubb.
Dement said that the card was in the
handwriting of Oscar T. ShucK, a well
known lawyer of this City. He claimed,
though Shuck denies the statement,
that two or three years aj;o he and Shuck
were partners in the business of tearching
for owners and heirs of money left un
claimed in City saving- banks. Dement
said that he got tired and with
drew from the partnership about a
year a>ro, and he aaid that he couid not
induce Shuck to settle with him, Shuck
having lost money in disastrous invest
ments in mining property at Kandsbr.rg,
Rprn County.
Dement continned to operate in the
bank cases and Shuck made repeated de
mands for a division of the receipts, on
the ground that Dement was his employe
only and had no right to the money.
Dement charged also that Shuck had
written him several scurrilous and abusive
letters.
Shuck was arrested and brought before
United States Commissioner Heacock on
the charge of sending scurrilous and libel
ous matter through the mails. He was
released on his own recognizance, after
having been ordered to appear this morn
ing.
The penalty for this effense is a fine not
to exceed $5000, or imprisonment at hard
labor not longer than five years, or Dy
both such fine and imprisonment.
OacarT. Shuck was seen regarding the
matter and he said :
"Dement was never my partner, but was
my clerK on commission. He never met
me until the Smith case was all settled,
after years of work by me. He is no law
vei. whereas I have been one here since
1865 and have lived here since 1854, having
devoied twenty years to Drobate law. 1
sent tha postal card, but I dunned no
body. Dement poes by two names — one
as collector, one as 'journalist.' He
omits an initial when he writes himself
down as 'journalist.' He is a quarrelsome
iellow. I clairu that he has treated me
shamefully. He has told people I owe
him money, which is false. He was never
my partner and never wili be. I have had
his power of attorney revoked ia several
cases."
EDITOR MARRIOTT.
The Question of Mis Alleged Libel to
Be Heard To-Day.
In Judge Daingeriield's court yesterday
when the case of .Frederick Marriott,
charged with libel, was called, an applica
tion for delay was made by Attorney
Charles Ben Darwin. He said his client
was not able to be present at that moment,
but would be in court to-day.
S. M. Shortridge of counsel for the de
fense also urced a continuance for a day.
Judge Daingerfield said that Mr. Mar
riott knew the case was to be called for
trial and ought to have been in attendance.
Attorney Julius Kami, specially engaged
to assist in the prosecution, objected to
further postponement of the trial. He
thought tue case had been put over enough
times air ady.
When it was apparent that the court
was disposed to support Mr. Kahn's de
mand for an immediate trial, Mr. Darwin
asked permission to retire from the case,
as he could not salely proceed without the
assistance of his client.
Judge Daingerfield refused to allow him
to withdraw, and ordered that twelve
talesmen should be drawn After they
were seated in the jury-box. Mr. Kahn ex
pressed a willingness to have further pro
ceedings go over until 10 o'clock this
morning, and it \va< so ordered.
• — • — • — i
Ax opportunity is given to lease on
shares a very profitable raisin vineyard
and orange grove in central part of State.
Residence and everything complete. Ap
ply to F. P. McLennan, 652 Fifth street, Snn
Francisco. Call between 12 and 2p. m. ♦
I FRUIT AND ILOWER MISSION.
Benefit by Otis Skinner ami Company
for a Worthy Cause.
Otis Skinner and company has Kindly
consented to £ive a benefit to-morrow at
the Baldwin Theater for the San Fran
ci*co Fruit and Flower Mission. The bill
will include some of Mr. Skinner's mas
terpeces anrt will gratify all tastes. The
particular department of the mission
sought to be benefited is the nurses' fund
for the sick poor.
The performance will commence at 2
F. M.
• — — •
Barillas' Lost Watch.
William F. Makehey, an itinerant jeweler,
ww to-dat:
Schilling's Best
Pound Half-pound
Japan 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast 60 30
Oolong 75 '40
Ceylon 80 40 .
Blend $1.25 .65 .
Money-back tea
1896 TAXES! -1896
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
: Kstale Taxes will be delinquent
APRIL 26th, at 6 P. M.,
After which 5 p«>r rent will be added. .
• The < ftice will be op. from 7 10 9 p. v. on
April 24th.
-aturiar, 'April "17. positively, last day for re-
ceiving check*. - ; ' "■ -• ■ ■•••■ '
■;>.• .JaMEs n. BLOCK, Tax elector. ,
E*a Franc sco, April 13, 1897.
is charged with felony embezzlement at the
City Prison. Ing comrlßinant, J. I. Barillas,
a nephew of ex-President Barillas of Guate-
mala, swears that Makehey appropriated, a
diamond-studaed watch leltwlth him to be
repaired.
4 ■ SEW TO-DAY. i
Heart Disease
does not kill with- # -^ ia "
out warning. In «C I » I IT^l RIO
It* early stages it '^ V/UI UUIC.
Dr. Franklin Miles, the eminent specialist in
diseases of the heart and nervous system.
who has made a life study of these diseases'
has proven that heart disease, even in its later
stages, can be cured, and men and women in
all parts of the world who have been cured,
n , . I are healthy, active wit-
Jlp MllfJkC nesses, for they were
■*■ • (Tiller restored to health by
Book on the ■ ■ . *-y
Us,- 4 Heart Cure
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
KEW TO-DAT-AMCSEMESTSL .
BALDWrSTTHEATER.
AihAYMA.V Ji v-'u. (Irrnrnoratoa) . iTnjfKf >:i
3d AND LAST WEEK— ENGAGEMENT OP
OTIS SB^I3Xr3XT3E33FI.
To-night (Tuesday) and Saturday Matinee,
"LADY OP Lyons ll
Wednesday Matinee— Benefit Fruit and Flower
, . -.'■'. Mission. Special Programme.
Wednesday Evening— Double BilL
"MERCHANT OF VENICE" and
"KATHERINE AND PETRUCHIO"
Thursday "UOMEO AN I> JULIET!"
Friday .' "HAMLET! ••
Saturday Evening.... "lUCHAIiD III"
E^TH-A. •
Opening SUNDAY EVENING, APRIL 18,
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS.
Innumerable New and Brilliant Act*.
; J v SEATS BEADY THURSDAY.
tniDOLATtatR-OOTTLOD «o>- ttSfi am rvuu«Us ■ • ■
CHARMINGI I WAS THE
EL . I P- H . TFUL ! VERDI CT\^
MISS^GEORGIA ■ CAYVAN
AND MKR ADHIRAttLB COnFANY
In Robert Buchanan's beautiful Pastoral Drama,
"SQUIRE KATE!"
With Miss cay van in Tier Original Role.
EVERY EVENING INCLUDING SUN DAT
Matinee Saturday Only.
Prices during this .Engagement— 9l.so,
»1, 75c. GOc. 25c.
ALCAZAR success of
Belaaco^l.aFallle..-Mgs. THE WEEK I
Hugh Conway's Famous Play,
"CALLED BACK!"
An Artistic Triumph for the Company and for
GKORGK OSBOURXE.
Our Popular Prices. Seau Reserved by Tele-
phone Blank 991.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
ÜBb-JiaxEaxixii Kbxuni). Proprietor at M.aaagae
TO-NIGHT
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION
Of Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Opera,
THE LILY 01 KILLARNEY.
(THE COLLEEN BAWN.)
A Superb Cast.
Beautiful Light and Water Effects.
sreaery. Costumes and Accessories, all New.
LOVELY BALLAD-*.
' -en]'- stirring Ensembles and Finales.
An Operatic Realization of Bouclcauit's Famous
Play.
Popular Prices 250 and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI-TKR MOROBCn...SoIi Letaee and Mana;j;
ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of the Sensational Comedy Success
"THE WAIFS OF MEW YORK."
Second Week of the Clever Dancing and Singing
Soubretto
V- BIOLXIE THOMPSON.
Many Specialty Artists Engaged for
This Occasion.
Great Fire Scene! Beat Horses and Engine!
New Songs, Dances, Medleys and Specialties !
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
SlatineeH Saturday and Sunday.
NEW VACDETILIK MAGNETS!
IMMEDIATE HITS OF
■ MERUILtKS SISTER*, direct from London;
HARRIS & WALTERS, eccentric duo; KRONE-
iIANM HKfiTHKItS, grotesque trymnasta;
EVANS <fe VJDOCQ, conversationalists, and
TUB i-'AUST PANTOMIME COMPANY 1 la
conjunction with a GREAT BIG BILL!
reserved sea-.s. 25c; Balcony, 10c ; opera-chairs
and box-seats, 60c.
Latest European Novelty!— The London Bell«
Rini;er3 la the Annex every evening.
HOMES FOR ALLI
Free Public Lecture
Illustrated with colored steraopticon ' slides from
original views will be given by
MR. : WENDELL : EASTON
AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
Gutter street, near Taylor,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 14,
At 8 O'Clock,
■ Subject:
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES,'*
With special reference to
Orange and Lemon Culture in the
Foothills of the Sierras.
COME ONE! COME ALjlj!
■.*-..■* ->.- : • ' Ladies Especially Invited.
acin'g: racing: racing:
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY club
winter meeting. 1896-97,
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17, Incluslra
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday.
'.i humility, Friday and Saturday.
. : Ham Shine.
. FIVE OB MOKE KACES EACH DAT.
'—— Races Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp— «
. Perry J'.oiiis Irave ban Francisco .at 12 k. aal
12 :3U, 1 00, 1 :30, 2:00, •£ :30 and 3 p. m.. connect-
ing with ' trains stopping at, tlie entrance to trade
Buy your ferry tickets to >liell Mound.
' Returning— Trains leave the Trade at 4:15 aal
4:45 P. M. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JU, i'realdeu-
K. E. MILKOY, secretary. ,
THE CHUTES. /
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVKSING,
6Ri\D OPESAIR PERFORMANCES!
AXIMATD^COI'E Every Nichu '
Al>.>ll>SlON, lOc. (JUILDRES, 50.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY— 7 A. M. TO 6P. M,
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General : Admission, lOo; Children, 5a
\MI\M SALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bush and Lark in — Kecent Improvements.
JKNAMKLKD SWIMMING: TASK.
' % Additions to Tub Department. ;v '
Admission, 10c. ■ Admission, including swim, -50
Ojh-u D4y and liveuinj,
• .-■-.-. ■ -- - ■■ ■■:■*. * '. . ....
78
FAVORITES ABOUT
HELD THEIR OWN
Took Three of the Six
Events Decided at
Emeryville.
Doiore Won the Opening Scram
b'e at the Spicy Odds
of 12 to i
Zimar II Had a GUloping Exercise.
Willie Marlin Rode Three Win
ners Past the Wire.
A large crowd crossed the bay yester
day to witness six very ordinary events
decided at Emeryville. The weather wa?
sweltering hot and members of the rheu
matic division limbered up nicely, several
finishing within the money at eood odds.
Favorites divided honors, taking three of
the purses offered.
Willie Martin easily carried off the sad
dle honors, getting three of his mounts
past the jmices first.
Barney Schreiber furnished the favorite
for the opening six-furlong dash in Charl
enintrne which receded from 8 to 5 to twos
in the betting. He was messed about con
siderably during the progress of the run
ning and was beaten out a head by the
12 to 1 shot Doiore, riarien by iittle Claw
son. Doubtful, at 40 to 1, ran a good third
carrying 118 pounds.
The brown colt Bliss Rucker, by Salva
tor, from Iris, scored his third consecutive
win in tne four and a half furlong scram -
ble, winning in 55 seconds liKe a real good
one. Backed down from 6t05t0 7to 10,
Hennessy, who ha<l the mount, waited on
Hermoso to the s:retch, where he pulled
away, winning easily by a length. Pock
eted the iast furlong Key Salazar was
beaten a neck ior the piace by Hermoso.
Flushintztou did not run as Delias ex
pected, endine a poor fourth.
D:in Homg's last sDriuter Zimar II
struck a little pigtails and hominy in the
third race at six and a half furlongs. Go
ing to the post a 3 to 10 choice he won,
pulline up, from Horatio, which was very
heavily piaved for the i>laco. Marty Ber
gen, Libir.ue ii s hoise Taranto, was a ciose
third.
The 5 to 2 favorite Montallade for the
mile saUiac affair tijat was next decided
v.es beaten oat at the wire througn
"PeT'T'le" Thonipgon's ineffectual attempt
to outfinish Bob Isom astride the 8 to 1
■hot Meadow Lark. Down the back
stretch Thompson ."tnt the favorite to tae
front and he led nnt.l within a few yards
of the wire, where be was collared and
beaten ojl a sore head by the Brutu
g<>ldi:g in I:42J£. Hermanita came fast
tie last aixteeiub, finishing third lapped
on ttic two lead *r-.
Pat Dunne's recent purchase out of a
Bellini: sr.ee, the gelding Tulare, Jnndcd
the fifth event, a six-furlong spin, decided
under selling conditions. lacked from
threes down to 13 to 5, Willie Martin, who
had the mount, laid away during the
early stages of the running and cutting
100--e in the stretch got the decision by a
b'-ad over Queen Nubia. The favorite,
Elsie Smith, was knocked to her knees in
the stretch or she misht have won.
The jireen colors of Pat Dunne again
flashed first in the final mile selling
event. Cabrillo, which receded from 3to
2 to 9 to 5, made most of the running;, and
'Willie Martin got him over the line win
ner, a short nose in advance of Addie
Buchanan, a 15 to 1 shot. Babe Murphy
came fast at the end, taking ttiird place. *
XOi'i-.s.
frank Galloway ar.d his horse Quick-
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
(-'ALIFORM A JOCK P.Y CLL'B. Oakland Racetrack. .Innday, April la. Seventieth Day of
the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast. '
•ilver have been reinstated by the Oak
land officials.
W. 08. Macdonough yesterday dis
posed ot the filly Tiger Lilly to Hugh
Henry for $700. She is a fine-lookin? young
miss by St. Carlo from tue imported mare
Winuflower.
The following list of entries and weights
were yesterday announced for the en
tries in the Emeryville handicap, six and
a half furlongs, to be decided to-morrow:
Scarborough HOi Vlicior. 118
Double Qulck 1 1 .» Nebuchadnezzar. .... 100
Bernard SO Install at *2
Jit. McGregor II 118 Nebula 9*
Sweet Favordale 112 -ummertime 1 1 -
Palomacll*. 95 Ca iente .... iO7
Caspar, 110 Una Colorado 99
Candeiarib 107 MrKarUne «<>
California US Maenet.. l-»
Chenille. K7 Zamar 11 107
May R 80>Uisun 105
Teuipe»tuons 35 Sly »7
Yankee D00d1e. .....115 F1v........ ............108
Scarf fin US True Blue :105
Trappean. .107 Mary X..... 86
Imp. Bnimmel. 107 1 senator <jr««Jy 105
Imp. Sa.ita Bella 11*1 Hard Tack in i.ngiud 80
Walter J 105 Torstno 109
l.obeneula 10j Human lv! 4
Sir Play 115 Peril 110
Mamie Scott 95 George .Miller 115
Cash Day 12« i Bemad II 10. 1"7
Caesarian 122 A1terna.. ....... 85
Lucky Dog .115 Argentina 112
st Lee 115 Sea Spray **5
Alvarado 1 1 2 -<ugar Foot 85
Belllcoso lIX I Howard i> 113
Dura SO Gratify 80
Hallelujah., feO
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selllne.
812 F.zekiel 108 830 P-rsonne 103
880 Torpedo . 10H 464 Yucaten II 109
744 Mike Kice 11l I 7its Crawford 114
8*25 Nic Sac 109 ! 2» 3 Don Oarr 114
BSI (iOdßu 114 »27 Veva..... 109
768 Amelia K0n50.,109 .... Soledod 114
825 Monitor 11l mi iiil.y Ayres.... 114
8.2 Keel 98
Sacond race, half mile. . ear-olds.
818 Koxev Murphy 104 776 Miss Kemsen..lol
.... P ¥ Kiniiegan. .lo4 .... Maria. ...lol
838 Torslda 107 822 Fodlc Ic4
l>t>7 Sierra Blanca.. 101 ! ... Pan 104
826 Hay Heath 109 698 Delia M 101
ba3 Miis Dividend. lo9 Hit* Morlnel 107
826 Dick 108 819 Mom bpencer.,lo4
8 0 Outlay.... 104
Third race, seven-eighths of a mile.
844 liallHujah 107 836 Fannie S 100
8-4 Aricestos lOtil 830 Altlvo 100
821 Alma 107 *18 1 ussella 107
837 Cherldah lWtl 836 Red Fork 100
844 (iiandezia. .107
Fourth nee, one and a quarter miles, selling.
843 Moille X 110 810 Tuxedo 112
730 kiltie Bob. 112 .... Ko Ko 108
8 2 1-eonville li 2 235 Major 8 108
»40 Oakland 112 837 Soolndain 11
--808 Lizzie H........100 »i:6 IJttieScot 116
8-'O Carrie U. 106 829 Podiga 112
t-37 Jeromes 116 791 Brilliant 112
717 DicK O'Malley..ll2 .... Klco 112
791 Hyman 112
- - Fifth r.tee, one and. a sixteenth miles, selling.
839 Alvarado 1021 840 Morte F0n5e...105
(Sul)Fort Augustus. 86; (798) del Tierra. 88
»47 l.obeneula .....109 831 Logan 11l
847 Judge Denny. ..101
Sixth race, three-quar.crs of a mile, selling.
846 PatMurphy....ll4 (845) Y. •men 114
815 Salisbury i 114 845 Mainstay 117
817 'lorainu 109 832 Gut a Perchft.,ll2
(779; Double Quick. .ll4 516 Quicksilver .... 117
846 <Mob<t as*a 109 ... Venis 11*2
M."> Howard 1141 705 Marionette 109
7SI My 114 [
SELECIION> FOX TO-DAY.
- First race — Amelia Kongo, Mike l:i;e,
Reel.
Second race — Tursida, Outlay, Mii«
Bnmnii
Third race— Kusaolla, Alma, AltiTo.
fourth race — Lizzie Xi, Oak. and, Lit
tle Hob.
Fifth race— del Tierra, Lobengulu,
Monte I ■•■.*■
Sixtli raco — Yemen, Double Quick,
Torslua.
The Palo Alto Annual Sale.
On Tuesday, April 20, the annual sale of
trotting and road horses will take piac^ at
Palo Alto Stork Farm, the home of the
lamented Electioneer. '1 he horses for
this sale are the equal of any yet selected
for the California market. The stallions
represented r.re: Palo Alto, 2 :Qt%; Ad
vertiser, 2:151^; Electricity. 2:17^; Bt
ml, 2:17; Pnola. 2:18; "Amito^ 2:W%;
Hu<r<\2:24; Goo^l Gitt. l>ottorv. Whips,
2:27}^, and Azmoor, 2:2o>^. Sons of Elec
tioneer are all represented by a select lot
of individuals. The great producer* o:
speed Nutwood, Dexter Priiicn and other
noted stallion!* have '.heir representatives.
Tne sale will De a remarkable one iv every
rc-nect.
Trains will leave Fourth and Townsend
streets at 9a. m. Sale will commence im
mediately upon arrival. Carriages will
convey pas«eii,;ers to the farm. A sub
stantial lunch will be served.
The best of h!1 Pills are Beecham's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
MINISTER WU
WOULD EDUCATE
He Wants Railroads, Doc
tors and Newspapers in
His Country.
Says the Missionaries and Their
Physicians Have Done Much
Good to the Poor.
Ho Vow, a Distinguished Cantonese
and Brother-in-Law to the Min
ister, May Be Consul Here.
Wu Tinpr Fang, the easy speaking, big
brained and large-bodied Minister from
China to the United States, who debarked
from the Gaelic Sunday with a retinue of
sixty-two people, had a lively day yester
day at the Occidental. Attorneys, on
what mission nobody knows; preachers,
erstwhile teacher* amorce Ting Fang's
countrymen: persons imbued apparently
with mere idle curiosity,' and others of
WU TING FANG, the New Chinese Minister to the United States,
and the Die mend Euttcn and Beauty Rose by Which He
Was Dis tir gushed Yesterday. On the Right Is KO
YGW, Who May Ec San Francisco's Next Consul.
Another Interesting Member of the Party Is the Minister's
Wife, Whose Dainty Foot, as Shewn in Comparison With
an Ordinary 2 J-2 Shoe, Proclaims Her cf the B T vest
Cantonese tlocd.
different degrees who were simply hang
ers-on, besides newspaper men who were
toere becau»e it was their business,
thronged the corridera of tho hotel yes
terday.
Ttio Minister received his guests in the
parlor, one or two at a time, as the ca-e
might be, the others meantime wailing
just outside in easy reach of call. "\Vu
Ting Fung wears a big button in the round
Muck cap which covers his lirrul. It is be
spangled with diamonds. It must have
cost a fortune, for it is exceedingly oril
liant. On the Jowpt portion of his lefi
shou.der the Oriental diplomat wore a
magniticni American Beauty rose. As it
lay aeainst ihe green background of his
robe it looked very beautiful indeed. Evi
dently the Minister is a man of critical
taste.
The statesman was said to be an intense
advocate of improvements of different
kinds in China. He was reported as hav
ing several lads, among them a desire to
establish maternity hospitals in his coun
try, to foster athletic* and what not.
None of these sublets, however, moved
him when they were mentioned. It
seemed that he bad never thought of
them except in a passing way. However,
•he questions served to call forth his opin
ions generally as to what should be done
for China. He spoke directly to the
point, and in a very interesting manner.
"We want newspapers and railroads
and , many other thine*," he said, "to
open the country as I would have it
opened. It I -had. the power I would
build roads throughout the. empire, thus
making communication* easy. The man
in Canton would thus become acquainted
with the man from Peking,:, and get
familiar with bis habits and customs. It
would open, the eyes of both and do them
good. . "A railroad is a great. educator- in
this way. ; Newspapers are very good, too.
There are different wars of getting an edu
cation, and these are some of them. •• • '
"I believe in your Western civilization.
I think your missionaries and doctors
■who have established hospitals in differ
ent parts of China have done a great deal
of good. At ? the hospitals they take the
poor people, no matter whether they have
any, money or not, and care for them until
they get well of their ailments. They cer
tainly do a great wore in this way. .
. I hope we shall have more physicians
from the West, and ; that our own people
will study the science of medicine a* it is
The facsimile y^^J^r^^ 'is on every wrapper
"S****e of C6OS&Z7&&&: of CASTOIUA.
taught here and in Europe. But our peo
ple, while they believe that in surgery
you are far ahead of our country, are still
slow to adopt the methods prevalent
here of treating diseases. Li Huns Chang
is a believer in them and when ill takes
your medicines as remedies. Even when
desperately in the people hesitate to
change from their own methods of treat
ment io yours."
The Minister was much interested in
the making of the modern daily news pa
per. He was much suprised that tney
were published con; inuously— without a
rest, regard for holidays or Snndays— and
said he dia not see how those who sot out
the papers could stand such arduous toil.
He was also greatly surprised to see young
ladies working on the local staff of the
papers, and inquired if they were em
ployed in other department-, if they did
their work well and what pay they re
ceived.
The big people with the Minister com
prise the following attaches, who are to
be appointed by him to fill various posts
under his dominion as chief autocrat at
Washington :
Wong Ta Chane, who is from Northern
China and who has previously held oflice
in his country.
Chow Chi Yee, also a Northern man
and who has huherto held different oilices
at home.
Low Chin Yee, a Cantonese and man of
large business affairs, who has acquired a
fortune and who is interested in tne house
of Quong Tung Tai at 714 Sacramento
s'.reet.
Sow Ting, a native of Manchn, where
theEmpevor was born. He was an at
tache for a time of the embassy of ex-
Minister Yanp Yu at Washington.
Chung Hoi Koon of Northern China.
Chanc Yunn Tong, a brother of the pre
decessor of Yang Yu at Washington.
This ex-Minister is now a representative
of the P^iupror at the Queen Victoria's
jubilee festival and on hi* way there.
Ho Vow, a Cantonese, brother-in-law to
Minister Wu Tins Fang, and lirother of
Do Ho Kai, niemb^r of the Hongicong
Council. Ho Vow was educated in Eng
land, after whicu he devoted several years
there to the study of law. It is said that
he is the most likely of all the bie me.i
with the Minister to receive the appoint
ment of Consul-General of San Francisco.
He is a fine looking man, ai p.irently not
over 30 y<'ars olu. ' If be s. ion Id be ap
pointed there is reason to believe he would
prove an efficient and popular official.
Among the others of the embassy is
Li Chantr Hsu, nephew of Li Hung Chans
ar.'l son of the former Viceroy of Canton.
The posts to be filled are: Lima, Peru,
one Charge d' Affaires and one Consul;
Havana, one Consul-Genera! ; New York,
one Consul^ Madrid, one Charge d'Af
faires; Pan Francisco, one Consul and one
Consul-Generai.
Banqueted the Minister.
Wu Ting Fang, the new Chinese MlDister,
who is en route to Washington, was tendered
a banquet last nujht by Fung Yung Heng, the
local Consul-General. The feast took pace at
the Yune Fong restaurant on Jackson street,
near Dupont, and was a most formal affair
under the Chinese custom. Only the suites of
the two OrientHl dignitaries we're invited to
attend, making a party ol some *ixty in all.
NOTORIOUS PICKPOCKET.
Nellie Murphy Arrested Twice Within
a Week.
Nellie Murphy, a. notorious pickpocket,
way arrested early yesterday morning on
a charge of grand larceny. George Pium,
an employe in the Lick House, met the
woman in a saloon on Grint avenue and
he says she stole $10 out of his pocket.
Nellie was up before Judge Campbell
last Wednesday on a charge of stealing $4
from a baker. The charge was redured
to petty larceny and s!»e"was fined $100
with the alternative of 100 days in the
County Jai!. Thi* time she will' probably
get a term in San Quentin.
Breakfast Mush in. Court-
H.R. Robbing has inmltuted a suit in the
Superior Court against Thomas Smitn for en
croachment of the trade mark on the milling
product known aa "Golden Stat.' Brenkiast
Mush. Judgment 1b asked for $2000 damages,
lor the seizure and canet>;la;ion < f spurious
liibels now in ih<> possession of the tieiendam
mid to enjoin him from further dealings in
such simulated products.
ARTHUR SEWALL
IS IN THE CITY
He Does Not Believe Mc-
Kinley's Policy Will
Bring Prosperity.
Says He Hopes It Wil!, That
His Party Will Put Nothing
in the Way.
If Times Do Not Improve Silver Wil:
Be More Than Ev r a Question
His Sou's Candidacy.
Arthur Sewall, recently the candidate
for Vice- President of the United States on
the Democratic ticket, arrived here last
night on the steamer City of Para and is
at the Palace. The distinguished gentle
man lelt his home at Bath, Me., nearly
four weeks ago. He Bailed to Colon,
crossed to Panama, and came by steamer
thence.
Mr. Sewall is a large and what would
be called a fine-looking man. He has a
massive head and an intellectual appear
ance. His hair is thick and dark, with a
faint flecking of gray, while his mustache
is beginning to be silvered. He looks the
substantial ship-builder and banker. But
he is the reverse of austere, being matter
of-fact, unconventional and easily ap
proached. He was asked how he regarded
present conditions of the country and its
prospects.
"Oh, we do not feel like throwing any
thing in the way of Mc&inley," he said,
'"to interfere with his plans. If he can
make a success of them we are satisfied.
We hope he will. Prosperity is certainly
needed. Ido not see anything, however,
that indicates good times, and if they do
not improve through the present admin
istration the li^ut will have to be made
over again in the same way. Under such
circumstances the question of free silver
wii! figure as largely as before.
"I do nat see that the remodeling of the
tariff is going to help much. The Dinsiey
bill, I Delieve, is supposed to increase the
price of wool, and it may help the growers
some, but the mil as a whole will not, in
my judgment, accomplish what it is
claimed it will do for the country.
"No, I don't know much about the
chances of my son, Harold M. bewail, for
the position of United States Minister to
Hawaii. He is an applicant tor the place,
but 1 have received no advice here aboui
it. It cannot he correct that he was due
here a weeek aco to sail for Hawaii, as
has been reported.' 7
HABEAS CORPUS FOR ALICE.
Famoaa Claimant in the Blythe Cuso
Restrained of ller Liberty.
Alice Edith Dickason-Blythe, one 6f the
claimants to the Biytlie estate, went to a
home for inebriates a week ago.
J. W. iJrahnstad averred yesterday that
when she tried to get out the proprietors
of the place reused to let her go, alleging
tbat Mr. Varney, her guardian, wished to
have her restrained.
After hearing the statement made by
Attorney Charles G. N«i;le and reading
tue nllidavits in the case Judye Seawcii
granted a writ of habeas corpus returna
ble before Judge Dunne of the Supeiior
Court at 10 o'clock tins morning.
Dropped Dead.
Adolph Schulteoi 174 Jessie street, who had
Deen for some time porter in a saloon on Third
meet, was oa his way yesterday at noon to
the City mid County Hospital to become an
Inmate. He was accompanied by a friend
named Martin, ana when he arrived in front
of me gate dropped de.-.d, presumably from
heart disease. The deceased was a native 01
Germany, aged 42 years. \
FOOD COFFEE.
PROPER FOOD,
And Not Drugs — The Common-Sense
Way.
.The failure of ninety-nine men (and
women) to do what they want, make
money, earn a home or fortune, make a
name for themselves, or attain whatever
goal they aim at, is due to impropei living.
Unnatural food and drink gradually un-
dermine the stomach and the nervous sys-
tem, and somewhere in the body the trou-
ble shows, which drugs will not heal. It
may be dyspepsia, constipation, heart
trouble, kidney complaint or lung trouble,
or ii may show in bad blood, tumors, piles,
weak eyes, loss of hearing and head trou-
bles, all these and many more are caused
by stomach andi nervous disorder, and
they cannot exist when stomach and
nerves work properly. ' .
Lei us seek by natural livine to be well
and happy. Abuses of the body cannot
be helped by medicines unless the abuses
stop, and if that is done the person will
get well quicker without drugs, in nine
cases out of ten.
One of the greatest causes of disease of
■ the present day is found in some things i
litil suspected. ' ' .
Coffee is one- of these "polished Til- '
la ins." .
People wonder day ; after day "what in
the world makes me leel so," knowing that
the ill feelings slowly add up, until a sure
day of reckoning comes in the shape of a
spell of sickness, expensive to pocket and
always a considerable pushdown the hill
in more ways than- one. Yet they don't
seem to find where the trouble lie* until
they quit coffee and tea and go onto a
plain diet.
Thousands are learning these. facts, and
it was to help such as find it about impos-
sible to get on without coffee that careful
experimenters worked nearly a twelve-
month to produce Postum Cereal, a bever-
age with tlie color, pungency and piquant
flavor of coffee, but composed of the pure
grains of the field (wheat; etc.). it can be
used freely by adults and children, as it is
simply the juices of the cereals and is a
perfect food-drink, while in taste and ap-
pearance it is coffee. .
It is, scientifically prepared by the
Postum Cereal Co., Llm., of Battle
Creek, Mich., and is not as strong and
acrid as very strong and low-grade coffee,
but ranks in flavor and color with the tine
mellow grades 01 the high-priced .Mocha
and Java and creams to the clear golden
brown so greatly liked by connoisseurs.
A few days' use makes one very fond of
the delicious, nourishing cup 01. Pustum,
and the old ill-feelings of ; body gradually
disappear. Why? it is . asked. Your
chemist will tell yon that it is now clearly
shown. by analysis that the same poison-
ous alkaloids exist in coffee «s in mor-
phine,; whiaKy, tobacco and strychnine,
and the daily doses directly attack stom-
ach, heart, hver and nerves. These facts
make plain the reason for so many serious
attacks on the body from a hitherto un-
suspected quarter. It's the knife in the
dark that kills, but science has thrown
lieht :on this subject, and ; . one can 1 " now
have the satisfaction at least . of knowing
what it is that hurts. .
There is but one genuine original Posturn
Cereal coffee, with a , multitude : of imita-
tions offered as "just as good." .;
NOTARY PUBLIC.
'/"JHARIJSS H. \ ATTOIiirBY-ATC
V l£w and Notary Public; 638 Market su, oppo.
•1M Palace Uom:. Telephone 670. Ke«ld«ac« ISuM
i*U tUMb Nwfetai - Ho* - U9U
. HEW : to-sat:
<* C^gr A ' L o
DOCTOR SWEANY
20 TEARS' KXPKRII XCE.
Recognized by the entire medical fraternity as the
LEADING AND MOST SCCCES^rCL
SPECIALIST
IN THE WORLD.
The doctor Is a graduate from the best medi-
cal colleges in the world. Diplomas and
licenses bang on the walls of his office. He
has had many years of experience in the lead-
ing Eastern hospitals, besides his many years
of wonderful success in practice.
He publishes no names of patients nor their
diseases, but cures them, and any one in need
of his services desiring references can be shown
hundred* of testimonials on file in his office.
which grateful patients have requested him
tome. .:,.■.::"
«"«rU^r DO THE SICK PEOPLE OK
W II V THIS VICINITY CROWD Ilia
" 1 1 A OFFICE DAILY?
f-> r^/"» A I TCL C The wonderful
iS J~\\^j/\ 1 J,^ i"*, en res he has made
a - -'^^ V- '*- 7 *-' have created con-
fidence and delight in the haarts 01 those
who have struggled in vain for years against
the ravages of disease, until the successful
doctor, whose picture appear* above, gave
them the opportunity to get well.
BUSINESS MEN
Now realize the fact that DR. SWEANY can be
depended upon to fulfill his promises in every
respect, and he now numbers among his pa-
tients many of the most prominent business
men of this city and vicinity. He treats all
medical and surgical diseases.
VOlTlSiri MPIM If y° u re troubled
YUUrNU IUCI> wltn pimples, tired
feelings, gloomy foreboding.', palpitation of
heart, hot flushes, blood rusning. to the bead,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, night emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak memory, dark
circles under the eyes, dizziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which . abso-
lutely unfit you for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take treatment iroxn this
noted specialist before it is too lute.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN
There are thousands of you troubled with W3«k,
aching backs and kidneys, white or brick dust
sediment in urine, too frequent urination and
other unmistakable signs of nervous debility
and premature decay. Many die of this diffi-
culty, Ignorant of -the cause.: The most ob-
stinate cases of this character treated with un-
failing success. Delay is dangerous.
PDIVATP Diseases— Gonorrhea,
I" I\. I V t\ 1 L, strictures, Syphilis, Hyaro-
cele, Varicocel*. Tenderness, Swellings, Weak-
ness of Organs, quickly cured without pain or
detention from business.
fATADD Which poisons the breath,
vriinrvcvii stomach and lungs and
paves the way for Consumption, Lung, Liver,
Heart, Kidney and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
! treated far in advance of any institution in the
country.
BLOOD AND SKINS,^^
•Pimples, Sciofula, Ta nts. Tumors, Tetter,
Eczema and Blood Poison, primary or secon-
dary, thoroughly eradicated, leaving the sys-
tem In a strong, pure and healthful state. *
I A rjl CC If you are suffering from per-
1 -' * 1 -' ll - rO sistent. Headache or any other
distressing ailments peculiar to your sex, you
should consult Dr. Sweany without delay. He
cures when others fail. »*S3
SCIENTIFIC TREATTIENT.
In Seminal Weakness, like all other ail-
ments, the peculiarities shown in each case
will differ end each ; case must be studied Dy
Itself and treated according to the conditions
existing in that particular case.* No two cases
can be cured with the same treatment, as no
two esses are alike. This is why Dr. Sweany
has no single remedy which he deals out as a
"cure-all," nor any mechanical contrivances
■uch as "electric belts," which aro heralded to
the world as a remedy for all ills. His medi-
cal education condemns such methods. Every
case - that he undertakes to cure is treated
scientifically with such remedies and such
means as In his Judgment that particular
case requires in order to effect a speedy and
permanent cure.
VVPITP Your troubles If living away
TT IX I ■ «-» from the city. Thousandscured
at home by Correspondence and medicine sent
as directed. Letters answered in English, Ger-
man, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or
Danish. . ■ .
Absolute secrecy In all professional dealings.
Office hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7to 8
T. M. Sunday, 10 a. X. to 12 M. Address
DR. F. L. SWEANY,
737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
(OddosU* "Examiner" Office).
Are You III?
Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Well?
IF SO USE——
DR. MARTIN'S
Gii i n
OF THE AGE,
KDIN'rERNA U L USE* 1^ FOR ETERNAL
A CERTAIN CURE TOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in Gen*
vral, Dyspepsia. Dysentery, Cholera
Morbns, . Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nerrous Com'
plaints, Disease mt the Stomach and
Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidney
Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Golds,
Coughs, Local and General Debility) '
Headache, Karaohe, .Toothache. Sick'
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, Bwel<
lings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, Colic,
Cramps. Sprains. Bruises, Scalds!
■vToundsr Indlgestloa, Skin Diseases,
Excessive Itchings . and many other
complaint* too numerous to name here.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle.
D L. a CALLIBCH, Wholesale Agent for tha
Pacific CoMt, San Jose, Cal. tn-
Tor sale by all druggUts. The trade -UDDIi-d
HAUS REISTIGOBATOB
a DR. HALL'S REimiGOiWOH
SSSs^s^S
' X v *3 EDIC At INSTITUIK
AH r.n * 6 Broadway. Ualclaud. Cat .
"" <v Wicxiy ZLtZt ., b«ua f Of
BSrWf WILCn * COMPOUND
mm The only reliable female r^iiMtor
Mm S.n T rt P / a V - Sold by druggists. 52.00
mWvir£vu™J nT Woman's Hafeeuard.
mm wacox go._22B_s. Bth st,
NEW TO-DAY.
'* AT AUCTION
■
THIS DAY,
TCESDAT APKIL 13. 1897,
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Probate Sale Howard ' Street Improved
Property.
■ RE. line (Nos. 881, 833) Howard. 355 feet SW.
from .Fourth at. — Improvements, t*vo residences of
7 rooms, bath and basement; lull rents $75; How-
ard st. in basalt rock: sold toclose an estate; large
lot, 45x85 feet; sold subject to confirmation of .su-
perior Ccurt. L. A.
Isu«h Street Improved Property.
a line (Xos. 1617 and 1619) Bush St.. '220 f?et
W. of Franklin— Bush-st. front; 2 houses of 6
rooms, bath and basement; rear fronting Fern
aw. ; 2 collages, 3 and 4 rooms; fu.l rent $70;
Geary and sut-er cables; large lot, 3 1 _':tfxr.2O feel,
through to Fern aye.
Prealtiio Height*.
s\V. corner Sacramento and lnnt sts,— Bay-
window building, comprising '2 French flat* of "7
and & rooms; store and 4 rooms: full rants $60;
cement walk and bituminous pavement on Sacra-
mento St.; bacramento-st cable.
Residence \ear Market Street.
N. line (No 438) of liltiley or 13th St., 80 fpec
E. of Guerrero— House 6 rooms and bath; near
Castro and Valencia st. cable: lot 25x100 feet. -
Twenty-Fourth-Si. Improved Property.
North line (No«. 3174 and 3176) of Twenty-
fourth st., 92:6 fuel east of Howard— lmprove-
ments, two i.a> -\viiul<nve I residences of 7 rooms
and bath each; lull rems $36: large lot, 35:6xii3
feet.
Folsom-Street Buainess I.ot.
Southeast line of Folsom st., 125 feet southwest
of 9th— Lo: in fine business "location; wi:h proper
improvements would pay well ; electric and cab a
cars; street in basaic rock: lot 25x95 feet.
A«hbury Height* Kesidence Lot*.
Northeast corner of Ashbury or Park Lone and
1 8th or Minerva sts.— • hree elegant resilience lots-
mar ne and inland view, nil ready to build upon-
b.-Jiutnul location for a home: sewer on 18 h st ;
S. F. and s. M. electric road: corner lot 25i95 In-
side lots 25x95 and 'JSxIOO feet.
Van Ness Avenue Residence Lot.
Wes: line of Van Ness aye.. 37:6 feet north of
■rranciscost.— Mreetbi iiruinized;sldewalk curbed-
street sewered end side sewered; Hue view an
elegant lot; must be sold; lot 20x12U fejt. '
■ Bernal Height* Horn* Lot*.
Ten residence lots, fronting Powhattan aye.
Banks, Butler or Folsom sn.— Pleasant location-
must be so d; electric lino t.. be on Cortlana aye •
near Mission, Valencia and San Bruno cars: lot*
25x<0 feeu
Bennington-Street Home.
West line (-No. -6) of Bennfnjrton st., north of
Cortluid aye— Improvements, cottage of 3 rooms-
electric road to bo on Cort anil street sewered
and graded; lot 25x124 feet.
EASTOV, KLUKIDGE « CO..
Office Salesroom, 638 Market St., opposite Palace
XXOkCla
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD DSE DAMIAN4 BITTERS, THE
O great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength- to tha Sexual Organs.
OCEAN TRAVEL.'
PACIFIC fOAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVK BKOADWAY £***.
wharf, Han Francisco, as follows: rm'Ust
For ports in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 10, .21, 26.
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, A&acortes and
New atcom (Bellinifham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. M.
April 1,6,11. 16, 21, 26 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting a: Vancouver with the C. P. a.
I R., at Tacoma with X. I". R. H., at Seattle with «.
I N. Ry., at Port Towusend with Alaska steamers.
For Kurelca, Area' a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. v., April 2, 6. 10. 14,
18. 22, 26, 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (Kan Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, SanU
Barbara, Ventura, Ilaeneme, san Pedro, Kast Saa
Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport, at 9 a. il
j April 4, 8, 12, 16. 20, 24, 28. and every lourtn
day thereafter.
For san Dieeo. stopping only at Port HarrorJ
(San Luis Obispo). banta Barbara, Port Loa An-
felea. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, J2, 26, 30, ana every
fourth day thereafter.
ForEnsenada, Sun Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves the ripht to change with-
out previous notice steamer*. Bulling dates and
hours of sallln-r. Ticket office— Palaca Hotel. 4
; New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
| ' '■ - . 10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST 6TEAMEEB TO
PORTLAIST 3D
From Hpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. k
F AKE{2^ I '" ip " t " cla X Including
J. xj.xtj^\sts second-class /berth & m«I «
SCHEDULh; OF SAILINGS:
I Columbia .;.... March 24, April 3, 13.2J
State of California.. A] arch 29, Aprils 18 28 '
Through tickets and. through bacjra-'e to 'au
I". F. CONNOR. General Acent.
GOODALL. PKRKINB * cS!° tuStVnT^t.
fHlßatMlfl «■ s - AUSTRALIA for
dSiMnIC H ° N " LULU odl ■•
[•£■*■■■• Tuesday. April 20, at
Si ' 2 P. M. fcpeclai party
(v/ I • \ rates.
*SiWn^ninJ the a. a mono WAt
CyiUllllJilli;^ Ba ii s via HONOLULU
/nfHRfIPL^ and AUCKLAND for
VWllipai«q^ s V D N X Y. Thursday,
April 29. 2 P. 4.
Line to COOLO ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
fouth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELB&BROS. CO., Acents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, >an Francisco.
COMPACXIE 6Em.IL TRAMTLASTIip
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW).42 NORTH jfntn
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -ftiisfy
this line avoid both transit by English railway an!
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via ParU
Urst class $160. 4.- ond class «116.
LA NORMANDIK.. April 17, 10 a. sf.
LA CUAMiAU.SK April 24, 10a. m.
LA GASCOGNK May 1, 10 a.m.
LATOURAINE...... May 8, 10 a. M.
I.A KKKTAUNE . Ma 15, 10 A. if .
13* For further partlculnrs apply to
A. FORQKT, Agent.
No. 3. Rowl !ns ; Green, New York.
•:•■ 3. T. FVQAZi & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomsrv
avenue, ban Fiaucist-o.
«5^K DAMBIRGAMERICA! LHB
L-S»iißpw»e TWIN-SCREW EXl'Ußii
' ' —zSor^fzHm*" ■ Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris & Hamburg
Normannia Apr i -J > .sotuia..uia:....June <S
Coiuiiibtii -v.ar.l3 C01umbia....... June 10
F. Bismarck . May 27 | auv. 'i« totla ..June 17
Ham l»urg- American Line, 37 li'wav.X.Y.
KAHN it IIERZOQ. Agents. 401 California su,
Ban Francisco. Cal. ' ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS '
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St^
At 0 I*. M, Daily. I'rei^lii. received no
to .>:3() P. 31. .
- ens- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.' -
'1 he only iiiif selling through tickets and ln|-
through freight rates to all points 0:1 V'tOlay
lUUroa.. — • . .
• STEAMER !:
T. C. Walker, J. n. refer*.
Mary tiarra;t, City of Stockton,
'leicphoue Alain 803. Cai.Nav. aud Impu Urn
FOR U. S. MVY.YAR9 VALLEJO.
STKABIEB ••MONTICJiLL.o,"
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thu7s7a"nd Sat
Fridays ".?. *"* 3 = 16 P M < 9 * «"«-'Thurs.)
Bundays-::::::-;:::.:v:::;:-: io'a^M-^i £ £
Landing and ollices. Mission Dock. Pier A •
. ; Telt-pnone Ureen 381.
FOR Sii JOSE; 10SGAT0S& SA\Tmii7
CTKAiiEK ALVISO LE AVK-Tplk » 1 «Mift Ufi
(Sundays eicepted) Tat 10 I V f, \ Da ILY ■WEST SHORE
RAILROAD A
CERTAINTY
So Says President Thorn
ton, and He Should
Know.
THE RIGHT OF WAY
ABOUT SECURED.
Ground Will Doubtless Be
Broken Within a Few
Months.
WORK FOR HUNDREDS OF THE
UNEMPLOYED.
Tne New Line Will Tap a Rich S?c
tiOD That Has Heretofore
B;en Ignored.
The incorporators of the West Shore
Railway — the line that i? intended to skirt
the shores of the Pacific Ocean all the way
from San Francisco to Santa Cruz and
thu6 tap a strip of most productive coun
try which has heretofore been completely
ignored— have not been courting a great
deal of publicity of late, but nevertheless
have been quite as active as ever.
As a matter of f£Ct, according to Presi
dent Thornton, this proposed line is at
present nearer a reality than it has been
at any time since the project was first
mooted. If ground be not broken and
actual work be not commenced within a
comparatively few months the promotors
will be disappointed, and this is some
thing that they do not anticipate. Indeed
President Thornton says he is satisfied
that before the clo3e of this year hundreds
of men wnoare serionsly in need of em
ployment will be at work on the line and
it will be work that will last many months
and furnish relief foi numerous needy
families.
"All that prevents us from starting right
now 13 the fact that we have not quite se
cured all of our rights of way," said Mr.
Thornton yesterday. "We "have really
oeen taking our time about this matter,
or rather we have been proceeding cau
tiously, because we do not wisn to make
any blunders. 1% is our intention to posi
tively and finally secure every right of
way Before we turn a spadeful of earth.
We want no litigation. Condemnation
suits, I know, are the usual things, but we
propose to have none of them.
"We got a pointer on this proposition
from our dear friend and sympathizer,
> .".us Spreckels. He gave us some advice
recently, telling us not to make amove
until we had finished np everything in re«
pard to the securing of rights of way. It
was rather an unusual method in railroad
building, he confessed, but he thouehi it
would prove itself to be the beat. At all
events we have decided to be guided by
his suggestions.
"As matters stand at present we have
succeeded in getting a route through tbe
most disputed lands, and tbe rest of it ap
pears on tbe face to be easy of accom
plishment. I mean by that the land
owners with whom we have yet to deal
are quite friendly toward us and will do
the right thing. Everybody along the
projected route seems to realize that the
road, when nnished and in operation, will
be a big thing for them, and they p.rc im
patient for the actual beginning of work.
We are not handicapped by any lack of
capital, so, you see, there is really nothing
to prevent us from getting down to busi
ness at an early date."
The West Shore Railway Company ob
tained its initial start when it purchased,
two years ago, all the rights of wav of the
Kan Francisco and West Shore Railway
Company, consisting of valuable fran
chises secured from the City of San Fran
cisco, giving the company the right to
U3e certain strcetr- in traversing tbe City
to a point on the b ly shore near Twenty
rifth strset and Potrero avenue, a distance
of eighteen minutes by streetcars to Third
and Market streets.
The company expects to build a line
t!iat will furnish the traveling public a
quicker trip from this City to Santa Cruz
man either of the Southern Pacific's lines
ran afford and over one of the most pic
turesque routes in tbe world. It confi
dently expects that by running a road
south along tbe shore of Halfmoon Bay
ana thence on down to Santa Cruz it will
expose vast natural weaitu and develop
an enormous traiiic.
Leon Coborn. a wealthy landholder of
Santa Cruz County, has given the new
road a fine depot site at ;bat po.nt on mo
r »ast where Peseadero Creek empties into
the ocean — a splendid location for a thriv
ing little town— and it is understood tbat
he will al-to give two miles rignt of way
through his land. Coborn's business
senst! prompted this.
The projectors have found, as the result
ol their surveys, that they will be com
relied to desert the shore for a few miles,
at the point in banta Cruz County where
Wndell Creek reaches the ocean. The
coast here ;s far too rocky to permit the
laying of tracks around it economically.
In consequence the road will now swing
inland from this point and will continue
downward through several pretty iitiie
valleys until it reaches San Vicente Creek,
where it will azain dart out for the beach.
This bend will practically constitute tho
only part of the road from which the
mighty Pacific will not be in constant
view.
THAT FOOTBALL MONEY.
The Pacific Association Ordered It to
Be Given to the Balboa iluule
vard Kami.
The board of governors of the Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association has decided
to turn over the funds accruing from the
football gams which took, place last win
ter in this City between the Olympic and
Butte City football teams to the Baibda
boulevard fund, amounting to $700.
It will be remembered that after and be
fore the football game considerable dis
cussion arose over the personnel of the
Butte City team, which the captain
finally acknowledged was composed of
amateur and professional players.
The game, however, was allowed to take
place under protest, and the moneys
taken in at the gate instead of being
divided among the teams to defray their
expenses, etc., were held under the thumb
m the association, to be disposed accord
ingly as the Parinc Atnletic Association
I'overnors saw fit— that is. after the ex
renses of the Olympic Club proper bad
been deducted.
The association is etill hot after the
amateurs who have contested for money
prizes and some of them, including Stuart,
Carter and Frank Gilbert, have been ad
judged full-fledged professionals, who can
not pcrticipate In future in contests gov
erned by the rules o! the Amateur
Athletic Union,
These sii little desperadoes committed tha heinous offense of entering a hole in the wall just laree enough for their pas
sage and helping themselves to the candy in Louis Grade's shop at s°»B Washington street. Frank Burdeste, who was cap
lured after much trouble by the detective force, is nearly 10 years old. The others, also captured alter considerable vigi
lance, are Manuel Ross, aged S years; Moses Rothenstein, 10; Harry Rothenstein, 8; Harry Lee, 8, and Harry Ross, 8. The
little fellows held hi^h carnival yesterday in the matron's room at the City Prison, where they were detained awaiting their
deportation to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, or back to their homes, providing their respective mothers promised to give
them a liberal allowance of swift slipper-oil. Tne latter course was pursued late yesterday afternoon.
THEY HAVE FAITH
IN LITTLE CUBA
The Local League Will
Have a Meeting To-
Morrow Night.
An African Guerilla Fighter
Wants to Join the In
surgents.
A Grand Picnic in Aid of the Patriots
to Be Held at Sausalito
in May.
President Jones and Secretary Masche
rinx of the Cuban League were busy all
day yesterday mailing notices of to-mor
row night's meeting to the members of
the local organization.
There will be a meeting at California
Hall to-morrow night for the purpose of
unifying sentiment, appointing commit
teej and otherwise forwarding the work of
the patriots' friends. Prominent speakers
will address the meeting and committees
will be arjDointcd to make preparations
for the picnic on May 30 at Wild wood
Gien, Sausalito.
Letters continue to come to the secre-
Lon Agnew of Chicago and Bob
Thompson, the Colored
Pugilist of Salt Lake,
Who will meet for the second time on Wednes
day evening at the entertainment that
will be (tiven by the Pacific Athletic Club
in Woodward's Pavilion. The men are so
well matched that a great battle la ex
pected.
tary from all parts of the coast, and each
one contai ns, as a ; rule, a number of sig
natures to the Cuban petition.'.; L' ltalia
and the Voice of the People in Ban Fran
cisco arc' doing good work for the cause
and both publish lists of names daily.
The following letter from Tucson is a
fair sample of what comes daily :
Tucso.v. Ariz.; April (5. 1897. ',
Mr. Fault E. Manchi:rini, tOO 6 Mnson Street, San
Francisco— Dear Sir: 1 am advised that yon
represent the Cuban cause in the now con
tending great struggle for liberty, hence 1
wish yon would kinulygive me whrt informa
tion is possible. 1 would like to join one of
the expeditious to Cuba , and take un arms in
the present war.. Can you say who 1 would set
my necessary, papers irom, and are there any
parties or party who is contracting or hiring:
men to go over? I am a native of Texas and
have served as Deputy United Slates Marshal
there and in the Indian Territory. Have been
in the Republic of Colombia, South America,"
a couple of years;' about three year* in South
Africa, ■=■-■ where I ' : - was y in . the rinks 'of
the . Boers when we captured Jameson.,
I have some : • knowledge . .of ■ . guerilla j
warfare ■ and 'will. I think, be ,no
detriment to 7 a fight. 1., am desirous
of going , and will , pay my own • fare to
anywhere, on the coast, / J.I you can help ire
in getting, commissioned- or -placed I will be
indebted to you. "I have, recently arrived in
the United States from Africa, and may say 1
can also speak Spanish fairly. I have laid the
matter thus • before j-ou in my own way, and
hops to have an early reply as possible, with
all the information and help you can give." 1 I
am confident I can take a few good men with
mo also if you could offer any financial induce
ments to wen of a first-class kind.- I am, sir,
respectfully yours, =: W. 8. O'Brien^ .;
■ . •••• • . >.: , ... .Tucson, Arizona.
Similar letters are coming from all parts '
"*'*.. - - - . - --i.T .' * .'i ■ -t: 1 .'".""- '-■>-■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
A BED FULL OF BABIES.
of the coast. Many names have been
signed to the petition at Woodland, Los
Angales, Butte Oiiy, Stockton and Sacr*
mento. The local committee is really iv
better working order and more determined
than it has been, and there is no intention
of ceasing tue work.
ELNG AND GLOVE.
TO hat Is Being Done m Loral Fistic
Circles.
In regard to the forthcoming contest
between Thompson and Agnew.it may be
said Thompson, the colored champion of
Bait Lake—that is of the cJass of hirhleis
he represents —is of comparatively un
known quality, but be has an excellent
record nevertheless, and men who are
3ood judges of boxing do not hesitate to
say that he will give Agnew a hard race
ior the long end of the purse.
Anyhow Thompson looks every inch a
fichter and ii has been said in undertones
that Agnew has a wholesome regard for
the colored lad's ri;ht-hand punches,
which are said to be something terrible.
Thompson claims that he whipped Agnew
in Belt Lake City, but tbe white man says
no. and that the li^ht ended in a draw.
The Stelzner and Greggains contest will
be twenty rounds ami the Agnew and
Tbompsou scrap fifteen round;. The club
will doubtless match Kennedy of the San
Francisco Club to box eieht rounds aeainst
soaie of the local scrappers, an 1 this will
be the curtain-raiser. Tne Pacifies have a
good card, which the sporting public will
acknowledge.
The next fight which will be held
under the auspices of the National
Cub will take place on the evening
of the 2.'sd inst. The programme
reads: Bob Armstrong, who is a c >unter
nart of Peter Jackson, and who is now
under tho management of '•Parson"
Davies, will meet bam Pruit in a fifteen
round bout. Both men ure colored heavy
weights nnd said to be very hard punchers.
Jimmy Barry and Jimmy Anthony will
box twenty rounas to cecide the bantam
weight championship of the world, and it
is certain that Jim will w;n the fistic race
and the honors connected therewith. A
third match will be arranged this coming
.The Olympic Club is still looking for
talent, and perhaps it may match La
vigne and Gans, the ■ bard-bming 133
--pound champion pugilist of Baltimore,
for twenty rounds- Gans would give La-,
vit»ne a hard run to the finish, bat bis
manager is looking for soft snaps before
Gans is turned loose upon the cracker
jacks.
The club is also thinking of matching;
George Green and Tommy West, the
colored fighter who whipped Walcott re
cently in the East. Green cannot very
well draw th» line on West, as he (Green)
consented to tight Walcott in Carson, but
the latter refused the offer to meet the
CtUiforman. Green now seems to be a
terror to all men in his class. George is
at present rusticating in Glen Eiien and
is taking good care of himself.
Kitseball.
A large crowd witnessed the came be
tween the Postal Clerks and the Precita
Parlor Sunday at Central Park. The
latter team won by a score of 15 to 5. The
proceeds are to go to Mr. Asmussen, and a
neat sum was realized.
The Austra'ian team was out practicing
on last Saturday, and from the way they
bit the bail the Olympics will have a hard
tia>e next Sunday.
The Reliance Athletic Club defeated the
Caliiopesns by a score of 11 to &
The Llah Club defeated the California
Markets by a score of 13 to 8.
The Con wav «fc Buumpls defeated the
Red Rocks by a bcore of 36 to 9.
A Feddier Wounded.
Louis Fanucke, a peddler living at 1006
San so me street, was found on Montgomery,
nvenuo; near Green street, last night bleeding
from a knife wound on the cheek and scalp.
He was so drunk that he could not give any
information as to who cut him or where it was
done. He was ken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. lormey siitchgd aad dressed hie
wounds. . ■t'?83$g®3i£B8B!M!BGB&BBSGa&&&
OLYMPIC BIKERS
STILL DEFIANT
A Special Relay Race
With the Bay Citys
Seems Certain.
The Matter Will Be Settled at
a Meeting to Be H?ld
To-Night
Th'.-r: Seems to Be a Division of
Sentim nt as to the Rues
That Should G:vern.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold
■ special meeting 'this eveuing for the pur
pose oi considering the proposition to en
gage in a private 100-miie relay race with ;
the Bay City Wheelmen, so as to settle
the much-mooted question of supremacy
between those rival organizations.
It is all the outcome of the recent an
nual century relay, in which the Bay City i
contingent came out with top honors and
j the Olympics in second place. There was
■ a row and a protest over the decision.
The protest emanated from the Olympic
Club riders, who claimed that certain
members of the victorious team did not
make any pretense toward living up to the
rules governing the race.
After accusing the Bay City contingent j
of resorting to trickery and unfairness in
order lo win the Olympics dared the vfc- i
tors to pedal over the course once more .
again«t their men. Through Captain Day
the Bay City riders accepted this cnal
lenge, and now all that seems to remain Is
for the Olympic lads to announce when
they will be ready.
"We propose to give everybody fair
warning in this affair that we will pace
our riders over the course," said one of the j
forenios' Olympians last nighi. "This is '
in violation of the ruies, we know, but mm I
are so certain that the Bay City racers will
not live up to the rules that we do not
propose to take any chances. They have :
resorted to their little tricks every time I
they raced before, and it stands to reason :
that they will do it again. Therefore, we
say, let's have no rules to violate.
"They might just as v.-ell come out and
agree to the pacing of all the riders, for
they woulrt do it themselves anyhow. We j
do not intend to be caught napping j
again."
But then, this is only one Olympic opin
ion. It can be truthfully said that such
radical ideas are not entertained by all of
tiie members. A ereat many of them '■
favor looking at the matier coolly and j
sensibly, and of keeping one idea before !
them throughout— the good of the iport. I
Not that they are Inclined to abandon j
the special-race proposition— they seem
on;y too eager for that— but rather di«
courace the idea of opening the way for
another dispute by deliDerntely violating
the amateur ruies. These conservative
memberssay: "Let the t<vo ciubs have
an understanding beforehand that the
race will be strictly under the rules, and
that the one which commits an infraction
will be declared tbe loser. '
This element of tbe Olympics seems
confidant that its team can beat the Bay
City riders over the 100-mile triangle, and j
professes that it wants to see it done "on
tbs square."
But all this is to be a matter for dis
cussion at to-night'.H meeting. One thing
seem* certain, and chat is that the Olym
pics will stand by their original challenge
for a special race over the big relay course, i
Women'a Federation.
The officers of the Home of Refuge, supported
by the Woroci'a Federation, wore elected yes
terday with the following result: President,
Mrs. Eva Bates; first vice-p-esident, Mrs S J
Phillips: second vice-president, Mrs. l). Far.*;
recording secretary, Mrs. L. M. Kimball; cor
responding secretary, Miss C. 1,. Smith ; treas
urer, Dr. T. B. Janes. The iederation Is pre
paring circulars 10 be sent out asking for as
sistance to enable them to move Into roomier
quarters.
Metrical Mizpnha.
The Mizpah Club, aa organization of chari
tably Inclined peopl" of talent, has Issued in
vitations to » "picnic" in (.iolden tiate Hall on
April 24. The invitations are couched in
diKperel printed on roueh wrapping caper,
setting forth the prospective joys of the'eater
tainmenL.
NEW TO-DA.T.
<£ 1 f\f\(\ RXT W" AT? T\ Dr. tierce's Patent Galv-»nc Chain Belt ■ is positively guaranteed
«ESJV/v»V» ..Xiiij.lif J\-X\iU * to be the most perfect electric be. t cow mafia ini».ir,"par^ of the
world, and is ai far superior to .he cheaply gotten up but extensive y advertised called e;«': nc belts
now on the market i-s an etc trie light is sup-rlor to that of a tallow candie. For a tirst-class bell,
with ail modern improvements, at. a Modkkatk Prick, patronise an o tl-< staullshed aDd reliable firm '
and you will thus have no rf«oa to com mala of having been Bwiml n! out or your money by un-
principled ••qu«cka.' l^ Buy no belt tin you have seen Dr. Pl« rce'*. S3" Hook Free. Call or address
Du. PIEhCK A SON, 704 Socran.en to st., cor. Kearnv, or 640 Marx t > si., i belo w Kearn • , San
J-rancisco. The lo.io-. druggist! are agents: E. K. Oogixus, tsacramoniQ; lloekex £>buo Ca.
I Stockton, and Ueobce O. MoaEniup, bun JtM
CHANGES MADE ON
THE COLUMBIA
Third Officer Watt Suc
ceeds First Officer
Prebble.
The Second 0 ficer Still Retains
His Old Position on the
Steamer.
A. E. Pryor Got a Scare From tbe
JJusic-B x That Went Down
With the Sunol.
There have been a number of changes
on the Oregon Navigation and Improve
ment Company's Columbia. Chief Officer
Prebble has retired and Third Officer Wait
has been appointed to his place. It. Bakey
has taken Watt's place, and the second
officer will remain in his present position.
The reason for Watt's jump is the fact that
he holds a master's certtlicate, while the
second mate does not. Captain Prebble
will take command of one of the boats
leaving for Alaska and will be gone several
montns.
The following cannery boats are all fit
ting out : The ship Sterling, Willie B.
Hume, Eclipse and Merom. All of them
are bound for Nuchigak and among them
will take away about 1000 Chinese and 250
sailors and fishermen. Ti>e Sterling is the
flajrship of the AlasKa Packers' Associa
tion and Captain Davis, her commander,
is one of the best-liked men in the service.
Captain J. P. Youngren of the shi]>
Levi G. Burgess reports to the Hydro
graphic Office that, April 8, when in lati
tude 39 deg. 39 mm. north, lonpituae 124
deg. 88 mm. west, he passed a large spar
standing about ten feet oui of water. It
looked like a schooner's mast.
People on Change yeste: day were won
dering if it might not be botne wreckage
from the lona overdue Samaria. Captain
Me Kue was accompanied on the trip from
Nanaimo, B. C, by his wife and two chil
dren.
Georze Birdsell, the popular assistant
of "Teddy" Osborne m the Ferry Cafe,
is a proud and happy man. He has
been a benedict for a littie over a year,
and on Sunday morning his wife pre
sented him with a son and heir. George
is one of the best-known men on the
water iront, and his am ached long be
fore the day was over, oving io the num
ber of congratulations he received.
A. E. Pryor, seneral manager of Piper-
Aden-<Toouall Company, ttt* diver and
the men who were working on the wreck
of the Sunol iast Saturday nlfrfat got a
j^are that sent them ashore in a hurry.
When the steamer was cut down the
music-box was playing "The Wearing
of the Gret-n," in honor of St. Patrick's
day. It was a beautiful night and Pryor
was sitting on ih ■ rail wailing lor the
diver to come up, when he was astounded
to bear under the schooner's quarter the
strains of "Home, Sweet Home." The
sound came n arer and nearer, and soon
the diver appeared, carrying ihe music-
Lox under his arm. A sudden jar had set
the musical instrument going, out it only
played a few minutes and ttien coiJap'-ed.
Pryor took the hint, however, and calling
up t:.e tug took all the wreckers, divers
and deckhands usho.e and scut them to
the Tivoli. As superintendent of the
newiy discovered silver mine at the bot
tow oi the bay Pryor is a great success, and
he says that if me bullion taken out every
day was only bis own he would retire
from business in-ide of a month.
The Oceauic Steamship Company's Mon
owai went to Mission Rock yesterday to
discharge her cargo of siuar. There are
so many vessels wailing an opportunity to
discharge at the refinery that room cou;d
not be made for the steamer, so her cargo
was put out oa the rock.
The Alaska Steamship Company, with
headquarters at i'uget Sound, cannot find
a boat to take the place of the Willapa,
which went ashore and became a total loss
some weeks ago. For over c week tney
have been trying to purchase the new
steamer Humboidt, which is now running
on the Eureka route, but have signaily
ißiled. Max Kalish, agent for the Hum
boidt S:eamship Company, says the vessel
will remain on tlie route as long as there
is anytlune sor lior to do. It is no wonder
the .Alaska people wanted to secure the
Humboidt, as'she is one of the hand
somest, bent appointed and smartest boats
that makes San Fianci-co her home port.
Ttiat uniortunate British tramp Amaia
poora is in trouble ag::in. When the cap
tain left here he failed to settle with bu
butcher, the boatman, b:\ker, ship
chandler, groceryman and others. They
have since been making a vain attempt to
collect the mo:iey from the agent, but
more drastic measures have now been
taken. As soon as the steamer reaches
Seattle from Portland she will be liable
for about $1500 and some settlement will
have to be maue before the steamer wil 1
be able to leave American waters.
ahe pilot- boat Lady Mine reports the
whistling iKtoy as out of order and the
Madron a will ro out to-day to put it again
in thorough repair.
The Norwegian tramp steamer Florida
came into port yesterday with 5500 tons of
coal in her hold. She brought it down at
the very low rate of $1 10 a ton, being able
to do this because oi the very large cargo
she can pack.
GRADY MAYHEM CASE.
The Hearing , Was Peremptorily Fixed
for Yesterday, but Another Con
; tlnuanca Was Granted.' ■
There seems to be a hoodoo in the case
of Attorney W. D. Grady, charged with
mayhem. It has been dragging along for
nearly three months and as none, of the
Polioe Judges would hear it Justice of the
Peace Carroll was appealed to and'con
sented to .preside. :,
'■ Yesterday week it was' expected that
the hearine ■/would;" go en, but Attorney
Ackermnn, special counsel for the prosecu
tion, was engaged in Judge Daincerfield's
court and a continuance was granted 'till
yesterday en the understanding that it
would peremptorily go on. : ~ '
Yesterday afternoon Grndy and his at
torneys, W. W. Foo:e and Welter H. Levy,
were in court ; and ready to proceed,, Dut
Attorney Ackerruan asked /or another
continuance as be was encased in a case
in Judge Balm' court. After some r talK
the hearing was peremptorily set for
Friday afternoon. .
Grady is accused of biting off the ear of
William Schafer, a waiter in tueOrpheum.
'••.'■ ' » " * •' — - — •"
Quick Work at Yosemite.
The Yosemite Park Commissioners met at
_^^ __^ •'• NEW TO-DAT
■- ■ ■ ".. • . ' mHEttB9OMVj3£VEF -f%isnptM9Vß * ---- . ■ - „ -.. ■ ■■ - . • ■■. .-■_•-.-•
■ M JEaBWy
For .Bilious and . Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach Sick Headach*
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness. Cold Ch Tig Firwhin X i
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Convenes*. Blotches oil the Skin ; Disturbed
Sleep,-Fri ? htful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc .when these symptom^
are causeabv constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSK WILL GIVE BE-
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
L BEECHABI'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to completa health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of the system. Fora
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening tha
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back thu keen edee of appetite,
and arousing with the KosebuU of Health the whole physical energy of the human
frame. These arc facts admit by thousands, in all classes of society, and one of the bast
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that Beechiun's Fills have the Larireat
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. . " "I -
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO.. 365 Canal St. New
Yort. post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
BARTLETT SPRINGS !
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AXD VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays daily; burros formountaln climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
irti per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
BartU-tt Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CSUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
1 or :tcd on a flowering slope from the belch.
Unsurpassed view of
Beach, Bay and Monntain*.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Reasonable Kitten.
For t rms addreo
JOHN T. SULLIVAN, Manager.
I first heard of
through a sister who had found in them a
relief from headache. I was induced to try
them for irregularities, and found them bene-
ficial and effective to a degree as surprising as
gratifying. I am never without them now,
and I constantly recommend them to friends.
WIT *&' & W%* **? & tlon 01 a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of ail ncr-
« \\\ /■ \) VT • ■ \T vous or ukvases of the generative organs, such as Lost ManhoVwT
"■ V &A.I V r *4«^J Insomnia, Pains In the Back. Seminal £rr,i.ii, )n « NerVons DebUltyV
3 i S*% A *Gr - Pimples, Unflt « to Marry, • Exhaustiiv,' Di a! \^irt?o?'l| and
•d " Vf- A ■'""'' V V^ Constipation. , It stops a 1 losses by day or night r PrvnSti T&ifcfe.
m -N^-/ >*-• ness .of discharge, which if not cheeked leads to Spermatorrba;a and
iBEFORL »ho AFTER ?IL t^s horrors of Impotfincy. CUriDE.M) cleanses tneUver, ing
■ HtruML *MD Mr 1 ere kidnera and the nrlnary organs oJaU impurities.
■■■••'CUPWKfB strengthens and restores small weak organs. ,■•■..•.■■■■.',. ■ ..
=' f The reason Bofferer: are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per c°«>t are troubled wit*
Proatatitia. CDPIDBKE Is the only kno-»n remedy to cure without an opt ration! 5000 tesSmoat
mis. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
• a box , six lor fi oo, by mall, r B<»n d for fkie circular and testimonials. > < — . »' erl " a ? " l ' lv "
Juldi ! UAVOU JiiiOiUJUSli CO.. ; ; U7U ilarKet street. San Francisco, Cal. : For sale by
the Mills building yesterlay and devoted two
hours to discussing matters of detail In con
nection with thu reconstruction and employ
ment ot the o'.d Hutchings House in th j park.
Since the destruction by tire of the Stoneman
House the Commissioners iiave found them
selves serious, y handicapped a* regards ace m
mod*tions for visitors. In view of me pros
pective coming of tne Christian Endeavor
delegates some quick work has to be done in
order to mnko iheir trip to the great valley
comfortable. For that reason the Commission,
ers decided yostcrday to instruct Con ractor
Hosier of Miidera :o immediately build addi
tions to the Hutci2in«;s House and increase its
capacity to 103 rooms. If tnis proves insuf
ficient tents will be provided for the surplus
of visitors.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
New hotel erected this spring. Lighted by Eleo-
trlcity. ■. Finest dining-room north of ban Fran-
cisco. I The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America, j Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing,. boating, Hunting and fishing;
swimming tnuk, dancing, lawn teanis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
TAKK ST Mii, AT PIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IS LAKE CO,
'Round trip from San Francisco 98.
Kates $10 to *16 per week-.
.-•••'. J. CRAIG. Manager.
£. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery- su
All A t\ t\ ft 3 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf 111 I V Co, only 4% loirs from
■ 111 Hi ■ I 3 Slav ■ v * l ' l Francisco, and but 9
Vliny miles' stasin Waters
> noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bath water In tue
Mate.. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express: well-stocked trout streams. 'Round trio
from San Fran6lsco only. $5 50. Take 'TiburOn
ferry at 7:30 a- m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $'-' a day
or $12 a week. .
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
A UTJA. CALIEXTE SPRINGS HOTEL. SO-
./i. noma Valley; 2 Dour., f om San Francisco via
Tiburon, ferry. b. F. & If. P. H. R. ; warm mineral
swimiulog and tub bat hi; hotel comp!e.elv remod-
eled, enlarged and h«ndiomeivre urnlihed: wuter.
cai, electric bells In all rooms; $10 to Sl2 per
west, $2 per day. Address AsuaCallente aprlnss,
i Aqua Caliente, Sonoma County, Cal.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE HAKKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat futures recovering.
Feed Barley In demand.
borne Corn selling.
Oats and Rye dull.
Ha>v and Feedstuff's unchanged. .
Beans and Seeds neglected.
Considerable change in Potatoes and Onions.
Asparagus much lower.
Strawberries arrive daily now.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes firmer.
Butter, weak and soft.
Cheese and Ergs unchanged.
Two cars Eastern PouKry in.
Provisions quiet.
Hogs weak. - '■■s--v;j-
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgui««
ft station indicate maximum temperature for the
days- those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid}
line*, connect po'n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines,' equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means hl«h tarometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low '
refers to* low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rams.
"Lows" us .ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When be pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low'- Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is prob
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we»ther may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER UIKKAI REPORT.
l*NiTKr> States Dki*artmevt of Aoricul
tcre, Weather Ki-kkai-, sax Francisco,
April 12, 1897, 5 p. M.— The followinc are ;he rain
falls for the past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 48.04,
list season 3903: Red liluiT. past 2 4 ours .00.
this season 23.74, las', season 17.15: San Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 22.57, last
season 17.11; Fresno, past 24 hours .00. this sea
son 10.53, last season 5.99: San Luis Ooispo, pas;
24 hours .00, this season 20.71. last season 15.71;
Los Angeles past 24 hours .00, this season 16.74,
last season 888: san Dteeo, past 24 hours. oo,
this season 11.63. last season 78; Yuma, past 24
hours .00 this season r..35. last season .88.
:~an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 81,
minimum 58. mean 70.
Weatlier condiUons and general forecasts:
Tiif pressure is hlgnest this evening In the
Hocky Mountain region from British Columbia
southeastward. Warmer, fair weather it reported
from almost the entire country west of the Rocky
Mountain*. The conditions are favorable for
cooler wealberaion; the California coasu
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. April 13. 1897:
.Northern California— Fair Tursday: cooler along
the coast; light northerly winds shifting to brisk
westerly alone tne coast.
Southern California — Fair; . cooler along the
northern coast Tuesday; iresn northerly to west
erly wind-.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
Utah — Fair: warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San . Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
cooler Tuesday afternoon: winds shifting 10 brisk
westerly. W. H. Hamhon. Forecast Official.
NEW IOKR MARKETS.
rfEW YORK, S. V.. April 12. — Most pro
nounced feature of the stock market was absence
of any demand for stock, except from professional
operators. At opening the market was strong,
chiefly because London prices did not reflect ap.
prehension naturally expected from Cretan ad
vices. During the greater part of the day tendency
of prices was downward. The only stock in
which trading exceeded 10,000 shares was Chi
cago Gas, which enjoyed a sharp advance in early
trading, Cosing In | the main steady at a slight re
covery from the lowest.
Ear silver :..... ..9 62
Her.icgon London, 60 days 4 87
KterliDK on London, sight 4 88%
D. S. i's, registered 9d 50
V. .S. 4's, new 124 76
C. t<. 4's, new, coupon 124 75
U. a 4's 11l 60
U. & coup .....: 112 50
V. H. 6's _.. .-. 114 &0
V. tS, s's, coupon 114 00
WHEAT- 10:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May 728,4 73V 73 7314 74
July..: 7i 72&8 723/ 8 72* 73»/ 8
September..... — 70% 705/ 8 7ly 8 71%
spot dull: f.o. afloat. So. 1 Northern spring
Duiutb, 803-ic: No. a hard winter. 74c. Closing.
Ma»..74c: June, 73 % c; July, 733 / c: September,
7H>kc; December, 74c. Visible supply, 37,706.
--00 ' bushels
FLOUR-Firmer, in sympathy with wheat;
trade qulat.
GRAIN FREIGHTS-New York to Liverpool,
by steam, .
Prodnce.
PROVISIONS— Lard steadier. Prime, «4 47%.
PORK — but higher. Mess. $0(49 25.
TALI.OW-Quoted at 33/ B e. .
JtL'TTKR- creamery Western. 18c.
EQGW— Sia'.e and Pennsylvania, 10 Vie
BUOAR— Cuba, centrifugal, 3&fec
HIDK»-lb%c.
Dried Fruits.
The demand is still small. California raisins
aredull. . Holders remain firm. see mlngly indli
posed 10 lorce business, applies are smaller
than usual at. l his lime of the year, an 1 early
summer requirements will have been covered
verr soon. Sultanas are Irregular. In some
cas'S tellers are mcl ned to lower prices.
CURRANTS— lnactive, firmer.
PRUNKB- Scarce, demand fair, prices firm. '
PEACHES— In good demand, . steady, stocks
small.
APRICOTS— SuppIy light, prices steady, de
mand only moderate. ' -
FIUS-Flrm. dull.
N UTS— Very dull but nealy.
STOCKS AND BOND*.
Opening. Cloiinp.
American Sugar $1.3 7o $113b~i/.
American Bu gar Pra .... 108 00 "
American Tonacco..... - 74 3/%
American Spirit Mig «-0..... VI 50 1162%
Aichison...... ".......• '.;'. 10 00
Central Pacific.
Chicago <ias 82 76 h2 125
C.«.<tQ... 7100 7100
Con. Gas 160 00
1 ordaje...... ..
< ordage Pfd
Denver A Rio Grande I'm •
aware tfc Lack a wan a 151 Oil 16075
l-.rie ■....
<>enerai Klectrlc 3112% 30 37V a
Jerse.- Centra 1........../... 77 25 ' 77 12%
Kniisai A !*iai I'fd 1:7 00 26 75 •
Lake Shore ......;...... ■':'■ ' "
Louisville <t Nashville- 45 25 45 371/,
Mannatian C0n.;... »3 60 . t>4 V 6
Missouri Pacific ... Jo 12% 1487%
.National L- ad • '- 22 76 •
New York & aew EogSanl. ' - — — / '
New York centra 1. ......... 100 00 . »9 60
North Pacific .............. la 87% - ' ]2«'i!V%
North Pacinc, P»a..... 36 75 3o 37V,
Northwestern 104 104 25
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOGK&
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
CENTItAI, OJ-riCB
$22 Market St., Palace Hotel. Puriy A Atkinson. (
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Orlll
Room). Tel. Main lufll.
PURDV. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Orters instanUy executed on latest market an*
lALions. Heferenoe Ist National Bank. a. »
North American -■ -:
Pacific Mail 2737% '2675
Pu11man..!....... ....... '.." — ■ — .'
Hock Island 63 37 Vi «'-' 25
Heading..... 13 871/2 I 8 60
St. Paul 726.'% 72 50
Texas Pacific V 00
Tennessee Coal & 1r0n..:.. '24 25 23 00
in lon Pacific... ;...... 4 87Vi
U. S. Leather ' ..' . - :
U. S. leather, Pfd 65 01 64 6'»
Western Union 8175 80 87%
Wabasb, Pfd . ; — ' — '■-.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix»; April 12.— Provisions were
higher to-day, owing to a rise in grain, falling off
in receipts of bo and the expectation that the
movement will be lighter for some time owing to
heavy rains- Packers sold moderately, and com
mission-houses were good buyers. Keceipts of
hogs, '20,000- To-morrow's receipts are estimated
at 18.000.
In livestock the prospects for her prices for
hogs, cattle and sheep at the Union Stockyards are
Kuod. Kecelpts today were smaller, owing to the
heavy tains. Conntry roads are baJ and may In
terfere with moving stock. To-day's receipts—
Hogs, 20.000; cattle, 14,500; sheep. 16.000.
WHEAT— 9:30 .0:00 10:80 11:00 11:30
Mar. ....oe 667/ g 666/g 6tiS /4 60*4
July 66 66% «tis 8 ««S 60^ |
September . *
12:00 12:iO. 1:00 1:15
1 Aoril - — 67%
May 67y 8 67^' 8 678,4 67%
Ju1y..... 66% 67% 671/4 - 67V*
September 65V 8
BARLEY-23<a33c.
CORN— April. •J3s / i@23%c: Maj,'24l.gc.
OATS— April, 16Vic; May, 16% c.
KYK— 3lc.
FL,AX-72@7Sc.
TIMOTHY— f2 65.
Prod ace.
PROVISIOXS-Fork-Aprii.sß 62: May," $8 65
©H 67J^. Lard— April. $4 26; May, $4 37. tenon
ribs-April, f 4 72; May. 91 72.
Livestock. .
HOGS-Llght, 93 90*4 16; mixed. 98 95@
4 17 V»: heavy, $3 80@4~20: rough, S3 Ko@3 9>■
CATTLE— Beeves, ?3b&@)s 40: cows and heif
ers. 92@4 40; Texas steer.', $3 80@,l BO: stockers
and tenders, 93 4U@4 45.
BHEKP— Market strong to 10c higher. Native
sheep, *3@5 10; Westerns. fi 75@5; lambs, $4(56.
FOKEIoN MAKKETS.
London.
LONDON, Exo.. April 12. — Consols, 112}
silver, 28V4; French rentes, 102f 60c.
Liverpool..
WHEAT— Firm. No.l standard California wheat,
28s 9d; cargoes off coast, auirt and steady; car
goes on passage, rirm. but little doing; Kngliih
country markets, partially 6d cheaper; French
country markets, weak; Liverpool wheat, No. 1
California. 6s 10>&d; wheat in Paris, steady: flour
1 in Paris, firm; quantity of wheat and flour on pas
, sage to United Kingdom, 1.740.0U0; quantity of
wheat and flour on passage to Continent. 530,000 :
Indlad shipments of wheat to United Kingdom,
none: Indian shipments *>1 wheat to Continent,
none.
-Uplands, 4 l-16d. .
HTTRKB.
The Produce Exchange cable (jives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s 8V«d: July, 6sß^d: September, os oil.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
Sterling Kxchaugf, sight — 4 88»4
sterling Cables — 4 b*Va
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^1
>lne silver, per ounce — twya
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
W HiS AT— The tone of the market Is bullish at
present and futures are recovering the ground re
cently lost. No chance in spot price*. Quoted a;
81 17Jrs«l 20 9 ctl for common grades, 91 25 for
average No. 1, »1 liTi/a for choice and $1 35(31 40
¥ ctl for extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
20C0 c is, $1 00 1/ ; 4000. $1 10; lU.OOO, $1 10 V a ;
2000. $1 io%: 4000. 91 103 /4 : 18,000. 91 io& 8 .
May_2l>oo. H 21; 40C0, *1 20V 2 .
Swxaro skksiox — December — 8000 ctls,
»1 11V,: 12,000 $l l.'i; 2000, $1 lls/ 8 : 2000,
$ I 113',: iO.OOO, $1 11V*. Mav-suOO. »1 211*.
Regular Mor>ixo Skssion— December— *ooo
Ctls. $1 113/g; 2000. SI 11%: 6000, 91 116/.;
6000. 91 11%; 44,000. $1 11*/*.
Aftebsoos bKSSiox — tivtember- 6000 ctls,
$1 1 i a /i.
HaRIEY- Feed continues In request for ship
ment, but the local demand Is slow. Feed, 65($
72Vfac; Brewing remains nominal.
■ ' CALL. BOARD HALES.
informal Kkbsion— 9:ls o'clock— No tales.
Second session— December— 2000 ens, 88140.
lienrLAß .Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctla. (59 Vie; 6000, .Uc; at, oo, 69»4e.
Afternoon session — December— 2000 etls,
69>4c.
vaTS— Milling are quotable at $1 15@1 20 i»
ctl: Fancy Feed. »1 25@1 30 V ell: common
White, 91@1 10: good to . holce, SI l*.'Va@l 22V.;
Black for feed, 95c@tl 05; Gray, 51 io@l 17i«;
Surorise, 31 36@1 40 t» ctl. Clipped Oats bell 9 140
2 per ton over me raw product.
CORN — A few sales are bfin?. made at un
changed prices. Large Yellow, 80@82y 2 c ft ctl:
bmall Hound do, 97V%0; White, 80®85c ft CtL
RYE-77%@82VfeC ? Ctl.
BUCKWHiiAT— Quoted at $1 15©1 25 t» CtL
FLOUR AND JULLSTIFKS.
The China steamer took ont 11,159 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— Net «ash prices are: Family extras,
$4 75@4*5; Bakers' extras, $4 6O@i 65; Super
fine, $4@4 35 * bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn. $17 60@18;
Cracked Corn, $18® 19 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as follows,
nsual discount to the trade: Graham Floor, $2 85
* 100 tt.s: itye Flour. $'2 50 t* 100; Kice Flour,
f" 75; Cornmeal, $U£&2 v«5: extra cream do. C 2 75,
OBtmeal, S3 60; Oat Groats. *4: Hominy, $3 :0@
3 3j; buckwheat Flour, $3 25@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60: Farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour
93; Rolled Oats 1 bbls). $4 7f>@s 16: Pearl Barley
S3 75(4* Split Peas, $3 50: Green do, $4 .'5 ft 100
lbs.
1 HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS. '
8RAN— 913313 50 for the best and 9 12@12 60
V ton for outside brands. '
MIDDLINGS — $17@18 for lower grades and
$18 50019 9 ton for the best.
FEED3TUFFS — Rolled Barley, 915@16 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 928 60 9 ton; Jobbing!
. $27 50.
• HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10; Oat, 96@8 60: Barley, $6 6O@8; Alfalfa, $6 !
@7 60: compressed, *6@9 50: slock, 95616: Clo- '
ver, $608 ton.
STHAW— 2S.«6Oc * bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. 
Prices show no change.
BEANS— Bayos quoted at $1 75@195; Rmall
Whites, «lfl»l 20 per ctl: Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
* ell: Pinks. 81 05©l 20: Red*. $1 10&1 20:
Blackeye, tl 60©l 75; Red Kidney, $'_'@2 60: Ll
inas. *1 60@l tO; Butters, $1 25@1 50: Pea, 91 10
@1 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 92 50<32 76; Yellow
Mustard. $1 50 V ctl; Flax, SI 60 $ ctl; Canary
Be»d, 1 3 /i®-*V*c * ib: Alfalfa. 61,4 c; Rape, 2%@ i
2»4c; ' Hemp, »c; Timothy. <Vsc-
DRIED PKAS— Niles, 91@1 20 V cU; Green,
$1 25@1 40 * ctl. . - ■-.--," v*
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
There are a good many changes In Potatoes and
Onions. Salinas Burbanks are out of market. As
paragus aud string Beans are lower.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. l@l»,ic^ Ib: Sweet
■ Potatoes, $i@l 76 %». ctl: Early Hose, 60@75c
%l ctl; River Meds, 70@8Oc: Burbank Seedlings,
CUf»6oc ft ctl for Rivers and 60<g,8Uc for Petalu
-111 a"i; Oregon Burbaaks. 65r(tt$j 10.
ONlONS— Oregons, $3 2503 75 * ctl. Cat On
ions. Sl' 26@l 60 V sack. Australian Onions job
bin? m S6@j 50 9 ctl. -
VEutT/*BLEt>-KecelDts were 1608 boxes As
paragus. 740 boxes Rhubarb a d 431 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers quotable at 75c@$l 50 ?l
dozen; Asparagus. 76r@*l 25* box for common,
$1 .'.O for choice and 41 7fc@2 for fancy: Rhu
barb, Soc@9l ¥ box: Marrowfat bqiiash. $7
@8 9. ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ft box:
Mexican Tomatoes. .$1 2S@l 50 » box: Dried
Peppers, 6@Sc V ft.; Green Peas, 1%@3%c; Los
Angeles ring Beans. 6@Bc %> 1b: brie 1 Ofcra, 8
@9c * Ib; Cabbage, 40(#50c ft ctt; Carrots, 25@
dOc * eatk: Garlic, 1%&2 eft Ib.
BI7TTKK, CHEKBE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Arrivals continue soft and hard to
! work off in conseqnenoe. ' The feeling is therefore
o^r^ai^f"^ CreMler '««- 13®13%0V«,e.
Daiky— Choice to,fancy,H®i2c » Ib; lower
gradn, B@loc <■ . ■
Pickled— l3J/2©l*c ■$ lb for new.
. Firkin— 136114 eft ft. for new.
1 .iiiKRY Tub— New, 14(^14%c 9lb
CH.fc.KHJS— Choice mild new, eVa(*7c %( n>; com
mon to good, t>y 2 Cq.6c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc-
Youn< America, 7®Bc: . Western, lie; Eastern 13
@16c f ft. 7fi>ii^n qr; i^ffjiiu 1 >i jtwiffiri: n 11111 tjijj ■*
EGGs— Occasional sales of store Kegs at 10c are
1 reported, but as a rule prices are unchanged. Ranch
Egg». HVi@l 2c; store Eggs, 10y (»llc %* dozen;
Duck Eggs, 14(»156 V f dozen. * * -- .
POULTRY AND GAME.
■ POULTRY— Two cars of , .Eastern sold at 16c for
Turkeys, $5 Bo@o 50 for Hens, $7@7 60 for young
Roosters and »4(0i4 60 for old Roosters.
Local stock was nominal. '-. "' , '."■'
Hare and Rabbits are not quotable this hot
weather. . . ~.'
--:\ Live Turkeys, 18@l6c for ; Gobblers, 16@10c for
Hens; Geese $ pair, S2@2 25: Goslings, -92 50@3;
Docks, $5@6 60 for old and. $7 60@8 60 for young-
Hens. .94(05 60; Roosters, young, 96 60(37 60:
do, old, 94@4 60; Fryers, 9506 | 60: Broilers. $4@i
for large and 92 60@3 50 for small: Pigeons, $20
226 V doz for you Dg and »1 60 for old. .v - . • •
UA.M.L— Hare, nominal; j'.abbKs, nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS*
Light receipts of Strawberries are beln? received
daily now. ' Oranges, Lemons ' and Limes are a I
doing better, owing to the hot weather.
'DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ~ •
Apples. ll@2 W box.
ft raw berries, $i drawer. ■
CITKUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $2@3 50 ii box; Se«-dling% 91©1 36 V box:
Mediterranean Sweets. 91 2. @1 oil f, box; Lem
ons. 76c@$l 26 for ooinmon and 91 50©2 25
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, $4 60 %* box;
California I.lmes,7sc@sl V bx; Bananas, 91@2 %«
bunch; Pineapples, $2(fli4 & doz. ■
DRIED FIiUIIS, KAXaINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@sVic >». tt>; fancy, 6c f> Ib: peeled,
10(ai2%c; Apricots, "6@Bc: Moorparka, 10@12c:
evaporated Apples, l@si /i: c; sun-dried, i!@2ViC(
Prunes, 2V4@a%c for the i sizes; white rigs, 3c;
Plums, 4ftS4Vjc lor pitted and lQiyaC for unplt
ted: Nectarines. 3V2@5V2t.-t* !b tor pilme to fancy-
Pears, •_' 1 ..,io,4i' for wuole, *2V2©6- for quarters and
B@4c for halves. , . .. ; . ,
itAISINS—
„ Kour-crown, loose, 5:54 c; 3-crown. 414 c; 2-crown.
3sV 8 c * Ib; - seed ess Julianas, 6@sU.c; seedless
Muscatels. 4Vjc: 8-crown London layers, *I@l *6
clusters. $1 60; Dehe&a clusters. 92 50; Imperial
clusters, 92 50: dried crapes out.
N dies: nuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts,
6Vi!@~c %> !b for standard and <9s)9i/..c *> Ib for
sofisnell; Almonds, 6@6y c for Langtiedoc, 3@
Sy 3 c for hardshell itnd B@9c i* Ib for papersheli;
Peanuts, 4@6c %i lb tor Kasteru and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ■ <$6c fi Ib; Pecans, 71 ..4*
He V lb: Filberts. 7%@Bc; Brazil Nats, 7y 2 <aßc:
Ccroanuts. f sfetls 50 %* 100. .
HONKY— Comb, !U@l2y 2 for bright and s®9c
for lower grades; wat*r-wn.ite extracted, s@si/ 2 c:
light amber extracted. 4^@4s.ic; dark amber.
4«4V-c ; dark, t>@3c » Ib. '" .
BKi£SWAX-i>2@2sc ? ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7c ?! Ib for heavy, T^c
« Ib for light medium, 10c for light. 10 i/ 2 c.ti Ib
for extra light and 12c %i lb for sugar cured East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12Vic t* Ib: California
Hams, lie * Ib: Mess Be«f, »9 1* . bbl: . extra
mess do, $9 60: family do, $1 Ufa, 10 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 60; extra clear, 914 %i bbl; mess,
912 V bbl; Smoked Beet, 10c * tb.
LaßD— Eastern tierces are quoted at D«/ic for
compound and 6y B @7e for pure: pails. 7%c:
California tierces, 4v a c for compound and 6c for
pure: half-bbls, 7c: 10-Ib tins, 7 1 / i>c; do 5-Ib 7« / ic.
COTTOLKNE— 6c In tierces and 7si©BVac In
10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
1c under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c;
medium. 7c f» Ib; light, 7c tb; Cowhides. 7c:
Stags, &c: salted Kip, 7c * Ib; salted Calf, 8c:
salted Veal. 7c; dry Hides. 12J,2®13c; culls and
Drands.9V4@locH to; dry Kip and Veal, 9@loc;
dry Calf. J6c; cull.i, 10c; Goatskin*, 20@35c each;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer. 25c $ Hi;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; ' sheepskins, shear
lings, 10@'i0c each; short wool, 2.'><s3sc each;
medium. 30@45c each; lung wool , 40(at60c •
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3@3V*c Ib; No. 2,
2V a c: refined, 6c: Grease, 2c V u>.
WOOL -Spring clip Is quoted as follows: Moun
tain, ll@l4c ft Ib: Foothill, 10ta,12i,. s c: ban Joa
quin, year's clip, 7(ctlOc: do, seven months, Bsllc
■f* Ib; Nevdas, 10($14c; Eastern Oregon. 7ifl>lOc.
Jiops_ti«tc for fair to choice and 9@loc ft &>
for fancy. -
GENERAL M 1 K< H A M> ! -. i .
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bai;s. spot, 5%c; June-
July delivery, & 3 /4 c; San Quenttn, $6 40; Wool
Bags. 24@27c.
COAL— Wellington, $H ? ton; New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 ft ton:
Seattle, f5 50: Bryant. 85 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
V ton: Wallsend, $7 ¥ ion: Cumberland,
913 50 «} ton in bulk and 915 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Kgg, $llia;l - '?. ton; Welsh An
thracite. 9S&10: Caonel. 98 ft ton: Lock Springs,
Castle Uate and .Pleasant Valley, 97 00; Coke.
9U1212 in bulk and $13 ft ton In ska.
BUOAK— Western .-<ugar Refining Company !
quotes, terms net cash: 1 übe and Crushed and Fine <
Crushed. Bi/^c: Powdered. 5%c: Dry Granulated,
6VgC: Confectioners' A, si«c. Magnolia A, 4%c;
Extra C, 4'' 8 c: Golden C, 4 y 3 e: Candy Granulated,
6V4C: half barrets 14c more than barrels and boxes
Vi e more. ■
SAX FEANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak, but no lower.
Wholesale rates lor dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
-BEEF— First quality, 6c; second do, s©sVic;
third do, 4'a,4:, 3 c ft tb.
VEAL- Large. s@6<:: small, o@7c ■$ a.
MUTTON — Wethers. 5V3<S6c; liwos, 5c i» Ih.
LAMB-Sprlng, 6@7c ?>. Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3V»«4p for large and 4(9
4V4C fur small and medium; soft Hogs, 2",4(£3V4i':
dressed do, s(s6V^c.
RECEIPTS OF PROUDCK.
TOR 24 HOCKS.
Floor, or tics.... 12.2*0 Butter, etls... _ 221
Oregon 3,250 j Cheese, cas..._ 76
Washington... 2,512 Kg**. <i0a......_, 0,240
«bcM.eUi 1,125 Uides.no „ 336
Earler. cUs... . 7.985 Pelts, bdls ..,„. 316
Oats, ctU. 660 Wine, (au5.....^ 26 600
Corn. „ 3,l«0 Wool, On 965
Beans, scs .. . 7.480 Honolulu 27
Potatoes, ski.. — 543' leather. roil i . ' d 0
Oregon.... . 749 Quicksilver. Hslcs 600
Onion.. 8«..._ 21 1 Mustard Seed, sic 1
Hay. ions _ 734 Shorts, ska 50
Straw, tons. 14 Flaxseed, Rtts.... 60
bran, sKs 8.81 "> Chicory, tbls.... 28
Middlings, ski 441 1. ::i- 00i5....._ lbO
THE STOCK MARKET.
Tha Com stocks were firm yesterday, and the
best prices were rather above thoie of Saturday.
Trading was light. .
Overman is assessed 10c, delinquent May 17. '
At the annual meetlu* of the Tallant Banking
Company John D. Tai'ant was re-elected presi
dent, Frederick W. Tallant Tice-presldent and
John Dempster McKee cashier.
The Conso ldated California and Virginia assess*
ment of 25 cents a snare will be delinquent in the
company's oflice to-day.
Tb>- delinquent assessment sale of the Consoli
dated Imperial Mining Company will be held to
day.
There was a sharp decline In gas and electric
stock on the Bond Exchange, the prices falling to
994*4-
The following companies report ' balances 'on
hand April 1: Andes. *7696: Alta,>3os; Best &
Belcher, (13,777; Consolidated California and
Virginia. 91317: Caledonia, $2656; Consolidated
New York. $356; Confidence, $717; Consolidated
Imperial, $5843;. Challenge Consolidated, $773;
Exchequer, 92123; Gould <& Curry, $842; Julia
Consolidated, $784; Kentuck Consolidated, $672:
Ophir, $14,378; Overman, $3906; Occidental Con
solidated, $1970; Potosl, $540: Sierra Nevada,
I 914,608; Standard Consolidated, $18,228: Syndi
cate,, $848: Union Consolidated, $1472; Utah Con
solidated, $2160.
The following companies report an - Indebt
edness April 1: Alpha Consolidated, $370-
Belcher. 88-69; Crown Point. $4719; Cho;
lar due bank $9500. less $365 cash -on
hand: Lady Washington. (1280; Mexican, due
bank, 910U0. less 9472 cosh on liana : Savage, due
ba k $3000, less $4.8 cash on band; Segregated
Belcher, $54; Bi.ver King. $1731.
. Weekly reports from the mines are ' as follows;
Con. Cal. <fc Virginia— looo level— The east
crossscul started from - the north drift from the
Con. Virginia snail on this level, at a point 200
north from the station, has been advanced 28 feet;
passing through porphyry, ghoul. g clay »*■■ ora
tions and lines of gypsum: 10. al length 198 feet. ,
1550 level— the top of the double compart
ment Incline upraise 68 feet lon the slope above
this level the north dntl has been started and ad
vanced along the footwali 17 feet, passing through
porpnyry, clay and quar. z, assaying from $1 10 «■
--pir ton; total lengtu, 60 feet. From thl* north
drift at a point 17 leel in from its mouth an east
crosscut has been siarted and advanced 20 feet
through vein porphyry. The s nth drift from the
lop of the upraise has been extended 1 3 f«et, pass
ing through porpnyry and c ay: total length, 40
feet. Work in this south drift lias been suspenued.
1650 level— From the ninth floor south arifi, at
a point 200 feet in from us mouth, from the up
ralie, H feet above the sill floor, the ens:, drift has
been advanced 10 feet; passing through porphyry
and quartz assaying from :60 cents 'to 9 1 per ton
total leng.h 26 feet. From the same point In the
upraise a north drift has been started and ad
vanced 17 teet, passing through quart* assaying
$9 and $10 per. ton. . ; From the incline upraise at
a point 60 f. el above the sill floor of thU level the
nor. drift has been ad need 12 feet parsing
through rphyry and quartz rssaylng $5 per ton;
total length 62 . feet, From the opening where
tins north drift starts we have extracted 14 tons
of ore ass ying 920 Hi per ton a hundred feet
north from incline upralsu 1, Incline upraise 2
has been siarted and carried up on the foo.
wall 19 feet, pasilng through a quartz forma
tion assaying. 910 per ton. From the nar
row streaks of ore we have : saved from ihU
place six tons of ore assaying $22 15 per ton. The
old east crosscut started from the north drift, 200
feet north irom the < Con. Virginia shaft on this
level, which was reopened two years a*o a distance
of 66 feet, and which forms part of . ur dritt I con
nections wlih >he C &C. thHft, has been further
reopened 24 feet, passing through a quartz lorma
tion assaying $6 15 per ton;; total length 80 feet.
The to.al <-xirac.ion of ore for the week amounted
to 20 tons, the average assay, value ■ 01 < which,' per
samples ' taken ' from • me cars ■ when ratsea to
tne ■ surface, was • $21 03 ■• per ton. •" We . have
shipped to the Morgan mill during the week .416
tons and 440 pounds of ore, '.assaying 1 per railroad
car ' samples $45 22 per ton. - lie average assay
per battery samples ot all ore worked at '.ha: mill
during the week (855 tons) was $39 33 per ton. ■
In the Ophlr mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 'I is In 631 feet. - The face Is in softer porphyry,
showing seams of clay and lines of quartz . In the
old Central tunnel workings of the Ophlr, from the
sill floor irom the west crosscut from the Mexican
Rhaft, at a point 132 feet In from its mouth, from
the upraise catrled up 15 fee*., from the end of ihe
old west crosscut, the: north drlit has been ex
teunea 18 fee.: passing through porphyry streaked
with quart j: assaying from $2 to $5 per ton: total
length, 34 feet. - -•.-•-,.• .V «
_; Brunswick lode— Con. Cal. & Vs., Best &
Belcher: and would & Curry— Snaft -2 has been
sunk 18 feet on incline; Utal depth. 693 feet-,. bot
tom In porphyry and quartz 300 level— Hast
crosscut 1, started In the south drift from the shaft,
has been ex .ended 26 feet, passing through par
phyry and quartz; total length, 196 feeu ' Kast
crosscut '-'.started 185 feet south of crosscut 1, baa
been extended 20 feet; :tot»l length, 40 feet; .face
in porphyry, ; • - •»' : - -.-.- -■■-
occidental Con.— The official letter lor the vast
[ week says: 550 level— upraise from west
crosscut has been carried up 10 feet: total height,
* < tret: top in ore assaying SB in gold. The south
ann from said crosscut has been extended 7 feet;
total length, 33 feet: face In ore assaying *7 In
gold.- \\ « are cutting out and pieparinc to sink a
winze on trie ore from the crosscut. 650 level—
Hie south drift was extended 23 feet; total length,
JO_ feet;, the face is now in low-grade gold ore.
Jlave started a crosscut west from the end of the
drift, which is now In 5 feet: face in soft vein por
phyry. .; -
BOAill) SALES. '
rcllowl «pre the ">*«» la the San Franolsoo
Hock Board yesterday. '•■'
REGULAR HORXIVB KKSSIOV ( OVM *V<~n*«» 9:30.
200 A1ta.......08 100 Conn.. ,1.10 JOO Union C_a7
»"? B *« «7|iy00ph.r...1«)5|400 V J^«.t....28
200 CCAV.^I.7O 300 P0t0ai....67| V
*>TRHJfOON SESSION"— 2:3O. : ■
200A»ii«»«..^.2» 10U U AC...: 86,200 rotosl 69
200Ch011ar.1.25'200 HAN 9u *00 9aTage....2»
-ifo . ••«..«... 34 8000cc1d.:...:i«20J 5m«t....«»
150 CC&V_.l.es 500 .l&ttOU If J«0K»* M 27
10 ...... 1-70 300 0vrmn....07| *
Following wera the wit in the I'aciiio Stock
ioard yesterday:
""'■l,» R ffbstok— lo:Sa
300 Alpha IC|^4U ec\tv...].6S too 0Trmn....08
-'"0 A1ta.......0^ 100 . ' .1.67 -20) r0t0«1.....66
100 Andes. 50j U Imp.. ..Oi 650 ............67
100 Vi 301) c P01u;....1t 1U» »■» vac «■.... i«B
'-!ot/ 34 -4uO Exchor...o. v SOO Scorp!on-0«
200 Ui-icner.. '!■ luo Odto . ....SSiOO b8&M....04
bOO )-.tll 6t 1000 .... v.86 3IWHKev..._49
-'HJ i!D1»0D....1< 100 HAN... .89 1000 SHi 11 ....01
600 Caleda....lS Ju1ia... ..'.0411t;0 Stdrd...l.B»
200 «-"ijali»e...t6 .iJO Kfutuck..Ot> .iOJ 00i«a.....27
700 .-. ■ 37 800 L Wa5h.. ..01 100 Utah OH
100 Choir... 1.20 200 Mexican..47 ZOO » J»0J«..29
*H° 1.2-2i/j4)O 0c0d......17 500 ...........28
100 c0ntt....li /a 150 0Dh1r....1.06
A'TKRNOOK HKSHIOV— 2:»O.
-00 AJr>h«.....10 CC«VI.67V2 200 00c1dU....17
200 Alta.... M .otllio ..:...^l.6<> 250 Ophlr 1.071^
»00 Andes 2«.i50 Conn ...1.1- 200 1.00
■_i>j B*icinu:....A>. 4uu v imp. Oil 8000rrmn....07
6"0 3TZOJ CPolnu...l6»JOO Otf
100 36 1200 ......... MM 100 Povoal .....68
701) BAB.. n «- 1400 .14801) ...61)
200 .67 900 Bzo'liqr...UHUoO H>ti ( i ... 'JO
3UO Bullion.. ..UiSO) U&C ...36"200»Nt 50
450 ChUng»...3bl9Qo . .37 100 Stanrd-.li^
600 ....„ 15 1400 1. Wash. ol 200 Union '21
IPOO ....34 liOO Mexican- 47 2OJ * j»j».....28
700 ......Si MX) 46 1200 37
1450 Ch11r...1.26 310 Ny Qn.....04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 12 4T. U.
J<rl.sitf.rc<., ■ . -Bl<t. A.vc*4,
ATnttaomt,.... 10 iiJaiia ... v*u * «5
Alt*. .. 08 10 Jn5t1c&.. ...... 03 04
And**. ........ 23 ' iff KemnelE.... M . OB 07
Belcher 37 38 Mexican - 4« 47
iiesl & Beteaof 65 66 .Nevada Qua«Jb — it)
Benton Con.. . 15 16 Occidental..... 16 IB
Dillon 11 0p&1r... ........ 1.06 1.10
Caledonia. . 12 1. ; Overman...... 06 06
i hollar 1.25 -1.80 fotosL ....... BO 61
Con.CaldfcVa... 1.65 1.70 &aTase!..... M . 27 . 28
Challenco Cox 33 34 scorpion.. .._ — ■14
Con. imperil. 01 US sec. Belcnar... ft 06
Confidence.... 1.10 1.26 Mlver Hi 11 ..... 01 IS
ion .New Voti 11 — Sierra Nev*U. 48 49
frown Point... 14 15 standard 1.80 1.86
KaaiSlerraN*/ — Is -vmliea'.a. .... — 1/8
li.urt-k» ... _ ;-j(.i v Dluu^ua..... 28 27
fcicucuuuc .... 08 im Uiab • 00 - t/7
uuuia<KCarrr< 36 37 V«uaw j*M»m 26 27
JUMtikXSurCC* J»3 84
MOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
; MONDAY. April 13-8 r. K.
rNITED STATICS BOKDI
A-.' Am: i., BUL Jike-tL
ÜB4§ t0n0. 112*4 - 0 b4arac...lli* UVH
lionaw i»»iri.4 — I
MISCKLLAN icons BOXOS. .
c»i-i«tCb>3n.iia ■• — - Uikiiu 3i — 114.
C»lKlecL6i — 130 loUdlsSs... — 109
CntraCW6s 96V« I'M ummbasUo.. 130^121
l)pDUßtez-cp — 100 P4UKyi)i. - 11. >
r.d«n Ixtl«tisl29 • •". - P<KChßy6s. — 105
F&CUKKtftIOS 107 I'wl-Bt HP. BillS 118
'" arv-sl Rsa — 100 Heno, W'UIL — 10J
11 V*S6V%».IOO — s-erto 1' A L - 10J
LosAngLßi 92V210U -Kt.M'UJi.. 101541« ay«
DoGntead 6s 98Va-00 IbFHP.ArizSi 9234 94
Mtt-»tCble6»la3i- 4 _ ' sPJlhCaio*. 106s /4 • -
DoKyCon iUai jilf.i* -fhkiH.il. -ft — .
NatVlnttsJst ■— • iOu - J'Brßt'alS*. 07 9-'
gRTs. 10.1^1061^1 SV Water tt*. 117 V, 117^4
> HrCal o*.iu2 106.; V Water 100 y s 10! i
Mty OX iM. 85 - , jeMktnU&Kdi ii'J», looi,,
«ATK!« STOCK*.
Contra ''onta 39 40i-i^prn« V alloy »by 2 98%
AlarlaCo..... 18-"< 4 : bl» 4 j
•a» AND ILKCTUt" ■• rocict.
Capital. — S'J ! Pacific Ugh: - 61
Central. PHi,<, _ SFOAKIec. 9414 94i/»
M Llgn; 9 914 -»nKr»ncjo« si 4 V' 2
OikUL&H 64 . . ViVfe rHOCKtOU — ZV
l>v (>u lmt< —63 j
- ; -'- -* IX«n RANCH BTOCK V
Flreman'aFdl 831,4, — 1.... ;7. .'.... ..'
, <•«" ■«--l*-. «a vie ■TO-!K«.'
ADCio-Cal... 60 51 14: First Natlonlisi :90
Banlcof Ca1..540 — l.ondonl'<ftA.l27Vi —
C*ltoi»&TColo7 , 101* MercbKx.:.. ». . ._.—
MVIXm BANK BTOJICi.
OerRALCo..I34O 1400 -'■ ISaT <bLoaa.. — 10»
HumbS&li.llOJ -•■ (Security 260 -*'-■
Mutaal.. -38 41 I uiuu Triui.sdO < —
tit aav Union 4 49 — ■■' , -t *
' BTBKKT RAII.BOAD STOCKS.
California.. ..lo7 110 OalcßL<&H»r — 103
Ovaiy-u...— 35 — Presidio .... 4 6
Marlcei-iu.... «4 44Vli
*•"*.-— STOCK I.
Atlantic D... 16 17 (Giant Ooa... Tl\k S2Vi
California.... - 110 IVlgont. 40 i 80c
tt««terulJ . 80 85 | .
HIM KI.I.«VRO'-l «iw"ict.
AlMica run. — 104 (NatVlnCo — 8
Ocr Lead Co. 100 — < >ceanlcSSCo 23 2.%
HawC<fcSCa. Id 16V 8 Pac Anx VA. •_• -4
HutchsPu) 1:5 25-; 8 PacßoraxOa i»a —
klerKxAdso- 9U — |f«rt PalncCo 6 7
-»i!s-miBMXu SKUaIOX
•, Board —
6 Giant Powder Con. 81 75
20 Oakland Ga5............. 64 50
140 BF Gas * Klectrio Co 85 00
40 do do ......... .:............. J>4 my,
20 do do «... 94 75
10 do ao 94 62%
14000 Mark Hv Con 6% 80nd5.. .... 106 60
BALES— AFTERNOON OKSSION*.
Board—
10 B F Gas A Electric C 0 ............... 94 87%
60 do do ......... 94 26
60 8 V Water. .' 88 60
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
S Langsdorf, NY OB Llbby, N V
X A >tei»el. Helena D It Gray, Bait Lake
W W McAlll,ter, Denvr X B Howe, NX.
X Noro, Japan \V T Jeter. Santa Cruz
M H B-nabelm. St I onto T D Scbloss, Carton
J .Winder, Minneapolis D Livingston <t w.Chlcgo
II A Wood, Ktverside J Bernstein. Seattle
M Kind all. White Kails E A Kelthly. Cheyenne
Mrs X C Coleman. Ohio H L Baser & w. Ohio
(' H Maine won &w, 111 It Mathewson. Chicago
Miss Hagan. I.- Angeles Miss Hazard, Ls Anzeles
Mrs Pavey & dr. Bos. on Airs Beck with & dr. Mass
C G H Mclirlde A w, Cal H Lux. San Jose
J A Mnith & w. Baa Jose I Katayama, Japan
X Kaachl, Japan X 'lakayama. Japan
X Kamatou. Japan > X Yukawa, Japan
X Arm. Jurat! _\- Kataoka. Japan
X N anso, Japan --■' ,-\v 8 H nsbenoti, Japan
T Kond. Japan , A F Jones, Philadelphia
A X Sboemake. Modesto F L Walls, Chicago
Mrs Burnbam <t md.NY Miss Mnmford, > Y.
Mrs M H Llddle, .NY JU Cary Aw. Yonlcers
Mrs X W Evprson. R I . X C Voorhels, Batter Crk
C E Locke, Chicago . Mrs E M Sayler, Slocktn
B|F Langford. >totkton R H Lewis, Phoenix -
Miss ysyier. Stockton -■; J X Rttbman <few. Ohio
Mrs L M Jones. Phoenix Win Cross, Chicago
H A Jones. Chicago Mr cross, Chicago -■ .'J':
Hr l^ Hall. England Xli Stevens.' Syracuse
W V Wilcox .ft w, Phlla Mrs M J Dohan,. Phila
Miss X Dohan, r.o J M Burner <fe w, do
Miss Bremer. do c N Klcbard <t w, do
Mr- I i nil,] do Miss Child?, do
Mrs HA Linn. do Miss BF Linn do
JirsKFfiorai .do . Mii» M C Uorgaa do
Mifs M Turner, do 1 D McGlll . do
Miss E Soren, do -Mrs C War man. do
»I r "V« K «- ve do I Mrs WJ Near. do
Mis J W Rockwell. .do Mrs L A Hunter, do
H X Mtearns &w, do J F Morrell Aw, do
Mrs L D 1-oughton, do Mrs H F Wood,. do
ON Hough on. do Mrs E•• Drew, do
MrsHPPlthen. , do Mrs H Hlnta, do
*»" »»j Walter, do H; Mack, do
x H White. do JT Butler Jr. do •
Miss Bright, do EL Davis, do
Mis Cox, do Miss I Cox, do
IBS COX, dO ■ . ■ " ■ ( ■ "■' ■■
' GRAND HOTEL.
Dr McVey & w.-pokane Master Selms, Mo '
( j- U a «* * "•■ Vall »-Jo M *'• Dougherty, Canton
Xt «m - Grass Valley H s Bas-eu. Mass
vde Sabla V, X , c . v City R L Watklns. Llvermre
■ AMooney.Gold Run -JS Codv. Sonora
A>v ilson, < a Istoca \ X 8 Lathrop, Holilster
Mrs A JEsmond.SnJose J W Waiford, Wyo
-Mls< A Esmond. ssn Jose l> P Pierce. Big Canyon "
tt l evens auburn W A *ehorn. Willows
W H Kamvlen.»iaKosa Mrs M May. San Jose
« * z ,* rd i >tll Iloßa 1- Kackliffe, Sacto
M\\ - louden, :s ' lleß - F H .Webster, Minturn
V.^ let ' Sacto CMoltzen, Pi Reyes
M Dupenbrook, Sacto WF B Ilings, V
J Ihomasson.st Helena D t-piar, Boston
w £ rhomson > Fresno 'H A Goelirlng, Red Bluff
y v T M »>". * acto . c w Wheeler, NY
X l Kendall, Boston- Mrs C W. Wheeler, N T
I 0 W Laker, London i : ' Miss C M Wheeler, N V
Mrs Adams, HI Louis Miss E Murfey. N V
Miss Adams, St Louis J A Mclntyre, Sacto ;
Mater Adams, St Louis A J Ithoads. Sacto -
I P brazier. Mass -•• J H Rogers & vr, 111 "S
HA Paine, ila:ls MI «* Rogers, 111
i}, . eims *w,Mo . Hd* i .aguna," Stockton
h Rooertiron, Europe L ■ Wait*, Pontlac v
X Barnes, Mantord .. ;O V Mattson. Cal » ■ i ■
airs II ? Stow » Mass J M Maggurd, Ohio
Miss Ada Stow, Mans . C E Johnston, Nev City
Mis* M Stow, Mass , A Rosenurgh, Petaluma
"A.Howe, Masn m m Bell, Koanoke
w vi -Baker, Stockton " P A ren s burg. Portland '
s J Shaw, Boston . ■ , . L Laird, Mich
FH Shaw* w. Mass OS Mun.ford. NY
* * £ Jas< «--alt Lake : '■• " X H «*>!»»• Stanford -
II R McQraw, Utan \ si W t We more. Champion
; ' V COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL. , •
C WChapman <t w.Dnvr B W Townsenrt, Palo Al
Mrs Heinz, Cal ' . Miss 1' Sweetiand. Cal *;
vC« ngb, Vall-jo :. -i J Mendia, Vallejo
A C Kn:gnt, Merced \ ■ Mist M Poison, Modesto
J P Thouer, st Uosa ' ' s X Evans, sansallto
JI) arnsworth.NMex ■LX Newman. N Mcx
JAlns worth. Colraeo. : T P Leonard, Chicago .'.'■
Mrs j C Barron,« hicago Miss L Kievansun.Cbcag
» C Peterson Kedding : J Brown <& w, Oakland
Mrs Myer*, Oakland • C M Lewis & d.bealdabg
Ml(<r L iitikan, Vallejo D Pi-eklnpeeu & w.Wash
X > owler, p, Townsend H Fowler. P Townsend ;
At M cMillitn« w.S Paul- Mrs J F Hlnkle, B Mcx
J Janakln&w, St Paul X Kawa, Tokio < :
Miss li Arnold, V
RUSS HOUSE.
W L Caswell. Haywards F Olencuss, Pasadena
J B M .iL-an, Los Ang H Guespl. Fu ton
Miss Hicbardson. Fuiton Mrs Webber, Walsonvlle
G Webber, Waisonville Mrs *tarfc, Watsonville
A i. Nutt, pan Diego W G Clifno", Los Ang
U Duncan. Hea'dsburg W Mulr. Michigan B uff
J Murry <t \s, Cal E B Wllils «t w, feacto
•D Bell, Los Anceles L Page, Souora
8 Terzlch, Sonora Mrs A C Layton. Fresno
Miss N Layton, Fresno H Wllley, Gilroy
A L Jones <fe w, Oakland JMe artny. Valli-io *"
W F Geary, Sauta Rosa J Wilson, Benicia
C de L^gh <£ w, Stockton J W Keller, St Louis
Q I fetacic & w, Liverpool P Donan. Delano
W C Jauch, Nevada City E Hopkins <fe w, Honoin
A Buchanan, Honolulu E E \VI bur, vV«shinglOQ
F KlikpatricK, Lake Cy Miss B Burns. Hopland
Mrs J Hickey. I'tah C \V Pratt, ban Kara«l
H Todd, Oakland G T Smyttie, Vallcjo
A H Knright, Boston Mrs J 8 Plnuey &c. Minn
G W BogKs, Napa A a Redmond, Eureka
J Dinsmore, Eureka F Cole, Lus Angeles
J R Smith, Uossland.B C H J Ostrander. Merced
H B Boggs, USA G C Bacon. .san:a Cruz
D D Corcoran. Benicta Mrs F Quirk. S Andreas
J A Btmertield. Jackson J > Jones, Sacramento
F X Merrttt, Cloverdale I'eier Snider, Cal
Mrs U Magee, S Kosa W D Keyser, Pieta
J HarrU. Hacratnento H C tttanton, Willows
W e-haffer, Willows J D 6»imem <fe w, Cal
J Garcia, Santa Cruz J W Harrison & w, Cal
B H liar ii ej, ban Jose C C Shreve, Vallejo
LICK HOUSE.
J Colly <& w, Nevada Cy W Campbell, Grass VHy
J Caldwell, Nevada City J G Garrison. Forest Hill
M sunger, Dlxon F M Frank. L>os Ang
Mrs E H >lsber. Seattle Lt-Col Wright, Canada
A McDonald, Seattle B L Bartlett, l<os (jatos
Mrs T Ebrenoerg. Napa J W Huweil, Merced
E Ixnace. California R H Anderson, Ashton
J W Wat kins. JMadera H Gorinan <fe w, Pa
W McKialey Jr & w, Cal W H Wright & I, S Jose
B H Upbam, Martinez H T Black. Sacto
II Levy, Hueneme J F Barcb, Concord
M W Seaman. Sacto MKosenblum.S Salvador
\V F .^Dencer & fm, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Bennett, Berkeley F Parker. Sacramento
A Car©, NY J Garland. P & W mlnst
J J Justice, X V Miss Graves. » L Oblapo
H E Grey, Han Jose J F Smith, Auburn
O E JohDnoD, Auburn H Moore, N V
F Jones, Los Angeles H Wallace, St Panl
T « Abbott, N V H 0 Richard, Fresno
X Collins, San Diego T McMullen, Portland
C Knapp, Port. and F A Jennings, Seattle
Olney as a Pedestrian.
Secretary Olney takes a long walk every
day and always moves at a rate that con
stantly threatens to turn into a run,
though it never does so except occasion
ally, when he darts in front of a rapidly
moving streetcar. These walks begin
about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when the
Secretary emerges from the State Depart
ment building, parsing up Executive to
Pennsylvania avenue and then, turning
to the right, starts for the Peace Monu
ment, at the foot of Capitol Hill. He is
invariably dressed for these excursions in
a short boxcoat with trousers to match
and a derby hat. Now and then, but
rarely, he wears a light fall overcoat; usu
ally he prefers to trust for warmth to the
energy of his motion. The Secretary
often invites a friend to accompany him
on these trips, but he rarely gets an ac
ceptance twice from the same man, for
the tastes of department otheials and dip
lomats do not usually lie in the direction
of violent exercise.— New York Times.
The Russians have a simple device
which is said to be very effective in check
ing runaway horses. A thin cord with a
running noose around the neck of the
horse is used, and when the animal bolts
the cord is pulled. Tne horse stocs as
soon as it feels the pressure on the wind-
Pipe-
THE GALL CALENDAR.
UU..IN STKAMJbKS.
Date* of Departure From San Franc Won.
STEAMKKS TO ARRIVE.
HUM. MOON AND TIDE.
I<'3»lTKl» FTATBS COAST AXD GXOnKTIO BTTKVKT-
Tunes A!»D Heights OF HIAR AMD LOW
• Wakes AT *'okt Point. Fntbavcl TO
t-Air Francisco Bat. Published by Ont'
CJAI. ADTHORITT Or TBI BUrEBINTINDIKT.
Not«— The high and low waters occar at the
City Front (Mlsslns-atrast Wharf) about twenty
r. v» minutes later than at Fort Point; me hei<ai
of tide Is the same at both places. •
April— lß97.
Taeslar. April 13.
Pnn rises ....... 5.36 Moon rises
Bun sets 6.44 Moo u sets. '.'.'."' 9.14 ah
Notk— ln tli* above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left band
column. and the successive tides of ttaa day (n tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, aa sometimes
eecurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) preostdes the
belght, and then the nnmber given is aubtractlve
from the depth <'yen by the chart*.
AWL IV XI TO MAKIMMIV
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office located In the Merchants' Exchanae is
maintained 4in San Francisco for the beneOt of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. : ■- .... - , ■ :-■-.. - . . -..•:_» -
• Navigators are . cordially Invited . to visit : the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are I kept on hum or | com
parison and reference, and the I latest Information
can always be obtained regarding, lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce. -.B»aMaßai^ewM(yaiiwuaft«gg»i^ra[|[|jjj imiihij
■ . The time : ball on top of the building ■on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten : minute* before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each ;. day . trom the
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island
Cal. V.- v" - ' ,  V - ' :-,; ■£■■'.. ■'-
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, U
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following dar.
■ ..- -•-. .".-. ■-, ■W. Hl Hcomts.-
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Tha Time Ball.
Branch Btdbosraphic Office, V. 8. N. ■>
Merchants' Eichavge V
Ban Francibco. April 12. 1897. )
Tha time ball on Telegraph HU. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the l'JOtit
meridian, of exactly at 8 P. v., Oreeawlrh time.
W. s. Hushbs.
Ueutenan', U. s. N.. In charge.
BHIPPINO IN TKLLIUKN CIS.
Arrived.
MONDAY. April li
Btmr Homer. Jesren, 42 hours from Coot
Bay: paaa and in Ise, to Geo Fntch.
Btmr Jewel, Madsen, 18 hours from Caapar-
SMS M. ft lumoer. toCasnar Lumber Co.
Stmr Alcazar. Onnaerson. 7» hours from
New por;, via Kedondo 47 hours; 137 tana r r Iron.
to L E White Lumber Co.
Rtmr Crescent City, Allen. 33 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Simr . City of Puebla, Debney, 60i,i hours from
San Di (to, etc.; pass and mdse, to Goooall, Perk
in < <& co : ■ ■ : . ■ . i
. Stmr Queen. Debney, 673,4, hours from Victoria
and Pugec sound ports: pass and mdse, to Good
all. Perkins & Co. .
■ Stmr Weeott. Miller, 15 hours from Fort Bragg;
192 M ft lumber, to Union Lnmoer Co.
_ Stmr Laguna, : Peterson, .55 hours from ■ San
Pfdio: ballast, to ro.l.rd <fe Do:l;c.
•Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, 19 days 22
V»°w rs . 4;s mtn from Panama, etc; pass and mdse. to
_ Btmr '. Pomona, Doran. — hour* — mm from
E " re ' i , i : pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
i.ark Big Bonanza, Borsman. 8 days from Ta
coma: lumber, to Hanson <fe Co. Up river direct.
- Bark Sonoma. Landjren, 83 days from Yoko
hama: haliaiu ;o J H bruce.
Schr Reliance, Hansen. i 4 hours from Tim
ber Cove; 7u eds wood, to R A Gilbride * Co.
C V r Albert ***"**• Marshall, 20 days from Ka
cUlCo. 11,000 bags sugar, to Hawaiian Commer
clhi co.
_Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup. 24 hoirs from
Una " Polm ' »0 eds wood. 10 Hlgglns & Col
' Cleared.
MONDAY. April 12.
Stmr Columbia. Conway, Astoria;* Oregon Rail
way andJSav Co. : - 1
Afa^a Pic» A « U n c . rrbeCk> i ' " mld H * rbOr;
Sailed.
MONDAY, April 12.
Stmr Mlneola, Pillsburv, Tacoma.
Stmr KureKa, Parson*. San Pedro.
Stmr Willamette. Holmes, Seattle.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen.
Mnir Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclao.
Schr Mawcerua. -mitti. NlcolaefsK
Schr Newark. Beck, uowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
rOINT I^OB^S. Aoril 12-12 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wibh KW; vt-ioci.v.l6 uiu«*. , '
Charters.
The schr Robert Lewers loads mdse for Hono
lulu: ship Sierra Cadena, wheat for En rope,
17s6d:Brship Erin's Isle, lumoer at a British
Columbian port for . Europe, &7s 6d: ship El well,
coal at Nanalmo for this port; Ital bark Cavour,'
lumber on the Sound for Caiiao, 32s 6d.
Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Mailed Apr - 11— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. •
KUREKA— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Alice Blanch
ard. from Coos Bay.
Sailed Aur 12— Bum Uncle Jon, for San Pedro;
stmr Alice Bianchard, for ban Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Apr 12— Schr G W Watson.for
San Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 12-Schr Gem, for San
Francisco; Br ship Reliance, for Pneet Sound; Br
stmr A marapoora. for Honolulu.
esEATTLK— saiieu Apr 12— Jap stmr Sakura
Mam. for Yokohama
Arrived Apr 12— Hal bark Cavour, from Royal
Roads.
• EUREKA— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Humboldt,
hence Mar 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 10- Scar Elnorah.
from Eureka.
US All— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Newsooy, hence
Apr 10.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 12- Stmr Whites
boro, hence ADr 10.
CASPAR— Arrived Apr 12-Schr Maxim, hence '
Apr 6.
UREENWOOD-Balled Apr 12-Btmr Alcatraz. i
for Newport.
ECRKKa— Arrived Apr 12— Schr Emma Clau
dln». bi-nce Apr 3. -■■ - ' • ■
SANTA BARBARA-Arrtved Apr 12— Schr C
A Tnayer. from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr Vl— Stmr Coqullle
River, from Coqullie Biver.
Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Coqullle River, tor San
Francisco .
BOWKNS LANDINO-Arrived Apr 12-Schr
Newark, hence Apr IX
Hailed Apr 12— Uchr Barbara Hernster. for Men
doclno.
Foreign Port*.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Apr 8-Ger ship
Kehrewieder, for San Dieea
QOEENSTOWN -Sailed Apr 10-Brship Port
Calelo-iia. for Liverpool.
KOYAL ROADS— Arrived Apr B— Hal bark
Cavonr. from Callao.
CAPE TOWN- Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Port
Crawford, henca Jan 21.
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Salled Apr 8-Br ship
Conbermere, for Sau Francisco.
QCEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 9-Br ship £>o
min:on. tor Fleetm-ood.
LIZARD-Passed Apr 9-Br ship Wavertre*.
hence Nov S, for Hull.
CALLAO— Arrivt-d Apr 4— Ger ship Ariadne, fm
Vancouver.
Caoialn Yon Helms of the stmr Orizaba reports
the following:
SANTA ROSALIA-In port Apr 6-Br ship
Wendur, arrived Mar 10. and will sail in ballast
about Apr 15, probably lor Newcastle. NSW. Not
chnriered.
Br ship Ardnamurchan, arrived Feb 9: loads
her» and sails about May ], orders, to United King
dom.
Br ship Isle of Arran. arrived Feb IS, U dis
charging yet. and will load for Uni.ed KingJom or
Continent.
Bktn Taai o' Shanter. arrived .May 29, will sail
for Colombia River about Apr 16.
On Apr 4 off Espirlio Santo Island, Gulf of Cali
fornia, saw a bark, probably bark Melrose tor
Santa Rosalia.
Importation*.
VANCOUVER via C P R R-Per Queen- 44 crt
paper. 147 cs toDacco, 33 cs cigarettes, 5 pk*s
mdse, 1 c« cotton drill, 1 cs mediclce, 600 cs con
densed milk 355 Kegs 20 csks white lead, 4 pkgs
dry goods, 2 cs hosiery.
Vancouver— 67 bdls pelts. 74 bdls hides.
Victoria— 'JO ska chilies. 33 pkus curios, 14 pegs
mds<>. 8U sks peanuts, 375 bdu nides and skins, 2
ska wool. -2 pK.-s express
Port Townaend— 3 bdls rope, 2 pkgs express, 1
sk coin.
Seatt c— 35 bdls hides, 60 pk^s mdse, 2 sks oy
sters. 250 bblslime, 25 pails 5 hf-bbls saked her
rincs, 10 t>ii smuiced salmon, 4 sics sugar, 409
tons cos . 7 pkgs express.
Juneau— l pkg mdse. 1 bar bullion.
Douglas Island — 1 pkz coin.
Wrangle— l bale deerskins.
West of Fargo via Tacoma— l tub batter, 3 bxs
meatclne, 300 sks 900 hf-slcs 112-qrsks flour.
New Whatcom— B cs lime juice.
Everett— ll7o rolls 197 bdls paper. 11 pkgs
mdse, 7 kegs nails, 199 bJls shook*. 700 bars bul
lion.
Tacoma— 2s tos tallow. 11 tubs butter. Ics wine,
1 pkg mdse. *00 b*rs bullion, 509 tons coal.
COOS BAY— Per Homer-470 tons coal, 1292
sks potatoes, 1 cs cheese.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— ls bales
wool, lesnieau 20 dressed calves, 4 piegs hard
ware. — M ft lumber.
SAN DIEGO— Per City of Puebla-1 banjo 15
bxs grape fruit, 4 pkgs mdse. 1 bdl carpat, 2 bxs
shells, 1 piano siool, Ics Japanese goods. 2 iron
wheels. 2 bals sacks, 266 bdls skins. 66 sks abv
lone shells. 13 sks abalone meal, 128 pkgs fur
nishing goods and dry goods. 40 bdls dried nsh, 1
bx dr • coods. 576 bxs 1» moot, 635 bxs lemons, 1
keg o ives, 75 cs mineral water, 2 pkgs mdse.
Redondo— 4 sks cullies. 75 bxs lemons, 1 roll
wire, 1 bx cigars. 1 cs rubber goods, 4 Iron plates.
5 pkgs hardware, 1 bx bolts. 1 bx glass. 2 uerces
rounds, \> sks green peas, 3 pkgs ind*e. 1 cs sal
mon, 1 cs machinery, 78 sks walnuts, 1 pkg dry
gooJs, 221 nidus, 2 cs hats, 852 bxs oranges, 1 bx
grape fruit.
Pon Los Angeles-1 bx spice, 69 bxs oranges. 84
bxs lemons, 975 sks b^ans. 109 sks green pe»s, 1
sk onions, 3 pkgs mdse. 3 bdls rollers. 1 bale
blankets, 7 cs robes, 1 chest tea, 6 cs metal 1 cs
beeswax.
Santa Barbara— 24s sks abalone shells, 1 bx
rubber wasbers. 10 sks crawfish, 1 cs oii. 2 cs
clothing, 1 keg anchovies. 85 bxs lemons. 3
horses.
San Luis OWsdo— 127 sks oats, 139 sks wheat.
60 sks Hiix. 117 sks beans.
-iuitii ->laria— 60 sks barley, 421 sks beans.
Nipomo - 140 sks barley.
Seele— 2ll6 sks beans, 42 sks barley.
Port Harford v 9 bxs fish, 6 dressed calves, 12
cans tallow, 3 sks tails. 1 cs cigars, 37 slcs wool
93 cs eggs, 32 tuos 116 bxs butter.
■ Consignee*. '
Per Homer— O C* N Co; : Erlanger & Galinger-
M P Detels; Marshall, Teggart & Co; Thomas
Loughrun; McDonough A Ranyon.
Per Crescent City— Wltzel <& Baker: FBHaight;
Wheaton, Bn>oa <&Co: Dodge, Sweeney <& Co- J
Hoffman; i Norton, Teller & Co: Standard Oil Co-
Hulmo <S Hart; Hobbs, Wall Co; Hawley Bros;
Cblcaeo Brewery. > .
■ Per City of Puebla— C E Whitney & Co: H Wal
deck: Ullmer, Bredhoff Schulz; W C Price <t Co-
Hills Bros: H Tllden dc Co: Stnsheimer Bros: H
H saltier A Co: U Kirchmann A Co: Newel Bros-
Marshall «fc Reimers;Witzel & Baker; 8 Levy A Co*
Brigham, Uoppe A Co; Frederlcksourg Brewery
Wieland Brewing Co: Enterprise Brewery; Labor
Exchange; Wheaton, Breon A Co: F B ilalght: ■ X
Maegio; Well man. I'ecK A Co; ■ Kissinger A Co-* A
W Fink: Gets Bros A Co:: Milwaukee urewery'* H
Waterman & L'Oi H Dutard: Norton, Teller* Co-
Ross A Hewlett; H Heckman & Co; J B Inguilia*
Ku.s, Earl.- * • o; J ivancovicn A Co; Pac Coast
Fi-thCo: American Union Fish Co; Milanl&Co:
Western Meat Co; Labor Exchange; Great Ameri
can Tea Importink Co: -acramento Fish Co- \V E
George Shoe Co; W F Mitchell: Mandel & Welner*
Moore, Ferguson A CO; C Carpy A Co; A Paladin. •'
Moore, Ferguson a Co : J W Kessing; abarboro A
Co: H Siernan: B Co: National Bank • Good
year Rubber Co: Pastltie Bros; ' L Scatena A Co-
Cam podonico A Malcolm; Mlnaker A Welbanka-
I) Blast & Co: Wetmore Bro,; D E Allison A Co: L
X Ine « Co; Gray it Barblerl; Amer Press Assn-
Kisen Vlnevari Co; On -stl « Co-. Xadiam Bros-
E J Mhattnck: JJ. Winner; Llevre. Fricke & Co-
J H Cain A Co: i; X ki^rhard: Kosenbers nro<- L
Longtellow: W R Knight* Co-. Yon .Vo« & Co:
JHendy Machine OS Heller, Bachman * Co: X
Hardt: Simpson A Hacic ; McDonough A Rnnvon-
Gould A Jaudln: Eveleth* NasuTw^co* *"° o os":° s":
Miller, bloss AScott: JJ Ouu.-r; The Preserv.line
MU io: X a S. c! Baifour, Outhrle & Co: HO
\\ iiero: J A Robllug A Sous: C B Rode A Co; W
J Trott: Mn Kranclsco Brewing Co*. M » simas: J
('.hi 6 n ; Murphy, Grant A Co: A Vl ? ni « : M F
Cabra!. I)r X >teven 8 : H M Kortesca : Pacific
Transfer Co; Dr ■ Stevenson: A Gall! Frul. Co: S
J«co J:Jlor«u A Chicic : Immel &Co . Chluda A
Bono: HOGreenhooi: Geo R s,»rr * Co-. O W
Warner: Dalton Bros: ; O C A N Co: Howe Scalo
Co: B Blumentbal: C Scott: G W Warner; Wolf A
bon:Levt Spiegel *Co. . .
vS.™""" 1 ", 8 " 81114 " * c °: w H Gill & Co: T
«« * Vll ' ißmß Wells, Fargo A Co: A Zellerbach A
Sons; BrooKs Electric Co; Buckingham A Hecht:
Cahn, Me, -els burst A Co; F N Marden A Co; Ge<>
??«! c v dl */ d |, Magner Bros: Murphy, Grant *
«-o: . H;*,^ Phillip-,; O'Brien A son; Autographic
Register Co; Baker A Hamilton; Captain C L
Hooper:. C X Whitney Co; Charles C Be nard;
2 « !^>»>-er;-K'A Robbius; Press Works: Hooker
& Co: Jami-s Mclver; P C Flih: Co: Takoma A
Koacb;, Harbor Lime Co: Conen, Hlrsch A Co;
Woeland Bros; iioodali; Perkins A Co: M T Me-
Milian; Oregon Impv.Co: Henry Doyle * Co:
London, Paris & American* Bank; Bank of Cal:
Sawyer Tanning Co; Labor Exchange; Charles J
L*lst&Co; G H Howard: Blake, Motli:* iowne:
Chit-ago Brewery; Dunham. Carrigau A H Co:
Graham Paper Co; Naber. Alfs A Brune; North
ern Lumber Co; Selb>- -m>-Uin? A Lead Co: s P
laylor A i Sons; Union -. Paper : Co: Western i Roll
Paper Co; Brigham, Uoppe A Co; C W Jennings:
Dairymen's Union: south Prairie Coal , Co; II
Lev! A Co; O Herman ; American Tobacco Co. •
RAILROAD TRAVEZ2
SOITTMKRBf •PACIFIC COMPACT.
. - r.i. i (PACIFIC SVMTESf.)
Tr»lna *■«•'•»»• »n«l nr * *Ih« *» nrrlve at ,
NAN FI6ANCIKC€». *
leave — From March 21, 1897. — arrtvw
"*6:OOA~NilcsrSau^JoBe and Way Stations... B:4sa'
7:O«a Atlantic Express, Ogden and liast. . 8:40
7:00 A Uenicia, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding Tia
UaTU .....:. .................. 6:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, apa, - '
" Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
S»:i©A Niks, San Jose. .Stockton, lone.
. Sacramento, Marysville, Chico.
: Tehama and Red Dluir 4:1.1p
•9: 8O a Peters and Mi1t0u..... *7:15r
9:U«»a New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Vosemite), l'Tesno RakersOeld.
Santa Buibara, 1 .os Angeles, Dem-
■ • iiic El Paso, New Orleans and
East... •••• 4tA!%r
9:00 a Martiner and Stockton 4:45p
9:00 a VaUejo ••• • 6:13p
....;.'. Niles, San Jose, Lirermore and ■ >■
Stockton «.". 7:13 p.
•l:OOp Sacramento Ri»er Steamers *0:00p
1:00p Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4Sp
4:0 Or Martinez, Hau l Union, Vallejo,
- Napa, Calistoiju, El Vrrano and
'■-- /"•- Santaßosa 8:154
4:00p Benicia, VacaTiile, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysvillo, Oro-
ville and Sacramento 11:13*
4:30r Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, golnz »i* Mies.
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
SiCOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy.
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
, ,: Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7i4»*
OiOOp Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave mid East 7:45 a
6:00 r.uropeau Mail, Ogileit and Kast.... 0:43 a
«:00r Haywardi, Nilea anil San Jose 7:43 a
17:0<n. Vallejo .V. .......;.. 17:43*
7 :o«i> Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, l'uget
.Sound and East llilSa
SANTA CUDZ IHVIsION (Narrow (iauge).
17:43 a. Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J 8:03
■ x4.la Newark, Centerville.Saii .Tose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way I
._ . Stations SiSOr
••:15p Newark, CenterTille, .lone, New
Almaden, Keltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
m__ Stations ....".-. "11:204
_4»13p Newark. Man Jriso and Los Clatos ... 9:30 a
COAST lU VISION (Third A To>tii!spii,| s)h.)
. 7:oOa «an .lose and Way Stations (New *
_ ««. Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:30i-
»:wO« San Jose, Tres Piuos. Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Paso Robles, San. •
Luis Obiapo, Ouadalupe, Surf and »
.* -- . _ Principal Way Stations 4:15?
. ■ O:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations O:30p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations . . 3:0O>
•a:3«p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Balina3,Moaterey and PaciUcGrove *IO:4Oa
•3:30p San Jose and Way Stations !>:43a
*4t3ot>San Jose and Way Stations , *»:03a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:43*
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations <1::I3a
f11;45p San Jose ami Way .Stations t7:45p
SAX LEAK UUP AM» HAY\VAK».>_Lu<;a1 —
• # C:OOa "1 : 7 7-1,-iA
8:OOA t »; lr ,A
lO.ooa Meirone. Seminary Park, \Vz\sl
"aloor Fitchbnrg,SanLeandro^ «»J«|*
« » • lx .\ £%l
rJlSol Hayward^ \V \ «^p
7:00p ,; i " 8:43 p
0:00p * Runs through to Nilei} 1 • 10-so^
tt»:lspj 'FromNUes. . msioop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRIKCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
M 7 ioo .iS! Sffi* tI:M • 2:00 tm
FromOUUND— Feat ofßroaiwiT.— »6-00 S^X)
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:00 J2:00 •3:00 ti':o3
*5:00 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
■ Sunday. -xcepted. f Saturdays only.
. . ■„ ■ _ I Snrdays only.
— tt Monaay^Tiic-^oLiv and tunlay niabu onlTv '■ --
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 X.: 13:T\
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. x. Thursdays— Kxt.ro trls
at 11:30 p. x. i Saturdays— Extra trips at I;is
and 11:30 r. x. ■
•CND AYS— 9:20, 11:00 m.; 1:30. a : AX
6:00, 6:20 P. U.
San Kafiiel to San Francisco. A
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. xvi
12:45. 3:40, -6:10 P. M. Saturday*— Extra trios
- at 1 :65 P. M. and (5:35 p. x.
BUNDAVS— B:IO, 9:4U 11:10 a. m.: 1:40,3:41
6:00, 6:25 P. X. $< ■■ ~ ~
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park satn*
schedule as above. . .
- Leave • T _ --„_,. ' Arrive
San Francisco. oct 14, i s * n Fran ° t
WKEK I Sex-, iu.^n^an. cv *' 1 W»t"
Days. | days. | " tB ""* t "' n - bats. | Pats.
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 Alt
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 1 10:25 ax
6:10 ii j 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 6.22 px
: Fulton, — — — — —
7:30 ax Windsor. 10:25 AX
Heoldsburg,
l.ytton. • •:' •'
Geyservllle, . : -I "•■-.» ■.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:8» ni\ 6:23 pm
5 x- Pieta, -
I - Hqpland A .
7:30 am] 8:00 AX Uklab, 7:35 pm 6:23 rm
7:30 am ~ '.. " 10:25 ax
. 8:00 >m Guerne 7:35 PM
3:30 px 6:22 P«
7:80 AM 8:00 aX Sonoma 10:40 AM 8:40 am
■ • and
6:10 pm 6:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM 6:22 Pic
7:80 AM {B -.00 AMI RehMtonol ' 10:40 ax 1 10:3 AM
3 .30 1 6 :00 pm I 1 - ; 6:10 pm| - 6 :22 PM
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for - Ska?gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Burnett Springs; as
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck.
Bell's, Sanhedrin - Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's , Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuiets. Cahto, Co-
veto. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redaoe*
rates. • ■' ■
\ On Sundays round-trip tickets v* all points be-
yond San Rafael at half »m»
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bntl«lc»
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RY AJU,
Vres. and Gen. dlanageT. Gen. Pass. Ag«aa>
Santa Fe "^^^^
L«I 111 I LCCI* Js^~s&?%?*\
O n MO N PAYS and «sf£3gaT®t^&.
THURSDAYS tho hm:- mSStß£Sx£giE%
class Pullman sleeping-car fBg9gSBgB3B!&
leavias at 5 p. m. connects IgSjM^^gES^S'J
at Harstow with thf Sunta HBR'-rXfl^Eiti'
Fe limited train carrying jBSCTL^.TIMBtea»y
dining-car, bnffrt smokinc- *iSSS<P*£SSBrJ
car and Pullman palace ££x2&Xo*fTffiLV*
drawing-room s!eepin*-c«rs A 7^ 1 irTi \
for both Chicago and St. ■ ■.■^V^'-'^m*
Louis via Kansas City. • - \:^ ir '--.'■
■ 3' 3 Days to. Chicago or St. Louis.
4U Days to New York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. m Pullman palace drawing*
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeplnif-
cars, thr nrh to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and >>t. Louis.
Boston excursions ■ via Kansas City. Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday,
Ticket Office, 644 Market street, * iinni-
toie building. Telephone Main 1531.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 i
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and san Rafael— "7:2s, •9:13.
11:00 a. m.: "1:45, 3:45, *5 :16. :46, 6:30 P.M.
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays,' Wedn<.*»»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— -.00, *10:00
• •11:30, a. x.: •l-.80, 3:00, *4;SO, 6:16 x.
Trains marked * run to san Quentln.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7;25 a. X.
Weekdays, B#o a. x. Sundays, 1:45 P. x. Satui>>
■ays. -
>'«r Casmdero and way stations— 7 a. x, •eto»
fays; 1:45 p. x. Saturdays. -■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
'"■■■.' * ■ BtelfMar - ■ " ■ . -
Trains connect with North PaclQa
Coast Railroad. , . .
WKKK DAYe>-i.»ave S. F. 9:15 a. m. 1:4% p w
Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p. »i. 6:20 p m'
SUNDAYS— S.F.BA. M 11:30 a. x. 1:30 xi
Returning— Arrive S.F.I: 15 p. x.4:20 M. 7:35 pm.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THO-. COOK A >OXS, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway.'
THE SAi FRISCISCO A.\D SAN JOAQUII
YALLEIf RAILWAY COMPAQ.
Fwl?, M run A dal^ HY S1 ' 1897 ' PM3en^ r «-•
Bonthbonnd. SUtions. NerthbonD«.
7x20 a. x.. ...... ...Stockton ...'.; flJoi? 1
9:49 a. x.... ;Merced.::.::*w.3Jl4 r2[
11:60 ax... .......Fre5n0........... i:io *>£ ■
•'; For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C. N a I Co.
Have Ban F»anclac» and Stockton at •'* k. dsJLnBALLOTS CAST
IN ALAMEDA
The Saloons Seem to Be
Ahead in Eight Pre
cincts.
St. Sure Ahead ior Recorder and
Taylor for Attor
ney.
The Vote Was Very L :h', a Little
Over Half That of Two
Years Ago-
ALAMEDA, L'al., April 12.— 1t had been
hoped that the municipal campaign which
came to an end to-day would be con
ducted in a fair, decent and above-board
manner. This had been the case down to
within forty-eight hours, but at the last
moment certain parties took it upon them
eelv«s to issue circulars which had the
effect of harming the issuers and benefit
ing those against whom they were directed.
On behalf of the saloonmen an anony
mous circular was issued, which even the
printer was ashamed of and had not the
race to attach his name to as required by
iaw, though bis identity is well known.
The writer's identity is also pretty well
understood.
This circular made a most intemperate
attack upon the anti-saloon people of Ala
me<!a and church people in general, and
dealt solely in abuse of the worst kind.
The other circular referred to had a name
attached to it and was devoted to a vilely
libelous attack on R. B. Tappan, candidate
for City Attorney. It was not issued at
the instigation of his opponent, Mr. Tay
lor, however, who earnestly disclaims any
responsibility. Nevertheless it aided Tap
pan instead of injuring him.
The contemptible characterof the attack
is emphasized by the fact that Tappan is
sick abed and unable to take any part In
the campaign or to defend himself in any
way from such assault?.
Outside of these effusions, however, the
campaign has been mild and the election
passed off quietly.
Unofficial returns of the contest are as
follow*:
City Trustees— Brick 1440. Bchulte 1081.
Smith 387, White 852.
Board of Education— Brown 1365, Scott 1326,
Van Voorheis 931.
Library Trustees— Ames 1681, Lutgen 1591,
Map! 11 913, Mastlck 1607, Toelken 1247, Wel
ter 1463.
City Treasurer— 1386.
Recorder— 774. St. Sure 1186.
Assessor— Smith 1535.
Attorney— Tappan 649, Taylor 1181.
Marshal— Rogers 1563.
Clerk— Lamboru 1518.
Saloon license— Kirs Ptrecinct, 105 yes, 74
no; Second. 66 ye«. 93 no; Third, 65 yes, 65
no; Fourth, 78 ye«, 70 no; Fifth, 68 yes, 81
no; Sixth, 63 re?, 59 no; Seventh, 55 yes, 70
10; Eighth, 70 yes, 67 no Ninth, 16 yes, 67
no; Ten 95 yes, 75 no; Eleventh, 132 yes,
98 no; Twelfth, 126 yes, 49 no; Thirteenth,
53 yes, 42 no.
Tnis gives a majority for (he saloons in
eight precincts, against in four ana a tie
in one. Tnere is nothing binding about
this vote, it being merely an expression of
opinion on the matter. The total vote
■was very light, being only about 1600, as
compared with 2260 two years ago.
Unitarian Club. .
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 12.— pro
gramme for the Unitarian Club meeting
on Wednesday evening next will be as
follows:
Reception; social greetings and Introduc
tions; business; piano solo, "The Reliance
Grand March," Julius Oe'll; illustrated leo
ture, "Tnc Redwoods and the Redwood Indus
try of California," E. J. Holt; barytone solo by
a club member; intermission; recitation,
"Undo Josh Consults the Parson,"- J. IR.
Eloan; tenor solo, "The Pilgrim," R. C. Med
craft; club chorus, "Auld Lang Syne."
Reception, 7:45. Club will be called to
order at 8:15 "harp.
A Theosophical Society.
ALAMEDA. CaL., April 12.— A new lodge of
the Theosophical Society was formed here to
night. Dr. Julia Button was elected president
and Colonel William Russell secretary. The
society will hold weekly meetings on Monday
evenings at Dr. Button's residence, 2051 San
Jose avenue, to which visitor! are welcome.
Notes.
Lawrence Leman, an eight-year-old boy, liv
ing at the Mission, in San Francisco, broke
his thigh at the Park-street wharf yesterday
by falling from it while throwing a stone.
An unknown Chinaman was found dead
this morning in a stable on Lincoln street.
He bad died irom natural causes.
Deputy City Assessor Sturtevant has nearly
completed his cssessment of improvements
and personal property so far as the field work
goes.
PILTHY CHINESE.
The Board of Health Determined to
Stop Certain Practices.
OAKLAND, Cau. April 12.— The Oak
land Board of Health has made what it
claims to be a remarkable discovery in
connection with the filthy habits of Chi
nese. There are place* in this city where
Chinese bakers and Chinese cooks si. ray
he bread before putting it in the oven from
their mouths in the earns manner as they
epray clothes.
The board is now engaged in drawing up
an ordinance which shall cover as far as
practicable the regulation of all places
where Chinese are employed other than in
private residences. There is already an
ordinance in effect prohibiting Chinese
from spraying clothes from their mouths,
but it has been found almost impossible
to enforce it unie-s an inspector be posted
permanently in each laundry and this of
course is out of the question.
The matter has been made very promi
nent because of a sensational report by
Dr. Barah Shuey, a member of the board,
in which she has traced a most malignant
form of disease of one of her patients di
rectly to the germs fathered by clothes
that were «ent to a Chinese waihhouse.
Health Officer Bradley is now engaged
in inspecting Chinese places and in out
lining an ordinance that it is hoped will
rrcduce the desired effect.
LIQUOR AT FRUITVALE.
An Attempt Being Made to Obtain
License* for Saloons.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 12.— Very earn
eit efforts are being made by prospective
saloon-keepers to break through tne pro
hibition barrier that has-been erected
around the Thirty-third-avenue district.
For several years this district has re
fused to permit saloons within its bound
aries, and as a result petitions and protests
have bsen numerous before the City Coun
cil. It is very evident that the saloon
keepers think that they will nave some
influence with the present Council, as to
day four applications for licences were filed
with the City CJerk and more are being
prepared for presentation.
They will be bitterly fought by the resi
i dents. One of the applicants, named
> Budd, is already a defendant in a pending
i case charging him with having sold liquor
\ without a license.
Long Time In Probate.
OAKLAND, cal., April 12.— petition
was riled by Attorneys Crow* 11 and Leach
to-day in the matter of the estate of
George W. McCreery, which has been
Jn process of probate for twenty-two
years. He died intestate in February,
1875, when Andrew J. McCreery was ap
pointed administrator. Subsequently A.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
J. McCreery moved to Nevada, where he
went insane and was committed to an
asylum. Later, letter-* were granted to
Nancy A. Beck, who afterward became
Mrs. Travelli, who removed to Fr«»no
County vithout closing up the probate
proceedings. Afterward James Stanley,
who was Public Administrator, was ap
pointed administrator of the estate, which
has not yet been closed, and the petition
filed to-day is to sell thir y-se yen acres of
land near Livermore.
A WOMAN'S TONGUE.
Her Husband In Not Responsible for I
Its Wag Ring.
OAKLAND, Cal., April , 12. — Judge
Greene decided to-day that a husband is
not liable for Blander when his wife is the
defendant. The case was that of J. M.
Douglass against J. H. McKenzie and wif
for $10,000. Judgment was given for $300
against the wife personally.
The court held that the old doctrine if
the liability of the husband for the wron*
ful acts of the wife grew up under a con
dltion of things where the wife and the
husband were in a legal sense one person
and that person the husband. He could
then control the propariy and income of
the wife, but with the more liberal policy
of recent laws, which recognize the rights
of the wife to her interest in the commu
nity property and to hold her separate es- |
tate, the reason for the old policy has I
passed. The court?, particularly in Kan- j
sas ana Illinois cases, have held that the |
husband is exempt from liability for dam- |
ages done by the wife in the matter of
slander.
Judge Greene's decision is the first of its
nature delivered in California.
Bobbed in Golden Gate Park.
- OAKLAND, Cat,.. April 12.--A young
Frenchman named M. Bleuler reported to
the police to-day that he was robbed in
Golden Gate Park yesterday. Bleuler
came irom Sydney on the Monowai, ana
is en route to Denver to till a position.
He says he was standing near the aviary,
when a couple of well-dressed fellows
jostled him, and a short time later he dis
covered that the breastpocket of bis coat
bad been cutout. it contained about $20
and hi-) private correspondence.
Drink Causes Divorce.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 12.— Mrs. Annie
Borein was granted a divorce and the
custody of the three minor children to
day by Judge Hall. Since the suit was
brought Borein, who was once County
Recorder, has disappeared, and no answer
or defense was made. Intemperance was
the cause of the divorce.
Bart Morgan's Deed.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 12.— This after
noon a deed was placed on record, dated
June 22, 1696, by which all the property of
the late Supervisor Morgan was convved
to Mr. and Mrs. Orrin J. Mullin and Mrs.
Mullin's mother.
Died Visiting Her Dressmaker
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 12— Mr-. Perry
dropped dead in West Oakland to-day
while ascending the stain at 1787 Seventh
street. She was calling on a dressmaker
and heart failure was the cause of deatn.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Morris and Annie Lando to Meyer Lando, lot on
N line of lfai;lit stree:. 25 W of Webster. W '.'a
by N 100; $10.
Grace Coolidge to R. D. Criftiston. lot on sk cor
ner ofrole and Pagesire-t«. X 1015:3 by S 37:6; $5.
Cathe and Edward McDade to J. J. McDade, lot
on NW Km- of Kolsom street, 37:ti S\V of Twelfth,
SW 25 by XW 87:6; 10.
>'ur»,br>i A- liiack to Charles OHva, lot on W.
line of Elgin Park. 206 .V of Kid stree:. N 22
by w 75: $10.
Henrietta and J. Jacer to Felix Marcuse, lot on
X line of .Nineteenth street, ISO £ of .\oe, E 25 by
X 114: *10
William and Jennie Helbing to Mendel Katz. lot
on W l;n- of Hampshire stieet, 97:6 s«f i wtn:r
first, - *J5 by W 100: $10.
J Jin McAllister 10 Honora McAllister. lot on W I
lioouf I olores street, 101:0 > of 1 went v clith.
N 60 by \V 100; also lot on X eerier of.Twelth
avenue and O stree;. SK 2j by NE lUu, tlock 888,
South r-an Francisco Homestead and .Railroad i
Association: gilt.
Km in a Ho.ub (nee Jir..) to Wil lam Holub, un
divided half of lot on 3 Hue of Elizabeth street,
17(«:4 <tf of El <n, \V 25 by m 114; *10.
Henry C Gtgnuux (by Antolne Borel, attorney)
to Douglas >. Watson, lot on line of Tehama
Street, 130 NE of ihird, XX 60 bybE t0; $10.
Ann A. Arnold to ttmMM O. Arnold (undi
vided 7-12), Frank W. and Alvali B. Arnold (un
divided "Vi!-1- each), lot mi line of Mississippi
street, 175 S of Bu.ih, N 25 by X 1U0; also p:op
erf in I/OS Angeles County; cif:.
Henry Ltroadecto William T. Walsli. re-record
1724. d 283. lot on \V line of seventeenth avenue,
296:1 b of California street, B 25 by W 120: $10.
Joel A. and Margaret K. Kantman to Mary
Martin, 10' 311. hit en 15. Late view: $KOO.
K. K. Quaie to Harvey A. West, lo.s 359 and
361, Gift Map 3: flO
Annie Ml. <. hell to i.ouis Darav, lot on W line of
Vienna street. 75 N of Brazil «v-im». S i's by \V
100. block 54. Excelsior llonim:e»d: $10.
Richard and . v a:uni* coweli to William J. Mar
tin, lot on N line of Ma quesas aire«>t, lao vv of C t
\V 75 by If 10 lo 14. bock 191, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association :
$10. - .
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
K. F, and Vlotor:nede Labrousse to J. Crotbers,
trnstee, lot on W line of O»Klan I avenue, 35 M of
Moss avenue, N* 30 by \V 126:1, beini; lot 11,
bl«- 11, l lint Tract, subject to a mor.gaee for
?13J0, Oakland: $10.
Wan Kianclsco Savinirs Union to Cyrus H. Bry
ant, lot 6, Map of Frost's Thlrieenth-avenue
Tract: $10.
D. D. Hayes (Insolvent, by B. H. Griffith*, as- '
slgnee) to Henry 1. Hayes, lot on HI line of Kast
Fourteenth street. 110 Kw of Kleventh avenue,
XV 26 t>v NE 140. beinu lot 8. block 61. • llnton,
Kant Oakland: a. so personal property: SI 60.
Joun H. Olascock (trustee esiaie of William 11.
Olhscock and as attorney and "vary A. Blow, by
attorney), to Giambnstaand .Maria I conardun, lot
on X line of Mummer street. 32:6 Eof second
avenue, X 81 by H 112.87, being lots 7, 8 and 9,
Glascock and Blow Temescul Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
■ O. H. Burnuatn and J. J. Meyers to C. E. Palmer,
lot on N line of fortieth street, 662 of Grove, X
32 by N 110, b?lug lot 25. r*subdi vision of Mont
gomery Tract. Oakland Township: 91.
A. M. Werum to county of Alameda, lot on X
comer of county road No. V67a ■an 1 county road
No. SOB. Known as Hedwood road, thence SW
41.45, HE 34 30. aW 27.20, to be ns?d for a public
road. Brooklyn Township; $ ,
Frank W. and Emma A. fuller toW. F. Pchulte,
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 200 X of Willow
street. X 60 Dy N 150:2, being lot 5. bock 18,
lands adjac-nt to Kncinnl, Alameda: flu.
H. C. Mor Is to v endelin and Kegliia -chindler, I
lot 8 and 8W half of lot*), block 10, WarnerTract,
Brooklyn Township: *10.
Ueorze W. and Neves R. Harris to Harris Com- j
pany - (a corporation), lot on MW corner of East ■
Twenty-third and summit streets. W 276 b/ s ;
200, being lot* 15 to 36. block C, new town of !
Lynn: also lot on the KW line of Twelfth avenue
60 s\v of East Elgtiieen.b street, BW So tur NW
100, block 98, Clinton, hast Oakland; «5.
Charles Babb to William Yuill, lot 10, block O, I
J. W. i rawford. Tract, qul claim deed, Oakland i
Township: $10.
Charles Lievaux to Adrienne Lievaux, lot on E
line of MaJUon street, 25 N of Second, X 25 by E
1 0. being lot 2 and portion cf lot 28. block 131;
also lot on NX corner of Second and Madison
streets, E 100 by X 25, being- lot 1 and portion of
lot 2& block 131, Oakland: gift.
E. B. and Stella 11. stone to John Garone, lot 17
block 18, resubdiWded Towmlte of Fitchbunr
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Christopher « . Webb to Maurice Wurts, undi
vided half interest in lots 36 and 37, block 6
amended Map Centra! Park, Alcatraz and Nan
bury stations, Berkeley: $10.
J. «., Stella H. and W. W. Mead and Anna L.
Lee, trustees of the estate of ;■ tephen Mead, to
Joanna Barnett, wife of I). P. Harriett, lot on N
line of Mead aveuue, 246.16 X of Maiket street.
F. 25 by N 125, being lot 22 Mead Park. Oakland;
$10-
Harriett Morgan to Oreo J. nnd Grace K. Mullen
and « yd i*» lot » on S line of Eighth stree'..
}} 6 , W . Of Br Jßhl W3sb*s 10 '< ' ln K ! <" 12 • n <>
W 10 feet of lot 13, bioc< 96, uakiand: also, lot
on W line of Market street, 180:10 8 of Rallroa.l
avenue. 8 SB by W 125. Oakland: also, lot on E
line of Adeline street, 181 :;{ « of Twenty-first a
25 by E 127. Oakland: also, all Interest in lot on
N line of Milton street, 226 Wof tan Pablo ave
nue, W76 by 100, being lot J9 and W half of
lot 18, Milton Tract, subject to mortgage, oat
land: gut. • .
Maine E. Wilson (administratrix of estate of
Olive F. Plank), by commissioner, to Jens P. Mor
tensen, lot on b corner of Twenty-second avenue
and East Fliteenth street. 8K 25 by 55W 100; also
lot on HE line of Twenty-second avenue. 100 s\v :
of East Fifteenth • reet. 8E 25, B\\ 40, N W 25
> X 40. to beginning, Kast Oakland: 9692.
Charles CL Jewell to Robert and Elizabeth Caley,
lotoaKW line of Thirteenth aveiiue, 75 aW of
K»st Seventeenth street, sW 37:8 by NW 100
block 89. Clinton, East Oakland; $10. '.
K. M. and A. V. Laymance to J. H. T. Watkln
son, lots 63 -and 66. Piedmont Tract, Oakland
Township: f 10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to George
A. Willard, lot 78. In plat 22, Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township; $18.
>'. R. Whiicomb (admlulstrator of estate of J. B.
Whltcomb) to Maurice Warts, undivided half In
terest in lots 86 and' 37, block 6, Map of central
Park, Alcatraz acd >"ewbury ions, Berkeley:
$200. . . ; *.#
V Bnlldera 1 Contracts.
J. BuKstnl with P. A. Antonelll, to erect a one
story frame building on N line of Lombard atre«- (
near (iough. J. Godart architect: 93496.
H. H. Hermes with Ed Cox, to erect a one-story
bonding on W line ot . Kleventh avenue. 175 X of
street, no architect; $1880.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
THE McCULLOUGHS
TELL THEIR WOES
Mesmerism Said to Have
Been Used by the Well-
Known Doctor.
He Denies All Guilt and Re'ers
to H.s Wi.e's Written
Confession
Both Sides Freely Talk of Sensations
That Wi 1 Develop Daring the
Progress of the Tria'.
Oakland OrncE San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 12. )
The suit of Mrs. May C. McCullough
against her Husband, Dr. Frank E. McCul
lougb, lor a diTorce, was called in the Su
perior Court this morning.
Since the bringing of tbe suit Mrs. Me-
Cullougn has made a remarkable state-
MRS. MARY McCULLOUGH, Who Wants a Divorce, and DR.
McCULLOUGH, Whom She Charges With Being a Mesmerist.
ment ■which, if it bo true, proves that her
husband is a very powerful mesmerist.
The complaint shows that Dr. McCul
lounli does not findjthe love of one woman
sufficient fur his comprehensive nature,
and Mrs. McCullouph has dra»g?d into
her allegation^ many family skeletons
that have been bidden for more than a
year.
The plaintiff is several years youngi-r
than her husband and is of a haughty
disposition, anJ this trait in her character
is clearly eviaenced when she tells her
story.
"We were married," she ?aid, "»n De
cember 2, 1893, aud for some months
everything went well, and one day I was
j surprised to hear my husbnnd say that
there was a woman in the world that he
j loved more than myself. Very often the
{ doctor would show me, whnn'a Jittle com
j pany would be present, how completely
j he could put a person under his power.
'. It was no joke, for h? is an accomplished
! mesmerist, and i.c has often tried his
! power on me. He now say* i hat he holds
j a written confession from nic in whicu I
I admit (hat 1 myself had been polity of
I wrongdoing. Whenever he trie I to influ
ence me I always fought him off, but if he
ever did succeed he probably made me
write the confession he now holds. He
used to do strange things and try to put
me in a trance, bul I always protested
vigorously.
"If he produces any alleged confession
from me I will charge him with being a
mesmerist who U9es the power vested in
him for criminal purpoies and I can prove
my case. Several of us once saw him hyp
notize a woman jutt to amuse us and then
get her to sign a receipt for $1000 after
navmg given her but one 5-cent piece.
"Dr. McCuilough would discuss with
me to my utter astonishment the woman
whom be said he loved more than me, but
at no time would ne mention her in the
presence of another person. He left me
alone at times and the absence of cruelty
was made up by bis pronounced indiffef
nce and neelect. One nipht I did take a
etroll ont and went to the Masonic Hall
swbere the doctor said he was going to at
tend a dance. I saw his phaeton iiitched
near the entrance and I got into it and
sat down. About midnight the doctor
came out with the woman whom he bad
gone crazy over. They started to get into
the bugiry but discovered me and fled. I
a«ked Dr. WilKes to drive me home and
he did so. That i* all my husband has to
say against me, that a friend was kind
enough to manage the horse for me and
get me home safely."
Dr. McCuilough says that while living
on liust Sixteenth street lots of thing*
happened which he would prefer bad been
kept secret, but now be ntust make them
public to defend himself.
"Her charges are devoid of truth," said
he, "and spite caused ncr to bring these
proceedings. Since separating seven
mouths ago she has called on me several
times, but I tefused to see her, and she has
now brought in the name of a lady whom
I scarcely know and whom I have Dot
seen for over a year. 1 shall fight this
case every inch of the way, aud before we
■re through Mrs. McCullongh will be
sorry that she started it"
All parties concerned were not ready to
day to pre enl their testimony and the
trial of the case was continued till next
week.
CRUSHED UNDER A TREE.
Fearful End of George Sims, a Forester
of Danville.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 12.— George
Sims, a treecutter of Danville, was in
stantly killed by the sudden falling of a
large oak on which he had been working.
S.ms has been engaged in the business of
cutting trees in Contra Costa and Ala
meda counties for many years.
The unfortunate man leaves a widow
and two children, who were entirely de
pendent oti his earnings and who are now
living at Danville.
An examination of the tree which
caved tbe fatal accident shows that the
oak feil at an angle largely different from
that on wh'ch the woodcutter h»d calcu
lated, and had it fallen where he intended
he would not have been struck. There is
no doubt that a sudden eusi of wind for
which he could not possibly have made
any provision was responsible for his
death.
Fire Department Changes.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 12.— The Fire
Coinomfcioners will meet on Wednesday,
and it is believed that a change in the
head of the department will be made at
that time. Fred A. Campbell is making a
strong right for the placs, and it is be
lieved has the necessary two votes. Com
missioner Dow is opposed to the removal
of Fair.
McNally Road Cleared.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 12. — Rev.
Father McNally, who was mainly instru
mental in having opened up some time
ago the beautiful McNally road, appeared
before the Supervisors this morning, and
informed the board that some one had
erected a fence across tlie highway. The
matter was referred to the Road Commis
sioner of the district, with instructions to
have the highway cleared at once.
A JAPANESE TRAVELER.
K. Noro on Ills Wtty Home From a
Tour of the Lending Cities of
tbe World
K. Noro, vice-president and managing
director Naigwai IJu«;an Trading Com
pany, Kobe, Japan, arrived in the City
from the East last evening and registered
at the Palace Hotel. Since Mr. Noro
passed through San Francisco last No
vember, where he was cordially received
by the president of the Chamber of Com
merce, n- has visited London, Paris. Ber
lin, Bru-seiu, New York, Nuw Orleans,
Boston, Chicago, Washington and many
other cities. He will journey hence to
morrow by rail to catch the steamer sail
inr from Vancouver to Japan.
Mr. Noro is deeply concerned about the
taiifl legislation pending in Washington
and fears that a prohibitory dnty may be
placed on Feverul articles manufactured
in Japan, and e>pecially that of matting.
He speaks of the activity of Japan in
the manufacture of cotton and woolen
goods ami siys a large quantity of Ameri
can cotton is imported by Japan. He
says the trade between Japan and San
Francisco should be very large, and that
his country would be a large purchaser
of machinery ma 1 • in San Francisco if
transportation charges could be main
tained at a reasonable figure.
Two distinguished residents of Japan
will arrive in Ban Francisco on the next
steamer from the Orient— one is the presi
dent of the Nippon Bank and the other is
M. Sumitomo, the owner of a celebrated
copper mine and the richest man in Japan.
The yield of the copper mine is 6,000,000
pounds annually.
BITTEN BY A MONKEY.
Charles Kmpey Has a Double Doit
of Bad Luck at the
Chuten.
Charles Ernpey has filed two damage
snite- for $10,000 each against the Paul
Boynton Chutes Compnny.
Mr. Empey, through his attorney, Wil
liam M. Abbott, alleges that on the 28th
of April, 1896. while employed on the
e.iute grounds, the servants of the de
fendant company allowed a hsavy stick of
timber to fail on him. injuring him to the
extent of $10,OCO. The second complaint
is oi a mure serions nature, for in that
Mr. Empey alleges that on the 11th of last
January the Chutes Company kept and
owned a vicious and ferocious monkey,
which was accustomed to bite mankind;
that on the date last mentioned, at the
Chutes grounds, the aforesaid monkey
did jump on, attack, bite and greatly
wound the plaintiff about the neck and
head, and particularly the cords of said
plaintiff's neck, in consequence of which
he became sick and sore and the cords of
his said neck nave become stiff; that the
injuries aro permanent, and that he ought
to have $10,000 in compensation for his
suffering?.
In consequence of his hard luck and bis
Inability to pay the fees in advance Judge
Seawell has issued an order permitting
the tiling of the complaint and requiring
the county to wait until the plaintiff wins
before collecting the same.
A swarm of bees took possession of a big
grocery store in Loeansport, Ind., and
after driving out the shopmen and cus
tomers, at* twenty pound*: of honey that
was exposed tor sale.
EVERYTHING WENT
TO THE CLUB
Good Government People
Win a Victory at
Berkeley.
Richard Lloyd Elected Marshal
and Hanscom Chosen
Town Clerk.
It Was the Hottest Election the
College Sett m nt Has
S?en.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 12. —The Good
Government Club carrried everything In
sight at the municipal election to-day.
The heaviest vote ever cast in Berkeley
wns recorded.
Richard Lloyd, the nominee of the In
dependent Taxpayers and Non- Partisans,
was elected Marshal by a vote of 960, as
against 932 for George Schmidt, the Re
publican and People's party nominee. M.
L. Hanscom wns re-elected Town Cleric by
a handsome majority, a* was also Treas
urer John Squires. The latter received
the largest majority of any candidate in
the field having an opponent, receiving
789 more votes than J. T. Morrison, the
next highest candidate.
Isaac Wells was re-elected Assessor,
and for Library Trustees Dr. Thomas Ad
d-on, H. D. lrwin, A. W. Naylor. H. W.
Taylor, F. X- Bhattuck and F. F. Con
nor. W. H. Marston received the ejec
tion of Trustee of the Fi rst Ward, J. Le
Conte of the Second, A. It. Frame of the
Fourth and C. D. Maloney of the Sixth.
Professor E. J. Wickson was re-elected
School Director from the Second Ward,
H. L. Tisiiale from the Fourth, J. S. Grew
from the Fifth and E. F. Niehaus from
the Sixth.
The tree-plantinß ordinance was carried
by a vote of about 2 to L
The election was probably the most
notly contested ever held in Berkeley, the
chief tight being between Richard Lloy-1
nnd George Schmidt for theortice of Mar
shal. The two candidates ran neck mid
necfc until (he very last, when Lloyd
finally won out by an exceedingly small
m ijority. Following are the totals from
the seven wards:
For Marshal— Richard Lloyd, 960; George
Behmldt, 932.
For Tow ti d-rk— M. L ffamcom, 1105; J. C.
Sherr«t\ 558; G. H. Wright, 200.
For Tr.-aMirer— John squire-, 1143; R. W.
Good, 344; J. T. Koirvon, 354.
For Assessor— l. \V. Wells, 1037, total vote
and support ot a 1 parties.
For Library Trustees— Dr. Thomas Aildisnn.
813; H.I). hnrl»i, 891; A. W. Nay cr, 853:
H. W. Taylor, 9t>B; F. K. Shattuck, .1199; F. F.
Connor. 517; J. T. Fitrrah. 882; S. Fisher,
;t'J«: W. M II vwood.o4o; William Lair Hi!!.
488; J. M. O berg, 275; E. G. Vail, 491 ; N. T.
W bit] ne, 487.
For TriiMe.;, First Ward— W. H. Marston
248, W. H. Bone 43.
hor Trustee, f-et-ond Ward — J. Le Conte 175,
U. H. Djddh.b 50.
For Jru-te-. Fourth Ward— A. R. Frame 112,
H. X mn lOSt I-. B. Btrnes 2.
For Trusee. Sixth Ward— C. D. Maloney 177,
\v. H DarreU 01.
For School Director, Second Ward— E. J.
\V:ck-on 211 (walkover).
For School l»r^, lot . ( Fourth Ward— H. L.
Tiidale 91, I. K. KierulS G4, G. Swain 60.
For Scnoul Dwector. Filth Ward— J. X Crew
77. G. A. Waterimry «5, W. J. Derirk-on 28.
For Hchool Director, Sixth Ward— E. F. Nie
hfus 178 (walkover).
Trt'o-plautinß ordinance— B29 for and 44 3
against.
Tennis Player* Disagree.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 12.— Magee
and M' in, the two representatives of the
State University in the annual tennis
tournament with Staniord, nave a griev
ance against the Palo Alto boys on ac
count of the refusal of the latter to piny
off the match before the first or second
week in May. Alaeee says that it has al
ways been the custom to play off the
games during the early part of April, be
fore the spring ''exes" at Berkeley begin,
: but on account of the desire of Stanford to
enter Freeman in both the tennis tourney
and the baseball games they have refused
to play until after the last baseball match,
which occurs on May 4.
The University of California "exes"
begin on April 26, while those at Stanford
do not commence until the latter part o!
May. The date upon which Stanford
wishes to play will fali in the very midst
of the Berkeley ''exes," and on this ac
count Magee says he and Mem have a
vigorous complaint coming.
- Roil Kern- Hay-ward Wedding.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 12.— The wed
ding ot Mi-s Florence Rodsrers and H. F.
Hayward is announced for Wednesday,
April 28. in St. Joseph's Church, Berkeley.
- Miss Rodgers is a daughter of Thomas
Rodger a of Sbattuck avenue ami is a
graduate of the Berkeley High School.
The prospective groom is a son of Cap
tain Hayward of the Mariposa ana a
graduate of St. Ignatius College. He is
now chief engineer of the coasting
steamer Corona. Both are well . known
and popular young people of Berselay.
Miss Lillian Rodgers will be bridesmaid
and George Hayward the best man.
Brief News Items.
The Philosophical Union will hoid its an
nual meeting to-morrow evening, when a vote
will be taken on tbe proposition to increase
the annual dues from $1 to $5. The additional
income has been found necessary in order to
pay the expense of visitors to the union. A
majority has already declared in iavor of the
change.
• The local Christian Endeavor societies are
preparing for the musical part of the pro
gramme of the '97 convention. They will meet
every evening: up to the date of the National
gathering and rehearse under the direction of
S. H. Clark.
Bishop W. F. Nichols of the diocese of Cali
fornia will preach in St. Mark's on Easter.
Rector Swan has been congratulated on all
sides for havln? secured the Bishop to address
the Berkeley parishioners on Easter, as many
calls to the distinguished prelate have come
from other, much larger congregations.
A special train of two cars was run through
Berkeley this afternoon -. by Superintendent
A. D. Wilder for the purpose of testing » new
brake lor railroad trains. East and North
Berkeley were selected to test the qualities of
the new invention ou account of the heavy
grade between the two points.
Track Managers Brown of Stanford and
Barnes of the University of California have
been unab to agree upon the conditions gov
erning the proposed bicycle match in the In
tercollegiate field day, and as a result that
event will probably go by the board. ". •- •
Reopening of th« Association Build Ing.
The Young Men's Improvement Committee
has undertaken some very extensive improve
ment! in the new building of the association.
The work will be completed by Thursday next
and the reopening of these departments will
be marked by a special reception to members
and friends. J. A. Percy, chairman of the
Young Men's Improvement Committee, will
E reside and there will be music by the Colum
ian Orchestra and the Knickerbocker
Quartet, recitations by Professor C. B.Newton,
vocal selections by Miss Xenla Roberts, and at
the close of the exercises in the auditorium a
game of basketball will be played in the gym
nasium between the Business Men's team of
Ban Francisco and the Athens team of Oak
land.
• ; HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH BT_
board and room $1 to »2 per da/, »6 to *12
per week; choice rooms 50 oenta to 11; salt*
rooms for family $1 to «L 50 per night; nrst-claw
••met; UtO tV*S* WiAKLjia ilUiNXUUJltttjr
1 . ■ .. . v - . .
Auction Saics
L H. BIRO, AICTIOMR.
WAREHOUSE. 211 LARKIN ST.
. -' WILL SELL THIS DAY, .
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
11 FULTON STREET, NEAR LARKIN,
The Fine Furniture of Private Douse,
....CONSISTING 0F....
Parlor, Bedroom. Dining-room and Kitchen Fur-
niture; fine Carpets: Pictures, etc.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
~ AUCTION SALE,
THURSDAY, April 15, 1897, at 11 o'clock, at
the New York Stable, 507 Jessie street, 20 head
Horses;- 15 Buggies, open and top; Single and
Double Harness: 1 Kockaway. Must be sold with-
out reserve or limit. M. J. McBRIDK, Auctioneer.
EDUCATIONAL.
» NDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
-.'v Mathematics: pupil* prepared In day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
i high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot', bid*.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavia st., fan Francisco,
Mil's ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. it. Satnrday a. m.
HEALD'3 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24. POST—
Bookkeeping, Cosiness practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 'JO teachers: 15,000 gradu-
Lies; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYItES', TUifi LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery st. : Individual instruction 13
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraph etc. :
Hie scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
SHORTHAND. TYPEWRITING SCHOOL;
English, German; private or class; low rates.
P.oom 32, Donobue building, over the Maze.
ELASjCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 5 and 12. LO.O.t'. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 81 Geary st.
NOINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
clvlt mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
tauiiht; es.lBts-l. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 Mkt
T) ANJO TA CGHT TO BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
X> per lesson. Address A.,' box 76, Call Office, j
MANDOLIN, GUITAR — AM.ATEUK PLAY-
IiI ers to join c:uo. PI OF. MERKI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN, 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servatory and German High School. 110 Hydest
AMY J. DEAS, 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
culture.plano:pri.les.s2 hr. , vocal classessl mo.
1 BOOKKPNG, WHJTNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR.
I S) day <& night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
INUING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
GlllAß. MAN'i-OLIN. PIANO AND VOC^.-
\J< liwm. S3 mo. Mary Westhaui. 29 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, HUD Hayes at.;
open until tf :8O o'clock-.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
J\. We sell them for 93, $4, $5. $6, 97. $8. $9, $10
I per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade: don't pay rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN, :
CLA V A CO., cor. Kearny aud butter sis.. Stein- j
I way dealers.
I * BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
! iv bouse west of Chicago is KOHLER &
! CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'irarrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all otutr music*! ' instruments, ot all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowe*::
very till uk possible done to please and bailsiy iua
customer.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAIN'S IN Pi-
anos; monthly payments from $5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondent
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
! salesrooms 933 Market «>:., opp. M&aon; esiaO
1 sli"J over 20 years.
PMV >T=:i,KCT BARGAINS— PIANOS S3O. $75, j
! r $80; Stelnway. $126: Weber, if 2 so; Uardman,
5390: organs cheap, THE J. DEWING CO., sec
ond floor, Flood building. Fourth and Market st).
BONA FIDK REDUCTION IK PRICKS—
Halnes, Knabe, Bush <& Herts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from 100 up. ■ W. C. HAMIL-
ION, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 824 I'ost.
HAW, STEIN *250; CHICKERING.
C 185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
i right. $95. HEINE, 13ti Ellis St.
I W].,' $150— BEST BARGAINS IN THE
I <IP-Lfc.«J. c.ty: good second-hand uprights. The
ZENO MAUVAI - Music Co. 769 Market su
ARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. ;i5 McAllister «L, next Hioernia
j Bank. ' .
(Jjorr\ UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
tJpZOV. Bros.'): cost $500. Apply 835 Pine st.
(J»-| f\(\ ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLER
| <4pIUV/.ulano $5 Installment*. 221 l.eaveuworth
BARGAIN, 975; ERARD. FISCHER AND
other uprights. HORNUNG'S, 216 Post st.
Q-| -' NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
«Jpx I O. warranted 6 yrs. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
T SHKRMaN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you Unit a s:ock of new Stelnway pianos-
W\.i. BADOKII. SOLE ENT FORHALLET
. .<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41 aacto.
BYRON MAUZY. 108 POST ST.— SOHMKW,
Newbir & Kvani. Brings and other pianos.
I CUPKRIOi'. VIOLINS. ZITJIKK!*, OI.D& NEW
OH. MCI.LER. maker, ren:ilrer 'i i a- ham place.
DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V. ket, let. 3d and 4th: gats specialists; painless
extrac.ing, with gas, $1 ; plates, 97 up; 611, $1 up.
FULL SET OF TEETH. 87: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
\ tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yturs: tilings. 50c; crowns, 93 50.
j CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth street
J ©7 FULL BET TEETH: BE.ST MAKE;
O ' • kept la repair; extracting free; filllngs,sOo:
; crowns, 93 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
"POSITIVELY PA LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
1 HARDING, oOOSutter cor. Powell: tel.mains37s
R. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.. OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
CUJLIUN DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 808 i!A«-
KJ ket it. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ,
(2*7 a set FOR TKUTH- WARRANTED A3
O I good as can be made; filling 91 DR. SIMM 4
dentist, 930 Market at., next, Baldwin Theater."
I pAINLKSS KXTRACIION, £oc. CROWN
! X nridge work specialty: plates 95 op: lSyearr
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting whea
; plates are made: old plates made over like new;
: teeth from 98 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
L-hTUr Tttlll WlTtiuUt a jr^i* ij^
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk si.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extraction
•nd patentee of Improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from tt to HOO'FarreUsc.
LL WORK REASONABLE! AND WAJt-
ALL WORK KKASONABLK AND WA*
ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 1820 Market m.
PKOPERn WANTED. •
WANTKD-TO BUY A HOUSE AND LOT;
• 1 good location; In Alameda, Oakland, Berke-
ley or Fruilvale: price SI OOO to 91&00 on the
installment- plan; small payment down. Address
i H. W., box 186, Call Oflice, San Francisco.
STORAGE.
STORAGE- ROOMS, 25x10, 93 PER MONTH;
rooms 10x12, 92; new and dry. DECKER.
1020 Market st. ; . ; ; :'_;
TJEDUCED RATES. FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
XV. household goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. < 735 MkU
.; PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR FRESH BEEF AND MUT-
X ton— Office Chief Commissary. San Francisco,
Cal., April 12, 1897. .: sealed proposals. In tripli-
-1 cate, will be received here and at offices of com-
mlsiarips. at Alcatras Island, Angel Is and, Bent-
, cia Barracks. For. - Ala son. Presidio of s.im
Francisco and San Diego Barracks, Cal.. until 11
o'clock a. if. May 12, 1897. «nd then opened, for
' furnishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in bulk
[ required at those posts by the subsistence depart
ment V. S. army, during -period commencing July
• 1, and ending December 31, 1897. Fresh beef
■ ■halt be good In quality and condition, fit for Im-
• mediate use, an.; trom fore and hind quarter meats
proportionally. including all the best cuts thereof.
f Fresh mutton shall be of good, fat and marketable
, quality, from wethers over one and under three
years old. Beef and mutton to be di eased and.
trimmed and delivered as prescribed iv c rcnlar of
■ instructions. . Proposa s will . be also received stat-
ii g price nt which bidder win deliver fresh beef or
muttou of ; character above stated, and to be deliv-
ered of temperature not greater tr.an 50 degrees
Fahrenheit. 1 Government reserves right to reject
I in whole or in 1 art any or all bids, Instructions
1 furnished on application to ' post commissaries or
1 CHARLES P. EAGAN, lieutenant-colonel, chief
] commissary. ■
PALO ALTO _STOCK FARM.
THE ANNUAL SALE
fe — — .
Standard-Bred Trotting and Roadster
Geldings, Mares, Stallions
and Road Teams.
By such stallions as tbe following: Adver-
tiser (2 :lsV*i. Alban 02:24), Amlgo (2:16%),
Azmoor (2:^oy 3 ), Bernal (2:17). Boxwood, Dex-
ter Prince. Wild Boy, Paola (2:18), Piedmont
(2:171,4), Sport (2:32«), Electioneer, '•lectrlcitv
(2:17%), uocd Gilt, Palo Alto (2:08%). Hugo
(2:24). Langtnn (2:21%), Norrls (^:2iVi) ana
Nutwood (2:1834). 7 *' v
WILL TAKE PLACE ON
TUESDAY - - - APRIL 20, 1897,
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM,
.NEAR PALO ALTO, CAL.
Take 9 a. m. train at TnirJ and Town* end sts.,
:-an Francisco, for Palo Alto station, where vehi-
cles will be In readiness to convey visitors to the
farm. Sale will take place Immediately upon ar-
rival of passenzen from train. Lunch will be
served upon the ground. 't
KILL! I* & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers,
II Montgomery Street, San Frimcl<co. Cal.
HONE! WANTED.
PARTY HOLDING GOOD POSITION WANTS
1 to borrow 9300: cool security and Interest.
W. A. X., box 139, Cull Ofllce.
OFFICES TO LET.
o^T-^^TowETLT'ToinrERT'T^
Z.~kj renovated sunny parlor suite: furnished or
partly. -*-'-v-.:
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET, RES.
28U4 25th st. ; diseases Of women aspeclalty.
TRUSTEES* SALES.
fTIRUSTEES'SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
JL the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by W. D. IloLco.M
and HAiUE K. HOLCOM (bis wife), parties
of the nrst part, to HENR\ C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties
of the second part, and THE SAN , FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of "the
thira part, dated December 14, 189 i, and recorded
of the office of the County Recorder or tbe county
of Stanislaus, State of California, In liber 33 of
deeds, at pages 413 and following, and In pursuance
in a resolution passed on the 4th day of March.
1897, oy the board of directors of said BAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and tbe holder of the note (No. ll,Hti'>), to secure
payment of which tbe aforesaid deed of truss, was
executed, declaring that default bad been made In
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec Inn said HKNRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU3
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice thai on
TUESDAY, the 27tn day of April. A. D. 1807. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Kaston, Kldriiige &Co , So. b"3B Market
street, In the GIST and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United Stales, the piece or parcel of land sit'
uate la the county of ■•■taiii-.la is, State of Califor-
nia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
in township two (2) south, range twelve
(12) eait, Mount Diablo base and meiidian;
■■I section twenty-eight (26) the southeast
quarter (>K. 14) ;
of se-tlon thirty-three (33) the east half of the
east naif (K. aof K. 14,) :
Of section thirty-four (34) the west half (W.
a/ 2):
' la township three (3) south range twelve (12)
east, Mount Diablo has I and meridian:
01 section four (4) the nortneast quarter (NE.
Vi): .
vontalnlng In all elaht hundred and three (803)
1 crei of land, more or less; together with the ap-
pr. rtpnances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United Mates; ten per cent payable to tbe under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and If not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, aud the sale to M
void. Acts of sale nt purchaser's expense
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, \ »._„.,„.
THADDEUS B. KENT. / lru S le «*
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed Dy JAMES F. «
MACKLIN, party of the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of' the- second part, ' and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated May 16th,
1895, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the Ci y ana County of San Francisco,
State of California, in liber Itifju of deeds, at
paces 70 and following, and |in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the loth day of September,
1896, by the board of directors of sain SAN FKAN-
CI-CO SAVINGS UNION, a corooratlon. and the
bolder of the note (No. 13,481). to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness. -
We. HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do here oy give notice tbaton
TUESDAY, the 4th day of .May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock: noou of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldrldge <fc Co., No. 638 Market
street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, the piece-* or parcels of land situate
in the City and County of -hii Francisco, Male of
California, described as follows, to wit:
lots nu n bers twenty-three (23) and iwen:y-four
(24), In block B, as shown and de ineated on the
map entitled "Original Map of the Property Of the
Pars 11 ill Homestead Association," surveyed by
William l. Humphreys Cl.v and County Sur-
veyor, July 13th. 1878, tiled August 3d, 3878. in
| the office of the County Recorder of said City and
county of San Francisco and now of recotd there-
in in liber, of maps at pages 165 ai d 168; and to
which map nut the cord thereof special refer-
ence is hereby made for further or more particu-
lar descrlp.lon: together with the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in co!d coin of the
United States;' ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless' for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. \ Tn1 ,,.,.
THADDEUS B. KENT, J trustee*
mRUSTEES' BALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM s.
HOPKIN-. and LIZZIK tiKKThODK HuPKINS
(his wife), and WILLIAM H. L. BARNES,
parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADL-hUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of trie second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party Of the
third part, dated May Ist. 1890, and recorded
In the office or the County Recorder of the City
and County of San Kranc.sco, State of California,
In liber 1402 of. deeds, at 'pages 88 and follow-
ing, and in . pursuance of a resolution passed on
the Bth day of April, 1897, Dy the board of " direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a corporation, and the holder of the note (So.
iO.UUi). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that defaul;
had been made in the payment of the principal
sum and : other turns due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU3 B.
KENT, trustee*, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
■ We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU9
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 4th clay of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Kaston, Eldrldge Co., No. 638 Mar-.
ket street. In the City «nd County of San Francisco,
state of California, we will sell "at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in so.<! coin of the
United States, the piece or parcel of land situate
In the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, described as follows, to wit: •
Commencing at a point on the southerly line of
Suiter street, distant thereon one hundred an 1
thirty-seven feet six iuches (137 and 6-12 feet)
easterly from the emerly line of Leavenworth
street; running- thence easterly along said line of
sutler street one hundred and thirty-neven feet
six inches (137 and 6-12 feet): thence at rUht
angles southerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
six Inches (137 and 6-12 feet): thence at right
angles westerly one hundred and th r y-seven feet
six Inches (137 and 6-12 feet), and thence it rißnt
angles northerly one hunclreJ and tulrty-seven feet
six inches (137 and 6-12 ■ eel) to the point of turn-
mencement: being lot number on» thousand one
hundred and twenty-one (1121) of the Hfty-vara
lot survey of the lily of San Francisco, according
to the official map thereof: - together with the ap-
purtenances. - .- -
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in (told coin of ths
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, balance on de.
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. - Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C CAMPBELL, \ -r" V—
THADDEUS B. KENT, / Trustee*.
/ r 7%L. Or. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AQP"BI? i :i^y* 1!AB3 '" >r STY Established
§. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l (Ji T^^ EA T? KYftiT - Established
m in 18«4 for the treatment of Private
fnLiflylsM DiBewles . Lost Manhood. Debility or
TpgrnMßlTO disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
S&BmbS§l Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswbon
-tStrmtmH others fall. .- Try him. Charges IoW.
■ rnif«i;nai»ni<-rd. Ciillorwrite.
] »r. J. If. MIBB9& Bos 2937. SaaFraaclKXk
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTPINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAi/i/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery streeu
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
880 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 l.arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*; •pra
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission strwt open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth stref t; open until 9-.: so o'clock.
ICOS Po'.k street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second »nd Kentucky
streets: open till P a'dock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
oriental lodge no. 144, F. m
fr^^and A. M. — >irst degree THIS 11
(TUESDAY) EVENING at : 30 o'clock. Ttjw
A. S. HUBBARD, secretary. /V^
mrS" GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30. •
Vt^ F. and a. M.— Called me. ting THIS Jl
(TUESDAY) VIM April 13, at7:3o}E^
o'clock. First degree. '~'
GKORGE J. HOBR, Secretary.
s^-=s= CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. •
*-& 6, K. A. M., will meet THIS (TUES- _«%_
DAY')EVENINQ, April 13, at 7:H'J o'clock. ICJT
P. .V. and M. K. M. degrees. By order of /^r >
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
tt^S* OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF •
*<& south San Francisco Lodge No 212. Jl,
F. and A. M.. are hereby notlried to msem- )&J\
beat their hall on TUKSDAY at 12 M for/^r
the purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, ROBERT WART. By order Of
the W. M. E. C. Ha RE, Sec.
VtOS' FRANCO - AMERICAN ■^ttMIJt'T,
Br-*^ Lodi:eNo. '.07, I. O. O. F.-Offi- %gsffqp
cers and members are requested 10 ~~2%p>Bte~~
meet at their hall, corner Market and ' / ' l " vx
Seventh. THURSDAY, April 15. a" 8 o'clock p.m.
for Initiation of candidates. Members of sister
lodges ar- respectfully invited.
R. Lavionk, Secretary. L. L. REMY, N. G.
f^S» OFFICER- AND MEMBERS OFvy
W^Bf Boad | Circle No. 3, U. A. O. D., areEES
hereby notified to assemble at their hall, ■■
413 Sutter street, on WEDNESDAY, April 14, at 1
p it., for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our la. sister. HANNAH K. HI 1 I TO.», from
the church, 643 Howard street, at, 2 P. m.
JEN NIK MARINO, A. D.
John Gosch, cretary pro tern.
Ht^» A. O. 11., DIVISION* NO. 7, B.^^j*??^
WZ& of E.— The regular monthly meet- V; ■¥
ing THIS (TUESDAY) EVENI.VO, April « >t
IS, at 8 o'clock, at Wolf Hall, 121 New^M&fi}
Montgomery streeu Applicunis foradmis- #-^nf
slou will please take notice and atte:.d. By order
M. G. SEARS, President.
John Lyxch. R. S.
■£2p THE GRAND COUNCIL OF CALIFOR-
BF^S' nia. Order of Chosen Friends, will convene
In Memorial Hall Odd Fellows' building, TUES-
Da V, April IS, at 10 A. m. sharp.
S. C. WA'LLIS, Grand Recorder.
ttTTJp ANNUAL MEETING —NOTICE IS
mZ& hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Jtahan-.-w ss Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office of the
corporation, ao. 618 Montgomery St., corner of 1
Commercial, on WEDNESDAY, April 14. 1597, I
at 7:£o o' 1 lock P. M., for the purpose of ec-cting
directors tor the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the tiansactloa of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Boors are now open for subscription to 1000
shares of stock of the eleventh series. Loans
mane in San Fiaticisco and.Alamrda counties
only. Interest, 6 per cent per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, 20 per cent gross, or 50
cents per share Installments at pleasure of bor-
rower, which amounts to $12 60 per month for
each $1000 net cash received by the borrower,
this sum paying both principal and interest.
loans may be repaid at an y time desired. Order
of the Board of Directors A. BBARBOBO, sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
tt^" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR f4:
W~& collections made: -city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 41 Mouthy st.. room 6: tel. 6580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
K^g= DIVIDEND NOTICE— NEVADA
wt^£r Bauk of San Francisco — Board of Direc-
tors of this bans have declared a dividend (No. 20)
for the quarter ending March 31. at the rate of
six (6) per C-*nt per annum, payable on and after
April 16. Transfer books will be closed fiom the
10th to the 15th insU, both 'lavs in lusive.
D. ri. Davidson, Secretary.
an Francisco. April 9. 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST - CLASS SCANDINAVIAN COOK.
V with best of references, wishes situation in an
American family; $25 to $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st.
ICIEST-CLASS COOK: COULD TAKE COM-
V plete charge of boardlnz-honse on salary or
share in business: city or country. Address S. M.,
box 77, '-"all Office
"RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION;
XV is a good cook: will do plain washing: will be
kind to children and work for moderate wages;
references if required. 2iy% Fourth su, over the
florin's.
r "VTORTH GERMAN LADY (TEACHER)
i-> wants situation in a private family to teach
German and English branches, French and piano.
Adliesi MISS h. WEisSERMEL, 1221 O'Far-
reli su, Y. W. C. A. I v- </
"WANTED-POSITION BY YOUNG WOMAN
IT at laundry, housework: iv private families;
by the day. 862 Va Mission st.
ELDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN "WANTS A
XJ situation: is a good cook: city or country.
Call or address 1129 Howard st.
pERMA.V GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
VJ in American family to do upstairs work or
take care of children. 17 Polk sU, beU Hayes
and FelL
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
tIon: light work and no objections to wanes.
fall 107 William st.
"I ADY GOING EAST FRIDAY' WOULD CARE
X-i for child or elderly lady f< r part railroad fare.
Address L. E., box 121, cail Office.
Position Wanted by superior in-
X Jams' nurse or would do chamber- work and
care for grown children: first-class city reference.
Address M. R., box 60, this office.
yuU.NO LAD* WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper, or will do plain sewing. Call 821
Mission St., room 5.
RELIABLE WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK- IS
XV a good plain cook: city reference.' Please call
at 714 Point Lobos aye.
"LUI'ERLY A.V ERICAN woman wishes
XJ situation to do housework; is good cook ; would
take care of invalid; city or country. Address
2o7Vi seventh su, near l-olsom.
OERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION;
VJ second work, charge of children or plain laun-
dress; city or country, G. S., box 92, Call Office.
"IfXPERIKNCKD WOMAN IN HOTEL WORK.
XJ as chambermaid or kitchen or laundry. 737
Howard, room 25.
pOMFKTENT YOUNG GIRL WISHES GEN-
\J eral housework anl cook.ng; wtiu $20. Call
or address J. A M 100 Halght su
■VTOUNG GIRL, 15 YEARS OLD, WOULD
X take a situation in nice American family to
assist In housework or help talc care of baby
Ple»se ca.l at 22y Verona st., beu Folsom and
Harrison, near Third.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN DJ-.MKES SITUA-
tion as nous-keeper; no objection to children.
Call 255 a Third su, from 10 to if o'clock.
Situation WANTED BY A competent
0 German woman to do cooking and housework-
IB 80-' d cook: willing ana obliging; country Dre-
ferred. Please call 621 California st.
V EAT GERMAN GIRL WHO IS AN EXPER-
X* ienced cook wishes situation. Call 21b Waller
at., bet. Buchanan and Webster.
A' OUNG LAD* WISHES POSITION TO CARE
X for children and instruct them on piano- good
reference. Address Miss M., 210 Minna su
LUlifaT-CI.ASS COOK WISHES SITUATION'-
X I best city references. S. H., 2219 Polk su '
WANTED-HITUATION AS *'IKST-CLASS
II oook; also girls for second work and watting-
nur^eg-lrls and girls for general homework; man
and wife for mix try. MUS. A. DADAML 31a
Butter St. ; teL i.ed 2713.
yOU.NO WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X hO'i<ekec-per or hotel work. 6 Market ou
room 35, second floor. '
hY ELDERLY LADY. AS HOUSEKEEPER
J-» in w. dower's family or :or bacht-lor; best ref-
erences; city or country. jL a., 1653 Hfih st ,
Oakland.
T ADY WANTS A PLEASANT HOME IN AL-
i~i ameaa in exchange for light houbewont and
music lesions. Address * Music, 1253 Broadway
Al&meda. ; " . . '
OMAN. PROFESSIONAL COOK, WOULD
liKe situation to cook by the day, or through
holiday week; references. Address A. is., Branch
Office Call. 616 .Lark in su
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL WANTS A POSITION;
jX housework • and cooking; wa»es $20. Please
1 a.i at 645 Jessie St.. near Seventh.'
WIDOW WISHED POSITION AS HOISE-
»T keeper, or will do plain tewing. Call 621 .Mis-
sion su, room 6.
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
woman to take care of children and <io light
jj usework: best 01 reference.' Apply 428 . Clem-
entina st f
SITUATION WANTED BY YoUNG GIRL
to take care of children and assist In general
route work. Apply 10s Linden aye., on* Franklin.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-'
work ty the day. 13 Himmelman su. be-
tween F*eiht a. id iJroadway, al»son ana Taylor.
FTTUATIONS WANTED- ContfnneA.""
yiiu.vo Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hotel. wiJower's or bachelor's !
home: will do pl-iin sewing. - 1122 MarKet, rm. 31. j
AT- OUNG EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper In
lodging-bouse or widower's home. Room b, 995
Market st.
/'lf: I.AKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE j
'•It) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken. ;
— _ ,
MIDDLE AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A :
1»1 situation to work; cltv or country; Is a *ood ;
cook and a very good laundress; moderate wages. j
Apply 1000 Washington sU, cor. Powell.
WOULD LIKE POSITION WITH LADY' AS j
II nurse; one going to seashore or springs or ,
travel. Address 1640 Sacramento st. • ■
EXPECTABLE GIRL WANTS MTUATION !
taking care of children: city or country; wages
$10. Call at 5 Russell st , near Union, off Hyde.
, - I
TXT ANTED— A POSITION BY' AN EXPEKI- '.
II enced Indies' uurm to travel by sea with some
tain's wife; would like to go 10 Europe. Ad-
dress 716 Webster.
yol'SG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Apply i2oa Eddy sU, room 7.
yOI'SO ENGLISH LADY DESIRKS POBI-
X lion as teacher in institution or private family;
traineJ kindergartner: .trench, English, drawing
mid painting; best Of references. Address 16 Fair
Oaks st.
C|^ LAKKI.V-BIIANCH OFFICE OF THE
Olu CALL: subscriptions on : wan: ails taken.
rjIHOROUGHLY COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED
X American woman with best of references would
like a position as housekeeper: city or country.
Please call or address 423 Ellis, near Leavenworth.
SITUATION WANTED BY. A YOUNG LADY
Oin store or as nurse for young children. Cal! or
address 634 Vi Jessie su
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
II Thk (all are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
QTYLISH DiESSMAKER WISHES A FEW
0 more engagements by the day in family: good
cutter and liter. 1 18Va Welch st., near Fourth,
beU Bryant and Branuan.
LADY' NEKDS WORK A FEW HOURS EACH
day; wri Ing or correspondence; housework or
care children, or care invalid. Address Aineiican,
box 134, Call Office.
yOUXU GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper lniwidower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourth. *
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY' OF AMIA-
J\\- disposition YOUNG LADY' as typewriter
hle disposition cesires a poKiiion as lypewriter '
or copyist. 120% Geary at., room 2, lirst floor.
yOUNf LADY, FORMERLY IN (iO 'D (1R-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, - bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sewing. R.-a 11, '.23 Post 2d floor '
ntq,. MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AM)
*-t)-iU want ads taken for THK CALL.
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A 6ITUA-
X lion as housekeeper. Call or address House- j
keeper, room 42, 775 Mission st.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY, STKANGER,
■A. sires to secure a 1 ousekeeper's place In hotel,
bachelor's tr widower's home; city or country.
Rooms 2 and 3, 223 Post su
I7XTKRIENCED AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
Xj lady desires a position as typewriter and ste-
nograptier; city or country. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 j
Sutler SU ;->.."- ■« -•
DKriSED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
Xt French widow desires a puce as housekeeper I
or companion. Room 2. 122 Post «i.
-y OUNG LADY (PARIS-lAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place; good disposition; prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post su
/*] C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
01 O call. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
T?XPERIENCED UOUSEKEUPEK, WOULD
EXPERIENCED widower's or bachelor's
like a position in widower's or bachelor's house- !
hold: country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth su, j
room 17; cull after 11 .m.
COMPETENT LADY. WISHES SITUATION j
\J as housekeeper for parties while gone 10 the !
country. Call 2636Vz Sutter st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MIS
Sion; branch office of Tu a Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR. i
»» Market; 200 rooms Vsc to $1 50 per nt«ht: ;
$1 60 to $ti per week; convenient and respectable; :
tree bus and baggage to and from tee terry.
r EAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUA ! lON i
X> rood cook a'td auudress: country preferied.
Address N. W., box 101 Call office.
/•I r- LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UXtJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
pERJIAN GI :L WISHES SITUATION AS i
VJ chambermaid: city or country. Call or ad
dress A. D , 114 Fourth st., room 31.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Call taken a* branch office, SUV Hayed hl;
open until V :3J o'clock.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
/"IHINESK & JAPAN Kfc-T'D 20 YKARS;
\_Vhelp;tet.maln 1997. BRADLEY A; Co. .640 Uay
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION
In the country: man Rood gardener, etc.;
woman is good cook and housekeeper. Apply
MKS. DaDaMI, 313 Setter st. lei. red 2713.
AM KKE-CHINESE AND JAPENKSE EM-
SAM KF.E-CHINESE AND J APENKSK EM-
ployment office. 611 V* Bush st., nr. Grant aye.
HL'N 1 ER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA.NKSK
employment office, removed to 614 Va Califor-
nia St., near Kearny. 1 el. main '-'31.
JAPANESE l.MKLi,lOh.M,fc AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel .Main 5*34.
/CHINESE AND JAFaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 411% O'FarrelL Tel. E. 424.
COMPETENT GARDENER AND 1-LORIST
Trur.es position to take charge/)f gentleman's
place: reliable references: seven years last posi-
tion: can milk if required. Address Gardener, 308
Stockton st.
BOY OF 14 WANTS TO DO WORK IN STORE
AJ or snort distance in country, for good home and.
small wages; ra'.l after 1-. lo_'2 Mission, basement.
ITUATION WANTED— COUPLE,
C 5 cook and coachman or butler; city or country:
willing, obliging; Scotch. AiEKNETHY, 3JS
Suiter st.
P ECKNT GRADUATE OF THE UNIVERSITY
It of Berlin, a native of Hanover, Germany, de-
sires position In school or family as tutor of the
classics; German, French, gymnastics and otner
branches. Address R«iV. CH Ali W. WEN" I»TK,
1171 Alice st., Oakland, for further Information.
IR.-DO YOU WISH A GOOD, HONEST, IN-
O lelllgent man la your store, office, hotel or pri-
vate residence? If so give me an Interview; md-
dle aged; good address and single: lady or gentle-
man answer. AcJdnss l*. box 126, Call Ollice.
TTXPKRIENCED MAN WANTS OKHCE TO
JCi clean by month; references. Address s , box
75, Call Office,
pENTLKMAN, 36, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
XX tlon, speaking 6 languages well, desires posi-
tion as manager, m. tor or companion in pri-
vate family: salary last Question: excellent refer-
ences. Please address S. 1: stjsknaU, 814 Liir-
kln st.
p ARDENEI-, PBAC I'ICAL IN ALL BRANUH-
VJ es, desires a position on private piace: can
milk and care for horses; reierences. Address
H. M.. box 49, Call. ,
A MAKKKT ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF IHK
*i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
■yOUNO MAN (SPEAKS FRENCH AND
X Knglish) wishes position as clerk In a store or
office: will furnish references.; Address J. DON-
x:i., 518 Uusb St.  '.
VT A LEI— A THOROUGHLY EXPkRI-
V enced man; accustomed to .shave and travel:
first-class references from some of the leading
gentleman in New York City; Scotch; age 32.
Address O. a., box 7a, Call Office.
ft] f: larkin— branch OFFICE of the
's/J. CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
TTORTICI.-LTURIST AND ORCHARDIST OF
XX long experience- in orchard wotk wishes a situ-
ation. Address 8.8 , box 71, this Office.
THIRST-CLASS CAKE BAKER: . CITY OR
T «ountry. O£O. HUBER, By a Moss st
•V? 7 MOHTUOHts&T CONNER Of CI,AY-
'JZ, I open until 9:30 o clock: branch office ot
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
"L) RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
-*■» su— Want ads and Bubncriptions taken. .
BY MAN, AGE 37 YEARS, SINGLE, POBl-
<' tlon in general merchandise slore In country:
experience and recommendations: capable of
keeping books: speaks different languages. Ad-
dress C. EL, box 68, Call Office. -
TNDUSTRIOUS MIDDLK-AGED GERMAN;
-I- handy man with musical Instruments, fair bar-
ber, good gardener and all round handy man; with
best of reference; prefer springs or summer renort-
city or Oakland: fair wages, t., box 58. Call.
O'>Q HAVKS >J. — BHANCJi OFFICJS Of
'Wi/ TH* Call; kubecrip:ion4 ana waut kds
taken..- ■ / ■ .
M ■>lAI.I. HKLP WANTED. - '
TirAITRKSS, COUNTRY t HOTEL. $20; 2
»i waitresses, dtjv*¥ls: waitrenn. restaurant,
city. $6 a week: 1 a girls, second work, city, * 15;
nurse girl, city. «16; : islrl for Oakland, jf.!O: girl
for Alameda, *15; 8 elils, housework, city, Sib.
«20. C. R. HANSEK & CO., 110 Geary st.
Ur ANTED— AMERICAN COOK, - »30; GKR-
' "" man • cook, ; *c 0; "German coot, f 25; second,
German, same p! ace, $20; French nurses. ■?.'&;
girls for housework and assist. LEON ANDRE.
SOB Stockton iv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ERMAN COOK. $25: GERMAN SECOND
VI girl, same house. «20; nurse, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutler st. :
WAITRKSS, TRUCKEE. $16, FARE PAID.
II MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
AITRESS, $5 PER WEEK, SMALL RES-
■ »l tauranu MIsS CULLEN, -utter sU
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $12. MISS CUL-
II I.EN. 323 Sutter su \
"DEFINED YOUNG GERMAN NURSE, $12.
XV Mls> CULLEN, 323 Sutter 8L
"Vr EAT REFINED UPSTAIRS GIRL AND SEW,
1\ $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter su V "
COOK, SAN MATEO. $30. MISS CULLEN,
823 Sutler su .
WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID, $18 PER
month. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
I*IOLORED COOK. $20: COLORED N fRSh, 1
\J child $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
GIRL, CASTRO ST., $17: GIKL, KDDY ST.,
$18: second girl. Clay st., $16 ((.» riuai ): girl.
Kills sU, $16: girl. Waller su. $15: slrl, La»:u.ia,
$16; girl. Pacific aye.. $16; girl for -acramonto.
$16; girl, Devisadero, $15: girl, Marin County,
$15; girl, Ashbury st., $15: girl. Scott st., $15:
girl, Pine si., $15: 17 young girls. $8, $10 and $12
per mouth, assist, etc. MAKTIN <& CO., 749 Mar-
ket su
AITRESS, $5 A WEEK: 2 WAITRESSES.
'» city, $20 and room: waitress, country. $20
and room: waitress, country, $25: cook and wait-
rasa, city, $27 and room: chambermaid and wait,
$15 and ro'tm; pastry cook, $20 and room; dish-
washer, $2 60 per week; 3 young girls as wait-
resses, $12 and room: cook, country. $20 and
room; 2 head waitresses, $25 ana room. MAR-
TIN <fe CO., 749 Market st.
VTEAT GIRL, 2 -IN FAMILY. CALIFORNIA
1> su, $20. MARTIN <t CO.. 749 Market su
tl GERMAN AND SWEDISH GIRLS, $20,
a- Broadway. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
"L-IRENCH |OR GKRMAN GiKL, H >WAKD
X? su, $20. MAUTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL. HARRISON
VJT ■!., $25. MARTIN CO., 749 Market st.
"VfEATGIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK, AMI-
i.I lean family, country town, short distance
from the city. «15; see party here. MURRAY &
RKADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay su
/GERMAN NURSK GIHL, ONE CHILD. $15;
\J German second girl. $20. MRS. LAMBERT,
306 Masoa st.
/CHAMBERMAID AND FIRST-CLASS
V waitress, country. MRS. LAMBEIIT, 306
Mason si. ™ '
GEKMAN CATHOLIC HOUSEKEEPER, $20;
VJ city. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason su
/< OOD GERMAN COOK, $26 TO $30. MRS.
VJT LAMBKRI', 306 Mason su
WANTED— LAUNDRESS. FINE IRONING,
I' $:6; neat I'rotestani girl lor Berkeley, gen-
eral housework, $aj: 3 we: man. Sc in:linavian sec-
ond girls. city and country, $.0; French and Ger-
man nur<e, $20: cook for club, $35; cook for nice
boarding-house, $25: head waiteress, $30; 2 wait-
resses, $6 a week ; tfirls for htinseworK and cook-
Ing, $.0. $25 and $30; young 11 N. lieht house-
work, 5. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 3.0
Suiter st.
"fTOUSEGIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, $25: SCAN DI-
XX navian housekeeper, Oakdale, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 515 Suiter st.
"WAITRESS. PALO ALTO, $20: COOK. MILL
II Valley, $25. MKS. NORTON, 315 Suiter sU
WAITRESS FOR FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
II hotel, $20. R. T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay st.
yoUNOOIRLASSIST CARE 2 CHILDREN;
X good home; Alaiueda; wages $6. Apply 2735
California st.
GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT HOUSE-
work: good home; small wages. 2113 Geary.
WANTED— A GOOD TAILOIIES3 ON CUS-
II torn coats. 609% Natoma st.
VEAT GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK. 2215
IX Jo les st.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIKL FOR GENERA
II i.ousewor* and cooking. 1.08 Geary su,
between 9 and 12.
2 LADY TYPESETTERS WANTED. APPLY'
211 Eddy su, between 8 and 9. .
"yoUNG GIC.L TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK,
X $8. 710 Cole st., near Chutes.
EXPERIENCED SEWERS ON LADIES' AND
J~J children's white work; by the week. 840
.Market st.
l\ ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
*» wors la private iamiiy. Call to-day, 912 Mc-
Allister st.
GinLFoK general housework, call
after 10 a. m., 1111 a Golden Gate aye.
\\rANTiiD— GIRL TO WoRK ON CUSTOM-
II made clothing Immediately. 413 Stevenson su
m WO DRESSMAKERS AND ONE APPREN-
X tice at, 756 Howard st.
\\ ANTED— AN APPRENTICE GIRL FOR
»* dressmaklug. 913 Howard st.
\UANTKD— YOUNG- GIRL TO ASSIST AT
II housework; no cnildren; wages $6. 612 Post.
ri.N'ISHKR ON CUSTOM COATS; MUST
X make buttonholes. 869 Foisom st.
Apprentice WANTED on custom
SX coats. 668 Minna st.
yOU.NU GIRL TO HELP MIND CHILDREN,
X $6 a month. 714 Fulton St.
\y ANTr.D — MIDDLK-AGED WOMAN FOR
II housekeeping. 266 l)ore St., bet. Ninth and
Tenth.
WANTED- EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPER-
II ators; none except first-class operators need
apply. EAGLi^SUN <t Co.. 535 Market su
GOOD FINISHER ON PANTS; ALSO AP-
T prentice. , 627% Geary bu. In rear.
GOOD PANTS FINISHER WANTED. ROOM
VT 36, 402 Montgomery si
PANTS FINISHER.-! AND APPRENTICES;
paid while learning. 10 Turk st.
GIRL, ABOUT 17, LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING;
sleep home. 313 m;i Jose aye.
GIRL FOR GENERAL WORK; MUST
VJT bi*gool cook; reference. Call 9 to 12, 1325
Webster st.
yi.NISHERS WANTED ON CUSTOM-MADE
'coats. 12% Harriet si.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. AMERICAN FAM-
VJT Uy, no washing, $20; girl for second work, *VJ6.
721 Kills st.
\\ r ANTB.I)— FIRST-CLASS COOK > OB PRI-
»* vate boarding-house, wages $25: also 2 girls
for general housework. IIIU SPjiNCkH, 1321
Park St., Ai.uiu-.j.i.
WAKTKU-A SMART YOUNL DINING-
• i room girl wages 84 a week. 1191 Market st.
TAILORKB? ON CUSTOM COATS ANDMAKK
buttonholes; gotd waees. 140 Rus» st Inrenr.
YOUNG GIRL ASSIST LIoHT HOUSE-
X work, 34 Fair Oeks su, near Twenty-second.
ERMAN GIKL FOR GENERAL JJOUSK-
vjr work: small family. 3-101 Geary st.
■yoUNG GIRL, 14. OR 15 Yi.ARS OL.D, TO
JL assist with housework. 433 seventh at.
r\ EitMAN WOMAN FOB PLAIN HOUSK-
iJT work in exchange for practical Instruction In
nursing and midwifery. MRS. UK. FUNKE, 1410
Eighth St., Aluiueda.
2 GERMAN APPRENTICES ON FINE ART
made ladles' costumes. HENRY. WoKTIL
Ladles' Tailor. 1-05 1 eaven worth, nr. California.
PUPILS' WANTED— 8 PKOIAL RATES;
1 bairdressln? 25c. "Up-to- Date" ilalrdresslng
and Mam. r Parlors, 10.0 Market St., parlor 1,
over ••! he Wonder."
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFIICK UP lllifl
" Call: want ads and subscriptions' taken.
tvantkd — pupils >or: millinery
, n school: course practical: class now forming
tor spring work; >ai is* action guaranteed; veiling
dasats. ' i; 1 1 . 2 Geary -t. or 410 i euverj worth st.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 918 Market, r. 54.
/•I LARKI.N — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJL i/ Call: subscriptions and wan; ads. | taken.
T ATKSTSKIiiTS, STYLISH JACKETS, PER-
XJ i>ct-flttlnit waist, patterns cut to order/ 2Sc;
wanted, ladies to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Millinery School. 103 I'os. St.
F LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTIXfU
JC Academy. 14 McAllister at.: $1 a week. :
Til OBT CONVENIENT AND BESPECTABLK;
IVI Winchester Hous*. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night; $1 60 to $i
l>*-r week: free .'bus nuil i.ricaai;' to ami tram ferry.
/ MALE HELP WASTED.
PASTHY COOK. FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
• hotel, *t55; lit ad ' cook, country hotel, $70;
butrlHT, restaurant, city; »12 a week; : cook for a
mini boardtng-houso, $50; cook, hotel, city,
*40; pot«asher, hotel, $25: pantry- boy for springs,
*16.v c. R. HAKsi N & Co.. 110 Geary st.
2NBAT RESTAURANT WAITERS, 10. C.
j R. UANsEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
BROILER, RESTAURANT, $65. C R. HAN-
SEN ACO.. 110 Geary su -
SEAMEN FOR .CHINA AND FOR ALI
parts of coast on coasting vessels. 904 Kcan.y
at., upstairs.
YOUNOMAN OK GOOD ADDRESS: MUbT
X have f 200 cash. Y. M., box 83, Call Office. .
HEtP WANTED-Conrlnnfii.
Of| FARMERS. ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
•VJ hands. $15, $20 and $25; 3 cboiemen and
t-pys lor ranches. $15. $12 and $10: stableman.
city, $35; gardener, see bess here; sheepsliearor,
near city; worltl^g foreman ; or a rancn. VTK-
• : AV <fc READY, Leading Kmp'oyroeat Agents.
634 and 636 Clay st.
JACK KIRBY AND WIFE. PLEASE IRE-
port. .%i L'RRAY <S KEADY. 634 and 656 Clay.
3 JAP COOK-, FARE PAID. DIFFERENT
Diaces. S2f> and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
. . , ,
/• CARPENTERS FOR A LARGE RANCH.
U MURRAY A KEADY, 634 and 686 Clay st.
"/I WOODCHOPPEKB FOR DIFFERENT
«JV/ places. MUKKAY * KEADY, 634-636 Clay.
Xl laborers, city anii country. $i 60
'and $175 per day MURRAY <fe KKaDY,
Leading Employment Ageuis. 634 and 6^6 i lay.
; QUARKYMEN. $1 75 TO *2 A DAY.' MUR-
"I i.AY * KEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH FUR A COUNTRY SHOP;
camj) blacksmith, near city. MUKRAYdt
READY. 684 and 636 Clay st.
AN AND WIFE FOR A MINE: WIFE TO
cook, man to, tabor: $40 and found. MUR-
RAY <fe Rc.AijY, 634 and 636 Hay st.
UPERINTENDENI' FOR A VI.NbYAKD:
see boss uore; $50 and found. MURRAY <fc
READY, 634 and 6be Clay St.
O COOKS, DIFFERENT PLACES. $30, $40
W and *50: 3 Walters, $-J5; 2 dishwashers, $15
aud $20; tailor, country snop. $9 a week; ranch
cook; second cook and other places. M L'RRAY <fc
KEADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 ana
636* Clay st.
9 QUARTZ-MINERS, MACHINE DRILI , $3 A
"ay; second cook, lunehbouse, $35: farmer
and wife with family; solUitor for milk route;
pressboy, $5 a week: farmhand, Si 6. R. T.
WARD & LO., 608 and 610 clay st.
\I' ANTED— STABLEMAN, $20; FARMERS;
" milkers: married man to care for place; 3
miners, $J 50 day: ironer for country, $25 and
found, and others. Apply to J. F. CKObETT 4
Co., 62b Sacramento su
\\' ANTED— COOK WHO UNDERSTANDS
»» Kalson style, $65 and Increase; American
head waier for dairy kitchen. $40: neat waiter for
nice restaurant, $40; ranch cook; restaurant sec-
ond c. -ok $8 wee*; English butler, f 35; second
l)u lei, $30 and found. .\jiDly to;j. F. CKOsKTT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento su
WANTED 4 WOODCHOI'PKKS, SONOMA
»" i onnty, 4-foot wood. $1 25 a cord; 2 farm-
hands for san Ma;eo Count y, $20 to $-!.*> a month
and found: 2 German farmhands for bonoma
County. $15 to 20 and Jound: 2 vineyardlsts. long
j"b. $l 0 and fou.-d. boy lor groctrv-store, $10 and
found. W. D. biWKB & CO.. 626 Clay St.
\Y ANTED — A OOOD GKNEKAL BLACK-
"> smitti for country shop. $2 60 a day; horse-
slioer for country shop. *1 50 to $2 50 a day, ac-
cording :o ability. W, D. EWEK <fe CO., 626 Clay.
\\ T ANTKD-DISHWAf-HER >OK COUNTRY
" hotel, nice p:ace, $20 i.nd founu; cook for re-
sorl, $36 aud toui:d: also farmers, teamsters, wall-
ers, milkers, etc. rt\ D. EWJ4K A CO., 626 Cl»y.
Vol'XG MAN FOR PORTER AND BAR
A work. $20 and room: waller, $20 aud room;
waiter, *25 and room: second cook, $30 and room;
an assistant cook, $50: cook, $6 a week: cook.
$30 and room; young man as waiter, etc, $12 and
room; pastry cook, $20 and room; bellboy, $3 a
wenk: ■ horeboy, ranch, $10: boy to wash dishes,
etc., $£ a week, board and room: errand-boy, $. a
week, board and room; lunch and dinm-r waiters;
boy to drive team, $4 a week, etc MARTIN <t
CO., 749 Market su
pARIUAGE BLACKSMITH HELPER, *7 A
\J week. MAR iIN <fe C.J., 749 Market st.
CO.ATMAKER FOR COUNTRY. REISS
KJ BROS. & CO., 26 butter st.
\\r TED— BOY APPRENTICE BY TAILOR.
»» 225 O'Farrell st.
Hi-LPER FOR BAKERY; ONE WITH EX-'
perience preferred. 613 Post st.
SOLICITOR FOR JOB PRINTING; SALARY I
0 or commission. S. P.i box 135. Call Office.
■ . I
\rASTED-A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT i
' » cook at 43 Second st.
MIDDLE-AGED FOR COALYARD:
i'l $I."> per month and board. Call 7a. k., 629
nalght st.
11" ANTED— CoATMaKER-* To WORK IN-
'» side; also errand-boy. 14 McAllister, room 19. \
TRONG BOY TO LEARN CARRIAGE |
0 blackHmithlng: one with experience preferred;
references required. 828 Harrison st.
GOOD TAiLORS ON CUSTOM COATS.
all early, 7"J4V2 Market su. room 27.
"Iir ANTED— A MAN IN KITCHEN WHO UN-
»' dersiands cooking. Apply 1805 Height st.
XTOXJHQ MAN TO WASH DISHES, $10 PER
X month. 160 Third st.
/-> EN ERAL TAILOR WANTED. 200 GOLDEN
vJ Gate aye.
OFFICE BOY; AGED 16; RESIDING WITH
parents: reference. 130 Powell st.
TV" ANTED— FIHST-CLASS PAN IS SOLICI-
»' tors, with references. Eagle Pants Company,
20 Stockton sU
rpAILOK AND TAILORESS APPRENTICE.
X 777 Seventh St., opposite station, Oakland.
PRESSER AT 22% GEARY, ROOM 19; NOT
X before 9 a.m.
pHARLEY SMITH, TAILOR FROM HONO-
\J la v, call at 1073V9 Market su A. SCHUENE-
MANN.
STEADY MAN, ?15 A WtEK; MUST LOAN
employers2oo; A 1 security. Call 236 Third.
COATMAKERS WANTED AT 106 BATTERY
street.
t.;-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD LOCATION;
— '£ sunny living-rooms: yard; old stand; rent or
sale; owner going to country; bargain. Apply
call Office. ;;■ •;
PAINTER'S OUTFIT FOR SALE VERy
X cheap: thre» falls, ladders, wail paper, paint,
etc.: on account of leaving city. Call at once at
1 a ntshop, 276 Tehama st., near Fourth.
2 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: 16c; DOING GOOD
— business. 1944 Market st.
TNDUSTRIOITS MAN TO DO ABOUT 3
X hours' housework dally in exchange for room.
1007 Market eu
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS— WANTED, MINERS,
prospectors »nd colonists to join the party now
formed to leave San Francisco .May on the fast-
sailing clipper bark Mermaid. For passage and
other particular* apply to A. S. LOWNDES, 506
Battery st. , room 6.
"IirANTED— MEN EVERYWHERE TO ACT
"• as private detectives and er Instruct. ions; ex-
perience anaecessnry. Universal Detective
Agency, Indianapolis, Ind.
BOYS, BETWEEN 15 AND 17 YEAKS OF
age, apply at .00 Sutler st.
|)ARBKRS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCUS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN i>AK I. Ki;.V K>iPLOYMK^r
O tectetirr .H. BKRNA RD. 103 treventh 8 L
FIRST-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
. International Union Free Employment Bureau.
34 Fourth hu, the Mod. m. I. LESS, Secretary.
ANTE D— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
''trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required, S. F. Barber College, 138y 8 Eighth.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863VJ MARKET BT.-ICOOiAd
20c, 26c to 600 nldht: *1 to $2 wee*.
ANTED— IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
» » of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
<ir e i??> : , l I ; v , may brln * }on wealth. • Write JOHN
WEDDERIJURN&CO., Dept,. ■L, Patent Attor-
"l ya - %^ BshiD Kton, D. C, for their $1800 prue
offer and new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
rpilE ROSKDALE. 321 CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-house uor:h of Market si. •
ll'ANThli-LABORERS AMD MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Kolktn. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hoasa, 217 Third st. ■ Hit
mrge rooms; 25c per night; »l to *3 per week.
EKiMON wants 100 mk» to get box-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay
"I (i 7 NINTH SI. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
X\J I 'iuc call; subscription aua wane ads.
taken. ■',-'-.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, *2 60; cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-band hhoes. »39 Howard su
QINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
tOatid 75c week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howad.
"L* *■- CRUITS WANTED for the. U. 8. MA-
XV rina Corps, U. B. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citisen* of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: mast be of good character an. l habits
and able to speak,' read and write - English and be
between 6 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height For
further Information apply at the Recruiting Oiliest
20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal. . x
9^9^ MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
— *J-j\J mi uix; subscriptions ana wauc ada
taken. . "*■-..- ■•"w - •:* .- • -•■-'. '■ -.'_
ESOLUTIONS ENGKOSSED, DIPLOMAS
XX, filled out & all kinds of penwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Ueald's Bnslnrss College, 21 Post »L ;
ljiOß GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CKS-
X tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1584 Market St.. bet.
J .ark in , and : City Hall . aye., or 7*« Mission su;
large stock new and . second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made .0 order, any style, f3 up.,, ; .. ;' .-'.
'.\kj ANTED, TOl OLLECTWA'JEs DUE LABOR-
'» ersAclerks KNOX Collection Agcv, 110 sutter.
fPRY ACMJfi HOUSK, *o/ MARKET JsT.. BiS- .
X low Eixui. lor a room; . i&t a night: * 1 v week.
DOOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; To SI 60
XV per week. Oriental, 246 Drumin sL
fTFXT» WANTKT>— Cnntfnn*";
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
ihr (.ALT. are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
1 f\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
IUU and 20c a, night. Including coffea ana roUs.
t>24 Washington su. near Kearny.
K>T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 *5, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesrtorff sts.
1 I'H NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
I'll '1 hm Call: subscription and want ads
taken.
ANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
" shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait:' ladies' soling, 35c; men's
soling. 60c; tine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes been damaged t y water at
less tl;a:i one-fourth ■ their value, from 75c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
1 TOO MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOES, BEEN
J. I \J\J damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 'M 662 .Mission su,
bet. First and Second.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 160 A DAY; $1
week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 a wee*,
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay at.
\\' INCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Marxet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bin and barrage to and from the terry.
boardi.no wanted.
"\rOUNG MAN WANTS BOARD AND ROOM
J. wiih home privileges in Spanish family : speaks
Spanish: was 7 years in last lace; best of refer-
ence as to honesty: state terms; must be reason-
able. Address C. K. YOUNG, International Hotel,
City. ..... . .
ROOMS WANTED.
SINGLE LADY WANT* ROOM PRIVATE
family, near Columbian building; state price.
Ad ;ress & L.. box 138, < all Dnice.
WANTKD-MISCKLtAXEOUh.
WANTED— WAGON OR RUNNING-GEAR:
1 i/a iron or 2% wood axles. Address \\\, box
11, Can.
anted— to Exchange PAID-UP life
policy ($2800) for building lot. Address \v.,
box 11, Call..
i»iii ins...-, BOUOUT; lumber, SASHF4
JL> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 116S Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 10U Sixth St.: bend postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. i>K. y. k'.'^FhTS^vorl'd'sPmost
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are interested In the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds mid mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you; it
you care .to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on ibis gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a.m.to 6 p. if., stricu N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Bend stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket St., parlors 26 and -6. lake elevator.
MMX. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, lutnre; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; name* given; good advice: sore
help; restores lost lova by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. »2» Post su. nr Larkln.
MME.. ARNDT, GERMAN FORTUNE-TEL-
ler, returned from Europe: life, cradle to
grave; picture husband, wife; fee 60c up. 957
Harrison st.
MIC. MELBOURNE, GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. - 419
Geary st., room 22, second floor: only 26c. .
■\«ME. RKMIEK INVITES SKEPTICS;
■LVf clairvoyant and "psychological palmist. 616
Jones su
GYPSY LIFE HEADER. 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 26c, gents 50c; all questions answered.
ME. MORE AU. BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st,
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 2&c up. Fourth
SEX A MEDIUM OF MIRACULOUS POWER
ana luck; 25c. one price. 41 Minna, basement.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA ST, ; CARDS:
ladles 25c, cents 50c. 9&1 Mission, nr. Sixth.
RS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 Fifth st.: water readings specialty.
ISS PEARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
East; magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye.. r. 7.
TTiTUEL GRAY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
Xl<er and palmist. 1 lti'j Mission »t-,bet. 7thand Bth
MMX. BTBIItUf I KLL-i FROM CRADLK TO
grave; pictcre-t plren:Udles 25c: (>l4 O'FurrelL
"™"^^ .— — —^-^— .^— — »
MIIIIIIAI.IMI.
\? rTeN DShTp~iTaLU 326 MCALLISTER—
J. Test circle: four good mediums: 2to 8 p m.;
testa to all; flowers, articles and letters read;
everybody welcome.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments. mining speculations a speciality. B3B Mission
V. MILLER, ETHERJSALIZING, MA-
• torlalizlng, trumpet seance; BP. m. 535 Post
St.; 35 cents.
VI ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
I'l 10 cents; convincing tests. 418 McAllister.
ADDIE SWAIN'S CIRCLE; WED. AND FRI.
eve.; 10c ; sittings dally.. 114 Junes s;.
\J RS. FULTON— SLATE-WKITI>G SEANCE
iX to-night, 50c: sittings dally. 31 Fel< st.
MKS. MAYO STEERS. SPIRIT MEDIUM
I'l and healer. 112% Oak at.: readings 11 to 2.
MR--. C J. MEYER, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
tests to all; dr. ato 8 P. M. ; 10c. ; sittings.
\\ Rfc*. J. J. WHITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
ItX for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
M. J-UANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halsht St.; hours 9 until 6p. M.
R». H. A. GRIFFIN-CIK. SUN. EVK.; 25c:
test rat*. Thur. eve.: sUs dally. 4261/2 Grove
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, *5 : DISEASES
xx and habits cured. Oil. Institute, 1346 Market st
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails: also taught. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
PHRENOLOGY.
PROF. BEHRENS READS CHARACTER BY
X the bead 01 men and women as an open book;
adaptability In business and marriage. 131 'Mont-
gomery St.
JLOST.
LOST— LADY'S GOLD WATCH AT SUTRO
■i Baths or between baths and car between 13
and S. Return to 6 I'lue pi., off i'iue st. . bet. Mason
and Taylor, and receive reward. ' ■
1 OST— APRIL 12, A LARGE DIAMOND BUG
XJ pin, with ruby eyes, »■ Zinkand's restaurant,
near the entrance, at the scales. Finder will re-
ceive a good reward by returning It to 2116 Cali-
fornia St. \" -.--,.■.
T"OST— GOLD BOWLING MEDAL. FINDER
Xj re ceive reward by returning to 440 Vs sixth.
LOST— BLACK FEATHER BOA; LIBERAL
J-i reward. Return this office.
LOST— a PASS-BOOK WITH THE hiber-
ii ia Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
In the name of MARY K. SMITH. No. 141,488.
The finder will please return to bunk.
LOST— SMALL FOX-TERRIER DOG: BLACK
spot on left side:. brown and black: on head;
answers to the name of Ben. Return to 1634b
Howard st.. ard receive reward.
LIVER AND . WHITE . SETTER PUP ■ LOST
Xj near Steiner ana Union sts.: liberal reward.
Return to hiw. cor. Steiner and Pacific sts..
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBtRNIA
J savings and Loan Society of Han . Francisco,
In the name of JOSEPH FAHY, No. 210,748.
The finder will please return to bank.
SUITABLE REWARD PAID FOR THE RE-
turii to fruit stand, corner Mission and Sixth
sts., of young fox-terrier bitch; answers to Nellie.
RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NIXTH
St.: .; want ads and subscriptions taken. -' ; :r--
FOUND. .
pAMETH PREMISES, LA RUE BAY HORSE
\J white spot on forehead; two white feet S. 8
F.. 1310 Fifteenth aw.
: . ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FRKE-. DIVOUCK LAWS A BPEC-
ialty; private; no fee without success: probata,
insolvency, 'Wills, collections,' bills; of sale, deeds,
damages, etc: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
; 6. W. UQWK, 850 .Market st. corner i Stockton st.
A DVICK FKKK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
J\. ctssful. W. W. DAVIDSON. ; 927 Market st*
KW. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHKOX-
. icle building; advice tree: low re all cases.
PROFESSION All CAKDS. = ;
f OH» 'k. RICH ARdV LA ROOfIS
O*UU; and' 27, Crocket . BiuUiin*; mivvuom liaia ■
76, t*u irjuiciaco. Cat:. :.".'--
BUSINESS CHANCES.
p ROCERYI BUBINKSS (WITHOUT A BAR),
vT on busiest street In town; has a fine paying
cash trade: good horse and wacon: rent low: po-l-
tive value in stock: sacrifice. M. LEsS, 6 Fourth.
A Corner family* LIQUOR STORE
• on prominent business street, one block from
Market; extra large stock: one of the best places of ]
this kind In town. M. LEss. 6 Fourth st.
IOH RESTAURANT: u.Nf. <l" Mliii
ypXJL\'\J. best paying of Its kiud aiross ihe
bay-, Dositlve proof furnished that the receipts are
■.1000 or more per month: fine private dining-
rooms; everything first-class throughout: cheap
rent; lease; practically no opposition; in present
owners' bands 7 years; easily worth $.000 of any
i one s money: owners have large interests In
mines which demand their immediate attention.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth St.
fltl 7^ SALOON; BET. KEARNY AND
<IPJ- '"/• Montgomery sts.; rent only $30: doing
a good, profitable business; must be sold at once;
owner leaves for the East. Apply M. LESS, 5
Fourth su vv . *■ ,*- .^-.
,
<%QOn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
*FtJ\J\J. most desirable portion of the Western
Addition; lar^e sUKk; nicely fitted up: sacrifice.
M LESS, 6 Fourth su
(ft n 0 GROCERY AND BAR WITH 6 LIV-
«IPOW. ing-rooms; neighborhood of shops,
factories, etc.: remonly $25; established 15 years.
M. LESS, 6 Fourth su
<J1?1 f\C\(\ FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
«E)XWU. bar on on- of principal streets, a few
blocks north of Market: • legimt fixtures; large
stock; more than value in sight; a gift. M. LESS,
6 Fourth su
OCA FRUIT AND POULTRY BUSINESS
— OX.', in busiest portion of the Mission; good
horse and wagon: 3 living-rooms: cheap rent; big
yard and stable: good for married couple. M.
LESS, 6 Fourth st.
Q> f</iA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; IN
«]pUUU. liveliest location south of Market st.:
cheap rent; -living-rooms; large stock; big bar
business; established corner; for a bargain see
this. M. LESS, 3 Fourth st»
<!t9nn SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
%ip^.\J\J. close to Third and Market Bts.; living-
rooms; rent $50; make offer. WILKE, Market.
QiA^d BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 Ll V-
fjpriO\J. ing-rooms; rent $22; a genuine good
business offer: dally receipts $14: kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Market st.
Q£(\A CORNER GROCERY AND BAB;
«JPU'"I7. living -looms: choicest location in
Western Addition; first-class paying business;
widow must sacrifice. WILKK, 783 Market st.
/"\LD-KSTABLISHED SALOON; CHOICEST
\J location on water front; doing a large first-class
paying business: net rent only $20: Investigate;
■ a genuine business offer; would trade for
ranch. WILKE, 783 Market st.
<siQnn ELEGANTLY* FITTED UP SALOON,
«IPOV/V/. opp. City Hall, with clubroom; side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Market su
©ftp: A SALOON ON THIRD ST., CLOSE
<4P"JU"J. to new Call building: doing good pay-
Ing business; must sell at once: disagreement of
partners. WILKE, 783 Market sU
ffijQAA THE BEST OYSTER AND CHOP-
«IPOUU. house In Oakland: clears $200 a month;
private rooms; big day and night trade; owner Is
sick and must sell; invesilga c this and make
offer. STENBERG <fc CO., 632 Market sU
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
tnre, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer/
stocks. STEN BERG, 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
©On SALOON: MUST BE SOLD IN BDAYB;
tIPOl". living-rooms: good for married couple;
owner leaving city. bTENBERG CO., 632 Market.
<JJ» 1 n/| BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS;
tJpT:W. good stock; living-rooms; low rent; see
this and make offer. STENBKRG, 632 Market sU
MANUFACTURING AND REPAIRING ES-
-ltL tablishment: fully equipped; rnn past 26
years;« Always made money; suited for man and
wife; 9 hands employed; good outside trade; in- I
vestigate this. STEN BERG & CO., 632 Market.
$[AA BUTCHERSHOP: GOOD CORNER
iIPTUw. Western Add. rent $16 60: only $1860,
Including staoie; cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep, 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. STENBERG, 632 Market.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for cash? 60 saloons, groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY, 917 Market sU
CJ9AA BRANCH BAKERY AND DAIRY
»U— \J\J. produce store; living-rooms: receipts
from $8 to $10 dally; HEALY, 917 Market su
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR DOING A
good business which can be much improved:
billiard and pool tables; old established place in
good business neighborhood; no agents. C. G., box
137, Call Office.
Qf-CA FOR SALE; OLD-ESTABLISHED
tip UOV/. coffee-saloon and restaurant In one of
the leading streets. Ai ply this office.
OUNG LADY, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, desioes gentleman partner. BSO Market
su, room a.
ANDY, ICECREAM AND FACTORY:
first-class location; reasonable. Apply Call
Office. '.r'.'v
<J»1 CA GOOD PAYING SALOON ON THIRD
(JlwU. St.; rent only $20; must be sold; par-
lies going to Alaska. Apply 46 Third st-, room 1.
pESTAURANT AND COFFEE HOUSE FOR
it sale; good steady trade; owner going to the
old country. 102 lownsendsU, opposite depot.
T-OR SALE— A WKIiL-PAYING SAUSAGE
-T factory and delicacies store on Market st.; on
account of sickness. Inquire Call Office.
C*Q-r GROCERY' AND DELICACIES;
«3>O 4 «J. candy store with furniture; $15 rent;
3 living-rooms. 1037 Folsom st. ; store.
COUNTRY' HOTEL FOR SALE OR RENT; 15
V* bedrooms: bar; range, etc.; good opening. Ap-
ply RUDOLF GHAEK, Gllroy, Cal.
Tj-INE CHANCE FOR A STICKER HAND
-T with about $500. 11., box 71, this office.
GOOD PAYING FRUITSTORE FOR SALE
cheap. Apply Call Cfflc».
pOOU-PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALE:
\J owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE
\J cheap. Apply 331 bixth st. ; no agent.
OR SALE VERY CHEAP— BEST CASH
irult business in Oakland: this Is a snap for
someone. J. JIcVAY, 152 Fifth sU, Oakland.
PARTNER, SMALL CAPITAL, INVEST IN
X good money-making business. 827 Mission. -
WANTED-STEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
TV position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO-
catlon, 8 rooms, kitchen, including furniture;
rooms bring rent; cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific
1,-INE BAKERY, WITH HORSE AND
1 wagon, for sale cheap; good opportunity to the
right party. Inquire at this office; address
hmitt.s bakery, cor. Twenty-second and Do-
lores sts.
fijOAAA WELL-KNOWN HEALTH RE-
»Jpt"UUU. sort, hotel and livery stable at rail-
road station in prosperous mining district; $2500
a year profit; 5 acres of laud: hotel of 30 rooms,
completely furnished. H. M. WOOLLEY, 632
Market st.
flj. Ai\f\ RETIRING FROM BUSINESS I
<3Tt:«JU . offer for sale my half Interest in a very
Rood office; trial given. Address B. c. box 74,
Call Office. ..-«.. v
ANDY, ICECREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
plies for sale: nr. school; 4 my living-rooms;
bath; reas. 2926 a Washington su, nr. Broderick.
TNSURANCE BROKERS WHO WISH TO
X dispose of their good will and lists are Invited
to address Insurance Agent, box 58, Call Office.
To LEASE— OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, MAY-
field. Santa Clara county: rent $25 per month.
F. P.KITCHARI>, 12 Market St., 5. F.
SUNNY* FRONT ROOM. WITH BOARD;
home comforts; reasonable. 133 Diamond St.,
bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
OH 1 OP". WILL PURCHASE PROFITABLE
»lp I/.«J established business stock, tools, etc.
J. X., box 89, all office.
A LOON: GOOD " LOCATION: DOING GOOD
business : for sale on account of other business
616 Kearny sU
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN^
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon. .
HOTEL' FOR SALE— 26 ROOMS; RENT $30.
3377 Twenty-sixth su, near Mission.
Good PAYING SALOON for sale: GOOD
reason: no agrnts. Address 259 Third st
fflji fiAA GROCERY', BAR; CHOICE LOCA-
tjP±.\JKI\J. tion: or will trade for paper route.
Address W., box 97, alt Office.
CANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
\J notion store for sale; Fourth «v. near broad-
gauge depot. Address A. PILTZ. ban Rafael, CaL
J>Orr CORNER CIGAR-STAND. SE. COR.
«H?Z(t». Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts.
FINE EXPRESS : TEAM AND WAGON;
must be sold at once. 211 Larkln U.
"yoUNO WIDOW wants a GENTLEMAN,
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post su
ANTED— KENT A FURNISHED DIN-
»♦ in.-rcom. ■ L. M., box 69. call Office.
rj r(\ . FilUlT. . POULIRY, GROCERY
•ID • O\J. store; good horse and wagon. 3392
Mission st
pENTLEMAN,. PARTNER WANTED BY
VT young lady; small capital. Room 2, 1016
Maritet ,or 11 Kddy. •■."::,-
HALF 'INTEREST-. IN HORSESHOEING-
shop; v cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st.
ITY . hOUl'i. FUR BALJi APPLY THIS
Office, .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
DARTXER WANTED WITH $1000, IN A
X cleaning and renovating works. ; Address P.
W. box 104, c all Office.
T\RUGSTORE: HANDSOMEST STORE IN
\J the City (inland); no cot rates: best reasot.^
for selllni;. . ,\<lrt:»ss Drugs, box 139. Cal' Office. J |
LODGI><J-HOUSKS FOR SALE.
OfCf\f\ LODGiNG-Hi'USE OF 23 WKljL-
«lpuUv. furnished rooms: cheap ren:: excel-
lent loc tion ; Ir yon want a bargain see this house. -
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st. ■ - .
C%A ROOM- ON MARKET ST $ 850
Z4 14 rooms, only • •• -250
20 rooms: corner: new 'd",,
14roomson Sutter. BoU
7-room house, only 20U
H. C. DECKKR. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
17r COMPLETELY FURNISHED; NEAR
<P 1 i O. Market st. " :
$360—23 uoms; nicely furnl-hed.
$1700— On Union square: 30 rooms.
$1800— 40 rooms: Stockton st.
Money to loan., SPECK <fc CO.. 602 Market st.
BARGAIN— BUSH ST.. NEAR GRANT AVK.—
«• House of 22 rooms, bar, etc.: rent very low;
all large sunny rooms: furniture can be had if de-
sired. sHAI\\VALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-
-220 Momgomery St.
OOD-- PAYING LODGING- HOUSE; IQO
rooms: Center of town; trial given; goes vry
cheap: no a;ents. Call between 8 nn<l .10 A. M.
BARBE, 406 Sixth street, Dear Haniaou.
HOUSE OF 9 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
must sell; sickness; full of roomers; cheap.
839 Jessie st.
1 nft^ MAKKKT-CHEAP FOR CASH; GOOD
XV/UO paying house; 24 rooms.
TRANSIENT ING-HOUSE: 8 ROOMS
1 and bath; cult bet. 3 and sp. m. 139 Taylor su
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
pETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XX) mast close out slock in 30 days; brusseU car-
pet, 42VaC yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mating, 7a
yard; bedroom sets, S pieces, $9 50; 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $66. sHIREK <& SHIREK, 747
Market st, opp. Grant aye. .
FIRE SALE NOW GOING ON; ENTIRE
stock of Carpets and Furniture damawed by
fire, smoke and water: musi be sold for account of
underwriter!. SHIREK & SHIREK, 'til Market.
I^OR SALE— FURNITURE 4 ROOMS, COM-
X plete for housekeeping, including 70 yards car-
pet; price $90. Address F., box 87, Call Office.
FOR SALE— 3 ROOMS OF FURNITURE; '
cheap 257 a Shipley st.
f-URMTURE, STOVES CARPETS, COUN-
X I ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM;
Buckingham Fur. Co., 86 ti Mission; advances.
HOU>EHOLD RANGES AHE THE BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
EBT PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc. STREET* CRESWELL. Auctioneers. 927
Market au rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety. ,
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see KURD. 211 Larkln,
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPET-OLEANING. So: LAYING. Sc: RUGI
\J samples free: teL Jessie 944. ration. 38th
CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKB
V new. J. McQUEEN, 463 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN.^
Hgr. 38 and 40 i igiith au ; telephone South 250.
W HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beatln^ Works. 353-67 Tehama st. ; teL So. 41).
ADVANCE carpet-clean co., 403
JX Sutler; teL Main 394. GEO. WaLCOM, prop. '
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; lei. South 36. Mackintosh »fc Co.
J WaTTS. reliable carpet-cleaniug renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. leL Jessie 321.
JE. MITCHELL, CAR PET-CUB AN INtt CO '
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 i.
pONKLIN'd CAKPIiT- BEATING WORKS.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 12&
HORSES. j
FOR SALE— MILK WAGON, HORSE AND /
harness. 22 Golden Gate aye. .. _ .... , ..'
SADDLE- FOR SALE — PERSONS
having hoises can have them broke to the sad-
dli;; also less ms given in riding and driving. ' 605
Go: den Gate aye.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;'
sound; in good condition: A 1 roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables. 503 Miner st.
STRONG BUSINESS BUGGY, HORSE AND
harness, good as new, cheap. Nevabie stables,
42 Clay s-
COW (JUST CALVED); GENTLE; EASY
milker; cheap. 923 Fell st.
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR
sale cheap. Devisadero-st. McAllister.
BUGGY HORSE— GOOD ROADSTER; WILL
sell cheau 1112 Golden Gate aye.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., 3.
WATKINS, auctioneer.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
t:v/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every W*l<
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. *
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de- ■
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern.
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister sU, S. F. '
frrv HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OV/buslness 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-sU car
stables. 1301 Turk; team of laree young mules.
P.AA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS-
O\J\J oem: all kinds: buggy, wason. carts, surrer
& roefca ivm : 40 cheap horses. 15th and V»lencli
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SALOON LUNCH SUPPLY WAGON; NEW
_ peddling wagon: business buggy. 1310 Turk.
■\TK\V AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
J.l dry and milk wagon: . also fine top buggy and
rockaway. Ml' B Harrison su
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
(P. 1 /"• " DOMESTIC SE W ING- MA CHINE ; I :
«IP±U. good order. 1915 Mission st.. near 16th.
X^INE ENGLISH MASTIFF, ONE YEAR OLD-
X" $26. Call 12 Eighth st. '
IpOR SALK— NEW AND SECOND-HAND BI-
X 1 cycles, cheap. Call after 5 p. it. 2016 Folaom.
QA-LIGHT I>YNAMO, $40. APPLY THE K.
OU a. SMITH CO., 5'J7 Mission su
CA-HORSEPOWER ENGINE AND BOILER.
O\J complete for first-class steam plant. Address S
box 113. call Office. «*«»
SAFES— NEW AM) SECOND-HAND. 609
Market su '
ICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $45; BIG
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail.
216 McAllister su Wholesa.e, 61 First su
REAM SEPARATOR (NO. 2 BABY): IN USE
Vj ouly 4 months; *80; cost $160; new. Apply
1 69 second su ,S. r\ rr >
ODA FOUNTAIN, $90: COST $200. APPLY
159 Second su, S. F. "-%i
j lit'j;*. HANDSOME, ROLL-POP CHERRY
tSOO. office de»k; cost $85. 1524 Pacific st.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $lo EACH-
in perfect order. H. s. WHjte, 516 Mission.'
\*K\V CASU-lltGlbTEl.S FOB SALh OR TO
IN renu. Maguire, 130 Sansom» St., room 9. '
I>OILERS,ENUINE.S,JD-HAN D MACHINERY •
D water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wo| pma nj ,187 B ealfc
Tj-INE BLACK ju IT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOTH.
X ing parlors, 613 Montgomery su
pbFFEK MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRES3,
\J stand desk, money tin, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
OAKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
SJ ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
tTrGE~POUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ banksaf*; cheap. a Mission su
ivARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
J.^ cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
ctore and office lnrnitur.' and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NUONAJV. 1017-lOltt-1021-lo!lJ
Mission a:., above sixth.
N*w V M IL -i M^ V O O 1 P RA -*GBH ARE THE BEST.
■I* W. ti. KAY MFG. CO, 12 California su
0" NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZES
are and burglar proof safe 109-111 Market at
BICYCLES.
p^H^R^E^A^^EiirToTr^XLir^R
xx will exchange lor high grade single. 2111
Oreenw.ch st. *. '
T «7n DE^ 8 ' "96" PATTERN, GOOD AS NEW,
whfLs. n d n^ a d: bargains in second - hand
26 G«ry"u "* Bazaar ceyec ' c departmenwHOC9K9 TO LET.
A7"ERY SUNK V 6 ROOMS'; ALL MODERN ;
' large yard: cars.. 17-0 Flllmore su '• .
(£1 A TO LET. CHKAP-A 6-> O M HOUSK
»/ 1"7 a^rt basement. 1145 Folsora St., bet.
A a'.h and Eigh.h. . ; '■•"-:>, \*' : ;
4] OUSEOF6 ROOMS; NEWLY RENOVATED;
»i large yard. 12U5V«» Golden Gateave.; apply
4 ROOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR,
ti KB Na.oma st-. near fourth.
OZY HOME) SUNNY SIDE BUTTER, 832;
V- nice locality; call soon tor key at 83U.
rpo LET— HOUSK OF 4 LARGE, SUNNY
I rooms: f8 50. 1313 York st. ..;.. j
T7KLL ST., BKT. POLK AND VAN NESS
I aye.: sunny side; 2-story buy-window; 7 rooms
and bath. Apply to «.. s. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 415 Montgomery st. "
RANNAX— SUNNY SIDE; above SEC-
ond; 2-story house: 6 rooms and bath: rent
low to a good tenant. Apply to C 8. CAPP & CO..
Keal fcstaie Agents. 41 i Montgomery st.
FARRELL, BET. MASON AND T\YLOF-
Rear house of 3 rooms. Apply to <-. X LAI P
<t Cu., Real Esiat Agents, 416 Montgomery st.
1 EXINGTO.V AV-. (FORMERLY. STKVEN-
iJ son St.). bet. Mission and Valencia, Twentieth
and Tw»-Dt -tirsr--N<-«t 2-story house; 6 rooms
end bath: rent low to a pood tenant. Apply to C.
S. (.-Apr A CO., Heal Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st. _■-.;■' '.'•■•■''
II /- MISSION i INK NEW ■ BRICK
1 1-tO house: just finished: 25 room* and b»tb:
rent rerv low to r ght party. G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery st.
O""Afi WASHINGTON— 7 .ROOMS; BATH;
*-O\JV iirst-class condition; location, large gar-
den. ...
TNNY HOUSE. BATH. YARD. HAMPTON
place, off Folsom, bet. second and 'third sts.
I, ARG A IN— MUST st.LL; NEW HOUSE; 5
J> rooms and lot 50x125: Ix V. water: outhouse;
nice garden. App yat 250 I.obos st., Ocean View. .
4 TWENTY-SEVENTH — HOUSE 6 ROOMS
'1 and bath: stationary tubs in annex, next to
kitchen; electric-cars nt corner and Valencla-st.
line next bock; » cozy, comfortable borne, for
family and cood tenants will be appreciated; $17,
v. aierfree; key at grocery. MADISON »t BURKE,
Agents. ■
*>1 90 MASON. near LOMBARD— B-ROOM
— I— «-> house and bath; newly renovated: rent
$15.
UN NY 10- ROOM HOUSE; MODERN. IM-
provements; low rent. 3522 Nineteenth st.
HOUSKS TO KEN 1 FOR VERY LITTLE
money nt BALDWIN Si HOW ELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
1 99H BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 1IOOMS:
J Au" yard: rent reasonable to a pood tenant.
FURNISHED HOUSES. _^
V 4 "fin^"GmjVFTsTT^URNISHErt HOUSE 10
JiUO rooms and bath: large garden, stable,
etc.: rent reasonable. Apply on premises or G. H.
UMB^KN, 18 Montgomery st. '
IUKSISHKD IXATS.
SUNNY' FURNISHED MODERN FLAT, 6
rooms, cheap: 2514% Suttersl. Apply 12 to 2.
f.Q' UPPER FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST., 1
«3*«J«). bloc* from park panhandle: 7 rooms;
bath: laundry. WM. NJCOL. 534Vs California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY COTTAGF.S OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth st.
PIEDMONT— PRETTY FURNISHED COT-
JT lase: 3 rooms: rent $6. Address 273 sixth St.,
Oakland.
(T.-IA AND ?8 50; 3 COTTAGES; 11 RUSSELL
V 1 -«• '-' st. 31 ay 5.., off Clay, near Mason. : : .
'c. - REAR COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; BASE-
*Ii i • ment; water free. 339 Jersey at.
C± I X NICE COTTAGK; 6 ROOMS; BATH:
«Jp JO. tunny; yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye. ■
SUNNY COTTAGE* OF 4 AND 6 BOOMS,
bath; basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sis.
TO LET -COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
rent 18. ■ 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
ctPTq A NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4
tJT JO. roor..i. 14i/% Moss St., bet. Sixth and
Seventh, nr. Howard.
1 ll\R POST— 3, 4 AND 5 ROOM FLATS;
1 I UO bains; garden: rent $15.
i(\ 3 TO 5-ROOM COTTAGES AND FLATS 96
'iU 10 tIZ. sPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
2 FLATS OF 3 AND 4 ROOM-". UNFUR-
nlshcd; rent $9 and 910- Inquire 629 Sixth st.
TO LET— 4 ROOMS AND BATH; 904 MiNNA
st. Apply 116 Tenth st. rv.V
Ql Q GEARY-5 SUNNY ROOMS IN GOOD
yiu order: rent 917.
-I 99Q MCALLISTER— 2 MODERN FLATS: 6
1 —— if and 7 rooms: $25 and $iO; see them be-
fore renting elsewhere.
FLAT 3 ROOMS*. 254 HARRIET ST., BET.
Harrison and Bryant, near iSixth; rent low.
1 JT I 1 MI-SION.NEARELEVENTH-4 AND
1 f) I 1 b rooms, bath, laundry; rem 918 and $14.
P A RELY BEAUTIFUL; NW. COR. BUTTER j
Xt r.ai Scott sis. : 6 big rooms; £27 SU; water free;
appreciated If teen. Key 2800 Srutterst.,cor ecott.
TIPPER AND LOWER FLATS, 3 AND 4 I
U rooms, 88 and •* 10. 24 Washington aye., bet. |
Mission and Howard, Ninth and Tenth.'
TTPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH; MOD-
U crn improvement*. 314V5t Fell.  -
rOfll TURK-SUNNY FLAT; SRHOMSAND I
O— bath: large yaid and cellar; rent 926 50:
no children.
JQ.7I HAIGHT. NEAR FILLMOBE— FLAT I
~tCjl-i 4 large sunny rooms; yard: basement;
$11.
Ql ?: LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
tITIU. 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain bath., '
$1K LOWER FLAT;. 1411 GUERRERO,
(^XO. near ?6th; 5 rooms; porcelain bath.
0 NKW UPPER SUNNY MODERN' *LATB.
« — 935 Golden Gate aye. and 615 Grove St. .
1 7 NEW FLATS AND 9 NEW HOUSES '
X I ready April 10; low rents. SPECK * CO., j
602 Market st.
fi].t;r SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, CARPETED !
ilp£O. and cooking range. Keys 828 Lombard. :
<I% 1 A AND 918; NEW FLATo; NX. COB. '
«Tl" Go. den Gat« aye. and Lyon Et. ; 6 and 6
rooms arid bat each: all modern conveniences;
newly painted and decorated; see them. SHAIN-
WALD, BCCKBt-E A. CO., 218-220 Montgomery
street.
r.O/4 6 LARGE BOOMS; 2 STORY, WITH
fJ»Z.U. large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fifth
ri. , near Castro.
918— 6 rooms: porcelain bath: 1417 Guerrero
St., Dear Twenty-sixth.
916—5 rooms; porcelain bath; 642 a Castro st.,
near Nineteenth. . . •,'••■-■".: " ; ,
FLATS TO LKT FOR VEX* • LITTLE !
money at BALDWIN <fc HOWKLL'S, 10 Mont- ■
ornery st.
PHEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
V rooms. $hio 16: ■»■> th»m. 623 «<"venth st. ,
HOUSEKEEriNO BOOMS.
California Street. • .- >/ ■
1 ?! 1 Q CALIFORNIA— LARGE RUNNY UN- !
]0 1 <D furnished, parlor floor, bath, storeroom, '
hot and cold water; large nicely furnished 'room. ,
Clay Street.
9RH9 AY, COR. STKINKR— LARGE BUN-
-UU- ny front room; exclusive kitchen: bath;
512.
Eddy street.
Ay? EDDY— LARGE FRONT BOOM WITH
rx£i 1 kitchen adjoining; gas range; complete for
housekeeping.
Ql 7 EDDY VERY NICE SUNNY CON-' !
vJ-l nected housekeeping rooms.
inih Mree;.
QC;O FIFTH -2 ROOMS: FURNISHED COM-
«->—--. plete for housekeeping: reasonable. ■
* c Uora Stree;. . "'"■
IC\A FOLSOM-NICE, SUNNY, FRONT. FUR-
I \Jt Dished rooms, with privilege of light
housek'eepl. g.
079 FOLSOM— FRONT ROOM, FUR-
OiOnUhed.for housekeeping. 98 month; also
suite. •
1- ourth- •* tree
99 FOURTH-ROOMS . SUITABLE FOR
_— light housekeeping. --..
Fulton Street.
FULTON-3 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
1X U rooms complete; yard; sunny side; cheap.
Golden Gate Avenue. ■ ',
"I Kf» GOLDEN GATE^-1-ÜBNISHED HOUSE-
i-uu keeping rooms and furnished sunny rooms" .
96 up. v^gg&
" larkm I ree;.
490 LARKIN ST. — SUNNY ; FURNISHED
jJ~V. ruC)mb for housekeeping: also single; rent
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
. - uuuurd tstrees,
r ()() HOWARD - UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
«)__ keeping rooms; 82 to « 8 month; water free.
TOO j HOWARD— 'i UU 3 ROOMS FUH*
J-OZtr n-.shed complete for housekeeping.
- Market Street.
1 HOC MARKET— 3 ROOMS, $8: SUNNY
J UZO front rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
cheap. \ --^''
Mason Street.
4]O MASON, OPP. NATIVK. SONS' HALL-
jtI O Nicely furnished sunny rooms: SS mo. up.
Minna Street.
ZAf* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
i)IU housekeeping; large yard- " t
ZAQ MINNA - 2 . NICELY FURNISHED,
UtfcO sunny housekeeping looms,
Jiisnon Street.
nOXI MISSION— SUNN BEDROOM.KITCH-
fJ — O'£ en and exclusive bath; complete for house-
keeping.
nCQ MISSION— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FURNISH- |
%JOO ed complete for housekeeping; also others.
9nnO MISSION — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
-vUJ and kitchen; 912. .
Oak Street.
J Q OAK — *10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
tiQ parlors; first floor: sink and place for stove.
Ociavia Street.
T^AQ OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY-SUNNY.
14 UO room; grate; folding-bed and kitchen;
$14; small. Sl.'. -
o'xurreil strews.
1 AQZ. O'FARRELL ST.-ALCOVK ROOM,
xrrOO kitchen, bath, complete lor housekeep-
ing; use of parlor; rent Sl3.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA-2
or 3 well- furnished housekeeping rooms.
foik Street.
nf\K POLK — HOUSEKEEPING: ALCOVE
pl'O suites; kitchen; double parlors; bath; gas;
cheap.
Powell Street.
qi Q POWELL. NR. CV.AY— HOOMS UN-
fit/ furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
Eleventh Strees.
m SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
I t «- kitchens ;also single rooms; newly renovated
Shot well Street.
0 FURNISHED OR UNFURNIBHED ROOMS
— tor housekeeping; rent reason 628 Shot-
well su . - . - .
Silver Street. '
I£E SILVER, NKAK~ FOURTH - SUNNY
lDi) front room ana kitchen; famished for
keeping. :
Stockton Street.
1 QA7 STOCKTON ST.— FINK FURNISHED
i O\J I rooms for nous ekeeplng ; rent cheap.
-I 7,,Q STOCKTON— a CONNtCTING ROOMS
i- lUO furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard: cheap.
luyior streei.
94fi TAYLOR— SUNNY FURNISHED BASE
— i.\J ment for housekeeping: 3 rooms.
• iliirn >rreec.
QQ A THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOt keeping rooms; free water; good accommo-
dations.
Twenty -fifth Street.
A 1 SO twe v TV-FIFTH, FE \v doobs EA st
u-XtJZ of Castro— 2 sunny unfiimisbeJ rooms
suitable for light housekeeping; no children; bath
and laundry; ladies only; rent 86 a month.
Twenty -sixth Street. ,
QQ£»7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION— 2
000 1 large furnitned, eunny housekeeping
rooms; 98. '.-* ; ;
Miscellaneous.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
«J— i until 9:3u o'clock; branch offlcs or Tas
I All.: EUbxcrlrtionsi and want ads taken.
BOOMS TO LET.
Avery Street. '
6 AVERY, OFF GEARY, KB. FILLMORE—
Very pleasant front bedroom to let to a lady
who will take care of room herself, except wash-
ins ; very reasonable.
Brannan Street. .
79' BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— 3 NICE
i— ' ' sunny rooms; 9&
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
— i IO fifth— Lovely furnished looms; sunny;
near school; 912.'
Clara Street.
jq CLARA, NR. FOURTH— SUNNY FRONT
-J 'I room, with j running water, for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; no other roomers.
Eddy Street.
917 EDDY-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
_. J. I single and double. •••",-.
99a EDDY — LARGE BUNNY UNFUR-
O£O uished front room.
1 1 QA EDDY— LARGE SUVNY FURNISHED
X J.OXJ front room; opposite Jefferson square;
reference.
Eighth Street.
Ql A EIGHTH. NEAR, FOLSOM-3 LABGJfi
dx\J rooms: rent 910.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 (HH
St.. near Market: furnished and untarnished.
kills Street. %7 : 'i'O
ROYAL HOL"8B, 128 ELLIS— INC ANDES-
XV cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor: rooms per night. - 35c to 91 50:
week. C 2 to 98; month, 98 to 930; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot and cold waier; baths.
OVAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN#-NKWLY
furnished suites! single: elevator, beaters, e.c
m ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
use of bath, in private family; rent 96.
1 11th Street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission; rooms
60c, 75c and 91 per night: 92 to S3 per week. .■• .
t ourth Street. • ,
Ql Q. FOURTH — 2 »UNNY CONNECTING
Oil) front rooms with n« of piano, 910 and 96;
both 915; other sunny rooms, cheap.
... I'uuon Street •;•'■
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
0 furnished single or en suite; 98 A 916 up.
Geary Street.
91 7 GEARY, UNION ABE — SUNNY
—it rooms suitable for Dullness. -.
QO7 GEARY, COtt. MASON (LAZELLE)-
-00 I Newly furnished sunry rooms; all outside.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1404 GOLDEN GATE AYE.-NICE FUB-
Xrl\J-l nlßhei room for two; rent 95.
Orove Street.
A(\O GROVE-t>UNNY FURNISHbD BAY-
ttvu window front room; rent 98. •,
Howard Street.
i ijf*l 1 HOWARD - NICELY FURNISHED
I • ' - 1 -2 sunny bay-window; other double, single j
! rooms; reasonable.
1144 HOWARD-FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
- 1 i" suites, 912 and $ 13; single, 94.
•Jessie street.
OCX' JEBSIE, NX. FIFTH-1 LARGE AND 3
OKJO connecting housekeeping rooms. •
oner street. ' ' -
KIO JONES-NEAT Ff^ONT SUNNY BOOM
01. iJ for gentlemen or girl working.
Ke»my street. \
A PLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KKARNT _
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en mite and single; lint
class in every respect: term * reasonable. ■ ■ ■ -. . ;.: -
■ 2lHikot street. \
"\rCSEMITE HOUSKVTO4S MARKET-PEK
1 uight. 35c to 91: week. 91 60 to 96; families: •
1 MARKET-SU N N V ROOMS. FUR-
J OVO nlshed or .unfurnished, suitable for -
offices. . / :
'' ;,C '' >. c Ati l»i ' atreet.' ," ■■
A*)*) McAllister— nicely ■ FURNIBHKD
"— — front room; running water: - also single
rooms. .*■'■";' ••"•'. :•:..'; / '•■;■ ;•'- .■■•-..- -..- . ■■.;■
1 9 Q MCALLISTER — DOUBLE PARLOR .
• — « ' and alcove, with board, 920, or house- -
keeping. < .-•:-■■ ••:.-. ■=- \. ■ - ~ : r^-. ■ - ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
luartha I'lace. '
6 MARTHA J'LACK. OFF GEARY, SO. NEAR
Mason— mutiny front room; 88; gent. .
jiUMin Street. . ' . ■
Oi)(* MASON-3OR 4%UNNY HOUBEKEEP.
O*-D log rooms, furnished or unfurnished: bath.
A-] Q MASON, OPP. NATIVE SINS' HALL—
*3 J O Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $6 jer
month and up. ■ . - •
j. win , Stree.. . '
Aty\ MINNA; NEAR^FXTH-NICELY FUR-
OX nished sunny from rooms, fa to $9 month;
hot hath-.. . -
UlJn MINNA, COX. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UO 4 ntsbed bay-window rooms: fl per week.
- Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, "SI MISSION. SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to %i per week.
THK EAST LYNN, 1063 MISSION— FRONT
1 rooms and others, housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
■I r>Al NINTH ST.— LAUGK, NEATLY FUR-
-IOU2 ntsbed from room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and graie; $oto iB.
imp street.
f»9l PINK— UOUBLE FRONT ROOM SUIT-
U— 1 able for two men; running water; $8; also
others.
i "Ik Street.
1 POLK— NICE SUNNY ROOMS AT THE
J-«J«->— Glenwood House; cheapest rooms in the
city. MRS. KATE GREEN, proprietor.
I ost Srreei.
■DANTOLPH HOUSE, POST AND MASON
it sts.— 50 Lay-window parlors; smaller rooms;
gas, running water, etc. ; f 1.60 to 94 per week.
/•OO POST— ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS,
w__ bath, hot and cold water, $8; sonny suites,
reasonable.
Seventh street.
"I Ol> SEVENTH— 2 LA KGE FRONT ROOMS;
-LOU housekeeping; cheap.
, LlXln Street.
9 A SIXTH. NEAR MARKET-NICELY FUR-
<J nished sunny front suite.
00 SIXTH— THE HILLSDALE-QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms: transients solicited.
HE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH-NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
l»yK SIXTH- CHEAPKST IN THE CITY;
-!• — O double and single trout rooms.
btevenson Street.
-JATI STEVENSON-ROOM SUITABLE FOR i
rt\J I 2 two ladies; private family; SB.
btockton Place. - NJ*.
npHE EUROPEAN, 17 rtockton— fur-
-1 nished rooms, single, $160 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 to 49 per week ; by the night, 50c to 5-';
hot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Turk Street. \* V\
11CTUEK- LARGE SUNNY SUITES
-I J-U handsomely furnished: single; board optnl
Union Street.
1 1 C\R UNION— BAY-WINDOW. 6 ROOMS,
J l\J\i bath, 2 kitchens, $20; 803 Union, 3
rooms. 98
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
OOQ<SrT^v"KNTY^Fi^BT, J 66 JLGUKBiUBBO^
OOV& »ay-window suites or single; furnished
or unfurnished.
O|.Q JONES — LOVELY SUNNY PARLOR
OV't7 suite and elegantly furnished single mom*,
wiih board; large windows on all sides: furniture,
etc.. entirely new, water hot and cold: sp endld,
luxurious batn; new house; flower garden: ihree
blocks from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who enjoy comfort: mo<t convenient aud
comfortable room* to b« bad: (20..
n«l POST— 2 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS. WITH
I L«. board, tor 2; 940 up; use parlor aud piano.
SUNNY ROOMS; OAK AND BATH; WITH
board; r. asuimbie. 126 Tenth St.
j QflO VAN NEKS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
! OUO nished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET—
open under sew management: has been ar-
tlstl« ally tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
I throughout; hot and cold water In every room:
j elevators and every modern convenience;" parties
now can have choice or carpets and fumliure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowiukia, the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
1401 VAN NEss . COR. BUSH— PARLOR
li"l suites; single and double rooms; board.
OTKL BiiRTLI-NU. 714 B. >H-a FAMILY
hotel: references: ail modern conveniences.
. STORES TO LET.
Ql (X 1007% LAHKIN,COR.POST:«JhN-
«3pIU.UI/. ir»l: living-room. Kelly, 10-»Edd.-.
CJjTO STORE; 5 LIGHT ROOMS; ESTAB-
«2S±O. lished saloon 12yrs. 911 Folsom, nr. Fifth.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS LET. USED AS
old-established bakery. 456 Sixth it.
LARGE STORK, 2 SHOW WINDOW*. AND
4 lar»(^ rooms; rent on y $22 60. 422 Sixth.
| HKDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours; safe and sura at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; borne in confinement; best care and !
privacy: regular physician; 80 yean' successful
practice; my celebrate! remedies for monthly
suppression never fall; every case teed: con-
sultation free, confidential: hour* 10 to 5: pills sl. *
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st. near Larkln. j
DX. J. K. JO>bELVX, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to the nn-
lortunate. With a mind ma ured and enriched by
hiuflies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has keen strength-
ened by extensive experience- Ho case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond bis sura con-
trol, ills female monthly remedies are sure aud
rnfe la their effects. Ills tried and valuable reme-
diis for lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted for both youn< and old.
tie excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation p&rlors. dUo
Market st. Call or write direct to 900 Market a:,
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT 18 PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what came; no elec:riclty hum-
bug or otber dangerous methods; money In every ■
case refunded if a cure is not effected; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIKS, 14 McAllister BU, next Hlbernla
Bank; hours, 9a.m. to 5 and 7to p. it ' ; .
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RB-
store every cane or monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when msdlolnes
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed; i
advice free; terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. Daley, 1123
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
A Nj£W PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IS-
J\- strument vied: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no mat from what
cause; restores always in one day; can bo sent
and used a:, home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: advertised
20 years. DU. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. :
R. FOU LEI'S FRENCH CAPSULE 3 — A.
cuarantced absolute euro for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what causa): positively safe and
rare; no danger or after effects: takeninUmal; j
also acts as a preventive: ■" price $1 W) per box: :
sent free by mall on . lotciiii ul uricu. WAIXKiI
BROS.. S3 Grant aye.
R. AND MRS. WKOESER. 526 EDDY ST.:
private horns; every comfort: separate rooms
before and aurinz confinement: female compiaiqis
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers; best care; lerms moderate: babies
adopted hi good families; consultation tree; pills 9i
DRU good win, SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients: best skill.
tree diagnosis: low fees; self-cure. 401 Van Ness
LADIES, CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
±J royal Pills (Diamond Brand) ore best; safe, re-
liable*; lake no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lar*, "Relief tor Ladies." In letter by return mall.
at druggist' Winchester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
A LVKAU'S FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; f260 ex press C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oalcland;Cal.
.-. A bURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALK . Dl*,
J\- eases from whatever cans*; . a home In . con-
finement with every - comfort: satistacttou . guar-
anteed by MRS.* OW YER, i!2tf Tune st. -
'A LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
xi. eases of the eyo permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
T\V PRAK's* FEMALE RKUULATINd PILLS; ■
' U safe and efficient { emmenasoeue: -$1 par box. ■
RICHARDS <£CO..druggists. 406 Clay st.,sole
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT. Dii. JORDAN At
bis museum. 1051 Market st: his SO yeaxs- :
toccessful practice Is a irunrantes ot fair treatment; *
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. , -.- ;
KMIRP^bKD REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS. DIt. PUETZ,i.'B4V»4tn.
I .K. hall, 14 Me ALLI i street; &t>.JuA
\J, Jones. Diseases of women and children. ■ : ;
A' ; WEEK'S NEWS FOR <■ s}.5 }. CENTS '_ th«
w .Li.ii.LV CALL. In vrruDper, for mailing. ■
CITY RK AT, ESTATE. .
•CUBE SPECULATION.
SOUTH OF PARK BLOCKS.
. . SACRIFICE* FOR CASH,
fl>9Kflfl*WlLL BUY BLOCK 984 O. L., OR
<JT idUW, «26 block 893 O. L. no less offer con-
sidered: Mm cash deposit takes either of the
above Works; this week only.
KASTON, ELDRID :R & Co.,
' ■ t»3S Market st.
"VTEW MISSION HOM.KS.
i>-.;'j : *Pit NOW BUILDINa
, LOW PRICE?. EASY TERMS.
FOUR NEW TWO-~Ti>RY BAY-WINDOW
houses; 7 room*, bath and basement; every
convenience: tan alter (■ ahs to suit purchaser if
applied for at once: only $500 cash required; bal-
ance monthly, dame as rout. ■■
KABiON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
•' ■■:■ 638 Market su
pANHANDLE LOT.
* f.'i;'. A GREAT BARGAIN.
%91firt CLAYTON ST., EAST SIDE. 125
«3P<£.HJV. feet north of Fell-si, boulevard:
Size, 25x106:3 ft.
- iiASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
.... 638 Market st.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOT.
AT HALF PRICE.
ffi»lP;nn LARGE LOT FACING THE
«3J l*^w\;. ocean 100x240 ft., through to rear
street; cost owner more than double this sum;
tine site tor residence or pleasure resort '
EAbTON, KLDBItHiE & CO.
. 638 Market st.
pOOD INVESTMENT.
ONLY $2000.
UROADWAY, NEAR TAYLOR; 2 FLATS;
-L> rents 19 per month.
EAbTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
t . , —
HEAP WESTERN AUDITION HOME.
MUST BE SOLD.
ffl»1 9^o 2 " JOHNSON AYE.. NR. GEARY
•IP X -i-tJyJ . St., 6-room cottage: small cash pay-
ment: easy terms; fine lot, 25x125 feet; reduced
trom $1750 for quick sale; call to- Jay ; house open
for Inspection.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
A BHBURY HEIGHTS.
.V f RESIDENCE.
Q»Qnnn good 2-story bay-window
«2P*J\/UU. noose of 8 rooms and bath; base-
ment, brick ion at ion, etc.; ran arrange easy
terms. , KAisTON, ELDR DGK * CO.
638 Market st.
Oj7CfV COT 1 AGE ANU LOT ON 31 pros-
C • O\J. pect aye. App y 919 Valencia st.
ftl9P»fi 104 ACKES IN SANTA CLARA
ilrli.«JU. County; must sell or exchange for
grocery-store or lodging-house. lug ire at 410
Keainy su, room 10.
JOT 80x106, ON THE EABT LINE OF ABH-
J bury St., south 160 feel from Frederick; for
sale. U. FOKSI'KN, 4'J3 Bush st-
ONLY 1 I-Ei-T— NEW HoUsKS, JUST COM-
plttied; sunny side Cole at., near Waller; 10
rooms: large lot, I<i6 feet deep; aireet to be bitu-
minlzed. Apply on premises.
St'Cnn- OFFER WANTED; FINELY
O- wvu, bill cottage on Twenty-seventh St.,
bet. Dolores and i hnrcb: we must sell this place
on account of the mortgage. JIcEWES BKOa.,
1 18 Montgomery tit
PERSONALS.
FACIAL BLEMISUKS. WRINKLES, SMALL-
X 1 pox pHUius and tuperflous hair removed by
)atts:dlsc •v<t> - ; sunken «-yes and cheeks ft .ed
out; baldness and <lis?ast s of the scalp cured.
JIKS. E. Kl.\O, 624Huttvr. •
ADVICE FRKK; DIVORCE LaWk a KPEC-
lalty: private; so fee wiihou: success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale*
damages, eta: private detectives: estah. 10 years.
U.W.HOWE, at:y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL 9, 1897— JOE LEV-
RON r, 622 Green St., b. X. : You are hereby no-
tified that unless you call on the undersign e.i,' 828
iiarrison it., within 3 days from date of notice,
and pay the jm'ance on wagon you purchaser No-
vember 10, 1896, the wacon wl 1 be sold to satisfy
the balance auj expenses on the same. J. STAU-
LECKE. t . . - v :;
I'VE GOT A LABGE ENOUGH PATRONAGE
to be able to quote the very lowest prices for
the very best work; bair-dri-eslnir, any «t.vle, 26c:
shampoo and plain hair-dressing, 60c.; beaching
ro of hair. iOe ; excellent swi cnet tor SI, $1 6>
and $2; the bs<t for 82 60 and *3, grays Included.
G. LEDEREH, 111 Stockton st.
THE WASTKD MAGXETIJ-M ': ■ " ..
of the erectile tissues lesur plied permanently,
restoring their natural sensibilities; co<<lUions
essential to the nt-rvo-vital tuncttons, by Dlt.
SMITH'S ELECTRO-MA GNETIU BATHS; you
go and be cured to-day. Sanitarium, ls33 Buchanan.
EE 1 HAT LIMP;
use Vita Oil and you can't limp: the only
thine that ran do It too: cures spr Ins, bruises,
lameness and soreness: try It: $1 b t. : 6 $6; 910
gal.; cbgs. prepaid. Address 1533 ULCUaNaN.
p ENUINE VAPOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS
VJJ given by an exierienced nurse. 1346.Market
st . room 2.
A BOTTLE OF ANTOINETTE LOTION PHE-
sentert to every lady ca'llng at my store Tues-
day and Wednesday. MMX MARCH AND, store
107 Gtrary at., office and laboratory 2b.
ME. LEONA— BEAUTY PARLORS; GEN-
uine magnetic treatments. Rid. 3, 995 Market
1 nfMl BU«il.M:ss CARDS PRINTED, 91 50;
X\J\J\J show cards, etc. HILL, 22-Vi Geary st.
OCTOR (EXPERIENCED) WANTS GOOD
country location or position. D. X., box 117.
this office.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FLNKE. 1416 t-lghth St.. Alamed«>
A DIB EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS RE-
-0 moved to 7 Grant aye., rooms 1. 2 and 3.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
•X tailoring; lowest prices. VI 6 Kearny, upstairs.
ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
'» ing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Fairell st.,
bet. Mason and Powell.
USfcPH •-.REVE.-x'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
(J nlsbes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acis
for the proiessional ;u;f. ana for oruior.o. concert
or church as well, on Fhorte&t notice. Murphy
building. Market and Jones, rooms 1/1 and 1.2.
T A DIES IN WANTOFSTKICTLY PRIVATE
.Li horse in confinement, *20 week: everything
found. ■ Further particulars apply or address tl.Ru.
McLANE, 34 Feil St.
.
pHEUMATISH CUR«CD OR MONEY KE-
XV funded: poor treated free. 805 Eddy at.
MMX. MYRTLE POTTER REMOVED FROM
1862 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
MME. HOLLAND, PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty, j Room 1, 228 Post St.
HAVE * OUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, bo dope or fish oil: rooms papered $2
up wulteuea,9lsoup: papered .grained, Varnished.
95 up. AMBROSE & bCH AAF, 1029 Kearny st.
1) ELI ABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
XV service. ■ Rooms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
1 f\l\f\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, *1 60;
A-VJ\J\J show cards, etc. HILL, 2.'^ Geary st,
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE BEA-
X sonable: :10 years' experience: - all matter*
confidential. O.K.WEBSTER, 1027 Market.rm.tt.
V, isS JESSIE AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE
1»J with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, oTyelns
and bleaching <t specialty. liilVa O'Farrell si.,
phone Brown 853- . . '
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS- 91
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Ca, 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN REST AU-
ran combined: F. DELMontk & CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Uuon Gusto Kestuurant, 4 U
i. road way. have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
DELMONTK. proprietor of the celebrated Flor
d'italla at 430-432-434 Broadway,, just opposite.
HHUFteCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER.
. gas titter. 623 Golden Gate ay. TeL,Batter47L
ALL PAPER AT COST; PAINTING, PaPKß-
huiißlnf; and Interior decorations our specially ■
best workmen o.ilv. ••MEKIGAN," 2. Webster.
MAQM6COPJB - NEW . 1-KOJEUTIKO ; MA-
chine; uses the kloetoscope llims; price re-
• duced. * 150. BACIGALUPI, 948 Market su
; IJlii OUTDOOit bTERi-OPTICON MIOW EVE-
■' » ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic a -
-; vertiaements " in living light: promoters of boat-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO. 114U Market si. *
; P ARTINOTON'a SCHOOL "OK -44A0 \ZINE
-X; and Newspaper Illustration: particulars aa to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; lUustrauoiu •-urui»aea
tor inagasines, newspapers, etc. ■ .
I pUPTUKE AM) PILES J CUBED; *NO PAY
XV limit cured: (end for book. DRs, IUK&
>iKi.Uti I uI(TKKKiKi,o fc3» Markers: c ;^.- v V
ELKCTRIO >- LlGHl'i* IN :. EVEKY < ROOM-
Su Winchester I House. 44 1 Third ■ st, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 'ibo to 91 60 per night: $1 60 to 98 pet
week ; free bus and baggage to and from toe ferry.
rtLOAKS.' FUKa AY,. BUlla • UtI'AILKO -At',
XJ .wbolesal* prices. : . Factory. "JO isanaome st. '
Av\Er.K » NEWS T FOB, 5 i CENTS— TE3
«ll' weekly CALL, La wrapper, tor jmlUbc. r .
conmn real estate.
N "uNQtjJiRTIONABi'.E l " l ßAmJAl'>': : COST
*40,000: will be sold ior $20,000: 230 acres,
4> acres b'lng best who crapes, 10 acres in
prunes, - acres pc rs; : house 7 rooms in good con-
i iiion; large barn, stono wln-ry, tattles, hydraulic
press; complete for winemaking: water piped from
springs;: horses, cows, furniture, buggies, wagon;
everything complete: living trout stream: deer,
! quail, eta : nice grounds: 3 miles from St. Helena,
I in a lovely valley: presen » a picturosqe ; loc» ion
f* A(\ ACRES IN . AIoNTKREY ' COUNTY. I 6
"1" miles from good railroad town: a portion
cow under cultivation, balance i:: pas: me, n>ak>o£
It a tine h''jr or ran .c ranch ; fine well and run-
ning water: bouse of 6 looms: 2 good barns; all
farming tools; price $25 per acre. »>...-~" r ."-.-■-
-WE HAVE 4 VERY CHOICE LOTS IX THE
• "town of iielmont, beautiiuliy situated for su-
burban homes: will be sold according to the times;
investigate this; easy terms.
A CHOICE 850- ACRE" FARM OF DEEP
XV loam soil, only 40 miles from san Francisco,
adjoining two of the best vineyard and orchard
farms in Stale; 450 acres been farmed tn grai i
and very suitable tor fruits a d viues; balance has
scattering timber with abundance of wild feea,
principally oais; very suitable for dairy, cattle or
hog ranch, as there is sufficient feed, besides bav-
tnc lio acres to plant to a crop for market; only
$25 per acre: 14 eft h. balance On time. KuWI.V '
K. a LSI 1' & Cu., 29, ad floor, Mills Building, San
Francisco. ■ ' • ,
j^OMKS FOR ALL. ~~ ~~" :
~ 'homes FOR ALL.
Of special interest to parties who have a desire
to invest or to become quaint ed with the In-
ducements offered in country properly. ;
. A FREE PVBLiC LECTURE.
Illustrated with colored stereoptlcoa slides from
original views, will be given by
MR. WENDEL E ASTON
At Golden Gate Hall, Suiter street, near Taylor.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. APRIL 14, 1897,
AT EIGHT O'CLOCK.
bubject:
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES."
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES." .»?•'"
With special reference to
ORANGE — E2j *
AND
___ LEMON CULTURE
In the footniilsof the Sierras- -
©9000 NEW MODERN HOUSE OF 6
<i£A\J\J\J. rooms at San Rafael: will tell on
easy terms, or exchange for outside land.
CjCflfin 30 acrks half a milk from
«Jpuv7W»/. Meulo i'art ; cheap ; one-half cash.
C£ 1 Z\ft(\ 10 ACRr.B 4. YEAR -OLD OR-
<£> -LOW. chard; S&ma Clara County; one-half
cash.
FOR RENT— 27 ACHES MOSTLY BEARING
orchard; ' house; barn farming Implements,
etc.; situated near Los Gates.
GRIFFITH. CLARK & CO.,
■ .■-•'■ i*" . 19 Montgomery st.
rpo CAPITALISTS AND LAND BUYERS.
We have in our hands for sale one of the finest
tracts of fruit land In this State, and It is offered as
a whole or in subdivisions at lowest prices and on
easy terms of payment.
The property is In Placer County, the banner
fruit county ot the State, near the main line of the
j Central Pacific Kaiiioad'aad close to the great
shipping points of Newcastle, Rockiin, Penrynand
Loom is. .
The soil Is disintegrated cranlte, deep, rich,
easily tilled and In everyway esi c. lnlly adapted
to rult culture. It is comparatively level and
lightly covered with brush, whicn Is easily
cleared. While irrigation is not a requisite In this
section, owing to the abundant rainfall, theie is
a ;arge reservoir and diicb near by which will
afford those facilities it r< quired.
The ciimaie is well known and cannot be ex-
celle.i.
The market facilities for the fruits of this
county are passed, and growers' return* are
up to the highest point. Placer County is now the
largest shipper of d ciduous fruits of anw county .
in the -late, and with citrus fruits is fast forging
Ahead to the. cad.
i his property is well and favoraolv known as
the "P.icer County Fruit i olouy Tract"; contains ,
920 ueres. of which 160 are in full-bearln?
orchard] of the chJices!, varieties of cherries,
psucnrs. pears and plums, carefully selected and
planted fur table sa cs; the buildings ate com-
| fo. table; the trace fronts on three main < oun. y
roads and adjoins the I Whitney lands, which, un-
improved, sold in 18-iH at from S'J5O to $500, and
ar« now highly improved and valuab c in propor-
tion ;^as a whole this tin • property can be bought
| for 975.000, one-. hird cash, oalance on mortgage
| at 7 per cent: if 'su.d in subdivisions the prices
■ wi 1 be governed by character of improvements on
pieces selected; terms of payment as a Dove.
Ihe property purchased at a whole and subdl-
vidt-d in o -M tv 40 acre tracts should easily real-
ize 9125.000.
On account of closing up a partnership it must
be sold by us as promptly t.» posnlule, hence the
low prices named. *or further :utorciatioa ap-
ply to
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE *. CO..
218-220 Montgomery st-, Mills building.
T ITTLE HOME OF 8 ACRES, a-KOOM
XJ bouse, close to own. a sightly place, 9700; an-
other of 6 acres, all in nun. house, etc., 9j260;
one of 6Vi acrrs, house or 6 ruoms, etc . 41600;
15 acres 5 In fruit, crecic bottom land, (2000: In
acres in fruit and • vines, running water. $2200.
Particulars 632 Market st , room' 6. or D. H.
TWING, Sonoma Cl.y, Cal.
mo Lt.AbK- ON LONGTEBM, AT LOW RATE.
X fine farm land in M ndoclno County: no cash
needed: pay taken in larui products or work. Mc-
KWEN i,ROS., 118 Montgomery st.
djjO PEK ACRE— GOOD LAND IN MENDO-
<IPO clno County: close to shipping points; low
freights. McE WEN BRus.. 118 Montgomery st.
•MANUFACTURING BUSINESS TO TRADE
lv for a farm; 91000 in contracts goes with the
business: price t:<soo. tor particulars address
M. li., box 132, Call office.
<2>A A TO 980; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
VPTtVJ unimproved land: terms suit: fruit, grain,
vegetables: rull and water, R. 65, Chronicle bidg.
ARLY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE, LAND—
1000 acres of the "Wolfsiclll grant," la lots
from 20 acres un, selling for $:-0 per acre on easy
terms; located 3ml es west of - Winters, cal. For
particulars address W. XL GREGORY, Winters,
Ca!. . _•
T. OR SALE— 3 POULTRY RANCHES, CON-
X I Bistlng of ireese, ducks, chickens and pigeons:
also -- lots, 25x110 each, at 920 a lot. THOMAS
F. COMiLIN, Red Flag, Six-mile station, san
Bruno Road.- ■
BARGAIN; ALA M EDA COUNTY, BO MILKS
from city; choice land; fruit, vegetables, grain
hay; flowing springs: 935 per acre- H. J. DIG-
GLES. 69 Columbian building, san Francisco.
Little Homes close io town; im-
proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre piece*
on S and Ik year*' credit. D. H. • TWING, So-
noma City; cverv Monday at 632 Market sb. & F.
OjE AN ACHE: 1-^BU ACREo TIMIiER; GOO
«IP«J for stock or fruit; plenty water. ■ S.. box 40.
rpUTTLE «t LOPTIS, LAND AGENTS; VERY
J. Urge list ;of choice country property, i every
class, location, for sale, exchange; houses rented:
rents collected. 6-0 Market .-■... opp. Palace Hotel.
- PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 Aft HOUSES AND LOTS, $100 TO 918.000
±\f\J 160 ranches, all sizes. 9200 t0....;. 6,000
200 business places, from $ 25 to 6,000
——WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Ofl-AORK ORCHARD, NEAR KIRKWOOD,
— .U Tebsma Conn y, with good house and fence:
plenty of water:-, also beautiful lot In Golden Gate.
.Berkeley; 60x136 feet; to exchange for city prop-
erty. GEO W. AKMBHUSIER.2t Momeomer/
BXO3TETX > TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. in 8. F.. Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays. 1
J. M lON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above sixth.
telephone Jessie 4L • • ■ ■ ' ■•
IGHLY KEnPKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest- rates. , Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.: telephone Green 204. - , ;
CJ>>|}A C\i\i\ AT 6^ P£R CENT ON city
;.<POV/V. \)\J\> real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life insurance, second mortgage, an sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.:
ANY AMOUNT; IST. 2D;OR 3D MOUTH AGES,
estates, undivided interests, rra 1 . estate in pro-
: bate; ' furnltura * and pianos without ~ reiuovaL
Id.cCOi.UAN, 24 Montgomery at., room S.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON bMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. 'Gold, box 4, Call.
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc ; low interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bide, 809 Market: ' let; brown 191. i
: <UQ9*V linn AT katks: ISJT AND
isO£iO.\J\J\J 2d mortsanes. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as #50. H. MURPHY, 6H Market si
ON FURNITURE;- VERY LOW INTEREST:
\J no commission. SCRIiiNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
VI ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE:
I>l any amount. WILL! A 214 Pine »v, r. 3.
MONEY TO LOAN ON: FIRST AND SECOND
mortgages. . 410 Kearny st., room 10.
Q.-1 riO.OOO ON LXTK IN.-SURANCK POLICIES
ijPIU low Interest. JOS. B. I OPLITZ, 33J Pi i.e.
: flh cry TO 900,000: LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D
tjpOyJmoiis.: any proposition.' Dry aen, 413 Mont
NY SUM.vlssT OR 2ND MORTGAGES.
tatPs in probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California, st.
N| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3. :
ON PIANOS AND; FURNITURE. -WITHOUT
. j removal: very low interest, llfl Me AUiiter st.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to : any • address in the
United States or Canada One year for 81 50, poet-
, tree. .-;:...■. i-.v.-;, ■-. ,\ -v-V^:;.- ;. . '^V-'i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"BARGAIN'S IN OAKLAND. .
FOR SALE BY '
.WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
©O= Afk *250 CASH *25 PER MONTH:
n~~ Oyi\f. nearly new modern residence: 7
rooms and ta:h: convenient location; near local
train; sold a year ago f r $3250.
ffi»9jnn $400 CASH: BALANCE CAN KE-
«iT<-"tW». main on mortgage: owner ha* left
town;. roust realize; beautiful new house; 8 rooms,
modern: one jvar old; on Piedmont electric road.
CIJ97KO $300 CASH, «25 PER MONTH;
ijp£4 I u\J. nt^at cottage 6 rouro*: close to Tele-
graph electric-can.
BIDS NOW BEING RECEIVED FOR BEAU-
J-» tiful cottjgehome: co»t $4600; an offer of
$-•600 may get it; good location; well rented;
must be said.
©I^oo 2 CHOICE LOTS IN McKEB
<t niuu "' i'ract, Lorin. to exchange for Oak,
land resUenc;; will add from- f 1000 10 $2000
cash. i/r
C2*J9?\O MODERN 2-STORY HOUSE OF 8
fSD'^OKf. rooms and bath; deslraply located;
worth at least $IUOO more; owner a non-resident.
4]^ 000 4ST RY FRAME BUILDING;
«IDJ O.XJVxJ. 10t60.t260. rents $7/ a month
on ; lease: mortcagea for £5500; will trade for
ranch clear; >apa Valley preferred.
<2»4OOO MODERN HOUSE. 8 BOOMS. ON
Ifi'xvivjyj. Eighth st., to exchange lor lota in
Berkeley.
$5500.
tpoOOO. FRUIT FARMS AT HAYWARDS
f'.OOO Ucu^rs." 36 or t0 " ale: send for Par *
tpUUUU. ticmars.
$4500. __
Oil P; 000 AN ELEGANT SUBURBAN
<Pi«J.UUV/. home, cost $25,000, to exchange
for city or country property.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, . "
460-462 r.ighth st., Oakland.
I AM INSTRUCTED BY THE BANK TO
i- sell the following property, taken under fore-
closure:
Ist. A 6-room modern cottage; laree lot; 3
blocks 10 local: 1 bio- to cars: stores, church
and school; soon will lie business property ; lot
wonh $2000: price $2400. $400 cash.
2d. High class r»s dene • property on Harrison
su; corner, 78x150: use modern, 10 rooms;
best resid. nee port. on of the city; i mortgaged ono
year ago for $15,000; can now be bought for $10.-
-3d. On Parker St.. Berkeley, half block to
Dwlght way station, uea: 5-room cottage; almost I
new; forced at $1160: cost »^ooa
J. S. MYERS, Real Estate, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
<5> 1 00 EACH. 4 LOTS MKLKOSE STATION
<iiJA '-' v ' Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 a week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
iruitvale; only a mlnut 'a wa k to the station-
see the owners at their office in Fruitva.e for bar-
gains. BAbSEIT BROS., Fruitvale Station.
Good OAKLAND FROPKRTY TO EX-
cnan^e for small ranches; a»so bargains in
some residences on the Heights In Oakland. Ap-
ply to P. W. ANDERSON, *8--t:au Pablo are
Oakland. • ■ . •
C E N D STAMPS FOR CATALOGUES OF CALI-
-0 for;ila lands and home*. E. fc. BUNUE, 1008
B oadway, Oakland.
OACRIFICK: BUSINESS CORNER. 90x145-
-kj on San Leandro road; rented for $22 per month"
principals. o-jly. Apply S. i.. R., box 18, Oakland
Office. . .
NAP — 9* 60 DOWN, BALANCE $25 PER
month: house of 8 rooms and ba.h, lot 85x128,
on Magnolia st., near Fourteenth; must be sold.
I*, < all Office, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE. HEALTHFUL HOME
while prices are low: lots $100 to $150 at
itthburs, beyond Frnitva'e; the best property
for investment now offered: local trains anil
electric cars:. 10 minutes to Oakland and 40 to
San Francisco; splendid alienate, oat of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
ing in this locality see the owner of this property
C. M. KUNKLE. 915% Washington si., upstair* '
room 28, Oakland, Ca:.
A ££E5t S news FOR 5 CENTS - TU«
fa- >v P-KKLI CAT.L. in wrapper, lor mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
t
J»T.AMr.I>,V KJSAI. rSTATU.
ft 9900 *- ROOM COTTAGE; BEAUTI-
<T —— V/U. fully situatea: near Bay-st. stiulon.
12450— A new cottage; colonial style; near Bar-
row-cauge st& ton.
$2900— Handsome colonial cottage, with room*
above; situated i ear station.
$35(jO— A snap; colonial cottaga of " 7 rooms;
large corner lot: your terms are ours. ■'
WAliLl'bE «fc KEMMELL.
Bay-st. station (broad-gauge), Alameda; 628
Market St., San Francisco; open Sundays ana
holidays. ....
LARQAIKi ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
1 > from city; choicu land; irult. hay. Brain, veg-
etables, with living springs; 325 to *35 per acre.
n. J. J)IUOLE». 69 Columb.au building;, S. P.
i ■ ■ — — — 1
ALA3USDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
T7»INIiLY FURNISHED 11-ROOM HOUSE AND
X grounds to rent, 1 b ock trnm Morton-st. station,
narrow-gauge. M. E. 8.. 1511 Central ay.. A lame la.
BERKELEY RJJAI. JESTATB. .
QO ACRES: NEWCASTLE FRUIT BELT;
OV partly Improved. 264 Haven St., Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD: HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT
45x125: street work Cents; near the smtlon;
no reasonable offer refused. J. J. MaSuN, Berke-
ley station. * . .
x thAHfUiSktt.
\y ANTED— S6OO AT 8% PER ANNUM FOR
»' one year. Address M., box 76. Call.
rpCTTLK <fc LOFTIS. LAND . AGENTS. S KE-
X gotlate lo^ng 6'JQ Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 1 1 .
MAUKIAGK LICKSStCS.
The following marriage licensw b'%T» Men
lesaed br the County Clerk's office; . -
Frank J. Crowiev and- Minnie Murphy. 24—2.1
G. W. Petiygrove and Ruby M. Maneer. Sl— 3o.
John D. Sarmontoand S'igrid C. Berceliu, *J3-'_'4.
R. H. Carpenter and Freda / sahaagn, 2*2— 19;
Bfinj-mln F. Karrow and Martha Brown. 43—48.
JBiUTIi&— MARRIAGES—
IiOUN.
ASH ER-To the wife of J. Asher. a daughter. \
JOUN'TON-April 8, 1887. lo the wife of J. I.
Johcston, a daughter. ■"
POOL-In this cltv. /prll 10, 1897, to the wife of
W. J. Pool, a daughter .
MARKIED. — —
BADDELKY— WILLIAiIS— In this city. April 8. !
1897. by Jus i Uroesiogei, Benjamin F. Bad-
flcie/ ana Maria A. Williams, bocu o< sun Fran-
cisco. -.::. . ■ - , : ■ , ; . . ; - ..-■: .; ,'; . v
HAHN— CARO— In this city. April 11, 1887, by
-lie Rev. 8. Goldstein, Louis Haho and OlgA
Caro. both of San Francisco.
HAVRL.OCK— In this city, April 10
1897, by the rtev. F. A. Doane, William C. Have-
lock and Mary staples, both of ban Francisco.
MICHELS-OKUSON-In this city. April 11,
1:45)7. by the Rev. : I). Meyersoa, Davj-i Michels
-and Hulda iierso:i. both of San Francisco. '
SIMON-ROSEN this city, April U.
1 197. :by Raobl 'A. Brown ■of Ban Jo»e. Ca! ,
George Simon of Tacoma, - Wash.. "ani ' Cell*
'Roienberjt of San Francltco ■•-. ; '. - . ... - .. .
- ; . .: "-. DIJBD.
s Baker, Alfrei W. Hutton. Hannah K.
Bristol. Ellen I Kline, Mrs. 8. .
Brown. Walter B. . Kelly, Vernoa D.
Connolly. Ka.e . Mezzara, Amelia
co;iwo;l. Thoina* . Hu.ptiy. Jeromlah
De iJllier. Louisa Neelr, Isaac ' . . ■' '
England. Sarah F. Pearce, William O.
Ennls.Mar/K Power. Mary E. :i\
Fox. li'.llic . Presbury. William W.
Fraser — Reidy. John ,
Gage, William S. : • Roberts, loan a '
Oudlcl, Pasquale ■ Sablns, Alfred C. ;
Hares Michael • Smith, Thomas B.
Hooker, Mrs. J. H. * Stor^. Andrew H. -
:":' . h : Stewart, Robert W.
BAKER— this city, Apnl il, 1807 " Alfred W.,
oldest son of tbe .a Colonel E.D. Baker, ana-
: tir-of Illinois, a^ed 6. ye r*. ■
JBSS" Funeral services will be neld ; THIS DAY
„ (Tuesday), at , - - o'ciock -p. ■ m.. 'at • the : under-
.' tatting par>ora of N. Gray A Co., 641 Sacramento
• street. Ft I- mis are lnvitei to attend. iu:er-
• Mifus private. . - :'■;<: •-'"....-■■■,,: „ .  -. --..■..- .
BRISTOL.— In this city. April 12, 1897, Ellen," be-
,' loved wife of Henry C. Bristol, mo. her of. Harry
■ C. Clarence H., Frank, Ueor<» and Flora Bris-
.. tol, and sister of Mr*. Frank Judge and James
" tsullivan, a native of Capetown, Barehaven,
" County Cork. Ireland, awed 5 i years. '-..■• -j,-
-• ', tar. The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clocK a. »c, ' from her
late : residence, j42 South i Park, thenc* | to . St.-
, Rose's Churco, where a soiema requiem mass will
- be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencinc; at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
. Cros« Cemetery. '-;.-
BROWN— In Oakland. April 12.1837, Walter B ,
betove i husband of Nellie V. Biowu, and father
of Harolil V*. and Gladys ; Brown, a native or
Marysvillo, Cat. . aged 38 ears. ■
jjgf"Frifnds and acaualntances are respsit-
fuliy invited to al'enct ins funeral services
TO-MORROW" ( Wednesday), at X 1 o'clock a. m.,
at his late residence, 132 Rieventh street, Oak-
land, Cat. .Interment .Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. r , ■■•' - • ; ■ i ■■' " ■• t
j C>NNOLLY-In this city. April 11, 1897, Kat*.
beloved wife of John Connolly, and sister of
Mai Bowen. a native ot - County Kosconiraoa,
j Ireland. ■* ■ > • ■'• • . ■■:'■''
US-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvli<-d in attend [ii<» funeral THIS DAY
. (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her lats-
residence. 12-7 Florida -areei, t..t>uce o bt.
, Peter"* Church. Alabama street vvlier* a solemn
requiem muss will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ,h
COSWklu in this city, April 10. 1897. Thomas,'
beloved bnsban i of Hrldg;t Con wall, and lather
of Jsmei, .Lizzie, Thomas. Charles. Annie and
Maud Con well, a native of the parish of Kllly-
begs. County Donegal, Ir.^Und, .» «m 60 year*. 
• ftjtT Friends and acquaintances are- respect"
fnliv iivitertto attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late rei.-
de nee, la» Center street, off Brannan. between
p Beconr. a- d Third, thence to St.. Hose's i hurch
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. • - , •
LE MILLER— In this city, April 8, 1897, Mn.
Lo.iisikde Miller, a native of Guatemala, aged 30
■■ years. ■ •; - . . . .•
«3rßemainsatthepßrlorsof J. L Godeau, 305
M onteomery aveuue, tv be shipped to Guatemala
| Saturday.
, ENGLAND— In this city, April 12. 1597, Sarah'
Florence, beloved infant daughter of Newtoa'
and Sarah England, a native of ban Francisco,
aged 3 mourns and 12 days.
*S?-Thi» funeral will tata pl»c» THIS DAY
• (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the realdeoss
of the parent*. >U7 Ivy aveaue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENNIS— In this city, April 12, 1897. Mary, wife of
1 Lawrence turns, a native of Ireland, "aged 55
' yean. _ ■■
FOX— In this city, April 12, 1837, Lillle. dearly
beloved dau liter of Mary aud the late Police
Officer Pe.er Fox. and sister of T.s->ie and
Harry Fox, a native ot San Francisco, utfdd 19
years 4 months and 26 days.
FKASER— In this city, beloved son of Slraoa P.
and Mary Fras^r. and brother of Lin* and Irwia
Kraser, a native of Boston. Mais.. a.jced 21 yean
11 mon'h ■ nn«t 17 (lavs. ' '
JOS" Friends of deceased are respectfully invited
to attend tilt: funeral 'j'O-Jlumtuff (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'ciocic p. , from the residence of
his parents. 2931 Laguna street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GAGE— In this city, April 11. 1597. William Steh-
bins Gage, a native of Madrid. N. V., aged 65
years 5 months and 11 days.
jf3"FriendB are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MO ( Wednesday ),
at 1:. 0 o'clock p. m.. at b-.s late residenre, &j-i
.Bu«h street. interment private. Please omit
flower}. : .
G V DI Cl-In this city, April 11, 1897, Pasquale,
beloved husbuudof the late Lulgia Godlcl, and
father of Mr;. C. BontaJelll of King City. Cal.,
a native of Giornico, Can on Ticino, bwUzer-
land, aged (SB years. A member of the Swiss
Mv uai Benevolent Society.
JMTFrlendi and acquaintances are resoeci-
fnly invited to attend the luneral THIS DAY
(1 uesnavt, at '4 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Theoaor JJierts. 957 Mission Rtree:,
between .Fifth and Sixth. Interment Malonlo
Cemetery. : ■ -
HAYF.S-In North Oakland. April 11, 1897,
Michael Hayes, beloved brother or Mary liavet.
Mrs, Hurley of Nevada City and the late Peter
Hi'-*i.» native of Ireland. a;ed 70 years.
• •9"Frlendi and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the res I -
dence, 117 Foriy-fl:th street, ihenct- to ssacred
Heart Churcn, where a solemn requiem high
mast will ba celebrated at. y-..-0 o'clock a. m
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOOKEK— In this city, April 12, 1897. Mr*. .T. It,
beloved wiie of J. 11. Hooker, and mother of Mrs.
C- G. Sti-in and Belle Cowan, » native or New
York, aged 53 years 4 months and It! days.
HI'TTON"— In Alameda, April 11, 1*97, Hannah
X.. wife of John Huttjn, a nat.ve of Su
Mephens. N. B aged 67 years I month and 10
days. .
r a®~Friends and acquaintance* are r"?n9-;-- '
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Wednesday), at '£ o'clock p. m., from the
Uoward-str>te; ;.iethodlst Kpiscjpi. Church, 613
Howard street. San Francisco, interment X. o.
O. K. Cemetery. . ;■•;•■
KAN In this cltr. April 12. 1897. Mrs. B.
Kan*, beloved wife of tb&late Lawrence Kane.
mother of Sar;-.u Kane, Ma W. intone and
the late Mary Kane, and sister of Francia
O'Neill.' a native ot County iJerry. Ireland, asud
57 years.
ft«" Friends and acquaintances are rasp?Ct>
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORHO vV
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
lute residence, I'JOb Silver street, thence to St.
Hose's Church, where a requiem hii;h mass
will be - celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. laiermeui
Mount Oil vary Cemetery.
KKLLY -In this city, April 11. 1597. Vernon D.,
beloved son of Ernest and Fanny Kelly, a na-
tive or California. a<el 2 months and 2 days.
MKZ7.AK.v- In this city. April 12. l-> 97, Amelia
Mexzira, a native of Puns, France, aged 67
years.
AST* Friends and acquaintances ar» rmrtu':".-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from her lata
residence, 1404 California street*.
MURPHY— In this city, April 11. 1897. Jere-
miah, beloved son of Mr Ellen Murphy, and
brother of Mazgie. John, Deuuli, David. Patrick
and Daniel Murphy, a native of Timoleague,
County Cork, lretunx aged 1H years.
■ Friend and . acquaintances Are respect-
lull.- invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:SO o'clock a. m.. from hl» lat«
resilience, 1338 - t- o sotu street, theuua io St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated tor the repose of his soul, comm*a>
In; at 10 o'clock a- n. . interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery.
NEELY— In this city, April 10. 1897, Isaac, bo-
loved son of Mary and the late William Nelly,
a uaaive of Philadelphia Pa.
*••- Friends and acquaintances are re.ip>c>
fnllv Invited to attend the fungal THIS O.\\'
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. M.,"from hli late rest-
' uen c, 1329 Vallejo street, between L^rkic and
Hyde. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PEAROE— In ay wards. April 11,1897. William
U. Pearce, a native of Cornwall, Jinslani, ageU
66 years ana 10 months. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend :he funeral THIS -IAV
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Trinity
Kpiscopal Church, Hay wards. Interment Lone
Tree Ceme'^ery.
POWER— In this cltr. April 12. 1897. Mary Eliza-
beth, beloved daughter of John J. and Kilzabeua
Power, a native of &tv Francisco, aged 5 mouths
and 18 days.
PBKsBURY-fn this city, April 10. 1897, William
Waite Presburr, a native 'it Baltimore, Md.,aged
78 • "art 6 months aud I 5 days. - - -; •
£3" Friends : and acquaintances , ara respect*
folly Invite 1 to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 'A o'clock p. m., from Pioneer Hal.,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Masonio
Cemetery.
JIEIDY— In this city, April 11, 1897, John Keidy.
a native of Knockro?. parish of Byne, County
(.lar». Ireland, aged 47 years. " , :
JO* Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fuiiv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from tne under-
taking parlor* of Mctjinn Kroj.. 31 Eddy street.
Interment Hoi/ Cross Cemetery. ' . ; - : • ■ '
IOBKKTS — Friends ana acquaintances are rs-
spectfuily Invited to attend the nrvnve^mr.-
hUh mass at tt-Mar/'s Cathedral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at it o'clocic a. m., for the repose uf
the soul of John C Rjberts. .. •' l -
lABINS— In this city, April 11, 1837. Alfred C.
Sablns, a native of New York, aged 69 years. t
IMITH— In thU city, April 11. 1897, Thomas
Bradshaw Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years. . • _ - . _.' . .., ■
i AT" friends and acquaintance] are r«so»ct-
fu ly invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
• (Wednesday). a. 10:30 o'clock a k., froia tno par-
lors of the Golden Gate I Undertaking Company,
li-129 Mission street, near Twenty-first. - ..
TOKK-In this city, April 11. 1897. Andrew
Harold, .beloved son of Andrew and Margaret
Stork (nee Curran), a native o; baa Fraucisco,
a^>--( 1 year 7 months and 9 days.
US' Friends and acquaintances are resp*::-
fuliy Invited to attend tna funeral THIS DA.V
(Tuesday), at 1 1 '.'SO . o'clock p. m.. from the rest-
deaco of the : parents. 2973 Harrison street,
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. '
TEWART— In this city, April 10, 1897. Robert
W., beloved husband of Fanny stew father
of Mrs. P. F. E. steiner a id William T. F. Stew-
art. ' an d ' brother of J. H. Stewart, a native
of County Mo laghau, Ireland, a-e 1 43 years. A
member of Unity Lodge No. 't7, A. O. U. W.
and court ■ 1-ivj Oak - No. 67, Foresters of
America. . ■ - '
A9"Friends are respectfully Invited to ntteni
the funeral THIS DAY ■ (Tuesday), at 12
o'clock a., from. the residence. 01 his :aiutiu-r.
Seventeenth avenue south, uear F s-reet. thence
to Masonic Han, where services will b» held
under ■• : he auspices 'of t out h , San i Francisco
Lodge No. 212. Interment. Cypress Lawn ceoie-
tery. : :^''X:". ■' .'. '..'. '.'■' .^:'-'!";': '■':•". "' "■
McAVOY A CALLACHER,
FONKRAL DIBKCTORB A EMBALM KB!
tOWUtb St., Opp. Lincoimbchwol.
Telephone SOSO.
JAMKS BIcMENOJIJSI Jit SOX,
(JSUiiKi'AKJtliiS \NJD KMJk4AJL,Mt:jR3.
iui>> Aliswion Street, liesr &e>«su(,ii. -
'^ y. 4. j; ivlwplioue .-ou'ii :-i54- : j- ,-■
AS. ENGLISH. - ; : T. K. CAKE
CAREW & ENGLISH,
L.NDERTAKKRS AND KMBAUliiii* . '
FVNKUAL MRECTOKS,
JPViuii'Ness aye.. near i»utf jm. ai. ; o-u i-'raaslsoi
Telephono bo. 154 ,\ -*• -. •/
I". U GCNTZ. H. W. GASTXEK
GANTN2R & QUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY ±1 ALL smLAI.U
Telephone Soutb 432 L
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETER?,
SAN ItATKO COUNTY: JiEABBST CKMI*
tery to the city ; uoa-B«ct»rian ; la no wive ar-
eluwve; iocauon uneice:le<t O0ic« *Vi M*r*tf
1314
JOOST HAS
ABANDONED
HIS CLAIMS
Will Make No Effort to
Redeem the San Mateo
Road.
FUTURE PLANS OF THE
OWNERS.
Tbe Entire Line to Be Relaid
With Eighty Four- Pound
Rails.
NEW ROLLING STOCK ALSO TO
BE ADDED.
Several Feeders to Be Constructed ss
Soon as Franchises Can B;
Secured.
Bebrend Joost has abandoned all his
alleged rights to redeem the San Mateo
Railway and that property is now abso
lutely and completely owned by A. B.
JSpr.ckels, J. D. Soreckels, J. A. Buck, N.
Ohlandt and others, who purchased it for
$300,000 a year ago at a sale made by tne
receiver of the then insolvent corporation.
Since then the company was reorgan
ized under the title of tne San Mateo
Electric Hallway Company, with officers
as follows: President, A. B. Sprectels;
vice-president. J. A. Buck; treasurer,
Walter Gibson; secretary, W. Clayton,
and with J. D. Spreckels as the riftii
director.
Owing to apprehended legal entangle
ments ibe road was simply operated as
best it couid be in the condition in which
it was when the transfer was made, though
it was realized that v.ere was ample room
for improvement. Tlie line runs irnm the
corner of Steuart and Market streets via
Harrison, Fourteenth, Guerrero, Chenery
and various other minor streets and
the County road, beyond the County road
into San Mateo County, and on to Holy
Cross Cemetery. Its entire length is
about thirteen miles.
The new owners yesterday announced
that they would at once begin Hie work of
improvins and extending tne line, and be
tween $200,000 and $;>OO.OOO will be ex
pended on the enterprise to bring it up to
its bigne*t state of efficiency, both for the
benefit of the public and tne stockholders.
Evry foot of tract is to be replaced
wi'h sleel rails, and the rolling
stock will be improved by the addition of
a number of new cars and the complete
renovation of all t^e cars now ;u service.
When all the contemplated improve
ment? have been made the service will be
more frequent, more rapid and more com
fortable, and will offer every inducement
to those living along tlie route to patronize
the remodeled line.
But the most important step that will
be taken by the present owners will be
the construction of a number of feeders to
the main line in various portions of this
County and also beyond the County line.
While it is unqualifiedly stated that this
plan is to be carried out, the details, in
cluding even the preliminary steps for
the feeders, have not yet been dec ded
upon. The first work will be to secure
the franchise's for the proposed branch
Jines, and where the extensions are to be
built will depend largely upon where
franchises and rights of way can be most
readily and favorably obtained.
There is to be a meeting of the directors
of the road to-morrow, »t which many of
the proposed improvements and exten
sions will be discussed and decided upon
in detaii.
PURE-FOOD CRUSADE.
I. on in Hartter, Wholesale Grocer, Fined
for Selling Adulterated Kant
em Jellies. ; , .
Louis Hartter of the firm of Hartter,
Hayes &. Co., wholesale grocers, 216 Front
street, who was convicted by a jury in
Judge Campbell's court Friday of selling
adulterated Eastern jellies, appeared for
sentence yesterday.
The Judge said that as it was the first
offense ne would not inflict the full pen
alty, bat if the defendant appeared biiore
him again and was convicted he would
not be so lenient. He imposed a tine of
$60.
Attorney Reddy, for the defendant, ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus before
Judge S=wall, with the view of -esiing the
constitutionality of the adulterated -food
act, and the defendant was released on
$500 bonds.
Hartter, previous to the trial of his case,
filed an affidavit for a change of venue,
alleging that he could not get a fair and
impartial trial owing to the bias and
prejudice of the Judee, who, he alleged,
had attended a meeting of the Board of
Health and had stated there that he would
convict in ail cases.
The Judge characterized tbe allegations
as false and hinted that Hart'er might
have to answer a charge of perjury. He
refused to transfer the case, as it had
been held there could be no change of
venue in the Police Court-.
• "in nit- ii <•• I Ills Kilt iet.
Dr. Tormey, the recently appointed assist
ant physician at the Receiving Hospital, com
menced hi*- duties last evening. He has with
him Dr. O'Brien as an interne. This) makes
four assistant physicians now, instead of
three as hereto. ore.
raw to-dat: • ''0-s;f£y
FOR
SKIN-TORTURED,
D m IjElv
DADlfcO
, And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
with Cuticuba Soap, and a single application
of Cuticcba (ointment), the great skin cute.
Concurs a Remedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
' figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
. ing. crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
' - Sola throughout tut world. : Fottkb Obco awb CMmtL
C*>ar.. Sol* Prow.. Bo»«on. . ■■■■■ •-_'-.
• mr '■ Bow to Cure Skin-Tortured litmti. - fraa. . -
■ o IV I 11 OvA L D cuticura 6oap. by
olvln ouRLr ccwcl-ra bOAP.
MICHAEL DAVITT, THE IRISH PATRIOT.
MICHAEL DAVITT
ON POLITICS
Sympathy of the Great
Irish Leader for the
Greeks.
British Bondholders Considered
Rather Than the Claims
of Humanity.
Home Rue Must Remain in the Back
prounJ tor a Time B cause of an
Unfavorab c M jority.
Michael Davitt, member of Parliament
from Ireland, arrived in Oakland last
Sunday evening with his wife and cnil
dren on a visit to his wife's aunt, Mrs.
CanniDg, at 954 Sixteenth street.
The party left Londoa two weeks ago
Jast Saturday. For nine years up to a
year ego they h>id neen living at Bally
brack, County Dublin, a locality rich in
scenic beauties.
For the past year they had been living
in London. Mr. Dan: t was obliged to
give up his : ome in Ireland owing to his
having been elected to Parliament two
years ago. and I, is duties as a member of
mat body requiring him to live in Lon
dan. They have come to California to
gain health in the warm airs that come in
through lint Golden Gate.
Mrs. Divitt and the children will re
main in Oakland for a year or two, while
Mr. Daviti wiil be oblig ed to start for Lon-
don •within n few days.
To a Tribune reporter Mr. Bavin said
"I am happy to say that we Irish mem
bers of the House of Commons were tiu
tirst to move in the matter of parlia
memory action in favor of the policy pur
sued by the King of Greece on this ques
tion, it was ihe Irish members who sug
gested and helped to carry through tin
memorial to the King of Greece which
was signed by 100 members o: the Hoisc
of Commons anJ dispatched to him at t
critical moment rive or six weeks aeo.
"Tui* act of ours was fiercely denounced
by the Government in the Home of Com
mons, but we were satisfied that we rep
resented the overwhelming mass of popu
lar leeline in Great liri.ain and Ireland in
our action; and I am confident the me*
saee of encouragement which we sent to
the King from the House of Commons
encouraged him to persevere in a policy
which has the approval of all the friends
of freedom in Europe.
"The action of the English Government
in this Eastern crisis is very reprehensi
ble. It is dictated not by any 3inceie wish
to further the cause 01 liberty in Crete,
but by a wish to uphold what are called
'British interests' in Constantinople and
Turkey. Tho«e interests are represented
oy some $100,030. 0O) 01 English invest
ment*, and Loml Salisbury thinks more of
the interests of English bondholder- than
of the liberty and rights of the Christian
people of Crete in their struggle against
an intolerable tyranny.
••With reference to the home rule ques
tion it is for the present and, so far as
parliamentary action goes, in the back
: round; but that will only be for a short
time. Our opponents who are now in
power have a majority of 140 in the House
of Commons, and while they remain in
office there is no chance of our obtaining
Kuch a measure of liberty as we demand.
As I have already pointed out. the Tories
are so unpopular over their policy in the
B«at that they would be defeated by an
overwhelming majority if there conid
be a general election immediately. I do
not expect any such fortunate occurrence
a- an immediate general election, as Lord
Salisbury is under no constitutional obli
gation to resign on account of his blun
ders over the Cretan difficulty; but when
ever he is compelled by choice or political
circumstances to appeal to the electors of
Great Britain and Ireland the Liberals,
who are pledged to concede home rule to
Ireland, ■nill be returned lo power, and
we, the Irish members, will insist upon
their making home rule the first item of
thrir lfgisl* tivo programme."
''How do you find the Irish-Americans
on the question of home rule!" was asked.
"Well, I have found in my intercourse
with leaning Irish-Americans in New
York and Chicago as I came alone that
interest in the national cause of Ireland is
as keen as ever among our Iri-h-Amcrican
friends in the United States. These irlends
art, as a matter of course, disheartened
at the divisions which have obtained
during (he last five or six years in the
old country. So long n« these divisions
exist it is not to be expected that we
will obtain from sympathizers on this side
of the Atlantic that measure ot hearty
support which was given to us ten or
twe;ve years aeo, and by means of which
assistance we were enabled to make such
splendid progress with our cause. I am
satisfied, however, that when we are again
reunited, as I expect we shall be within
the next year or two, we will again obtain
from our friends and kindred in the United
States unstinted support in our efforts to
free Ireland from English rule at>d the
curse of Irish landlordism. You may say
to the readers of the Tribune that I am
very hopeful of th« future of the home
rule movement."
A new French coin will be shortly
issued — value 25 centimes. It will be
A new French coin will be shortly
issued — value 25 centimes. It will be
found most useful, as at present there is
no coin tietween the half-franc and the
10- centime piece.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
JACOBS TO GET
THE SUB-TREASURY
Irving M. Dudley Likely to
Be Made the Hawaiian
Minister.
J. W. Ragsda'e of Santa Rosa
Liable to Get the Post at
Ca'cutta.
M j>r McLiushlin Gives Much Inter
esting News Regarding Devel
opments at Washington
Major Frank McLaughlin has returned
here after several weeks in Washlneton.
He says there is no doubt that Colonel
Jackson will get the Collectorship of the
Port and Mr. Leach of Oakland ttie Direc-
torship of the Mint.
"Besides these," said the major, "Julius
Jacobs is slated for the sub-treasury and
John C. Lynch for Internal Revenue Col
lector of the Southern district. Mr.
Spear was originally slated for Col
lector of the Port, but owing to the
opposition of the Senate lie was with
drawn. However, it is pretty certain that
Mr. McKinley will take care of him and
give Him something else.
"If any one eets any of the posts outly
ing from the Coast it will be Irving li.
Dudley of San Diego. He will either be
Minister to Hawaii or go 10 Peru. Idon'i
think young Hswall has any show for
Hawaii. He didn't seem to have the back
ing of the Sanate, and that, by the way,
is something a man for an appointive
office ha* to have. The Senators may, at
times, fight among ttiemselves, but on
these things they move together like a
snowalide. I wish this was Detter under
stood. The Seriate is everything. It's the
big end of things.
"J. W. Ragsdaie of Santa Rosa is a can
didate for Consul to Calcutta, and will
probably get it. I think Milton J. Green,
the attorney, of this City, will probably
eet the consulship to Shanghai. Francis
will be Collector at Los Angeles, and Cap
tain H. Z. Osborne will g«t the United
States marshalsbip. A» to Sheriff Me-
Kenzie's light for ibe marshalship of the
nortuern dstrict I don't know.
''I want to say mat we have a most ex
cellent delegation in Congress. Loud,
Hiluorn and Barbam, 1 think, as Con
gressman rank up with the very best of
them. Sen i tor Perkins is ri^nt in the
front, too. He is on iwo important com
mittees in the Senate and is rapidly be
coming a leader.
"It gives me pleasure to state that the
National Committee are hand in glove
with this committee. We here in Cali
fornia uardlv realize how important our
victory is regarded in the Kust. Califor
nia in consequence is held in the very
higtUMt estimation. And 1 made arrange
ments with Chairman Haiuia and Major
Dick, tac secretary, that will keep our com
mittee in constant touch with the Na
tional Committee.
"All our people should remember in the
distribution of offices that 1 have alluded
to that there are so many applicants that
only one in a hundred, approximately
speaking, can be successful. But I would
earnestly ask tbat you put party above
everything, and stand united and make
it solid.
"Mr. McKenna is a power in Washing
ton. He is looked up to, and I don't be-
Jieve there is a man ttiere wiiom McKin
ley regards higher. As to Mr. Estee and
the judgesbip, th.»t came up after I leit."
EPWORTHS IN SESSION.
Fund* liaised for the Gospel Wagon in
Which the Lea Will Work
- -Among the Lowly.
• The scarlet and white colors of the Ep
worth League graced the walls of Grace
Methodist Church, corner of Twenty-first
and Capp streets, last evening, the occa
sion being the sixteenth quarterly con
vention o! the Epwortb League ; Alliance.
; Outside the church door , was drawn up
,the beautiful white gospel wagon,* which
the league recently had ", built at a cost of
$600.;. •■;'-■■: -,:—; • -,-,--.-- -
■ Tne feature of the evening was an ad
dress by Rev. Joseph F. . Berry, D.D., of
Chicago, editor 01 the Epworth Herald, in
{which- be kept the audience 1 vibrating be
tween : tears and laughter with humorous
and pathetic anecdotes. ...'-;' .. ..
: At the close of the entertainment the
[Gospel wacon was v dedicated by Rev. W.
W. Case, D.D. _...:;, ,:,.->
i ; A large ; subscription was taken up in
response : to 'Rev.; Mr. Berry's, appeal -to
pay off the debt 01 $200 on the wagon. .
| . The following was the programme: •;*
• . Song,' "Onward. Epworih Leaguers," congre
gation : ■one, "The ( Sen net and > White? ;V
tcripiure reading, Mrs. Julia , R. . Davidson;
pray«r,r Rev. F. K. Baker; vocal »010,. Miss
Augusta Jantzen; . address,' Rev. 11. F.'Bnggs;
address Rev. F. V. Fisher; song, "When me
Roll Ik - Called Up Yonder," congregation;
bong, "sunshine," congregation; co. lection;
vocnl selection. "Sleep, Little Baby of Mine"
(Dennee-Smltti). Lyric ■ Quartet, Mrs. Martin
Soliulu, 1 Miss Tlli>on, Miss Alice Part
■ridge, Miss Nellie Par«.rid«rc; address, the Rev.
Joseph F. Berry, D.D..01 Chicago, editor 01 the
Kpworln . Her«ld; . - vocal «010, - "Oh Fair, Oh
Sweet and Holy" (O. Cantor), Miss Alice Bran
nan; dedication of > the ; Gospel wagon by the
Rev. W. W. Case, D.D., superintendent.
. "■•'•.-■-. . ■ ■-■■ -. ;■-. *•-■_*. ■:■ •- ■ . r~-.'- ' .'■'-■ •
If your printer can't get the '"Genuine Bank
Stock" paper, &end to My Bell-Rollins, 122 Clay.*
ROBBED
A TILL IN
BROAD DAY
Bold Sneakthieves Loot a
Ferry Ticket-
Office.
THIRD TIME WITHIN A
MONTH.
Tbe Cash Drawer of the Creek
Route Department Taken
Bcdily.
AGENT M'CABE WAS AT HIS
LUNCH.
One Hundred anl Eight Dollars Se
cured—No Clew to the Maraud-
ers Faund as Yet.
One of the boldest and most successful
daylight robberies that have annoyed the
police and the victims in some time past
occurred on Saturday last, when the
ticket office of the creek route ferry at the
foot of Market street was looted by sneak
thieyes.
Thn oftice is situated outside of the
main ferry building andj ust soutn of that
structure, the back of the little house
resting against the south end of the bie
building. A wide gate, through which
teams pass on their way to the creek
boats, leads to it and is left open at times
during the day when the traffic is the
heaviest.
At noon on the day mentioned the rob
bers — their number is not known — entered
the office and carried away all of the cash
representing the morning's receipts and
made good their escape without being
discovered. Tuey were not satisfied with
taking the coin, which amounted to $10J<
and a few cents, but took the drawer in
which it was contained along with them.
The gate was open at the time and it is
supposed that they went out as they came
in, mingling with the crowd of workmen
on their wny to their noonday meal, and
then made their way away from the water
lront to escape detection.
The office is in charge of Ticker Agent
McCabe, who was at lunch at the time the
robbery occurred.
Mr. McCabe leaves an assistant to take
bis place while at lunch, and the supposi
tion is thai the thieves, knowing the
agent's habits ana having seen him go
out, wailed until the assistant had cone
out on the wharf to attend to some duty
and ihen toot advantage of their oppor
tunity to secure the money and escape.
They left aoaoluteiy no clew behind them
for the detectives to wort on.
Tne similarity of this robbery to the
one that occurred at the Sausaiito ferry
some time ago, when a considerable sum
wa- secured, has led to the belief that the
same parties were concerned in both
crimes.
It is believed that the robbers will be
located in hangers-on about the ferries
who, being familiar with Mr. McCabe's
daily routine and Knowing that his relief
was busy, saw that it would be easy to
loot the place and escape.
Detectives Siivey and Bagan, who are
on duty on the water front, are working
diligently on the case, and while they
have found no positive evidence, have two
men under surveillance. The detectives
of the railroad company are also bu?y
searching for a clew to the robbers, be
ing nerved by tue fact that this is the
third robbery of railroad ticket-offices that
hag occurred within the past month,.
The first was at the Sausalito ferry, th'n
second at Third and Towusend streets,
and (he third at the creek- route office.
The loss falls particularly heavily on
Agent McCabe, who will probably have
to make good the amount taken unless
the money is recovered, which is quite
improbable.
BULLETS FLEW WIDE.
Alice English, a Young Woman, Took
Several Shots at »n Ad
mirer,
Miss Alic* English, a young woman
who resides in the Irvington rooming
house. 418 Ellis street, took a few shots at
a young man Known as Cane, a g'.a
zier by occupation, last Saturday evening,
but fortunately for him the scare was the
worst in jury he suffered.
The shooting it is stated, was the cul
mination of an angry dispute between the
actors in the tragic episode, Cane has
for some time been a frequent visitor at
rooms of the young woman, but of laic
iheir views on several questions relating
to their future happiness have materially
disagreed.
Saturday evening the couple met and
quarreled, and at me climax of the dis
mite Alice English drew a revolver and
tired three shots at Cane in rapid suc
cession.
Tne bullets flew wide of their mark, and
the intended target made a hasty exit.
All tie parties directly or indirectly con
cerned in the controversy have appar
ently combined in an effort to keep the
matier quiet. Consequently it is not at
all likely that any ar:e«tß will iollow.
THE TEACHERS' CLUB.
An Agreeable Reception to Honorary
Member* at the Mercantile Li
brary Building
The San Francisco Teachers' Club, at the
Mercantile Library building, last evening
gave a reception in honor of the newly
elected honorary members of the clvb —
Superintendent Webster, Deputy Super
intendent Stone and the members of the
Board of Education. The exercises con
sisted of music, recitations and addresses.
J'rofessor* Barnes and Griggs of titanlord
University talked.
The Philomel Indies' Qnartet— Miss
EvaTenney, Mrs. C. W. Mark. Mrs. E. B.
11 uMchan] and Mrs. Emilie Parrott — en
tertained the teachers and their guests in
delightful fashion. For an encore they
son; with pathetic tenderness the old
plantation melody, "Dere'.« no more work
for poor Uncle Ned. lor he has gone where
de pood niggahs go."
Miss biarfce recited "My Sweetheart."
This dub is compoaed chiefly of teachers
connected with the bij;ti schools and
Grammar erades. It is a progressive or
ganization, aiming to advance educa
tional wo r k and at the same lime observ
ing the Bocial amenities. Refreshments
were served at the reception last night.
The facsimile ' y^~ '■ fff* ', f*** "on every wrapper
signature of ■ £*a//ffi£U6ZiU of CASTOEIA. C
MR. MOFFITTS Launch Augusta.
LINCOLN A NAME
TO CONJURE WITH
Enthusiasm and Cash for
the Monument Pro
j ?ct.
Every Mail Brings Letters From
Leading; Men of the
Nation.
omniander-in-Chief of the Gi and
Army and State Superintendent of
New York Schools Reply.
The proposed monument in Golden Gate
Park to the memory of Abraham Lincoln
is enlisting the attention and enthusiasm
of leading men of the United States,
Every mail that arrives in San Frnncisco
brings commendatory letters to W. W.
Stone, president of the Lincoln Monu
ment League. Many of the letters inclose
cash contributions for certificates. United
States Senator George C. Perkins sub
scribed for two certificate!— one for him
self and one for Mr. Stone — and signified
his intention to make a larger contribu
tion to the monument in the future.
Yesterday's mail brought a letter from
T. 8. Clarkson, commander-in-chief of
the Grand Army of the Republic, as fol
lows:
HEADQUARTERS (i RAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC, )
OMAHA, Neb., April 8. 1897. j
W. W. Stone, president of Lincoln Monument
National League— Dear in and Comrade: I
nave read wltn great interest the circular of
your league, eeuing forth its object and
methods, and let me say that I am in lull sym
pathy with you in your patriotic undertaking.
I wish a monument to tha martyred Lincoln
might be erected in every p«rk in the land a^
a patriotic lesson to the children, but espe
cially at the Golden Gate as a lesion to visitors
from other countries.
It is VJry appropriate that we should have a
Lincoln day lv all our public schools, when
the children may be especially iinpre>se<i with
the study of the character of that great man.
This, however, should be on February 12 of
each year, the anniversary of his birth. The
Friday belore Memorial day Is devoted In
very many of the States, and t hope soon to
see in all, to talk to the children by the ye -
eraus of the war on the object and lessons ot
Memorial day that tney may fully understand
why we ask them to bring flowers and why we
decorate. Let the day be February 12, and let
the good work go on. Command me. Very
truly yours, T. S. Clarksox,
Commander-in-Chief.
Charles R. Skinner, president of the
National Educational Society and State
Superintendent of New York, wrote the
annexed letter:
State or New York, Department of PtblicJ
Instruction. Albany. April 6. 1897. |
Mr. W. W. Stowe, thai* man Lincoln Monument
League, San Francisco — Dear Sir: I hare your
favor of the Ist inM. iiicios-iug circular relat
ing to ;ho Lincoln Monument League. I have
read your .otter and the circular with great
interest.
I am in thorough sympathy with every
movement looking to patriotic education in
our schools, and I am sure we are improving
every opportunity to impress upon our school
children the importance of that feature of our
educational work. I have always advised that
every National holiday be sacredly oDserved
In our schools, and 1 am confident that
throughout our State there is a general obser
vance of every important day in the calendar
of tne year.
I do not know how thoroughly we can in
terest the people ot this State in erecting a
monument to Lincoln so far away, although
distance can hardly lessen the interest of the
people in the greatest American who ever
lived.
Memorial day has come to be observed in
this State more generally than any other holi
day, and particularly by our schools. We
have also anotner uav in May, which it ob
served by our schools— Arbor day.
I note that Memorial day this year falls upon
Sunday, and of course it will be oDserved upon
pome other day, no doubt in many schools on
Friday, but In others on Monday, "it has been
the custom for many years for our children to
bring flowers to our schoolhouses for the use
of the Grand Army memorial committees. I
have no hesitation in co-operating so far as
possible with all organizations that desire to
mate a special effort in this direciion this
year. Many of our Grand Army people are in
the habit, and have been for many year*, of
visiting our schools on that day and making
appropriate addresses.
I shall be glad to heiir from you further, and
if I can be of any service in widening or deep
ening the Interest in Memorial duy exercises
it will be a great pleasure to do so. Yours
very sincerely, Charles R. Skinner,
State Superintendent.
W. T. Hurris, United States Commis
sioner of Education, has written a patri
otic and encouraging letter.
The Advisory Board as now constituted
consists of Mayor Pueian, E. B. Pond, L.
R. Eliert, T. H. Goodman, Cnarles L.
Barrington and School Directors Ragan,
Waller and Head, Henry E. Hichton,
Joseph P. Le Count and Charles B.Perkins.
The Grand Army of the Republic stands
as sponsor for the monument land, and
assurance is given that tne money will not
be expended for salaries and office ex
penses. Every dollar given will be de
voted to the bufldingof the monument.
PRESBYTERIAN BANQUET.
In, Honor of th» Theological .Seminary
•' at San Anacliuo. i*, ;- ,
There ii to be a grand banquet of the
: Presbyterian. Ministerial Association of
Sau Francisco and bay cities at the Occi
dental Hotel on April 29, to commemo
rate the twenty-fifth: anniversary of the
establishment of the theological seminary
at.6an Anselrao. From 200 to 300 guests
are to be present. ' -SV&mbgtt
. Darin? the afternoon of the same day
historic exercises will be held at Calvary •
Chnrch under the auspices of the faculty
of '.he institution. ... : . . ' .. : J . L ... .'
Wedding l>li«.
Dr. Will S. Clark of Ontario, Cal., and Miss
Jennie M. Woods of San Jose were married on
the morning of April 9. The ceremony took
place at the residence o; the bride's brother of
San Jose and wai performed by Rev. P H.
Bodkin of Los Angeles editor <>f the California
Independent, an intimate iriend of the groom.
After a dulighiful luncheou the happy cou-le
iook Itae morning trnin for Mootcev and Pa
cific Grove, retnrnintr to the City next week.
On statistics iur.jisntu by the pharma
cists it ia estimaied that there are in
Paris alone 50,000 victims of the mcrphine
habit, among them 30,000 women.
THE AUGUSTA IS
IN HOME WATERS
Frank J. Mo'fitt Owns the
Fastest Launch on the
Bay.
A. Model of Neatness, Comfort
and Art From the Figure-
Head to the Fiagstaff.
Many New lieas Never Before At
tempted on Pleasure Craft
Built on th B.y.
The swiftest and coziest pleasure launch
on the bay, the Augusta, bas just been
brought over to her moorings in the Oak
l land estuary. She was built for Frank J.
Moffitt of Oakland, and is the cleverest
in every particular ever built on this coasi.
Art and comfort predominate from the
very stem. The figurehead is an original
carved figure and the scroll work from it
follows along either side of the bow for
| many feet, forming a rail to the forward
i deck.
Immediately abaft the forward bulkhead
is a semi-circular pilot-bouse. By a neat
little wheel the pilot handles the craft
while being enabled to keep a sharp look
out nearly all around the horizon.
Next to the pilot-house, on the star
board side, is the engine-room, in which
there is a powerful piece of machinery,
' capable of propelling the craft thirteen
miles an hour. It is a easoline engine,
one of the latest patterns of 1897, with all
j the improvements and perfections sug-
g ested by the engineers who have had ex
perience with that model. As a result the
machinery is almost silent.
The saloon is, as it should bo, the piece
de resistance of the boat. All around are
! large windows from wolch -ursts can re
ceive the full pleasure of the view without
: any of the unpleasantness ol wind or
j spray. The windows are hung with pretty
curtains, which are chosen to match the
delicately patterned carpet on the floor
and the richly corduroy upholstered cush
ions which are placed on either side. A
pretty shade of olive green has been
cbosen for the upholstery, and it presents
a charming harmony of color with tne
richly polished mahogany wainscoting,
which is used all over, not only the saloon,
but every portion ol the boar.
While within all is suggestive of com
fort and ease, without everything is indi
cative of strength, and the Augusta could
certainly stand a very heavy stretch of
bad weather without in any way doing
herseli any injury or causing any discom
fort to those on ooard.
I>. M. Vanwart, the designer, in layine
I her lines, departed somewhat from the
old conservative models and chose a
design which experience has suggested is
best litted for a pleasure craft. The exact
measurements of the Augusta are: Ex
treme length 38 feet 6 inches, beam 7 leet
6 inches, average deptn 4 feet 6 inches.
The draught of water, owing to the novel
lines on which the keel is laid, is 2 feet 8
inches forward and 3 feet 8 inches aft.
SESSION OF THE PRESBYTEEY.
Rev. K. H. JciDki 1.1. ■< t,-.l to Be the New
Moderator. #
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Presbytery last night at the First Presby
terian Church the semi-annual session
was opened with devotional exercises.
The Scriptures were read by Rev. Duncan
Monroe, and Elder George Mearns led in
prayer. Rev. D. B. Stewart; ttie retiring
moderator, delivered a sermon on "The
Evasion of Responsibilities."
R. W. Reyno.'ds was elected temporary
clerk and Rev. E. H. Jenks as moderator.
At 9 a. M. to-day the business session of
the presbytery will open and continue
during the day.
• — «• — «
Turk-Street Protestants.
A committee of property-owners on Turk
street has issued a call for residents on that
thoroughfare to meet at the chambers of the
Board of Supervisor" to-morrow evening at 7
o'clock to protest against th« giving away of
thirty-one feet of the north side of Turk street,
between Broderict street and Masonic avenue.
NEW TO-DAT.
El Belmont
Clear— — —
Havana —
Cigars
. , FINER THAN EVER.
FOR SALE .BY ALL DEALERS.
ALL COLORS.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.
RINALDO
; , iV BROS. ' . pacific
&ff) COAST
~y.Vf"» aoen/s
300-302 Battery Street. S. F.
frilJtf] Mat YtptaK; Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands u( p«rsoat who
have us -d tueni for over forty years to cure -
8 CX HEADACHE, UIUDIM-.M-, C ..N^r?P\-
TIO.n, torpid Liver, Weak =>u>niuch. i'lm;)ies and'
purify the b.ood. •_' - ■
t r .._. . . 
Grossman's SDecilic Hixtars
% WUh tuts temedy' p»r.->oiis can 'cure liHinif
, without the least exposure, cbange of diet, or
change in application to ' business. The , medicine'
contains noihing that Is of the least injury to tlio
constitution. Ask our Uruscist tor it.' I'iKe, $1
a boit.e.
DUFFY'S PURE
fWmedicinal'ijse !
NO FUSEL OIL
Taken after Exposure to Cold,
it will quicken circulation and
thus prevent CONGESTION and
GRIP.
' Demand it of your Druggist or
Grocer. Send for pamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
A
Secret.
X^|||p^ TTAVE YOU ONE*
fiffidTtf'~~^ k \ Doea it concern
fwMm>f ■ \ your health, and all
yfftftijv/ \ that depends upon
aPsKT '&££&&&')■ your health? Does
Wtffw S!i_>^Yj it irouble and per-
JKV^I j P lex you until your
vf-fil '*j(&9*^n? head aches and your
I "Vi-^^W?li"V4 heart seems too full
jNo^IWa;-^* to hold it? If so, do
A, v -|^*qMy^ not confess to your
&ScsH^Ly£§[^l\b* family ; it would only
HKwflV!l cause them shame
WeSffes.^Wnw v «-f and grief. Do not
(DOCTOR COOK.) tell your closest
friend; friendships are not always lasting,
and the temptation to gossip is great.
J But if you need sympathy, counsel and
aid tell all to Doctor Cook. He will do
more than help you keep your secret. He "
will help you to forget it. Diseases fully
cured soon cease to be even memories.
Suffering Women. ft,"*,*™
is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly reason why you
should longer endure the miseries aris-
ing from Irregularities, Periodical Head-
aches, Falling or Displacement of tUe
Womb, Leucorrhcea, Nervousness, . Hys-
teria and like ailments, which rob you of
your strength, health and beauty, and
make you prematurely old. In sacred
confidence, tell everything to Doctor
Cook, who is an expert on all Female
Complaints.
Weak Mpn »ns,middle-agedand
▼TCdiv men, old who have * lolaled
the laws of nature: You are now reaDiug
the result of your former lolly. Many
of you have Evil Dreams, Exhausting
/;.•- Drains, Impotency, Atrophy or the Wast-
ing Away of the Organs, Lost Manhood;
Weak, Aching Back; Frequent, Painful
Urination and Sediment in Urine; Plm»
pies, Nervousness, Sleeplessness, Bash-
tuluess, Despondency, Stupidity, Loss of
Ambition or simllarsymptoms. In brief,
your body, brain and sexual organs have
become weak. Doctor Coot can restore
to you what you have lost— YOUR PRE-
CIOUS MANHOOD. He can tit you tor
pleasure, study, business and marriage,
and send you out into the world with
life anew. ; .. .
VariCOCf»!p> Hydroce'.e, Gonorrhoea.
: y cii ituccit, Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured b? Doctor Cook in
. the shortest possible time.
KJrlnf»v ladder, Urinary, Liver, Stom-
lvlullc .y» ach, Heart and Lung Diseases;
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and Brain Dis-
eases; Blood and Skin Diseases, and
Piles, Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture and
Chronic Catarrh permanently cured by
the latest and best methods Known to
medical science.
Moil Treatment Always satisfac-
XT let n 1 red 11IICI1 L tory Therefore
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Office hours: 9
to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7toB p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR rOftlf 865 Market St.
; MJXJXj 1 \JM\ San Francisco. Cal.
I
STRONG AGAIN -J^s
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and < stop ' forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create a .healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rusrfced strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per. box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago. r
000000-0000-000
AN EXCELLENT
iII /Til? AT Properly prepared and
I VlrL./AL, Promptly served, can
* VJJ — *■■■—' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the VtV'A T A'
Most Popular MA I A ( In
Dining Apart- ■*■ •* 11-^i\Vjiu
men t in town. . wmmmmmmaatßmmßßsm
O<KXKKKKH>OOOO
DR.MCNULTY.
rrHISWKIX KNOWN AXD RKLrABr.E OT.I.
.1- .Specialist curat Prlvnte.Nervous.Bloortand Skin
Diseases of Men only.:- Manly rower restore.": Ov*r
-•O.TPars'experienc^; Send for Book, free. Patents
S"{!h?.S t int OI Sw rfrms reiLsoiiHble. Hours. 9 to 3
fluily ; 6:3o t0 8..» ev's:s. Sundays. 10 to 12. Cononlta-
tion free and aiicredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McJIULTT, W. I>\
«6' s ' Efainjr ftitrt-et, San t'raad»c», Col.
HrlaVF*Ynil ?. 0^ • Tci ' liat - -PinipieT cJppe'r-ia
HR, It . l ':. U Colored Spots, Aches, Old HovesMi
ffi|Uccrs in Month, nair-1-alling! Write COOKS
ffiBKMEUY CO., 307 MS.onic Temple^
IBi' . i'i'il^^l 1 " for Proot3 of can*. « upl-Sj
01 '.,^ 00 " 000 ' Worst ewes cured In 10l
Mjjto SS dayi. lOO a c book Tree. SB
_J\4&SJ&^^hS*rim n >» *• i* a uon-pononon«
J, p mt'<iy for Honor. hu»a,
Gleet, bpermatorrhcea!
JRV in i to 5 i»rs.'Wß V, bites, unnatural ,ii«l
JVf Qo»r»nlttr4 _J^ charges, or au» inflamma.
«•»■ n»* «° "trleture. tlon. irritation or ulcora-
g—JPr«venu eonugto*. .» tion of ■ mucous morn-
W»*]j T HEtViIWS CheMIOI Co. braneß.- Non-astringen-.
IfIAciNCINHATI.O SUB Sold by »ru«ei«fc,
ink D.3.i 2Br2 r Bent >n-plain wr-p»«-
I s "PATENTS i
. TV^^2o MARKET ST.S.fS«m^
■fi^^^B9BßKfu'- r <' '. ' '. I* ' 'f/'iFi / fii 1 1' MiiMi 'I 1 1 *! i i ■iMiWPfiff'W