VOLUME I_XXXI,-NQ_ 71.
BLUEJACKET HEROES
BRAVE THE HURRICANE
Admiral Bunce's Squadron
. Passes Through a Big
Storm.
WARSHIPS HAVE A VERY
CLOSE CALL.
• Terrible Experience in the Gale
While Off the Coast of
South Carolina.
v POUR LIVES LOST AND EIGHT
( MEN BADLY INJURED.
v
v ______________________
Gallant Marines and Sailors Dash
Overboard to Rescue Comrades
From the Waves.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 8. — The
warships New York, Maine, Columbia,
. Amphitrite and Marblehead arrived off
Charleston bar to-day after a terrible ex
perience with the storm which swept up
the south Atlantic coast Fr'day and Sat
' urday. The cruiser Columbia and the
battle-ship Maine were sighted from Sulli
vans Island early in the forenoon, and
the flagship New York, the monitor Am
phitrite and the cruiser Marblehead
steamed inte view later, the flagship being
the last of the squadron to reach an
anchorage to the north of the Charleston
lightship. All five of the vessels are now
at anchor about two miles off the bar.
Admiral Bunce's fleet ran straight into
• the teeth of a terrible storm Friday night.
The warships were forty miles off the
North Carolina coast and well below Hat
teras, and while the officers are, as usual,
unwilling to discuss their experiences it is
known that both ships and men were in
great peril. When the fleet was visited by
a representative of the United Associated
Presses this afternoon it was learned that
the actual loss consisted of four lives,
eight men seriously injured and minor in
juries to almost all of the vessels them
" selves. The battle-ship Maine had seven
- ' of her men overboard, three of them losing
their lives. The Marblehead lost one man
I kilted and six injured. The killed on the
i Maine were:
i L. C. Kozel, apprentice, dashed to death
\ against the turrets and body lost at sea.
Jobn Brown, seaman, washed overboard
■ and drowned; body not recovered.
A. B. Nelson, private United States
- marines, washed overboard and drowned ;
body lost.
The Marblehead lost Ship's Carpenter
Strawhat, who was dashed to death by
. the sea. His body was saved and buried
at sea Sunday.
Seven of the carpenter's gang, who were
at work on the sea anchor, were hurled
against the superstructure of the snip by
. the sea and more or less injured. Their
names are: Dennis Royan, blacksmith ;
Charles Osborne, shipwright; Prentice
Bcanriiand and Regan and Hicker,
K plumbers.
Hicker sustained a compound fracture
of the skull and his condition is serious.
Arrangements have been made for ;
placing all of the injured seamen in the I
Murine Hospital here and they will be
• . transferred from their ships to the shore
' to-morrow.
The New York, the Columbia, the Am
phitrite and the Maine were off the coast
below Hatteras and about forty miles out
when the storm began to gather Friaay
night. The admiral signaled- from the
New York for the ships to stand together.
The storm was blowing from the south
east. It steadily increased during the
night and the four ships were separated.
Bo heavily did the New York roll that the
big eight-inch guns in the turrets were
. lashed down with heavy hawsers as a pre
caution. During the storm a heavy sea
rolled over astern and the aft companion
way was flooded with water, which went
' down into the officers' quarters. The gun
ports and torpedo tubes also let the water
in. There was plenty of water inside.
The boatswain, William Anderson, while
'•V"{ n * ne forward deck, was struck from his
"w *?t by forward deck, was struck from his
> t by a sea and injured by being dashed
,___. Naval Cadet Castleman, while on the
. forward quarter deck, lost his footing and
Map of the Island of Crete* Showing the Scene of the Insurrection and the Warfare of Christians and Moslems.
trews were recently sent ashore from warships of European powers to extinguish fires that had raged for days at Canea. the capital of the disturbed island. •
It was reported yesterday that these same ships-of-war had begun a bombardment of Canea as a warning to the insurrectionists. * ~ ** *
The San Francisco Call
was about to go over the side when he
managed to seize a life line and save him
self. When the sea was shipped astern
the sounding apparatus was knocked to
Hinders and one of the officers nearly
clashed over the side.
When morning came the Maine was
sighted and spoken. The battleship, it is
believed, had the most trying experience
of the fleet Friday night Prentice Kozel
was struck by a terrible sea and his life
knocked out of him. The rushing waters
carried his body overboard. Two men i
jumped after him as he was being carried
away. They were Seaman John Brown
and the marine Alexander Nelson. In
trying to save their messmate they lost
their own lives for they, too, were carried
out into tbe mountains of black water.
Charles Hassell was washed overboard at
the same time.
When these four men went overboard
William J. Creelman, landsman, was
standing on the poop deck. He saw the
upturned face of Kozel floating by. Creel
man dove over the stern and struck out to
save him. In the meantime two life buoys
had been thrown over. Hassell got one of
them. Brown, Nelson and Kozel disap
peared and the brave Creelman was strug
gling far from the buoy intended for him.
Hassell saw him and reached him in time
to save bis life.
The Maine was brought around in the
storm and a lifeboat lowered from the
starboard. Naval Cadet Gherardi was put
in command with six men. The boat got
only a few yards from the ship when she
was overturned, and seven more men were
in the water. The men were rescued with
life lines. The lifeboat was lost, as were
one or more of the ship's boats. These
were all torn from their davits by tbe
heavy seas.
The Amphitrite, Maine, Columbia and
Marblehead were sighted in the morning
in the order mentioned. The Marblehead
was laboring heavily and tad out her oil
bags.
Grave fears had been entertained for the
Amphitrite, but she rode out the gale and
as far as can be learned lost no life. On
board the Maine a board of inquiry re
ported on the loss of the three men. They
highly commended Creelraan's brave at
tempt to rescue Kozel. He will be recom
mended for a lifesaver's medal of the first
class.
The Columbia. Marblehead and Amphi
trite came down the coast together after
the storm. The reason the New York did
not arrive until this afternoon is explained
by the fact that she turned back and went
almost to Hatteras looking for the moni
tor. The Marblehead came up to the city j
this afternoon and arrangements were
made for putting her injured sailors in the
Marine Hospital here. .?.* •
Exactly what amount of injury the vari
ous vessels themselves sustained during
the storm cannot now be stated. The of
ficers say their ships behaved splendidly,
but it was apparent even to a casual ob
• server that the vessels had received rough
| usage at the hands of the hurricane. It is
1 practically certain, however, that , none of
i .m has been seriously injured, and it is
j not probable that the maneuvers will be
seriously interfered with or retarded by
the terrible experience through which tbe
fleet has passed.
GREECE AND TURKEY
MAY HOW GO TO WAR
Such Is the Cretan Situation
That Those Two Powers I
Cannot Remain Friendly.
.
From Athens Comes the Informatoii i
Tint Crete and Greece Htve
Proclaimed a Union.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. B.— A laree
number of tbe German newspapers in
their comments on the Cretan situation
declare that war between Greece and
t Turkey is almost inevitable.
LONDON, Eng.. Feb. B.— An Athensdis
patch says there are rumors in circulation
that tne warships of the powers are bom- ;
barding Canea, Crete. The rumors are !'
; discredited here.
j In the House of Commons to-day Right i
Hon. George N. Curzon, Under Secretary
| for Foreign Affairs, stated that the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
rumors of a massacre in Crete were un
founded. It was true there had been
some firing there, but the loss of life had
been small. During the firing, he said,
the Turkish troops are reported to have
conducted themselves in an exemplary
manner, and there was no plundering.
Curzon said that 5000 refugees had em
barked from Canea and that place was
now perfectly quiet. As there had been a
scarcity of food in Canea the admiral in
command of the British Mediterranean
. quaaron had sent a troop ship with bis
cuit and meat sufficient to feed 600 per
sons for a fortnight. Two thousand refu
gees were on board the British warship at
Canea, Curzon said, and the last of the
fugitives were taken off by the Greek
war sols. : -
j ATHENS, Greece. Feb. B.— A dispatch
i from Canea states that the union of Crete
' and Greece was proclaimed at Halepa yes
. terday. It is possible that a cabinet crisis
| may follow the popular manifestation
j made here yesterday in favor of the an
i nexation of Crete.
PACKED IN AN ICE FLOE.
I Perilous Position of a Steamer That Was
I Searching tor the Missing State
of Georgia.
iof Georgia.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Feb. The steamer
) N.mrod, which went out in search of the
I missing steamer State of Georgia, is frozen
lin an ice floe five miles south of Cape
I Race.
Two of her crew came ashore over the
' ice to-day to report that the Nimrod bad
found no trace of the missing steamer.
j The Nimrod steamed 170 miles off the
j coast and serrched the ice floes north, but
'. without avail. The general opinion is
j that the State of Georgia has gone down
j with ail on board, and this opinion is
j strengthened by the report of the Nimrod.
The State of Georgia sailed from Dant-
I zig December 13 with a cargo, of raw
; sugar. Sne was bound for Halifax and St.
.lohns, N. B. She passed Dunnet Head,
on the north coast of Scotland, December
28, and has not been heard from since.
She was an old steamer and belonged to
the Allan line.
A dispatch from Ferryland reports an
unknown steamer frozen in the icertwenty
miles off that place, She is about forty
miles north of where the Nimrod is
frozen in.
•
I liorker Riots Renewed at Hamburg.
, LONDON, Eng., Feb. B.— A dispatch
'from Hamburg says the riots resulting
| from the recent collapse of the dockers'
i strike were renewed to-night The police
j finally charged with drawn swords on the
crowds and several persons were injured.
ON HIS LAST LEGS.
BANDITS BOARD A
SANTA FE TRAIN
Two Masked Men Hold Up
Westbound Overland
No. i.
One Shot and Killed by a Mail
Clerk, Who Boldly De
fends His Car.
The Other Seizes the Packages Within
Reach and Makes His
Escape.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 9.— A pri
vate message was received in this city late
la__ night stating that two masked rob
bers held up the Santa Fe westbound
train No. 1 at a point a few miles from
Peach Springs, Ariz.
The train was stopped by means of a
red light and upon its coming to a stand
still the engineer was covered with a re
volver in the bands of one of the robbers,
who ordered him to keep quiet.
The other robber then uncoupled the
■ mail and express car and with his com
panion got aboard the engine and ordered
the engineer to run up the road a short
d stance. Here the train was stopped
and the robbers proceeded to open the
door of the mail car.
; The door was opened by a mail clerk,
j who with a revolver shot one oi the rob
bers, killing him instantly. The other
robber, after grabbing a bundle of regis
tered letters, made good his escape.
The dead robber was taken to Peach
Springs. The train which was held up is
due in Los Angeles at 1:30 this after
noon. - . -
Big Haul of. Xxvo Robbers.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. B.— Two armed
robbers entered the office of Antone
Bonert, the Chicago agent for a number
of steamship lines, at 02 La Salle street,
to-night and secured about $21)00. Bonert
and bis clerk were alone in the office and
were preparing to close up when the men
entered.
The money had just been counted and
was lying on the desk. The occupants of
the office were covered with the revolver?
and were cautioned against an outcry.
The thieves scooped the money in sight
into their pockets and ran back into the
street. Bonert followed them, but they
escaped into a dark alley. -
Fair. JVeio lorle H.tate.
NEW . YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— Auxiliary
letters testamentary on the estate of the
-late Nevada millionaire, James G. Fair, in
this State were granted to-day to Thomas
G. Crothers, one of the executors, by Sur
rogate Fitzgerald. The value of the estate
here ls placed at $2,750,000.
Mrs. Beeeher 1. Dying.
STAMFORD, C0n..., Feb. ... — Mrs.
Henry Ward Beeeher was stricken with a
very unfavorable turn 'this afternoon and
it is feared she will not live until morn
ing. She had two fainting spells before 11
o'clock and she is rapidly becoming
weaker.
Railroad Shops Burned.
PRINCETON, Ind., Feb. B.— The ex
tensive shops of v tho Louisville, Eyans
ville and St. Louis Railway of this city
were completely destroyed by fire this
morning. The loss is $100,000.
CUBAN INSURGENTS
DEMAND FREEDOM
Oa No Other Terms Will They
Meet Propositions From
Spain for Peace.
It Now Seems Certain That Captain-
G neral Weyler Is Soon to B.
Recalled.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— A dispatch
to the Sun from Havana says: Gomez
has issued a proclamation to the sugar
planters of the island and especially to
those of tbe provinces of Santa Clara and
Matanzas, copies of which have been pri
vately circulated in Havana.
. He recalls the earlier decree of the Cu
ban Government and his military orders
forbidding the grinding of sugar cane, and
adds that be is resolved to enforce those
edicts, and all the more rigorously now
that General Weyler permits the manu
facture of sugar in some districts.
He adds tnat in some places the Cuban
army may be. lenient when no doubt ex
ists tbat the work of the sugar estates is
more profitable to the revolution
than to the Spanish Government; but he
says that the principal strength of Spain
is in the resources of Cuba's foil, and the
patriots are obliged, therefore, as an ex
pedient of war, to prevent the raising of
crops.- ..}■».?._.
; All estates preparing to grind and all
those which have begun to do so in diso
bedience to : the Cuban decrees will be
wholly destroyed.
General Gomez concludes by declaring
that the responsibility for the poverty of
the island rests upon Spain, and promises
a speedy triumph of the revolutionists.
It is well known that General Gomez
rejects the the reforms proposed by Spain
and says that Cuba's struggle is for
nothing less than independence. He says
that only on condition that the Cubans
would not accept any Spanish proposals
short of absolute freedom of the island
did he accept command of the army. It
is certain that even should Martinez Cam
pos or Azcarraga or any other Spanish
general come here to ; replace Weyler,
Gomez would not pay the slightest atten
tion to their proposals of peace.
The pacification of the province •of
Pinar del Rio looks rather sickly, in view
of the fact that a train at Taco, carrying
Spanish . soldiers and provisions, was
blown up with .dynamite yesterday by
the Cubans.* In the province of Havana
I and at the very gates of the capital the
_ insurgents are concentrating large forces,
which threaten a new attack on Guana
bacoa.
Delegate Palma of the Cuban Junta to
day received a letter frora President Cis
neros of the Cuban republic. It was dated
January 12, at Santa Teresa. Official news
was received by General Gomez of the
death of General Maceo and young Gomez.
Counsel for General Carlos Roloff and
Senor Jose Luis, who have been indicted
for conspiracy in aiding a filibustering
expedition" to Cuba from Baltimore in
1895, bas waived all formalities for his
clients removal from this city and they
nave given security for their appearance
for trial in Baltimore February 16.
LONDON, Exu., Feb. B.— The Times'
Madrid correspondent telegraphs that the
Spanish Government considers the di
viding of the civil from the military com
mand in Cuba as preliminary to the recall
of Captain-General Weyler. . .*
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. B.— Consul-
General Lee telegraphs the State Depart
ment that Correspondent Scovel, arrested
at Tunas, will be brought to Havana,
reaching there Friday next, and he appre
hends no difficulty in. the case. It is
thought here that Scovel will be expelled
from the island alter a brief imprison
ment.
DR. NANSEN HONORED.
The Explorer Presented With a Cold
I Medal by the Prince of Wales at
a Reception.
LONDON, En_., Feb. 8 —The Royal
Geographical Society held a reception to
night in Albert Hall in honor of Dr.
Fridjof Nansen, the distinguished Arctic
explorer. Sir Clements Markham, the
president of the society, presided, with the
Prince of Wales sitting at his right hand
and the Duke ot York at his left.
Dr. Nansen delivered a lecture describ
ing the voyage of the Fram and telling of
his adventures in the far North. He said
that the object of his expedition was not
to discover the north pole, but to explore
the unknown region in its neighborhood.
Upon the conclusion of the lecture, the
Prince of Wales presented to Dr. Nansen
a special gold medal voted to him by the
Geographical Society. The recipient, in
a few well-chosen words, expressed his
thanks for the honor accorded him.
The audience was a most exclusive one.
Despite the enormous capacity of the
building the members of the press were
all provided with facilities for reporting
the lecture, and there is a very strong
suspicion that it was desired that the
newspapers should have a verbatim re
port. All of the/arrangements were of the
"hole-in-the-corner" character, and tbe
general public is resenting the manner in
which Dr. Nansen's publishers are reserv
ing his exploration.
Dr. Nansen's reception compares badly
with that accorded Henry M. Stanley
upon his return irom Africa. Then Dr.
Nansen's agent has only the slightest
knowledge of the American press and its
insatiable demand for news. The conduct
of the explorer's campaign Here gives the
impression that the object of the expedi
tion was simply to make money and that
th*** benefit to science was a small con
sideration, especially as Dr. Nansen has
declared that he will not go on; another
expedition.
MACVEAGES GIVE a ball.
King and Queen of Italy and Cabinet
Members Present.
ROME, Italy, leb. B.— A grand ball was
given this evening by Hon. Wayne Mac-
Veagh, American Embassador, and Mrs.
MacVeagh, at their residence, the Palace
Piombo.
There was a large assemblage of guests,
among them being King Humbert, Queen
Marguerita, the members of the Cabinet,
the diplomatic corps, ail the prominent
members of the Roman society and a
number of Americans who had previously
been presented to Queen Marguerita at a
soiree.
Tne MacVea_.hs will leave Rome upon
the expiration of the Embassador's term
of office and the ball was given as a for
mal adieu to Rome and as a slight return
for the marks of esteem shown to them
during their three years' residence there
Heath of an English General.
. LONDON, Eng7, Feb. B.— General Sir.
Wilbraham Gates Lennox, X.. C. 8., died
to-day, aged 67. " '.'J ~ r: . .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PHELAN WILL
HELP CUBA
The Mayor Will Co-Operate
With the New York
League.
TO NAME A COMMITTEE
OF FIFTY.
An Important Meeting With
Jones and Mascherini of
the Local Society.
ASSOCIATION TO BEGIN WORK
AT ONCE.
There Will Be Pnblic Speaking and
Efforts to Raise a Fund for
the Patriots-
President Jones and Secretary Mascher
ini of the Cuban Sympathizers' Society of
San Francisco were closeted with Mayor
Phelan for an hour, yesterday, devising
ways and means for the lawful aid of those
who seek to liberate Cuba.
At the conclusion of the conference
Mayor Phelan said he was willing to co
operate by appointing a committee of
fifty prominent citizens, whose duty will
be to call meetings and raise funds to be
sent to the headquarters of the Cuban
League of the United States in New York.
"My attention was first called to this
movement by Colonel Ethan Allen of New
York," said Mayor Phelan, yesterday.
"He wrote and asked me to co-operate
with The Call and the Cuban sympathiz
ers here, and to appoint a committee of
fifty or more to take charge of the move
ment. While lam very busy with things
of more pressing importance here at home
I surely cannot refuse to appoint the com
mittee, as requested, and I shall select the
names as soon as I familiarize myself with
those most prominent as leaders of the
movement here."
The officers of the local society feel
grateful to the Mayor for his co-operation
and they are anxious to have all sympa
thizers send their names to the head
quarters, 2006 Mason street, as soon as
possible.
"The Mayor's kind willingness to aid
us," said President Jones yesterday, "will
result in the immediate organization of a
Cuban League here, and we shall operate
along the same lines indicated by the New
York society, Jed by Charles A. Dana and
Roswell P. Flower." >
The prospectus, which will be circulated
by the Mayor's committee, contains the
following announcement of the purposes
of the Cuban League of the United States:
This league, composed only of American
citizens, was organized at a large and enthusi
astic meeting, held in the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
New York City, December 14, 1896.
The purpose of the league was expressed in
the following resolution :
Eesolvcd,' That this organization bo called the
"Cuban League of the United states, " and that its
purpose shall be to give practical consolidation to
the sentiment of American citizens and the mora!
support of the same in securing to Cuba, by all
legal means, the inalienable rliht of -self-govern
ment.
The officers then elected were as follows:
President, Ethan Allen; vice-presidents,
Charles A. Dana, Thomas L. James, John R.
Dos Passos, Thomas F. Gilroy, J. Edward Sim
mons, Roswell P. Flower, Chauncey M. D_
pew, Theodore Roosevelt, George Hoadley, C.
H. Denison; executive committee, Paul Dana,
General Dan Butterfield, Ervin Wardman,
Frank B. Carpenter, Fred D. Grant, John D.
Keiley, John Jacob Astor, John C. McGuire,
R. C. Alexander, Constant A. Andrews, Walter
S. Logan, Thomas E. Stuart; treasurer, Charles
H. Denison, Potter building. 38 Park row;
New York City; secretary, Francis Wayland
Glen, room 404, 132 Nassau street, New York
City.
It is the purpose of Messrs. Jones and
Mascherini to get the names of all sympa
thizers on the roll as soon as they can pos
sibly do so, after which meetings will be
called and other means devised for the
aid of the cause of Cuba.
The following paragraphs from the ap
peal show the substantial way in which it
is proposed to convey benefits to the suf
ferers :
While we willingly give our sympathy in
words we should remember that there aie
times when an empty hand j carries no favor.
Such a time is the present, when the Cubans
stand in need of every necessary for life and
exhaustive battles. They must, of course, be
drained of resources, which our people should
supply. Arms and ammunition, and, more
than these, food for hungry troops and people,
with medicines for tneir sick and wounded,
may be shipped to insurgent ports with full
permission of our statutes since, with no for
mal blockade against us, we may as freely
traffic there as with the ports of continental
! Spain. To furnish these things, which may
legally be done, money becomes literally tha
sinews of war. The league asks for subscrip
tions throughout the United States in aid of
the patriots, which may be sent to Charles H.
Denison, the treasurer, Potter building, Park
row, New York City.
The Cuban League of the United States is or
ganized to give practical consolidation to the
sentiment of American citizens, and the moral
support of the same ln securing to Cuba, by
all legal means, the inalienable right of self
. government. It is proposed to so arouse pub-
I lie sympathy by mast-meetings and through
the press that recognition as an independent
State shall be secured to the patriots. .
It is desired that branch organizations be
formed throughout the country, and that
meetings be held in the other prominent cities
ol the Nation. Friends who may read this ad
dress will assist it' they organize at once and
report progress to the secretary, Francis Way
land Glen, room 404, 132 Nassau ■ street, New
York City. We earnestly request the co-opera
tion of all men and women in this cause. In
grateful recollection of those who crossed the
ocean to help our fathers a century ago, let us
do now what is necessary to encourage those
who are repeating the story of Washiagton
and his compatriots. From the North and
from the South, the East and the West, let one
united voice proclaim independence for the
patriots, and young Cuba; powerful because of
this, shall scourge the assailant from her soil
and take her place with us in the family of
republics. ".',.'•2
SENATE DOORS
TO BE CLOSED
Lively Debate Occasioned
by the Arbitration
Treaty.
Hill and Stewart Argue That
Its Discussion Should Be
Public. '
Sherman, in Opposition, Scores a
Victory— Bill Pass d Over the
President's Veto.
WASHINGTON. D. CL. Feb. 8.-In the
Senate to-day Daniel from the Judiciary
Committee reported buck the House bill
to constitute a new division of the eastern
judicial district of Texas, with court to bo
held nt Beaumont, with a recommenda
tion that it be passed, the objections of
.the President to the contrary notwith
standing. .
These objections are that, according to
the statements of Judges and lawyers, the
change is unnecessary and would inter
rupt judicial business. .
Mills (D.) of Texas argued in support of
the bill and criticized the President for
consulting alone the Jud_e, the District
Attorney, the Marshal and the clerk of
the United States Court instead of con
sulting the two Senators and tbirteeu
Representatives of the State of Texas.
The bill was passed by the requisite
two-thirds majority — ayes 57, noes 1 —
Caff (D.) of Louisiana.
A bi.l to remove doubts as to the power
of the Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia to provide for filling a vacancy
in the office of District Attorney was re
ported from the Judiciary Committee and
passed.
A concurrent resolution requiring the
President to return to th 9 Senate a bill
now in his hands in relation to the tim- !
ber culture land laws was introduced by I
Pettigrew (SD.) of , South Dakota, with
the explanation that a serious error bad
been discovered in the bill which would
frustrate its purpose.
The power of withdrawing a bill which
has been sent to the President under the
constitution was questioned by Hil (D.)
of New York, except it was to* correct an
error in engrossment, and after a brief
discussion the matter was passed over for
the present without action. By the de
cisive vote of 49 to 9 tbe Senvte this after
noon after a discussion of almost two
hours voted not to consider the reneral
treaty of arbitration between the United
Stales and Great Britain with open arms.
Secrecy will be maintained and tbe tra
ditions of the Senate will be perpetuated. j
The Senators who voted to open the doors j
were: Hill of New York, Brown of Utah,
Lindsay of Kentucky, Peffer of Kansas,
Roach of North Dakota, Stewart of Ne
vada, Tillman of South Carolina, Teller of i
Colorado and Pettigrew of South Dakota. :
The discussion of the day, which con
tinued close to 6 o'clock, showed that* j
the chances of the ratification of the I
treaty aro better than many of its friends !
supposed. The opposition, singularly
enough, appears to be confined to the sil
ver men Who supported the ticket headed
by Mr. Bryan. It is believed by the more
sanguine advocates of the convention that
a conclusion may be reached before the '
end of this week, but this is disputed by
many, who say the debate will be some
what protracted.
The proposition for an open session was i
supported in speeches by Senators Hill I
and Siewart and antagonized by Senators |
Mills, Hoar, Sherman, Lodge, Gray, Mor
gan and Daniel.
Hill at once made a motion that the !
doors be opened and t at the debate pro- |
ceed in the presence of the public. He j
laid some stress upon the ridiculousness 1
of the debate upon a matter the text of j
which was in possession of the public — !
not only the text, but the amendments |
proposed by the committee, which were j
published in full, despite tne refusal of j
the Senate to remove the Injunction of >
secrecy therefrom.
Tbe motion was antagonized not only
on parliamentary ground-*, but for the
reason that it would be against public pol
icy for such proceedings to be permitted.
Gray (D.) of Delaware was the first
speaker to antagonize the motion. He
was followed by Lodge and Sherman, who
likewise opposed the motion of Senator
Hill.
Both these members of the Foreign Re
lations Committee took the broad ground
that such a proceeding was against the es
tablished precedents of the Senate, and if
it was agreed to could only lead to ill re
sults. Treaties were solemn compacts
with other countries and whatever was I
said in the consideration of their merits I
or demerits ought to be said behind j
closed doors. If there was to be criticism
it ought not to be in public places where
the heat of debate might lead to theutte r
anee of sentiments that might be preju
dicial to the friendliness now existing be
tween the two nations.
• In the course of his remarks Lodge said
that open doors meant endless debate, and
what he wanted was action. He did not
wish to see this treaty debated to death.
As amended and reported to the Senate
he favored it, and desired that such course
might be pursued as would lead to its rati
fication.
Morgan, another member of the com
mittee, also antagonized the motion of
Hill.
Senator Stewart of Nevada made /very
vigorous speech In favor of an open ses
sion. While he did not say so in words,
the inference was drawn from his remarks
that he desired such a session for the rea
son that it would be conducive to the de
feat of the treaty.
Following Stewart's speech Sherman
made another appeal for a secret session,
urging that there were special reasons why
this treaty should be considered in se
cret. He then read a letter from Secre
tary Olney asking that the Senate, in view
of Its rejection of King Oscar, do not fur
ther humiliate that monarch by permit
ting the criticisms that might be made to j
be made in public The letter was short
but earnest, although couched in diplo- I
matic language.
The vote was then taken with the result •
before indicated.
When the treaty was taken up on its
merits Sherman, as chairman of the com
mittee, made a short but effective speech.
He denied the* statements that any of the
interests of the United States had been
placed in jeopardy. The treaty had been
carefully considered by the committee and
had been amended as it was believed best
it should be. These amendments, while
few in number, were essential and oper
ated as a safeguard. Tne Nica
ragua convention, by an amendment
which declared that all questions affect
ing the national policy of either Govern
ment or of each Government towards any
other Government, should not be subject
to arbitration. Tbe Monroe doctrine was
not included and the United States never
would, be asserted, agree to the arbitra
tion of that doctrine. Arbitration was, he
said, the policy of the American people.
They had always advocated it. Sherman
here submitted an elaborate statement,
showing that we had entered into thirty
nine treaties, in which arbitration was
the cardinal principle. He spoke with his
old-time vigor and made a speech that im
pressed the Senate most favorably."*
Nelson of Minnesota briefly advocated
CONGRESS FAVORS TICKET-SCALPERS.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. B.— The Senate Committee on Interstate Com
merce took the anti-scalping bill up this morning apd a ter an informal discus
sion agreed that it would be impossible to pass the bill at this session and that
any report that might be made would be useless. The House has refused to give
the bill a day for consideration. It is understood that the debate in committee
for a short time was quite animated.
Mr. Chandler declared that the railroads of the country have openly and on
ever}' occasion possible violated the provisions of the interstate commerce law by
the formation of trusts, and lor one he did not propose to give them the opportu
nity to suppress the ticket brokers and prevent the public from securing the ad
vantages of cut rates whenever they could get them.
Gorman and Chilton called attention to the alleged conduct ofthe railroads in
the recent election, and asserted that they had ben guilty of coercion and other
practices intended to intimidate their employes. Both these Senators intimated
that the time was most Inopportune for the railroads to come to Congress and ask
favors.
The opposition was so manifest and vigorous that the committee was com
pelled to take the action it did, although there were several Senators favorable to
reporting the proposed measure.
the treaty and paid a high tribute to the
character of the King of Sweden, who hud
been agreed upon by Mr. Olney as umpire.
He denied that his sympathies were with
the English and intimated that at the
proper time he would move to reinsert the
article making him the unit. re.
Morgan's opposition to the treaty as a
whole was based upon the ground that the
convention went too far, inasmuch as it
sought to force the Senate to vieid up its
constitutional function as a part of the
treaty-making power.
This treaty provided a general court and
left It with the President to determine
what matter should be taken before it.
This was a power that was ac egated to
the Senate, and Morgan declared that it
could not give up that power. He would
not say that he was opposed to arbitration
as a principle, but he insisted thai each
case be met as it came up and that the
Senate should have a voice in arranging
tie details and determining upon the
tri unal.
Vest injected a remark to the effect that
the treaty virtually abo'isiied the power
lodged in the Senate and it was a danger
ous precedent to establish.
Turpie sail that the United States had
invited this treaty and it would not do
I to now withdraw.
To this Mr. Sherman readily assented
Daniel of Virginia opposed the treaty
briefly as an unnecessary convention that
would only tend to draw us into entang
ling iances.
Several amendments will be offered
during the course of the debate. Stewart
offered one this afternoon eliminating by
name the Alaskan boundary from the
operations of the treaty. He went so far
as to insert in his amendment a statement
of the United States claim with respect to
this boundary defining its location as de
termined by United States surveyors.
Other amendments that have been
spoken of will eliminate the Nicaraguan
canal by name and provide that nothing
in the treaty shall affect State issues
of bonds or interfere with the rights of
the States when incidents similar to the
killing of the Italians in New. Orleans un
fortunately happen.
It is the purpose of the committee to
keep the treaty before the Senate as
steadily as possible, and it will only give
way to pressing and urgent business.
Morgan will resume his speech to-mor
row where it was broken off by the motion
to adjourn.
Uneventful Session of the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 8. — To
day's session of the House was taken up
almost wholly in the consideration of
business relating to the District oi Colum
bia. None of it was of more than local
importance.
A copy of the returns of the tea of the
several States for Presidential electors,
which the law directs shall be sent to the
Speaker, was laid before the House and
wiil remain on the table until the official
canvass of the vote is made on Wednesday.
The second agreement of the conference
on the immigration bill was presented to
the House by Danford (R.) of Ohio, who
gave notice that be would call it up for
action to-morrow. _.
At 5:10 o'clock the House adjourned.
CIVIL SERVICE REPORT.
Constant Increase in the Number of Gov
ernment Employes Is Shown by
the Commission.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 8.-The
annual report of the Civil Service Com
mission to the President shows that at
the beginning of President Cleveland's
administration there were about 43,000
places included in the classified service.
The total approximate numberof positions
in the civil branch of the Government is
now 178,117, of which 87,107 are in the
classified service and 91,610 in the unclassi
fied service.
Of those in the classified service 84,239
are arranged in classes by compensation
and subject to examination and registra
tion, 26 are appointed by the President
alone, 781 are excepted from examination
or registration and 2001 are Indians in the
Indian service.
Of those in the unclassified service 5570
are excluded from classification for reasons
deemed best for the service, 4315 are ap
pointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, 88 are persons employed
merely as laborers or workmen, and 72,371
are considered as classifiable, but not yet
classified.
Of those not yet classified 66,725 are
postmasters of the fourth class. The
classifiable but still unclassified group will
be transferred to the classified service by
the action of the rules as, for instance, in
the customs service when the number of
employes in a custom-house becomes as
many as five, and in the postoffice service
when a postoffice becomes a free delivery
office. ,'.A.-^. .
By the revision of tbe civil service rules
practically all of the excepted positions
were transferred to the competitive list
The commission believes that the greatest
benefit will result to the public service by
tbis action, which transferred to the com
petitive department many positions, in
cluding those of chiefs of division.
INTERESTS IHE COAST.
San Pedro His Supporters— Postal and
Pension liotes.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. Three
members of the commission to select a
deep harbor site on the Southern Califor
nia coast are now in Washington, viz. :
Admiral Walker, A. P. Rodgers and
Richard P. Morgan. Admiral Walker,
the chairman of the commission, has
been at work since the conclusion of the
meetings of the commission in California
and now bas all of tha data prepared
ready to incorporate into a report. The
commission meets on next Wednesday.
It is believed that at least two of the com
missioners are in favor of San Pedro as
the site of the harbor.
Representative-elect De Vries of Cali
fornia was on the floor of the House to
day and wan presented to members of
Congress by Judge Maguire.
Commander ' George W. Pigman, re
cently detached from the command of the
gunboat Bennington at Callao, is in
Washington.
The special postal service between
Calico and Bovate, San Bernardino
County, CaL, has been discontinued.
Pensions California — Original — Peter
Nillsen, California. Increase— B.
Shepardson, San Jose; Francis L. Men
net-', San Miguel.
Oregon— Original— Thomas J. Phillips,
lines.
•
Unci* Sam Han's Equal Privileges.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. B.— By the
provisions of a bill offered to-day by Sena
ator Nelson, no foreign telegraph cable .
can be laid in the United Stales withou^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
the consent of the President, and until he
is assured that tbis country is given equal
privileges enjoyed by the Government un
der whose charter the cable is operated.
RECORDS OF THE CIVIL WAS.
This Valuable Work Can Sow Be Ob
tained Only by Purchase.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 8 To
correct erroneous impressions as to the
official records of the war of the rebellion
which have recently been published
in regard to a general distribution of this
valuable work to public libraries, the War
Department requests tbe publication of
this statement:
Under the act of Congress approved August
7. 1882, 11 000 copies of the war records were
ordered printed and 8300 were placed at the
disposal of the members of the Forty-seventh
Cougress to be sent to such libraries, eic, as
tney should designate; 1000 copies were di
i rected to be distributed to the several execu-
J tive departments and 1000 to officers and con
tributors to the work. A.l these sets have been
distributed. Member- of the present Co.igresi
have no copies for free distribution, and those
authorized to be distributed by the War De
psrtmeitt and other executive aepartments
were long since disposed of. Seven hundred
copies of the 11,000 printed were reserved for
safe at about the cost of presswork and paper,
and the only way the work can now be ob
tained is by purchase.
Last tear's Spel'er Product.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. B.— A pre
liminary statement of the product of spel
ter for the year 1896 in the Eastern and
Southern States and Illinois, Indiana,
Kansas and Missouri shows a total num
ber of short tons aggregating 81,499, or
about 1200 tons less than the greatest pro
ductive year, 1895, when tbe aggregate for
the same area was 82,686. The geological
survey esrimates for the present year a
production of spelter that will go lar be
yond previous figures.
Senator George improving.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. B.— Senator
George of Mississippi continues to im
prove, and in case there is no setback, he
will leave Saturday or Sunday for his
home.
Senator Harris Still Critically 111.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 8.-Senator
Harris passed a comfoi table day, bat does
not gam strength very fast. He is still
critically ill. ■-. y-
THE EGiPUAM QUESTION.
French Minister of Foreign Affairs
Replies to a Deputy.
PARIS, France, Feb. B.— ln the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day M. Hanotaux,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, replying to a
question by M. de Lencle regarding the
effect of the Franco-Russian memoran
dum, said that nothing has been done to
change the international situation in
Egypt as founded with the accord of the
powers. France, he said, held by the in
ternational acts, which it was impossible
for any Dower to invalidate.
M. Hanotaux, continuing, said be did
not d sire to engage in any polemics be
tween parliament and parliament (French
and English) which might cause regret
able misunderstandings. The dec ara
tions made by Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
the British Chancellor of the Exchequer,
in the English House of Commons, he
said, wouid not tend toward a solution oi
international questions.' England had ac
cepted the position ot defending her case
before the mixed tribunal, ami why
should Sir Michael Hicks- Beach discredit
that tribunal, which had the approbation
of Europe? Would England nave pro
tested, ne asked, if the verdict of the tri
bunal bad been favorable to her? The
incident was then closed.
Wheelmen Gathering at Albany.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 8. — Delegates
from all parts of the country will begin
to arrive here to-morrow to attend the
sessions of the National Assembly of the
League of American Wheelmen, which
begins on Wednesday. The date of the
league banquet has been changed from
Wednesday to Thursday night, to suit the
convenience of Governor Black.
COPPER FOUND IN WASHINGTON.
Remarkably Rich Ledge Discovered by a
Prospector Along the Canadian
Boundary.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb, B.— News of tbe
richest discovery of copper ever made was
brought to this city to-day by Paul Gas
ton, a well-known mining can.
Samples of ore taken from the ledge
which he found assayed as high as 90 per
cent copper and 16 in gold. Some of the
samples were of pure native copper.
Every piece of rock was seamed with na
tive metal.
Gaston says the ledge from which
samples were taken runs from twelve to
forty feet in width and is well defined for
several miles.
It lies in an entirely new mineral dis
trict on the Canadian boundary north of
Okanogan County, Wash. The ledge ex
tends along both sides of the boundary.
News of the discovery has created in
tense excitement here and many are pre
paring to leave for the scene to locate
claims.
Warren- Dent Nuptials.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. B.— The marriage
of Charles E. Warren, a prominent job
printer, and Mi Mabelle Dent, a daugh
ter of R. E. Dent of The Willows, was cel
ebrated this morning at 10:30 o'clock.
The ceremony was simple and was wit
nessed by relatives and a few friends. The
couple departed on the 11:25 train for San
Francisco. They will mike a tour of the
northern part of the State and then return
to San Jose, where they will reside.
Flew io Their Old Cote.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 8— One of
the most remarkable instances of the
"homing" faculty in pigeons was related
to-day by Police Officer Long. He has a
pair of humeri which, in 1894, when they
were one year old, were sold by O. F.
Zabn of this city to a resident of San
Bernardino and removed to that town.
In 1895 they were again sold and taken
to Pasadena. Last year Officer Long pur
chased and removed them to his home on
Buena Vista sireet in this city.
While here, after raising a family, these
birds got out of their cage for the first
iime and at once returned to their old loft
at Zahn's residence on Hope street.
Church for Larkspur.
LARKBPUR, Cal.. Feb. B.— Mrs. C. W.
Wright of this place has donated a lot in
Larkspur upon which a church is to be
erected. At the present time there is no
place of worship in the town. A congre
gation has been organized with tbe follow
ing trnstees: W. Harris, C. A. Harmon,
W. Pixley, 6. Bur tchaell and Mr. Boole.
POPULIST PARTY
FAMILY FIGHT
Secretary Edgerton Replies
to G. F. Washburn's
Letter-
Talks of Spies in the Camp and
' Those Who Contributed to
Bryan's Defeat.
_,
Says He Will Oppose Any Scheme
eking to the Shelving of
the Silver Issue.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. B.— J. A. Edger
ton, secretary of the People's party Na
tional Committee, to-night gave out the
fallowing letter, sent to Committeman
Washburn of Massachusetts, in reply to
that gentleman's letter published this
morning: ._.'.-•'
Lincoln. Nebr., Feb. 8. 1897.
Hon. George F. Washburn. Boston, Mass.— My
Deab_ir: After asking me for a comment on
your plan 1 see that you have answered that
comment in ihe public press. Ido not care to
multiply words, but simply desire to correct
one or two statements.
If, as you sny, you "do not favor the aban
donment of sliver," then there is no difference
between us. I am more in favor of pushing
the fight on ail the planks of our platform
than you are. lam just as much opposed to
the disintegration or absorption of the Peo
ple's party; but when you talk of "changing
the filming issue" then I am not with yon.
You go on to enumerate very many terrible
'.hings which my plan would bring about.
Why, my dear sir, my plan is to simply stand
where we have stood for ihe last four years;
my plan Is to simply push this fight on the
Fame lines that we have In the past on to
victory. My plan is not to desert free silver In
lis hour of deieat but to stand by it like men
until we reverse this v.rdict brought about by
misrepresentation and fraud.
The goldbug Boston Herald, for which you
gathered your symposium of letters, an
nounces in evident glee tbat your pan meaus
'•a practical abandonment by the Populists of
free silver." Ido not wish to adopt a course
that even has such a semblance of abandoning
free silver that it will give that impression to
our enemies.
Mv plan is to go on with the fight so that
we can win a victory in 1900, and thus bring
partial relief to tbe struggling masses of the
country. 1 do not have any fear that the
Republicans will bring about an International
agieement, and thus leave tne silver forces
etrauded as you speak about; and I do not
propose to cease the fight in anticipation of
thai result. If your plan is as 1 understand it
it is just such a plan as the money power of
this country would like to see the People's
party adopt. - " * - -•"•
You say there will be an informal confer
ence at Memphis on February -__. Is this in
pursuance of the call made by Paul Vander
vooriY You must realize that this is a mani
fest injustice to the Populists of the trans-Mis
souri country, for it is almost impossible for
them to reach Memphis at that time, and I
bee to remind you that west of the Missouri
River our party has seventeen of Its twenty
four Congressmen-elect, seven of its eight
Senators and five Governors, and that it has
Bute, county and municipal officers in almoat
every State ln this whole territory. This is
where the People's party was bora in 1890
and where it flourishes to-day in its greatest
vigor.
You charge me with calling a second con
ference. "I did not. I do not assume the
power ot calling conferences as some others
seem to have done. Inasmuch as there was
talk of holding a conference at Memphis 1
sugcested to Chairman Sutler that it be held
at Kaisas City, so that lt could be attended by
the Populists of the West as well as those of
the South. I have no doubt that the confer
ence at Memphis will adopt almost any reso
lution that the middle-of-the-road pany may
surges.. It will be entirely dominated by this
element. All those co-called I'opaiis s who
did what they could to deieat Bryan last fall
1 have no doubt will be represented at Mem
phis. The Republican spies in our camp and
the Populists of the Var.dervoort, Dunning
and Matthews stripe will doubtless all be on
hand If you care to lather a conference dom
inated by these elements you are at perfect
liberty to do so, but the Popuikis of the great
Northwest, who stand true to silver and all
our principles, will not be there and will not
be bound by any action which this "informal
conference may take.
You say that you have received many letters
from all over the country indorsing your plan,
and that mine is the only one which nas not
indorsed lt I was Informed by Mr. Deaver, one
of your National Committeemen from this
State, that he had sent yon a letter opposing
your plan, which you had not published. I
am in receipt of a very large number of letters
from Populist leaders who do not Indorse your
plan, and I tnink within the next two weeks
that I will be able to make public hundreds in
the same line.
Your plan seems to me to foreshadow a
practical shelving of tno silver issue by the
People's party. This 1 shall oppose, even If I
am the only Populist in the United States that
does oppose it; but I believe that a great
majority of the party will take the same stand.
Yours truly, .-■_■,- _. A. Edgebton.
COCKRAN NOT A CANDIDATE.
The Eloquent Bourke Calls on Mr. Hanna,
and Afterward Says It Is Not
on Business. *
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Feb. B.— Bourke
Cockran came to call on M. A. Hanna to
day and returned to New York this even
ing. He was closeted with Mr. Hanna for
about two hours.
"This visit," said Cockran, "has no po
litical significance. It is just a social call
which 1 desired to make before going
abroad."
"It has been suggested that you were a
candidate for the embassadorship to Eng
land."
"You may say that I am not a candi
date for any place under the next admin
istration; that I will not accept a place if
it is offered, and do not expect that any
place will be tendered."
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. B.— A special from
Canton says: President-elect McKinley
has Interfered in the Senatorial fight in
this State by sending a letter to Governor
Bushnell requesting that Chairman Hanna
be appointed to succeed Sherman. The
letter was borne to Columbus by Judge
Day, the President-elect's trusted messen
ger, and this was tbe reason of his sudden
appearance in Columbus a few days ago.
The letter followed the request of th •
Governor and a note from Senator Sher
man intimating his resignation. It did
not demand Mr. Hanna's appointment,
but it suggested it in the interest of party
harmony and for the sake of Mr. Hanna's
services to the party during the campaign
it would be the right thing to do.
OFFICE-SEEKERS AT CAISTOy.
Spear Says Speaker Coomb* Wants the
Japanese .1 is mi on.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. B.— Major McKin
ley had over a hundred callers to-day, and
it begins to look as it he would have to
take measures to limit them. He is feel
ing the demand upon his time, and if he
does not draw the line, soon his healti.
and strength will be pretty sure to suffer.
Among. the callers this evening was
Joseph S. Spear of California, who was an
active and influential factor in the ante
convention campaign and who bad a good
deal to do with Republican success on the
Pacific Slope. Mr. Spear said: "The people
of California and of the whole Pacific
Slope are greatly gratified to know that
they are to be represented in Major Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet and by so good a man
as Judge MeKenna. It was- not possible
for the President-elect to make a mistake
with three such men as Judge MeKenna,
1 De Haven and Waymire to choose from."
"Will the Republicans continue to make
gains on the Pacific Slope and hold what
tbey have now?" was asked.
"lam sure they will," was the reply.
"Fusion is disappearing there as else
where and will never be as strong again
as it was in November last." : ;v* _
"What recognition in the way of im
portant Federal appointments will Cali
fornia expect?"
"California has already received more
liberal and distinguished recognition than
was ever given her before. Judge Me-
Kenna is our first Cabinet olficer. I have
not benrd of many applications for im
portant places. Frank Coombs, Speaker
of tbe California House, is a candidate for
the Japanese mission, and I have been
told M. H. de Y'oun _ of San Francisco
wants to be Embassador to B rlin, but I
do not Know that this is so."
S. A. Perkins, assistant secretary of the
Republican National Committee, left lor
Washington this afternoon.
Among the callers to-day were Adelbert
H. Steele of New York, formerly Deputy
Commissioner of Public Works. Mr.
Steele said he came to talk over the New
York situation with Major McKinley and
not in the interest of any particular can
didate. He said that unless the party
could unite on some one very soon he
would venture to say that the Empire
State would not be represented in the
Cabinet. Mr. Steele had some warm
words of praise for Chairman Hanna and
declared that the business men of the
country want him in the Senate.
•JOHN D. J. OMI ACCEPTS.
The Governor Read if to Enter the
' inlet/ Cabinet.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. B.— Ferdinand W.
Peck and Franklin Head of Chicago spent
an hour at Major McKinley's this even
ing talking over the aims of the National
Business Men's League. The league ad
vocates strongly the organization of a
new governmental department, tbat of
commerce and industry, and the move
ment has the cordial approval of the
President-elect, who also believes that a
permanent tariff bureau should be at
tached to the new department to deal with
the question of tariff reform, and so ulti
mately take the question out of politics.
The formal acceptance of Governor
John D. Long for the portfolio of the
navy was received here to-night. It has
been known for two weeks that he was to
be in the Cabinet, but the exact place he
was to receive was in doubt and was not
finally settled until the end of last week,
when a letter to that effect was sent him.
JONES- BUS HA COMPACT.
.* Deal That Spoil. Hanna's Chances
for the Senate.
COLUMBUB, Ohio, Feb. B.— A special
from Youngstown 10-day gives an inter
view with S. W. Anderson, law partner of
Lieutenant-Governor Jones, in which he
states tbat he was present at a conference
between Senator-elect Foraker and Gen
eral Jones at Z inesville two years ago, at
which it was agreed by General Jones tbat
he would withdraw Irom the race for the
Republican nomination for Governor in
iavor of Bushnell in consideration of the
support o* the party for lhe senatorship
when Senator Sherman should retire.
This corroborates the report which has
been given general credence that General
Jones is to be appointed by Governor
Bushnell to the vacancy in the Senate.
AMI-KILE MEN JUBILANT.
A Number of the Senator's Supporters
Decline to Caucus,
PIERRE, S. D., Feb. The Senatorial
fight goes merrily on and ihe situation is
practically unchanged. The vote in joint
session to-day resulted: Pickler47, Kyle
35, Plowman 10, Goodykoontz 18, Palmer
1, Kellar2. .-iv....
A caucus was held to-night by Kyle's
supporters and the vote develops to have
been a great disappointment to Kyle. A
number of the members who have been
voting for him failed to attend the cau
cus, in spite of appeals. The anti-Kyle
men are jubilant and claim that the break
they have been predicting is now at band.
Mexican Mi.. ion Rumor.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 8.-A Tribune
special from Indianapolis says: It is said
here that the appointment of Minister to
Mexico has been given to Powell Clayton
of Arkansas.
Neto Whatcom Jirtikrman Killed.
_ NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Feb. 8.-Joe
Cosgrove, a railway brakeman, was in
jured by a log which rolled off a logging
train Saturday evening and died.
The Coroner's Jury returned a verdict
censuring the logging company for negli
gence in improperly loading the lo s and
the railroad company with negligence in
the improper construction of the curve
where the accident occurred. This is pre
liminary to a suit for heavy damage..
Leper Arrives at Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. B._Tbe steamer
Pelican, chartered by the Northern Pa
cific, arrived tbis morning from Yoko
hama. A cuss of leprosy was found
among the crew.
The leper will be detained in quarantine
until the outward voyage of the Pelican
when he will be returned to China. The
steamer was twenty-one days from Yoko
hama.
Colored Murderer Executed.
CHARLOTTE, N. 0., Feb. 8.-Monroe
Johnson, colored, was hanged in the
Connty Jail here this morning.
XEV7 to-dat: f
TRE-
S MENOOUS
SUCCESS
OF CUR GREAT SHOE SALE
lOF OUR GRE 'T SHOE SALE
, We still offer you these shoes at a
i great discount to make room for spring
goods. ._-__ es that we keep are the
H kind tbat wear.
I Infants' black cloth-top kid foxed
j,i button, kid tips, sizes 3to 6 50c
Child's Pebble Grain Button, square
ton and pebble tip, spring heel,
sizes 5 to 7J_. reduced to 80c
Sizes 8 io 10"^ reduced t0... 90c
Sizes 11 to 2 reduced to $1.10
Child's Fine Kid, button, patent-
leather tip, hand-turned spring .
heel, sizes 5 to 7%, reduced to 75c
Ladles' Best French Calf hand-sewed,
double sole Late Shoes, reduced
from $5.00 to $3.83
Ladles' Best French patent leather,
Including a small lot of French
enameled leather, hand - sewed
.'-• double-sole lace, reduced from $6 to $3. 85
I Kasts
J 738-740 Market St.
i Carry a Full line of Buckingham
B _ & Hecht'a Flue Shoes. •
H ' SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
j B.MBlHnimi_a___WCTmai f|MMm
SENATOR LEXOW
BADGERS SEARLES
Sharply Questions Him as
to the Sugar Trust's
Affairs.
The Secretary Will Not Admit
That His Comoany Con
trols th- Market.
Formal Demand on the Cautious Wit
ness .or Books and Papers of
the Concern.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— The joint
commission, appointed by the Le islature
to inquire into trusts and monopolies in
the State of New York, continued its in
vestigation this morning. Secretary
Searles of the American Sugar Refining
Company was on hand. His name was
called by the sergeant-at-arms and Mr.
Searles answered "Here."
"Before you take the stand, Mr. Searles,
I would like to have you explain why you
did not appear before the committee on
Friday and Saturday last when you were
subpenaed,"' said Senator Lexow.
"I was on the way to catch a train to
keep an out-of-town engagement when I
was served with the committee's subpena.
I asked Mr. Parsons to come before the
committee and explain the reasons for
my absence," said Mr. Searles.
Senator Lexow looked angry at this
statement. "It seems to the committee,"
he said, "that its subpena is superior to
any business. This committee makes no
distinction between the millionaire and
the beggar, and insists upon the same
obedience from both. The committee wili
not pass upon the question of contempt
until the end of your testimony, and see
it it be helpful to this committee." *
Mr. Searles was then sworn, and related
to the commiitee his various business
connections. He was sharply questioned
by Senator Lexow concerning the pur
chase of the North River Sugar Refinery
and the formation of the alleged sugar
trust, but the witness would make no ad
missions of the charges of stock watering,
etc., contained in the Senator's question.
Chairman Lexow said, significantly,
tbat the committee would have to get
the books of the companies that were
consolidated into the trust, no matter
who held them, when the witness said
thai the American Sugar Refinery Com
pany did not hold them.
Witness said tne total consumption of
refined sugar in the United S.ates was
1.500,000 tons annually and that his com
pany produced about 1,200,000 tons. The
American Refinery Company fixed the
price before they fixed it so low that they
undersold their competitors. Witness
would not admit that his company con
trolled the sugar market.
Chairman Lexow t en called the atten
tion of the witness to his testimony before
the Senate Committee at Washington,
when he said that the object of the con
solidation was to control the output of
sugar and shut off competition. *
"How do yon explain your testimony
before the Senate committee?"
"Oh, that must be read with the con
text."
"Is it not a fact that where you have
competitors you cut down the price in
their particular locality and force them to
the wall?"
"No, sir, it is not."
"But you control the price of sugar? '
"We only control the price of our own
sugar, and I disagree with any other
statement."
Chairman Lexow at this point grew
grave and said: "We now notify you for
mally to produce the minutes of the
American Sugar Refinery Company direc
tors' meetings and also all data and mem
oranda in relation to the purchase of the
four Philadelphia refineries in 1892. I
will ask you now whether you require a
subpena duces tecum or whether you will
pio tuce them without it?"
Mr. Searles paused a moment and then
said: "The books of the company are
not in my control and I have no right to
produce them. I will submit your request
to the directors."
"Are you personally willing to produce
them?"
"Personally I have no objection, but I
have no right to produce them."
Chairman Lexow then put a number of
questions to the witness regarding the
market prices of refined and raw sugars.
The witness said that three of the re
fineries absorbed in the consolidation
were abandoned because it was shown
that the same amount of sugar could be
manufactured more economically and the
work was iransf rred.
Chairman Lexow then informed Mr.
Searles that be had finished with him for
the present.
Chairman Lexow said the whole board
of directors would be summoned if neces
sary in order to determine just what
books were wanted.
An adjournment was taken until Satur
day morning at 9 o'clock.
Unlucky Peter .1 a'<er.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. B.— Peter
Mazier, the heavy- weieht pusilist, was
KEW TO-DAT
__iM--m-mmiiiiiiß
. ■ ■ - !__■
Come at once before assortment of jj
sizes are broken and avoid the great \
rush. / / i
Cork Sole Siioes at Clearance Sale prices:
$3.50 Cork Sole, Lace and Congress...
$4.00 Buckingham & Hecht Cork Sole, _
Lace and Congress, medium square \
toe and tip $3.25 \
$5.00 Buckingham & Hecht Cork Sole, T
Lace and Congress $3.85
$8.00 Hand-Sewod Lace and Congress.ss.oo
Men's Double-Sole Extension Calf *;
Lace Shoes reduced to $2.35
Boys' Veal Calf Button, sizes 11 to 1%
aud 3 to 6 $1.15 I
— — — ** - i
K ______ i.i ___. _) -- «
ast?s
738-740 Market St. - .
We Do _*ot Prepay Mall or Ex- I
press Charges on the Above Adver- . I
tised Goods.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
_Eaß_E-_BBB_______i{nnn9
robbed of money and jeweiy to the sum
of $1500 yesterday while atieep at his
bonrdiug-hou c in this city. He reported
the robbery to the police, but no arrests
have yet been made. I
THE SALEM DEADLOCK.
Senator Mitchell's Fight for He- Election
Seems Destined to End m
.-*..:->■'_■ •-_■■.-._■.■.•,:.•_.• -..■'■ V... i
Failure.
SALEM, Or., Feb. B.— Tbe joint Assem
bly met at 12 o'clock. The rollcallsbowed
thirty-nine present and one whc would
have been present if he had not m.t with
an accident. This wou d be a gain Df two
votes for Mitchell from Saturday. \ '
Bilyeu and Lee, both Democrat., an
swered to the rollcalL Bilyeu mode a
speech, in which he denounced the whole
proceedings and called upon the Republi
cans to come in and organize the House.
He said the temporary organization was
the only lega. organiza;ian and demanded
that memb-is come and make a perma
nent organization.
When the joint assembly met again this
evening tne rollcall showed thirty-nine
members present. Notwithstanding the
boasts that were made by the Mitchellites
and the great expectations raised, they
failed to get another vote.
The two Democrats were present but
not to votefor Mitchell. The session must
end on Friday week, and if Mitchell is not
• lected to-morrow, and an organization
should be effected afterward, he cannot be
elected this year.
Riverside Wheelman's Death.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. B.— The bicycle
collision in this city Saturday night has
resulted fatally to one of the unfortunate
men. Roy Smith never regained con
sciousness and died eighteen hours after
the accident. Davis, the other man in the
collision, will recover.
Tacoma Officials Accused.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. B.— The Mayor
to-night preferred charges against the
Civil Service Board of corruption, in con
nection examinations. The Council
has ordered an investigation.
YOUR NERVES
Are All Over Your Body.
WHEN YOU HAVE A NERVOUS TWITCH-
ing of the mouth and of tne nasal i aasazes,
it Is these nerves which you see here ret re .ented
that are disordered. I hege nervesorlginaie ln the
brain, and are distributed to the tongue, nose and
lips. ■• Sometimes they are the very nerves that
tell a tale of deca.. These are tne nerves that
begin to twitch beiore the other nerves show any
sign ot loss of power, sooner or later, however,
those wbo exhaust the vita forces of Hie by over-
work, over-exertion or abuse will discover the
Inroads creat-d by these exhausting debilitated
losses, and will note the nerves ot 'he lace, of the
mouth aud of the eye to twitch. When you begin
to note these disorders it is lime to use the grand
remeJy-treatment of the old Hudsonian doctors.
••HUDYAN" is: he name of this remarkable dis-
covery. It has been used by men in every little
own, every little village, every llulo h_.n_.2o. on
the Pacific Const. It has been used by married '
men and by single men. aud it bash en praised by
all alike. "hUDY AN" cures spermatorrhoea, fail-
ing manhood, disorders and disabilities of man. If
you want to be cured consult tto-> Hudson doctors. i
or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. '
BLOOD POISON". When your blood Is out
of order, when vonr blood
BLOOD POISON, is tainted, you will notice
that your hair Is falling
BLOOD POISON, out, your breath is offen-
sive, your tongue isswol-
BLOOD POISON, len, your throat is sor*.
You have lumps about
BLOOD POISON, your body. You have
glandular lumps. You
BLOOD POISON, have spots on your body—
copper-colored spots. It
BLOOD POISON, may be in the first, sec-
ondary or tertiary stale.
BLOOD POISON. The best cure is the 30-
-dsy cure. Consult the
BLOOD POISON. Hudson doctors about the
• 30-day cure, or write for
BLOOD POISON. 30-day cure circulars free.
HUDSON. MEDICAL IN-
BLOOD POISON*. STITUTE, Stockton, Ellis
and Market Streets.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Ec Advise! by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free. .
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advise 1 by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
CATARRH tAiAaRH
IDA
LOCAL DISEASE £/./?«
and Is the result of colds sW?c/> A * ' BAIWS
and sudden climatic M*^^_s c *"'''. l
change*. Wu^^T^i
This remedy does not con- e_*j "»__ 3gS J? M
tain mercury or auy other pLi _/■*?.*__■
injurious drug. M» ' >-*S"^(8B
cream lalm S^§S
Opens and cleans the Nasal I 111. It I. 111. 111
Passages, Allays Pain and VV !_■__/ *-■ ___._*
Inflammation, Heals and Protects the Membrane
from Colds. Restores the Senses of Taste and •
Smell, Is quickly absorbed. Gives relief at once. .
60 cents at Druggists, or by mall; samples XOo by A
mail. "^^
ELY BROTHERS, 58 Warren street. New York «
_ 1
DR PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
Pi__i__SßUßG, Cat, Nov. 5. 1898.
Dr. fierce * Son, San Francisco.
ui-fTLKMEN— The fifteen-dollar Belt has been
; received and delivered, but have not heard from
. • v*» ***_!-__ the erson yet about the
. ->.--i*-_^ •-j.-'****' -jl-_l ■ '■* - result, but lam not afraid
■*_\.-W .>W-V_§_*"S^ °' kiin iomln< back on
vAr^mm*^*~>^<2§<: me. as 1 used one of your
gZZfti ,-■■■'. - ,~f_,** . .~<s{g§ Belts nine (9) years ago
K_>fs_.;ii''< mxfsmm and have never been
,JP-__wG_lS_3T])!_safi^ troubled with pains la
=^r^ g^^f^&- my back or hips since.
*^?J _^jiOT:"*_i-/ri\Y**. so you see why lam not
-___»£"* afraid to recommend y >ur
•V?**.? Belt to anyone suffering
*W with a weak back, tains
In the hips and aide, as I was, becaus • it will cure
them never to be doubted. I remain yours to
help the sufferer, .■..•;. GEO. A. KAHL.'
JO" There are no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts cure
without drugs Prie s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1875. -end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss co. (Dr. Pierce &
Son). 704 Sacramento St., cor. of Kearn.-, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 i_.ark.et
St., below Kearny, 3. F,
AOKNCIJSS— K. K. Gogtngs, 904 J St., Sacra-
mento; lhe Uoiden I ru? Co.. cor. Main and El
Dorado sis., r-toc-cton; Geo. G. .Mor house, cor.
Second and San Fernando sis., San Jose.
<K>-CK><><><.-CK_K>O-CK>
AN EXCELLENT
Tf TTT-T A T Properly prepared and ,
IV I I"*-! r\ I promptly served, can J
"*• " *■■*—*+ *"*-^ always b*. obtained in"
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the ' "fX AT ACF
Most Popular KA A I H
Dining Apart- A i->UAV_.J .__
'ment in town, aH^^__^^^^^__
iimn-rn __■ HUH Hill _____„___—BUDD AND
THE SCALPS
Governor and Senators Lock
Horns on the Bounty
Scandal.
REFUSES TO GIVE UP
REPORTS.
Many Dark Stories Circulated in
Reference to the Inquiry of
.. the Finance Committee.
REPORT OF THE STATE SECRET
- SERVICE WITHHELD.
But It Is Said the Chief Executive Is
Laying Wire to Secure Con
victions for Perjury.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.—Gov
ernor Budd has chosen to lock horns with
the Finance Committee of the Senate on
the matter of the investigation of the
coyote bounty claims, and as a conse- >
quence the old-time scandals relative to
this scandal-breeding subject are likely to
fade into utter insignificance.
lt had become known to the Finance
Committee through tiie columns of The
Call that the Governor was in posses
sion of considerable valuable and impor
tant information on thiß subject, and
Chairman Voorheis and Senator Wolfe of
that committee"called on the chief exec
utive of the State this afternoon in order
to have a conference with him on the mat
ter and secure his co-operation to bring
. all the testimony known to be in his pos
session before the committee.
Much to tne surprise of his visitors the
Governor declined to accede tc the sue
gestion of the Senators. His reason was
that the information which he had secured
in his investigation a few years ago was
obtained through the medium of tne State
secret service and that, in consequence, it
was privileged matter and not subject to
the scrutiny of any investigating commit
tee. He cited in support of his attitude a
decision of the State Supreme Court.
Senator Wolfe undertook to argue the
matter with tbe Governor, and toe dis
cussion soon assumed the violence of an
altercation. The voices of both the Gov
ernor and his pugnacious and insistent
adversary rose to a high pitch, but the
Governor refused to be moved from his
position. In the course of the contro
versy Senator Wolfe claimed that the
Legislature had a higher authority than
the Supreme Court, as the latter body was
only a creature of the law-making branch
of the Government,
The two Senators were finally compelled
to withdraw without having made any
headway with Governor Budd, though
when they departed amicable relations
had been re-established all around.
This obduracy of the Governor only
made his interviewers more determined
to thoroughly probe the coyote-scalp
claims till they succeeded in touching the
fountain-bead of the corruption that they
feel certain is connected with them.
The conference with the Governor took
place during the afternoon -eesion of ihe
Senate. At 4 o'clock the Finance Com
mittee met in executive session and unani
mously decided to ask the Senate to
morrow to adopt the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance De
and they are hereby empowered to thoroughly
investigate the subject matter contained in
Senate bill 488, and ln furtherance thereof to
send for persons and papers and to administer
oaths.
Senate bill No. 488 is the coyote bounty
claims bill. In thi< bill full power is re
served to the State Board of Examiners to
examine all claims presented for coyote
scalps, and it is further provided that
"any person swearing falsely or giving
any false testimony before said board in
regard to any matters upon which he may
be examined under the provisions of this
act, shall be deemed guilty of perjury."
Significant in this connection is that
part of the report of the State Board of
Examiners which states that the number
of unpaid scalps for which certificates
have been issued is 57,523, aggregating
the sum of $287,615. The concluding
words of the report on this subject are as
follows: "The board respectfully recom
mends that an appropriation be made to
pay these claims."
In justice to the Governor it is but fair
to state that one of the reasons he ad
vanced for refusing to give the envoys of
the Senate Finance Committee the full in
formation which they desired was that he
was desirous of placing those who had, as
ssWh* believed, previously testified falsely in
a position where they could be convicted
•of perjury. If tbey had committed per
jury in the first instance they were now
exempt f_-om prosecution under the
statute of limitations, and he wanted
them to come before the Board of Exam
iners again.
The conduct of the Governor has cre
ated a deep feeling of indignation among
the members of tbe Finance Committee.
Many of them are of the opinion that his
action is influenced by a desire to shield
some of the county officials who were re
sponsible for the issuance of fraudulent
scalp certificates. One of the members of
the committee in an interview to-night,
gave his impressions as follows:
"To my mind there is no doubt that
great frauds nave been committed in con
nection with these coyote scalp claims,
and that there is a large and powerful
lobby now at work here endeavoring to
secure the passage of the bill. Those who
now hold these claims can well afford to
pay liberally forthe service of lobbyists,
as many of the claims were purchased
from the original holders for 25 and 50
cents on the dollar. I understand that
the Governor has taken issue with the
committee and claims that we have no
right to go into an investigation of the
kind we propose, and that such an in
vestigation is only within the province of
the Slate Board of Examiners. But we
■•hall fully test our powers in the matter.
Th* resolution which we shall ask tbe
Senate to adopt will give us the broadest
kind of authority, and among those who
will be subpenaed will be the Governor.
Then will come the crisis. Should he
decline to furnish the committee with
the information which he has admitted
jje possesses we shall be compelled to con
PACIFIC ROADS AS PUBLIC HIGHWAYS.
WASHINGTON, l). C, Feb. B —The House Committee on Pacific Railroads to-day heard Stuyvesant Fish, president of
the Jersey Central Railroad, and F. S. Bond, vice-president of the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, on matters regarding the
Pacific railroads.
Fish suggests that the Government foreclose on the Union and Central Pacific at the same time and make them public
highways over which all connecting roads would have equal rights. The Sioux City and Pacific, a branch of the North
western, had been built in faith of the Pacific {railroad act that it would be a branch of the Union Pacific, but was cut off from
business with that company. He favored Government ownership on the ground that it would give all connecting roads equal
rights as was intended by the original act. If the Government, however, looked only to making the most money out of its
Pacific road interests it should accept the first good offer.
Bond could not say without consultation with other railroad officials what the roads running to the Missouri River
would like, but he was of the dpiniou that an organization of railroads could be perfected to purchase the Union Pacific.
J. T. Morrison of New York, representing bond and stock holders in the Union and Central Pacific railroads, advocated
a reorganization under which the stockholders would be taken care of.
The committee, after the hearing, went into executive session and agreed to report favorably the Harrison bill creating
a commission consisting of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior and the Attorney-General, to provide
for the payment of the indebtedness of the Pacific roads.
clude that he is endeavoring to shield
some of the Democratic county officials
who have been implicated in the frauds.
You know there is such a thing as an in
vestigating body carrying its investiga
tions too far and finding it advisable to
drop them altogether. It is possible —
mind, I do not say it is so— that the Gov
ernor may have probed too far into this
matter for the good of his party, and
therefore dees not care to make public the
result of his labors."
Ex-Bookkeeper McCalvy appeared before
the Senate Finance Committee this after
noon and asked that his connection with
the coyote claims bill be investigated.
Al Lindiey, history clerk of the Senate,
will probably be appointed to fill the place
made vacant by the resignation of Mc-
Calvy.
— ♦
STATE PRINTEIi NOT TO EL AME.
Fault of the Commissions in Increasing
Expenses.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.— The in
vestigation into the affairs of the State
Printer's office did not progress this after
noon on account of the Republican caucus
which was held at the same hour as that
on which the commiitee on retrenchment
was to meet. State Printer Johnston was
on hand promptly at 4 o'clock to give his
testimony before the committee, but as
the committee did not return from the
caucus until half- past 5 o'clock he could
not wait.
After calling the committee to order
Chairman Melick announced that Gov
ernor Budd had refused to appear before
the committee. He said also that the
Governor would send a message to the
Assembly to-morrow in which he would
give bis reasons for vetoing the bill appro
priating $75,000 for the maintenance of the
State Priming Office.
A printer named Hicks, formerly of the
firm of Hicks, Judd & Co. of San Fran
cisco, appeared before the committee and
denied a statement made to the effect thai
he had complained to Governor Budd
about the management of the institution.
A desultory discussion followed, in
which Mei.ck remarked that the printing
office had been made a political dumping
ground for the friends of members of both
houses of the Legislature, but that this
had nothing to do with the increase in
the expenses of the institution. The nu
merous commissions which have been or
ganized during the past few years have
had a considerable quantity of priming
done — some of them to the extent of
$13,000 each in one year. The excess of
printing was th« fault of the law and not J
of the State Printer The bills of the
State Mineralogist were very large, he I
added, that for printing in 1891 being I
$10,581. If the printing of each of those !
commissions could be restricted to $1000 j
each year a great saving could be effected. I
The printing of the reports, etc., of the '
State Agricultural Society ran Irom $10,000 I
to $13,000 in 1899, to $9000 in 1892 and to |
18000 in 1896. The chairman suggested j
that there should be a special act of the
Legislature restricting the quantity of j
printine done by the commissions. In j
the offices of some of those commhsions
thousands of copies of reports were piled
up, accumulating dirt and waiting for the
time when they will be converted into
fuel. He thought that if the quantity of
printing done by the commissions last
year were cut down one-half of it would
be sufficient. The men in the printing
office are competent and the bookkeeping
admirable.
Adams remarked that a large part of the
expense was caused by illy prepared
manuscripts and by the frequent revision
of proofs. It was stated during the dis
cussion that Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald brought in a voluminous report
containing a large number of newspaper
clippings praising the commissioner and
his work. The State Printer warned to
cut down the report by omitting the news
paper clippings, wnicii were simply
editorial expressions of opinions. He
went before the State Board of Examiners
and asked permission to cut out that part
of the r-port before printing it, but they
laughed him out of ii. The matter of the
10,000 school grammars was mentioned.
The committee was of the opinion that
the State Printer was not to blame, be
cause the law required him always to keep
a siock of school textbooks on hand to
supply the demands. It was decided to
holu another meeting In a day or two and
have the State Printer suggest to the com
mittee some means of stopping the ava
lanche of printing from State officials and
commissions.
STATE ADVERTISING.
An Important Bill Prepared by the
Edttorial Association.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 8. — J. P.
Baumgartncr of the State E litorial Asso
ciation has prepared a bill which will be
introduced in both houses to-morrow. It
provides that the Secretary of State shall,
within thirty days after the approval of
any law by the Governor, prepare the same
for publication in the newspapers and
designate 'the papers in which such publi
cation shall be made; provided that the
Legislature may fully direct or wholly
prohibit the publication of any law by
provision there. made. ' _■
The Jaw shall be construed and inter
preted as providing for and directing the
publication of all laws of general Interest
in at least two newspapers in each county
in the State, and all other laws in at least
two newspapers in each county affected
thereby or interested therein.
The papers selected for such publication
shall be, if possible, on* daily and one
weekly of different ownership and under
different management, and shall be of dif
ferent politics where there are two papers
of different politics possessing the qualifi
cations hereinafter mentioned; and no
paper shall be designated by the Secretary
of State unless it shall have been estab
lished in said county for at least one year
prior to the date of such selection and
shall have a bona fide circulation of at
least 300 subscribers; provided that where
only two or less than tw • ■ papers are pub
lished in any county then the laws shall
be published in said papers regardless of
their politics, circulation or length of time
established, or whether of daily or weekly
issue.
Such newspapers shall receive for such
publication a sum not more than 60 cen:s
nor less than 30 cents for each folio of 100
words; provided that in counties having a
city of more than 20.000 inhabitants the
sum to be paid for such publication shall
not be less than 40 cents nor more than 60
cents for each folio of 100 words; provided
further, that in the counties of San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles the rate shall be
the average rate charged by the news
papers therein for ordinary commercial
advertisement*.
Crthoes Knitttmj-Milt to Resume.
TROY, N. V., Feb. B.— lt is reported that
the Victor knitting-mill at Co hoe?, which
has been shutdown ior several weeks, will
resume operations this week, employing
400 lianas. ■ - . :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
MUCH INTEREST
IN THE DREDGER
Public Works Commissioner
Leake Speaks of the
Big Appropriation.
The Monster Bates Dredger
Needed to Keep Navigable
State Streams Open.
With the Machine a Channel Twenty
F et Wide and Forty Deep Can
Be Cut Four Feet a Minute.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.— E. E.
Leake, Commissioner of Public Works, is
very much interested in the bill appro
priating $300,000 for the construction of a
monster dredger after the pattern of the
Bates machine. In his official capacity
he has made thorough study of the sub
ject and is convinced that the restraining
dams now to be provided to keep the
heavy detritus stored in the canyons from
coming down into the rivers and the
adoption of the modern dredging ma
chine will not only keep the rivers navi
gable — this being the primary object of
the bill but will also reclaim many thou
sands of acres of the most valuable land.
Mr. Leake said to a Call reporter this
morning:
"In the Butte, Sutter, Colusa, American
and Yolo basins there are 386,000 acre* of
swamp and overflowed lands that are in
undated by an average rainfall. Lands
partially reclaimed in the Sacramento Val
ley aggregate 115,633 acres, and are equally
subject to the dangers of ordinary floods.
In the San Joaquin Valley there are 336,240
acres of swamp and overflowed lands, of
which not more than one-tenth pari is
partially reclaimed.
"In 1861 there was returned in Sacra
mento Valley 502,000 acres of swamp land.
The area has since been- largely increased
by reason of the silling and filling up of
the rivers. The higher tnat levees are
constructed the more danger there Is to
land that naturally would not be subject
to overflow. Under the present unsys
tematic method of reclamation this area
is constantly increasing, while the value
of the land is constantly decreasing.
"On the assumption that this land can
be reclaimed it is a reasonable estimate to
place its value at from $30 to $50 an acre.
If this land was seeded to wheat and
would produce fifteen sacks to tbe acre, if
sold at 1 cent per pound the annual income
on the swamp land alone would be
$17,603,292. It would require a barge of a
capacity of 10,000 sacks 1258 days to move
this crop, taking 10,000 sacks each day.
At an average of $1 per ton the annual'
cost of transportation would be 5880,164 60.
"Engineer Hall estimated that on ac
count of high levee building ana other
conditions about 500.000 acres not included
in the above estimate are subject to per
iodical overflow. The perfection of a
drainage system would increase the in
come of the valleys $27,603,292.
"Reclamation distric s involving about
750,000 acres of land have been organized
in Butte, Colusa, Sutter, American and
Yolo basins. A computation made in
1894 showed that on the rivers and the
lands in these districts the Government
had expended $1,000,000 and the State and
individuals $17,000,000. and that for the
most of this there had been no adequate
return.
"The expenditures of 1895 and 1896 have
probably swelled the total to $10,000,000.
There is one reclamation district in Yolo
County on which the sum already ex
pended, and without satisfactory results,
is sufficient to construct a hydraulic
dredger and operate it for ten years.
"The new dredger and all the machin
ery connected with it can be constructed
in this State, lt is one of the most won
derful Inventions of the century. The
official test made by the Government re
cently showed that the maximum capac
ity of the machine was 7798 cubic yards
per hour, while the average ot ten" con
secutive tests is 4921 cubic yards per hour.
The average per cent of sand in the water
discharged was 23.02 (twenty-three and
two one-hundredths). Such a machine in
operation at the Newtown Shoals would
in from forty to fifty days completely ob
literate that obstruction. The effect of
this would give to the entire length of
that stream a relief never beiore received.
It would so increase tbe velocity of tbe
water by augmenting the flow of the tide
that the major portion of the shoals would
be cut out by the natural flow of the
stream."
Mr. Leake was asked as to the claim
made by another inventor that the Bates
dredger was an infringement on his
patent. In reply Mr. Leake said that tbe
State should be amply secured against
any possible litigation in the matter.
Assemblyman Cutter of Yuba said that
the beds of the Yuba and Feather riv rs
in many places were higher than the sur
rounding country, which was not swamp
land either. This fact necessitated the
raising of the levees correspondingly, but
in spite of all the care tbat could be taken
the seepage through the levees continued
to do great damage. Miners and farmers
were united on the restraining dam and
the dredger bill . he added, and there
would be no objection to their passage.
"Think of it," added Mr. Cutter. "A
machine that cuts a channel twenty feet
deep and forty .feet .wide at the rate of
four feet a minute will work wonders in
the way of increasing the navigability of
our rivers and keeping them navigable."
Each Court ■ Wants a Clerk.
Sacramento, cal., Feb. Before
tbe Senate San Francisco delegation
Judged Groezinger and Carroll to-night
argued the need of a clerk for each of the
five San Francisco Justices of the Peace.
It was decided by the delegation that a
favorable report should be made on the
bill providing them, and fixing their re
spective salaries at $100 a month. Mayor
Phelan sent a communication to the dele
gation stating there was no need of such
clerks.
COUNTI GOVERNMENT ACT.
Compensation of Officers Appears a
Knotty Problem to Solve.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B. —That
bogie bill, the county government act, oc
cupied most of to-day's session of the
Senate as a special order. Each session
this measure takes up from two to ten
days in each bouse, to the exclusion of all
other business. This bill, as submitted by
the Senate Committee on County Govern
ments, comprises 150 pages, or about
60,000 words, and it will take, it is ex
pected, about a week in each house for
consideration.
The sections fixing the salaries of the
various county officers are the stumbling
blocks, as each member has more or less
changes to make at each session and he is
generally between two hot fires. On the
one side are the county officials with their
demands for increased compensation or
assistance, or both, and on the other aTe
the protestations of the other constituents
of the members against any such increase
and a consequent addition to the burden
or taxation.
ln order to obviate this biennial tangle,
wrangle and waste of time, Senator Smith
has introduced a constitutional amend
ment, providing as follows:
The compensation of such officers and of
their deputies, clerks and assistants, shall be
regulated in such manner as the Legislature
may, by uniform laws, provide.
Should this be adopted by the Legisla
ture and approved by the voters, it is
intended to introduce a bill in the next
Legislature providing that the question of
salaries for county officers shall be left to
the Supervisors of the respective counties.
It is argued that such salaries come out of
the county treasury, and that consequently
they should be regulated by the le nslative
bodies of the counties. The proposed con
stitutional amendment is generally
favored.
THE UM VtUSITJ.
Mahoney Tils put . the Statement That
It Was a Poor Man's School.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B—Assem
blymen Valentine, Cutter, North, Dibble,
Malcolm, Dryden and others made
speeches this morning in favor of the
final passage of Wright's Assembly bill
120, to levy a tax of 1 cent on each $100 of
taxable property in this State for the pur
pose of creating a fund for additional
support, maintenance, etc., of the Uni
versity of California.
The work of the university was highly
praised, and the institution was spoken of
by several of the speakers as a poor man's
institution. Mahoney took exception to
this title. He was a poor man and the
son of a poor man, and he had always
felt a desire to go to the university, but
he had never been able to do so because
of the lack of funds to support him while
in the institution should be go there. The
best that ha had been able to do was to
work hard in order to be able to attend
night school.
Notwithstanding the fact that the uni
versity was practically closed to the chil
dren of the poor, because their parents are
unable to support them while they are at
tending that institution, he would vote in
favor of the bill, and hoped that it would
pass.
The bill was passed without objection,
and was sent to the Senate.
But the Office Will Cease.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 5.— A rather
humorous incident occurred at the meet
ing of the Senate Finance Committee in
connection with the bill providing for the
salary of the Commissioner of Public
Works. The bill, which originally pro
vided for a a salary of $4000 per annum,
was amended by the Assembly so as to
reduce the amount to $3000. It next
turned up before the Senate Committee
on Labor and Capital, which indorsed the
proposed reduction, but recommended
that it be not made to apply to the incum
bent. The members oi the committee
had evidently lost sight of the fact that
the office of Commissioner of Public
Works will cease to exist at the expiration
of the term of E. E. Leake, the incum
bent.
Fern of Iw t Attorneys.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. B.— The
Committee on Claims of the Senate to-day
decided to recommend that the attorneys'
fees for Robert Y. Hayne, W. W. Foote
and J. C. Daly in the Railroad Commis
sion's case be reduced from $25,000 to
$12,500.
Judge Havne and W. W. Foote. un
aware of the action of the Claims Commit
tee, appeared beiore the Finance Commit
tee of the Senate to present their case for
the payment to them or the $25,000
awarded by the Board of Examiners. They
also argued in favor of the $30,000 contin
gent fund to be used in the continued
prosecution of the case above referred to.
Whtitler'a Application.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.— At a
meeting of the State Prisons Committee
of the Senate to-night the appropriation
of $107,600 asKed for in Senator Androus"
bill for the Whittier State School was cut
down to 139.000.
Notices were sent out to-night by this
committee asking the State Prison Di
rectors to appear before the commiitee
and explain certain expenditures author
ized by them.
BEATEN WITH A LOADED CANE.
Murderous Assault on an ex-Congress
man at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Ten:.., Feb. B.—Ex-Con
gressman W. R. Moore, a leading Repub
lican, and mentioned once for Vice-Presi
dent, aiso for a place in McKinley's Cabi
net, was to-day assaulted on the street by
H. L. Brinkiey, local Fire and Police Com
missioner and an ex-Stale legislator, ihe
assailant using a loaded cane. Moore was
knocked down by the first blow and others
were dealt him while prostrate. His in
juries are pronounced serious. Last week
Colonel Moore issued a circular against a
railroad scheme being promoted by Brink
ley in which be attacked the latter.
General Clarkson at Providence.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Feb. B.— General
Thaddeus Clarkson of Omaha, com
mander-in-chlef of the Grand Army of the
Republic, accompanied by Rev. Mark B.
Taylor, cnapiain -in-chief, arrived in this
city this morning. General Clarkson's
stay in this city will extend' over a period
of ten days ana will be a continued round
of receptions and it. A. li. lions.
ALL AGAINST
REDUCTION
Employes of the Streetcar
Lines Protest Against
Lower Fares.
MEANS STARVATION FOR
THE MEN.
Five Thousand Supporters of
Families Might Have Their
Salaries Cut
ON SOME LINES THE RECEIPTS
AEE VERY LITTLE.
Senator Sam Braunhart Denounced as
Not Being the Frienl of Labor
in Preparing the Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.— There
was a joint meeting of the San Francisco
delegations of the Legislature to-night to
listen to the streetcar employes, who came
here to plead against the passage of the
Braunhart bill to reduce streetcar fares
between certain hours of the day.
It was evident again to-night that the
two delegations are not en rapport, the
Assemblymen showing signs of restless
ness under the tight reins of Senator
Mahoney, chairman of the Senate delega
tion. They claim they are given no op
portunity to participate in proceedings
before the joint delegation.
There were present the following delega
tions of streetcar employes from the
Market-street, Sutter-street, California
street and Sutro roads: W. C. Carpenter,
Frank Bell, G. A. Grimes, E. E. Hardy, J.
C. Sawtelle, L. W. Hallingsworth, J. T.
Miller, 1. J. Manning and William C.
Cook. Their first move was to present the
following petition:
We, the undersigned employes of the vari
ous street railroads in operation within the
limits of the City and County of San Francisco,
respectfully represent as follows: That fully
5000 men are at present in the employ of the
various street railroads within this City and
County; that the wages paid jto employes by
the controlling corporations are barely suffi
cient to supply tne necessaries of life under
present conditions, especially to those who
have families dependent upon them; that the
measure now under consideration by your
honorable body whereby it is proposed to re
duce rates of fare on streetcars is detrimental
to the Interest and welfare of every street rail
road employe, inasmuch as the passage of
such a measure would entail a corresponding
reduction in the scale of wages paid to em
ployes by the various companies; and firmly
believing that such would be the result we
therefore humbly petition your honorable
body to reject this and any such measure that
may be presented for your consideration.
W. C. Cook, a conductor on the Castro
street line of the Market-street Railway
Company, spoke against the passage of
the bill, claiming tbat its ultimate result
would be to reduce the wages of the
employes.
In ans tver to questions he stated he was
paid 22 cents. per hour and that the aver
age earnings of a car on his line per day
is about $16 for eleven hours. He also
denied that the appearance of the street
car employes before the committee was in
any way due to fear of or intimidation on
the part of their employers.
Mr. Carpenter, the president of the
streetcar employes of San Francisco,
stated tbat he was employed on the Fill
more-street line, and that the amount col
lected on some of tha cars of ihat line was
as low asl per day. In another case, he
said, forty-five pessen_ers were carried on
one of these cars during the busy part of
the evening and forty-four tendered trans
fers, while the other was a policeman.
This, he admitted, however, was an un-
I usual case. He believed, that a reduction
of wa_es would follow, because the cor
poration would be only, too glad to have
an excuse, to reduce wanes. He added
that San Francisco was the only ciiy on
the Pacific Coast where streetcar men re
ceived more than 20 cents per hour. He
said that in the course of inquiries from
passengers on his car he had not heard a
sincle one express himself in favor of the
reduction.
F. Bell, a gripman on the California
street line, was of the opinion thai the
men would have to stand any reduction
to lares. Sixty-five per cent of the earn
ings of the company, he clamed, went for
wages to employes. He informed the
committee that the company had been
paying 6 per cent on its capitalization, but
did not know that it was doing as well
now. As the company with which he is
employed transferred to and from the
Union-street and Sutro lines, it carried
many passengers for 1% cents, having to
divide the 5 cents witn the two other
roads. Two-ihiras of its passengers are
carried between the hours presented in
the bill tor the 2^-cent fares. The reduc
tion, he said, mignt enable a few persons
to save $1 50 a month, but it would reduce
the wages of 5000 men $10 to $15 a montb.
"If you are trying to benefit labor," he
remarked to Senator Brannhart, "you are
on the wronc side. Labor organizations,
I am sure, when they know the circum
stances, will not favor the proposed reduc
tion infares."
I. J. Manning, a gripman on the Jack
son-street line, declared San Francisco
was acknowledged to have the best street
railways in the world. He knew of in
stances when but 15 cents were taken in
on a round trip. He was convinced that
if the men were to go out on a. strike the
companies could replace every one of
them at once for less wages.
Here a wrangle occurred between Sen
ator Braunnart and other Senators. They
claimed that tbe father of the bill under
discussion was unduly lengthening out
the hearing by asking unnecessary ques
tions. • ■."..,-
E. E. Hardy, a conductor on the San
Francisco and San Mateo electric railway,
said if the bill were passed that company
would not be able to take a car out of
their carhous- . He stated tbat the re
ceipts of his car on one Sunday was only
$6 50, and that out of this his and the
motorman's wages, amounting to $4 50,
bad to be paid. He admitted this was on
a rainy day and that on fine days the re
ceipts on Sundays ranged between $11 and
$15. For five cents, he continued, a, pas
senger could travel on that road from the
county line to the ferry landing or the
Cliff House, or from the Ocean House to
the Union Iron Works. On weekdays al
most tbe entire receipts of the road came
in between, the hours between which it
was proposed to reduce fares.
Carpenter closed the case for the street
car employes, by a plea against the pas
sage of the bill.
IN ASS EM ill l AMI SENATE.
Passage of the Hill to Exempt the Stan
ford University From Taxes.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. B.— ln the
Assembly to-day Dibble moved that the
Assembly bill providing for the convey.
'B__l___Pß_-*_"-.'. -.-.'. ": v .-
ance of the Veterans 5 Home at Yountville
♦■o the State for use as a home for United
States soldiers, sailors and marines be
mad. a special order for Wednesday
morning. Adopted.
The Alameda bridge bill was read the
second time and made a special order for
"Wednesday morning.
On motion of Sanford, the bill to create
a department of labor was made a special
order for to-raorrcw afternoon.
Speaker Coombs suggested the appoint- j
ment or a special committee to thoroughly
consider the Torrens laud act. The mat- I
ter went over. . ; .*• '
Belshaw attempted to secure the pas
sage as an urgency hearing of his bill re
lating to tbe officers and attaches of the
Legislature. Objection was made and the
bill was made a special order for to-mor- |
:o\v morning.
The Stan lord University tax bill was
taken up at 2 p. m. After a number of
speeches the bill was finally passed ss
to 0.
Shortly after 3 o'clock a recess was taken
to half-past 7 this evening.
When the Assembly reconvened Guy
offered a resolution placing a number of
bills, which had received the indorsement
of various committees, on the urgency '
file.
Upon a rollcall '.it developed that there
was no quorum. A call of the House was
demanded, and Bettman, Dennery, Burn
ham and Mulcrevv were brought before
the bar of the House by the sergeant-at
arms. Upon motion, however, they were
pardoned. 4__*9P ''■*••
The House then proceeded to the con
sideration of the second reading file.
The Senate devoted the entire morning
session to a discussion of the county gov
ernment bill, consiaering it section by
section, amendments being offered to each.
In the Senate this afternoon Assembly
bill 21, providing for the disincorporation
of cities of the sixth class, passed its sec
ond reading. Several other Assembly
bills were on the special file, but the re
port of the committee on revision of them
was withheld to force them over so that
the county government bill could be
taken up.
The consideration of this bill consumed
the greater part of the afternoon, a num
ber of amendments being adopted; among
which was one by Stratton, compelling
assessors to file a verified account, with
vouchers attached, of all disbursements
incurred in the making of maps for as
sessment purposes. Stratton claimed this
should have half of the amounts now ex
pended by the counties for such maps.
Mahoney introduced a bill providing
that corporations may become sureties on
bonds.
Wolfe introduced a resolution that the
Committee on Finance be empowered and
directed to thoroughly investigate the
coyote-claims bill. An adjournment was
taken before the resolution was voted
upon. ■>*
THE ENDEAVOR CONVENTION.
Satisfactory Rates Made With the Rail
road Companies — Growing Interest
Among Eastern People.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— S. Web
ster of San Francisco, who is vice-presi
dent of the committee in that city having
charge of the details of the international
NEXT TO-DAT.
TO THE POINT.
£2BH___________B _n__fi_9_B_B___B__Bi H_lHl_HH_H___l_^_l^Bfl_l
FOR THIS WEEK
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO
C _E3I _H_-A.r>
THAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW . . . . .
DINNER SET.
tf% A piece Pure White English Ware. 0.50
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ptT itt
■ ■ ...
f%f\ piece Light Blue Spray Decoration. A'7s
" " Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ p % t
fiO fi ece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K«5O
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best ■*-**-* p^
100 ieee ure White English Ware. K.OO
■"^ Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best v -* pc . ct
100 piece Light Blue Spray Decoration. 7. 50
I^-*" Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best • pe /rf
I A A piece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
■"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect fi *"so
gem. Complete for 2 persons. Quality warranted best '.*S? pe . r ci
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
This Week's Prices Enable Everybody
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY SAVING .% STORES.
Great American Importing Tea Co*
140 Sixth Street. 146 Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. 218 Third Street.
2510 Mission Street. 2008 Fillmore Street.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. j-^v 3285 Mission Street.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053 Washington Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
131 San Pablo . Avenue. 917 Broadway.
1355 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS—SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
Christian Endeavor convention to be bald
there in July, is at present in this city.
"We came near having the convention
two years ago," he said, "but could not
then make satisfactory railroad rates.
Now wo have fixed a round-trip rate that
is the lowest that has ever been given. The
convention of 1397 goes to San Francisco
at the invitation of the State Union of
California. ......
"In San Francisco, as in other cities,
many leading citizens were unacquainted
with the Endeavor movement, but when
it was explained to them they came for
ward with a ready response to raise
$25,000 to care properly for the convention.
"In the East I find among business men
a growing interest in the opportunity to
visit the Pacific Coast at a cost so nominal
as $50 from Chicago to San Francisco and
back, and one fare for the round trip to
Chicago. This fare is open to everybody."
Mr. Webster said the Endeavorers
should take warm clothing, as in the
month of July the mean temperature in
San Francisco is HO degress and there is
not a little fog. An hour's ride, however,
takes visitors into a warmer climate.
ARGENTINA'S ; INSURRECTION.
Religious Fanatics Rout Federal Troops
and Destroy More Than Sixty
Rich Plantations.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— The Her
ald's special cable from Buenos Ayres
says: Rio Janeiro advices state, tnat the
fanatical insurrectionists under Consel
heiro have now 6000 well-armed men or
ganized and concentrated in Bahia.
The people in the rural towns are now
helping the fanatics witn arms and money.
Where this help is not given the venge
ance of Conselbeiro's band falls upon the
settlers. In this manner more than sixty
rich plantations have already been de
stroyed. The Government has been in
formed that several foreigners have j oined
the fanatics and are pushing forward a
more scientific military organization
among them.
Two small towns were pillaged and
burned by the fanatics yesterday. In sev
eral skirmishes with the federal tr. ops the
latter were defeated. The fanatics have
obtained steam launches and now patrol
the rivers and streams in the districts
where they are strongest. In this way the
range of devastation committed by them
is extended, and the utmost terror pre
vails in that region.
The press of Rio Janeiro now demands
that the Government immediately send a
much stronger force to Bahia to overcome
| the fanatical movement.
The Society of Spiritualists of Rio Ja
| neiro has sent a commission to Bahia to
attempt to convince the fanatics that it
will be well for them to submit to the
Government in temporal matters. It is
! again charged by the press of Brazil that
the enemies of the republic are the insti
| gators of the outbreak.
34
LOVE OF LIQUOR
THEIR UNDOING
Four Tramps Poisoned by
Drinking Illuminating
Alcohol.
Two Are Dead, Another Missing
and a Fourth Writhes
in Agony.
The Survivor Claims They Bought
the Poisonous Liquid at a
Saloon.
TULARE, Cal., Feb. Four tramps
were poisoned here last night as a result
of drinking alcohol which they purchased
In Sumner. Two are dead, the third is in
_ precarious condition and the other can
hot be found, but is believed to have sue
sumbed also.
Night Watchman George Newell was
Informed by a tramp shortly alter 9
(.'clock that a man way dying in a boxcar
dear the corral. Newell went to the place
»nd found the man suffering intense pain.
He gave his name as Stewart Taylor of
Maryaville, Cal. He was brought to the
depot and medical assistance was sum
moned, but he died in great agony soon
afterward.
Another tramp, giving his name as
Burns, appeared this morning and told
the officers that he believed be had been
poisoned. He wav taken in charge and
made as comfortable as possible, and is
now at the Centra! Hotel, with some Pope
of recovery. From him it was learned the
cause of their distress, and he also gave
information which led to the finding of a
Becond dead man.
Burns says that the alcohol they drank
was purchased at a Sumner saloon. He
says they bought forty cents' worth, and
afterward returned ani bought twenty
five cents' worth more.
Burns told City Marshal Carlisle that
his partner was in a boxcar and that he
was suffering great pain. The officers
went at once to the old roundhouse
grounds and there found the man's body.
He had died shortly before their arrival.
The fourth tramp, who is a short, heavy
set fellow, about 35 years old, has not
been found. Burns says he took quite as
much of the alcohol as did the others and
it is supposed that his body will be found
in some out-of-the-way place.
A Coroner's jury passed upon the caßes
of Taylor and the unknown dead, bringing
in a verdict of death by alcoholic poison
ing.
It is well known that pure grain alcohol
will not kill if imbibed moderately, but
that wood alcohol is deadly poison and is
used only for illuminating purposes.
Competent authorities state that an ounce
of wood alcohol will kill a man. The
bottle the tramps had holds twelve ounces,
enough to kill twelve men..
Burns, who now lies at the Centra]
Hotel, is perhaps 37 years old. He is
smooth shaven, wiih the exception of a
mustache of several weeks' growth, has a
dark complexion, dark hair and is 5 feet
7 inches in height. Taylor and the tramp
whose name cannot be learned will be i
buried here to-morrow. . I
SAN JOSE DIVORCE SUITS.
Action Against a Daughter of the Late
W. W. Wilson— Decree for Mrs.
Hambly.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. s.— Frank E.
Coykendall, a prominent young business
man of this city, to-day began a suit for
divorce from his wife, Alice Mac Coyken
dall, now living in , Chicago, on the
grounds of infidelity and desertion. The
plaintiff is the daughter of the late W. W.
Wilson, the inventor of the Wheeler &
Wilson sewing machine. The couple
were married in Chicago on November 22,
1892, and the wedding was an important
social affair. They then returned to San
Jose accompanied by her father. Shortly
after Mr. Wilson died suddenly, and Mrs.
Coykendall inherited considerable prop
erty.
On January 31, 1896, Mrs. Coykendall re
turned to Chicago, where she has since re
mained. The divorce case is no surprise,
as at the time of Mrs. Coykendall's de
parture her friends understood that she
would not return. There are no children
and no community property.
K'tty Hambly was granted a divorce
from Thomas W. Hambly to-day by Judge
Lorigan on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Hambly first began suit against his
wife on the ground of desertion, but this
was abandoned, and she instituted a
counter suit. Hambly is a letter-carrier.
Mrs. Hambly testified that her husband
belonged to so many lodges that the ex
pense was so great that he wa_. unable to
support her. The plaintiff was awarded
the custody of the child and $20 a month
alimony.
Suit for divorce was commenced to-day
by Flora A. Lacey against Leroy D. Lacey
on the ground of extreme cruelty.
SAN JOSE'S INNOVATION.
Secret Societies of the City Prepare to
Open Their Co-Operative
Drugstore.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. B.— The trouble
between the Sons of St. George and the
three Ancient Order of Fore, lodges
and the physicians and druggists of this
city has culminated in the organization of
• stock company with a capital of $12,500
for the purpose of carrying on a drug
business. Articles of incorporation have
been drawn up and will be filed in a few
days. The stock is divided into 5000
shares of the value of $2 50 each, and will
be sold to the members of the four lodges.
It is said that nearly all the stock has been
subscribed. Case's drugstore on San
Fernando street, near the postoffice, will
be purchased by the company.
The difficulty between the societies and '
physicians is due to the refusal of the
doctors to take lodge business at a per
capita per member per month.
Ukiah Suspect Bound Over.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. B.— The preliminary
examination of Gregorio Ybarra, charged
with the murder of Benjamin Henderson,
near this place, on the 3d inst., was held
to-day before Justice of the Peace G. W.
Critchfield. The defendant was bound
over to the Superior Court for trial with
out bail.
To Be Deported iron. San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 8. — United
States Commissioner Knoles to-day or
dered Ah Wing Wong, Jim Thing and
Ah See deported to China. Tbey were
arrested by customs officers on Friday, on
a charge of illegally entering United States
territory and were found guilty to-day.
San Diego Bec-i'-er.hip
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. B,— Judge
Hughes this afternoon appointed A. D.
Norman receiver of the Citizens' Traction
Company Electric Railroad on petition of
the Union Savings Bank Trust Company,
which holds $40,000 of the company's
bonds, on which interest was defaulted.
La:er the company filed a petition in in
solvency, alleging liabilities of $85,000.
including $60,000 in bonds. The road will
be kept in operation. - V;.?' : ■-•;;...
TA COMA'S SMALLPOX SCARE.
Third Case Develops Since the Arrival of
the Steamship Victoria From
Chine.
TACOMA, Wash, Feb. B.— The third
case of smallpox since Friday has broken
out here and grave fears of an epidemic
are entertained. The contagious disease
was brought from China by the Northern
Pacific steamer Victoria, which arrived
two weeks ago. Its Chinese crew was de
tained at Diamond Point, but for some
reason the quarantine officer allowed the
officers of the ship to coma to Tacoma,
land and circulate among the people.
On Saturday Second Engineer John
Cobb was attacked by smallpox and bis
residence on L street was quarantined.
The house is constantly watched by the
police to prevent people entering or de
parting and a special physician will be
chosen to-morrow to attend Cobb. An
other man, who lives at South Tacoma
and has been closely associated with Cobb
during the last few days, was yesterday
removed to the iatter's house and quaran
tined with him. With their families, eight
persons are now quarantined in the one
house.
So far the two men have had no medical
attendance, because the city and county
authorities are not agreed as to whicn
shall assume the responsibility and ex
pense of caring for the sick. To-morrow
this will be decided by an opinion of the
County Attorney. City Physician Quevli
is not anxious to attend the patients, and
the city officers prefer that he shall spend
his time vaccinating the school children.
Another complication arises from the
fact that new charter amendments that
have just gone into effect do not provide
for a Board of Health. The county pest
house was burned three years ago, but the
Commissionets are arranging to build
another at once in the belief tbat more
cases will develop.
This afternoon a little girl at Thirteenth
and A streets, in the center of town, was
found to have smallpox. She had been
going to school up to yesterday.
Federal quarantine officers are blamed
for allowing the Victoria's officers to come
ashore and visitors to board the vessel
while in port-
DROWNED NEAR SANTA ROSA.
Searchers Find the Body of Edward
Stump, Whose Riderless Horse Was
Cap .ured Recently.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. B.— The rider
less horse that swam from the Laguna de
Santa Rosa on Saturday proves to have
been owned by Edward Stump, a son of
Conrad Stump of this township. As soon
as the animal was identified the parents
of the young man were notified and a
large party began a systematic search for
the rider. For three days their efforts
were in vain, and it was not uniil late this
afternoon that the body was found in a
deep pool about twenty feet below the
bridge whicn Stump had attempted to
cross. __._■•-.
At the t'me of the accident the water
was running fully four feet above tbe floor
of the bridge, and it is supposed tbat the
swift current threw the horse against the
frail railing, which at once broke and both
steed and rider were swept into the seeth
ing flood below. The young man had
started to visit relatives at Cazadero,
twenty-five miles distant. He wore a
heavy overcoat and was otherwise dressed
lor a long journey and when thrown into
the swift current was unable to make
much effort to reach shore.
Stump was about 20 years of age.
SWINDLED AN A CAMPO MERCHANT.
Confidence Man in Jail at Stockton for
Passing a "Raised" Bank
. note.
STOCKTON, Cal.,. Feb. B.— William
Smith, aged 62 years, a member of the
gentry that live by their wits while they
are out of jail, dropped into Acampo
yesterday morning, worked his swindle
and departed. He was overtaken at Gait
and was brought to the County Jail here
on the noon train to-day. '(■ .1.
The old fellow was a "note-raising"
sharp, and he fixed a dollar bill so as to
deceive a storekeeper into imagining that
its par value was $10. The sharper en
tered the general merchandise store of D.
M. Denehy & Co. and bought articles of
apparel to the value of $1 35, passing to
the storekeeper the "raised" dollar bill
and receiving the proper change in good
money. When the storekeeper discovered
that the piece of paper was not worth $10
he notified a constable and also tele
phoned to the Sheriti's office. Denehy
; and the minion followed in pursuit of the
old man. the latter having gone toward
Gait. When he was overtaken and ar
rested he had in hi. possession a printed
treatise on "raising" money bills.
CAN --HELLO" TO SAN DIEGO.
long Distance Telephone line to Beach
the Southern Seaport.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. B.— C. W. Hin
cliffe, superintendent of the Sunset Tele
graph and Telephone Company, who is in
tho city, to-day gave out information to
the effect that San Diego would be con
nected with Los Angeles, San Francisco
and the rest of the coast cities by long
distance telephone witbin three months.
The company had received positive as
surance that the 4000 red cedar poles re
quired would be on the ground within
thirty days, when the wort of extending '
the line would begin. The new extension
will run from Santa Ana and will proba
bly touch at Soutb Riverside, Elsinore,
Temecula, Falibrook and Escondido. It
will be 140 miles in length and will cost
$75,000.- When completed San Diego can
talK with Redding over a line whose total
length is 1100 miles.
MILL VALLEI SCHOOL CASE.
Effort Made to Have It Thrown Out of
Court.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. B.— ln Justice
Bellrude's court in Sausalito this after
noon the case against N. B. Countryman,
principal of the Mill Valley public school,
charged by C. E. Clin_ with battery on
his nine-year-old son, was called. Adolph
iva, an attorney employed by Cline to
prosecute the case, arose and said that he
had been informed that the District At
torney had written a letter to Judge Bell
rude, in which he stated that he bad
looked into the matter and found that the
prosecution had no case and asked that it
be dismissed.
C. E. Cline declared that be had author
ized no one to dismiss the case. Judge
Bellrude produced the letter, but said that
he had not dismissed the matter, and set
Saturday as the time for trying the case.
Pleased Hith San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. Bishop
Newman preached to 1500 people at the
First Methodist ..Church yesterday. He
and Mrs. Newman are greatly pleased with
San Diego and have signified their inten
tion of spending much ot their time here
in the luture. This week they are the
guests of Jesse Grant and family.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1597.
WARRING CHINESE
AT LOS ANGELES
See Yups Order One of
Tlieir Own Stores-
Boycotted.
*■
Accuse the Wife of Its Owner
of Giving Aid to the
Police.
Officers Break Up a Private Court in
Which She Was Being
Tried.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. B.— Chief of
Police Glass was notified yesterday that a
new source of trouble i.ad arisen in China
town between the Sam Yups an the See
Yaps. In addition to the former Doycott
of the See Yups aeainst the Sam Yups an
entirely new scheme of boycott has been
promulgated. This is no less a poser than
a boycott of the See Yups against one of
theirown stores; and the immediate cause
of this latest highbinder ukase is a
Christian Chinese woman, whose smile is
"child-like and bland."
The woman is Soo Hoop Sing, the wife
of Sing Chung. She is the mother of
nine chil J ren and claims to be a good
Christian. A short time ago two of her
children were presented with some caps
oy a prominent Sam Yup. This appeared
to enrage the See Yups, and the following
order, printed in Chinese characters, was
posted throughout Chinatown:
fie it known to all that the Soo Hoop Sing
woman conspired with the American people
to abuse our Chinese people wl.hout cause.
That cruel woman has not only done much
harm to our people, but has also assumed
leadership for the Sam Yup men against our
See Yup men by going to court to assist them
and help the policemen to 111-treat our people.
What have the white people to do with our
private affairs? All our people should stand
together and boycott Sing Chung's store. If,
on the other hand, any See Yup man should
be caught buying things from said store he
shall be dealt with as though he nought goods
from Sa n Yup stores. Let all bear in mind.
Posted by all people.
When Chief Glass heard of this notice
be ordered all copies of it to be torn down.
His orders were carried out, and soon a
delegation of Chinamen, accompanied by
an attorney, waited upon him. They mis
represented the notice, but the Chief had
had it translated and gave tbem to under
stand that there must be no trouble in
Chintown and no more posting of similar
orlers.
The heathens then resorted to a new
dodge. They proceeded to hold a private
court. Chief Glass beard of it and sent
Sergeant Smith and Detective Auble to
investigate. They found the court in ses
sion and the woman and her husband
present and under duress. The meeting
was broken up.
Soo Hoop Sing, Chief Glass says, is a
good Chinese woman, but she has never
assisted tbe police in any manner.
TROUBLES OF THE SEABORGS.
Suit Brought by the Aged Capitalist to
Recover Property From His Young
Ex- Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. January
and May, in the persons of B. O. Seaborg
and his young 'ex-spouse, are to have an
other round in the courts. Seaborg is
now asking the court to assist him in re
covering a number of valuable horses and
some money that he gave to his wife,
Etta, J from whom he was divorced some
time ago. He claims that she obtained
some of his property through fraud; that
her profession of love for him was a fraud ;
that her life witb bim was a fraud; that
fraud permeated her wholo make-up. He
declares that the woman made him be
lieve she was affectionate and devoted,
and while ln that frame of mind he
conveyed to her the property that he now
wishes to recover. His attorney tried to
impress upon the Judge that the defendant
in tbe suit was a most undutiful wife and
was untrue to her vows while married.
Before the marriage she was aware that
Seaborg was weil off and thought that by
marrying him she could "pull tbe wool
over his eyes" and gain possession of con
siderable money and land.
In connection with tbis suit to recover
prop rty from bis former wife Seaborg bas
another pending in which Guy Barham is
defendant. Seaborg in tbis latter com
plaint asks for heavy damages, claiming
that Barbam is greatly to blame for the
trouble that has befallen the house of Sea
borg. ___________________
FLOODING YOLO BASIN.
Numerous Breaks in the levee Along
the Sacramento.
WOODLAND, Cal, Feb. B.— The heavy
rainfall of last week has caused the Sacra
mento River and tributary streams to risa
rapidly. There are many breaks in the
levee between Knights Landing and Sac
ramento on the Yolo side, and the water
is pouring out into the big basin in im
mense volumes. Cache Creek has sub.
sided, and there is no danger ol an over
flow from that source.
Frank Grimes, a merchant of Knights
Landing, was in town to-day. He has
just returned from Yuba City, and said
the river was higher at Tehama than it
bad been lor eight years. The water in
the river at Knights Landing is at the 16
--feet pin mark and still rising. There were
no breaks in the levee at tbat place. The
rain has ceased failing and fair weather is
pred.oted.
WEDDED AT SANTA . CRUZ.
Oest- Can field Nuptials Celebrated at the
Bride's Home.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. B.— Emil W.
Oest of San Francisco and Miss Anna Can
field were married here this morning at
the residence of C. E. Canfield, brother of
the bride. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. C. O. Tillotson, rector of Calvary
Episcopal Church. The marriage was
attended by relatives and a few friends
only, and was followed by a breakfast pre
pared by Mrs. C. E. Canfield. Mr. Oest is
in the mercantile business in *• San Fran
cisco, for which city be and Mrs. Oest left
by the noon train. Miss Canfield was a
nvmberof one of the early Spanish fam
ilies of Santa Cruz. She. has spent most
of her lif*_ here and isa general favorite.
[Hospital for Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. B— Ata
meeting held at the residence of Mrs. L.
E. H. Allen, steps were taken for the
establishment of a hospital in this city.
Plans were formulated for the immediate
furtherance of the enterprise.
Salt Lake Beceirership Petition.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. Applica
tion was made to the court to-day on be
half of George S. Griscom and M. E.
Anderson for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the Pennsylvania Smelting Com
pany. The applicants recently filed suit
AMBULANCE STATION OPENED YESTERDAY AT GOLDEN GATE PARK.
The Board of Health has opened up its new ambulance station at Golden Gate Park. This fact was put upon the minute
book yesterday for the information of nil visitors. The station was opened yesterday afternoon. Hereafter persons needing
surgical aid in the pleasure ground or in the vicinity, in Richmond or the adjacent sections, will get prompt service, for sur
geons will be in attendance day and night The new station is situated upon the knoll where the old Casino formerly stood,
which is considered a convenient site. The surgeons who will be in attendance are Drs. John T. Stafford and W. W. Wymore.
The Park Commissioners provided the building and the Health Department provided the ambulance and its equipment. The
driver of the ambulance is Charles Haplan. The purpose of the station is to treat patients who need immediate help. There
are beds for patients, who will be permitted to remain until they are able to be moved. The Board of Health in providing this
station made a move which will be duly.appreciated by the entire section west of the cemeteries and south of the park.
against the company to recover $199,872 15
and now allege that the property of the
company is worth $3-0.000 and the in
debtedness aggregates $370,000. Thursday
was set as the time for hearing the peti
tion. F. H. Officer, the president of the
company, is mentioned as likely to be
named as receiver.
Eire at Spring alley.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. B.— gasoline
stove explosion was the cause ot a fire on
Saturday evening which destroyed the
large ranchhouse with all the contents,
belonging to Ed win Coop in Spring Valley,
twelve miles east of this city Everything
in th bouse, clothing included. . was
burned, the family barely escaping with
their lives. Tbe loss is $3000 with no in
surance. .
Eortereille Arson suspects.
PORTERVILLE, Cal., Feb. B.— M. S.
Chiuda was arrested here last evening by
Constable Sigler upon the charge ot arson.
Chiuda's store and goods were destroyed
by fire early on the morning of July 5 last.
Mitrovich, a partner in the business at the
time, was arrested on Saturday last at San
Diego. An officer left last evening to bring
him back.
"KID" KEEPS THE BELT.
George Lavigne Gets the Decision From
McPartland in the Battle for the
Lightweight Championship.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— George
("Kid") Lavigne of Saginaw, Mich., on
whose shoulders the mantle of light
weight champion fell recently, was called
on to defend his newly acquired title in a
twenty-five round bout with "Kid" Mc-
Partland of this city to-night. Lavigne
got the decision after the full twenty-five
rounds had been fought. The champion
did all the leading from start to finish
and punched his man hard, although it
was a very clean fight, without a trace of
blood. McPartland's awkward style made
it difficult for Lavigne to land his swing
ing blows on the jaw, but he kept the
local man strictly on the defensive.
McPartland's fast footwork and clever
ducking saved him several times. It was
a very fast battle, as Lavigne cut out a
terrific pace, which he maintained to the
close. McPartland put up a good staying
fight, but he scarcely led, except at the
opening of a few rounds before he was
forced to resort to saving tactics. The
bout drew a very fair crowd to the arena
of the Broadway Athletic Club to-night,
notwithstanding tbe prices of admission
had been raised to half again as much as
the ordinary figures.
MiPartland bad an advantage of nearly
six inches in height, and also had a
longer reach, but the Saginaw boy's
friends were in noway doubtful ofthe re
sult and very little McPartland money
was put up at odds of 1 to 2.
The preliminary bout brought out Jack
Daly of Wilmington and Jack Burke of
Brooklyn, who were scheduled to go
twelve rounds at 138 pounds, and fought
to a draw.
The principals of the main bout weighed
in at 3 o'clock, and McPartland barely got
inside' the limit of 133 pounds, while La
vigne scaled 131 }-£ pounds. The Saginaw
lad's seconds were Sara Fitzpatrick, Paddy
Purt- and Henry PidgeQn. McPartland's
aiders were Jack Dougherty, Billy Hamil
ton and Bob Clark.
The men shook hands at 10 o'clock. La
vigne started in with his customary vim
and quickly bad McPartland busy avoid
ing his rushes. The local man was very
awkward, but managed to duck some
dangerous blows. Lavigne, however,
laaded right and left on both sides of the
head and also put a corking right on the
body, while McPartland's left landed on
the Kid's chest just once. Lavigne kept
bis man continually on tie run. Mc-
Partland slipped to his bands and knees
twice in trying to get away. McPartland
delighted bis admirers in the third by put
ting a straight left on the mouth and
right and left twice on both sides of tbe
bead, while he managed to avoid La
vigne's rushes. The Saginaw Kid forced
Mac to the ropes several times in the
fonrth and kept the local man busy with
footwork. Lavigne sent a couple of hot
ones in on the body, and Mac countered
with the left.
There was lots of good fighting in the
next three rounds, and Lavigne opened
the seventh with two left swings on the
jaw and followed up witb a hard right on
tbe body. Then Lavigne landed on the
body, nearly doubling Mac up, and came
back with an uppercut on the chin. La
vigne rushed furiously and Mac dropped
on his knees. Just as the bell rang. Mac
landed a straight left on the chin that
staggered Lavigne. '. .-•?.-•
McPart:and shoved his left into
Lavigne's face when they came up for the
ninth, but a great right cross on tbe bead
evened up matters for the Saginaw boy.
After Mac put a left on the nose
in the tenth Lavigne forced him
twice to the ropes and nearly finished
him with a right on tbe jaw. McPartland
lo* ked twice with the close of the eleventh,
but though Lavigne was doing all the
work he appeared very fresh and Kept up
the fusillade in tbe twelfth. Mac rushed
in the thirteenth, but bis effort only made
tbe "Kid" smile. Lavigne kept up the
fierce attack and Mac waa forced to sprint.
Both put lefts on the mouth in the fif
teenth, and Lavigne wound up with a
fearful body blow and quickly bad Mac on
tbe defensive.
Plenty of money exchanged bands at
this point in the betting that Mac would
not last the twenty-five rounds. Mao bad
plenty of work to save himself in the
nineteenth, but managed to land a right
swing on the ear. Lavigne's tremendous
exertions began to tell a little bit on him
in the twenty. first.
In the twenty-second round Mac coun
tered sharply and crossed bis right once,
but Lavigne nearly floored him with a bard
swing just behind tbe jaw as tbe bell rang.
Mac took a lot of body punishment in
the next two rounds, but Lavigne could
not reach tbe jaw. Lavign* rushed like a
tiger in the last round, but Mac met him
with a couple of stiff, lefts. Lavigne was
desperate but a bit wild, and Mac de
fended himself well and stayed to the end.
The referee gave La7igne the decision.
Twenty Bnund. to a Draw.
BUFFALO, N. V., Ftb. 8 —Martin Fla
herty of L. well. Ma __ and Joe Mullins of
Boson fought twenty rounds to a draw at
the Olympic Athletic Clud to-night.
KICKS AND BLOWS
THIS WOMAN'S LOT
Thomas Siddall's Method
of Attesting Love for
His Wife.
The Millbrae Man Admits in
Court That He Abused
Her at Times.
Physicians Decide That His Is Not a
Case of Insanity, but of "Pure
Cussedness "
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 8. —
Thomas A. Siddall of Millbrae, accused of
being insane and attempting to poison
his wife by administering morphine to
her, was this morning again brought be
fore the Superior Court on the insanity
charge.
It will be remembered that S'.ddall was
arrested last Friday night on a complaint
signed by Dr. Baldwin of San Mateo
charging him with being dangerous to be
at large. On Saturday he was brought
before the court on habeas corpus proceed
ings Instituted by his attorney, it being
then contended that he was illegally de
prived of his liberty for the reason that
he was not legally committed, the com
plaint not having been sworn to before
the committing magistrate. The Judge at
that time made an order releasing Siddall
on his own - recognizance, provided he
would again appear before the court on
the following Monday. The matter com
ing up again for hearing this morning the
writ of habeas corpus was granted. j"*.
This, however, availed nothing, for in
the interval between Saturday and to-day
another complaint was properly sworn to,
charging the same offense. The hearing
of this took place this morning. Drs.
Barrel of Redwood City and Miner of San
Mateo were the examining physicians.
Mr. and Mrs. German, who live oppo
site the Siddall home in Millbrae, testified
to many acts of cruelty on the part of
Siddall toward his wife. They had fre
quently been called in from their home at
all times of the night by the cries of Mrs.
Siddall. Tbey said that atone time Sid
dall took a lighted lamp into the barn,
which was filled with bay, and threw it
on the floor, smashing it to pieces. They
described certain eccentricities of Sid
el all's, such as going to work when the
moon arose and wonting all night, tear
ing apart and rebuilding his wagon, and
blowing a cornet while riding about on
horseback at different times of the day or
night.
Siddall denied these accounts. He
swore that his wife had a most impetuous
temper. He admitted that he had mal
treated her in times past, but denied tbat
he nad done so lately.
After hearing the evidence -on both
sides, the physicians suggested that there
were no symptoms of insanity, but that
the acts complained of showed rather a
spirit of mere "cussedness," and they
could not commit him on the evidence.
Tne court ordered him to be discharged
and intimated that the only way to reach
him would be by a criminal proceeding,
remarking that there was no jury in the
county but would convict him on the evi
dence produced before the physicians to
day.
But Siddall's troubles were not to end
with his discbarge. * Late this afternoon
his wife caused a complaint in divorce to
be served upon him. In the complaint
sue charges him with extreme cruelty,
alleging several instances when he mal
treated her, beating her with his fists
and knocking her down and fracturing
her arm. In the complaint she also ac
cuses him of having in the last week at
tempted to take tier life by administering
poison to her. She prays for a divorce
and a_ks the custody of their fiv -month
old boy; that Siddall be compelled to pro
vide for herself and boy and pay her coun
sel fees, and mat sbe be awarded the
whole of the community property.
Even this was not ; the end, for at the
time of the service of the divorce papers a
restraining order was served upon Siddall,
commanding him to refrain from incum
bering, transferring, disposing of or in
any way interfering with the personal
property. It further commanded him to
NEW TO-DAT.
J?!,,? 1110118 • nd Nervous disorders such as Wind and p., ( „ ._,„ ... _-_.„ _. ._
Giddiness. Fullness and Swelling after meals Dizzine .?««*> .? In V l6 Stomach, Sick Headache,
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of BreTth to. t.venos^ ™__.h lneBS ' C °_ d C o hi _ ,ls - S"**nfi
Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all Nervous and^mb^T_^«S_f.l - n he ln ' DlBturbe<i
are caused by constipation, as most of them are thk pi _£_•£_.__£ _. when these symptoms
_4___£.7__JB_OT
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. >.*?i
t.«?".._>?.^?.^^
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders noon tho _..«. -.*-*,_*._.. **•<*,__._ .-_. _
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion b?in_ »£ w_ th.? *___*« strengthening the
and arousing with the Ko.ebu/of I ea tVtheVhl?^
frame. I These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society and on! nf ._. hu ? iaa
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that Bee chain 'J Piii» ♦_ » he best
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. * BCna, " Q » pill » have the Larger
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
>y. 25e. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agent* R v at mnn ._,_. , „
Yoric. po_t paid, upon receipt of price. Boot free upon aDohcat^n ' 36a Canal St New
"*« upon application.
delist from visiting the home of the par
ties to the suit.
Siadall will oppose the divorce, though
there set ms to be no question but that ii
will be run ted. He will commence suit
to set aside a certain deed of property now
standing in tie name of his wife, on the
ground that it was pur.l.as' d with his
own separate estate, and although it ap
pears on the records in her name it really
belongs to him personally. The outcome
is awaited with interest
SUICIDE NEAR STOCKTON.
Rancher W. W. Hopkins' Body Found
Hanging From a Rafter in His
Woodshed.
STOCKTON. Cal., Feb. B.— W. R.Hop
kins, a prominent rancher living about
eight miles east of here, hanged himself
last night. The deed v.as discovered at
sunrise, when a boy employed on the
farm went after fuel to start the kitchen
fire.
As he approached the woodshed, near
the side of the house, he saw some object
hanging from a rafter, and upon closer in
spection discovered that it was the body
of the farmer.
A sawbuck near the body evidenced
tbe method employed by the suicide to
end his existence. He had taken a piece
of roue and tied one end to a rafter in the
shed.
Mounting the sawbuck he tied the other
end around his neck, and then stepped off.
His feet were within six or eight inches of
the sawbuck. He could not nave struggled
much, for he had not kicked it over.
"Dick" Hopkins, as he was called by
everybody, had trouble with his wife some
time ago and they were divorced. He
had been living at the farm with two of
his daughters and one of his sons since
then, and they were at home when he
took hi life.
The farm did not belong to him, but to
the children, having been left to them by
a relative at the death of the latter. He
managed it as tbe guardian of the chil
dren.
. Hopkins was a Grand Army man, and
was formerly a member of Rawlins
Post of this city. He was a New Yorker
and 47 years of age. He had been farming
in this county for many years, and during
the last few seasons had been hard pressed
for money. It is supposed that his suicide
was due to financial discouragement in
connection with his domestic troubles.
STEAMEKs TO SIBEBIA.
Tees May Fly Between Vancouver and
Vladivosiock.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. B.— Dr. de
Kannet, the eminent Russian lecturer,
who is now here to give addresses on Si
beria and its prospects, declares that with
the opening of the trans-Siberian railroad
there will speedily follow direct and rapid
steam communication between Viadivo
stock and Vancouver. This would place
British ■ Columbia in an all-around-tbe
world route that could be traversed in
forty days.
Dr. de Kannet expects the Canadian
Pacific Railroad to join in the work of de
veloping this great route by land and by
sea. He predicts that, witn the opening
of the railway, there would come such
vast gold development in Siberia as would
make that country one of the greatest
gold producers in the world. Even now,
with but primitive appliances and meth
ods, It produces in the neighborhood of
$29,000,0.0 in gold yearly.
latsonrille's Mystery.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Feb. B.— The in
quest on the body of Night Watchman
Alford, who was killed on Friday night,
was not concluded to-day. It was shown
tnat the pistol had been held close to his
head, as powder marks were found on his
hat. It is generally believed that Alford
was murdered. "Jack" Bodie, who had
quarreled with him, has not been arrested,
as it is proved that he was not in town at
the time of the killing. The inquest will
be continued to-morrow.
Voir, nt Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. B. —Russell
Ward of this city has received a telegram
from Tobin, the crack polo player, giving
positive information that the Burlin
game team will be here on February 27 to
compete with the Simi Valley and local
teams for the championship of Southern
California, The grounds in the southern
suburbs of the city are already receiving
careful attention and are being put into
the very best of condition.
lhe Tamalpais' Narrate Escape.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 8.-A large
four-masted vessel lying off Sausalito
dragged its anchor yesterday afternoon
and drifted with the tile almost on
the North Pacific Coast Railroad's ferry
boat Tamalpais, which lies in Richard
sons Bay. The boats wore separated be
fore any damage was done.
"BEW TO-DAT.' V
ifisa
ll io H ,
-JiIBESSJNS
THOUGHT
To learn from medical statistics that
seven-tenths of the womankind of this
vast country are suffering : r om some lin-
gering ailment, and in most case-, that
ailment is peculiar to her sex With that
fortitude which only true womankind pos-
sesses she uncomplaining suffers on a_.v
after day— year after year— "a,
false hope that nature will some time rem-
edy her trouble and restore her health.
With great love for beauty which every
woman desires, she, with paints, powders
and lotions, tries in vain to cover up tho
lines and effects which the cruel work of
disease haa wrought in her once b-autiful
face. There is but one foundation for
beauty, and that is health. Health pro-
duces a mind teeming with wit, the bright,
sparkling eye, tbe rosy cheek. With
health the whole world is a world of sun-
shine. With disease it is a dark, gloomy,
prison-like abode. Then why suffer from
the many diseases of women ?
Thu Electro-Medical treatment given at
the Institute has an immediate and direct
effect upon the organs it is designed to
purify and strengthen.
ITS
ELECTRIC
ENERGY
EVERLASTINGLY
ERADICATES.
It produces a permanent increase of vital
activity in the system, and by its electric
energy excites the parts to more vigorous
exertion, thus giving them the power to
throw off and everlastingly eradicate . dis-
ease.
The treatment is a combination of med-
icine and electricity, applied with either
Galvanic, Faradic or Static batteries, or by
means of electric belts, body batteries or
other electric appliances. It is just as good
for men as women. Hundreds of cures
already attest its power. No treatment
has proved so effective in restoring the .
vigor of youth.
Xniy EXAMINATIONS. If you
*■_.*__ i are Blc '£ or ailing, if you
want to know what is the matter witn you,
and if you want to be cured, you should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti-
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases of
the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Dis-
eases, Rheumatism. Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Dis-
eases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the
Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases and ail Diseases of Men and
Women. . _' ■; - ; \ *r
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CUKE TOP. ALL DISEASES.
Located at the Co-ncr of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cat.
w
o_ft__L_HA&\
A_P?*
l_j__j_-y Jaf m mm^ j7_l" V****** - ' f -V "•** "*i _r
ißßi*-..
JS___ JF®r
* Sfs_iS_^_!v^ Mt\£*
Valentines!
COMICS, "Latest Hits" • SO for Bo
Entlrel .■ New Line of Artistic Designs in plain
cards from 3 fop 5c to SOc each A
Lace Valentines with envelopes from.: - '_£
_ for Bo to _5c each 1
Fancy Satin and Celluloid Novelties ln boxes
trom ioo to 81. 50 each
SHEET riUSIC r c £
4000 TITLES J(J fcach
ALL NEW MDPOPULAII PIECES
At 33l per Cent Discount From
Publishers' Prices.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
MASKS AND MASQUERADE SUPPLIES
AT LOWEST PRICES.
VIS I_IA.ie,*KE3T STREET. .
MJI?S- ML HALL'S RELTYIGOiiATOR
fogs *H_B _■_.. ° hundred reward ior»_rcu._,
WBa IBS cannot car THIS SECKET HE*! ;
■_____■ n_J ZsTjf i 10 ?' . all ,08Se « l ° 2* hoar,.
HH Kll cures ,? ml » sl °ns. Impotency, Varied
[Ml 7l»m . *■ 'i. QO ": rnrjB *- Gleet, i'it* Btrto.
■Mi tHr t ir es - BlooJ Disease and all vr__._ins
PJk«ls« effects of -elf* Abase or Kicessei
B *"*' "•'■'ttled. $_. per bottle. THa_._l
mg * %?■_, * '. _naranteed to cure any CMa
DX. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE
an „ - J * t »'i Broadway, Oakland. _;__ -
«r_-b____ all * , *** e, **•-*-* cured. fc_ a a foe
~DR.MCNULTf
T^_ 8 > V ,EL*L KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OLI. *1
J- Specu-llsj .cures Private.Nervous.BlocKi and Sltln
Diseases of Me., o.^y. Manly Power restored. Over I
& years' experience. Send for Book, free Patient* .
ff."Hif* Terms reasonable. Hoursfg £5 k
dally;6:3o toB._o«V'_rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. C,.n_._lta- 1
Oon free and sacredly confidential. Call or _Jd___i__. * I
P. roscoe Wear _\ M. __> 1
WK^nriMr wt *>_ _ »V_, ,.|, „ ( Cb , # '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
rite Palace Hotel, felephone 570. K^.ldenM IP_3O1 P _30
i Fell street. Telepboae « Pine » 5_59_» enco ltf3 °CARSONITES HAVE
WON THE FIGHT
Report That Stuart Has
Fixed Upon a Battle-
Ground.
Rejoicing in Nevada's Capita!
Over the News of the
Victory.
.Champion Corb.tt Stops at Denver
Wine on His Way to San
Francisco.
CARSON, Nev.. Feb. B.— Nevada's capi
tal is rejoicing to-night over a report that
: it has been selected as the site for the
Corbett-Fitzsimmons battle-ground. A
- story that has been circulated throughout
the city is to the effect that a person close
to Dan Stuart announced to-day that im
mediately upon the manager's arrival he
would make public his final decision in
favor of Carson.
About 100 people gathered at the depot
this morning expecting Dan Stuart to ar
rive. Tbey waited in vain. Stuart is still
a-coming, and there is no positive assur
* ance that he will be on hand for several
.days yet. He is taking bis time about it,
and while be may loom up as large as life
.to-morrow morning he may not be here
before Sunday. He is not a man who runs
!a brass band ahead ci him when he trav
els.
Carbett telegraphed to his agent, Cooke,
that he would train only at a spot of the
same altitude as that where be will fight.
Cooke was about town getting altitudes.
Despite the report that tbis city had been
fi?ed upon by Stuart, Cooke don't know
.• yet whether he is measuring for Carson or
for Reno and i*« somewhat at sea. He
will be ready in a few days with a table of
■ altitudes that will fit either place. He re
turned from his trip to Bowers' Mansion
in Washoe County this morning and said
he did not believe it would do for a train
. ing-place; so if the fight is to take place
in Carson he don't know just what he will
■ do. Fitzsimmons has already hied upon
Carson Hot Springs. Cooke fights shy of
Steamboat Springs, as it is not sufficiently
' exclusive and is liable to be overrun with
visitors.
Joseph Grismer, the actor, writes to a
friend in Carson tbat he is glad to see a
••• law passed regulating the sport, and hopes
to be at the ria .side when time is called
on the champions. A number of theatri
cal people have telegraphed for dates for
the Carson Opera-bouse, and are intend
ing to bring tbeir companies into Nevada
about the time of the meeting.
Livingston to-day received an order
from Woodland, Cal., for twenty reserved
. .seats.
• W. K. Wheeiock, Dan Stuart's agent,
while speaking of the attitude of the New
York press on the Nevada glove contest
• law, said to-day: "The stand taken by
■ the people of sainted Gotham on prize
fights is worse than ridiculous. The place
recently alluded to in Congress as the
.Manhattan reservation is the greatest
. .cesspool of vice in America. If they
■ would pause in tbeir career of iniquity
and vice long enough to attend a few
genuine prizefights it would take their
' attention away from the teeming licen
* tiousness of their lives and renovate their
■ morals.
• "Look at the Seeley dinner episode!
Nothing as scandalous could ever happen
in any of the Western States. A young
' society man gets married and he and his
friends celebrate the most sacred compact
in life by gazing at the disgusting pirou
etting of a woman on their dinner-table.
No wonder the police broke in. Did you
ever hear of a dinner being given in Ne
vada that the police had to interrupt? I
guess not. But, let me tell you, this was
. only a mild incident. At some of those
dinners given by the swells of Gotham,
who hold up their hands at prizefights,
there are scenes that no gentleman would
. describe in a Western barroom."
To-night Wheelock lef: for Reno osten
sibly to meet Dan Stuart, who is due to
_ arrive in Reno this evening.
CORBETT REACHES DENVER.
The Champion Tells What He Expects
to l>o to Mr. Fitz.immons.
. DENVER, Colo., Feb. B.— A large crowd
gathered at Union station this afternoon
to greet James J. Corbett, whose arrival
bad been well advertised. With consid
erable difficulty Corbett's party made its
'way through the crowd, and entering car
riages was driven to the Brown Palace
Hotel. After luncheon the champion,
accompanied by nis wife, was driven to
the residence of Bat Masterson, with
whom he discussed at some length the
preliminary arrangements for his light
with Fitzsimmons. To a reporter Corbett
talked freely.
"I suppose you want to know how I
feel," said he. "Well, I never felt better
my life and never more confident of
winning a fight. I shall always believe I
can whip Bob Fitzsimmons until Bob
Fitz.immons shows me I cannot. I have
. been training for the past six weeks, all
indoors, and what I need now is good out
door work. My trainer will insist upon
ray taking regular runs and walks every
day, and I will not be backward in obey
ine his instructions.
"Where will I train? Well, It has not
been fully decided, for we don't know yet
where the battle will take place. Of course,
I will train in Nevada and as near as DOS'
sible to the scene of the tight.
"I don't know any more about that
story of Bob tearing up the articles of
•agreement than you do. All I know
about it is what I have seen in the news
papers. 1 know that all my affairs and
ray end of tbe agreement were fixed up
and signed before I left New York, and I
. know Brady would not jet me go this far
if the articles were not in perfect shape.
All Fitzsimmons has got to do is to saw
wood and shut up. He can't get me into
any dispute this time that might end in
the fight being declared off. It is too late
in the day.
"I propose to fight him this time simply
to do away with the report that I am try
ije to dodge him, if for no other reason.
Whether I will win or he will is a question
which can be decided only by luture
events, but if confidence will help me to
win there is no doubt that 'Lanky Bob'
.will be groveling in the dust alter 17th of
March."
Corbett left late this afternoon for Salt
kake, where a sparring exhibition will be
_. lv en, after which he will proceed direct
'to ban Francisc...
"TO RKGULa _/_* PUGILISM.
Bill Introduced in the California Legis
lature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Fob. Dennery
this morning introduced a bill prohibit
ing prize-fighting, challenging to a prize
fight or taking part therein in any way as
principal, second, stakeholder, referee,
timekeeper or spectator. The punishment
is filed at a fine of $5000 and imprison
ment. Duly incorporated athletic clubs
may, however, have prizefights in their
halls with gloves not less then five ounces
in weight and for any number of rounds
not exceeding twenty. It is also pro
vided that both contestants shall be ex-
amined by a physician immediately prior
to their stepping into the ring, and a cer
tificate shall be given by him tbat the
men are in a fit physical condition for the
contest.
HALL SLAPS SLATIN.
To Pay for the Insult He Ie Floored
Hith «» Chair.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. EWorld
special from Quebec says: Slavin and
Hall are "deed broke. and in low spirits,
as they want to go to Carson and bave no
money to reach there. Local sports have
raised a fund of $500, provided they can
elude the authorities and fight for it. Tbe
winner is to get $300 and the loser $200.
On Sunday, when Slavin was eating his
dinner, Hall, wbo was drunk, and a
farmer who was in the same condition,
entered the dining-room. Hall and his
backwoods friend made merry at Slavin's
expense, and Hall slapped Slavin on the
face. Slavin immediately knocked Hall
down with a chair, and when the crowd
removed Hall and the farmer he resumed
his dinner.
Yesterday, when asked for their opin
ions on the coming fight, Hall said: "The
fight should be the best seen in years.
Corbett is the fastest and cleverest big
man of the century. Fitzsimmons is one
of the greatest fighters in his class who
ever lived; but in this case he is going
out of his class and will, I think, lose. I
believe the fight will last from twelve to
eighteen rounds."
Slavin, when asked about tbe fight,
said: "Fitzsimmons, in my mind, will
win the fight, no matter whether the fin
ish comes in the first round or the
twentieth."
STANFORD'S BASEBALL COACH.
Lange, the Chicago Center-Fielder, Arrives
to Take Charge of the Varsity
Nine.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
B.— Coach W. A. Lange, tbe well-known
center-fielder of the Chicago nine, arrived
this afternoon. After coaching tne Stan
ford baseball team three weeks last year he
developed a winning nine. He will coach
the team about six weeks this year.
Lange spent the alteruoon looking over
the diamond add meeting the old and new
Daseball candidates. He anticipates a
very pleasant time while instructing his
men. During his stay he will stop at
Laurel Hall.
The big coach does not appear at all
worried by the fact that he must devslop
a pitcher to .take William McLaine's place.
He has seven men to choo-e from —
Thompson '97, Beckett '00, Lannigau '00,
Clemens '99, Plate '99, Lawton '00, and
Boyd '00. From these he hopes to get a
goo'i twirler.
Besides the pitcher be must find Varsity
j men for the positions left vacant by Har
j ris, 99, who played a strong game at sec
! ond base; Taylor '99. a clever shortstop,
j and Stansberry '93, who played left field.
j Claire Strohn 'GO, is the likeliest candidate
for second base, although be is also an
excellent catcher and first ba-e man.
I Longhead, '00, is a promising candidate
I for shortstop. Several other freshmen
I are in the field for different positions,
! some of whom give indication of consid
: erable baseball talent.
RIVERSIDE POLO CONTEST.
Southern Champions Preparing for the
Coming Tournament.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. B.— The River
side Polo Club is making great prepara
tions for the entertainment of its guests
upon the occasion of the great polo toura
ment to be held here on February 22.
It is expected that the tournament will
prove to be the most interesting sporting
event ever held in Southern California.
The Riversides are the acknowledged
champions of tbe sonth, having defeated
the team of the Southern California Polo
Club of Santa Monica, at Santa Barbara,
at Los Angeles, at Riverside and several
times at Santa Monica, without suffering
a single defeat in return. In 1895 it won
the Burl:ngam<*-R.verside Walla Walla
tournament at Burlingam", defeating the
Burligame team in the final game. Last
year the latter team turned the tables
and the Riversides suffered their first
defeat.
The match will be played on the new
grounds or the Riverside Club. The
polo ground is now being put into the
most perfect condition, and this will in
sure a fast and brilliant game. Around the
ground is a racetrack, which will be the
scene of contests between the crack ponies
of the two clubs. The clubhouse now in
course of construction will be completed
in time for the tournament.
A2HLETIC CLUB VICTORY.
A Mayor Restrained Irom Interfering
With Its Exhibitions.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. B—By Justice
Gaynir's decision, handed down in the
Supreme Court, Brooklyn, to-day, the
Greater New York Athletic Club of Coney
Island secured a permanent injunction
restraining Mayor Wurster from interfer
ing with the exhibitions of the club at
Coney Island.
The Justice, holds, in conformity with
the decision of the Seaside Athletic Club
against' Mayor Sherin, that the Mayor
has authority to issue the license and that
information of the violation of the law
must come from. the police.
In this case, on police information that
the law had been violated, the Mayor re
voked the license, and the club asked foi
the permanent injunction granted by to
day's decision. The Justice holds tbat
the polic» captain should have made ar
rests for whatever violation be observed.
SIX-DAT BICYCLE RACE.
The Starter* and How the Score Stood at
Midnight.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. B.— At 1 o'clock
this afternoon the six-day bicycle race be
gan. The track, twelve laps to a mile, is
in good condition. Ail the expected con
testants except Harry Maddox of Asbury
Park met in place at the start.
The list of starters is as follows: Louis
Gibb, Cleveland; Fred Foster. Germany;
Frank Waller, Germany; George Van Em
burgh, Arlington, N. J. ; Albert Schock,
New York; Charles Ruckels, Alleghany;
George Dench, Pittsburg; Andrew John
son, Long Island; Louis Hall, Philadel
phia; Clement Turville. Philadelphia.
The score at 12 o'clock to-night was:
Waller 202 miles, Gimm 201 miles 10 laps,
Johnson 195 miles 6 laps, Denile 187 miles,
Turville 176 miles 3 laps, Scbock 188 miles
10 laps, Forster 166 miles 7 laps. Hall 182
miles 2 laps, lluckell 16. miles 4 laps.
•Toe Ueddard Defeat* Miek-y Dunler/.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. B.— A dispatch
from Johannesburg, South Africa, , says
that Joe Goddard oi Australia defeated
Mick Dooley Sunday night in a prize
fight. It took only two rounds for the
Australian to win.
Palmer to Fight Dixon.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. B.— Pedlar Palmer
has accepted a challenge to light George
Dixon, the colored American pugilist.
Bkkcham's PILLS cure Sick Headache.
THE SAN FRA-N CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
AT THE LOCAL
PLAYHOUSES
James Well Received in
Heavy Tragedy at the
Baldwin.
Cbimmie Fadden Scores a De
cided Hit at the Colum
bia.
Bertha Fo.iz's God Work at the
A caz.r — Loral Vo mist at
the Orph urn-
Louis James opened his season at the
Baldwin last night in "Spartacus," a
standard old-time play which be has re
vived for tragic and romantic purposes.
It requires considerable courage for an
end of the century actor to revive one of
those heavy declamatory dramas that
flourished in the days when people took
their theater-going more seriously than
they do in the year of grace 1897. when
Roman politics exercised a greater fas
cination for tbe general public than they
do in this era of McKinleyism.
James, however, has a strong personal
popularity to back him, and most of the
large audience went to pee the actor. A
few seasoned first-nighters who remem
bered McCuilough in the title role went
to see "Spartacus."
To the delight of the moderns Louis
James did not cant and rave. He entered
with force and passion into the woes and
wrath of the famous Thracian gladiator,
but be never tore his passion to tatters.
"Spartacus," even at this late date,
has some scenes which are calculated
to thrill the audience, the greatest of
all being the great arena scene, where
tbe Thracian captain reluctantly con
sents to fight one of his countrymen
on condition that he and his family
shall be freed. The man with whom
he is confronted is Pharsarius, his own ]
brother, and Spartacus is about to refuse
to butcher him "to make a Roman holi
day," when Pharsarius whispers that -the
gladiators are without, awaiting his signal
to revolt. Then comes the cry of free
dom, the rush of the gladiators and the
subjugation of the holiday-making Ro
mans.
This tragic scene was very realistically
acted by James, who looked a splendid
specimen of humanity in his gladiatorial
costume. Guy Lindsley, as his brother,
also did excellent worn. From beginning
to end of "Spartacus" tbe real burden of
the play rested on James* shoulders.
He bore it all through with spirit and
skill, till, having lost wife, child and
brother, the rebellious gladiator throws
himself and his little band of men on the
Roman army and is killed in the tent of
the pr_etor.
At the end of the arena scene James
waa called again and again before the
I curtain and was finally prevailed upon to
mage a speech, in which he expressed
great gratification at the warm reception
granted his effort at reviving a romantic
play.
Among the supporting company Dr.
William Sprague of this City was one of
the star's best henchmen. j He took the
part of one of tbe impresarios, so to speak,
who supplied the Roman arena with glad
iators, and he played the role excellently.
Of the feminine members of the cast
Miss Florence Everett acted nicely as
Sonona. and Miss Alma Kruger was fairly
effective as Julia.
Several of the scenes were fairly staged,
particularly the arena scene. If the
supers would take tbe trouble to act a
little the effectiveness would be much in
creased.
At ths Alcazar.
The Alcazar was crowded last night to wit
ness the first production of William Gillette's
merry little comedy "The Professor." The
company excelled itself in the clever work it
did. The people are well cast, and the per
formance ranks among tbe good ones given at
this house.
J. B. Folk as the "meek and mild" professor
causes peals of laughter. Mr. Powers again
proved his ability, and John Armstrong as
Old Brown succeeds ln making himself thor
oughly disliked, which, for a stage villain, is
no small success. Messrs. Foster, Belasco and
Clayton do effective work.
Miss Bertha Foltz as Daisy Brown, a child of
the woods, a part that thoroughly suits her,
does some clever work; and altogether the
production is an excelleut oue.
The Grand Opera.
"A Mile a Minute" is sensational enough for
any gallery, and it bids fair to have a good run
at the Grand, judging from its reception last
night.
All the favorites were in the cast, and they
did the best they could with the material of
fered. Julia Blanc's impersonation of Tiliie
Jacobs, a Jewish hag, showed her to be a
clever character actress. Miss Lorena Atwood,
Miss Lottie Williams and Edward J. Heron did
their work with great spirit.
There were several specialties introduced,
which added materially to the piece.
Columbia Theater.
For any one suffering from the blues "Chim
ipie Fadden" may be recommended as a sov
ereign cure. It is not one of those great
comedies for which managers and public scan
tbe horizon in vain; indeed it is a play with
scarcely any plot to speak of, but "Ctoimrate
Fadden" may be relied on to extract laughter
from the most hardened pessimist Last night
the audience, which filled all the boxes and
seats at the Columbia and camped on stools in
the aisles, greeted the play with an almost
constant flow of mirth.
To the casual reader of Townsend's novel
there does not seem to be much promising
material for the dramatist in Chimmie'* ad
ventures, but it is in the odd conglomeration
of character studies that the strength of the
play lies. The incidents which befall these
characters have been strung into some sort of
coherence, and dialogue which for the most
part is effective has been put into their
mouths; the actors do the rest, and most of
them are quite equal to the occasion when it
is a mirth-provoking one.
The burglary scene is a bit of melodrama
interpolated in the lighter fabric of the rest of
the play, but it serves its purpose in leading
up to the police investigation of the last act,
which ls the best bit of comedy in the whole
play.
Charles Hopper in his time, which is most of
the evening, plays many parts, although he is
always Chimmie Fadden. At one time Chim
mie is mirthful, at another pensive; now he is
arrogant to "cops," now tenderly sentimental
ln his relations with the Duchess, Miss Fan
nies French maid; ln fact. Hopper has to oe a
melodramatic hero, a tough, a sentimentalist
and a wag all rolled into one. Considering
the demands made upon him, he showed a
great deal of versatility. His Chimmie was a
sor' of expurgated edition of the Bowery
tough, thoroughly funny without being vul
gar. He sang several songs in a tenor voice
that was very pleasant to listen to, even 11 it
was a little throaty.
A little character study that delighted the
audience was Mrs. Marie Bates' rendering of
the bibulous Mrs. Murphy. If Mrs. Bates had
done nothing but walk across the stage her
make-up and her carriage would have made
an Instant bit. To see her was to recognize
immediately that sbe was the sort of Indi
vidual who would fiercely resent being called
anything but a "lady." -Dirty, draggled,
wretched looking to the last degree, she bore
herself with the proud consciousness of
superior dignity, and the richest bit of acting
In the play was the scene where the detective
ordered her to leave the room and Mrs. Mur
phy, more in pantomime than by word of
mouth, gave the detective to understand that
be was no gentleman.
Mrs. Fanny Den ham Rouse, as Mrs. Fadden,
was another actress who did clever character
work and aroused many laughs. The part ol
Mr. Paul Small Bottles, who drowned his love
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
sorrows In bumpers of "extra dry," was played .
by George Nash. There were moments when
it almost seemed as if Nat C. Goodwin, grown
to larger and more florid proportions, were
playing Mr. Paul, so thoroughly did Nash imi
tate the Goodwin style, imitations are gen
erally objectionable, but Nash Imitates so
cleverly teat his Mr. Paul was one of the hits
of the play.
Most of the minor characters were well acted.
Miss Beth Franklyn was effective as the
Duchess, but she would have been more pleas
ing had she been more distinct in her utter
ance. Sydney Price was imposing as "His
■Whiskers. Barney Reynolds contributed to
the general hilarity as the bibulous butler.
"Chimmie Fadden" is not by any means a
great play, but it can be safely recommended
to those who want to laugh. - »
Madeline Elchbaum'a Funeral.
The funeral of Madeline Eichbaum, grand
daughter of Mr, Eichbaum, junior warden of
St. John's Church and president of the San
Francisco Gaslight Company, took place yes
terday from the chapel of Holy Innocents in St.
John's Parish. The pallbearers were mem
, bers of St. Mark's Society, Messrs. Cathcart.
Warren, Kent, Gale. Sankey and Van Eich
baum, who walked on either side of the hearse,
The funeral cortege was met at the entrance
of the chapel by Revs. E. B. Church. S. J. Lee
and H. B. Collier, priest in charge. As the
funeral march, played by the talented organist
Mrs. Walby, died away the choral procession
came up the aisle and the white casket, liter
ally covered with flowers, was placed on the
rests and the sublime Episcopal service for the
dead was read. One floral piece was presented
by the Bible class ol the Sunday-school of
which the deceased was a member. The final
obsequies were performed at Dress Lawn
Cemetery. I
At tke Orpheum.
The Orpheum has . a local debutante this
week in the person of Miss Nina de St. Hubert,
a young violinist who plays the obligato to
Guiile's rendering of the "Aye Maria." Peo
ple familiar with the woYk will remember that
there is a long Drelude for the violin with ar
peggio accompaniment before the voice be- ,
gin . I
On Sunday the audience, in spite of the
debutante's pretty appearance and playing,
seemed unable to refrain from laughing at
litt.e Guiile as he stood mute on the platform.
Last night the prelude was omitted. All
went well, Miss St. Hubert making quite a hit.
Guiile, ln addition to the "Aye Maria," sang
an aria by Verdi.
A new act that took well was that performed
by Ara, Zelra ana Vora, clever acrobats, who
perform some remarkable balancing feats.
One of the feminine members of the troupe
balances herself on a table covered with
lighted lamps.
John and Bertha Gleason, two other new
comers, made quite a hit with their dancing,
though their singing was not of much account.
This is the last week of the ballet...
Trebelli Concert?
Slgmund Becl will make his last appearance
as concert-master of the Symphony Society at
the Trebelli concert at the California Theater
to-night.
The programme is as follows:
Prelude, "Hansel and Gretel*' (Humper
dink); cavatina from "Seniiramide." ''Bel
Raggio" (Rossini), Mile. Trebelli; "Suite Arle
sienne" (Bizet); prelude, (6) Mlnuette, (c)
Adagietto, id) Carillon; song, with flute
obligato, "Lv! Hear the Gentle Lark
(Bishop), Mile. Trebelli. In honor of the
one hundredth anniversary of Schu
bert's birthday, born January 31, 1797:
(a) Entr'act de "Rosamund," (b) Moment musi
caie (-Schubert); air de Salome, from "Herodi
ade," II est doux, il est bon (Massenet), Mile.
Trebelli; Dange Macabre (Saint-S-.ens);
Solvelg's song, from Ibsen's "Peer Gym*.
(Grieg) Mile Irebelll; ballet music from
"Lakme" (DelibesO
At the Chutes.
The Chutes are now running regularly every
afternoon and evening, and at night a special
performance is given on the new stage at the
foot ot the lake- The Hagihara troupe of Jap
ant acrobats are the principal attraction, in
conjunction with Oidway, the trick bicycle
rider, and the nnimatoscope. The skating
rink is open always, rain or shine.
At the Tivoli.
"Aladdin" is still drawing large audiences
at tie Tivoli. Among the many attractive fea
tures, the electric ballet is one of the most
popular. ..- ."_-...'
J. J. Gottlob of the Columbia Theater leaves
to-night for New Orleans to conclude arrange
ments for the appearance at the California
Theater of the French Opera Company.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE
Mrs A Carter, Cal , 8 _v mm ings. San Jose
X Casper, Vallejo .- T heur.-is A w. Park Cy
J l vers _: w, Park City W B Farley, Santa Rosa
It Barcar, Vacaville E S Beil, Napa
B C Walralh. Nevada Cy J W Scott, Virginia City
x. B Dana, N V J Brggs & w, Stockton
S Carson, R V Wo Wheelock, Cfilcato
Mr. X X 11111. Walnut Ck J D Hill * w. Walnut Ck
W B Humbert * -w. Or OH Wilbur, Boston
V R Wehe, Downieville C A Hill, Downlevlllle
W J Cram. Chicago <; Masterson, Man Bruno
B Tnnulons, Cal Miss a Walker, Cal
E O Miller, Visalia E 1 -vi-r Eureka
N Bullock. . ureka J Beanie, Natoma
It B Saffold. Trubody E S Kinney, Idaho
W L Sit-in. Budley >: D Goodrich, N V
E w a Uer.. Chicago J B . tklnson * w, Cal
J Elder. Cal J Beillv, Cal
C W 8.-rr San Jose H J Levelling. Cal „.".
Mrs V H Busby. Cal W E McConnell, 8 Rosa
GRAND HOTEL
H E McKlnne* , _-. Cruz R Westoby. Benicia
Miss E Kelso, Denver "Mrs Hayes, Sonoma Co
Miss X Tunning, N V Mia Browylug, __, Jose
J E Miles, Minnesota G C Hyatt, Stockton
J H Ha. &W. S V (J W 8 later *w, Illinois
D J F.anigAu, Eureka J C T,ce, stoikton
J Harpst & w, Areata C H Schivcev, Oroville !
D W Hall. Chicago C L Bill;, Oroville
J Arthur. Spokane V F Gardner. a -to
L Elliott. NY O W Morgan, Cal
L Duter i«, Mexico A Lsr.ort, Pittsburg
W F Knox, Sacio E Thompson, Bangor
J F Boyd. Bangor Miss ..dams, San Diego
Miss 1. Edams. H Diego O W 'ashman, Colusa
H R Stephens Exeter C J Selwyn. Idaho
R B Oultban, Stockton Al' i_.oni.rd <t w.s Bend
D \' Stern, Pomona Mrs W X .Miller. Cal
F M .Yannlon. Los Ang J -. Morgan &c, Cal
M ri M « Hussey, Cal W H .son & w, Cal
W H skinner. Be rkeley T M King. Sonoma
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Edwin SlaJe, Alcatraz A Jewell Aw, Mich
C A Black, Mich Mm McDonald, Mich
J Ewing. Mich C J Erlckson, Mt Vicer
F C Mccade, Cal J Bait .11. Cal
M Jasauman, Cal M Koautler, Cal
T H Morse, Cal J Miller, ial
M vvoolf, Cal M Williams. Cal
C Cumlskey, Cai M Miller, i ! .1
R L Pomeroy, Boston O Lensctllkel <fe w, N V
B T Tilton, Boston V A Sinclair, Albany
J J Tobin, Albany J Rattan, Montana
Ed An lers, UM , J J Dunn. Cal
H Wolff, cal .- _-r . it White, Angel Island
F Roosbach, Cuba J A Mar. Cat
D E Bill A vv, « hlcago A fhub.it. Chicago
D Jones, St Paul
PALACE HOTEL.
Capt Couch, Montana F T Sutherland, Cal
ACCburchlll<__w,Boston E ______ Beddin;
N X Blgeiow, N V Harry Orotage. N V .
A M Kaidel. *w, N V T E Baker, Butte
C W Tnomp.on, VV T NO Smith, san Carlo
Oeo Brunner. Cal J C Deane, Tacoma
J H Carothers. NY WD Richardson. 11l
H B Walt. Cal W N Cla.gart. St Louts
RTRoot.wAson.StLocis O B Somtrwi 11, Denver
W B Peck, NY C A Baldwin <fe w, Cal
E Oppenhelmer, Phil » Rope hi Id. Cal
J"K Kellogg. Chicago Mrs C Nudendofer. Mont
E Potting, nut ip, Mont
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C H Hopper. NY C T Bulklv, N V
J Snmmerfleld, Chicago Mrs M Bat's, N V*
J Brady <fe w, Chicago T Hellinou:h,w, Callahan
H L Ollkey, Duluth D .1 Sulllva n it w. Fowler
H C Churchill. Boston J Sttneman Aw, Winono
T W Wells, Sonora T Euzensperger, sonora
J P Smith, Auburn I J Spencer, Lansing
X tsp-iicer & w.Portland E Garson, San Jose
J F Hanson, Han Jose Mrs S smith. Sau Jose
Mrs l Lyons, san Jose T S Milton Jr, sau.su ito
F P Bonne, Sausalito C F Bally, Sausalito
Young Ladies' Institute Branch 1."
' The following named have been installed as
officers of Branch No. 1 of the Young Ladies'
Institute, by Miss A. Powers, district deputy
grand president, assisted by Miss Katie Degan
as grand marshal: Miss Kate Fitzpatrick, past
president; Miss Katie Driscoll, president; Miss
M. E. Grote, first vice-preside ut; Miss Susie
KgHn. second vice-president; Miss Mary
Curley, marshal; ' Miss M. Monahan, recording
secretary; Mi«s M. Degan, financial secretary;
MissK. O'Mara. treasurer; Mis. M. Driscoll!
inside sentinel; Miss M. Murray, outside sen
tinel; Miss L. Dwyer, organist; trustees— Miss
Lizzie Terry (chairman), Miss P. A. Grote, Miss
Annie K. Nyhan, Mrs. i). Sullivan and Mrs. A.
Grennan.
Lincoln Council's Celebration.
The members of Lincoln Council No. 2, of
the Junior Order of United American
Mechanics, will observe the anniversary of th*
birth of Abraham Lincoln by an entertain
ment in B'nai B'rith Hall on next Friday
even
School Department Finances.
The financial statement of the Board of Edu
cation for the month of January shows that
there is a deficiency in excess of the one
twelfth act of $30,691 13. There are these
sums to the credit side: Rents $125, school
census $2000, ' printing and advert! .ng
$290 23. The items that make up the total
f (resent debit side of the account are as fol
ows: Salary account $8471 21, buildings and
grounds $14,005 55, supplies $2347 09, gen
eral expenses $8282 60.
CHURCHES TURNED
INTO PLAYHOUSES
Evangelist Munhall Scores
Modern Sensation
alism.
Dr. Beard Tells What Moderate
Socialists Are Doing in
London.
Rev. W. Tubb Upbraids Congregational
Pastors With Their Ignorance
of History.
More in a spirit of pity than of wrath,
Evangelist Munhall talked of modern ag
nosticism and atheism at the Presbyterian
Ministerial Association yesterday, and
dealt modern unbelievers hard blows.
lie opened his remarks by quoting the
Scotch divine who said that to-day misses
I who are not sure of the multiplication ta
ble are sure they are unbelievers, and
youths yet in tbeir teens call themselves
agnostics, when they cannot describe the
word, nor even spell it. The evangelist
described the brilliant skeptics of the last
century, particularly Voltaire and Lord
Bolinsbroke, and said that the hopeful
sign of the decadence of unbelief lies in
comparing their brilliancy with the infe
riority of modern skeptics.
Alluding to sensationalism, tbe speaker
strongly disapproved of the action of some
men who "in their desire to fill their
churches have turned them into play
houses, no matter whether for Shakes
peare or for scriptual drama, such as the
Ten Virgins. It has always been my
experience that the results of sensational
ism are disastrous." The speaker said be
upheld divinely appointed means for the
propagation of the gospel, and said that
for his part he was an old fogey, if to
believe in the Bible, in theology and in
creeds meant being an old fogey. "I
believe that a man who has not in his
heart a clear-cut conviction. that the Bible
is the work of God, will never do much
good in the pulpit," and this sentiment
was heartily applauded by the ministers
present.
When in England and Scotland last year
Rev. Dr. Beard made a special study of
the various charitable organizations, and
yesterday be read a paper on "London
Charities" at the Methodist preachers'
meeting. The doctor stated that the an
nual income of London charities is $27,
--000,000, but that this is much less than the
amount actually expended in charity, as
many charitable organizations make no
public report at all. The amount of Gov
ernment and municipal help afforded to
dependent classes is almost appalling to
an American, and tbe large amounts
given in private charity have resulted in a
serious sentimental and legal Invasion of
the privileges of the upper clashes.
Dr. Beard concluded by describing some
of the work achieved by the London
County Council, which he said was a body
| of wealthy men said to be moderate so-
I cialists, using the privileges accorded to
i them by the law in dealing with some of
tbe problems of poverty by means of im
proved housing conditions.
The meeting appointed Dr. Dille, Dr.
Case and Dr. Bovard a committee to draft
I a proposed constitutional amendment
with regard to educational institutions
j being exempt from taxation.
Rev. James Small addressed the Chris
tian pastors on the subject of revivals, in
the beneficent results of which he ex
pressed an abiding belief. He paid a
high tribute to the mental ana moral
worth of Evangelist Munhall, and added:
"I think Professor Jordan's fling was
wholly uncalled for, though it is my opin
ion that he ii in favor of legitimate revi
vals. It was a mistake to bring personal
ities into the discussion. Professor Jor
dan's change of views, if he ever had a
change, have no place in the controversy,
and are only calculated to injure his
standing with orthodox Christians. The
question ought to be discussed on its mer
its. Professor Jordan had a magnificent
standing in the Christian College in Indi
ana, where he was an instructor."
The Congregational Ministers' Club met
for the fir.-*t time in its new quarters in the
Y. M. C. A. building yesterday morning,
and to Rev. Dr. G. Adams of the First
Church fell the pleasure of reading the
first paper in the new rooms'. His subject
was "William, Prince of Orange." He
followed the champion of Protestantism
through all his trials and victories to his
death.
A number of pastors discussed the paper.
When the turn of Rev. William Tubbcame
to speak he said that he regretted to find
such a deplorable lack of historical knowl
edge among the pastors present. "Many
of them," he said, '"confound historical
characters. They seem to have no clear
idea of history, and get mixed up in the
historical personages. If the theological
colleges do not turn out better informed
ministers in the future than they have in
the past, I think it would be advisable to
j refer the graduates back to the public
I schools." ______________^____
KRIEGERS AT BANQUET.
Germans Love America While
Kindly Remembering the
Fatherland.
The fourth anniversary of the Deutschen
Krieger Verein was celebrated by a ban
quet at the Turn Vereiu Vorwaerts' hall
last night.
There were a numberof honorary quests
and the festivities were continued until
NEW TO-DAT.
BRAINY QUESTS.
Frequently Hate Trouble With What
Is Found on Fashionable Tables.
Ii has been discovered by some of the
society ladies in some of tbe lai ger cities
that a number of the most esteemed guests
at their "functions" are more or less dis-
agreeably affected by coffee, tbis fact be-
ing particularly observable among the
brillant and brainy ones. To meet the
want of coffee fanciers with whom the
subtle beverage does not agree, Postum,
the health coffee, has been quite largely
introduced in fashionable quarters. This
is a sinsularly appetizing drink made
from cereals (wheat, etc.), by the Postum
Cereal Company, Limited, Battle Creek,
Mich., which incidentally looks and smells
like fine coffee, but instead of producing
the unpleasant disturbances with the di-
gestive organs, as coffee does in number-
less cases, it agrees perfectly with the
weakest stomach and is nourishing and
fattening, being made wholly from pure
grains. It can be served strong as an after
dinner coffee with perfect success as to
looks, taste and effect upon the guests.
A reliable grocer will never offer a cbeap
or weak imitation of a genuine original
article because he happens to make a little
extra profit. But it is well to observe th«.
when genuine Postum cereal coffee is or-
dered, that 'you get Postum and not a
I spurious imitation offered as "just as
| good."
past midnight. They consistea largely of
music and toasts. ~-r .."■
The principal speech of the evening was
by the toastmaker, Robert Wienecke.
Among other things he said: •"
Comrades, ladies and gentlemen: We are
met this evening around this festive board to
celebrate the fourth anniversary of the shoot
ing section of the German Krieger Verein In a
fitting and suitable manner. The German
Krieger Verein (veteran association) is an or
ganization which has made it its object to
keep alive and fresh in the memories of its
members the glorious deed? of arras of united
Germany's army, and to recall at gatherings
like this the great and historical occurrences
on the fietd of battle of tnat grand army of
which we were members. Within our organi
zation It is particularly the shooting section
which has added to and maintained the mili
tary branch ol the Krieger Verein to the social
association, comuosed of veterans of the Ger
man arm .
My d riends. extending to you a hearty wel
come, ana knowing that many of our honored
guests have fought for our new and adopted
fatherland, I propose as the first toast
of the evening, "America ana Germany":
but before I call for a response to this toast I
will add a few words in English for the
benefit of those ot our guests who are not fa
miliar with the German language.
And now, for the benefit of our iriends and
guests who have honored us this evening by
their presence, and who are not familiar with
our German language, I will say that this is
the fourth anniversary of the shooting section
of the German Krieger Verein. While we all
are and desire to become American citizens,
we have retained ln our hearts the love for
our dear fatherland the land where our
cradle stood— the land for the unity and in
tegrity of which many of us fought on bloody
fields.
But these sentiments do not interfere with
our patriotism for our new ana adopted coun
try. I erasure I voce the feelings of all my
comrades when I say: That should necessity
require our military services we will be just
as patriotic and devoted soldiers for this, our
glorious republic, as we have been for the
land of our birth.
With love for the old fatherland and with
patriotic fervor for our new fatherland, the
most glorious country of the world, I
bid you welcome and hope you will join with
us in the festivities of this evening. And
now I repeat that the first toast of the evening
is "America and Germany," and I call upon
General £. S. Salomon to respond to this toast.
Captain F. J. Wisker of Garrison 101,
Army and Navy Union, drank to the
health of the verein and made a short
speech. Toasts were responded tobvW^ice-
Consul Lohan and by Baron J. W. yon
Schroeder, Captain Kuhls, Captain Oldeg
and Captain Siebe, representing the Em
tracbt. Red Men's and Shell Mound sec
tions respectively. It was nearly 1 o'clock
when the music ceased and thu guests dis
persed. ■
QUACKENBUSH'S DENIAL.
Declares That He Never Signed a Mar
riage Contract With Mrs. Abbot t-
Quackmnbuah.
Tbomas M. Quaccenbush testified in his
own bebalf yesterday in tbe case brought
against him by Mrs. Nancy Abbott-Qaac-;
enbush for $500 permanent maintenance,
claiming that right on account of a mur
riage contract which she avers was signed
by them several yeara ago.
Mr. Quackenbush is too sick to appear
in court and so Judge Seawell and the at
torneys went to the Quackenbush resi
dence, 911 Webster street, to hear the tes
timony of the old man, who is nearly 76
years of age.
Quackenbush'*! evidence was practically
a general denial of Mrs. Abbott's asser
tions. He stated emphatically that he
had never beer, married to her and that
he had not signed the alleged marriage
contract which she has produced. He said
he lived in the house kept by Mrs. Abbott
simply as her lodger.
He said be paid her $16 a month for his
room and from 15 to 25 cents for his meals.
At different times he signed money orders
and other papers, but never anything that
resembled a marriage contract, so far as
he knew. He did not dispute his signa
tures in all cases, but said if be signed
those documents he did not know what
they contained.
— • — — «
Five More Divorce Suits. '
Divorce suit? have been filed as lollows: ]
Mrs. L. Brenemar against L. H. Brenemar, for i
failure to provide; M, C. O'Keefe against J.
O'Keefe, for desertion ; Maude Keeling against
George Keeling, failure to provide: Amy M.
Scott against Robert P. Scott, for desertion;
George O. Bro.ru against Alberta Brown, for
cruelty. , . r_
.
HON. D. J. QUIMBY.
(T__ffi HON. D. J. QUIMBY IS NOW
-'-one of (be leading business men of
Portland, and I was interested in him to-
day for nearly two hours. We spoke of
the result of the new bond issue, and we
agreed in looking forward to a good spring
business. "Well," said he, "I'm glad it is
coming. I feel able to cope with any
amount of extra work. I am really and
truly a strong man. I was not in good
spirits or health a few months ago, bu>
tbat was before I used the
GREAT HOME REMEDY,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
"To tell you the truth, all of the regular
guests of the Quimby House had spoken to
me so highly of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla that I was induced to try it, and the
result is simply marvelous. I am now a
strong and vigorous man. I suffered very
much from biliousness and liver com-
plaint. I can truly indorse Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla."
DO.N'T TAKE A SUBSTITUTE.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic
T"\ •_/•» __J^_____-^KiiS^
s%-*£&niTi c* ■< f^iS_^__S-,
mv _*■_, ill {j
RAILROAD i^^^^^^^-
Trains leave »nd arrive at ri?_'_l!!^_S__i?'*!__l
Market-Street Ferry. V_lx_^^s?_^^!
SASTA FEIXPRESS. 111111
To tec° t via A. & p . <fej^j^*^_?T__ j
Leaves daily at 6:00 p. M..carrvlnr Pullman iSaca
£___!..? and Modern Upt.ols.ered Tourist
vIT^S^CiTv 11 ,C _.__ d,J,y "»«>««>» to ChS
yH^**** — City. Annex cars for Denver and _j
Huston i-xcurslons, v.a Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leive every
Ti esday. "'
The best railway from California to the East
Hew rails, new « , ' 9 s: dust: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. .
San Francisco Ticket Omce, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle , uilding. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 (.roadway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
IT la Sausalito Ferry).
.Testa Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& ISffl.
WUULDA-aV
Far Mm Valley and ..an Rafael— "7 .3s, *9tia
11:00 a. x.: '1:45, 8:45, »5:15, •5:_,&,0:30 P. It
Extra trips for Ban Kafael on Mondays, Wodaa*
«ay • aad Saturdays at 11 :S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS. **:',■■.:.* ';
For Mm Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, •10:01
•11:30 a. x.: »l:KO, 3:00, *4:80. 6:16». x.
Trains marked • run to .an Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS." -
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7»2s __. _■
Weekdays, B_oo a. ___ Sundays, 1:4. I m. -_»_&»
Bays.
it Caaadero and way stations— 7 :29 a. M. ?>____
tor»»_.Ji»r.M.B»mr4»y*__ *******
A DANGEROUS INTRUDER.
To Be Sternly Grappled With and
Quickly Thrown Out.
"Once more in the clutches of my old
enemy, the grip," you say some morning
when you wake up coughing and sneezing.
Your eyes are watery, your head feels as if
some force inside of it were bent on split*
ting it as a charge of gunpowder splits a
rock. Every muscle is t,tiff and sore.
Your very bones ache.
Oh, we all Know the symptoms of the
grip. A steady draught through an open
door, a pair of wet feet left undried too
lone, or a short walk in the cutting air
without an overcoat, and the mischief is
done.
how shall it be undone? Evidently
there is only one remedy. The blood must
move more briskly on its way, so as to
warm the tissues near the skin, and at the
same time relieve from congestion the
sluggish organs lying deep in the body.
And what will accomplish this? An.
swer: Only a vare stimulant to stir, stim
ulate and rouse the powers and throw the
intruding grip out of the system. Nature
must be assisied. The only known pure
medicinal stimulant is Duffy's pure malt
whiskey. "A stitch in time -ayes nine"
is an adage that would never Uave grown
so ol'i if it did not embody an iruperish
p.ble truth. Remember this ancient say
ing and take Duffy's pure mult whiskey at
the first chilly symptom that the grip is
near.
RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
SO-TTHKKN ■_l____-IC C__-I"_-J- _r.>_ .-.
(pacific BTM3 1 M i
I rain, lem <• ami M*_ <lm- tv arrive nt
SAM I'KA.-CINCO.
leave — From Jaxua r.Y 1, 1897. — ARr.rva
*_t:OOA Nilts, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
"MM. a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kafit.. S:-_P
7:00 a Ksnicii, V___*;_viiie, Kurasey, Sacr__-
uiento. OroiUle and Redding via
T.a.ij 6:4..
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatog- and Santa Rosa C:l3-»
_:30a Niles, Sim .lose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluif -« « 1 3p
*8:3»a Peters aud Milton **7:13_»
9:<m»a New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, Bakers Held.
Santa Harbara, l.es Angeles, Dora-
ins;, £1 Paso, New Orleans and ,
East 4:i. p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4_p
0:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
Kilns, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:1 5 p
*I:OOp Sacrann-nto River Steamers »9:00p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and l.ivermi.re 8:43 a
I I :30p Tort Costa and Way Stations {7: 13_»
4:« Op Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Itosa 9:13 a
4:JM»p Benicia. Vacavillo, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville aud Bacramento 11:13 a
4:3Ui* Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer- .
eed and Fresno, going via Nilea, .
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
S:00p Los Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los *
Angeles 10:43 a'
SiOOp Santa Fo Jtoute. Atlantic Express
for Mnj.iTt. anil East 10:4.-A
0:OOp Enropaan Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:-iriA
6:OOp [lay«rards, Niles Kan Jose 7:13 a
J7:OOf Vallejo .7:43*
7:0 Op Ore»on i:.i|ir»Rs, Sacrameuto, Marys-
ville, (trldiug, Portland, l'ugefe
Sound and East.. 11.13 a
U10:00p"S-_cEet Limit. d." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
aadKast j18:4..p
SANTA Cltr/ l)lVl>l(>r. (Narrow Gauge;. . ;
•«I3a New_rk,<_>iiterviUo,SAU. lone, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Sta tions 3_3o_»
•ansjp Newark. Centcrviilr, San .lose. New
Alinadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Piiueip _'. Way • --\
Stations .". *1I:_0A
4:13p Newark, Ban Jose and lam Catos ... 9:30 a
t11:43p Hurter*.' Excuision, San Jose and
Way SUtions t7:_op
COAST HI VISION (Third ._ Towns, Ms.)
6:43 a San Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) I.UOp
■:I3a San .lose, Tres Pluos, Santa Cruz.
Pacitic drove. Paso Ituhles, -San
Luis Obispo. Ituadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Btettons T:o®p
I OUO.. Sau .lose and Way Stations 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
•2:3opSan Mateo, Menlo Pork, San Jose.
Cilruy, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Balinas,Monterey and PaeitlcGrove *lO:-10 a
*:i::iOp San Jose and Way Stations 2:43 a
•l:3opSan Tesoand Way Stations *J_o3a
3:30p iS»._oae and Principal Way Stations *H:43a
U:3op San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
1II:13i- to Jose and Way Stations 17:43?
SA.V LKAMOBO AM* IIAIUAKU.S LOCAL.
i -:«»_ * ( 7:1
8:OOa j 19:1. -a
I°ol.a ■*__-, Seminary Park, t \\^
"i-SSp FUc„bar S , San Leandro »*J|*
3:00 p ..A i . 4:J.-_p
4:00P *" a .1 5:43p
S:OOp Harwardt. 6:1
0:30p J-Ajwaras. 7:13p
7:OOp B:4si*
«:00p . _ .. . . ««'"■• 9:43p
9:OOp » Runs through to Nile*. 1 0:30
.tll:l.>p_> From NIIO3. [ xytjtMOr
CJREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIN I-RIBCISCO— Foot of Market Street < SU. B)*— •'=-*. -
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•-.CO 16:00 *6:00P.»i. .
From 01_UKD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10r00...M. tl2:00 "1:00 (8:00 *3:00 . ..00
*5:00r.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•T___t____ and Saturdays. 6 Sundays and Thursday!.
SAIf FRAKCISGO & SORTH PA-
. CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12-3.,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:S J
and 11:30 p. x.
SUNDAYS 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
5:00, li:_U P. x.
San Kafiol to San FraneUcn.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trins
at 1:55 p. X. and 6:35 p. x. .
SUNDAYS— B:I.», 9:40, 11:10 A. x.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 P. a.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sains
schedule as above.
Leave I In effect Arrive
San Francisca I octT 14 Ban •*■■*■!■*
Week I Sun- i,,. I .^!-,. ~" Sps- , Wkkk"
Days. I days. *^»"*-""*">°- BAY __. I Pays.
7:30 au 8:00 ax Novato, 10:40 am' B:4oa_T
3:30 px 9:30 ax Petaiuma, 6:10 pm 10:85 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:35 ml 6:22 pic
_ Fulton, " " "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am '
Healdsburg,
l.ytton,
Geyservllle, _ ..
3:30 px 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 px 6:22 ;
i Fieta, I
: Hopland A \
7:30 ax 8:00 am i Ukiah. | 7:36 nt] 6:22 pm
7:„oaM| 10:25 ax
■ 8:00 am j GuernevUle. 7:35 rx
3:30 px 6:22 pm
7:30 ax : 8:00 ax Sonoma 10:40 ax 8:40 am
" and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 px
7:30 am 03 AMI SebMtOBO , 110:40 AM ; 10:3 .AX
3:30 5:00 pxj bec * Mto l - . 6:10 px| 6:22
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
•-'loverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
.Springs, K'iseyv.lle, Soda Ray and Lakeport; at
Bopl.'.nd for Lakeport and Hart Spriags; a;
Ukian tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bnck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneviile.
y wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wil!f_ts. Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at balf rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Markets.., Chronicle bunding.
A. W. FOSTER, V R. X. RYAN,
-Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAI FR.SC.SIO ...... SAS .OAQUII
VALLEY KAILWIY COfIPASY.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897, passenger trains
will run daily:
>r>nthbouad. Stations. Northbound.
7:2 i a. m. "....Stockton 6:40 p. x.
9:49 a. x...... Merced... 3:14 m.
11:60 a m...... Fresno 1:10 p. M.
For Intermediate statlonssee ti_ie-t»We_
Connecting steamboats of the C. N. A I. Ca
"cave San Fran-isco a- d Stockton at 6 P. x. daily.
JOM 1 TAJIALPAIS.
. ._„.">.
Trains connect with North Facias
Coast, Kailroad.
WEEK DAYS— Leaves. F. 9:15 a. x. 1:41. p. x.
Returning— Arrive S. f. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. x.
SUNDAYS— l____veS.F. Ba. m 11:30 a.m. 1:30 r.x.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:16 i: M 4:20 P.M. 7:35 p. X,
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THOs. COOK * SONS, 621 Market St., S. P.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais __*a_e Railway *
56
Wkt oThII
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 9, 1897
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. £0.18
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally aad Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, on* month, by mail. .05
Bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
.< fckXLY Call, -one year, by mall I.**-
BUSINESS OFFICE:
"111. Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS t
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1174
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
.-SO o'clock.
S3B Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
fii s Larkin street open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB i
___ Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Hooma 31 and 82, 34 Park Row, New fork City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE FAKE AM THE FACT.
THE PAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount ln Inches of its
advertising and that in consequence it could be
confronted with the following fact.
THE FACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J 896.
It Is to be remembered that daring 1896 the
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, of which Thk Call
did not and would not publish one.
The monarch of the lasers has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dupin? and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the character of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by Its
fraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it inspect Its own
books before it venture* udod the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
Pxrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop It.
In this the Examiner waa discreet, and if lt is wise
it will make no more such bold attempts to
deceive the public
I .
Carnival days are coming.
A
Forty cities are getting ready for frolics.
The only fitness the Czar has shown for
getting himself noted is epileptic.
. .
Congress is now near enough adjourn-,
ment to see the end of everything except
talk.
»
The Bradley-Martin ball may cost more,
but it won't be as big as a California car
nival.
.
There are signs that most people are
getting ready to ignore St. Valentine
again.
Nevada ought to call its coming prize
fight a fiesta or a carnival and throw a
rosy glory over it.
There are differences of opinion on re
ligious revivals, but when it comes to trade
revivals all are agreed.
Bierce has at last struck the level of his
second childhood and is now driveling in
an attempt to imitate the wit of a preco
cious four-year-old.
The sensation of the town at present
are the offenses of the suspected Butler
and the convicted Examiner, but fortu
nately we shall soon be rid of both.
The Legislature is sufficiently virtuous
to resent attacks on it by the Sacramento
papers and there is talk now of moving
the capital to some place where mud isn't
to handy.
War against decadent journalism is
being waged as effectually in New York as
in San Francisco, and before lone it will
be a very shameless man who will be will
ing to be seen reading a paper of that
kind.
*
We have forced the Examiner to drop
the braggart lie that it published more
inches of ads duriug 1896 than any other
San Francisco newspaper by showing that
The Call published over 3000 inches more
than tbe boastful faker. One more victory
for truth.
According to statistics collected by the
Manufacturers' Record, the total value of
all breadstuff exports for 1896 .-.mounted to
$176,000,000 against $121,000,000 in 1895.
The continuance of the drouth in India
promises an even larger export this year,
and the outlook for farmers shows pros
pects of a break in the long depress. on
which has weighed upon their industry.
"If Hearst," said Bierce, "takes railroad
pay
And sells himself to shame that way;
No more I'll write him prose or verse,
No pander I to courtesan or worse."
Hearst sold himself, he took the pay,
Bierce writes for" him the same old way.
The reason why is plain enough —
fierce himself got part the stuff.
ROBBING THE POOR.
*, --: ,_.•_■• <i. ■»,**■-,. . _■■-_•'_
A correct estimate of the character of the managers of the Examiner MB be had
only by bearing in mind that they use that paper to rob the poor as well as the rich.
It is not at preat corporations alone that they direct tlieir boodling schemes. All is
fish that comes into their nets, nnd they have fakes by which to catch the pennies ol
the poor as well as schemes by which to extort the dollars of the wealthy.
One of the methods they use to obtain money from those who can ill afford to lose
it is to lend themselves to the service of swindling lottery companies, and to publish
as true false report* of drawings made by Mich companies and prizes given by them.
From these swindlers the managers of the mi 'nn- get many dollars to put into the
pocket of Mr. Hearst to enable him to retain his lampooners and blackmailers when
subsidies from corporations run out.
Not content with serving swindling lotteries, the Examiner frequently resorts to
lottery schemes of its own. It offers prizes of every kind and description from a
yard of pups to a town lot for persons who will take the chances of putting
their money into the hands of Long Green and his sansr, in the expectation of draw
ing a premium. These tricks also have paid well in the past, and have helped the
estate of the late Senator Hearst to bear the financial strain which his wasteful son
places on it.
Another scheme by which it works the pockets of the people is what is known as
the "charity dodge." Money ostensibly for charitable purposes is raised by the
Examiner gang, either by direct contribution from the people or by baseball games,
"tug-of-war" tournaments and simiiar methods. From the sums which are received
in this way underthe pretense of charity large and greedy deductions are made in the
form of expenses. Tnese deductions have all tho appearance of legitimate items. It
cannot be expected, of course, that even a faker can run his fakes without pay, but
the Examiner makes the pay abnormally large in proportion to the amount which it
gives away in order to keep up the semblance of a reputation.
The lesser fakes and schemes devised to gather pennies from the poor are too
numerous to mention. They are of all classes and descriptions. They include
chromos given to any one who will bring in a fifteen-cent advertisement, and offers of
a chance to get a farm to any one who will subscribe 'the. disreputable paper. The,
managers have at limes offered to give every subscriber to their weekly fake a chance
to get his weight in gold. Nothing is too farcical, nothing is too fraudulent for these
unscrupulous rascals to practice in their efforts to obtain from the people the money
necessary to maintain them in carrying on their unprofitable and vicious lives.
The Examiner is in fact an all-round boodler. It defrauds when it can and where
it cannot defraud it resorts to extortion. It swindles tbe poor as eagerly as it black
mails the rich. It retains men who have the cunning to wheedle a dollar from the
credtilous just as it employs Bierce aft 1 other lampooners to revile, malign, abuse,
calumniate and belie rich men and corporations when it thinks by so doing it can
obtain thousands of dollars from them.
It is gratifying to note that all over the Union the cry against the decadent jour
nalism which Willie Hearst is promoting with the estate of h.3 father is being de
nounced with the severity of righteous indi.nalion. In New York the war against
Mr. Hearst's Journal is being waged as vigorously as is the contest sgainst the Ex
aminer here. The current number of the Chap Book, commenting upon the Journal
and papers of that class, says: "They ransack libraries of erotic literature when their
own imaginations begin to fail, their news is ways vulgar, trivial, sensational and,
as a minor detail, false. Nothing is too inane or too obscene for them to print. They
are a daily libel on everybody and everything."
This is the kind of paper which under the management of Long Greea Lawrence
and the proprietorship of Willie Hearst has been seeking to maintain its existence by a
thousand fakes and frauds since the Southern pacific cut it off the payroll. It is not
rich men only who must be on guard against it. It aims at everybody, and turns
willingly from blackmailing corporations to robbing the poor.
CONTEMPT OP COURT.
Various issues which have arisen of late i
years have called public attention repeat
edly to the contempt of court law in this |
State, and not a few cases have exposed
the injustice which is possible under it.
An attempt was made to remedy the evil
by the passage of the Barry law of 1891,
but this has been declared by Judge Cat
lin of Sacramento to be unconstitutional. !
In order to secure the rights of the peo- I
ple against a possible decision of the Su
preme Court sustaining that of Judge ■
Catlin it will be necessary to amend the |
constitution Itself, and there is a good I
prospect that the Legislature will at this '
session submit such an amendment to the
people.
The proposed amendment consists of in
serting into section 9 of article I of the
constitution the words, "No speech or ;
publication refiectine upon, or concerning i
any court, or any officer thereof, shall be j
treated or punished as a contempt of
court unless made in the immediate pres
ence of such court while in session, and
in such a manner as to actually interfere
with its proceedings."
The amendment will not be a radical :
innovation in American law. It is in fact,'
a verbatim copy of the present United \
States statute governing all Federal courts. |
Its adoption will simply place the courts of
California on a level wiih those of the Na
tion so far as contempt cases are con- {
cerned, and will secure the people and the j
press in the right of free speech and just j
criticism of all public officials, judicial or
otherwise.
As the law stands at present a corrupt |
judge could punish for contempt sum- j
marily and without trial any citizen to j
whose criticisms or condemnation he took '
exception. It is time this condition ol
the law should be changed. The people I
cordially approved the Barry law and I
since that has been declared unconstitu
tional, it is important that the Legisla
ture should at once take steps toward
amending the constitution so as to make
it a true charter of the rights of the people. i
FARMS IN ENGLAND.
The condition of agriculture in England
has long been of a nature so disastrous,
both to land-owners and lease-holders, as
to produce among them a state of chronic
discontent. Recently, however, affairs
have gone from bad to worse and at tho
present time they are in a condition so
hopeless that Lord Salisbury is reported
to have declined to receive a deputation
of farmers on the expressed ground that
he knew of his own knowledge all they
had to complain of, but could see no way
of remedying the evils.
Some recently compiled reports of sales
of farm property in England show to
what extent the depression has been car
ried. At the sale of Langdon Abbey, 639
acres of land, with farmhouse, stabling,
homestead and seven modern cottages,
only realized £5700, or less tban £9 per
acre. Fifteen years ago the property was
valued at over £20,000, and four years ago
It was mortgaged for £14,000. In Essex
County, within a day's walk of the Bank
of England, a farm which, in 1875, rented
for £400, has for the last live years rented
for £1 per annum, the occupant paying
the taxes, amounting to about £150. In
many cases farms have been sold for less
than one-tenth of their value twenty years
ago.
Bad as this condition is, it is rendered
worse by the fact that there seems to be
no hopeful outlook for the farming indus
try of England in the future. The only
possible help would be the establishment
of a high protective tariff on farm
products; but that would impose such a
burden upon the great mass of the British
population that they will never consent to
it. The commercial and manufacturing
prosperity in England depends upon
cheap food and cheap raw material. Those
inteiests combined are too large to be sac
rificed for the farmers, or even for the
great land-owners. Well indeed might
Lord Salisbury say that he cares to hear
no more on the subject. He is himself
one of . the largest land-owners in the
kingdom, as well as Prime Minister, and
neither as a landlord nor as a statesman
can he see any way to save British agri
culture from the impending ruin.
The Maine Legislature is discussing a
bill for the relief of farmers whose crops
have been destroyed by deer, and as the
State insists on protecting the deer lt
seems like a square deal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 189,7.
MINES AND PARMER.
It is gratifying to learn from Sacra
! mento that the miners and farmers of the
' State have at last found a basis of agree
ment upon which it is possible to enact
legislation that will be beneficial to both
and will enable hydraulic miner, to pro
ceed with their wor_c without injury to
j the farm districts of the valleys or to the
J great rivers whose channels are necessary
j to the commerce of the Stale.
As a result of this agreement, we can
i reasonably look forward to such legisla
| tion as will be necessary to make available
| for use the $250,C0'_* already appropriated
! for the purpose of constructing restraining
dams in the mountains, so that the debris
will not be washed down by the rivers into
the valleys below. Ono of the most impor
tant bills of the session deals with this sub
; ject and on its face eives every guarantee
I necessary to guard the public in the ex
; penditure of the money.
It will be remembered that the United
\ States Government appropriated $250,000
to carry out work of constructing restrain
, ing dams under control of a California
j Debris Commission, created by act of Con
gress March 1, 1393. The proposed bill
I provides for a State Debris Commissioner
to consult and advise with the commission
; created by Congress and report all plans
! and specifications to the State lioard of
Examiners for their supervision. It is
j nrovided that whenever the National De
j bris Commission shall have undertaken
i any part of the proposed work the State
j shall pay one-half of it subject to approval
I of the State Board of Examiners.
It will be seen that no new appropri
ation is asked for, and the proposed bill
j simply prescribes the manner in which
! the money may be used. The engineers
of the United States estimate that
j the cost of dams sufficient to keep the
| debris of the mountains out of the
; American, Feather and Sacramento rivers
will be about $490,000. The appropriations
| of the General Government and the State
I combined amount to $500,000, and seem
I therefore adequate to carry the enterprise
to a successful completion.
There can be no question but what the
i work should be begun as speedily as pos
sible. There are thousands of people in
| the State who need employment and it is
full time the great interests of the miners
} and the farmers should receive attention.
I The bill on its face seems a fair one in
I every respect, and there can be little ques-
I tion that the people will be glad to see the
! work begun, the money put into circula
j tion and hydraulic mining resumed with
out injury to the valleys or the rivers.
The Spanish Government will need no
I trocha around the reforms promised to
Cuba. The Cubans won't take them.
_
Senator-elect Mason of Illinois declares
he will never be silent in the Senate until
Cuban belligerency is recognized. Fortu
nately he talks well.
Altgeld's recent remark that "Illinois
will surely shapa the destinies of the
Nation" looks like a crude attempt to
resume pleasant relations with Chicago.
"Whether it was the power of the' press or
j the power of tbe pulpit that drove him to
| it is not clear, but the clamor against his
j $250,000 ball has induced Bradley-Martin
j to seek public favor by giving $10 to a
fund for the relief of the pfjor of New York.
The St. Louis Qlobe-Democrat says that
as the assassinations committed by high
binders are confined entirely to Chinese,
public sentiment in San Francisco is not
very strongly against them. That is the
kind of news you hear when you go away
from home. '
The State has already appropriated
$250,000 for the construction of impound
ing dams and the General Government has
appropriated an equal amount. The next
appropriate step, therefore, would be to
arrange for beginning the work and put
j ting the money into circulation.
=
In deciding the cigarette trust to be an
unlawful combination the New York
courts, it seems, were under the necessity
of declaring cigarettes to be not a luxury
but a necessary of life, and, nnder the cir
cumstances, it might bave been better to
let the trust stand.
= -
Texas claims, through the mouth of her
Lieutenant-Governor, to have more pine
j land than Oregon, more granite than New
| Hampshire, to have produced more corn
I than Illinois, more cotton than any two
otber States and more rice than South
Carolina. All the same Texas is not in it
with California — she has neither an elysian
climate, a golden soil, a prune crop nor
prize pumpkins.
r-__l.__oNAL
H. G. Bonel of Santa Clara is in town.
Dr. Wallace of Eureka is at tne Occidental.
Senator A. F. Jones of Oroville is in the City.
R. B. Suffold, an attorney oi Truebody, is at
the Lick. gMf
. A. V. Smith, a business man of Fargo, Dak.,
is at the Russ.
W. C. Moore of Vallejo Is a late arrival at the
Cosmopolitan..
Ward C. Brown of Parkfleld Is staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
C. J. Selwyn, a business man of Weiser,
Idaho, is in town.
E. S. Kinney, a mining and business man of
Idaho, is in the City.
Ernest Se7ier, an attorney of Eureka, ar
rived here yesterday.
A. P. Leonard of South Bend, Wash., has ar
rived here for a short stay.
E. A. Harrison, a business man of Tacoma, is
here, accompanied by his wife.'
E. O. Miller, ex-Register of the United States
Land Office at Visalia, ls at the Lick.
C. H. Qulnton, chief clerk of the Grand Ho
tel in Eureka, is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. Harris, a business man of Corvallis, Or., is
at the Ki_ _ accompanied by his wife.
Joseph Ryan, a mining man of Butte, Mont,
and his family are recent arrivals here.
D. J. Flanlgan, the wealthy business and
lumber man of Humboldt Bay, is at the Grand.
John Finneli, the great land-holder and old
time resident of Tehama, is registered at the
Palace.
W. S. Boynton, a wealthy resident of Colo-
rado Springs, is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
Louis Holman, wife and daughter of Port
land are among recent arrival* at the Cosmo
politan.
N. Bullock, who Is in the general merchan
dising business at Eureka. Humboldt County,
is on a visit here.
Colonel James A. Hardin, the millionaire
cattleman of Santa Rosa, who has cuttle in
two or three different States, is at the Russ.
Eugene Thompson and J. Frank Boyd, of
Bangor, Me., tourist:-, who have for several
weeks been seeing South- rr. California, are in
the City, and will remain probably for some
time.
J. B. Dunean and A. B. Arcurnaga, of Silver
City. Idaho, who owns mining interests near
that place, are here for a few weeks' vacation
•nd release from the snows of that great alti
tude.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental is
Jerome L. Drumheiler, a business man of
Spokane for ma: years, and who is interested
in mining and otner enterprises. He is ac
companied by Mrs. Drumheiler and Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Finch of Spokane.
CALIFORNIA!... IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B —The A Her
brought back from Germany Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Peterson and son. At the St. Cloud, W.
P. Wade; Grand Union, G. Bartlett; Imperial,
M. T. Barton; Metropo'.e.S. J. fata*.; Belvedere,
C C. R'.edy; st. Denis, Mrs. B. Paulson, Miss
C. Lebnhardt; Gilsey, C. S. Foils; Continental,
A. Mcßean.
LOVE'S FLUTING
A little while with you and me
Love made his home contentedly.
Now there ls naught but you and I,
The one to an ear the one < o sigh.
Kor Love has gone to other parts
And taken rooms ln other hearts.
Alack tor you, alack for me.
Knew ever folks such misery?
We cannot find our visitor;
l.ost night we locked and barred the door,
lie could not have got out that way,
The chain wus on at break of day.
Ilia trunk's In the guest's room "all right,
Yet there he did not ««••;. last night.
1 think at least he ml. hay- s aye-1
To tip the cook and chambermaid.
The place is all turned upside down
And cheeriest everything lias grown.
At breakfast we'd no appetite.
I read the paper just for spite,
Growled at the coffee nnd the toast,
While yon sat silent as a ghost.
We'll bave to break up bouse, I see,
If he stays long from you and me.
— N. Y. Kvening Sun.
DECADENT JOURNALISM.
The Chap Book.
Several English writers of good standing, In
ignorance of what the papers are really like,
have done some harm to their American repu
tation by allowing their work to appear in the
New York World and Journal. These authors,
of course, dispose of their writings through an
agent. The agent sells them to a syndicate,
and the syndicate scatters them broadcast
through the papers of the United States. The
author may or may not be informed in what
journals his work is appearing. Even if
he does know their names, the odds
are greatly against his knowing what
is thought of their character on this
side the Atlantic. It is, therefore, an act of
kindly charity to warn him against the New
York World and Journal. No decent man
ever reads them. They circulate among
people who like their murders fully lllus
ttated, and their society scandals adorned
with every suggestion of indecency. They
would not for one moment be tolerated in
Loudon. Their columns are given over to
multifarious appeals to pruriency. They in
terest themselves in the exploitation of anat
omy and pathology. They publish photo
graphs with full explanatory descriptions of
all the diseases they can find in the New York
hospitals. They send out men to lie across
window-sills and peer through the
blinds into the parlors of private
houses. They send out women to ba
accosted in tbe streets. They dispatch report
era to feign madness and so gain admission
into insane asylums. They give the most ex
plicit aescriptions with illustrations of a hun
dred different ways in which murder can be
committed. They ransack libraries of erotic
literature when their own imaginations begin
to fall. This news is always vulgar, trivial,
sensational, and, as a minor detail, false.
Nothing Is too inane or too obscene
lor them to print. They are a daily
libel on everybody and everything.
For over a year has this contest lor the
primacy of the sewers raged between them.
The World is experienced in every form of
beastliness; but the Journal, which is edited
by a Harvard graduate, has only just cele
brated its first anniversary of film. Every
respectable paper bas attacked them; almost
every minister preached against them ; but the
number of their readers continues to Increase.
And tnese are the papers in which well-known
English authors have Inadvertently allowed
their work to be printed. For their own s_.kes,
If for nothing else, it is to be hoped they will
in future direct their agents to place a ban on
the New York World and Journal.
SHORT CUB/.N PUFFS
Philadelphia Press.
The Cuban tobacco yield the past year has
been 75,000 bales, instead of 500,000 bales,
the yield the year before. The sugar crop has
been reduced to a fourth of its former size,
and will be smaller during the coming year.
These figures are a fair measure of tbe terri
tory overrun or occupied by the insurgents.
Most of the tobacco is grown in Pinar del Rio,
and there nearly nine-tenths of the planta
tions have been laid waste. Of the sugar
plantations three-quarters were nnable to
grind sugar. Six weeks ago the Spanish
forces seemed to be accomplishing something.
They are no longer. They have been unable
to complete their work in Pinar del Rio, and
In all the rest of the island the Insurgent
forces are more successful than ever.
McKINLEY APPRECIATED.
McKinley has been heralded as the advance
agent of prosperity in every direction, but it
remained for the little four-year-old daughter
of the editor of the Pleasanton (Mo.) Observer
to find an entirely new and original instance.
The other day the editor was hurriedly sum
moned home through a canse not entirely un
expected to him, when be was met at the gate
by his little daughter, who shoutea with en
thusiasm: "Hurrah for McKinley and Hobart!
we've got a little brother l" *.-•
CHINES? IN EUROPE
Chinese are making their way In large num
bers Into European countries, where they en
gage for farm labor. A correspondent of the
Country Gentleman writes that coolies may
now be found by the thousand ln the prov
inces or Silesia, East Prussia, Posen and Pom
crania, where ihey work for 20 cents a day.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Thomas R. Phenard, connected with one of
the lending law firms of Seattle, who has come
hereto argue casts before the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals, is at the Occidental.
One of Mr. Shepard's partners is Judge Burke,
one of the foremost Democrats of the North
west.
Mr. Shepard says Washington is tossed up
politically &s it never was before.
"Notwithstanding the fuslonists have car
ried the Btate," he said, "we expect to share
in the general prosperity that will come
through the result of the National election.
As to the contests over the senatorship in the
Legislature, I suppose we have never before
THOMAS R. SHEPARD OF SEATTLE.
[Sketched from life by a "Cali" artist.]
had anything quite to equal it. But probably
things will ere long straighten themselves out.
••It is yet dull in Seattle, but it Is not dead.
It is as lively there as most anywhere you go.
In a few months more we expect to be prosper
ous.
'The lumber combine in Washington Is
stronger now than it has ever been. From all
1 can learn, it is liable to hold together. The
recently formed trust on cargo lumber will, I
think, be a permanent thing. The lumber
men have been coming closer together all the
time."
Letters From the People.
THE STANFORD TAX.
A Plea for Justice If the Tax Is Re
mitted.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sib: A bill to free
Stanlord University from taxation ls now be
fore the State Legislature. The question as to
the justice and wisdom of removing a $30,
--000 burden from an institution that benefits
the State to so great an extent is one upon
which there may be some difference of opin
ion. But there can be but one opinion con
cerning the free of Stanford from taxation.
To do this would be to commit a great injus
tice, for the reason that the burden would lail,
not equally upon the people of the State, who
share equally ln the benefits derived, but by
far the larger portion would of necessity be
borne by the people of the counties in which
the university property is. The State tax. of
course, would be evenly divided, but the
county tax is always larger than that of the
State.
True, it may be said that the people of the
connty in which the university is, are more
than repaid for the additional taxation by the
benefit derived from the hundreds of students,
each bringing money to pay for his supnort
while pursuitl.T his studies. But it must be
remembered that the university owns prop
erty of many kinds in many counties, It owns
thousands of acres of land. If all this'prop
erty should be made untaxable the people of
those counties would bear by far the greater
portion of the burden. This is unjust for they
get no more good from the university than do
the people ol other counties.
If we as a people wish to present Stanford
with a early gilt of .'&.0.000 on account of its
beneficial influence, let us do it in a just way,
not "rob Peter to pay Paul." Very respect
fully, B. R. Burroughs.
MUNICIPAL HUMANITY.
The Christ Spirit Incarnate in a Muni'
ctpal Body.
To the Editor of the San Fiancisco Call— Sir:
More than anything else in the world, so far
as I am able to judge, these five words have
influenced my life: "Who went about doing
good" (Acts x: 38), which was Peter's explana
tion of the mission of Jesus of Nazareth as
given to Cornelius of Cesarea, the centurion,
"a just man and, one that loved God." The
Christ spirit, as I understand it, is revealed in
all Its grandeur and breadth when He said,
"For I was an hungered and ye gave me meat;
I was thirsty and ye gave me drink; i was a
stranger and ye took me in: naked, and ye
clothod me; I was sick and ye visited me; I
was in prison and ye came unto me. " ' 'Verily,
I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it
unto the least of tne.se, my brethren, ye have
done lt unto me." (Matt, xxy : 35, 30 and 40.)
There is a scene pictured in the Acts of the
Apostles Tfhlch should be recalled here : "They
that gladly received the word were baptized,"
to the number of "about three thousand
souls." "And fear came upon every soul; ana
many wonders and signs were done by the
apostles. And all that believed wero together."
They "sold their possessions and goods and
parted them to all as every man had need."
(Acta 11, 41, 43, 44. 45.) This was the spirit
which animate'! the first converts to Chris
tianity alter the Christ had parted from the
apostles and was the first fruits of their
preaching after they were baptized with the
Holy Spirit. The impulse io help those in
want seems to be in full accord with the Christ
spirit
We pass over the history of the race for 1900
years and enter, "gay and wicked Paris,"
where tbe spirit, made manifest in "The Luck
of Roaring Camp" rather than that of "The
Scarlet Letter," appears to be in the ascend
ant, to see in what ways and to what extent
the Christ spirit has entered into the muni
cipal life of the people; though I am aware
that people who are the lineal descendants of
those who pass beiore us in the pages of tbe
"Scarlet Letter" may feel a distinct shock at
the transition from the apostles to Paris. But
I am looking for practical results, and. for
years past have paid little court to sentiment.
Turning to page 102 of Albert Shaw's re
markable and invaluable book on "Municipal
Government in Continental Europe," we read
that "public charity has absorbed and system
lied almost every important form and agency
of relief and succor." To this "Assistance
Publique," as be points out, "belong (1) the
great hospitals of Paris; (2) the homes, asylums
and retreats lor the aged poor and special
groups of dependent classes, and (3) the super
vision and support of domiciling relief,
whether in the form of medical attendance,
temporary succor with money, food or fuel, or
regular and permanent aid at home in lieu of
support in a public, institution." "In the
hands of this great boarJ of public charity
rests tne policy that expends a yearly revenue
of some thirty million francs. "' "Accommo
dations for about 30,000 patients and inmates
are provided in the hospitals and retreats."
'The most skillful physicians are employed
by the. City in large numbers "to secure for
the poor in their homes an attentive and skill
ful ministry of medical relief," as well as
trained and skill ul nurses, free of cost to the
patients. Page 107: "In recent years no part
of the work of public assistance has been more
carefully developed than that which relates
to the rescue, maintenance and proper in
struction of friendless children. "In the
ca" of every unfortunate child the munici
pality alms to be very much more than a
grudging stepfather." Great results are des
tined to follow.
Mr. Shaw informs us that 'in a remarkable
variety of ways the Parisian municipality
plays the role of prompt friend and servitor to
its people in times of emergency and special
misfortune. But far more important is the
service of night medical and ■«*»«} relief,
organized in every neighborhood of the me
tropolis" "The municipal lodging
are absolutely free of charge. They
have a. _ capacity of 600 per night.
Each guest is provided with a change of
clothing while present and soup is served at
night; bread in the morning." The stay is
limited to three days. The women's lodging
house allows women to bring their children
and affords them shelter and care, the average
sojourn being nearly a month.
Rent money is advanced by the municipal
ity very liberally in cases where worthy fami
lies through illness or other misfortune have
been evicted by their landlords and have no
means with which to rent a new domicile;
and from fifteen to twenty thousand families
are eacn year helped in this way. Free
bureaus of employment are maintained in
nearly every ward of the city. But there is a
great central labor exchange, opened ln 1892,
costing 2,000,000 francs, which has become
headquarters for not less than eighty-two
trades unions, and 50,000 francs are annually
appropriated to maintain it. These .trades
unions may hid for public work.
I ought to devote a half column to the pub
lic pawnshop, which has been in operation
since 1777, and will reserve it for another let
ter, as its importance and practical benefi
cence demand such consideration. I shall
then present some suggestions to the citizens
of San Francisco on the wisdom of municipal
humanity. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
II Essex street, February 6, 1897.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
A Vacuum— 11. City. Yes; by means of a
force pump you can create a vacuum in a vessel
half flllea with water, providing you first re
move tbe water, for a vacuum is empty space or
space wholly devoid of matter.
Religion in Russia— Under certain limita
tions toleration of all religions which do not
violate morality or good order exists in Russia,
and not toproicss the orthodox Greek faith,
the national religion, does not disqualify as
regards civil rights.
Valid Marriages— a Reader of The Call,
Oakdate, Stanislaus County, Cal. The general
law is that a marriage that is valid 'in the
country where It was contracted is valid in
any ot the States of the American Union. No
State ln the Union can pass any law on the
subject of marriage tbat would extend beyond
lis territorial border.
All in the Land— R. C. J. A., Camp Whit
locks, Mariposa County, Cal. When an indi
vidual obtains possession of a piece of land In
a lawful manner, including by purchase, pre
emption or any other lawful means, he is en
titled to all that the land contains in the mat
ter of minerals.
Conditions for Citizenship— A Constant
Reader, City. If it shall appear to the satis
faction of the court to which the alien has ap
plied that he has made a declaration to be
come a citizen of the United States two years
before applying for final papers, ana has re
sided continuously within the United States
for at least five years, and within the State or
Territory where such court is at the time, one
year at least; and during that time "he has
behaved as a man of good moral character, at
tached to the principles of the constitution of
the United States, and well disposed to the
good order and happiness of the same," he will
be admitted to citizenship. This applies to
aliens who landed i.i the United States after
having passed the eighteenth birthday.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Charming Miss (to gentleman who Is about
to share seat with her)— l beg pardon, sir, but
this seat is engaged.
Gentleman (with admiring glance)— lndeed !
Then it is certainly entitled to my envy.—
ton Courier.
"Poor Curticks died very suddenly the other
day."
"Nonsense l Suddenly? He was a man of
too much judgment to act hastily in any
thing."—North American.
He— Talking about pledges— there's one man
I know who has kept nearly every one he took
last year.
She— Who's that?
He— The pawnbroker around the corner.—
Up to Date.
"They say you have no sympathy for the
J struggling poor."
"Me?" said the accused gentleman. "I have
nothing but sympathy." V. ' _. .'
Museum Proprietor— the matter with
the Blind Checker-player? He's been losing
games all day.
Manager— He hasn't been just right for a
month. I'm afraid his eyesight is failing
i him.— Chicago Journal. '
A paper is responsible for the story that a
lady, when showing a gentleman over her
grounds the other day, was asked by him:
"Does not this plant belong to the begonia
family?"
"The begonia family?" answered his hostess,
bridling up. "Certainly not, sir! It is ours,
and always has been!"— Household Words.
Hoax— Screecher sings in the open air and
never has a cold.
Joax— How do you account for it ?
Hoah-Oh, I suppose it is the range of his
voice.— Philadelphia Record.
May belle— Hattie is to marry Mr. Goodley
the not philanthropist.
Violet-So? I was told he was engaged In a
new charitable project.— Philadelphia Bulle-
TWENTY CHANCES
TO GAIN FAME
Valley Road Open to Hints
as to Names for New
Stations.
Superintendent McFarland Going
to Fresno to Push Exten
sion Work.
Telegraph and Trains Will Be Kept
to the Front of the Track
and Grading.
There are now only a few comparatively
minor obstacles in the rignt of way of the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad between Fresno and Bakersfield,
and the construction department, under
Chief Engineer Storey, is showing in
creased activity in the making of prepara
tions for construction work. There are
but a few more finishing touches of engi
neering work to be put on.
When the construction work is begun it
will be pushed with all the dispatch that
insures a first-class roadbed. When the
first 125 miles of the line, from Stockton
to Fresno, were completed the Valley
road then had as good and as well bal
lasted a track as there was in the State,
and in some respects railroad men said it
was as level, well jointed and solid as it is
possible to construct.
The first excursion train that went
through from Stockton to Fresno for tho
celebration at the latter city last October
of the opening of the Valley road was
drawn by a locomotive that had two days
before run with two coaches from Clans
ton to Stockton, a distance of thirty miles,
at a rate of nearly sixty miles per hour.
The locomotive had just come from the
shops and was being "warmed up" for
heavier work ahead of her. There are few
newly constructed roadbeds in tbe conn
try on which this rate of speed would
have been safe.
Chief Engineer Storey said yesterday
that the roadbed from Fresno to Bakers*
field would be as well graded and the
track as {rood as the division north of
Fresno. The distance from Fresno to
Bakersfield is about 120' miles as surveyed.
Superintendent E. A. McFarland of
Stockton, who has charge of the division
to Fresno, will have nia headquarters
changed to Fresno on the 15th inst., to
take charge of the work on the extension
to Bakersfield. About 400 men will be
employed in grading and tracklayinsr.
Poles will be set and wire stretched in
pace with tho construction work, so that,
telegraph instruments and trains can be
kept within jumping off distance of the
front end of battle. The company wants
to get trains running into Bakerslield by
the middle of June. Trains will probably
be run regularly to Hanford, about thirty
miles south of Fresno, soon after the track
is built to that place. There are still some
impediments yet in the right of way to
Visalia.
The company is not waiting for funds
on account of tbe issuance of its bonds to
make the extension. The proofs of the
bonds were read about ten days ago, by
I Vice-President Robert Watt, and returned
to New York, where they are now being
printed. Mr. Watt said tnat the company
would not be in any hurry to dispose of
the bonds.
There must be stations and, if stations,
names for them, on the new extension.
This will receive the attention of Chief
Engineer Storey beiore the line reaches
Bakersfield. This was found to be a puz
zling question to some degree when the
names had to be selected for the seventeen
stations south of the "Mill City" not pre
viously determined by settled communi
ties of some pretension to population.
But the directors are said to nave entered
into hearty unanimity when it was pro
posed to name the places of future
great metropolitan aspirations, after the
president of the road, Glaus Spreckels. So
Clauston got on the map, and who knows
that some day it may not be donated a
patronymic town hall or a beet-sugar fac
tory with a thousand employes. The sta
tions will be fourteen to twenty in number.
Chief Engineer storey said that the road
is open to suggestions for names for the
stations from the pioneer, the farmer, the
fruit-grower and packer, the businessman,
to the young husband or country swain
who wants the name of his first-born son
or sweetheart to be sounded down the
ages by the angel-voiced brakeman.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
The favorite hobby of the Duchess of York is
the collecting of fans, upon which she bestows
much time and artistic care.
A highland claymore that was once the prop
erty of Rob Roy was sold at auction in London
the other day for $180. It was the handiwork
of Andrea Ferrara. .V- ,_i '.
Frank H. Darr, a native of Somersworth, N.
H., who died there recently, was the inventor
and constructor of the marvelously beautiful
electric fountain at the World's Fair.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
Special information dally to manufacturer,
business bouses and public men by the Pran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
«, — + — _»
Mother— lnstead of beating the cat, Willie,
I wish you would amuse yourself with your
doll. .**.;. -.; '.;.■$-
Willie— Yes; but when I beat the cat ho
howls and the doll doesn't.— Boston Globe.
"Brown's BronchialTrochks" are unrivaled
for relieving Coughs, Hoarseness and all Throat
Troubles. Sold only in boxes.
■, » ■—_> _
Every bouse where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
In croup it gives immediate relief.
* — ♦ — ♦
Burnett's Corn Cure. 8*27 .Montgomery. 23c.
" • — • — »
"Why do you behave so, Jimmie?"
"It's all pa's fault." said Jimmie. "When I
grow up I want to te able to tell my boys what
I did when I was little— the way papa does."—
Harper's Round Table.
__£___! 49
&AKTNG
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated for it*» ereat leavening strength and
healthfulness. Assures the food against alum and
all forms of adulteration common to the cheap
I " ______l BAKING f.w__a CO.. New York.**"**__..____. «*all
TUESDAY FKBRUABY 9, 1597
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkr -"Spar am -i."
tel.f UroaXlA Tbeatkr.— Mile. Antoinette Tre-
Colcmbia Theateb -"Chimmie Fad den.-
Mobomco s Opera-House. - -a Mile a Minute."
Alcazar Theater "The Professor. "
' Tl _,°__. , OpERA House.— "Aladdin; or, The
" onderful Lamp
Orpheum.- High-Class Vaudeville.
SuTJto Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
TtlwK,'S HUirKS AND **n*" Rune-Daily at
.JBalght street, one blocs ._._: of the Park.
. -_____U___ Hack Track.— to-day.
AUCTION -AUS.
o By ,: ? 11US * Auction Co.-Thls day, February
_-. furniture, at 1057 Market at., at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mc Idle 7 Tuesday.— Local Forecast Official
McAdie.
.-"he whaler Jane Gray will go to Alaska on
an otter-hunting expedition.
A "body, supposed to be that of Domenico
. ArDini, was lound in the Day yesterday.
Joseph Carew will represent Sacred Heart
1 arish in the district silver medal contest.
The Krieger-Vereins gave a banquet last
night in honor of their fourth anniversary.
• The Andrew Welch, Captain Drew, took
away twelve passengers for Honolulu yester
"day.
Third street will be lighted by electricity
from Mission to Harrison on next Saturday
Uight. J
The first gun mounted on a disappearing
carriage on this coast was tested at Fort Point
yesterday.
Evangelist Munhall spoke yesterday on
modern unbelief at the Presbyterian Minis
terial Union.
Judge Slack has given judgment in favor of
Si. -Vincent's Institution against John T. Da
vis for $1240 and costs.
The engagement is announced of Thomas
Magee," the well-known real estate man, and
Miss Helen Carlton Curtis.
The old whaling-bark Emma F. Herriman is
being changed Into a barkentine forthe North
American Trading Company.
Thomas M. Quackenbush yesterday testified
.that he never signed a marriage contract with
Mrs. Nancy Abbott -Quackenbush.
. J. E. Biomross, a carpenter, living at 9 How
ard street, was tricked out of $20 yesterday by
a grafter around the Police courts.
In Judge Slack's court the suit of Mrs. Ma
hala Robinson against Mrs. Rachel Macdou
gal and Mrs. Helen liudgin was on trial.
. D. W. Perley has sued Fletcher Taylor for
$5000 on account of cash advanced for the de
iendant by Mr. Perley and W. B. George.
Oakland track reopened yesterday. The
winning horses were: Basquil, Palmerstoa,
-Salisbury 11, Estaca, Caspar and Moylan.
At the meeting of the Congregational Mon
day Club yesterday Rev. W. Tubb upbraided
the pastors with their ignorance of history.
W.A. Speak, alias Spencer, bookkeeper at the
Atlas Iron Works, Potiero, was arrested last
night on the charge of felony embezzlement.
The police want a man with wooden legs
who, it ls claimed, has been fraudulent^- ob
taining subscriptions for different magazines.
The Butier case before Commissioner Hea
cock is attracting much attention among the
public. Ii will be resumed to-morrow morn
ing: X
' The funeral of the late Fritz ITTnckley will be
held to-day from the Hinckley residence on
California street. Interment will be at Pied
mont.
. The sealing -schooner Rattier reports thirtv
eieht skins so far. Owing to the boat-steerer
falling sick the cruise of the vessel was de
layed.
In the suit of John H. Wise against James
T. Murphy and F. Smalley for $9760. judgment
has been given against the plaintiff oy Judge
Hebbard.
Horace G. Piatt has offered his resignation
as one of the managers of the trust tormed by
the late General W. H. Dimond for the benefit
of his heirs.
■• Frank Taylor, a sailor, and known to the po
lice as a porch-climber, was arrested by the
police and several burglaries will be booked '
.againsfhim.
The cases against John A. Benson and others,
CJiarged with land frauds, will probably be !
dropped by the United States authorities on
Monday next.
The United States survey steamer McArthur
has gone to the north channel to search for
the rock on which the Centesima struck on
December 13 last.
Annual banquet of Unity Alliance No. 14,
St. Patrick's Alliance of America, at which
Rev. Father McFadden expressed misgivings
on the arbitration.
Mrs. Cliff, 2926 Bush street, took a baby boy
to the Receiving Hospital yesterday that was
found on her doorstep some weeks ago, as she
had got tired of lt.
Butler, alias Ashe, is now heard of from
Ohio. A Springfield man has recognized his
picture and description at that of a former
associate in Alaska.
• The Committee on Commerce and Naviga
tion was entertained by the Harbor Commis
sioners on a cruise round the bay devoted to
business and pleasure.
Mayor Phelan will appoint a committee of
fifty citizens to work in conjunction with the
Cuban League of the Uniiea States, which has
headquarters in New York.
Alexander J. Smith, an ex-member of the
Canadian Northwest mounted police, failed to
recognize the murderer Butler last night as
having belonged to the force.
The trial of Fred Marriott, charged with
libel, for publishing articles in the News Let
ter reflecting on Judge Hebbard has been
postponed until next Monday.
Forty-one Sonoma citizens have notified
Preside Foster of the San Francisco and
North Pacific that they are not opposed to
picnic grounds in that vicinity.
A mass-meeting in lavor of the bills for the
reliel of the bakers, now before the Legisla
ture, was held last evening under the auspices
of the 'trades and Labor Alliance.
James Nesbit, G. H. James worth and Joe
Curley were arrested last night and locked up
in the tanks pending an investigation as to
some jewelry ti_ey were trying to sell.
George Ackermanu, 518 Elevonth street, was
arrested last night on the charge of assault to
murder for throwing a hatchet at Thomas
Kane, a boy, and fracturing his skull.
Secretary Frank Kane of the Pacific Coast
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil- i
dren, was arrested yesterday on a charge of i
battery preferred by W. A. I.ighthall.
, The Board of Trade held its annual meeting !
... terday and elected a board of directors.
President Watkin*-.' report is a most cheerful
document, indicating a prosperous year.
. The Salvation Army will Impress the phono
graph into service by loading lt with relig
ious hymns and exhortations. One will be
tried at the Metropolitan Temple on the 22d
•lust. •
Many friends will be grieved to learn of the
death at Los Gatos yesterday of Frank G.
Hume, son of Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hume of
Piedmont. Mr. Hume succumbed to menin
gitis.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday de
cided to sit next Wednesday at I*o a. m ' as a
committee of the whole to take testimony pre
liminary to fixing water rates for the ensuing
fiscal year.
A former member of the Canadian mounted
police failed to identify Butler, the Australian
suspect, as Ashe, formerly of Troop B at
Regina. Tho theory is thai Butier assumed
Ashe's name.
The Valley road will receive suggestions as
to names of new stations, and Division Super
intendent McFarland will soon remove to
Fresno to take charge of the work on the
•hafcersfield extension. - r «■-..'_- •_.-'■-
Taylor Rogers will deliver a lecture to-mor
row evening at the Turk-street Temple under
the auspices of Liberty Branch, Socialist Labor !
party, on the "Economics of the Sermon on i
the Mount." Seats are free.
At a meeting of the Fillmore-?treet Club last
Jight complaints were made regarding the
had condition of Bush street at its junction
with Fillmore, and also with tne bad condi
tion of the sidewalk on block 357, owned by C.
■*-• Butters. •.•'.'.,•,
'1 be committee having in charge the general i
horticultural exhibition at Hamburg, Ger-
) h>', this year, desires to have Golden Gate
ark exhibited there in model, in a special
funding where the great parks of the world
"1 be comparatively studied by Europeans,
The hearing on the application for extradi
'->- in the case of Butler, the alleged multl
iurderer, was resumed before Commissioner
Heacock yesterday and continued, after some
evidence had been taken, until Wednesday at j
_> P. M. The aitorncvs for the deiense pre- |
sented certain objections against the jurisdic- I
tion of the court, which were disregarded. .
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 4.V. .furniture moved reasonably.'
TO CARRY COD IN
LIEU OF WHALES
The Old Herriman Changed
From a Bark Into a
Barkentine.
Another Whaler Has Been
Turned Into "an Otter Hunt
ing Schooner.
Many People on the Front Yesterday
Mistook tbe Olivebank for
the Swanhilda.
The British ship Olivebank, in which i
Butler, the man accused of murdering Lee j
Weller and Arthur Preston, served as an J
A. B. under the name of Robert Ashe, '
made the prettiest picture in tho bay yes
terday. "While battling with adver.-e
winds outride Captain Petrie had no op
portunity to dry any of his sails, so yes
terday when the barometer was steadily
: rising and all the indications were for line
weather the canvas was spread to the
I northerly breeze, and before nightfall
! nearly ail tbe sails were dried. Many
people watched the vessel from Clay- j
i street wharf and not a few took her to be '
j the Swanhilda, and some went so far as to
I point out the particular mast to which
| Butler was assigned when the call lor "All
hands" came on a stormy night.
The Olivebank has a cargo of coal con
| signed to Balfour, Guthrie & Co., and
! after discharging will probably tie up in
i Richardsons Bay to await better times in
j the wheat trade.
The old whaling bark Emma F. Herri
i man will never go to the Arctic in chase
jof the leviathan of the deep again. She
! bad an eventful career, and made money
,' for owners both in New Bedford and
San Francisco. A year or so ago J. A.
Ma^ee, the managing owner, withdrew
her from the business and a lew months
ago sold her to the North American Trad
ing Company. Now the old timer is being
; cut down and transformed into a barken
tine for the cod-carrying trade. Formerly
she was a two-decker, but all the upper
works are being removed, and when the
ola whalers who made their home in her
year after year see her again they will not
know the new Emma F. Herriman. She
will lie low in the water, and altogether
will present as trim an appearance as any
barkentine in port.
The same company has also purchased
the whaling schooner Jane Gray and will
send her to Alaska on an otter hunting
expedition. Captain N. Hodgson will take
her to either Sand Point or Sitka and there
ship an Indian crew, after which a cruise
as far north as Copper Island will be in
order.
The sealing schooner Rattler i. not
meeting with very gocd luck. Since sbe
left here, several weeks ago, there have j
only be.-n two days on which there was an |
opportunity to lower the boats and only j
thirty-eight skins have been taken, af
though thousands of the seals were seen l
daily. Last week one of the boat-steerers j
was taken sick and the vessel had to put !
in to Monterey Bay. As he was unable j
to proceed, the captain had to land him !
and ship another man. No time was lost, '
and the schooner is now following the
herd up the coast.
The members of the Committee on Com- I
merce and Navigation were tbe guests of I
the Harbor Commissioners yesterday. !
They went for a ride around the bay on
the State tug Governor Markham, and in- i
spected the water front and the work in
progress on the ferry building. After as
certaining the needs of the seaport the
steamer was headed for San _|uentin. and j
tue rest of the day was spent in enjoying '■
the hospitality of Warden Hale. Presi- i
dent Coition of the Harbor Commission \
did not go any further than Lombard- !
street wharf with the party.
The bark Andrew Welch, that sailed
yesterday for Honolulu, took away an '
unusually heavy cargo. Captain Drew is j
a general favorite, so no one was sur
; prised when his list showed that there
| were twelve passengers aboard. There I
■ was a big deckload of horses, mules and
I hogs; so there will not be much room in
which to move around should tbe weather
prove rough.
The ship Elwell drifted down on the ■
cable last Saturday during the south- |
caster. When the wind changed yester
day the captain raised his anchor ana i
the tide carried him back to almost his j
old anchorage. That is one instance |
where wind and weather saved expenses. |
The ship Oriental, that made the re
markable run of four dav3 and eight hours
from here to Departure Bay. is now on her
way back to San Francisco. She was de
layed at the mines nine days and her
chances of breaking the record for a
round trip are therefore gone.
The revenue cutter Hartley, while
bound from Hunters Point to the barge
office yesterday afternoon, broke her shaft
when about off Howard-street wharf. She
was picked up by the United States steam
er George Sternberg and towed to her i
wharf.
WITH A LONG KNIFE.
George McWilliams, a Prisoner in the
City Jail, Cut His Throat.
George McWilliams, an it mate of the
City Prison, attempted suicide yesterday
morning by cutting bis throat. The un
fortunate man has recently shown signs
of softening of the brain, and Captain
Robinson, in charge of the jail, allowed
his prisoner many privileges not usually
grunted, hoping to make his lot more
bearable.
Mc Williams came to this City from his
Arizona home over a week ago. He then
had in charge a bunch of cattle con
signed to James McDerraott, the whole
sale batcher. He stopped at the Ahlborn
Honse and while under the influence of
liquor he created a disturbance. His ar
rest followed, and yesterday he paid a line
of $.0 in the Police Court.
it was so evident that the man was
mentally wrong that Captain Robinson
detained him in the prison waiting night
time, when Mr. McDermott was to come
for him. In the meantime, as McWil
liams nad refused all food for nearly a
week, the captain put him in charge of a
trusty, who was ordered to feed the man
with a bowl of soup in the kitchen.
It was while the soup was being pre
pared for him that McWilliams seized a
carving-knife and jabbed it into his throat,
severing the windpipe and an artery.
The prisoner fought desperately to com
plete his work, and four men found it a
difficult task to wrest the knife from his
grasp. •
Dr. Bunnell of the City Receiving Hos
pital sewed up the wounds, but there is
little hope of the man's recovery.
Success Due to Scientific Methods.
The Apenta Hungarian Aperient Water, drawn
from spring*, near Kniia Peat, is, as the analysis
made by various authorities show, a superior
laxative water, and, us It has been exploited un
der eminent scientific control. it has secured the
support of the medical profession, so much so
that It Is employed In the hospitals of almost
every Important city In the country. Among the
many leading Institutions which may I.c named
are the Bel evue Hospital, Post-Graduate Hos
pital and Polyclinic Hospital, New YorK City; the
Massachusetts General Hospital and City Hos
pital. Boston; Cook County (Chicago) Hospital,
St Louis City Hospital, Hen Orleans Charity Hos
pital and tbe City ana County Hospital, San Pran
cisco.
THE SAX JfKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1897.
The British Ship Olivebank as She Appeared From Clay-Street Wharf Yesterday. Many People
Mistook Her for the Swanhilda, and Some Even "Went So Far as to Point Out the
Particular Mast to Which Murderer Butler Was Assigned for Duty When the Call for
"AU Hands " Came. '
MASS-MEETING IN
FAVOR OF BAKERS
Big Gathering at Turk-
Street Temple Last
Evening.
___________________
Resolutions Adopted Denouncing
Opponents of Labor
Measures.
Those Present Urged to Organize for
Political Purposes Before
Election.
Several hundred laboring men answered
the call for a mass-meeting at the Turk
street Temple last evening to protest
against the efforts that are being made to
defeat two bills now before the Legis
lature that are intended to improve the
condition of the bakers.
The majority of those present seemed to
be members of the Socialist Labor party,
from the applause that frequently greeted
the mention of the name of that organiza
tion, and the speakers devoted considera
ble time to pressing the claims of the
party.
The gathering was presided over by G.
Ross Martin, who stated the object of the
meeting and said it was high time that
the labor unions protested against the
course that was being pursued by the
Manufacturers' and Employers' Associa
tion in attempting to defeat bills that
could be nothing if nor advantageous to
the working bakers.
The bills provide for the appointment
of a bakery inspector, who shall be a jour- \
neyman baker, and fix the day's labor at
ten hours, with overtime for anything in
excess of that.
R. A. Copeiand read a circular letter
sent out to business men and manufac
turers by the Manufacturers' and Em
ployers' Association asking them to write
to the representatives at Sacramento from
their districts to vote against the bills.
The chairman then read the following
resolutions, which were adopted unani
mously:
[ Whereas. There are now pending before the
i State Legislature two bills contemplating re
j flectively: (a)The enforcement of c.rtain pro
i posed sanitary regulations relative to bake-
I houses and (6) reduction of the number of
I hours per day which journeyman bakers are
| to be employed, all time over ten hours to be
regarded as overtime and to be paid at a
higher rate than that of the proposed legal
workday as provided in the bill; and wherea«,
in reference to th.> bid relating to the
sanitary regulation of bakeshops the measure
is wholly practicable and necessary to the
good health of the community; and that the
bill relative to the number of hours consti
tuting a day's labor in bakehouses is com
mendable for its humanitarian purpose and
calculated to raise the moral tone and increase
the material wellbeing of a lerge body of citi
zens who in no small degree contribute,
! through their purchasing power, to the indus-
I trial aud commercial interests of the Slate;
and whereas, a non-progressive body of men
known as "The Board of Manufacturers and
• Employers of California," as greedy and grasp
ing as they are shortsighted and mean-suirited,
have issued on the 28th of January last a cir
cular letter calling upon all employers in tho
State to write to the Senators and Assembly
men of their respective districs, urging them
to oppose and vote against the aforesaid bills;
and whereas, the said circular letter is not
only misleading, but false in statement and
narration of particulars, unit a credit only to
the narrow and contemptible commercial
spirit which dictated its contents; therefore
be it
Mesoleed, That having heard the reading of
such circular letter, and fully understanding i
Its spirit and purport, we, the citizens of San
1 Francisco in mass-meeting assembled, do ■
hereby denounce tne underhanded manner in
which 'he organization known as the Board
of Manulacturers and Employers of California
has undertaken to defeat the will of the peo
ple by secret special appeals to the representa
tives of the people in legislative session as
sembled; and belt further
Resolved, That while we indorse tho interest !
and provisions of the afore-mentioned bill j
we, upon moral and political grounds, wholly
disapprove of the practice of sending delega- !
dona, (rem whatever source, to legislative
bodies for the purpose of "lobbying" in the in
terest of any class, bill or measure whatsoever,
as being contrary to the genius of a repre
sentative form of government, believing that
if the individual voters nave not done their
duly at the polls the consequence of the
ignorance and negligence should fall upon
their heads without the interference of med
dlesome delegations and letter-writers that
Interfere with representatives without the j
sanction of the general body of electors.
The speakers of the evening were M. W. |
Wilkins of the Typographical Union, H. |
Warnecke of the Cigar-makers' Union,
Leo Gasser and Theodore Lynch, secre
tary of the Trades and Labor Alliance. I
.All delivered strong addresses on the sub- j
ject of tbe bills mentioned, and urged |
their hearers to organize before the next !
general election so that representatives in
Congress and tbe State Legislature m.-.y j
be elected who will b<* friendly to the in
terests of labor. Their speeches were re- j
ceived with frequent and hearty applause. I
DBAWING TWO SALARIES*
Teachers Whose Emolument* Are At
tracting Director Waller's Attention.
School Director Waller is inquiring into
the payment of two salaries to teachers.
Other persons, whose names are not given
have aiso addressed Auditor Broderick on
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
I the same subject, but this is a matter with
which the Auditor has nothing to do.
! The teachers who draw more than one sal
: ary are as. follow- :
R. I). Faulkner, principal of Franklin
Grammar School, 17... and as teacher in
evening school $50; U. Sturues. vice-principal
of Horace Mann School. $125, and evening
school SSO; T. 11. McCarthy, vice-principal of
Washington Grammar School. $125, and Rich
j mond evening school $50; K. E. Eldridee,
manual training at large $100, and $50 for
evening school; G. Bates, teacher In Franklin
Evening School, $50, and High School class
$75; Miss P. M. Welch, Washington Grammar
School, $100, and secretary of Board of Exam
ination $25.
THOUSANDS AT STAKE.
, Mayor Phelan Say-, the Jones Bill May
Cost the City J. urge Sums for Fees.
Mayor Phelan and Chief Crowley will
confer. Mayor Thelan has a matter on
hand which he considers of prime im
portance and it is very likely that he will
call upon the Chief of Police to-day. He
thinks he has discovered, in what seems
; on the face of it a comparatively harmless
measure, the possibility of an addition of
$60,000 per annum to the expenses of this
City and County without any correspond
ing benefit. This measure is known as
the Jones bill and its purpose is declared
to bo to make the Police Courts of this
City and County courts of record.
The difference between courts of record
and those that are not courts of record or
i one difference at least, is that the former
| can pay jurors for their services. So
> Mayor Phelan finds a connection between
j turning the Police Courts into courts of
record and the provisions of another law
j which gives courts of record power to pay
jurors.
"The Jones bill looks innocent enough,"
said Mayor .Phelan, "but I am satisfied
that if it shall pass it will be possible to
add $5000 per month to the City and
County's expense bill lor jurors' fees. I
have written to Senator Mahoney about
the matter, which I consider one of great
importance."
THOMAS MAGEE TO WED
The Well-Kiown Real Estate
Man Engaged to Miss Helen
Curtis
For Weeks Past the Interested Par
ties Have Kept Their Engage
ment a Secret.
Thomas Magee, tho well-known real
estate man. is to wed Miss Helen Carlton
I Curtis. For the past few weeks there
! have been rumors of the approaching
i marriage. The secret was, however, too
j good to keep, and yesterday the prospec-
I tive bride sent out little notes to her most
I intimate friends, in which she made pub-
I lie tbe pleasant news.
Miss Curtis is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs.. James Marvin Curtis, and the sister
; of Mr-. C. D. '.'Sullivan and Mrs. Cowles.
For the last few years the yonng lady
! has been most popular in her large circle
j of friends, who appreciate her on account
of her charming disposition and many
talents.
Miss Curtis was educated in this City,
but has enjoyed the advantage of an ex
tended European visit. She is an all
round accomplished girl, and excels par
ticularly as a pianist.
In appearance she is tall and slender
and has expressive deep gray eyes, wavy
dark hair and regular features.
Thomas Magee, the happy groom, is
one of the most prominent business men
of this community.
No arrangements have as yet been made
for the weddlne, which is not to take
place for several months.
TWO ACCIDENTS.
A Sergeant Injured nt Drill— Narrow Es
cape of a Wagonload of Soldiers.
Daring oompany drill on the Presidio
parade ground yesterday Sergeant Davis
of Battery C was thrown from his horse
and had one of his shoulders dislocated.
Yesterday afternoon after the tiring of
I the first shot of the test of the 10 -inch
j breech-loading rifle at Fort Point fourteen
! men, who hud been handling the gun
| were ordered to fall in and proceed to the
Presidio Barracks for dinner. After leav
ing the firing ground the men got into one
of Uncle Sam's wagons drawn by four
mules. While making a turn in the road
the animals became fractious, and the
driver being unable to control them gave
a warning cry and the men jumped out of
the vehicle and the driver lett his seat. A
moment after the vehicle turned over an
, embankment and rolled down a long
! slope, the mules keeping comrany with
. it. When the outfit reached the bottom
the leaders broke away and ran to the
I post stables. The other animals were res
cued, but the wagon "was a wreck. None
of the men were injured.
A. P. More .Estate Litigation
Mrs Martha More Law, George S. Edwards,
assignee ot Mrs. Law, Thomas K. More and
Mary D. More have petitioned Judge Coffey to
appoint H. Clifford More administrator of the
estate of A. I*. More, deceased. The litigation
in tills estate has been going on for several
years, much to the annoyance of all the parties
in interest. An earnest effort to secure a set
tlement of the estate's tangled- affairs is now
being put forth.
Commission Merchants Accused.
W. L. Knott has sued Wolf __. Sons 0 321
Davis street for $1500, said to be due on ac
count of a deal in potatoes. Knott accuses the
defendants of having Jailed to keep proper
accounts in regard to potatoes shipped to them
as commission merchants.
IN A AND DUNE
THE MONEY GREW
Then Mrs. Mahala Robin
son's Property Went
to Others.
Fraud Is Charged Against
Rachel Macdougal and
Helen Hudgin.
It Is Alleged That They Took Ad
vantage of an 0!d Woman's
Loss of Mind.
Judge Slack is hearing testimony in the
litigation whereby Mahala F. Robinson
seeks to regain possession of valuable real
estate at the corner of O'Farrell and Tay
lor streets in this City.
Miss Ina E. Russell, a niece and guar
dian of Mrs. Robinson, instituted the pro
j ceedings against Rachel A. Macdougal
! and against Helen £. and John Hudgin,
: alleging that the defendants secured deeds
' to the real estate by imposing on Mrs.Rob
inson, who is said to be so old and feeble
minded that she was not competent to
transact business at the time the pre
tended transfer of the land was made.
Mrs. Robinson's history supplies an
other illustration of the ease with which
persons may become wealthy in a growing
city by purchasing corner lots and hold
ing them for rise in value. In early days
Mrs. Robinson was a domestic employed
in the family of Daniel F. Norcross. She
saved her wanes, and after accumulating
a snug sum bought a sand dune at the
spot wnich is now known as the corner of
O'Farrell and Taylor streets. Subse
quently she secured a tenant, began to
build, until now her improvements on the
land are worth about $15,000 and tee real
estate is valued at not less than $25,000,
yielding a revenue of about $300 a month.
Miss Russell alleges that the defendants,
Mr.. Macdougal and Mrs. Hudgin, de
ceived Mrs. Robinson ana induced her to
sign deeds conveying to said defendants
the title for the property in dispute, the
consideration mentioned in each case
being $10*
It is in evidence that the ostensible pur
chasers were not so exacting as they
might have been, however, for they per
mitted the old lady to occupy one of the
cottages that she formerly occupied,
charging her only $1 a year for tbe privi
lege.
Mis. Russell testified that her aunt,
Mrs. Robinson, is so old and decrepit tbat
she has altogether lost her memory. After
ncr nearest friend has been absent from
the house an hour the old lady cannot
recollect tbe name of the friend, though
she may not have altogether forgotten the
person.
No explanation has been made ofthe
manner in which Mr . Macdougal and
Mrs. Hudgin induced Mrs. Robinson to
sign the deeds, though Miss Russell im
plies that they exerted undue influence on
the old lady during the last sickness of
her husband. Mrs. Hudgin is a teacher
and leader in Christian Science circles
and Mrs. Macdougal is one of her disci
ples. The ministrations of tbe Christian
Scientists were not efficient in saving the
life of Mrs. Robinson's husband, but this
factdid not shake tbe old lady's faith, as
is shown by her conveyance of her prop
erty to them.
Dr. Henry D. Wright, Thomas Downey,
Catherine E. Fuller and George L. Tilden
testified to tbe fact that Mrs. Robinson
has been feeble-minded for a long time.
Mr. Tilden said that when Mrs. Robin
son's husband died she complained to
him that she hadn't money enough to
bury him with, though she was at that
moment the possessor of thousands of
dollars' worth of property and in the re
ceipt of a constant cash income from the
rent of her building-. He knew this
property belonged to her, as it was her
own separate property, purchased with
money earned beiore her marriage, and
the title always stood in her name.
The defendants will be called on to-day
to give their side of the case and to ex
plain how they got tho deeds to the prop
erty. ______________________________________________
Country Club Hound...
The secretary of the Burllngaroe Country
Club announces that the San Mateo bounds
will meet on Saturday, the 13th Inst, at
4 P. m. at the Spanish town and Crystal Springs
cross roads. Lovers of the sport are invited
to attend.
SEW TO-DAT.
i!ii;sri!..i..i.;i!.
Successors to HIRSH, KAHN <S_ CO.,
Opticians anil Photo Supplies !
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building;.
UNEQUALED FACILITIES FOR
PROPERLY FITTING GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacilic Coast. '
ECHOES OF THE
COAST DEFENSE
Testing a Ten - Inch Gun
on a Disappearirg Car
riage. ,
The Manner in Which a Thirty-
Ton Piece of Ordnance Is
Loaded.
What It Costs to Fire the Variou.
Kind? of Guns That Are Now
Being Mounted For Uncle Sam.
The echoes of the big 10-inch rifled
gun, which has been recently mounted on
the bluff south of Fort Winfield Scott,
were heard for miles around yesterday
afternoon. .
This gun, which Is mounted on a disap
pearing carriage, is the first of its kind
ever mounted on this coast, and is the
lirst ever tested here. The test yesterday
was for powder and for the purpose of see
ms: how the machinery that causes the
"long black monster" to drop down below
the level of the pit on which it is mounted
would work.
The first test was noted by Colonel W.
R. Shatter, Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel B.
If. Young, a large number of officers from
tho Presidio and quite a number of citi
zens.
The gun, which weighs 67.110 pounds,
or uearly thirty tons, is on an immense re
volving carriage to permit the training of
the piece in any direction. On this car
riage are two very heavy levers, on which
the gun rests. When they are elevated
the piece is above the upper edge of the
pit, and when a shot is fired the recoil
forces these down and brings the breech
of the gun to the level of the loading plat
form. As the gun descends four steel '■
clamps drop against Tachets and hold the
gun to the level at which it dropped until
they are released, and then a counter
weight heavier than the gun sinks and
brings the rifle to the firing position. The
machinery works with the exactness of
c.'ockworlc and is a marvel of mechanical
ingenuity.
The projectiles used are long and coni
cal-shaped, and weigh 5G2 pounds; the
charges of powder used yesterday varied
from 162 to 280 pounds. The gun can, by
an auxiliary device, be dropped by
manual force. This was done yesterday for
the first charges.
The loading of a big gun is an interest
ing process. Two ol the gunners roll the
projectile to a point almost under the gun
which has the oreech block open; there it
is rolled into an iron scoop. This is taken
up by block and tackle attached to a
running crane, and by means of a crank
roller the projectile is raised to the level
of the opening in the breech, carefully
pushed into it ana then rammed home by
eight gunners using a very long rammer.
The first test yesterday was with 162
pounds of powder. There was a loud
report, a great volume of smoke, and more
than a mile away the spray climbed high
in the air to show where the shot had
struck the water.
In the meantime, the big gun by the
force of the recoil, dropped, but the
clutches not working with the precision
expected, the gun returned to its high
position.
The next test was with 250 pounds of
powder, and that was more satisfactory,
although the gun had to be lowered by
band.
The third was with 280 pounds ol pow
der, and. the recoil being greater, the
mechanism worked better, but the success
of the disappearing apparatus will not be
determined until further tests are made.
The cost of tiring big guns is no small
item, as appears from the following from
a report from the oflice of the Secretary of
War: "It costs for powder and projectiles
alone: To tire one round from the eight
inch B. L. rifle. $164 55; ten-inch B. L.
rifle, $322 40; twelve-inch B. L. rifle,
$561 70; twelve-inch B. L. mortar. $219 65;
eight-inch pneumatic gun, $280; fifteen
inch pneumatic gun, $650."
According to these figures the tests yes
terday cost the Government $967 20.
AN IMPOSTOR WANTED.
A Man With .\ ii*n Legs Who Has
Been obtaining Subscriptions.
Chief Crowley was notified yesterday
that a man who is going around the City
soliciting subscriptions for the Ban Fran
cisco News Company is an impostor, and
suggesting that he should be placed un
der arrest.
The man has two wooden legs and gives
the name of B. W. Wilson. He obtained
a subscription for a magazine from Mrs.
T. Hoeckeie, grocery, Duncan and
Sanchez streets, about two months ago,
and told her the news company had prom
NEW TO-DAY.
A grocer that sells Schil-
ling s Best tea and is glad
to sell it is a good grocer
so far as tea goes.
He sells you the best he
can find for the money, and
he returns your money ii
you don't like the tea.
A Schilling & Company
"• San Front. *■.<-<-» ...»
KEW TO-D AY— AMUSEMENTS.'
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
Mb_i._-.b_.ic_._-i.n-i_ Khkt.w .. Proprietor & Manager
m TO-N IGHT
J- as- AT 8 Jf%
OUR UP-TO-DATE KXTKAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
GREAT~CAST!
NOVEL SPECIALTIES!
The Cleopatra Ballet!
Dance of Household Divinities!
The Latest Sensation.
"La Dans o dcs Fleurs Klectriques!"
PoDula- Prices 25e «\<-v. .'..
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING. IS9o-'97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.'
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Frid.iy and baturday.
Kalnor _hine. .
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start ac 8:15 P. M. Sharp .
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 19 ___. aal
12:30. 1.00, 1:80, 2:00, 2:30 ond 3p. m.. connect-
Ins wim trains stopping at the entrance to tract.
•Buy jour ferry tickets to _ hell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave tbe Track at 4:15 anl
4:46 r. xt. and Immediately after the last race. ' '
*. « S?, M A S H. WILLIAMS Jit, Fre_ldenu
R. li. __Ul__OY, Secretary.
kew to-dat:
A Little Child
With a Little Cold.
That's all!
What of it?
! Little colds when neglected
grow to large diseases and
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
CURES COLDS.
.
ised him a pair of new wooden legs if he
got 1000 subscription..
The company, in its complaint to the
Chief, stated that Wilson has obtained
numerous subscriptions for different pub
lications and has been evidently doing a
big business.
SECRETARY KANE ARRESTED.
A Charge of Battery Preferred Against
Dim by W. A. Lighthall.
Another phase of the fight to obtain
possession of the little girl who was taken
by Secretary Kane of the Pacific Coast
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children from Mrs. Holstrom on February
1, developed yesterday. W. A. Lighthall,
Mrs. Holstrom's father, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Campbell's court for the
arrest of Secretary Kane on the charge of
battery.
The complaining witness alleges that on
February 1, when Kane forcibly loot
possession of the child, he committed
battery upon him and used language un
becoming and officer.
Kane was arrested, but was immediately
released on his own recognizance by Judge
Campbell.
KEW AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHTI TQ-NIGHTI
The Musical Event of tho Season!——
MLLE.
..: TREBELLI.
The Famous Prima Donna Soprano,
AT THE
—CALIFORNIA THEATER!—
ASSISTED BY
Gustav Hinrichs' Symphony Orchestra!
PROGRAMME:
1. Prelude, ■•Hansel an i Gretel" Humperdlnk
2. Cavatlua from '•Semlraniide," -'Bel Raggio '
Rossini
MLLK. TREBELLI.
8. "Suite Alesienne" Bizet
(a) Prelude, fb) Einnet. fr.) Adagietto.
fit) Carillon.
4. Song, "Lo, Hear the Gentle Lark" Bishop
With Flute Obligato.
MLLE. TREBELLI.
In honor of the one hundredth anniversary of
Schubert's birthday, born January 31, 1797.
. fa) Entr'acte.'-Uosamuride"! __ . _.
_". fb) -Moment Musicale" J Schubert
6. "Aid de Salome," from -'HeroJlade," 31 est
dou_, 11 e.«t bon Massenet
MLLK. TREBELLI.
; 7. "Danse Macabre" Salnt-Saens
I 8. Solveig's Song from Ibs.n's "Peer Gym"...Grlegr
MLLK. TKEBKLLL
9. Balle: Muslctrom • -.akmt" *...Dellbes
?fe_^@)^t.
TO^J__«)TTIQD. o- uSt.An3runA.m_-
"WOT, I Tell I"
"Yes," tell everybody.
Only once in a liietlme
Does one see a play,
Company and an aciorlike
CHARLES HOPPER**
e-^Jl\\A^cM&7i/
I A really great creation.
I | The entire original company.
The entire original company.
I The same faultless stage effects.
I Only Matinee Saturday.
Seats now oi sale for both weeks.
EXT ATTRACTION—FANNY RICE.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AL Ha yuan .fc (Jo. (Incorporated) Proprte;o:i
Two Weeks—Every Evening Including Sun-
day. Mat. Sat. Commencing To-night.
Thk eminent actor, MH.
LOUIS J__3k_ ISO. -ESS
Supported by Guy Llndlev, Alma Kruger aDd a
superior company, under the management of
■ agenhals & Kemper.
ALL THIS WEEK
SFARTAOUS
A Magnificent Scenic Revival of Dr. Bird's
Famous Prize Play.
A Carload of Special Scenery.
Fifty People on the Stage.
SECOND WEEK—"My Lord and Some Lames"
(the first time In ban Francisco); "Hamlet" and
"Othello."
ALCAZAR 1 WAS DELIGHTED
W-fa.W_**l_**__l***_l_ I LAST NICMT 1
B I .CAUSE WE AGAIN
PRESENTED THE BEST!
"THE
PROFESSOR!"
Gillette's Funniest Comedy.
Pc Sure and Come To-night and See It!
The Professor's Specimens are the Talk of the City
THJS SCENERY IS NEW!
THE ACTING IS ARTISTIC!
J. B. POLK and the Entire Alcazar Company.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for Seats— Black 991
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO... SoIe Lessee and M___{a.-
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Sensational Comedy-Drama,
"A MILE A MINUTE!"
In Which an Engine and Tender Dash Across
the stage at Full Speed.
First Appearance of the _*H_B_T__C QUARTET.
SONGS! DANCES! SPECIALTIES!
Ftenlni Prices—loc. _..o and "At.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
First Time Here of
ARA, ZELKA AND VORA.
Equilibrists and Pedepalists, and JOHN and
BERTHA GLEASON, Novelty Dancers,
Tremendous Success nf
GUIIjIi _B.
WARD and CUhRAN, BESSIE CLAYTON, THE
FRANTZ FAMILY and Novelties without end.
Reserved seats. -MC; .balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats. 50c.
Concerts Dy the Royal Hnnearlan Court Or-
chestra immediately alter the evening perform-
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
THE CHUTES.
every afternoon and evening.
HAGIHARA Japanese ACROBATS, ohd-
WAY. the ANIMATOSCOPK and a Host of At-
tractions at night. Admission, 10=: Children, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
Opeu Daily Prom 7A. ._.. to 6 P. M. -
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission—
35c. Children _Oc.
, General AU___.is_.ion_ 10c. Children, fie.
' -.7"4S____!«_B_l___ J,,~..
78
BUTLER'S COUNSEL QUESTION
THE COURT'S JURISDICTION
Second Day of the Extradition Proceedings Involving
the Australian Suspect Before Commis
sioner Heacock. .
TECHNICAL POINTS ARE
OVERRULED.
The Alleged Murderer Sat Stol
idly Indifferent Through
cut the Day.
C3NTIKUANCE OF TH?, CASE TO
TO-MORROW.
Ccnsu'-G.neral Warburlon, Sergesnt
Banner a .d Captain McAllister
Called to Testify
The alleged murderer, Butler, or Ashe,
as he is now generally termed, again ap
peared before Commissioner Heacock, sit
ting in the United States Circuit Court,
yesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock, when
the hearing of the warrant and pica
tion for the extradition of the prisoner
was resumed. The principal witnesses ex
amined yesterday morning and afternoon
were Sergeant Bunner, the British Consul-
General, J. W. Warburton, and Captain
McAllister of the ship Langdale, whose
testimony edited much cf interest to the
sum of information which has already ob
tained publicity through the newspapers.
The attorneys for the defense presented
a demurrer, setting forth certain objec
tions to the jurisdiction of the court, in
reply to which Commissioner Heacock
read bis certificate of authorization in ex
tradition proceedings of this nature. At
the close of Captain McAllister's test)
mony yesterday afternoon an adjourn
ment was made by consent until 2 o'clock
on Wednesday.
Another litrge crowd assembled in the
corridors of the Appraiser's building some
time before the hour set for the continu
ance of the hearing, and many privileged
persons were admitted during the interval
to inspect the prisoner, as he smoked his
perennial cigar, in a room adjoining Mar
shal Baldwin's office. The prisoner had
been transferred thither in a hack from
the City Fri. on at 9 o'clock in the custody
of the Marshal and Deputy Gallagher.
For upward of an hour Ashe sustained
the scrutiny of the curious with perfect
equanimity, being further reassured, no
doubt, by the reflection that his personal
appearance was quite above reproach. He
wore his new store suit of navy blue and
cle/o negligee shirt, and had evidently
been recently snaved. On the whole, in
fact, his confinement and treatment seem
to have agreed with him.
The moment the door of the Marshal's
office was thrown open and the prisoner
appeared beiween Sergeant Bunner and
Deputy Marshal Gallagher, the crowd
stampeded in the direction of the court
room across the way, but on this occasion '
the rules were strictly enforced and no j
more were admitted than could be com- |
fortably accommodated in the space pro
vided for spectators. Several ladies occu- i
pied seats in the jury-box. and others of
the fairer sex were conspicuous in the :
foremost row of chairs behind the rail. In j
other respects the assemblage was of the I
nondescript order, though there was a ;
respectable sprinkling of professional j
gentlemen present. Captain Fraser of the !
ship Swanhilda was also an interested
witness of the proceedings throughout.
Meanwhile the attorneys on both sides, !
Messrs. Cormac & Donohoe for the ap
p;ication and .Messrs. Stone, Pidwell and
A. L. Black for the prisoner, took their
seat--; Consul-General Warburton eat next
to Mr. Cormac and the Australian detec
tive, Roche, immediately behind him. |
Constable Conroy was also In court,
tnough not again called upon to give evi
dence. McHat'.ie, however, was not pres
ent. The prisoner was provided with a
seat between the tables allotted to the
counsel and reporters, being guarded on
either hand by Sergeant Bunner and the
Deputy Marshal. He seemed outwardly
calm, though to the careful scrutinizer
that very assumption of indifference may
have appeared somewhat exaggerated.
His chin was supported by his right hand
and he gazed steadily in front of him for
the most part, paying no attention what
ever to the artists who were busily en
gaged in sketching his features.
The Commissioner having entered, At
torney Stone rose to notify him of the as- j
sociation in the defence of Attorneys !
Black and Learning. He went on to say i
that he and his colleagues wished the ]
court to afford them every possible ad- *
vantage, and to give the prisoner the
benefit of every doubt. Public opinion
was decidedly against the Iprisoner, and
this being a legal tribunal, he wished it to
bold the prisoner presumptively inno
cent, though the public presumption was
that he was guilty. Mr. Stone intimated
in conclusion that the defense would have
certain 'objections to introduce at an
early date.
The court observed that he understood 1
the case to be as any other in which the
Commissioner sat as a committing magis
trate. The first point to be considered by
him was as to whether any public offense
had been committed; secondly, was the
defendant guilty thereof, and it the court
found that a public offense had been com
mitted and that there was probable cause
to believe defendant guilty thereof, the
law would then hold him for extradition.
Attorney Cormac formally pointed out
that there were extradition proceedings
under the treaty of 1842 and a later one of
1889 between the Governments of the
United States and- Great Britain lor the
delivery of the defendant, whose aliases
he enumerated, accused of two murders
in the colony of New South Wales. The
particular offense the prosecution was
taking up now was the murder of Captain
Dee Weller on October 31, 1890. The pro
ceedings were based upon Consul-General
Warburton's complaint, duly filed at this
port, which, with the court's permission
be would read. *
The court confessed himself willing to
waive the ceremony, while the defense
observed that they were already familiar
with it. In the absence of any definite
objection, however, Attorney v (iormac
proceeded to read the document in ques
tion, which has already appeared in these
columns. He also read the Marshal's re
turn on the warrant with the consent of
the court.
Attorney Stone—lt is expedient at this
juncture, in defense of the prisoner, to
ffer certain objections to the character oi
ibis court. They are in the following
form: ,
In the matter of the application for the extra
ction of Frank Uar-vood, otherwise called
5. Burgess, otherwise called Butler, otherwise
.ailed Sampson, otherwise called Clare, other
wise called Lee Weller, under the treaty be
tween the United Kates and Great Britain,
concluded August 9. 1842: ■ ■*,_.
Comes now the prisoner by his attorneys,
Leonard Stone, John T. I', dwell and Black &
-teaming, and objects and demurs to further
.
proceedings in this behalf upon the following
grounds:
First— That the jurisdiction of this tribunal
has not been properly invoked.
Second— That this tribunal has no jurisdic
tion over tbe person of the prisoner.
Third— this tribunal has no jurisdiction
over the subject matter of this proceeding.
Fourth — at the complaint dres not state
facts sufficient to constitute an extradictable
offense under any treaty between Great Brit
ain and the United states and especially under
the treaty now in force.
Fifth— That the prisoner is deprived of his
liberty without due process of law, contrary
to and in violation of the provisions of the
fifth aud fourteenth amendments to the con
stitution of the United States.
Sixth— That the proceeding herein is unau
thorized and contrary to the terms of the
treaty relations between Great Britain and
the United States as set forth in the treaty
now in force under date of July 15, 1889.
As the above objections, he continued,
were such as might be raised at any stage
of the proceedings they did not care to
enter further into the matter at the mo
ment. It might, however, assist in estab
lishing the relevancy of evidence which
they proposed to produce.
The court, replying to the objection as
to jurisdiction and authority, said that a
stciion of the Federal procedure provided
for a case of th* present nature and em
powered the Commissioner to make an
order to subpena witnesses at the expense
of the Government. He also real his
specific authority granted by Judge Mor
row, January 5. 1897, in the District
Court, under which he was now hearing
evidence a-- to criminality, etc.
After some further technical discussion
on the part of counsel relative to these ob
jections Attorney Stone said that the de
j fense might present the same with addi-
I tional force as the case developed, where
j upon Attorney Cormac called Serjeant
Bunner to the stand.
Mr. Block desired to have it entered on
the record that the taking of evidence
was incompetent, specifically on the
ground that the complaint set forth no
extraditable offense under the treaty of
1842, as modified by the convention of
»'*. He contended that the complaint
■ contained no sufficiently accurate charge
to make the offense one under common
j law, according to the terms of which the
court must proceed.
Tho court Objection overruled.
Mr. Stone — Exception taken.
| The witness then deposed as follows:
He was a sergeant of police and a D.-puty
Marshal and resided in the City and
County of San Francisco. He had a writ
ten permission irom the Marshal. (Pro
duced, examined and read.) He was in
the police station at the loot of Tavlor
street at 4 o'clock on the morning of Feb
ruary 2, 1897, when he had in his posses
sion a warrant. Con ole Conrov called
him about 4:30 or 5 o'clock, telling him
that tho Swanhilda was outside. He then
cot up, and accompanied by Detectives
Siivey, Roche and McHaitie went down
along the wharf. " Tney staved there fif
teen or twenty minutes listening for sig
nals, but received none from the towboat.
After a while Officers Ferguson and Con
roy called his attention to a flash of light
wuereupon they went aboard the revenue
cutter Hartley and proceeded down the
bay until off the Presidio. Here they ran
alongside the Swanhilda and Detectives
Siivey, Egan. Ferguson and himself went
aboard.
Tue witness then found the captain and
asked if he had a man named Lee Weller
aboard. Tne captain .-aid he had and
witness asked if he was in irons. The
captain replied that he was not. After
some talk all hands were mustered by the
United States quarantine officer, the cap
tain telling witness that he would point
Lee Weller out to them. This he did, and
Detectives Egan and Fergmon immedi
ately seized him, and the witness put hi
pistol under his nose and told him to
throw up his bands. Prisoner was then
ironed and witness took him down the
after hatch. The prisoner wanted to know
what all the fuss was about.
The witness called Conroy aboard and
showed him Lee Weller for purposes of
identification. In the presence of the so
called Lee Weller Conroy said: "This is
the man." The witness asked Weller if
he knew Conroy and he said he did not.
Conroy was disguised at the time with a
large beard and mustache.
The witness tola him to take them off
and then Lee Weller acknowledged hav
ing seen him. The prisoner was then
taken into the cabin, where the witness
read the United States warrant. This
done the witness took the prisoner's
picture (produced) and asked him if that
was his picture and name. He sad it was.
Prisoner's effects were then gathered to
gether.
Mr. Cormec— You produced that pho
tograph ?
Witness— l did, and I showed it to the
prisoner and he said it was hi** picture. I
asked at first if it was his picture and
name and he said "That's me. "
"What name? '
"Harwood was on the picture." Con
tinuing, the witness said that Officers Fer
guson, Egan. the captain, Marsnal Bald
win and himself were present when he
read the warrant. After the warrant had
been read the prisoner said: "Don't
search rae here, let me go ashore."
Mr. Black— said thai?
The witness— Lee Weller.
: Mr. Cormac — He made no reply to the
charge? SFtP
"No, sir." Witness then stated that the
prisoner was put aboard the Hartley and
taken to the police station.
Mr. Black moved to have that portion
of the evidence referring to what the cap
tain had said when he pointe 1 out lne
man known as Lee Weiier stricken out.
The court overruled the objection, and
the witness went on to say that the patrol
wagon was sent lor and the prisoner con
veyed to the City Hall. All his baggage
was searched in the detectives' room in
tbe prisoner's presence and an inventory
made. At the time of the arrest the ves
sel was between the heads and the bay and
within the jurisdiction of the District
Court. They found lots of stuff marked
"Lee Weller."
Marshal Baldwin here produced a "bulky
sack containing the prisoner's effects,
which the witness proceeded to examine.
Mr. Cormac remarked that one of th?
sections of the convention of 1889 staled
that all property should be sent back with
the prisoner. ' -
Mr. Stone contended that the original
requisition must designate the articles re
quired in th« country where the trial was
to take place.
Mr. Cormac quoted the provision, and
the examination was resumed. The wit
ness, referring to the list indicated by
Mr. Cormack, said it was the one made at
the time and indorsed by the prisoner.
Mr. Cormac began to enumerate each
article, a list of which has already been
published, but hed scarcely specified tie
"Songs of England." volume one. ad
dressed to Mr-. Lee Weller and dated
September, 1894. when Mr. Black again
rose to interpolate a question which was
in effect: "Was the writing on the book
when in possession of the prisoner?"
Witness— lt was, sir. , Every article is
in the same condition as when taken.
One of the rare laughs evoked at any
stage of the hearing arose when Attorney
Cormack asked: "Do yon find there a
sheet of music with the song, 'We All
Love Jack'?
Witne. -_ We All Love Jack"; yes sir.
The enumeration of the numerous ar
ticles comprised in the inventory contin
ued-until Mi. Cormac reached sundry
master's and officer's certificates, dis
charges and recommendations found
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
SERGEANT STEPHEN BUNNER, the First Witness Called to the Stand During the Hearing Before Commissioner
Heacock, Identified the Numerous Articles Found Among Butler's Baggage on Board the Swanhilda.
among the prisoner's effects. Mr. Black
a_.ked at thai juncture that these docu
ments mtcht be read subject to their re
jection by the court should it subse
quently transpire that they had been in
any way altered.
"Do you find there," asked Attorney
Cormac, "the picture of a lady in a
frame?"
'Yes, sir." '
"Did the prisoner make any statement
concerning that to you?"
"The prisoner told me that this was his
wife."
The above reply referred to the picture
of Mrs. Lee \Veller.
Mr. Black sharply demanded: "Where
did tie prisoner tell you that?"
"At the City Hall."
"When?"
"W. en we were examining his goods."
Attorney Cormac resumed his direct
examination, continuing to enumerate
articles mentioned in the inventory. The
witness explained in reference to one or
two documents that a mark hud been
placed upon the same in order to identify
them. Mr. Black asked in reference to a
certiticfte of character granted to JL_e_.
Weller in 1888 by the captain of the Alma
dine, whether he was familiar wilh the
handwriting of the defendant.
Witness — Yes, sir.
"In whose handwriting is that paper
just read?"
"I don't know."
"Is it in this man's handwriting?"
"It is not."
Mr. Black here approached the prisoner
and asked him to write a few words on
a piece of paper. He made no immediate
use of this, however.
In due course the package of strychnine
found in the sweat-band of the prisoner's
hat was unearthed. "After we had taken
him to the City Pri.on," said Bunner,
"we Stripped him as.d in the sweat-band
of his hat Detective Euan found* this pack
age. I was present when it was found."
He added in reply to a question put by
Attorney Pidwe.l that lie was not per
sonally aware at the time that it con
tained poison, Still the wearisome read-
CAPTAIN JOHN McALLISTER, Who Knew Lie Weller.
ing of the inventory continued and the
court ra-e wuen it was finally completed,
until 2 o'clock.
On resuming Consul-General J. W.
Warburton w..s called to the stand. After
having given his ful! name, residence and
occupation, he stated in reply to Attorney
Cormac's interrogatories: "I am the
person who made ann verified this com
plaint. 1 did so in my offiial capacity. I
am intimately acquainted with Sir Julian
Pauncefote, who is Embassador Extraordi
nary and Plenipotentiary for Great Brit
ain. , I served many years in the London
Foreign Office aud am familiar with his
signature."
"In the regular course of your business
did you receive instructions from Sir
Julian Pauncefote, concerning this mat
ter?"
"I did. In the shape of a signed com
munication and telegrams."
These were read and were designed to
notify the Consul-General of the Butler
murders, which were spoken of as having
been committed under circumstances of
"terrible atrocity," and to inform him of
the fugitive's escape from justice in the
ship Swanhilda. and of the Embassador's
application to the Government at Wash
ington for bis extradition, in accordance
wuh met ions received from her
Majesty s^ Government. The teleerams
were dated respectively December 11 and
D cem ber 17, 1898, the latter being merely
confirmatory of the former
-iV_?°.i yOU _- kn ? w '--_? your connection
with the Foreign Office that it was his
duty as Embassador to present a requisi
tion for the extradition of criminals?''
"Certainly."
"You say in, your complaint 'upon in
formation and belief based upon certain
information received from her Britannic
Majesty s Government and from authen
ticated copies of sworn information
against the prisoner. Haye # you seen
Any 7 « *
"I have. They were -both. duplicates
T one set of which was sent to Washington."
Mr. Black— lt is wholly immaterial as
|to how he received his information. If
i he as a matter of fact acted upon what he
j believed to be correct information that is
ali that is necessary. We contend that
j the telegram is not direct evidence; it is
merely hearsay. It is of no benefit to this
case and this being so could not tend to
establish the euilt of this defendant. Be
sides the witness needed no such tele
gram to make his complaint,
Mr. Cormac — If you admit that he had
authority to make such complaint without
them we* will not put them in.
The court — You admit that he is Consul-
General.
Mr. Black (peremptorily)— No. sir.
The court — I overrule the objection.
Mr. Cormac — It is not admitted, I un
derstand, that he is Consul-General. I
therefore desire him to produce his com
mission from her Majesty and his United
Stales papers.
The witness immediately did so and the
defense, upon examination of these docu
ments, declared itself satisfied.
Mr. Cormac— That is all, your Honor.
The defense here called Sergeant Bunner
for cross-examination.
Mr. Black— l understood you to say thai
you had a warrant handed to you on the
morning of February 2 at about 4 o'clock.
"1 said no snch thing, sir. I said I had
a warrant in my possession."
"When eras that warrant issued?"
"Sometime in January. I don't exactly
remember the date."
"Can you tell by examining it?"
"Yes. But this is not the warrant I
had. There was another issued before,
this "
"Where did you get that warrant?"
"It was served afterward by me in Cap
tain Lees' .the?. The warrant under which
I toot th 9 prisoner was issued in Jan
uary."
'Where was the prisoner at that time?"
"I suppose he was at sea."
"Was he within the jurisdiction of this
court?"
"No, sir."
"And that is the warrant you took him
on?"
"Yes, sir. I found him on the British
ship hwanhilda."
"Where is she registered?"
"1 don't know."
"It is a British ship?"
"It* flies a British flag."
"Where did you see her first?"
"About the middle ground buoy."
''How far at sen ?"
"In the bay of San Franci co."
"When did you first see the Swanhilda?"
"Some two or three years ago," replied
the witness, amid laughter.
"1 refer to this occasion."
"I boarded her between 5:30 and 6
o'clock."
"Was she anchored?*'
"She was not. She was towing."
wasn't tied to any wharf?"
"Oh, no; she could not be when she was
to wine."
"She wasn't conneted with any wharf?"
"How could she be?"
Task you as a matter of fact."
"No, certainly not."
"When you went aboard had you any
other paper in the nature of a warrant
other than the warrant you refer to as
issued in January?"
"I had only that one warrant."
"Who was the first man to whom you
spoke?"
"Captain Miller, the pilot, and then
Captain Fraser. I asked Fraser if he had
the man aboard his ship."
"Where was the prisoner?"
\ "I suppose he was knocking about the
main deck."
"Where was he when you first saw
him?" „
"On the starboard side of the ship, near
the cabin door."
"This is the man here?" .
"Yes, sir."
"What did. yon say to him?"
" 'Throw your hands up P, " "'
"He did so?" '. --■;■
--"X guess so," responded Banner, non
-1 chaiantly, and tha crowd tittered,
"_"> id you handcuff him?
"No; Egan and Ferguson did so under
my directions. I acted by order of the
Chief of Police."
"Did you call them to your assistance as
Marshal?"
"No; as a police officer. I went there
as a police officer and a United States
Marshal both."
"Now, sergeant, you referred to a sec
ond warrant. When did you get that?"
"I told you it was served on him in
Lees' office tha same day. It was handed
to me about 9 or 10 o'clock."
"When was it issued?"
"I don't know."
••was it issued before the Swanhilda
came into the beads?"
"I think it was issued alter the arrest."
Mr. Cormac — Objection!
Mr. Black— As I understand it, the
Consul will make application later, by
which he will sesk to have certain articles
referred to here taken away with the pris
oner. I desire to know from the witness
by what authority, how, when and where
these articles were taken. It seems to me
a proper course of cross-examination.
The court held that it was immaterial
how they came there. As he understood
it, these effects were found among the
prisoner's luggage after his arrest in the
bay of San Francisco, and therefore with
in the court's jurisdiction.
Mr. Black "I wanted to find out when
that was done." He added that it was
necessary at the time of the issuance of
the warrant for certain facts to exist. The
first being the commission of a crime; the
second the tact that the crime was extra
ditable, and third that at the time the
person accused was within the court's jur
! isdiction. His point in this examination
', was. therefore, obvious.
The court suggested that the words
i "seeking asylum or found," contained in
I the treaty, might be given a broad inter
; pretation. Certainly if the prisoner was
i arrested in the waters of the bay he was
i within the jurisdiction of the judicial au
thorities of this district. Furthermore, he
could himself state from his own knowl
edge that the complaint was made Febru
ary 2, and the warrant issued abont a day
later. Under the State Jaw it was ex
pressly provided that when a person was
brought before a magistrate, either with
or without a warrant, the magistrate
should see whether an offense had been
com ted.
* Mr. Black took exception and then re
sumed cross-examination.
"Where," he asked, "did you find these
various articles first?
"On board the Swanhilda. I was stand
ing by the main hatch when they were
brought to me. They were not on the
person of the prisoner, but he said they
were his. As far as I know they were in
his possession."
"Who took them out of his possession?"
"Detective Siivey."
"In whose possession ars they now?"
"In the hands of the United States Mar
shal, Barry .Baldwin."
"You had no paper or writ authorizing
you to take possession of any of those
goods?"
"Nothing further than ihe order of the
Chi. ol Police and the Marshal."
"Had tuey any written order from any
body?"
"I don't know. I obeyed their orders.
I goi my orders from the Chief of Police
of this City and delivered them to Mr.
Moran, the property clerk of the Police
Department, and afterward to the Mar
shal."
"Do yon know whether they have been
in anybody else's possession?"
The witness explained that the Consul-
General examined them, but that they
were in his (Bunner's) possession ail the
time. They were in the same condition as
when he received tbem.
"To my knowledge," said Mr. Black,
"there was one paper which had initials
on it."
"I told you myself that they were there.
And there was this pistol, which has no
number. He acknowledged it was his, and
to identify it we placed the initials J. R.
upon it."
The prisoner Ashe here denied in a
scarcely audible voice that he had ac
knowledged that the pistol was bis.
"J. R.," continued the witness, "stands
for John Roche. With the exception of
two changes, the articles are in the same
condition a.i when taken. They were in
the forecastle, and he acknowledged they
were his property."
"Who carried them away?"
"All hands."
"Yon had no regular process?"
"My authority as a police officer. I
should arrest him on the charge of mur
der and lock him up on that charge."
"That is all."
"When you took possession of this
property," said Mr. Cormack,"did you do
so yourself?" ;'_,,,
• "Yes, sir; it never left my possession.
I gave it to Mr. Moran ior safe keeping,
but I kept control of it. The Consul-
General did not take possession of it and
refused to do so. I returned it to the
Marshal and he and McHattie brought it
over to this building. The Consul put his
seal on it." BBHRSBttfI
Mr. Black— witness says he took
possession under authority both from the
Chief of Police and the Marshal. What
was the Consul's seal put on it tor?
• ! It was intended to give it to the Con
sul, but after consultation with Judge
Morrow he ordered it to be returned to
this building."
"Are the articles here the same yon
took from him
"There are more here than were speci
fied this morning. There is one article
missing and that is a prayer-book. , Some
one took it, I guess." _ *.>*_/: ...
"Prayer-book gone?"'
"Prayer-book gone." [Laughter.]
Captain John McAllister of the British
ship Langdale was the last witness called.
"My ship," he said, "has been here
about six weeks. My residence is in Liver
pool, England. I was acquainted with
Captain Lee Weller, wbom I met first in
Sydney, N. S. W., and afterward in New
castle. I knew him for three or four
months."
Being asked to describe Captain Lee
"Weller the witness continued: "He was
either 37 or 38 years of age and bis hair
was black and curly. He wore a black
beard, but I do not know the color of his
eyes. He was a little taller than I am, or
about 5 feet 6% inches. I don't know
i where he was born of my own knowledge."
"Do you see him in court?" asked Mr.
Cormac.
"No, sir."
"You see the prisoner in court?"
"Yes, sir."
"Is that Captain L. W. Weller?"
"No, sir," replied the witness emphati
cally. "No more like him than you are."
Mr. Black The man you refer to was
named — ?
"Lee Weller."
"I understood you to swear he was Lee
Wellington Weller."
"He had both names."
"You don't &now whether it was LeeM.
or Lee W. ?"
"1 never saw his signature."
"Would you swear he was not as young
as 30?"
"I would."
"If there be a man named Lee W. Weller
who is but 30 years of age he would not be
the man you knew?"
"No, sir."
"You say you knew this man?"
"I have seen the Lee Weller I knew
about twenty times at least. He was
never on my ship. He was a passenger
on board a ship called the Southesk. His
wife died on board while we were in New
castle. I saw him several times both there
and in Sydney. The first time I saw him
for ten minutes only, and I saw him again
in Newcastle about a fortnight later, per
haps. I was with him about a quarter of
an hour each time I saw him af tor that.
These interviews were separated by inter
j vals of two, four or five days. I never had
j any particular business with him, but met
him as I would meet any friend. Ido not
know whether his name was Lee W. or
Lee M. Weller."
Here Mr. Black requested the prisoner
to stand up. which he did.
"Now," said the attorney, turning to
the witness, "tell the court in what way
this man differs from the man you refer
to."
"The man l knew had darx, curly hair
and black whiskers and was not so tall as
this man. I should say that the prisoner
is 5 feet 8% inches in height."
"What were the habits of the man you
refer to?" [Objection.]
"Do you know this man's name?"
"No, sir. Bui I will swear he is not Lee
Weiier." .
"Do you mean you will swear he is not
the man you knew as Lee Weller?"
"Yes, sir."
"But not that he is not named Lee
Weller?"
"No, sir."
"When you knew Lee Weller in Syd
ney," said Mr. Cormac, "he resided" at
Manly Beach?"
"Yes, sir. I never saw his wife."
"What year was this?"
"Eighteen ninety-six."
"What ship was "he on at that time?"
"The Southesk. His wife died on
board."
Mr. Black— Did you see him as late as
October?
"No, sir; I was nearly here then. I left
about the 23d of September."
"How late did you see him ?"
"About a month or two before. I can
not swear to it."
Mr. Black— We move to strike out the
evidence us wholly immaterial and irrele
vant.
The court overruled the motion.
An adjournment was here taken until
Wednesday next at 2 o'clock, by consent.
Counsel on both sides will in the mean
time arrive at some arrangement whereby j
counsel for the defense may be permitted j
to examine the prisoner's effects in order
to satisfy themselves that these are ac- j
tually in the same condition as when first
confiscated. Commissioner Heacock left
the matter entirely in the hands of Mar
shal Baldwin.
The courtroom was cleared and the
prisoner conveyed to his cell in the City
Prison.
BUTLER IN CANADA.
If Not a Mounted Policeman He
Was Familiar With the Regina
Barracks.
• If Butler was not a member of the Cana
dian Northwest mounted police he is fa
miliar with the barracks at Regina and
the people who were stationed there at
the time of the Riel rebellion.
Last night Alexander J. Smith, an ex
member or the force, now living at 807
Kearny street, called upon Captain Lees
and said he knew a man named Ashe who
was a member of Troop B, stationed at
Regina.
Detective Wren was sent to the prison
with Smith, so that be could have an un
interrupted talk with Butler in hi. cell.
Smith looked at Butler for a moment or
two and then spoke to him, telling him he
was a member of Troop B. After hearing
Butler talk Smith came to the conclusion
tnat he had never to his knowledge seen
him before.
Butler talked with Smith about the
police at Regina and was familiar with
the officers and men. He mentioned the
names of several, among them Commis
sioner Irvine, Captain Deane and Homer,
the head saddler. Butler seemed to have
even a better memory than Smith as to
some of the doings at the barracks, and
knew everything that went on there.
After Smith had finished his conversa
tion with Butler Smith said: "'Tnat man
isn't Ashe, out I am satisfied he has been
a member of the police. It was after the
rebellion that I joined and he might have
been there at that time."
Smith returned to Captain Lees and re
ported that he failed to recognize Butler
although he s* emed to be quite familiar
with the Regina barracks.
_ When Butler denied to Captain Lees on
Sunday that he had made a statement to
a Call reporter that he was a member of
the mounted police during the Riel rebel
lion the captain reminded him that he
had a few days before made the same
statement to him, which he had appar
ently forgotten. Butler winced, and
binned out that he was only in jest when
he made the statement.
Captain Lees is determined to find out
what Butler did while in the Canadian
northwest, and he will communicate wih
different authorities there on the subject
The captain is inclined to thins that
Butler, if not a mounted policeman was
connected with the Regina barracks in
some way during the rebellion.
Prisoners sentenced to Stony Mountain
penitentiary were often sent to Regina
barracks to do "escort duty," and the cap
tain thinks that Butler may. have been
one of these prisoners, which enabled him
to get such accurate information about the
officers and men stationed at the barracks.
- There is a possibility, if this is correct,
that Butler knew Ashe, the policeman,
perhaps intimately, and had assumed his
name after regaining his liberty.
BUTLER IN ALASKA.
An Ohloan Thinks He Knew Him
There as a Desperate Mis
sourlan.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Feb. B.— Esta S.
Smith of Tippecanoe City, fifteen miles
west of here, was employed by the Gov
ernment at Afognak, Alaska, during the
years 1892 and 1893. He declares that he
recognizes the picture and description of
the Au-*trali.n murderer Butler, which
appeared in the papers of last Wednesday,
as those of a man who slept in the same
room with him in Alaska. In a talk with
your correspondent to-day Mr. Smith
said :
"Butler when I knew him was always
J nervous and uneasy. He could not sleep.
■ He was a man who had plenty of money
; and spent it freely. Butler was a sailor,
| and claimed to have been born in Clay
; County, Missouri. During the war his
! parents moved to Nova Scotia. He was
j known along Pacific Coast as Captain
Peter Summit Butler, and was about 30
years old. rbecame very well acquainted
with him and consider him one of the
I most desperate men I ever met. He was
j a terror to the people, aud the landlord
! where we boarded endeavored to get But
! ler to leave as all were afraid of him. He
was afterward found at Sitka, Alaska,
where he was caught robbing a till.
"However, with the use of his ever
ready revolver, he managed to escape. In
a short time I again heard of him at Sitka,
where he robbed a commercial warehouse
of 7000 salted sealskins. He gagged the
agent and threatened to kill him and his
Indians if they should raise the alarm.
."Butler never could speak a good word
for the laws of his native country, always
I cursing when anything was said on that
subject."
Mr. Smith is positive that this is the
same man, and considers him the pirate
ofthe Pacific Coast.
Esta Smith is now a prominent lawyer
of Tippecanoe City.
THE BENSON CASES.
Indictments Will Probably Be Quashed
by the Court on Monday
Next.
It is expected that the charges against
John A. Benson and others, accused of
land frauds, will soon be dismissed.
Reddy, Campbell & Metson, attorneys for
the defendants, moved that the indict
ments be quashed in the Circuit Court
yesterday on the showing of a certificate
from the Surveyor-General that the de
tective surveys had been rectified and of
an agreement of counsel.
The United States attorneys were not
ready to have the matter dropped and
asked for a continuance until Monday
next, which was granted. It is expected
that at that time the motion to quash wilt
be granted.
WILL BE BUSIED TO-DAY.
Remains of Fred Hinckley Arrive From
Portland, Or.
The remains of the late Fred Hinckley
were brought to the City yesterday from
Portland, Or., by Mrs. Hinckley and
Harry Hinckley. They were taken to the
Hinckley residence at " 1221 California
street.
The funeral services, which are to be
simple in all respects, will take place to
day at the California- home. Dr.
Moreland officiating. The interment will
take place at Mountain View Cemetery,
the remains to rest beside the grave of his
mother.
The following named gentleman friends
of the deceased have been requested to act
as pallbearers: H. T. Gibbs, Albert R. 'il
Grayson, A. M. Cummings, Charle___|
Nichols, Charles E. Connell and James!
Spiers Jr. ... : : "
* — *> — •
Cuban barbers lather their patrons with
their hands fr»m a bowl made to fit under
t.e chin. No brush is used.
SEW to-dat;
Truth
Triumph
Trophy
—a trusty trio.
Truth will triumph
and "Trophy" will
soon replace adul-
■ i
terated baking pow-
ders.
•*• .Tillmann & Beadel, _______ESTACA IS NOW
IN WINNING FORM
Took the San Leandro Stake
at Emeryville Yes
terday.
Salisbury 11, at io to i, Over
turned the Hot Favorite,
David.
Reopening Day at the Track Across
the Bay— Twe Favorites Laud
the Coin.
.■ -With Scarfpin, Babe Murphy, Strath
ineath and Lucky Dog scratched, the San
Leandro sellins stake over seven and a
half furlongs, the special feature of the
■ Card reopening day at the Emeryville
track was robbed of its luster. Estaca,
Rosebud, California and Sly were those
left to contest for the $1000 hung up, 01
■ which $700 went to the successful horse.
. California, with Sam Doggett up, opened
up lavorite at odds of 8 to 5, but stable
coin seemed to hang fire and the mare re
ceded to 13 to sin the ring. There was a
drizzling sort of play on Rosebud, but the
• bulk of the bi>: money went in on Estaca.
- It pToved a hollow victory for the latter
colt. "Skeets" Martin, who had the
mount, sent the Dunne entry to the front
before 'a quarter of the distance bad been
. covered, and with weight to give away be
. led Rosebud out at the wire by a couple of
lengths, covering the distance in I:4o'^.
•Sly api eared utterly at sea and California
Secured show honors easily.
The weather was clear and cool and the
attendance fair. The track was very
heavy'.rom the recent rains and slow time
was tbe rule. The first four favorites sent
out were rocked to sleep in latest approved
racetrack fashion and then two short
priced choices scrambled home in the
lead.
After many vicissitudes Uasquil finally
took a race. McHale's colt was as good
as 4 to 1 in the betting on the opening
mile run, with a field of six starting, and
id a mild drive downed Draught less than
a 'length. The favorite, Don Ciarencio,
. finished third.
In the- five and a half furlong scramble,
.which was next decided, Palmerston,
against whom 15 to 1 was at one time ob
tainable, was given a flying start, and
leading' throughout, won hands down
rrom Two Cheers, who beat the 7 to 5
choice, Sugarfoot, over two lengths for the
* place.
-bury **II and Thorpe furnished
'.one of the sensations of the afternoon's
'guessing bee. The uncertain son of Ra
cine was one of five starters in the mile
ana. a sixteenth purse affair, for wnich
David was a3 to 5 choice. Salisbury has
been running so indifferently of late that
the ring took the liberty of laying 10 to 1
• against him. Thorpe sailed out in front
With him when the barrier went up, and
. setting a slow pace the first part of it he
Bad more speed than his company in the
run home, and in a furious drive Charley
landed his mount winner by a short head
over the favorite, piloted by Sam Doggett.
Torsina, which coupled with Jay Wheeler
were held at twos in the betting, was a
fair third.
The speedy little Tea Rose came out in
the fifth race for the first time since her
sickness. It was a fire and a half furlong
, sprint, and Caspar ruled an even money
cnance around post time. Tea Rose
showed much of her old-time speed, but
tired in the stretch, and the favorite dis
posed of her vry handily by two lengths.
Yemen led The Sinner out for show
honors.
Moylan encountered a very ragged lot
in the concluding six-furlong run, and, at
the prohibitive price of 1 to 4, won romp
ing trom imp. Ivy, the second choice.
• _,
>OTE .
Twenty bookmaking firms cut in yester
day. Among th new faces seen on the
block was tbat of Sam Summerlield, who
recently arrived from Chicago.
Tbe Burns handicap will bs run on
.April 10.
• "William Murry, trainer for tbe Cam
abridge and Lone stables, was fined $100 for j
violating the rule regarding the scratch
ing of entries. Mr. Murry resorted to the I
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Monday. February 8. Fortieth day of
tha Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather Fine. Track Heavy.
," l -^ k Ir.sX ____.CX— one mile; three-year-olds and up; purse *300.
Index. i Horse, age, weight. \ at. i,i I lfy I % I Stt
60ti Basquil, 3 88 3 'Jl 2b In lh
484 Drau-bt, 3 100% ii 31 lb 2h 2>A
457 l>ODCiarenclO,3 98 4 lh 310 3 6 3 3
476 Jlf Jtiche.ieu.a.ll-1 6 44 46 4 15 4 10
, 434 Trix. a.. 11l 1 5h 54 510 512
"467 Examiner, 6...113 8 6 | tt 6 6
Index. l
I*
33
4 IS
5 20
6
It. Isom
H. Martin
K. Jones. i
Spencer
G. i son
AlClioN
Joclcey.
J
16-5
X
60
7-2
6-2
3-2
12
100
40
•'• .Good start. Won driving. Winner, T. J. McH&le's b. a, by imp. Wood Moss- Lady Keliy. Time,
1 :50 '-■>. •
cttOSD KACii— tleven-sixteentbs of a inlle; pur»« «30U.
.7naex.[ Horse, age. weight.
' 4P6 l>aim"rs;oa, 4 117
"601 Two Cheers, 6.. ..116
, 4U5 Sugar loot. 3.. 103
479 ! Isabelle, 4 11-:
• 416 Mi. Koy, 6 118
■ -479 Billy Ayers, a.. 118
414 Cadenza,4 112
► -U54 Juan l-.eruardo, 5-118
i "464) | .Marionette, 4. ....112
1
•_'
4
15
7
3
5
9
8
1 2
5%
3 1)
4 h
7 i!
IP
61
9
b 10
1 8
53
■J ii
4 _'
i'Z
8 10
9 I
7 6
1 A
2 2
6 l
4^
7 6 5*
75
8 10
9
Fin.
1 4
a a
8 10
4 2
52
6 2
7 10
8 15
9
F. Kussell
C tilnan
Slaughter
Thorpe
Shaw.
G. Wilson.
H. Martin
w. wood*
i'Oggell
Jockey.
8
4
6-5
10
7
40
8
100
7
8
10
6
6 &
12
10
6U
10
10J
9-2
■Poor start. Won easily.
I'almfrstoa beat th<> gale.
Winner, J. H. Shield's eh. h., by imp. .-:t. Blaiic-Emma. Time 1:12.
C - l TB.IU.D hAii-une and a sizieeuth miles; purse
Index.
I Horse, as?e, welßht. ! St. Std. | V* | Vi
Salisbury 11, 4.... 107 3 11 IS 12
I>avld.-5 109 l « l is 10 2Vi
Torsina,4 102 3 It 2 -h 3 1..
Jay Wheeler, 3... M.> 6 5 5 5
Flaah, 5 • • 105 4! 43 4^ iy%
Horse, a?e, welcht-
Btr.
497
«'(»
.•336
*i>7a'
435
12
3 20
•1 •£
5
4 5
1 •-'
•i A
■ -20
45
5
1 h |
2 VVb
a £0
4 3
5
Thorpe
DoEgett
Slaughter
Uayden
Mitchell ..
7
3-5
2
*
60
9
3-6
li-5
*
200
Good »i.-r:. \'\ on drivinj;. WJnn»r, Burnt it Waterhoase's br. h, by Kacine-imp. I'liru Jlme
1 :soVij. *C oupled in the bt uing with Tormina. '
iOVkiii liACis—Fifieen^ixieentus of a
stakes; jjurbe ♦100 U.
Index.
.
; Horse, age. weight.
kl
V*
I
I
%
Str. Fin. Jockey.
16 1 •- H. Martin ..
2 2 2 8 Thorpe
3 0 315 Dopgeu
4 4 R. Isom..
Belling.
r 'P. CL
604
• 432
447
469
Kstacu, 3 104 i
Itos-bud. 5 107
California. 6 10J
1
a
4
1 1
: 2
4
a h
A a
1 3
a a
'_' i
4
a
7-2
2
4
-ly. 3 99 !
Good start. Won easily.
3:401/4. ■
V inner, P. Dunne's b. c, by Kmperor of >orfollc-La Clenga.
Time
r , I' fIFTH. RACK-Kievea
•; ) I D.
u-BixiecuuiB of a mile;
Inrt.
j Horse, age, weleht. i
St. I
V*
Betltng.
Op. a
469 !
.8
&03
408
346
416
i Caspar. 3... 1' 6
Tea «OBe, 3 101
Yemen, a .'llB
The Sinner, 3.... 103
. oano, a 118
Quicksilver, 5.. 121
Maine, 3 101
1
:;
•i
i
7
6
6
1 i!
■i h
54
3 1
0 4
4h
7
lh
2 8
Ba
6 I
6 4
•-. h
7
•-' 4
1 to
32
4 10
68 ■
54
7
IIJJ
34
4 10
a -_'O
6 JO |
7
■ E. J0ne5........
slaughter
H. shields
11. > anln
i Hennesiy
j Doeteit
J. Shields.
7-6
•£
12
8
15
8
100
1
6-2
•M
9
26
10
200
i
Uool start. Won baodilv. Winner, Burns <t Waierhouse's b. c, by Imp. Si. Andrew-Culslne.
TlP_ I*ll.
1 - SiXTH HACK- Tfcree-quariers of a mile; purse $300.
6":j
402
38S !
4:«
496
387 I
281
IMoy.an. 4. lIP
Imp. Ivy. B 1)7
Icundur. 6 117
lei lkaho, 4 IU9
Joau. 4 114
'Jerorni* S, a 112
I Mo ie A. a 117
Hor«e, age, weight.
2
4
6
•'■
1
7
!
i
a h
1 l
46
63
7
2 h
6 1
Betting.
% Btr. Fin. j Jockey. Op. CL
2 1 11 13 Dorset! 1-4 I^l
lh 2 Va 2 1 Joues. 7 6
3 4 3 6 3 8 Bozeman. 10 16
6 8 4 3 4 6 H. Wilson 20 75
4 4 SH 515 f. oao 9 lv
53 61 6^ Shaw ;..; 80 80
7 7 - 7 Keeves ;.. 100 100
I
i
»^z
I
oood BUrt. Won saaily. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. h., by Bradford E:sie Bosallnd.
Time,
telephone, and as bis horses were not on
the track, and were supposed to be start
ers by the judges up to 1 o'clock, they de
cided to reprimand him.
Barney Schreiber disposed of Doyle to
Frank Brown - one day last wees. Re
puted price SBOO.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
431 Heartsease 104 488 Monitor. 106
'217 Agitato 109' 42.: isooladain 109
487 Bo__truDDer....ll_ 4tf> (Ireenba.k Jr. .109
464 lei Me >cc 1' 4 4 3 Joe Hill 109
605 Monterey 11-1 46. txamlner 109
Second race, seven-sixteenths of a mile, two
year-olds, purse.
428 Hen ha- 1071 611 Dukeo.Yorl_ll.llo
611 Fallen Princess 971 .... Desdemona... 107
458 Siva 110 611 Don .vis... .....100
492 On Gua ___... 1 07 1 411 Irrilator -...110
471 Count Flan_.er_.losj
Third race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
500 Braxey 99 357 Koltaire 114
483 < hupple 104* 437 Woodland Belle 99
427 Mavß .....112 _-ineNluely-uinll4
450 Infl.*iuniator...ll4 Lovlllgton 11l
433 Miss Maggie M.1 09 482 _..__. Morgan... lll
600 Defender 104 466 Rosalie 11l
242 Alazan lll|
Fourth race, one mile, selling.
501 Jack Martin.... 94 601 Morte Fnnse.. .106
429 Pollock M 490 Lobengula .... 108
41- Little i ripple.. 9;. l 443 Duill.i. . 93
468 Mahogany 93 4/2 (.a rillo.. 108
401 Alma 74 .... bi.verado . 96
485 Kansome 102 j
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths or a mile, selling.
468 The i-inner 117, .426 Lost Girl... 109
4.9 Good times.. 117 193 bcouh Kose.. ..109
494 souiro ... ill 483 Fig Leaf 109
William. .ll4 (437)EuaH . 109
606 Mercutio 104 (4»s)Loulou R 109
Sixth race, three-quar ers of a mile, selling.
476 kHlchelieu.,ll2l 409 VirsieA.. 104
4b4 Rejctea 106 MIS Pecksniff... .112
605 fr-inco 106 496 Z00.ei...... 112
608 Fu.lertun Lass.. lo. 493 Miss Kuih 107
470 liazel D 104
SELECTION, FOX TO-DAY.
First race — Heartsease, Koadrunner,
Monitor.
■second race— Ezell stable, Duke of
York.
Third race— Woodland Belle, May It.,
Nine -Ninety Nine.
Fourth race — Alma, Little Cripple,
Cabrillo.
Firth race— Good Times, Scotch Rose,
Lost Girl.
Sixth race— lmp. Fullerton I.as., Zoo-.
lein, Franco.
HELD ON SUSPICION.
Three Young; Men Who "Were Trying
to Sell Jewelry Chased and
Captured.
A citizen reported to Lieutenant Bird
sail at the Central police station last night
that three young men had stopped him on
Larkin street and wanted him to buy some
jewelry which he believed had bean stolen.
The lieutenant detailed -Policemen
Riehl, Harrigan and Murphy to find the
three and bring them in. They came
across them on Larkin street and the
three fled. Harrigan had to fire two shots
in the air before the one he was chasing
surrendered, and Riehl had to chase bis
man three blocks before he was overtaken.
They were taken to the Central station
and searched. In their pockets were found
a gold ring with an emerald in the center
surrounded by ten small diamonds, a pair
of gold shirt studs, a silk . andkerchief
marked "T" and a Knight of Pythias
badge.
Tney could not give any satisfactory ex
planation of how they became possessed
or the articles, and they were locked up in
the "tanks" pending an investigation by
Detectives Egan and Siivey. They gave
the names of James Nesbit, G. H. James
worth and Joe Curley.
AN ABANDONED BABE.
Mrs. Cliff Found It ou Her Doorstep
and Has Got Tired of It.
Mrs. Cliff, 29.'6 Bush street, called at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon with a baby boy and it was later sent
to Mount St. Joseph Orphan Asylum.
Mrs. Cliff said that she found the baby
on her doorstep shortly before Christmas.
She took a fancy to it and thought the
would adopt it. The baby had since suf
fered from the measles and as it was con
stantly crying she had become tired of it.
She had no idea who the baby's parents
were or who had left it on her doorstep.
Lecture to Trout Fisher*.
Dr. Charles H. Gilbert of Stanford University,
who was advertised to address the San Fran
cisco Fly-casting Club this evening in the
rooms of the Fish Commissioners, Flood build,
ing, will not deliver his lecture until the
evening of February 23. Then he will posi
tively appear and discuss "Calilornia Fresh
water Fishes." The lecture will be delivered
ln room 78, Flood building.
City Hall Improvement.
Chairman Rivers of the Street Lights Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors has done
good service in having arc lights placed in
the Larkin-street corridor of the City Hall.
They were lighted for the first time yesterday
and the improvement was commended gener
ally. Heretofore the corridor, especially dur
ing cloudy days, resembled a subterranean
cavern.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
WILL CONSIDER
WATER RATES
Supervisors Vote to Begin
the Hearing To-
Morrow.
Spring Valley OificiaiS Were
. Invited to Be Present .
to Testify.
Resolution to Create a. Vacancy in
an Assistant Ci rkship of .h_
Board Postponed.
The Board of Supervisors will meet as a
committee of '.be whole next Wednesday
morning at 10 o'clock to consider the fix
ing of water rates for the fiscal year. This
was decided upon at a meeting of the Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon. At the
same time it was decided to invite tbe
president and secretary of the Spring
Valley Water Company to be present to
answer questions and, generally, to fur
nish the Supervisors with information.
This came about on motion of Supervisor
Clinton, chairman of the Committee on
Water and Water Supply.
The committee submitted a long report,
and incidentally recommended tbat Cle
ment Bennett be elected the official
stenographer. Supervisor Rivers, who
constituted the minority of the commit
tee, moved tbat J. A. Holland be elected
as the stenographer, and this motion pre
vailed.
Tbe Water Committee in its report re
counted what was done at its meeting last
week. The proceedings hay. previously
been published. The committee averred
that the annual report of the Spring Val
ley Water Company is vague and indefi
nite. A part of the report was as follows:
The City and County is called upon to allow
fair and reasonable water rates to be paid by
tiie City and County and its inhabitants, and
cettalniylt should be informed, clearly and
convincingly, oi the details of the expendi
tures of the company in order to act as fair
and just arbitrators between the company and
its customers, The company owes it to Itself
and to Its customers to make such a statement
in detail of all its operations, and especially of
i'.s expenditures, in order to demonstrate its
business policy and jus if the board in the
establishment of water rates as tbe board may
deem just, that are warranted by the condi
tions and requirements of their water supply.
Your committee feel that unjust criticism of
the action of the board should be avoided iv
the matter of fixing rates, and until Iniorma
tion is obtained more definite than presented
nothing can be done to accomplish the ob
jects 01 the inquiry.
A recommendation was also made by
the committee that meters be attached to
the Denman School, Horace Mann Gram
mar School, Whittier Primary School and
placed at Alta plaza, that the ac.ual
amount of water used at these places
might be determined. The report was
adopted, and the accompanying reso-u
--tion concerning the water meters was
acted upon favorably.
Supervisor C-inton read a letter, in
which Charles Webb Howard, president
of tbe Spring Valley Water Company, ex
pressed willingness to furnish the board
with all information desired.
A little flurry occurred over a resolution
reported by the Judiciary Committee to
expunge Gibson street, between Hyde and
Larkin, Green and Union, from the official
map. Mayor Phelan asked whether the
Judiciary Committee had advised with the
City and County Attorney about this mat
ter, and expressed the opinion that the
City ought to be represented when such
action was proposed.
Supervisor Smith, chairman of the Ju
diciary Committee, answered that the City
and County Attorney had not been con
sulted. Only property-owners had testi
fied. The board adopted the resolution
to expunge Gibson street from the official
map.
A resolution was adopted permitting
-supervisors Lachmau and Clinton to ex
change places on the Judiciary and Sireet
Light committees.
A resolution to remove Charles E. Par
ent from bis ution as assistant clerk to
the board caused som discussion. Su
pervisor Clinton objected to meddling
with the clerks in the office of the board.
Supervisor Dodge also spoke against the
removal of Parent. The resolution pro
vided also for the appointment of J. J.
Lynch to take his place. Chief Clerk Rus
sell was invited to say something about
changes in the office, and be said the last
board made no changes, and he thought
that the preceding board left the clerks
undisturbed. Supervisor Dodge said that
the majority ought to have its appetite
satisfied. It already gives signs 01 indi
gestion. A motion to postpone for two
weeks was lost. Supervisor Delanv moved
for postponement for one week, and it was
so voted. j.f
Supervisor Sljpehan moved that tbe
office of janitor in the office of the Super
intendent of Streets be declared vacant.
M. Flaherty fills the position. It was
proposed that H. M. Loresen should suc
ceed him. The resolution passed, but
Supervisor Sheehan subsequently said
that be had been mistaken and he was
permitted to withdraw the resolution.
The Judiciary Committee reported in
fevor of refunding money paid on dupli
cate assessments to H. Ickelbeimer, John
Nicholson, Mary T. Prince, D. Bargagli
ottiand G. Camicia. The com mi tee also
reported adversely on the petition of .Her
man de Laguna for the repeal of order
3035, granting a franchise to the People's
Mutual Telephone Company; also upon
the petition of Adolph Sutro to eliminate
from the map portions of Fifth and Sixth
avenues south from J__ street.
The Committee on Finance recom
mended that the salary of Daniel E. Con
don as superintendent of construction of
the Hall of Jus ice be not paid until the
work of construction is nctually com
menced. The report was adopted.
Supervisor Britt filed his renort of the
progress of legislation upon bills in which
San Francisco is concerned.
Proposals to supply a laundry plant for
the Almshouse were received and referred
to the Hospital Committee, tbe bids being
as follows: Troy Laundry and Machine
Company, $3125; P. F. Dundon, $3667;
Joshua Handy Machine Work., $4100; P.
J. Monahan, $1650.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary ofthe Week's Work Acted
On by the Board.
The following is a complete summary of
the street improvements which passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWABI 8 OF CONTRACTS.
Anflover avenue, Cortland to nueenla avenues—
Grading, curbs, etc., to .Man up J. Pire._ .
Berry, Sixth to Seventh— and paving, to
James tiibm-y.
Fifteenth avenue and P street— Grading and
macadamizing, to -M. C. Hogan.
RRSOLtITION ORDERINO WORK.
Second avenue, .Luke to Calilornia— Kegrading,
new curbs, etc
Second avenue and Clement— Regrading and re
macadamizing.
Secnd avenue, Clement street to Point Lobos
avenue — Upgrading, new curbs, etc.
Pa ton, Lyon to Central avenue— Artificial -stone
sidewalks.
_? I ben. Pierce to Scott— New sewer.
Filbert and Scott— Sewers, curbs, manholes, etc.
1-iibert, scoit to Devisadero— New sewer and
gr> dine to official line ana grade.
Fi bert and bcott— Grading to official line and
grade.
a street, Seventh to Eighth avenues— Plank
sidewalks for southerly side.
H street, Eighth to Ninth avenues— Plank side
walks lor southerly side.
H street. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues— Plank
sidewalks for southerly sid. • •
Twelfth avenue, C to Fulton— Grading to official
line, redwood enrbs and macadamizing.
Thirteenth avenue. C to Fulton— same.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— Grading to official
line of westerly naif.
Filbert. Pierce to Scott— Grading to official line
and grade.
Oak, Devisadero to Scott— Artificial-stone side
walks. -
Bagby placp, O'Farrell to northeasterly ter
mination— _. ame.
Vlcksburjc Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Same, with conditions.
'icksburg. Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—
Same.
STBEET WORK RECOMMENDED BT SUPERINTEND
ENT OE STREETS.
Card alley, Stockton street to westerly termina
tion—Bituminous i avemenu
Eureka street, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Curbs
and pavement.
Filbert and Leavenworth — Bituminous pave
ment. • '
Dolores and Nineteenth— .met .' • .
_ Bryant and Eleventh— Pav>ment and curbing.
Florida, Twenty • six.ta to Army — Grading,
curbs and macadamizing.
Piecita avenue, 1 Alabama to Army— Same, with
sew* r, manholes, etc.
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army Same.
Valencia. Twenty-sixth to rmy— Same.
Mas n. Beach to Jefferson— *■> ame.
Chestnut and Powei ree A, southwesterly cor
ner— a ruficiai-sto ie sidewalks.
Taylor an i Union southeasterly corner— Same.
Leavenworth a.id Union, southwesterly corner-
Same.
Jones and Union, southeast and southwest cor
ners—Same.
1 wenty-second, Noe to Castro— Same.
Montgomery avenue ana Newell street— Same.
EXTENSION OF TIME GRANTED.
Castro and Army— To J. J. Dowling, sixty days
on sewer.
Miss. on street and silver av-*nu»— To Garrett
Burke, sixty days un cesspools, culverts, etc.
California. Maple to cherry— To Union Paving
ana .on. racting company, sixty days on bitumen
pavement.
California, Cherry to First avenue— To Union
Paving and Contracting Company, sixty days on
bitumen pavement.
Leaven worn. -North Point to Bair street— To J.
J. > ''Connor, six days on -railing.
Filbert ani P.erce— io J. J. o'Counor, fifteen
days tor cuiver.s, etc.
EXTENSION OK TIME RECOMMENDED.
B street. Seventh to E'gblh avenues— To J. G.
Conroy, thirty days on g. ailing, etc.
Stauyon SUmf Fultou to Fell— To J. J. Darling,
sixty days In pa vein nt.
Washing on, __.uiu._i to Laguna— Same.
Laguna. Clay to Sacramento— Same. .
RECOMMENDED FOB FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Devisa* eio, i rem to Union — Basalt
Cole, Page to Haight — Bit amen.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga— Bitumen.
Baker, Fulton toMc. Bitumen.
Bush. steiner to Pierce— Bitumen.
Steiner, J . _*..**. to F ci He— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO A RESOLUTION OB
DERING.
Thirteenth street, Alpine to Devisadero—Sew
ers, etc.
Twenty-second street, Noe to Sanchez— Curbs.
sidewaUs, cc*.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Guerrero street. Twenty-second to. Tweuty
third—Joseph G. Harney, lor bituminous Dave
menu
Lombard street. Van Ness avenue to Lyon
slreei— City Street Improvement Company, for
same.
Webster and Francisco streets— Warren & Mal
ley. tor contract to macadamize.
Eighteenth sireet and Corbett avenue—
don Heights Improvement club, to connect
sewers.
North Beach and Mission Bailroaa Company—
Preclta Vai. ey Improvement Club, for declaring
franchises along certain stree a null and void.
Alabama street, Nineteenth to Twentieth— John
Center, tor contract to macadamize.
Farallon street, Capitol to Plymouth— J. It.
Blanchard, for contract to macadamize.
Lobos slreei, Plymouth to Capitol—Property
owners, for grading, etc.
si. Joseph's avenue, Geary to Turk— Western
Addition Improvement Ciub, for grading, paving
and sewering.
Precita avenue, Folsom to Alabama and sooth
of Bernal Park— Daniel Sulllvan, for regulating
width of sidewalks.
Page street. Lyon to Central aveuue—Property
owners, ior permission to retain stone curbs.
Broderick street, Green to Union—Property
owners, for i oslpouemeniof graamg and rejection
of bids.
Sanchez street. Army to Twenty-ninth— 1 roper
ty-o sju-n. to resume laying of sidewalk*.
Lombard and Broderick— M. Dewitt, for estab
lishment of grade.
Thirteenth avenue, L to M streets— John Kelso,
for permission to proceed with grading.
Mltaloo street— i itizens, for remedying condl
tiou of Canal-street culvert.
Pierce and Filbert— Pacific Paving Company.for
permission to use bituminous roctc instead 6: ba
salt.
Sixth avenue, Cement to Cali fornla— Felix Mc
iiugb. for contract to remacadamlze.
Sagamore street, Capitol toP y mouth— L. Brown,
for renewal of grading proceedings.
li street. Eighth to Ninth avenues— Solomon
Ge.z <fc Bro, permission to grade, construct aide
walks, etc.
Finn avenue. Point Lobos avenue to Clement
street— Property-owners, for exclusion of side
walks from work to be done.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTER.
Bus., sireet. Webster to Fillmore — Jesse G, Go
bey, aelausi laying of artificial -stone sidewalks.
H street. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues— P. F.
Butler, against laying of plank Mdewalk *.
Fhbort a* reet, sieiner to Pierce—Property-own
ers, against paving, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO FIBE COMMISSIONERS.
Piedmont and Epstein— Mrs. K. Thayer, tor hy
drant.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Ash avenue, Lagnna to Buchanan— Pacific Pav
ing Company, from a-s* »_ment for paving, etc.
GRADES MODIFIED OR ESTABLISHED. ■.'
Bay street, on northerly line at west * ard line of
Montgomery avenue— l.slab. ished at 19 feet. :
Bay 8 reet, on southerly cub line at point at
ri. hi angles southerly from northwesterly corner
of Bay and Montgomery avenue— Established at
til. 17 feat.
PROPOSALS ORDERED BEADVEBTISED.
Bay street, Jones to Leavenworth — Paving, etc
CITY ENGINEER'S BEPOBT.
De Boom Tract and spring Valley Homestead-
Grades already recommence l most favorable.
Blchland avenue and Last Park street— Change
of grade recommended.
Fii'tieen.h ay. uue and P straet— Grading esti
mated
REPORT Or STREET COMMISSIONER.
Brady street to Weal Miss. in favor of re
moving obstructions.
Eighteenth stn el, Noe to Sanchez— ln favor of
proieeding with work of paving, etc. . -
York streeu Twenty -first to I wenty-second— ln
favor of paving provided contract is completed
within lbO days irom date on lace.
Water strait, Mason to laytor— ln favor of pav
ing. -••,,.
cole street, Haight to Waller— Same.
Minnesota and Twenty-second streets favor
of rewering.
Turk street. Masonic tost. Joseph avenues— ln
favor of reducing width.
Union and Mason sir ets— ln favorof repairing.
Broderick. Filbert to Gr en wich— ln favor of
pos poning grading 'Or six months.
Clement street. First to Second avenues— ln
favor of postponement of work for six months.
Clemen stree.. Third to Fourth avenues— frame.
Third avenue. Point Lobos avenue to Clement
street— \
Guerrero street. Nineteenth to Twentieth— In
favor or artificial* stone sidewalks.
Filbert street,, Devisadero to Pierce— ln favor of
sewers. __*--.»-.
Mission street. Highland and Crescent avenues—
In favor of paving.
Green, Mason to Taylor— Against construction of
aid .-walk .
.' ourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Against re
gradi ,g. Majority protest slops proceedings for
six months*
Gough, Eddy to Ellis— Paving contract with J
U. O'Brien nttirmed.
Fulton a reel, Lyon to Central avenue— ln favor
of paving.
Posi, scott to Devisadero— ln favor of sidewalks
B street, Sixth and seventh avenues— Against
grailng.
Thirteenth street. Buena Vls'a avenue to Alpine
street— ln favor of overruling objection to paving.
Bay street— ln avur cf order chancluE and
establishing grades.
■ .I. li**- - to Race.
There will be a footrace at the Presidio next
Sunday at 2 o'clock between Private Rules
from Fort Mason and Private Puckett of the
Presidio. Both men. who have made records
as sprinter**., have been in training for some
days for the event.
NEW TO-DAY.
___________
Street Improvement Co.
booms II ie 45, Fifth Floor, IRills Buildin;.
Telephone Slain 5377.
TACRAMENTO OFFICE: .11 J STREET.
H. dotard 12 J.w. Mcdonald. Pre*
C. B. STONE j 2 W. E. DENNISON, Sea,
T. B. BISHOP I*s} COL. G. H. MENDELL
J.W. Mcdonald | _ corps of Engineer* C S.A.
W.E. DENNIaONJ.. (Retired).
CONSULTINO EXQINICKB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, I All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
Bin-lE., rag. I __Ua. ■"*"""*
P ft P COMPOSITION AND
L ' « D' GRAVEL RO3FIN3.
Paraffine Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
D ft D BUILDING
n __ Di PAPFP . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
PS3CLADDiNG.!IcB[4N&CO.
Ej_&UlSl3sB-1360 MARKET ST.
S'JHIiB _VO_.KS.LI_.COLN CAL
WANT THE PARK
SHOWN BY MODEL
Hamburg Desires to Study
Our Big Pleasure
Ground.
Official Invitation to Exhibit
Stow Lake and Other
Attractions.
At the Forthcoming Fair There WiU
Be a Comparison of the World's
Breathing-Places.
The purpose of inviting San Francisco
to take part in the general horticultural
exhibition at Hamburg, Germany, during
the present year becomes clear in view of
the statement that "in oriter to bring out
and give a clear idea of its h rticuttural
character it is proposed to exhibit plans,
models, etc., of the most noted State and
city parks, public gardens, promenades,
greeneries and pleasure grounds.''
Tnis statement is included in the official
invitation which has been received by the
Board of Supervisors. It is practically an
invitation to exhibit a model or map of
Golden Gate Park as illustrative of the
beauties of San Francisco. "For the
above mentioned objects," so the invita
tion reads, "it is the intention to erect a
distinct and spec pavilion, for which a
place is prospectively reserved. The plac
ing of objects for exhibition in this pavilion
is to be done uniquely, at the committee's
own cost, who wiil also attend to keeping
clean and guarding the exhibits free of
expense."
Andreas Mayer, chief engineer of the
city of Hamburg, writes: "As a member
of the committee, as well as of the di
rectory of the technical sub-committee. 1
have taken it upon myself to invite the ad
ministration of larpe cities who have spe
cially valuable public parks, gardens,
lawns and pleasure grounds under their
control and management, to participate
in this proposed collective exhibition. I
devote myself to this und rtaking with
special zeal for the rea-on that in my offi
cial position I have charge < f the large
public parks and gardens of this munici
pality, and am convinced of the great im
portance of jointly bringing out this exhi
bition and through it a possible exchange
of views and comparisons of the eff ct of
different local and climatic conditions on
the horticultural management of public
parks and gardens in the larger cities."
The suggestion is also thrown out that
Go.den Gate Park may be represented by
a large model or map. The exhibition
will be held in the heart of the city of
Hamburg, in a handsomely improved
par., embracing an area of fifty-live acres.
The buildings will be around the sides of
the park, In one of the buildings will be
a rosarium, a rose exhibition taking up
alone a space equivalent to the area of a
whole _iiy block, according to the scale of
measurements laid down upon a map
which accompanied the official invitation,
lhe exhibit .on is in the hands of a com
mittee of which the Mayor of Hamburg is
the chairman. The invitation, which is
In German, has been translated by Dr.
Salfield for the convenience and consider
ation of the Board of Supervisors. The
expense attendant upon an exhibition of
the peculiarities of Golden Gate Park
would probably be confined to the cost of
making and shipping a large model.
THE DIMOND TRUST.
Horace G. Piatt Tires of His Duties in
Regard to This Property.
Horace G. Piatt and B. P. O iver have
sued the heirs and beneficiaries from the
estate of the late General W. H. Dimond,
including Eleanor Sophia Jarboe, Paul R.
Jarboe, Wary Gray Tobin, Joseph S.
Tobin, John Dimond Jarboe and Edwin
K. Dimond, for the purpose of securing a
settlement of all matters and responsi
bilities ari«ine out of the trust created by
General Dimond for the benefit of his ?h I
dren, and to place affairs in such a condi
'..•_.'•_ ■::- pew to-dat:
FIIRE!
SMOKE!
WATER!
UNDERWRITERS' FORCED
SALE of the Entire Stock of
LADIES', MISSES' and CHIL-
DREN'S JACKETS, SUITS, FURS,
WAISTS, MACKINTOSHES, UN-
DERSKIRTS, etc., of
LOEWENTHAL'S
Cloak and Suit Mouse,
914 Market Street.
Sale commences Wednesday,
February 10, 1897, at 9:30 A. M.
1.. A. Bertelln*. Pre* H. Nordman. V!e<"*-Pre_.
A. W. Kirk, sec. Jo» Nordman, Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
13 A POWERFUL AFH* ODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary oriranj
of Loth sexes, -ad a great remedy for diseases it
the kidneys and bladder. A (treat Restorative^
Invigorator and Nervine Sells on its own Merits;
DO long-winded testimonials nece aary.
NAI.KK, AL.-S _*. UKWK, Agents.
323 Market St.. __- F. — (Send for Circular)
*__! »__* Vfill "^ore Tnroat, 7 1 Copper***
*tIA. IUU col'jrcd .-pots, Aches. Old Bones J*
jJHL'icers In Month, Ilair-K-Ullngf "Write COOKS
'®G"£_IEDY CO., i_->7 Masonic Temple JK
flChlca*o, 111., for proofs cf cures. Capl-UB
Stiil, f.500, 000. Worst cases cored In IStB
Bfro a& daya. 100-pac- book _>_c. ■ J^
-
tion that Trustee Piatt may resign from
the trust and be exonerated" from respon
sibility, leaving Mr. -Oliver as the sole
trust-e.
A report is filed showing that the total
amount of money received up to the Ist of
February, 1897, is $29,432 66 and the sum
disbursed is $19,447 69, leaving on hand
$9964 97. The securities are said to be of
such a character that they cannot now be
sold at a profit.
POUND IN THE BAI.
The Waves Cast Up a Body. Supposed to
Be That of I) omen co Arbini.
The body of a man supposed to be that
of Domenico Arbini was picked up in the
bay off Goat Island by a boatman yester
day morning.
The body had evidently been in the
water for some time, as the features were
unrecognizable. Papers in the pockets of
clothes, which appeared to be those of
an Italian fisherman, showed that he bad
sent considerable sums of money to Italy
during the past few years.
An envelope addressed to Domenico
Arbini containing a letter signed "Muda
lena Arbini" was also found. The body
was placed in the Morgue and an inquest
held, the verdict of the jury being "Cause
unknown."
ALE-drinkers, as a class, are very slow to
change the brand around which their affe.
tio:i centers, and can be only won by addi
tional virtues such as Evans' India pale ale
and brown stout possess. Sherwood <_ Sher
wood, Pacific Coast agents. *
SHARKEY AND MAHER.
The Sailor Champion Demands
a Big Purse for a Finish
Fi?ht.
immons and C.rbett Will Have
Four We ks to Train for the
Championship.
According to a dispatch which was re
ceived yesterday Quinn, the backer of
Peter Maher, is anxious to learn if Tom
Sharkey would fight Maher to a finish in
Carson on March 17. Danny Lynch, the
backer and manager of Sharkey, said last
evening that his protege is residing at
Vallejo and has heard nothing substantial
relative to a purse for a fight between
himself and Maner— that is, so far as the ;
Nevada stake is concerned.
"I have in my pocket," said Lynch, "a
letter from the president of a New York
athletic club. The writer states that if
Sharkey will meet Maher in a contest of
ten rounds the club will hang uo a purse
of $7500. If everything goes well Sharkey
may accept this offer, but we intend to go
NEW TO-DAY
IPP^a DEBILITY
Kjß^l_______-fea__.-_i^%^-^?^_i I TOO common among men of
(s* .sBM_s'^ . : __fe_s^l__^^ "*■ the present day. It is the certain result
'^7^!>ms\\^^^,M-^^. °- early excesses and disregard oi the laws
-Vml^ 1 ."._...---•• ' '''* °' nature, and often comes from overwork
j . mental worry and exposure. It is wreck-
ng the bappi A ness of thousands of young, middle-aged or old men. Do
rou suffer from $&f&£, i- ■ If so, you can be cured. The power of the nerves is
Electricity, and Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worn for a few hours each
lay it will re "s.fei^onew the power in the nerves, make the weakened parts
i ealt h y and Wrl^ strong, and in two or three months will cure the worst case
>f nervous or - *" vital weakness. If you are lacking in any way the vigor of
hood you should try
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
"Your Belt has cured me of varicocele and weakness of twenty-six years' stand-
ing," writes L. L. Jaccard of San Leandro, Cal.
The value of this wonderful Belt cannot be overestimated. Men
vho have been broken down for years have been made as good as new
3y it. Men who had been doctoring for years without getting any re-
lief have been cured in two months by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It
nas proven worth its weight in gold to men who needed its help. Try
t. Read Dr. Sanden's famous American work, "Three Classes of
Wen." It is free. Sent by mail, closely sealed, free.
_-s_-_-.-_-rX33E3.Kr ***_________ OTIITO 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Snndays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
tray; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
-nO'l-.— _.i*_e no mistake m tht_ number— Q3Q Market street-
, . — _ _: , ; —
<_3* TABELBS
are prepared from a prescription widely used by practicing physicians,
as being an effectual cure for Dyspepsia, Headache, Constipation, Dizzi-
ness, Biliousness and all disorders of the Stomach. Liver and Bowels.
Most all of human ills are caused, or augmented by, failure of the digest-
ive organs to properly transform food into blood, muscle and tissue.
Years of medical experience have evolved this formula as the best for the .
correction of stomach disorders, and the stimulation of the digestive
organs to a proper assimilation of food. Ripans Tabules are conven-
ient in form, permanent in excellence, infallible in curing all disorders of
the stomach, and diseases arising therefrom, and 7 - .7
ONE GIVES RELIEF.
, '* ,,,, ' , M
S^I^MSi'RESTOREDv^SS
fii JyT <*_? pT §■_£_* -txr. fit - l °n OI a famous French physician, will quickly cureyou of all ner-
(_f> /C.\l\ r ', onß or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
(S&llft MANHOOD RESTOREDvSIS
V* <*? &x WvS. •*©_ l» tlo u ox a famous French physician, wil! quickly cure you of all ner-
.*_. /Cti/\_r *, \T otm or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
88^1 __(*«-/ Vi ___-J lusomnu^Palns In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
EH I _&*""'& V WV' Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains Varicocele and
KB XT' r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
pH %_•..*.' nessof discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFOOL «mb AFTPB all the horrors of Impotency. CUPIOEJIK cleanses theiiver, an
a__ r v r-. c. _i.DMri__._-_ kidneysand the urinary organs of all impurities.
"T CCPTOESE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per ent are troubled with
Proatatitla. CDPIDENE is the only kiin.. . remedy to cure without an operation. 5000testlmonl.
al*. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent euro*
a box, six for $5.00, by maiL Send for fe_e circular and testimonials. ■
Addreu JDAVO*- MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street San Francisco, CaL For sale by
_>l;ouK.' PHARMACY, _._._» Powell _tr_#_.
slow and sure. Now, so far as a finish
fight with Maher in Nevada is concerned,
we have heard nothing excepting news
paper talk. _
"I consider that Sharkey is as big a
drawing card as either Fitzsimmons or
Corbett, yet I am willing to match Tom
against Maher in a contest to a finish if
Stuart will hg__._> up a purse of $10,000; but
as there is only a limited time for either
Maher or Sharkey to train properly for a
finish fight, which must be pulled off in
Nevada on the 17th of March, I have
reason to believe that the men \gill not
meet in the Sagebrush State. v
"1 had a talk with Wheelock, who is
one of Stuart's managers, when he was in
this City, and I then gave him to under
stand that if Stuart was looking for a sec
mid attract]. and hai Maher and
Sbarkey in his mind's eye he must
Kut up $10,000 or there wouid not bea
ght.
'•Wheelock thought that the amount of
the purse I demanded was too much, but
when I aided him a telegram wi.ichl
had received from a prominent Eastern
sporting man concerning an offer made
by one of the big Eastern clubs for a ten
or fifteen round contest between Maher
ami Sharkey he soon changed bis mind,
and said that be would write to Stuart
and explain the situation. I have heard
nothing since from Wheelock or Stuart,
and I presume that their silence means
that there will not be a meeting between
Peter and Tom in Nevada. If a match
were made I would not hesitate a moment
to back Sharkey in any sum from $1000 to
$5000 a side, but Mr. Siler would not be
the referee.
"Corbett and Fitzsimmons selected
Siler by mutual consent. Dan Stuart
would have to select the referee if Maher
and Sharkey fought, and any man whom
Stuart would elect to referee the game
would be perfectly satisfactory to me."
Harry Corbett left this City yesterday
for Carson, where he will meet his brother
Jim. They are expected in this City on
Thursday. After Jim has had a few days
with his relatives he will leave for his
training station in the mountains.
Billy Delaney will be his principal
trainer. Very few bets have been made
in this City on the result, and it can be
safely said that the sporting people who
gamble on contests pugilistic will not
wager any large sums of money until they
have had an opportunity of "sizing up"
v the champion, who, according to latest
reports irom the East, is back to his old
form and feeling as frisky as a two year
old colt. But there are many of the sage
old boys who contend that if Corbett can
recuperate. as speedily as his friends iv the
East report he must be a really wonderful
man.
An old trainer of prize-fighters and one
who has witnessed many hard-fought
battles said last night that to his knowl
edge this will be the first time that two
prize-fighters concluded that four weeks
of training would be amply' sufficient to
place them in the best possible condition
to enter a ring and to contest to a finish
for a championship.
Fitzsimmons is evidently in good fettle
now, and if Corbett is in as good form as
his iriends say, lour weeks of careful train
ing should land him within the roped
square in a condition that will be satisfac
tory to his ( friends and the betting public.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.'
Coffee dull.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Corn. Oats acd Rye neglected.
Hay, Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before. .
Poultry nominal. Game dull.
All Fruits very quiet.
Provisions inactive.
lair trading in Wool.
Reef steady.
Hides d 1 and unchanged.
Decreased receipts or Wine.
WINE ANO BRANDT RECEIPTS.
Receipts of Wine at this port ln January were
937,212 ga'lons. against 1,083,580 in January.
1896. Of Brandy there were 39,390 gallons,
against 30,790.
0 Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
*© Cloudy Ram (D Snow
15 _ »"_ , _\.i .n
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low-" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result,
WEATHER tIKKAD REPORT.
Uxitep States Department of Agricul
ture, Weather Bureau, Sax FRANCISCO, Feb.
8, 1897, si: v. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with tho_te of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four boars:
Eureka, 32.04. last season 24.73. past 24
hours .04: Red Bluff 18.50, last season 13.83, past
24 hours .00; San Francisco 16.71. las. season
12.42, past 24 hours .OJ; Fresno 7.85, lav season
4.09. past 24 hours .00: San Luis ohisoo 14.99,
last season 12.25, past 24 hours, .02: Los Angeles,
11.01, last season 5.91, past 24 hours .00; San
Diego 7.25, last season 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.66, last season .46. past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 65,
minimum 47. mean 51.
l here has be n a slight rise in pressure over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. Conditions are
still umavorable for settled fair weather. Kain
has fallen from Eureka northward. 1 hare have
also been light rains in Nevada ana Utah.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the entire Pacific Slope.
Forecast ' made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. February 9, 1897.
Northern California Showers Tuesday in north
ern portions; cloudy in southern portions; fresh
southerly winds.
southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
wester!--- winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Rain Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco" and vicinity— Tuesday;
westerly winds.
Alexander Mcadie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOLK MARKETS.
Pin uncial.
NEW* YORK. N. V.. Feb. B.— Considering all
the developments during the day's session at the
Stock Exchange the markets for securities held
up remarkably well. The news and rumors were
well calculated to mark depression, but except in
the case ofthe industrial group the bears made
but little impression upon values. The first thing
that gave operators for a decline courage was tbe
receipt of lower quotations and of selling orders
from London. Then came the State Senate inves
tigation committee's inquiries into the affairs of
the sugar trust, which invited an attach upon
that stocK under which It broke nearly 3 per cent
tolll3/ g . a block ofthe stock, which has been
hanging over the market fcr many days, was dis
lodged by the decline. Tobacco fell I*4 to 71^;
Leather prefer. cd lV_.to_-li4. American Spirits,
%to 13 1/4. ana prele red IVito 32 Vi- In the re
mainder of the list the losses were only J/4 to 1 per
cent, although great efforts were put forth to
muse capital out of the vague rumors concern
ing an alleged disruption 01 the Joint Traffic Asso
ciation. The crow. effort of the bears, how
ever, was a cunningly devised statement that a
fl.-et had been ordered to Cuba to release A men
can prl-uone.s. The denial of this sensational re
port came so promptly irom Wasjlugton ihat the
ins. lusters wee unable to carry Into execution
their purpose of breaking the market, and in he
last hour they were running In lively fashion to
over their short. 3. Sugar moved up over two
points, rising to 118%, other stocks recovered 14
to IVs Per cent fro _. the lowest, the latter in
Leather preferred. Manhattan, Metropolitan Trac
tion and General Electrio were noticeably weak
and yielded %to J per cent on compararive.y
llgnt offerings. It haa been supposed that Gen
eral Electric would be benefited by the official
statement that the company bad secured the con
tract to equip th*_ surface lines recently acq u red
by the Metropolitan Tract. ou Company wlin the
underground trolley. The day's operations re
suited la an addition to the outstanding short In
terest. Specu.attoi closed quiet and firmer n
tone. Tue transactions aggregated 1h6,977
shares, including 7_s,UOU Sugar, 10,600 Leather
preferred, 10.30.. St Paul, B*oo Burllng.on and
7000 A merl an Spirits. Net changes show losses
of '4@1 14 percent. Tobacco leading.
Bonds were irregular, but In the main firm
-.-ales footed up 91,524,000. American Spirits
sixes rose iy a to 79%. Brooklyn Warehouse. I*4
to 9_Vi: Erie first consolidated 214 to 143- Lake
Erie aud Western firsts, 1 1/4 to 110: Long'lsland
general fours, 2 to 87: Oregon Short Line consoli
dated fives certificates * A to 76y 2 , and Utah
Southern general sevens certificates 4<V_tto7fil_,
Chicago aud Northern Pacific fives cer. locates I _ii
1 to 42; Chicago lias first*, 1.095; Norluwestern
gold coupon sevens, 1 to 116: St Paul, Chicago
and Pacific sixes, iy 2 to 117. and Standard Rom
and Twine Incomes, 1 to 27. Standard Rope and
Twine sixes advanced 1 10 75, but later broke to
73V_. with a subsequent rally to 75.
In Government bo ads 25,000 coupon fonra of
1926 sold at 122y 2 . H "jours or
Grain.
FLOUR-Dull and steady. Winter wheat low
grades, $2 30@3 30; fair to fancy, 93 50®4 60- do
patents, $4 75ff15; Minnesota dear, $3 50 am
00 straights, $4@4 45; do patents, $4 10.54 I__■1 __■
low extras. 92 30@3 30; City Mills, $4(^6- do
patents, $. .a. 5 25: Rye m-xture, 93@3 oO- su
perfine, «2@2 80; fine, 91 80®.' 05.
t-oulhern flour, quie. .steady: common to fair
extra, 93 SO®:. 60: good to choice do. *3 75a4.
Rye flour, steady, quiet, at $2 6003.
«, _2S?, MKA1 -"* D -- ,1 slea< - y- Yellow Western,
vi yu(__* -•
RYE— Dull, firmer. Western, 40Vic, cut Buf- ■
falo.
BARLEY"— Quiet, easier; feeding 28V_c. c. 1. f.
Buff. T" *-
WHEAT— DuII, easier, closing steady. No 2
red f. o. b., 95 .£@9sVfec; ungraded, 78@»3c: No
1 Northern, B>.iaiß9c. ■
Options opened wean and declined "VfeaVic with
the West, rallied %<<_.. con decrease stocks.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
.l Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1954.
-KSTRA I. OFFICE
€2.. Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur 1y <t Atkinson,
Maua.ers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown OCHce— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager!.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qao
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. * PIUVAIL Witts, NEW YOfUC.
firm . cables, foreign buying acd local covering:
fell "' @ic on local liquidation, closing steady at
unchanged prices to J/s c dtcilne with buying mod
erate. May and July mow active. No 2 red Feb
ruary, 84Vic: •-•___ 85%_; May 826-^c; July, I
795/rc; September. 771/80-
CO'f.v mi l. weaker. No. 2, 28Si@29V&c eleva
tor: 295i@301.fe5 afloat.
Options were dull and weak at 3' 8 c decline on in
creased stocks, weak West ami local realizing.
May an.l July only fa-led in. February, 243/ 8 c;
May. 298/ic; July, 30% c.
OATS- Dull, steady.
options dull. Weaker. February, 21s/.c; May,
81*40) July, -2»_c
spot prices: No. '_ 21 Vie: do white. 24c: No. !
2 Cnicago. 22V_tO; No X. 20V*.c; No. 3 white. 22c:
mixed Western. °.'l@24c; do white, 21(&30c: '
white State, 21 <§_30c.
Provisions.
ÜBH- Quiet, firmer. Western steam. $4: City,
93 60; May,?* 12 nominal; refined, nominal, quiet;
Continent. $4 25; South American, $4 60; com
pound, -_4s4Vjc.
PORK — steady, moderate demand, new mess,
$-*®8 75.
L L 'li KP. — Fairly active, firm. Western Cream
ery. 13@2iy-|c; do factory, 7@l4c: Elgins, 2i@
21V*c: imita.lon creamery. 21_j,21 ' «c.
» ii KKSK— strong, fair demand. Part skims,
6f__9^c; full skims. 3©:. i -cv
____-._— and steady. Jenbouse, $-@3 30;
Western fresh. 16c; limed 13@13-is .
TALLOW— Quiet, steady. Cuy,"..B/gc; country,
3Vs@3V.ic.
i UNSEED Oil Firm. Crude, 20c; yel
low prime. 2ic.
RICK— Ki-m, fairly active. , Domestic, B <3_*c:
Japan, 4V*i@4 .._,<•■■
Moi_as..ks— Steady, moderate demand. New
Orleans, 2:i(js32c.
COFFEE— Inactive, 5 to 10 points down. March,
fit 25; May, $.) 35. Spot Rio dull, steady: No. 7,
9 , 8 c: 9%c afloat.
allOAtt- Quiet, steady; off A, 3%<§.4c; mold A,
4V&C; stand .rd A, 4Vic; confectioners' A, 4Vgc;
cut loaf and -in-, 4" 8 c: powdered, 41 3 c;
granulated. 4V4c; cubes, 4V2C
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9@llc.
Li- ACHES — Peeled, boxes 12 B @l6c. unpeeled,
bags 7@9 -.
PRUNES — Four sizes nominal, 6y 8 c
Raisins— l wo crown L. M., -IV 4 £4 1/2 a; three
crown, sVi@sVic: four crown, 6(s6V^c; Londou
layers. (1 3501 4 5; clusters, $1 4 £1(3)1 80.
A 1 MONDs— Soft shell. b@9V._c. paper shell,
liaise. .--.•*.. _*V
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell. 9c.
HOPS— Quiet; Pacific Coast. 3-Va@l3c
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; pulled 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
no IRON— Moderately active. American, $11
©13.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $12.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic »3 22Vi@3 27Vfc.
-IN— Dull. Straits, *13 46 13 55; plates,
moderate demand.
SPELTER— Firm. Domestic. *3 50@4 12 Vs-
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. The changes in prices
of wheat this morning hinged on the changes in
stocks at the different points including in the visi
ble supply. The Immediate opening was rather
easy at a decline from Saturday, indifference at
Liverpool and large receipts in the Northwest, 511
cars, being the topics of interest untler discussion
and their digestion proving inimical to prices.
After the initial trading was over, however, atten
tion was turned to the posting or stocks. When
New York's decrease of 860,000 bushels was
posted an upward jump of a cent took place. The
final footings showed a total decrease of 1,708.000
bushels. The world's shipments tor last week
were estimated a: 5,600.000 bushels.
The amount on ocean passage was 60,000 bush
els. Receipt at Chicago were 13 cars and 79,
--013 bushels was taken from store. The Euglish
visible supply increased 1,463,000 bushels, the
announcement of which caused a slump ln prices
and converted a strong tone into a weak one. Ex
port clearances were liberal at 627,044 bushes.
Closing Continental cables were irregu ar. May
wheat opened from 76V^c to 765 B e, advanced to
76 % c, declined to and closed at 76V4©76%c.
s.'g® Vic under Satur ay. Estimated receipts lor
to-morrow, 28 cars. No. 2 red. spot, wheat ranged
from 85VgC to 87% c, closing at 85V^@86V^c.
CORN— Was very steady but prices gained lit
tle. That they did not depreciate was, however,
considered encouraging. 'Ihe strength in wheat
was naturally a help ln preserving the tone of
corn. Liverpool cables were quiet aud unchanged.
Receipts were 478 cars and 2226 buihels were
taken from store. The amount on ocean passage
decreased B J, O0 J bushels- The visible supply in
creased 1,394.000 bushels. Export clearances
were 728,000 bushels The break In wheat in the
last hour exerted a detrimental influence. May
corn opened at 24V4c, sold b tween 24V4@24!_j*c
and 23"f'' B ©24c. closing at the inside, 3/ c unuer
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 640
cars.
OATS— Were steady to firm, obtaining strength
from the neighboring speculative markets. Re
ceipts were 357 cars. There were no withdrawals
from store. The visible supp increased 152,000
bushels Exports were light at 20,558 bushels.
Prices weakened at the close on the general in
clination ot the other markets to decline. May
oats closed half a cent lower than Saturday. Es
timated receipts for to-morrow, 490 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash No. _, 74-Vfec;
Northwestern, 7c Vic: May, 77c; July, 7aVsc;
September, 7934 c. Receipts were 41 cars.
PROVISIONS— There was ouite a shortage ln
the receipt of hogs this morning from what was
expected, and prices o: products benefited thereby.
At the yards there was 6@loc advance, and pro
visions appreciated -to correspond. May pork
closed a shade higher; May lard and ribs each V_>c
higher.
JBUTTER— The butter market was active and
firmer to-day. Receipts showed no falling off, but
the demand was urge it and fancy makes made a
slight advance in price. • ....
Creameries — Extras. 20V_.c: firsts. 18© 19c:
seconds, 1401 6 c: imitations, fancy. 1.-01 4 c. Dairies
— Extras. 17c: firsts. 14©1& C: seconds. 9010 c.
Ladles— Extras, ll©12c: Urns, -.yotfy Vie" p»<-__luj:
nock. 8c; grease, 2y>@3c; roll butter, lOolOi_c.
EGGS— Firm, fairly active and higher. Receipts
were not l«ri.e an.l the demand was good. Fresh
stock, 14 Vie V dozen.
MONEY— Was 4y 2 ©5 Xon call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 26c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT-February, 76c; May. 76V3@"eSsc:
July, 72Vi@7_3/ic.
CORN —February, / i@2l';.gC; May, 23%@
24c: July. 2.ic.
OATS— February. 15V__. May. 17V4c; July, 18c.
FORK— May, *7 65: July, $7 80.
LARD— May. *3 8-V_: Jo. v. $3 92-. J.
RIBS— May, *3 9_.y 2 ; July, *4 02*V_;.
Livestock.
CNION STOCKYARDS. Ili.. Feb. 8.- Atter
the advance last week of 16@25c per 100 pounds
for cattle resulting from large receipts no surprise
was created this morning when the run was posted
as 18,000 bead. This is a large supply for these
times. The demand was good, the beef-coolers be
ing empty, but buyers too* advantage of the in
creased supp y to for a decline of 10 cents In
beef steers, prime ones excepted. The quality of
stock showeo no Improvement. Country shippers
are sending fewer hogs to market, as many feed
ers are' unwilling to sell at present prices. Re
ceipts to-day were only 32,000 bead against 44,860
last Monday ai.d 30,545 a year ago. Packers and
shippers were active buyers, and tbev paid about
6 cents per 100 pounds more than at the close of
last wees, the supply being well taken. In sheep,
fortunately for seders, there was no more than a
good day's supply, the receipts b.'lng estimated at
16,000 head as compared wiih 21,898 last Monday
and 21,170 on the corresponding day a year ago.
Tbere was an excellent demand and prices were
strong.
CATTLE— Receipts, 18.000. Fancy beeves, 96 30
@.** 40; choice to prime steers, (4 80@5 26: good
to choice steers, 94 50@4 85: medium steers. 94 20
@4 45; fair beef steers. 93 90@4 16; common beef
steers. 93 60@3 85: good to prime stockers and
feeders S3 85*3,4 15: fair to good stockers ana feed
ers, .3@3 80: bulls, choice to extra, $3 30(_t3 76;
bulls, poor to < hoi c, $2 Übfg,'A 25; cows and heifers,
choice to prime, 9360(&4i&; cows, fair to choice,
$2 50(5)3 60; cows, common to fair canners, $1 75
(£2 46; calves, good to fancy. $5 50@_> 10: calves,
common to good, 93 00@5 40 lexa«. Ed steers,
$3 50Cd,4 35; 'lexas cows und bulls, 92 5(J@3 50;
milkers and springers, per head, $20@40.
HUGS— Receipts, 42.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, 93 2503 60: common to choice
mixed. 93 35&3 62%; choice assorted, 93 45C<__
3 55; light, 93 35tg,3 66: pigs. 93 ■_.'..:_>.. .Jr.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Inferior to choice,
92 50@4; lambs, 93 50©5.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOCTH OMAHA. Nkbb-. Feh. 8 -HOOB-Re
ceipts, 1300; market strong to 5c nlcher. Light
and mixed, 93 25Jt3 80; heavy, $3 _ 5 4,.. 20.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2000. Market wean for
beeves; others steady. Steers, 93 50(31 25: cows,
91 £o®4; feeders, S3@i.
SHEEP— Receipts, 350; market strong. West
ern muttons, 93 60; lambs, 94 60.
new York stocks.
Bonds. Kxchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at %@2X:* last loan x/ 2 %.
and closing at %£. Prime mercantile paper, 9%.
Sterling exchange dull, with actual business in
Dancers' bills a; 94 84%@4 84% for 60 days and
94 86%@4 86% for demand. Posted rates. 94 85%
04 b7Va- Commercial bills, 94 83%@4 84%. Bar
silver, b4?4c. Mexican dollars. 00s/__f<_i6l%c. Gov
ernment oonds steady State bonds dull: railroad
bonds firm. Silver was quiet.
cxosino stocks.
Aid Tei & Cable.... 87 North American. 4%
Atchison...... 14% Northern Pacific. 15
Preferred 24% -Pr.-ferreJ 37%
Adams Express.. . 148 Northwestern. 1037,,,
Alton, Terre Haute 56 I Preferred 153
American Ex press 1 lOViIN V Central 93
American tobacco 7 l»_.;N V, Cbicago&s't L 11
Preferred 100% Ist preferred 70
Bay State Ga5..... 11 ■ 2d preferred. 28
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15% N V A .. H 165
Brunswick Lands. */-'& V A New Engl. 37
Buffalo, Roch AP. 16«/ 4 Y. Susq A W.. ax/.
Canada Pacific 55% Preferred I 24%
Canada Southern.. 46 {Ontario. ... 10%
Canton Land. 60% Ontario A* Western 1454
Central Pacific ;11 Oregon lruprovmnt — ■
Ches & 0hi0....... 17% Prele-red.. .. _
Chicago Alton 164 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred ...... 174 Oregon Short Line. 1..
Chicago, B <fe Q.... 74 Vi Pacific Ma 11.... 25
Chicago* E 1U.... su Peoria. DA Evans 2
Preferred 9b * Pittsburg A W nfd. 15
Chicago Ga5.....;.. 77% Pullman Palace.... 154%
Clev- PllUDnrg.l6B% l Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 Preferred......... 10%
Consolidated Ga5. .148 'Reading .. 25%
CC C<& St Louis... 26% RloGrandeAWestn 12
Preferred. 76 j Preferred 38%
Colo Fuel A Ixca.. 36 Rock Island ... 66-2
Preferred. ....... 80 RomeWatAOgden.ll6'4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
Cotton Oil Cert.... Uy 8 St L W. 35/,
Commercial Cable. 150 I Preferred 10.*"...
Del Hudson... 108 st Paul 75 vi
Del Lack&Westru. 1621/4! Preferred 133
Denver __. R G 11 St Paul & Duloth.. 20
Preferred 4iv a Preferred 65
Distillers St Paul <fc Omaha.. 48%
General Electric... 35 _m Preferred 127
Erie 14»/ St PM <_ M 114
Preferred 34 Vs Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 165 Southern Pacific. 15Vs
Great Northern rMXSI {Southern Klt Bjh
<i reen Bay — — 1 Preferred 28Vs
Harlem .{92 {sugar Refinery 11 y»
Hocking Coal- 3% ! Preferred 102
Hocking Valley... 9» /4 Term Coal <fc lron.. 293/ 8
Homestake 35 * Preferred 80
Hit Texas Central Texas Pacific 9.4
Illinois Central.... 92 Toi A A &. N Mich.— —
lowa CentraL 7 'lo! Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 2.- Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 135/;, 10l _. Louis &X C t*Vs
Preferred SOV4J Preferred WVs
Kingston & Perm.. 3 lemon Pacific OTfc
Lake Erie _fc Westn 15Vi D P Den <fcOul_.... l^/a
Preferred 66 Cordage —
Lake Snore 152 j Preferred........
National Lead 223 /4 Guaranteed — —
Prelerred 88 US Express 36
Long island 47 Leather. BVi
Louisville & Nash. 49 4 Preferred 69 V* .
Louisvilie.N Aiony -*.., D S Rubber 21L a
Preferred ly* Preferred 74-. 4
Manhattan Con 89 ll'iica <_ R River. ..l6o
Memphis & Charts 35 IWab s> L & Paclflc. 6' 4
Mexican Central... «3 Preferred 16.4
Michigan Central.. B»Va Wells- Fargo 98
Mlnn&SL j Western Cnion b'-.i
Preferred 'Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn <fe St L com.. 19V_t ! Wheeling <fc L E... 2**' 2
Ist preferred 78 , Preferred 9%
2d preferred 47%' Am Cotton Oil pfd. 63
Missouri Pacific... 213 /V W 0 Beef 6V2
Mobile* Ohio 20 Air, Arbor BV3
Nashville & Chatt. 67y a ! Preferred... _.
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 19. 4
N J Central 9;. Erie 2d pfd. 21V_
Norfolk <_ West 11% > American Spirits.. ISM
Preierred 171,4! Preferred _. 323/,
los 1> _. BOS D_.
Ala Class A 45..... 106 Northern Pac lsts. 114*4
Do Class 84. ss.iU 4 | Do 2d-.
Alabama, class C. £8 | Do Sds. 86
Atchison 4s 8-y 8 l Loconsol6s 60
Do '-Ids A 473,4 Or lmprovmnt Ist. 85
Canada South Sds.lO? Do 6s .. 17
Cen Pac lsts of' 96 R fc N lsts. 112%
Cherokee 4s 1896.104 j Doconsol 5s —
Do 1897 104 Oi Short. Line 65... 11 '»
Do 1898 104 I Doconsol 5s 76Va
»01899 104 Pacific 0f '97....
Ches <fc Ohio 55....110y 3 PhilaA Reading 4s 81 %
Ch&N PTr Rets 42 ! Do Ist pfd lncom. 16' a
DC 3-663. 109V4 X GrandeWest lsts 73
Den ill. Ist lllVi StL<tlronMtGenss 76
•Do *s B«V_...St I,4_F d 5.,112
Erl . 2ds 66 St Paul Consols.... 131 .fr
FtW&DenClty lsts 67 St PC& Pa lsts ..11 Vi
*> H-fc Sa 6s 104 so Carolina 4-._,!.. 105
l>o2d7_* .6V2 Southern ll 05... S5y 2
Gen Elec Deb 55... 95V2 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 10 7
H <_. 'lex Cent 55.. .10S Term new 3s. 80
Docon6s. 102 Texas Pac 15t5..... t_BV_
lowa Central lsts.. 96Vi_exas Pac 2<ls. . . 21
Kansas Pa consols I'mon Pac lsts 96. 104
Ks Pa lsts Lien Divl 16fi L _4s reg of 1925. 122%
La Consol 4a 95Vi Do 4s, coupon.... 122%
Missouri funding... |C 8 4s reg of 1907. 11 1%
MX T 2ds_ 69V4 Do4s. coupon 11-_':i,
% , I*y*s1 *y*s 841/4 i Do 2s 95V»
Mobile Ohio 45.. 677 /8 Do ss. re„ 113^5
Mutual Union 6s..lHVi Do 6s. coupon.. 111%
N J Cent Gen 5»... 117 Va funding aeot... 02
N 1 CASt Louis 4slo6*V_t Do registered.
Nor* West lien 6s 120 I Do deferred 6a. 6
N Carolina con 4s. 101 Do trust rcpt stud 6VA
_. DoB 8 122 Wabash Ist Ss 106.1
North west Consols. 1401,4 West Shore 4«..,,,10g
» **eb 6a 111 i...
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL K_<... Feb. B.— The spot market
is quiet at 6s 7y_d. Cargoes are steady at 345, sell
ers, prompt shipment.
ITTCRKS..
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations tor No. 9 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 6s 3-'-id; Marco, 63 4-«4d: May, Us sVi_d:
July, 6s Via. J
raco-unas.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. s.— Consols, 112 13-16; sil
ver, 2t*3;d; French Rentes, 102 1 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days. _ 74 86
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 88y-
Sterling Cables _ 489
New York Exchange, sight *— 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — :__V_
Fine silver, per ounce .. . _ 64. _
Mexican Dollars . 0 2 t>->iZ
____: ra
PRODUCE MARKET.
"WHEAT ANl> OTUEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market is dull at unchanged
prices for shipping grades. Quoted at $1 S2-__.@
1 37V« for common grades, $1 38* < *i!sl 40 for aver
age .So. 1. $1 41Vi_i>l *2V_ 'or choice and $1 47- *,
<&1 621-3 1* ctl for extra coulee milling.
TALI. HOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4000
ctls. $1 401,4. December— 4ooo, sl 23.
Second -May 2000 ctls, $1 39V4; 4000.
*1 39: 6000, $1 38%. "• *
Regular Morxino session— December— 2ooo
ctls. 91 -J Vi: 6000, 91 21i. 4 May— .2.ooo, 91 38
--28,000. *i 081/8". 26,000,$ 4 .-014
AFTERNOON Session* - May-GOOO ctls, Sl 38
--8000. .$1 37*4; 8000. $1 57%: 80-0. B*l 37V_,*
20,000. 91 37-,'s- December— 2ooo, $1 Vo7_<; 4000*
91 '-IVs: 4000.91 211,4: 2000.91 21%
BAHhEY- Steady, with a moderate demand.
Feed, 76@,80c %» ctl; Brewing, H7 .<3(g*9JVfcc f>. ctl
CALL. BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Reoulak Morning session— May— 2000 ctls
79c; 2000. 79y 8 c
Afternoon session — May— 2ooo, 7914 c
OATS-Fancy Feed, $1 37V_ @l 45: Common
White, *1(__1 10: choice, 91 -6@l 35. according to
quality. Rlack for feed, 95c@91 06; lor seed, Sl 10
&1 26; Gray, $1 15@i 30; Red, Sl 10(0,1 20; Sur
prise. 91 45@1 56 Veil-
CORN— No improvement. Large Yellow. 75<a
77V4c; Small Round 00, 90c; White, 75@77V__c *!
ctl.
RY'K— B7V_(-92y»C "pctl.
BUCKWHEAT— "Quoted at Sl 15@1 25 3. ctl.
FLOCK ANO MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
94 B»@4 95; Bakers' extras. $4 75ffi4 85; Super,
fine 34@4 35 _. obi.
CORNMEAL ETC.— Feed Corn, $17@17 50;
Cracked Corn, $17 60318 fl ton.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour $2 85
•j. 100 lbs; Rye Flour, *2 75 f.TOO lbs: Rice Flour
(6 76: Cornmeal. 92 35: extra cream do. $3
oatmeal, $3 60; Oat _roats. *4; Hominy $3 10
©3 30: Buckwheat Hour, $3 20g,3 .0; Cracked
Wheat, 93 60: Farina, 94; Whole Wheat Flour
$3: Roiled Oats (bbl-,), $6 EOfii.s 90; Pearl Barley.
53 7504; Split Peas, $3 50; Green do, 94 26 a
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTCFFS.
Dealers quote previous prices.
BRAN— 9I2 sU<f_l3 for the best and $12 *. ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— for lower grades and
920(3.20 50 * ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley, $17 60018-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 _. ion; jobbing'
$27 60: clipped Cats, $1 3-Jft.l 60 _. ill.
HAY— Wheat, $f@ll; Wheat and Oat, $7<a
10; Oat, S6@9: Barley. $7^B 50: River Bane'
95(0.6 50; Alfalfa, 96.0.7 60; compressed. $6' _
9 60; stock, $6@6: th ver. $608 \*. ton.
STRAW— 2OObOc %_ bale.
BEAMS ANO SLEDS.
All descriptions are nominal and unchanged. '
BEANS — Bayos. 31 6031 60 *$ ctl; Small
Whites, $1 16W1 26 ~& ctl: Large Whites. $101 15 'f.
ctl; Pinks, 91 1001 25: Reds, Sl 1001 20: Black
eye, $1 10@1 16; Red Kidney, $2 60: Llmas, $1 70
©1 90: Butlers, $1 25©l 50; Pea, $1 I_>@l 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 50<a2 75; Yellow
Mustard, 81 75__2 9 ctl: Flax, 91 3601 40- Canary
6eed, l»4f(_K-.J*/4C * lb: Alfalfa, 6Vic: Rape. 2y a
U*/aC: Hemp, ac; Timothy, 4V»c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $101 20 '%* ctl; Green,
$1 4001 50 %>. ctl.
POTATOES, tNIONs, VEGETABLES.
potatoes and Onions ru e firm.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2©2V_c -*4 ft; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 2501 50; Early Rose. 75-§Bsc: River
Reds.7s©Bsc; Burbank Seedlings. 76080 c_. ctl for
Rivers and 9OCOSI 10 lor Salinas nod 70085 c for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks. 9(>cosl 10.
ONIONS— 3I t>o@2 %» ctl Oregons, $2 15.
VEGETABLES — Hothouse Cucumbers,
V. dozen; Asparagus. 100.5 c%_ lb: Rhubarb,
$2 * box: Los Angeles Summer Squash, 65
©86c \y, box: Los Angeles Oreen Peppers, 10©
60c: Mushrooms. 10@25c 'if- lb; Marrowfat squash.
$5@R wn; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c©$l "gl
box; Dried peppers, 7©Be _> tt>; Green Peas, -.'@4c
_* Ib; Los Angel, s String Leans. tiffllOc: Dried
Okra,Bo9c *_. lb; CabbHge. 40@50c *_*>"cU; Carrots,
26030 c m sack: Garlic, 1 V2©2c 3. lb.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Prices rule unchanged.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 21 22c: sec
onds. 18@19c fl lb.
Dairy— Fancy rolls, 15@16c: squares, 17c V lb;
good to choice. 13@14c; lower grades, 10©i2-*'2C.
Pickled— l3@l %i Ib for old and 17©lbc'ior
new.
Firkin— l3©l4c ft lb for old and 17018 c for
new. .
Creamery Tub— l6®l7c fl lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new Is quotable at
10c %. Ib: common to good old, B__9c fl Ib;
Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c V lb; Young America,
lie; Western, 11012 c: Eastern. 14014i 3 cf. lb.
EGGS— No lower, but easy. Ranch Eggs, I6(g,
18c: store Eggs, 14@15c; Eastern, 14c c doz.
, POtJETKY- AND GAME.
POULTRY- Nominal.
Live Turkeys, 15©16 c ■_. tb for Gobblers. 15©
16c V lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 16©20 cfl D>:
Geese, V pair, $1 6003; Goslings, $2 5003; Ducks,
54 50©6 for old and 96 6007 60 s/r doz for young:
Hens, $405: Roosters, young. 36©6 W. dozen;
do, old, $4: Fryer $5©5 60; Broilers, 94 6005 for
large and $3 5004 tor small: Pigeons, $202 25
%» doz for young and $1 23 tor old.
GAME— English - r.lpe are quotable at 32 50© .
Jack snipe, $101 50 9 doz: Dare, 91; Rabbits,
91 50 lor Cottontails and $101 25 lor small; Gray
Geese, $2 60; White Geese, Sl ; Dram, $160; Honk
ers, S3 50@4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUITS,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— j .7.
Apples, 90c@-l *}_ box for choice, $1 2501 60 for
fancy Red, 50&75 c lor common; Eastern. $1 50
@3 _. bbl.
BERRIES— s
Eastern Cranberries are slow at $6@7 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Maud Oranges are well
cleaned up at the moment and other oranges are
dull. Navel ".ranges. « _t(&2 75: seedlings, $I@l 25:
Lemons. 75c@$j 25 ior common and $1 50Cg»2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $a®s 50: Califor
nia Limes, $1 SOtol 75; Bananas, $I©2 »t bunch;
Pineapples, .$2(sU %l doi.
OKI ED FRUITS, RAISINS. NUTS. ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6 ©9c
for ltoyals and llV_.@l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3*. 2 c for the 4 sizes Peaches.
4<oCsV_c for prime to choice, 6Vs f *"c for fancy and
9<s_;2o(_ lot peeled in boxes; Apples. 6@5_.; for
evaporated and 2©2i/^c for suu-dned; Fears, 2V3
gtsc for prime to choice, 4@5 for quarters and
6@6Vi_c for halves: Plums, 4c for pitied una lVfcc
fo.- unpitted; Nectarines, 3i_®4%c for choice and
6y 2 c tor fancy; Walla Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2y 4
fr_fV_c
Jobbino Pricks— Peaches, 4V_@5 1 "_. lb:
fancy, 6Va_)7Vj.c ■$ lb; peeled. 12**/ *"-->■ Apri
cots, 6V2_J.9c -J lb: fancy, 10c; Moorparks. Vt%
13c; evaporated Apples, s^ic: sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3%@4c for the 4 bizes: Figs, black, 3c for
I. pressed an.. 3®3%c for pressed: white Figs, 4c;
Plums. 4 V2__sc for pitted and lVfco for unpitted;
Nectarine* 4(g,6c *_ lb for prime to fancy: Pears.
2V_(5.5c tor whole, 4<V_(__.sV_o for quarters and
41 ,r<_, 6 for halves.
RAISINS—
carload Prices — Four- crown, loose, 5%c;
three-crown, 43/ 8 o fi lb; two-crown, 3%0 V **:
seedless sultanas, &V_c: seedless Muscatels, 4S/ B e;
three-crown Loudon layers, $1 15: clusters, *1 50;
Lehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried rapes. 3c » 16.
Josrtno Prices— san Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. 6S4C; 3-crown, 4S / 4c; 2-crown, 3 /a.c: seed
less Sultanas, 53 /4 c; Sr en less Muscatels, 4V ; c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25: clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10o: Walnuts,
6y a tg,7c ft 16 for standard and 9(a.9VaC __ lb mr
sottsheli: Almonds. 6@6V^c for Lauguedoc, 8@
3Vj»c for hardshell and «39c \V tt> for paper shell;
Peanuts, 4<s6c f. Ib lor l .astern ana 40 for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@t_c V lb; Pecans. 7Vs&
8c $ tt.; Filberts, 7i/"-.Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7_MBo.
Cocoauute, $4@5 \*, 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12V_c for bright and 6®9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 605 Vie;
light amber extracted 4Vi__i4 : s4e; dark amber,
*(34V_.c: dark, L>(^ 3c ft lb.
BEESWAX— 22@25c ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c _. lb for heavy, 7e
9 It) for light medium, 9V>c for light, 10c "fs lb for
extra light and ll*V_c ft tb*"for sugar-cured. Fast
en, sugar-cured Hams, 12@12i_c: California
Hams, 10@10Vic: Mess Beef, $7@7 60: extra
mess do. $B@B 50: family do, $9 50010; extra
prime Pork, $7 60 @ 8; extra clear, $16 i. bbl;
mess. $14 bbl: smoked Beet 10c "$ lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierce*, is quoted at &V_*c for
compound and 6@6V_*c for pure: palls, 7c: Calll
fornia tierces, s(g*_>i/ a c i. Ib for compound and 6V4C
for pure: half-bhls, 6»/4c; 10-lb tins, 7Vi<-*: do, 6-tb.
7V_tC %_ tt>-
COTIuLENE— 6@6Vic In tierces and 7S/*©By c
in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— culls and orands Bell lc
9lb under sound stock- Heavy salted steers, 8c:
medium. 7c V lb: lir;ht, 6c %* tb: Cowhides, 6c:
salted Kip. 6c "ft 0,.' salted Calf. 7__,Bc: salted
Veal, 6W7c: dry Hides, 12013 c _■!_•: culls and
brands, 9© 10c; dr.* Kip and Vcal.9tt.ioc: Calf.
16c: culls. 10c: Goatskins, 2U__.3sc each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 26c _* lb: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, suearlings, 10(^20c
each; short wool. 25<_$35c each; medium, 30^45c
each; long wools, 40(6>6Uc each.
1 ALLOW- No. 1, rendered, 3@3V4c; Na 2, 2Vic.
refined. sc: Grease, 2c ft tb.
WOOL— Jacob Wollner's circular says: "The
sales for the week will foot up übout 800,000 lbs,
with pr.ces about the same as last week. All kinds
of Wool have been selling and socks are getting
smaller. All the scourlng-mllli are sill actively
employed, consuming about 150,000 tbs per day.
Purchasing brokers still cannot get orders for
scoured Wool for Eastern account, as their corre
spondents do not want to pay higher prices than
they offered a month ago. The gales in he Ea-it
ern markets a c 1 bout 2,000,000 tbs less than last
wee.;, but since the Ist of January the sales show
an increase of 20 000,000 lbs more in comparison
with the same time In 1890. The market East ls
reported firm, but mostly speculative, and the mills
still cannot get many orders for goods. At the
London sales now la pro res. which will close the
loth inst., about one-third of the Wools offered are
bought for American account, especially of the
better Class of Wool, and this keeps the prices up
Ii It was not for the American purchasers tbere Is |
no doubt that the London market would be easier. 1
With heavy rains all over the State the outlook is
that we will have one of the best Wool crops lv
this late that we have had lor many years. Stock
sheep are advancing and a good many who went
out 01 the business are now buying, as a tariff on
Wool is nearly assured In about six weeks we
will have considerable new Wool in this mar
ket." We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@Byac _>i lb: middle counties, free, sVa@
"<■; do. defective, 4V2(s6c: San Joaquin. 3(_bsc; aa
foothill, 5:5,7 c: Eastern Oregon. 7010 c: Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10011 c 9 tb
HOPS— 6(ghc for lair to choice and 9010 c*s &>
for fancy. ■ -• ':'■ •■-■ '•
•GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Orain Bags, spot, 4";4c; June-
July delivery, 47gc; San Quentin, $4 65; Wool
Baes, 24V_@26y_c
COAL— Wellington, 98 %t ton: New Wellington,
$8%. ton: Southtield Wellington, 97 50 %-, ton;
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay, 94 75;
Wallsend,s6 60: scotch. : Brymbo, — — ; Cum
berland. $13 60 In bulk and 916 lit sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, .11 (ft 12 _* ton; Welsh '
Anthracite. 98010; Caunel, $8 * ton; Rock I
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60; !
Coke. $1 lf|l2 In bulk and CIS V' ton in sks.
COFFEE- G E. Blckford gives the receipts at
this pott .hus far this year at 9658 bags, against
10,024 bags during the same period in 1»96. The
sales from first bands were 6166 nags, against
6065 The stocK in first hands February 1 was
5435 bags, agalns. 4223 February 1, 1898. The
world's visible supply February 1 was 3,881,968
bugs, against 3.287.9V9 February 1, 1896. Th
circular says: "There is very little to be said or
the market since the 27th nil. The recent arrival
ot two cargoes puts dealers in better shape for
business, but the country demand has been slow
and first-hand sales light. Murray weather
throughout the Interior doubtless contributes to
tne prevailing conditions. The only change to
note ls a further decline In good green unwashed i
Salvador, last sales being at 1 6y_ c - Quotations for
other Kinds are continued as being more or less
nominal. To-day's 8 ock consists of 165 Costa
Rica. 1 1 Nicaragua. 475 - alvador and 2867 Guate
mala— all 3518 bags, against 3458 bags same
time last year. " We quote:
costa Rica— l9V4(_.2oVic nom. for good to
prime; 17y 2 019 c nom. for good mixed with black
beans; 16(i_.i . <• norn. for fair; 12@l6V_c nom. for
common to ordinary.
Salvador— 18019 c for good to prime washed: |
16»/ A Ol7 for lair washed; 19020 c. for good to
prime washed peaberry; 1 _;(a,l6i*_c for superior un
washed; 15 Vie for go.d unwashed; lb(gilbVic for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and .M kxican -21021-Vfcc f. Ib for
prime 10 strictly prime washed new crop; 20V<i
22034 c for coi d to s rlctly good washed ne* crop:
19**.'4@ %_ lb for fair washed new crop:
18y*(_»19c for good washed old crop: 16@18V*c
for lair washed old crop; 18@15c for medium
old crop: ll@l3c _. tb for ordinary old crop: 83
10% c for inferior to common old crop; 19y @20Vfec
for good to prime washed peaberry Old crop;
lh(a,lßV-_c for. good to prime unwashed peaberry
old crop.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, syjC;
Powdered, be: Fine Crushed, &Vs.c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ ac: Confectioners' A, 4S»c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c; Golden C, . 3%c; half barrels
1/10 more than barrels, and boxes Vs? more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@6V_.c: second, 6@sy c;
third do, 4@4VsC %* tb.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 7@Bc ft lb.
MUT ION- Wethers, 6V«.@7c; Ewes, 6@6V_|C
* — i.
'.AM Spring 10@1 lc ft tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3y B @3V4cfl Ib for large and
Hsi'c,:ii.;c for small and medium; dressed do, 414
<issV4c %_ ttt.
RECEIPT. OF PRODUCE.
TOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,408' raw, t0n5...... 35
heat. ctls. 660 Butter. iu»..._ 130
Farley, ctls.. .„ . 1,110 Cheese, ctls... 32
Keana sits 1,146 Kegs, 00*..., „, 6.810
Corn, ctls 300Hlde_.no „ 89
Eastern 1,600 Pelts, bdls. ....._, 5
Oats, ctls. .50 Wine. gals.. ..___, 21,600
Eastern 800 leather, rolls 46
Potatoes, sirs . _. 2,025 Lime, bbls - 81
Oregon 22? j Quicksilver, flsti 135
Onions, 5k5.. .... 76 1 allow, ctls. . 180
Middlings, •_:_... 10 ), Screenings, sk... 1,200
Bran, sits 655 M usiard oetnl, >_ 20
Day, tons 468 1 Flaxseed, sks 24
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change of any consequence in
mining storks yesterday. The close was weak.
The Gould A Curry sale took place -day.
The Soulsby mine in Tuolumne County has
been assessed sc, delinquent March 6.
The Live Yankee mine In Nevada County has
been assessed 2c, delinquent March 18.
Weekly reports 'rom the mines are as follows:
Cox. Cal. A Va.— looo level— The south drift
'tarted from the west crosscut at a point 124 feet
in from the top of the upraise from the west cross
cut from the north drift from the Con. Va. shaft
station has been extended 23 feet, passing through
soft porphyry, clay and quartz of -.low-assay value;
total length 80 feet. 1650 level— We sre repairing
and easing timbers on the ninth floor in the
south arift. On the ninth floor (the first
floor above the sill floor on this level) at a point
100 feet east and 25 feet north of an east 'me from
the Con. Va. shaft, the incline upraise has been
earned up 38 feet on the slope,' passing through
porphyry, clay and quartz ass*} -lag from 91 to $6
per ton; total height 70 feet on the slope above the
1650 level. .
1750 level— From the tenth, eleventh and twelfth
floors o . tne east side above the sill floor of this
level, at the north end of the stc.pc in ol I ground
of former wordings, we have extracted 19 tons of
ore. The average assay value, per samples taken
from cars in the mine, was 829 54 per tou. (in the
twenty-six h floor above this level the stone and
cement bulkhead has been completed, shutting off
all connection with oid stopes. From the west
drift on the twenty-sixth floor, at a point 190 feet
in from its mouth, the south drift, where the good
stteaks of ore were found, has been extended 6
feet, total length 36 feet. Work in this drift was
suspended January 21 and resumed February 3.
The ore streak continues to show an average
width of 15 inches, ' dipping downward
to the south ana east, so that tho ore
streak does not show in the .face of the
drift, except on the west side one foot above the
bottom of the drift. 'lhe average value of the as
says across the face in the strea . below the level
of our drift is from $7 to SlO 50 per ton. Along
tbe east and west sides of the drift for eight feet
north rrom the face the ore streak shows an aver
age width of 15 Inches. On the east side the av
erage assay value is about 200 per ton, while on
the west side the samples assay fron $70 to $120
, per ton. We nave extracted from this streak in
working south during the past two days 7 tons of
ore assaying $143 16 per ton, which still remains
on the twenty-sixth floor in the west drift. The
total extraction of ore for the week amounted to
19 tons, the average assay value of which, per
1 samples taken from cars hoisted to the surface,
was 928 per ton.
In the Ophir mine on the 1000 level west
crosscut 2is in 373 feet. The facets in soft por
phry.ciay seams and lines of quartz giviuir low
assays. In the oil Centra', tunnel worKlugs of the
Ophir they extracted during the week five tons of
ore assaying $18 92 per ton.
In the Hale <$_ Norcross mine ou the 900 level
the upraise started from the sixth floor 31 feet
south of upraise 1 was carried up 7 feet; total
height 14 feet. No change since last report. Have
beeu repairing the main shaft between ihe 700
and 800 levels end the 900 level. Only worked
two days in upraise 2.
In ho 1 I, ollar mine on the Comstock no work
watt done during the past week.
Brunswick lode: consolidated California and
Virginia, Best __ Belcher and Gould & Curry-
Shaft 2. the usual work was done at various points
witn no changes in the material passed through
sinco last official advices.
Chollar— Shaft 1 has been sunk 9 feet on the
incline and is now down 809 feet. lhe bottom is
in hard foot wall rock. 200 level— Have opened
the sixth floor and find the ore continues of about
the same width and grade as heretofore. Below
the 2uo level have sunk 14 feet, the ore at that
point being 3 feet wide, car samples rom it rang
ing from $46 to $65 per ton. 300 level— The slopes
on and above this level present no change worthy
of mention for the week. 400 level— ad
vanced the main south drift on this level 18 feet
for the week .hrougb hard rock, and it Is now out
267 teet from the north line; the face is in hard
porphyry with small seams of quartz through
it. The raise from No. 1 east crosscut Is up 39
feet, having been advanced 10 feet for the week.
The top shows about, the- same width ana value as
reported last week. 600 level— The south drift
from the station has been advanced 33 feet for the
weeic, making its total length 62 feet. The face Is
in hard ground composed of porphyry and seams of
low-grade quartz. From all points have extracted
and shipped to the Nevada mill for reduction 72
tous and 500 pounds of ore. The samples for the
week average as follows: Ton car, gold 939 69,
silver 28*88 ounces; wagon samp c, gold 9*lo 63,
sliver 23. ounces: battery sample, gold $32 51,
silver 18 83 ounces per ton. Are now engaged ln
cleaning up the run for the mouth.
LC*>.. .+.A.JZ-J.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Ptcck Board yesterday:
REGULAR HOSNIKS SESSION*. CONIMB.VCINO 9:50.
300 Andes 121750 CC_fcV...2.06*200 Ovrmn..-12
100 I.* 100 C Point. 30 201 Potosl-.... 46
800 Belcher... 500 G& C 44 100 Savage.... 43
100 8ent0n. ..17 200 -45^00 ...._. 42
100 i 1.__1_....7J|200 H&N...1.11'|200 8et....08
300 8u11i0n... .05,300 Mxla 40 200 _» Nr 39
40J Cha11ge.. .62 900 Ocodt 1. 200 Stanrd.,l.6s
200 Choir 871200 Ophlr 88 20J * _■■_-__•_.. 31
AFTERNOON SESSION*— 2:3O.
200 Celcner....2S'2o_ 0 Potui_...3o|2oo N <__ C..30
300 BAH 69 100 HAN.- 50 5tnrd...1.60
200 8u11i0n... .04 500 Julia 02 3UO Syndcate.o3
100 Choir 86 100N G& C..26 tIUM C._3_
50 CC<_-V...2.05 I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Block
Board yesterday:
REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
300 Aloha 10 400 CC_V... 2.06 600 Ophlr 90
200 Alta 06,1600 2.07V_!-'OO 89
360 Andes 134000 C 1mp. ..02 -00 Potosl 46
200 8e1cher....30 600 ConN V...02 600 45
400 : -.21^ -00 i Point... St. 1200 Savage.. 44
200 BAB 6C500 Exchqr...o4 500 43
300 69 40U G AG 45 500 Scorpion. .o2
400 70700 46400 8 8dtM...08
300 71250 H_fcr-1.07V_.i30i s Nev 40
200 8u11i0u._..04 Julia. 01800 S Hill 01
600 400 Justice.. --051100 M1nrd...1.65
300 Ca1eda.. ..12:300 Kentuck..o3 450 Union 37
400 C1_11n«e...5 300 -Mcx 41 50J U1an. .....04
350 100 0ccd......15 * Jc« ....32
200 Ch011ar...87 500 0vrm_....12 400 _. 33
150 conn ...1.16, ■•_■-;
AFTERNOON SESSION 2:30.
.m Alr_« 10 50 Cond... 1.10 200 Occldtl.... 14
200 Andes 13 300 _..3C 150 Oohlr 89
30 J Belcher... 2B 200 Exchqr...o."j;.oo 0vrmn....12
400 B & B 70 .00 Gd-O 45 JO) Potosl 46
50J 8n1110n....05 50J 44 300 s*vare....43
200 Caleda.... 12400 U__tNl.o2V_ 800 58__.....0s
350 Challge... so _. .1.051250 aNev..„..40
20' • rtoir 87500 Kentck.._.ot ; 50 Stnrd. ..L65
450 CC&V... 2500 L Wash. ol 200 Union. . 37
400 2.02 Va 200 Mexican..4l 20J V J---- ...32
_ _>____ m QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Feh. 7-4 p. v.
Sift. Asked.] ! x Bl4.AtkeA.
a :_.«.» rum. ... 10 lUniia ■-. 02 03
Alia. 05 06 Instlce. _, — 05
Andes. 13 14 _enioc_....„_ 02 03
Belcher 27 29iLady -Vast-... Ol 12
est & Beloho. 68 61* Mexican 40 41
Benton Con.. . 15 17 Nevada Quean. — it
Bullion _ — 06 Occidental . 14 15
Caledonia. 11 14 Ophlr, _« 88 90
Chollar 85 86 overman-...,. 12 13
Con.Cai_fcVa...2.oO 2.05 I'otosL _„_. 44 46
Challenge Coo. 49 51-avage. ._. 43 45
Con. Imperial. 01 scorpion. ...___ 02 08
Confidence 1.05 LIS* ..eg. Belcher... 08 09
con New Yorfc — silver Hill , 01 ta
Crown Point... 29 SO -lerra Nevada, 37 38
LasU-lerraNe*" — 14 standard .1.60 —
Eureka Coa. _ — VI -yndicate. 02 04
Excheauer 03 05 l'nion . 37 38
_.oula<s_ curry- 44 41 Utah US 04
Lkl__i.Norcr_.Loo 1.06 V -Uow MMKMi 31 32
Jackson _.. — 261
tIOCB. ANI* BONO EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Feb. 8 - 2 P. I*.
T_-_T-"» STATUS SOSOa.
},n. ii«i*_ Bus. Asked.
V B4s couo.lllV'a — U 54a__5...10_" llOVfc
Do new issuel2'_i — |
MISCKLLANKOIT-l an.M.'
Cat-itC.less.HoV_ — Oak Gas 65.. — 104
Cal Elec L 65126 131 Do 2d is 5a..109V
entree W6s _*i.i_. 85 Omnibus Os.. 1213^122^
Dpnt-stex-cp — »7Vi P <fe ORy Bs. — 113
Edsnl__P6s - 123 P<tChKv6s. — 103
F<__CHKR6_IO7V_,IOB Pwl -st RR 65114 119
Oearv-st R6sloo — Beno. WLJtL — 10 j
M t <ts 5 Vis. 103 . — iSactoP&L. - 100
Los Ang L6s - 100 SF&NPR6t.IOOViIOO34
DoOnteed 6s — 101 BPRKArIz6s 91V_ —
Mnt-stCble6sl32 vi, — -PRRCaI 112 —
DoßyCon tts.lo6*Vi — SPRRCaI6s. — 100
Hat _____ Ist — 100 sPBrRCal6s. 97 Vi 98V4
NevCNgK7__lo3 106 SVWater 6s. 120 120 V.
N RyCal 100 — >VWaier4s.
NKycalos. - 95 StktnG_.E&_ — 101 Vi
•WATKH. STOCKS. jj^ES
Contra Costa 33V. 36 ISprng Valley l7Vs S7-.2
MartnCo..... - 62 |
«AS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CapitaL — 26 I Pac _ as Imp — 9194
Central 98V*i — Pacific, Light, — 4.- 3
Ed.son Light 126^ 8 126?g— an F-mncsco 98 99
M Lleo Light. 8 10 |.sioc£&&n — 20
OakGL&H 64 64%! *
•-.'m'!. _■';-;•. IXSCS.AX_.-_C RTOCICV
Flreman'sFdl77a4l9o |snn _ _
COMMi-l 1 At, BANK BTO.JC*.
Anglo-Ca1.... 61 53 jl .rat Nation. 186
BanKofCal.. — 2421 / LondonP_fcA.l374.ilßo
CalbD<tTColo7V«|loßV_i|MerchE-_.... IJ -
SAVIN OS BANK STOCK-
GerS<J_I,CO- — 1460 Say & Loan.. — 105
Bum bt__iL.il 00 — 6-ecurlty 243 — "
Mutual 33 — Uniou Trust. 815 —
bF:-av Union — 476 ,
_RRlt KAILSOA . -TO- tl
California.... 106 110 jOakSL<__Ha7 _ 100
G.ao'-st - 60 Presidio .... 4 —
Market-5t.... 48 43V41
row t._-.. STOCKI. ■
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant C0n.... 33 33
California.... 75 — Vlgorlu 60c 90c
Eastern D..„ 80 H"Vs ':>.;.
m»<_i,L*sK(ins STOCKS.
Alaska rkrs. 103 V..104 iNatVlnCo.. _ fV_
Ger Lead Co. 60 ioo oceanlcSSCo — 26
HawC&SCa. 167,% l7V4'Pac Anx F A — 4
Hutch bPco 245,3 '-* IPacßoraxCa 95 —
MerKxAssn_. — 110 |Parf PalntCo - 7
SALES— KORNt*- otu.Jt. '.'.
Foarrt—
60 Giant Powder Con 32 00
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co. ___ -24 87%
80 Market-st Railway.. 43 00 '
60 Oceanic ß SCo... 26 00
40 s V Water v.7 12Vi
■Mr-pet — .
32 SVWater 97 25
HALMS— a rntsoox SSSSIOA
. nard—
125 Hutchinson . P Co. .....,_» 24 76
75 Market-st Railway . 43 00
5 Pacific Lighting 4_ 75
20 b V Water s-7 l2i._,
68 do do  97 25 '
$31,000 _. V 4X Bonos 100 50
Mf-"-.—
$4000 Femes * Cliff House Bonds 107 60
$6000 Market-st Ry Con 5% Bonds 106 25
• _> • ' — .
j EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. C. Buck master to P. Redely. J. C Campbell
and W. H. Metson, re-record of 1710. d. 19, undi
vided % of lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 105
W of Mission, W 25 by N 85; also undivided % of
lot in estate of Margaret Buckmaster, deceased;
82500.
C C. and Catherine Merrill (Chandler) to Wil
liam Linden, lot on lint of Twenty-jourth street,
60 v\" of Vlcksburg, \V 25 by N 114; 910.
J. E. Olson or Olsen to Mary A. Redford. lot on
N line if Twenty-fourth street, 254:11 W of Doug
lass, W 50:1 1 by N 114: gift. .
Charles Huguei to Emelie E. Hugues. undivided
% of lot on E line of Dupont street, 20 N of Pine.
N 20 by ESO: gift.
Flore-. B. Hinckley (wife of F. ,W.) to Minna
B. Neller and Louis c. Buck, building on lot on SE
corner of Geary and Dnpont a reels, S 70, E 60, N
20, W 20. N 50. W 40: 7,657.
William E., Kittle E.. Howard M. and Sophia C.
Llnsle-- to same, same (two pieces), quitclaim
dee ; 95.
Pletro and Teresa Zazzl to Julius Mendelson. lo
on W line of Thirl avenue, 125 S of California
street, S 26 by W 120: 910
Trinity H. and Madaline Santa Cruz to M. A
Ijams. lot on SW corner of M street and Fort.-l
sec ond avenue, W 32:6 br S 100; 910.
Charles p. Splngler 10 Kate F. McColgan, lots
1081 and 1082, Gift Map 3; SlO.
Walter S. Llnsley to Annette L. Llnsley, lot on
SE corner of Napa and Carolina streets, E 200 by
! . 100- a so lot on W line of Wisconsin street. 200
lof Napa. S 241. W 200. N 191, E 100, N 60. E
-_\ ; M D Cleverly to Angeline S. McCandless, lot on
line of Thirty-eighth avenue 150 N of T s.rett,
N ''5 by W 130; also lot on W line of Thirty-ninth
avenue. 275 ". of T street, N 50 by W 120; also
lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue 175 N of s
street N* 50 by E 120: also lot on N line of Ci
street. 32:6 Eof Forty-second avenue, F. 25 by N
100- also lot on N line of Q street. 32:6 W of
Fo?.y-fir°st avenue. W2sby a 100; also lo, t o n E
line of Forty-second avenue. 100 V of Q street,
E32:6bvsloo: also lot on W line of Port, nrst
avenue, 100 N of __ street. W 32:6 by 8 lOO^W
lot or, SW corner of D street fh d n * o *^ 6 . "".
avenue, W 57:6 by s DP: also lot on W I tie of
Thirtv-eiehth avenue 275 Sof U Street. B -Jo by
w '10-.^^lot on E line of TW-rtrrt-**!!^
SCO sof C street, S2sby X ISO: • -°» "Hud
22, block 55, lots 23, 31 to 35, block 22. city land
Association: $2000. __ ,_. _ ,_, „_
rcoustantine Wuiffing to Mary Wuiffing, lot on
W line of Florence itreet. 100 Sof ... nle >. s- 3
by W 100, lot 32. block 40, City Land Association,
8{ T." J. Noonan (by L. Wadham. Tax Co* lector) to
Margaret l.ouderback, lot on S coruer of ral a a :
and santee streets, SE 4 by SW 100, portion lot
8, block 823, Hunter Tract, tax dee.l ; 5-
Charles Campodonico to ,-arab Campodonico. all
interest In lot on N E lm» of Sumatra (**«^ .. .-*t '°
avenue), 150 NW of Santee (G street), NW to oy
NE 100, portion lot 14, block 324. same; also in
terest in estate of Pasquale Campolonico: gift.
John B. Campodonico to Kate Richards, itose
Daneri, t-arah. Emilia. Henry, Eugene and Mary
Campodonico, lot on NE line of Sumatra (seven
teenth avenue), 150 NW of Santee (G street), «W
75 by NE 1.0, being a portion of lot 14, block 324,
Hunter Tract; $6. ■-. . .
William A. Brown to A. W. and MortlocK
Brown, Ann Hoffman and Louisa Pa.erson, undi
vided one-fifth interest in lot 31, block 4, Flint
Tract, Homestead Assoc! $5. -V* _
Thomas J. Alverson to Eliza Alverson, lot on SE
line of Arlington street. 313 SW of Roanoke, SW
25, SE 110, NE 25:3. NW 114, being lot 38, Jones'
Addition to Falrmout Tract: gift.
Peter Jennings to Margaret Jennings, lot on 8E
line of Naples street, 225 SW of China avenue,
SW 25, SK 200. N'E 50. NW 100. SW 25, NW
100. being portion of block 64, Excelsior Home
stead Association: gift.
John L McLaughlin to Henry A. and Anna D.
Meyer, lot on E line of nery , 468 NE of Miguel,
N 25. E 84:li/ a . SW 26:1%, SW 89:11. being por
tion of lot 20, Dlock 16, FAirmount Tract: $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to B. P. Loris
tanau, lot on SE corner of Russell street and Stan
ford avenue, S 84.65, E 93.45. N 40, E 9, N 36.42,
W 69.64 to beginning, being lots 18 and 19, block
A, Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $5.
W. S. and Emma 1-. Bigelow to G. A. Bigelow,
lot on E line of Vernon street, 147 N of Moss ave
nue, N 40 by E 132, being lot 24, block B, Stan
ford Tract, Oakland: also lots 7 and 8, block 3.
map of East Oakland Heights, East Oakland: $10.
G. Magerstaedt to Caroline Magerstaedt, lot on
SW corner of Tenth and Kirkham streets. W 80
by S 40, being portion of lot 28, block 551, Eighth
street Tract, Oakland; gift.
Pauline Scheuerman to Charles Scheuermau.
lot on W line of Elm street, 80 s of Edwards. S 30
by W ISS, being portion of Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract, Oakland: $2000.
Albert C. Lassen to same, same, subject to mort
gage, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Builders* Contracts. ,
Spring Valley Water Works with S. H. Kent.
1 exterior work and plumbing, etc.. on a six-story
building on the SE corner of Geary and Stockton
streets; $55,437. Architect, Clinton Day.
THIS CALL CALENDAR.
Fkbbdaby, 1897.
Mo.
1
Tv,
»
I
3
Th. Fr.
ZiZ
11 12
18 | 19
25 2*5
| Sa. | Moon's Phases
8 4& New Moon.
__\*& Feb. 1.
13 /- D Flrs: Quarter
F.-h. 9.
20 I —
fS\ Full Moon.
- jvg F6b - 17 -_
l^\ Last Quarter.
j^V Feb. 23.
16
17
23
OCEAN ST_b.A_Ui.KS.
Date* of Departure From San Frsnelaen.
BTEAMKR
DKSTI VATIOS. |
mm:,<.
1 pirr.
Arcaut...... [
Dei None.. <
Queen j
Corona
Sr.noi
Umatllla.... j
Coos Bay i
Farallon.... I
Elder, i
Mexico I
City Peking
A Blanc hard
Czarina j
City Paebla
Ban Jose
Eureka |
COOS Hair IK.-b 9.12 v i Pier li
'Grays Harbor, Feb 9. 4pm
tan Diezo 'Keo 9. llav Pier 11
Mumboidtituv Feb 9. Vm|e..»ri
Grarsilarbor. Feb 10.12 m i Pier 2
i Vic&PgtSnd Ffb 10, 9am Pier 9
Newport reb 1L Yam I'ierll
i ■»Boutn» Bay. > Feb li 9am I'ler 3
I Portlana i Feb 12.1Uasi Pier 24
I Man Di 050.... Feb 13.11 a»i !M-.- 11
.China* Japan Feb 13. Ipu PMSB
Oregon ports.. Feb 13, 9m Pier 13
Coos B»v FeD IX, sp* Piers
V lc & Sna F b 15. »am Pier 3
Panama. Frt» 16.12 m PMSS
Newport Feb i 6. 9am l li»f 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-I AMUtR | .-ROM I _.(!
Crescent, city. ..
City or Everett.
North I one. ...
City Puebla...
Geo W. Klder..
Coos Bay
Kara110n. .......
Trnclcee ..; I
Cleone I
Mexico ]
Alamela..
City of Para... !
Alice Blancnard !
Amarapoora
Czarina ;
>»n Mateo '
Corona. !
Knrefca_ j
Arcata I
Welllncton... . j
Mackinaw
State of Cat '
Doric
Orizaba
Walla Walla...
~
Crescent City
Nan M mo.
Humboldc Bar
Victoria & eaget Sound
Portland
Newport.
Variuina Bay
Portland „
Crescent City
|>»n Diego
Sydney
: Panama
! Portland
03C09
Coos Bay
Comox
; Hnmboia, Bay.
I Newport.
Coos Bay
j Departure Bay
j iacoma _
! Portland.
China and Japan
Mexico
Victoria <sr Puzet Sound
Sun Diego
..Feb 9
..Feb 9
. Keb 9
..Feb 9
..Feb 9
..*eb 9
..Feb 10
Feb 10
..ten 11
..Fen 11
..Frb 11
..F*»t> 12
..Feb 12
..Feb 12
..Feb 12
..Feb 12
. Feb 12
..FeD 13
..Feb 13
..Feb i.s
.F.-b 13
i ..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..F^b 14
..Feb IB
|..F»h 15
Queen |
SUN, MUOa ANO XI DX.
rNITKD States coast an*d Geodi-.tic Sttrvet-
Times and Heights of Hi_h and Low-
Waters at Fort Pors*T. Esteavok to
Sax Fraxcisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same a: both places.
February— lß97.
Tuesda*-, Feb. vary 9.
PonrtiM* 7 06! Moon rtm
Bon B*t* 5 42 )MooQ sets. .. 0.42 am
5b*22 FeetiH!l^ Fe*t!li^£ Feet ' TlBQe Feet
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
.1. '■> 4.(i . 1. .i^
4. 30 4.6|U.34
5.12 4.51 1.2 M
600 4.4 207
L W |fl W
1.00 821 7.06
2.10 3.0 i 8.08
3.0"! "-'9; 9.06
I O.V, 6.44
0.7 1 7.J6
U. 3 9.01
-0.1 9.50
4.7 2.4»
4.9 3.30
5.0! 4.11 j
3.0110.05:
5.1 11.00
8 2 11.58
8.6
H VV
—0.4 1 10.25
—0.6 10 65
—0.7 11.25
; 3.0
3 2
5.8
! 4.0
i 4.4
Son- In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second Urns
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day exceo*
when there are but three tides, as sometim*.
scours. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes ths
height, and then the number given ls subtractlve
from the depth given by the chart*.
I-OTICtf TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrorranhio
Office looted In the Merchant,' E x chine- i,
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■"
_.iSL 0 _? are or(llft *' Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and -atli____
___£_?_- of the world are kePt on ?«* "or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding l^htJ dangers
-.mnTereSr- *** **""* °' >«««" *o oc -* a "
_^S_t **___?! *? al I. . n top of tho building on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ts dropped at noon 120™S_s by
telegraphic signal received each _!_£ lrem th «
united states Naval Ob,erva.ory at Slare Island.
_»nJ?_?_'_._ " ft *- whether the time ball was
pubffi? the?a ™« _ BiVla, - the error. " '"--*'.»•
iSd _J?Si7__s!S_! < - ay oy the afternoon papers,
ana by the morning papers the following -lav.
.-, .."*/■■. W. S. HUSHKS,
Lieutenant, V. 3. «j. m in charge.
Thei Time Ball.
***»en -jTT»_IO«RArHIO OrrTnip. tr. _. >.. 1
MERCHANTS' F.XCHAX9 . V
The !i_Si hi,*?** 0 *?* 00 - February & 1-^7. )
n«-f^IS?.S Teiegraoa HU. wa, aronosl
men-uau. ur oxacUy at Ay. M ai Greenwich Urns.
-. __ -.-.-illy at ar. M „ G ree nwlch tlms.
W. S. Iluonsa,
— m- _^_^_ Lieutenant C. S. N.. inchar.e.
SUlPr_..,i_ i.MULlui..\tl_, i
Arrive l.
_, m . '■ MONDAY', February 8.
na««___r 0r S 1 ---' Dora n- 18 hours from Eureka:
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins _t Co.
Depart., V? r _, C<>Sta , Rica - Mclntyre, 96 hours from
SoS" y: 2 "* 00 toa * coal to R Dunsmulr «fc
AnL^. r^" ,Ca^ raz " rlson - 41 hours from Port Los
.f*t; 8: ' - l "- 8 '- w*- *=* Wl » * umber Co.
12» _i, i "J*- ' Fosen, 30 hours from Eureka;
les? to Cha^N^on 00 M » haKe3 ' ioß^ ashing'
S^C^a^C^^^a 3 ! $T ""*
»-»e:ire'l
sf m , *- MONDAY. Februarys.
Bteamsh?n e Co. ort ' Sear,e Panama r«lflc Mall
Pacific T _ca 0Ok ' Han,K>1 -' * la "<-: North
PeVwns&Ca 0 * Alexander * IlI) - SO; GoodaU,
__________
MONDAY, February 8.
stmr Tillamook. Hansen. Portland.
Stmr Newport. Searle, Panama and way porta.
Nor s mr Eva. Hansen. Victoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlnnd.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
Br ship .Maytield. Phillips, Queenstown.
Nor ship Hiawatha. Jorgeosen, Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship Chrysomene. Hogan, Queensto-wa . ::?■•
Br ship Rudd.an Castle, Rober.s, Port Towns
end. -.-•••
Ship Kennebec, Lewis. Pu.et sound.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coquille '
River. , - ■_-■-'■•'• * .■>-■ -;*_. :*--_•■ :>_"■• <j
bchr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Telegraphic
POINT LOROS. Feb B.— li. p. *.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW: velocLy 10 miles.
Charter*.
The schr E X Wood loads lumber at Chem ainus
for shanghai: bark Highland Light, coal at De
parture Bay for Honolulu.
_:. -in. *.n ii Porn.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 8-S-jhr H C
Wright, for Honolulu.
PORT T W N D— Arrived Feb 8- He R©.
porter, from San Pedro: schr X X Wool, from
Nagasaki: Ger bark Ardgowan, from Honolulu
schr ebon ne. from Amapala; Per bark Sauta
Rosa, from Haytl.
SEATTLE -Sailed Feb B— Bark Rufus E Wood
for San Fmncisco. - -•"_ ■■■■"■■ "
REDONDO -Arrived Feb 7--_hr Gen Banning
from Grays Harbor. Feb 8-Stmr Protection, frm
Fort Bragg. " ■' ■■_"*•. L, '
GRAYS HARBOR— leb B_Schr San
Bu naventura. from Port Harford; gC hr lvenja
nonce Jan t-iO.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 8-Schr Helen N Kir
n hence Feb 1.
FORI LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 7-s or
stmr Peter Jen. en, from Nanalmo.
Sailed Feb 7— -_ nr Mlneoia, for Comox,
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb B— Schr Mabel Gray
for Eureka.
Foreign -Ports.
SUNDERLAND— Arrived Feb 6-Brsbip en
eral Roo»rt3. hence Sept 17. via Falmouth, and
grounded while entering dock. Damage if any
unknown. * .'■_._-_
DEPARTURE BAY-To sail Feb 8-Shlp Ori
ental, for san Francisco. •-."*'
MELBOURNE— Arrived Dec 24-Br bark Veri
tas, from Tacoma.
PORT PIRIE-Salled Dec 24— Bktn C F Crocker
for Newcastle, NSW.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Dec 30— Bktn Echo, frm
Coos Bay. _ Jl ; "■''
j-RE&MANTLE— Arrived Dec 13— *"chr v a
Talbot, from Taeom_. Dec 22— Haw bark Maun*
Loa, from New Whatcom.
NEWCASTLE. NSW — Sailed Jan I— Br hart
Selkirkshire, for Oregon.
SUVA— Arrived Jan 13— Schr J M Weatherwax
hence Dec 6.
SYDNEY"— Arrived Feb B— Ship Spartan, hencs
Nov 10.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived Feb 6— Br bar* Har
land, from Portland.
IPSWlCH— Arrived Feb 5-Br ship Helens-"*
burr, hence S-pt 23.
LIVER POOL-Arrl Feb 6— Br ship Afghan
istan, hence Sept 18.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 6— Br stmr Aswanh-,
from Oregon.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Feb s— Br ship Caithness
shire. hence Nov 18.
HOLYHEAD— Passed Feb 3— Br bark Sussex,
from Astoria, for Silloth.
QUEENSTOWN ailed Feb 6— Br shin Port
Douglas, for Galway; Fr bark Duguesclln, for Gal
way.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Feb 6— Br ship Antlope. '
__£____.__▲— sailed Feb 6— Br stmr China, for
San Fraucisco.
ACAPULCO— -ailed Feb 6-Stmr City of Para,
for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St* _ *n-_-.
NEW YORK Arrived Feb 8-Stmr Columbia,
from Genoa; stmr T.i Ingvalla. from Stettin, etc.
HAMBURG— GaIIed Feb B— stmr Prussia, for
New Yoru.
FLUSHING— Passed Feb 7— Stmr Noordland,
from New York, for Antwerp.
Importation
EUREKA— Per Corona-*, bx fish, 31 bxs but
ter. 1 bx hardware, 2 cs groceries 16 pkgj mdse, 1
bx tobacco, 3 bxs apples, 2 horses, 7 pkgs express,
1 sk coin.
X R and E R R— *V__ bx fish, 25 crts condensed
milk. 39 bxs butter. 5 pkgs mdse, 95 sks potatoes,
72 bxs apples.
Consignee*.
Per Corona— American Union Fish Co: A Fay;
Brigham, Hoppe & Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co: CF
Rodgr-rs: Baser <fe Hamilton: Dairymen's Union:
Coghiil & Kohu; C Dos her: Wells, Fargo <fc Co: E
M Heckmau; Wellman, Pecks Co; FBHaight-.G
Berti <fc co McDonough&Runyon: Hills Bros:
H Dutard; McPUerson & Mucker; Getz Bros & Co;
O B Smith & Co: HI hernia Brewery; Pacific Trans
fer Co: st ann ard Oil Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
fEßlPMlfcllf. S.S. AUSTRALIA for
Jwfi_ral_L HONt>l - UI - u only.
Lfc™" 11 Tuesday. lebruar.- S3.
| at 2p. m. Special party
GXnT V-y rate -
StMn.hm--*-' lhe S * -"** ALAMFDA
CJlWlllUllll/ ails via HONOLULU
fOfflßfinU- *■*<* AUCKLAND for
\yill(JUlt--P SYDNEY, Thursday,
vprch 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN*
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery stree-
■Freight Office, 327 MarKet nt. San Francisco,
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /fr"?*-
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ___-'-*if
For Mar-.- Island, Poring, Wrangel, Juneau. ICtl-
Ilsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9a. m.. Ft- b. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes an _ ;
New atcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9a. k.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area. and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13,
17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cavucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, "Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. ■__.
Feb. 8, 7. 11, 16, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter. :\ ■.'-;.- _■*
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanor.
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
'lhe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. :,. *
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st... Sail Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
*^C>l=___T__CL. A_ro id
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. M.
FAT?T_-f 813 _, FlrBt - claM 1 Including
■*■ _"_-_l_L_\«S6 Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 22
State of California Feb. 7, 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to "
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., superintendent*
COfIPAGiiIE GENERAL TRIWATLIIITIQU*
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIE K(NEW), 42 NORTH >MB
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -K^_B_f
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandra. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160. second class 9116. i
LANORMAXDIE Feb. 13, 9a. M. A
La I.OURGOGNE Feb. 20. sa. __T^
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27,8:30 a.m. "
LA GASCOGNE March 6, 6a m.
LA BKETAGNE. March 18, 8 a.m.
tLsT For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. - ..'.>■_■■ '. ;
WHITE JSTAR LHE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamer*
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
ftAILIN-i EVE._- \ll___a.
CABIN, »50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jmrnrnm.
Ing to steamer and accommodations ftjefll'fg
selected; second cabin. $ 50 and 8*1/ 60: Majcs...-
ami Teutonic Steerags Tickets from England, x.e-
land, Scotland, Sweden. Norway and t»' , ._fri'«'_
through to san Francisco at lowest rate* ' ' l **"}
sailing dates and cabin plans may be P*^ U "*J
from W. H. AVERY. Pacific Mail Dock or at the
General Office of the Company. 613 Market strew.
-uer -nana Sneral A^-jg^gL.
STOCKTOI. STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 P. M. Daily. - i___.*»><- received *"P
t„ .:.! » i*. «• . _ , ,
ts- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone- !
•^onivun.se.li.i- through tickets and giv ng
through freight rati to all POiu.s o._ alley
Ra.lroa,. STKAME K,t
?lary ™tt. C »y of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80-.- Cai. Nay. and Imp:. Co
FOU VALLEJO AID U. S. NAVY-YARD.
STEAMER --MONTI CELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday «fc Sun.. 10:30 a. >f. and 4*. •«,
Saturdays _- "*10:30 a. m., 1p.«,,
Sundays 8 T. U.A
Landing Mission-stree-, Dock, Pier 2. *■
Telephone Black .281.
•Trip gives ti hours sttou at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRIZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
day. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. m. Alviso
'1 uesday. Thursday. Saturday, at Bp. m Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco an*
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay aL. Pier L
20 W. bant* «-__»■__. ban Jo____ t,fc "WILL MARCH IN
MANY COSTUMES
How Salvationists Will
Show What They Do in
Many Countries.
The Great London International
• Demonstration on a Small
Scale.
•Staff Captain Merry weather Out.in.s
a Missionary Exhibit on a
Large Plan.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 8. J*
A great demonstration is being prepared
by the Salvation Army to show the great
extent of its work in various countries. A
programme has been arranged, and ac
cording to its details all the members of
the army who can bo pressed into service
will take part in an international parade
and demon? on the ISth.
This object lesson of the army's work has
been presented in other large cities, but ia
.hew to Oakland. Nothing can more
clearly show the cosmopolitan nature of
/he work of Salvationists than such a
I nstration.
* There will be persons to represent in
costume the methods of the Salvationists i
in japan, China, Finland, Russia, Eng- ,
"Land, France, Germany, South Africa and '
many "other civilized and uncivilized cotta- !
.ties. Their costumes will be faithful
representations of those worn by their
iellow-oilicers in other land., and will
open the eyes of the public to the varied
.nature of Salvationist missionary work.
"We are making great preparations for
ihis affair," said Staff Captain Merry
weather to-day, "and we intend to show
the people of Oakland in a practical man- j
ncr just what we are doing. .Many people '
have the idea that our work is always j
pursued under the same pleasant condi- \
tions which they see in the United States,
but such is not the case. In other coun- i
tries our officers are imprisoned and I
c.toned aud frequently beaten and starved, j
and yet they never eive in. Each one J
who takes part in our demonstrations will (
represent our work in one country and
will tell some of the details, hardships
ana conquests that have been made there. '
"Our great international demonstration j
which took place in London some months |
' ago was the talk of the civilized world; j
not only were the different costumes rep- !
resented there, but also the domestic con- j
ditions under which the work is carried |
on. We cannot approach this compre
hensive scale in Oakland, but we can make
a good showing, and this is what we in
tend to do."
There are many well-known people in
the Oakland corps, and one of the most
prominent Salvationists on this side lhe j
bay is Millionaire Montgomery of Beulah, j
who has recently received an honorary j
commission of adjutant. Delegates will
be present from the various homes at !
Beuiah, and the whole affair will be an ;
important one in local Salvation Army !
history.
Cadet George Washington Coleman, '
whom Staff Captain Merryweather de- j
lights to call --Sunshine"; Lieutenant
jfca'wyer, who made a reputation once as a
ftSevr York dude; Herbert Land, who runs
Jfor office solely from principle on the
. bition ticket, and many otber well
. .known individuals, will take part.
PRAISE FOR ALAMEDA.
Chairman Forderer of the Board
of Trustees Speaks His
Mind.
Advocates Municipal Ownership and
a Tunnel Under the Estuary
Instead of Bridges.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. Joseph F.
borderer, chairman of the Board of
Trustees and Mayor by virtue of his office,
■published a long letter to-night, giving
his; views upon the people of this city,
municipal ownership of public utilities
and needs of the city, and opposing the
construction of a bridge across the estuary.
-His position among his associates and
•in politics adds considerable interest to
his article. It Is without doubt the most
decisive manifesto issued in many months
"in this locality, and will carry great weight
in the coming Non-Partisan convention,
which will nominate officers for the spring
.election. He says Alameda has always
been in the van of progress, and will no
doubt continue so in the years to come.
He then continues:
-- Its residents and taxpayers when once
aroused are progressive and energetic, and de-
CHARACTERS IN THE BIG SALVATION ARMY PARADE.
terminod to secure the best results for their
expended money. This determination has
been shown in the beautiful/ homes, Jjeautiful
streets, splendid and unexcelled system of
sewerage, and .in fact in every branch of pub
lic improvement.
Regarding municipal ownership he deals
entirely with the lighting and insurance
propositions, alter expressing a hope that
the city will buy the motor company s
plant. He says:
Gas and electricity are vying with each
other for supremacy for lighting purposes.
The city electric light plant is a step in the
right direction, and as it gains in customers
our taxes for street lighting service will be re
duced until by another year I hope to be able
to say that our taxes lor lighting the streets
have been wiped out. A feature oi the electric
lighting will no doubt be inaugurated, allow
ing eacn private consumer to burn one lamp
at bis entrance tree, thus lighting the street
in lront of his residence and obviating the
necessity of street lamps, and at the same lime
beautifying the street on which he lives. _a*>
costs $2 per 1000 feet ior lighting, or $1 To
per 1000 feet for heating, ami is rapid. y com
ing into general use. A reduction oi the price
will be the next welcome step, either by com
petition or by municipal ownership and con
trol.
The efficiency of our Fire Department with
the facilities at hand compares favorably with
any in the State. The looses frcm fire have
averaged about #4000 per year, which is about
10 per cent of the premium paid for in.-*urance.
1 have thought that Alameda as a munici
pality might insure all the property within its
limits and the extra premiums would pay for
a well-equipped lire department. This prin
ciple would apply only to residence cities.
The public library and tidal canal are
handled iv a fashion that will receive the
support of the entire city, in the following
language:
The new City Hall is large enough to fulfill
its requirements for all time to come. The
next municipal improvement will be a free
library building on the lot already owned by
the Library Board. This will add to the at
tractiveness of the City Hall and will be a
(.rent stride in the literary advancement of
our city. One of the improvements that will
bo most welcome is a postoflice bui. ding for
Alameda, It will be appreciated by the peo
ple. By far the most Important permanent
improvement to be realized is the completion
of the tidal canal, now under course of con
struction, connecting Oakland harbor with
San Leandro Bay.
This work, with the dredging and filling on
the north side of the city, has been under way
for twenty years until it has become very tire
some to our people. When completed it will
give deep water to all points on that side of
the peninsula and afford great opportunities
for the building of warehouses, wnnrves and
factories. In the near future allstreets should
be opened to the water at both ends, and
should be provided with wharves and storage
facilities. The proper location for the great
grain wharves and warehouses is at the- west
and north sides of the city.
In closing, he says:
1 am opposed to the building of any bridges
across the estuary. The only proper way to
develop ti.e sections bordering upon the estu
ary is to give shipping unobstructed access,
and to do this a tunnel large enough for
trains, electric cars and pedestrians should be
constructed under the estuary. On the south
side 1 would like to see a bulkhead con
structed from High street to Pacific avenue,
miking a wide boulevard and forming one of
the chief attractions of the city, at the same
time bringing into market sufficient properly
to pay ior the improvements.
SOME OLD HISTORY.
Mayor Davie Asks Why It Does Not '
ltepeat Itself at This
Time.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— Mayor Davie
recalled some past history to-day when he i
saw in the papers that the Valley road
might terminate at Richmond Point. He I
said in an interview:
We are certainly residents of a remarkable j
city. I cannot think what the outside world
must be saying of us. Four years ago I started
the greatest crusade agaii.st the existing rail
road monopoly that was ever known and it
has borne good fruit. Now there is tne great
est opportunity that was ever known to secure
tbe terminal of a genuine competing road,
backed by ample capital and free from every
suggestion of S-iuthern Pacific influence and
what do we see— not an effort of any kind to
ward securing it.
The Valley Railroad people have been In
specting the coast all arouni our county, and
yet none of the official or mercantile boards
has extended them a we. come or ever offered
to escort them around. This would not be
surprising in some towns, but in Oakland, 1
where the City Council and the Board of j
Works always profess to be such anti-railroad
folks, whit can one think of it .' ltis sufficient
to convey the idea that Oakland cfficials are ;
i aiiti-raitroad for political purposes only.
Everything that 1 hay« introduced during the I
las: two years has been very quietly snubbed
Dy Messrs. Wilson and Peirsol on one hand and
Mr. Manuel and his iriends on the other; but
in this instance it seems but reasonable that
they should have done something.
The Valley Railroad must certainly want a
share of the ferry travel, and they cannot get
it at Point Richmond, and if Oakland's of
ficials are at liberty why do they not at least !
do something to let the new company know
that there is something more than wind m all
tneir talk.
The natural terminal for the Valley road Is
on the hay shore, and yet Oakland is standing
idly by and seeing the opportunity of her ex
istence pass by. When I look back and recall
the scenes of other days I cannot nelp but be
amused. I remember when Dick Knell stood
on a pile at the fool of Broadway and franti
cally signaled my ferry -ooat to come into the i
Southern Pacific wharf; i recall the night !
when Dr. Pardee and the Council went down
to tho foot of Broadway and ordered tne Street
Superintendent to wheel away the ticket
office, while anti-railroad Councllmeu picked
up rails and sweated while the world shouted.
All these things and many more are known i
to everybody iv Oakland and the men who en- |
gineered them made patriotic speeches and !
vowed that they would aid any genuine com
petition. All this appears to have been for-!
gotten. If It was done for any other than !
purely selfish motives why has it died out?
If the actions of the past were sincere why !
do not these same people now create a whoi3
some agitation and do something to show that I
the location of the terminal of the Valley road
in this city is really desired.
Burglars at Work.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 8. — Tne res
idence of J. C. Redmond, 303 Twenty
fourth street, was entered last evening,
whils the family was at church, by means
of windows left unfastened. Half a dozen
stiver spoons were the only missing
articles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DRANK FROM A
GLASS OF POISON
A Nurse Accidentally Takes
Enough Morphine to
Cause Death.
Calmly Walked Into the Hospital
and Asked to Be Re
lieved.
Miss Baker's Vacation Nearly Ended
Sudden y and Fa
tally.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 8. J
Miss Stella Baker, a nurse employed at
the City and County Hospital in San
Francisco, walked into the Receiving Hos
pital about midnight and calmly told
Dr. Stratton, who was then Betting the
arm of a woman who bad met with an
accident, that she had swallowed thirteen
grains of morphine by mistake. The doc
tor at once turned the fractured limb over
MISS STELLA BAKER, a Nurse at the San francisco County
Hospital, Who Nearly Met Death by Poison While on Her
Vacation.
to the steward and proceeded to save the
life of Miss Baker.
When she entered the hospital it was
thought she was a friend of the injured
woman, and much surprise was expressed
when she told her story. With the aid of
the stomach-pump she was relieved of the
drug before it had begun its deadly work,
and although she will recover she was vio
lently sick all day.
Miss Baker explained that «he bad
taken the drug by accident, but would
give the doctor no satisfaction as to where
she obtained it or where she was when she
tooK it. • : ,*?
"1 have been over here nursing a pa
tient," said Miss Baker to-day, "and last
night I got hold of a wrong glass, and be
fore I lenew it had taken a large dose of
morphine. Knowing full well my danger,
1 went to the Receiving Hospital at once
and told the doctor what nad happened.
I am a nurse at the City and County Hos
pital, San Francisco, ani have been" on a
vacation which ended to-day. I cannot
tell you where I was staying when I swal
lowed the morphine, but I do most posi
tively assert that I had not the remotest
idea of taking it with suicidal intent;
neither did I do it because of any man.
My parents live in San Francisco and I
have the brightest of futures and cannot
think how anybody could get the idea
I wished to end my life"
This morning Miss Baker telephoned to
Fabiola Hospital for Dr. Hopkins, who
she said was a friend of hers, and told
him of her accident. He saw nt once that
everything had been done for Miss Baker,
and that she was in no danger, and as he
was not at the hospital the latter part of
the day, it is presumed he went to San
Francisco to tell her relatives of her mis
hap. _?*?*-.'-' '
eft to Ma Mother.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. The will of
Jacob Linklater, who died in Berkeley on
February 3, has been filed for probate. It
was dated January 7, 1897. The estate
consists of $171-13 in the Htbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, $97 60
in the Commercial Bank of Berkeley,
$2094 65 in the California Savings and Loan
Society of San Francisco (now in liquida
tion), personal prot erty amounting to
$100, real estate in Berkeley, $1700 and
$800; Lake County, $3500. ;
Linklater's will gives $1 to a daughter,
Janet Elizabeth Linklater: to his son
George 160 acres in Lake County; Peter
Steed-nan and Mrs. Agnes Steedman, $520
each; Miss Adah Whaite, Percy Whaite
and Howard Whaite. $100 each ; Mr. and
Mrs. Underwood, $50 each; Mrs. Mary
Donahav, $50; the residue of the estate to
George Linklater of Edinburgh, Scotland,
for the use and assistance of his mother if
she is alive. Some jewelry and music are
left to a sister, Janet Link ater of Edin
burgh, Scotland. Certain insurance In the
Knights of Honor is left for his sisters in
Scotland.
Colonel Jones* Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Feb. B.— The funeral
of the late Colonel J. A. Jones was held at
the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church yester
day afternoon. It was lareely attended
and many beautiful floral offerings were
received. The pastor, the Rev. S. 8. Pal
mer, conducted the service. The pall
bearers were Colonel J. C. McMullen,
Colonel Q. T. Knox, Colonel William
Macdonald, W. It. H. Adamson, D. F.
Tilliusbast and George Grant.
REJOICING AT BERKELEY.
Congratula'ions Over the First
Passage of the "One Cent"
Bill
Professors and Students Will Hold a
Jol.ifi.ation if It Finally
Become-, a Law.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. There was
great rejoicing among the faculty and
students at the State University this after*
noon when the news was spread abroad
that the "1 cent additional tax" had
passed tbe Assembly. The proa test source
of satisfaction was the fact that the meas
ure had been carried without a dissenting
voice, which signal victory for the univer
sity brought the further assurance that
the bill will pass the Senate and become a
law.
The first word relative to the carrying
of the measure was received at 3:45 o'clock
from Hon. William R. Davis, ex-Mayor of
Oakland and president of the Alumni
Association. His message read as follows:
Sacramento, Feb. 8, 3:30 p. m.
President Martin Krt'ogci. Berkeley, . a..- Uni
versity bill, unaltered, pa-fed Assembly to
day. Congratulations. William R. Davis.
Later another dispatch came from How
ard E. Wrieht, Assemblyman from the
Fifty-third District, which includes the
university. It read as follows:
Sacramento, Feb. 8, 4:19 p. m.
i President Martin Kellogg, Berkeley. Cat.: In
name of university I congratulate you. The
bill passed the Assembly unanimously this
afternoon on final passage.
Howard E. Weight.
These two telegrams were placed on the
bulletin-board in a conspicuous place, and
within a few minutes they were sur
rounded by a body of enthusiastic pro
fessors and students, who stretched their
necks in eagerness to read the golden
word.. *
.. Congratulations were passed from hand
to hand and a general rejoicing took place.
As the passage of the bill in the Senate
and its signing by the Governor means
that the annual income of the university
will be increased in the neighborhood of
$250,000 visions of pillared halls, marbled
corridors, monuments of modern arcui
tecture, bronze drinking -fountains, broad
crass plats and \ paved walks and
drives, to talce the place of
some of the present humble wooden
structures, 'the lowly tents and prime
val campus, began to loom up before the
eyes of the students. The future univer
sity of California with its spacious accom
modations and elegant appointments to
sunersede the present crowded classrooms
appeared to them as a dream.
Should tlie bill pass tbe Senate and be
signed by the Governor it is probable that
a jollification such as has never been seen
before at Berkeley will take place. ,
A COMRADE OF
MAJOR McKINLEY
Henry Woodruff of Temes
cal Will Be in the Pres
ident's Escort.
Fought Side by Side With Ex-
President Hayes in Twenty
Battles.
Several Prominent Califoroians Were
in tbe Celebrated Regiment
From Ohio.
— — —^— — —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
• 908 Broadway, Feb. 8. J
One of the few survivors of Company E,
Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, of which
company President-elect McKinley was a
member, is Henry H. Woodruff, who
lives at Temescal. In consideration of
having seen service side by side with the
Ohio statesman Comrade Woodruff will
join the Twenty-third Regiment, which is
to act as the personal escort of Major Mc-
Kinley in the inaugural parade.
Mr. Woodruff has received the follow
ing invitation and has notified those in
charge of his acceptance:
Comrade: The Twenty-third Regiment, O. V.
V. 1., has accepted an invitation to attend the
inauguration of Comrade William McKinley,
as his personal escort in the inaugural parade,
and will call upon him in a body on the morn
ing of March 5. Every comrade that possibly
can should take advantage of this opportunity
to pay a tribute of respect to our honored com
rade. Arrau_ceini-iitbi-.viH.be made for the ac
commodation ot all comrades while in the
capital city. Arrangements will be made for
board and lodgings, or lodgings only, as each
may select. Comrades will please furnish
themselves with a G. A. R. regulation hat,
with gold cord, white gloves and dark clothes.
Badges, etc., will be furnished.
Ben Kill ax,
Corresponding Secretary, 20t> Superior street,
Cleveland, Ohio.
"On many occasions," said Comrade
Woodruff to-day, "Major McKinley and I
have kept watch side by side. Our regi
ment was the first one in Ohio to enlist
for a three years' term of service and was
mustered in on June 11, 1861. We were in
twenty-one battles, and during that expe
rience every member of the company that
survived felt as thouch they were mem
bers of one family. In our regiment was
Captain Otis of the Los Angeles Times;
G. ■H. Hubbard, Mayor of Sacramento,
who was first lieutenant; W. S. Rosecrans,
who was colonel; Stanley Mattnews, lieu
tenant-colonel, and Rutherford B. Hayes.
Major McKinley is the second President
that has been elected from that regiment,
Mr. Haves being the other."
Mr. Woodruff is a well-known member
ol the Grand Army and looks forward
with great pleasure to meeting his old
comrade under circumstances so very dif
ferent from those which confronted them
when first they met.
Almost Cauie to .Blows.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— During the
taking of affidavits before Notary Fred D.
Campbell in the suit of Ann Harris
against J. P. Ames there came near being
a personal encounter between Attorney
Raymond Benjamin and ex-Judge Charles
N. Fox. The question of a continuance
was being discussed, when Attorney Fox
made a statement ot the matter as he un
derstood it.
"That"? a lie 1" exclaimed Attorney ben
jamin. "I will say, Judge" — but rx-Judee
""ox had started toward Benjamin with" a
hostile demonstration, 'replying, "Don't
you call me a liar!"
A personal encounter was imminent,
when parties in the room stepped be
tween them, and Mr. Benjamin hastened
to make amends by remarking: "I want
to apologize to Judge Fox; 1 did not mean
to use that word; it was wrong uoon my
part to do so."
Ex-Judge Fox replied: "I tbink it is the
only time any man ever called me a liar.
It is the last time you will ever do it and
be safe."
With this the hostilities subsided, and
after some conference of counsel the tak
ing of the deposition was postponed.
The Garbage Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— The suit of
the Scavengers' Union to test the validity
of the ordinance giving the Oilorles.
Crematory ant Reduction Works the ex
clusive right io gather and dispose of all
garbage without limit was on trial in the
Police Court to-day. Leonardini had char
tered a car to remove the garbage out
to Stege, where arrangements had been
made to dump it. lie was arrested when
he transferred a few shovelfuls to the car.
"V. H. Metcaif and Clinton G. Dodge
represented the Scavengers' Union and M.
C. Chapman assisted Prosecuting Attor
ney H. A. Melvin as special counsel for
the crematory people.
A Unique Idea.
OAKLAND, Cal , Feb. B.— Mayor Davie
was greatly surprised to-day by there
quest of a man who had heard that the
ringree plan was to be tried in this city.
The applicant wanted a piece of land ap
portioned to him at once, so that he could
go to work raising quail to be served on
toast to the poor while they are waiting
for their crops to grow. The Mayor could
not approve of such luxuries for the poor
and failed to give the man any encourage
ment, but the quail- raiser is not at all dis
couraged. .*._
Appeared in Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 8. — Miss Re
becca Kieve, who received the guardian
ship of her younger brother under circum
stances somewhat doubtful, as charged by
their father, was in court to-day in re
sponse to the publicity the matter has
been given. Shu was represented by a
San Francisco firm of attorneys. The
hearing was continued until Saturday at
10 a.m. The young lady and her brother
are with their grandmother, Mrs. Fox, at
Berkeley.
Scenic Driveway.
•OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— The Board of
Supervisors met as a committee of the
whole to-day, with the committee who
have in hand the scheme of making a
scenic driveway from Twenty-fourth
street, in this city, out along the course of
Cemetery Creelt to the city limits, and
thence to Piedmont. The advisability of
laying a storm sewer in the creek bed to
the lake and building on it the driveway
was talked over at consideiable length.
Granted a Divorce.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— Mrs. W. B.
Gay, the alleged fifth wife of Bigamist
Gay, was granted an annulment of her
marriage with him by Judge Ellsworth
to-day. Gay testified that he was married
to Ray Gafford in San Francisco during
January, and tbat he had an undivorced
wife living at the time. She was Millie
Gay (nee Edoff), and they were married in
Pueblo, Colo.
New Station at Hollands.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. The South
ern Pacific Company has located a station
at Hollands crossing, on the lower San
Lorenzo road, to be known as Estudillo
station. It will be located on the Stone
property, and tne company will put in a
sidetrack for freight and will slop all pas
senger trains. This will prove a great
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
convenience to fanners and orchardists in
that vicinity. Heretofore they have been
compelled to haul their freight a long dis
tance in order to ship it.
A. P. A. Convention.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. B.— The Ameri
can Protection Association will hold a
municipal convention and select a full
ticket as it did two years ago. The vari
ous councils oi the city have been ordered
by the City Advisory Board to select dele
gates according to their numerical
strength, but the date and place of meet
ing have not yet been made known.
Agreed to Disagree.
OAKLAND, Cat., Feb. B.— Mrs. Annie
Titus has filed suit for divorce from Fred
erick Titus, charging extreme cruelty.
The parties < have no children, and it is
understood that the husband will not
make a contest. They were married about
four years ago, sbe being a graduate of
Saell Seminary. Soon alter the wedding
it was discovered that they could not
agree so he leit her. 7-^7
That Local Train Accident.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. The miracu
lous escape of a hackload of people from
instant death yesterday afternoon at the
crossing on. the marsh has aroused con
siderable comment. Inadvertently the
account in t his morning's paper gave the
names of Mrs. MolK and Mrs. Toll as
being in the carriage. This was owing to
the fact that Mr. Crome started with
them, but on his return he bad Mrs.
Henry Heinz of 1219 Kearny street, San
Francisco, and her three children, Wil
liam, Lizzie and Henry Heinz Jr., and
Miss Kate Gilbert. Crome's injuries are
serious, but he will recover. The others
were only slightly injured. The hack was
hauled to tbe stables to-day in splinters.
The horses were also badly cut about the
legs. mmm—————sm—mm
OFFICIAL SALARIES CUT.
Figures That Are Unpleasant
for People in the County
Building.
Under the Circumstances It Is Not
Easy for Tbem to Express
Their Feelings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 8. J '
Alameda County office-holders do not
view with satisfaction the proposed cuts
in their salaries which the legislators have
decided upon, in this respect the officials
are in a very unpleasant situation. They
each furnished a statement of their re
ceipts and expenditures for the past year,
and the people were surprised to learn
what a very email share of the appropria
tions made -to each office was left after
they had paid their deputies. On this
showing the officials made it appear that
it would be suicidal to make any cut. The
legislators, however, have decided to at
tach a fixed salary to each office and to
pay tho deputies from the county funds.
The salaries are somewhat higher than
the amounts the officials said they were
receiving, and consequently it was ex
pected they would heartily welcome the
change, but somehow or other they do not.
The following figures nre. agreed upon
by the delegation and will prove interest
ing reading to politicians. They are as
follows:
County Clerk's County Clerk, $4000
per annum; one chief deputy, $1600 per an
num; four deputies, $1500 per annum; two
deputies, $400 per annum; one copyist, $600
per annum.
Sheriff's office— Sheriff, $4000 per annum;
one Under-?!. $2400 per annum; one
chief jailer, $1800 per annum; assistant jailer,
$1200 per aunum; four deputies, $1200 per
annum.
Recorder's office— Recorder, $4000 per an
num; one chief deputy, $1500 per annum;
two deputies, sl2oo per annum; one mortgage
deputy, $1200 per annum, it is provided
further that the Recorder shall receive 6%
cents per folio- lor each paper or document
recorded or filed. This revenue is to be re
tained by the official.
Auditor's office— Auditor, $4000 per annum;
one deputy, $1500 per annum.
Treasurer's o'ffice — Treasurer, $4000 per an
num: one deputy, $1500 per annum. . .
Tax Collector's office— Tax Collector, $4000
per annum; chief deputy, $1500 per annum;
one deputy. $400 per annum ; one extra deputy
for April, $100; three extra deputies for July,
£100 each; four extra deputies lor August,
$100 each; five extra deputies for September,
$100 each; six extra deputies for October,
! $100 each; eight extra deputies for Novem
ber, $100 each.
Assessor's office— Assessor, $4000 per an- |
num; chief deputy, $1800 per annum; one j
deputy. $1200 per annum; two poll tax depu
ties, $100 per month; five deputies, $100 per
month; lour copyists, $100 per month; seven '
outside field deputies, $100 per month; one
cashier, $100 per month; three extra depu
ties, $100 per month. Exclusive of the
cashier, all the deputies under monthly sala
ries can only be employed between the first
Monday of March and the first Monday of July.
The cashier's term is from the first Monday in
I March to the first similar day in August. The
Assessor is allowed no compensation for the
collection of personal property taxes, poll or
road taxes, and will receive no pay tor the
compilation of the military roll.
District Attorney's office — District Attorney,
$4500 per annum; chief deputy, $2000 per
annum; assistant, $1500 per annum; deputy,
$400 per annum. .. ...
School Superintendent's Superinten
dent, $3600 per annum. ....:.„
Justices of the Peace and constables are
merely allowed fees.
The compensation of Supervisors ls fixed at
$1500 per annum, and they are allowed 10
cents per mile mileage, provided only two
such bills be presented each month.
RECTOR BOLTON INVITED.
Rev. Marshall Law Invites His
Brother Divine to a Debate
in Church.
A Little Editorial in " Choir and
Nave" That Has Created Great
Interest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 8. J
A little leaflet published at the Church
of the Advent is issued weekly. It is
called the "Choir and Nave," and Rev.
V. Marshall Law is editor, proprietor and
publisher. _Kv77
The edition circulated in the church
yesterday contained the following edi
torial, which has created much interest,
and the ongregalion is anxious to know
whether R*v. W. W. Bolton of San Fran
cisco will .appear and debate with the
rector.
Last Tuesday the rector called upon the
Rev. W. W. Bolton at the rectory ou Union
street, near Steiner, in San Francisco, and had
a plain talk with him about extreme ritual
istic practices which have been such a stum
bling-block to some of our candidates for con
firmation, and thereby learned from the gen
tleman himself his grounds for these prac
tices. Mr. Bolton was verr courteous and
gave his reasons frankly, and while they did
not at all convince the rector of the tenable
ness of his position, it was a satisfaction to get
these reasons at first hand and to hear him say
that he us.d these ceremonial practices with
calmest premeditation.
The rector proposes on next Wednesday
evening, at the Church of the Advent, to give
an account of this interview with Mr. Bolton,
and to ask Mr. Bolton himself to b_ present to
see that the rector fairly represents the inter
view. He will be invited into the chancel and
given an opportunity to explain bis grounds
further if he desires. It will be a quiet and
dispassionate review for the enlichtenment of
such of our people as are troubled," and no
words will be indulged in which cannot be
properly used in Mr. Bolton's presence. A
talk of two hours with him has convinced the
rector that such a talk for our general enlight
enment is perfectly feasible, and that in jus
tice to him he should be present if he desires
to be. ■ ... -' . :■*•'.• - - -j," ■
Auction Sales
rami Aiirno. CO3IPASF.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday February 9, 1897*
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
1057 'TARKET STREET, OPP. JONES,
B. order Administrator, we wlli sella Magnifi-
cent Lot of i ur.-.ilur-. Carpets, Bedding, Crockery,
Glassware. Ranges, etc.: 1 Elegant Parlor Suit. 1
I) ■:. d I*. d ratal extension Table, cost $66; 4 Oak
Sideboard : Wardrole, Bedroom __ts. Mantel
.-irrors. Easel Mirrors, Engravings, Paintings,
Ktch n 3, Portieres. Curtains, 'I in ware, Mat-
tresses, comforts, Blankets, Pillows and 1000
vans of Carpet; also an amount of Books from a
Private Library.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
H. .1. LETT] HOLTS.. AuctlO iter
COLLEGIANS PLAY BALL.
Berkeley Seniors Easily De
feated by the Juniors in the
Season's First Game.
The '98 Men Run Up a Score of 24 '0 5
Stepped at the End of the
Sixth Inning.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Tbe first
baseball game of the season at the State
University was held this afternoon be
tween the seniors and juniors, resulting
in a score of 24 to 5 in favor of the junior.--.
The '98 men had things their own way
from the start, and had run up such a big
score tbat when the seventh inning was
about to open the seniors threw up the
bat and called quits. In the first inning
! ench side made two runs. In the second
'98 made five runs and in the third six
runs. In the fourth the '98 procession
started, and before the end of the inning
they had made twelve tallies. The bat
tin- was good on both sides, but on ac
count of the slippery condition of part of
the diamond good field work was ren
dered difficult in the extreme.
Following was the make-up of the two
teams:
Seniors. Position. Juniors.
C. tis ion Catcher Baer
A. Els ton Pitcher..... Jarvis
Kansome First Base Wilson
Deane Second Base Budd
Osmont Third Base Blaslngame
Son Short stop Poser
Saph Right Kle.d Young
Ererett Center Field Proctor
Miller Lett Field .Boag
Football Men to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Captain
Haskell, the newly elected leader of
Berkeley's football forces, has already
commenced planning for next Thansgiv
ing day's contest with Stanford. He is
sued a call to-day for all football men to
meet him to-morrow afternoon, when
matters of interest concerning training
and preparation for the game will be dis
cussed. Haskell proposes to take time by
the forelook and prove whether there is
any virtue in the policy, as practiced by
Eastern gridiron athletes, of being con
tinuously in training. A course of pre
liminary work will be begun at once. This
will be entirely contrary to precedent on
the Pacific Coast, as at no time hitherto
has any pretense been made at systematic
work at a time more than four months
distant from the contests.
Again Postponed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 8. -The com
mittee in charge of the grand reception to
be paid to Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Le Conte
at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in San
Francisco has announced that the recep
tion has again been postponed till Thurs
day evening, February 18.
l-pit'.cmic of Measles.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Sixteen
cases of . measles, besides nine convales
cents, are reported to be at the State In
stitute for the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
at the present time. There are 200 chil
dren in the school. . Numerous other cases
have also been reported from various sec
tions of the town.
Mumps .are also prevalent. In one of
the Greek Letter fraternity houses alone
out of a membership of sixteen there are
four cases.
Miss Wheeler Improving.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Miss Lulu
Wheeler ot Addison street, accidently shot
, in the leg a week ago, is reported to be
j much improved. The physicians say that
1 she will be confined to her room for at
least a fortnight longer.
LEGAL NOTICES.
■VfOTICE OP EXECUTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
-»-> Estate— Notice is hereby eiven that, pursuant
l to an order of the Superior Court of the Slate of
California in and for the County of Los Angeles.
duly given, made and entered on the 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896, and an order duly given, made
r and entered therein on the 3mh day of January.
{ 1897, shortening time of noiice. iv the matter of
! the estate of CHAI-LES N. II a SSOX, deceased,
• No. 1143 of the files and i ecords of said court, .he
! undersigned, MARION E. HaS.-ON. as execu-
l trix of the last will and. testament of said
j CHARLE.. N". HASSON. deceased, will, on or
alter the llth day of February, A. D. 1897, and
I within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
i to the highest and best bidder all the right, titlo
; and Interest which said CHARLES N. HA__*JSON,
I deceased, had at the time of his death and whicn
i said estate has acquired in and to tbat certain real
proper. situate in the City and county of ..an
Francisco, State of Calilornia, and described a.
follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant three hundred and fifty-
five (355) teet southwesterly from the southwest-
erly line Of Fourth re .-t, running thence south-
westerly along said line of Howard street, lorty-
five (45) feet, ihence southeasterly parallel with
Fourth stre-t, eighty-five (851 feet, thence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street, forty-five
(45) feet, thence northwesterly eighty-five (S.i)
le l to the point of commencement, being a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of said city
and County.
And also that certain real propert- situate in
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los An -teles.
State of Califor ia. described as follows, to wit:
Lot nineteen (19), block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Angeles.
Lot twenty (20) ln b ock two (2), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of Los Ange.es.
Lot twenty-two (22), block two (_.), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of Los Aneeles.
And also ibe northerly sixty (60) feet of lot
three (3), block seventeen (17), Ord's survey of
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los An-
geles, State of California, and being the north-
erly half of said lot 3. now being the property
of the estate of saia CHAKLK> N. HAS.ON,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant to said order, and the same will be sold lv
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of said lots,
parcels or tracts.
The terms of said sale will be cash lv lawful
money ot the United Slates on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof ln cash on confirmation
of sale, one-third on or before six months, and one-
third or before twelve months fiom th ■ date of
sale, all deferred payments to be secured by note
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the real estate sold, and to
bear interest at the rate of 9 per cent per annum
that offers or b.ds In writing will be received by
the undersigned at the office of Water Rose, Esq.,
entrance room 2, 238 W. First su, Redick hoc.;,
city of i os Angeles, ccunty of Los Angeles. Mate
of California, or Messrs. Easton. Eldridge A Co.,
638 Market su, San Francisco, Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property, and sal bids may be left
with Waller Rose, Esq., Messrs Easton, Eldridge
A Co. or the undersigned, at 631 South Spring au,
in the city of Los Angeles. Cal.
Dated this 30lh day of January, A. D. 1897.
MARION E. HASSON,
Executrix of the last will and testament of
CHARLES N. HASSON, deceased.
Waltkb Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, Rf dick block,
Los Ang* CaL, attorney for executrix, or Kas-
ton. Eldridge A Co., 638 Market su, San Fran-
cisco, or iv.l South Broadway, Los Angeies.
Dated February 2. 1897.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
02i>KEABKT!-T. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost hood. Debility or
disease wearingou bodyand mindand
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
otbersfall. Try him. Charges low.
CnrckKiiaianlrrd. Callorwrite.
Sir. J. _-•. UIBBOI-. 1957. 5 an Franclsca
Wiiftft," Man VeptaM. Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have us"d them for over forty years to cure * '■ ■■>
8- UK HEADACHE, GIDDINES-S CONSTIPA-
TION, lorpld Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples and
purify the b.ool. ,-
Crossiai's Specific liter.
With this (eu.edy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to -business. The medicine
contains nothing that ls of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist tor iv Price, Sl '
a bottle.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco a______-_
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
616 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth, and Mission streets, opea
until 9 o'clock. a,
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. *
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
£805 Polk street: open until 9:30.
L.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
K3B" ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. •
\m**mv and A. M. — First degree THI__J».
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. ICX
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary, /^r^
ssXfAS" CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5. Sf.
&*** R. a. M., will meet THIS (1 DK_-______
DAY) EVENING, February 9 at 7:3o^K*2f
o'clock. M. M. decree. By order of the '▼>
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
f_^_S» GOLDEN GATE LODGE, NO. 30, a
\m^& F. and A. M.— a. lea meeting THIS II
(UK-DAY) EVENING, February 9, at TKJf
7:80 o'clock. Third dezree. /^V*
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
BK5g» UNITY ENCAMPMENT NO. 26. Sfx JfS
S*ssr I. O. a F. Regular session TO-^\X"
NIGHT. Members rued to attend. Tni- yV
tia-.lon. JOHN L. CROSBY, C. P. • X
fJ__^S- MAGNOLIA LODGE NO.
IsfrJF 29, I. O. O. F.— Officers and __§*g__*SJ&
funeral detail please assemble in our :^(s^
lodgeroom TO-MORROW (WEDNES- -^W*N-
Da 1 ). February- 10, at 10 a. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late brother. THOMAS
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
■Tls***- FUNERAL — UNITY .oWl*,
s-**^ Lodi;e No. 27. A O. U. W. FtineralsP^i
escort will please lake notice 10 attend the£T&&|?
funeral of our late brother, D. GOLD- C§_lJ_»>
STONE, at oar meeting hall. Shiels buildi.ig. 32
O'Farrell at., on WEDNESDAY at 9:30 a. M. Fine
will be strictly enforced. By order
J. R. FITZsIMMONS, Master Workman.
I. D. Martin, Recorder.
R^gpTHE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF
lm*jßr the members of the Bishop Armitage Church
Orphanage will be beid at the office of the secretary,
ban California a... room 38, on February 23, 1897,
at 12 11., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws 01 said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the en-
suing year: also for the transaction 01 such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L W.*\ PIT aM, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
f^=- DR. BAZKT REMOVED FROM PHE-
tSs^ lan building to 908 Geary st.: teL East 367.
RSgp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 84;
S-" rollections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6: tei. 6580.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN FROM THE
X J* ast with little girl 8 years old would like
place in a lodging-house or cook for a few men.
Call 323 Sutter at.. MISBCU__LEN.
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL DEsIRES SITUATION
_- . at housework or curse, $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter at.
COMPETENT GERMAN NURSE WITH REF-
eienc? desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
Co., 316 Suttrr st.
i -I ERMAN SECOND GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
\J lion. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Suiter sl
lillNE GERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK. HAS
X best references, wishes place In private family.
Address 112 William st.
COMPETENT WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
__.' laundress, wants housework in city or across
the bay. Call or address 3480 Seventeenth SL,
near Guerrero.
A.l AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH,
.111 or man any kind of work. Call 29 Perry, days.
TV. OMAN WISHES SITUATION; UNDER.
•I stands cooking and general housework. 924
Washington st., beL Powell and Stockton.
CT SWEDISH GIRLS WANT POSITIONS TO
mm do housework: $20 per month. 901 Folsom st.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
VT general housework; wages $2(1 2811 Six-
teenth st.
VAT ANTED— POSITION TO DO CHAMBER-
•I work and wait at table by respectable young
lady in private family, G. H., box 145, Call Office
OCOTCH PROTECTANT GIRL WISHES
IJ cooking and housework in American fami v:
good cook; can give references. Call 720 Ellis st.
/ ..pable young WOMAN wishes to DO
vV chamb-rwork or housework 6 or 7 hours a
day. Address H.. box 118, Call.
LDERLY LADY WISHES POSITION DO
housework in small family; wages no objecL
Address 10 Wetmore place.
A'OUNG WOMAN WITH A CHILD 3 YEARS
X old wants situation do housework; city or
vicinity; wages $10. R. S., box 47, Call Office.
ITUATION W ANTED BY COMPETENT
O person 10 do upstairs work or cooking; good
reference. Address 1339 Pine st.
Kr LIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
as a good cook, and will do light housework;
city or country; good references: will -worn for
moderate wagei. Address 3586 Twenty-third st.,
near Sanchez.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
by the day. Address 400 a Oak st.
"yOUNG, RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL
X to assist or do general housework in small
family: reference. Call 1712 Eddy, above grocery.
Y^UNG WIDOW OF MANY-ACuOMPLISH-
X ments, lately from the East, desires house-
keeper's 1 lace; bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. ISVs Sixth sl, room 2.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
situation to do bousework and plain coo ling.
7-3 Hampshire St., Del. Niuieenth and Twentieth.
DRESSMAKER WISHES TO GO OUT SEW-
ing in families by the day; $L 214 Golden
Gate aye.
\y > NTED-BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
II tei n.ain sewing, mending or care of linen-
room: sleeps home. Call or address 112 Eighth.
I7WRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES a
X few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 50. Address P. M., 43 Elgin Park.
/.FINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERT
Xt enced housekeeper, desires a situation as
housekeeper for a widower; country preferred.
R'.oms 9 and 10, 238 Kearny st.
T'RI.NCH COOK FOR CITY OR COUNTRY-
X go -d references. Address 919 Clay sl
111 UATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
0 girl 1. do launnry and upstairs work; would
like to go a short distance in the country- good
reference. 13iS_V-_ Broadway.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion to do housework: city or country: best
<f reference .all all week at 36 Moss St., oft
Howard, beL Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO DO SEW-
X ing and mending at home. Apply 181 Taylor
St.. room 2.
KESPECTABLE GIRL WANTS HOUSE-
work; can also do second work American or
Jewish family prelerred. Call between 10 and ll
a. m. and 5 10 6 p. it.. 405 O'Farrell bl
YOUNG STRONG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
_ A any kln , d of work ny tne day: Postals answered
immediately. MRs.. M.. 1067 Howard sL
YOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
light housework. Call 243 Harriet sL
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOM AN WISHES SIT-
V_^,!_?'.". nto do general housewor* and cooking.
1013% Larkin 8L fc '
"I ADY WItrUES TO GO OCT BY THE DAY
A- washing, ironing or housecleanin.. Call
1211*1/3 -steiner st.
BY COMPETENT WOMAN POSITION TO DO
general housework in small family or wonld
do chamberwo.K. No. 1 reference, call 777 Mar-
ket sl. room 6. -»« « 1 _ -_ar
IfIRST-CLAsS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
„_.^;? c "". nt by the da y* would go to the country.
786 Van Ness aye. *
14/ ANTED— SITUATION BY A GOOD~ GET -
II man cook. Call 1200 Larkin sL
EAT, RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES TO
-L-do light housework; wages $12. 317 Grove
st., near Franklin.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day or week; no washing; is a good ccok. 80
Shipley st., comer Fourth.
OCNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO
X second work; wages $15; good References Ad-
dr.ss 924 Mission si.
A YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN WOULD
JA. like work by the day: hevsework or chamber-
work. Apply 626 Howard st.
L V AN AMERICAN LADY, • POSITION AS
X"**- housekeeper, child's nurse or chambermaid;
with best references. Call at 2011 Mission at.,
downstairs- ' r .--.
INFANT'S NURSE (AMERICAN) WISHES
position; can take entire charge; thoroughly
experienced aud trustworthy; has excellent refer-
ences from last piace; wanes $25. C. R., box 7,
Call Office, Oakland.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper: no object on to children, Call or
address California State Hotel. Fourth and How-
ard sts., room 25.
1 ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
AJ keeper, or will do plain sewing and mending at
borne, cad after 12 it. or evening, 821 Mission
at., room 6.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
Tir ANTED— BY A GIRL. HOUSEWORK: IS
II a good cook: best of references. MRS. HAR-
OLD, 515 Eighth sL, Oakland.
ATOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 112 Taylor St., room 14.
HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY'
a widow; country preferred; good references.
Address M. a., 1653 Fifth St., Oakland.
, f. ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
' VT assist In housework and cooking; $15 to $20.
-02 Post st. BffESS
/"I ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
'X Mason st., teL main 6332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
LADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A Posi-
tion as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market sl
y-OUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
X housework; sleep home preferred. 120 a
Wildey SL
ATOUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO HOUSK-
X work or taae care of children. Call at 227
Seventh 8L
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS A POSITION
as cook; wages $20; thoroughly understands
business; well recommended. 1236 Mission st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework. Call 414 Tenth sl
COMPETENT WOMAN WoULD LIKE SlTU-
atioi! ; general housework; best references.
26*i6-V_ Sutter st.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
general housework in private family. Call
171 Howard bl
ATOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
X any kind of office: understands shorthand,
typewriting and bookkeeping; $3 per week. Ad-
dress Z. La, box 12, Call Office.
17URST-CLASS DRESSMAKER FROM NEW
• York wishes a few families to sew for: $2 per
day ; best of references. Address M. A., 916 Polk.
■yOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X to assist in general bousework: wages $15.
Please address Miss STANLEY, 879 Twenty-
second, near Market St., Oakland, Cal.
GERMAN LADY, GOOD SEAMSTRESS, DE
aires few more places for plain sewing or
mending in bote, or private families; 60 cents per
day. Address L. R, box 164. CalL
YOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
X many accomplishments desires a position as
managing l.otisekeei er in widower's or bachelor's
home. 223 Post St., room 2. BS-S
OMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
C. OMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
) as working housekeeper in widower's or bach-
elor's home; wages $20. 211 Fourth sL, room 51.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth St.. room 17;
hours, 11 a. 11. to 9 p. m.
EXPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE;
$9 per week: best of references: confinement
and other sickness taken home; private Call 719
Webster SL
yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper or do plain gentleman sewing.
106 Fourth St.. room 2.
7"l Q LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
* XO CALL: subscriptions an: want ad. taken.
yOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF RhFINE-
X mem ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing nousekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post sL
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes sl;
open until 9 :3U o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
lj do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook for small fsmily. 620 Washington streeL
"\y INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
II Market: 200 rooms 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Thi Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND RESTAURANT
heip of all kinds turnished on short notice by J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 -acramento sL
HUNTER A CO, CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, nr.Cai.; teL main 231. W.CYOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90, St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tei Main 5234.
CHINESE & J A PANFSE; EsT'D 20 YEARS;
help-.teLmain 1997. BRADLEY __ Co.. 640 Clay
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help 411 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 42&
GOOD STRONG BOY. WILLING TO WORK
at anything; good references. 400 a Oak st.
WASTED — WORK OF ANY KIND; EN-
II ginrer. fireman, watchman: must have work
to provide for family; good reierences. Address
H. J., box 118. Call.
TTOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WANTS POSITION
Xas dishwasher or to help in kitchen. Address
35 Grand aye,. off Howard St., near lenth.
BARBER WITH 1 YEAR'S TXPEHIENCE
x> wishes employment. Adaress B. 8., box 122,
Call Office.
ARDENER AND GENERALLY - USEFUL:
VJ German, with best references, wants situation
in private family. Address G. G., box 148, Call. .
OUK, GERMAN, 25, WISHES SITUATION
/ for day or night work: . is sober; would like a
steady place. Address FRANK, 275-^ Minna sL
SITUATION WANTED BY' A COFFEE-
planter; German, single, with four years' ex-
perience in Central America in coffee, bananas,
cacao ana commissary, wishes to go south again,
as manager or s-.ec._iid. For particulars write to
A. Z., box 131, Call Office.
STRONG YOUNG BOY, 18 YEARS OF AGE,
wishes situation; any kind of employment ;
handy; references. Call or address 206 Eleventh.
MAN 30 YEARS, USING ENGLISH AND
German, wants position as assistant book-
keeper or clerk. Clerk, box 79. Call Office.
U! ANTED — SITUATION BY A YOUNG
11 Swede as coachman and gardener; good
driver; can milk- Address A. S., 1200 Seventh
sL, Oakland.
COMPETENT COOK (GERMAN), STEADY
I and sober, wants situation in restaurant or
lunenhouse: best of references; moderate wages.
Cook, box . 9, Call Office.
"V" UNG MAN LIVING WITH PARENT?;
X work In day saloon. SE. cor. Clay and Davis.
I J ELIABLE, HANDY MAN (MARRIED), HAS
X\> knowledge of gas-fitting, as plumber's help.
J. B , box 160, Call Office.
STEADY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any kind; can drive and
care for borses. D., box 76, Call Office.
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS SlTU-
atlon to do general homework. KATANO-
ZAKA, care Japanese Mission, l&j_9 Pine su
APANESE HONEST BOY WANTS SITUA-
tion to do housework. Address I. BANO, 410
Franklin St.
CAPABLE AND HONEST MAN WANTS
place as porter In hotel or saloon, or dish-
washer. Apply bli Pine aL
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
rx Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
o'_>Q HAVES ST.— AN CH office OF
•jOO Thk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN WANTS Posi-
tion, any capacity: good office assistant, store
or drive delivery wagon. S., box 32, Call Office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
aL — Want ads and subscriptions taken.'
BY A YOUNG MAN, SOBER AND INDUS-
trious. a situation to travel for a wholesale
house: speaks Spanish, French and English; ac-
quainted in Mexico; good salesman ; can give
a 1 references: wages no object: will lake side
lines if necessary. Address H. J., box 40, this office.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
_*. Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
YOUNG ENGLISHMAN WANTS PLACE AS
stag'.dnver or to take care of horses thor-
oughly competent. Add. F. CLUER, box 109, CalL
STRONG BOY USED TO WORKING IN
bakehouse. Apply Baker, box 72, Call Office.
r-L)H MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
OZil open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD MT., NX.
11 Market: 200 rooms; 25c to «1 50 per night-
sl 60 10 $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COLORED COOK, $20; SECOND GIRL AND
sewing, $20. __TSS COLLEN, 323 Sutter st.
I?RENCH NURSE, $25: 12 HOUSEWORK
X girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter at.
GERMAN OR FRENCH GOVERNESS, $30
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, $25: NURSE $20
MI..S CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
pEKMAN NURSEGIRL. $25.: NURSEGIRL,
vX $20, must have reference; nurse, $15; nurse-
girl, $12: honsegirl, $25, small family: housegrl.
_ln family, $20. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 butter,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
GIRL, FELL ST., $_0. «.IRL, GOLDEN GATE
*JT aye., $18: girl, Lombard st , .20; girl, Fair
Oaks, $20; girl, Eddy st., $20; girl. Buchanan St.,
$20; German nursegirl, $20: cook, Milton, Cal.,
$20; girl. Post St., *20: girl. Morley, Cal., $20;
girl, steiner sL, $15; girl, Geary a L. $16; girl,
Stelner st., $15; girl. Green st., $15: girl, Fulton
St., $15: girl, Fillmore s;., $15: .in. Vacaville,
cal.. $15: girl, Livermore. Cal., $I*.: girl, corte
Madera. Cai., .15; 1- young rls, $8, $10 ?nd $12
per month, assist, etc. MARTIN'?*, 749 Market.
COOK. $20 AND ROOM: 2 WAITRESSES. $5
a week; kitchen girl, $3 a week: girl, small
res ra .t, $12 and room: luncn waitress: Ger-
man waitres-, $20 aud room; chambermaid, coun-
try, $18 and room; ironer. steam laundry, _30;
girl, assial in small restaurant, $10 and room ;
waitress. $30 and room: laundress, small country
botel, $16 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
GERMAN NURSE GIRL, __"U MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
GERMAN GIRL ROSS VALLEY, $20. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Mariiel St. I
GERMAN GIRL. POST ST., $20. MARTIN'S,
749 Market sl
COOK, $45 AND ROOM. MARTIN'S. 749
Market st.
OOK, PRIVATE FAMILY. $25; 2 GIRLS,
second work, $15: attend bakory and assist
housework, $20; 6 Germau and Swedish girls, $25
a d $20; light housework girls $12, $15; German
gin, 2 in family, $1.--. housework gir , sleep at
home, $15. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
EFINED PROTESTANT WOMAN ABOUE
XV 30 years of age, as nurse and governess to
banker's fami y; couutrv town; $25 and found;
references required; American preferred. For
fuuher particulars apply to MURRAY <fe READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID. ASSIST WAITING, COUN-
try hotel, i.lB, see party here 9 o'clock this
morning: pl.iu laundress, same hotel, $15; girls
for housework, Santa C ara and other <ouitry
towns, $20 each; waitress, country hotel. $17 50,
fare paid. HURRAY A READY, Leading .em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL,
11 $20: restaurant, $25; cook, hotel. $35 : Prol-
es ant cook and laundress, American family, $30,
see lady here at 10 to-day: 4 German, French and
Protestant second girls, $20: English nurse, $26:
3 cooks, German style. $25, aud a great many
girls for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 316 Su:tersL plHii UIII II I 'IB
<•) CUUKs. $25 AND $30; INFANT'S NURSE,
*— French, $25; 10 girls for housework and to as-
sisL MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; UlR___9 OF
a.l nationa.r.ies 10 fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment cffice, i>o6 Mason sl
GIRL WANTED TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
f laundress in a small private family ; no cook-
ing; wages irom $12 10 $15. Call at 1712 Stockton.
P> EXPECTABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
XV work $7 a month. 427 Natoma st. V
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AT 117
VJT Bartlett st.; French preferred; good borne.
LMRST-CLASS BUTTONHOLE- MAKER ON
X 1 vests. 3 Dykeman place, off Mason aL, near
O'Farr. 11.
AROUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
X in Protestant family Of 3. 1698 Page st.
TyONE BUT FIRST-CLaSS FINISHERS ON
Xi custom coats 942 Folsom St.
WASTED- STRONG NEAT GIRL FOR GEN-
II eral housework and cook.ng. 2412 Pacific
aye., from 1 to 3.
A'OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
X private family. 26 Hayes st.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
VJ work: waves $10. 710 Hayes sl
ANTED- GIHL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work; small family; references required.
1307 Fillmore SL
1 'IRIS WANTED TO DO TAILOR-WORK.
0 611 Third st.
REFINED YOUNG LADY AS MANAGER OF
local country office. Z., box 69, Call Office.
I -.IRL TO TEND -TORE IN A BAKERY.
VJ 2809 Twenty-ihtidit.
iy ANTED— EXPERIENCE!. WAITRESS IN
II restaurant. 606 Kearny st.
yOUNG -..ERMAN GIP.L .'OR GENERAL
X housewonc, lake care of chL. ren. $1 >. Eureka
Valley Bakery and confectionary, 4147 Nine-
teenth St., near Co.llll_.wo_d.
/URL WHO SPEAKS FRENCH TO TAKE
VJ care of children; references. D sl. C., box
61, Call Office.
YOUNG GfRL FOR GENERAL iiOUSE-
X work, wi.h references. Apply 2241 suttee
Ty ANTED— PUPILS FOR A PRACTICAL
II millinery school ; course thorough: cluss now
forming for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed:
evening classes. 221,2 Geary or 410 Leavenworth.
GIRL: LIGHT HOUSEWORK; PLAIN COOK-
VJ ing for two: sleep home. X., box 87. call.
\y ANTED— YOUNG G:RI. TO ASSIST IN
" light housework: good home; small pay. Call
F. v., 33 Noo sL, near Thirteenth.
pELMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: 9t012a. m. 604 McAUiner St.
ANTED— IO YOUNG LA DIES TO LEARN
II barber trade: shop to open May L Particu-
lars call l.^SVs Eighth st.. S. F. Barber College.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital, tall at 1065 Market sL, room 1
T earn dress, l and MILLINERY;
Xj $1 per week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School. 636 MarkeL
L'LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
£ Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
ftl ~ LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
V>X«J Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
LAWRENCE CUT ING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for patterns: every one
t uaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hens'!, 44 Third st.. near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $150 por nlgbt: $1 60 to $0
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
II U NINTH ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
XIUThk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
BOY TO WASH DISHES; HEAD WAITER.
s> small restaurant; dishwasher, $15: cook, $20
and room; Orn an second cook, $26 and room:
cook, $40 and room; trailer, $.-5 and room; er-
rand-boy, $.0, room, board, etc.: young man to
run electric elevator. MARTIN'S. 749 Market sL
pOLORKC YOUNG MAN ASSIST IN PRL
\J vate boarding-house; $15 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market at
ASCII HAND, $20, ETC; MAN TO CUT
wood, $1 60 per cord. MARTIN'S, 749 MnrkeL
SECOND COOK, GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
and oysters, restaurant, $40: second cook,
country hotel, $1.0; German night clerk for lodg-
ing- hous ". $35: bead porter, tee boss 11 a. m. c.
R Hansen <fc co., 110 Geary aL
PAINTER; MUST BE A GOOD GRAINER;
country town. MURRAY it READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay at.
5 MILKERS FOR DIFFERENT COUNTRY
towns, $20 to $25: prunera and orchard- hands,
£15 to $20: man to raise black ' erriea on shares,
Fee boss here. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employmeut em*, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LERK FOR GENERAL COUNTRY STORE;
\J shop butcher and sausage-maker. $60 to $60
and found; slaughterer. $50 and found; waiter
boy, $10 and found. R. T. WaRD A CO., 606
and 610 Clay sL
ANTED - GENERAL MERCHANDISE
clerk for country: $50 and board: German
salesman and solicitor for co_n mission-bouse:
f desman and solicitor for co a mission-house:
Frmers, choremen i\nd others. Appiy to J. F.
CROSETT A CO, 628 Sacramento st.
WANT ED-BOY TO RUN ERRANDS FOR A
II market; $3 to $4 week; call early. AN-
DRE'S, 315 Siockton st.
ANTED— AN' IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simpie thing to patent? Protect your
ide;s: they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOHN
WEDDERBURN* CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Wafchington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 10C0 inventions wanted.
BLACKSMITH AND HORSESHOEING SHOP
for sale; bargain. 1620 Harrison at.
WANTED-BODY IRONERS FOR SHIRTS
and starch work. Contra Costa Laundry,
Oakland.
ELDERLY MAN FOR COUNTRY GARDEN-
_ ing, horses. 8 Twelfth s:., 12 to 1 to-day.
r AN TED-GOOD TAILORS TO TAKE WORK
home; coaL pants and ye _ maker; must be
good tailor.*), and stale prices. Address D. F., box
29, Call Office.
TjyANTr.D— CHEAP SHOEMAKERS; PATCH-
-11 ing machine. LINKLETTER, san Jose.
TirANTED-A FIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH.
II horseshoer and wagon-maker combined;
steady job for right man. Apply cor. Turk and
Webster sts.
C'MPOSITOR FOR GENERAL JOB WORK.
\J 16 Fremont st. '
TV" ANTED — FIRST-CLASS HOUSE AND
Ii sign painter by the day. 753 Market sl
WANTED-TENOR FOR CHURCH CHOIR:
good salary. 426 Sutter sl, bet. 7 and Bp. m.
GREAT BENEFIT TO HEN OUT OF WORK.
539 California sl
ANTED— BOY TO CARRY SIGN IN
street 9 and 10 a. H. 1208 Marke: sl
SHOEMAKER WANTED, AND A BOY TO
learn trade. 636 Commercial at.
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
TYISHWASHER WANTED. 153 THIRD ST.
O-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND 4 FINE LIV-
«-» Ing-rooms on Sixth st. for sale very cheap: rent
paid for this mon.h: must seil at once on account
of departure; a great bargain; make offer. In-
quire 707 Brannan st.
BARBERS— GOOD SHOP IN COUNTRY, $100.
DECKI-LMAN, 504 Batlery at.
L OREMAN FOR A VINEYARD, ORCHARD
x and ranch; able to pack raisins, figs, prunes
and other fruits; run a gang of men to advantage;
trom 30 to 60 years; single man; references re-
quired salary, $50 and found and increase. Call ln
person or write stating full particulars former
employers, etc. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sL
ANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
»» position in country: must bave $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. M... 9 Geary, room 2.
Tlf ANTED— FOR SALE OR HALF INTER-
'» est: a good man for a good-paying oyster and
chop house; best loeatton; clearing $250 to $300
per month; no agenia For particulars address F.
P., Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — FOR CASH, SHOEMAKERS'
„ Patching machine. LINKLETTER, San Jose,
California.
W ANTED-SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
■i school supplies. Whlla-er-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
BARBER' —FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS, 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary .H. BERNARD, 102 seventh sl
BARBER-SHOP, RUNNING SCHAIRS; LOW
aa rent; good location; price $125; trial given;
this is a rare chance. J., box 67. call Office.
ij > ARBER WASHSTANDS, 1,2 and 3 bowls.
i 1 cheap H. HUFaCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
T ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT SHOES
Aj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; sboes made
to order; bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74.* Mission, near Grand Opera-bouse.
ELCHO HOUSK, 863iv<_ MARKET ST.— P.uOMS
20c, 25c to 60c nlghl; $1 10 $2 weet
9' = »9. . MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
__#.__, want ads taken for THE CALL.
BP— T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
„ 25 c . . Nts per night: $1, $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial' and Leldesdorff sis.
m NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
The Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
[»KUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
1 - all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per weeic. J. Q. __» raKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
mf.de to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
TJ ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
A_* rine Corps, V. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the United States, or those
wbo bave legally declared their Intention to be-
come such: must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feel in beigbL For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills SL. San Francisco, Cal.
ROOMS 16c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm sl
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
WANTED,! COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOB
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection a_ct. 110 Sutter
9*.9_. MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
_•/_ i Ths Call; subscriptions acd waut ada
taken.
fI.RY ACME HOUSE 957 MARKET ST.. BS-
A low Sixth, for a room: '.5c a night: $1 a weak.
I fl. . MKN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 150
J"" and 20c a nlghL including coffee and roil*
€24 Washington sL. near Kearny.
'ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, BilU runs Denver House, 217 Third sL: 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ROSEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
nisbed rooms. 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
Ijl SIMON WANTS 100 MEN TO GET BOT-
J. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay
ll r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR
"' MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from tbe ferry.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
• > week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
rtadlng-reom: daily papers. 36 Clay sL
\\r ANTED YOUR SHOES— WK REPAIR
'» tboesupto 9 o'clock every nlgbt; those work-
ing through the day can bave their snoes repaired
at night while you wall: laoies' soling, 35c; mea'i
tilling, 60c: flne shoes made to order trom $2 np.
we have a lo: of sbo»i been damaged by water, at j
less than one-fourth tbeir value, from 25c up m
$2 60. ..tf_! Mission sl. bet. First s'.. and Second »L .
AGENTS WANTED.
AsK OCR AGENTS WHO IS MAKING THE
JA most money. BRICK A CO., novelties, 777
Market sL
GENTS-ALL THE BOOK BUY WILL
buy the new memorial edition of "Uncle
Tom's Cabin"; if yon wish to make money don't
delay in applying for territory to F. PERSON,
manager subscription department. The Whitaker
A Ray Company, 723 Market sL
AGENTS— A NEW MAP OF CALIFORNIA,
JA the latest and the best; now is ibe time to
make money: "strike while the iron is hot." F.
Perron, manager subscription dept.. THE WHIT-
AKER A RAY COMPANY, 723 MarKet sL
ANTED — STEADY MAN FOR PERMA-
" nent position in cash business: must be satis-
fied with $20 per weeK anil have $.100 cash Ap-
ply 777, Market St., room 7.
WANTED — CANVASSERS FOR LATEST
* ' best-sellinc novelty: big money made easy.
Apply at once bet. 9 and 12 a. ____, 1664 Alabama.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENTS WANTED
in each town on the coast for office business.
Send 10c for samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24-^ Third st., S. F.
.".HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free
COTTAGE WANTED.
ANTED— RRIi.Hl' SUNNY COTTAGE OF
" 6 rooms: mus be north of Market and west of
Van Ness. Address J. 8., box 69, Call Office.
=
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
TIT ANTED —AN ELK'S HEAD, MOUNTED
»» and in perfect condition. Address X, box 74,
this office.
GAS ENGINE WANTED; ABOUT 4 H. P.;
in good order: state price, make and time been
us.d. B. s., box 79, Call Office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHED,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW*
elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
HORSES.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
rt\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth sL -. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <_ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
C/Y HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
*J\J business from 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-
sL car stables, 1801 Turk; must be sold.
(*.(U) SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS*
U\J\J cess; ail kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surra*
& rockawav: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
P./Y HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
■UU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard sl
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
9 BUSINESS BUGGIES: 1 NKW AND 1 BEC-
«- on .'-hand; must bo- sold. 1202 Websier st.
LOR SALE— TEA. IOFFEE. AND SPICE
i- wagon. 1340 Turk sL
MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
A . dry and milk-wagon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 828 Harrison sL .. .
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty; prirate; no fee without success: probate.
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years. >
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. corner Stockton sL
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS Suc-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDsON, 927 Market st.
W. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. tele building; advice free; lowfe all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfui. J. 0. JEFFRESS. 632 Market, rm.23.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHEMI-
cals, paper and 6 plates, $2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary sL
HOTELS. SSS
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST-
board room $1 to $2 per day. $6 to $12
per week; - choice rooms 50, cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 to $1 50 per night: first-class
service; free coach CHARLES MONTGOMERY
EDUCATIONAL.
LUCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and school of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefui a, say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell sl : elevator. -
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Ociavia St., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynbam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa,
teacher. office days, Thurs. and SaL p. __.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping; business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY' RES'. THK LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery st. : Individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraph*, etc.:
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPKRFEC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. R. s. DAVIs. 1508 MarkeL
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH-. ELEC,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archil., X ray
tau-hl ; e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLEN,933 Mkt
S TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSIN KSS
College. 723 Market sl; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition
PIANO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR,
banjo, 60c per lesson. MME. FH__Nl__, 622
Clay sl. room uO.
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA; TELSARTE
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
BF.M. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde sL
KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkL
Q UBSCBIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FORTHE
O call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 -.30 o'clock.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 60c;
best ref. B. F., box 76, Call Office.;
SPANISH.FRENCH.Etc.; Prof. De FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Post sl-.estab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING DaNC-
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary sl
PROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
mandola; terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
B OOKKPNG. WRITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
J ) day it nlcht : noclais"i>: $5 month. 845 Mission.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. BAFE AND SPEEDY CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may bave the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with best care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences ofa hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation tree and contidentiaL Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-renowed rem-
edy for home treatmenL MRS. DR. GWYER
226 Turk sL
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
isL still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. Wtth a mind matured und enriched by
studies of an advanced order, tbere is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist yon. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delic ue organism is beyond his sura con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others in cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlora 906
Market sl Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
4 LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
JA. (from whatever cans-*) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers: home in confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: medical electricity for ail
female complaints: every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free, confiden. ial; hours 10 to 5. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 916 Post sl, near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails ln any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister sl, next Hibernia
Bank; hours, 9 _. H. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. it.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few bours when medicines
and others bave failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
borne for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, Hid
Market st., over the Owl Drug Store.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless Bills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troub es.no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at borne: all cases guaranteed: be
not deceived or m.sled by self-praised advertisers.
DRPOPPER.tbe well-known pioneer, 318 Kearny
DR FOULETS FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects: taken In time It
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
sent free by mail un receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR AND MRS. WEGENER 626 EDDY ST.;
private borne with every comfort: separata
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
LADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
royaI pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c., stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Ca, Philadelphia
A LPEAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
dies with female troubles; no danger; safeand
sure; $2 50ex;'ress C. O. D. ; don't deiav until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;C..i.
DR. AND MRS. RAY' — SPECIALISTS IN
female diseases: Irregularities restored with-
out fail: no instruments; safe and sure: private
home: InfaTlble pills; regular physician. 61 Fifth.
RK GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or fur, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease; home for patients: best skill: free diagno-
sis; low fees: self cure. 401 Van Ness aye.. flat D.
MTHE PEOPLE 'B ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
nstitute all cases treated and medicines fur-
n shed for Cl; callorwrite. 1 029 Va M *.rket sL,
beL Sixth and Seventh, san Francisco, Cal.
S'Sf... paid for A CASE I fail TO cure
"l*" of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR;sCOTl,4loOeary
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS A CO., drugg. 406 Clay st., sole agts,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Marset st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
ibe worst cases treaied satisfactorily by mall.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth sL, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
_____ MRs. PUETZ and becontenL 264V3 *•-**■
R. HALL, 14 McAllister street, near
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
fT. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailinSE.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
WHEELER A WILSON FAMILY SEWING
machines cheap on accou.. t of removal. 126
Eighth SL
RESH DURHAM COW; THIRD CALF; 20
quarts rich milk; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
<5»-| A DOMESTIC MACHINE IN GOOD OR-
Cl". der; all attachments. 2437 Mission sL,
near Twenty-first sL
/CARPENTER'S CHEST OF TOOLS; COST
\J $126; for sale cheap. 937 Mission sL
VTICE COUNTER AND SHELVING COM-
i-i plete for saloon use. 211- _ Ninth st.
FAMILY HORSE, PHaE.ON AND HAS-
ness for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
THOROUGHBRED HARFORD COW: VERY
gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3.38 Encinal aye.,
High-st. station. Alameda.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE:
stock: sire, champion, Grand Masier; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
3121/t Fulton st.
NEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
il W. R RAY MFG. CO., 12 California sl
OILERS.ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mcintosh A Woipman, 137 Beala,
iiARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
D cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnitur* and fixtures, new and
second band. J. NCONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission su, above Sixtb.
BARS, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
ATION AL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
-i-> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
bARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
xJ ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEIHUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market a:
PERSONALS.
HC.-CALL AT THE CALL EDITORIAL
. rooms, 517 Clay su, between 1 and 2 p. it.
to-day. '
NY ONE KNOWING WHEREABOUTS OF
Eddie Miles send word to 190 Russia ave.,S.F.
KNTLEMAN, TEMPORARILY KMBA R.
rassed. would like to negotiate with private
par ty for the loan of 500; --.aid loan wanted for
15 days; security -North f 20u0 win he placed In
toaner's hands to ensu. c prompt repayment, and
a bonus of $50 will be given for the accommoda-
tion: party must be responsible. Address B. 8.,
box 132, Call office.
YOCNG DOCTOR (AGE 31) WISHES A LADY'
J. partner with some means; one matrimonially
Inclined preferred. Address Physician, box 119,
this office.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : prlv.ite detectives, estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y at-aiv. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
WANTKD- YOUNG LADY PARTNER TO
ff engage in show business: noexpeii-nce neces-
sary; traveling company. % X. V., box 159, CalL
J-J GRIPPE,
RHEUMATISM
And all kindred diseases easily cured wlbout
medicine. Electricity is life, and as applied with
the wonderful electrical apparatus used at
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGN; TIC BATHS
'1 he cure is both pleasant and permanent. Noth-
ing like iL Go at once ana be well. Sunny rooms
and hygienic board very reasonable. Free consul-
tation 1 to 3 mid 6to 8, Sundays 10 to 12. Call or
adaress 1533 BUCHANAN sL
MME. MYRTLE POTTER, CARD-READER,
maguetist, returned. Rm. 8, 1362 a Market sL
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claim! to have had connections with
me are springing up every day— people who are
jea.ous of my success. Don't make any mistakes.
It's G. LEDERER.iI 1 Stockton St., nearest Geary,
thatyou want to see; my price tor balr-dressiug is
positively 25c only for auy and all styles; same
price in the store as in the advertisements.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
capital wanted by a lady. 116 Sixth St., rm 2.
MMX. J. PHILLIPS, LADIES' FASHION-
abIe hairdresser, removed 10 120 Geary St.,
opposite California Furniture Co.: popular nrices.
IF HANNAH GILBERT, LATE OF MAS-
Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would bear of something to her ad-
vantage. :.:'-"-.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
sonable; 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
st , room 6.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates-.best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MISS KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdressing parior;
latest effects ;prlce 26c. 124% O'Farrell, nr.PowelL
PROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully treated: rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson at.
Mrs. c. SANCHEZ, ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine st., room 7.
LAURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540-
-641: hours- a m. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 < MM. CARDS, f 1 60. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
± ■_"_» TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary sl.
ffl; 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WlL-
f_)-L SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market.
'97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
Oiu I of Ths Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc., 424 Pine «L; Illustrations furnished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC BAIR DRESSING, 25c; f25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot core.
MRS HUBBARD, 1104 Market sL, room 28.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: No PAY
until cured: send for book. DBS. Mans.
FIELD A PORTERFIELD. 838 Market sL
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope films: price $250.
BACIQALUPL 946 Market st.
WALLPAPER 40 A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
" ing, palnting.etc., by contract or day's work, at
yourown pnCb- N.K MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-
J Winchester House. 44 Third sL, nr. Market;
200 rooms. 25c to fl 50 per night: $1 50 to to per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9U6 Market sl, 8. F.
CLOAKS FURS AN SUITS RETAILED Al'
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome sL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS DR F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills," deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent iriends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stoc-s, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. m. to sp. if., strict. N. R— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terma MRS. DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket sl. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
Cc c. c. c.
. Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck in love, courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments aspeclalty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fifth i_, room L
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91; letter 2. 929 Post sL, nr Larkin.
ME. NEOMA, CARD-READER: PAST,
present and future; 25c. 131 Fourth sl; sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
ISS BERNHARD RETURNED: CARD-
reader and magnetlsL 17a Sixth st, room 10,
second floor. '-'SSSSBS
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post St., room 2.
ME. NELSON, MEDIUM AND CARD-
reader. 120 Eddy sL, room 1.
MME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER:
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th, r. 5.
MMr. LEONA RETURNED; CARDrtEADER;
magnetic treatmenL 995 Market, room 3.
ME. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium ln city; fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 25c np.s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth 3t.; water readings a specialty.
CONSULT THE LUCKY MEDIUM; 25c; ONE
price. 41 Minna sL, near Second.
*PSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Market; ladies 26c, gents 50c.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 128 Seventh sl. top flaL
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BEST- KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. Residence, 132 Turk sL
MME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 25c: 914 o"FarreU.
MR WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS: LA
dl"!- 25c: .en;. ..IV. 951 M lsalon. nr. 6tb.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
DR. ADDIE SWAIN. TRANCE MEDIUM,
female specialist; circles Sunday, Wednesday
and Friday evenings. 61 Fifth st.
IfDNAJWALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
- dlnm and magnetic healer. 865V_i Market st.,
room 10. ;--'\:V' < *
MRS. STEERS' CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 8
o'clock; 26c readings daily; fl. 1121/3 Oak.
II ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT-
-1* 10c. 418 McAllister ; music.
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c; orchestra md quartet. 418 McAllister.
MME. GRAY. THE WONDERFUL MAGNET-
IC healer. 142 seventh si., room 33.
VI RS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, fl-
If A circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. m., 26c. 233 Valencia!
VI Rs. H. A. GRIFFIN— CIR SUN. EVE. ; 25c-
i-H pari or- test mlg. Thur. eve. ; stss 42 V_i Grove!
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium A life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT \TE
• • writer. 118 Halcrht st: hours 9 until 6 pm.
' ■
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT
success grtd.H vpnotlcMesmerlclns,6 O'Farreli
■■■.'■'■'
. BUSINESS CHANCES.
IG_I_E_.TCAS__fVRi^7pAID FOR FCRNl-
tnre. restaurant saloon fixture* .nd -'*°^" r _"
stocks. STENBEIiG. 632 Market; tel. main -___.
<2sL\A f\(\ 23- ROOM HOUSE CLOSE TO LARGE
._r_:UU. factories: every room rented : big bar«
gain. STENBERG A Co.. 632 Market st V
<3_7nn LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOTN.II
nT ' cm. , ash register, billiard and pool tables, J-*
fi e mirror, etc. good corner: low rent; big bar-?
gain. STENBER. , & CO., 63 i Market sL
_9l.n OLD-ESTABLISHED AND WELL-
<plmm\J\J. known saloon: half block north of
Mai-wets..: this place is elegantly fined up and
« ell stocked: must be sold, as proprietor has other
business which requires his time: every Investiga-
tlon allowed. STENBERG <__ CO., 632 Market SL
3__. ; .0 BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN
JtlJ'xyy'. this city: cood horse and wagon; no
experience "necessary; positively .clears fltiO a
£_?».?" week's trial given. STENBERG -__. CO.,
632 Market su
R A „ OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
rh ,2' n a splendidly established general mer-
fn£ _£_ .* n , neM: U! hea!h the W°" for se "-
Address goq ox r 9 ab ° Ut **^' 000 °* $23,00 °-
5200 h£E.I Sfhß WANTED IN UENTEKL
Miuflid «52 S8: sulted to p' alu a"** -y man
nesseasilT h *2o per week; indoor work; busi-
ness easily learned. 9 Gearv, room 2.
CTUHER-SHi.P FOR _Tl_E cifiHIVO
tor _!_l.°lt v alhi muit * Void by ASftEdg
Hyde sts. 6: Allocation. Corner Pine and
.TIRADE RKAL ESTATE FOR CASH BC^I-
I ness y.elding prompt returns. Am. si-__ {__.
Basement Crocker Bidg. teel °''
IGAR -STAND FOR SALE; RARE OPPOR.
Fow._l '.l' fiD * location. Apply tai.or-shop. 120
Powell aL *
STOCK OF GROCERIES FOR SALE AT SW
cor. Post and Hyde s:s: store to let; rent f_:s.'
/GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING**.
vT rooms; kept by_present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sl * "
GOOD CLUBROOMS TO RENT IN SALOON
one block from MarkeL Club, box 118, Call.
MAN WITH f75 CAN MAKE MONEY* EASY
Particulars 539 California st.
SALOON FOR SALE. COR. POWELL AYE.
and Mission sL
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address N\, box 61, this office.
HOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS k
places it will pay .hem to consult the reliable 7
firm of THOMAS & CO., 33 Sixth St., room 18/
Telephone South 592. /
IP OR SALE-OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
A grocery aud bar; on account of sickness. An-
ply to WICHMAN, LUUEN «fc CO., 3-0 Clay
st., bet. 8 and 10 a. m. ; no agents.
< ft9o(. BUYS A HOTEL BAR AND RESTAU-
CIPZ.U _/ rant; rentf 12. 2521 Twenty-fourth bl,
I near where Howard-st. car stops Potrero aye.
PAYING SALOON: GOOD LOCATION; DAILY
receipts 10 10 *12: must be sold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office.
RESTAURANT AND CHOPHOUSE; MUST
s.ll; cheap. Ing. meat market, 1105 Mission.
ARTY WOULD LIKE TO BUY HALF-IS.
t* rest in undertaking establishment; slate ad-
dress and full particulars. G. S., box 32. CalL
Partner WANTED IN PAYING SA^
X loon: recently opened; will bear investiga-
tion. Room 18, 33 Sixth sL
PARTNER WANTED WITH flso TO IN-
vest in a medical-bath treatment business. 33
Sixth at., room 18.
**_Qf.n WANTED ON FIRST MORTGAGE
npOVU on a $7000 to f 8000 property. Particu-
lars 412 Natoma st.
ASSAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED
A. business for sale. Address Assayer, box 25,
Auburn, Cal.
GOOD-PAYING CANDY, STATIONERY AND
cisar-store; cheap; account of sickness. 1314
Howard st-
V-JUSO WIDOW IN GOODCIRCUMSTANCES
A wants gentleman partner. 104 Msson st.
WOOD AN D COAL YARD FORSALE CHEAP.
564 Howard st.
TO LET-CARRIAGE PAINTSHOP; GOOD
location for business. 1340 Turk sL
SALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN; ON AC-
count of leaving city. 515 Market st.
__<3f... SALOON NEAR PRINCIPAL MAR-
j _iOOU. ket; cheap renL For information ad-
i dress 8. P. WILSON, 431 Greenwich sl
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post. r. 8.
1 *_ I '.OO FOR SAL *- OR EXCHANGE FOR,
I *IPJ-UVJ\r. city property.old-established harness
1 business ln San Luis Obispo County: it residence
i is wanted 4500. Address W., box 60, Call Office. .
UNPARALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR IN-,
vestors in good gold mine. For particulars call
H. H. FERNS, 450 Townsend sL
NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
pictures. Animatoacope, 933 MrkL, 7th floor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth sl, room 1.
FOR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
and house on accoun; of sickness; cheap. 250
Spear st.
FOR SALE— GROCERY' AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and Dolores.
EXPRESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Sutter sts. J. C. FREDERICKS.
PHENIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILLMORE
St.. for sale; 160: trial given: cause disagree-
ment of partners; see the cook
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE APPLY THIS
office.
9 i , Oft MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
mmOmm want ads taken for Thid Call
FINE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from MarkeL 15 Grant aye.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN
ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
X . close to San Franclsca For particulars apply
this office. rl "
qqq hayes-branch office of the.
_•«_-'_■■ Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
q7vßpc-r____i_^
Ov 22-room house, 0n1y... 5 Inn
66 rooms, cor... 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter 700
H "l". must sell R 20u 66 , rmS ' best *-*^y -3.500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. 0
"I ODGING-HOU_E FOR SALE; ON ACCOUNT
J j retiring. Inquire 725 Golden Gate aye.. a!" it.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
_TX Bedroom sets, 3 pieces 53 50
Solid oak dining chairs ....750
4-room furniture outfit. _!..$67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 55 C yard
SHIREK A &HIREK 747 Market «L. opposite
Grant aye. '-*:~
A LL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS, MAjjt-
JA. tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and Klasstriffj
sacrificed cheap; party moving away. 211 1£ 9™.
AIM) CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS $U~
-,V .. stoves. 5 -„ parlor eets, *20; folding-beds!
$10: bar outliu. T. D. MCCARTHY', 764 Mission!
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods; new or good
ssnew: easu or on lime; open evenings.
OR SALE-FURNITURE OF FOUR ROOMSI
good as new; must be so.d in a few days. Cal
and investigate at 35 Donand sL
Tp URN ITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN.
A ters, showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU want GOOD prices FOR FURN i"
x ture and merchanolse see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
oy Indiana Auction Co* 1057 MarkeLopp.Jone*
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK?"
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVK .i
Mgr, 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
W HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneerc'sr.
pet-beating Works, 853-57 Tehama st.; tei. bo. 40.
PET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3<j- RTTf*
samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO Tii^i
Suiter; tei. Main 394. GEO- WaL. prop?
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovt •>• *..__.
. ation works. 409 McAllister. TeLJesfie^32L
CARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED 1 iiri.-
new. 23 Tenth; tel. south 36. Mackintosh ".
JK. MITCHELL. CA PET-OLE ANI Vi
. 240 14th sl : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mjj, jl
pONKLIN'- carpet- BEATING ITT^rT'
b 333 oolden Gate aye. Tc--..pt,i_ie E,^ " t _l*
Professional cards.
i ohn K. RICHARDS, a^off-t-e^t^ttt-'
V K Z* **e d «. crocket nuumu 4 ;
76, Ban t rancisco. CaL *«"epuoue -*«»•
JOHN R AITKEN ANDMAURIOR 1 asHFR. "
auya « law, rma 515,51^^^ farrottof^'HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 4 ROOMS: REAR 131o7laRKIN^T
Apply 1318 ■ ar-iin
.■__. 1 *< 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
c_ A ' . pere.i; in good condition. 2123 Masou st. ■
9 WALLER, NR. CTAVIA— NICK HOUSE:
a-. 10 rooms and bath; sun ail cay : rent 830. Ad-
(ply MADISON <_: IKK. " ,
/ __• I£. * » ROOM A D BATH; NICELY' DEC-
'W 1 "- orated. 1436 Golden Gate aye., N. side.
si' 111 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH—
C «■'. looms: every convenience: marine view.
BAD TEN ..NT-. J-JKCTKIJ; 93. SMITH,
- 1_) collector, 14 Mc * Ulster at., rooms 10-1 L
d?9n 2814 LAGUNA: HOI 6 ROOMS.
_J._£U. 5F16— 1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms,
f 14— 1833 Union; 4 rooms.
5 ROOMS; 033b SKCOND ST.: 915 PER
0 month. Key at 639 - econd st.
7 ROOMS; 5378 SKCOND ST.; fl7 PKR
1 mouth. Key at 639 Second sc
p. ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN 1M-
- sJ provements: 45 Federa: s .; 915 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-econd st.
HOUSES TO i-KNT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ H.iAIAIOND'S. Id
ilontronierv st.
p— —^— — — ~— — — __^_
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE; 4 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
A .housekeeping; bath: large yard: must be sold
immediately; sacrifice: rent 912. t.26 Natoma st;
no agents.
GOMPORTABLY FURNISHED COTTAGE; 6
rooms, batu; garden; rent very low. 2441
- Lark st.
UNNY UPPER FLAT. FURNISHED: 6 RMS.
O bath; cheap. call 12 102, 2514% Suiter; targe
'.yar 1.
COTTAGES TO LET.
.'• .(A 4~Tc^^RO^_^CC^X_TESr9lo ~T_rfso;
"U or wil sell on terms like rent; only small
• cash payment; get list. SPECK A CO., 002
• - Market st.
-» 9 NEW COTTAGES: 4 AN D 5 ROOMS: BATH;
Abasement; corner Twentieth and F'olsom eu.:
..no children.
CO A NEAT COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS AND
C_*.±U. yard. 1703 lurk at, cor. Scott.
/•iir NICE COTTAGE; 6 KOOMS: BATH;
•uftjXo. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
■i .7 AND f9: COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
«^IO. sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Trea: aye.
.7 AND f9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
\ 3) l good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
? T. orG. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
tr
FLATS TO LET;
/79QA- GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
, I— 0 bath: ligbt; sunny; nice yard.
: on SILVER— 3 large SUNNY rooms it-
- *j\J stairs, fS: 3 large rooms downs-airs, 7.
FLAT OF 4 ROOMS SOUTHWEST CORNER
Post and Hyde sts; rent 17 50.
11l -f AND 1115Vs_ GOLDEN GATE AVE-
1110|4 rooms, f 14; 6 rooms, 916
• VEIY SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 BOOMS; 3176
' _L> 26tb,Cor. Folsom. J.A.ULRICH.4I Crocer bl.
UNNY M.DDLE FLAT; 5 LARGE ROOMS
and bath; rent reduced. 1525 V, Turk st.
Ql 9 NICE FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH.
«Jp tJu. 913 Buchanan sc, near McAllister.
-71 O FRAN KLIN— SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS
fiO and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
LOWER AND UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS,
bath and yard; fl5 and 18. 12 Shotwell at.,
near Fourteenth.
3L-I C BONITA— OF 4 ROOMS; LARGE
■ XO yard: rent fB.
1 09 0 l SACRAMENTO— FLAT 5 ROOMS;
"i 10-iiOa modern improvements: rent 16.
LAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH; SUNNY BELT;
915 per month: 2010 Va Mission st. Apply 844
Cappsu .-■>.,-■
MODERN SUNNY" UPPER 5-ROOM FLAT.
841 Capp, near Twenty-fourth.
\ Q9^\ MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
I I »_—«-). 1128 noward at., near Seventh.
||»>)e ELEGANT 6 AND 6 ROOM FLATS;
* CT —O. reduced 10 fl6 and 18. fcPEC^ A CO.,
' 602 Market st.
ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW: SUNNY; 6
room*, bath: 920. 735 Minna sC, nr. Ninth.
7 >• URN I SHED FLAT: 2 BEDROOMS, KITCH-
-T en and par.or; rent only 914 per month. Ap-
ply 515 Second st.
TOTHE RIGHT PARTY— I CAN SELLA NEW
collage of 4 rooms and bath on terms of 950
,cash and balance monthly. K. M. LONG, 3207
• Twenty-second at., corner Mission. Ollice opeu
' f .cve L.ngs after 7:30.
( 9" HERMANN, COR. MARKET AND V Air
1 -^O encia — Flat: 6 rooms and large basement,
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
tr eral St.; 10 a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 539 second st.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
v .rooms, 98 to 916; see them. 523 Seventh st.
TT'LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
. JC money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND";* 10
tHonu-onierj- st.
1 — ■
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Castro Street.
* AAX CASTRO, REAR— 3 NICE SUNNY
... tlUcf hard-finished looms, unfurnished; large
yard; cheap.
• •*■' Ellis street.
." 399 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY' FURNISHED
O— — housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
O-lft ELLIS— 2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
: . _>__U ing rooms, with bath; reaaonable.
rOOft ELLIS— LARGE FURNISHED ROOM
00 with privilege of light housekeeping.
XfOQ ELLIS, COR LARKIN— -UNNY FUR-
.. . xJOO nished bay-window and kitchen; -singly or
en suite.
Filth Street.
•*QI A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
• 01 Keeping rooms; stove, closet, bath; no thil-
. dren: 910
' '.309 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
Oa. .— housekeeping; rent cheap.
'•QiOX FIFTH— DOUBLE PARLORS, KITCH-
iAm-O en, bath: unfurnished or would furnish.
Foiaom Street.
•* ' 9^l'C FOLSOM— 2 NICE HOUSEKEEPING
* _-"x 1 O rooms with use of parlor; gas, bath, sta-
tionary wash tubs; healthy location.
Golden Gate Avenue.
OrtO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 FURNISHED
CtiO sunny rooms for housekeeping.
"•■ '. '"; Howard Street.
'11 .19 HOWARD — 2 NICE FURNISHED
x. _____ sunny rooms; range and water; rent f 10.
.■JJ.'. oouea sireet.
• -.fi'. JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS,
o\jO suites and single, and housekeeping rooms.
55C STEVENSON (UPSTAIRS) —2 NICE
"•J I sunny rooms for light housekeeping;
also single rooms.
lacuna Street.
• OH A laguna, nf:. corner of Moallis-
c/WV/ ter— Sunny housekeeping rooms, with or
- . 'without gas stove.
Larkin Street.
.^9Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
rXAuO tor ilpht housekeeping; terms moderate.
Leaieoirorth Street.
-99;? LEA VENWORTH — LARGE, UNFUR-
AmA-O nisbed, b y-window, sunny, alcove room;
. -.f 12: American family.
Lewis Street.
1 O LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR NR. POST— 3 FUR-
IO nished front rooms complete, f 16; stove.
Market Street.
LARGE FRONT RO_M; AISO SUNNY
housekeeping. 1065 Market, opp. Jones.
Blason Street.
4] O MASON— NICELY" FURNISHED SUNNY*
JJ»> rooms for housekeeping; also others:
reasonable.
__.iui. . - 1 :vo .
r\A ft MINNA— FURNISHED BUNNY ROOMS
OJiV for housekeeping: large yard.
1 Montgomery Street.
cJp7 MONTGOMERY, COR.: CLAY — OPEN
* J W- until j.:3 o'clock: branch ollice of Thb
• • t»^J*: subscription*, and want ads taken.
' Mission Street.
" ft^ft MISSION-PRO NT SUNNY ROOM, f 10:
{_.__»__/ a'to single and housekeeping.
Natom» Stree..
C X F. I* ATOM SUITKB OF HOUSEKEEP-
OOO ing rooms: rent fs and flO per month.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
1 - .k street.
/*•] 9 POLK- HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. UN-
" I 1 — furnished or fur.., shed; large sunny rooms;
gas; batu; yard. ....-■
]9l(i POLK-t UKNIsIIED ROOM: ALSO 1
Imm ! •' large unfurnished for housekeeping, 2
closets: gas; grate.
I ost street.
Ali) POS- (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY FUR-
II V> nisbed sunny rooms: en suiteand single.
Sansome street.
Cl ft SAN SO M - NICELY FURNISHED
OIU rooms, 93 and up: also housekeeping.
seveiilli street.
1 °.R SEVENTH— I LARG:-'. DOUBLE ROOM;
lOU lurnished for housekeeping; cheap.
Shotwell Street. ~ ~
90/Y SHOTWELL— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
mmO\J keeping rooms; sun; bath: grate: cheap.
Mini > reo..
mA SIXTII, COR. MINNA— 3 OR 4 FINE
lie) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NR MARKET-LARGE SUN-
-111 ny rooms for light housekeeping if desired.
Third Street.
-I AO THIRD ST SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J JiO rooms, complete; also doub.e rooms; bath,
gas.
Twenty-fourth Street.
QAOA TWENTY-FOURTH, R. VALENCIA
OrtXJrt — sunny front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping, f IL
Van _____ Avenue.
Ijftft VAN NESS AYE. —NICELY FUR-
-1 UU nished rooms, housekeeping privileges.
Oil VAN NESS— 2 NICELY FUR ISHED
Oil rooms: complete for housekeeping; $15;
other rooms.
.Vashintrton street.
/'O/Y WASHIN G T O --— HOUSEKEEPING
U«_,cl' rooms: newly papered: 94 per mon h.
KOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
3 EDDY, CORNER POWELL— SUNNY FUR-
nished rooms on Market; $2 50; suit 2 gents.
1 1 A EDDY— NICELY' FURNISHKD ROOMS;
1 I*l from and back parlor: reasonable rent.
('1 w EDDY— X CEO ANT PARLOR FLOOR;
Uli nnturnlshed; baih; hut and cold water;
good location.
......
Kill* Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — I NTANDKS.
cent lights In every room*, reading-room, con-
taining Cahy paj-ers: "smoking-room and ladles'
1 arlor; open all nlizl.t: rooms per night. 35c 10
fl 50: week, 92 to 98: montb. 98 to 30: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready ;hoi and cold water In each room; baths.
rrHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KaTF. S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet hou«e: centrally lo-
cated; newlyfurnished: elevator; hot it cold water.
SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSE USE OF
bath; rent 95. 721 Ellis st.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 RTH
sc, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
-1 -19 EIGHTH — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
i 1 ... front rooms witn or without use of kitchen;
private family.
llllii street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and 91 per ul;ht: 92 to 95 per week.
3 tri' FIFTH- CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
OmmO keeping; 1, 2, 3, -, $7 up; single, *5.
Franklin Street.
91 C FRANKLIN— 1A...E FRONT UNFUR-
iuXO nished Day-window room.
luliom Street.
OOA FOLSOM. NEAR FOURTH -FUR-
Cau. \J nisbed rooms; 91 a week.
1f)/*l FOLSOM, COR. SEVENTH— NEATLY
IUUA furnished rooms; private family.
. Fourth Street.
Off-? FOURTH— ELEGANT SUNNY FUR-
Ol U nlsbei rooms: single and double; fl 25a
week and up.
Oeary Street.
XI Q GEARY — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OAO rooms: board If desired; back parlor with
piano; suites aud single; bath.
<»X A GEARY, COR. POLK— SUNNY, NEWLY'
00\J furnished front rooms; lamily two; for
gentlemen.
Golden Gate Avenue.
P. 97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 NICELY FUR.
OmU I uished sunny rooms.
Ql 1 GOLDENGATE AYE.— FRONT ROOM:
OAI running water; gentlemen or man and
wife; fl4.
1 001) OLDEN GATE AYE., CR.LaGI.Na
AUU Cf st., park— Handsome, y furnished, large.
snnny, front room; bay-window; also large single
room.
1 90r\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 3 ROOMS;
tmUIJO front and bac_ parlors; kitchen; wash-
room; uasement.
Grove Street.
90 GROVE— SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS
•-O for gentlemen or man and wife; no cooking.
Hunt Street.
0"l HUNT. OFF THIRD— NEAT CLEAN FUR.
01 nisbed rooms; 5Uc week and up.
done- street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 910 to s3o.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
"VTEW A VEIN UE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
A . corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or month
Larkin streei.
A 1 9 LARKIN — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
JI — bath for resp ctabie peo. only.
Maiket Street.
i 7Q71 MARKET-LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
| •C. I a rooms in suites or single; rent reasonable.
1"I 097 MARKET, NEAR XTH — ELE-
-1 \>m- I cantlv furnished rooms; private family;
rate reasonable.
1 0 '- ■-. MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
ci« . _»sun_s or single, from f 1 50 to f 6 per wee*
YOSEMII HOUSE. 1045 MARKET—
A night, 935 to fl; week, 91 60 t0 95; families.
I Q9-n MARKET-FURNISHED AND UN-
ac^cf furnished rooms tor housekeeping.
Minna Street.
A(-l. MINNA -LARGE SUNNY FRONT
J t Am -4 room, also single room.
AOA MINNA, BET FIFTH AND «i X TH-
rtOX Mcely furnished front looms: 96a month
and un; hot and cold wa er baths.
ftft MINNA COR. EIGHTH-Ni-.WLY FUR-
_» _> i uished bay Window rooms: 91 a week.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 MISSION. SELECT
famlly rooming-house; fl 50 to f per week.
II _Ifi*_ MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH-COM-
J 1 iU fortable room: 93 and f 4 a month.
Ociavia Siree..
IJHQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-TWO CON-
-1 rt\fO necting bay-window rooms or kitchen If
desired; 18.
Olive Avenue.
119 OLIVE AYE., OKI* POLK AND ELLIS—
lim. Nice furnished sunny front room; rent
cheap.
ime siree-.
£91 PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
Urn. 1 also use of kitchen for man and wife. '
1 oat street.
1 ftl ft POST— 3 SUNNY COMPLETE FUR-
-IUIU nished housekeeping rooms; rent 915.
J owell Street.
V\" ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
" furnished rooms.
2i)e\ POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: LARGE OR
Aij^O small sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
■ « » 011.1 siree..
97 SECOND - WEBB HOUSE; ELEG \NT
_> I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop
lie SECOND— NICE SUNNY FRONT RMS.;
A 1 O fl 50 10 92 50 per week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1597.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Sixth Street.
OO SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; -11 conveniences; fireproof building. ;
et-teiiiti siice..
"I 49 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELK.
-1 Aim. gant furn. sultes,kitchen: also single rooms {
Silver. Street.
Oft SILVER — THREE LARGE SUNNY I
OU rooms upstairs, 8; three large rooms down-
stairs, ff.
- vi nil '- i««..
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
nIshed suites from fA to flO a week; single
rooms, Sl 0 to fa a week: hot and cold water in
•very room: baths: transient specialty: elev tor.
Tenth Street.
"I ftCl TENTH— RAY-WINDOW SUN-
-lU'** ny room: running water: with baih; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; (10 per month.
t ILirti siree..
m THTRD— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
room; suitable for gentlemen; 10 month.
Turk Street.
Ol ft TURK— BAY- WINDOW SUITE: NEW
«JIU furni ure; private iamlly ten suite or single.
TURK - PLEASANT SUNNY ROOM ;
0"10 rent «■".
MibcellHiicous.
SW. COR SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tub Call, subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING and kooms.
9 7 .wubsteb; near California—
* Sunny alcove room, with board; home
comforts.
i J 9'F.DDY— LOVELY FRONT SUNNY R-O.M
I I — for 2 with boa.d: $22 50 each.
1.l ill VAN NESS. in.:. BUsH— SUNVY
1 "1 ./ 1 parlor suite, privaie bath; single rms.; tel.
PLEASANT HOME WITH REFINED I'AM- \
A i.y, tor child. 1757 McAllister st.
7 ft, . VAN NESS A v - — i-T ES - CLASS j
I Cft* board and looms: lowest price.
I '.VM CALIFORNIA— MOD AT lON |
1 «J_l» or 3 young men, with good board; terms
moderate. i -:*.--*:
99-7 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
_— I en suite or single; iirsl-class tai_:e; exce.'-
1. ni service.
Xfl9 VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOME PAR-
Kjyjm- lor sunny suite; board optional.
A A SIXTH ST.— MANCHESTER; KLK
IT gaut furnished sunny rooms; line table board.
HOTEL RILING. 714 1? SH— A FAMILY
hotel: references: aT modern conveniences.
' ______!_)_-_-_. BOAIIOEU.
PARTIES DESIRE CHILD TO BOARD;
* large sunny yard; refined home. Address
L. 11., oox 76, Call.
MOTHER'S CARE: LIGHT SUNNY BOOMS; \
Wholesome food: ages 1 month up; low rates.
EL A., box 6u. Call Oflice.
OEFI-.FD LADY WOULD LIKK ONE OR
It two chi. dren to board: terms reasonable. Ad-
dteiaO., bax 10. Call office. Oakland.
STOKES TO LET.
Aft SEVENTH. BET. MISSION AND MAI-
"U ket— Fruitsiore, jus. vucated, with room,
yard aud slab fru t and ye etable stand 16 year .
SO CLEMEN TIN A-STORE AND 9 ROOMS:
C O cheap rent. Key 23.
"[ ARGE BASEMENT WITH BAKK-OVKN;
tv suitable tor pie baker; rent f -6. 911 Larki*.
STORE 3 ROOMS: L GHT CELLAR
—O. 1 128 Howard _>t.. near Seventh.
0% HAVES— PART OF FINE STORE FOR
Om. rent; suitable for millinery. •
Alft FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
"lit) in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMLSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: EHTAB-
I ished 16 years; If 18 per month; key at 639
Second st.
*. aipenter-ihop; 97 per month. 6le Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ond st.
1' .umbing-shop; 96 per month. S Deßoomst.;
key at -.9 Second «[.
Corner store, 631 second St.; 914 j.er month;
key at 639 Second st.
AT LOW RENT— PART U*-' bToRE a\SL>
-_L basement. 321 Post •__-
OFFICES TO LET.
I KAO MARKET- NEW, L R.E, bUNNY
I o\J<.~ front ofti e-rooms: all modern.
MUSICAL INSTKU3IENTS.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY' «fc CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos
tTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
pianos: see our 1 st for this week*, pianos on
93, 94. 95, ft, .7. 98. 99, 910, $16. 920 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kepi tuned by
expert concert tuners. The K. W. SPENCER Cu.
Salesrooms, 933 Market St., opp Mason.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new plana SHER-
MAN, CLAY it CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
boose west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell sU: pianos, os
gans and all other musical Instruments, of ail
grades and pncei: terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible cone 10 please tnd satisfy the'
customer.
T\rilY PAY REN l' FOR A PIANO WHEN
»' the same mon-hly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY. A CO.'S.
ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe. Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from f 100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A.L Bancroft & Co., 324 1 ost.
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from steinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.'S.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUsT SELL,
pianos at immense redaction for cash or on
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
O * ANO - SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S
X on very easy payments.
GOOD UPRIGHTS «126, 9160 AND 9175:
square 965: call soon. MaUVaIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 69 Market su
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT;
che p. BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next to
Hibernia Bank.
} ELEGANT 9500 UPRIGHT SACRIFICED;
A must be sold at once. 833 Castro st.
Ir»LEOANT WERER AND STEINWAY; OR-
- dered sold at once. 809 Market st., room 12.
T/TNE UPRIGHT PIANO; CASH ORINSTALL-
-1 11. ems- Address Bargain, box 99, this office.
QUI 1 A GOOD 7-OcTAVE UPrtIGHT; FINE
tju\f. condition; fsinsiallnits.22lLeavenworth.
ORNUNG'S .NO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant i.nd powerful tone. 216 Post at.
\lf G. BADGER SOi.E A' ENT FOR ALLET
» ' .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41) sacta
___ lOH A walnut UPRIGHT. stool,
tJJIUU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-bouse. 228 Posu
A SHAW, STEINWAY 9250, CHICKERING
flBs;great bargains. 4 mo. HEINE. I 36 Ellis.
YRON MALZY. 808 P-.sT ST.— sOHMER,
Newbv A Evan . Briggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD A NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer 2 1 a ham place.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
ASSESSMENT notice— jasper consoli-
_ v dated Mining Company: location of princi-
pal place of I. us nes*. San Francisco, California.
N'.'ti* <: Is heieby given tbat at a meeting of me
directors, held on the 6:b day o' February, 1897,
an assessment of two c nts per share wa. levied
upon the capilal stock of me con oration, payable
lmmeiiately 10 the treasurer of said corporation
at ihe office of the company, at No. 811 Brannan
street, can Francisco, California Any stock un m
which this assessment s all remain unpaid on the
12th day of March, 1897, will be de.inquent. and
advertised tor sale at public auction, and, unless
payment Is m de before, wll be sold on the 2d
day of April, 1897, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, togetner with costs of a iver ising and ex-
penses 01 sale. S. H. RoBINSON, Secretary,
811 Brannan Street, San I- .-anci sco. Aal.
PROPOSALS.
"VTOTICE — NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN
I*, that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. Ist., at ihe Ci urihouse in Ynba City, Hot-
ter County, ■ aL. receive sealed p oposaN for the
surrender of bo ds issued on Levee District Na I
of sutler county, according to an act of the Leg-
Is ature. approved April 9, I*Bo, to tbe amount of
eigh. thousand five hundred (98500) dollars. No
bids above p»r will be accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids L. J. COPE,
Tre .surer of Sutter County, Cal.
Yuba City, February 1, '897.
- BICYCLES. i "
Sl- COND-HAND-2 TANDEM-, fSO^AND^OO.
2 roadsters, 925 and (30. gooda new. Go.den
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 26 Geary sk
LOST.
"I OST— LADYS GOLD-HEADED UMBRELLA
J- at Baldwin Thea.er, Tuesday night, February
2. Return 1804 Ellis s-.; reward; no questions
asked. ...
1 OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
J- savings and Lo. n society of san Francl&co, in
the name of DAVID ANGLIN No 201.959.
i he finder will please re urn 10 the bank.
LOST— FAWN AND WHITE HOUND WITH
name of O. Roihmaler on collar. Return to
8720 Twenty-first st.
LOST— LITTLE CANVAS BAG CONTAIN-
ing valuable jewelry. A lii.eral reward will
be given fur lis return to 310 Pine s-, room 39.
TR SH SETTER BITCH: $5 REWARD AT 901
A Haight si. and 125 Montgomery.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHK ALL. 167 NINTH
su. want ad and subscriptions taken.
STORAGE.
REDUC D RATES. FURNITU'tE. PIANOS.
household goo's, c J M t'AEBCK. 735 Mku
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the autho itv of a certain
need of trust, duly executed b.- EDGAR L. DOW,
p«rty of he tlrit part, to HENRY C. C.vMP-
i ELI. and THaDDEUs B. KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the scco.'d part a d the Sa n FRANC SCO
SAY! Mis U ION", rartv of the third part, dated
June 21st, 1892, and recorded 1 i the office of ihe
County order of the county of Alameda state
ot California, in liber 445 f deeds, at pages 4i.9
and following, and in pursuance of a reso ution
rassed on the IMb day of October. Ifc96. by the
boa 6 of Directors of said saN FRaNCIsc
SAVINGS UNION, a corp rillon, and the holder
oftbe note (No. 11 7 6), a cure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust wis execut'd,
declaring that default had been made in the i ay-
meut of .he principal sum and other sums due
v ider said note and de d of trust, an I requi sting
an. dlreclln said HENRY C. ' AM PRE and
tiiaDDi-I's B. KENT, trustees. 10 sell the real
estate desciibid therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
* t*. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
li. KENT, trustees, do hereby give noiir.. baton
FRIDAY, thi- '-Bth day, of Feir.iary, a. d. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, a.ul at the avc ion
salesroom of Win. J. Diugee. Nos 460 and 462
i lghth stree , in the cits of Oakiaud. coun.y of
Alain, da. suite of * allforuia, we Will sell at pu blic
auct on. to the highes. b dder, for cash in sold coin
of tne United -Mates, rue pitce or parcel of land
situa c In tbe township of Brook yn. county of
Alameda State cf Call on. m, described as fol-
lows, .0 wit :
Commencing a' a point on the westerly line of
Orange avenue, distant hereon two hundred and
fifty (250) feet sun her.y irom the souiberL-' line
of East Tweli.y-8 venth street, and lunuing
Heme s<n riy a ony said 11 eof Oran aye iue
one Hundred (100) feet: ti.euc* at righ* angles
westerly one hundred and bfty (150) feet to the
exsteriv .me of Sunnyside ave:iue; thence at
i-i.h an les nor. berl along the last-named line
oue nun.li' d (100) fee . and tbence at righ an. les
ei-ster.y one -hundred and fifty ( 50) feet to the
pom: of commencement : 
It Inn lots numbers twenty-flare (251 and twent"-
slx (26) in b.ock numb* rone (1), at laid down . ni
delineated on the map enl lied ■..■an No. 2of lie
Blasde' Tract, last ia_'uni He-glut, resubdi-
VldedJUOe, 1830, W. F. Baardmau. C. E..'' tiled
June 9. 1890. in me office of the C. tint,- Recorder
of s.iiu counly of Alameda.
'i og-.'t.er with the appur.en inees
Terms o: s-ile— Cash In god c»in of the United
state*,: ten per cent poyabe to the nnderslaned on
the fal of the limine r balau c ou very of
deed; an.l if not so paid, unies« for want of il le
(ten days being allowed far se.cch), then said ten
percent to be f rie ted nd be sale to be void.
Acts or sale at cii >ser's expens-.
li. NRY C. CAMPBELL,! __..,,,,„..
'ill add- DUB K. NT. j l r »stees.
rpRUI-TKEt.' -SALE —IN A. I'JKUA.V ii
1 with the l*rm< and under the authority of a
cer; am deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COOK (feiume sole), party of .be firs' pirt, 10
HKNRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUs R
KKN'T, trustees, parties of the second pare and
the SAN FRANCISCO HAVINt UNION,
parly of the third par, d* ed July ISth.
Wii, and recorded In tho office of the
County Recorder of the county cf Alameia,
State of California, iv liber 445 of deeds, at pages
461 and foi owing: and iv pursuance 01 a reso u-
tion passed 0.1 the 28th day of January, 1t;97, by
the Hoard ot Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SaVJ us UNION, a corporation, and the bolder
ofthe note (No. 11.771), to secure payment of
which the afoieiaid deed of trusl was executed,
dnda_r_ng thai . efaut hai been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and direct nt said Hi-.NRY 1 . CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B KENT, trustees, to s 11 tbe real
esta c pescribel therein to sat sfy said indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY c. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRiDAY, tne 26t1. day cf Febr ary. A. D. 1897, at
12 o'clock noon of tbat «.■*•, and at the tuition
saiesr. omof win. J Dinger. Nos- 460 and 462
Eighth street. In the city of Oakland. c< univ of
Alain. Sure of Cain, rnia, we will sell a', pub-
lic auction, to the high s bidder, for cash in god
cvi.i of the Un. lea states, ibe pUces or parce sof
land, situate in lhe town of Rerke.ey, county if
Alameda, State of Cal.fomia, described as follows,
to wl.: '
lots numter* eight (8) and eleven (11) as laid
down and deuneaiei onthe map entiiiei "Map of
Pera.ta Park, Berkeley, Alameda loun y, Cal.,"
fl;. d March 24tb, IHBS. in the office of Hie County
Recorder of said county of A amed >, and now of
record in liber 11 of maps at page 49, a..d to
wnich map and the record, tberecf special refer-
ence is be out- n.ade for further c r more particular
description, to .ether with the appurtenances.
Terms «>f sa c— Cash in gold coiu of the United
Mates: ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if no so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days I eing al.owed for search), then said ten
per cent to oe forfeited and the aate 10 be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. . IW ._..
THADDEUS li. KENT, ; lra 8" es -
TRUST SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
tbe terms and under ihe authority of a certain
deed of irust, duly executed by ANTONIO.
SILVA. party of the first part, to HENRY
C. -AMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated January
2. 1891, and recorded in the office of the
Couuty Recorder of the* county of Tulare,
State of California, .ln liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pages 394 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 9ib day of January,
1897, by the boar I of directors of the BANK OF
VISaLIa, a corporation, and tbe bolder by assign-
ment of the note (No. 10,575). to secure
paym nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring th .t a. fault had be-n made ln
tbe payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HKNRY C. OAMPBuLL
and THaD_jKU> B. KENT, trustees, to sell tbe
real esiate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B.KEN I, trustees, do hereby give notice ihat on
TUESDAY", the 9th day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldridge A Co., 638 Market
street. In the City and County of sau Francisco,
Siate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, tbe pieces or parcels of land situate
in tbe county ot ki. gs, formerly part of the
county of Tuiare, state of California, described as
follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United stales:
In township eighteen (18) south range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
of section thirteen (13), he southwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (sW. i 4 of SW. 14) and
the west balf of .be west balf of the southeast
quanerot the * southwest quarter (W. __ of W.
% of SE. 1,4 of sW. 14).
Of section twenty-lour (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the northwest quarter (NW. 14 of N W. % ),
and the west half of the west half of ihe northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter (W. i/m of W. V,
of NE. Vi of N W. Vi).
Containing in all one hundred (100) acres of
land, more Or leas, together wiiu ibe appur-
tenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United stales: ten per cent payable to tbe under-
signed on tbe fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so naid, unless for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed tor search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, l T „,. M
.-.-; '■: ;. : THADDEUS B. KENT, / """tees.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE \VIT.i
ihe terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by James a
WAYMIRE, patty of the brst part, to HENRY Q.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and THE SAN
I- RAN CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated March 29th, 181*2, a.d recorded in
the office o the County Recorder or the coun y of
Kern, .-state of California, in liber 41 of deed .
at pages 124 aud following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pissed on the 21st day of Jannary'.
1897, ny the board of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and tbe holder of the note (No. 552), 10 secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
exeruted, declaring that default had been mane in
the payment of the principal sum and otber sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec Ing said HENRY C.CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein, to satisfy
said Indebtedness.
We, HENRY c. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAY. the 23d day of Febuary. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room if a-ton. Eldrl Ige A Co., No. 6.8 Market
street, in the l liv a, d County ol ' San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate lv the county of Kern, State of California, de-
scribed a* follows, to wit: ■".
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In . township . twenty-six (26) - soutb, range
twenty-six (26) east, Mount Diablo base and
me idlau;
Of section thirteen (13), the whole and
Of se. tion tweniy-three (23), the whole;
In < township - twenty-s x (26) south, range
twenty-seven (27) east, Mount Dlab.o base and
meridian:
of se lion nineteen (19). the whole: and
Of section thirty-one (31), the whole, together
with the appurtenan. es. -
TERMS OF. SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbe fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
•aid ten per rent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C, CAMPBELL, > Trn „ '
■-.-. i 03 R. KENT, i 1 xu -^ m *-
CITT REAL ESTATE.
TJTKSTERN ADDITION FLATS,
*»» NEAR ELLIS AND LAGUNA STS
*_** I Q HAD .THREE FINE > LATS OF 7. 9
0 1 O.UUl'.and 10 rooms and bath, In A 1 con-
di ion rents 4100 per month nee Lot 25-vl2o ft
to rear Ftree . - Bum streets accepted. Mortgage
of $6500 can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO,
638 Market st.
IT'LE ANT HOME.
U FINE LOCATION.
C]j '.Of. NEAR PINE A.ND GOUGH ST*.
«Ip OUU. Very good house ofli rooms and
bath; sunny side of street; stieet work all done,
large lot 3 JX1 37:6 ft-
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st
ELEGANT FLATS,
MUST BR SOLD.
_.?.()(.(_ TWO GOOD FLATS, oNLY TWO
•F i-)' ' -J' ". blocks nor h of Mi.rket St.; rent
very low for $4.v per m nib street work all done.
- E ASTON, i.LDRID 0. & CO..
638 M r-et St.
MALL INVESTMENT.
INSIDE PROPKRTY.
19."M. NEAR GEARY AND TAYLOR
•J) dr.-. CM/, sts.; tour tenements of 14 rooms;
pa B*l4Bo per annum
KA-TON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
CHEAP MISSION FLATS
NEAR VALENCIA AND 1 STH STS.
<__Jfinn TWO GO D I DATS OF 4 AND 5
© . yJy'^J. rooms and bath; rents per month,
lot 27:6x70 feeL
EASTON. ELDRID.E * CO.,
638 Market st.
A BARGAIN.
JA. REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE.
S *■-"■" HO - " -* K MASON AND FILB Rl'
O ' IW". sts; 2 fla a or 4 and 6 ro .m*; rents
$2 7 per month; street work done.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO.,
638 Mari-e st.
FORCED SALK.
A FORCED SALK.
N FAR. AND SHIPLEY STS.
QIC ft PA 73 $-.16 PER ANNUM: TWO
CT i O U. flats of 4 and 5 rooms: lot 25_575 feet;
mortgage of $1400: font fail om-. Ids
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
! 633 ... ar-.et aC
1 ops AT low prices
Xj READY for building.
THE TIME TO BUY.
©9-rin SCOTT, NEAR UNION; 27:6 x
-_9*l__fi FULTON, NEAR BAKER; 25x
x£AZ.rt\JyJ. 13 ':d; street accepied.
&« I jn NEAR ALVARADO AND NOE,
C-T '"• 101:10x114: cheap.
__';nf_A GREER, NEAR TIERCE; 25x100;
•IP ..UUU. must sell
COAAA CLAYTON, NEAR PAGE; 25x
*& 1 800 DOUGLASS, "SEAR 23D; 50x100.
• 1 71.1. 19TH ST., NEAR CHURCH; 50x
O-l ' c)U. 104; make offer.
CM sfiftl) con - CHIN AAVE., NR LONDON;
a I 1(\(. CORNER ON SOTH AND LAID-
<J. l_iU.U. ley; 85:6x125.
QCflfl NEAR DUNCAN ASH DOUGLASS;
OOUU. 50:11x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO.,
633 Market st.
rTIHREE NEW MODERN FLATS.
BIG BARGAIN.
PKICE $5760.
RENT $636 PER YEAR .
Flats ronia n 5.5 and -six rooms and bath each,
wltn every known modern convenience contained
in a new building; streei bilumiuizt'd: cement
sidewalk: high separate basement for each dai;
mt UzlOfti only one block north of Mattel
lla;s open for inspection to-day; 175 .-.oe st., bee
14tu and 15tu. ' .
KING A McNALLY, Real Esta-e Agents,
• 6.-0 Market st.
T-ROOM COTTAGE: LOT 32x100: MISSION
T warm belt; $401) cash, balance small monthly
installments. 1620 Harrison St.
SEE NEW 7 ROOM HOUSE, 35 JOOST AYE.,
Mi side Tract; easy terms.
UOK SALE ON EASY TERMS-MODERN
-F bouses on Masonic aye. and Waller sl.: housei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, bllllard-room
and 9 large bedrooms, batb. kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room:
see tbem to-day. Take Batght or Ellis street car,
tei off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
Al INVESTMENT— NEW FeATS JUST BE-
Ing completed on Fullon at., near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
MODERN HOUSES BY COMPETENT BUILD-
•i'I ers; will take part payment in unimproved
property. 0. , 4*V% eb terse ■•■•■"._
Q. 1 I Hil HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; $1500,
tJT 1 IUU. house of 8 rooms: (1500, cottage of a
rooms, within 15 minutes' walk of ferries: most
liberal ternis. F. A. BERLIN, room 416, Safe De-
posit building:
Qzinnn for sale or exchange.
iprt\J\JyJ . New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and batn: bigh basement; i-r.o*
loundation; bay windows; lot 52x160.
C. H. UMBSEN A CO..
- 14 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without remo.al: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
Ql '.nn 000 AT 61 / a per cent on city
«_pOUU.UUU real estate; also Oakland -.estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. (Man-
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
ANY AMOUNT: IST. £D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate ln pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery su, room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, is the secret of .ur success,
t u:-rate Loan Oflice, Flood building, .-.09 Markeu
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest Km. 68, Douobua bidg, 1170 Markets:.
f'JOX ...... aT BANK RATE-.: IST AND
tj. OmAU.yj UU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta:
lend a* low as $50. IL MURPHY, 628 Market sc
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. . Gold, box 4, CalL
ON FURNITURE: VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
00,000 ON* CITY AND COUNTRY PRoP-
■ypUertyMowrates. A. SCHi LLER, 420Cala.su
I OANc. ON ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
I 'of luteresU JAS.RB 1 OOKS, 214 Pine, r sB-59.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
securityiiow interest. H.D., box 1 GO, Call oihce.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
Q.r\ft TO $50,000; Low baT RATA: l__n.__k.lD
-UPOU mortgage; flat or InstlmnU Dryden, 535 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW EcRY.F.TU
Columbia Loan A * ollaieral OSice, 9 "rant aye.
V DENTISTS.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
yi'Ll, SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
-T years; painless ex raction: see our new com' {na-
tion plate; thinnest, ligntest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 >-■ ars- filling*. 50c; crowns, $3 0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
■LMRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP: PAY-
J able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th an.l Mission..
1 .POSITIVELY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION.
. DR. HARDING. 500 Sutter: tel. main 5375.
LP ANT A CHALFANT. MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
C.OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 __lA__-
> ket st. DR CHARLEs W. DECKER . .
Orn A SET for TEETH- warranted as
.Jr i good as can be made: filling $1 DR M Ms,
dentist, 930 Market sc. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c: CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 yean
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
R LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST, NR
Eleventh; no - charge for extracting when
plates are made: .old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
SET OK TKE TH WITHOUT A r_Al_ DX.
H. G. Young, 1841 Polk su
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR
.' ket. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnlets
extracting, with gas. $1; plates. $5 np: fill. $1 up.
DIU GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O" Farreil _ :.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ALL WORK J. KEY. 112 J AND WAR- .
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 112J Market au
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THB
JA. WEEKLY CALL. In wraoner. for mailing.
PHYSICIANS. -».
T|R C. C. O'DONNELL. 1206 MARKET, RES.
XJ 2864 25th su ; diseases of women a specialty.
COUNTRY REAL EST ATE.
11l A' RES NO. 1 LAND, LOCATED ABOUT
' X J b miles fr m Santa Rosa, Sonoma • ou ty;
40 acres bearing vineyard; '20 acres In train; house
6 rooms: barn and outbuildings*, balance fine
grain and fruit land; price $8500; terms easy.
1 ft A. RES VERY CHOICE LAND IN SANTA
X\J tiara County: full bearing prunes and apri-
cots: good hou, and outbuilding, well, etc.; for
San 1 ranoisco property; all clear and pay casb
difference.
5 VERY CHOICE LOTS IN SAUSALITO FOR
sale on easy term., and a great bargain.
•iCfl ACKES NO. 1 LAND NEAR PORTER-
_^i -' ville. Tulare County; sale or exchange;
finrst orange i-nd lemon land in the .tale.
I FNE LOT«, 50X125 EACH, WELL LO-
X — cute d in San Jose, offered In exchange for
Oakland or Aiameda bnuse and lot.
I ''OR RENT— IOOO AC KM IN NIL.- CAN-
yon, about 3 miles from Niles station; choice
stock ranch: $250 cash In advance.
A.so 2400 acres grain and s ock land near Sn nol;
$1 per acre; all fenced; good buildiug*.; abun-
dance of water.
SIIAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218-220 Montg ruery at.. Mills Building.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land-, for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, san Francisco, cal.
I CXX WEIL IMPROVED FARM NEAR
'" San Jose, -p___!oo. See A. M. SPECK & CO.,
602 Marker.
BARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter veiretab'es. $25 per acre;
83 acre-, rich soil, i. flowing springs, $35 per acre,
near Pleasanton, Alameda County, tali or write,
09 Columbian building.
RANCH BAKGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water: excellent stock
rancn; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;
I AM AU HORIZKD TO SELL THE FOL-
lowing property owned by the banks, taken
under foreclosure:
1. Modern 8-room bouse; No. 1 condition; 3
blocks t. local station; neighborhood first c ass:
lot 44x100; property cost t..e late owner $4500;
can now be bought for $2800; terms $500 to »800
cash.
2. Firs -class 6-room modern house; large lot;
3 blocks lo local st lion: 1 block to cars, stores,
ohur hes and schools street work complete; soon
will be business property; lot worth $1800: price
$2500; $500 cash.
.1. Cottage, 5 rooms; bath; newly papered and
painted: 1 block to loca station and electric-cars:
price $1500; $200 to $400 cash.
4. 11 fu class re.-idence property on Harrison
St.; corner 10, 78x150; in dir i house, 10 rooms;
furnace; best residence portion of the city: this
property was told *.. years ago for $_:0,000; can be
bought o-day f. r th- mortgage— slo,ooo.
W e have a number > f other pr penies improved
and unimproved for sate under forced circum-
stances. We will gladly turaish a full list on ap-
plication.
-•■...-.. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and 10. for #950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7. , $ > cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth si., Oakland. U. Z. JONES, Owner.
Aslloo-5-ROOM COTTAGE AND COT SOx
1--0. situate on Campbell s.: easy terms; or
wou d trade for Loi Angeles property. WM. J.
DINGEE, 460 Elgbih si., Oakland.
•BjvntW. .splendid cottage, 5 large
♦£._--»_»_'. rooms; lot 40x128: s.reet complete;
lawn in front: fine barn and gravel driv way.
HUGH M. i 'AMI-IRON, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
©7STO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
<p •<-! lots in the town of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
puny; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
tiv minutes: lerm* io bull buyers. Apply to
C. M. i.UNKLn., owner, bls*V_i Waaulngtou su,
Oakland, Cab . , _* y;.:
OAKLAND KOOMS .TO LET.
TCTEAILY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
Al room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with owu home. Address G., box 10, Call Office,
Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISE MRU _$
__I.A_.n-DA. REAL r.TATE.
SMALL CASH PAYMENT DOW N; BALANCE
same as rem: entirely new.
$2500— Pretty coitage; 5 rooms and * batb; near
narrow-gauge station.
$2800— Handsome colonial cottage; 6 rooms;
large lot; near Giand-street station
$2500— Beautiful cottage; colonial style; 6
rooms; conveniently located near Bay-street, sta-
tion.
$3500— Nearly new; 2-story bonse: 8 rooms;
bei.utlfuily located: must be soil: terms as above:
lot 40x138. MARCUSE A KEMMEL. Bay-street
station, broad gauge, Alameda: 628 Market st.,
San Francisco; office open Sundays and holidays.
4 LOTS: 50x190- EACH: NORTH SIDE OF
san Jose aye.. bet. Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an offer wanted. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park si., A ameda.
. ARGAINS-S3O ■ R FOOT; TS ON NORTH
I - side San Antonio aye., near Orand st.
81250—50x150; -an Jos. aye., nr. Willow st.
$1760—50x150. new modern bouse. 5 rooms
and bath; nortli side of street: must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
■VTEW J 6-RuOM COTTAGE; MANTEL, BATH.
AM pantry, lanndry, hot and cold water, stable,
chxken-bouse; fenced; sewered: 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1500. W. C. MORAN,
Lorln. or F. BO i- GLE. Golden Gate. :•• «
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
C/V HOUSES AND LOTS. FKOM ; * 200 TO
OV) $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
SEND FOR OCR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME.
forsala WOOSTER -__ WHITTON. San .lose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_»
*i WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A N TED^FOR^"c ATli7T?n'oM_r_i_-OP___£
ties: must ho chean. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st. 'J'A'-j:
T\r HAT HAVE YOU to exchange for*
M < quity In fine Oakland house ? Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or gooa mining stocks. C.MONROE,
24 Market St.. >an Fram Isco. • - ■-..* •'.-•■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Thn followin.; marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
C. A. Buswell and Eupbemla >leator, 33—23.
A. N. Jacicson and Annie Harris. 25—19.
Tolola Susavilla and .Mar- M. Morgan, 27—19.
Hans P. uodt and Annie Er.kson, 29—35.
G. W. Koss and Sophia W. Sande in. 25—26.
D. J. Williams and Annie Dl.eau. 32 -32.
D. Bell mont and Mary he line J 5—25.
Chart's -empie and Lucy A. Johnson. 30—19.
K. Lavoraanl Carmele RuglTa. o—l7.
A li& — Hi AKIIiAUES — A/fcA Tii^r
rßirth. marriage and death notices son*- by mall
will not b** Inserted. They mast be handed In a:
eltber of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name and residence uf parsons authorize J |
to have the name published. 1
BORN.
FRANCE— In Oakland. February 8. 1897. to the
wife of Henry W . France, a daughter.
GRANT— In this city.io tbe wife of Robert Grant,
a son. •:-■
MARRIED. ~~~
DAVIS— KNUT lE— ln this city, February 1.
18J7. b • the Rev. J. Fuendelin?, Edgai J. Davis
an I Frida Knutte.
EPPL Br- SULLIVAN- In this city. February 4,
1897, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Arthur O. •
Epp er and Mrs. Annie Sullivan
KELLY— GALLAGHER — In this city, February
8 ,1897. by the Rev. Father Flood, James H.
Kelly and Nellie R. Gallagher, bom of San Fran-
cisco. •':■?*..■•'■ "
KOKN'ITZER-WEISER-In this city, February
7, 18*7. by. the* Key. J. Fuendellng, Otto M.
Ko* nit rand Magdalena R Weiser.
DIED.
Arvldson (infant) McGrath, Alice
BoskoAliz. Helle NlcKelsbur., Adolph
yon Rnnck-n, L. C. Nunan, Rachel V.
Ca laban, Hugh O'Brien, Julli
Cohn, Thomas Robins Annie E.
Dunn, Lute r-cumoll Charles
tl.lott. Thomas Sr. Bherow, George K.
Fo.ar y. Thomas Sloan, Ellen
Goldstone, D vis Stein. George H.
Hinckley Frederick W. Tnompsen. John J.
Hume. George F. C. • Tlscuer. Marie •
Hyde. Mary S. Villaienor. Tomasa A.
Mciiowan James We.eh. James
McGranaghau. _'. J. Wilson Augusta
Wuiffing, consta nine
ARVIDSON— In this city. February 8, 1897, In-
fan. son of August and Tesla Arvid-ion.
BOSKOWITZ-In this city, February 7, 1897,
J_''_____-__"?'__**E_i__^^
Belle, lnfant|daughter of C J. and Blanchl Bos-
kowltz, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
10 months and 10 days.
Eriendi are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock a if., from the family residence, 20 4
Devisadeo stree. inter. nent Home of Peace
Cemetery, by .1:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
vox BUNCKEN— In this city, February 8. 1897,
L C. you Buicken, a native of Copenhagen,
Denmark, aged 63 years.
£_■" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. vl vued to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Wednesday). at, 2 o'clock p if., from bis late
residence, 730 Post street, iuterineni L o. O. F.
Cem<tery. ,
CALLAHAN— in this city, February 8, 1897,
Hugh Callahan, a native of St. John, New
Pr inswlck. aired 49 years.
JK9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full invie I loa.iend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the
Unit d Presbyterian Church, Folk street and
Golde.i Gate avenue. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
COHN— in this city, Fe .ruarv 8,1897, Thomas,
beloved husoand of Mary Conn, and father of
Philip Cohn, a native of Forden, Prussia, aged
65 years.
DUNN— in this city, February 7, 1897 Luke, hus-
band of Mary unn, and brother of Mrs. J.
Grube. John Dunn and Mrs. F. Tavolara a na-
tive of the city vf Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 38
years.
as_T Friends of the family are invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 1:30
o'clock c. m . from the residence of his sister,
Mrs. J. Grub-, 13 Moss stresl, thence to Su
Pa- rick's Cburch for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In San Rafael. Cal.. February 7, 1897.
Thoma*: Elliott sr., a native of England, aged
71 years.
FOG ARTY- In this city, February 8, 1897,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mary
Foiarty, and lather of Martin, Mary. Annie and
Maggie Fogarty.a native of County Galway, Ire-
laud, aged 47 years.
GOLDSTONE-In this city. February 8, 1897,
Davis, beloved father of Til lie Goldstoae, and
brother of Jacob, Michael, Hyman and Kauf-
man Goldstone and Mrs. J. Levy, a native of
Pol md. a^e J 60 years.
HINCK. EY— in Portland. Or., February 6, 1897,
Frederick W., beloved busband ot Florence B.
Hiuctc ley, and son of D. a. Hinckley, a native of
California aged 26 years 4 months ant 25 days.
._____TFunertl services and Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
HUME— In Los Gatos, February 8. 1897, George
F. C, beloved busband of Una H. Hume, and
son of George W. and Annie E. Hume, a native
of Washington, aged 25 years 5 months and 8
days. • • ■-..-<•..
AST Notice of funeral hereafter.
HYDE— In Berkeley, February 7, 1897. Mary
Sheldon Hyde. a native of Ohio, aged 76 years *
months and 3 days.
McDERMOTT— In this city. February 8, 1897, at
her residence. 724 Fell street, Margaret, relict
of the late Thomas McDermott. and beloved
mother of Mrs. Mary Morrlssey and Annie F.
McDermott, a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
iSST Notice of funeral hereafter. Kindly omit
flowers. . .
McUOWAN— In this citr. February 7, 1897.
James Mcgo wan, a native of Scotland, aged 64
years.
McGRANAGHAN— In this city, February 8,1897,
£ 'rands Joseph, beloved son of Joiepb and Mary
McGranaghau. a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 10 days.
$__TTbe funeral will take place THIS OAT
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. if., from the
residence of the parents, 489 Sanchez street.
Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city, February 8, 1897, Alice,
beioved wife of John J. McGraih. and mother of
Mary Ann, John P., Edward M. and Joseph
McGratn, a native of the parish of Rohan,
Connty Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 44 years and 6
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from her
late residence, 405 Fourth street, thence to SU
Rose's Church, Bran sireet, for services at 2
o'clock p. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
NUNAN— this city. February 7. 1897, Rachel
Veronica, beloved wife of Frank Nun.*.n, a na-
live of San Francisco, a,ei lb years 6 months
and 7 days.
oS" friends and aconaintances are respect-
fu ly invited to attend 'the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 715 Capp street, thence to St.
Peter's Cuurcn, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. k. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NICKELSBURG-fnJthis city. February 8. 1897,
Adolph NTc^elsburg. brother of Mrs. M. Heller.
Mrs. L. Harris S.egired Morltz and Louis Nick-
elsburj, a n alive of Germany, aged 48 years.
Friends are r*nectful!v Invite! ■> attenl
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clock a. M. at the residence o Mrs. M.
Heller, 18U1 Calilornia street. Interment pri-
vate. No flowers.
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 7,1897, Julia
O'Brien. -.
RO. INSON— In this city, February 8,1897, Annie
Elizabeth, youngest child of Richard and Agnes
Robinson, a native of san Francisco, aged 1 j ear
6 month* and 15 days.
__TThe funeral will take mace THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from the residence
of the parents, 405 lini street. In.erment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHMOLL-In this city, February 7. 1897,Char1e3
sohmoll, a native of New York, aged 32 years 9
months and 4 days.
SHEROW— In Lorln, Alameda Connty, February
8, 1897, George Kenneth, dearly beloved son of
George W. and Benesse C. snerow, and grand-
son of Mrs. J R Williams and Mrs. E. M.
Shero w, a native of Lor.n, aged 1 year 7 months
and 11 da.
JiyFriends and acnuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-rat TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of .he parents, corner Adeline and Sauley
streets, Lorin. lnteruieu. private.
SLOAN— In this city. February 6, 1897, Ellen
Sloan, a native ot Ireland.
STEIN— West Berkeley, February 8, 1897.
George IT, beloved husband of Marie Stein, and
father of Albert and George Stein, Mrs. Freder-
ick Borcbard and Mrs. William. Galie. a native
of Herford, Germany, aged 57 years 7 months
and 9 days. *.-, - ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral TO-MOKtwOW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from bis late
residence, 954 University avenue. West Berke-
ley. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
THOMPSEN— In tbe City and County Hospital.
February 7, 1897, John J. Thompsen, aged 39
yearj. '
TlSCHER— February 7. 1897. of measles, Marie,
daughter of i ail and Fanny Tischer, aged i
years and 4 months.
jMTFuneral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock p. it., from 411 Larkin street.
VILLASENOR— In this city, February 7, 1897,
Tomasa A. Viliasenor, beloved mother of Mrs.
A. Buckley, Mrs. Svlvestra Irwin and Maxle
Viliasenor, and grandmother of Mamie Rosales,
a native of Mexico, aiced 78 years.
£s~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu*.y invited to attend toe funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m., from ncr lite
residence. 740 Broadway, thence to tbe Churcb
of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, Broadway,
near Mason street, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. if. sharp.
WELCH— In this city, February 8, 1897. James,
beloved busband of Maria Welch, and father of
James, Mar. , John, Joseph, Margaret. David,
Charles and the late Catherine Welch, a native
of Ra' cormack. County Cork, Ireland, aged 76
years 1 month and 15 days.
83" i* riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend ie funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his lata
residem c 1212 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated forthe repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:0 o'clocic a. it. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WILSON— In Alameda. February 6. 1897. Au-
gusta V.lnee iscbild), beloved wife or Wil-
liam H. vv ilsou. a native of San Francisco.
J99~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inv.tej to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from st. Joseph's
i hurch, Alameda. Interment st. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
WULFFING— In this city, February 7, 1897.
Const in lne, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Wuiffing, a native of Cologne, Germany, aged <oi
years. ■■*•:
jSSirThe funeral will lake place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at S:3Q o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, d 996 Twenty-third street, corner of
Noe, tnence to St. James Cnurcb, where a
' solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock A. it. l mermen Holy Cross Cemetery.
fVicAVOY ek CALLACHER] T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS St. EMBALM KRS,
10 Flftb St.. Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 308 a
"* - '»
Jau. Mc.MENimiv. OHAS. McM kx.imuv.
JAMES 31o>IENO_Ii_\ _. SON,
UNDERTAKERS ANU EMBALMERS,
Utol Aiisaion Street, Near Seveutu.
1 rifiilwli- -OH ,1 _54.
■ ■:
JAS. ENGLISH. . •-' . T. R CARE-V
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEtt-,
_ FI.M_KAL DIKECI'OIW,
IP Van Ness aye., near ____•___ ____i Franclsca
Telephone so. 156.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITY UALL __I_.UAl.__..
Telepbone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
'•■-. ■ . ■. .-. '....*-•
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p ats and graves in lis cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots wiil be arranged for at the
Superintendent's offic*. at the cemer.ry, corner
i Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
CAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST VEUBe
O tery to the city; non-sectarian in no' sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Oflice iiVi n«fj*(
meet, southeast corner »' _„i-_.
* ...
1314
UNITARIANS WANT
A TREATY TRIBUNAL
They Commend the Arbitra
tion Treaty Recently
Negotiate d.
Addresses by Dr. Jordan, Rev'
Mr. Adams, Bernard Moses,
Dr. Stebbins, Col. Irish.
Dr. Jordan's Severe Comments Upon
the Seal Fisheries Arbi
tration.
The regular banquet of members of the
Unitarian Club took place at the Cali
fornia last night. There were over a hun
dred persons present, many of them
among the most prominent in the City.
The banquet, which was elaborate, lasted
about an hour and a half.
The question to be discussed was the
general one of arbitration as it has been
brought forward between this country
and England.
Dr. David Starr Jordan spoke in regard
to the fur seals of Alaska. He told of his
recent visit to the rookeries and went into
figures to show that the seals were de
creasing and needed to be protected.
The doctor went into the history of the
contest between England and the United
States as to their respective claims to the
seals. He commended Dr. Merriam, who ;
was sent theresome years ago to make in
vestigations for the United States.
"If America had let Dr. Merriam re
main there long enough there would have
been no arbitration," said the doctor; "we
would have had the fur seals, and that
wouldhave been the end of it.
"One contention was that the seals were
ours wherever they were, and another was
that they ought to be preserved. There
have been 600,000 females killed at sea,
400,000 pups have starved to death and
600,000 young unborn seals have been
killed with their mothers.
"Great Britain has laid herself out for a
compromise. That is what she wanted.
She had no right and she was willing to
compromise. Before the Paris tribunal
there was no agreement of what the facts
were. When the contestants came before
the tribunal, no conditions having been
agreed upon, one set of arguments was
just as good as another. The Canadian
affidavits cost the price of the drinks; the
American affidavits got through the secret
service probably cost thousands of dollars.
We provided for a compromise and no
compromise was possible."
Dr. Jordan went into all the minute de
tails of the life of the fur seals, the dif
ferent methods of killing them, the atti
tude of Russia, and finally said that the
decision of the Paris tribunal was really
in our favor. Many cheers were given
Dr. Jordan at the close of his address.
The Rev. Dr. George C. Adams of the
Congregational Church was announced as
tbe next speaker. He said that, being a
minister, he had prepared a talk along the
lines of peace.
"The most hateful quarrels ever known
have been family quarrels. Any one who
has read the "Origin of Nations" must
have been impressed with the truths
brought forward in it. It is to the spirit
of concession that I desire to call your at
tention. The concessions shown by Abra
ham and Isaac resulted in great strength
to them. It is so in all similar cases. !
There is a relation of nations as well as of
individuals. 1 think it was in I&J4 that j
the first work on international law was
written.
"General Grant could hardly bear the
sight of the wounded in battle. It sick
ened him and, like many other great
men, he wanted war no more. War drags
down and never lifts up. The nation
best prepared for war is the best prepared !
for peace." £sl___P
Professor Bernard Moses of the State •
University spoke on the attitude of demo- i
crats and democracy in this country
toward arbitration. He said if we were a
monarchy we would have a different .
opinion regarding arbitration. The na- '
tions most stiffly for monarchy are most
stiffly for war. If there is no other settle- j
ment for disputes but tbe European way, I
then there is no other way for us. The {
spirit of war has not died out. The rising i
generation is as eager for war as the one ]
that has passed. This is not an age of j
peace. Never were there so many im- I
portant wars as during this century. But |
in arbitration is the basis, the hope of our j
republican civilization.
The Rev. Dr. Stebbins was called on to
speak on arbitration and Christianity.
He said singular as it might seem Chris
tianity was rather a vague term.
"But the intent of it is the welfare of
men, of nations and the human race. Tne
world has been governed by fear and force
and is largely so governed now. The
ignominy of having nothing worth fighting
lor is worse than war. The principal
feature of this treaty is that it is fairly
proposed. What becomes of it ii destined
to have a great effect on future genera
tions. I take great pride in it.
"I ask you to believe in this arbitration,
hope for it, work for it. A great principle
is immortal. It never dies."
He received much applause for his ad
ress. The president asked for an expres
dion of opinion. He said Horace Davis
Fhad provided a resolution, and he asked
for the reading of it. It was read by
Sheldon Kellogg, and was unanim ously
adopted as follows:
Resolved, By the Unitarian Club of Califor
nia" that any differences or disputes arising
between the United States and Great Britain,
which cannot be adjusted by diplomatic
agencies, should be referred to arbitration,
and that a tribunal for that Ipurpote ought to
be established by treaty arrangements between
the two nations.
Horace Davis said the only objection he
had to it was that it was not strong
enough. He wanted something that
would ask the support of the United
States Senate.
Mr. Kellogg then submitted the follow
ing supplementary resolution:
Resolved, That the Unitarian Club of Califor
nia commends the general arbitration treaty
-"tew TO-DAT.
Itching;
skin
diseases 1
Bpkedt Curb Tbeatjibttt for torturing, disflg.
unn;?. itching, burning, aDd scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with Cu-
ticuea. Soap, gentle applications of Cuticura
(ointment), and full doses of Cutiouba Rerou-
te:, t, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures
Cuticura
la sold throughout th* world. Pottbb
Dbvo & Crzh. Corp.. Hole Prope., Boeton.
89- " How to Cure Itchinz Skin Dlt«ue«,"free.
RED ROUGH miW^l^rJX^
recently negotiated by the representatives of
the two English-speaking nations as an epoch
making achievement of modern civilization,
and earnestly desires that the United States
Senators from the State of California shall
support such treaty with their entire ability
and influence, and oppose any amendment
which may endanger its adoption or impair
its success.
Colonel John P. Irish made an able ad
dress in favor of the adoption of the sup
plementary resolution. "He pleaded for
diplomacy and peaceful solutions of inter
national difficulties. He said every time
he went to Washington he had noticed, as
he did a^ain only three weeks ago when
last mere, the Monroe tendency of things.
He asked for the upholding of National
dignity without war, and for a generous
and hearty support of the coming admin
istration, and of all administrations,
whatever their party complexion.
He referred to the presence in the
audience of a distinguished gentleman
who was soon to be a member of McKin
ley's Cabinet, and asked for the support
of Mr. Kellogg's resolution. This "was
given by unanimous vote.
A GRAFTER'S TRICK.
J. E. Blomroan, a Carpenter, in Search
of a Warrant, Is Swindled
Out of «_().
The grafters around the Police courts
have been for weeks studiously keeping
away from the Larkin-street corridor of
the City Hall, owing to the orders of the
Chief of Police to Policeman Wagner to
arrest tbem on sight.
*_esterday morning, however, a smart
trick was played by one of them upon J.
E. Blomross. a carpenter living at 9 How
ard street. Blomross was in the Larkin
street corridor when a young man ac
costed him asking if he could render any
assistance.
Blomross said he wanted a search war
rant for a chest of tools belonging to him
which Thomas Heyman, 118 East street,
was unlawfully keeping in his possession.
The young man said he would soon fix
that and told Blomross to wait for a few
minutes. He returned and handed Blom
ross two papers and said his fee would be
$6. Blomross gave him a $20 gold piece
to get changed, but the young man did not
return with the $14.
After waiting fox nearly an hour Blom
ross went to Judge Low and told him
what had occurred. The Judge looked at
the papers and found that a blank bail
bond bad been used as a complaint and
an order of discharge as a warrant, tbe
latter reading "to discharge from custody
a set of tools."
Blomross got a proper search warrant
and will do all in his power to discover
the young man who swindled him out of
his $20. He described him as about 21
years of age, medium height, stout build,
smooth face and fair complexion.
WARY OF ARBITRATION.
Father McFadden Says England
Is Waiting to Hoodwink
Americans.
Stirring Toasts and Speeches at
St. Patrick's Alliance
Banquet.
Flowers and the emblem of liberty were
in evidence last night at the annual ban
quet and monthly meeting of Unity Alli
ance No. 14, St. Patrick's Alliance of
America, it took place in the hall of the
Knights of the Red Branch at Mason and
O'Farrell streets.
The business meeting, at which business
of a routine nature only was said to bave
been done, preceded the banquet.
The tables were three in number, with
a crossbar of white linen, silver, plates
and delicacies at the top, the whole sug
gesting a trident. Tables of lesser size
but greater elevation were set on the plat
forms at the head of the hall. These
were occupied by officers of Alliance No. 1.
The how of Irish wit, island sentiment;
loyalty to the flags, both "the stars and
stripes" and the eloquent green, was con- I
tinued three hours and over. It was en- i
joyed and app auded by all.
President William Mulvin also officiated
as toastmaster. He made a witty saluta- '
tory to each toast. The responses to the
principal toasts were made by the follow
ing gentlemen, the toasts being preceded
by an address of general interest by State j
President of the Alliance O. F. Rooney of
Oakland:
D. L. Callahan— Land We Live In.
Jeremiah Deasy— Celtic Union.
Charles O'Brien— The Times of Our Fathers
and Forefathers.
F. B. Hunt— Progressive Unity of the Alii- {
ance.
Rev. Father McFadden of Ireland, who !
is understood to be in this country in the
interest of the promotion of freedom ior
Ireland, made a speech, which was one of
I the most enthusiastically applauded of
the evening. It complimented the Presi
dent first, and later on touched on inter
national politics.
Father McFadden knows what it is to
feel the strictly iron hand of England.
j For being too outspoken in the cause of
Ireland in the time of the evictions be
was condemned to a term in prison for ad
vising his parishioners to resist the evic
tions.
Last night in his speech he touched on
the arbitration treaty. He said that be
had misgivings as to the United States in
that treaty. He thought the United States
was being hoodwinked by Great Britain, i
and that Salisbury and Balfour were con
gratulating themselves on having got on
the soft side of tbe country over which
floats the bird of liberty and freedom.
This opinion was loudly applauded.
m — __ a _
72 handsome $17 50 jackets, silk lined,
are this weak sacrificed at $4 50. City oi
Paris. •..__.; * *
THIRD STREET TO SHINE.
Fifteen Arc Lights "Will Blaze Up Next
Saturday Night.
Third street will, on and after next Sat
urday evening, be classed as one of the
progressive business streets of San Fran
cisco. From that date electric lights will
shine over its pavement from Mission to
Harrison street, and there is positive
assurance that one week later the block
from Market to Mission will follow the
example.
Through the energy of H. S. Hughes,
president of the Third-street Improve
ment Club, assisted by William Hendricl.
son, Joseph Silverman, Sylvain Levy and
Gerson Hershall, the necessary amount of
$50 per month for each of the three blocks
was guaranteed. The contract will run
for one year at the rate of $150 a month,
and will give five arc lights to each block,
or fifteen in all. This number the com
mittee thinks will be ample, as each lamp
will be provided with a new kind of re
flector, which it is thought will turn all
the light, generally lost above the lamp,
down to the earth.
As so many property-owners on the
block from Market to Mission had refused
to subscribe for light recourse was had to
storekeepers. They have promised Ber
nard Katschinski and A. Becker, the com
mittee that waited on them, tbe necessary
amount, and the committee will negotiate
for five arc lights at once.
The next movement 10 be agitated by
this club will be to have that street bitu
minlzed from Market to Folsom.
• m .
Street Assessment Sulla.
E. R. Thomason Is trying to collect what he
considers due him on account of street assess
ment liens, and has filed suits accordingly
against Thomas Mclnerney, E. Crawlord, T. Z.
Blakeman, William H. Taylor, M. C. Hassett,
John Graves, Joseph Cuneo, John Sciiaefer, M.
C. Ford aud Thomas Moran.
. . . * * . * . ■ —
Ir your printer can't get the "Genuine Bank
Stock" paper, _cud to Mi -Rollins, _.__ Clay.*
THE SAN F-RAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1897.
PORCH CLIMBER
IN THE TANKS
Frank Taylor, a Sailor,
Arrested for Many
Burglaries.
He Was Caught While Prowling
Around a House on Post
Street. .
A Large Quantity of Stolen Property
Recovered in tbe Room He
Occupied.
One of 'the men who are believed^to have
been committing the recent numerous
burglaries in this city and Oakland is
now in the "tanks" at the City prison,
and evidence has already been secured
against him on several charges of burg
lary.
He is Frank Taylor, a sailor, 32 years
of age, and he is credited by tbe police
with making use of his experience on
FRANK TAYLOR.
j board ship to climb porches and entering
j houses by the upper windows while the
[ family would be at dinner.
Saturday night Policeman W. H. Heines
was on special duty in plain clothes, and
he saw a man coming out of an alleyway
on Post street, near Scott. He did not
like the man's appearance, and asked him
what he was doing there. Taylor, who
was the man, said he was looking for No.
1329. Heines knew there wa3 no such
number on the street, and be became con
vinced Taj 'lor was there for no good pur
pose.
Heines searched him and found a car
penter's chisel and a putty-knife in his
pockets. Notwithstanding Taylor's pro
testations that he was an nonest carpen
ter Heines took Dim to the City prison
and locked him up in the "tanks."
Detectives Bee and Harper were de
tailed to investigate into Taylor's case,
and when they had a look at him in the
j "tanks" they recognized him as the man
they had been looking for. They ques
tioned him, but for a long time were un
able to get any satisfactory replies, but
finally Taylor succumbed and told them
that they would find something in his
room on Third street, near Brannan.
The detectives had recovered a sealskin
cape which Taylor had pawned in a shop
in Oakland. It had been stolen on the
night of January 10 from the residence of
S. Anspacher, 2604 Pacific avenue, along
with $175 in money and a lot of valuable
jewelry.
They were satisfied that Taylor was in
the burglary and yesterday sent for the
pawnbroker in Oakland, who - immedi
ately identified Taylor as the man who
pawned the sealskin cape. . .-.'."..
Taylor had stubbornly refused to give
the detectives information as to his room,
but after his identification he weakened
and told them it was in a lodging-house
on Third street, near Brannan.
The detectives: went to the room and
discovered a large quantity of stolen
property. There was a lot of valuable
jewelry, stolen from the residence of S.
Bessinser, 1601 Scott street, on the night
of January 28; another lot of valuable
jewelry, stolen irom the residence of A.
-Stein berger, 1528 Sutter street, on the
night of January S.
There was also a lot of silverware, stolen
from the residence of Dr. Cornwall in
Oakland, and a lot of jewelry which was
stolen from the residence of a gentleman
named Alexander in Oakland, along with
a pocketbook containing some money.
Many other articles were recovered, ap
parently the products of other burglaries.
'They are awaiting identification by the
owners.
Taylor is a first-class able seaman and
has good certificates from different skip
pers under whom he has sailed. He says
he came from Portland about four or five
weeks ago, aDd he must have commenced
breaking into houses almost immediately
after his arrival. The capture is looked
upon as a most important one at police
headquarters.
DEATH OP PEAN.C G. HUME.
The Tonne Man Succumb., at Los Gatos
to Meningitis.
The death is announced from Los Gatos
of Frank G. Hume, who succumbed to
meningitis at his home near that town
early yesterday morning. He had been
suffering for several months and death
came as a relief.
Tbe deceased, who was only 25 years of
age, was a great favorite in a" large circle
of friends both in Oakland and San Fran
cisco. He was a son of Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Hume of Piedmont and beside
his widow and child leaves bis parents,
two sisters and two brothers to mourn his
loss.
The funeral will take place from the
Hume residence in Piedmont next Thurs
day.
| .
;."■''' Free Law Lectures.
William Craig Esq. will cive a series of four
lectures on "Commercial Law," free to young
men, at .he lecture hall of the Young Men's
Christian Association building, Mason and
Ellis streets. The fim lecture will be given
this evening at 8 o'clock; subject : "Contracts
and Negotiable Instruments.'' Lectures will
follow on successive Tuesday evenings, in
which he will consider other practical themes.
. . m .
FORTY-ONE WANT THE PARK.
Sonoma Citizens Who Desire More
Picnics Up there.
Forty-one business men and citizens of
Sonoma have memorialized President A.
W. Foster of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad to the effect that they are
not opposed to the road purchasing the
; old Vallejo place and transforming it into
picnic grounds, which shall be a thing of
beauty and a scene of great joy every Sun
day. On the contrary, they state they
would like to have the railroad push the
enterprise to a popular consummation and
do any other thing to revive "the droop
ing industries" of Sonoma.
President Foster said yesterday that
there was nothing more "to be said at
I present about the picnic intentions of the
j road, serious or otherwise.
A SPORTSMEN'S SPECIAL
Chance to Enjoy the Last Day of the
Open Season.
On account of next Sunday being the
last day of the open hunting season the
North Pacific Coast road will dispatch a
special sportsmen's train to Duncans
Mills (Russian River) and all way sta
tions, leaving via Sausalito ferry next
Saturday night at 11:30 o'clock and re
turning Sunday evening. This service
will give eight hours for steelhead fishing
in the Russian River, or the whole of Sun
day for duck or quail hunting in the ter
ritory near the line of the road.
A special reduced rate will be offered for
the occasion. Sportsmen who desire to
go up on the regular 1 :45 r. ... train Sun
day may have the privilege of returning
on the special Sunday afternoon.
SIXTH STREET TO RALLY.
Its Enterprising Residents Issue
a Stirring Call to
Arms.
A Mass-Meeting to Ba Held To-Night
to Whoop Up Things and H.lp
the Thoroughfare.
The following stirring call to a meeting
to take place this evening has been issued
by the Sixth-street Improvement Club;
To the Sixth-street Property-Owners — Dear
Sirs: Term us to address you in behalf of our
efforts. You jiust certainly be aware of the
existence of our organization, composed as it
is solely of the merchants who are your ten
ants. In perusing the morning papers of re
cent dates you no doubt have read of the en
terprise, zeal and unselfish ardor that we dis
play in promoting and furthering the best In
terests ol the street.
San Francisco is awakening from her
lethargic state. That seeming chronic com
plaint, inertia,' that disease that so long im
peded tne onward march of our community,
has been driven forever from our midst. The
cry of the hour is progress, improvement, for
ward.' Streets and sections innumerable have
organized and amalgamated. Before this
mighty irresistible array of unity every ob
stacle and every obstruction of silurianism
has been swept aside.
Shall Sixth street be included in this mighty
upheaval of public enterprise or shall she be
thrust back to the ignominious condition of
"Rotten Row."
Shall Sixth street, one of the fairest jewels
in the diadem of realty, be, os virtually she
should be, in the van of "this on ward sweep, or
must she endure the contempt oi our City as a
"has been."
The position of your tenants in this mat
ter is self-evident "What is your position?"
Every Improvement on Sixthstreet is an im
provement to your property.
Bobtail cars and cobble-paved streets detract,
electric lines and bituminous pavements en
hance. To improve the street and enhance
your realty; induce the return of the patron
age which has departed but which by all vir
tue belongs to us; to keep abreast with the
times— that is the goal we strive to attain.
Your co-operation in this matter is imperative.
The City Fathers will not accord us the
proper recognition without your identifica
tion. The removal of one of our heretofore
steadiest and representative merchants of the
street must arouse you to a full realization of '
obvious defects.
We ask you in all fairness and justice to join
our ranks to lend your voice and presence to
the consummation of this most vital project.
You are respectfully invited to attend a
grand meeting to be held at Music Hall, cor
ner Mission and Mary streets, between Fifth
and Sixth, Tuesday evening, February 9, 1897,
at 8 o'clock sharp. We will not waste the
evening with desultory preliminaries and argu
ments. Yours respectfully,
Sixth-street Improvement Club.
L. V. Merle, President.,
S. Rosenthal. Secretary pro tern.
43 new-cut jackets ($7 50), must be sold
this week al $2. City of Paris. *
Deaconesses Plan Work.
A meeting of deaconesses was held yester- ;
day, with the object of outlining plans for
more extended work. A number of pastors
were also present, Rev. Dr. Urmy presiding.
Suggestions were discussed for establishing
a deaconesses' settlement ln this city; also for
the establishment of a nursery home for young
children in conjunction with the Fred Finch
Orphanage. Rev. Dr. Dille, Rev." Dr. Case and
Rev. Dr. Beard were appointed a committee
to communicate with the directors of the Fred
Finch Orphanage to see if the nursery for chil
dren under three years of age could be under
taken by the deaconesses in conjunction with
the orphanage. Mrs.' Ida Benson was re
quested to embrtdy her views on the nursery
question in a paper. The paper is to be read
at a deaconesses' meeting which will be held
two weeks hence.
...... Will Meet.
The association of Presbyterian Sunday
school teachers, which; was organized some
time ago, will hold a convention on; the even
ing of the 26th inst. at Howard Presbyterian
Church. Ihe object of the organization is to
keep the officers ot the various Presbyterian
Sunday-schools in touch with one another.
> J k\vki,r v store, & and 7 Thiid street, removed to
803 Kearny sireeu -SfiSBBBBi
THIS WILL BE A
YEAR OF PLENTY
Cheering Report of Presi
dent Watkins of the
Board of Trade.
Every Indication Points to a
Revival o. Business on a
Sound Foundation.
Unless Some Surprise Is Sprung Upon
the Country Nothing Can
Hold It Beck.
The annual meeting of the Board of
Trade was held yesterday at which a
board of directors was elected for the year
and the reports of the officers were read.
That of President A. A. Watkins gives a
general review of the year that is passed,
with another review of the conditions
that he prophesies wili develop a year of
unprecedented prosperity into which we
have already entered. The report is
cheerful reading in and out of business
circles. It says:
The year just passed has been a try
ing: one to all engaged in business.
Hard times have been an epidemic
which extended from one side of the
continent to the other, and most busi
ness men parted with the year 1896
with small regrets. On the whole it is
a wonder that with the many disturb
ing influences it got through as well as
it did. The year started out with a
severe political congest staring it in
the face and a possibility of a change
in the currency system whicli filled the
hearts of business men with terror.
The diminution of the treasury reserve
by the continued exports of gold,
which could be checked only by the
issuance of Government bonds, created
a feeling of distrust.
1897 starts out not confronted with
any such apprehensions; without that
feeling of hopelessness that permeated
the business world at the beginning of
last year; the gold reserve in the treas
ury advanced to the point at which it
was held iv the years of our greatest
prosperity. The immense favorable
balance of trade — largest ever gained in
the history of the Government — the
absence of any fear of gold exports for
many months at least and the generally
acknowledged good prospects for favor
able prices for wheat, agricultural and
horticultural products; the revival of
interest in the mining industry on the
Pacific Coast and the increased gold
product in this State in 1896— the largest
since 1883 — all add to the feeling of con
fidence.
On every hand are evidences of im
proving times. The conditions are all
most favorable for a prosperous year.
There is no hill it in anything prices
are all low, and business as a whole is
upon a sound foundation.
A speech recently delivered by An
drew Carnegie on the business situation
concluded with these words:
••Unless some surprise is sprung upon
the country nothing can hold it back
from a period of genuine prosperity.
These thoughts are in accord with
the views generally expressed by the
foremost business men throughout the
country. I trust that their expectations
may realized, and hope that at the
close of another twelve month% you can
all look hack with gladness, unmixed
with sorrow, upon the year now opening.
The directors re-elected were: For term
of three years — __. Xickelsburg, S. Feucht
wanger, Isaac Up bam.
or the unexpired term of two years —
William duff.
Isaac Upham succeeded A. L. Scott for
the three-year term and William Cluff
succeeded Frank Brigham for the unex
pired term of two years.
Secretary H. L. Smith reported, among
otber things, a total membership of 198;
admitted during the year 16, resigned and
retired from business 19.
The number of cases recorded from i
February 1, 1896, to February 1, 1897, upon
which action was taken was 652; amouut
of liabilities recorded, $2,090,267. Of these
cases 335 nave been settled, 317 still pend
ing. Of the number settled 37 were a
total loss. The failures represent the fol
lowing lines of trade:
Agricultural implements 1, bakery 7, boots
and shoes 23, books and stationery 8, butcher
1, bicycles 3, cigars and tobacco 13, cloaks 1,
clothing 37, dry goods 54, drills 24, fancy
goods 14, fruit cannery 1, furnishing goods 43,
furniture and carpets 16, general merchandise
126, groceries 122, granite wort 1, hardware
25, harness and saddlery 3, hotels 12, jewelry
8, liquors 20, lumber 2, millinery 10, paints
and oils 4, plumbing 3, pottery 2, produce 9,
restaurant 8, tinware and stoves 13, tailoring
3, teas and coffees 2, varieties 33. Total 652.
Of these failures 516 occurred in Califor
nia, 13 in Montana, 33 in Oregon, 14 in
Utah, 35 in Washington and 10 in Arizona.
Of those in California 128 occurred in San
Francisco, 45 in Alameda, 37 in Los An
geles. 33 in Santa Clara. The tieasurer
reported:
Balance on hand February 11, 1896... . 15,219 85
Keceipts from secretary 24,080 30
Interest on bank deposits '638 42
Totals... $39,938 57
_____nlM_______M_______. *. ■ .
NEW TO-DAY.
JR, ! GIFT DAY M\
tf^f 1 Wednesday, Feb. 10. ■ P § ¥
EVERY PURCHASE AMOUNTING TO 25 CENTS OR OVER.
YOUR CHOICE
A Bottle of Peri Shampoo,
A Box of Peri Face Powder,
A Cake of Dr. Weizman's Skin Soap.
COME ONE, COME ALL!
§ WALLER BROS., j 'SSI'
CUT-RATE /|t r\
DRUGGISTS, ;pfe_y
. | 33 GRANT AYE., Cor. Geary St. j V2___#
Disbursements per vouchers $21,7 13 17
Balance February 1, 1897...... 9 18.'___. 40
As follows:
Deposit in the San Francisco Savings
, "Union. $6,140 96
Deposit In the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society 3,886 26
Deposit in the German Savings and'
Loan Society  5,424 02
<* Total $16,717 76
In hands of treasuer 1.507 64
Grand total $18,225 40
Joseph Kirk, the attorney of the board,
reported 133 actions prosecuted by attach
ment, 30 other than attachment, 39 in
voluntary insolvency proceedings. The
amount involved in , attachments was
$175,470 14; other attachments, $24,509 18.
63 stylish $12 jackets dave to go this
week at $3 50. City of Paris. *
TOE THE SILVER MEDAL.
Joseph Carew Won the Contest in
Sacred Heart Parish.
The League of the Cross rally of Sacred
Heart Parish took place last evening in
the parish hall. Five youths of the league
| competed as essayists for the honor of
[ representing Sacred Heart at the district
contest for the silver medal and next July
I for the gold medal for the best essay ou
the topic, "What Drunkenness Costs."
Thomas Fallon presided, and seated also
on the platform were Rev. Fathers P.
O'Ryan, John Cullen and James Flood.
Company D, First Regiment, League of
the Cross Cadets, Captain J. J. Mcßride,
First Lieutenant Ignatius Dwyer. Second
Lieutenant Harry McGurren. in uniform,
occupied a section of the hall.
The competing essayists were Rudolph
Longabaugh, John Meaney, Harry Stark,
Sergeant Joseph Carew and Christopher
Pentony, ail of whom delivered good and
original papers. John Mean, y was appa
rently a favorite with the enthusiastic
military section in attendance, for when
he had concluded speaking the company
with vigor and reverberation exclaimed as
follows :
Holy smoke! Who are we?
We are, we are Company D.
The judges decided tbat Joseph Carew 's
essay was the best, and Harry Stark's
second.
Other features of the evening's pro
gramme comprised music by Sacred
Heart College's excellent orchestra, the
singing of "America" by the very large
audience, funny songs and stories by
C. O'Donnell, a piano solo by Achilles
Artigues, and an instrumental trio on
mandolins and guitar by Miss Jennie
Macauley, who made a pretty contrast in
pinK between M. Clay and Thomas
Macauley, who accompaniad her.
AFTER A SUNSEN ROCK.
Survey Steamer McArthur Will
Drag for a Dangerous
Obstruction.
The Pinnacle on Which the C.n
tesima Struck Is the Obj.ctof
the Search.
The United States Government has de
termined to solve the mystery of the in
jury to the British ship Centesima, which
occurred on December 13 last, and has
ordered the survey-steamer McArthur to
search forthe dangerous pinnacle that has
cost the owners of the vessel $25,000,
Pilot Freeman, who is considered one of
the most careful men in the business, was
in charge of the Centesima — a steel ship of
2800 tons — when she struck, and he sailed
on the McArthur yesterday morning, at
the request of the National authorities, to
assist in the search for the rock.
The Centesima was coming down the
north channel in a terrific gale when she
struck the obstruction. She was in tow of
a tug, and when in water that was sup
posed to be ample lor a vessel of her
draught careened to port as a swell let her
I down on the rock. Another swell took
; her over the pinnacle, and she struck on
j the port side with sufficient force to send
I her reeling to starboard.
The lead was used as quickly as possi-
I ble, and it gave ten and one-half fatnoms
i of water, showing that the rock must jut
; sharply from the bottom. Pilot Freeman
' claimed then, and still asserts, that he
j was well within the channel and that the
rock on which the vessel struck was one
that has been missed by former surveys,
and that it is not on any of the charts fur
nished by the Government.
Tne officers who keep track of the bar
and soundings of the channels by which
vessels reach this port claim that the pilot
is mistaken, but the rock is to be searched
for, nevertheless.
Captain Freeman will direct the Mc-
Arthur to a point as near as he can calcu
late to the place where the Centesima
struck, ana then the drags, by which such
obstructions are located, will be towed
backward and forward until the vexed
question is settled.
HIT WITH A HATCHET.
George Ackermann Arrested for Frac
turing the Skull of Thomas Kane,
a Boy.
George Ackermann, living at 21S Elev
enth street, was arrested last night by
Policemen Reihl and Harrigan and booked
at the City Prison on a charge oi assault
to murder.
Ackermann is subject to epileptic fits,
which has made him irascible. He is 52
years of age and is not engaged in any oc
cupation. His wife is a dressmaker.
j Last night Ackermann was nailing up
a dressmaker's sign in front of his resi- j
dence when some boys stopped to read it.
Ackermann was using the bead of a hatchet
to drive in the nails and be became Irri
tated at the boys and threw the hatchet at
them.
Among the boys was Thomas Kane, 13 V
years of age, living at9l7}_ Natoma street. |
The head of the hatchet struck him on I
the head, making an ugly hole and frac- "
turing the boys skull. The boy was taken j
to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Thomp
son found fractures of both tables of the
skull at the upper left side of the head.
He removed many fragments of bone and
expressed the opinion that the boy's life
was in danger. : .
After being arrested Ackermann was
taken to the hospital and' the boy identi
fied him. Ackerman nclaimed that the
boys were calling him names and annoy
ing him.
c » ♦ — •
Mate Reod Arrested.
First Mate Reod of the ship William F.
Babcoct was arrested yesterday on a charge of
having abused a seaman named William Pur
clval while on a recent voyage from Balti
more. The warrant was issued several days
ago, 1 but up to , yesterday he had not been
found. The mate was at once released on
• ♦ — -t
Held for Grand Larceny.
Thomas Kackie alias Costigan and Frank
Smith were yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court Dy Judge Low In $2000
bonds each on the " charge of grand larceny.
They stole a diamond pin from Frank Phil"
lips, a horseman, on a car while coming into
town from the lngleside track. "
NEW TO-DAY.
leWlros;
GROCERYSTORES.
REDUCTIONS FOR_ THIS WEEK.
ALL GROCERIES
SOLD AT LOW PRICES.
Extra Family Flonr. sack - - - - $1-10
Choice Batter, squares 25c
Heinz & Snider 's Catsup 20c
Jams and Jellies, 2-lb. jars •- • • 10c
Safety Parlor Matches, pack ••• 2&
So. 1 Eastern Hams 10c lb
Port and Sherry Wines 95c
(Other days $1.50 gallon).
Mocha and Java Coffee SOc lb
Telephone South 393.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
1324-1326 Market Street
and 134 Sixth Street.
H. WOLF & BRO. ■ m m Proprietor*
Be Healthful
Be Manly
There is no reason on earth why you should
be otherwise. Relief is offered, and the price-
less blessings of sound health and sturdy
manhood are yours if you will accept them
from the great specialist, Doctor Cook, who
guarantees a prompt and perfect cure of
Nervousness, Gonorrhoea,
Emissions. Stricture,
Shrunken Organs, Syphilis,
Impotency, Varicocele,
Lost Manhood, Hydrocele.
Doctor Cook is also an expert on Fomale
Complaints, Catarrh, Rheumatism, Rupture,
Piles, Blood and Skin Diseases, and diseases of
the Eye. Ear, Nose, Throat, Biain, Heart,
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
(DOCTOR COOK.)
If you cannot call upon the doctor, write to*
him your troubles fully, and receive a valu
able book on Men's Diseases free. Mail treat-
ment always successful. Office hours, 9 to 12
A. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P.M.; Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Baldwin- Hotel).
(Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Ho. ID Third St.
| STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT J
Make qB^A Solid
$1.10 $M 0
YOU ARE LUCKY
If you buy one of the bargains we are
offering this week. Our loss Is yonr gain.
j We must offer inducements on account of
the doable blockade at Third aud Market
streets. ill-.. and Children's genuine
Kangaroo Calf i ace shoes, with neat
pointed toes and tips and spring heels; the
very latest and swellest style, and every
pair guaranteed to wear; widths. D aud E.
Child's sizes. 8 to 10%..- -*1 1°
Misses' sizes, 11 to U. 136
For , 1 Don't
! 'Ihe hmJh& Miss I
Ladies cJ^IL This. I
$2.00 IjT!S_-_^* $2.00 !
SPEClAL— Ladies' Extra Fine Vici Kid I
Cloth Top Southern Ties, Razor Toes and
X Patent leather Tips, Hand -turned Soles
an.l French Wooden Hi-els. will be sacrl- I i
fieed at $_* a pair, worth $4 a pair; all sizes ' I
aud widths. _.'_■'"._ IB
~~ ~" ~™ ■ .
*y Country orders solicited.
tfsT Send for New Illustrate! Catalogue.
Addreis * —
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., j
IO Third St.. San Fraud ..