VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 67.
BARRY,
THE BOLD
LOBBYIST
Senator Bulla Will Make
Charges Against the
Attorney.
MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM
THE LEGISLATURE.
Daring Work in the Interest of
{San Francisco Abstract
Companies.
SCANDAL CONNECTED WITH
THE DEFEAT OF A BILL.
But There Will Be a R-consideration
That May Cause the ex-Militiaman
to Be Pub::c'.y Accused
BACRAMENTO, Cm,., Feb. 4.— Colonel
. Thomas F. Barry of Sar. Francisco, ex
militiaman, Democratic politician and at
torney, will be publicly charged with be
ins b. lobbyist for hire, and his exclusion
from the floor of the Senate will probably
be asked for by Senator Bulla to-morrow.
On the same c casion he will pay his
compliments to another lobbyist, who
lirst offered his services to the Los An
geles Senator, and afterward, on the ae
clinationof his proffer, worked against the
measure which he originally proposed to
favor. The name of this gentleman Sena
tor Bulla refuses to ditclose.
The bill about which these peculiar de
velopments cluster is that introduced by
Senator Buila, ana which provides for the
certification of land titles and simplifica
tion of real estate tran?fers.
After the defeat of the measure on Tups
. day by one vote Bulla gave notice of re
consideration. Yesterday the Senate con
sented to reconsider the bill, and it is to
- v 2c£yfi-[£ "sfei-rttiil-uisposifioa uwiiurr ow,
and there are indications that there will
.be a lively debate over i t.
Senator Bulla is of the opinion that the
measure failed to pass in the first instance
because many of his colleagues did not
'understand the merits of the bill or had
SENATOR R. N. BULLA, the Energetic Statesman From Los
Angeles, Who May Cause Colonel Thomas F. Barry to
Be Expelled From the Floor of the Senate for Lobbying.
been influenced by the arguments of those
personally interested in its defeat. In
illustration of his views he related the
followinc; bit of history :
"I know," he said, "that the bill has
been opposed by Colonel Thomas F.
Barry. Yesterday I asked him why he
•was working aeainst the bill. He an
swered that tie was here in the interests of
the abstract companies. He further stated
that he was receiving pay for his efforts
directed against the bill. When I called
his attention to the fact that he was vio
lating the law he explained by saying that
he was employed as the paid attorney ol
the abstract companies. I then told him
that he was violating the law by lobbying
on the floor of the Senate and Intimated
that I might have him excluded from the
Benate chamber. His only reply to this
was that this was my privilege.
"All this was freely admitted in the
presence of another Senator. If Colonel
Barry continues his efforts against my
bill I shall feel compelled to call the
'attention of the Senate to his conduct
• and have him forbidden entrance to the
Senate. Both his conduct and that of
another lobbyist who haa been coquetting
The San Francisco Call
JUDGE JOSEPH McKENNA, Who Has Accepted a Place in the
Cabinet of President-Elect McKinley.
with my bill will be brought to the Sen
ate's notice. I have no desire to make it
unpleasant lor this gentlemen, but I feel
in duty bound to protect my bill.
"It nas iurther come to my Knowledge
that the alleged facts of the main argu
ment made on the floor were made by
Colonel Barry, and I know that many
misstatements were contained in the
statement furnished by him."
LEGISLATION FOR
SAN FRANCISCO.
Representatives of the Metrop
olis Express Their Views
at Sacra menta
Mayor Phelan and Others Speak About
City Cemeteries, Corporation Offi
cials and Cheap Carfare.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 3.— From
» o'clock uniil after midnight tne San
ITrancisco members ol the Legialatur« sat
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
I in joint session to-night in the Senate
chamber to discuss and consider legis
lative matters pertaining to the metrop
olis. The features of the meeting were
the appearance before the joint commit
tee of Mayor Pheian and his addre-s on
the various measures on the !Wes of both
bauses and t he debate ors the bill Drovid
ing for 2}£-cent fares on streetcars in tan
Francisco at certain hours of the day.
While awaiting the arrival of Mayor
Pheian and other prominent San Fran
ciscans, the Senate San Francisco delega
tions beard arguments on the bill to pre
vent buriais within the City after the Ist
of January, l: OJ.
Charie- H. Hubbs spoke for the Rich
mond District people. He calleu atten
tion to the fact that seventy-two valuable
blocks were tied up in the various ceme
leries. Within these, he argued, about
6000 burials were made annually, and as it
ODD CHARACTERS VISITING THE AUSTRALIAN CRIMINAL AT THE CITY PRISON.
took tweive years for a body to decom
pose, 72,000 bodies were continuously
undergoing decomposition within the
City's limits at the time, to the imminent
danger of the health of the City. He held
further that the revenue by taxation that
might be derived from these blocks, if de
voted to other purposes, would amount to
about $400,000 annually.
At this juncture As-emblymen Bettman,
Gately and Denn«ry withdrew in evident
disgust, saying they had heard all these
arguments before and that they were tire
some. They promised to return when the
joint session was called to order.
Dr. 11. C. Taylor spoke of the dancers to
health that existed in the practice of bury
ing people within the City limits.
George Fletcher opposed the bill, be
cause he said that in bis opinion the clos
Continued on Sccoiid Page.
M'KENNA
IS IN THE
CABINET
California Highly Honored
by President - Elect
McKinley.
THE JURIST NOTIFIED
LAST NIGHT.
As Yet the Position He Will
Occupy Has Not Been
Designated.
HANNA FOR POSTMASTER-GEN
ERAL.
It Is the Accepted Opinion that He
Will Represent Ohio in the
0 ficial Family.
Judge McKenna of the United States
Circuit Court last night authorized tne
statement that he has been invited to ac
cept a position in the Cabinet of Presi
dent-elect McKinley and also that he has
signified bis acceptance. He did not care
to give for publication the dispatch in
which the tender of a position was made,
nor did he wish to make his response
public
He considered these communications
conlidential and personal. He had ex
pected the communication from Canton.
"I can say only this," said Judge Mc-
Kenna last evening, "that no position has
been designated which 1 am to occupy.
That is for Major McKinley to signify.
Beyond this I cannot say."
The definite announcement that the po
sition has been tendered and that Judge
McKenna has accepted the appointment
wal not come a9 a surprise to any one, for
tne fact has been generally forecast, eyer
since Judge McKenna was summoned to
visit Major McKinley.
The peopie will naturally be much
gratified that California has been recog
nized in the make-up of the President's
official lami'y.
Judge McKenna, on his return from
Canton, spoke very plainly to a represen
tative of this paper. "I hay* not been a
candidate for a position in Major McKin
ley's Cabinet," he said, 'and lam not a
candidate." Further than this, he
modestly forbore to speak.
"We were all surprised," said the re
porter, "when we heard that you had so
suddenly gone to Canton."
"Not more surprised than I was to go,"
answered the Judge, quietly.
From this it is made clear that the posi
tion and tue attendant honor which is
naturally conferred by it came ansoueht.
Judge Joseph McKenna was born in
Philadelphia on August 10, 1843. He
came to the coast in 1855 and settled in
Benicia, Solano County. He was educated
partly in the public schools and in the
Benicia Collegiate Institute. He studied
law nnd<r Professor Abbott of that insti
tute and was admitted to the bar in ISUS;
elected District Attorney of Solano
County; re-elected in 1867. As District
Attorney he moved up to the county seat.
After leaving the District Attorney's office
he practiced law.
In 1875 he was elected to the Assembly
of the State of California for the se-sion
of 1875-76. In 1876 he was nominated for
Congress and was beaten, the district
being Democratic. Renominated in 1878
he was defeated again by a narrow ma
jority.
Upon the State being redistricted he
was nominated by the Republicans of the
Third Congressional District, and was
elected in ISB4 to the Forty-ninth Con
gress. He was re-elected successively to
the Fiftieth, Fifty-first and Fifty-second
Congresses. While serving in the Fiity
second Congress he wat appointed by
President Harrison a United States Cir
cuit Judge, and has served in that capa
city to date.
HANNA'S INTENTIONS.
It Is Reported That He May Accept
the Postofflce Portfolio.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 4.— The indica
tions are now thai the political intentions
of M. A. Hanna will occupy the Cabinet
guessers the rest of the week. It is re
ported by many of Mr. Hanna's Cleveland
friends who have visited Canton within
the last ihirty-six hours that he may ac
cept the position of Postmaster-General.
Trie more generally accepted opinion is
that Mr. Uanna thinks that he will be
appointed to the Senate by Governor
Bushnell, but the rumor that Governor
JBushnell has decided to appoint Lieuten
ant-Governor Jones to the Senate in suc
cession to John Sherman, March 4, is not
thought to be wholly reliable.
An earnest effort on the part of local
Republicans attached to both wings of the
party in this fctate is being made to main
tain the harmonious relations whicu have
existed in the State for the last year and
a half, and it is by no means certain that
Governor Bushnell may not at the last
moment appoint Mr. Hanna to tne Sen
ate, though up to this time he has in no
way indicated his willingness to do so.
Whether Mr. Hanna is appointed to the
Senate to till Sherman's unexpired term
or not, he will be a candidate lor the Sen
ate at the regular fall term of the Legisla
ture which is to be elected next fall and
which meets to choose a United States
Senator in January next.
Many of Mr. Hanna's friends want him
to go into the Cabinet, and Major McKin
ley has desired it ever since his election.
The bel'ef is that Mr. Hanna will be
here at 1 o'clock to-morrow and will spend
the night, and it is more than likely that
he will come to some detinue conclusion
respecting the Cabinet, although he awaits
the efforts of those who are trying to
arrange matters in the interest of party
peace, though he may not announce his
decision for two or three weeKs.
The visit of General Alger to Canton to
day was not fraught with importance.
He came to present the wishes of some
Michigan friends, and there was a little
talk about an Assistant Secretary of War,
but nothing of a definite nature respect
ing this important appointment was done.
The visit of Chairman Gowdy of the In
diana Republican Committee was one of
interest. He spent the day in Canton and
h»a an extended talk with the President
elect. Mr. Gowdy says Indiana wi!l be
modest in her demands upon the Presi
dent-elect, and when pressed confessed
that he would like to be appointed
Consul-General at Paris. As a matter of
fact, applications for office from Indiana
have not been as numerous in Canton as
from many other States.
There are at least twenty applicants for
the post of Consul-General at Pans.
The appointment and acceptance some
time last night of J. Addicks Porter to the
position of private secretary to the Presi
dent-elect puts a stop to further discus
sion on that subject.
Perry S. Heath of Indiana, who was a
good deal talked of in connection with the
office of private secretary, came here to
day in response to a telegraphic message
from the President-elect. Mr. Heath was
offered and accepted an appointment.
The position to which he has been as
signed, however, has not been given out.
Mr. McKinley said to-night: "I have re-
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOME NEWS
FROM THE
OLIVEBANK
Butler Was Known on
Board Her as Robert
Ashe.
HE WANTED A SEAMAN'S
BERTH.
Captain Petrie Easily Identified
a Picture of the Cap
tive.
BUTLER HOLDS A LEVEE IN HIS
C7LL.
Denies Tbat He Was Interviewed, or
That Hi Maie a Confession or
That He Insulted Ladies,
The third day of Butler's incarceration
has passed and still he is self-possessed,
non-committal and apparently indifferent
to the awful charges of many murders
that have been placed against him.
He emphatically denied yesterday that
he had made any confession, and repudi
ated the facts, sentiments and unnatu
rally graceful language attributed to him
by the Examiner in its inaccurate and
boastful article.
He was at his own reaueat furnished by
the Australian detectives with a suit of
new store clothes, which he donned early
in the afternoon to be more presentable
to his numerous visitors, many of whom
were women.
The police estimate that fully 3000 per
sons have thus far called to see the human
monster. No restrictions have been im
posed. Every one is admitted to the corri
dor. The Chief or Police gave orders to
admit any respectable looking person.
Some of these visitors hover near the
bars in close proximity to Butler. Some
of tnem give him cigars. Most of them
talk to him. To all oi them he appears
uniformly courteous and stands up nearly
ali day on parade for the satisfaction of
the morbidly curious and the sentimental.
Butler's property has all been placed in
safe keeping, and not even his attorneys
can see it until the extradition proceed
ings commence.
KNOWN AS RICHARD ASHE.
Butler Served Under That Name
Aboard the Olivebank Four
Years Ago.
"That is Richard Ashe, a native of Ire
land, who served aboard my ship as an
A. B. in 1898," said Captain Petrie cf the
British ship Olivebank last night when
shown a picture of Lee Weiler, or Frank
Butler, the man now in the City Prison
accused of at least a dozen murders.
The Oiivebank has been outside for
some days, and on several occasions she
was reported as the Swanhilda, both be
ing four-masted bark-ricked ships. When
the news came that Butler had made a
voyage on the Olivebank, there was a rush
to board the ship and secure Captain
Petrie's statement. After identifying the
picture he said :
"I shipped Richard Ashe in Rio da2
Janeiro, in April, 1893. He told me that
he held a certificate of competency, and
only chipped before the mast because he
wanted to get out of the place. He was a
good seaman, and truthfully, I can only
remember of one occasion on which he
gave trouble. He was laid up with the
rheumatism, as well as I can remember,
and was on the sick list when we reached
port. I sent for the doctor, and that gen
tleman said he was not so sick but that
he could work. I went into the forecastle
with the second mate with the lotion the
doctor had left, but Ashe got into a vio
lent rage and refused to allow me to apply
the medicine.
"H • also remarked that he bad it in for
the captain of the Star of Russia, and that
he would make both of us suffer before h«
was through with the matter. When we
reached our dock Ashe was arrested, and
just before <he Olivebank sailed I paid
him off in jail, giving him 30 shillings
that was coming to him, and I tbink his
receipt is now on board.
'Last trip, or Jast December rather,
when w« were in Newcastle, I ran across
Ashe; or, as you call him, Butler, again.
He was well dressed and prosperous, and
xvhen he accosted me on the street I
stopped and spoke to him. In answer to
my Questions he said he had come from
Sydney to ship as mate of a vessel, and he
expected to get away in a few days. He
went about openly in Newcastle, and
seemed to hare plenty of friends. Dur
ing the voyage he mads on my ship as a
sailor he dil not impress roe as a bad
man, nor did he show any sign of insub
ordination until we were within a few
days of port. He was a uood sailor, and
did his work well. He seemed fairly well
educated, and appeared to me *.o be above
the rank of an ab e seaman."
Arthur Partridge, one of the apprentice
boys on the Olivebank. was on the sbip
for his first voyage when Butler joined
her at Rio de Janeiro. He at once
recognized the picture of the supposed
murderer, and said that when he Joined
the sbip Ashe said he had been second
mate of the Scottish Giens.
"The men in the forecastle did not like
him," said Partridge, "because he had
such high and mighty ways. Once he
refused to scrub the boat on the main
hatch because be thought it would make
him look undignified. H; had to do his
work, however, and he vowed to get even
with some one."
Captain Petrie and Apprentice Part
ridge will probably be called upon to-day
by the police to identify "Lee WeJier" as
the man who, in 1893, passed himself off
as Richard Ashe, second mate of the Scot
tish Giens.
BUTLER'S LEVEE IN JAIL.
Ho Is Besieged by Visitors Who
Bring Him All There Is Nice
to Eat.
Butler, Lee Weller or any other name
by which do may be called, is very sore at
the treatment he has received at the hands
of the Examiner. He did not fail to tell
this to every visitor wto called on him
yesterday, and they were many.
According to his story the Examiner
has maliciously traduced him with an
idea of aggrandizing itself as an enterpris
ing and successful paper, regardless of
accuracy, truth or common-sense, and
with a venomous idea of prejudicing his
case. But bis own statement, signed be
fore witnesses, as he in his cell deplored
the condition of affairs, tells the tale bet
ter than could columns of comment in
the premises. It is p jblished iii these col
umns.
There is no doubtfng that Butler is
uroving a great attraction at the City
Prison.
Turnkey Shaw stated yesterday that the
Australian prisoner came third on the list
as star lodgers. Durrant attracted ihe
greater number oi cranks and Winthrop
came next.
As a matter of fact, the way Butler's
levees are being attended, it is likely that
he will eventually gain a notch or two be
fore the detectives will have him in hand
on the way to Australia.
The hawkshaws from the Antipodes
have been besieged by acquaintances, and
even strangers, for permission to look at
the prisoner, and ihe following letter has
been forwarded to them as a business pro
posal:
San Fhancjsco, Feb. 4, 1897.
To the Australian Vetectives: I will donate
to you or any Australian charitable institution
the sum of one thousand dollars ($1000) for
the services of Lee Weller (Butler) as an ex
hibit for the period of oue week. The object
is lo exhibit him to the public for pity.
Thomas H. Shaw.
Shaw stated frankly when asked about
his proposal thai he would, if permitted,
exhibit Weller as & business proposition,
as he saw "enough cranks around this
City to pay him a handsome profit for the
privilege of seeing the murderer."
Detective Roche of Australia brought
around a tailor to measure Butler for a
suit of clothes.
"We have taken all his wearing apparel
from him as evidence," said Roche, "and
we must furnish him with clothing in its
Btead."
Late yesterday afternoon the clothes
came and the prisoner donned them ail
except the coal. He feels more comfort
able in his sbirt sleeves.
A. B. Doming, a religious patent medi
cine man, called on Butler during the
morning. He pleadea with him to fast
during a few days, to as to purge his mind
and body of all sin. He advised that the
prisoner should then feast in good shape
and he furnished him with substantial
stuff enough to do it.
There were three jars of Dickies, three
pounds of cheese, one bag of crackers, one
bag of nuts, four pounds of dried figs, two
dozen bananas, a score of apples and
oranges, as well as numerous other bun
dles, including a pipe ana much tobacco.
Aside from the cranks that called on
Butler there were some people who were
Honest in their endeavor to see the man.
Among them were Captain Kustel of the
ship Hawaiian Isles. The captain sailed
from Australia * few days before the
Swanhilda.
Butler, it appears, asked toe captain for
a berth aboard his ship as mate. Captain
Kuscel refused to take him as a mate had
already been signed.
When the two men met in the prison
they knew each other at a glance.
"Hello 1" exclaimed the captain, ex
tending his hand between the bars of the
cell.
'"How are you, captain?" inquired But
ler, gra3pmg the skipper's proffered fist.
The two men conversed for a few mo
meats on every topic excepting the one
uppermost in cither's mind— that of the
murders.
Others who called and who recognized
Butler's as a familiar face, but who could
not positively identify him, were John
Dowling, Owen Bradley, Edward Daly
and Michael Glenn of the La Grande
Laundry, where Butler Worked about four
years ago. Butler knew them, however,
better than they knew him, and especially
in the talk with Glenn he recalled small
incidents of days gone by that made the
crowd search back in their memories and
finally decide that they mn-t have been
acquainted at some time with the priioner.
A Letter From Weller.
LONDON, Eva., Feb. 4.— A letter from
Lee Weller, one of tbe victims of Frank
Butler, now under arrest in San Francisco,
has been received by Solicitor Donaldson.
It is daiea November 26, 1896, and informs
a lawyer that the witer is going pros
pecting. A part of the letter is written
in a hand- writing different from Weller'*.
Donaldson is of the opinion that this is
Butler's handiwork.
Solicitor Donaldson, who is the execu
tor of Waller's will, says the latter left
very little property.
AS USUAL, A FAKE.
The " Examiner »s" Interview With Butler Denied and
Condemned.
The Examiner is evidently suffering from an acute attack of silliness. It printed
a faked interview with Butler, the alleged murderer, Wednesday morning and called
attention to the feat yesterday in the following idiotic utterance:
mi. AND kxclusith.
" The Examiner" Had the Only Statement From Butler.
The only newspaper In the United States which contained a statement yesterday from
Frank Butler, under arrest lor murders committed in Australia, was the Examiner. So,
likewise, the only paper which contained the prisoner's admissions that he had passed as
Richard Ashe, and that the name Lee Weller was not his true name, was the Examiner. All
this was most important news, and without it the story of the capture and the conclusion of
this extraordinary man hunt was not complete. The statement made by Butler was of the
utmost importance because It outlines the general scope of his defense.
It was not to be expected that a man under charge of murder would disclose the whole
truth, but there are part* of Butler's story supported by corroborative proofs, and more
particularly those relating to his life in California, that have absorbing local interest.
That the Examiner was enabled to publish this statement is a source of pride, especially as
other papers working in the same field were defeated in getting at the pith oi the story.
The Examiner was not the first paper that said Butler had been known as Asbe.
The Call— and probably the other papers of the City— gave that "most important
news" long ago, and referred to it again on the day after the capture. The Australian
papers that arrived in this City about the middle of January had the same important
"news."
As to the interview with Butler, the prisoner made the following statement, which
■peaks for itself, yesterday afternoon:
CITY PRISON, Feb. 4, 1897.
To the Editor of the Call : In this morning's Examiner an article is published pur
porting to be an interview with me in regard to my affairs, my past life, aliases,
alleged residence in this City and the particular cases on account of which I am in
detention. 1 desire to repudiate the alleged interview, as it is entirely false. 1
granted no interview of the kind to the Examiner representatives, or any other per
son or persons. The story, therefore, is an absolute lie, calculated to misinform and
mislead the public and do me great injury.
Why the Examiner should so falsely represent me by publishing such an inter
view, which I did not give, I do not know, but I feel that it is a most despicable and
cowardly action against a man who is in peril and has no means of defending himself.
Again, I repeat that the Examiner interview is as false as it is malicious.
The Evening Post contained the following denial:
CIIY PRISON', San Francisco, Feb. 4. 1897.
The statements which have appeared in the morning papers, and in which It is implied
that I have stated certain facts, containing my past history, are pure and simple fabrications.
I have not as yet made any statement as to my life, ana will not do so until T am authorized
to do so by my attorneys. When lam ready to make such a statement It will appear over my
own signature. This will probably occur after the preliminary trial. Ido not tnke this course
from a desire to conceal anything that tne public should know, but I cannot afford to risk any
chances on my case. The statement that I have beeti rude and insulting to vUltors is bdso
lutely false. I have been uniformly courteous. lam glad to see strangers, and they need have
no fear as lo a cordial acknowledgment of their visits.
Newsiaper men may speculate in their columns and editors endsavor to make the public
believe that they have my confidence, but it counts for nothing. When I am ready to talk I
will atiest the genuineness of the interview by attaching my signature to the same. »
i Lee Weller.
Mr. Weller wrote these fe* lines in my presence and I attest their eenuineness.
H. S. Robinson, Captain of Police.
Hearing that Bntler had declined to become an accomplice in its fake interview of
yesterday morning, the Examiner had its men around him all last evening. They
apologized for having published that he insulted ladies who came to visit him, and
offered to make it all right if he would stand In. After an hour and a half the re
porters departed with something bearing Butler's signature.
To a Call reporter, later on, the prisoner said he had signed a statement to the
effect that the Examiner's story was all right. He had heen told, he said, that the
reporter who wrote the fake would lose hi? place, and as ha has not been here long
enough to know that what the Examiner wants i 3 fake-writers he believed the story
and signed the statement. He sxid, however, that he did it only becanse he did not
want to get any one into trouble, and in consideration that the Examiner should
correct the impression it had spread that he insulted ladies and on condition that the
paper would apologize. He said, too, that his statement to The Call, obtained witn
ont misrepresentation or fraud, was absolutely correct, despite what he signed for
the Examiner.
Captain Robinson was present when Butler signed the Examiner's ready-made
justification, and he, Butler says, joined in the request to help the reporter out of
trouble, and witnessed ihe signature, as he had done before.
LEGISLATION FOfi
SAN FRANCISCO
f Continued from Hrit race. J
ing of the City cemeteries should be left to
a vote of the people of the City.
Ex-Supervisor Burling declared the
agitation to bo incited by the San Mateo
cemetery associations who, he said, were
interested in the closing of the City ceme
teries so as to increase their own revenues.
By a unanimous vote the committee de
cided to recommend that the bill do not
pass.
William Clayton, the secretary of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway Company, appeared before the
joint committee in opposition to the
Braunhart bill for 2J^-cent fares on street
railways at certain hours of the morning
and evening.
He stated that the receipts of the com
pany for the year 1896 averaged $533 22 per
day and that one-third of tbis amount
was collected between the hours pre
scribed in the bill for making the reduced
rate. This would mean a loss of $78 74 a
day to the company. * The areument
mode that a reduction in rates would in
crease the traffic he pronounced to be
fallacious. He said the population of San
Francisco was not great enough to supply
tbis expected increased traffic. Many who
now ride at other hours, he said, would
take advantage of the prescribed half
rate hours, and thus the revenue of the
company would be still further dimin
ished. He asserted that no man of re
sponsibility would take the road as a gift
if this bill were passed.
Many other roads, he believed, would
have to be abandoned, as it would be
profitable to operate roads only on the
most-traveled streets, such as Market
street and Kearny street. Wages of street
car employes, he assure t the committee,
would certainly be the first to suffer if
any decrease occurred in the revenue of
the company.
Referring to the Toronto street railways,
which it has been stated were operated at
great profit under a reduced rate system,
he said the regular car employes there
were paid but 16 2-3 cents per hour, while
extra men received but 15 cents. In San
Francisco all car employes received 22
cents per hour. He also stated that rail
road supplies cost less there than here.
In conclusion he said the passage of the
bill wouid mean tbe practical confiscation
of the property of the roaa, and that the
company would have to retire from busi
ness. It looked to him, he remarked, as
if this legislation was in the interest of the
great Market-street Railway Company, as
it would force the little roads to fall into
the hands of that corporation.
George A. Newhall of tbe Presidio and
Ferries Railway declared that bis com
pany had $500,000 inverted in the road
and that it had earned no dividends for
the past six years. Last year ti.e com
pany lost $25,000 and daring the last five
years the company had lost 90,000 passen
gers annually owing to the traffic Having
beed diverted to other new competing
lines. He entered Into figures and showed
that the company would suffer a net loss
of $64 per day if the reduced rates were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
put into operation. He ended by declar
ing his company, too, would have to go
out of business.
At this Mayor Phelan was announced
as being present, and was asked to ad
dress the joint meeting on all measures
before the Legislature relative to San
Francisco. He declared that there was no
need of additional Superior Judges in San
Francisco, but was in favor of increasing
the salaries of such Judges from $4000 a
year to $«000. He explained that his
opinion on the latter proposition was
simply that of an individual.
So far as the Police and Fire depart
ments are concerned he saw no reason for
a general increase. He thought, however,
that the Chief of the Fire Department
should be given a salary equal to that of
the Chief of Police, which is $4000. The
Fire Chief is now getting but $3000. Dis
trict engineers of the Fire Department, he
believed, might also justly have their
salaries increased from $150 to $175, and
the secretary of the Fire Commissioners,
he suggested, ought to have his compensa
tion increased from $150 to $200 per month.
There was no urgent necessity, however,
he remarked, for increasing salaries in the
Police Department. The chief aim of this
measure, he declared, was to raise the
salaries of certain police officials, ndtably
that of Chief Crowiey. so as to permit him
to retiie on a good pension. Speacing of
pensions, he suggested that men at 60
years were still hale and vigorous in San
Francisco, and he thought the retirement
age should be extended to 65 years.
On the matter of low streetcar fares, he
thought that so far as the Market-street
system is concerned it would be no hard
ship to them to reduce the rates between
the hours named in the Braunhart bill. If
tbis perverse corporation, as he termed it,
would only learn from the experience of
other cities it would make such reductions.
'Many people," he said, "have been
driven away from San Francisco because
they could not afford to live in the
suburbs, as carfare was too high." A re
duction in rate* on the Market-street sys
tem, he declared, would tend to increase
the population of San Francisco. So far
as the Presidio and Ferries road is con
cerned he thought it would have to give
up the gho«t for the benefit of the woric
intrman. He expressed the came views
relative to the San Mateo Electric Rail
way. .
He favored the clo&ing of all the City
cemeteries, as they thwarted the growth
of San Francisco westward, the building
of a $75,000 fireboat and the election at
large of the Board of Equalization.
He was strongly opposed to the propo
sition of taking a census of the cities of
the State. He saw no use for such a pro
ceeding as it appeared to nim, so far as
San Francisco is concerned, to bo a cover
simply for creating desirable places.
No words were spared in denouncing
the present police judiciary, wbicn he
said did not require any additional court.
It was siciply inefficient, not inadequate,
he said. Cri me now went largely unpun
ished, and no one was ever imprisoned
where a fine could be imposed.
The committee was informed that Gar
ret McEnerney was preparing a constitu
tional amendment providing for the re
daction of the number of precincts in San
Francisco, so as to diminish the expense
of holding elections there. The immedi
ate object of this, he exnlained, was to
hold special elections for Freeholder! and
for a new charter.
||Senator Bulia of Los Angeles has a bill
pending providing that one street railway
shall not usa the tracks of another for
more than five blocks. Senator Bulla was
captured as he entered the chamber at
this point ana asked to explain to the
Mayor the object of his bill. He did so by
stating that it was to protect a certain
railway property in Los Angele* from
competition. The Mayor asked to have a
conference with the southern gentleman
and the latter agreed to the suggestion.
The offices of the County Clerk, Re
corder, License Collector. Sheriff and
other county departments were criticized
for alleged extravagance. He said there
was a tendency in hard times to create
places for friends who were thrown out of
employment.
Applause greeted the conclusion of the
Mayor's address. He stated that he would
remain here to-morrow, and would be
pleased to consult with the authors of
measures relating to San FrancWco.
Assemblyman Treacy called the Mayor's
attention to his bill, "preventing the de
pletion of the pension fund of the Police
Department by promoting officials just
previous to their retirement." His bill,
he declared, would save as much to the
city as would be required to increase the
salaries proposed in another measure con
sidered by the Mayor, his reference being
to Wolfe's bill.
Wolfe took the floor in behalf of his bill
and paid high tributes to the Chief of
Police and nis subordinates.
Assemblyman Dibble, speaking in refer
ence to the liulla bill previously referred
to, said the greatest evil California was
suffering from was the prohibition in the
constitution against special legislation.
He thought the words of the constitution
should be exactly reversed so as to pro
hibit the enactment of general laws when
special laws would answer.
He informed the members of the joint
committee that a constitutional amend-
ment was now in the Assembly providing
for the passage of special laws for special
interests and special instances by a two
thirds vote of the Legislature, subject to
the absolute veto of the Govornor. Such
provisions, he declared, would prevent
undesirable and harmful combinations.
Supervisor James Brut of San Francisco
expressed himself in favor of increases in
the salaries of the Chief of Police, the
captains and detectives, the fireboat and
reduced car fares.
1 Assemblyman Dibble asked the Mayor
to explain why he should object to the in
crease of salaries of certain San Francisco
officials when the charter which he sup
ported during the last election provided
for such increase.
Mayor Phelan answered by stating that
times had chanced, crops had failed and
other things baa occured to make such an
increase undesirable at this time. Inci
dentally he made reference to his election
being due to the Democratic voters.
This brousht Wolfe to his feet in a short,
eloqnent and impassioned speech. He de
clared that at the time of the election a
question of religion, which was a violation
of the spirit of the constitution, bad en
tered into the campaign. He asserted that
the Mayor owed his election not to his
advocacy of the new charter, but to the
vote of the fair-minded and broad-minded
men of all denominations and all political
parties, who were determined not to per
mit any religious question to enter into
the politics of San Francisco. Senator
Wolfe's remarks called forth hearty ap
plause.
A. K. Stevens, representing the Sutter
street Railway, appeared in opposition to
the 2'2-L-ent fare. He argued that the
aciionof the Legislature should be based
on facts and not on sentiment and theo
ries. The Sutter-street Railway, he said,
had a large capital invested and had
tended to develop the western portion of
San Francisco. This books of the com
pany, be said further, showed that for
the last eight years the large capital
locked up in the enterprise bad paid only
5 per cent a year, ana that for the nine
years prior it did not pay a cent.
C. L. Ackerman argued that the 2}4
--cent bill was a contemplated injustice to
a!i the smaller street railways, and that
the measure was one inspired by revenge
ful and vindictive spirit against the Mar
ket-itreet Railway.
He declared that Mayor Fhelan did not
have a dollar invested in street railroads,
because he was too shrewd a financier to
put his money into «-uch enterprises, as
he knew the profits were not what mc-t
people believed. He pleaded for fair con
sideration and a chance to be properly
heard as to all the facts and figures.
Senator Braunbart, the author of the
bill uuder discussion, declared he would
not consent to such a hearing as Mr.
Ackerman suggested, as that idea, he
thought, was suggested simply to buffet
the bill about from pillar to post. He
asserted that the Legislature had before
regulated carfares by statute and could do
so again if it saw fit.
Mr. Center, representing the San Fran
cisco Association of Improvement Clubs,
spoke against any increase in salaries of
San Francisco officials.
County Clerk Curry opened »,is remarks
by complimenting the Sheriff and the Po
lice and Fire departments of San Fran
cisco. He said that his predecessor had
neglected to collect over $100,000 in fees,
and the Mayor, whose duty it was to look
after the matter, could come into his of
fice at any time and ascertain where the
delinquents are. He added that it was
true he had employed more men than his
predecessors, but as a resnlt be had turned
Into the treasury $22,000 last year after
paying all the expenses of bin office,
which was more than self-sustaining. He
was willing at any time, he said, to have
his office investigated by the Superior
Judges of San Francisco or by the Demo
cratic Judges alone. He ended by speak
ing in favor of the adoption of a new char
ter two years i ence.
Senator Wolfe moved that the bill pro
viding for increases in the salaries of cer
tain police officials in San Francisco be
reported back with the recommendation
dv the Senate committee that it pass.
The motion was adopted. It was also de
cided to report the free-market bill favor
ably to the Senate, and at ten minutes
past 12 the committee adjourned.
Christian Endeavor Excursion Hate*,
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 4.— General Sec
retary Baer of the Christian Endeavor
Society made an announcement to-night
to the efleu that it had been decided
finally that the railroad rate for the San
Francisco convention be adopted. Tni*
means that the International Christian
Endeavor Convention will be neld in San
Francisco, July 7 to 12. The desired rate
of $51 for the round trip between Chicago
anj San Francisco has been gran led to
gether with other requirements as to
routes, time liraitß, etc. The tickets will
be good until August 15, with certain stop
over privileges.
Written Her ln*t Story.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Feb. 4.-Mrs.
Margaret Hosmer died Buddeniy of pneu
monia yeterday in tnis city. Mrs. Hosmer
was at one time a prominent and prolific
wiiter of short stories and a correspond
ent for San Francisco newspapers.
TO CCKE A COLD IX ONE DAY.
Take Uxatlve ßromoQuinine Tablets. AUdrug
guu refund the money U v tails to cure. 25c
TARIFF SCHEDULE
NEARLY FRAMED
Important Change Excludes
Importation of Mexican
Cattle.
California Fruit and Wine In
terests Will Be Fully
Considered.
Members of the Ways and Means
Coirmiitee Feel Gratfi-d at
the Progress M^de.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4.— The
work of framing the new tariff law has
been well advanced by the Republican
members of the Ways and Means Commit
tee and the United Associated Presses is
to-day enabled to report progressAvith the
leading schedules. The last of the formal
hearings of interested parties was given on
January 11, so that only a little more than
tnree weeks has passed. The chemical
schedule, which comes first on the list,
the glass schedule, the metal schedule and
the cotton schedule have all been put in
tentative form with some controverted
questions still open, and the agricultural
schedule was nearly concluded to-day.
The wine and spirit schedules in the Mc-
Kinley bill have been adopted without the
change of a line.
The most important change Is on live
cattle, which is covered by a blanket pro
vision of the existing law for all live ani
mals at 20 per cent ad valorem. The rate
under the new law will be $5 per head on
cattle more than a year old and 25 per
cent ad valorem on cattle valued above
$20. This is thought to establish a more
equitable rate than the McKinley law,
which imposed $10 per head on all cattle
more than a year old without regard to
value, and is regarded as sufficiently pro
tective against the importation of Mexi
can cattle.
The rate on barley is the McKinley rate
of 30 cents per bashel, which was de
manded by the American barley-growers.
Hay is put at $4 per ton, the same as in
the McKinley law, and hop 3at 15 cents per
pound, which is also an extract from the
McKinley law.
Vegetables all go back to the McKinley
rates, potatoes being put at 25 cents per
bushel, and flaxseed at 30 cents per bushel.
Other items upon which McKinley rates
are restored are salt at 12 cents per 100
pounds in packages, and 8 cents when in
bulk, starch 2 cents per pound, salt meat
extras 3 5 cents per pound, milk 5 cents per
gallon and poultry 20 per cent. ■
Eggs go back to 5 cents per dozen and
berries to the old McKinley rate.
Oranges and lemons will be adjusted in
a manner to meet the wishes of the Cali
fornia fruit-growers. The rates have not
yet been absolutely fixed, but will involve
a different classification from thai of the
McKinley law.
Under the chemical schodule, soap made
of caustic soda and kindred chemicals re
mains at the rate fixed in the Wilson law,
which is considered sufficiently pro
tective.
Tn« principal oils are left at existing
rates, except in the case of linseed and
flaxseed oil, where an advance was re
quired because of the restoration of the
McKinley duties on raw materials.
Refined borax is advanced from 2 cents
to 3 cents per pound, which is somewhat
under the McK'nley rate. Boracic acid
remains at 30 cents per pound, the rate
fixed by the existing law, while borate of
lime is increased to 2 cents per pound.
There are only slight cnanges in dye
stuffs and their elements. Lead, in ores,
is fixed at 1 cent per pound, pig lead at 2
cents and white lead and lead acetate at
2'^ per cent These rates arc considerably
less than those of the McKinley law.
Castor oil is left at 35 cents per gallon, the
rate fixed under existing laws. The cot
ton schedule has not yet been quite com
pleted, but there will be few chances, ex
cept on the fine yarns and costly fabrics.
The schedule was satisfactory in its con
struction to many of the manufacturers
when it was put in its present form and
they are asking only minor changes.
Wine* and spirits will be made satisfac
tory, if possible, to the California grape
growers and manufacturers, hut, as indi
cated, this can be accoraplisned by the
restoration of the McKiniey rates.
The iron and steel schedule, like cot
tons, was left in a fairly satisfactory con
dition to the manufacturers by the present
law, and they will not be changed except
upon a few special articles like tin plate
and cotton ties, and some of the makes of
tube steel. There may be some more
changes in surgical instruments and tools,
but the advances will not be large.
The duty on steel rails has not been
fixed, and the committee will endeavor to
obtain some further data before adopt
ing It.
The earthenware schedule taalso incom
plete but will be put upon a firm protec
tive basis.
The rates on decorated china were pat
exceptionally low in the present law, be
cause of irritation between the manufac
turers and their employes. The new
rates will be specific so far as practicable,
and plate glass will be subjected to ad
vances. G!a?s above 24 by 30 inches,
and not exceeding 24 by 60 inches, will
be left at the present rate of 22}£ cents a
square foot. The next bieher size will
also remain at the present rate of 35 cnts
per foot. The smaller sizes of plate glass
are advanced from sto 8 cents per foot
when not exceeding 16 by 24 inches and
from 8 to 12 cents per foot when not ex
ceeding 24 by 30 inches square.
The committee have talked over a few
other schedules, but have not yet reached
definite results. They are awaiting the
mestinc of wool prowers and manufac
turer* week after next before deciding on
the rates for these articles.
A rate of 8 cents per pound upon all
classes of wool has been suggested as a
probable compromise on the raw product.
The progress made indicates that they
will have the bill well in hand before
March 4.
Leading members to-day express great
satisfaction at the progress already made,
which covers nearly half of tne printed
test of the schedule.
Ball for Allru d Ha.,k Wrecker*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 4—Attorney
Charles Hartzell of Denver, Colo., peti
tioned the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals here to-day for a writ of error in
the case of the United States against C. H.
Dow, 8. B. McClurken and O. E. Miller,
convicted at a recent session of tho United
States District Court of wrtcking the Bank
of Comrcerce in the city of Denver. The
writ was uranted and defendants will be
admitted to bail in the sum of 110.000
each.
FREE SILVER FUSIONISTS.
The Long-Expected Address at Last Issued
to the Public Proposing Radical
Financial Reforms.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 4— The free
silver fusionists of lowa issued their prom
ised address to the people of the State
to-day.
It is signed by the nine members of a
committee appointed at a conference here
in December of the Democrats, Populists
and Silver Republicans of the State. The
address is very long and temperate in
tone. It recommends that the alliance of
the three parties be coniinu-d on the
same ba-iu as effected in vhe late cam
paign; that separate organizations be
maintained, but that all conventions, State,
National and district, be held at the same
place and at the same time, and that the
same candidates be named by ail.
The address then proceeds with a long
discussion of the political and financial
situation. It regards the results of the
recent election as a vicioryfor shyer, in
spite of the result in the electoral colleges,
and declares that there can be no perma
nent return of prosperity to the country
under the gold standard.
The fact that McKinley's election has
not brought a return of prosperity is
pointed to as an evidence that it will not
ultimately produce better times.
IySULTiyO XhlißO HA.SGBD.
H\» Life Paid the forfeit for a Sug-
getting Sot*.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky., Feb. 4 —
Robert Morton, colored, was hanged by a
mob two miles east of Rockneld, shortly
after midnight.
It is said that the negro, a son of a sec
tion hand at Rockneld, yesterday wrote
an insulting note to a Miss Johnson.
When this became kaown, a posse started
at once to arrest Morton. The officers gave
chase, capturing him nfter threatening to
tire several times. He was taken to a
house on tbe Russellville road not far from
town and placed under guard until hw
could be brought here. About 12 o'clock
a mob appeared at ihe house and over
powered the guards. The mob took the
prisoner away from them and then pro
ceeded about three miles from Rockfieid,
hanged him, and quickly dispersed.
7he Turkish Criti, .Still KxiMtn.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 4. -A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from St.
Petersburg says: The Novosti says: "It is
foolish to imagine thai the Sultan can be
held responsible for the recent events in
Turkey. It is the Mussulman popula
tion whom he has to consider, and that
population can only be conquered by war,
which would cost Russia as dearly as in
1878. If England or any other country
was to begin to bombard any Tuikish
town it would be the signal for a general
Christian massacre and war."
Chiraffo'a Dignity Sayt Thank*.
LINCOLN, Nebe., Feb. 4. — Acting; un
der instructions irom the Senate, Lieuten
ant-Governor Harris yesterday tele
graphed Mayor Swift, asking if shipments
of corn, freight charges prepaid, would be
accepted oa behalf of the poor of Chi-
capo.
Mayor Swift replied, thanking the peo
ple of Nebraska for their liberal offer, but
declining to accept outside donations, on
the ground that Chicago was well able to
provide for her destitute. N<> further ef
fort toward relief will consequently be
made.
Th* I.rndrillc Labor Trouble.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 4.— Tht. District
Court of Late County has been ordered by
a peremptory writ of the Supreme Court
to dismiss the case against the officers of
the Leadville Miners' Union, who were
indicted on the charge of murder. Judge
Owers of Leadville had refused to grant a
change of venue or to call in another
Judge to try the officers. When the Dis
trict Attorney entered a nolle prosse the
Judge refused to accept it and announced
that the trial must proceed immediately.
To Frotnota Trad* With Canada.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 4.— Two hiah
Canadian official j arrived here to-day en
route from Ottawa to Washington, where
they expect to meet representatives ot the
Republican party and bring about closer
trade relations between the dominion and
this country. They are the Hon. Sir
Richard Cartwright, K.C.M.G., Minister
of Trade and Commerce, and the Hon. L.
H. Davies, Minister of Marine and
Fisheries.
H*artf Snowfall in Kansa*.
ATCHISON. Kan., Feb. 4.— Snow 2^
feet deep covers Northeastern Kansas.
Lighter snow prevails in Northwestern
Kansas. The snow is still falling rapidly
and promises to be the heaviest of the
season.
I*»»»««t/frnii»<i Iron- Horker Dead,.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 4.— John T.
Kilgalon, secretary of the Amalgamated
Association of Iron and Steel Workers
since 1892, died to-day, after a brief illness
from Bright's disease
Rrpair* on the fruiter Brooklyn.
CHESTER, Pa., Feb. 4— lt is probable
that the cruiser Brooklyn will be ready to
leave her anchorage on Sunday, provided
there is no further damage done in the
meantime.
M'KENNA IN THE CABINET
Continued from First Paa*.
ceived no definite word yet from General
Goff. ri
This statement indicates that the ques
tion of his acceptance of a place in the
Cabinet is still under consideration.
J. Addicts Porter, Major McKinley's
private secretary, will be here to-morrow.
Airs. McKimey is expected to return
from Chicago on Saturday.
The name of Dr. Beware- Webb of Shel
burne, Yt., has been presented to Major
McKinley for consideration as a Cabinet
possibility, and was being seriously
thought of, whan, owing to illness in his
family and business engagements, he
asked General T. 8. Peck to visit Cauton
and withdraw his name.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 4.— Mark A.
Hanna was the leading witness in a libel
suit here to-day, growing out ol heated
politics ia this county during the last
campaign.
Last March the Commercial-Gazette and
one other journal in this city charged
State Senators Magce and Flynn with
receiving money irom Chairman Hauna
to pay campaign expenses in this county
in consideration for their support of Major
McKinley for President. The Senators
denied this and entered suit for criminal
libel.
Mr. Hanna's deposition was taken ana
he denied that he ever made sucii a propo
sition to Messrs. Magee or Flynn. On ac
count of the illness of one of tbe defend
ant's attorneys the case was postponed
until next Monday, but Mr. Hanna will
not tiave to appear at that time, as bis
testimony of to-day will be read to the
jury whan the case comes up.
Mr. Hanna was introduced to the court
and waa the center of attraction in the
courtroom.
"FALSE AND FOOLISH
OBJECTION TO RUM"
Senate May Exclude Liquor
From the National
Capitol.
Id justice of the Shutting Out of
an Immigrant's Igno
rant Wife.
The Fourth Day of Vila's Speech in
Opposition to the Nicaragua
Canal Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4—As soon
as the routine morning business was dis
posed of in the Senate to-day the House
bill was taken up to prohibit the sale of
intoxicating liquors in the Capitol. It had
been reported by Morrill (R.) of Vermont
from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Ground-, and he desired its passage
while declaring it was unnecessary and
was based on a misapprehension in the
public mind.
Sherman (R. ) of Ohio took a Bimilar pry
sition. Even though it was based on false
and foolish grounds he thought the Sen
ate ougnt to meet the popular objection
and pass the bill.
Hill (D.) of New York took a different
view of the duty of the subject. He de
nounced the bill as silly, unwise and un
necessary, as a weak yielding to an alleged
public sentiment which regarded murder,
robbery and burglary as minor crimes in
comparison with a disregard of prohibition
laws, and as vicious and cowardly. He
moved its reference to the Committee on
Rules, whose jurisdiction extends specifi
cally to ail that concerns the Senate res
taurant, but that motion was defeated—
ay es 27, noes 30.
At the close of the morning hour the
bill went ovrr without aciion. It will
probably be taken . up for action to
morrow.
The next question was the conference
report oa the immigration bill. The dis
cussion on this was short, as Lodge (R.) of
Massachusetts, having charge of It, recog
nized the justice of the objections made 10
it by Hill and other Senators in re
gard to shutting out the ignorant wife of
an immigrant, while the husband might
pass the reading and writing test. Lodge,
himself, made the motion that the con
ference report be disagreed to and a new
conference ordered, and that motion was
agreed to without objection. While it was
pending Carter (R.) of Montana remon
strated against the provision intended to
exclude Canadian workmen, as it would
jußtiiy the Dominion of Canada in
adopting drastic measures against the
10.000 American miners who found con
stant work and good wages in the Koote
nai country in British Columbia.
The Nicaragua canal bill was taken up,
and the remainder of the day's session
was occupied by Vilas in opposition to it,
this being the fourth day of his speech.
He argued that the duty of the United
States in the matter of the canal is to have
a survey made and a complete plan pre
pared, and then to confer with Great
Bn tain, Germany and France as to thecon
struction and maintenance of the work.
He had not finished his speech when the
Senate adjourned.
Proceeding* in the House-
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4. — Con
sideration of the bill making appropria
tions for the expenses ot the District o!
Columbia for the year ending June 30,
1898, engaged the attention of the House
to-day to the exclusion of almost all other
business, and at adjournment it was still
the unfinished business.
The further conference asked by the
Senate upon the immigration bill was
agreed to and conferees were appointed.
Among the few bills passed in thecourM
of the day were the following: Granting
rieht of way through the Gila River Res
ervation in Arizona to the Hudson Reser
voir and Canal Company. Granting a
pension of $50 a month to the widows of
General J. B. Carr and General John
Huff. . •
MR. FRANCISCO GARCIA.
TTENTL'RA (CAL.). MR. GARCIA IS ONE OF
" the finest looking men within a day's walk
of Ventura. He is able to hold bis own with
all the young men or this place. When I was
introduced to him I remarked his strength,
and he told me it was only a while ago when
he was out of sorts, all run down, no appetite
and troubled with sleeplessness. He was ad^
v.sed to and aid use Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla. He told me exactly what hundreds have
before said. He soon began to sleep at night,
his bowels became regular, his appetite re
turned, and he was enabled to do a good day's
work, eat a fair share of iood. and sleep his
allotted hours. Now ha weighs 180 pounds,
and in all his movements shows tno perfectly
healthy man. Speaking of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, ho said: "I did not use the
remedy until 1 had been advised to do so, and "
then 1 aid not put much faith in it, but now I
can safely say that Joy's Vegetable Harsapa
rllla is a great remedy, and that it clarifies the
blood, leaving no bad effects on the entire
body. I never had a sing c pimple or blemish
on my face; I never had the least disagreeable
feeling while I used Joy's Vegetable Sar.-apa
rilia. Of course I was not astck man, yet I
felt out of soru and was beginning to lose
flesh. Yes, I do recommend Joy's Vegetab.e
Saraaparilla." HENRY TILLMAN.
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Veue- .
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claiming
to Day its advertising bills is * fraud.
Don't let the drug clerk taU you into
buying sornot.iing else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, He laugh 3at you when
you leave the corner store with a substi.
tuie. Watch him.
DR.MCMLTY.
WELL KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLl>
»- Special l«t cures l'rivate,Nervous,Htoo<luiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 rears' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally : 6:30 tnB.3oev'«fs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion fre« and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE McMLTT. M. I>.,
26'; Kearny Street, San Frandaco, Cnl. ■ ■
BRUSHESS^SS
brewers, • bookblndera, c«ndy.mai£er«
dyers, flounnUla, foundries, laundries. SJSS
hangers, prlntert, painters, shoe fa^rittiitaSS
toaa. ULNoofers, tanners, tailor., etoT^SPAIN'S OFFER
TO THE CUBANS
The Royal D scree Promul
gating Schemes of
Reform
Not Popular at Hom3 as It Is
Regarded as Too Liberal for
Insurgents.
Spiin Will Regulate the Tariff at
First and Maintain Public Oid r
All the Time.
MADRID. Spain, Feb. 4. —It is an
nounced that the roya! decree promul
gating the scheme of reforms in Cuba,
which had been prepare! by Premier
Canovas and Senor Castelianos, Minister
for the Colonies, was signed by the Qaeen
.Recent to-day. The document covers sev
eral pages of the official gazette, and addi
tional detail? of its provisions, which were
obtaine i by a rrrre>-!ita:ive of the United
Associated Fre-se?, show the following
provisions of the scheme:
One of the principal features of the plan
is the creation of a Cuban assembly, which
will be known as t c Council of Adminis-
iration. This body will be composed of
thirty-five members, of which twenty-one
will be elected by popular vote and s>ix by
the ieadine municipal and provincial cor
poration?. The remaining eight members
will consist of a leading magistrate, a uni
versity professor, an arch-episcopal dele
gate and n>e ex-Senators or Deputies. All
measures desired by municipal and pro
vincial councils, which may be disap
proved the governor-general, can oe ap
pealed to by the Administrative Council,
and finaliy referred to the colonial minis
ter at Madrid.
The municipal and provincial councils
will nominate the municipal Judges and
the Council of Administration will frame
the budget and draw up a customs tariff
under the proviso that a protective mar
gin of 40 per cent at least shall be allowed
to Spanish goods against foreign goods.
The customs officials must be Cubans.
The Governor-General of the island is
«mpowered to appoint the high officials,
but they must be Cubans or Spaniards
who have r<-sidpd on the island ior two
years. These officials include the magis
trates and prefects. The municipal coun
cils-general will elect their own Pre-i
--dents and control the administration of
education.
The Government reserves full power to
maintain public order and may adopt
measures even against these reforms
whenever such measures may be needed
to supress rebellious movements.
The Government will reguiate the tariff
until a Cuban tariff is decided upon.
As previously announced, the Cuban
representation in the Senate and Cham-
ber of Deputies will remain as heretofore.
The publication of the plan has made a
."bad impression in Spain, as the scheme is
generally regarded as giving everything
to ibe Cubans.
The scheme provides that Spanish prod
ucts entering Cuba shall be granted a
rebate of 40 cer cent as compared with the
duties imposed on foreign products.
WILL KEEP VP THE IJOHT.
A Cuban Say Jheif Can Conquer Spain
and finvern ' /iem<« lvet.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 4.-Senor
Tomas Estrada Palma, the Cuban dele
gate, when interviewed to-day concerning
the proposed reforms in Caba, gave out
4he following statement :
"Had genuine autonomy instead of
sham reforms been offered to the people
of Cuba before they rose in arms, the
Cubans would surely have accepted it,
and, therefore, bloodshed and total devas
tation of the island would have been
•verted.
"If the Cuban people did not accept
these sham reforms then, and rose in arms
for independence, how would they accept
them now and enter into any kind of com
promise which has not for its basis the
nbsolute independence of the island?
They are sure of success, and one thine is
ceriaiD— that is that the Cubans never
again will place their necks under the
Spanish yoke.
"They have proved so far that they are
able to conquer the Spaniards and eovern
themselves."
This was .all that the Senor had to say
with regard to the Spanish promises of
reform, but other members of the Junta
talked more freely.
"Spain," said one of them, "will never
grant to Cuba the autonomy that England
gives to Canada. Instead of real auton
omy Spain desires to get Cuba again in
its power by granting it reforms winch
are virtually meaningless. In fact,
Cubans generally do not believe that
Spain is capable of being just, and we do
not beJieve that Senor Canovas and
Colonial Minister Castellanos can formu
late or devise any reform without preju
dice or bias.
Were Cuba now to accept autonomy
from Spain it would be a virtual surrender
on the i art of the Cubans. A treaty be
tween Spain and Cuba must have lor its
basis the absolute independence of the
island of Cuba."
SPA.SIARHS ABUSE A GIRL.
A. Cultured Toting L a d y Banlßhed for
Sympathy With Cub ins.
TAMPA, Fla., Feb. 4.— Among the ar
rivals on the Olivette this morning was
Clemencia Arango, a sister ol Colonel
Arango of tae iusureents in Cuba. She is
the daughtei of the late Dr. Araneo, the
" noted physician of Havana, and a young
lady of rare culture and intelligence. Her
, brother being an officer in tne Cuban
■army, she was naturally thought to be a
sympathizer with the cause of liberty and
information on which to base an edict
banishing her from the island. A few
day* ago she and two others, who are in
Key West, received the following notice
from the Government:
Under the reserved seal of the Police De
partment of the city of Havana, bearing date
of yesterday, his Royal Highness the Governor
Bays:
Through the Secretary of the Government,
dated the 16th inst., I am Informed as follows:
Having seen the information (riven by the
civil Government, dated the 13th inst.,con
<ernin? certain citizens of this city, to wit:
Mrs. Kose Cigerra, Miss C'lemeucia Arango
and MHs Emilia Cordoba, that, ou account of
their action iv favor of the Cuban cau'-e, they
are deetued connected with the insurrection,
end all the more dangerous because they are
women.
The captain-general, on agreement with the
proposition of the civil Government, haa de
creed with to-day'a date that time women
shall be banished from this island, and they
are hereby prohibited from returning until an
express edict shall be issued permitting them
to do bo. They are ordered to leave within
three days, commencing on the day they were
notified, together with the intelligence that if
they should not abandon the island at ihe end
of the time stated they shall be imprisoned as
long as the war shall last. I hereby notify you
to fulfill his royalty's orden.
Juan CEBBOS, Inspector Third District.
HAVANA. Coba, Jan- IS.— When the
time for her ciepuriure came she was taken
into a room at the Custom-house and
stripped by a woman. Her shoes and
stocking were Uiken off and her clothing
tnoroughly examined for information she
might 'be bringing tue Cuban Junta in
America. "»\hen she went on board the
steamer the same process was pone
through again to make assurance doubly
sure. It la not certain whether she will
reside here or go to New York.
A telegram was received in this city to
day saying General Aranguin nad burned
Guanabacoa, within six miles of Havana.
nit. BETA* Ci>Uit f ACQCITIEIK
Cont*il-lirn*ral to the I.* cue Of an
American Lady in l'ri*on.
HAVANA. Ciba, Fob. 4.— The trial of
Dr. Gasper Betancourt, who was arrested
on December 8 last as a political suspect,
took place to-day, and resulted in his ac
qittal.
He was at once released, but was placed
at the disposal of ihe civil Governor. It
is suspected that Dr. Betancourt was act
ing as a go-between for the insurgents and
their sympathizer-! in ttie United States.
There was no evidence produced at the
trial to prove that he was connected in
any way with the rebellion.
The steamer Manuela arrived here to
day from Nuevitas, province of Puerto
Principe. She brought twenty-two politi
! cal prisoners, including five ladies who
| are relatives of prominent insurgents.
The men were imprisoned at police
headquarters, arid the women were placed
in the house of refuge.
As soon a^ Consul-General Lee learned
that Se^.ora Rodriguez, who is an Ameri
can laciy. was among the prisoners he re-
I quested her immediate release, basing his
i request upon a promise made by the
| Government when she was arrested. It
I is expected that she will be liberated to
morrow.
James W. Luckenbill, a musician of
Porterville, Pa., committed suicide at the
Saratoga Hotel here by shooting himself
through the heart. Consul-General Lee
took charge of the body and ordered its
burial.
More Trouble for th' Ihree Frirnilt.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. Feb. 4.— As
soon as the steamer Three Friends returns
from her trip down the coast, sne will be
seized by the Collector of Custom's, at the
instance of the District Attorney, and
will be held by him until the attorney files
a libel for forfeiture against her, in which
it will be alleged that she was used to com
mit piratical acts upon the high seas and
within the waters of the kingdom of
Spain.
Jtouzism ton .iXXiCXA-TIOS.
A San Franeitco Lady M*rtina a IH
rorc Suit in Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 27 (via Vic
toria, B. C, Feb. 4). — Co.onel McLean, for
two years in command of the military
forcea of this Government, has resigned
on account of disagreement with the of
ficers under him. He is credited with
having brought the force into a high s:ate
of efficiency.
Two leading half- white royalists, J. L.
Kaulukou and C. G. Hopkins, have come
out publicly in support of annexation.
Both wera successively Marshal of the
kingdom under Kalakaua.
Mrs. \V. W. Diniond is actively meeting
her husband's divorce suit witti counter
charges. She wants divorce with alimony
and the custody of her child. Her return
from Sen Francisco was unexpected and
m-ide a commotion in the other camp.
Ex-Envoy L. A. Thurston goes East on
the steamer Poking for three months' ar>
sence on private business. He is com
missioned by no public body, but may
work some for annexation on his own
account.
GOVERXjitEXT CRISIS IN FRASCE,
A Xlarrou) Escape from Being Over
thrown by the Urputiet.
PARIJ;, France, Feb. 4. — It was only
through the itrenuous efforts of M.
Menne, Prime Minister and Minister of
Agriculture, that the Government was
saved from being overthrown in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day.
On Tuesday, during the debate on the
sugar bill, M. Herbert moved that boun
ties should only be paid to growers
three-fourths of whose employes were
French. The Government opposed the
motion, but the Chamber, by a vote of 221
to 219, decided to consider it.
The mo ion was discussed to-day, and it
found many supporters. It looked at one
time as though the Government would be
defeated, but eventually, through the
active work of M. Meline. enough votes
were secured to defeat it, but only by an
extremely narrow margin. The vote in
favor of the motion was 232 to 234 against
it, the Government thns having a
majority of only two. Eventually the
bill in Us entirety was agreed to by a vote
of 282 to 238.
JtJBBOMS FROM THE CZAR.
Sent Them to a German Regiment A anted
in Hii Honor.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 4.— The Em
peror Alexander Regiment, so named for
the laic Czar of Russia, paraded in the
Lustgarten to-day and received ribbons
which Czar Nicholas had sent to decorate
the standards.
The parade was attended by Emperor
William and a number of nigh officials.
A luncheon was given by the officers of
the regiment later. The Emperor was
present and proposed a toast in honor of
the Czar.
He begged the messenger who had
brought tue Czar's gift to convey his
thanks to his Majesty. He recalled the
brotherhood of arms of the Russian and
German armies, and referred to the Csur
heading at Breslau recently the regiment
whose name would ever be a symbol of
the relations between their respective an
cestors.
EXGZ,A>Ii' S h A TTALIOXS.
Lan»dou,ne E r pl ninerl ,„„ Scheme for
the Artnv'* Be organization.
LONDON, Eva., Feb. 4 -In the House
of Lords to-day the Marquis of Lansdowne
explained the War Department's scheme
for the reorganization of the army with a
view of bringing the battalions at home
to a higher state of efficiency and aug
menting those abroad in respect of full
ness of ranks and numbers of organiza
tion*.
The scheme which the Governmeut had
formulated, he said, included atnonp other
tuinga the addition of two battalions to
the nuardi, making nine battalions in al
and the employment of three of them
abroad. It was also intended to add a
battalion each to the Highland Malta and
West Indian regiments and 3000 men to
garrison artillery.
The Prince oi Wales was an attentive
listener to the debate on the lecture.
Hin Loritihip Hat a *on.
LONDON, Enq., Feb. 4.— Lily, Dowaper
Duchess of Marl borough, wff« of Lord
Wiiliam Beresford and forraely Mrs.
Louis Hummersiy of New York, gave
birth to a son at 11 o'clock this forenoon at
Deepdene, Dorking. The mother and
child are doing wall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
IVORY REACHES
A FRIENDLY SHORE
He Shed Tears of Joy at
His Enthusiastic
Reception.
May Bring an Action for Indem
nity lor False Arrest Against
England.
Claims That the British Polici Manu
factured the Evidence to Be Used
to Convict Him.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 4.— The cen
tral figure among the cabin passengers on
board the steamship Majestic, which ar
rived from Liverpool to-day, was Edward
J. Ivory, alias E Iward Bell, wno was re
cently released from jail in London by
the British authorities after their charges
of alleged conspiracy to injure life and
property Dy dynamite had b°en aban
doned by t tie prosecution.
Ivory was accompanied by John F. Mc-
Intyre, former Assistant Di-itrict Attorney
of New York County, and three witnesses
who went lrom here to testify in Ivory's
behalf.
Tie Majestic was sighted off Fire Island
at 10 o'clock this morning and arrived at
Quarantine about noon. Ihe large ocean
steamer was met at Quarantine by the
steamer Laura M. Starin with a reception
committee on board, composed of mem
bers of the Irish National Alliance and
prominent Irishmen from all parts of the
country, and friends and sympathizers
ready to welcome Ivory back to America
and freedom.
As the Majestic slackened her speed
Ivory and his counsel, John F. Mclntyre,
stood upon the upper deck and waved
their hats and handkerchiefs to the crowd.
They were transferred to the Laura M.
Starin, but before leaving the Majestic
Ivory indignantly denied the report that
he had received £10,000 from the British
Government, nor had he received 5 cent 3
28 indemnity for his incarceration. He
said he certainly would not go on a lectur
ing tour through the country, but tnat he
intended to liva in his home in Harlem
just as quietly as he had done Defore he
went aoroad.
Mr. Mclntyre said he had been very
cordially ana courteously received by
counsel on the other side upon his arrival
in London, and had been accorded full
charge of the defense in Ivory's case. He
declined to discuss the case in detail just
then. The Ivory party was most heartily
received on board the steamer Laura M.
Starin, which at once proceeded to the
city, where the party was landed.
After Ivory, Mclntyre and the three
witnesses were transferred to the Starin
they were immediately surrounded.
Ivory's friends embraced him, and the
reception drew tears from his eyes.
As soon as comparative quiet was re
stored President Lyman of the Irish
National Alliance bade Ivory welcome
back to New York. He said the entire
powerful machinery of the English Gov
ernment had b*en brought into play to
convict Ivory. Mr. Lyman complimented
Mr. Mclntyre on the part he had played
in defending Ivory. "If England ever
again attempts to convict an innocent
Irishman," be said, ''the must reckon s c
has to deal with a combination on this
side of the Atlantic who will defend his
intfreits to the las:.' 1
When Mr. Lyman had concluded there
were loua cries for Ivory. Mr. Ivory in
response to the demands for a speech
bowed his acknowledgments. He wa»
about to speak when Charles O'Connor
McLaughlin, secretary of the Irish Nation
al Alliance, delivered his address of wel
come to him, Mr. Mclntyre and the three
witne?ses. Ivory tnen made a brief reply.
"I must say," oe said, "thatever since I
was able I did all I could to advance the
cause of Irish freedom and nationality.
There is nothing, however. I ever did for
Ireland I am sorry for, and tnere is noth
ing I ever did that could raise the blush
of shame to my cheek "
Mr. Ivory ai*o spoke enthusiastically
of Mr. Mclntyre's efforts in his behalf.
This was the signal for another outburst
ot cheers for Mclntyre, wno made a short
address in response. He *aid that the
lawyers who had been engaged to defend
Ivory had advised him to plead guilty.
"They told him," he said, "that there
was no hope of an acauittal, and that there
was evidence of an incriminating character
whi. h would send him to a felon's tomb.
i lelt that justice must prevail. I saw
Ivory, talked with him and told him not
to plead guilty, for I saw no evidence
which would justify conviction. Ivory's
immediate response to me was: 'I will not
plead guilty, and I never intended to do
so.' "
Mr. Mclntyre then went on to tell of
the trial. He declared the proceedings
showed tba" Scotland Yard manufactured
the evidence for the purpose of sending
Ivory to prison. "1 say that the testi
mony against Ivory was manufactured,"
cried Mr. Mclntyre, ''upon my character
and a« an American citizen, by Inspector
Melville and the crowd of Scotland Yard
for the purpose of procuring an indictment
against Ivory.
"Ivory, it is true, was accorded justice,
bui it was done under pressure. I want
to say now that the reason Ivory was ac
quitted of the charge was because fee was
an American citizen, and because they
knew the United States Government was
willing to back him up in the event of in
justice being done him. Ivory is here.
He has come back, and in a free man once
more. It is the duty, however, of Ameri
cans to stand tty Irishmen when they are
in difficulty. Ivory does not deny that he
is a Fenian, or that he wants to see Ire
land free once uiore."
At this juncture there were loud cheers
for Ivory, Mclntyre and the witnesses.
Ivory took a clipping from his pocket and
hande i it to Mr. Mclntyre, whispering
something to him. "Mr. Ivory," Mr. Mc
lntyre said, "has asked me to d?ny a
statement published in one of the news
papers thai he received $50,000 from the
English Government as an indemnity for
his arrest."
There was great cheering as Mr. Mcln
tyre concluded his address.
Father Murphy of Boston then made an
address.
There was a big crowd gathered at the
Battery pier when tne Laura M. Starin
was tied up there. The crowd went wild
as Ivory walked down the gangplank, ac
companied by Mr. Mclntyre. Hats were
tiunc in the air, canes were waved on
high, and Ivory was surrounded by an
enthusiastic throng. He shook hands
with everybody near by, and he and his
party then entered cabs and were driven
to the oflice of the Irish National Alli
ance, in tne Potter buildinc.
The gathering there was purely infor
mal. A number of friends and members
of the alliance gathered about, but they
saw very little of Ivory, as he was closeted
with Mr. Lvroan, General Keiwin, Colonel
P. J. Cody and one or two others. It was
said tu&t the purpose oi tuc conference
was to decide regarding the urging of a
claim for unjust imprisonment against
Great Britain. As a result oi the confer
ence Mr. Mclntyre was directed to look up
international law bearing on ivory's case,
and it sufficient grounds can be found a
claim for Indemnity for false arrest and
imprisonment will bo made through the
State Department at Washington.
Mr. Ivory went untown to his place at
One Hundred and Twenty-third street and
Lexington avenue, where a big crowd was
waning to give him a rousing welcome
home.
A SANTA FE STATEMENT.
Reasons Why It Opposes a Proposed Re
duction of Freight and Passenger
Rates.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 4 —The Santa
Fe Railroad Company this afternoon sent
a memorial to the Legislature on the pro
posed railroad legislation. The memorial
is signed by E. P. Ripley, and among
other things it says:
"The largest taxpayer and the largest
single interest in your State appeals ior
justice — it wants nothing more. Its in
terests are indissolubly involved with
those of your constituents. It can only
prosper as the State prospers; its prop
erty cannot be removed. It has suffered
in the depression of recent years as
severely as any interest in the State; it is
now struggling to earn for its owners not
an adequate return for capital invested in
it, which is impossible under present
conditions, but a small Interest on
a fraction of its cos". In earlier and more
prosperous times the Atchison, TopeKa
and Santa Fe, like most of its fellow
citizens in Kansas, permitted itself to ex
pand too greatly, for it built railroads as
citizens built towns — in the belief that
they could be sustained. The belief
proved to be lallacious, and as a conse
quence the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe has upon its hands some 2500 miles of
road in Kansas, mucn of which does not
pay operating expenses, and nearly half
of which contributes little or nothine to
payment of interest on the company's
debt. Yet there is not one of these
branches that Hoes not serve many com
munities, not one so poor that citizens of
its territory could do without it, so we
all must stay in Kansas and nope for
better times."
The memorial, which is very lengthy,
then goes into the situation in detail,
giving figures to show that a reduction in
the present freight and passenger rates
would not only be unreasonab;e, but
wou<d make it impossible for railroads to
as business and pay operatinc expenses,
and in the case of branch lines drive them
absolutely out of existence.
Mr. Ripley offers to throw open all the
books of the company to prove his state
ment? regarding the condition of the
road.
THE McKINLEY TARIFF AGAIN.
Campaign Pledges to the farmers of the
Country Will Be Kept by Repub
lican Leaders.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 4.— A Herald
special from Washington stays: The Re
publican leaders propose to fulfill their
campaign pledges to the farmers of the
country by a general increase in the tariff
rates on all agricultural products. While
tne Republican members of the Ways and
Means Committee have not formally
drafted the agricultural schedule of their
new tariff bill, they have practically
agreed on moat of the items.
With the exception of cattle, nearly
every farm product in the schedule will
be returned to practically the McKiniey
rates. The duty on catile, wh;ch is -0 per
cent ad valorem under the present law,
and which was $10 per head on cattle more
than 1 year old and $2 per nead on 1 year
old or under in the McKiniey act, will
be somewhat leas than under the McKin
iey act, but will be hi h enough to keep
out most of the Mexican cattle which
under the present law are brought into
the United States to be fattened in Kansas
and neighboring Stated before being sent
to market.
This change in the du-ty on cattle will
not be satisfactory to ail of the cattle
farmers of the country, for a considerable
number of men in Kansas, Colorado and
other States have found it much more
profitable to feed Mexican cattle for the
market than to raise the stock on tneir
farms. While the cattle-raisers of Texas
are thus to be eiven only a part of the
protec;ion they enjoyed under me Me-
Kmley law, the growers of barley, hay,
hops, beans ana other products with whsch
similar products in Canada come into
competition are to have a return to the
McKiniey rates on most artic.es.
The hens along the border are also to
have a return to tne McKiniey protection
of 5 cents per dozen on tue ee^s laid by
the hens of Canada. Butter and cnee^e
makers of New York are al>o to have the
duties on those products increased from A
cents per pound to 6 cents, and the raisers
of vegetables, whose principal competi
tion comes from the early vegetables grown
in the islands, are to have a substantial
return to McKiniey protection.
JVO P t.RMA % t.S 1 i'ROSPBRITY.
Jieport of A«*r lork Chamber of Com-
mrrce Committee cm Finance.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 4.— The regu
lar montuly meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce was held to-day. Tne meeting
was well attended. The committee ap
pointed to attend the monetary conference
in Indianapolis, suoiniited its report
through its chairman, John Han&en
Rhoades.
In submitting the report, Jdr. Rhoades
spoKe in the most laudatory terms of the
action of the convention and the men who
participated in its deliberations. He pre
dicted that there can be no permanent
prosperity until the existing evils of ltu
currency and banking system are reme
died.
The report re?iews the proceedings of
the convention and the report adopted by
it, and says: "It is hoped and believed
that the action taken at this convention
will meet not only with the approval of
the banking and mercantile interests of
the country, but be followed by the people
at large, who will insist to tneir repre
sentatives in Congress that patriotism
should rise above partisan feeiinc, and
that all shall unite in one effort to restore
and maintain the credit of the Govern
ment and give to commerce and trade a
sound, solid, safe and elastic banking sys
tem.
"Submission to existing conditions is no
longer po-sible. The dangers ahead are
threatening, and something must be uone.
Your committee believes thai the action of
the convention has formulated an oreani
zation which can and will bring relief. It
has meant, and still means to do it. It
has not adjourned sine die, and wili not
so adjourn until its work is completed."
Isador P. Strauss moved that a com
mittee be appointed to consult with the
powers that be, and have embodied in the
call for an extra session of Congress a
request thai in addition to the tariff, the
monetary question be also considered.
The motion was adopted.
MISSOLIiI MVAALII T.
Five lean' ImpriMontnent for lufldrlity
and Fines for Jh I irtinff
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Feb. 4.— lf a
bill wbicu was introduced in the House
to-day becomes a law a married man who
is convicted of infidelity toward his wi:e
will be punished by a term of five years'
imprisonment in tlie penitentiary.
Representative Rcod has introduced by
request a bill which makes flirting with
female passengers on trains by conductors
and brakemen a misdemeanor, and the
ratlrou H . corporation will have to pay a
tine of $25 for each conviction.
Kentucky Lute-: an £.ducator.
LYNCHBRG, Va., Feb. 4.-Profeßsor H.
H. Harris of the Louisville Theological
Seminary, died here this afternoon.
j NETSr TO-DAY CLOTHING.
EEaSfIK a#flB9 BBj^B. j*-' / \ Bk^l ' ' r '**S
- bbbbßbP^^^^- \\jC 'bbbbbH
; SbhbHmS3S«W ■' ' 7v^^ /bbbbbbk
Bb^bbbbhu£lSSwJ^Bw g jti* mc jyi * ta ~v ,bbb ■■■ -
ii,,. . ■** tfgar*. -. x V^^BBBBB»9JBJr.' l vißßk. BBBBBBVBBPBVABBk ■- ■ \ '888l
JCTi n &frZ ■ -■ r~ • f*tt!s**rt*?^SD BBBVV^"--— " "- tV'/ \ /BBbI
-QgML^-J^WWj^y^'^ JWrj|4HH"BrIBfK^SJL ■BBBBBY^N^jP flB
c^^Ssßh^bv I v*^ V/ **s^bbbt ' fe lui
BSBSSm I %^L/ T -^^bbbbbbbm bf \ vi . ° li «
ggggßf / p^ v ' Wmifl - • B7 \i ''i-L jjjmmS'm
TJ^ i ■< iff /|< W f
THF TAKEN
A Tumble!
®®<sxs)®«®®sk«)(^^ Friday and Saturday
sale that will pass into the
■ annals of commercial his-
i Jg^%. <i -^m -4- tory as two of the most re-
l V^ liH mark able days of reckless
ev^^sse®*^® cutting of prices that's ever
occurred in this city or any
other city in the United !
EVER REACHED States.
ON PRICE WILL The Big Store has for its
BE NAMED BY object to make this the
US TO-DAY. greatest sale ever made in
its onward and upward
m®9'9m®®m®®®®® history. The values will be
the greatest that we ever
offered.
\\ff\ t*"4~ V% Over 600 handsomely tai-
* * "1 I*ll lored Overcoats, serge
lined, models of beauty
Hp| I**^*^ an excellence, in smooth
1 111 CC Worsted Cheviots, Thibets
and Meltons, with deep
i r^% m velvet collars, in all colors,
I I IT! SS blue, Havana brown, black
\ and auburn melton ; Over-
coats that are worth 3
I \^\^\rpk times o, but prices have
1 1 V %*• taken a tumble and we say
for pick, and a big pick it is,
®®®«®®S®®®®®®®®® ffo _ —^
,v T $5.00.
Now —
®®®®<sx®®®®®®®®<^ We have treated the Suits
in a like manner. Those
w~^ • natty Blue Cheviot Suits in
i—H I "\ J £3k single and double breasted
mL M. ▼ %^ styles, black as well are in-
©(gxsexsxsxsxsxs^ ' eluded* We never stop at
trifles. Such a thing as a
% i <g loss we welcome cheerfully.
\X^ TnA When the doors of the
f.ik3 Lilt' Big Store are open- this
®«®®®®^sxs®®s^ morning you can have your
pick, and a big pick it will
—^ # be, for
Price! $5.00.
500 pairs of English
Tweed Trousers, all color-
ings and, all wool ; Special
to-day at
$1.65.
RAPHAEL'S
( Incorporated),
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearay Street
Challenge
®€<^®®®®®®®<SXS®®®®(« ®®®® t>
Price for
«)®®®SXa)®®Si®«<»)®®®®4;®«®
Friday and
Saturday!
What a wonderful' mag-
net that 7 is.
Even with the awful
weather that we've been
having your big store has
been crowded to the doors.
Nothing else did it but 7
and the big values.
Ask any one about town
about 7. They'll tell you
it's the most wonderful sale
of values, it's a grand tab-
leau to the end of all our
sales.
The very cleverest of pret-
ty overplaids, with fly front
vests, handsome Scotches
in new Spring colorings,
the ever popular Blue and
Black Serges, made and
built by artist tailors.
The big taker of the sale
has been those Royal Ker-
sey Overcoats in blue and
black, with deep velvet col-
lar.
Three times seven would
be nearer right for 'em.
Until Saturday night at
$7.00.
"Yes," you'll say, as
many others said yester-
day, "three times seven is
nearer right for 'em."
All the new Spring blocks
in Hats, in Havana brown,
j otter, silver gray and black.
Hatters' price $2. Special
at
_95c~
34
INQUIRY INTO THE
UKIAH MURDER
Ybarra Now Denies in Toto
That He Killed His
Employer.
Two Witnesses Before the Cor
cner Who Saw Him Wield
the Knife.
Preliminary Examination Set for N xt
Monday — The Victim's Funeral
Largely Atterded
UKIAH, Cai.., Feb. 4. — An inquest was
held this morning on the body of Benja
min Henderson, who was yesterday
stabbed to death by a man in his employ.
Tue Coroner's jury found that deceased
Tvas 6'J years of age and a native of Scot
land, and came to his death by three
Knife wounds inflicted upon him by one
Gregorie Ybarra, who is the man under
arrest.
The testimony of William Owens, who
was an eye-witness to the affray, was
substantially that Henderson had ordered
Ybarrato go out and skin a sheep that
had died during the night. This, it ap
pears, the man was unwilling to do. The
next Owens saw was the prisoner stabbing
the deceased. He says the latter had a
two-by-four scantling about three feet long
In his hand, but did not, so far as Owens
saw, strike Ybarra with it. Witness de
scribed the means employed by him to
stop the flow of blood from Henderson's
neck. He died, as stated, about three
minutes after the last blow was inflicted.
John McPherson, also an employe on
the ranch, stated that he heard consider
able noise and that this attracted bis at
tention. AH be saw wa3 the prisoner
cutting at Henderson for the last time,
and that while Ybarra was cut. ing him
Henderson was lighting him off with his
bands. He saw no stick in the latter's
possession.
The prisoner now denies in toto that he
inflicted any wounds upon Henderson,
but admits that he had some difficulty
with him in the early part of the morn
ing and that Henderson struck at him,
but that he simply pushed Henderson
away and did not cut him. He denies all
knowledge of the killing, and claims that
he was in his cabin until he was arrested
by the officers.
The knife that he yesterday stated he
was using in peeling potatoes at the time
of the affray was found by the officers at a
camp occasionally used by the prisoner in
summer, and which is situated about a
quarter of a mile from where Henderson
was stabbed. The knife seen in Ybarra's
possession en the day of the killing by
several parties, and ■which he was to use
in skinning the sheep ordered by Hender
son, has not yet been iound. The pris
oner claims that the knife recovered by
the officers is the only ens he ever had.
At the autopsy heid on the body last
evening by Dr. G. \\ . Stout three knife
wounds were discovered, two of wuich
migtit be termed fatal wounds. The
wounds were all on the left side of ttie
dead man's* body, and therefore evidently
inflicted while he was facing his murderer.
One wound was in the neck, about mid
way between the ear and the collarbone,
extending to the bone, ana severing the
jugular vein and carotid artery. The sec
ond was just below the shoulder, striking
the fifth riD. The third was between the
eighth and nimhribs, about eight incbes
from, the backbone, penetrating the cav
ity. Each of the wounds was about an
inch in length.
The preliminary examination of Ybarra
has been set for next Monday at 10 o'clock.
The funeral of Henderson took place to
day, and a lar^e cortege followed the body
to the grave, at the Masonic Cemetery.
He was buried under the auspices of
Abell Lodge No. 146, F. and A. ML, of
which organization he was a prominent
member.
FLOODS AMD WASHOUTS NORTH.
Much Damage Frcm the Constant Rain
and Landslides — Sen Francisco Mail
Pouch Lost.
EUREKA, Cal., Feb. 4.— As a result oi
the constant lain of the past four days
reports of rising rivers and railroad wash
outs are coming in. Eel River is a foot
higher than at any time this season and
cutting its banks badly. An immense
number of drift lops are coming down and
all cable ferries are tied up. Mad River is
al*o higher than usual, and washouts on
the tracks of the Eureka and Klamath
River Railroad on one bank and the Ar
cata and Mad River Railroad on tbe other
fc.de. near Vauces are reported. Neither
is serious.
Slides have also occurred on the Eel
River and Eureka Railroad, near Swau
gers, and on the Pacific Lumber Com
pany's branches near fc-cotia. In conse
quence trains ar*ail delayed and overland
ruail is one day late ou account of the
Scotia slide.
The mail-carrier's horse, while ronnding
Sliiveleys Biuff on Eel Eiyer, near Scotia,
at 11 o'clock Tuesday, night, shied at a
email slide in tbe road arvi jumped over
the bank into the river. The rider saved
himself, but horse and pouch were lost.
Tne pouch contained letter mail, which
left San Francisco Sunday for Eureka and
points north.
LUX USTATB C MAX GK.
It. 31. Helmut It Appointed to Succeed
J. H. ' ampbcll.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 4.—To
day witnessed the beginning of another
chapter in the estate of Charles Lux, de
ceased. Several days ago a notice was
filed in the Superior Court by D. M. Del
mas, representing the German and absent
heirs of eaid deceased, directed to J. H.
Campbell, notifying him that he (Delmas)
would to-day ask the court for an order
substituting him as counsel for said heirs
in place of said Campbell in all further
proceedings of the administration of said
estate.
Pursuant to the said notice the matter
came up for hearing before the Superior
Court this morning. Campbell failed to
appear, and the order of substitution was
accordingly made. Campbell is the attor
ney who has been drawing the princely
salary of $1000 per month for the last
eight or nine years, but which was dis
continued some two or three months ago
by an order of the court.
AKJZOSA'S lItKASVHER SUED.
Complaint Alan filed Against Bit
Bondsmen for 912,000.
PfICENIX, Axiz., Feb. 4.— To-day the
Attorney-General hied a complaint against
James A. Fleming, late Territorial Treas
urer, and his bondsmen in two official
bonds given by him while hejwas Treas
urer, for alleged breach of botb, for the
sum of 112,100.
The complaint alleges that Fleming,
while Territorial Treasurer, demanded of
his predecessor as such Treasurer, and re
ceived from him as such Treasurer, funds |
of the Territory which came into his
bands on account of certain transactions
with certain Territorial funding bonds
from Seasongootl & Mayer, and that on
his retirement from the office of T/easurer,
instead ot delivering the money to his suc
cessor, as his successor did to him, he car
ried it out of tne treasury and refused to
surrender it to his successors or to the
Territory, although demands have been
made for the money.
Tue action is in two counts, one against
the bondsmeu on his general bond and ihe
other against the bondsmeu on tue addi
tional bond required by the funding act,
under the terms of which, it is alleged.
Fleming received the money and was
empowered to receive it. The action goes
on the theory that all money received by
the Territorial Treasurer, as such, on ac
count of the Territory, if kept or con
verted, and not turned into tne treasury,
to be held by the successor, is
a breach ot t:ie official bond that
authorized the Treasurer to receive it, and
a breach of official duty, too, which ren
ders the bondsmen liable.
territorial Official* Jteappointnd.
PHCENiX, Ahiz., Feb. 4.— Governor
Franklin to-day sent the following ap
pointments to the Council for confirma
tion: Auditor, C. P. Leich; citizen mem
ber of the .board of Control, T. J. Woli
ley; Superintendent of Prison, M. J.
Nugent; Superintendent of Asylum, H.
A. Hughes; Superintendent of Instruc
tion, E. E. Dalion; Territorial Treasurer,
T. K. Farrish; Attorney-General, J. F.
Wilson. All are incumbents.
FIRE AT REDWOOD CITY.
Great Damage to the Grand Hotel and
Instruments of the Telegraph and
Telephone Companies.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 4.— At 7
o'clock this morning an alarm of tire was
turned in at station 2 at this place. The
fire was discovered in the office occupied
by the Postal Telegraph Company and the
Sunset Telephone Company, situated in
the back of the Grand Hotel building. It
was noticed first by John Conover, one of
the proprietors of the hotel, who attempted
to extinguish it by throwing on a bucket
of water, in consequence of which he
received quite a severe shock of electricity.
The tire company soon appeared and
extinguished the flames, thougn not be
fore considerable damaee to the building
and instruments of the telegraph and tele
phone companies had been done.
The cause of the conflagration is vari
ously accounted for, one theory being
that the local electric-light wires, which
in many places are quite loose, had dur
ing the sto-m become crossed with the
telegraph and telephone wires, thereby
overcharging the latter, with the result
that the current left the wires and ignited
some papers lying on the operating-table.
Another is that the wires were surcharged
by reason vf the electrical disturbances
noticed in the atmosphere early this
morning. The entire telegraph and tele
phone apparatus was burned out and
damaged beyond repair.
On learning of the fire the officials of the
telegraph and telephone companies sent a
man from San 1- ra::c.s-co to replace the
damaged instruments with new, which he
says luay take three or Jour days to do.
The operator lost all the messages sent
through the office during the last month.
The damage to the building wes entirely
covered by insurance.
JIOXTEREI'b VUWJCB PLAST.
Uperatfqns on the Darn and Flume to Be
Returned.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 4.— The Mon
terey Power Company will resume opera- !
tions on its dam and flume near the
mouth of the Little tiur River, twenty
miles down the coast from Monterey.
Major Philip P. Dandridge, the civil en
gineer, arrived several days ago from Red
ding and has been perfecting arrange
ments in this ctiy for material to be used
in the construction of the flume, power
house, etc. Ha will leave with a force of
workmen ior the south as soon as it is pos
sible after the present rainstorm.
Tnis power company was organized here
about two years ago and commenced oper- j
ations on the cam and water flume, but J
owing to some legal difficulties in regard |
to water rights, etc, was compelled to dis- 1
continue work after almost completing the I
dam. Everything now being settled, the
company will begin the construction of a
plant at the .Little Snr River costing $45,
--000. Major DandrUge will have full
charge of the work, and expects to com
plete it in August.
The operating of this plant includes a
flume two miles long and a large Pelton
water-wheel to generate the power. The
Dower so generated will be transmitted by
electricity to Monterey and Pacific Grove,
where it will be used for electric light,
! street railway and other purposes. The
i company claims it will be able to deliver
about 1200 horsepower. The power-house
will be built on the bank of the Sur and
the distance for trie power to be transmit
tea from the power site to Monterey 11
twenty-two miles.
PAJARO hAh.V t. lit' IXSTIIUIMC.
-First y.teting to Jle Il'ld In Wattonrille,
Jitf/\nning To- Itay.
WATSON VILLE, Cal., Feb. 4.— The
Pajaro Valley farmers will hold their
first institute on Friday and Saturday
in Watson ville, under the auspices
of the Pajaro Valley Fruit Ex
change. Proiesaor E. J. Wickson and M.
E. Jaffa of the Slate University will con
duct the institute. They will deliver ad
dresses of interest to farmers and fruit
growers. Addresses will also be niudo by
E. F. Adams, P. W. Morse, Mrs. M. A.
White and W. T. Gilkey. The subjects
will include sugar beet culture, floricul
ture, horticulture, pruning, diseases and
pests, cattle feeding, co-operation and
university education.
SAXTA CBVZ LECTURE BBRIKS.
To He Opened by Professors Griqgs and
Jorttan.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 4.— The Cali
fornia Lecture and Scholarship Association
recently formed in this city, will begin a
series of lectures at the opera-house to
morrow night. Professor E. H. Griggs of
Stanford University will lecture on '"Self
culture Tnroueh the Vocation." Presi
dent David Starr Jordan will deliver the
second lecture in the course. This asso
ciation has a weil-devised plan for fur
nishine lectures at a moderate price for
admission, and also contemplates provid
ing university scholarships for persons
who lack the means of attaining a higher
education by ordinary methods.
nhelter of the Salvationist*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 4.— The rir»t
month's operation of the Salvation Army
Shelter shows that institution to have
been self-supporting. During January 941
meals were served and 293 lodeings pro
vided. Donations were received amount
ing to $82, and that amount was expended
in necessities for the establishment of the
shelter.
Carton's r.neaptd fr'toner* Recaptured.
RENO, Nev., Feb. 4.— Two prisoners
who escaped from the State prison Mon
day night were captured at Cedar Flat,
about twenty mi.es north of here, this
morning by Constable AicNally and Dep
uty Lerper. They were tracked by the
officers from here to the point of arrest
through a blinking snow and rain storm.
Ihe prisoners were returned to the Siate
prisok? at Carson this morning. The ar
resting officers will receive a reward of
|200 for the capture.
To Jmprore the +orrca*t Serriee.
RIVERSIDE, Cal, Feb. 4 — Professor
Harmon, Government forecast official, is
here to- lay consulting with orange-grow
ers with a view to improving the forecast
Bervice lor Southern California, especially
wuii reference to frost prediction.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1597.
CARSON CITY IS
FULL OF ACTIVITY
Signs of Life to Which It
Has Long Been a
Stranger.
Stuart's Fartner Returns and Dis
cusses the Programme for
the Fight
Great Preparations for Entertaining
Visiting Sports— Corbstt Leais
in the Betting.
CARSON, New. Feb. A. —William Wheel
ock, Dan tftuart's partner, arrived here
to-day. He went at once to A. Livings
ton's saloon and the two were closeted for
an hour. On coming out of the conference
he exhibited a telegram from Stuart say
ing that both Corbett and Fitz-immons
would train in Nevada and would be on
their way this week and that Stuart would
reach here Sunday or Monday.
When asked about the location, \Vheel
ock said that would be settled on Stuart's
arrival, after loosing into the facilities in
everyway; that he had never given any
information about location in any man
ner, as he did not know and would not
know until Stuart's arrival. He remarked
that he would remain either here or in
Reno until that time.
When asked about the prospects of a
good attendance, he said everything indi
cated a very big attendance, especially
from the large cities, where special trains
were being chartered by Board of Trade
men and brokers, and that San Francisco
was thoroughly awake and would send a
big delegation.
Regarding Federal interferenca be said
teat matter gave him no concern what
ever. He said they bad the best legal ad
vice in the country on that point months
ago, and the opinion of Judge McKenna
only confirmed it
Virginia City people have now aban
doned the idea of bringing off the fight in
so high an altitude as the Comsiock and
are for Carson almost to a man. The
Carson promoters now depend on Storey
County to see that they get the mill as
against Reno, ana know that the com
bined forces can repeal the bill if Carson
is not solected as the battleground. Be
yond this there is nothing new, and
things will remain in abeyance until
Stuart arrives and starts up the machinery
apain.
The city is filling up with strangers
looking about for places to start up vari
ous kinds of businesses in order to catch
some of the money expected to begin to
circulate here about the Ist of March.
Carson is already beginning to receive
benefits from the proposed i"u.'ht, the Vir
ginia and Truckee Railroad having put a
fores of men to work in their shops get
ting cars in condition for the transporta
tion of visitor?.
It is positively stated that Fitzsimmons
will trrin at Shews Springs ana Corbett
at Steamboat Springs, these resorts hav
ing both been recently placed in rirsi
clasa condition. Betting on the contest is
even, Corbett, however, being a little the
favorite. A large crowd gathers at the
depot every day to watch arrivals, it being
thought that the pugilists will dron in as
quietly as possible to avoid being bothered
by newspaper men, etc., until they become
settled and rested.
EXCITED SPORIISO Jtf£>.
Seek to Learn Why Fits Tore Up the
Agreement.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 4.— Sporting
men from all parts of Greater New York
crowded into the apartment* of Al Smith,
final stakeholder for the Corbett-Fitzsim
moiia fight, at the Gilsey House this morn
ing to learn what would be the effect of
Fitzsimmons' action last night at the
Bartholdi Hotel, when he tore up the
stake agreements after the papers had
been Bent to him for bis signature. All
sorts of rumors had been circulated among
the sporting fraternity last night and this
morning, most of which were to the effect
J that the tight had been declared off.
Mr. Smith said: "Fitzsimmons merely
destroyed an old agreement as to stakes
which has no bearing on the riant what
ever. What his reasons were for tearing
up the paper I cannot say. It was prob
ably another exhibition of his extremely
eccentric nature."
The paper which Filzsimmons destroyed
was an agreement which he and Cor
bett signed some time ago to fight for a
side bet of $5000 before the club offering
the most flattering inducements before
March 1,1397.
Manager Brady, who looks after Cor
bett's interests, decided to renew the
agreement for the fight on March 17 if
Fitzsimmons agreed. It was the exten
sion of this agreement which awaited
Fitzsimmons' signature when he tore up
the papers.
Fitzsimmons did not give any particular
reason for wanting the agreement de
stroyed, but it is said by persons who
know him that he wanted to give Corbett
an opportunity to raise the side bet if he
wishes it.
WAXTS TO MEET ttIIARKRI.
Matter Will fight for $10,000 or Less
Aeanf Month in Mtvada.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 4.— As both
Maher and Kharkov intend to challenge
the winner of the Corbett- Fitz;immons
tight next month, John J. Quinn, man
ager, and Michael Connolly, backer, for
Maher, to-night niade the following
proposition to Sharkey :
Peter Maher will fight Sharkey in Ne
vada for any purse Dan Stuart will offer
and a Bide bet of from $5000 to $10,000. If
Maher don't win th« match he will not
challenge the winner of. tbe Corbett-Pl!z
simmons fight. If Sharkey is defeated,
then Maher is to challenge the winner of
the big battle.
"Maber, "said his manager, "is satisfied
be can easily defeat Sharkey, and has no
doubt about his being able to defeat
either Corbett or Fitzsimmons. We de
sire the public to know that Maher is
willing to meet SnarKey and show that lie
can defeat him, and be fully entitled to
challenge the champion, no matter
whether it be Corbett or Fitxsimmons."
STOCKTOA'S lii.M'll SHOW.
Kennel Club in a Quandary Veer the
beltctien of a Judge.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 4.— The Stock
ton Kennel Club is still in a quandary
over its next bench show. It wants to
cancel its contract with Mason and have
J. Otis Fellows judge tlie dogs, but Mason
will not have it that way. The !a:est move
is to hire Fellows in addition to Mason
and divide the work. It is thought that
each might make some reduction from his
original price, and that such a thing would
be ol benefit to the show. It is thought
that most of the members are in favor of
this, and it will be brought up at a meet
in-' to be held to-morrow night.
Dr. Davenport, who went to San Fran
cisco last night as a member of the advis
ory committee of the Pacific Coast Advis
ory Board of the American Kennel Asso
ciation, returned to-day, and action was
taken on tue dispute over the question of
judge*. The meeting is liable to decide
whether or not a dog show is going to be
held, as if the wrangline goes on and the
committee do not get to work the prepara
tions cannot properly be made.
COUESI.\G AT BACRABIENIO.
Canines to Conteit in the J'arle Event*
Xrxt Sunday-
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 4. — The
following is the drawing of the dogs en
tered for Sunday's races at the coursing
park :
Maloney &. Holland's Lady M vs. A. Harbin
*on'g Little Hocdoo, Bchulz & nought's Go Aa
You Please vs. Williams & Raiuey's Alkali
Boy, J. Doherty'a Prince Leal vs. J. P.
Heenan's Harry S, T. Malouey's Old Jack vs.
D. Reid's Tarn O'Shanter, Sells & Horton's
White Flyer vs. AlcMahon & Mangan'» Pansy.
Ash & Mitchell's Orphan Girl vs. J. Sheban's
Diamond Edge, J. Corcoran's Pride of Arizona
v«. Devlne & Lipman's Lissak, Ed Walsh's
Geraldine vs. Moloney & • Holland's ? Lady
Butter, Spain & McDonald's Eureka Girl vs. T.
Farrell's Lass of Gleii6h<s, H. Blue's Uncle Ike
vs. Ham«« & Lamm's Normal. Ed Canavan.
judge; William O'Xail, blipoer. Prizes, $15.
¥10, $5. *'
■Fought Aenr San Jote.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 4.— "Kid" Evans
of San Francisco knocked out Matt
Simichi in six rounds in a barn on the
Swickard place, nine miles south of the
city, at an early hoar yesterday morninp.
Simichi weighed about 135 pounds and
Evans was ten pounds hphter. About
seventy-five sports were present. Five
ounce gloves were used. Evans exhibited
tne mo>t science throughout the tight,
and lioored Simichi three times in the
sixth round, hnally knocking him out
with a heavy right on the bead. The fight
was for a purse and the gate receipts.
SAN JOSE CHINATOWN FIRE.
Properly to the Amount of $40,000 Is
Destroyed— List of the Principal
Sufferers.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 4.— Sixth-street
Chinatown was the scene of a $40,000 fire
about 5 o'clock this morning. The block
bounded by Cleveland avenue. Clay, Du
pont ana Sixth streets, comprising five
brick buildings and a number of wooden
shanties, was entirely destroyed. The fire
started in a shed in the rear of the build
in* occupied by Wy Kee Hong it Co. as a
general merchandise store, and was dis
covered by Night Watchman Wheeler a
few minutes before 5. The firemen fought
the flames for over three hours and pre
vented them from spreading to adjoining
blocks. Tne buildings wer* occupied by
stores and lottery games, and overhead
were lodging accommodations. The prin
cipal losers were general merchandise
dealers and are as follows : Wy Kee Hong
& Co., |14,000, insurance $8000; Long Jan,
insurance $3000; Fong Chuck, $700;
insurance $500; Chee Wah and Yung J£ee,
$8000. The buildings were owned by A.
Heinlen, whose loss is about $12,000, some
of which is insured.
MUttDKHOVa ASBAVLT.
JJrunUeu Laborer Attait* Bit Wife With
• i Jittteher- Knife.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 4.-J«m« Pow
ell, a laborer residing at 440 Delmai ave
nue, was arrested to-day on a charge of
trying to kill his wife. Powell loaded up
with whisky yesterday and went home
Irst night and assaulted his wife with a
butcher-kniie. He was disarmed by a
19-year-old son. He then secured a razor,
but was again disarmed and ejected from
the house. He returned to his home this
mornine and tried to resume hoaiilities
and was arrested.
Powell was arraigned before Justice
Guss this afternoon, on a eharze of assault
with a deadly weapon. His examination
was set for February 8. In default of fIOOO
bail he was remanded to the cuetouy of
tde sheriff.
Arrestrd for -felony Embetiletnsnt.]
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 4.— Ben Bern, a
former saloon-keeper of this city, was ar
rested at Irving'.on to-day on a charge of
felony embezzlement preferred against
him at Salinas. He was lodged in the
County Jail in this city, and will be taken
back to answer to the charge to-morrow.
Bern purchased a saloon on credit in
Salinas, disposed of the stock of liquor
and then skipped with the proceeds.
While c imaged in business in this place
he was arrested on a charge of embez
zling a piano, but tbe case was squared
out of court.
Succumbed to Amputation,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 4.— John Hoff
man, an old gardener, who fell and broke
lila leg while entering his home in an in
toxicated condition about a mouth ago,
died at the O'Connor Sanitarium last
night as a result of the amputation of his
leg. The deceased was a native of Ger
many, and 73 years of age. He had no
relatives in this country.
THIEVES INFEST VALLEJO.
Pensioner Knocked Down and Robbed of
$72 — The Officials to Have a
Tramp Roundup.
VALLEJO, Caj,., Feb. 4.— Anthony
Bmith, a pensioner and veteran soldier,
was enticed under the Georgia-street
bridge by two young fellows with whom
he had been drinking in a saloon near the
railroad crossing last evening, and
knocked down and robbed of $72. One of
the men, Frank Hussey, was subsequently
arrested and locked up. The other man
is unknown to Smith.
The town is infested with a lot of tramps
and others having little known work to
do, and it is the intention of the officers
of tbe law to round them all up and rid
the town of them.
At 11 o'clock last night a man was halted
at the corner of Georgia and Marin streets
and at the point of a pistol ordered to
dance a jig. Upon hesitating three pistol
shots were fired in the air over his head,
with a warning that the next shot would
go through him if he did not comply with
the demand of the young sport holding
the weapon. The dance commenced and
was kept up until » crowd began to gather,
when the younc ruffian slipped away.
rALLgJU JMfKVrSMEMTS.
Contracts Lit for Several Job* by the
City Trustee*.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 3.— A contract
was let by the Board of City Trustees this
afternoon for constructing an annex to
the branch County Jail in this city, the
successful parties being Henry Ralston of
San Francisco for one Bessemer steel cell
and iron work for tbe same for $490, and
J. J. Thirion for brick work and altera
tions, $1350. J. C. Eilgcumbe was awarded
the contract for tbe construction of a lot
of four-foot siaewalks in various parts of
the city for 17 cents per foot.
Cottage Or ore t dinr J>ir* of Apoplexy.
COTTAGE GROVE, Ob.. Feb. 4.— This
morning about 9 o'clock K. P. Tuorp, ed
itor of the Cottage Grove Leader, was
fouad lying dead, face down, in a pool of
water a quarter of a mile east of tins place.
A doctor, who arrived at the place soon
after, said that Thorp waß stricken with a
severe attack of apoplexy.
Can He tvuini mt .Sate in.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 4.— John Case,
one of the men suspected of being impli
cated in the Southern Pacific tram hold
up near Roseburg, writes to a Portland
paper that he can be found whenever the
officers want him. He is in Salem, and
says that he has not been in hiding before
or since tbe robbery.
JURY DISAGREES
IN SANDERS' CASE
Stood Four for Acquittal
and Eight for Con
viction.
Discharged by Judge Webb, Who
Sets the Next Trial for
March 15
District Attorney Snow Will Not Rest
Until H? Has Secured a
Conviction.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 4.— After deliberat
ing twenty-four hours without being
able to agree, the jury in the case of W.
A. Sanders was discharged just before
noon to-day by Judge Webb. Eight men
were for conviction and four for acquittal.
Ten ballots were taken, but the result re
mained unchanged.
As soon aa he had discharged the jury
Judge Webb reset the case of the people
against W. A. Sanders for trial on March
15 next. Nothing was said about the bail
of the defendant, nor did he make appli
cation to have it reduced. The four jurors
who voted for acquittal were John C.
Moore, William Lloyd, D. A. Dunbar and
R. L. LeonbarL Mr. Leonhart acted as
foreman of the jury, and just after the
court formally discharged it he asked the
Judge if the members were not forbidden
by the law from discussing under any
circumstances what transpired under their
deliberations.
"No; you can talk all you want to now,"
was Judge Webb's reply.
The jurors who voted for conviction ex
pressed some dissatisfaction at the action
of the four men in the case. It appears
that there was very little argument in the
jury-room. Mr. Leonhart seemed to be
the only one who would engage in any
discussion.
"We could have argued the case until
doomsday," remarked District Attorney
Snow this afternoon, "without changing
the minds of these jurors."
It appears that the main point advanced
by Mr. Leonhart, as spokesman for tho.se
favoring acquittal, was the testimony of
Albert L. Stetson and Charles H. Cham
bers, who believed they had seen Wootton
in San Francisco after February 1, 1894.
.None oi the jurors cave any considera
tion to the testimony of Robert Anderson,
who said that Sanders had tried to manu
facture testimony for his defense.
Professor Sanders and bis wife feel much
encouraged over the result. They had not
expected an acquittal, and iheir hopes for
a disagreement were realized. The de
fendant's bail at present is placed at
$5000, which he cannot furnish. Hit at
torney, Frank H. Short, stated yesterday
that he would probably move to have the
amount reduced. This was the second
time his trial had resulted in a disagree
of the jury, and the defendant's attorney
thinks of course that his client ia entitled
to have bis bail fixed at a lower figure.
District Attorney Snow is determined to
secure a verdict in the case. He stated
to-day that he will prosecute the case
again "with all the vigor that is in him."
He stated that be would resist any motion
for the reduction of Banders' bail.*
IBJtieA.TIOX ICL.KCTIUXB.
Lively Interest Manifested in the Alta
and Suntrt IHttriclt.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 4.— On Wednesday
the election of officers in the Alta and
Sunset Irrigation districts were held. A
lively interest was manifested, and they
resembled the regular elections in solicita
tion of votes, etc. la the Alta district,
which embraces the southern part of the
county, the following Directors wero elect
ed: Banger division, Joseph Burns; Fow
ler divißion, Edwin Gower: Kingsburg
division, W. H. Shafer and Paris Green
tied; Wildflower division, O. H. Marshall;
Monroe division, Thomas Martin; Col
lector, C. P. Walton; Assessor, C. N. Bur
ton, Treasurer, V. I. Willis.
Only three of the divisions in the great
Sunset district on the west side have been
heard from. The contest here was very
strong, tbe residents being divided on the
question of carrying out the stupendous
project to pnmp water from tbe Kings
River to irrigate a vast territory of land.
In division 1 L. H. Martin was elected
director, J. M. King in No. 4 and Joseph
Meadows in No. 5. No returns from Nos.
2 ana 3 have been received as yet. Martin
and Meadows arc for tbe maintenance of
the district, while King was elected on the
anti-district ticket.
JFV"«nn h'otitpads Held to Anttrrr.
FRESNO, Cat-, Feb. 4.— James Wilson
and Frank Hall, the two footpads who
held up several citizens one night about
two weeks ago and who were afterward
captured on the Stockton boat by Deputy
Constable Henry, had their preliminary
examination before Judge Austin to-day.
They were held to answer in $2000 bail
each. They were positively identified by
one of the men they robbed.
pacific osorjs mrjßicbiox.
Multitude* of Small fish Washed on the
Braeh and Cnpturrd.
' PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 4.-A curiout
phenomenon is causing great interest to
tbe citizens of this city among the pines
and tbe visitors from tbe East and else
where who are here are wondering what
sort of a town they nave got into. At low
tide yesterday a New Hampshire man
who was walking along the cliff above the
beach noticed that each wave of any siza
would as it rolled in bring with it a quan
tity of small, apparently live objects
and leave them as it receded. When
he examined more closely he was amazed
to find that the squirming things were
sardines and mackerel and seeing that
they wera in perfect condition he captured
a «w of them.
Or. his way he told of the wonder be had
come upon and soon the beach on both
sides of .Lovers Point was lined with eager
tishermen and women. As soon as the
tide rose, however, it was no longer possi
ble to pick up the fish from the sand, but
as tbe waters immediately adjacent to the
beach were full men went out in small
boats and by dragging nets, or even com
mon potato sacks, bad no difficulty In
making a rood catch. Hundreds of sea
birds were about to dispute for possession
of the fish and the racket they made was
considerable.
The explanation of the phenomenon a3
eiven by the local fisberm-n is that the
sardines ana mackerel were driven so far
into shore by their natural enemies,
whales and sealions, both of which have
been frequenting Monterey Bay of late,
that they ran Into shallow water and so
were caught by the waves and carried up
to the sand.
ttaitiaHto'a Central Point.
6AUBALITO. Cal., Feb. 4.— A new
building is to be erected on Water street,
in Sausalito, by Mr. Bass of tbe Bass-
Heater Faint Company, which will be oc
cupied by the postoffice under Miss
Thomas, who took formal charge of the
postoffice yesterday, succeeding Henry
Crumpton. The Sausalito News will oc
cupy tiie entire too floor of the building
and Marshal Creed will engage quarters
downstairs. Almost the entire business
of the town authorities will be conducted
in the new building, as the Recorder and
Town Clerk will have apartments there
also.
ORDERED OUT OF PORTLAND.
Burr Ferguson, a Most Notorious Confi-
dence Operator, Must Seek
Pastures New.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 4 —Burr Fergu
son, one of the most notorious confidence
operators in the country, claiming to be
seekine recruits here for the Cuban army,
was ordered out of town to-day. In 1888
he married *he orphan daughter of a
once weil-known citizen of New Orleans
possessed of considerable wealth, among
which was $30,000 in bank. T c honey
moon had !-carcely been obscured by what
is nnjusily termed matter-of-fact married
life when Ferguson's first criminal act
became notorious.
It was laic in the year of his marriage
that he drew $J5,000 of his wife's money
out of a bank on a forged cneck. Early the
following year he made his advent in
Honolulu.
Meanwhile Mrs. Ferguson's friends
urgently suggested that the officers of the
Department of State at Washington be
asked to devise some means to bring this
scoundrel back to New Orleans; but Mrs.
Ferguson, being of a retiring and sympa
thetic nature, declined to sanction the
adoption of pucli a measure.
News of Ferguson's infamous delin
quency did not reach the islands until
long after he had won favor at the dusky
court and had married into a branch of
the royal family. The expose occurred in
1891.
The affair was not allowed to appear in
the papers, and for prudential reasons it
was not loudly discussed on the street
corners of Honolulu. Ferguson was sent
away from the islands, but not without
carrying a considerable sum of royal gold
com with him. lie then kept from puolio
view until 1894, when he was arrested in
Boston for counterfeiting, but he was not
convcied. Since then he has been in the
toils in several other cities lor confidence
operations.
TO PASSENGER AGENTS.
Chairman Caldwell of the Association
Writes a.n Important Letter on ihe
Endeavor Convention.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 4.— Chairman
B. D. Caldwell of the General Western
Passenger Agents' Association has just
written a highly important letter to the
agents of tne West concerning the policy
to be pursued by them in the matter of
rates to and from San Francisco during
the coming Christian Endeavorer conven
tion. The letter was supposed to be a
secret, but its contents have been secured.
It read as follows:
Chicago, 111., Jan. 28, 1897.
To Members: It has come to our notice that
certain personally 'conducted excursion
agencies (particularly first-class agencies)
contemplate making provision for controlling
under their auispices business to San Francisco
and return, at the rates agreed upon, ior the
Christian Endeavor meeting to be held in
July, 1897. In order to remove misat>preben
sion, and prevent complications likely to
arise thereirum, the undersigned, in con
formity with the provision of the agreement
by which it is m»ae my duty 10 devise and
enforce proper regulations for an equitable
division ot the business moving or tne rates
and arrangements for the Cnristian Endeavor
meeting, respectiully fives notice that the
obligations resting upon lines, parties to this
agreement under the resolution providing ior
division oi traffic, would prevent them from
affording aid or facilities of any character
to such excursion agencies, in the
soliciting or controlling of such business, and
we believe that it is the duty of interested
lines, so far as it is within their control, to
prevent the solicitation and control of sucn
business by such excursion agencies, at i*ast
until such time as this may be specifically
stated as permissible under the chairman's
announcement of regulations to govern in
division of the business, and pending which
no action looking to the solicitation or control
of such bu-iaess tarough any sources should
be permitted.
All lines are respectfully requested to be
governed in accordance with tne above, and
lines on which so-called personally conducted
tourist excursions are run are specially re
quested to give notice to all concerned in con
formity herewith.
B. D. Caldwell, Chairman.
MODESTO A \/> XUSLOCK.
Elections of Officers in Both Irrigation
tHatrict*.
MODESTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— Elections of
officers in both Modesto and Turlock irri
gation districts took place yesterday. In
Modesto district, in divisions 3 and
4, quite a lively contest took place. It
was a question of anti-irrigator against ir
rigator for director. Irrieator won in No.
3, but anti was elected in No. 4, the latter
being C. C. Baker, a known leader of the
anti-irrigators since tue iirst formation of
the districts.
The successful candidates for directors
in Modesto district are: Division 1, B. P.
Hoein; division 2, F. A. Cressy; division
3, F. C. Davis; division 4, C. C. Baker;
division 5, \V. W. Carter; treasurer, J.
\V. Davison; collector. G. R. Stoddard;
assessor, T. S. O'Donnell.
In the Turlock district the successful
directors are: Division 1, C. M. Cogswell ;
division 2, R. M. Williams; division 3,
anew to-datJ
THE STAR OF HOPE. "~~
itfWlHi^Mfci " T had lost **
;■.'. , raoflH e &nd gone to
my father's to die,"
-■f '■"-,' - ■'' . :y- MB said Mrs. Molib
'- - _ .^ M^aHbaWl Evans, of yfound,
$t':>fsr - - ;• '^WRCotyell Co., Texas.
gHHBH^^H "I gave birth to a
TOragSAH&fffiSßl baby a year ago, the
JnafiJSHßWMsth of Tune last,"
ttS^^-i': v'-;"-^lshe adds, "and
■. 9eerne(^ t0 do very
H|j^W^BnK|^^H9^H well for 8 or o days,
r : , '-^'SfilßPrj^jpßf Hb and then I began to
i V-i \B&t&sßSEs&m eet e^ an to swell
■. V c ?■ S-^^TOBn ■™y "tomach was all
B v '* ron $T and I seemed
tiSB I^^^^fiflS to suffer with every -
B^mS-^^^bß^H tll ' np tDat c °uld be
T: -ffjftHfcr^^S • ' M borne. I was in bed
W^BSr -^SSSmX 5 cionths and there
*£«^^ was not a day that it
BBHEii -^KB seemed I could live.
tffSttCL-. IL®— <Ts*l We had the best
■a^!r\k^^ doctor9 that ° ur
yL^-^"^ country afforded. I
1 was a "keleton.
fe^^V. -■ — Every one that saw
j^B^Ossv^^ggßSi me thought that I
SS^Hk^l -^l^39 w °uld never get
.. . . T^^^^ well. I had palpita-
tion and pain in the heart, terribl* pain in
my right side just under the ribs, terrible
headaches all the time ; a bearing down
sensation ; a distressed feeling in my stom-
ach all the time ; could hardly eat anything
and it looked as if I would starve. All the
time I would take such weak tremblinr
? ? ~u U kerned as if I could not stand
It. T^ CTt! were six doctors treating me
when I commenced taking your medicine.
I had lost all hope and gone to my father's
to die. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce'B
Golden Medical Discovery and his ♦Fa-
vorite Prescription together, and I took
them reeularly until, I felt as if life was
worth living again."
"Tw-igb more than I have weighed for
ten year*. My friends say that I look better
than they ever saw me. The first two bot-
ties did me more good thaD all the medicine
I had taken. My stomach has never hurt
me since. I ran eat anything I want and as
much as I want If you want to use this in
favor of your medicine, I am a living wit-
ness to testify to it, and will, to anybody
Who wants to know further of my case."
- - ■ .•■■
M. MrPherson; division 4. S. H- Crane;
division 5, John Rubmson; treasurer, C.
M. Whiimore; collector, William Donno
van; assessor, J. McNeil.
■ ♦ .
Train Ditched Aear Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 4. — Th«
engine and tender of the outgoing narrow
gauge passenger train were ditched this
morning by a landslide this side of tunnel
6. between Kincon and Bis Trees, but
luckily no one was hurt. A landslide had
carried a tree down across ihe track and
it was struck by the en inc. The engine
and tender left the track, but the tree was
thrown to one side and the rest of the
train was not injured. The obstruction
was removed in an hour and the train pro
ceeded. Rain nas been failing all day.
«.
Cnrann Arnault Cane Transferred.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 4.— The case of
United States District AUorney Jones, in
dicted for an assault with brass knuckles
on the editor of the Appeal, wasdismissed
by the Supreme Court to-day on tne
ground that the assault was committed on
uovernmeni lanu —in me posiomce oiock.
The cose will be transferred to the United
States court.
TAKE
YOUR CHOICE
WILL YOU BE
Wise -or- Foolish?
Weak ■ or • Vigorous ?
Puny - or - Powerful?
Manly -or - Bashful
Nervy- or - Nervous?
Now it has to be one thing or the other
with you. and no one is to be blamed i!
you choose foolishly. Poor mortal that
you are, why do you keep on and on in
your folly? That lassitude, that shaking
—which sometimes almost amounts to
paralysis; those fears of death; that bash-
ful and weak-kneed way that you have
of getting around, and that knowledge
that you have that you get no joy oat of
life that is worth speaking about —all
these things are signs that you are suffer-
ing from that dangerous disease Nervous
Prostration. Get rid of itl Yes, get rid
of it, and start in at once. There's life
and strength and manhood and virility
and rigor ahead for you if you want them.
~HUDYAN«
The marvelous remedio-treatment that Is
used at the Hudson Medical Institute, the
great white building at the corner of Ellis,
Market and Stockton streets, has saved
thousands upon thousands from all the
horrors that you are afflicted with, and
your case is by no means too far gone.
Go there or write and ask for circulars
and testimonials about this grand remedy.
Why, in thirty days you won't know your-
self, and no matter whether you have got
iidney, liver or bladder trouble; whether
you have had a bad case of blood-poison-
ing and have a face and a body covered
with bad pimples and blotches, or whether
you are run down and unable to perform
the big: functions of nature—it will be all
the same to those wonderful physicians.
You ask what they will do for you!' They
will cur* you and make a whole man ot
you.
T.HE
WEEKLY
G7ILL
at It Publishes the Cream of the
jj News of the Week and
°{ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
at ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°S PAPER ON THE
OC PACIFIC COAST
5 Always Republican, but Alwayi
~\ Fair and Impartial in Its .
°\ Rendering of the Po- . . .-.,
°\ Htical News.
c) It's the Paper to Send Eastß
J You Want to Advertise
I California.
Always Republican, but Alwayi
Fair and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
It's the Paper to Send East S
You Want to Advertise
California.
3 \~ / >v
J The Best \ /Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /\ Is Accurate
=K The Coast / \& up to data
/ \
n Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
c* it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESID&
O\ Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
1 Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
D - THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY '
*J HOME MAIL, $1.50
t=< INDUSTRIES A YEAR. T; h
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AltPASSES THROUGH
THE ASSEMBLY
Dibble's Bill to Prevent the
Pledging of Legislative
Candidates.
Earnest and Tel! ins: Argument
oi the Author Routs the
Opposition.
Fnsionists Ranted in Vain Against
the Measure That Promises a
W .'lconic R form.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 4.— When
Dibble's Assembly bill 170 came up on
linal passage in the Assembly this after
nooD, a heated discussion was precipi
tated, the Democrats and Populists, led
.by Shannon, objecting to^ the passage of
the bill and denouncing it as a scheme to
stop the mouths of orphaned candidates
Who had no political convention to lather
and mother them. The bill makes it an
offence for any one to require a candidate
lor a legislative office to pledge himself to
vote for a certain u:ll or a certain measure,
provided that such candidate be per
f 11 it ted to pledge himself before the con
vention placing him in nomination.
Dibble made a rattiing speech in which
he. said that no man can properly or hon
estly, represent his constituency if he is
bound .by a specific promi:»e to persons
nominating him or for special measures
or any particular bill. As soon as a can
didate receives the nomination for a leeis
lative office, men on both side* of differ
ent propositions approach him and de
mand that h» should pleige himself to
vote for tbis bill or that bill, the demand
implying the threat that if he does not so
vo;« he will be blackballed at the polls.
"No man." continued Dibble, "is lit to
be a legislator who is not free to go into a
board yf supervisors or a board of educa
tion or into the Legislature absolutely free
to vote -on one side or theotherof any and
every question. It is one of the evils of
the day that men continually demand
pledge* of candidate^ — men who have no
right to do so. This bill provides that he
may make pledges to the party or conven
tion which nominates him. No one but
bis party has a right to exact any promise
from him."
North of Alameda argued that the bill
would save candidates from much annoy
ance.
. Bridgford remarked that annoyance wn«
Incident to the business of running for
bffice.
' When any one asks me what I think of
any proposition," he added, "I am always
ready and willing to teii them, and if they
don't want me then I will stay away.''
"It is in the ripht direction of reform
and pure politics." said Canovan.
."In San Francisco every minute in the
day," said Mahoney, "we have hundreds
of petitions presented to us for our signa
tures on one thin? or anoihei, and it is
very annoying to all of u c . If anybody
wants anything in legislation he should
f.-o to the convention and have the conven
tion pledge tie candidates."
Lacy of San Francisco made his maiden
speech in a gentle, maidenly way. He
hoped that the bill would prevail. He
had been importuned by different persons
to sign different things. "We ought to
come here to Sacramento untrammeled,
an i we should not be tied up with any
promise?," he added.
. Bettman complained that he hai been,
figuratively, stood up at the muzzle of a
shotcun, and he suggested, "in the inter
est of decent politics," that the bill should
be passed.
Hill complained that the bill did not
treat independent candidates fairly.
Mead denied that the bill prevented
the free expression of the candidate's
opinion on any subject on earth.
• Treacy supported the bill.
Toland an>'. Shanahan opposed it-
Dibble said that the gen.l< nvn who had
criticized the bill did not understand it.
It did not prevent a candidate from ex
pres-ing his opinion on any subject. The
evil t. at is desired to be corrected is the
hab't that has grown up in tbii State of
standing candidates up and demanding
that they shall pledge themselves to vote
for this particular bill or that particular
measure. He had known instances where
. persons on both sides of a question had
roade such demands. During his recent
canvass fifty demands had been made
upon him by persons wno threatened to
defeat hi- election unless he would prom
• ise to vote for this whisky bill or that pro
hibition bill or that fiah bill. How can
any man go before this Legislature, he
asked, if he is pledged to a measure which
be uas mi -understood and which he finds
to b*» wrong alter it has been discusse 1 on
the floor of the House?
"I believe in the representative Govern*
ment," continued Dibble. "No man can
b- free to renresent the people who sent
him to the Legislature unless he goe*
there fr°e from all piedges except to the
party which sent him there pledged to
maintain certain principles of govern
ment, until be can stand before his people
and hear the 'discussion on measures de
sizned to serve the public interests. I
hay? seen men come upon this floor with
written pledges, and have seen them
shake them in the faces of men who
lind signed piedges that they would vote
for a certain bill without amendment;
wnen it was shown that if the bill passed
without amendment it would defeat the
vety purpose for which it had been
framed."
A round of handclapping greeted
Dibble's remarks, and the bill was finally
passed by a vote of 45 to 20.
.' IX ASS EMU A.SJP SENATE.
Many Matters of Importance Before the
legislature.
SACRAMENTO. Cai», Feb. 4.— The
.constitutional amendment to allow San
Francisco to obtain a charter by special
act of the Legislature was indefinitely
postponed in the Assembly this morning.
An amendment was made to Cutter's
amendment relative to local legislation.
The amendment permitting three
fourihs of the members of a jury to render
a verdict in criminal cases was amended
to require a five-sixths vote.
Cutter's amendment permitting Board
of Supervisors to fix the salaries of all
county officials was referred to the Judi
ciary Committee. • ■ ■
Assembly bill 396, regulating the sale
or street railroad franchises, was finally
passed.
A^ resolution was introduced by Melick
looking to the recession to the United
Bl »' ? 'o' the Yosemite Park.
XA« Ways and Meana Committee re
ported with favorable recommendation
the State University tax bill.
The amended bill relating to aged indi
gents was iavorabiy reported by the Com
mittee ou Commisßious and Retrench
ment.
The report from the Committee on At
taches recommending that all attaches be
required to sign the rollcall each morning
was killed after a lively discussion.
At the afternoon session Dibble's bill,
prohibiting candidates making pledges
other than those made before the nomi
nating convention, came up for thijd
reading and disposal. Dibble spoke in
favor of the bill, Bridgford and Shanahan
against it. The San Francisco delegation
stood solid for the bill, which was passed
— ayes 45, noes 20, the Populists voting no.
Belshaw's bill relating to employes of
the Legislature was sent back to the
printer with an amendment.
Bill 45, making an appropriation of $10,
--000 lor improving the Capitol ' and
grounds, was passed.
The second reading file was then taken
up, consuming the rest of the session.
In the Senate this morning the county
government bill was made the special
order for Monday.
Boyce's bill to establish a sociological
expert in certain counties was passed for
further consideration.
Resolutions were adopted that Senators
Hall and Feeney are en titled to their seat*.
Pedlar's bill prohibiting prize-fights was
passed— 23 to 7. Mahoney's bill, making
it « felony for any one to encage in or in
any manner further a prise-fight, was
amended and returned for re-engrossment.
Voorheis' bill to permit a majority q:
the State Library Trusties to elect officers
was passed.
The act appropriating $12000 to pre
vent deception in toe manufacture and
sale of butter and cheese parsed. Similar
action was taken on the bill transferring
$80,000 from the general fund to the es
tates of deceased persons' fund.
Simpson offered a constitutional amend
ment to enable citizens of townships to
form township governments without the
sanction of a majority.of : he residents of
the county; also an amendment exempt
ing soldiers and sailors of the late war
from the payment of poll tax.
At the afternoon session the Committee
on Federal Relations favorably reported
the Cuban resolutions passed by the
House.
Dickinson offered an amendment to
Tracey's bill fixing the minimum rate of
compensation for labor on public work at
$2 per day, to relieve municipalities of the
operation of the law. This n-as lost, and
the bill, amended so as to relieve the La
bor Commissioner of the duty of enforc
ing its provisions, was returned for re-en
grossment.
Bills to create a third Superior Judge
for Santa Clara County and to compel
railroads to carry bicycles as baggage were
passed.
Senate bill 179, relating to the dismissal
of civil actions against real estate for lack
of prosecution was passed.
Bills were introduced by Gleaves to
regulate tbe appointment of members
commissions; by Dickinson, to punisu
train-wreckers: by Luclisiu^er, to form
agricultural districts and associations and
provide for their government by the S;ate.
Adjourned.
STATE ntl>!l\G OFFICE.
An Investigation by the Aanembly Re
trenchment Committee J* Commenced.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. The
| Assembly Committee on Retrenchment
■ began its investigation of the State Print
ing Office this afternoon. Mclick in the
chair. Governor Budd was absent, having
■ gone to San Francisco, and State Printer
■ Johnston did not appear.
Assemblyman Caminetti appeared as a
j witness and said that he bad conceived it
j to be his duty to inquire whether the ap
j propriation of $75,000 was necessary. He
■ found that no demand had been made on
j the State Board of Examiners for a
:' deficiency statement. He understood that
i Johnston had printed 10,000 copies of the
I grammars in defiance of the order of the
I State Board of Education. Two years a^o
Senator Smith wanted the statutes of the
! last session printed. It was estimated
that the printing of tho-e would cost the
State about $700, but the actual cost had
i been $7000.
The witness retold the old story about
the coal contract. The contract was let to
I the lowest bidder about a year ago, and
jon the day tuat the contract was let
Johnson bougut seventy-five tons of coal
from the old contractor, who was th*> suc
cessiul bidder, at the old contract price.
Assemblyman Bridgford said about the
same thing.
H. Rogers, general foreman of the State
Printing Office, testified that the volumes
of the (statutes printed were 30,000 in
number, instead of 10,000, and that the
paper alone cost $1700.
Governor Budu, said Mr. Rogers, had
i his siiaie of the patronage of the State
j Printing Office in the per.-ons of Mr. Sev
ery, a compositor, and Miss Crandon, a
helper in the pressroom.
The committee then adjourned.
AIT It /i A l ICL.sn.IP.
Xrgleeted or Wayward, Boy* and Girl*
Mm, Be Indentured.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.—Caml
netu's iji.l, 639, to provide for the care of
the dependent and wayward classes, pre
scribes that the Governor may appoint
in each county of this State an agent of
the boards of State institutions for the
general supervision of charitable, penal
pauper and reformatory in&titntious, who
■hail hold office at the pleasure oi the
Governor. He shall receive his actual
traveling expenses.
Whenever a complaint is made or pend
ing against any boy under the age of 18
years or girl under the aue or 17 years
for the commission of any offence not pun
isUuble by law with imprisonment for
life, It shall be the duty of the magistrate
to inform the agent in writing.
The agent atui the court *nall investi
gate the circumstances, and if it snail ap
pear to tne court that the public interest
and the interest of such cii Id will be beat
subserved thereby, he may make an order
for tne return of Midi c. lid ;o his or her
pare ins. guardian or friends; or he mar
authorize said a-'.ent to taKe siuh cluld
and bind him or her out to some suitable
person until he or she shall have attained
the age of twenty-one years, or lor less
ume, or impose a fine, or to suspend >-en
lenc ■ for a definite or indelinite period;
or, if the child b» found uuilty of the
offense charted, nnd appears to be will
fully wayward :ind unmanageable, the
court may cnuse nun or her to be >eai to
the Preston Bcbool of Industry, Whmier
State School, or any State penal or reform
atory institution authorized by law to re
ceive such boy or uirl, subject to sucu
conditions of sex and age as are provided
by law for the reception of children in
said school or institution.
Such indentures shall be subject to can
cellation for ill treatment.
QUA It AX X IX X REGULATIONS .
Bill to Extend Ike Jotter, of the Hoard
ol Health.
SACRAMENTO. Cai,., Feb. 4._ Secr
etary Pedlar has taken an nctive interest in
the quarantine regulaiions of San Fran
cisco. To-day he introduced a bill greatly
extending the powers of the Board of
Health in that regard.
It makes it compulsory on the par! of
the Board of Health to appoint a secretary,
one assistant secretary, six health in
spectors, one market inspector, one mes
senger, one resident physician, one
superintendent physician, one steward,
one matron, oue apothecary, two visiting
physicians, tvo visiting surgeons, as
officers of the City and County Hospital
in and for tho City and County of Kan
Francisco. The faculty of the medical
department of the University of California
is to nominate one each of the visiting
surgeons and physicians, ami the Medical
College of the Pacific is to nominate the
other. The board may also appoint an
engineer lor tU6 City and County Hospital
an'l the employes of the Aimshouse.
The bill also provides that the board
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
shall have power to appoint and prescribe
the duties of of one City physician and
one assistant City physician, who shall be
designated as police surgeons, and whoso
duty it shall ba to make all autopsies re
quired by the Coroner. It also gives tho
board power to appoint such employes
and medical attendants as they may deem
necessary to the Health Department, and
to lix the salaries of such employes.
The concurrence of fonr members is re
quired to remove heads of department*.
Salaries are prescribed as follows:
Healtu officer. $3000: secretary, $2100; as
sistant secretary, $1200; health inspectors,
$1200 each; market in-pector, $1200; mei
seiigei, $900; City physician. $1800; as
sistant Cuy physician, $12<J0; superin
tendent pnysician, $2400; resident physi
cian, $1500 j steward, $1500; matron, $730;
apothecary. $1200; visuiug physicians and
surgeons, $1200 each; engineer, $1200;
■aperintendent of Alnishuiise, $2400; resi
dent physician of Almshouse, $1500; ma
tron of Alrn>house, $720.
In conclusion it provides that tbe clerk
of the Mayor of San Francisco shall not
receive any compensation as clerk of the
Board of Health.
/His max si or boxisg.
Postage of the Bill Introduced by Sen
ator Pedlar.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— Boxing
matches lor prizes, purses or profit of any
kind are prohibited by the bill introduced
by Senator Pedlar and passed by the Sen
ate to-day. It is as follows:
Every person who engages In, instigates, en
courages or promotes, either as principal, aid,
second, umpire, surgeon or otherwise: '
1. Any sparring or boxing mutch, or exhi
bition f'<r a puise or prize, or any boxing or
sparring match oi any nature whatever, either
with or without gioves. In any building or
inclosure. to which an admission fee is
charged; or
2. Any ring or prize fight, or any other pre
meditated tight (without deadly weapons); or
3. Engines in whst is generally known as
prize-rightini:, with or without glove*, is guilty
oi felony, and noon conviction shall be fined
not less ihun $100 <>r imprisoned in the State
prison not more than one year, or by Doth
■uch fine and imprisonment.
Senator Wolfe opposed the passage |of
trie bill lie ground that it would seri
ously interfere with the public exhibition
given by the Olympic Club of San Fran
cisco. He stated that a small admission
fee was sometimes charged by the club to
sparring exhibitions in order to raise
funds for the maintenance of the Institu
tion, but not for individual profit. He
also saw no reason, he said, why glove
contests for prizes should be proscribed.
Senator Pedlar came to the rescue of his
bill by saying that any club that depend
ed for its existence on exhibitions of this
kind ought to disband. He concluded in
dramatic style as follows: It any man
wants to bruise his feilow-man for profit,
let him hie away to the mountains of Ne
vada, but let them not ply their vocation
within the boundaries of California."
The bill passed by a vote ot 23 to 7.
cvUM ti iy, b VJt aa c Jr.
Manner in Which Local Fire Jnnirnnc
Companies Mail Be Organized.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4. — Sims'
bill. No. 632, provides that:
Auy number of persons, not less than twenty
five, residing in any county In this State, own
ing property aggregating not less than $.">O,OOO
in v*lue, which they desire to have insur«<l,
may incorporate for the purpose of mutual In
surance against loss or damage by fire.
Any person owning property In the county
for which any such company is formed »nay
become a member of such company by insur
ing therein, an.i shall be enuiled to "all tlie
riffhts and privileges appertaining thereto, and
no person not residing in the county in which
the company is formed *hall become a director
of such company.
Such company may issue policies only on
detached dwellings, schoolhouses, churches,
barns (except livery barns and hotel barns),
and such otner btiildincsand such property us
may be con 'allied therein. Aho other prop
erty on the premises owned by the insurer ;
hay p.ud grain in stack and livestock ou the
premises oi the insured, anywhere in the
county, for any time not exceeding five years,
and not to extend beyond the time luni ed lor
the existence of the charter, find for an
amount not to exceed $4500 o:i any one ris.c.
All persous so insured su»U give their obliga
tion to tho company bindinp themselves, their
heirs and as-igus to pay th^ir pro rata
to the company of the necessary expense and
of loss by fire which may be hustained by any
member thereof during the time for which
their respective policies are written, and they
shall also at the time of effecting the insur
ance pay such a percentage in rash, and nuch
other charges, as m«y b<i required by the rules
or by-laws oi the compAny.
REDUCIAG SALARIES.
They Hill Be Scaird Jtotcn From Five fe
:• Twenty- Fir* />«,. Cent.
BACRAMENTO,' CaI., Feb. 4.—Assem
bly bill 653 reduces the compensation of
officers, attaches and employes of the sev
eral penal, reformatory and charitable
State institutions, as follows. It was in
troduced by the Retrenchment Committee
as a substitute 'for Assembly bill 185:
Where the compensation received amounts
to $3000 or over p:r annum, 25 j-er cert.
\\ t.erc the compensation received amounts
to $2000, and less than $3000 per annum, 20
per cent.
Where the compensation received amounts
to Si ooo, and less than $2000 per annum, 15
per cunt.
Where the compensation received amounts
to $600. and less than $1000 per annum, 10
per cent.
Where the compensation received amounts
to less than $600 per annum, 5 per cent.
I Eljt-ORAfH Mt.BSA.GBH.
Bill to Chrnprn Ihtir Co»t and to Ruth
Them Orer the Wire;
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 4.— Kelly's
Assembly bill, 723, introduced to-day,
reals as follows:
Section 542. The rate for receiving, send
ing or delivering any message upon or over
iht! line or lines of any telegraph corporation
doing business in this State must not exceed
20 cenis for the first twenty words antl 5 cents
lor e«<oh additional word, to or Irom «ny
point in the State of Ctililornia. A violation
oi the provision of this section sui.jects the
corporation to fine of $500 for each offense.
Assembly bill 722, also introduced by
K<-lly to-day, reads as follow*-:
Every person whose message is refused or
postponed contrary to the provisions of this
chapter is entitled to recover from the carrier
his actual damages and $500 in addition
PUBLIC FUlal>S.
They May Be. I>epo*\ted In and U»ed by
the Banks.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 4.— RubeU's
bill, 649, provides that all town, city and
county Treasurers may deposit the public
funds in any savings or commercial bank
of good standing in the. county. They
may be time deposits or on immediate
call. The fund* may be loaned out by
the bank in accordance with xhe follow
ing provision:
The bank in which such funds are deposited
may use funds *o deposited in like manner us
it uses and controls fund* deposited with
it by private owners, subject to the terms and
conditions of the deposit.
< Filth. i.^auitAXCMi.
Bow Losses and Partial Losses Must Be
r»i& to l'oliai-ll.ild-r*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.—Al
dridne.'s bill, No. 648, provides as follows:
Sec. 2756. A fire insurance policy, in case of
a total loss by fire of property insured, Khali be
held and considered to be a liquidated demand
against the bompnny issuing the policy (or tbe
full amount of such policy; provided, tnat this
rule shall not apply to personal property.- In
case of a partial loss the measure of indemnity
in an insurance against fire is the expense at
the time that the loss is payable of replacing
the thing lost or injured in the condition in
which it was at the time of the Injury.
Tar** for Jtlrjormatnriet,
SACRAMENTO. Cxr... Feb. 4.—Vos
bnrg's Assembly bill. 732. introduced this
morning, provides that for each person
committed to the Wnittier State School
or the Preston School of Industry the
county from which the commitment i*
made shall pay into the State treasury
$182 per annum, to be applied to the sup
port ol those institutions.
f heck* for Hag**.
SACRAMENTO, Caj», Feb. 4,-San-
ford's bill, 45, as amended ana re- referred
to the Committee on Labor and Capital.,
provides that tbe clause fixing a regular
monthly payday may be suspended by a
special contract between employer and
employe, and that laborers may be paid in
United States money or in checks nego
tiable at face value on demand.
Firemen's Salaries.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4. — Den
nery's bill, No. 139,, as amended and re
ferred to the San Francisco delegation,
reads as follows:
In municipalities of the first class the fol
lowing officers oi its fire department shall re
ceive the following a nries:
Chlei engineer, $5000.
Assistant chief engi-eer, $3600.
secretary or cleric, $3000.
Assistant ent-lneers, $2100 each.
Veterinary surgeon, $1800.
Six- to O'te Against the Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— After a
half-hour's executive session this after
noon the Senate Committee on Commerce
decided to report back the G leaves pilot-
Age bill with the recommendation that it
do not pass. The vote was 6to 1, Gleaves
alone voting in favor of the bill. He will
prepare a minority report giving his rea
sons why the measure should pass, and
tho battle may be continued on the floor.
Community Property.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— Elliott's
bill, No. 264, has been amended to read as
follows:
The iiusband has tbe management and con
t-ol of the community property, with tne like
absolute power oi disposition, other than tes
laraentary, as he ha< of his separate property,
except that nny gift oi the community prop
erty is void (without the consent oi the wife).
Temporary Holt Investigation.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— The
Temporary Roil Investigation Committee
went into executive session at 4 o'clock
this afternoon and adjourned at 6. Up to
that time it had not finished its report,
and will meet at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning, it bad nothing to give to the
press.
frtr-etcar 'iuardm.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4— Kelly
introduced Ar-setnbly bill 725 to-day and
it was sent to the Committee on Corpora
tions. It provides that all street railroad
dummies must be provided with safety
guards for the front ends and sides of the
same.
L»n*e» t>f Land,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— North
introduced Assembly bill 726 to-day. It
reads as follows:
No lense or grant of land for agricultural
purposes for a iouger period than twenty
years, in which shall be reserved any rent or
service of any kind, shall be valid.
DODGING THE TAX COLLECTOR.
The Southern Pacific Causes Embarrass
ment by Refusing to Pay lls Dues
at the Needles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 4.— The |
Southern Pacific Company maintains its
steadfast adherence to an old rule of avoid
ing the payment of its taxes wherever it
is possible. A late instance of its deter
mination to defer payment of its just dues
at tbe Needles, in tbis State, has caused
considerable embarassmeut over school
bonds.
In the year 1890 bonds were issued for
$.0,000, payable in five equal installments
of $4000 each, with interest at 8 percent.
Provision for payment of principal and
interest was made by levying a special tax
on the assessable property of the district.
T c railroad is one of the principal tax
payers of the district and has failed to pay
any part of its asses>ment in this line,
hence the first in^tulinient of interest on
ihe bonds has not been paid.
The Oakland Bank of Savings pur
chased these bonds, and now proposes to
take some steps to collect what is due on
the bonds— the first installment of $4000
and the overdue interest. Yesterday At
torney McPike of San Francisco appeared
before the Board of Supervisors at San
Bernardino and laid the case before them,
requesting some action in relief of the
bank. The board, by a unanimous vote,
r««olved to prosecute to final oeteimina
lion such action as m necessary to collect
Irom the Southern Pacific Railroad the
necessary taxes, penalty and interest due
on the bonds, ou condition that the bond
holders shail hold harmless the company
from any cost, damages or liability as a
company by reason of such action. They
have engaged the firm of Dunn A McPike
as special counsel to assist in the prosecu
tion of the case. The District Attorney
was ordered to forthwith tile a complaint.
L.O& Ayut.Lh* cam wages.
Street- Railway Employ*! Reduced From
20 to SO lent* ,i nay.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 4.— For the
first time in years a blow was struck at
the wages of street railway employes in
this city to-day. All the employes on the
Templti-street cable road had their salaries
reduced from 20 cents to 50 cents per day.
Gripmen on this road have heretofore re
ceived $2 50 per day and conductors $2 25.
By the new order which baa just pone
inio effect these gripmen now receive $2 25
per clay, while conductors receive $2. This
is for day work of from ten to twelve
hours. The night shifts have averaged
about eight hour* and for these the Tem
ple-street men have received from $1 75 ;o
$2 per day for unpnien and conductors
respectively. The new rule gives the night
men 20 cents per hour without dstinction,
which on eight-hour shifts wo-iid give
both gripmen and conductors $1 60 per
night.
CUAtilTl BKiiISS AT itOMJS.
Th» Mayor of La% Antrim to the Mayor
of San I rnueimro.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 4.— Mayor
Snyder of this city is in receipt of a com
munication irons Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco, asking that the Los Angeles
Mayor agitate the collection of a sum of
money for the India sufferers from the
plague and starvation. Mayor isnyder at
NEW TO-DAT. "
~~M K FO RT^7= FI VeTyEARS~
(fm^sr ' A RHEUMATIC.
W SS^A^\'r*« A FTER SUFFERING UNTOLD AGONIES AND TRYING
§ FORTY-FIVE YEARS of
* A RHEUMATIC.
\\ A FTER SUFFERING UNTOLD AGONIES AND TRYING
lj IX «very remedv known to niedicai science, W. H. Starp, of
I / A VMTjTi • Fonts Springs, nnds a cure in DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC
I \Am pMi^ill BELT. He tells of his wonderful cure in a letter dated at
/'m fcSss'n ° uts Springs, Cal., January 18, 1897. He says:
. \*\ vHEI^^A DR. A. T. SANDEN — Dear Sir: I have now been wearing your Elec-
\ y\ \-Vv*^l irlc Belt a little more than seven months. First 1 gut a No. 5 as an ex-
V \ r'L^^ri perime it, which was not strung enough for my case. Afterward I got a
/ ji. \| r^^=— tL^stronger one. Mine whs a very azKravai'd and long-continued case of
I I _y| I — -»' Rheumatism and nervous debility. I had been afflicted with rheumatism
L jf&ffy&T- f~-" for torty-fl ve years, the last three years of which period I suffer- d (freatly
■*-" /fr^r , . from nervous debility. I ttm now wonderfully Improved. My nervous
trouble is nearly gone. The parts affected are fait assuming their natural size and snipe. Action of
my heart, which was ereatly disturbed, 1$ now nearly normal. Although w ■■> are having a very disa-
greeable winter I feel no rheumatic trouble. lam n-iw nearly Mxty-iwo years of aice nnd 1 consider
my Improvement almost miraculous. I shall not fail to recommend your belt to ail sufferers.
W. H. ttTAPP.
Here is a man who ha* spent hundreds of dollars without finding relief until he
got the grandest of all remedies —
DR. SA.3STIDE3N'S ELEOTRIO BELT.
AS GOOD FOR OMEN AS FOR MEN.
There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that will re-
lieve the pnin and stiffness as speedily as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its cures are
numbered Dy the thousands. Every day brings fresh proof of its power. If you have
Rheumatism. Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or Weakness in the nerves or vital or-
gans you ought to consult Dr. Snnden. He will tell you whether his belt will cure
you, and give you advice free. If you cannot call, send for the free book, "Three i
Classes of Men." which will be sent s;aled to address fur the asking. Don't putit oft.
Act to-day. There is nothing more important than your healtu. Call or address
js-A-ixrxsEsisr EUECTIIIC Co..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to I. Los An?ele« Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland." Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
IiOXJu— jilaie no mistake; m me number— 338 ilarkei sueeu
onre replied, stating his sympathy with
India's afflicted, but conveying the idea
that charity should begin at home.
Mayor Snyder stated that we have some
thousands here in Los Angeles who are as
badly in need ot help as anybody; that
the city is struggling with the problem of
their care, and he can see no way at pres
ent to relievo the India sufferers. He in
closed his recent communication addressed
to the Council, suggesting a method for
aiding the unemployed by work of the
public streets and parks.
Ftfe Article* of Incorporation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 4.— The San
Miguel Land Company has filed articles
of incorporation. The directors are: Wil
liam G. Waters of San Miguel Island; F.
K. Rule, William E. Roberts. F. A. Hines
and Henry Y. Stanley of Los Angeles;
capital stock $50,000. The Chautauqua
Association oi Southern Cali:ornia has
also iileti articles The directors are:
George R. Crow of Los Angeles; A. J.
Cook, Claremont; J. H. Brown, Downey;
W. W. Lowe, Long Beach, and C. P. Dor
land of .Monrovia.
MITCHELL'S W.4M.G CBAXCJBB.
One by One Bin Supporter* Are Drop
■>'■ping Away /row Him.
SALEM, Or , Feb. 4. — The Benson
House and a portion of the Senat? met in
joint convention at noon to-day. The roll
showed twenty-nine House members and
ten Senators present. The sensation of
the day was the withdrawal of Representa
tive Huntington from the Benson-Mitchell
body. Ho rose in his place and denounced
the means that were being used to force
members into a joint convention in
Mitchell's interest, and said he could no
longer be a party to what now appeared
to him to be an illegal and revolutionary
organization.
This leaves Mitchell further from the
goal than ever. The methods of Mitchell's
strikers have disgusted the whole com
munity, and his defeat is now conceded
by most of bis friends. No vote was taken
and the joint convention adjourned until
12 o'clock to-morrow.
UTAH'S 4A.N A / Oi.-EIjECT.
Congratulated, by i hatcher, Who Front'
<•«* Support and Allegiance.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Feb. 4.— The Utah
Legislature met in joint session to-day to
ratify the election of Hon. J. L. Kawlins
as United States Senator. Speeches were
made by Senator-elect Rawlins ana the
deieated candidates. Moses Thatcher and
Judze Henderson. The feature was the
address of Thatctier, who said the contest
as far as be was concerned was at an end,
and that Mr. Rawlins would receive his
support and allegiance, thus putting an
end to the desire expressed by the mote
ardent supporters ol Thatcher to cortest
the election of Rawlins in the United
States Senate on the ground that the lat
ter had been elected by coercion of mem
bers of the Legislature by the Mormon
church officials.
San lti-,/1, thineae Rmid.
SAN DIEGO. Cal, Feb. 4.— United
States Chinese Inspector Norman and
Deputy Frank Wadham captured a gang
01" six Chinamen in a lonely canyon in the
City Park, about two miles from the cen
ter of the city, at 10 o'clock this morning.
The Chinamen are charged with illegally
entering United States territory from
Mexico. Two white men who are sup
posed to be accomplices of the Chinamen
are now fleeing from justice, with a ponse
of officers in pursuit. Collector John C.
Fisher said this afternoon :
"There lias been altogether too much of
this sort of thing in the past, and we pro
pose to enforce the laws along this border,
if keeping on the alert will do it."
The Chinamen will be examined next
week.
ENDEAVORER CONVENTION
Christian Society Celebrated Its
Oae Hundred and Sixteenth
Anniversary.
Entertain ni Programme W3S R3n*
dered — O;ficers for the Ensuing
Year Elected.
The Christian Endeavorers last evening
celebrated their sixteenth anniversary in
Zion A. M. E. Cnurch. The old church
looked cozy and cheerful. It wa* crowded
to the doors by Endeavorers and their
friends, who were present to take part
and listen io the entertaining programme
as follows:
Praise service, led by J. J. Morris; anthem,
by ihe choir; scriptural lesion, prayer, Rev.
James Dickson, Fourth Congregational
Church; trombone solo. Miss M. Noble; read
ing of minutes, Recording Secretary Miss M.
C. Sanquiht; reports— Correspouding secre
tary. Miss Hetta L. Reynolds; treasurer,
Charles M. Whitney; lookout committee, H.
B Blackwell; press committee, Miss D. A.
Matthews; pood literature committee. Miss S.
F. Fau^ht; floating coinmit'.ee, H. F. Eien;
junior superintendent, Miss M. U. Simpson;
soprano solo,* 'Hos-inna," Miss Mildred Clark;
"San Rafael's Blessing in July." Rev. \V. B.
Noble, D.D. ; duet, vocal, the Misses Mildred
Clark and Maud Noble; address, "The Fullness
01 the Life of Christ in Us," Rev. G. C Adams,
D.D. ; song, congregation; election of officers;
offertory; rolloal!; consecration service. Rev.
J. H. Ciillis, Zion A. M. E. Church; Roitcoe
Warren Lucy, accompanist.
Miss Minnie C. Sanquist's report as re
cording secretary was particularly interest
ing to the assembled En ieavoers. "At
tins time we cdebni'.e our sixteenth anni
versary «s Christian Endeavorers," she
said, "and wonderful has been our
growth."
The following officers were elected:
President, Purcell Rowe, Howard Presby
terian Church; first vice-president. A. T.
Todd, Flr.st Fre>byterian Church of San
Ka'iu'l; cecond vioe-president, Carrie G.
Davis. <;r*co Methodist Churca Presidio So
ciety; secretary, Miss Sanquist, First Baptist
Church; corresponding secretary, Hettie
L. Reynold*. First Presbyterian Church;
trensurer, C. M, Whimey, Plymouth
Congregational Church; superintendent of
Junior work, Miss Myrtle Simpson, First Con
gregational Cbareb; assistant superintendent
of Junior work, (Jeorgie McLennan, First Cou
giegaiioual Church.
u-u-.n.q.r.-^-.-_ NEW TO- DAT.
LAST OF THE
$6 DAYS !
After to-morrow (Saturday) night you'll pay the regular
price— slo, $12, $15 and $16— for these suits. Until then, your
choice for $6.
Remember, they are guaranteed all-wool goods ; Cassimeres,
Tweeds and Cheviots ; well made in every particular by ex-
pert tailors who know their business, after the latest styles
in vogue in London and New York.
If you buy, take them home and find before your own glass
that they are not what you thought them, come back with them
and you'll get your money without a word.
We will keep every one of these suits in repair one yearfreo
of charge — that shows the confidence we have in them.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street,
Dir-ctlv Opposite Snnsime.
A PPPMANFNT CITPF of the most ob=t.inate case? of Gonorrhea and Gleet.
r Ei'ViTl/^l^Cil^ 1 WUK.C guaranteed In from 3to 6 days; no other treatment
required, and without the nausea* ing; results of dosing with Cubebs, Copahia and Santal Oil
J. FERRK & CO. (successor; to Bron), Pharmacies, Paris Sold by all druggists.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRAIVCISCO SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael. ■
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:3V
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:3
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— -.:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. 3:3*
6:00, «:20p. m.
San Rafael to Sun Francinco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. «.•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trioi
at 1:65 P. M. and 6:35 p. it.
SUNDAYS— 8:io, 9:4U, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:11 !
5:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Part sams
. schedule as above.
Leave i Tn^ffwt Arrive
San Fraacisca | octf l* Ban Franc '»ca
Week I Son- I 1 ,., 1 1 tio.. Srsf - IWm
Days. | days. j "«»"natlon. DAYS^ | DAya>
7:30 am 8:00 am; Novaio, 110:40 am 8:41) am
3:30 9:30 am Pctoluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 «m 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:36 pm 6:22 pm
I Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbnrg,
i ytton,
GeyservlUe, ~ c
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
j Heta, j ,-.■
' Hopland & ' ■".•■ ■■:
7:30 am BK)oam Ukiah. j 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerne .35 pm
3:30 PM I ' 6:22 PM
7:30 am 8.00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:0 Jam I s . ha « tonn | 110:40 am 1 10 :2« AM
3:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm 1 [ 6:10 pk | tf: -22 P M
Staffs connect at Santa Rosa lor Mar.v Weal
Springs: at Ueyservilie for Skas;n Springs: at
CioTerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hiitnla-.i J
Springs, Kflseyville, Soda Bay and l^akcport; at
Hiiplimd for Lakeport and Barttett spriu™-); at ,
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, U'.:i> \
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pother
Valley. Jonn Day's, Ktverside, Llerley's. Buck-
Dell's, sanliedrtn Heights, HuIIvIIIp. Booneville.
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, j
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, H'lliets. Cahto, Co-
ve!o. Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - . ■ .
On sandays round-trip tickets to all points be-
youU San Kar ael at half rates-
Ticket Offices, 6so Market st., Chronicle hniMin*. !
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
l"res. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic I^i§|g|i !^
KAILKOAD Jft^*yfc|^S^g^sSyß
Trains leave aul * r «*/» at l^'-^^^^fea
at ark«b- Street Ferr/. fSfi&tC^vSsisa
SASTA FK EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. Jt p • V*E§i&
Direct Line *"^K£&g£££4Gs]g
Leaves daily at 5: JO p. M..carrvlnr Tullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholster -d Tourist
Seeplng-cars. which run dally thron-.-h to Chicaza
▼la Kansas City. . Ann, x car* for Denver and 8u
Boson Kxcanlons. via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal »nd in* White Mountains leave evaV*
Ineaday. '
The best railway from California to the East,
new rails, new lies; no dust; Interesting scenery
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 044 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1031. Oakland. Broadway.
THE »ll FRiSCISfO AID-SII J9IQDII
VALLEY RAILWAY OHflll.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897, passenger trains !
will run dally:
Southbound. stations. Northbound
7:2;» A- m. Stockton I«:40p. m.
9:19 am Merced. «:14 r m.
11:10 a m Fresno ...... ....1:10 p. m.
For Intermediate statloiiss<>e ll nr>-table.
Conn*- ti n< stonroboats of the C N. . A I. Co. j
'eave San Fran iv o a-d *»to~kt"ii at 6 P M. dailv i
mm MALPAisT
Trains connect with North FaoiOa ,
Coast Railroad;
WEKK DAYS-Leave S. F. 9:1 "5 A. M. 1:4% p. m. I
Returning— Arrive 8. »■". 3:25 p M. 6:20 p M. I
SUNDAYS— LeaveS.F.B a. M 11:80 a.m. 1:80 h. ;
Returning— S.F.I :1 5 p. M 4:20 P.M. 7:35 fm. .
• Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THOs, COOK <fc tOSS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
, Hill Valley and Mount l'amalpaia becaic Kail wajr. I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BOVTUKBX ' PA« I>'H' COMPAKT.
(rACIFII! svsiem.)
Trnliw lr»n- .'iiul «»!••- i!ui> I 0 nrrive at
HAM IKAXI.N* «>.
lkave — From January 1, 1897. — abbjv
•6:0«a Nilrs, Ban Jose and Way Stations... 8:43a
?MM>a Atlantic Express. Ogileii and Ku,t.. S:a.>p
7:OOa Benicia. Vacaville, liu:i!sj, Sacra-
mento. OroTille and ltodding via
DaTis 6:15p
7:3t» a Martinez. San Ramon, Vnllejo, Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa Gil3 »
■*::««> a Nilcs. Kan .lose. Stockton, loue,
Sacramento, slary«»ille, Chico,
Tthninaanit Red ISlnll -«:l»p
•■:3oa Peters and Milton *7:19r
»:t»»A New Orleans l''.xi>r«Ki, Raymond (for
Yosemito), KrestiO, liakerslield.
Banta Barbara, los Angolen, Dem-
in;;, £1 1'.i,0, New Oilcans and
E:u=t 4:45p
9:O«a Martinez and Stockton 4:4.*p
«:00a Vallejo 6:15»
XiloH, San Jose, Livermore- and
Stockton 7:1.1»
*l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers •9:O»p
l:OOp Nites, San Joie and ( ivermore 8:43a
tl:a«p Port Co3ta and Way Stations t?:43r
4:O«>i> Martiuez, Baa Itamon, Vallejo,
Nava, Cali«togn, Kl Verano and
Santa Rosa Oil.la
4:S)O}- Bcnioia, Vacaville, Wnoillan(i,
Kr.ights Lam'.ing, Marysrulc, Oro-
ville aßtlBaeranien*n 11:19a
4:3oi> Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Nilea,
returning via Martinez.; 1 1:43a.
OiOOp Los Angelas Express. Tracy,
Frenno, Santa Barbara and l.o«
Augelcg 10:49a
StOOp Santa Fo I lon Atlantic Express
for Moj:iv,i ami Mast Jo:43a
6:«Oi- Roropoou Mail, Ogilttn and l'.iut 9:43a
6:«0i- llay"-:ircln, Nittsaiid Nan Jose 7:43a
J7:OOi> Vallejo ,17:43*
7:«»Oi> Oregon Narrameiito, Marys.
rillc, Iteal«Uuk Portlanil. I'ngek
Sound ami Kant 11:13a
*^1O:OOp "Sunjot Limited." Fresno, Los
Auseles, HI Paso, New Orleans'
antt Kast jl*i43i»
SAM A tm.'Z IHTIsION (Narrow tinui;e>.
All* A Newark.OiiterviUo.Siin.loso.Feltoti,
Creek, Santa Cniz and Way
Stations 3:30p
•»:l»p Newark. Centerville, San .lose, New
Alinadcn, Fclton, lSonlder Crock,
Santa Cruz anil I'rincips*.; Way
Stations.... M 1 :*oa
4:1 ■■*»■• Newark. San .lost) and I ..is (>atos ... U:3oa
fll:-15p Huitors' Excursion, San Jose and
WayStationa }7:20p
COAST IH VISION dliinl A loiTiixfinl Sis.)
6:43a Nan .lose ami Way Ktntious (New
A'iii.ult-11 Wednesdays only) li3op
•:l»» Kan Jaw, Tres linos, SmiU Cruz,
I'aciKc tiiKTe. Paso IloVleg, San
Luis Ol>i*i«>. Guadalupe, bur* and
Principal Way Stations . 7:00p
IO:1Oa Ban .low; mnl Wny Htatlons 5:oop
11::U»a Palo Alto au<l Way Stations 3:30>
•2::t<»>-S.in Mateo, Mcnlo Park, Nan .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Ckiic,
SaHnas.MontereyßiuU'acificGroTe # IO:4O a
•:t::»»p San Jose ami Way .Stations &:43\
•4:aOi-Sa» Je«OßiJil Way Stations •8:O.1a
5:30 p S» . Jose and Principal Way Stations •8:43 A
o:.'JOi' San Joso ami Way Stat ions fi::i3\
1ll:45p San .lose hiii! Way Stations 17;43p
SAN LKANMBO AMI HAYWARI»^ LOCAL.
t»6:«e»- ( 7:13a
»:OOa i [51:15a
1» : J)Oa Kelrose, Seminary Park, ' iijJat
a *g% Flt,hbur , San »«J«g
»:0«p « d • 4:43p
4:OOp " 1 5:43p
3:O«p Hmwitilil 6:13p
s:.tor Hajward*. 7 . 41p
7:«»Op I ■• 8:43
»:OOp I. _ .. .. „_ 0:45p
«:0«»i» i * Runs throngh to Nile*. 1O:3Op
tfll:l3pj From Nilea. fU2.-OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN mNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— '
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. tl:flO ♦2:00 13:00
•4:00 (5:00. *6:oop.ii.
From 04KURD— Foot of Broidwtr , *6:00 8:00
10:00a.m. U2:50 . *l:00 J2:00 »3:00 Usi
*5:00r.M. ■ . ....
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepteii. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITuebdays and Saturdays. (Sundays and Thursday*.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
r>V (Via Sausalito Ferry).
IHblu Jfrancisco, Commencing Sepu 1& 189ft.
WIEXDAn
rttum Valley and ban Raf ael— *»7 l2B. •9il*\
ll:U0 a. M.; '1:45, 3:45, *5: 16. •5:45,6:30 P.*
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. Wedaa*
«ayaand baturdaytat 11:30 p. M.
Bt'XOAYa
For Mm Valley nnd Sen Jtnfael— •B:oo, •10:58
•11:30 *. M.: 'l^O. 3:00, »*:SO, 6:16». M.
Trains marked ■ run to sao Uuentln. '
i THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and wav stations— 7 t2S a. m.
Weekdays, 8«0 a. u. Sundays, 1:45 a, M. batn*
Cays. ■ ; ■ ' ■ . - . . r - • . . •
*'*r Caaadero and way statiooa— 7 ViS a, m. wa^M -
tfdr»l 1;45 r. m. q»turdvaj_ mm
56
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 5, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOB,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Pottage Fret:
Daily and Sunday Cam., week, by carrier. fO.IB
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally «nd Sunday Cam, six months, by ma.IL. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
buaday Call, ene year, by mall 1-60
V»KUU.Y Call, one year, by mall *•**
BUSINESS OPPICBt
710 Market Street,
Ebb Francisco, California.
Telephone icaln-186»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
TeJtphMM Mala-im
BRANCH OFFICES I
627 Montgomery »ir»et, corner CUrt opes untO
0:30 o'clock.
83* Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*; opes
cut ll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
67 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 O'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBi
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFPICBi
Booms 81 and 83, 84 Park How, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL,
Appropriation bills are looming up.
McKinley's Cabinet receives praise on
all sides.
The exposure of a liar is the vindication
of honesty.
The pilotage bill has struck a squall and
will need a good pilot to bring it safe
home.
Sprinkling rosewater on a dog-kennel
wastes the water and does not improve
the kennel.
If as it is now expected, we can get a new
tariff bill before July, what a grand jubilee
we will have on the glorious Fourth.
Utah has named her Senator and thus
one more deadlock is broken. The chances
now are that the next Senate will be a full
house.
The people who p«y 50 cents for Butler's
autograph are the latest illustrations of
the old proverb about a fool and his
money.
A new competitor is in the field for the
Union Pacific roid, and Uncle Sam's
chance for getting his money back is im
proving.
Before we get through with Willie
Hearst's gang we will force them to vin
dicate Senator White and the Park Com
missioners.
As one result of the glove contest law,
Nevada is already gettine a great deal of
advertising for its picturesque manners
and thrilline statutes.
The Bradley-Martina may rejoice In the
knowledge that they have given occasion
to more sermons than any forty other sin
ners in tne four hundred.
In askine for detailed statements from
the watercompany the Supervisors should
have included a statement of money paid
to blackmail journalists.
The Examiner actually boasts of having
got a story from Butler, just as if the Li
Yang Yuen incident was not enough of
that kind of thing for awhile.
When tbe water and gas companies
make a full report of their accounts the
people will be able to estimate what rates
the Supervisors ought to fix.
If no money is paid to blackmailers the
great corporations of the City and State
will be able to conduct their business more
cheaply for the benefit of the people.
The vindication of Mr. Fitch from the
assaults of the lampooners and carica
turists of the Examiner was good in itself,
but it is not enough. There are others.
The facility with which Butler reels off
his fake stories shows that he mistook his
vocation when he became a murderer. He
ought to have been a decadent journalist.
It seems that Mark Hanna is not going
to have the satisfaction of taking a seat in
the Senate without making a race for it.
In tbe politics of Ohio, there are no soft
snaps.
If tbe report is true that Eastern hat
manufacturers are paying good prices for
jackrabbit skins, California has a chance
to start a new industry and keep it moving
on the jump.
Whenever an act of corruption on the
part of the Examiner is exposed Willie
Hearst throws the blame on some of his
subordinates. There is more sneak in him
than in a snake.
A resolution has been favorably reported
to the State Senate appropriating $5 a day
to bupply the Senate with pure water, and
it is evident times have changed since the
Legislature of a thousand drinks.
The Supervisors have gone in the right
way about the work of lixing water rates.
When all the facts are known, it will then
be possible to form a just estimate of what
is fair for both the people and the cor
poration.
The Kansas story of blow snakes enter
ing a farmer's house and killing his
children by breathing on them may be
true, but there will be a suspicion that
there was a breath of Kansas whisky blown
about the house by somebody.
Bear in mind that the real issue between
The Call aud the Examiner is not whether
water and gas rates shall be reduced, but
whether rich corporations shall be made
to pay blackmail to rascals and then make
it up oy charges on tbe people.
"Blackmail I levy," says Lawrence with
a smirk;
"1 also lie and never like to work;
"But I've my uses." Here his tone
giows fierce,
"I bleed rich Willie and I fatten Bierce."
Senator Vilas declared on Wednesday
that the resolutions favoring the Nicaragua
canal adopted by several Democratic
National Conventions were "idle expres
sions." It is therefore gratifying to know
that the Senator himself will be politically
idle as soon as his present term is over.
The report that the convention of the
Christian Endeavor Society was to be taken
away from Ban Francisco has been em
phatically denied. It seems to have been
simply a Chicago fake, and was probably
the result of some decadent journalist in
that city trying to imitate the Li Yung
Yuen story.
THE AMENITIES OF JOURNALISM.
The republication in the Examiner on Wednesday of an editorial published in The
Call in May, 1895, commending Mr. Hearst and his paper furnishes a good occasion
for reviewing the course of The Call under its present management toward that jour
nal and its proprietor and toward ttie State at large.
The present proprietor of The Call in assuming control outlined a policy calcu
lated to advance the welfare ot the State by putting an end to those local and personal
jealousies and antagonisms which had bo often prevented the accomplishment of
great enterprises. The aim of the policy was to promote harmony in the State and
to bring about an era of good feeling which would enable all classes of the people and
all the newspapers to work together in unity for the general good.
It will be remembered that at the time this policy was announced it was denomi
nated by other papers in the State as "rosewater." It was, however, well received by
the people and by most of the newspapers. The term "rosewater" was not applied in
derision. As a matter of fact there did at that time arise a new impulse toward
harmony among Californians, and whether The Call caused that feeling or not it
certainly promoted it. We have seen many good results flow from it. One of these
is the accomplishment of the enterprise of constructing a competing railroad in the
San Joaquin Valley and another is the harmony and success with which the people of
California have acted in the effort to obtain a representative of the State in the
Cabinet of President McKinley.
It was in accordance with that policy The Call wrote its courteous words of Mr.
Hearst on the eve of his reported departure for a voyage around the world. We com
mended the Examiner then as we did all other papers in the City and in the State.
We had at that time no knowledge of ai.y corrupt practices on the part of Mr. Hearst,
nor had his paper then become so extravagantly sens-ational and so low and coarse as
it la now. Our commendation, therefore, was given in good faith, and as an evidence
that we cherished no jealousy agaiust our competitors in business, but were ready
and willing to give them credit for all that any of them could do to advance the wel
fare of California.
The courtesy of The Call was not well received by the Examiner. The managers
of tnat paper had knowledge which we did not possess. They knew that they were ex
torting money from corporations, that they were subsidized by the Southern Pacific
Company, that they were reachine for blackmail in every direction, and that the re
port of Mr. Hearst's voyage around the world was a lie. Knowing tnese things,
they knew ihat any permanent alliance with The Call was Impossible. They could
not hope for continued favor from an honest journal any more than from honest
people, and they began at once a course of attack against The Call designed to bring
its proprietor into disrepute and to injure the business of a rapidly growing rival.
The course of events soon led to the exposure of some of the corrupt practices in
the Examiner office. It was made known that at the v«ry time while the managers of
that paper were loudly asserting their regard for the public welfare thpy were drawing
secretly a subsidy of $1000 a month from the Southern Pacific Company.
Mr. Hearst has indeed tried to exonerate himself from the baseness of this secret
betrayal of the interests of the people by throwing the biame upon his subordinates.
His attempts in that direction, however, were more than counterbalanced by the fact
that he did not prosecute any of those subordinates for robbing him, and it is there
fora evident that they had duly turned the subsidy into his pocket. Moreover, in the
face of this charge he soon appointed to the control of the Examiner the notorious
Andrew Lawrence, whose familinr nickname of Long Qreen sufficiently attest* his
character and his repute in the community.
As soon as the exposure of the secret subsidy was made the Examiner became
more open in its attacks upon The Call. It directed its malice not aeainst the paper
only, but against the proprietor and his relatives and personal friends. The man
agers of Mr. Hearst set to work their wits and their viciousness to assail the new
proprietor of The Calt, even more bitterly than they had assailed the former propri
etor, Mr. Fitch. All their lampooners, their caricaturists, their sneaks, spies, libelers
and maligners were turned loose upon The Call, its proprietor and his relatives to do
their vicious work as best they could.
In making these attacks the E.r>tminer was wise in its generation. The managers
of that paper knew that between themselves and an honest newspaper there must
Booner or later be antagonism and conflict. There can be no friendship between hon
est men and blackmailers. It was a matter of prudence, therefore, for Mr. Hearst and
his satellites to take time by the forelock and begin the attacks on The Call at once,
so as to partially discredit whatever exposures it might make of the villainous prac
tices in which they engage.
The issue between The Call and the Examiner is now made up, and it Is for the
public to decide between them. There should be no mistake made as to what is the
true nature of the issue. Our present controversy with the Examiner is not over a ques
tion of water and gas rates. We are as de^ irous as is every one else to see San Fran
cisco supplied with cheaper water and with cheaper gas. The i^sue between us and the
managers of the Examiner is simply whether disreputable newspapers are to be al
lowed to levy blackmail upon rich corporations. On that issue we confidently appeal
to tne public. The tight with the 'Examiner is not of our making, and we are waging
it not for personal advantage but for tiie general good and the protection of capital
from the assaults of blackmailers and extortioners.
THE RIGHT WAY.
The Board of Supervisors has gone about
the work of fixing wa>r rates in the right
way. Tbe Water Committee of the board
at a meeting on Wednesday formally
called upon the water company to give a
detailed statement of nil facts and sta
tistics which will be necessary for the
board to have in order that it may fairly
and accurately calculate what charges the
company shall have the right to make
upon tbe people. The demands cover
nearly every feature of importance iv the
business, and if honestly complied with
will furnish to the public as well as to the
Supervisors sufficient data on which to
base a just estimate of what should be
allowed to the water company and what
should be expected from it.
The information asked for is confined
strictly to what may be called the legiti
mate business of the water company. This
was perhaps as much as the board had a
right todemand, but it might have thrown
a broad light upon the present situation
of affairs in this City if it had called also
for a statement from the water company
of the subsidies which it pays to news
papers, or to those who manage them.
Such a statement might not have had
any effect in determining what were the
honest expenditures and legitimate net
income of the company, but would have
been very pertinent to certain questions
now before the public.
That the people of San Francisco desire
cheaper water rates is unquestioned. Men
always wish to get the most possible for
the least outlay. That is the first step in
economy. Men who do not have such de
sires are thriftless and wasteful. It is
therefore not only natural but rignt that
the people should expect from the Board
of Supervisors to make for them the best
terms commensurate with justice and fix
the charges for water lower than they
have been in the past, if that can be justly
done.
Between this general desire for a cheaper
and, therefore, more economical water
supply and a wild demand for such a re
duction in water rates as would despoil
the company and diminish the value of
invested capital there is a wide gulf. The
one is honesty and fair dealing. The
other is the outcome of dishonesty ana a
spirit destructive to every interest of the
community. There is no large number of
people in San Francisco who favor any
thing like injustice to the water company.
The wild clamorers against corporations
are noisy, but they are not numerous.
The great majority of our citizens expect
the Board of Supervisors to do what is
right and fair and they have every gratifi
cation therefore in noting that the steps
thui far taken tend in that direction.
To carry on the war in Cuba Spain has
had to levy a tax on bread, with the result
that riots have broken out in several parts
of the kingdom. This would seem to be
the beginning of the end of the efforts at
the suppression of Cuba. When a Gov
ernment has to take bread from the
mouths of its own people in order to plun
der other?, it is time to quit and make
peace.
In securing the Countess of Aberdeen to
deliver the convocation address at the
next commencement of Chicago Univers
ity President Harper has once more
shown his ability to advertise his insti
tution. It was a ten-strike.
Thanks are due to the Nevada Legisla
ture for one thing. It has compelled Cor
bett and Fitzsimmons to quit bluffing and
talk business.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
THE FAKE AND THE FACT.
The Examiner has published for the past several days at the top of its title page
the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches "-•
' Of Ads During 1806.
* 5,964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner was probably not aware that a
careful record was being kept of the actual amount in inches of its advertising and
that in consequence it could be confronted with the following fact.
— — r l— l t*i *ry .a. €,_ mj^i
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches ©
Of Ads During 1806.
That is one fact, and here is another: j
• THE CALL PUBLISHED "
239,551 Inches ©
Of Ads During 1896.
~^ 3,023 More
Inches were published In THE CALL
than in the Examiner during 1806.
It is to be remembered that daring 1896 the Examiner published approximately
800 inches of illegal lottery advertisements, of which Thk Call did not and would not
publish one.
The monarch of the fakers has doubtless succeeded in securing thousands of
inches of advertising during the past year by dupine and deceiving advertisers through
false and arrogant assertions of the character of the foregoing fake. It would seem,
however, from the facts that the merchants as a rule have not been misled by its
fraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that its books are open to inspection, but we suggest that it
inspect its own books Defore it ventures upon the publication of another fake.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Qnericus— What do you find to be the most
difficult thing to compote ?
Mnsicifcn— The baby.— New York Journal.
Magistrate— What li iho charge against thii
man?
officer McGoDb— Profanity, sor. He Mid the
polace foorce was a gang of slobs.—lndianapo
lis Journal.
She— The Misses Brown usually sing duets,
do they not ?
He— Yes; they divide the responsibility.—
Puck.
Professor— You disturbed my lector* yester
day by loud talking.
Studen t— lm possible.
"But I heard you."
"Then I must have talked In my sleep."—
Fliegende Blaetler.
"I want to see the lady ot the house." laid
the wandering gentleman.
"I am she," replied the lady.
"Indeed ? You looked so perfectly happy
and independent thai I hope yon will excuse
me taking you lor the hired girl."—lndlauapo
' lis Journal.
PBOSPERITY'S BETURN.
The complaint comes from some quar
ters that the prosperity promised upon
the triumph of MrKiniey has not put it
self much in evidence, and discontent is
felt because an overwhelming confusion
of the financial policy championed by
Bryan has uot come in the form of a great
rush of business — a magic transition from
deep depression to everywhere overflow
ing cups of plenty. These complaints
and discontents are signs of impatience
rather than of reason. After the long
depression caused by the Democratic
tariff prosperity cannot return in a single
season.
It will be remembered that for several
months after tDe resumption of Bpecie
payment in 1879 many of the great staple
products stubbornly refused to rise in
price, and the same questions as to the
whereabouts of promised prosperity were
a«ked by the doubters of those days as
aro being querulously put now. Then, as
now, however, the good seed was slowly
germinating in ths ground, unseen by the
superficial observer, yet in bountiful
preparation all the same to turn the win
ter ol discontent into glorious summer.
A t the end of a year from specie resump
tion the average of railway stocks had
risen from $33 to $65, and in the third year
to $92 15. Investment stocks rose 42 per
cent in three years, manufacturing stock
45 per cent, and bank stock 20 per cent.
Notwithstanding the slowness of the start
and the continued clamor of the discon
tented, who were too blind to see the pro
cesses of steady growth, the statistics
showed that the volume of business grew
in one year more than 40 per cent, and in
three years the earnings of the railroads
had reached tie immense increa»e from
$490,000,000 to $725,000,000.
Even if the return of prosperity now
were as slow and slight as those over
hasty critics would have the country be
lieve, its lingering is thus seen to be no
evidence that it is not abundantly coming
in the time required for a steady and
healthy expansion. A too rapid develop
ment is often the forerunner of a disas
trous crash in the world of business. The
long depression inflicted upon the country
by the folly of Democratic legislation is
already passing away, and before the year
closes we shall have evidences of a coming
prosperity as great as that which slowly
but surely followed the resumption of
specie payment.
GROWS GREAT PLURALITY.
Washington Post.
Representative at Large Galusha A. Grow of
Pennsylvania has the proud distinction of
having received at the last two elections a
larger plurality than any other candidate for
any office in any State in the Union. His
plurality in 1804 wss 246,462 an<? in the last
election it was over 2:)7,00(J, or 4000 more
plurality thßn Mr. McKiuley received; in the
State. Another peculiar feature in Mr. Urow's
early political life was that he was legislated
out of office b7 bis own party. He represented
a district in 1860 that gave a majority of
about 10.000. Two other districts in Pennsyl
vania at, th.'.t time also gave overwhelming
Republican mnjnrities, and in redistricting
the State on the basis of the vote lor President
Lincoln, a strong Democratic comity was
a Mod to each one ot three Republican dis
tricts, in the hope ot preventing the election
of Democratic Representatives. The result was
ilisastrous, especially in the district which had
formerly been repre«ented by Mr. Grow, for he
whs defeated in 1862 by 1400 majority. With
one exception, this district remained Demo
cratic for many years. Last year, however,
the same counties gave him over 11,000 ma
jority.
SHERMAN, <MA-R, GLADSTONE.
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
A Democratic paper complains that Secretary
Sherman lacks Imagination. The charge ap
plies also to Julian Crpsnr and Gladitone, who
ntver drew udoii thai faculty when they wrote
a report or made an estimate.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Jose Echegaray, Spain's great playwright, is
64 years old. He Is an engineer and a mathe
matician. He was once a minister ol State.
He has written fllty-two plays.
Kine Humbert of Italy is the most heavily
insured man in the world. The amount of
Insurance he carries is over $2,500,000. The
late Czar Alexander 111 was insured for
$5,000,000.
Ex-Secretary John TV. Foster Is teaching a
Bibie class in the New York Avenue Baptist
Church of Washington, which is attended by
about sixty people. Including several public
men.
Mrs. La Barthe, a Representative of Salt
Lake County, recently proposed the first bill
ever introduced in a Utah Legislature by a
woman. The measure was directed against
the view-obstructing theater hat.
Miss Estelle M. Davidson, a young woman 22
years old, a native of lowa, but a resident of
Nebraska, is said to be one of the brightest
lawyers In the northwestern part of that State.
She was recently elected County Attorney of
Brown County.
UNCLE SAM HAS FIRST-RATE WARSHIPS.
It was "Fighting Bob" Evans who remarked, when he heard that Spanish ire had beei
aroused almost to war-declaring heat, on account of American sympathy with the Cubai
belligerents, that il Congress gave our battle
ships a chance at the Spanisn fleets the Span
ish tongue would very soon enjoy a sort of
monopoly in the domain of his Majesty oi the
cloven hoof.
He aid not say it in just those words.
Nevar mina tUat, however.
It is all very well to make those grandilo
quent boasts.
Kobody who it at all acquainted with your
Uncle Samuel has the least suspicion ol a
doubt of his ability to trounce Spain in short
order without even shedding his coat.
But the science of naval warfare has put
certain strong weapons into the hands of in
ferlor powers.
Those submarine torpedoes, for instance,
could be made to play havoc with big iron
clads in their present condition.
One of those death-dealing missiles approaching unseen a formidable battle-ship, and shat
tering the hull beiow the surface ol the water, might sink a veritable army to the bottom of
the sea in a very tew minutes.
But science has come to the front again with a means to protect battle-ships from torpedo
attacks.
The torpedo will stand not a ghost of a show when the new scheme is adopted by the navy.
This is interesting.
With tne new torpedo-killer In use Evans might, in csse of such a war as the one that was
threatenea a while ago, come pretty near proving himself a prophet.
You are curious to know what this latest and most effective design to render torpedoes
harmless may fee.
Your curiosity will be satisfied in Tire Sunday Call.
If you want to know the fashloni—
Latest possible from Paris;
If you want of social gossip
All that lateu in the air ii;
If you hanker after knowledge
From the seething brain of science;
If you want to learn the nature
Of tho latest war appliance;
If you like delightful reading-
Stories, poems, rare and clever;
If you want to learn the reaches
Of industrial endeavor;
If you want all this and more, and
If you want it served up neatly,
You will read The Sunday Call, and
Thus be satisfied completely.
However, ordinary prose is better than bad verse.
It isn't news to you, perhaps, that the ancient Egyptians appreciated the cat as a house
hold genius so highly that they deified, or at least "beatified" it in their sacred calendar and
that its mummy is found entombed along with those of Pbaraohs and high priests.
The Aryan leeend, "The Cat of Knowledge," which has come down to our times and
climes as "Puss in Boots," is evidence of the estimation In which the animal was held on the
Himalayan plateau, from whence our race descended to cover the earth with knowledge
while in modern times the well-known tale of "Whittington and His Cat" sustains the repu
tation for energy and dash that the feline race has obtained wherever it has dwelt
Thk Sunday Call will tell you something new about cats, and about one cat in particular,
for which certain people of to-day in this country have much the same regard as the ancient
Egyptian had for his cat, and any offer of sale would be declined and regarded as nothing short
of sacrilege. This cat's exploits are looked upon with wonderment, and any serious mishan to
this most remarkable feline would be regarded as a most dire calamity
It is known as the "Black Cat," but it isn't the frightful *md of a thing thtt Edrar Allan
Poe described.
This is a real nice cat, which performs odd tricks and shows the most remarkable Intelli
gence.
You will read all about It In The Bt-nday Call.
PERSONAL
M. M. Corey of Spokane ia at the Rosa.
Dare Lowry of Butte is on a visit here.
George Orcutt of lowa Is a late arrival here.
11. 11. Smith of Uanby, England, Is In the
City.
H. L. Shannon of Redding Is a recent arrival
Here.
J. H. Fairbanlc of Winchendon, Mtss., Is in
town.
A. D. Foote of Grass Valley arrived here last
night.
\V. P. Long, an attorney of Nevada City, Ib
in town.
W. B. Jeffrey, a mining man of London, is In
tfte City.
A. Eamesof Hornitos ia here on & brief busi
ness trip.
Postmaster Thomas Fox of Sacramento is at
the Lick.
R. s. Serbert oi Los Angeles arrived here
yesterday.
John T. Ronntree, a mining man of Denver,
is at the Palace.
Professor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford Univer
sity is at the Palace.
Phil Hirshfeld. a general goods dealer of Los
Angeles, is in town.
Hal A. Green, a business man of Beaumont,
Texas, is on a visit here.
A. G. Rolf, a mining engineer oi Mexico, is
among those at the Kuss.
Thomas E. Keating, a race-horse owner of
Pleasanton, is at the <iran<i.
D. W. Hudson and wife of Portland is a late
arrival at the Cosmopolitan.
E. J. CahilL a wealthy land-owner of San
Martin, is here for a few days.
Jerome Dockery, a mining mnn of Pokegama
is among the late arrivals here.
B. F. Shepherd Jr., a real estate dealer of
Fresno, is among the late arrivals.
Edwin Jasper and brother are here from
Sonora, and are at the Cosmopolitan.
D. V. Wilkison arrived from Hopland yester
day, and is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
E. D. Snider, a prominent business man of
Salt Lake City, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. (i.G. Brlggs of Parisville, the owner of
two large ranches near that place. Is on a visit
here.
J. H. Taylor of Navarro, the contractor for
the ties for the Valley Railroad, is among the
arrivals here.
Allan Towle, the extensive lumberman of
Towles, on the Central Pacific Railroad In the
Sierras, is in the City.
P. H. Eornig, a missionary of Kobe, Japan, is
among the late arrivals here. He is accom
panied by Yrs. Sornlg.
B. S. Little, a wealthy owner of timber lands
and business man of Humboldt County, ar
rived here yesterday. He is at the Russ.
Joseph K. Walker, the wealthy banker and
pioneer settler of Salt Lake, is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by Mrs. Walker and
Joseph R. Walker Jr.
Captain JL E. Lombard, & wealthy resident
of Portland, who years ago commauded a de
tachment of the Chinese army, and who was
for a time military instructor for the Chinese,
is at the Grand.
Among tne arrivals at the Occidental yester
day was Mrs. George Flavel of Astoria, and
Misses Nelile and Katherine Flavel, who have
for some time past been in Paris and other
cities of Europe.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 4.— At the Bt. Cloud,
J. C. White; Sturtevant, Dr. J. Q. Dixon; Marl
boro, J. C. Welster; Vendome, Miss M. Wilson;
Union Square, IX W. Blackburn; Albert, G. B.
Cramer; Imperial, B. Hart, Miss Gertrude
Buck. Theodore Michaelis arrived in from
Bremen on the Trave.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON-
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4. — Henry D.
Forbes and H. C. Burleigh, Lob Angeles; L. B.
Ward, San Francisco.
WHY DONT YOU LAUGH?
Why don't yon langh, young man, when troubles
come,
Instead of sitting 'round so soar and glum T
You cannot have all play,
And sunshine every day; •
When troubles come, I say, why don't you laugh?
Why don't you laugh? 'Twill ever help to
soothe
The aches and pains. No road In life is smooth;
There's many an unseen bump,
And many a hidden stump
O'er which you'll have to Jump. Why don't you
laugh?
Why don't you taught Don't let your spirits
wilt.
Don't alt and cry because the milk: you've SDllt;
i If you would mend It. now,
Pray let me tell yon how :
Just milk another cow ! Why don't you laugh?
Why don't you laueh, and make us all laugh, too,
And keep us mortal* all from getting bine?
A laugh will ways win;
If you can't laugh, just grin;
Come on, let's ail join in ! Why don't you laugh?
Jakes Cocbtnky «jhalli's In .the Indepen
dent. _^____^___^^
REVIVING PROSPERITY.
Indianapolis Journal.
The opinion expressed by Andrew Carnegie
is that entertained by business men generally,
viz.: that present conditions are all favorable
for a revival of prosperity, and that when
spring opens it will come to stay.
IN FRATERNAL BONDS.
An Initiation and .Entertainment by Ivy
Chapter, Order of the Eastern
Star.
Last Tuesday night the hall in which Ivy
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star holds
its meetings was crowded with members and
visitors to •witness the Initiation of two candi
dates. There were present visitors from Golden
Gate, Mission, Harmony, Esther of Nevada, San
Jose and Seattle chapters, and they were the
witnesses of the rendition of the work In a
manner that won for those who conducted it
the openly expressed laudation of many. The
ceremony of initiation in this order it a most
beautiful one, and when it is well performed,
as it was on Tuesday night, it creates a feeling
of the most intense admiration for those who
are joined in the bond of fraternal love. After
the singing of the closing ode there was an
adjournment to the banquet hall, where a fine
collatiou was served to the members and visi
tors. During the evening there were short
addresses by Grand Secretary Sirs. Kate J.
milats, Grand Organist and Worthy Matron
of Golden Gate Chapter Mrs. George L Dar
ling; Mrs. Marie L. Coffin, worthy matron of
Esther Chapter ot Carson City, Nev.: Tren
more Coffin, past patron of the same chapter;
James A. Wilson of Mission Chapter; John
Hatfleld Gray, past patron; Worthy Matron
Mrs. Jennie Abbott Graves, and Wormy Patron
Elwood Perry Morey of Ivy Chapter and
others. Mr. Wilson of the "baby chapter"
proved himself an admirable after-dinner
speaker, and the manner In which he ac
quitted himself insures for him an engage
ment to speak in every chapter he may visit.
Mr. Coffin of the chapter in the land of sage
brush said that he felt convinced that in the
future Esther Chapter will receive mnny visi
tors, now that slogging matches are permitted
In Nevada.
On Tuesday, the 16th Inst., Ivy Chapter will
Rive its 1897 greeting to its friends in Golden
Gate Hall. There will be an entertainment
and dancing. -. •
Native Sons of the Golden West.
H. J. Seitr, J. B. Stovedal, L. F. Byington. H.
C. Pasquale and J. B. Cropp, the committee of
arrangements having charge of the celebra
tion to be held next Monday In commemora
tion of the anniversary of the dedication of
the Native Sons' Hall, on Mason street, has
been energetically at work and has prepared
an excellent programme for the occasion.
During the entertainment the following
named vocalists ana musicians will take part:
Robert Lloyd, Mrs. Madden, Hawaiian sextet,
Miss Lulu Mephan, Professor Cipollinl and
James Nounan, Arthur Sngden, F. K. Tobin
Miss Nelye Guistl and the Knickerbocker
quartet. The entertainment will be followed
by a dance. This entertainment and dance to
be given by the Hall Association, of which
Mayor James D. Phelan ■is president and
Adolph Eberhart is secretary, promises to be
one of the greatest social events ever given
by the Native Sons.
The Independent Foresters.
The large hall in Sbiels building in which
Valley Lodge of Workmen holds its sessions
was crowded on Tuesday night by the mem
bers of Court Yerba Buena, Independent Or
der of Foresters. The occasion was an open
meeting got up under the supervision of the
committee of arrangements composed of Ben
I. Salomon, William A. Currier and L. Ballart
and it presented a most excellent programme
by the best amateur talent obtainable in the
City. During lne ' evening m ti Chief Ranger
G. A. McMfresh delivered a twenty minutes'
address explanatory of the order and its prin
ciples, which proved most Interesting to those
who were present and not members of the
Foresters. The following was the programme •
Overture, Rudolph Hahn and William Cella
rlus: stereopticon views (California scenery)
Dr. E. G. Eisen ; soprano solo (selected), Miss
Ella, Donlon, accompanist Miss Bertha Maher
violin solo (Spanish danse No. 8, Sarasate)'
Henry Larsen; recitation. Miss Lillie Semmes
song, "Maid of Cadiz" (Delibes), Miss Ma
Cullen; recitation, Thomas Maher; pianosolo
Miss Treigay : barytone solo, L. Lightbody • in
trumentaUelections, Professor Charles Grae
ber and his celebrated class of mandolin
guitar and banjo students. The several num
bers were loudly applauded and in each in
stance an encore was insisted ' on. Dancing
followed. ■
The Odd Fellows.
Grand Patriarch Doran announces the following
visitations for the current month: Ist, Mania
Rosa, Santa Rosa: 4th, Magnolia, Los Angeles
6th. Morse, San Bernardino; 6th, Laurel, Sania
Ana: 11th. Santa Monica, Santa Monica- 12th
Star, Riverside; 13ih, Orange Grove, Los Angeles;
F^ndM*"?*?!: 8 » n Die 0: 16th - olive Branch,
Jo«M'erce t ( , blPllS * Qen '' Pasadena; "tl.. fca'n
r Jin ° ?n1 W r » ual3 for the encampments will not be
Th« for delivery until the close of the month.
*tluZ\ i?i*^ of , Unlt y Encampment were ln
?»ifh n^ . Tuesday by 1.-piuy John A. Poster
the^iMtaaat^r ceremou r which marks
R/ L S?i-^«?. rB<l V Qr * n<l P»rlarch Dormn. Grand
bcriDe i lillam Henry Barnes, Grand Master War
boy«, Grano. bacretary Shaw, Grand Repreienta
tive Downs, Past Urand Patriarchs Black, Load
and Croasett and a delegation from Oriental En
campment and one from Can:on No. 5 visited Sun
set encampment of Aiameaa and wltneised a
uplendid Installation of tee. officers or th*t en
campment by Deputy C. H. Wever, assisted by
Oeorge Kirk as marsnat. A banquet followed and
aaawsses were made by the visitors and others.
Friends of the Forest.
The members of Pioneer Parlor, Friends of
the Forest, had a very interesting meeting on
Tuesday night In St. George's Hall. A num
ber of candidates were initiated, after which
there was an impromptu programme, and a
pleasant evening was spent. Among those
who took part were Mrs. E. B. Turner, who
gave a piano solo; Mrs. M. A. Neale, who ren
dered a vocal solo, and F. D.Brandon, who
gave a recitation. During the evening the
parlor received a visit from Lincoln Parlor
After the entertainment there were dancing
and refreshments. As soon as another parlor
shall have been instituted steps will be taken
to institute a grand parlor.
FIRST CATCH YOUR HARE
The Hare Is Caught— Both Railroads
Are *'orfe.ile&.
To the Editor of the San, Francisco Call—Sin:
For years there has been talk of Government
ownership o f railroads, but how are we to get
possession of the roads— how first catch the
hare? That has ever been the question of the
objector, ana whatever others may think, he
has insisted that his question has never been
answered, at least not to nis satisfaction. But
at last he has an answer. That objection no
longer exists so far as the Union and Central
Pacific railroads are concerned, though the
general public seems to be ignorant of thisim
portpnt fact. At first thought it is cause for
astonishment that such ignorance is general,
and but lew even suspect the truth of tho
mutter; yet who can name the great daily
newspaper which has giveu the subject a thor
ough investigation ? I can name but one— the
Philadelphia Item— a stalwart Republican
newspaper which champions and glories in
genuine reforms.
In a strong editorial of December 29 last
tbe Item calls attention to "the long and
strikingly able speech of Senator Morgan of
Alabama," in which he declares that in "the
Charter of the Union Pacific and Central Pa
cific roads, and in various measures which
have become laws since the charters were
granted, there was fixed in iavor ol the United
States a strict statutory lien upon these prop
erties which lias never been surrendered ana
which differs d'ametrlcally from a mortgage,
providing specifically that upon the failure of
these corporations to meet the payment of the
maturing bonds the whole properties of these
companies are forfeited by the operation of
law. Both these corporations "having de
faulted in their payments, they have no more
right in the properties covered by their char
ters than has auy citizen." In tact, "their
right of property ceases and passes by opera
tion of law into the hands of the Govern
ment."
According to Senator Morgan "these proper
ties belonged to the Government when the first
lorteiture occurred." He goes on to say that
"numbers of eruuite gentlemen have insisted
that the Government ought not to own tuese
properties, and they have seemed to Buppo^e
that it would require some new legislation for
that ownership to come about; whereas, in the
very charters under which these railroad
companies were organized, a proviso for tho
ownership of these properties by the Govern
ment was expressly made, the conditions all
stated and tne manner of acquirine actual
possession provided for; and to-day, instead of
having to enact laws to take possession of
these properties, or to declare a forfeiture ol
them if we propose to sell them, we shall have
to repeal the laws which now stand."
This explicit statement of the law and the
facts in the case is not denied or controverted.
It thus appears that the hare is caught — the
Government now owns one of the great trunk
lines traversing the western half of the conti
nent, and it is in order for those men and
newspapers which have so vociferously and
strenuously opposed the infamous lunding
bills, but felt constrained to remain silent as
to Government ownership while these billi
were pending before Congress, to announce
their championship of their concealed con
victions and declare for Government owner
ship and operation of these forfeited roads.
As the Item of January 15 pointedly lays:
"No question is raised in congress over the
right'of present Government ownership, but
it is being willfully ignored. Congressmen
who refer to it are sat down upon," and "there
are newspapers in plenty who by silence or
open support arc willing to see the public de
frauded.''
In a ringing editorial, January 25, the
Item warns the people "that there is a scanda
lous deal afoot to rob the public in the matter
of the Union and Central Pacific railroads."
"This new^form of robbery, embracing many
millions, as the throwing away of the present
Government ownership of these roads, ac
quirea by the original contract with the Got.
eminent in 1802, which provides that in de
fault of payment by the railways of the ma
tured Government bonds, default beginning
January 1, 1897, these railways become the
sole property of the United States. Under tho
command of President Cleveland foreclosure
proceedings began two days since, January 23.
to sell the Union Pacific and the Kansas Pa
cific at a public sale; but according to pub
lished reports this whole procedure was insti
gated by the security-holders outside of the
Government, beaded by the old ring which
has already made so many millions most scan
dalously out of the Government."
Our silent friends who profess to believe in
Government ownership are also warned by
tho Item that "although the sale must be open
and public, In form at least, the ring which Is
in fact forcing the sale comprises all the
known bidders in the market. This ring is
prepared to put the sale through with a rush
before trie public and Congress really compre
hend what is beiug done." There is also a
plot to depreciate the value of the Central Pa
cific property, ns dependent on the Union
Pacific, by the sal© of the latter road first. No
one believes that the Government will realize
much by the sale to the ring of these railroads,
while the opportunity will be lost to operate
them as Government roads. It seems to me
that the whole country ought to be ablaze
with indignation over this bold and impudent
betrayal of a trust of such magnitude to the
Nation, and that the people should arise in
their might and assemble in vast mass-meet
ings In every State of the Union to thunder
their anathemas against our public traitors
and thwart this gigantic scheme of plunder
and prevent this National calamity. But Is
there any hope that it will be done ?
Joseph Asbury Johnson.
11 Enex street, Feb. 4, 1897.
French nougat and fruit glace. 90S Larking
» ♦ — •
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Townsend's.*
» • m
The friends of Mr. Moody are planning to
celebrate the sixtieth anniversary of the evan
gelist's birth by raising funds for the erection
of a chapel at Northfleld, Mass. Through the
efforts of Rev. F. B. Meyer, the English
preacher, half the amount will probably be
raised in that country and the other half 'will
be subscribed here. The amount necessary la
estimated at $25,000.
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
"What do you do with all the ugly bric-a
-brac you get at Christmas?"
"I keep it in a bedroom that I let Bridget
dust."— Chicago Record.
"Mrs. Wliiilows Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. It eoothestbe child, softens the cum*
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates be Bowels
Mid is the beat remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing . from tee'.h Ing or other causes. *or sale by drug
gists in every part of the world. Ba sure and aslc
tor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle,
» ■» — »
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Ronod-trlp tickets, by steam>
•alp. Including fifteen days' board M the Hotel d»l
Coronado, $65 ; longer stay $"_> SO per day. ▲»•«#
A New Montgomery at., San Francisco.
• — ♦ — •
Hisdkscorxs makes comfort for the feet and
easy walking by removing the corns. 15 eta.
I'AitKKß's Hair Balsam is life to the hair.
• — ♦ — • *
Mild, but always effective, Ayer's Pills are In
dispensable as a family medicine, both for children
and adults,
- Burnett's Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery. 26c.
• — ♦ — •
Miss Almeric Hugh Paget, the Duchess of
Marlborough, and the Countess of Castellan©
are all devoted to bowling, and Miss Helen
Gould has a fine bowling-alley at her place in
Irvington-on-the-Hudson.
HEW to-dav:
If we told you that your
baby was starving, that it
actually didn't get enough
to eat, you might resent it.
And yet there are thousands
of babies who never get the
fat they should in their food
or who are not able to digest
the fat that they do get. Fat
is a necessity to your baby.
It is baby life and baby
beauty. A few drops; of
Scott's Emulsion for. all little
ones one, two and three
years of age is better than
cream for them. They
thrive and grow on it.
SCOTT & BOWWB, Chembte, N«w Y«SfcFRIDAY ~77 1 . ;::. -\ RY 5. 1h97
AMUSEMENTS. ,< •
' Baldwin Theatkr -"Mary Stuart."
Columbia Thkatkr --The Proilgal Father.*
M-okoscos Opkra-Hovse. — -The Westerner."
Alcazar Thfatkk A Legal Wreck.'
Tivoi.i Opkra House — -Aladdiu; or, The
Wonderful Lamp '
Orphkum.— High-Class Vaudeville.
• * coopeu Mkdical • ■•• I.KCi I •.— i,nne Lectures.
Btrrko Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
<Thk ckutm and skating Rink— Daily at
iialght street, one block fast of the Park.
•.Pacific Coast Jockky Club.— Races to-day.
ALCIiON IAUS.
EY char. Lkyy 4 Co.— ThU da*. February 5.
Tornlture at salesroom, 11 Si Market street, at 10
•/clock.
'By- Indiana Auction Co.-This dav, February
B furniture, at 1057 Market si., at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The musicians of the San Francisco Sym
phony Society played yesterday in a haze of
Smoke.
Adeline Warner has been granted a divorce
from Charles G. Warner, on tho ground of ex
treme cruelty.
* An expedition will be organized to go to the
Fa,rnl!ones to kill off the seals as a measure of
protection to the salmon.
Mrs. Stanford has decided to sell about
$1,000..000 worth of her estate for the benefit
of the college at Palo Alto.
The Golden Gate Electric Company has been
organized to supply light, heat and power to
residents of San Francisco.
' Walter Harris, 14 years of ape, fell from the
deck of the steamship llellen Wednesday
morning and was drowned.
.' August Van Bergen, the ••veil-known saloon
keeper on Eansome street, died yesterday at
his -resilience on Capp street.
Private dispatches state positively that
Judge McKenna has been notified that he will
have a place in the Cabinet.
John Trapp, a carpenter, was killed by the
counter balance In the elevator shaft at
Smith's Cash Store yesterday.
Rev. Dr. C. W. Wendte delivered an illus
trated lecture at Golden Gate Hall last night,
entitled "How the Dutch Took Holland."
-.Martin Haurwitz, who recently returned
from the Transvaal, Fays thr't Californlans
have done wonders in the Dark Continent.
It will probably rain to-day, but the storm
will -break, and there will be fresh westerly
winds, according to Alexander McAdie's fore
cast. -
"• Mrs. Lucinda Holstrom will appear In Judge
Coffer's court on the 9th inst. to urge her pe
tition for possession of her foster daughter,
Effre. .
." 'Anna Dorgan has applied for special letters
of administration on the estate of Catherine
Martin, deceased, who left property worth
$3900.
. Mrs. Kate Dalton has applied for letters tes
tamentary on the estate of her late husband,
John. Patrick Dalton. The property is worth
$10,000.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott gave a small dance last
evening, complimentary to Miss Helen Hop
kins, Miss Cunningham and Miss Caro
Crockett.
■ • The captains of the teams to compete in the
! international tug-of-war February 27 met last
nipht and signed the contracts for their re
spective teams.
Thomas P. Maddens will has been filed for
.probate. All the estate Is bequeathed to Mrs.
' Frances Davis and Miss Fannie Davis, share
and share alike.
Louise C. Johnson has applied to the Supe
rior Court to have the name of her sou by a
foripex marriage changed from Otto C. Nelson
to Otto C. Johnson.
Wins? Hung, a poor ■ Chinese laborer, after
tl.ree attempts to commit suicide, finally suc
ceeded by hanging himself in me Receiving
■ Hospital last night.
Hon. Charles A. Sumner's name appeared in
! Rev. Dr. Haweis* new book, and this fact led
some Eastern papers into making a ridiculous
.criticism of tne volume.
.Dr* Washington Ryer's estate will pay $15,
--.000 to each of the seven charitable institu
lions mentioned In the will, and the affairs of
Hie estate will be settled.
The Pioneers have lost another of their
number in the person of William I. Tustin,
•who died at his residence in the Mission yes
terday at the age ot 79 year*.
[ Victor S. Wolf, a drummer from New York
•who was arrested in Los Angeles Wednesday,
is/ivanted in this City on three charges of ob
taining .money by false pretenses.
•Two first choices won at Ineleside yesterftay.
The first horses past the wire were: Harold
Lindsay, Lou Lou R, llobaluska, Lucky Dog,
Morte Fonso and Summertime.
H. G. Lehman of Grass Valley, who was
brought to this City by 8 United States Mar
.shal yesterday to answer a charge of illicit dis
trlling, was released on $1000 bonds.
Robert N. Lynch, secretary to Rev. J. George
Gibson oi the Emmanuel Baptist Church, is
going to Louisville, Ky., to study )or the min
istry in the Southern Baptist Theological
Seminary.
Neville Castle, son of the late Michael Cas
tle, and Miss Mary Crlttenaen Scott were mar
- ied last evening at the bride's home, 1036
Val.ejo street, Rev. Mr. Lion of St. .Stephen's
perfprraed the wedding ceremony.
Department Commander Mastellar of the
G. A. R. Paid yosterday that he would be will
ing to serve on the committee to form a local
branch of the Cuban League of the United
Rates, as did also Assistant Adjutant-General
Robinson.
T- P. MADDENS WILL.
.VI I of the Testator's Property Be
queathed to Two Friends
The will of the late Thomas P. Madden
has been filed for probate. It is holo
graphic in form. The clause disposing of
the testator's property reads as follows:
I give and bequeath to my good friends, Mrs.
'Frances C. Kinzer Davis and Ml-.R Fanny St.
George Deris (mother and daughter), now re
siding at 162'J Washington street, ban Fran
cisco, all of my estate, real, personal and
mixed, share and share alike.
The value of the estate is said to be on
known. The property consists of real es
tate in Lake County and San franciMCo
and may foot up $50,000.
The petition for the probate of the will
is presented by Attorneys Sawyer <fc Bur
n»M and is signed by the legatees men
tioned in the will.
Street-Sweeper Kills Himself.
P. W. Winkley, a street-sweeper, committed
suicide in a rear room of the saloon corner
Gough and Haigbt streets yesterday by as
phyxiation. He stopped up all the crevices of
the doors and windows and turned on the gas.
Deceased leaves a wife and family and de
spondency is supposed to be the cause of his
self-destruction.
• — * — ■»
The speed oi a wild duck is ninety miles
an hour.
inrw to-day.
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, Itch-
° in;, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
. with Cuticura Soap/ and gentle anointings
' with &uticl'ba (ointment), the great skin cure.
(uiicura
' la told the world. P«TT»t D«tJO Cam.
Coup.. Sole Prop*., Uotton. _-_ '
■ aa- " Uoir to Produce Soft, WhlU Hindi," in*.
ITCHING HUMORS *tJS&3SSSJr -
niI I" 1 1 111 Sciatica, weak backs, pain*
. nil 111 A ful kidneys, uterine pains,
sore lungs, relieved quick as
TI C M an electric flash by Collins*
_ llwlll Voltaic Electric PUsters.
IRONED SAILORS
REGAIN LIBERTY
Two Stowaways en the C.
D. Bryant Steal the
Ship's Boat.
They Broke the Chain That
Bound Them acd Finally
Reached Shore.
The American Schooner Nokomis
Mad? a Smart Voyage From the
Hawaiian Isles.
The American schooner Nokomis got in
from Hilo, Hawaiian islands, yesterday
in the smart time of twelve days. She
made a pretty picture as she lurled her
sails and dropped anchor in the vicinity
of the Swanhilda. Captain Roos says
that it was the rou^ht^t voyage he ever
experienced, and that lie sighted nothing
in tne shape ot a sail from the day he left
Hiio until he reach? 1 the Farallones. The
wind being fair he refused a tow and
sailed into port. Tlic Nokomis is sugar
latien and will po to the refinery to-day.
There was more trouble among the men
on the C. D. Bryant yesterday. When
Captain Lee sailed bis vessel into port he
had two stowaways in irons. The men re
fused ;o work, so they were put on a bread
and water diet. Lost Wednesday night
they were locked up us usual, and the
chief officer saw 10 it that they wero
Btcarely handcuffed together.
Yesterday morning they were gone and
also tue captain 3 gig. Tne Jatter was
picked up by an incoming towboatand
returned to the barkentine. Later in the
Jay the men turned up at the Harbor
Police station and gave themselves up.
They had managed to sever the chain that
kepi them together, but could not g^t off
the cuffs and they wanted Captain Dun
leavy to help them out. The latter lis
tened to their tale of woe and went for
Captain Lee. The latter said he did not
want to prosecute them, and said if they
would row the boat back to the C. D. Bry
ant be would give them a note to the
mate instructing him to unlock the hand
cuffs and let them go. This the men
agreed to do, ana laier on they were put
ashore and now they say they will prose
cute Captain Lee for cruelty.
Deputy Sheriff Harris of Tulare County
was in an awkward predicament yester
day. He had a prisoner with him who
had been sentenced to :i long term in San
Quentin, but, unfortunately, when lie
reached the Tiburon ferry he discovered
that he had left tbe commitment papers
behind him. lie toon his man orer to the
Harbor Police station and expla ned his
predicament. Captain Dunleavy took
charge of the man, and Harris at once
telegraphed for the commitment to be
sent on. In explaining the matter he
said that in changing bis clothes before
leaving he left the necessary papers in the
clothes he had laid off.
The question of pilotage, commerce and
navigation will evidently be well threshed
out during the present session of the Leg
islature. President Colnon, Commis
sioner Chad bourne and Chief Engineer
Holmes of the Harbor Commission have
been summoned to Sacramento to give
evidence in the above matters, in so far as
they affect the port of San Francisco.
Commissioner Cole would also have gone
to Sacramento, but at the present time he
is confined to nis bed with a severe attack
of stomach trouble. His friends, how
ever, expect to see him out and about
again in a few days.
The steam schooner Farallon sailed
again on her regular run last Wednesday.
The owners have twice attempted to cur
tail expenses by cutting down the number
of the engineer's staff, and on each ocea-
Bion the Marine Engineers' Association
has protested. On the first occasion the
vessel was delayed several days and then
the owners gave in. On the second occa
sion the vessel was tied up and all hands
discharged. Finally she was again put
in commission and the engineers have
won the day.
Captain Ryder of the ship Elwell has
won another suit of clothes. He made the
round trip between San Francisco ana
Nanaimo, B. C, in leas than thirty dnys
for the fourteenth time, and Captain W.
Michel! is beginning to think it is time to
call a halt or else raise the standard. The
Elwell made the run from Nanaimo in
thirteen days, which is very quick time
considering the adverse winds encoun
tered.
IN A HAZE OF SMOKE.
First Concert Given by the San
Francisco Symphony
Society.
Excitement Csus d by the Accidental
Burning of Some Paper at the
Columbia Theater.
Despite the weather the first concert
of the San Francisco Symphony Society
was well attended, and excitement was
not wanting.
During the first number, "Erne Faust
Overture" by Wagner, the attention of
the audience was suddenly distracted by
the atmosphere becoming heavy with
smoke, and the beauty of the music was
for a moment forgotten. At the close of
the number the smoke became almost un
bearable, and as the aulience was getting
restless it was explained that some paper
had been thrown on the furnace fire and
the smoke came in through the fines. The
musicians played in a decided haze tne
rest of the afternoon.
Dvorak's symphony in D major followed
and was beautifully interpreted by Mr. Hin
nchs' musicians and was enthusiastically
applauded. Mrs. Katherine FiemiaK-
Hinrichs made her initial bow to the San
Francisco public and sang an air from
Uounod's "Queen of Sheba" in inch a
manner as to win for her an encore.
Tachaikowsfcy's "Marche Slave" finished
the programme.
Resolutions of Regret.
At a meeting of tlie senior class of the Hast
ings College of the Law a committee consist
ing on R. B. Gaylord, E. F. Treadwell and
George L. Jones was appointed by the presi
dent of the class to draw up resolutions oi re
eret at the resignation of I'roiessor Charles
W. S.aclc.
L'po.i the adoption of the resolutions by the
c'.uss they will be properly engrossed and will
be presented to the retiring proiessor.
Judge B.ack is highly respected by all the
students, and ino.-e resolutions are intended
as a mark of the esteem in which he is held.
Sprained Ula Back.
E. Wright, a messenger-boy 14 years old, liv
ing at 139 i'erry street, fell into the well of a
sidewalk elevator at Pine and Sansome streets
yesterday morning. He escaped with a
sprained back. lie was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and in the afternoon was able to
go home.
Trunks Moved 35 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter *t
Tel. main 4'J. Furniture moved reaaouabiy.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
The Smart New Schooner Nokcmis, Which Made the Run From the Hawaiian Islands to San
Francisco With a Load of Sugar in the Quick Time of Twelve Days. She Left Several
Days After Others of the Fleet.
KILLED BY THE
COUNTER BALANCE
Terrible Elevator Accident
at Smith's Cash
Slore.
A Carpenter's H a! Nearly Sev
ered From His Body Yes
terday Morning.
John Tropp's Cirelessness Cost Him
His Life— He Gay: thi Signal
to Start the Cag^.
His own carelessness brought sudden
death to John Tropp, a carpenter, at
Smith's Cash Store, 27 Market street, yes
terday morning.
He was employed by a man w! o had
taken a contract to place the elevator in
The Scene of the Elevator Accident.
good condition, and was working just
under the roof where the shaft of the
counterbalance meets the rafters.
Tropp was tightening some bolts, and,
knowing that he was working in the ele
vator shaft, the man in charge of the
machine called to him to ask if everything
was clear. "All right— go ahead!'' shouted
Tropp, and the cage was started.
Tropp's head was partially inside the
runway of the counterbalance, and he
most have miscalculated the time he had
in which to withdraw it, for the huge
weights caught him and almost tore his
head from his body.
C. M. Barrows, an employe of the firm,
said that something was wrone, and yelled
to the elevator man to stop, but it was too
late, and when the cage ceased to move
TropD's lifeless body Itsll 10 the second
story.
Death must have been instantaneous,
for the cage was moving rapidly and the
counterbalance, which weighs several
hundred pounds, landed square on the
back ot his head.
Tropp's body was removed to the
Morgue, where his employer Charles
Kromburc, called later to make arranße
menta for the funeral. He stated that
Tropp alone was to blame, ns he had given
the word to start the elevator and should
have at once withdrawn bis head from its
dangerous position. He also stated that
Tropp had no relatives in this City, nis
wife having died six or seven years ago.
Deceased was GO years of age and lived
at 33 Twenty-fourth street The elevator
that caused the accide..t was the one used
to carry the patrons of Smith's Cash
Store to the upper floors of the establish
ment.
Tae man in charge of the elevator was
William Moore. He was so frightened
that he could give no lucid account of the
terrible affair except that the carpenter
told him to co ahead, and he had sap
posed that the shaft was clear.
A Change of Atiornays.
Judge Buck of Rtdwood City made an order
yesterday substituting D. M. Del ma i as attor
ney for a majority of the German heirs in the
Miller & Lux cast- instead of J. 11. Campbell of
.-mi Jose. l>eimas' clien'is under the ruling of
! Judge Buck are l'hilip Lux, Miss Barbara Lux,
Henry Roebrig Sr., Henry Itoehrig Jr., Mi>s
; Salome Lux Wolf, Miss Caroline Lux Michel.
Henry Lux us guard of the interests of
Em 11 and George Lux, deceased, Miss Lena
Lux, Henry Lux, Mrs. Lena Lux Mcßride and
Mrs. Lizzie M. Pott. Campbell will still repre
sent Churles Lux Jr.
EECEPTION AND GOOD-BY.
Sleeting of th»- Member* of the Califor
nia State >piritiialiata' Asuoeiation.
Thomas G. Newman, editor of the Phil
osophical Journal, was publicly received
at Oriental Hall Wednesday evening by
the California State Spiritualists' Associa
tion, of which Mr. Newman is president.
Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Lillie of Boston wore
! also welcomed, and Mrs. Maude L. Frel
tag, who has been serving the State Asso
ciation as a platform lecturer, was bidden
j good-by. M. B. Norton presided. Wil
liam Emmett Coleman delivered an ad
dress of welcome; John Lillie sang "My
Trundle Bed" and "Sleigh Bells"; Mrs.
Maude L. Freitog Rave a charming recita
tion and Mr. Norton reaa an original
' poem contributed by Wallace Neville.
The chairman introduced Mr?. R. 8. Lil
! lie, who expressed pleasure in again meet
ing the spiritualists of San Francisco and
referrea to a previous vi-it, almost nine
years ago, when she was one of the
J speakers from the East engaged by the
! State Camp-meeting Association, then
j holding annual meetings at the beautiful
camp ground on the banks of Lake Mer
ritt, in the city of Oakland.
Among the lamiliar faces of prom inent
j spiritualists were teen those of Mr. and
Mrs. B. F. Small, Mr. and Mrs. William
Bargera, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Dr.
and Mr*. ScblesinKer. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas G. Newman, Mr. and Mtb. R. S.
Lillie, Dr. and Mrs. Smith and the three
Misses fcnuth, Mr. :md Mrs. Coverdale,
Professor Younp, Mrs. 8. E. Cook, Mrs.
yiucum, Mrs. Neville. William Eider,
William T. Jones. Mrs. Hhriner, Mrs,
Irene Bmith, Mr. Smith. Walter Walker,
M. S. Norton, Mr. and Mrs. D. N. Place,
Miss Daisy Place, Miss Elna Adler,
Thomas A. Newton, Clifford Griffin, Mrs.
Maude L, JVreitnff, Mr. Lee, Mrs. Elliott,
Mrs. Wermouth, Mrs. Dynan, Mr. White,
R. Ely, William Eramett Coleraan, Miss
Mabel Griffin, Mrs. Bell, Thomas Lytle
and many others. The attendance was
large. Free refreshments were served and
dancing closet! the very enjoyable evening.
DETERMINED TO DIE.
Wing Hung: Makes Three Attempts
Before He Finally Succeeds in
Hid Purpose,
Wing Hun?, a Chinese barber, who
lired in one of the rookeries on Jackson
street, attempted to commit suicide on
Wednesday night by swallowing a dose of
opium. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, and Dr. O'Brien applied the
usual remedies with satisfactory results.
Wing Hung said he was sick and out of
work and wanted to die.
He was placed in one of the inebriate
wards, and last evening be mad© an at
tempt to hane himself. He tore strips
from bis mattress, tied them together and
then to the gaspipe on the wall. He
wound the other end round his neck,
stood en a chair and kicked it from under
his feet. Dr. Kiune and Deputy County
Clerk Daly heard his groans and cut him
down.
His hands were strapped behind him
and it was thought he was all right. He
worked for aome hours to get his hands
released, but did not succeed. About 10
o clock he was noticed suspended from
the and on being cut down it was
found that he had finally succeeded ia
ending his life.
lie had used bis teeth In tearing off a
portion of the mattress and in fixing it
round the gas pipe and his neck.
ANOTHER SALARY
IS NOW IN DOUBT
Superintendent and Archi
tect on the Same
Footing.
One More Tangle in the Mission
High School Excess
Contracts
Auditor Broderick Thinks Ha Will
Return the Warrants Without
His Approvel.
Auditor Broderick said yesterday that
be had nearly decided to return, without
approval, the warrant for the payment of
Architect Havens of the Mission High
School. He also said that if the archi
tect's warrant cannot be paid neither
can the recently elected superintendent of
construction draw salary, for they stand,
legally, ou the same footing under the
existing conditions.
That Mr. Broderick questioned the
legality of Mr. Havens' claim as the archi
tect of the Mission High School has been
published in this paper earlier, out it will
come as news to the board that the com
pensation of the newly elected superin
tendent of construction may also be dis
puted by the Auditor. For the last few
days the Auditor has busily engaged him
self in the consultation of authorities and
the decisions of courts, accumulating the
law books in his private otlice until a
small-sized law library was there.
Yesterday he Baid that while his mind
was about made up he siill wanted to get
another opinion. There Is no dispute
that the plans have been prepared by Mr.
Havens. The trouble is that the con
tracts already awarded exceed the esti
mate made by Mr. Havens in an advisory
capacity for the use of tne board. Mr.
Havens figured the cost of the building at
$137,000. The contracts already awarded
amount to $140,138, or $3138 in excess.
Mr. Havens has figured his commission
on the basis of the cost of $140,000 iustead
of $137,000.
Auditor Broderick thinks that the
board, having accepted $137,000 as the
architect's statement of the cost, is bound
by that. Moreover, he ihinks ihat the
architect is bound to see that the structure
is built for that amount of money. How
the same general proposition has been re
cently viewed, in anotni-r case, is in
stanced by the Affiliated Colleges. The
contracts for the construction of the
Affiliated Colleges buildings having ex
ceeded the appropriation, the architect
could not get his lees out of the appropria
tion. Whether he will get the fees by a
special appropriation by the Legislature
or by what plan he will be paid the Audi
tor does not know, but tne Auditor holds
that under the general law, there is no
way to pay the architect of tho Mission
High School, and be thinks that the gen
eral law control* him. If there is no
money to pay the architect, there is no
money to pay the superintendent of con
struction.
Mogan Wants His Salary.
Joseph M. Mogan has asked lor a writ
of mandate to compel Auditor Broderick
to sign a warrant for the payment of bis
salary as Fish and Game Warden, which
office he formerly held. He says the Su
pervisors have no legal power to remove
him from that position.
A NEW TWO-STAR PLAY.
Manager Kempar's Plan of Bringing
Louis James and an Unknown to
the front.
A rumor nas been in circulation for the
last day or two that Collin Kemper, man
ae.ee of the Louis James company, bad pur
chased the copyright of a new romantic
play by a noted American author. The
play, according to the story, requires two
stars, and Louis James ia to be one of
tli ■'.-<•. Mr. Kenuer, who was seen last
night in reference to it, said he had a new
play in view, but was not yet ready to an
nounce the details oi it, as his present
contract with the company he ia now
managing would not end till May.
A TVell-Backcd Mining Company.
C. H. Crocker, B. B. Brewer, F. A. Smith,
Henry O. Wledero and J. W. Kooch have in
corporated the iJifick Hawk o ravel Mining
Company. In addition to the incorpcrators of
the company ihe following person* are named
as subscrioers to ihe stock: H. 8. Crocker, J.
H. Dlboorn, Ida S. Lewis and J. s. spiiman.
The capital stock is limited to #100,000.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
lie fie- yf
liaile /y S/IF/9 s, " I* «
"HOW THE DUTCH
TOOK HOLLAND"
Dr. Wendte Told the Story
in a Lecture Last
Night.
The History of a Brave People
Who Initiated Free In
stitutions.
Declared to Have Ben at One Time
Pre-eminent in A 1 the Wa ks
of Human Life.
Rev. Dr. C. W. Wendte of Oakland deliv
ered a lecture ai Golden Gate Hall last
night entitled "How the Dutch Took Hol
land," a splendid series of stereopticon
views adding greatly to the inherent in
terest of his subject, which was dealt with
in a manner both historically instructive
and entertaining.
Dr. Wendte in his introductory remarks
related how when a happy boy in his na
tive city of Boston the only grief he
knew was occasioned by his playmates,
who, on the strength of his foreign
patronymic, called him a Dutchman.
"They were unaware," said Dr. Wendte,
"of any distinction between the two
branches of the great Teutonic iamily,
but included them all under the ceneric
and mildly contemptuous term 'Dutch,'
whom our school geographies were want
to describe as brutes wholly given over to
gross and sensual pleasures."
Later in life, the lecturer said, when he
had removed to Sau Francisco, and in the
Mercantile Library of this City first pe
rused the glowinp page 3of John L. Mot
ley's "Dutch Republic," be lelt penitent
that even as a boy he should have been
ashamed to bear their name.
With this preliminary Dr. Wendte pro
ceeded to condense into an address of
something more than an hour the experi
ences and impression* derived la the
course of a ten days' tour in the Nether
lands. He described tne characteristic
phytirai aspect of the country, with its
marvelous system of dikes, which has
redeemed it from the inroads of the ocean
and has involved an expenditure of some
thing line $1,500,C00,000.
He reviewed the history of its most
notable cities and seats of learning and
tne associations which have made ihem
famous, and described the habits of the
people and the aspects of social life. In
conclusion he told of the heroic struggle
maintained for centuries against the hos
tile forces of nature and war with the
Spaniards, a struggle which culminated
during the supremacy of William of
Ornnce and his equally illustrious son
Maurice.
From the Hollanders, the lecturer in
sisted, the Pilgrim Fathers first obtained
their knowledge of free institutions, which
they in turn conveyed to this continent,
and thence it was that the English im
ported them into their own country.
It was a strange circumstance that a
people so essentially practical as the
Dutch have always beeu sUould have pro
duced one of the moat remarkable schools
of painting the world has ever seen, and
that music, the most ethereal of human
studies, should at one time have in
cluded among its greatest exponents men
o! the same nationality.
Two witty and significant sayings hit off
very happily the history of the Dutch
people. The one is proverbial and runs :
■'God made the sea, but we made the
land." The other emanated from the fer
tile brain of Butler, the author of "Hudi
bras," and is 10 the following effect : "A
kew TO- DAT.
Money -back is daylight
— and no business need?
daylight more than the tea
business.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best
tea.
A Schilling & Company
San Franci«cn /!"7
FREE
' A small but complete neatly printed
and valuable book on Chronic diseases of
the Nervous and Sexual system. No man
should be without it. Every man can
.-^jjSp^^ have it free of charge
/iijjf%^*^^\ bv simply describing
(mjuilij/ \ bis troubles to the
fojffi^Sw _J eminent physician
KmSff" .^gßßjj^gK and surgeon, Doctor
(■fnv/ '^^?Y Cook, whose life
»BLWI J £fj\ l work has been the
"^B% i JJafYi. study and practice
1 '«> t^®vsvfify oi sp ecial diseases.
JV^^^^'Xl l^ e cures Female
j^k^^^^T Complaints, Lost
t \v&F'jm\t±. Manhood and Men's
JwcW\^toaßßm .'iW Private ailments of
ISSsSw^iSEP 1 ■ i" 1 ** every name and
(DOCTOR COOK.) nature, Blood and
Skin Disease?, and Functional Diseases of
the Liver,. Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and other internal organs. The worst
cases solicited, and perfect cures guaran-
teed. Office hours 9t012a. m. and 2 to 5
and 7 to 8 p.m.; Sundays from 10 to 12
A. m. only. Mall treatment always suc-
cessful. Therefore write if you cannot
call. Address
DOCTOR COOKsfflS^k,.
Rainy Weather
. . . CAUSES . . .
Aches and Pains
A Sure Preventive,
A Certain Relief
IB AFFORDED BY
Dr. Martin's Pain Curer.
KETW TO- DAT -AMUSEMENTS.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corn.T Sacramento and 'Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING^ FEBRUARY 5,
DR. WILLIAM FITCH < JIKMY.
♦•WHAT TO FEED THE BABY."
MOT ADMISSION FREE .or
. . NEW TO-DAT.
r A Lost Voice, i
! !
« Advertising will do a great Si
]) many things, but it won't bring (<[
]i> about the return of a lost <>|>
r voice. The best thing to do \\
]j> is to begin, at once, the use of of
| > the sovereign cure for all affec- I '
$ «[} tions of the throat and lungs — jj i
J Bronchitis, Asthma, Croup, «[
J,, Whooping Cough, etc. It has |
<[ a reputation of fifty years of j
jji cures, and is known the world \\
j| over as /J>
I AVER'S
| Cherry Pectoral, |
land that rides at anchor and is moored,
In which they do not live, but go aboard."
The Teachers Object.
At a meeting of public school teachers held
on Wednesday it was decided to appoint a
committee of teachers on legislation to go to
Sacramento, especially in reference to tho
certificate biiL Tho rain kept many teachers
away. The discussion was informal. In addi
tion to tbe certificate matter, the changes pro
posed in tho pension law were also considered.
The objection to; the certificate changes is
based on the provision that teachers may
hereafter, when applying for a renewal of
certificates, be examined upon branches upau
which they were not originally examined.
"For instance," said one oi the teachers sar
castically, "how wohld it do to examine s
policeman for perpendicular penmanship, or a
lawyer or physician on their qualifications
tor playing the piano." The discussion was
earnest and energetic.
KEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALiIAVMAN tea (Incorporated; x'roprta(O.°i
Last Week. Last Two Nights. La.it matinee.
MOOOTESBLA
Assisted by JOSEPH HAWOItTH and tbe •
complete company.
To-Night and Saturday Matinee,
3Vt-<a.n.-ir sttjaht.
Saturday Night, Fatewoll, . ,
— — 3VC O33ET BE.
EXTRA-NEXT WEEK,
The Eminent Actor, MR.
LOUIS JAMES
And a Superior Company.
Management WAOEXTBAJM and KKSIPKR.
Kut ire First Week — JlagDlficent Production of
SI>AIIT-a.OTJS.
SKATS NOW SELLING.
f RICDLAfWLR.6OniOD «> c»- uSr^ aio turuiCßJ ■ • ■
IF IT RAINED PITCHFORKS
WE WOl!Li> CKOWU THK HOUSE!
The Whole Town Is Laughing at
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER!"
The Best farce-Comedy t-een Her--.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
CHARLES HOPPER .
The original Company. All the Original Scenery
and Stage Effects.— Seals now on sale.
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUSE
MRS.I--B-NKI.IINIC Kxxt.ixi. Proprietor & Manager
—An Entertainment of Delight!.—
THIS EVENING
■:■:•..■;-- 49- AT 8 _£V
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THK WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podpe of
Mirth, Music, H:tllet and Beauty.
"LaDaime de» Fleurs Electriques!"
The Latest Sensation.
FILLED WITH THINGS THAT CAN-
NOT BE EXPLAINED! I
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-NIGHT.
Popular Prices 25-3 !">i 'soi
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJLTKK MOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and Man*;*.-
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Successful Comedy Drama,
"THE WESTERNER!"
An Intensely Kxcitin^ Plav, Full of Heart Inter-
est. A btory of the Siocic Board.
Charming Music! Graceful Danoiugt
Delightful Comedy !
Errninz Price*— 100, 2fJo and Slj.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
AN EXTRAORDINARY PROGRAMME!
guiijlj JEI,
The World's Greatest TENOR.
WARHana CURRAN, America's Funniest Men,
ALCIDE CAPITA INK, BESSIE CLAYTON,
THE FKANTZ FAMILY
AND NOVELTIKH WITHOUT END!
Reserved Seats, -sc; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Seats, 60c. ■ ■ . ■ • •
SPECIAL,— CaIIs by telephone will be answered
until 8 o'clock every evening.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ —a , What is the General Ver-
(ll PA/AD (lift? "That wepleasea 1
111 llll#||li our patrons." Jiecause
"*^^ g **^*""* ' ■ p<ii l tjin^ competitors.
Don't Fail to See the Comedy-Drama,
"A LEGAL WRECK
Realistically Mounted 1 Artistically Played !
HUGO TOLAND. J. B. POLK
And All the Favorites.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for Seats— Black 991
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY. CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect Winter Racetracic in America.
RACHG g&J&L RAW
Racing From Monday, Jan. 2 5, to Satur-
day, February 6, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST It ACE AT % P. M.
Take Southern Pacific train* at Tnlrd anl
Townsend sis. depot, leaving a: 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, SI. OO.
laice aiisslon-st. electric Una direct to trace
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
The Hobart Stakes Saturday, February 6.
A. B. sI'KIiiKKLS, President.
W. 8. Leakh, Secretary. '
THE CHUTES. \
EVERY AFTERNOON AND KVEXING.
BROWN, the AXIMaTOSCOPK and a Host of
Attractions. SPKCIAL.-Satnrday Night, Mllo
Skating Race— KKNNA vs. JOHNSON. ,
Admission. 10c; Children. sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
. Open Dally From 7A. ->1. to 6 *. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission—
25c, Children 2Oc.
General Admission, 10c ; Children, sc.
78
LEGAL STRUGGLE
FOR LITTLE EFFIE
Mrs. Holstrcm Files a For
mal Petition for Guar
dianship.
Swears She Will Not Give Up
the Search So Long As
She Lives.
William A. LighthaH, Father of the
Petitioner, Will Appeal to the
Courts.
Mrs. Lucinda Holstrom continues to
supplicate the powers that be lor the re
turn of her ward, but not legally adopted
daughter, Eliie R. V. Holstrom, concern
ing whom there has been so ruucn con
troversy in the Superior Court. Since the
child was taken from her custody she has
exhausted every device known to her to
ascertain the child's whereabouts. No
information has yet been obtained by her,
but she swears by her hope in heaven not
10 give over the search so long as she lives.
Sne declares that it will be impossible
for any one to keep her from finding the
child. Through her attorney, Leonard S.
Clark, Mrs. Hoistrom has filed a petition
in Judge Coffey's court to be appointed
the legal guardian of the child, hoping
thereby to obtain an order compelling
Officer Kane to disclose the little one's
hiding-place.
In her petition Mrs. Holstrom sets forth
tun: the child was born in this City
December 15, 1892, and was given to her
by the child's mother, an unmarried
woman, when the little one was six days
old. Mrs. Holstrom lurther avers as fol
lows:
"That ever since the 21st day of Decem
ber, 1892, and until the Ist of February,
1597, she has carea for, nurtured, clothed
and maintained the child and provided
lor its wants in the most careful and affec
tionate manner, and has treated her in
evtry way as though sue were her own
aud has become attached to her as fully
as though she were her own flesh and
biood. Also tnat the child has never
known any other mother ana nas been
happy and contented in her care and lias
been well and liberally provided for. Mrs.
Hnlstrom also says she is well able still to
cure for and to provide for and maintain
and educate Erne in a manner appropriate
to the cniid's necessities and condition."
No letters of guardianship have ever
been issued to Mrs. Hclstrom, nor lias she
ever legally adodea ttfie, not believing
tnat her custody of the little giri would
ever be questioned.
On the Ist day of February, 1897, one
.Frank J. Kane, she furtner avers, without
any right or authority, and witu force and
arms, and with great violence, and witn
threats and menaces, seized and carried
Erne away with him ana put Mrs. Hol
strom in great fright and terror, and de
prived Erne of the tender and affectionate
care which Mrs. Holstrom has always ex
tended to her. Since then Mr, Kane has
bad Etiie within his possession and con
trol, without any ri^ht or authority there
for.
Then MrR. Holstrom says that Effie is in
need of a proper custodian, who will care
for her as a mother should; that Effie re
sisted and protested with all her power
against being removed, but that in spite of
her cries and screams and remonstrances
she was forcibly seized and carried may
by Kane, to her great fear and trepidation,
grief and agony, and to the sorrow and
anguish of the petitioner.
Mrs. Holstrom additionally says she is
the only person capable of taking* care of
Effie, and that she is acquainted with her
wants and necessities, predilections and
tendencies, and is tha only person who is
a tit or proper gnaraian of her.
She also says that the mother, Sally
McGuire, is not a fit nor a proper person
to have the care or custody of Efhe, and
avers tnat the mother ol Effie does not
reside in San Francisco.
William A. Lighthall, father of Mrs.
Holstrom, is much attached to the little
girl and seems determined to get her
back.
"She was my little playfellow, and I
treated her and looked on ncr as ray own
granddaughter," said Mr. Lighthall.
"We all fairly worship her, and if there is
anything the matter it has been that we
have petted her too much. Some people
might thin* so, but I can't agree on that."
Like any one closely touched by a mat
ter of this kind, Mr. Lighthall reasons
sharply concerning Officer Kane's conduct
Id taking away the child. "If Mr. Kane
had aright to take our baby he would
have an equal right to take anybody's
baby, and then if an effort were made to
get back the child he could answer that he
gave it to a person who saia she was
the child's mother; and according to this
view there is no law to stop him. He
Ewears that he doesn't know the woman's
name. How, then, does he know that she
is the child's mother? How does Mr. Kane
know that my daughter is not the chilli's
mother? We had the child in our custody
and he entered our house by force, with
out warrant of law or order of court, and
on his own authority took the child. If
he nad a right to do that, then it is no
longer true tiiat a man's home is his castle.
"There has been no hearing in court to
decide between us, but I hope there may
be. He said my daughter was accused of
being a bad woman; I say that is noi irue.
She live? at home with her mother and
me, and is as good a woman aa there is in
tne world.
"It is easy enough to speak sianders of
any woman, but is a police officer war
ranted in trying the case against an ac
cused woman ou his own responsibility?
If so what is the use of the courts?
"If Mr. Kane bad a ri<ut to take away
my daughter's little one on the meresayso
of outside and interested parties and then
sneer in our faces when we ask for tne
•law's protection what are we to do? What
can we do? We may have to submit, for
we are not rich: but I will not rest under
such oppression without protest. 1 shall
cry oui tor justice for my daughter and her
little one uniil so cue righteous Judge shall
hear me."
The case will be called for hearing in
Judge Coffey's court next Tuesday morn
ing, the 9th inst.
ELEOTKIO COMPETITION.
Another Company Organized to Supply
Light, Power and Heat.
Another electric company for supplying
light, power and heat has been organized.
It is named the Golden Gate Electric
Company of San Francisco, and the incor
poratcrs are: P. G. Cross, George E.
Whitaker, C. M. Cross, N. A. Kobinson
and B. J. Parker.
It is announced that it is the intention
of the company to purchase and lease real
estate and to erect suitable . buildings for
the purpose of carrying on the business of
supplying electricity to all customers in
this City and vicinity. ■ • •
One favorable phase of the new com
pany is that the capital stock is fixed at
only $250,000, which indicates that the
projectors of the enterprise do not believe
in inflation of the foundation.
Insolvent Debtors.
J. W. Pera and Frank Niera hare filed a peti
sqq ia iwo^ency. Debt* $1572 65. asset*
MR. AND MRS. SPITZ, Who Cc'ebrated Their Golden Wedding Last Evening.
A HAPPY VISTA
OF FIFTY YEARS
Mr. and Mrs. Spitz Cele
brate Their Golden
Wedding.
The Concordia Ciub Parlors the
Scene of the Festivi
ties.
Thre? Generations of Descendants
Swell the Chorus of J yous
Congratulation-
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Spitz of this City
celebrated their golden wedding last
evening in the comfortably appointed
parlors of the Concordia Club, which
were also suitably decorated in honor of
the event. A limited number of t!ie most
intimate friends of the venerable couple
were invited to at;end and partaUe of an
elaborate dinner, which was tastefully
served in the course of the evening. No
less than three generations ot tue descend
ants of Mr. and Mrs. Spitz were represented
on this unique occasion, in tne persons ot
their children, their grandchildren and a
great-grandchild.
The lapse of half a century since first the
happy couple became man and wise l.a?
proved powerless to weaken the mutual
affection and respect of honeymoon days,
though that time, no doubt, has written
wrinkles on the brows of both. To them
has been accorded in full measure those
rewardH which should properly accom
pany virtuous old age, "such as honor,
love, obedience, troops of irieuus. "
Mr. and Mrs. Spitz were ably assisted in
the arduous but pleasurable duty of re
ceiving, by their daughters. Mrs." A. A.
Son, Mrs. H. Lyons and Miss Hannah
Spitz, and their sons. At>e, Jake, Theodore
P. and Isidore D. Spuz. The two last
named made a special journey from their
Eastern homes in order to rejoin the
family circle and swell the chorus of con
gratulations and good wishes, whicb were
so liberally bestowed upon their parents.
The toilettes of the ladies present were
in every case appropriate, among the
BON noticeable bein^: Mrs. L. P. Weil, j
in green brocade and rare old lace; Mrs.
Mark Gerstl*. in white and pink rose«=;'
Mrs. Will Gerstle. her sister, a beautiful |
brunette, looked charming in a New York I
COLONEL W. L. CURRY.
The McKinley Veteran Soldiers and Sailors' Republican Club has passed the follow
ing resolutions indorsing Co.onel W. L. Curry of Ohio lor the office of Commissioner of
Pensions:
"Whereas, Colonel W. L. Curry of Columbus. Ohio, an ex-Union veteran, was se
lected by the Republican National Committee, ' Chief of the Soldiers 1 Department' at
Chicago, which bureau by his judicious management was enabled to reach and furnish
to the entire veterans of the West campaign literature unuch of which was prepared by
himself), especially adapted lor their perusal, thereby greatly aiding in securing
the votes of nearly all ex-veterans for the Republican ticket, and
_ " Whereas, The many friends of Colonel W. L. Curry in Ohio and elsewhere have put
him forward lor Pension Commissioner.and deeming it necessary that said officer should
be a man in touch with the preservers of the Nation, therefore be it
'•Resolved, That the McKinley Veteran Soldiers and Sailors' Republican Club of San
Francisco does heartily indorse Colonel W. L. Curry for Pension Commissioner, believ
ing him capable, honest and well fitted for the position, and respectfully request that in
selecting a person for said position Colonel Curry's claims be given due consideration
with the assurance that his appointment will give satisfaction to the veterans of
Ca^ n prMo«T,Bccr.t»r,... .. .'\ *\ H. KBOJ , President."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 1897.
gown; Mrs. Will Hochstadter wore
green brocaded atin. eleeantly trimmed
witu duchesse lace. Her mother,
Mrs. Lyons attired in black satin and
jewels, presented a queenly appear
ance. Mrs. Theodore Parker Spitz of
New York, were a beauti.ul toilette com
posed of black tulle, witb gold trimmings.
Miss Hannah Spitz appeared to great ad
vantage in changeable blue satin, crn-
Droidered with silver. Mrs. Dr. J. D. Ar
noid wore pink broca.le. Mrs. A- A.
Son was tastefully robed in pink, brocaded
satin, rare old lace and jewels. Mrs.
Joseph Ebrman was dre-sed in black and
white velvet. Mrs. William Lee's gown
was of pins '.ulle, with silver embroidery
and pearls. Mrs. M. Brown wore a Pari
sian toilette of rose brocade ami gold pas
sementerie. Mrs. S. W. Ehrman looked
handsome in a gown of light blue, with
crystal trimmings. The venerable bride
herself wore a gray satin dreps and fine
duchesse lace, and looked wonderfully
yo.thiul.
The only girls present were the three
pretty daugh'.ers of Mr. and Mrs. Adolt>b
A. Son. Miss Ida is an except ionally
churning and stylish young Jady, and is
undoubtedly destined to be one of tie
belles of next season.
MONEY FOR CHARITY.
Dr. Washington liyer'n BrqoMtl to
Public Institution* Will be
<'oiii|>r<»iuN<-<i.
The executors of the lust will of Dr.
Washington M. Ryer, deceased, have
petitioned Judge black to b- permitted to
compromise with the . seven charitable
institutions mentioned us legatees on the
basis of paying $l"», (XiO to each institution.
Six ot ti.e organizations have agreed to the
compromise and it is thought that the
ottier one will do likewise.
The societies to whom the sum of $15,000
eacn will be given under tne compromise
are a< follows: The Little Children's In
fant Shelter, the Old Peopie'a Homo of
Sm Francisco, the Ladies' Prutes;ant an 1
Relief Society, the Proi»";!ant OrphHn
Asylum, the Protestant Episcopal Q d
I. :niics' Home, the Ha>i Francisco Lviug-in
Hosj ital nivl Foundling Asyium and
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society of the
City of San FiamtMco.
In the application for the settlement it
is stated that the validity of -he btquens
to these institutions is in doubt, and that
if payment of residuary interests provided
for in the will shouid be contested, great
delay would ensue, and the aforesa.d
beneficiaries might lose all interest in the
■state.
Introduced »• Mrs. Abbott.
In Judge Seawell's court a number of wit
nesses testified yesti-r<l>iv that Thomas M.
Qunckenbusa introduced Mrs. Nancy Abbott
to them as Mrs. Abbott and that >he made no
objection. Among thesi- witnesses were Cath
erine Tait, Kdward J. Wren, E. B. Hopkinion,
Esther E. >wartziiiiKer, Bdeoo Long, Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell, Cephas Turner, Dr. E. B. lieruey
and Kate M. Billings. Tnomas B. Reed, a
clerk lor Ciuff Bros., tcstined that the lady
had an account with that firm In the name of
Mrs. Abbott after the alleged marriage.
I. in.- Lecture.
Dr. William Fitch Cheney will lecture at
Cooper Medical College thisevening on "What
I to freed the Buby."
WRITERS MADE
A QUEER MISTAKE
Dr. Haweis Wrote of Ex-
Congressman Charles
A. Sumner.
His Critics Supposed He Meant
Charies Sumner o! Massa
chusetts.
Tue Author Gets Back at the Writers
With Remark? Tl at Have
a Stins-.
Rev. Dr. Haweis, the London preacher
wtu mentioned Hon. Charles A. Sumner
MR. AND MRS. NEVILLE CASTLE (nee Scott), Who Were
Married Last Evening.
of San Francisco in bis new book, called
"Travel and Talk," has been laughed at
by several American writers because they
supposed he had mistaken some one in
tbe United States for tbe late famous
Massachusetts statesman.
But Dr. Haweis has tbe better of his
critics, as lie point* out in the following
letter to a London paper:
To the Editor of the Westminster Gazette— Sn:
It mi) liot be my business tounlighteu ignor
ant Americans about tiiclr own eminent men,
but it is certainly odd that no many American
newspapers and men of standing — like Dr.
Cuyler, for instance, whom you quote in your
issue of January 2— -appear to be unaware of
the very existence of ex-Senator Charles Sum
ner of San Francisco, whom I allude to in my
book, "Travel and Talk"— and from whom I
heard (I may say, in praise of that book), only
yesterday. I continue to receive every week
dozens of cuttings from America, ridiculing
me for supposing that Charles Sumner— the
famous Oharl-s Sumner who died in 1874— is
still alive. Who said he whs alive?— not I.
That any respectable journalist can be Ignor
ant of the work of that other Charles Sumner,
who so bravely led the attack on postal and
telegraph monopolies, and who i- now a very
well-known attorney-at-law at San Francisco,
and a familiar visitor to Washington, I cannot
understand. A blunder doubtless there has
been, but it is the Ignorant blunder of Ameri
cans, not mine. 1 am, sir, yours,
H. R. Haweis,
Incumbent of St. James', Marylebone.
Ex-Congressman Charles A. Sunnier, the
gentleman mentioned by Dr. Haweis, is
recognized as an earnest and able worker
for toe public good; and as a representa
tive citizen be was sent to Washington as
the head of the delegation to defeat the
funding bill, which Mr. Huntingdon and
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
favored, but which was defeated in Con
gress by the influence of Pacific Coast
men. Dr. Haweis met Mr. Sumner in this
City and was much impressed by that
gentleman's views in regard to the estab
lishment of a genuine postal telegraph
and the single tax.
Snuhwl the Furniture.
W. J. McWiiiiams, a cowboy from Arizona,
bad an attack of delirium tremens in his room
In the Ahlborn Home early yesterday morn
ing and smashed the furniture in the room.
Policemen Rathfern and Peters were «um
moned, and after a struggle they put the
handcuffs on McWllliams aud took him to the
Receiving Hospital, where lie was locked up
in a padded cell.
TO CDEK A COLO IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All drug
gist* refund me money IX 1 Jail* to cute* «5u
IN A ROSE AND
VIOLET BOWER
Neville Castle Weds Miss
Mary Crittenden
Scott.
Elegant Bridal Gifts, Including
a Diamond Star From
the Groom.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott Gives a Dance
Complimentary to Three Popu
lar Buds.
Last evening at half-past 8 o'clock, at
t tie picturesque and artistic home of the
bride, 1036 Vallejo street, Neville Castle,
son of tne late Michael Castle, and Miss
Mary Crittenden Scott, daughter of the
late Henry H. Scott, were married, Rev.
Mr. Lion of St. Stephen's officiating.
The decorations of the home wer# ex
tremely pretiy and consisted mainly of
palms, violets and roses. Hall and atair
cases were lined with tall and massive
palms. In the broad window of the draw
ing-room was erected a bower of palms,
ro>e< and violets, and here the young
couple stood during tie impressive bridal
service. On account of the recent be
reavement in the groom's family only
relatives were present.
The bride was attended by her sisters,
the Misses Laura and Kate Scott, who of
ficiated as bridesmaids. Jack Casserly
was best man. Tue bride wore a hand
some i:own of while taffeta trimmed with
chiffon and natural orange blossoms. The
bridal veil fell in fleecy folds onto the long
train of the gown and was con fined to the
coiffure by a diamond star, tbe gift of the
groom. The bridesmaids were attired
alike in white org indie over white Bilk
and carried bouquets of ferns. The bridal
presents were unusually handsome and
numerous. Many congratulatory tele
grams and cablegrams were received from
absent friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Castle will spend their
honeymoon in Southern California. They
will make their luture home in Ban Jose,
where Mr. Castle is a prominent young
nttorney. They expect to reside at the
Yendome, where they will remain until
the home which is being built for them is
completed.
Last evening, at her home, corner of
Clay and Lamina streets, Mrs. rienry T.
Scott f»ave a small dance, complimentary
to Miss He on Hopkius. Miss Cunning
ham and Miss Caro Crockett. Alter a
short programme of Uaucea a delicious
lUDpsr was served, after which dancing
WBs resumed. Only young iolks were
I>re3«nt.
THE DAIRYMEN'S BILL.
Views of a Practical Man From
Petaluma en the
Subject.
L Tomasini G yes Sum« Facts and
Figures to Show How It
Will Act.
L. Tomasini of Petalnma writes as fol
lows on the proposed dairymen's bill, now
before the Legislature :
The opposition encountered by the dairy
men's bill, now before the Legislature, and the
doubt raised by some of its members of the abil
ity of the dairymen to understand their busi
ness and to tnke care of themselves, can oniy
be presumed as coming from a misunderstand
ing of the biil itself.
The bill provides ior the inspection of dairies
as to their sanitary condition and at the same
time inspect all animals used for dairy pur
poses ior infectious and contagious diseases.
The bill originated from the dairymen them
selves. The dairymen aud cattle-owners of
the State are most interested and none under
stand the dairy interests and needs better
than they themselves.
The interest iii the welfare and health of the
public Is an interest of the dairymen. Part of
all dairy products sent in to the market to be
sold to the public is used by the dairymen,
their wives and children. The dairy industry
1b undergoing its evolution. The time has ar
rived for new systems, new rules and regula
tions. The object of the dairymen's bill la to
purify all herds from diseased animais, to In
sure pure and Healthy milk, butter and cheese
for themselves as well as the public in a
manner that may be accomplished without
difficulty, without working an injury upon
the dairymen and at tne least possible ex
pense.
The idea of leaving to the County Boards of
Health to appoint veterinary purgeons to make
this inspection would be impracticable. In the
report of the Illinois Dairymen's Association
for 1896, Dr. M. R. Trumbower, State Veteri
narian, in answer to a question as to how
many veterinary surgeons would be required
to apply the tuberculin test to the dairy cows
of that State, baid be had figured that out and
found thnt in order to apply the test to the
1.900.000 cows in the Ktate, it would take 460
veterinary surgeons for eighteen months and
cost tne State $1,800,000. At thia estimate it
would require an army of eighty veterinary
surgeons to apply the test to the number of
dairy cow* in our fiiato ftt » cos t of not leu
than $330,000, which ia not the intention of
the proposed law and does not include the
value of the animals that would be condemned
and slaughtered under the test.
The main object of the law is to inspect dai
ries and creameries as to their sinitnry condi
tion aud to weed out animals whose physical
condition indicates that their milk is not fit
for food or products manufactured therefrom.
By this mode of inspection a large per cent of
diseased animals would be condemned as un
fit for dairy purposes.
The competent and practical dairymen who
by th.li bill will make the inspection will per
ceive a sick cow as readily as the watchtui
eyes of a mother notices some ailment among
the members of ncr family. It the inspector
is in doubt as to the nature and seriousness of
the disease he may call in a veterinary sur
geon in the same manner as a mother would
call a physician. The member* of the present
State Dairy Bureau, appointed by Governor
Budd to carry out the law ior the suppression
ol oleomargarine and filled cheese, are practi
cal dairymen, and by their efforts in enforcing
the law have driven these fraudulent products
out of the State at a cost of less than half of
the amount of money appropriated for the
purpose.
What the dairymen object to Is the radical
measures proposed by Boards o: Health giv
ing authority to veterinary surgeons to
slaughter all' animals where the mbrculin
test reacts without some provision to protect
them against unnecessary losses.
It is admitted by all authorities on cattle
diseases, both iv the old and new wond, that
the tubercuun test is the best means of defect
ing tuberculosis, but it Is also admitted that it
cannot be regarded as certain it-gal prooi or of
absolute reliability at all times. A dairyman
may wish to have further knowledge and
prool in regard to the di-ease bef>>re the sus
pected animals are slaughtered. It is not for
the sick cow whose usefulness is apparently
destroyed by disease so as to justiiyhir de-
Btruci ion that the dairyman UKSlorcompen
saiion; it is for the cow that is so Slightly af
fected as to not affect I.er product, or for those
destroyed through the mistake of the officials,
that the dairymen demand compensation.
L. Tomasini.
Petaluma, Cal., Feb. 4, 1897.
WILL VIEW THE GROUND
Street Committee to Visit Sun
set District for Inicrma
tion.
Large Amount of Street Work to Be
Recommended to the Board of
Supervisors.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will not take any action upon
the repeal of the resolution to stop all
improvements in Sunset district, south of
Golden Gate Park, pending the adoption
of a sewer system until after the commit
tee has visited the section. The matter
was discussed yesterday. It has been
urged on the committee to recommend the
opening ol I street. Yesterday Colonel
Little, representing Adoiph Sutro. ap
peared to oppose the opening or the street
and said that great damage would result
to property by making extensive improve
ments until grades have been adjusted.
Chairman Devany took the position that
tuc matter is of too great importance io
be settled without investigation.
Tiie committee wili recommend the ac
ceptance of Cole street irom Page to
Uaight, Devisadero street from Green to
Union, Baker street from b uiton to Me-
Aliister, Bush street from Steiner to
Pierre, feleint-r street from Jackson to
Pacific, and tne crossing of Twenty -second
and Chattanoo^ii streets.
A recommendation will also be made
for the passage ot an order prohibiting the
opening of the Pourth-s;r«-e; linage, be
tween 6:30 and 7:30 a. m. and 5:3u and 6:30
p. m. Keports vili be made in lavor ol me
loliowing petitions:
J. R. Pool, to remove a building from Bry
ant, between Fifth ai.d Sixth, to another iot
In the same block; Mrs. C. Pcrusio, to repair
the northwest corner of Union mid Mason; H.
Law, M I>. , to postpone the ol Broder
ick, between Filbert and Greenwich; Charles
Canney, to contract witn the City for a sewer
in Miiineom, north of Twenty-s.cond; prop
erty-owners, ugain«t the macadamizing ot
Clement, between First and Second avt nues,
also beiweei. Ttiird and Fourth, a. so ol Third
avenue, irom Point Lobos to Clement.
Work recommended by the Street Su
perintendent was approved as follows:
Filth avenue, from Lake to California, to be
re<raded and remnca<iamizsd; also the cross
ing of Second avmue and Clement, and Sec
ond avenue, between Clement and Point Lo bo- ;
siue\va:kson Fulion, betweeu Lyou and Cen
tral avenue; a pipe sewer in Filbrt, between
Pierce and Scott ; also in the crossing of Filbert
and Scott: aiso in Filbert, between Scott and
Devisadt-ro: the crossiug of Filbert and Sent
to be graded; also Filbert, from Scott to De
visedero: ?>lank sidewalks on H. between Sev
<»ntr. .nd Eighth; also on the south side of H,
between Eighth and Ninth, and on the south
!r. id0 ;,.K between Twelftn *nd Thirteenth;
Twelfth avenue, between C and Fulton
graded and macadamized: also Thirteenth'
Jr <>m C to Fulton; Pierce, between Lombard
and Chestnut, to be graded; also Filbert be
tween Pierce and Scoti. SuWalks on Oak
between Scott and Devinadero: on Bayiey
place from O'Farrell northerly; on Vicksburg
between Tweatv-second and Twenty-third
and between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth:
The Btreet Superintendent was instruct
ed to remove ai, obstructions at once from
Brady street and to extend the street to
West Mission. Action upon the petition
of the Market-street Railway Company
to construct a turnout and switches at the
intersection of Kearny street and Mont
gomery avenue was deferred, pending an
investigation A decision was reached that
James H. O Brien, who is paving Gongh
street, between Eddy and Ellis, has the
right to continue the work. The Pacific
Paving Company objected, on the ground
or a private contract secured by that cor
poration secured last September.
COHN, IHE BTABBER.
He Is Held 17 n dor Heavy Bonds for
Assault to Murder.
The preliminary examination of Her
man Conn, who stabbed Petronella
Quinones eleyen times on Sunday night,
January 17, was held before Judge Camp
pen yesterday. Conn was he M Io answer
beiore the Superior Court in $-20,000 oonds
on the cnarge of assault to niuruer. The
woman was employed as a servant in
Conn a fnther's lodging-house, 1008 Van
•Ness avenue.
S«rl«a of Lectures on Egypt,
Key. Haakett Smith, at the Young Men's
Christiau Association will give a second series
S-Si 11 * Association Auditorium, as follows-
Friday event. FeDruary 12. "The Myths and
Feb r r V 8 r of . Modern Egypt"; Monday evenfnV
February 15, "The Land of Lone Ago": Monl
R«L eVen . n^ February ,23, "The 8 Pyramid
Builders." Each lecture will be accompanied
with many most interesting Rtereopticon
views, and Mr. Smith's ability as a sneaker
insure. large audionws at tioJ'SmSSta'
•UiCUlfi, r-- , , ......
Have Pity On
Your Neighbor
Who coughs 'all the evening in
church or at the theater. He j
knows he is a nuisance, but he
cannot help it, for the under
membrane of his throat is a
mass of inflammation. Profit
by this warning and take
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
as soon as you feel a cold com-
.ing on. This whiskey is pure
as ocean air, and of rare medi-
cinal virtue. It wards off Pneu-
monia and Bronchitis by nip-
ping a cold in the bud.
Druggists and grocers sell it.
FA! L
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician 'whose reputation is established
by ten years of successful practice at 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, KKS
hidden vices or excesses, is the curse of hu-
manity, the unpardonable sin. It blights all
the pleasures of youth. It deadens the spirits
and weakens the brain. Its train of ills and
evils tears down the strongest constitution
and completely wrecks the mental and physi-
cal man. Thousands of young and middle-
aged men through this scourge of humanity
have found homes in insane asylums or filled
suicide's graves. It has broken up mora
home?, caused more desertions and separ-
ations than all other evils combined. If you
are it sufferer from tuts monster of all diseases
you should consult Doctor Sweany. He can
positively and permanently restore your wasted
and weakened powers, your health and your
strength.
A WEAK BACK SSE 1 SJ^S
mistakaole sign of diseased kidneys. Does your
back ache? Do you have sediment or brick
dust deposit in the urine? Do you urinate fre-
quently? Have you weakness of the sexual
organs, partial or total impotency If you
have auy of these symptoms you have dis-
eased kidneys. To neglect these troubles
means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and
a premature grave. Dr. bweany invariably
cures these disease*.
i/AplOnpCl C Hydroceleand all slmi-
VHItIbUuCLCs lar difficulties treated
with unf.iiiing success.
R I I DT I I *? F Ne w method ' Sllre cure, pain-
nUl I UilSLiless treatment, no detention
from work, no experiment, no truss. A posi-
tive, certain and permanent cure.
PRIVATE DISEASES ll:Z?*»t
ly anil forever cured.
I AlllF^ Will receive special and careful
LHUIuO treatment for all their many ail-
ments.
"WRITE if away from the city. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all the organs
and their diseases, free on application. Call
or address
F. L SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market St., San Francisco, Cat.
50TICE 15YITI5G_SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
rriHR MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
-L in* City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of tan Jose." etc,
passed on tne 2 1st day of December, 1896, and
approved on she 23d day of December, 18961
] ordalne.J that there should be Issued bv said city
of San Jose six hundred higa school building
: bond*, of the denomination of $125 each, arid four
' hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 8100
I •ach, both daises of bonds to bear Interest at the
'■ rate of <% per cent per annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed th» City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals tor the sale of said bond*,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby Riven that trie City of Sao
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
ana tbat scaled proposals will be received at ths
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hall In saa
Jose, i ailfornla. until the hour of eight o'clock
p. M.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (a:
I which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for tne purchase of the whole or
any part of said high scnool building and sewer
bonds, or either thureut ■ Said bonds are to bear
date June 1. 1897, ana the interest thereon lobs
paid semt-nuuually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and Interest payable in gold com or
lawful money of Hie United States.
SaidhUh school buildinz bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both,
inclusive, and bo divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively iron] one to tony, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen txndi;
the first Maries is to Include those bonds whicli at*
numbered from one to fifteen, both luclnsive, and
each succeeding series is to Include ine fifteen
bonds numuered consecutively after inoso in-
cluded In me next preceding aeries-
Said newer bonds sha;i be numbered conaeco-
tlvely from on* to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b • divided Into tony series numbered "ou-
secotlvely from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first aeries is to
include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series-
The first series •of said high school building
bonds and said sewer courts shall be made payab<a
on the first day of June, Ib9B. and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the first
day of June In each succeeding <a endar year
thereafter, until and including the year 1937.
b»ld bonds are to be made payable to the order of
the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
•aid bonds there Is to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double In number in the number of v-ars
whicii such bond has to run before Us maturity.
| Proposals must state the price offered, the descrip-
-1 tion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checK to
be returned to bidder In case the bid is not ac-
cented. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid In gold coin of the United states withla
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rlghi
to accept any oral, bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids. Is hereby expressly re-
"£%. January a,,, 1 88 & " % C °° K ' U "*
$} Berlin* **". H. Nordman. Vloe-Pres.
A. w. Kirs. Sea Jos. jSordinan, Tresu.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very beat place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively '
our own, whose superiority has not yet bean
equaled. . , , u
.We have no rivals. We value our reputation-
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely UDoa
the merits or our work lor success.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHAKLKS 'H. PHILLIPS.' ATroKXKY-AT-
V a v and Notary Public, 638 Market si. oitp£
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence l^'ii
JTcil street. Telephone « •am, w IbJJLAND FOR HALF
A MILLION
Mrs. Stanford to Part With
Many of Her Valuable
Acres.
The Money Will B5 Used
to Pay Off ihs
Legacies.
The Property Includes Some of the
Finest Tracts in ths Vast
Estate-
Mrs. Stanford is going to sell over a
half million dollars' worth of land. She
so decided last night and completed ar
rangements at once. The property will
be put on the market immediately. Mc-
Afee Bros., real estate agents, of 108
.Montgomery street, will make the sale.
The property consists of live ranches in
different parts of California. Altogether
there are 6SOO acres of land, much ol it
• very fertile.
It will be extensively advertised, both
in the East and on this coast. The idea
is.to cell each ranch as a whole if possible.
> This property is part of the so-calied
"l.e!ana Stanford estate, which itself is
>pr>arate from the endowment of Stanford
University.
•The valuable and extensive Vina, Grid
ley, Palo Alto and other ranches, together
forming a total of 86.400 acres, have noth
ing to do with this sale. They cannot be
sold. They are forever the property of \
the upiversity, having been given to it by (
tenaior Stanford during his lifetime.
It will be remembered, however, that
Senator Stanford made provisions in his
will for twenty-seven legacies, amounting
to over $1,000,000. Some of the legatees
were relatives, others were friends of Sen
ator Stanford. Mrs. Stanford has been
paying money to tee different legatees as
fast aa it has been possible to realize from
the property.
This sale is primarily intended to raise
money to make further payments on the
legacies. It is also i<art of a general plan
to settle up Senator Stanford's personal
estate so that, all claims being paid, she
may turn over the balance to the univer
sity, for it was Senator Stanford'B wish
that the university should get even more
property than that with which he oripi
nally endowed it.
In addition to the3e fine ranches, valued
at over a half million dollars and now
offered for sale, Senator Stanford's estate
Includes over anali million dollars' worth
of other real estate in City lots and small
lanches and a half million dollars' worth
of stock in the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. This is all separate from Mrs.
Stanford's own property. After the pres
ent saie is consummated the other land
will eventually be put on the market.
It will thus be seen that after ail the
legacies shall have been paid, there will
be neany $1,C00,000 to turn over to the
university to sweil the munificent gift of
millions already bestowed.
Mrs. Stanford first contemplated this
Rale a month ago, and incidentally men
tioned it at that time. She said nothing
more about it, however, until last night,
when Mr. McAfee was summoned to her
residence on Nob Hill, and there the pre
parations were perfected.
The appraised value of the fine ranches
is slightly in excess of $500,000. The
agents hope to sell them for more than
that. '
The Copeland ranch, of 2000 acres, in
Tehama Cou nty, is one of the properties
to be converted into cash. It is appraised
at $100,000. It adjoins the Vina ranch,
ihat belongs to the university, and a large
part of it is river bottom Jand fronting on
the Sacramento River. The soil i 3 rich
and black. The land is covered with live
oaks, and is irrigated throughout with an
unlimited supply of water from Deer
Creek. The ranch was originally intended
for a line horse farm, similar to that at
Palo Alto. There are buildings and im
.provements on it that cost Senator Stan
ford $50.000— barns, sheds, stalls, race
tracks and other conveniences peculiar to
a first-class racehorse farm. The place is
planted to grain and alfalfa, and there is
an orchard. The railroad and the county
road cross the ranch. The Vina railroad
station is close by.
The Dr. Irwin ranch of 3000 acres, ten
miles from Martinez, in Contra Costa
County, is another of the farms offered
for sale. It is valued at over $00,000.
Formerly it was a part of the well-known
Government ranch, so callei. It is valley
land. The soil is a rich loam. At present
It is rented and is planted to grain. There
is some marsh land along near the bay
and that is used for grazing. This ranch
wiK be sold as one piece or in small hold
ings, as it has already been surveyed for
subdivisions.
The McCoppin ranch of 320 acres, two
miles from Ban Luis Obispo, will also be
It belonged to ex- Postmaster Mc-
Coppin of San Francisco. It is very fertile,
and. is particularly adapted to the erowtu
of grain, beans and vegetables. Some of
it last year yielded as much as twenty-five
eack3 of barley to the acre. It is situated
ne,ar the narrow-gauge railroad and
county road to Port Harford, and is close
to the San Luis ObisDO Racetrack. There
is a cottage and a few outbuildings on the
place.
The StiJlman ranch of 280 acrei, about a
mile from the center of the town of Red
lands, in San Bernardino County, is also
. for tale. It is in the midst of beautiful
orange groves on a sloping hillside over
looking San Bernardino, Highlands, Men
tone and other towns in the valley. Two
railroads— the Southern Pacific and the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe — run
within a block's distance of the place, and
county roads bound it on ali sides. Dr.
Stiiiman, an old-time Califorman, after
whom it was named, bought the place
twenty-five years ago.
He intended to make it a wine ranch
and to-day a large part of it is set to wine
grapes. There are also peach trees and
apricot trees. The original but little
Uied winery and brandy-still, together
with a small packing-house and a cottage,
.are all the buildings. Every square yard
of the land is under cultivation and it is
all rich, productive land, irrigated from
the Sunnyside ditch, one of the oldest
watercourses in that part of the country.
The land is especially adapted to oranges
and there are about 100 orange trees on
the place. It is supposed to be worth
over $30,000.
The last piece of property of the present
Jist contains 1200 acres of picturesque hill
tide land immediately back from and
DR. WENDTE SPEAKS IN DEFENSE OF DR. JORDAN.
Rev, Alfred Kummer, Pastor of the First Methodist Episcopal Church, Disagrees With
Stanford's President.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4, 1897.— Dr. C. W. Wendte came to the relief to-day of President Jordan and issued the following
open letter to the ministers who are criticising the Stanford professor:
The discussion evoked by recent utterances of President Jordan on revivals seems to one of your readers, at least, to be uncalled for.
President Jordan was addressing, without notes, a congregation of liberal thinkers lice himself. There was no intention of giving to the world
his utterances, much less to attack any local religious movement, of whose existence he was quite unaware. A reporter who was present
caught a flying expression from his lip*, and evidently no; correctly, as there are current two or three different versions of what he said. 'Even
as given in the newspapers his remark is far from being absolutely condemned by the orthodox clergy, the Rev. Dr. Dille, amoug others, agree
ing %rith President Jordan as to the irrational and demoralizing character of some revivals. Dr. Coyle's declaration that h» never saw an ex
hibition of this kind is very mxpiistaf. Tne writer ha 6 witnessed the most disgusting displays of religious excitement and emotionalism, in
wnicli uot merely reason, but decency, were thrown to the winds, and this in the churches of leading denominations, North and South.
It is true a better, saner, more wholesome spirit prevails in the movements conducted by Mr. Moody, Mr. Munhall and others. But this
is mainly because of the growing ascendency of that reaion in religion which the university does so much to foster. The church might take
to heart St. Paul's terse comments on the fanatical excesses of the church of his day: "In the church I had rather speak five words H4th my
understanding than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue. Brethren, in understanding be not children, b« men."
Jesus told us to worship God with all our heart and mind and soul and strength; that is, with our feelings, our reason, our daily service
and our moral and spiritual aspiraiions.
This balanced piety is the ideal to strive after. To attain it we need to cultivate, in moat of our churches, the rational part of our nature,
and toresiraln tne emotionalism to which Teligious people are so proae. Imagine Jesus of Nazareth conducting a modern revival. Compare
the more or lass sensational methods there employed to the heavenly calmness, the sober appeal, the spiritual instruction of the Sermon on
the Mount.
la any case do not let us be unjust to Professor Jordan by imputing to him sentiments and motives which he never entertained. And
especially do not let us condemn him for successive changes of opinion in religion, so long as these changes were all in onedirection— forward
into licht and freedom. ',
"When 1 was a child," said the great apostle, "I spake as a child, I understood as a child; but whea I became a man I put away childish
things."
The truth is. the great universities of our country, with few exceptions, stand for intellectual freedom; for the unfearing and nnre
strained application of the reason in all things philosophic and religious, as well ai scientific. This means that the current supernaturalism
is doomed, and that Christianity, divorced from credulity, miracle, emotional exess, traditionalism and creedal subscription, is to take the
place of the existing churches.
This transformation is going on with ever-Increasing power and speed. The recent utterances of Professors Howison, Hudson, Gayley,
Jordan aadLeConte arc only responsive echoes of the sentiments of President Harper. President Schumann, ex-President White, President
Eliot, President Low, Professor Brigf^, Lyman Abbott, Dean Farrar. Washington Gladden and scores of others still nominally in the orthodox
church, but in reality not of it. Truly, the religious freethinker can say to-day jubilantly with the reformer, Ulrich Ton Hutten, three centu
ries and more ago: "The sciences are studied, arts flourish, knowledge and true piety increase— it is a joy to live:" Chaeles W. Wendte.
REV. MR. KUMMER'S PLEA FOR REVIVALS.
As a minister of the Gospel, now engaged with my ministerial brothers in revival work, I have b«en greatly surprised and
deeply grieved at the following statement which you made in your sermon on «'A Sober Mind" before the Unitarian Society of
Berkeley on last Sunduy, January 31: "Stimulants produce temporary insanity; whisky, cocaine and alcohol produce tempo
rary insanity; and so does a revival of religion— one of those religious revivals in which men lose all their reason and self-con
trol. This is simply a form of drunkenness, no more worthy of respect than the drunkenness of the gutters."
This statement is not only historically false ana unscientific, but in extremely bad taste from one whois not a minister but a
scientist, and therefore, according to the "scientific method," not qualified to speak intelligently upon a purely spiritual method
of propagandism.
The charge you make against revivals is the same that the Pharisees made and which Peter refuted on the day of Pentecost.
That revival, as you must know if you are familiar with the Hebrew Scriptures, was not the first nor the la«t. All along the line
of history from Pentecost through the first centuries; after the dark ages to Luther and Melancthon, the Renaissance, to Calvin
and the Wesleys, to Jonathan Edwards, on to Moody and a thousand other evangelists of these times, rrvivals have beon ap
proved of God for the spiritual and intellectual awakening of the world. I have seen Mr. Moody, B. Fay Mills and other great
revivalists, in ruass-meetings, put the test to ascertain what proportion of their great audiences of Christian people started in the
religious life through the influence of revivals, and the testimony has always been that an overwhelming majority were con
verted through the power of revivals. What will you, President Jordan, say to this undeniable fact?
You are the president of a college, and, therefore, you are supposed to have studied colleges in every possible relation.
You must, therefore, know that very few educational institution! have escaped the excitement which you decry with a mind that
is evidently far from "sober."
Allow me, learned sir, to recommend to yon a careful study of the educational tcbles furnished by Dr. Dorchester and
General Eaton. From these tables you may learn tnat of the 30.000 students who'are now pursuing regular college courses in this
country, almost one-half are Christian. At Amherst, William". Middlebury, lowa, Berea, and many denominational colleges and
universities, three out of every five students are Christian. Revivals are common in colleges; especially have they been so in
recent years. At Princeton, nearly all of the last thirty classes have experienced seasons of revival, and a few years ago over 100
were converted in a single term, and there was great excitement, still not as much as over a modern game of football. At Am
nerst, Williams, Dartmouth and other Eastern colleges revivals have been the rule rather than tne exception. And at Oberlin,
DePauw, the Northwestern University, and in many other Western colleges, revivals are frequent and powerful. Yale has had no
less than forty revivals, resulting In the conversion of at least 1500 souls. Dartmouth has had tenor twelve revivals, resulting in the
conversion of more than 300. These and similar statistics are easily accessible to any one who is in search of the truth, and he
who overlooks them or willfully perverts them may not hope to escape the criticism of better informed or more honest toilers in
the fields of culture. No, learned sir, you would be in better business and would much more please your patrons and the Chris
tian young people we send to you from our Christian homes, many of whom made their religious start in revivals, If you would
help these young people to warm up tbe icy atmosphere of Palo Alto, made icy by your skepticism and moral indifference, if, as
the noblest college presidents have done, you would foster a revival spirit rather than promulgate the skepticism, infidelity and
materialism of Voltaire, Colenso and Paine among thesojatuuents at Palo Alto.
But your remark is not only historically false, but it is unscientific and extremely ill advised. You are supposed to know
the meaning of words; the etymology of tne word "revival" is so easy that no profound Latin scholarship is necessary to see its
full import, and, therefore, you must know that every religious awakening has its analogy in nature, in art. in science, and in
every form of human learning; there are seasons of depression, "winters of discontent," to be followed by the blossoming
spring of an awakening, sunshine, fruitage and prosperity— that has always been the order in nature, business and Providence,
or grace.
You insist upon the scientific method. You say that the utt*rances|of thelogians are of little or no value upon scientific
matters; tbey know nothing of scientific observation and classification ; tney may be graduates of Yale, or Cambridge, or Lelpsic
or Tubingen; they maylhave pursued faithfully and for years post-graduate courses; they may have taken the honors of their class,
but, according to your dictum, they must never dare to attack your materialistic vaporines, nor your science "falsely so called "
for, forsooth, they are not supposed to have the mental astuteness to understand these things; that is all plainly the spirit of
the president of Stanford University. Well, so mote it be. But, air, we ask you to take your own medicine; we want you to
abide by the scientific method. Wbaf, let me ask, do you know of revivals? How many have you ever attended? Were
you ever at the altar as a seeker of salvation? If you were and w<re sincere, in what estimation will you hold the man who
pours forth contempt upon that most sacred moment in your llfe?sßut if not, with what authority can you speak upon a matter
to which you have never given your mind, much less your heart? Christianity, too, has its laboratories
Were you ever in the refining fire of a red-hot revival? Did you ever, in deep humiliation and prayer, apply the chemicals
and scalpel of rigid self-examination, consecration and the searching, cleansing power of God's spirit? To ask these questions is
to answer them. What right have you, then, according to your own scientific to denounce revivals, and speak of
"whisky," "cocaine" and the "gutters" in the same breath with a word which, to all God's true people, stands for the most
sacred memories, the purest aspirations, the most wholesome reform, and the most ra lical and lasting work of the spirit of God?
Your words are sacrilegious, born in spiritual blindness, and unworthy the "sober mind" of a common crossroads schoolteacher.
Your utterances and conduct as a Unitarian preacher have a still more serious bearing. We, as parents and patrons of your
school, have rights which, if you are a man, you must respect; if you will not respect them you simply prove yourself entirely
unworthy and unfit for the sacred interests reposed In your hands. We do not propose that you shall, without protest on our
part, make skeptics and infidels of our &ons and daughters. If you had the wisdom you ought to have, and a tithe of the "sober
mind" of which you so conceitedly boast, you would keep out of pulpits, and especially out of Unitarian pulpits. You are not a
preacher. In the humble judgment of many good people, you make lamentable failures whenever you attempt to preach for it
is evident you have no preparation for that sacred work.
You will allow a humble Methodist preacher ta apply your own scientific method when he asks you to stick to ichthyology,
conchology, seals and whales, for about these matters you are capable of instructing the public, but let others who have been spe
cially called, and vrho have given the best yea«a of their life in special preparation for their work, who have studied sacred history
and philosophy, and who have felt revival fires in their own personalities, let them preach the Gospel of the Son of God and bring
about the spiritual awakenings and missionary enterprises which makes trips to the Sandwich Islands and the seal countries pos
sible and safe for you, a student of fishes.
You will never be a true educator until you know something experimentally of the revival spirit. We make this statement
both as pnilosopby and history. This is what the editor of the Boston Journal says: It is a well-known fact that religion was
both the basis and motive of the establishment of the older colleges in the East, as well as of the newer institutions of the West
and South. Harvard was founded because of the dread of leaving an Illiterate ministry to the churches; Yale was
established for the nurture of a more rigid orthodoxy than that prevailing at Harvard and for the education of a ministry
for the New Haven colony. So of Princeton, Dartmouth. Bowdoin, Amherst and others. The religious idea waa prominent and
fundamental in their establishment; they were born in that Bpecies of excitement which you have the su
preme folly to condemn; the Western colleges are in a large number of instances, whether denomina
tional or not, the direct outgrowth of missionary movements and revival power. lowa College
was founded by the famous Andover Band and has always been an active agent in evaneellration. At Oberlin, in
its earlier years, a banner waved from the flagstaff bearing the inscription, "Holiness to the Lord," and a soirit of aggressive
piety has marked that institution in all the stages of its growth down to the present moment. At Harvard, in the earlier days
the students were required to rerjder the O d and New Testaments from their originals into the Latin, and many other religious'
studies and duties were imposed.
Allow me, now, in a final word, Professor Jordan, to remind you of a fact which you seem constantly to forget, that you
stand in a representative place and capacity; that even if in your secret thought you are a modern destructive critic, a materialis
tic evolutionist, a deapiser of evangelistic fervor, and a Unitarian, occupying Unitarian pulpits on the Lord's day, you do a stupid
thing and make a fatal blunder when you air your skepticism and disseminate your speculations and insult the Christian con
science of your best and most numerous patrons. The wisdom of the serpent should be combined with the harmlessness of the
dove, but the combination will never be made by one who possesses neither. You have yet to learn the patience, the humility
and the silence of the true scholar. If speech be silver, then, indeed, is silenca golden to men who occupy petitions so difficult to
fill and so delicate in all their various adjustments as a college presidency.
How many students would there be left at Palo Allo if every young lady and gentleman who has gone there from evangelic
ally Christian homes would pack up his trunk and leave your college? Will you seriously attempt to answer that question and
in the future endeavor to act with that equipoise, that judicial fairness, that "sober mind," which should characterize a college
president? Alfred Kttmmer, Pastor First M. E. Church, Oakland.
south of the Stanford University campus.
It j,s bounded by three county roads— on
the 'north, east and south— and on the
west by the pretty Los Trencos Creek,
which forms the natural boundary line
between San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties.
Covered by iiveoak trees, commanding
a tine view of the Santa Clara Valley, the
bay and the mountains, and only a half
mile to a mile from the university build
ings, this property will be advertised as
particularly suited to suburban resi
dences, to homes for parents wishing to
live near tha university during the time
their sons and daughters attend as col
lege students. This property is valued at
over $200,000. That part of the place used
to belong to a mysterious wealthy ranch
man named Coutts. who was a refugee
from J- ranee, and who sold out to Senator
Stanford and fled to parts unknown.
Two I'urgliirs* Arrested.
James Johnson and John Peterson were ar
rested Wednesday by Officer C. Peters and de
tained at the California-street police station
on a charge of burglary. The prisoners were
detected leaving the room of John Bo wen, 33
Pinkney alley, with a supply of bed-clothing
In their possession when they were arrested. -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1897.
GONE AFTER SCHUBERT.
The Pay Which the Cashier
Received and the Rapid Life
He Lately Led.
Detective Boss Whitaker left yesterday
morning for Yuraa to bring back E. W.
Schubert, the defaulting cashier and
bookkeeper of the Rubs House, who was
arrested there on a telegraphic dispatch
from Captain Lees on Wednesday night.
It will cost $250 to bring Schubert here.
and that amount was yesterday banded
over in cash by Colonel Young, the pro
prietor of the Kuss.
This expense, with the amount of the
defalcation, which is $1200 of itself, will
have to be Dome by the American Surety
Company. This company bad a $2000
guarantee policy on Schubert, and any
sum inside this amount which he might
et from the Rusb House the company
vroaia be liable for. Schubert himself,
however, bad to pay for this policy, as is
the custom in such cases, and it cost $"5
for each y»ar.
It is said that Bchubert has no re
sources, and if this be so and he cannot at
least render a quid pro quo in his dilem
ma, he will have to suffer the conse
quences of his misdoing. Some verbal
comment has been made that the salary
he received was not sufficient on which to
properly; tut Colonel Yoiing has a
different story to t 11 regarding this.
"He received $70 a month besides his
board and room, and bad an attendant
the same as any. of the guests to wait on
him," said the colonel. "He certainly
had money enough to meet all reasonable
expenses, to say the least. What he did
•with the money which he took from > the
hotel I do not know, but I believe from
what I hear that he has lately entered on
a career of fast living."
Schubert appears to have done a good
business in Denver during the lively times
there some years ago, when he bad charge
of the Oxford. When hard t mes after
ward came be seemed unable to live with
in bis income and fell into unfortunate
ways, which have resulted thus injuri
ously to him." ' ' ' . .
• • »
TO CUKE A COL IS ONE DAY.
gake laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All drug
6uu reiund the money ii it fails to cure. 'Hq
MACHINERY FOR
THE PEARCE MINE
President Penrose Here to
• Get Hoisters and a
Mill.
N.'W Eonaoza Producing Oae
Hundred Tons of Ore
a Day.
Som? Particu'. :;rs of On* of the Most
R:cent and Biggest Discoveries
in Ar zona.
Professor R. A. F. Penrose, president o
the Pearce Gold Mining and Milling Com
pany, Pearce, Ariz., is in the City. Tbe
Pearce mine, in which he is a large
owner, has up to the present time been
developed by the use of horses and whims.
It is now the intention to pet a heavy
plant of machinery to place on the
mine. This will materially expedite the
gettinc out of ore.
"Up to the present time we have taken
out between 15,000 and 18,000 tons of min
eral,' 1 said Professor Penrose, "from a
depth of about 300 feet. Tbe time has ar
rived now when we need a good plant.
This means, of course, improved hoisting
machinery, cages, about 600 feet of tram
way for carrying the ore to the bins and
other apparatus.
"Beside this we will put on a large mill
for the successful treating of the ore.
Hitherto we have been shipping tbe
product of the mine to Pueblo. We load
the ore on tbe Southern Pacific cars at
Cocuise, a station fourteen miles from our
mine. We haul the ore there by wagon.
"About 100 tons a day is the output.
We ship nothing that does not go at least
$50 to the ton."
Profe&sor Penrose is of the chair of econo
mic geology and mining in the Chicago
University. He has been for several
years past interested in mining in Ari
zona. One of his partners is John Brock
man, the pioneer of New Mexico and Ari
zona, who was on General Howard's staff
in the Apacne campaign.
Professor Penrose will examine different
kinds of machinery while here. The
mine, which is fourteen miles from Bis
bee, will be well equipped.
THE BAKER MONUMENT.
The Petition From the Pioneers
for a $15,000 Statue Goes
to the Legislature
M.xican Veterans Join in the Request
to Honor Baker— A Belief That
the Bill Will Pass.
W. L. Duncan, one of the members of
the Society of California Pioneers, who
commanded a company under the elo
quent and brave Colonel E. D. Baser dur
ing the war, introduced resolutions at the
recent meeting of the Pioneers for a
$15,000 monument to Colonel Baker. The
resolutions were sent to Sacramento Wed
nesday, to be presented to the Legislature.
Mr. Duncan believes that the Legislature
will appropriate the amount desired for
the monument.
"The Veterans of the Mexican War,"
said Mr. Duncan, "have drafted similar
resolutions, and th?y went up to Sacra
mento this afternoon. Our resolutions
went to J. A. Waymire, who will present.
them. From all 1 can learn we will hava
a good show to get the $15,000. In all
reason, we ought to, for it is high time
California was doing something to com
memorate the brave deeds of Colonel
Baker.
"I commanded a company under Col
onel Baker, and am the only one I now
know who served similarly under him,
though there may be others. Colonel
Jerome of the Custom-house, who is a
nephew of Colonel Baker, believes the
money for the monument will be speedily
obtained."
The resolutions, which were offered oy
Mr. Duncan, seconded by Sum Halliday
and adopted by the Pioneers, and which
have now gone to the Legislature, are as
follows:
Whereas, We, the Society of California
Pioneers, having heard that a bill is now
pending in the Legislature of this State to
appropriate the sum of £15,000 for the pur
pose 01 erecting a monument or statue in
Golden Gate lark to commemorate the
memory of the late Colonel £. £>. Baker; and
wherews, we recognize the fitness ot such pro
ceedings and having great regard and esteem
for our hero, patriot and statesman, who not
only showed his patriotism and gallantry in
the war wi;h Mexico — especially at tho battle
of Cerro Uordo, where he commanded and led
a brigade after General Shields feU — but after
ward gave up iiu lie fur his country at the
battle of Balls Bluff while fighting in the
deienseof our Union; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Pioneers of California,
in meeting assembled, do hereby urge the
members ot the Leeislature to pass the bill as
introduced by the Hon. Janus A. Waymire in
the Assembly ana Hon. Jb\ & titrauon in the
We feel that to the veterans of the Mexican
War is due the fact that the broad domain of
California is now a portion of our Federal
Union. And also that the veterans of the
Civil War fought to retain our Stats and
maintain our Union. Our lamented Colonel
£. D. Baker fought and ncbiered distinction
in both wars, so he should be remembered.
A DAY FOR LUTHERANS.
They Will Celebrate the Four Huu
dredth Anniversary of the Birth
of Mrlaucthou.
Tee following address to toe Lutherans
of the City has been issued :
Four hundred years aeo on Tuesday, Feb
ruary 16, Philip Melancthon was born and
twenty year* later became the poweriul and
indispensible ally of Lu.her and tne German
Reformation. In the evening of that day tne
Lutherans of every nationality in Sen fran
cisco and around the bay will unite iv com
memoration of his birth. The exercises will
be held In the First English Lutheran Church
on Geary street, near Gough. Addresses will
be delivered by prominent Lutheran clergy
men, among whom are Rev. Dr. Busbiiell of
Oakland, Revs. £. Icelander, Th.D., H.
Gen re We and C. Moenl of San Francisco and
others. The day is one of world-wide celeb
rity.
Wherever there are Lutherans, and especially
in German*-, the homd of Melancthon's
activities and of the Lutheran reformation,
i.uTo the four hundredth anniversary of
Melancthon's birth will be observed. No
pains are being spared to make this celebra
tion around San FrancUco Bay a real houor to
the man celebrated. The "Preceptor Ger
maniae" — the scholar of the reformation— is
not a hollow tit c (riven to the associate and
colaborer with Lu'her, but one earned by him.
Even the twentieth century may learn irom
him, for it is a fact that never since his death
were his life and writing so generally and
carefully studied as now— the four hundredth
anniversary of bis birth. Six nationalities
will be represented in this celebration and
nearly all the Lutheran pastors will take part
in the services, special music will be fur
nished.
Me.ancthon was the writer of the Angs
burg contention, which la (he bond of Lu
tneran unity, and also of a detente of the con
fession, which la the fullest and completcst
B *i tln ? fortn of tne Lutheran doctrines in an
official way. During Luther's life he was his
constant companion and adviser, whom he
a 4 so outlived about fourteen years.
PEfiKINS' KEPLY.
Hit Views on the Wisdom of th« Ar
bitration Treaty.
In reply to a letter from Judge M.
Cooney resarding tue arbitration treaty,
Senator Perkins has sent the following: ..
United s-'tates Senate, \
Washington. D. C, Jan. 38. 1897. j
Hon. M. C'coney, Pkrlan Building, San Fran
cisco. CaL—blY Deab Judge: I tnauk you very
much fo your letter of Jauuary 21, relating to
the proposed arbitration treaty, for I find that
my mind has been traveling in exactly the
same path as your own, which has been edu
cat d to follow out the intricacies of law and
ascertain remote results. lam lri'e to bay that
I cannot, as yet, see that advantage can ba
gained by the Uuited States by this particular
treaty. It seems to me that through it we
should be in dansrer of having our affairs
inextricably entangled with thos_- of European
powers, so that every political disturbance
abroad would produce disturbance at home.
We have thus far been fortunate— Ido not
think most of us recognize how fortunate— in
being entirely free Irom European political
entanglements, and I should deem it a great
misfortune if we should ever be so connected
with European affairs as to btcome one of the
Dowers which are always on the verge of war
with each other.
I am in favor of arbitration of international
differences and of differences at home grow
ing out of the relations of labor and capital.
But I am of the opinion, as you are, that in
the former case an arbitration commission
can be formed to dispose of disputes which,
when settled, will leave us free of European
Influence as we have thus far bfcen.
While these are toe general grounds on
which I object to a treaty of this kind, I have
specific objjction^ on the score of the char
acter of the final arbitrator, who is, in my
opinion, bound to decide in favor ol England
in any case that might come before him.
Yours very truly, George C. Perkins.
Denounced as an Outrage.
The Building Trades Council has adopted
the protest of the San Francisco Stone-cutters
against the cutting ot stone at Stites quarry
and working the men over the reeuiatlon
hours and lor less than the regular wages paid
to workmen In that craft on State work, which
was denounced as an outrage on all honest
labor.
Berlin pays a salary to a professional
bird-catcher, who keeps scientific and edu
cational institutions supplied with birds,
birds' nests and eggs, and he is the only
man in the emnire rermitted" to do so.
NEW TO-DAY.
One of the per-
fected scientific dis-
coveries of recent
years is cocoa. It
has in an incredibly
short time taken
front rank as THE 1
drink of all drinks.
It is always delight-
fully refreshing, and
when it's fresh and
pure is more
strengthening than 1
any ordinary food
we can eat.
GHIRARDELLI'S cocoa is
made here. Always fresh and
guaranteed to be pure.
.
33 Ct T 25 CENTS
o-o-o-o-o-00-000-000
AN EXCELLENT
"II TTE 1 A T Properly prepared and
\yir\r\ I . Promptly served, can
XT I i,.4J. a, A-/ always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T~\ AT A /^»T^
Most Popular KU A I H
Dining Apart- 1 iii^iiVjJU
meat in town. m. ■miuui« ■ ■ m% jwmrrrrrrr\ i
o<K>o-o<><H>o<><><><>
A practical sportsman with humanitarian instincts
relates that on one occasion, in the forests of Maine,
his catch was so large that he gave way to much
enthusiasm, which was added to by certain good
spirits that, during the excitement, escaped from a
i . ~ glass bottle and took possession of him and his guide.
Before going to sleep that night, however, each maa
swallowed a
R-l-P-A-N-S TABULE
and in the morning neither had a touch of anything
like the . headache that on previous occasions had
pretty uniformly followed unusual success with rod
and reel.
— • — - . .."■■•' — .. . . .. . iij
SHnu^PfHy" a French physician, will cure you of all
Jr <? V\ mv» •*** <5t tlon 0I * •»™ous French physician, wM quickly cure you of all ner-
\\\ /cAI %*> ', \\ ? ons or diseases of the generative orgaiii, such as tost Manhood,
N. £jfl/ \L g£*dj Insomnia, Pains In the Baclc, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
KM Vi^» V **Gr Pimples, XJnfitn«s9 to Marry, £xh»ustinfr Drains, Varlcocele aiid
a \^ ' r V -/ Oonstipatlon. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
H '■>>***-■' >JLt/ ness of discharge, which if not checked leada to BpermatorrbOßa and
BEFOPL ind AFTER all th« horrors of Impotency. t'i'PIDESE cleanses deliver, Ui«
H otrurttnunriLn kidneys and the urinary organs of ail impuriUea.
■" fUPI»)E!(E strengthens and restores small weak organs. .
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c?«t are troubled wttk
Proatmtltta. CUPlDENElstheonly kno.*n remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 testimoni-
als. ' A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect « i>ermaaent«iir*
11.00 a box, six for 15.00, by mall. Send for frjce circular and testimonials. , *"~" c ?*?«»
Address UAVOi-. JJUBDIVINxS CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
. i,ivU«JKS' riiAK^IACV, , 119 Powell 3UMb
NEW TO-DAY.
MUNYON
CURES j|Y MAIL
Thousands Have Been. Cored Tbrongb
Prof, Mflnyon's Free Medical Advice.
Munyon's Medical Institution, 1505 Arch
street, Philadelphia, is the Dest one of its
kind in the world. It employs a large
staff of skilled specialists to diagnose the
cases not only of people applying i>er-
sonally lor treatment," but those in" all
parts of the country who send in personal
letters asking the best methods of being
cured of various diseases. Thousands oi
these letters are received every week and
a staff of irom ten to fifteen doctors are
daily employed in dictating replies
through the medium of as many stenog-
raphers. These letters are received in the
strictest confidence and promptly an-
swered with tie best medical advice ob-
tainable. No effort will be spared to see
that each case is thoroughly diagnosed
and the proper remedies to effect a cure
are prescribed. For these services no fee
is expected.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a viaL
Address Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia, Pa.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OF TUB
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug; cutters, who, having
forced the selling price of MUNYON':*
KKMKDiI.s to cost, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not Rood, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend, as being better. Such men ara
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting .VUNYON'S.
i Philadelphia
Shoe CO. 80. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Best PH Will .
On JSL m
Earth, ' . joBs*i Well,
$1,50. .g^rf $i,SQ.
OUR GOOD NAME
Ha» never been questioned. We have
dealt honestly with the public and thrived.
i'O you doubt that we are blockaded? If so
come to the corner of '1 hird and Market
streets and judge for yourself. We must
sell cheap to do business. We never de-
ceive the public. What yon buy of us we
guarantee, s-peclal for this week: Ljuies'
Cloth or Kid Top Button Shoes, pointed or
medium square toes and V-shaped patent
leather tip*: straight vamps; best -rid kid;
clotb warranted fast; will be bold at 91 50
a pair.
children's and Misses' Cloth or Kid Top
Button Shoes, medium-square toes and
patent leather tips, spring heels, same ma-
terial as in ladies' shoes, sold as follows:
Sites 8 to 101A $1 00
Sizes 11 125
TULE INSOLES,
15c a Pair.
TULE INSOLES.
MV Country orders solicited.
49* Send for Sew Illustrated Catalogue.
address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
JO Third St., San Francisco.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL APHRODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys" and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own Merit*;
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
N'ABER, ALFS & BKUNK, Agents, .
323 Market St., S. I-'. — (Bend for Circular)
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
-SIMMAIY OF THE MAKKETS.
Sliver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley Off.
• Oats, Corn ana Kye neglected.
Rolled Barley cheaper.
Bay weak.
£cans and Seeds dull.
potatoes. Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Dairy Butter firmer.
I-; ccs and Cheese weak.
Poultry doing better.
Game continues dull.
Fruits unchanged.
Provisions quiet.
Decreased Customs collections.
New quotations for Candles.
PUBLIC MONEY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
C. P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer United States at
f-a.n Francisco, reports cash on band January 31,
1897, as follows:
Vnited States not** $7,300 00
Treasury notes 1890 84,«H9C«
National Bank notes 2,105 00
Gold certificates '.96.6*0 00
Pilver certificates 208,368 00
GOld coin 14,329, fO
Standard silver dollars 2d.122.1>>3 00
Subsidiary silver coin 479,513 bO
Minorcoin &.->4l 30
Total 54).540,5tfl 10
Shipments of silver coin from the same office in
tie month of January, 1897, were as follows:
Standard silver dollars, 1,000; subsidiary sil
ver. $32,1>0; total, $103,4b0.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local Customs collections in January wer«
9505,897, against $537,200 in January, 1896.
Fxp!ani»tlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figarM
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the Amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect popi s of equal air pressure; i»o
--therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word ••hisrh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather"and rainy
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north aud south alonjj the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marlced curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
i he pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
•reathar In winter. The reverse of theaeconditsonj
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BURBAU REPORT.
United States DEPARTMENT or Agricui>
tube. Weather Bureau, Sasi Francisco, Feb.
4, 2 897, sp. M. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the game date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four hours:
Kureka 29.42 inches, last season 24.73. past 24
hours 2.10: Red Bluff 17.12, Us', season 13.83, past
24 hours .84; Ban Francisco 15.73. las: season
12.42, past 24 hours .66: Fresno 7.26, lait season
4.09. past 24 hours .09: San L'.iis Obispo 14.42,
last season 12.25, pasi 24 hours trace: Los Angeles
10.93, lHst reason 5.9:, past 24 hours. oo; San
Diego 7.25. last season 4.38. past 24 hours .00:
Yuma 4.66, last season .46. pas: 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum tempera;ure 57,
minimum 50. mean 54.
A storm of considerable energy and extent lies
over the northwestern portion of the country to
nignt. I>uriug the pas: twenty-four hours there
has been a rapid fall off In pressure over Wash
ington. Oregon, California. Nevada and Idaho.
Rain has fallen over almost the entire Pacific
Slope. At Kureka 1.02 inches fell In the past
twelve b-urs. Heavy rain has fallen In the Sac
ramento Valley.
The temperature has risen rapidly over eastern
Central Ca:ifo r nia and Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocit'es are
reported: Tatoosb. 48 miles per hour from the
w.st: Seat Me. £4 miles per hour fr m the south
west; Spokane, 30 miles from the south.
Forecast made at :-an Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnigljt. >ebruary 5, 1897.
Northern California — Rain t-riday. probably
clearing in the southe-n half Friday afternoon;
light southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; light west
erly winds.
Nevnda— Rain in northern portion Friday; fair
In southern portion.
L'tah — Rain I'riday in northern portion.
Arizona— hair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Friday, prob
ably Dreakisig away during the day; fresh west
erly wir.ds.
RIVKKS.
The continued rainfall over the Sacramento and
northern portion of the ."-an Joaquin valleys will |
cauße a rap d rise Friday in the rivers and creeks ■
of colusa, Vub», Suiter, Placer, Yolo, Sacramento, j
bolano, >an Joaquln ana Contra Cost« counties
The so'lowlne reports were received at 6 p. m ;
to-day; Stockton. 7 9 feet; Red Bluff. 17.5 leet
and rising slowly: Colusa, 25.2 feet; Marysville,
13.4 iret. anil rising; Folsom, 13 4 feet, a rise of j
.0 8 of afoot; Sacramento, 21 feet and rising; . ■an
Joaquln bridge, the river is 16 feet ana rising.
It will be thus seen that tn»r-* is a very large I
volume of water throughout the Sacramento
Valley generally, and with the added heavy rain
fall of to-day musi c. use a general overflow where !
levees are not adequate. The stage at Sacramento.
'-'1 feet, is 4 feet Lelow the danger line. The river
may reach 23 feet. At San Joaquin bridge the
river Is now n earing the danger line. Ample
warning of the rise was given.
Alexakdkr Mcaiuk, Local Forecast Ofllclal.
BKW YOKK MARKETS,
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. -The reduction In
the Bank of England discount rate from 3Vi to 3
per <ent Had comparatively little influence on the
markets for securities at, the opening to-day,
partly because Lnadon failed to respond
to the news. It was quite evident that
the action of the directors of the bank
bad been discounted, a reduction in the
bank rate having been foreshadowed by the de
clining quotations in the open market at London
for some days past. Stocks, after advancing i/ 8 <°
» 6 percent, soon developed weakness, and under
tel inij, chiefly tor the short account, almost the
entire list sustained losses varying from Vi to 1
per cent. The downward movement was tempor
arily checked by the unexpectedly favorable
showing made by the Chicago. Bnrlluston and
Quincy. Unas rumored yesterday and this morn
ing that the statement wou d show a decrease la
net earnings of about S20J.000; instead the
official figures reported an Increase as compared
with 1895 of $76,799 in net .earnings, and of
$69,630 in surplus.
On this shorts covered freely and Burlington
rose rapidly, Influencing other stocks. The im
provement was of short duration, however, and
during the afternoon the advance was Dot only
lost but In some Instances— mostly industrials—
losses were recorded. Sugar fell from 1165/ 8 to
114%- while Leather preferred declued to (>9i.
and Lead to 22%. Ch.cago Gas was sold down
1% to 771/8 °" advices iom Springfield that a bill
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorDT St., Tel. Main 1934.
ce.mkai. OFFICK
€23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur & Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin ilotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main lu9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Ciders instantly executed on latest market quo
tat lons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHiCAOU fIUVAIJi WUU£.- XZW \QUK.
■will be Introduced In the Illinois Legislature re
dactor the price of gas in in** - tnte. Officials of
th • romprny here attach no Import to the
matter. ' The Granceis yielded about a half poirr.
and Louisville and Nashville and General hie, trie
- event- us. Among the specialties Jersey Centra
| declined Hi to 99 and His Four > 3 to '"• while
New Haven and Hartford, on purchases of o.id
' lots, jumped 4 points to 16Va and Long Island 2
I to 60
The market closed quiet in tone. Net changes
show declines of i \(g,~/$ per cent. Jersey Centra ,
Sugar and .Leather preferred, however, lost l&l .">>»
per cent. Total sales were 141,434 shares, in
cluding 33,800 Sugar. ]7.:<00 Burlington, 12,600
Leather preferred, 9300 Chicago Has and 8100 hi.
PauL
Ihe bond maricet was firm to-day: sales aggre
gated $2,791,000. International »nd Great North
ern thirds rose 1 to 28: Kansas Ci.y and Northern
St. Charles Bridge s xes, I 8 ,*, to 107: National
Starih sixes. 1 lo lOlVa". Jersey Central, general
rive*. 34 to llTVj;: Northwes . conso Hated
sevens. U/s to 40%: Rock Islam!, debenture fives,
2 to 98; .Northern Pacific, consolidated fives, s«yjj
to 69%: do thirds, 5Va to 34fi, 8 ; Burlington, con
sol id a Ltd sevens, li,u'l 17 1 ... and Kansas Pacific,
Denver division. sixes, to 116%.
In Government binds. $28,0u0 coupon fours
of HO7, sold at 112V?i@ll-6/8> and 10,000 do
1925 at 122Sg.
Grain.
FLOUR— Quf°t. steady. Winter wheat, low
grades, $2 Su<s3 30: l»lr to fancy. $3 35@4 60; do
patents, $4 -b(d,b: Minnesota c ear. $3 50«io:
no straights, $1(3)4 45; do patents, $4 10©4 85;
lon- extras. •*2 MJ@S SO; C.ly Mils. $4ra,5; do
patenis, $5(c6 26: Kye m'xture, $3@3 50; su
perfine, $'^@2 80: tine, $1 t0(«-' BJ.
southern dour, quiet: common to fair extra
$3 ; :()(s 'A 50: tood to 1. boice do, $3 75@4.
K\ c flour, qu'et, dull, steady, at $2 bo@3.
Buckwheat flour, $1 10@l 15
Buckwheat, 34@24V<jC c. i. f.
COKN ME AI.-Qulei, steady. Yellow Western,
*1 90©.'.
RYE— Dull, steady. 38Vii@39c c. I. f. Buffalo:
43V-.cc. i. f. New York; .\o. 2 Western, 446 B'.*8 '.*
f. o. b . opening of navigation.
Ha KLEY-Quiet. 333 /4 c c. 1. f. New York; E6V2
@2fcc. i. f. Buffalo: 35VjCf- o. b.
WHEAT— Spot market dull. February. 94 iy 8 c;
ungraded red. os@ysc; No. i Northern, 87ft/gc.
Options opened weak aiid decll ted IftflTtr. ad
vanced IVi^Vic, closing firm at 3/^3^ c over
yesterday, wlcb a fair trade. May and July most
active. No. 2 red .February, 88-'«4c: March. 84% c;
May. 82y 8 c; July. 79V*c: t>ept«-mber, 768 /4 c.
C'OR.n— .-.pot* dull, firm- No. 2, 30c eleva
tor, 31c afloat. *
< ptions dull and firm at i/s c advance. May and
July only traded in. February, 29c: May, 30c;
July, 31V8<~-
OAT.i— spots fairly active, strong.
Options null, firmer. February, 21Vac; May,
22V'sC; July, 23c.
S>pol prices: .No. 2, 2iy>e: do white. 24c: No.
2 Chicago, 22V»c; No. 3. 20V3C; No. 3 white, 22c:
mixed Western. 22©2Sc; do white, 22(£30c;
white State, 22@3UC.
Provisions.
LAFr-Quiet, weak. Western steam, f* 12;
City, $4 to; May, $4 12; refined dull: Con
tinent. 94 25; Mouth American, $4 61); compound,
4©*y«c
J'Oi.K— Easy. New mess, $8(0.8 75.
11l IKK — « box— . firm: good demand. State
Dairy, l(J@lSc: do Creamery. 131&.29 C; Western
Creamery, 13(a.21c; do uiclory, 7*@iSc; Elgins,
2lc: imitation creamery. 11 (a. 16c.
CHF.ESE— Fair demand, steady. Part skim),
6<S9M>c; full skims, 31,2 c.
EGGS— Weaker. Icrhousf, per case, $2@3 30;
Western fre*li. 15c: limed. li!@l3iAc
COTTON SEEL. Ol..— Quiet, easy. Crude, 2Uc;
yellow prime. 2'c.
MOLAfcSES— DuII, easy, unchanged.
COr i-> X— oulL unchanged to 5 ' points down.
March, *9 35: May, $9 45: December, $9 tJO.
Spot Rio, dull, steady: .no. 7, 93,4 c. 1
— Refined, unchanged; Letter demand.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@llc.
J±>Chfc&— Peei»<i, Ooxesl2Vi@l6o; vn peeled,
bags 7©8.-. raw. . i~» .
i KV.NES — Four sizes nomina , tVgc.
RAISINS — crown L. M. 4v-.c; threecrown,
51,3: four crow 1, 6%: London " layers. $13044
1 60: clusters, $1 iO@i 90
A Mu.Mjs- ooft sueli, B@9i/ic: paper shell
11 (3 12 c.
WALNUTS— standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HoPS— Slow, fslrly active; Pacific Coast, 3V<s@
13c.
A OOL— Firm and unchanged.
Merchandise.
riGIR OX- Fairly active, unchanged.
COFPEK-Fitm. Lake. 12.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic. ,« 17i^@3 221/4
•il^— Steady, straits, *1350®13 60; piates,
moderate demand.
bPELTEK— Firm. Domestic. 94 05©4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111,, Feb. The first trend of !
wheat to-day was downward, but toward the end j
of the hour the recovery of good New York clear- !
ances took place. The trade was of a very slow I
order, scalpers having the market to themselves
most of the time. The Cincinnati Price Current
summary was a trifle bullish on wheat, stating
that the recent freezing weather was assumed to
have caused som* damage. Receipts at Chicago
were fourteen cars, and 67.362 bushels were taken
from store. The northwest had 299 cars against
176 last Thursday ana 574 a year ago. Liverpool
cables were l@li^d lower. Reaction took place
! when it was learned that other seaport points had
I not kept in line with New York in the matter of
shipments, the total exports of wheat and flour
from Atlantic pores aggregating 33.329 bushels, of 1
which 196,248 bushes was from New York.
Cable reports showing a shottage in the French
crop started -'shorts" to covering, and a sharp
bulge resulted. Closing cables were lower. Hay
wheat opened from 74vs@74S/f,c, sold between
741/4 and 761/8". closing at /4 c. 3 /4 c higher. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 20 cars. No. 2 red,
spot, wheat ringed from 8.-!/4C to 8ol B e, closing
at 85V,,fe86V8 r "-
CORN — .'iterations in the price of corn were
very small, the business being of such slight vol
ume mat it was temarkable that quotations did
not remain perfectly stationary. Ttie strength or
weakness or wheat, however, exerted a slight in
fluence, o whicn the change* were due. Receipts
were 575 cars, ana 181, 18'J bushels were with- .
drawn from store. Liverpool cables were 1 i'l
lower. Exports were 446.887 bushels May corn
opened at 24c, sold at 241,4 c. closing at the "hater,
14c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts I
for to-morrow. 550 cars.
Oat There was very little difference either In
tone or character between oats and corn. Moder
ate fluctuations with narrow limits took place.
Receipts were 305 cars. There were no withdraw
als from store and exports were Insignificant.
May o»ts closed a shade higher. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 280 cars.
>LAX— Was steady. Cash No. :, 74Vic: North
we,ieru. 7cJ,»c: llav, 77@771 / July. 7si/j;C
nomiual; September, 79»4c nominal. Receipts were
24 cars-
PROVISIONS— Were np another 2i/.r£sc to
day, a fact which had a salutary effect on provl- i
s ous. Shlpp-rs and packers were good buyer*
early, but trade became slow after the first hour
and the market slowly settled tackwiiri until
most of the opening advance was lost. May pork
closed 21,4 c higher; .May lard, 6c higher: May
i ribs. 5c up.
BUI TKR-The butter market was firm to-day;
fancy makes were scarce and they were mostly
the kind wanted.
CreameriMi — Extras. 20e: firsts. 18®19c;
seconds. 14(o(l be: Imitations, fancy, Ik@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: tiists. H«l6c: secooas. 9«210c.
Lacles— Extras, 10<ftU'c: Cuts, BJ/.b»iac; packing i
nock. 8c; grease. 2i/ 2 @3c; roil buti«r. loc.
EGGS- ere dull and steady: offerings were
libeial and the demand slow. Fresh s.ock 13c »
dozen.
..iONEY-Was4i/ 2 on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 4Uc discount.
• losing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 74c: Mar. 7584 - July 72c.
.> CORN-February, /8 c: May, *4V4C: July.
1 &— February. 15% c: May. 17»4c; July,
1 8 3 /sC.
1-oRK— May, 87 57^: July. $7 70.
LARD— May. S3 h2V 3 : July. $.1 90
RIBS— May, 93 87 Vi: July, *3 97.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, in, Feb. 4. -The ex
tremely small supplies of cattle that are coming
on the market this week are Imparting strength to
prices, and good tat beeves are selling better than
for some time past. To-day's run was remarkably
small for a Thursday, being estimated at 6500
head as compared with «330 last Tnursday. The
sruallness of the supply made buyers ea-er to pur
chase. Prices were stronger to 10c higher or good
cattle and vaincs for dry-fed beeves averaged fuiiy
20c higher than at me co.ie of lust week. About
l:;O,OU'J hog* have l*en received so tar this week,
as compared with 3 15,650 tor the same time last
wetlf and 92,000 a year ago. The supply to-d»v
however, showed a marked falling oft. Trade was
active and prices were stronger to 6c higher. Trade
in sheep and lambs was animated at firm prices.
The receipts ihls week are running a few thousand
behind last week and lait rear, but prices are ral
lying :rom their recent dec'lne.
CATTLE- Receipts. 5600. iancy beeves, *6 SO
65 50: choice to prime 135u@i7uo Ib steers. $4 90
'£5 26; good to choice 1250fi». SOU ft. steers, $1 50&
4 ha: medium steers. 1200@13..0 lbs, »4 10rq,4 45
--fair beef steers. 1 900^1151) ibs, 13 85<5p4 05-com
mon beef s-.eers. 950<51150 lbs, *.< 6i)<ai 80: good
to prime mockers ana feeders, *3 7U(g« 15; fair to
good stockersand feeders. «3 25*3 05: bulls, cnoice
to extra. S3 75@l 15: cows *nd heifers, cnolce to
prime, $3 60@4 iO; cows, fair to choice, $2 35&0
3 60: cows, common to fair canntrs. $1 SU(a2 45
--calves, gooo to fancy. »5 50©6 00; calves, common
to good. S3 60&5 20; I exas cows and bulls. «2 5U®
3 50: milkers and springers, f( head, $2u<i4o
bulls, poor to choice, $3 10@3 75. Texas ted steers'
93 35&1 20. "
Ho<7s-Kecelpts, 22.000. Ueavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 30193 46: common to choice
mixed, $3 30&3 47Vfc; cnoice assorted, S3 «oa
8 60; light, $3 3503 50: pigs. $3 25@3 50.
BHKKP— Receipts. 14.000. Interior to choice
«2 60@4 25; lambs, $4 26©5. '
Keceipta at Omaha.
UTJI OMAHA. Nfbk.. Feb. 4 -HOQs- Re
ceipts, 4800: market strong to 6c higher. Light
and mixed, $3 25®3 87%: heavy, S3 1593 25
CATTLE— Keceipis. 3<oj. Market strong for
good: others steady. ■ Steer* *3 00©l 45; cows.
SI 50©3; feeders, SS@4 10. ■ .' '
bHbEP- lieceiuts. a^OO; market firm. Muttons.
$3 40; lambs. f 4 25.
Keceipts at Kamu City.
KANSAS CITY.- Mo. Feb 4-Hc»OS_R«
cefpts. 11.400: market «tron<. I.lcln an 1 medium
*3J5@3 3S; heavy, *3 j.o(s4 32V»: pigs. $3 00®
15.
CATTLE— Becelpts. S5OO; market firm. Native
•leers best, J*-JO@5OO; fair to good, S3 20
©1 16 i cowi and tellers, Met, $3&3 60; fair
\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
to good. SI ISO® -i 00: bulls. »2 15®:< 10: stock
ers and feeders. S3 20©4 10; Texai ana Western.
S3@4: calves. $5@12.
hri KKH— ltoortpu. 2000; market s rong.
NEW YOKK. bTOCKS.
Bonds, Kzchangr, Money and Railroad
Shares. . ■
Money on call has been easy at 1 V 2 ffi-% last loan
1V2%. and closed at l-VaX- Prime mercantile pa
per, 3;. sterling exchange steady, with actual
business 111 Dancers' 1 ills a: «4 84Vs@4 84&4
lor sixty days and $4 8614&4 M6V3 for aemand.
i Posted rates. $4 b5V2©4 i>7i/2- Bar silver, 64- 1
! Mexican dollars. »os,ii.ia.sl6 3 c. Commercial bills,
'SI 83Vs@4 84. Government oonds firm; Slate
i bonds Oral: railroad bonds dull, saver at the
j board ne^lecied.
CIOPTNO KTOCK*.
Am Tei & Cable... 80 X on ti American... 4Vi
Atcbison 1434 Northern Pacific. 1!)
Preferred 24% Preferred 37i^
! Adams Express. .. 149 , Northwestern 104: 3
j -Mton, Terre Haute 56 | Preferred 153
I American Express 110 X V Central. • <; ' . i
: American Tobacco 724&JN Y. ChicaKO&aiJj 12
Preferred 102 I Ist preferred 75
j Bay state Gas IOV2 1 2d preferred. 27
i Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 153/ 'n V * N H ....168
Brunswlctc Lands. 16»/ 4 N V <!fc New Ene... 32
Buffalo, Roch &P. 65 In Y. Susq <fc W.... ■ «Vi
Canada Pacific 46 , '"referred 245/ 8
Canada (southern.. 60% Ontario lOi^
j Canton Land 11 V 2 'ntarto &^Western 15
j Central Pacific 171/4 Ore-en ln;provnint
1 I lies it Ohio 1 Prere-red
! Chicago Alton 164 On-ton N»vi»;ation 14
Preterrfd 174 Oregon Short Line. 14
j Chicaso, B <fe Q.... 74V» Pacific Mall 25V*
Chicago & E 111.... 42 I'iona. DA Kvan« -Ki.
Preferred 95 iplttsbur? « W pfd. 15
Cblcaro Gas 7 7 V* Pullman Palace.... 155Va
Clev-M A PlttsDurg.leU Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 I Preferred 11
Consolidated Gas.. 14-< (-leading .. 26'^
CC C<£ St Louis... -ll KioGrande&Westn IS
Preferred 76 referred 40
Colo Fuel <fc Irca.. 24% Rock Island 678^
j Preferred 90 RomeWat*Ozden.ll7
Cotton Oil Cert 11% St 1. A- .s W. 4
, Commercial Cable. 150 I Preferred 10^
Hudson 107** «-t Paul 7b3/
I Del Lack<tWestrn. 152 V» Preferred *'■<■'• '
Denver ife It G 11 1 st Paul & Duluth.. "-0
Preferred *'iW Preferred 87
Distillers St Paul & Omaha.. 486/ 8
General Electric... 851,4 ] Preferred I'M)
Erie 14: 4 st VM<t M 114
Preferred 35 Silver Certificates. 64%
tort Wayne 124 . Southern Pacific... 15
I Great Northern via 121 V? southern It H S3/ 8
Lireen Bay 1 Preferred 29i /8
Harlem JIU2 Sugar Refinery 114V^ I
Hocking coal- 3% Preferred . 10L''i
Hocking Valley... 10 Ter m Coal <fe Iron.. 2a»,i
Homestake 86 ! Preferred 60
M * Tei« Central Texas Pacific 9y 8
Illinois Central — 94 3 /* Tol AA & N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 ',1 1 01 Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 2:-' /2 Preferred 60
I Kansas <fe lexas... ISVa Tol at Louis &X C 5i/ 2
Preferred SO 1,1. I Preferred 15
Kingston & Ponn.. 3 lOnion Pacific T\'i
Lake Erie & Westn I6V3U P Den <k0u1f.... '-'
Preferred B.i U S Cord.i;e
Lake Snore 153 I Preferred
National Lead 221/2 Guaranteed
Preferred 89 r Kinross 36
Lone Islau 1 49 i: Leather. S I A
LouUville<& Nash. 51 ' Preferred 69^8
Louisvilie.N Atony X A 0 6 Rubber 1 . 1 * ,
j Preferred 11.4 Preferred 743/* '
■ Manhattan C0n.... fc9s/ a Uilca& l; River.. .l6o
I Memphis it Charts 16 Wab s> L&. Pacific. 6> 4
j Mexican Centra^... 9 Preferred 16%
( Michigan Central.. SO Wells- i-'arco. ... 65
, Mian A 8 L. (Western Union ... fc3
I'iefeirKl Wisconsin Central. 1
1 Minn &st L com.. 19 Wheeling & L X... 2*4 j
Ist preferred 7:'»., I'referrtNl . . 10
lid Drei. rreti 471 2Am Cotton Oil pM. 6lVji
1 Missouri Pacific... 22 W V Beef 6^
I Mobile <t uhlo 21 Ann Arbor 9
I Nashville <fc Chatt. U7Va Preferred . ... 26V2
National Linseed.. 13 i ßrooklyn Traction. 18Va
N J Centra 1......... 9sWErie 2d pfd. 19S,< 8
Norfolk <t Westrn. 11 a American Spirits.. 183,
*-ielerre<l 17V 4 ! PreierreU 31V4
• tinoiNU POVO9.
I Ala Clans A 4*. . .. . 1051/, Northern Pac lsts.H4»i i
Clam 84, 615.1033,41 Do'Jd-... .
Alabama class C. f»i /4 Do ltd H2V a
; Atchison 4s 8*i 2 DoconsolSs 59^
Do 2ds A tHy^Ot Improvmut Ist. »5
! Canada South 2i15.107 1 Do 5s l^Vi
I Cen Pac 1 of '85 olt & N Ira ' ...HIV»
Cherokee 4a. 1b90.104 i Do con sol 5?
I>°lb97 104 ; Or Short Line 6s. '..1 14
UOIB9H 104 Doconsolss 75
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6sof '97"*
Cbes&Onio 85....109-4 Pbiia A Heading 4s MV«
Ch*N IT Kcts 5s 43Ve! Do Ist pfd tucom. 47 V*
D C 3-663. 1091.4 H GrandeWestlsts 74
Den A KG Ist 11l 1,4 St L<tlronMtGensj 77
Co *■ 86i. a BtLAaF Uen 85..112i^
i r lf '-a » 66V 8 st Paul Consols.... 130
j FtW&DenClty lsts 6*3 -t PC* Pa lsts 116
I G H a- saw lOii;, £o Carolina 4>.,v.. 106
Do2d7s. J-6 boutuern H R 05... BOVa :
: Gen Elec Deb 55... 95%' Do Pac Cal lsts.. 10
IH & Tex Cent 55... 108 Turn new 3s. ... 79
Do con 6s. 102 Texas Pac Ik's!.... 9t»
■ lowa Central lsts.. 96^|Texa» J'ac 2a^. 21V4
I Kansas Pa Consols 76 lUnlon I'ac lsts 98 104 I' 41 '4
its Palsu DenDlvll6"g U S4s re of 1925. 122 Vi
LaCousol4s. 95Ya| Do 4s. coupon.... 122»/s
Missouri funding... 0 S 4« reg of 1907. 111%
M T 248. BOi/i! I>o-!s, coupon. ...1125/ R
-.Do^s 84 ! Do2s 90 U. !
Mobile <& Ohio 45.. 67i' a ! Do.*>s. Reg "llU'o
i Mutual Union 65..111^ Do6s. coupon.'.". 113 >
I £ iVfi'o 6011 5s --- 117 l V'a funding de D t... 62Vi
N YC<fcßtLouls4slosi/ 4 ' Do registered.
WestUeu 6sllß I Do deferred <5» 6
N Carolina cou 4s. 102% Do trust rcpi. 3 .pi 6
X . I)o ' is 122 Wabash Ist 5»..T..107i>f,
North weatConsola. 140 West aiiom «4.,,,.iWk
*^«100 6s HlV*'
FOREIGN MARKETS,
WHEAT IN UVFRPOfIL.
lIVERPOGL, Kxr,, Feb. 4.-The spot market
I fa dull aDd lower at 6s BVid. Cargoes ar« weak at
335, September shipment.
nrrasj,
j The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
1 I iTerrool qootatlons lor No. 2 Red Winter- Feb
ruary. 6s 3i/4d; Maicn, 6s 4i.id: Way, us 43. a:
July, 65,4 d.
FECUBITIES.
LONTfiN, Exa., Icb - *— Consols. 113 5-16; sil
ver, 2i'S/4d; French Rentes, 103f 16c
KXCHAITCUC AM) BULLION.
sterling Kxchansre, 60 days.... _ f4^6i<
Sterling Exchange, sight .','.', _ 4881^
Sterling Cables _ 489
New York Exchange, BiVh't. ."!'"'.'.* _ 20
New "i ork Exchange, telegraphic. — T'y*
Fine silver, per ounce _ 6*3^
! Mexican Doliars \ 63 62Va
PRODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT ANW OTUBtt GRAINS.
WHEAT-The Mayfield takes for Oork 80,442
ctls, value 1 at $r_'9,sHo
Shippers are now buying at reduced prices.
Futures are aull, and ulio-ether the market Is sott
and not In desirab c condition. Quoted at $1 32%
@i 37^ %* ctl fur common grades, 51 38»4@1 40
for average No. 1. SI 41Vi@l 4.'' , z lor choice aud
$1 47Vb@l 521 i %4 ctl for extra choice milling.
I All. I'.OAKI. hAI.KH.
Infobmat. tnm IQK— 9:16 o'clock— May— 2000
Ctls, SI 401/4: 80U0, $1 40Vg: 18,000, $1 40.
&>cond "*ksmon— D<?. ember— 6ooo ctls, $1 235*
-2000. SI 23Vi. -May - 14,000. 81 40%; «000
SI 4US /g .
KhOfUlt Mornins skwiion— May— 000 ctls
»l 408/,; 10,000, $1 40i 3 . Dtceniber — 4OOo',
$1 233^: 400u, $1 2K%. '
AKTKKSOON SKSBIOX — May — 18,000 CtiS
$14OS/ ; -000, $1401/4: 4000. $1 40 l«,t'00
»1 40i/ 8 December— 2. .00, $1 231,: 2000, SI 28*4
BARLEY— Dealers quote a neglected market for !
Brewing, anil Feed Is weak. 1 eed. 75@8Uc %» ell-
Brewing, 87Vi@92^c m ctL
(ALL BOAKI) BAX.ES.
Informal Skkmon— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
bxcoND sf-ssion— No sales.
! K.ri.Aß MOKMKO S-KBBION— May— 2000 CtiS,
7BVic.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctla, 78M»c
--2000, 78% c; 2000, 79.. n
OATb-ilie market Is absolutely neglected.
Fancy Feed, SI h7^@l 45; Common White,
$l<i*l 10: choice, *1 J s<<j,l 35. according 10
quality. Black for feed, iu.*l 06; for seed, *1 10
®1 2&; Ur»y, «1 15©i 30; Ked, $1 10©l 20: Sur
prise. $1 4£@l 85 %* ctl.
CORN— Trade is practically at a standstill, sale*
being mainly of a jobbing character- Large Yellow.
75@77^c; Small Round do, 80c; White, 75(gt
77J/2C p ctl. .
it V fc-b7i^(a92V«jC f». ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15@1 25 * cU.
FLOCK AM) MILLSTUFFS.
LOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
»4 8o<5« 96; Bakers' extras, $4 75«J4 85; Super.
tue $4®4 35 9 obi.
tOKNMEAL, KTC— Feed Corn, f17@17 60;
Cracked Corn. $17 60318 f* ton.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in fucks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 52 85
* 100 a.s; Rye Flour, *2 75 %>:100 lbs: Rice Flour,
to 75: Corumeal. $2 33: extra cream .10. »3:
l atnieal, S3 60; Oat fronts. $4: liomlny, $3 10
©3 30: Buckwheat Hour, S3 20@3 SO: Cracked
« heat. S3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Floor,
f 3: Roiled Oat " (bbl-), $6 LOfej 90: Pearl Barley,
*3 76@4; Split Peas, $3 60; iin*)U do, «4 25 9
ICO Us.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFKS.
Rolled Barley. continues to decline with the raw
product, and Hay Is also weak.
BRAN— SI 2 50®13 for the best and »12 %» ton
for outside brands. . .
.^ifi?^ l^ 8 -* 18 ® 19 for low « r trades aad
* 20@20 50 * ton for the best.
FtKDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $17 50(ill8:
2Sf^s? Meal at the nil". » 26 50 '* ton; jobbing.
* 27 60: clipped Oats, $1 3u»l 50 $ ctl.
»n « V I'. 1 "* 1 «t@H: Wheat and Oat, S7@
10: Oat, S6@» : Barley. S7@3 60; River Bane/
*6®b 60: Alfalfa, $6@7 60; compressed, $6@
» 60; stock, J6(a,6: clover. SB®B >» ton.
bTKAW-2&sioc bale.
BEANS AND tiEEDS.
Both Beans and Seeds continue neglected.
BEANS — Bayos. $1 60«Sl 60 ?l ctl: HmaM
Whites, sl 16«126?ctl: Large Whites, Sl@l 15^
ctl: Pinks, si io®l 25; Reds, SI 10@l 20: Black
eye, f 1 10@l 15: Red Kidney, %l 50: LJmas, $1 70
©1 90: Butlers, $1 25©l 50; Pea. VI 1»@1 »0.
s>Ktt>r-— Brown iluslar.l. *2 50tt2 75: Yellow
Mustard. $1 75(4,2 %i c.l: Flax. $1 35®1 40: Canary
beed, 1846V2V4C >. tt>: Alfalfa, 6Vic; Rape. 2VbO
-'*ie; Hemp, »c; Timothy. 4i*c.
•l J io®i I 3oVat-* NUeß ' * I@l M * j f ! Green>
POTATOtS, tNIONS, VEGETABLES.
Trices show no change of any conseauence.
POTATOES— New I'otatoes, 2@3c 1* 1b; Sweet
Totatoes, $1 25@1 75 Early Rose. 75<a86c: Klver
Keds.7s©Bsc; Kurbank >eedlines.6o@7oc "$ ctl tor
Kivers and UOc(a,sl JO lor baunas and TU;h,Bsc for
PeiHlunius; Ortgon Burbanks. «sc@«l 10.
ONIONS— SI »,o@l 75 %4 ctl: Oregons, $2.
VEGhTAHLEs — Kite Hani is quotable at
15@.'0c i* Hothouse Cucumbers. 60r@$l *
ooiaa: Ilo:liou.si> Asparagus. £<§25c %* lb: Khu
barb, ?1 (c.-J f». box: Los Ance:e.i summer Squash.
75c®$l V box; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 25®
50c: Mushrooms. ((Jiic'c ?i lb; Marrowfat >quash.
?5@S ~$ ton; Los Angeles 'lomatoes, 50c@451 V
box: Dried Peppers, 7®Hc * Ib: Green Peas, 4(g|sc
V lb; Los Angelas string H.ans. 4r<tloo: Dried
Okra,B@9c V »>; Cabbage. 40@50c ¥ ctl; Carrots,
iis<fl,3oc %t sacf: Garlic, lV 2 (a,^c V- °>-
BUTTKK. CHKKSK AND EGGS.
BUTTER-Dalry Is firmer and Creamery weaker.
Crkameky— Fancy Creameries. S!o@2^c; sec
onds. 18(g,19c * lb.
Dairy— Fancy rolls. 15@16c: squares, 17®
W-; good to choice, 13@14c; lower grades, 10
©12 Vac V &>.
PICKLED-13@14c '# lb.
KIKKIN— I3&(4C %4 lb.
Creamkry Tub— lbV»18c 13 IK
CHKKsK— Choice mild new, 10c lb: common
to good old, Bft£9c: Cream Cheddar, ll@12c: Young
America, lie; Western. ll@12c: taslern, 14®
l4Vic^ lb.
BuGtj-Tba market Is soft, with a dull trade,
though <nocw-g are kept fairly cleaned np. Kanch
Eggs, 17@18c: wore Eggs, 15@16c; Ea3tern,|l4c
f* no a. ' -.-.
POILTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY- Almost all kinds are doing better.
Live Turkeys, 16@17c %* Ib for Gobolers. 16®
17c *» lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 18@21c & lb:
Geese. V pair. $1 f>o@2: Goslings, $2 60@3; Ducks, j
$5©6 for old and $6 50(g,.' 50 > dozen for young;
Hens, $1(oj5: Roosters, younjs. «s(ft6 50 »* dozen;
do, old, ii; Fryers, $s<ss 60: Broilers. $4 50(*5 for
large and $3 60®4 for small; Pigeons, $2@2 60
i* doz tor young and $1 26 lor old.
GAME— English r»nlpe, $2 60 f, dozen: Jack
Snipe, $I@l 60 * doz: Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Coitontails and $I@l 26 for small: Gray
Geese. $2@2 50; While Geese, 76c@$l; Brant,
$1 25@L 50; Honkers. $4.
DECIDUOUS AM) CITRUS FRUITS.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c@tl f« box for choice, $1 25@1 50 for
fancy lint, iO(s,7sc for common; Eastern, $1 60
©3 V bbl.
I'ersi ii mons, 35©65 ci) box. ,
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries. S6©7 60 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITsj— Nothing new of any conse
quence. Mandarin Oranges, $l@l 16 9 box;
iNavel Oranges. »2@2 su; Seedlings, $I@l 25:
Lemons. 75c@$i 25 tor commonaudsl 60@2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, 5»@6 60: Califor
nia Limes, $1 60@l 75; Bananas, *l!ii- * buuch;
Pineapples, $2@l V doz.
DBIXO FRUITS, KAISIXS, SITS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
i ait load Lots— Apricots are qaotable at fi©9c
for Royals and HVi:@l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3V a c for the 4 sizes Peaches.
4<f1,5i;45C for prime 10 choice, 6\^@7c for fancy and
9@loc for peeled in boxes; Apples. s(^sJ^3 for
evaporated ami 2@2Vbc for -uii-dned: rears, 2i/ a
4tsc tor prime to choice, 4®sV»c for quarters ana
b(g,6y^c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitied ana lVa°
io.- unpitted: Nectarines, 3 1 2 1 2 C for choice and I
.'.i.jC tor fancy; Wuite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2V4
(J.-J1 |C.
Jobbino Trices— Peaches, 4^@sVic %< Ib:
fancy, 6%®"V?c (? tb; peeled. 12V2^ '$ lb. Apri
cots, 6V2®yc r- lb. !a;icy, 10c; iiutirparks. i'^@
13c; evaporate.! Apples, 5%0; snn-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes, 33 / 4@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, Be for
impressed uu 1 3@3Vic for pressed: white Ikb, 4c;
Plums. 4V2<&sc for pitted and I%C for unpltted:
Nectarines, 4 a 6c %4 It for prime to fancy: Pears.
2i/ij&sc for wnole. 4Vi@5VaC lor quarter* ana |
43 iibi 2 c tor halves.
RAISINS— '
Carload Prices — Four- crown, loose, 88/ 8 c;
three-crown, 43 8 c ft tb; two-crown, 38,' g c ?4 IB:
seedless >iii;a:.in, b\4c; seedless Muscatels, 4S/ c:
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, SI 50:
liehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes. 3c =» Ib.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 534 C; 3-crown, 434 c: 2-crown, 3 3 /ic: seed
less tanas, 53, 4 c; stenless Muscatels, 4 l 'ic;
3-crown London la/era, $1 25; clusters, $1 6J;
Deht-sa clusters, 52 75: imperial clusters, $3 25.
N UTS— Chestnuts quotable a: 8®10c: \Valnuts,
CV^(is7c %i 1L li-r htaudard and ;•£'.» Vjc ¥ lb for
soitshell; Alniocds, 6@t>VsC for Luuicuedoc, H^
3 l , a c tor hardshell andljjjttc r Ib for paper shell;
Peanuts, 4(c.lk; ft Ib for i astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@Bc V lb; Pecan*. 7iA@
fee f» tb; Filberts, 7W4Bc; Brazu Nuts, 7Vi<&«c;
Cocoauuts, «4(gis ?"> 100.
HONEY — Comb. 10(g,12V 3 c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6<jJsi 2 c;
1 :».i.i amber extracted 4\ s ©4:;ic; dark amber,
4@4Vsc: dark. 2te3c '■»* lb.
Bt.fc.SWAX— 22®2sc »i Ib.
PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c tb for heavy, 7o
7- Ib for light medium, <J ' -c for light, 10c ?t tb for
extra light aud HVbc ¥lb lor sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12(a;12V 2 c: California
Hamji, lOfrlOVic: Miss Bet.!, #7(*7 50: extra
mess do, «H<£,B 50: family do, $9 60@10; extra
prime Pork. *7 60 @ 8; extra clear, flu tt obi;
n ess. $14 ft bbl: smoked Beef. 10c 9 lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at t>V 3 c for
compound and 6®6Vic for pure: palls, 7c: Cam
forcia tierces, s@s^c «i tb for compound and 6>4c
for pure: hali-bDls, U 3 ,ic; 10-lb tins, 7 Vie: do, 6-tb,
71/2 C~s lb.
c'ul i ■< >LENE— 6©6Vicln tierces and7*/iOBV^c
in 10-lb tius. •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDE-; AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell lc
VHi under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c:
medium. 7c ft tb: li~ht, 6c Tfr Ib: Cowhides. 6c;
salted Kip. 6c "f lb: salted Calf. 7®Sc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c > it.: culls and
brands, 9<g,loe: dry Kip and Veal,9(fsioc:dry Calf,
15c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20<$35c each: Kids,
sc: Deerskins, good summer. '.'sc "5* &>; medium,
20c: winter, 10c; sheet skins, snearlings, 10@20c
each; short wool. 25(<£35c each; medium, 30@45c
each; long wools, 4U@6oc each.
; a Li.OW— No. 1, r. nderud, 3@3V4C; Na 2, 2V a c;
reilii«d, sc: Grease, 2c >. lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, T<iSy 3 c V- l*>: middle counties, free, 5 1/ 2 ®
7c; do. detective, 4V^@6c: San Joaqain, 3@50; no,
foothill, 6@7c: Eastern Oregon. 7(g>loc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10<$l lc %* ib
]lOPS-63,bc for lair to choice and 9010 c"* &>
for fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, 4^4c: June-
July delivery, 4%c; San Quentln, $4 65; Wool
Bacs, 24Va@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $S %4 ton: New Wellington,
t fe «* ton: Souihtield Wellington, $7 50 3 ton:
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant. *5 60: Coos May. $4 75;
WallsKnd,s6 60; scotch. : Brymbo. ; Cum
berland. $13 60 In bulk and $15 in sacks: Ponn
tyivanla. Anthracite Egg, *llf<il2 %4 ton; Welsh
Anthracite. $8@10: funnel. *8 9 ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. $11@12 in bulk and »13 9 ton In sks.
CANDLES— The >tandr.rd Oil Company's prod
uct is now quoted as follows: Electric Lishts-6's,
16 or, 7c: 14 ox. 6>4c: 12 oz, 6Vac; 10 oz. 43 /4 c.
Granites-6's. 16 oz. Sc: 14 oz, 7c; 120z,6V»c;
10 oz, 6>£c.
SUGAR— Western Susar Rpnning Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, si/cc:
Powdered, oc; Fine Crushed, 6V4c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/»c: Confectioners' A, 4«/sc: Magnolia a,
4c: Extra C, 3y a c: Golden C, S^ic: half barrels
Vie more tbun barrels, »nd boxei Va c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are us follows:
BF.hr— First quality, 6@6Vsic: second, 6@sV»c;
third do, 4@4i/5,c V tb.
VEAL-Uikh, 6@7c; small, 7@Bc ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6®e^c
* lb.
LAMB— Spring 10@l to t* Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, :<@li.4e It Ib for large and
ifl,3i 2 c lor small and medium: dressed do, 40
5c ft lb.
RECEIPT > OF PROUCTCiS.
TOT. 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sits.... 6,108 bran. *ks 2,034
Oregon K6?>o' Hay. tons _ £60
W hru,i. ctls. 61,383 Straw, ions. 10
Oregon . 490 Uuiter cus...._ 160
Eastern 740 Cheese, cils 156
Barley. e15..... . 9,778 ! Kjjk*. 00»..... #- 6,3b0
£cans. slcs 400 1 Hide* no — 13
Corn. ctU , Pelts, bdls 45
Eastern 400 ; Wins, pals „ 8,400
Oats, East., ctls.. • 945 j Leather, rolls 16
Rye, ctls 280 Wool, bis 212
PotPtooj, set.... 1,949; Lime, bbls ...... ' 162
Oregon 1,729 1 Lumber. M fast. 10
Oniocs. «m 5.s Quicksilver, tljxi 166
Oregon, sks 393 Or Feed, 5k5..... 665
Middling*, »m. 1,755
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John J. and Julie Hohrbach to George Braun,
lot on S line of Pine street, 231:3 W of Webster,
W 25 by S 127:0; $10.
Louis ana Jennie l'rledlander to Ellen Cconey,
lot on \V line of Scott street, 100 N of Waller, N
27 by W 11)0 ; $10.
Samuel K. Taylor (by K. I. Whelan, sheriff) to
O. It. (irecnewa'ld, lot on N tine of Folton ?treet,
66 E of Lou, X 25 by X 101), Sheriff's deed
43.082: 6135.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Lizzie Logan, lot
on W line of Tremon: avenue. 1:03:9 If of Fred
erick street, N 25 by W 80:3: «10.
Louts Jiain<>i to i*. Keddy, J. C. Campbell and
W. H. Metsoa, unalvlded half of lot ou.N line of
Klghteentb street, 105 Wof Mission, W 25 by N
88, quitclaim deed: $10.
Same 10 J. C. Buck master, undivided half of
sum- , qulic aim deed: $10.
Jacob 1). Klooz to the lonary Society of the
United Church (Iniorpont ed at Harrlsbuic, Pa.)
lot on X line of Twenty-fourth streal, 82:6 W or
Harrison. W 40 h • .N »5: $2561).
<ifori;e W. de tie»r to Mary d*> Gear, lot on X line
of I ol.inK«-ooJ street, la7:d a of cighteemu, s
24:tf b/ K125; gut. ■
' -Mary Ann Carroll to Oomenl i> GarUaldi. lot on
N E corner of Clay and Stockton streets, X 65 by N
tiS **♦;."> .... * '
Jobn Huston to M. A. isorn. lot on X U:i« of
l'o-.ve.l stieet, 85 s of Geary, S 62:6 by X 77:6;
910. - 4*^iVßßftttliOtaßßßß^MV<
Louts F. Bakar (insolvent), by Henry C.Hyde,
assignee, and William B. Swain, by Thomaa Des
mond (late sheriff), to Paul H. cordes, lot on X
corner oi JLltvcutU aveuue anl G street, si. 160
by NE 100. being lota 9 and 10. block 204. South
San Francisco Homestead and K»llro«d Ass >cla
• ion: also lot on » corner of Twenty-second avenue
and L street. S\V 100 by SE 75. being lot 8, block
436. same. 103: $1500.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Lanthie A.
Luke (wife or Oeorge H.), lot on E line of Ver
mont streer. 100 JS* of Twenty-flfth (Yolo), r« 25.
by E 100; $10.
Solomon and DoraHetztO William Shepard, lot
on X line of Forty-eighth avenue, 275 i\ of X
stre.-'t. N IS by E 120; $10.
Michael or Michael J. Fogarty to Illilan K.
Fo^arty (wife of James), lot 244, Cobb Tract;
g:fu
AI.AMKI'A COUSTY.
Ann M. Snyder (executrix of the estate of An
drew J. Snyder) to Koccellena Drain, all Interest in
lot on s Hue of Fifteenth street, 150 W of Jeffr
son, 8 103:9 by \V 30, block 256, easterly Tract,
Oakland; $1675.
L. K. l»r»is to same, all same; glfu
Kdward and Anna R. White to Manuel and
Maria J. Guido, lot on X corner of East, Fifteen h
street and >evenieenth avenue, sb) 75 by NE 140,
being lota 1. 2 and 3, block 28. San Antonio, .hast
Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry G. Builwinkel with W. Horstmeyer *
Co.. to erect a two-story building on N line of
Twenty-first street. 170 E of Folsom, $2750; H.
Ueilfnss. architect. . „ _
F. G. Hlckhorst with W. H. Btevens and N. D.
Fester, to erect a two-story frame building and
alterations to adjoining building on Kw corner of
Greenwich and Herce streets, *1849; C. A. jsleuss
doriii.-r, archl.ect. ' ' ; : --' ■ '
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining shocks were stronger yesterday, Con.
Cal. and Va. selling up to $2 46, Chollar to $1 and
Bast Belcher to 77c, under Increased activity.
Tlae close was weaker.
The Jackson is pa/ing a dividend of 2c.
ll)Al.l> .».~iS."J.
Following were the sales in the Baa Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
RKOUI.AB MORNING SESSION, rOMUEN'CIN'S 9:80.
100 Alia ...OB|3oo Caled 12,80J Potosl 52
500 Andes .. .141400 V...2.2u1250 Sava«e...4B
800 ii«*8......73 450 C Point. ...33 100 49
300 choir 88 100 32 6USNev....4*
100 97] 60 Mile 46210 Union C... 40
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
600 Bolcner.... > ChalUe. ..SUIIOO 0ph1r...1.05
400 B<fci> 7fc 700 CC\fcV...2.4!>|3oD Fotosl S3
200...... 77 -0J V F01nt....32 100 H NT 46
400 Choir. ..1.00 500 O AC 6! 1 900 * JMX1..32
300 68,^0U Mexcn-...t7
Following were the sale* In the Pacific Stock
£oard yesterday:
REGULAR SESSION—IO:3O
-300 Alnna.....H 160 CC«V2.I7y» 600 Mxon 46
'.'OO Alt* ......08 1700 2.20 iOO 47
200 Andes. ...lSi*so 2.22% .26J 0Dh1r..1.00
200 14J14.0 ....... 2.26650 1.021/3
101) 8e1cn»r....31 -00 2.27^2 '50 l.l»u
bOO 32600 2.:-vt> >00 1.07%
9Uj iiJtß 68 300 .!:*/» uvrmn....l*
600 7C 300 2.4 L i6J Pounl 65
60 J 72 300 2.4* Vi JO > fcaTage....4B
200 74 700 2. 4 1> 1250 49
400 76 10J Confl 11/8 '0° 50
200 7t 000 Con N Y.O* tSOO Scorpion. .o2
1600 77 <50J C Point... .Hi <!OJ bN«v 43
30J Bullion.-. Ut< .00 KxChQr...O4 45
400 Caleda,...l*. 10JU&C 60 200 46
200Ch11nKe...4l 00 51 1200 BHi 11. .-01
200 Ch011ar. ..94 50 H&M 1.17 Vi 15J Sinrd-.-l&k
200 »t .000 Julia o*>2 JO Union.... :< 9
400 ..... 9" 100 Justice. —o6 JOO 42
300 91 .'OO Kentuck..O3 20U Utah. .....Oft
SOU C 1mp..... «'l '00 LWash....o! iOO * Juftt ...31
500 01 100 Mexican ..46 400 32
AFTKKXOOX SESSION— 2:3O.
210 Alnns 11 500CC&V...2.13 200 Oceldtl.... 16
300 Alta o*3oo 2.42V 2 HOD 0ph1r..1.10
801) Andes.. ..l' OHO 2.4( WO 1.t'7 1 ;
300 £elcner...3: ..'OO ■„».,, .HiO 1.05
400 31 1 400 •.'.:« SOU 0vrmn....14
900 <t B 77 50 Conn... .;i .U) Potoal 52
000 7t 400 CrwnPt.. 61
700 7£ «00 UdfcU 5i lU'J tava«e....6o i
100 300 -R41500 49
500 8u1110n....05 400 51000 3Nev. 46
400 Caleda.... l^Bso H<fcN. . .I.'JO 100 btnrd.... 1E/ H
300 CualiKe...so 900 Kenlck....O: 600 Union .43
30) Choir i.oi:y 2 '00 Mexican..47 300 41
400 1.00000 4b 400 Ulan 05
300 9fc 500 Occd 17 600 04
400 CC<feV...2.6Uj3oo _Ib3OU V JC*~...33
400 2.47 W '
ck.oa.LJW QUOTATIONS.
THVKBDAY, Feb. 4 . 4 F. if.
jttii. * >*«!.■ JJUl.Atic*t.
4tph«CVm..... 10 12Jn11a.... .. - 06
All*, 07 Ob Justle*. „ 04 05
Andes. M 14 16 Keninek...._ 02 14
Belcher 30 31 Lady Wash.... 01 »2
Best & Belohar 71 73 Mexican 46 46
KentoaCoa... 17 —'. Nevada Qaeea. — LA
bullion _ U6 06 Occidental..... 15 17
Caledonia. 10 lv Ophlr .....1.00 1,05
Chollar 98 99 Overman-.. ... 12 13
Con.CalAVa,..2 30 2.36 fotosL .. 61 62
Challenge Cox 49 50 bavage. M 49 60
Con. Imperial. 01 U2 scorpion... — 06
Confidence.... 1.05 1.15 seg. Belchac. 07 09
Con Maw Yore — l:- silver 11:11 01 12
Uuwal'oim.. 31 321 sierra Nevada, 43 45
EastSlerraNa/ — standard 1.60 —
iLtireka — "~0 -.vndica^. 02 04
hxcheauet .... — 06 L'nIOUWOU..... 40 41
t>uuld<£ Curry. 52 53 Utah 04 06
Mm*,* Aurcjra.l.ls 1.20 YeUowr J»C**6. 31 32
Jackson ... — . 361
fcAOC**. A>i> BOXU £XCHAN&K,
THUR3OAT. Feb. 4 2r. m.
rNrrxp static* BCNu*
£ IrL A •*•» BUS. AtkixL
CBis conn. 112 — C S4ar©g...ioa llOVs
Do new iMuel23 — |
MI'tCKI.I.ANk.om noVM.
•tCh>fivllOV a — Oak Oaa 55.. - 104
Elec L6s - 131 Do 2d Is 65... 108s; —
CntraCWfts 93 »5 uronibui 1213 iaV!Vi
DpDi-siex-cp — 97*4 P ORy tSs. — 11
kdsn L*£Ptisl29 129 PdtCn By Us. — 103
i (tCIi KR 6*1061^107 ilMvl-s: KR 6) 114 119
litarv-st K&slOO — Beno,WL*ftL — 10
Hi:isiV 3 i.Wi — t-acto V& L. - 100
LosAngl.6l — 100 SFiNPRSs.. 100^,10068
DoGnteed 6s — 101 isPRKArIiSj 81i-a —
Mlit-stCbleGsma-'s — M'KHCalds.li- 1 -
DoKyCon 6s. 106 106 Vil^PKKlalSs. — 300
N«iVid64 Ist — 100 sPBrBCaISs. 97 V* SS
NevC.NgK7s.lo3 105 ISV Water 120 1201 A
NBy Cat Us. 100 — i.-VWater+s. lliOi/ B looV a
KBy cat 6s. - 95 IstktnUAEdi — 101 Va
W4TKR OTOCKV
Contra Costa 34 36 iSprng Valley I 6'i 07^i
MarlnCa... - 0- |
6A9 AND KLKCTKIO tTOCKI
Capital....... - 28 :PaC (as Imp 91 92>4
Central 98Va — Pacific Lieut 45»i 4Hi.j
Ed. sod Llsbt — 127 £an rancjeo — 9VV 8
UecLi<u. 9Vs 38/ siocklou — '-U
Oak G L & U &4 04 ■
INSURANT « BTOCKI.
Flreman'sF<llßo 190 |Son _ _
COMIfKBCiAC. BAN-JC !»Tf)-;K«.
Anslo-CaL... 51 53 I First Nation! 18084186
BankofCal.. — !44-'V 2 l LondooPAA.l J7Val3o
CalbU&TColo7%lUßV 2 !.MerchKx.... 1J —
SAVI.MH HANK STOCK*.
O«rS<tLCo~ — 1460 SavAl.oan.. - 105
HumbHAL.llOa — Sn:utuv......J4l —
Mutual Z6 — Union Trust. B 15 —
at3»v Union — 4UO
ItTRKEr KAII.RO^n 4TOTKI
California.... 106 110 natSUtlU/ — 100
Geary -st — 60 Presidio 4 —
Marlteirst.... 43 idy t
rowiuJii STOCK'!.
Atlantic D... 16 17 iGiant Con..., 30 —
California.... 75 — Vlgorlu 600 80c
KaaternD.. M 80 »7Va
»lIBCRI.I,AN KJIUI BTOCK*.
Alaska Piers. 103VilO4V«i Nat Vln Co.. _ »<i^
Uer Lead Co. 80 100 OceanlcSSCo 25 26V*.
HawCASCa. 17V 8 17^'Pac Aux FA— 4
lluicbsPco 24S, 4 35 iPacßoraxCo. 95 —
McrKzAsao. — 110 |Parf PalnlCo — 7
6ALKB— MOB.M-V'' bujU.i.
Fount—
100 Hntchlnson-S P Co. _ S4 37Va
200 do do 24 60
$2000 Markei-st Ky Con f>X Bond? 104 -.'5
000 SV 8% 80nd5..... 120 25
IAU>-*r[KS.IOOX lIUIII*
jFoorrt —
8 California Railroad „.... 107 50
; lOn Mutual Electric Llgnu 9 62Vi
100 « V Water 97 00
»lUOO S F <fc N P Railway Bonds 100 00
S4OOO do do ■. _ 100 621/ a
!-'r«-«"t—
$5000 Market-st By Con 5* Bonds 106 25
•3000 s V 4% Bonas 100 37^
TMK CALL CALKN'DAK.
MKAMEKS TO AKKIVK.
OCtA-N STKAWbKS.
tl.\, XlkjUS a->-> ml±>£..
United States Coast and Geodktic Bn*viT
Times and Heights of Uioh and Low
Waters at Fo-it Point, Ent*avck to
fcAN- Francisco Bay. Publish by Offi
cial Authority of THK SUPKBINTKNDKNT.
Note— The high and low waters occur ah th«
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about, twenty
five minuei later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the name a- both places.
February— lßU7.
Nnii- In the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence at to time. The second ttma
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column givea the laat tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as aometimej
•ccnrs. The heights given are additions to tna
soundings on the United Stat«s Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la aubtractlv*
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICifi TO MAKI>'ERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographla
Office located in the Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can way be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory »'. Mare Island,
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by th» morning papers the following <lav.
W. a Hughe* .
Lieutenant. U. & N.. in charge*
The Time Ball.
Ebaitcr HTi>*o«»RArHio OrFro* IT. S. !T- ■>
Merchants' Kxcil/utom V
Ban Francisco. February 4. 183 T. )
Thn time ball on Teiegrana Hill was dropDal
exactly at noon to-day— l «.. m noon of the 120& a
mendUu, or exactly it* a c. m., Greenwich Urns.
W. S. Hushes.
I.i»nt<>nani U. S. >.. Indiana.
billl'i'J.^o iMtLLlut.Mi:.
Arrive-!.
THURSDAY. February 4.
Stmr Corona, Doran, vo hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr State of California, Green. 68 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours; pasa ana mdse,
to Goodall, Perktns & Co.
Stmr Umalilla, Hunter. 69 hours from Vic
toria and i ugei sound; pass and mdse, to Goodall,
Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Excelsior. Hlgcins. 10 days from Guay
mas. via Carmen Island 7 days, via San Diego 48
hours; salt, to E L Stearne.
Stmr Gipsy. Leiand. '26 boon from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins A IX*.
StmrNavarro, Dugean, 48 hours from Port Los
Aik'iipj; bailasu to Gray & MitcbeiL
Brship Ollvebank, Petne, 77 days from New
castle, NSW; 4260 tons coal, to Balfour, Guthrle
A Co.
Ship Elwell, Ryder. 13 days from Nanaimo:
2222 ions coal, to John Rosen fold's Sons.
Ship Dashing Wave, M on- home. l'J days from
Tacoma: lumber, to Hanson <fc Co.
Bktn i.betia H, Simonson, lUdays from Tacoma:
800 M ft lumber, to Hanson A Co.
B»tn MonUor, Turloff. 81,2 dasfrnm Eureka:
241 M ft lumber, to DicKins Lumber Co.
Schr Beulab, Johnson, 'JO days from Wiilapa
Harbor: unib«- t to Slmoson Lumoer Co.
Prhr Nokumis, Roos, i2aaysfrom Hilo; sugar,
to J D Spreckels <fe Bros Co.
Schr Nettie jlow. Low. 5 honrs from l'oiu:
Reyes: -»5 bxs butter, to J H Newbauerdt Co.
Scnr Chas X Wilson, Jobnson, I.H days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Wilson Bros &*Co.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, 18 days from
Port Blaite. ey ; lumoer, to Ren:on. Holmes A Co.
V. le»rml
THURSDAY. February 4.
Stmr San Juan. Ankers, San Jose de Guate
mi a: Pacific Mail Steamship Co.
Brship Chrysomene, Hogau, uueenstown; G W
Me Near.
Failed.
THURSDAT. February 4.
Ptmr Noyo. Levinson. Fort Bra;;.
Stair Han Juan. Ankers, ban Jose de Guatemala,
Stnn Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
SblD John O Potter, Meyer, Nannimo.
Whal baric Horatio, West, whaling.
Bchr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Lauding.
fcchr Mary O. Campoeu. Bodega, -
bchr Mary and Ida, Carlson, coil fishing.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOB^B. Feb. 4 10 r. »c-\Veat!i»r
thick; wind 8W; veioci.r 12 mile*.
Charter!
The »X Castle and W G Irwin load mdse for
Hono uln: bark Oakland, lumber and mdse for
Chnmperlco.
The Br ship Grenada Is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 30s tkl.
Spoken.
Jan IS— Lat — Ion? 32 W, Br ship British Yeo
man, from Liverpool for Victoria.
Jan 31— Lat 60 .V lon 7 W, Br ship Durham,
hen.-« Sept 2 for West Hartlepoo'..
Feb 4—7 miles west o. North "Furallons, sealinc
sctir Ka.tler with 85 skins. AH well.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Feb 2— Kr stmr Howick Hall, from
Victoria via Coronel for st Vincent, arrived at
Mon.evtdeo Feb 1 with her machinery oat of
order.
T)oTne«tio Por-i.
TACOMA-Arrlved Feb 4— Brship Drumblalr
from Plsatjua; stmr Lakme, from Eureka.
GREEN WOOD-Salled Feb 4-S:mr Gre-nwood.
for Sa'i Francisco.
Arrived Feb 4— Stmr National City, hence Feo 3.
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 4— Slmr Truckee hnce
Feb 1; simr Alice Blanchsrd, hence Jan 30 via
Eureka.
sailed Feb 4— Nor stmr Florida, for Australia.
ALBlON— Arrived Feo 4-Stmr Weeor. from
Fort Brae?. '
called Feb 4— tmr Weeott, fir San Francisco
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Feb 4-Schr John
D Tallant. hence Jan 31.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 4— Oer bark
Henry Clement, from Santa Rosalia: schr Faanv
Du:ard, from san Diego. *
BOWENSLANDING-PalledFeb 4-Sohr Bar
bara Heruster, for Uueneme.
Sa^a r uci^° " baileU Feb 4 ~ Stnlr 8cotl »- '
PORT LOSANOELF.S-Arrlved Fob 4-Stmr
Alratra.«, from Greenwood
F EUREKA-Arrlved Feb 4-Stmr Farallon. hue
sailed Feb 4-Stmr Farallon. for Yaquina Bar
schrs Klnoiah and Serena Thayer loquln " ""* •
TATOOSII- Passed Feb 4 -Hear Comet, from
btn",^^ aTfor/o'rfrg^^ HI«W«d 14.1...
Feb A PAR ~ A " lVed F b *- Sttnr Caspar, hence
«SS^ lrtFeb 4 ~ 3tr Arena.
mel^lrn^.n A &r *** *-*<*"* MoUnt C "
COOS F b v 4 cUr Halc yo°. fOr San Diego.
PORTGAMBLE-Saiied Feb 3-Bkta Jane L
i-tai.ford, for Melbourne. 4-ooox Okanogan. for
roreijrn Ports. '
lOKOHAMA-Arriwi Feb 4-Br stmr Coptic,
henrp J»n lo v .a Honolulu.
I.YNN— Arrived Jan 31 — Br baric Lodore, from
Buenos Ayres.
CORK- Arrived Feb 3-Br ship Loch Lianhe,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 3— Br ship Eccle
fecnaii, hence -ept 17.
LIMEKICK— Arrived Feb 3— Br ship nance >
benca auk IS.
WATKHKORD-Arrivea Feb 3-Br ship Queen
E fzabeth lien<v s*>pt 5.
DUXOKXESs-HaMM Feb 3— Br ship Helens
burg, hence sept 23 for Ipswich; Br ship Wasdale,
h. ii c s«>pt -.'7 for Londoii. •
QHELSSTOWS- Arrived Feb 3-ltal ship FS
*-iampa. hence Bopi 6; Br baric Kilm»lUe, hence
saiiea Feb S—Br ship Dltton. for Hull; Br ship
Falls of Afton, for Fleetwood.
Movements of Iran*- l tli»nf;io st»-»rn<»-i.
NEW YOKK— Arrived Feb 4-Btmr Majestic,
from Liverpool and Queenaiown; sMnr H H
Meier, from Bremen.
Sailed Feb 4— >.mr Corean, for Glasgow; stmr
Rotlordam. for Rotterdam. ■ -
KAPLEs-Arrl»i*.i ou Feb 4 —^tmr Ems.
BKKMERHaVEN- Arrviei out Feb 4-Stmr
Karlsruhe.
•KOTTERD AM— Arrived out Feb 4-Stmr
Ob him.
GENOA— Sailed Feb 4-3tmr Kaiser WUhelm
11. tor New York.
■-HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 4— Stmc Paula, for
York.
Importation*.
HILO— Per ■cbrXokomis— l4,6ll bags sugar. !
KUKKKA-Fer Coroaa-1 keg 4- bza butter, 10
ska potatoes, 26 ska peas. 69 empties, X cs shoes, 1
pkg barometers, 600 11 shingle*. 1 Dx personal
effects, 1 bx groceries. 6 M ft lumber. Ici drugs,
8 pkus express, -i pkgs coin.
From JS II and E It K-f> bzs 6hf-hxs fish, 1 bx
castings, 1 pkg household goods, 9 empties. 1 Keg
44 ma butter, I pug. « backs, •£ colls corks, 3 coils
L lines, 'I pkgi ludse, 66 Iks pota:oes. 1 bale dry
goods, 110 ins tipples.
POKTI AN L>- P-r State of California— 4« keg«
butter, 871 ska wheat, 1 350 qr-sk« 1350 gunnies
1375 >if-aka flour, -70 aks oats. i7fc9 aks potatoes,
99 «ks bonenieal. 3'J'i sks onions. 2j28 cs salmon,
&00 l.d.i jute. 4430 mats 51 oks sulphur, 41 bdls
hoops. 1 9 7!* bdls paper.
Astoria— so ska oysters. 150 cs salmon. 21)10
bdls snooks, 3 pkgi express.
TACOMA- Per UmatilU— 3B bdls hides, X box
irlasrj, 2 bdU pells, 1 sk tali*. 1 cs crockery, 1 bx
card machi ies. 64 pkgg household good), 800 bars
bullion. xi'j^ks wheat.
VI. torla-y5 bJI » hides, 21 Mis pelts, 1 sic tails
4 pleas household gooas, i twJl irons 1 bdl boards,
3 cs 'lotning. 'i plcks express. 9 ska wool.
.Departure Bay— 7"o tons coaL
Tacontu, west Of t'urjio — 1608 ska flour, 2 caj»a
patterns, i < 8 clotbine. 1 ca glassware.
Tacrima; east oi t'iUt.o-2 bis photo goods. 2 e«
hosiery.
Kverett— 3S3 roils 382 bdla 69 ci paper 530
bdls shooka, 488 kegs nails, 700 bars bullion' •
bik- wheel. ' '
Aim cor <-s-H192 ska oats, 1000 bbls lime 27»
sks codfish skins.
New Whatcom— l6 pkgs household goods, 1 boi
fruit.
East via C P Ry— 35 cs smoking tobacco, 6Obo!«
glucose, 4&8 hdU paper.
Foreign— l bx household goods, 1 cs books.
Seattle— 'i. bbls wine. 3 bxs patterns. 1 bx piano
200 cs salmon, 1 bbl vtn»*ar 4 *im turnips, 1 crt
peanut roaster. 39 pkga household good*. 3 bales
Dsklos, 2 bxs polish, 277 bui» uiaes, G ptjrs ex
press.
G N Ky via Seattle— 77o sks flour, 3 cs rubber
goods.
Port Tnwnsend— 33 pkgs household goods. 2 cs
glass. 2 pkgs express. 2 sks sulpiiurate.
iIOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l bx butter 2
cse^ss. '
Monterey— l bbl blue-stone. 1 bx tobacco.
Santa Cruz— l 6cs cheese, 500 bbls lime.
Ptceon Point— 6l sks potatoes. 35 drums 78 bxs
cheese. " ua
Conftigrne«t<i.
Per schr Nokomls-J D Spreckels & Eros Co-
Williams. Dlmond A Co. »«orosLo,
Per Brigham, HoppeA Co: Arctic on
Works: Dodee. Swwne/ .t Co: Dairymen's Union •
Higgins & Collins: Redlngton <ft Co; C uoscber-
Standard oil Co: Smith's Cash Store: A Paladin,'
Wells. Fargo Co; American Union Fish Co- li
Tweedi?: J B Ingu?lla: Baker <t Hamilton: (i H
Young; FBHalght: Hllmer. Bredhoffds Schul?-
Getr Bros <fc Co: Hills Bros: Norton. Teller 4 Co"
Kuss. (Sanders Co; Ross& Hewlett; ITrapinl'
W heaton, Breon A Co; Wltzel & Baker; G Bea'l
&to. McDonough A Runyon: Demin?- Palmer
Milling Co; Marshall, Teggart &Co ; Taylor A Co:
McKay A Co: Western Carbolic Acid Co: EM
Heck-man A Co: A K»ber: G Cuncatto; New York
Mfg Co: Holt Bros: L Llberti.
Per State of California-Allen A Lewis- orderj
C J Leisr, A Co; Otis, McAlllsterACo: Ar>« m tth:
Anspacher Bros: Jonn F English: M E A Wagner;
McDonou;;h<t Hunyon: Wolf A son: F Rossi;
Jfcverdinp&Co; D E Allison A Co : Hanlett A
Bailey: X R Stevens A Co: Fogarty A Parker: E C
%v ara : Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; 8 F sulphur
Co: Darbee A Immel: Wells, Fargo A Co; Sheldon
bulling Co; Crown Paper Co; cia<.sop Mill Co: Mur
ray & o.
Per UmalUa— Oregon Imo Co; C Carpy A Co: A
D Christiansen: Eberhard T A Co; H Ashman: Q
Sanguinetti; Geo Heckson; Monarch Card Co- H
W Hii;gins; Tacoma Grain Co; Milling Co-
Selby Smeltln? and Lead Co; C J Lei.«- A Co: J B
Andrews: F Hilleng A Co: 8 stnvater; Buttericlc
Pub Co: Italian- Swiss Colony; Lous Meyerstein
A to; Blake, Moffit' A Towne; WCi Richardson ;
Dunham, Carrigan A Co: Northern Luoioer Co: It
Huusaker: While Sewintr-macnlne Co: H Du;ard
Moore, Ferguson A Co : Tacoma A Koche Harbor
Lime Co; Brlcham. HoDDe A Co; A L Black: A L
Stewart; American Tobacco Co: FChev.iiier A Co;
I'ac roast Sy.-up Co: S F weeKs: F W Ship.nan;
A Repsold A Co; Butterick Pattern Co. Charles
Bach; C E Whitney Co ; Kohler A Chase: Louis
Saronl A Co: Ua^lett A Bailey: LJ Kvans: Th«
Osobright Co; WBSumnerACo: T Pollard; a
Grau; Wells. Fargo A Co ; Boyal Mlllin- Co; E C
Daily; V E Holenan; A Bergman; Alfred Ropp ■
H Waldeck A Co; D B Christie; L Los3man:W
Marvin.
P'ruip^r— Baker A Hamilton: Cat Bottling Co;
Jones A Co: standard Oil Co: Dairymen's Union;
Herman Joost; Goldberg, Bowen A Co; M S >irnas:
Norton, Teller A Co: HCowellACo: C B Green:
Brlgham. Hoppe <R Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: W
1 lull A Co; Braver A Grasihoff; Mlgliavacca
Wine Co. •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PaVHAJBIJI The M.S. monowai
TSaJHsj?ai|] Fails via HONOLULU
•Si""*'* and AUCKLAND for
M™ . >■ SYDNEY, Friday,
fjj/ I • > February 6, at 2p. it
iSlrMmSnin--) &"• Australia for
GJiUJllljlliy 1 -' HONOLULU only,
• (SfllßTlPU* Tuesday, February 23.
Vwlllf/UlCq' at ap. it Special party
rates.
LInetoCOOLGABDIE, Ausu.and CAPETOWN
Booth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO- Agents.
114 Montgomery streau
Freight Office, 327 Market st_ San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST^TEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Jbf"^
wharf, San Francisco, us follow*: fntvT
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juoeau, Kll-
Ilsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 23.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte* and
New Wbatcom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.). 9a. ic
Feb. 4, 10. IS, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
JR., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I'.ureka. Arena and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. it., Feb. 1, 6,9, 13,
17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayaco*.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East Sao
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
felps. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. .Mazatlan. La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 111
a. ii. 25th of each month.
l he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,"
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & ft!. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
JPOR.TL -AJN" X>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it.
TT A "DT? fSI2 First-class 1 Including
X -fllVlMstf Second-class /berth 4 meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: >;;'i ;
Columbia Jan. 3, Feb. 2, 12, 22
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17.27
Through tickets and through baggage to all .
Eastern points. Rales and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent
680 Market street. .
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Superintendent*
COJIPAGIUEGESERAL TBIISATLIITIQUI
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW). 42 NORTH >wb
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by rWJfIC
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat, jS ew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
lirst class 60. second class $116.
LA NORMAN DIE Feb. 13, 9 .«_ *.
LA BOURGOG.NE Feb. 20,. 5 a. m.
l! cham°p°a g gne;:::::::: Feb. 27,8:30 a. u.
tliiA-ii'OUXK March 6. sa. st
£t BKETAGNF;..;... March 18, 8 a.m.;
«a~ tot further particulars apply to *.".*£
~ A. FORGET, Agent.
So, 3. Bowling Green, New York,
j F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
ave n ue. San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LISL
United States and Royal Mall Steamsrs
BXTWiCIK •
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool
SAILINO J^VKttx HjSKK.
CABIN, f5O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jfTgS-
inn to steamer and accommodations aflnHß
fleeted: second cabin, $42 50 and*!/ 50: Majejuo
ami Teutonic. Steeraga Tickets from England, ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden. Norway and D*"™*?*
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing daces and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, orat th«
General office of the Company, 613 Market »tre«%
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington SU
At 6 P. 81. Daily. Freight received up
a^» Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■»• Accommodations Reserved oy Telephoce.
•1 he onlviin« selling through tickets and glvlag
through freight rates to all poln.s oa \ alley
Btlbo*!. bTKAMEK , : .
t r- wnikor J. D. Peters.
Mary Oarratt. ' ! ™tj of Stockton.
Telephone Main 806- Cat. >av- »cd Impu Co
FOX VALLEJO AID U. 8. JAYY-YARDI
STtAMKK "3IONTICELLO."
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. ic.
haturdays ......"10:30 a.m.. 4 p. '*.
Sundays 8 p. tt.
Landing Mission-street Doclc. Pier A
Telephone Black 2ttl.
•Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy- Yard.
- — ■ : ~ ~ — i
FOR SA.UOSE. LOS GATOS& SASTACRCZ
STEAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIER i Mov
k5 day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alviso
Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p. k7* Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco anil
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose. 75c. «a» ml. IWJL
'i\i % baata Clara U-, awj Jo** "*" "•**SWEARS BY HIS
UNCLE'S BLOOD
Assessor Dalton and Mr.
Pelouze Do Not Extend
the Glad Hand.
The Ex-Supervisor Believes He
Was Deserted in His
Hour of Need.
Dalton Brings Pro<f That His Journey
Last October Saved a
Life.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 4- f
The color of a man's blood, which has
been determined by scientific research,
is playing an important part just now in
one of the prettiest though most bitter
fignts that has taken place in Alameda
Oqunty politics for many years.
Word was received from Sacramento to
day that W. S. Pelouze, ex-Supervisor
from West Oakland, was at the halls of
leglslat on doing all in his power to se-L
cure a reduction of the salary of his late
Assessor Dalton and Mr. Pelouze Are Friends No More, The Assessor Is Proving by His Uncle's
Blood That He Did His Duty, and the ex-Supervisor Is "Working at Sacramento to
Decrease His Late Friend's Salary.
warm friend and political supporter, As- t
sesSor Henry Dalton. For many years Mr. i
Pelouze sat in the Board of Supervisors,
arid mi hen Henry Dalton blush* d into
fame about Jour years ago in local politics j
he was really introduced to the giddy j
whirl of politicians by air. Pelouze.
The friendship deepened as it lasted, i
and last October, when Pelouze was pre- I
paring to succeed himself ac Suj>ervisor, j
Henry Dalton promised to give him all j
the aid in his power, and no doubt in
tended to do so. This was in a measure
due to Pelouze, who had deserted his old
camp two years previously to indorse the j
new regime that was inaugurated when
Dalton entered the County Assessor's I
office. Whenever an assessment came up j
before the Supervisors Pelouze's "aye"
■was-always heard in favor of sustaining
Dalton's figures.
All would have gone smoothly had not I
severe sickness come into Dalton's .amiiy I
fibput a month prior to the election. In
Ootober Dalton received a telegram re
quiring his immediate attendance at the
bedside of a dying uncle. While he was
away the election was held nnd Pelouze
wps relegated to the large army of unsuc
cek :'ul candidates.
« was a great surprise to me," said
jjftsessor Dalton to-day, "to learn that
Pelouze was opposing me, and his opposi
tion ia quite undeserved. I showed him
the telegram before I left, and while I was
away my father left his work for two
weeks and worted for Mr. Pelouze and the
result of his labors was shown in the fact
that in thp First Ward Mr. Polouze polled
50 per cent more votes than any other
candidate."
Now the fun has commenced and Mr.
Dalton is earnestly explaining that his
duty to a member of his family is superior
t.o "a political obligation. Mr. Dalton's
actions on behalf of his sick uncle saved
that gentleman's life and in this connec
tion Dr. E. H. Woolsey, a stanch Demo
crat, innocently figures in a keen Republi
can battle. Mr. Daltou brought his uncle
to Oakland and placed him in the care of
Dr. Woolsey. When he came here a scien
tific examination of his blood was made,
when it was discovered that it was so
much like water that it only contained 85
per cent oi its normal coloring.
Bo assiduous was Mr. Dalton to his uncle,
and so conscientious was the genial doc
tor, that at a recent examination of the i
uncle's blood it was found to be so near i
the rich, natural color that it contained 63
per cent of its normal redness. In a little !
■svhiie Mr. Dalton claims that pure car- !
mine.nuici will couise through his uncle's i
reins, ana that he will be a strong man, i
whereas but for Nephew Henry's prompt
actions he might have been an angel.
Kow, these facts would be humorous
were it not that they are serious matters,
ar*i Assessor Dalton Is showing his friend
Pi- V. oolsey's scientific figures in support
o-'r " claim that blood even two-thirds
bhft of par it thioker than water— even
political water. In the meantime Mr.
Pelouze is trying to induce the Legislature
to ccatt t about $«000 per year off his late
friend's salary, and everybody is wonder
ing what will happen before the curtain is
rung down.
MT. Pelouz*, long accustomed to office,
is rather anxious to be elected Council
man from the First Ward. He does not
say so, but it is reported that his friends
are pressing him into the fight, and this
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
in Oakland means the same thing. Ap
parently the City Repub'ican Committee
is rather in favor of Mr. Pelouze's a-pira
tion, for last night they declined to till
the vacancy on their municipal ticket
from the First Ward, although in receipt
of the resignation of the regular candi
date, Charles Henderson. Under tue cir
cumstances it would not be surprising if
Mr. Pelouze should be elected, although
he cannot at this time expect much sup
port from the County Assessor.
DAUGHTERS WILL RESIST.
William Hnlcorab's Children Will Op
pose the Claims of Sophia Mc-
Farland for Service*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— The two
daughters of the late Wiliiam Holcomb
intend to resist to the bitter end the
alleged ciaini of Sophia McFarland lor
nur<inc their .atlier from November, 1870,
to November, IS'Jj.
M irb Lydia Holcomb says that there is
not a particle of foundation for the claim.
"When our mother died we were quite
young, and so long as we can remember
Sophia has been our housekeeper. Of
course, she was a good deal like a mother
to us, bui we always looked upon her
after we grew up as our housekeeper, and
1 think we shall have no difficulty in
proving that she received her salary every
month. Her complaint, 1 believe, asks for
$7500 due for nursing, boarding, lodging,
counseling, advising and taking care of
my father for tw»nty-five years. It is all
nonsense. Sophia did rnaso an excellent
housekeeper, and father pot a great deal
of confidence in her, but if she has done
all this, is it not just exactly what she was
kept in our house for?"
One of the most intimate friends of the
family stated last night that the matter is
easily explained. During the lifetime of
Mr. Holcomb, Sophia McFarland was
really the ruling spirit of the house, but
after his death the two daughters, who
are the executrices, concluded that they
were nble to manage affairs themselves, so
they discharged Sophia, took other apart
ments and rented their hou>e. The old
servant, feeling herself agsrieved, and no",
being remembered in the will, then
brought suit.
Mr. Holcomb was president of the San
Francisco Produce Exchange and one of
the most generous men in Oatland.
FAIR'S OIL-LAMPS TO GO
Th:y Have Been at the Narrow*
Gauge Mo:e Nearly a
Generation.
The Southern Pac.fic May Patronize
Alameda's Municipal Electric-
Light PlaDt
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— At last there
is some likelihood that the dim coal-oil
lamps that were plnced in the narrow
gauge depot by James G. Fair when he
built the narrow-gauge road, nearly a gen
eration ago, will be coon supplanted by
electric light.
For many years the thousands of people
who used trie narrow-gauge system have
been complaining of tlie dark, dismal ac
commodation at the pier. On windy
nights one half of the lights would be
blown out, and passengers coming from
the ferry-boats to the train easily imagined
they were in a dungeon.
This is soon to end. H. P. Foster, as
sistant manager of the Pacific system of
the Southern Pacific Company, has writ
ten to City Clerk Lamborn of Alnmeda,
asking for the lowest possible hgure for
which tne city will light the Alameda
mole. This application is regarded with
milch satisfaction by Aiamedans, as they
have recently completed the installation
of a municipal electric light plant of great
power, and are naturally anxious to ob
tain all trie business possible.
They are more than pleased at the pros
pect that their mole wiil be lighted and at
the same time that the city will derive a
benefit from the improvements in a finan
cial way as well as by an increase of com
fort.
The city of Alameda has made the fol
lowing offer: For ten arcs, 2000 candle
power each, $120 per month; for three
arcs and 25 candiepower incandescent,
$120; for 100 incandescents, 25 candle
power, $120; for the first cost of wirinu to
the mole, $450. It is stated that these fig
ures are lower than could be supplied by
any private company.
Another Liberty Tree.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— Detective
Shorey has a small tree which grew from
a walnut that was found on Washington's
grave. He has presented the tree to the
senior class of the high school, and they
will plant it with some ceremonies on
Washington's birthday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, ISO 7.
A BRIDE SEEKS DEATH
Only Three Months Ago
She Was Married at
Los Gatos.
Without Warning Sha Drank
the Contents of a Vial
of Acid.
A' though Medical Aid Was Promp*,
It Is Not Uniikely That Sha
May Die.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 4.— Mrs. Fred
erick Kleupfer, a bride of only tbree
months, took an ounce and a half of car
bolic acid this morning. Her excruciat
ing cries attracted the attention of ber
sister-in-law, Mrs. William Tulley, who
was in an adjoining room, and she was
also heard by several pedestrians on the
streets. Dr. Sanders was at once sum
moned and applied the proper antidotes.
This morning Mrs. Tulley and Mrs.
Kleupfer took a walk upon Fark street for
the latter's benefit. At Riley's drugstore
Mrs. Kleupfcr bought a vial of carbolic
acid and the two returned to the latter s
rooms, 1513 Park street.
While Mrs. Tulley was busying herself
in an adjoining room the bride swallowed
; the entire contents of the vial. Her
screams as the violent pangs of the bnrn
ing acid began its deadly work, brought
her aid.
Dr. Sanders pronounces her case a most
; dangerous one and while he prevented
I immediate death it may be that the acid
I will yet prove fatal. Her critical condi
tion made it impossible for her to make a
statement and the relatives refuse to say
anything in her behalf. Her husband is
expected home to-night.
Yesterday Mr. Kleupfcr was summoned
I to Stockton by his uncle, Charles Kleupfer,
who was arrested for the killing of Charles
R. Dodge and Alexander Borland at New
I Hope, Stanislaus Conntv, Tuesday. He
is unaware of this last affliction.
He and Miss McCoy were married in Los
Gatos only three months ago.
Another Mmlcftl Organization.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 4. -The Ala
meda Operatic and Dramatic Society is
the latest musical venture. The society is
rehearsing for a production ot the comic
opera, "The Sorcerer," riurine the latter
part of next month. The officers of the
society are: K. Frank Clark, president;
Dr. E. H. Bertaud, vice-president; Pro
j fesjor H- nri Fairweather, director; Mrs.
Henri Fairweather, stage manager; E. T.
M. Eckert, secretary and treasurer; Miss
| E. Westgato, accompanist. The advisory
i board consists of the above-named officers
and Mrs. Nellie Lewis, Miss Belle Mo
Currie, Miss Josephine Patterson, I. P.
Allen.
Opening of Army Headquarters,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 4.— The Salva
tion Army have leased a portion of Park
row for three years as headquarters. All
of the partitions downstairs are being
iemoved. The upper portion will be
used as living-rooms of the local corps.
Next Saturday evening, at Linderman's
Opera-house, the first meeting in honor
of the event will be held, and wiil be fol
lowed on Sunday with a "big co." Briga
dier Keppel and wife, Majors Wincnell
and Mclntyre and wives, Editor Milsaps
and Ensigns Day, Barker. Thomp
son and Danner and Captains Wise and
Bryant will be present and take part.
OAKLAND BEFORE INDIA.
Mayor I>»Tle Will Not Comply With
Muycir Phelan's Requeit.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 4.— Mayor Davie
decided to-day not to comply with the
request of Mayor Phelan to help send
assistance of food and money to the
sufferers in India. Instead, he is devoting
his efforts to alleviating the suffering and
want in this city. Said he to-day:
I do not propose to ask the peoplo of Oakland
to geml moDuy away from home when there
is distress on every hand at home. We cannot
afford to send away a dollar.
1 have made arrangements with local real
estate men to secure several tracts of land at
very reasonable rati*, which will be tilled as
soon as the present stormy weather has tub
sided, und I think by March 1 we can tmve a
number of acres of land in first-class condition
I Mv« had many < flora of assistance in my
eeheme from mnny citizens of Oakland, and I
know that more offers will come. The assibi-
anee will be used in buying seed for the land.
The expenses not raised by donations of lib
eral citizeas will come out of the urgent ne
cessity fund.
Tills is simply tne beginning. Next year,
whoever is Mayor, will be able to do a great
deal more. More land ran be put in, a greater
number of people tan bo employed, more
products can be raised and the profits will be
greater.
The idea is to enable those interested to ele
vatn our ( \v:i people Mid PUt them ona plnn
above want. Tbere nre between sixty and
■event; prisoners in jail, ni.d tneir labor could
be used 10 prcni advantage. One acre of land
can support lome famiiv, and la some in
stances tiilf tin ten wou:d sufliue.
DUGAN MAKES COMPLAINT.
He Objects to the Suggestions of a
Berkeley Kditor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— Daniel Dugan
has sued the Uazettv Publishing Company
of Berkeley for $50,C00 for alleged criminal
libel. Dugan's cornpiaint refers to an
article two weeks ago under the headline,
"Was Ha M ordered T" One paragraph of
the alleged li-jel contains •sough matter
for six dime novels. It is ai follows:
A strange case of disappearance, pregnant
with dark suggestions of a secret tragedy, is
that of Thomas P. Koark oi West Berkeley, for
whom a wife auU .six children have been
watching and waiting since September 23.
Roark was employed as a carpenter by D.
Dugan, wtio keeps h resort on Rose street, near
the main line railway track. It is a lonely
piece and the brooding wife or widow has
almost concluded that if the walls could speak
they would be able ta tell the fate of the lost
man.
On account of the presumption that he
might have killed and done away with
Thomas Roark, Mr. Dugan says he has
been damaged in tne amount named.
Asked Puckott to Free Her.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— Stewart A.
Puckeit, whose troubles with a brother
Odd Feliow who stole the affections o! his
wife were recently heard be;ore Fountain
Lodge, will sue for a uivorce. He has re
ceived the following letter irom his wife:
Mr. Puckett: When 1 left you yesterday I
promised to see you once more, but 1 Had no
intention of ever beeing you again. 1 have
fully made up my mind that I shall never live
with you again under any consideration or see
you. The only iavor I a*.k of you Is to grant
me my freedom. As you know tnat we are not
suited to one another, it is best for you to go
your way and I miue. I will expect an answer
to this note as soon as possible by letter ouly.
Address Mks. Madeline Puckett,
North Te mescal P. O.
Two Viewi of Salary-Cutting.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 4. — Assessor
Dalton and Sheriff White take differ
ent views of the matter of having their
salaries cat. Mr. Dalton says that if his
salary is fixed at a certain figure
there will be no limit to the amount of
deputies that an Assessor might employ,
and that the cost to the county would con
sequently be a great deal higher than it is
at present.
Sheriff White says: "I really have noth
ine to tay in regard to this question; the
Legislature can reduce my salary if it
wants to. Officials are the servants of the
people and if they decide we are petting
too much they have only to say so."
Annexationlats Organize.
OAKLAND, Cal , Feb. 4.— A meeting
was held last night at the City Hall to or
ganize permanently for tie purpose of
bringing about the annexation of all out
lying districts and forming Greater Oak
land. C. A. Bon was made permanent
chairman, Q. W. Nai;>mitb. secretary and
C. Chichester treasurer. A committee of
two will be appointed by thechair, from
each of the districts, to take steps to Dring
the matter definitely before those inter
ested.
Mayor Davie, Auditor Snow and City
Engineer Wilson made speeches favoring
the project.
Stnrr'x Kstate Distributed.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 4.— The estate of
the late A. D. Starr was ordered to be dis
tributed to-day by Judge Ogden, Tho re
port of the executors, charies K. Johnson
and Joseph Hutchinson, shows that all
bills against the estate have been paid,
and that $29,701 in cash remains in their
hands. There is also some land in V»l
--lejo valued at $150. The widow receives
one-half the property and the balance is
divided into several small legacies.
At the Mucdonougk,
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— "The Prodi
gal Father" will be given by a thor
oughly competent company at the Mac
'loiioiiiih next Monday and Tuesday.
Glen MacDonougu's play is full of rattling
good specialties. Old worn-out theater
goer?, who have almost forgotten how to
laugh, have their risibilities stirred so
keenly as to burst at times into a loud
u-uftaw. This funny comedy will undoubt
edly draw crowded houses during their
engagement in this city.
Should Not Have Been Arrested.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4— Mike Catu
sich, who was arrested the other evening,
und of whom it was stated that he bat
tered his late partners-w ife, was released
in the Police Court, us no complaint was
filed against him. Mr. Catusich declares
that his arrest was a mistake, and that he
had no quarrel whatever with the lady in
:he house. He is a respected member of
the Knights of Pythias, ana all his friends
declare his arrest to be an outrage.
A High liiii'lf r Sentenced.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— Ah Sam, who
assaulted Ah Tim in Alameda last Sep
tember, was found guilty by a jury to-day.
He waived time and was sentenced to ten
years at Ban Quentin. In passing sen
tence Judge Ogden remarbed that he be
lieved the verdict was a just one, and that
the defendant belonged to the highbinder
and not to the industrial clasa of China
men.
Filed Its Ticket.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 4.— The City
Central Republican Committee filed its
certificate of nomination with the City
Clerk to-day. The auditing committee re
quired by the purity of election law is
composed of the following: Charles C.
Waggoner, E. H. Lake, George S. Mere
dith, M. D. Merritt and U. P. Carleton
EPIDEMIC OF MEASLES.
Twenty Cases at the Institution for the
Dumb and Blind.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 4.— Measles is
epidemic at tbc State Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind. There are now
about twenty cases at the institution, and
if the disease spreads it may be necessary
to close the school. One of the halls has
been set apnrt as a temporary hospital,
and extra nurses have been secured to
care for the sick. A bill is now before the
State Legislature to provide for a hospital
building.
Farmers' Institutes.
BERKELEY, Cax., Feb. 4. — The
farmers in attendance at the institute just
held at Gait passed resolutions, addressed
to the regents of the university, declaring
that the iarmers' institutes are ot great
benefit to the agriculturists of the State,
and asking that such institutes be made a
permanent part of the university's work.
Music Content.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 4 -An inter
collegiate music content is the latest thing
in university circles. The Glee, Mandolin
and Banjo clubs of Stanford have sug
gested that n big combination concert oe
arranged with them and the three similar
organizations at Berkeley. The musicians
of i be State University have expressed ap
proval of the pl'in, and such an event will
probably be arranged in toe near future.
Excursion of Students.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 4.— Efforts are
being made to arrange for an excursion of
students to Stanford on February 12 to
hear the Carnot debate. It is expected
tnat the railroad will reduce its rates if a
large enough party is made up.
I'riclgf Company Sa«d.
Jsaac O'Dell began suit in the United States
District Court yesterday against the California
Bridge and Construction Company to recover
$55, which he claims is due as a balance on
bis wages while fervii'.K as assistant engineer
on tee steam scuooner Celia.
HALF A THOUSAND
CASES REPORTED
Interesting Features in the
Annual Report of the
Children's Society.
>
Alameda County Must Be More
Generous If the Work Is
to Continue.
Most of the Funds Us^d Are Supplied
by the Parent Society Acos>
tie Bay.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, feb. 4. f
The annual report of the Alameda
County branch of the California Society of
Prevention of Cruelty to Children was
filed with the parent office to-day. Al
though it appears to be a mass of details
and figures there are several very impor
tant features connected with it.
In the first place, it is surprising to find
that tho county of Alameda contributes
less than two-fifths of tbe amount ex
pended, the balance coming from the head
office. This, it is thought, is a state of
affairs that ought not to exist, and will no
doubt be news to those who support the
society in this county.
It was partly this dependence on San
Francisco that caused a little rapture
some time ago between Charles P. Welch,
MRS. LYDIA A. PRESCOTT.
the secretary, and Mrs. Lydia Prescott,
the general superintendent for this county,
and which ended in increasing the scope
of Mrs. Prescott's jurisdiction.
The report shows that the welfare of 501
children was involved in last year's work,
and of this number more than one a day
was actually cared for. In addition to
t hi", 108 cases were investigated, 40 ca«es
were prosecuted and a vast number were
turned over to the various officials and
fraternal societies. The entire expense
was a little less than $50 a month, and the
figure includes rent, telephone, transporta
tion of children, and other small expendi
tures. Tiie total amount expended has
been, $574 90. Of this amount $150 has
been received from dues of members, $50
from the Oakland Exposition and the re
maining $374 90 from San Francisco.
The work has now approached a point
at which it is necessary to decide whether
it shall be continued or not. There i-< no
doubt that the county wants the work
supported, but as the labor of carrying it
on devolves on the local agent, Mrs. Pres
cott, it is very evident that she cannot at
tend to the duties of the work and also
look after the obtaining of subscriptions
trom members.
The report suggests that a systematic
effort be made to place the matter before
the public, as that is all that is necessary
to secure the needed support. During the
past year many notable cases bare been
attended to and maiiv little ones rescued
from ill treatment or worse, and the close
of the year was marked with a great in
crease in the number of applications for
help. The list of children placed in insti
tutions is but one branch of the work, but
it shows how varied and of how great a
scope ia the work accomplished by Mrs.
Prescott. During the year the following
number of children have been placed in
the institutions named:
Bt. Joseph's Youtha' Directory 14, Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society l,Bolvatlon Army Home
(San Francisco) 4, Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum 2, St. Joseph's Infant Asylum 2, Pres
byterian Orphan Asylum (San Ka(ael) 9, Shel
tering Home (Oakland) 34, Magdalen Asylum
2, Boys' Training School 2, hospitals (Fablola
2, Dr. Taylor 2) 4. industrial fChools 15, Girls'
Union (Beulah Rescue Home) 4, Girls' Direc
tory 5, orphanage (Beulah) 11, Ladles' Keliof
Society (Oakland) 14, Bishop A rmitage Church
Orphanage 2, West Oakland Home 14, Girls'
Training School 2.
Judge Gr9ene from the Superior bench,
Judge Wood from the Police Court, Dis
trict Attorney Snook and Prosecuting At
torney Melville have all had ample op
portunity to carefully observe the work of
the society, and there are on record many
of their testimonies to the value of the
labors of Mra. Prescott.
THE STORY 01 THE MATKA.
Professor Jordan Lectures Before the
Geographical Society of California.
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of the Stanford University, delivered a
lecture entitled "The Story of the Matka"
before the Geographical Society of Califor
nia in Golden Gate Hall Wednesday even
ing.
The story of the matka, as told to Pro
fessor Jordan by a native woman in the
icy regions ol the north, is a pretty legend
of seal life, full of barDarous supersti
tions, and credits the fur-bearing animal
with almost understanding. Aiong the
threads of the legend are carried the un
learned savage?' belief of the origin of the
seal, it* life and the subsequent trouble
when its skin came to be considered an
article of value in civilized countries.
At the conclusion of the legend a num
ber of stereopticon views showing the fur
seal and its living grounds were thrown
up n a canvas on the stage and explained
by Prolessor Jordan.
The most Interesting views were those
of lue ujjuiinj; males' battlefields, coy
Auction Ssdcs
CfIAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIOIEERS.
bait-Brooms— 1 i:;.-> Market Slra.i;.
THIS DAY.
Friday... .February 5. 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. it.', at Salesrooms.
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th ami nth,
■'.... WK WILL KKI.L
AN ELEGANT LINE Olr FURNITURE,
■ Carpets, Stoves. Ranges.
Also fixtures of Butcher-shop; 1 spring Waeon.
CHAM. I.KVY A CO.. Auctlone«rv
ered with the bodies of hundreds of seal
i.u|..s that had- been trampled to death
during a neac d combat between the more
aged animals.
Professor Jordan explained that the
wholesale killing of these vicious males
during the past few years by fur-hunters
had proved a blessing in disguise. Tho
males in their battles inevitably kill
large numbers of pups, and their jealous
ra^e frequently prevents the increase of
the herds.
OLYMPIC ENTERTAINMENT
How Members Will Be Amused During
the Months of February and
March.
The Olympic Club directors met last
evening and decided upon giving the fol
lowing programme of entertainments for
the pleasure of its members: On theeven
ing of the 17th inst., which will be ladies'
night, a grand series of atnletic feats will
follow a burlesque by club members on
"The MiKado." On the 26th the cham
pionship handball tournament will com
mence.
It was intended to hold a series of box
ing contests on the evening of March 17,
but as many of trie members of the club
propose to witness the Corbett and Fitz
siminons light on that day the Olympic
contests will doubtless be poatponed to
some future date.
George Newball, the club's president, is
now figuring upon encaging a special
Pullman car, in which club members will
journey to the battle ground in royal
style.
A bowling tournament will commence
on the evening of March 21.
The ciub has made special arrangements
with P. Waverly Shipman of Toronto,
Canada, by which the famous Misses
Webling of London, England, will ap
pear at the club in their specialties.
The gymnasium of tbe club will be ar
ranged in such a manner as to accommo
date n large gathering of people on the
evening of >iarch 2, whon tbe Misses
Weblings will perform.
MOD JESKA PLAYS SCRIBE
The Polish Actress Revives the
P.ay That First Won
Her Fame.
A "Standing Room Only " Sign Shows
How Her Work Is Appre
ciated-
All through the Modjeska season the
public has shown itself quick to respond
to those roles in which the star especially
shines, and last night the one and only
performance of "Adrienne Lecouvrear"
brought out a "standing-room only"
house.
Modjeska's impersonation of the un
happy French actress was always consiJ
ered one of her best efforts. It is seven
years since she played it, bat her work
last uig.it showed that time has not
withered her delicate and finished con
ception of the role. From the time she
entered in the green-room scene till
Adrienne's death the Polish actress fas
cinated her audience.
As Michonnet George Osbourne had his
opportunity this season and he made use
of it in a way that won him frequent ap
plause. Uaworth was not in the cant, and
the hero's role was played by Lonergan,
who was not quite such a dashing, hand
some Marshal Saxe as his Earl of Leices
ter and his Macduff would nave led one to
expect. He performed the part with a
good deal of sincerity, howeyer, and added
to the success of the performance.
Sosso did not make the most of that
officious gossipmonger, the Abbe de
Chazeuil, and Landers Stevens lacked
dignity and repose as the Prinre de Bouil
lon. Mrs. Levick was fairly satisfactory
as the Princess de Bouillon and Miss
Joliiffe was quite at home as the actress of
the Comedie Francaise, Mils. Joubenot.
Miss Perkins as the Duchesse d'Aumont
might have been on better speaking terms
with her lines.
i£ven if the minor. roles were not played
with the careful finish which would have
characterized them in a good French
company, Modjeska's exquisite im
personation of Adrienne would bare
covered a multitude of minor sins, and,
considering that Scribe's play was re
hearsed lor one representation only, the
whole performance was a remarkably
creditable one to all concerned.
To-nicht and at the Saturday matinee
"Mary Stuart" will be the bill, and "Mac
beth" will be played to-morrow night.
Temple Kmanu-ll Services.
Divine services this evening at the Temple
Emanu-Kl commence at 7:45 o'clock. Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger announces four lectures for
February on the "Ethics of Modern Poets."
First topic: Suggestions from Heinrich ileiiu's
proup of poems entitled "Die Heim Kehr"
(Thetteturu). The community is cordially in
vited to attend.
llNlti AUCTIOT COMPACT.
THIS DAY.
Frl(1 »y February 5, 1891,
At 1 1 o'cloctc a. m., at
1057 MARKKT STKKKT, OPP. JONKS,
ALL THE FURMTUiIJfI
or a Ten- room House, removed to our salesroom
for convenience, consisting of Bedroom Sets, Car-
pets. Parlor and 1)1,, 1ng-room furniture. Kitchen
Goods, Crockery and Glassware, B-ddlng and
Linoleum. iMcturcs, Brlc-a-Brac, '_» imported
Hurid-Kmt Spreads. Kle-ant Cherry Parlor Suit
In silk hrocatellrt upholsterv. Kattan Irm Chairs.
-M«guiticeni ml l'ain:ln S s nn<l a Miscellaneous
Library containing about HOO volumes. Sale
positively without reserve or limit.
ISUIAXA AUCTION CUMPVNY.
10S7 Market street, opp. Joqes.
NEARLY RAN ON A
WRECKED BRIDGE
A Catastrophe Narrowly
Averted on the Laundry
Farm Road.
The Rainstorm Caused the Creek
to Undermine an Embank
ment.
Passengers Sav<d by the T.mely
Warning of Iwo Men Who
Made the Discovery.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call,*
908 Broadway, Feb. 4. J
Two men by giving a timely warning
prevented a heavy electric-car of the
Laundry Farm road from going over an
embankment into an overflowing creek
during to- night's rainstorm.
The place where the accident occurred
is near Talcotts dairy, between Fruitvale
and Leona. There is a creek passes under
the track and a trestle and embankment
are built to carry the track.
In summer the creeK is dry, but in win
ter it is turned into a raging torrent and
sometimes carries along with it hundreds
of torn of earth. The heavy rains of the
past week have swollen the creek, but no
damage was done till to-night. This
evening the creek overflowed with the
velocity of a freshet and made serious in
roads in the embankment. The earth was
washed away and the trestle was endau
gered.
Between the hours of 7 and 8 the force
of the water undermined one side of tbe
trestle and some of the woodwork was dis
placed. If a car had run over it nothing
could have prevented it being hurled
down into tbe creek, which at that place
is about twenty feet in depth. The wash
out was discovered by two men, and,
knowing that an electric car was soon to
cross, they at once started oat to Inter
cept it They saw the powerful headlight
some distance away, but owing to the
rain and the darkness of the night it wal
not easy to attract the attention of the
motorman.
As the car was about to ran over the
trestle it was stopped, and an examina
tion soon convinced the conductor and
motorman that they had experienced a
very narrow escape. They saw that tbe
trestle was partly broken, and informed
the Dassengers that they could carry them
no further. Among the passengers was
Sergeant Ous Pollard of the Salvation
Army and a lady Salvationist who was re
turning from Beulab, and when they tip
toed their way across the wrecked trestle
they were somewhat alarmed to find that
even their slender weight caused the tim
bers to give.
The cars in use on the Laundry Farm
road are the heaviest in use on any road
in this county, and bad the 7:45 car run
any nearer the trestle nothing could bave
saved a fearful catastrophe.
The night receiver at the power-nous*
said at 10 o'clock that the embank
ment was washed out, and that there
would be no more travel till the trestle waa
repaired.
PROM WORK TO DEATH.
Walter Harris Fall* From a Steamer's
Deck and It Drowned.
Walter Harris, a shipbuilder's appren
tice, 14 years of age, son of A. Harris, who
resides at 2913 Twenty-third street, fell
into the bay from the deck of the steam
ship HeiJen, now under course of con
struction at the Union Iron Works,
Wednesday morning, and was drowned.
The boy disappeared at 8 o'clock, but the
foreman thinking that he bad gone home
paid little attention to the fact.
Late in the evening the boy's parents
becumo anxious over the iad'a failure to
return home, and went to the iron works
to make inquiries.
A search of the premises was made, and
the boy's coat and lunchcan were found.
This led up to the belief that the boy had
been drowned.
Yesterday the bottom of the bay in the
vicinity of the Helien was dragged and
the body was brought to the surface at 4
p. m. The Coroner's office was notified
and Deputy Coroner Tyrrell removed the
body to the Morgne.
Just how the accident that resulted in
the lad's death occurred is unknown. It
is surmised, However, that he was walk
ing along the forward deck, tripped, Mi
overboard and was drowned.
IS GOING EAST.
Kobert N. Lynch Will Study for the
Ministry In Louisville, Ky.
This evening a farewell reception will
be given to Robert N. Lynch at his home,
2332 Mission street, the occasion being to
speed him on bis way eastward to Louis
ville, where he is going to attend the
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary.
Mr. Lynch baa been for nearly three
years the secretary of the Rev. J. George
Gibson, pastor of Emmanuel Baptist
Church, and has been his recognized as
sistant in that pulpit. During his associ
ation with Mr. Gibson Mr. Lynch has
been studying for the ministry, and now
he wishes to take a three years' college
c )Ur«e. If possible, when he has gradu
ated from the Louisville college be will
enter the jSdinbureh University.
The reception will be under the auspices
of the Ladies' Aid Society, the King's
Daughters, the Christian Endeavor So
ciety and the Junior Cimstian Eodeav
orers.
■ DIKD.
GREEN— In this cltr. February 4, 1897, Mary J.,
beloved wife or the late James J-. and mother of
Kliza Green, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years
and 1 month.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAR.vy ST. Established
in 18*4 for the treatment of Private
Dlsewies, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<iirc«|tuarant<'f(l. Callorwrite. ■
Or. J. V. wiIiJUVSU Box 1957. S*u itauebe*.
1112
PICKING WINNERS
AN UNCERTAINTY
Mud Seriously Interferes
With Four Calcu
lations.
♦ ________
Loulou R and Summertime the
Only Winning Choices at
Ingleside.
Harold Lindsay Was a Surprise— Judg
Denny Let the Talent Down
v With a Thud.
There was no growling at languid rides,
CO complaints of jockeys pulling horses
and no grumbling at bad starts at Ingle-
Bide yesterday, The sport was indeed a
lottery in every sense of the word. The
money was laid down on the chances of
this or that horse in the rin?, the starters
wended their way to the post, the sound
of pattering noofs splashing through the
slushy going was discernible through the
heavy fog and drizzling rain and then
the crowd awaited results. Not until
nearly opposite the saddling paddock was
it possible to tell wh;ch horse w:s leailinp,
Two winning first choices out of six prives
an impression of tiie uncertainty of rac
ing iv mud and rain.
With all of tnese unavoidable draw
backs, the attendance was good and the
twemy-one pencilers that weiched in
found no scarcity of coin in the market.
Tom Griffin popped another one of his
curious bonbons in the openinc six and a
half furlong sprint, dropping llarold
Lindsay down at odds of •; and 7. Jack
o' Lantern was played from 7 to 5 down to
even-money favoritism, and after getting
away from the post under full sail de
lighted nis adherents by finishing lifth.
Harold Lindsay came out of the logbank
rirst and downed Tulare, a 20 to 1 shot,
two lengths with ease. In a drive Jazjbel
go' the sbow from Cogent by a short uead.
The nve-furiong scramble, with a field
of ten starters, that followed, was a g.ft
for the 2 to 1 favorite, Loulou R, wnich,
piloted by Sam Doggeit, won as she
liked from Mercutio, a 4U to 1 shot. Sugar
foot was a close ti.ird.
McNaughton and Muir thought their
black colt Judge Denny a "moral" for the
third event at seven furlongs, and advised
all of their friends to get aboard, .-even
to five was always obtainable about The
Juikfe, and although the going was just to
his liking fie provei unequal to the occa
sion. Mobala:-ka, the second choice,
ridden by Sloan, won in a canter from the
100 io 1 sbot Boreas, which beat the first
choice a len^-u.
The wise ones were again sadly at sea
over the result of the next race, a six
furiong SDrint, with a held of but live
itoing over to the barrier. Pat Dunne's
Salvable carried all ol the Dig coin at odds
of 6 to 5 and even money, and his backers
i ad the intinite pleasure of seeing L-icky
Dog win from tLe favorite hands down.
"The Dog" opened at odds of 2% to 1, and
6wasatpne time obtainable. Fly made
the running the first part of it, but died
away to nothing.
Three heads on the wire marked the
finish of the fifth race over seven lurlongs.
Alone Fonse, Frank X and Babe Murphy
locked horns the last lurlong and crossed
the lne in that order. The winner, a6 10
1 chance in the betting, was piloted by
the crack Western jockey. Charley Thorpe.
The last event on the card was a mile
run, and Summertime, with but 104
pounds up, looked a legitimate 1 io3
chance. However, she oj ened at Ito2 in
the ring, and at call even money was laid
against her. She won in a common gal
lop, with the second choice, George
Palmer, rinisnine in the place.
NOTES.
It is said that Tom Griffin desired to put
Charley ThorDe up on Harold Lindsay,
but tne judges were of the opinion mat if
Barnnger was sufficiently experienced to
ride for the public's money he was good
enough to pilot the way for Griffin's coin.
S'.arter Pettingill, the noted Western
flas-wielder, arrived from New Orleans
yesterday morning. On the same train
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Injrleside Racetrack. Thursday. February 4 Fortv
r ninth day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather Rainy. Track Sloppy.
FIRST RACE— Thlrteen-sixteentbs of a mile; three-year-olds: purse »350.
SECOND BACK— Five-eighths of a mile; three-year-oids; purse »850.
496 I THIIiD seven-eighths of amUe; selling; purse »350. ' ~"
497. FOURTH BACE -Three-<juarterj of a mile: Jour-year-o ds and upward; purse $500.
4<V3 FIFTH RACE— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling; purse f 350. ~~
4QQ SIXTH RACK— One mile: purse 403. " ~~".
came Jockey Willie Sims. The noted
colored rider will shortly be Been in the
saddle here.
Wyoming pulled up very lame at the
conclusion of his race. The big bay has
always been troubled with a bad Hoof.
That brieht, newsy, daily turf sheet, the
Sporting World, announces through its
columns that on Saturday it will issue the
most correct and complete form book yet
, offered racegoers, at a price within the
reach of all.
At the outlaw Iron Hill track on Janu
ary 28 the old sprinter Britannic made his
reappearance, after a long retirement on
the Morris ranch in Texas, and was the
medium of a "killing." After opening a
6 to 5 favorite it was reported that he bled
during his warming-up gallop, and his
price dropped back to 6to 1. The books
were then besieged with coin. The
distance was four and a half furlongs, and
he won in a gallop. Tne one-time record
holder is now 12 years old.
Tommy Keating, the popular reinsman,
was a visitor at th« track yesterday.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race, three-fourths of a mile, allowances. -
4*27 The Tourist. ..102 368 Atticus. 109
494 Claudia T. 97 455 Lady Hurst 107
933 Fort Augustus. lo2 494 Tulare 109
206 Pink Smith ...10-.' ... Justine 107
486 Velox 109 467 Basquil 112
404 Cogent 112 495 Defender 112
... Nuncomar 109 339 M. Clicquot. 102
427 Uraxey 107 1
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling;.
496 Navy Blue. ... 981 466 Marcel 96
4-i8 Jack Martin.... 93 4.' 8 Two Cheers .... 98
(480)Benamela 107 (498)Morte *0n50....1U9
(406)Colllns 98
Third race, three-fourths of a mile, selling.
4b5 Elmer F 104 483 Wester 94
481 Whltcstone 100 470 Fullertoa Lass. 96
4«8 Minnie Cee. 95 1 466 Joe X 97
496 Zooleln 100 470 Banjo »7
898 Contrition 96 478 Red Bird 97
4*5 Frank Jaubert.lUll
Fourth race, selling,' three-quarters of a mile,
allowances.
489 CuMenie 97 484 Ransome 104
480 Pat Murphy.... 9»U4B9)Yemen 104
.... Geo. Miller 107 44 Doubt ml 101
(4H6)Kowalaky I«4| 489 Moylan 97
Fifth race, seventh-eighths of a mile, allowances.
176 l.dgemount.,,.lo4 :(482)Kstaca 96
(44fc)Ma»oero 104, 484 Personne 95
176 *st.Aignon 97 486 A 'die Buchanan
493 Mrs. ehade..... 95 348 Lamella. 102
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Basquil, SI. Clicquot, Tu
lare.
Second race — Collins, Benamela.Morte
Fonae.
■ hirrl race— Whitest on*, Frank Jan
bert, Slinnie Cee.
Fourth race — George Miller, Caliente,
Pat Murphy.
Fifth race — Kstaca, St. Algnon, Per
sonne. ___^__^_^____^
John Mackay May Build.
John W. Macktiy, proprietor of the property
on M'Tket street knotrn as toe Midway
Plaisance, over the old Charter Oai stubles,
has sued Edward Homan for $100 rent due
and for forieiture ol the lease to the premises.
There is thought to be a probability that Mr.
Mackay will soon erect a modern structure on
tbis lot.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI*
J Moore, Cal M Wilson, Lowrey
G Bragg, -acraroenro G Kramer, >acramento
N Clark. Chicago W W Koole, Oakland
C E Crowley, L Angeles A Dubben, .San Rafael
0 Page. »v H R Hendenon, Jackson
H B Kimball <ft w, Stktn E 1 Rm*ell & w, Stocktn
R H Ha. es <t w, Slktn J E Lombard, P >rt and
W M Bonr. Minn F M Rubies, Omaha
W Mullaiiey. fai to J O Hayes, Bdenda!*
E J Cahill. San M .rtin R S Helberi, Lot Angelas
Mrs E Q Greene, SaCruz J B tcott. Salinas
A lowle, lowUs H P Ma tin, Sacto
C B Shaver, Fresno B i Shepherd Jr, Fresno
H W Gretr, Beaumont E J Kuz,i ra d. Term
J 6 Cottrell. lenu C B Turner. Charleston
Miss 1 urner, Charleston C BSomner. Clnlrmont
Miss .^umner, I lulrmout C F Bonder, Madera
A Am- s, Hori.itos T A J boson, Syracuse
M iss M Morey, Sacto T H Ramsey. Redwoo-1
v 1' Leonard A w, Cal L J.oM.b«Dit ».<ni ago
C (iurn, Oakland H C Roberts, N V
1 B M Graham, NY AH Coy, Ht.llister
WG 1 .ooiiiuaii. Isleton C F ('oodman. acio
t S Palmer. Seattle W P Tbomns * w, Ukiah
J H '1 ylor, Navarro P J Kooiisteen, Seattle
s Bcoiis een, i>eatt.e J W Kelchner, San Jose
J B . ohn, Swansea A L Black Wnatcom
T J Pierce, Sacto V Cox. sacranieuto
W D Loi'g. Nevada City W F Pierce <fc w, Oakland
W H skinner. Chicago J A Robie, Sacto
T E Keating, Pleasanton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
\Y W Koach, Vallejo J N Martin <t w. Portlnd
E II Lone, ()ak!an 1 F Becknap, Oakland
W F Turner. Oakland A E Cross, Honolulu
1 L ».oe chins, .N V R D Stanley. N V
B X Coffa an, Chicago A W Fisher. Los Ang
C M Burner, N o w t-ims, Georgta
> Curran, -pokane Dr E (j Case, 1 kiah
Mrs J \V St Clair, S Crut W D Plnkstone, Iluue
D X Johnson, t'hicaeo W Wright, sacto
s Summerfield, Chicago M L unimerfleUl, 111
C Jones, Vallejo F Mill' r, Fresno
J Smith, Julnre H Siott, Sicto
G Hilton, S Diego F Stewart, Nevada
LICK HOUSE.
A Doud. Menlo Park N W Mosley. Chico
C U Irani A wf. Cal Alex R Ha.im. Cal
'1 hrn Fi^x. -acto P Hirschfeld, Los Anj
B Crorawe:). Cal Mrs <• 0 Briegs. Cal
C S I'ntemeyer. NY J H Fomeioy. Portland
David Evans. Euraka H tic»hoff. San Ka:ael
Fred (iersiiey, Cal MrsS A liaynes. lud
ilrs H J Wanton, Cal Miss F Hayes, Cil
Miss C smith. SallnasCy P fc. Hunter, sacto
C M Schiller, almas Cty P B Jon«s <t wf, Petlma
John A Wayman, i.al W E Rober s. Stockton
X Holland, Chicago E Allen <fc wf, Sonora
O P Weimore.MenloPrk
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
PALACE HOTEL.
F J Ellmlck &w, NY L Hen ry, Ireland
A Caible, Washington All Hryant. S:. Louis
W C Peyton. Mania Cruz M Warren, Nebraska
J Fllcklnger, San Jose 1) McLean. N V
0 W <-'ox, Ulasgow (i t KluuberKer, N V
J F Shaw, Roslyn J H Kmborn, Santa Rosa
C Monroe. l.os Angeles ti S Jiy.-rs. St Louis
J T Rountree, Los Ane WII Castle, *ai; Jose
» Kosen.itein, N V W Keunedy, I-'orMand
M Muruhy Poniard R ivnrose, Ariz
M Haas, Cincinnati G Orcutl * w, lowa
TS Bu lock 4w, R V H Henry, San Jose
H L -naniiou, Redding .n 1 Hmitb, San Carloa
E Low, a V
NEW WESTERN H<TKL.
W Bradd, Randsburg W E Cobrj & w, Cal
R H sueldoo, Los Ang C J Voikes, Cal
T G»>pr, Cai J Con I. HI, Cal
H D Snwer, Cal J McCrw.ly, Los Ang
I'Sallivan. I *»nver R II <fe w, Denver
B 1) UollinKsn-onh. Colo X X Weildle. Tacoma
A B Dale Wyoming C R Bubb, Mtn Vlpw
J M Drake, Riverside M E Burtbardt <fc f, Ind
E M dorrisk, Seatt.e D Donohue, Towles
J J Staueiiz. Siit-'o It U Sykes. Sacio
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Gaix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock tvery
■lent In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
&W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open nntil 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open until 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
_^_f YERBA BUKNA LODGE OF .
»■"•*' Perfection No. I— Annual meeting *W*
THIS (FRIDAY):EVENING, February 6, ft
at 8 o'clock. - JfA.
OEO. J. HOBK, Secretary. 4fi&t*
Ws&* OFFICERB ANI> MEMBERS TtfltlT T>
&*-*' of Opblr Lodge No. 171, I. U. O. £§*_*£__ '
F. — You are requested to be present %£5pHjS? '
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. <^ml^ r
Double Initiation. W. A. NOFFBINGER, Sec
»r^S=* OPHIR LODGE NO. 171, I. _ L -*_r"rr~~
EP-^ O. O. F. — Initiation 'nilSS?or*32t&.
(FItIDAY) EVENING. February '5. =52?flKgF
1897. Visiting brothers invited to -'Wi*<f~-
attend. W. G. DOWLE, N. G.
W. A. Noffsinoer, Recording Secretary.
■r^S" KEGULAR MEETING OF A _? v
&-&' the Caledonia ilub Tllis3V,£i^{7
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Aim ointment '
ol committee and other mutters per- '^^J*
tainlng to the Burns Monument trili hi under con-
sideration. iscoulsh Hall, 111 I.arkin st.
D. I'.. Mc.Ni.ILL, Chief.
Jab. H. DoNCASfi Secretary.
_C_&= A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
BF-»^ bers of the Bishop Armlta;e Church Or-
phanage will be held at the ollice of the secretary,
63J California St., room 38. on February 23. 1897,
at 12 K., for the purpose of revls ng or amending
the by-laws 01 said corporation or adoptlne new
by-laws and for the election of irustees for the en-
suing year; also for the transac. ion ot such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. WAlillAM, Secretary.
Sfc^S 3 QUEEN VICTORIA'S DIA MO D
s*^»^ jubilee— Notice. It has been thought that
the British born of this city. Irrespective of
naturalization, would wish to celebrate the above
event in some suitable way. Having been ap-
proached on the subject by a committee represent-
ing many of the formal organizations of the State,
the British Consul-Ueneral Invites the attendance
o: all those Interested In the matter at a meeting
to be held at the Pa:ace Ho.el Maple room on
SATURDAY February 6, at 2 p. m.. to discuss the
proposed celebration and devise means and
methods. J. W. WARBURTON.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JtC_f BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
*»-*' rolle rons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mi-:itty at., room 6: tel. 6580.
STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICE. .
_T_f KM STEVENSON ST., SAN FRAN-
m~r c;sco, Lai., January 29, 1897. At a meet-
ing of the board of director* of the Edison Light
and Power Company, held on the 28ih day of
January. 1897, it was unanimously resolved that '
on and after February 1, 1897, the president and ;
secretarv be instructed to deliver 10 the stock- ,
holders of said company one and one-third (IJ>j) I
shares of the capital stock of the ban Francisco Una i
and Electric Company for each share of the :
EdUon Light and i'ower Company's stock sur-
rendered. Transfer-oooks of the Edison Light
and Power Company will be closed on Janiiarr I
30. 1897. The first dividend will be payable on !
the new stock on or about .March 1, 1897, and will
be at the into or one dollar ($1) per share.
Stockholders are requested to surrender their I
certificates 10 the secretary of the company with-
out delay.
EDISON LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
By J. E. Ukken, Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTE IJ-FEM ALE.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
Mason st., teL main 6332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
EN«SLISH LADY OF GOOD FAMILY. RE-
flned, highly educated, much traveled, desires
position as comianlon, pecri'tary, cnaperone or
governess; would give services In return for ex-
penses East or to Europe. Englishwoman, box
16, tills oillce.
I AM GERMAN AND A STRANGER IN THIS
city; worked 3 years in the last place (private
family only) and desire tne same work here; good
coo»., German or French. Call or address H. W.,
96 Silver St.. corner of 1 hlrd.
yOCNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
-L working housekeeper for widower or bachelor's
home: city or country; no objection to children.
181 .^oe s..
YKAT DANISH GIRL. WOULD LIKK PLACE
Xl io do boiisework: wages $15; has reference.
Call at 141/2 Mom st, downstairs.
] AUY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A PUSI-
Xj tlon as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market »u
TVT ANTED- POSITION AS WORKING
»T housekeeper Dy an agreeable young woman;
widower's family preferred: wages f.'s. Call
from 10 to 4. 126 Fourth st., room 2.
EK.MAN HOUSEKEEPER AND FIRST-
VT class coo : desires situation in family or pri-
vate boardli g-house. Call at 16 Beaver st., bat
sixteenth ai;d Seventeenth.
YOUNG EAKTEIIN WIDOW OF KfFlNE-
ment ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
GERMAN GIRI, WANTS SITUATION: COOK-
.^ ing; Jewish style; 525- Address A. C. B. box
32. Call.
yoUSG SWEDIBH GIRI. WISHES hi I UA-
-L tion :o do upstairs work. Please call 1111
Stelner .-l
I RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES POSITION
XX, to assist In light housework: Mission pre-
ferred. Address M. W., Call Branch Ollice. Six-
teenth and Mission sis-
VIT ANTED— POSITION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper by an agreeable yonng woman:
wages 25. la ! after 10 a. m., 126 Fourth, r. 6.
WIDOW DKSIRKS POSITION AS HOUBE-
'» kieper; dots not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress U. C. F., Feralta Heights, corner Lester and
Hanover aves., hast Oaklaud.
LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• -*■*-» CALL: subscriptions an 1 want adi taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
kJ -Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes at.*
opeiwuut.i t>:3o o'clock. *
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Thi Cam, are taken at Branch otlice, touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
yOCXG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES POSI-
X. tion as working housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Fourth St., room 'i
pERMAN i.IRL WISHE-) SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook lor sm&U family. 620 Washington street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms v6c 10 «1 60 per night;
$1 60 to $«> per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bapguge to and froTi the terry.
YOUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
Xas housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room 6.
"VroUNO WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
J. mecdiug at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th« Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
p ARDENER, COMPETENT TO TAKE
XX charge of place, wishes situation. ANDRE' 6,
815 Stockton st.
T3ELIABLE MAN WHO CAN TAKE CARE
XXi of borsts and garden and milk wishes situation;
has Hood references. Address ANDRE'.-*. 315
Stockton st.
HUNTER <t CO.. "CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment omce. 17 Webb at., below
Kearney, nr. Cal. : ieLmMo23l. W.c.YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTI.LL.IGfc.NCK AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel a.am 6 .'34.
piIINESE <fc JA PANKSE; EST'D 20 YEAKS-
\JheIp : teLmain 1997. BRADLEY & C0.. 640 Clay
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4HVi O'Farrell. . Tel. E. 428.
VOUNG ENGLISHMAN WANTS PLACE AS
X stagedriver or to take cure of horses: thor-
oughly competent. Add. F. CLUKR, box 109, Call.
BOY WISHES WORK IN A GROCERY,
store for board and clothing. Address NE cor
Buena Vista and Central »v««. "
SITUATIONS WANTED -Continued.
ELDERLY MAN (CONFECTIONER) WILL-
■i ing to make cakes and do outside c bores. Con-
fectioner, box 7-j, Call Office.
STRONG BOY USED TO WORKING IN
bakehouse. Apply Baker, box 72, Call Office.
C COMPETENT, SOBER AND STEADY MAN
) wishes a si nation In private place or as Janitor
for institute; bes; 01 city references. Please call
or address A. FROMM, 233 California ave., city.
FARMER— STE.*DY POSITION WANTED
X. on sugar-beet farm by strong, well-educated
1:1:1 25, with exterience; good reference. 1.. K.,
box 89, Call Office.
"yOUNG IRISHMAN IS ANXIOUS To PRO-
X cure a position in a dry-goods store; five years'
experience; gma'.l salary to commence. J. F.,
62 Second st., room i.4.
WANTED— BY A RESPKCTABLE YOUNG
TT man of 20 years, not afraid of hard work; un-
derstands th- care of horses. Address C. CROMP-
TON.6II Powell st
POSITION IN COUNTRY HOTEL OR »OAD
X house by a man and wiie: understand the
business ; or would rent 8.. box 60, Call Office.
VIRTL-CLASS FRENCH. ITALIAN AND
X American cook wants place in hotel, restaurant
or large boarding-house; is thoroughly comoetent
ana has good references. Address Cook, box 101,
Call Office.
SITUATION BY TRUSTWORTHY MAN. AD-
dr- ss R. KRAFT, 9 Carlos place, above Powell
su, off Geary.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
QOQ HAYES bT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•JOO The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. '
T> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 187 NINTH
XJ st— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF TH«
1 Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
P.97 MONTGOMERY, corner of clay—
«/-- I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
toe Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD »T., NK.
*» Market; 200 rooms: 26c to 91 50 per night;
91 60 to 96 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
p KRMAN GIRL, POST ST.. 920; GERMAN
VT girl, Geary st.. 915; German girl, G'Farrell st,
915; German girl. Oak su, «18; German glr:, Ala-
meda, 918: German girl, Bush St., *26: German
Kirl, Ja-ksun st., 920: German girl, Keunett, Cal., j
920; German girl, Hayes st, 720; German girl,
Lacuna su. 920: German girl. Pacific St., 925:
German girl, Post st, 920. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
WAITRESS, 95 A WEEK: COOK, 920 AND
tt room; cook, (10 a week and room; waitress,
country, 915 and room; 2 waitresses for Los
Angeles. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
FR CM NURSE. 920; 10 HOUSEWORK
girls, city and country, 920 to 925: 8 young
girls, city and country, 920 to (25; 8 young girls
to assist, 910 to 916. Miss C ULLEN, 323 Sutter.
O<>K. 935: SECOND GIRL AND WASH, 925.
MISS CULLEN, 323 suiter st
OVERMAN WOMAN WITH A GIRL A~S
VX working housekeeper, 910. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter at
OOK, Oakland, $25: second GIRL,
Oakland, 920. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
WA ITKKSS, PRIVATE FAMILY, 925. MISS
TT CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. j
/i ERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEKEEPER,
vT 925. MISS CULIJJN. 823 Sutter st.
2 NEAT WAITRESSES. SAME HOTEL,
Fresno, 920 and fare advanced: 4 waitresses,
same hotel. Los Angeles, 9JO: chambermaid and
wait 1 meal, hotel, Woodland, 920: chambermaid,
hotel. n--ar city, 925. chambermaid, lotiglng-
house, city, 915; waitress, hotel, city, $16; 4
hou-egirls. *20: 8 houseslrls, 912 to 915. C. R.
HANSEN it CO., 110 Geary st.
YI'EWRITER AND ASSISTANT CLKRK; 96
X a week. CR. IiANbKN A, CO , 110 Geary.
pATHOLIC WOMAV FOR KITCHEN WORK
\J in an Institute, 920. MURRAY A READY,
leading Employment Agents, 684-636 Clay su
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, 917 60,
" paid: girl for general housework, small
family, country, 1-0; waitresses, 918 and 916.
MUKRAY A READY, leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay si.
WANTED — SMJUND GIRL AND LAIN.
• V dress $25; German chambermaid, private
faa.lly, 920; i cooks, merman style, $25 and 930;
colored woman 10 clean office. 120; restaurant
waitress, 92:>, and a larg^ number 01 Kills for
cocking and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Suiter st.
WANTED— 2 GERMAN COOKS. «35 AND
tt *30; laundress and waitress, 925; French
nurse, *20; waitreisaud parlormaid. »26: French.
.-lianisb cook. 926. LKUN ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton at
pEKMAN OR IRISH COOK, 930: SWEDISH
VT cook, 926: houseglrl, Belvedere, »25. 315
Sutter st.
PEFINED GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE
-IV of child and 1.0 upstairs work: 920. German
Employment Office, 306 Mason su
STRONG GERMAN GIRL, CHAMBER WORK
and waiting. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN COOK; SHORT DIS-
O tance; 925; Independent place. German em-
ployment Office. 30a Mason su
OFFICE FKE REDUCED: 25 CTS.; ulß^soF
a.l ualiona l:lcs to till various positions. Ger-
11. an Employment uffice, SOtS Mason st
W ANTED— 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
TT barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 1381 a Eighth s:., S. f. Barber College.
FINE CHANCE FOR EXPERIENCKD LADY
X? cauvasit-rs. American Steel Company, base-
ment Crocker building
t\tanted— oirl for second work AND
» » walling; wag. s (20. Apply 1307 Hyde st.
ANTKD-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»T work ; wages $15. 1830 O Farrell st.
OtXO GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X good home and small pay. 802 Geary st.
W ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT
TT honsework. 4Ociavlast
V uu NG GIRL WAN TO LEARN OFFICE
X work; must be tidy. Call S3 Sixtn st., rm. 18.
WANTED — FINISHERS ON LADIES'
TT tailor- coats- M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY, Oakland.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital, t all at 1066 Market st., room 1
WAN! ED - WOMAN FOR GENERAL
TT housework. 3891 Twenty -fourth st
I EARN DRKSHCUTTING AND MILLINERY:
J9l per week; unlimited lemons: patterns
25c McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market
L'LY.N.N'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
JL Academy. 14 McAllister St.: 91 a week.
f»-\ ;: LA P. KIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
V/X«IJ Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
T AWKENCE CUT! ING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place (or • patterns; every ona
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Market st
\A OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
ITI Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms: 26c to 91 5J per night; 91 50 10 96
per week: tree 'bus and baggage to and trom ferry.
NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Tub Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
NIGHT COOK. 99 A WEEK: VEGETABLE
•*■' man. 912: young man, run elevator and watt
some, 910 and room; young man for elevator and
bells. $10 ana room; cook, 98 a week: waiter. 99
a week; small bellboy. MARTIN'S, 749 Market
MAN TO RAINiS , BLACKBERRIES: BLACK-
smith helper, 97 a week. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
JAPANKSE BOY, BOARDING-HOUSE; JAP.
O anese bellboy MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
AUSAOK . MAKER. «12 A WEEK. MAR-
TIN'S. 749 Market st.
/^HORKBOY, PRIVATE PLACE, 98 MONTH.
v^ etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
CO FAMILY BOARDING-HOUBE; 910 A
week am board. MaRTIN'S, 749 Market at
BAKKR. SMALL CITY SHOP. 97 WF.EK A ND
found; night cook. *6 week; cook. 925: cook,
946; waiter, 925: 2 dishwashers, $-5, 915; man
to care for 60 cows on shares, and other plnces.
MUKiUY & HEADY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st
TV WRITER AND ASSISTANT CLERK;
A95 a ek. cR. HaNSEN 4 CO., 110 Geary.
HI- AD PORTER, LARGE COUNTRY HOTEL;
references required. C. R. HAN6EN & CO.,
110 Geary St.
("\IL-WEI.L BORER: MUST BE THOROUGH
\s expert; 94 to 96 a day: also farmers, team-
■tera waiters, cooks, , dishwashers, etc W. D.
itWr.R * CO., 626 Clny st.
\V ANTED — AMERICAN GENERAL MER-
" chandise clerk, 950 and board, steady Job;
man to raise turkeys 011 shares: and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROsETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
"yOUNG MAN FEW HOURS MORNiNG AND
■A evening; living with parents. Address Jani-
tor, .'O6 sansome.
WANTED — FOR CASH, SHOEMAKERS'
patching machine. UN KLEITEK, ban Jose,
California.
HELP TTANTED-Contlnnixi. ,
BARBERS WANTED TO ATTEND MASS-
meetlng Snuday, Feb. 7, 102 O'Farrell, 3 p. m.
WANTED— YOt'NG MAN, EXPERIENCED,
in pharmacy, 915. Kddy and ateiner sis.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN, DISHWASHER;
»» 94 a week; restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
ANTED— A WAITER AND PANTRY-
"» man. 613 Clay su
THE RICHELIEU RESTAURANT, 118a EL-
X lls . su. bet. Mason and Powell, has changed
hands, and Mr. Noel Bengue, the new proprietor,
will continue to run it as a Urn-class restaurant;
25c a meal; . family entrance off OTarrell su
Xk7 A.S TED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
»» school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C0.. 723 Markt
WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
position in country: must have 95 expense
money. Call after 10 a. it. 9 Geary, room 2.
IJARBERN—FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SBC.
Jj P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCIiS, 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 eerretarr .11. BERNARD, 102 Baventh st
"DARBKKSHOP, RUNNING 3 CHAIRS; LOW
XJ rent: good location: price 9125; trial given;
this Is a rare chance. J., box 67, Call Office.
U AKBEB WASHSTANDS. 1, 2 AND 3 BOWLS,
X) cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate av
rTIHOUSANDis OF GOOD PLACES UNDER
X the McKinley administration In every part of
the country. Do you want one? The midwinter edi-
tion of the National Recorder will tell how to set a
position. Send 5 cents in stamps to the National
Recorder, Washington, D. C.
T ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT SHOES
Xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to order; bosi stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
MEN AND WOMKN TO INTERVIEW PROP-
erty-owners. ' Landlords' Co-operative Asso-
ciation, 143 Pheian building.
ELCHO HOUSE. 8631* MARKET ST.— ROOMS
XJJ 20c, 200 to 600 night; 91 to 93 wee*.
OZiOtt MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£tO£i\J want ads taken for THE CALL.
BEST IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
X) 35 cents per night: 91, 91 26, 91 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff its.
]If> NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXUThje call; subscription \ and want ads.
taken. \ . \
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
I > all night; rooms 25c to 91 per night: 91 25 to
96 per week. J. G. DIIAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
m. de to order, 92 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
I»ICCRUITB WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rlne Corps, V. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the united States, or those
who have legally dc-clared their Intention to be-
come such; must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su. San Francisco, Cat
POOMS 160 TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO 91 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Dramm su
QINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 150 A NIGHT:
0 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
WANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
tt ersdtclerka. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 Sutter
OCO£j MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_«J— U Thk Call; subscriptions ana want ads
taken.
rpKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BK-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; 91 a week.
"1 A A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 150
X 1/1/ and 20c a nlgnu including coSee and roU*.
1 24 Washington su . near Kearny.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect roar
Ideas: they may bring 700 wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
ney* Washington. D. C foe ihelr 91800 i>riM
oner and list of 200 inventions wanted.
W ANTED-LABORERS AMD MECHANICS
»• to know that Ed Rolitln, Reno House proprie-
tor. atlll mas Denver House, 217 Third st. : 15J
large rooms; 26c per night; 91 10 93 per week.
pOSEDALE, 821 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE FUR-
XV niched rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to 91 60 wt
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N TO GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c : bes; free lunch. 643 Clay.
\\ r INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NK.
»' Maricet: 200 rooms, 26c a night; reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 18c A DAY; 91
week: rooms for 2, 25c a day. 91 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPATH
•hoes up to 9 o'clock every night, those word-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: laoies' soling, 85c; men'«
tollng. 60c: flue shoea made to order from 92 up:
we have a lot of sho*< been damaged by water, *;
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up to
9. 60. 56 J Mission «.. bet. First s- and seconds:.
BOARDING WANTED.
ANTED — FURNISHED ROOM, WITH
TT board, in private family, for single gentle-
man; north of Maricet and east of Jones preferred;
state price. Address M. K., box 44, Call Office.
"VFANTED-BIISCELLANEOCS.
ANTED TO PURCHASE-ONE GASOLINE
" engine, one-quarter (Vi) horsepower, for rash,
at standard price: wanted, one six or eight-horse
power marine gasoline engine, must be chei.p.
Address VOX r-ERKEY MANUFACTURING
COMPANY, San D.ego, CaL
ANTED— 1- HORSEPOWER MOTOR OR
dvnamo; also second-hand Wheeler <& Wilson
sewing-machines, No. 11. Address S. C, box 139,
Call Office.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENTS WANTED
XJ in each town on the coast for office business.
Send 10c for samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24va Third st, S. F. ■
\\T ANTED— A 3OR 6 HORSEPOWER ELKC-
" trie motor: new or second-hand; lowest
price. Apply W. HULL, P. 0., Sacramento.
ANTED— A GASOLINE LAUNCH, OR
TT either an engine or hull separate: 8 to 12
horse power. A. D., Napa,
PLANER WANTED: 18 TO 24-INCH: STATiS
X cash price. Address B. 11., box 1, Call Office,
Oakland. .
pAPITAL TO DEVELOP Al GOLD MINE
\J for shares In same. Mining, box 71. Call.
WANTED — SECOND-HAND LADY'S
wheel. 1316 Vermont st.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHES,
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1163 Mission s~
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
dry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send postal.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
fflk/TC NEW SCAN MILK WAGON. APPLY
«IP I O. LA CHAPELLE & LOISELLE, 3401
Mission si
HEAP CASH REGISTER. APPLY CUR-
\J TIN it BEALS, room 24, third floor, Mills
building. .
AMILY HORSE, PHAEION AND HAR-
ness for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
pOMPLETE ECONOMICAL QUARTZ-MIN.
V,' ing plant; cheap, ■ Address Mining, box 71,
Call Office.
rpHOKOUGHBRED HARFORD COW; VERY
X gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3-38 Enclnal ave..
Hlgb-st station. Alameda.
T. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PKDIGRKE;
stock: sire, champion, Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
313 V4 Fulton st.
;\TEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
X\ W. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st
BO J LE RS, E N G I N AND MACHINERY
JJ water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
BARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
Ij cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnltur' and fixtures, Dew and
second hand. J. Ki.OSA.N, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission su, above Sixth.
BARS, SCALES. MIRRORS FRENCH
ranges, etc. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
VTATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
±> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
pOFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
IAK.S, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
i' ing, etc, Lought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market
BICYCLES.
SKCOND-HAND— 2 TANDEMS, 980 AND 990-
-2 roadsters, 925 and (30: good a. new. Golden
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary su
"V-EW STEARNS BICYCLE, U>KD 6TIMKR
■L* for sale for »30 If »old at once. 616 Geary st
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD;* LAW OFFICES. ROOM*
O 26 and 27, Crocker buUOiu*; iciepttona m...
76, ban Francisco, CaL *~~«»
JOHNR.AITKEN AND MAURICE L. 4.SHER.
v Mi/it M law. law su, 9 16. a m Xioor.i'arroiiDiaS"
PERSONALS.
VOUKO ATTRACTIVE BRUNETTE WITH
X large property interests desires to meet elJerly
bacheloror widower capable of managing property:
ocject matrimony. Address Lady Lord, bx 15. Call
IF JAMES K*.ENAN KIRBY, SON OF WlL-
liamKlrby, deceased, will call at 1603 Laguna
street he will hear of something to his advantage.
FEBRUARY 3. 189 7-ANY. SEAMAN WHO
has left any clothing at my house or at Mr. W.
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. will please call and re-
dee m them, as lam out of the business. WM. 1
THOMPSON, 103 Clarke St.. city.
ME. J. PHILLIPS, LADIES' FA SHlON-
able hairdresser, removed to 120 Geary St.,
opposite California Furniture Co.: popular prices.
TF HANNAH GILBERT. LA I OF MAN-
J. Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
vantage. .
ONORABLE MAN, 35. SOBER, SHOK-
maker. wants to meet lady between 20 and 30
with i-ome means. Address LEO CAPO, 662 Mis-
sion st. '
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty: private: no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, af.y-at-.aw. 850 MarKet.cor.Stocktn
T ADY PARTNER, WITH ESTABLISHED
XJ business preferred, wanted by an experienced,
active business man (35); has a little money. Ad-
dress ->i. 6., box 107, Call Office.
"PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
Xsonab.e; 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. It. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
Bt, room 6.
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING ;
X lowest estimates. best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
I~S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdreaslng parlor;
latest effects ;price2sc. 124 y a O'Farrell, nr. Powell.
VTEURaLGIA,
±\ RHEUMATISM AND
NERVOUB PROSTRATION
Are causing so manv lives to be wasted. It Is not
necessary to suffer so— there is but one thing can
aid you: medicine cannot reach yon, but
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS,
with the wonderful electric apparatus (nothing
like It In the world) will bring back your lost
health. Hygienic board, sunny room, careful and
scientific care and treatment. Address 1533
BUCHANAN ST.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGITEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'i-arreil su, nr. Mason.
MRS. THOMPSON, RETURNED; HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 605 Post st-, room 2.
I PRIDE MYSELF ON THE NEATNESS OF
my parlors and the politeness of my attend-
ants; hairdreasins; is only '25c: hairdrrssiue and
shampoo, soc: switches, $1; "QUINON'IA" hair
tonic, 85c per bottle. G. LEUERER, 111 Stock-
ton St., nearest Geary.
PROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
X disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
Mrs. c. Sanchez, artistic hair-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine St., room 7.
LAI DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
ETROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
l'X Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540-
-641: hours 9 a 11. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 (\f\n CARDS, $1 50. BHOW CARDS. ETC.
XUUU TeL Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary st.
o*l A DOZEN— FINE CABIN*. la AT WXL-
<DI SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
'97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
•>— I of Tei Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and, Newspaper Illustration; particulars as to
terms, etc. 424 Pine st.; Illustrations inrntshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc
ARTISTIC H A3RDRES.-ING, 25c; $25 FOR
XV. cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market si., room 28.
UUPTURE AND PILES CUBED: NO PAY '<
XV until cured: send for book. DBS. MA.Si
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
AGNIBCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope films: price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
\\ r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
" Inc. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. mekigan, 1302 Webster st.
BIG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE- '
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust- j
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM: '
XJ Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market; '
200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per '
I week ; free bus and baggage to and from the terry. 1
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR- i
rlage; terms of payment obliging; legal every- I
where. Ad dress lock box F, 906 Market at^ S. F.
CLOAKS, FURS AND 6>UliS RETAILED Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND 6PEED* CURE FOR <
all female diseases: ladles may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, A home in confinement
with best care, with the privacy of a home and the I
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or I
discouraged should call on thedoctoraud state their
case. All consultation free and confidential Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-renowed rem- .
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYER.
226 Turk su I
R. J. H. JOSSKLYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL- I
Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un- |
fortunate. Wi;n a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
I disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
1 treut to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength- |
I »ned by extensive experience. No case peculiar |
to your delicate organism is beyond his sure con- :
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme- I
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their '
action, and are warranted tor both young and old. '
He excels all others ii cure of private diseases. I-
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market at.,
rooms 11 and 12.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cans ■) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in conaneinen: : best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrate remed.es for monthly
suppression never l'ai : medical electricity for all
fern a e complaints: every c!ise guaranteed; co:i- 1
Mi.tation free, confidential; hour* oto 5. MRS.
DR/NVYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cau.se; no elec.ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methocs: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Cod- i
suit free the omy reliable physicians, DR. AND '
MR& DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., next HibeVnia
Bank: bjburs, 9 a. u. 10 5 and 7 to 8 P. it.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE- i
store every case of monthly sickness from '
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used
inany years' experience; every case guaranteed ;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private 1
home for confinement. MRS. DK. DALEY. 112d
Market at., over the OwlDruj btore.
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman I
her own physician for al: female troubles, no matter !
from what cause; restores always in one day ;can be
sent and used at borne; ail cases guaranteed- do
p?Jppvr !" com P et « nt 'emaie Ph>slc:ani " b"
■rori*fc,K, the we.l-known pioneer, ols Kearny st.
DR. FOULETS FRENCH CAPSULES -A
guaranteed absolute CUr *° r *" feinale dls-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and '
l?£'.~? dan * ( ' r or a «er effects: taken In time It
lift fl2?h!*«f preventive: price $1 50 per box;
i?i!.\« v? y .i 'on 081 ** o* pric* WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant ave. ,
T)R. AND MRS. WEGENBR, 626 EDDY ST.;
«wL p x a . tei 5 e with evei comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician:
quick relief for travelers: best care: terms moder- !
ate; consultation free: pills $2.
r\KS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST; LADIES.
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed: any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees: self cure. 401 Van Ness
ave., flat D.
A T T THB PEOPLE'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
■ n ; Institute all cases treated anti medicines fur-
nsued for * 1; call or write. 1029% M rket St.,
oet. sixth and Seventh, r~an Francisco, Cal. -
T)«. AND MR* RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
■^ female diseases: Irregularities restored with-
out isU; no instruments: safe and sure: private
nome: Infallible pills; regular physician. 61 Fifth.
'SOO PalU *"OR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
*ipv\j\j of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free MRS. D R. SCOT! , Si S Geary
T\U PRAK's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
£j *»'« and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <fe CO..drugglsts. 406 Clay st.,soleagts,
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLB— A BOON TO
-*»• ladles with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express c. O. D.; don't delay until
too late. OsGOOD BROd., Oakland, CaL
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DK. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet st.: his 80 years'
successful practice !s a tup. ran tee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVATE) HOME; DIS
• eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 254% 4th.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER NKAfI
. -Ls Jones. Diseases ox women and children.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURXf.
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocers
stocks. STENBEKG CO.. 632 Markets:.
ffl» AZ. (\ SALOON AND LUNCHHOU«i7
<ID^lc/l/. prominent? corner in wholesale d v
trict; finely fitted up and doing gooi buslne4<
STENBEUG & CO., 632 Market. 1
ARTNEK W.xNTKDIN A CASH BUSINES^
must be able to give good reference- no*othor«
need apply. 33 Sixth at., im. 18, THOMAS <fc (Jo.
I rriHO<E WHO ARE SEEKING BUsIN ~s<
J- piac»s it will pay them by calling on TUOM w
& CO., 33 sixth st. room 18. v 5
I;^Af| WILL BUY A FINK SALOON^ T
tlr.Dt/U good location; doinjc a gcod huslno..
will bear investigation. 33 sixth St., lilo.ll V
CO., room 18. ■
©OXM WIl LBCY A L )DGING-H()t :
«3T>O»JU 16 rooms clearing $60 a ruomh 3*
Sixth at., room 18 "unto. J3
GKOCERY AND BAR; 4 ROOMS~"pT777nT
r $200. DECKER. 1020 Market st. ' ra * Lk '
STATIONERY. CANDY ANlT~v^
®Oayj tlon store. DECKER, lu 2o Market.?*
<H.l 9^ FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT^
3frlZO. H. C. DECKS It, Markets
*^nn SALOON NEAR PRrNciPiiTsiXH"
•?OUU. ket; cheap rent. For Information ,^'
dress 8. P. WILSON. 431 Greenwich s™ "° 0 : "'
pIGAR-STAND: ROOM FOR EMPi.OYMEV^
ciuZnuT basemeqt: u ;° flrst »™ "»■«.•
ENTLKMAN PARTNER WITH SMAIf"
capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post, r a
AN OFFICE BUSINESS: SMALL AMOUNT
capltau Inquire office 541 ParroTt bun^ng
-J UNCH-HOUSE AND SALOON FOR BATv"
XJ cheap. Apply Call Office. HALE,
$1000. GREAT BUSINKRs CHANCE -rn
iJMUUU. buy a manufacturing pla t h?.fT,
value; no other one on the coast; beautiful ltr« «?
goods uaed by everybody; large facTor/ "L- „?
wok good win, orders, all co in: owners Join '
East. Hardware, box 20, Call Office E lne
•ftl PARTNER WANTED IN LlTTrr
Sin,! lndoor bQsln '-s«: immense proa J.
menu 7 8 ° f C CS^ nCe
.*! 500 F OR SAhy - OK EXCHANGE
h,.fr,« . L city P r "Perty.old-eatabilshed harness
business In San Luis Oblspo County If reside-., «
jls wanted $4600. Address V, box 60, cLi offl\ e .
TTN PARALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR IN>
i H H S [° r uv D J o ! d Roldmiue. ForparticalsricaJ
| ■a. H. FERNS, 450 Towusend st. j
I $750 8 A LOON - OLD ESTABLISH EnT
irir\>L- \" ?ii ng 8 lo 10 ba "els beer weekly,
| LIiMKh & CO., J65 Third st.
j A NIMATOSCOPE-PROJECTINO LIVING
| ■•■*■ pictures. Animatoscope,933 Mrkt.. 7th floor.
j ENTLEMAN PARTNiSP. BY ATTR,,CIIVti
i VJ and renued young lady. 1 Fit tt St., room 1.
! 200 g°P D KXPKESS BUSINESS. STAND
<P^.UV/. SW. corner Eighth Market sts.
i WONTED-LADY OK EDUCATION AND
" refinement to take full charce of sanitarium
| near city; one spesking German preferred: must
; have some money. Address R. s.. box 47, Call.
! <jt 1 000 W ,ANTED-y 8 INTEREST IN GOOD
I «jp x \j\.'\j gold-mining claim: money to haul the
I ore to be milled. l;-59 Stevensou at.; hoars. 7to
j 10 a. m., 6 to 7 p. u.
I Q^OO i^ OFFIt ' E business: cleared
! fD<jy\J $4500 last year: or will sell h:lf-lnterest
for $300. Address Opportunity, Call Office, Oak-
i land.
' XPRESS FURNITURE-MOVING WAGON
-Li and horses for sale: price $175. 1434 Jeckoa
i St., northeast corner.
j .
I "L^OR SALE-OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
I -I and house on account of sickness; cheap. 250
! Spear st.
I rpO RENT— OLD-£,STABLISHKD BUTCHER-
| •1 shop wi:h fixtures: a flue opening; see it. 813
■ Greenwich st.
I "L OR SALE-GROCERY AND SALOON;
! J. cheap; full stock on hand. Apply Call Office.
yOR SALE-GROCERY AND BAB; 3 ROOMS;
X reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and Dolores. ■
J-<OR GROCERY AND BAR: NOOPPO-
J aition; no agents. Inquire Call Office.
EXPP.ESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Sutter sts. J. c. Fredericks.
BEAUTIFUL SAN RAFAEL; THE OLD-US-
tablished CENTRAL JiOTp.L for sale on ac-
j count of death: rare cnance. Apply to proprietor.
/GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
vT rooms; kept by'present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett st.
HE.VIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILLMORB
St., for sale; «150: trial given; cause disagree-
ment of partners; see the cook. T\TZ'
piGAR- STAND AND LAUNDRY OFFICEr
\J good location; low rent. 210 Gran: ave. {
/^iLD-LSTABLISHED CANDY ROUTE AND
\J wason. Address L. PFEN NINGER, 28 Page.
Bi'.ANCH BAKERY WITH OUTBIDS cus-
tomers for sale. Cor. Bush and Pierce sts.
rpO TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY A
i. good merchant tailoring business, with or with-
out goods and trimmings on band, or half Interest
for a go*ii cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of sill-
ing. Owner con be seen from 10 to ■_• o'clock, sun-
day, February 8, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
OKO£» MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— U— .U want ads taken lor The Call.
<2>V>nn BUYB HOTEL AND BAR; RENT"
*$)£Yjyj . $12. 2521 Twenty-xourih st., near
Potrero ave. ; car stops.
■LU-nE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
X business: one block from Market. 15 Grant ave.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
■XJ ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gale ave.
TVTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY 1
XI close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
OOQ HAYES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
*J%JO Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
P,^£ APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-TUB
y WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tha
L nited States or Canada one rear for SI 50, post-
age free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
Ofl- ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
«JV 22-room house, only $ 400
27-room house $700! 22-room house... $500
lL'-room bouse.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
65 rooms, cor... 8,000 14 rms on Sutter. 70(J
11 rs., must sell 20. ' 66 rms, best .3,500
H. C. DECK 1020 Market st... opp. Fifth.
FUBNITUBE FOR SALE.
AMONKY-RAISINO sALE-SO DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces.... *9 60
Solid oak dining chairs v; 75<J
4- room furniture outfit. $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 55c yard
SHIrIKK <fc &HIREK, 747 Market st. oppojlie
Grant ave. . I
Ann CARPKTS: CHAMBER SKis. (1,
(iUU stoves, *5: r"lor '»' $20: foldin«-b£"*
$10: bar outtiu. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Missi?,?
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods; new or goOA
new: cas.i or on time: open evenings.
FURNITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
FURXITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchanalse see BURP, 211 Larkln,
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAIU
XX by Indian.* Auction C0.1057 M»rket.opn.Jone«
f CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN^
Mgr. 88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH:
* » poor work send toSPAULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet-bfatlng Works, 35 3- 57 Tehamaat.; teL So. 41).
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 403
JA. Sutter; tel. Main 394. GtO. WALCOM.prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alter-
O . alion works. 40» McAllister, TeL Jessie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth ; tel. (south 36. Mackintosh <£ Co.
JE. MITCHELL. CARPET-C LEANING CO '
. 240 14th su ; cleaning So a yard. Tel. Mis. 74,
pARPE T-C LEAN ING. 3c; LAYING, 3c; RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Straltoo, 19 Bthsu
KLIN'S CARPET- BKATING WORKa.
\J 3i>3 Golden Gate Hve. Telephone East 126.
ATTORNEY S-AT-LAWJ i
ADVICE FRKE: IH VOKCE^ITwjTT^P *J t -
ialty: private; no fee without success probett».
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale de£is.
damages, etc.; private detective*: estab. 10 vears.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st
DVICE FKEE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVID&ON, 927 Market st.
R W k l^! 1 'ATTORNKY-aT-LAW.CHEO.V.
. icle building; advice free: lowfei-s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE: No CHARGE UNLESS SCO
cessfui. J. O. JfiFFKiiBB, 632 Market, rm.aa.HOUSES TO LET.
PLACES TO LET AN I: FOR SALE IN ALL
X pans of the city. PATTERSON & Co., 2
Valencia si. ;
*Q4O 1731 BROADWAY, NKAK GOUGH—B
<JPl\». rooms; every convenience: marine view.
W.AL) 'iK.S.iM, KJKCTKI): 93. SMITH,
J > collector, 14 McAllister st., rooms 10-11.
£>O/A 2814LAGUNA: HOUSE 8 ROOMS.
V—"- $1«— 1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
914-0833 Union; 4 rooms.
X ROOMS; f>S3B skccN'D ST.: 915 PER
0 month. Key at 530 :-econd st.
*7 ROOMS; 5378 SKCOND bT.; 917 PKR
♦ mouth. Key at 539 Second st.
5 ROOMS; NKW HOUSE: MODERN IM-
provements; 45 Federal s\; $15 per mouth to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 >econd su
HOUSES lu «K.NT JfUK VKKY LITTLK
money at BAiJUWtti lx^.^lMONli'4. iJ
. ivJomrornerv st.
.' • COTTAGES TO LET.
©"I C NICE COTTAGE; 5 HOoMS: BATH:
• «E>XU. sunny: yard; cellAr. Key 711 Treat ave.
"VTEWLY FURNISHED COZY COTTAGE, 6
-!■> rooms and bath; 520 Baker St.; rent $35 to
responsible party without children.
3T7J NEAT COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. 1703
«Jp 1 U. Turk sU. coruer acott.
5 -ROOM SUNNY COTTAGK: LARGK OAR-
den: chlcken-bousa; modern Improvements;
rout 916 60. 317 Clipper St., near Can ro.
(J7 AND 99: COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 KOOMS;
«Jp I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
bu, orG. 11. UMBSEN i. CO.. 14 Montgomery s;.
FLATS TO LET; \
RIGHT PAitTY-1 AN SELL A NKW
X cottage of 4 rooms and bath on t. rms of Jo(i
cash and balance monthly. 1-. M. LONG, a'Mt
Twenty-second st., coruer Mission. Ortice opeu
evenings after 7:30.
. Or HERMANN. COR. MAR -* »O- VAL-
— O encia— Flat; 6 rooms and Urge basemeaU
LAT OF 3 ROOMS TO LKT; i?10. 342 Mc-
Allister st.
(it.l 1 i KOIIJIS, LAROK YARD. 1017%
«3) 11 . Union St., bet. Jones and Leavenworsh. |
Q:\XV FLAT OF 4 Kl'OM-i AND BATH;
AT $13; no children. ii'O Turk St.. rear.
4 T^Tq OKARY— 6 SUNNY ROOMS; IN GOOD
T iJI O order: rent $18.
1 VEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 3176
±\ 25th,cor.Foisom. J. A. U LRICH, 4I Crocker bl.
SUNNY FLAT OF 5 KOOMS; KENT 920. 706
Lariin st.
LEGANTL-i FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
sunnv belt of the Mission: to a permanent,
respectable tenaut: the rent will only be $20 per
month. Apply to KiNG & HOkNBLOWER, at-
torneys- at-law, cor. Lark in and McAllister sis.
4-ROuM FLAT; FKDEKAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral St.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
aaonth. Key at 53& second st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
rooms. 98 to $16; see them. 523 Seventh st.
■ C£l Q AND 20: MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
«JIO rooms. 94 aud 96 belcher St., near S. end
Fill more.
*.-! 4 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
«Ipl*T. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth su, beu
• • Noe and Sanchez.
VLAIs 'lu jlt.^'l' Vutt VKKY LITTLE
X money at i:Ai-uWI-\ at liAiiJdUNi/o, xO
' jaontroiurry «i.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
.; ww _
.Bush Street.
/191 BUSH — FURNISHED OR UNFUR.
\JA.\. nished rooms; light housekeeping or board;
single $6.
Castro Street.
Vj'nK CASTRO, REAR- 3 NICE SUNNY
lui) hard-finished rooms, unfurnished; large
yard ; cheap. . , . ; ■:'■',■■
" •' Eddy Street.
m EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
rooms lor housekeeping; running waier,
bath, etc.: cheap
91 EDDY— I SUNNY REAR SUITE FOR
*<1C housekeeping, $11; also single, $5.
tills Street.
099 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
«j__ houseKe-pitij; and single rooms; reasonable
QQA ELLIS— 2 SMALL ROOMS FURNISHED
(OO\J for housekeeping; in lear; cheap.'
I F.f\Q ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I OxJO complete forhouseKeeping; 98 and 911.
\ i nth street.
Q1 A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
-0I *± keeping rooms; stove; closet; bath; no
■children: 910.
Harrison Street.
/TOO HARRISON, NEAR THIRD— 3 HOUSE-
IOO keeping rooms; rent $13.
Howard Street. '.
'.OTOr HOWARD — FOUR HOUSE KEEPING
--X — rooms: bath; stationary washtubs.
Lacuna Street.
Qf|A LAGT7NA, NE. CORNER OF McALLlS-
ijyf\J ter— Sunny noaiekeeping rooms, with or
without gas stove.
li in Da >trooi.
JO' MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
rtOO 6 unfurnished rooms: also cottage.
P. AC MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
■ UttU for housekeeping: large yard.
Mission Street.
nrrq MISSION-NEW furnished house-
COO keeping rooms; also single.
Montgomery Street.
CO7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
tl^.l until 9:3 o'clock: branch office or The
V all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
>»*loin:» Street.
£Ktr NATOMA-l SUITE HOUSKKEF.PING
• OtJO room?; 1 single room: rent 910, 94 month.
>in Hi Mreei.
1 9R I NINTH— GOOD FURNISHED ROOMS
1 —C2 for housekeenin?; single or double; rea-
sonable terms. -
P^;, Bags Street.
■\ 90 RUSS— 2 ROOMS JOB HOUSEKEEP-
AOO tng: cent reasonable.
tll.Hi .Street.
mA SIXTH, COR. MINNA— 3 OR 4 FINE
1 LiJ sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
II 94 SIXTH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
t, 1 •*- a rooms for houseKeepiOg; sniies and single
Third Street.
" QA>i THIRD- HOUSEKEEPING * SINGLE
OV/t: rooms: double beds; 95 and 96. . .<; .-<■>
T'/|9 TiJIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
-to rooms: complete; bath; gas; *2 50 week.
Webster Street. *
/71 I WEBSTER-SUITE OV ROOMS; PaR-
IX -l lors and kitchen; furnished or. unfur-
nished ; gas and bath.
. - "Welsh Street.
1 1 91 WKLCH. OFF FOURTH- 2 OK 3 NICK-
J-I^2 ly furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
BOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
QQ/f EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT PAR-
OO^r lor, neatly furnished; rent reasonable.
l*-\ Q EDDY— KI.KOAST PARLOR FLOOR;
"UJ.O nnturnished; bath; hot and cold water;
good location.
fi.Q9 EDDY — FUP.NISHED OR UNFUR-
''Oi nUhed parlor suite: a so single; gas; bath.
Jfc.lll* Street.
ROYAL HOUBB, 126 ELLIS — INCANDK3-
cent lights in every room; read I nc- room, con-
taining dally papers: smoking-room and ladles'
.parlor; opeu all nl;Ut: rooms per night. 35c to
91 60: week, 92 to 98: month. 98 to 930: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
cow ready -.hot and cold water In each room; baths.
rpHE KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. ATE a
Xll ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <t cold water.
Jo un ny boom with closet; asm of
W> bath; rent. 96. 721 Ellis sU
\ I if tb. street.
rPHE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., »cor. Mission: rooms
60c,- 76c and 91 per bleat: 92 to 95 per week.
Franklin Street.
rt-I C FRANKLIN- 1 A KGB FRONT UNFUB-
Z.X O nished bay-window room. . -
. ' ' * - ' ■" ■' '* " 7 . .
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Eighth Street.
QHERMAN -APARTMKNT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Eleventh Street.
1 1 (\A 11TH— BAY-WINDOW FRONT ROOM
XX "J with grave; suitable for 2; 910 a month.
i-'ifth Siree..
QOX FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
OZt) k -eptng, 8, 3 1 r 4, 97 up; single 95.
i uikinn Street.
00/\ FOLSOM, NEAR FOUP.TH— FURNISH-
O— U ed rooms: $1 a week. ■ . ■
Golden «.:tt<- Avenue.
-i jrrvO GOLDEN GATE AVE. — FURNISHED
IOUt/ and unfurnished rooms: private family.
Hunt Street. *
,_jl HUNT ST., OFF THIRD— NICK, CLEAN
til. furnisned rooms; 50 cents a week and up.
<) one* street.
U— JONES— I LARGE AND 1 SMALL SUN NY
I room, neatly furnished; private: $B and 910.
. : /\7 .ipNKS— THK VAN WINKLE NEW
—U i management: elegant eunny suites and
angle: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 toC3O.
Ml JONKt — 2 CONNECTING ROOM^.SUITE
OH or single; 98 and $10: grate, gas and bath.
Kearny Street.
\ ISLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
J\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; Cm;
class in evert- respect; termi reasonable.
TVTtWAVKMIE HOUSK, 804 KEARNY ST.,
i.\ corner Jackson— single looms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rales per week or month.
Lurk in Strees.
A I 9 LARKIN — FLAT OF 0 ROOMS AND
*J. 1 — bath for respectable peoile only.
Muiket Street.
1 AOC MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
X UO«Jsutw»s or single, from $1 50 to 95 per wee*
XTUB3XXTE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PEK
X night, 936 to $1 : week, *1 50 to 96: families.
-I « 90 MARKET— LAKGK SUNNY UNFUR-
l~~OniKheu rooms; suitable for offices or
dressmaking parlors.
Mason street.
II MASON— FURNISHED ROOM IN PRI-
ll"r vate family: gas and bath: gentlemen.
Mission street.
TTANCOCK HOUSK, 7bl MISSION: SELECT
XX family rooming-house: $1 60 to 9t3 per week.
11 APC MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH— COM-
-1 I'll) fortable ruom; $3 and 94 a month.
Octavla Street.
1 iflQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— TWO CON-
I 'tfcV/O necting bay-window rooms or kitchen If
desired; $18.
Pacific Street.
f-iRAND OPENING, NEW FRANKLIN
T House, 321 Pacific— Kooms furnished or un-
furnished: day, weak or mouth. G. PINELLI,
Z iiINELLI, A. DONI;-ELLI.
1 owe 11 Street.
T\7 ILLISFORP — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
'» furnished rooms.
nil' POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: 1 LARGE,
.1 — sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
second Street.
37 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Silver Street.
QQ SILVER — LARGE SINGLE SUNNY
00 front room; reasonable.
Sixth StreeU
]Ql SIXTH- SUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
1 G2 rooms: reasonable.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET ..SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
OJO SIXTH— FRONT ROOM, WITH
— "i— fireplace: #6 per month.
{seventh Street.
"I AC) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE.
±~±~ pant furn. suites, kitchen; also single rooms
Sutter Street.
JO^SCTTER, Mi. POWELL — HAND-
tr — D nonneiy newly furnished light, sunny
rooms and ooices: bath: central; reasonable; ap-
predated If seen doctor. .. .
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR ST.— SINGLE ROOMS: 91
XUi/ and 91 25 per week.
Tenth Street.
1 r\Q TENTH— LARGE RAY-WINDOW SUN-
J.U'' ny room: running water: with bath; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; 910 per month.
1 bird street.
"I 7 TniKD (IMPERIAL) - NICELY FUR-
X i nlshed rooms: quiet house ; tourists specialty;
transient.
Valencia Street. -
■CQJI VALENCIA— ONE LARGE SUNNY
«JOtl2 front room, suitable for 2.
Vallejo Street.
I ('-\ 1 VALLEJO — URGE FRONT BAY-
I lull window room; furnished; suitable for 1
or 2 persons.
Ji !»<«' l.i lie
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Calx. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
1 — * " —^ — ~^
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
1 PL9A CALIFORNIA— ACCOM MO DAT lON
I *J£\t for 3 young men, with good board; terms
moderate.
71 9 POST-NICE SUNNY ROOM WITH
J 1- board, suitable for two young men.
997 GEARY— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS
— — i en suite or single; first-class table;, excel-
|i nt service.
HE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
X and Hyde— Newly fnrnisbed rooms: suite or
single; first-class board: terms reasonable.
Ql (\ BUSH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
Ol v board hi Spanish family.
.11 9 EDDY— LOVELY, SUNNY ROOM FOR
'1 L - a with board; 920 each; smaller room, 916.
O(l] LEAVENWORTH — t-UNNY CORNER:
01/l suites, single: ■ excellent table; rates mod.
~(V> van ness ave.— HANDSOME PAR-
UV/— lor sunny<6uite; board optional.
A A SIXTH ST.-THE MANCHESTER: ELE-
■l*l gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BBRTLINQ, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: redeem: all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKK ONE OR
X\> two children 10 board: terms reasonable. Ad-
dress G., box 10, Call office, Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
A BHTON A OARDI.V KK. 411 MONTGOMERY
TV st. — Basement 322 Montgomery ave., cor.
Vallejosu; good location for p umber: rent $15.
'-?9ft ** AC I I<V NEAR CORNER OF SAN-
*jmj some— Handsome large store; rent very
cheap.
SPACE SUITABLE FOR CANDY-STORE OR
0 barber-shop. Inquire at 915 Market su
I 771 ELLIS— SHOESTORE TO LET- BENT
it IX' cheap: established 10 years.
A If. FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
ttXU In rear: Sow renu Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery sU , . .
ARBEK-hHOP, WITH BATHS: ftSTAB-
X) lished 16 years: .'Vlb per month; key at 639
becond st.
carpenter-«hop; 97 per month. 6De Boom st. ■
key at 639 Second st. '
Pinm blcg-shop; $8 per month. 3 Do Boom St. ;
key at 639 Second »t.
Corner store, 531 becond su; 914 per month;
key at 539 Second su
T LOW BKNT— Uir" falUlUi AND
ba»amenu 324 Post su
OFFICES TO LET.
A i ')C\ BUTTER— HANDSOMELY FURNISHKD
T.—U light lariors and otni-ps for physicians or
dentists; central: reasonable; appreciated If seen.
1 CAO MARKET - NEW, L BllE, SONNY
i.O\J(J front ofli e-rooms: all modern.
PUOXOOIIAPiIEKS SUPPLIES.
AL. 1 AM ERA CO. ±lAB REMOVED TO 23
Geary St., near ' Kearny and Market. Latest
and best in photo goods.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL,I2OB MARKET. RES.
XJ 2664 25ta su ; dlaeasM of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
EDUCATIONAL.
I" UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
J and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PKA lICA.. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
th>* latest improvea methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc; SPKC/AL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil «u: elevator.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavla St., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA Mav KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. (Jflice days, Ttiurs. and Sat. p. 11.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: -0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
J\ Montgomery st. ; individual instruction la
eborthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. :
Hie scholarship 950: low rates per . week and mo.
QTAMMEKING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
-0 tlons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. R. S.DAVIS, 1608 Markeu
&1 p. COMPLETE COURSE. SHORTHAND
0 1 •'• and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening iastruc-
lion. 18161/3 Post su (
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 933 Market sU ; students trained: office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
TJI A NO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR,
1 banjo, 50c per lesson, MMK PHCENIX, 622 I
Clay 5... room v:0.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I El-BARTE
XJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.m. OL.VE HOFF-SCHUOI-.DEK, 269 Hyde su
BKLASCO'S LYCKU.M SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.u.0.F. block, 7th and MkU
1 iOOKKKEPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WXKK;*
X) year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TAKIt, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
"L^NGINEEKING SCHOOL: MECH.. ELEU.
Xll civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
tauKiiL;es.lB64. A. VAN DERNAILLIvN.723 Mkt
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call tak< n at branch oOioe, 339' Hayes si.;
open until :30 o'clock.
panish.fkench.etc:: Prof. DE FILIPPE'S
Academy cf Languages,32o Postst;estab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
"I BO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, Da.NO-
Xj ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
BANJO, PIANO, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 60c. 125 Tenth sU
PROF. L. RA KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN.
X mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
(^ 111TAR, MANDOLIN. i'IAXU AND VOCaI.
VX lessons. 93 mo. Mary Westhaus. 3» Fifth.
IJOOKKPNG, WKITNG. AKITHMTC. GRAMR.
1 >dav Anight: nocla<sp^: 95 month. 845 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium or modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are Interested In the affairs of Ufa;
if n.arriagp, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you; if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell blocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will sen! you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours a a. it. to Bp. if., strlcu N. B.— Sa.lsfactton
guaranteed by mall, send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket su. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
P.AC. 50c. 50a 50&
civ Remaining 2 weeks only: the famous, worl 1- i
renowned Miss Van de Vere will fort-tell your fu- j
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible :
luck lu love, courtship and marriage: business !
and mining Investments a specialty; positive proof I
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fifth su, room 1.
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good ; advice: sura
help; restores lost love by -sympathy; mintake Im- i
possible: fee 91: letter 92. 929 Post su, nr Larkln.
MM*-. LEONA RETURNED; CARDiiEADEK; <
i'l magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
A [ME. MOBBAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
XtX medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BKIST- KNOWN CLAIR.
ltl. voyaut in the city. Residence. 132 Turk su
\l ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
jM business advice: names given; 25c np.6 Fourth
AjISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlß-
XTlvoyaut, 51 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
VI ME. i EOMA. CARD-KEADEK; PAST,
I*l present ami future; 25c. 131 Fourth bu; sal-
isfaction guaranteed.
MK "SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures giv«n;ladlea Mm 814 u'>arreiL
MISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 50c. 766Va Howard.
Af ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
J-U clHs, 25c: gents, 50c. 961 Mission. Dr. 6th.
ME. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
JM. advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tebama, nr. 4th.
ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-RKADER;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6tb, r. 5.
CHITA RETURNED; WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138a Fourth st., room 4.
A LICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
jl\. healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flau ;
G*iPSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st. nr. Market; ladles 25c gents 60c.
SPIRITUALISM.
QQ7 MARKET ST.— MEETING TO-NIGHT;
'JO I speaking, tests; Mrs. Kate Hosklns. li. N.
Place, Meaa Hosklns.
MKS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUBS.,
Wed. and FrL, Vp. m.; trance dr., Mon. and
Frl. eve.,250; sittings daily. 326 McAllister st.
MMK. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations pi dully. 838 Mission.
VI ADAME I.KAY. THE WONDERFUL MAG-
-I'l netic healer, wants a few more patients. 142
venth st. , room 83.
T ADIES' AID CARD PARTY TO-NIGHT.
-Li 418 McAllister su: 10c.
DR. ADDIK SWAIN'S TKST SEANCK TO-
nlghtatSl Fifth st.: psychics welcome: 25c.
M^*S. MAYO-STEERS— TO-NIGHT,
8 o'clock, 25c; readings 91. 1 121^ Oak st.
MRS. hiLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS TO B, 91-
-1»A circles Tues, Fri.. 2p. It, 26c 233 Valencia.
MRS. H. A. GHIFKIN-CIR. SUN. EVE.; 25c:
i.»A parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve.: stgs. 426 % Grove.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium <t life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FKANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
■ writer. llßHalchtsU: hours 9 until 6 p it.
HYPNOTISM.
THE LIQUOR. MORPHINE AND CIGAR-
-1 ette habit, also nervous complaints, cured by
hypnotism. ProtT.A.Ki£NNEDY,l3o£ilis,r.23-30
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
success end. Hypnotic Mesmeric I ns,6 O'Farreil
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH, 97: WARRANTED^
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 ytars: fillings. 60c; crowns, *3 .0
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
THIRST-CLASS DISNTIBTKY; CHEAP; PA\-
X 1 able 91 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
"POSITIVKLY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
X UK. HARDING, 500 Sutter: tel. main 5376.
/-^HALIyANT St. CHALF ANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework a specialty.
CULION DENTAL ASsOCIA i lON, 806 MAtt-
\J ket st. DR. cHaKLK-. W. DECK UK.
ffl|7A BET FOR TKI£T«H— W AKB ANTED A3
0 • cood as can be made; tilling 91 DK fclii Mai,
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS r.XTIIACIIuN, 60c; CKUWX
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up; IV yean
experience. R. L. WaLHH, D.D. >.. 815% Geary.
1 R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
KT Oi-TKKi'U WlTiiUlH' A fi,Al^ lilt.
O H. U. Young, 1841 Polk su
K.J.J.Lfctn, 120(1 MAIIKKT, COK. GULDEN
Gate ave.; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
(>ROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAE-
\J keu beu 8d and 4lb: gas specialists; painleu
txtractlDg, with gas, $1; plates. 95 op: fill, 91 up.
DK. ohOXHii W. LEEK, THK UIINUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Unproved bridge work or teeia
without any plate, moved from 8 to 20 O'Farreil a.
LL WORK KKABONABLK • AND WAtt-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su^
HOTELS. ! :v;.v;
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
board and room 91 to (2 per day. 46 to 912
per week; . choice rooms 50 cents to 91; suite
rooms for family 91 to SI 50 per night; ' first-class
service; tree coach. CHAKLKs MONTGOMERY
HORSES.
.inHOKSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
fU buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 sixth sl : auction sales uvery Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN <fc DO> LK. Auciloneera.
a 'HE EMPORIUM BALKS YARDS. 220 VA.
lendi su, is the place to go If you want to bay.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every haturdav at 11 o'clock.
Cfk HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
O\J business from 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-
sl car stables. 1301 Turk; must be sold.
F.fk/\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: bugry.waeon. cans, surra/
arockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Cn HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HOUSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 86^ Howard Bt.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THH
*\ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TVTEW AND SECOND- HAND BAKER. LAUN-
■i.' dry and milk-wacon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. B*B Harrison st.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
""TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
need of trust, duly executed by KDuaR L. DOW,
party of the fint part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
HELL»ndTHAI)I)KI"» B. KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the second part and the SAN FRANCISCO
BAVINos U < lON, party of the third part, dated
I June 21st, 1892, and recorded la tha office of tbe
County Recorder of the 'county of Alameda. State
ot California, in liber 445 if deeds, at pages 429
and following, and In, pursuance of a resolution
rassed on the Iftth day of October. 189a by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FKaNCISO<»
SAVINGS UNION. » corporation, aud the holder
of the note (No. 11 7 6), to a>cure payment of
which the afores:ti<l deed of trust was executed,
declaring thai default had been ninde in tbe 1 ay-
meut of ihe principal sum ami oth«r sums due
undei said note and deed of trust, ant requesting
ana directin; aaiil HKNRY C. CAMPBEuL and
THaDDKUS B. KKNT, trustees, to sell the real
estate deaciibed therein to sutitfy said indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 26tb (lay of Fetruary. A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock ooon of that day, and at the auc lon
salesroom of Wm. . ". Diugee, Nos 460 and 462
J-ighlb street, lu the city of Oakland, coumy of
Alameda. atate of c alifornla, we will sell at pu blie
auct on. to the highest b.dder, for cash in coid coin
of tne United states, the piece or parcel of laud
situate in the township of Brook 3- n. county of
Alameda. State of Caliiornia, described as fol-
lows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Oranxe avenue, distant ihereou two hundred and
fifty (250) feet sou beriy from tbe southerly line
of East Tweniy-S'Venth street, and running
thence southerly along said 11 e of Oranse avenue
one hundred (100) feet: thence at right angles
westerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
exsteriy Hue of Sunn.vslde avenue; thence at
rUhi angles northerly alonf the last-named line
one hundred (.100) feet, and thence ai rlgh; angles
easterly one hundred and fifty ()60) feet to the
point of commencement:
Being lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twentv-
slx (26) In block numb< rone (1), at laid down ..uJ
delineated on the map entitled '-.Map No. 2of tie
Blasdei Trac;. Hast < aKlau.i Heights resubdl-
vid.-dJune. 18»0, W. F. Boardiuan. C. E.." tileJ
June 9, 1890. In the office of the County Recorder
oT said county of Alameda.
1 oftetuer with the api>urien*nces-
Terms 01 sale— Cash la go.d OMB of the United
States: ten per cent layab.e to the undersigned on
the fall of the bamnii r; balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so jiaid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then suld ten
per cent to be fjrfe.led *nd .he sale to be void.
Acts 01 sale at purchaser's expens».
HKNKY C. CAMPBELL,-!-
'IHADCMS B. KfcNT, /Trustees.
rpRUSTEES 1 SALE —IN ACCURDANcK
1 with the ternn aud under tbe authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARKIE
L. COOK (femmesole), party of .be firs: p.irt, to
HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDrXS B.
KKNT, trustees, parties of tbe second part, and
I the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINcS UNION,
i parly of tbe third par;, dated July 13tb,
i 1832, and recorded in the ofli.-? of the
j County Recorder of the county of Alameda,
j State of California, in liber 445 of deeds, at pages
! 461 and fol owing: and lu pursuance of a resolu-
tion passed ou tbe 28lh day of January, 1897. by
the Board of Directors of said SaN FRANCISCO
BAVI us UNIuN. a corporation, and tbe holder
of the note (No. 11.771), to secure payment of
which the uforesai<] deed of tru.it was executed,
declaring thai default tiaJ been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust and requesting
aud direi tine said HKNKY v. CaMPBuLI, and
THADDKUS B KENT, trust«*s. to s 11 the real
estate Described therein to s»t sfy said lndebted-
We, HENRY C. CAMPBKi.L and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY. li<e26tli day cf Febr ary. A. I». 1897,at
• 12 o'clock noon of tuat aav, and »t ihe » action
salesroom of Wm. J I'ingeo, Nos- 460 and 462
Eighth street, in the city of Oakland, ooaatf ot
Alamtda, State of California, we w. 11 sell u. itn>-
llc auction, to tbe high s bidder, for cash in god
coin of the Unaed Mates, the pieces or parce s of
land, situate in the town of terke.ey, county uf
Alameda, Stale of California, desenbtd as follows,
to wi. :
Lots numbers eight (8) and eleven (11) an laid
oo»n and deimeaie 1 onthu map eutluei -'Map of
Pera.ta Park, Berkeley, Alameda coun y, Cal.,"
fli»d March 24th, IKBB. in the office of me County
Recorder of said county of Alameda, and now of
record In liner 11 of maps at page 49, ai,d to
wnich map and the record thereof special refer-
ence is be. eov n ade for further or more particular
description, together with the appurienances.
Terms of sa e— Cash In gold coin of the United
States; ten per ceut payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance ou delivery of
detd: and If no. so paid, uuies* for wuni of title
(ten days leiug al.owpu for search), then said tea
per cent to oe forfeited and the gaie to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expen*e.
HK.NKY C. CAMPBKLL.I-., .„
TUADDKUa B. KKNT, / Trustees.
rnHUSTEKS' .SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
1 the terms and tinder the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by ANTONIO
SILVA. party of the first part, to HKNKY
C. CAMPBELL aud IHADDKUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part, and
the bAN FKANIISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated January
, 2, 1891, and recorded in the office of tha
• County Recorder of the oouuty of Tulare,
State of California, In liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pages 394 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 9ih day of January,
! 1897, by the boarl of directors of the BANK OF
VISaLIA, a corporation, and tbe bolder by assign-
ment of the note (No. 10,575). to secure
puy m-nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring tbat n fault had be n made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due unrier said note and deed of trust, and request-
Ing and directing said HKNKY c:. CAMPBELL
aud THADDEUs B. KKNT, trustees, to sell tbe
' real estate described therein 10 satisfy said in-
debtedness.
We, HKNKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B.KKN l, trustees, do hereby giv.- notice that on
; TUESDAY, the 9th day of February , A. D. 1897,
at 1- o'clock noou of that nay, anU ai the auction
' salesroom ot Kaston, hldridge A Co., 638 Market
street. In the city and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
' United states, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county of Kings, formerly part of the
county of Tulare, State of California described as
> follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system ot
■ surveys of the Government of the United states:
In township eighteen (18) comb range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of section thirteen (13), ihe southwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (SW. 1,4 of SW. Vt) and
the west half of ihe west halt of the fcoutheasl
quarter of the southwest quarter (W. J/b ot W.
i/g Ot SE. 14 of fsVV. 1/4).
Ot section twenty-lour (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the northwest quarter (NW. 14 of NW. 1^),
and the wesi half of tbe west half of ihe northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter (\V. Vfa of W. i*.»
! of NE. 1/4 of NW. i/4).
Comaiuing in all one hundred (100) acres of
land, more or less, together with, ihe appur-
tenances.
TERMS OP SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United states: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbe fail of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and If not so uald, unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the saie to be
' void. Acts of aale at purchaser's expense.
3IKNRY C. CAMPBELL,)-
THADDEUS B. KKNT, J T ">stees.
rpRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCwKL-ANCK rtlhi
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by JaMKS A
WAYMIKK. party of tbe nrsipar:, to HENRY c"
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B KKNT trust^
ees, parties of the second part, and THK SW
KRA.NCIBCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated March 29th, 1892, and recorded in
the office or the County Recorder ot the coun y of
Kern, .state of California, in liber 41 of deeds
at pages 124 aud following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pissed on the 21st day ot Jannan-
-1897, i>y the board of directors of said S\N
FKANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation
and the holder of the note (No. 11.552) toneenre
payment ot which tbe aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had be»n mane in
tbe payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec Ing said HKNRY C CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell tbe real estate described therein, to satisfy
said inaebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAY. the 23d day of Febnary, A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of tbat day, and at the auction sales-
room cf Kaoton, Elilrl-Jge <ft Co., No. 608 Market
street, in the City aid County 01 Ban Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for casii in gold coin of the
United States, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate In the county of Kern, State of California, de-
scribed a< follows, to wit:
According to the of&clal Plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township twentv-six (26) soutb. range
twenty-six (26) east, Mount Diablo base and
me Idian;
Of section thirteen (13), tbe whole and
Of se> tlon twenty-three (23), the whole;
In township twenty-s x (26) south, range
twenty-seven (27) east, Mount Diab.o base and
meridian:
Of section nineteen (19). the whole: and
of section thirty-one (31), the whole, together
with the appurtenan- es-
TERM* OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbe fall of tbe hammer; balance ou de-
livery of deed; and if cot so paid, unless for waut
of title (ten days be.ng allowed for search), then
said ten per rent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense,
HENRY C. IAMPBELI,!
■1 H ADDK OS B. KKNT. / Trustea*.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
T^OUR LOTS OO.NU.
Our Offer of last Sunday of 1 7 lots at $450, 95 a
month, sold 4 of them during the week: only 25
more days In which to bay at these terms:
95 A MONTH.
9450-LOTS IN THE HKYMAN TRACT— S4SO
$5 A MONTH. " \";
Choice Jots: 25x118; level and ready to build
on; situation superb, commanding a lin« view:
half a block to 22d-st- cars: 3 blocKS to Castro-st.
cars; good neigh borbcod; close to schools, stores,
etc. right in town, not away out of reach.
13 MORE LOTS!
23 MORE DAYS!
Taze 22d-sU cars to Hoffman ave., ask for James
A. CO.ter, who will show you around.
JACOB HEY MAN. Owner,
11 Montgomery st.
Q9')rn WORTH $4000- A VERY SOFT
«Jp*-»'«JU. snap for bargain-seekers: elegant 2-
story frame building: 2 flats, 6 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; bay-windows; hot and
cold wa er; stationary wasbstands: lot 24x125
feet; Diamond st . near lath: street work done;
only half block from cable and electric cars: only
20 minutes' rid« from ferry. CHAS. C. FISHER,
607 California s .
ffljl lAn HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; $1500,
Up -L L\J\). house of 8 rooms; 91500, cottage of a
rooms, within 15 minutes' walK of ferrirs: most
liberal terms. - F. A. BERLIN, room 416, safe De-
posit building. . -
$1 "I f\f\ FOR A 4-ROOM AND BATH COT-
IiUU tage with lot 25x100 on tha Mission-
su Electric line: 9150 cash, balance $12 per
month. W. W. RKDN ALL, builder, 2312 Market.
■ ©/innn FOR s ale or exchange.
O ttvUtf. New cottage on 23d ave. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bain: high basemeuc; brick
louudaiiou; bay windows; lot 62x160.
G. H. UMBSKN & CO.,
' 14 Montgomery st.
OR HALE UN EASY TERMS-MODERN
X 1 houses on Masonic ave. and Waller su: houaei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kltchoti and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take tiaight or Ellis street car,
i.ei. oft at Masonic *ve. : owner on premises. ■
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
\ LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
x\ District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of • Berkeley, 8 rom Oakland: 47 minutes from
San Francisco; lots SOxjOJ; from 9100 to $200;
Installments; send tor a map. UEORGE W.
HaIGHT. 220 Sansomest.. S. f.
:,^V PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EA HOUSES AND^^LOTsT I?K^m" V2OO TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
OXND tOH OUK LIST Of OKCHAKU 11O.MKS
O lor sale. \V< IOsTER it WHTTT' > >■'. Ban Ioi«.
—^—m —^—^^— i —^— i
PROPERTY WANTED.
TV"HAT HAVE YOU TO EXCHANGE FOR
'I equity In fine Oakland house ? Prefer ranch,
vacant locs or good mining stocks. C. MONROE,
24 Market si., >nn Franrisco. • -.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
• in S. F. , Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
QO( \(\ f\(\(\ AT 6V 2 PER CENT ON CITY
iJ)OUI/.UVV/ real estate : also Oakland ;estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil a building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at toe very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
A NY AMOUNT; IST. 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES.
-TV estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bat*; furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery su. room S.
A— PRIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, *09 Market.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no rem'.fil; no delays: no com missions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohne bldg. 1170 Market su
Q39^ nnfi aT RANK RATES: IST AND
ipu^v. \J\J\J 2d morteaces, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as tow as 950. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box ■», Call.
Qj -00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
O«-'erty: low rates, a. SCHILLEK, 420 Cala.su
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIHN 7 City Hall ave.
JOANb ON RKAL ESTATE; LOWEST KATE
j of 1 Merest. JAS.B.BI 214 Pine, r 58-59.
DKIVAIE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security; low Interest. H.D., box 160.C&11 Office.
ONEY TO LOAN ON HEAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine it., room 3.
(Jj-fV TO $50,000; LOWEST HA IK: IST & 2D
OO \J mortgage Hat or instlmnu Dry den, 635 Cat,
4 DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW EL.RY.KTC
< 'oinnihii Loan & lateral Office. 9 tyrant ave.
.FINANCIAL.
TVT ANTED TO BORROW 500 FROM PRI-
" vate party on good improved city croperty.
Address Money, box 47. Call Office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK .YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to makn the
selection; bargains for cash, instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an 1 $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
96,97, $8, 99 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Stelnway any
tlra» within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Steinway A- son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and butter st«., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle. ash.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
XV pianos: see our Ist for this week: pianos on
93. 94, 95, $t>. $7. $8. 99. «10. 915. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered tree anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCiiR Co.-
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
A BSOLUTELYTHEOLDKST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago is KOHLEK &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrett bl; pianos, or-
-1 fans and all other musical Instruments, of all
I grades and prices: terms easy; prices lowest:
I everything pos&tbl* doiurtopluue ma satisfy uid
customer.
HA INKS, BUSH * GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON.
successor to A. I. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUM' SKLL,
pianos at lmmeone reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
GOOD UPRIGHTS 9125, *150 AND 9175:
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market au
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT;
chexp. SCUMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next to
Hlbernla Bank.
Ann. A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
fJ\J. condition; $sinstallnits. 221 Leaven worth.
ORN UNO'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGER. SOLE A«-KNT HALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
© I f\fi A ' WALNUT UPKIGHT, STOOL,
gIUU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
A SHAW, STEINWAY 9250, CHICKERINQ
9185;great bargains. s4 ma HEINE, 136 EL'ts.
BYRON MAUZY, 30» POST ST SOHMEK,
N ewby & van Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD& NEW
jO H. MULLBR. maker, repairer. 2 ham place.
LOST.
OST— THURSDAY AFTERNOON, LADY'S
J • nmhrella handle, ivory chased with silver, go-
ing rjm Mission si. to sixth and .Market. Return
to 1044 Mission st. and receive reward.
LOST— SEVERAL MONTHS AGO, IN OR OUT
J J of the old Broadway Brewery, family photo-
graphs cf myself and children, a little boy taken
in Paris; also Paschal uraussau A suitable re-
ward wl 1 be paid on teturn to DR. KOSTj^R. 633
Broadway.
T> RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
X> su: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
XI that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m., at the Oiurthoiue in YnbaCity, But-
ter County, < al.. receive sealed proposal* for the
surrender of bonds issued on -Levee District No. 1
of butter County, according to an act of the Leg-
Is ature, approved April 9, lt«80. to the amount of
eight thousand five hundred ($8500) dollars. No
bids above par will be accepted. AH bonds must
accompany the bids. I- J. 1 urr,
. • Treasurer of Butter County, Cal.
YubaClty, February 1, 1897. ... - -
STORAGE. .
"DEDUCKD RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
IX household goods, eta' J. M PIERCE, 735 Mku
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advance* made. SIX '-^r't'n.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
PRODUCTIVE VINEYARD: RARE BAR-
X pain; would exchange. Koom 70, Columbian
building.
BARGAIN— 25 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables. $25 per acre;
83 acrps rich soil. 4 flowing springs, $35 per acre,
near Pleasantou, Alameda County, call or write,
69 Columbian building.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
±J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Q9fi PKR MONTH INSTALLMENTS; ONLY
•IT 1 —" f5O down; 6-room modern house; lot 28x
100; Thirty-ninth st., Oakland/ See C K. KING.
902 Broadway, Oakland.
G« i fJA cash AND $15 PER osiu will
<35XUv secure modern 5-room cottage and barn
on large lot: beauti lul gaiden: Fruiivale: price
*1250 If taken soon: cost $1750. SAMUEL &
K.NUWLES, 481 Ninth su, Oakland. .
9nn7\ SPLENDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
— \J\J\J. rooms; lot 40x128: s.reet complete;
lawn in front: tine barn and gravel driveway.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninih St.. Oakland.
! <^7,^TO $lf3o FOR CHOICE BUILDING
<P • '> lots In the town of jntchburg; a new sta-
tion established near . Oaklaud, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 46 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
tw minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner, \>lo\-* Washington su,
Oakland, CaL
'
<]P.n LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<U? ±O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only «1 down
Bndslaweek; selling fast: pood improvements.
H. B. PI.NSKY owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
VEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
Xi room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with own- home. Address G., box 10, Call Office,
Oakland.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA. BJKAL ESTATE.
GO SEE THESE TO-DAY; YOUR TERMS
are ours: own your home.
Grand bargain: $«250; handsome cottage, 8
rooms and bath; Just completed; latest design;
brick mantel: open plumbing; corner lot, BOxluO.
$2750— Artistic cottage; 6 rooms and batn ; all
latest improvements: large lot, 57 feet frontage:
close to Grand-Rtreet station; your terms are ours.
$250'— Handsome new colonial cottage; & rooms
and ah; a little gem.
MARC USE & hEMMEI, Bay-street station
(nroadgauge). Alameda; tiv.'B Market St., S. F. ;
oil! open >und*ys and holidays.
4 LOTS: 50x150 EACH: NORTH SIDE OF
ban Jose ave.. bet. Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an offer wanted. I. F. BAIRD, 130 a
Park St., Alameda.
L ARGAINS-S3O Pi RFOOT;LOTB ON NORTH
i) aide San Antonio ave., near Grand st.
•1250—50x150; fan Jos* ave., nr. Willow at.
$1750— 50x150. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; north side of street: must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
\. .- 1500 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
\TKW J fKROOM COTTAGE: MANTEL, BATH,
i-i Dantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
chicken-house; fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
si»tlon: lot 40x100: $1600. W. C MORAN,
Lorin, or F. BOKGLE. Golden Gate.
LEGAL NOTICES. .-«.'
NOTICE Oi' EXECUTRIX'S SALE OF BAAL
•>■" Estate— Notice is hereby given that, pursuant
to an order of the Superior Court of the State of
California in and tor the county of Los Angeles,
duly given, made and entered on the 12th day of
May, A. I). 1896, and an order duly given, made
ami entered therein on the 3«th day of January.
1897. shortening time ot notice, In the matter of
the estate of CHARLES N. HASSON, deceased,
No. 1143 of the files and records of said court, the
undersigned, MARION E. HassON. as execu-
trix of the last will and testament of said
CHARLES N. HASSON. deceased, will, on or
attt-r the lllh day of February, A. D. 1897, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
to the faighes. and best bidder ail. the right, title
and Interest which said CHARLES N. HasSON,
deceased, had at the time of bis death and whicn
said estate has acquired In and to thai certain real
proper. situate lu the City and County of san
Francisco, State of California, and described a*
follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant thren hundred and fifty-
five (355) feet sou hwesterly from the southwest-
erly line of Fourth street, running tnenc* south-
westerly along said line of Howard street, lorty-
five (45) feet, hence southeasterly parallel with
Fourth street, eUhtv-five (85) feel, thence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street, forty-five
(45) feet, thence northwesterly eighty-five (85)
Met to the point of commencement, being a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of said lily
and County. * '
And also that certain real jirouen • situate in
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los Angeles,
Slate of Callfur la. described as follows, to wit:
Lot nineteen (19), block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Angeies.
Lot twenty (20) In b ock two (2), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of hot Ange es.
Lot twenty-two (22), block two ( . ), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of Los Anceles.
And also the northerly sixty (60) feet of lot
three (3;. block seventeen (17), Ord's survey of
the ci.y of Los Angeles, county of Los An-
geles, Slate of California, and being the north-
erly half of said lot 3, now being the property
of the estate of sate CHAitLKs N. HAS -ON,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant to said order, and the same will be sold in
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of said lots,
parcels or tracts.
The terms of said sale will be cash iu lawful
money ot the United Mates on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof in cash on confirmation
of sale, one-tbird on or before six months, and one-
third on or btfore twelvemonths trom th • date of
sate, all defeirtd payments to be secured by note
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the real estate sold, and to
bear interest at the rate Of 9 per cent per annum
thai offers or bds In writing will be received by
i he undersigned at the office of Walter Rose, Esq.,
entrance room 2, 288 W. First st., Redick b oc.i,
city of i os Angeles, county of Los Angeles, state
of California, or Messrs. Eastou, Eldrldge & Co..
638 Market st., San Francisco, Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property, and said bids may be left
with Walter Rose, Esq., Messrs. Easton, Eldriage
A Co. or the undersigned, nt 631 South Spring su.
in the city of Los Angeles. Cal.
Dated this 30th day of January, A. D. 1897.
MARION E. HAS&ON,
Executrix of the last will and testament of
CHARLES N. HASBON, deceased. -
Walter Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, Redlck block,
Los Ang leg, CaL, attorney for executrix, or Eas-
ton. Eldridge A Co.. 638 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, or I*l South Broadway, Los Angeiea.
Dated February 2, 1897.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Thn following marriage licenses have bee a
issued by the County Clerk's office;
Jonas M. Leall and Sophie Hertz. 28—18.
A. Zierenbt and Catherine von Fangen.3B— 37.
Mlcha«l Lynch and Mary Casey, 30—23.
J. W. Bevisand Margaret C. McLean, 29—21.
G. 11. Harris and Clara B. Penefield, 22— 24.
George P. Perich and Annie L. Burke, 22— 51."
Leon F Douglass and Victoria Adams. 27—21.
Mlohelo Fabriso ana SaveriaMacchlorla.4l— 60.
A. Ferrazslni and Ma«daieaaC«:aochlni, 28—29.
Neville H. Castle and Mar/ C. Scott, S3—
W. A. Daggelt and i arra L. Sheldon, 27—19.
William Rielz and Annie Hughes. 22—
William H. Jones and Florence L. Scott. 27—
Louis B. Bets and Friena V. <'ecbslin. 89—19.
B ißTllii — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
KOICX.
CUMMINS- February 8,1897, to the wife of Ed
A. Cummins, a son.
EDWARDS— In Oakland. January 25.1897, toth«
wife of Ambrose F. Edwards, a daughter.
MEYER— In Stockton, January 16, 1887, to the
wife of Louis Meyer, a daughter.
NAFTALY - February 4, 1897, to the wife of
Asher Naftaly, a daughter.
P ATT I SON— February 4. 1897, to the wife of
<4eori;e Pat' Hon. anon.
UAKK.^I).
SHELDON— In this city, February
it. 1897. ty the Rev. Dr. E. R. DUle. W. A. Da/
«e. i of ban Francisco and Carra L. Bheidonot
Portland, or.
P 9 lt 1 «a^ ON ~ WINTERS - In this city, February
3, 1897, by Justice of the Peace John A. Carrol!
Jouu D. Fergns-in and Cleoiaa Winters.
PERICH— — February 3, 1897. George
Perich and Annie Burke, ooth of San Francisco.
IUEI>.
Bacome, Catherine Muncey, Joe B.
.brush, George A. Koy, George E.
Braun, Hugo Schad, George H. Jr.
Chenot, Catherine Schaefer. utimer D. ■
Dockery, Rev. H. O. Sea mid I, My rile
Doniry. J. c. Sheridan, Theresa
Goldsmith, Koslna Stone,- Lewis C.
Hougham, Bridget Sullivan, Daniel J.
Jorgeusen, Nl.es Tuomford, Henry A.
Kan. man, Charles fl. Tus in. William T.
Lin-.lai.er. Jaboo ' Tyson, Winifred
Leonard, Bridget Van Bergeu, a. 11. W.
McCiuskey, Elizabeth Vo?el, Mary
Molk. John H. Woesc, Charles L.
BACOMK- In tnls city, February 3. 1897, Cath-
; erine, beloved wife of William, Baouiae, and
mother of the late John Bacome, and mother-
in-law of Mm. Mattle,, Bacome, and aunt of
Lawrence Fitzgerald and Mrs. p. Carl yon, and
sister-in-law of Mrs. Robert Alexander, a native
of the parish of Thurles, County 'J'ipperary, Ire-
land. a«ed 62 years and IX months. . . -
«3~Frienda and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence. LbUi/j Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:0 o'cloo* A.X. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BRUSH— In this city, February 2. 1897. George
A., beloved husband of Louisa C £rusn, and
father of lliiam Howard, Hazel, Evelyn and
Florence Louise Brush, a native of England,
aged 50 years 5 months and 23 days, boston
papers please copy.J ;. ;: . ■ .
JK9*i-'riends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (I rid ay), at 11
o'clock a. m., from hu late residence, 4028
Twenty-sixth street, near Sanchez. Interment
L a O. F. Cemetery.
BRAUN— In this city, February 2. 1897. Hugo
Braua. a native of Berlin, Germany, ago4 69
year* 10 mouths and 18 days.
43TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
■ (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors Of Theoaor i>ie.ri£s. 957 Mission street.
where the funeral services will be held, under
the auspices or Ger mania Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHENOT— In this city, February 3, 1897. Cath-
erine, beloved mother of Eugene E. Cbenot,
aged 64 years.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of ' Halsted & Co., 946 Allssion street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DOCKERY— In this city, February 8. 1897. Rev.
H. G. Dockery, beloved son of James and the
late Jane Dockeiy, brother. of James P. aud
Margaret T. Dockery and Mrs. Charles Ronecker,
a naiive of California, a;ed 36 years 9 months
and 16 days. [Los Angeles and New Orleans
papers please copy.J
49~i'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a solemn requiem high
• mass for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. k., THIS DAY (rnday). at
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore streets.
Interment Los Angeles Cemetery. : »:.
DONLEY— In this city, February 3. 1897, J. C.
Donley, a native Of Pennsylvania, aged 58 years.
S3' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the inneral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from I. 0.0. F. Hall,
Seventh and Market streets, under the auspices
of the 1. O. O. F. Board of Relief. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GOLDSMITH— In this city, February 4, 1897,
Rosina Goldsmith, beloved mother or Mrs. J. L.
Cert and Moses, Lewis and Helen Goldsmith, a
native of France, aged 57 years,
HOUGHAM— In Oakland, February 2, 1897, at
her home, 379 Fifth street, Bridget Hougham,
beloved wife of H. D. Hongham, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 75 years.
as*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full.- Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the Church
of the Immaculate Conception.
JORQENHEN— In this city, February 4, 1897
Nii<>s. beloved husband of Josephine- Jorgensen,
and brother of Mr*. Hansen of Saratoga, Cal.,
and Mrs. J. Paulsen of Paso RODles, Cal., a na-
tive of Germany, aged 34 years 7 months and
6 days.
A3" Not of funeral hereafter.
KAUFMAN— In Los Angeles. February 4, 1897,
Charles H. Kaufman, a native of New York,
resident of San Francisco.
J63-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), from Third and Townsend street, by
11:30 o'clock a.m. train. Interment private.
Home of Peace Cemetery.
LINK LATER— In Berkeley, February 3, 1897,
Jacob Llnklater, a native of Edinburgh, Scot-
land, aged 51 ye*« and 27 days.
43-Funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 'i
o'clock p. it. , from hit late residence. Members
of Yerba Buena Lod«e No. 1788, K. of IL, are
rpqucstedjtfp attend the funeral of Brother Link-
later as p. : abjve notice.
■>ti R. H. NOBLE. Reporter.
LEONARD— In this city. February 4, 18H7.
Bridget Leoaard, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years.
McCLUSKEY— In this city, February 4. 1897
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Dennis McCluskey.
and mother of Susie, John. James and Edward
McClusker ana Mrs. John T. Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland.
j£7~N otice of funeral nereaftar.
MOLK— Alameda, February. 3. 1897.. John
Henry, dearly beloved son ot Mrs. Marga.-etta
and the late John Henry Molk, and browner of
Mrs. Annie Toll, a native of san Frauclsco, aged
34 vears 4 months and 12 days. ,
JK9"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
February 7. at 10 o'clock a. m., from hit late
residence, corner St. Charles and san Antonio
streets, near hucinal station. Alameda, thence
by 12 M. creek boat to Native Cons' Hail. 414
Masou stree.. where services will be held at 1: Is
o'clock p. m., under the ausplres of San Frau-
. cisco Parlor. No. 49, N. & U. W. Interment
L O. O. F. Cemetery.
MUNCEV— In this city, February 2, 1897, Joe
Jblnghata Muncav, a native of Halifax, N. 8 ,
aged 82 yean ana 6 months.
BOY— In this cat/, February 4. 1597. George E.,
beloved husband of Julia A. Roy, and father ot
Susie, George. Alexander and Fannie Roy, a na-
tive of &t. Louis, Mo., aged to years and 8
months.
SCHAD— In Angels, Cat., January 21, 1897,
George H. Jr., Infant sou of Mr. and Mrs. George
H. bchad, aged 3 months and 6 days.
SCHAEFEK— this city, February 4. 1897. Ott-
mer Doug at*, beloved son of aubus; aud Mary
E. Schaefer, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 6 months.
SCHMIDT— In this city, February 1897, Myr-
tle, youngest and beloved daughter of Martin
and Adeline Schmidt, and sister of Albert
Schmidt, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
3 months and 15 days.
SHERIDAN— In this city, February 4, 1897,
Theresa, beloved wife of James Sheridan, a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged "Jb years.
' 49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-.MORKOW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence, 1217 Devisadero street, thence to .Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn bigu mass will
be celebrated for the repose or her sojl Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STONE— Lewis Charles Stone, born at Water-
town. N. Y.. Auguit 19, 1829: died ac Gridley,
Cal.. February 2, 1b97.
aS-The funeral will take olaoe THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew A English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
SULLTVaN— In Towles, Placer County. February
3, 1897, Daniel J., beloved bOßbund or Julia
Sullivan, father of Jerry j., Daniel, jKdward and
John F. Sullivan, and brother of John J. and
Jerry Sullivan, Mrs. John O'Neil ana Mrs. Fen-
ton of lowa, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 51 ytn.it. [Boston (Mass.) papers please
copy]
83"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of bis brother- John o'.s'eil. 3-163
Seventeenth street, thence to Mlsjiou i-olorea
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will oi
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
THOMFORD— In Hay-wards, February S, 1897,
Henry A., beloved husband of Marie rhomford,
and father of Henry, John and George Thorn-
ford, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 89
years 9 months and 29 days.
4S*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from congrega-
tional Church, Hay ward a. Interment San
Lorenzo.
TUSTIN— In this city, February 4, 1897, William
Isaac Tustln. beloved father of Fernando Tus-
tin and Mrs. Martha Patton, a native of Lees-
burg, Va, aged 76 years 1 month and 15 days.
TYSON— In Alameda, February 3, 1897. Wini-
fred, beloved wife of James Tyson, and daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs- Samuel liatleit, aged 21
yearn 9 months and 7 days
Friends are respectfully invited to atttnl
I • the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
11 o'clock a. ic, at the residence of her parents,
I 1540 Central avenue, corner of Paru street.
| Alameda. Interment private, Mountain View
I Cemetery.
Vas BE RGEN-In this city, Febrnary 4, 1897,
August H. W., dearly beloved husband of Mar-
gam hi Van Bcreen. and father' of Emma,
Harry and Lily Van Bergen, a native of Ger-
many, aged 69 years 9 months and la days. A
member of Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and A.
SI.. California Lodge No. 1, L a O. F., and Pa-
cific Council No. 8, O. C. F.
jj^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 7-:0 Capp street, between Twenty-
second and Tweuijr-tiiird. interment Mason'io
Cemetery.
VOGEL— In this cUv. February 4,1897. Mary, be-
v loved wife of the lat« J icon Vogel, an* mother
of August and Louis Vozel and Mrs. John J.
C'O'iion, a native of Baden. Germany, aged (JO
jear* 8 months and 11 days. ' ■
«s~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
. residence, . 40tJ6 Nineteenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOEST— In this city, February 1. 1897, Charles
Louis Woest, a native of Germany, aged 44
years. .
T MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALHKB3,
10 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone 3080. '•
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTN2R & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers.
S and 10 CITY HALL AKJS.
Telephone South 432. '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETEEV ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial plats and graves in its cemetery and
give deeds. ■
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office at . the cemetery, cornet
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CBM&
tery to the city; Don-sectarian; la no seas* ax-
dative; location unexcelled. OQlce Wl 11*****
«r»et, «ouUis»st coraar of utiUk. • ."". .
1314
THEY'RE FOR
CUBA LIBRE
Members of the Grand
Army Speak Out in the
Cause of Freedom.
THIS COUNTRY SHOULD
LEND SUPPORT.
Department Ccmmander Mastel
lar Would Serve on the
Committee.
ASSISTANT ADJUTANT - GIN
ERAL WOULD, TOO.
Others Suggested for Consideration by
Mayor Fhelan as Material for the
Lccal Branch of the L ague
Department Commander of the Grand
Army T. C. Mastellar is in full sympathy
with the movement to establish in this
City a branch of the Cuban League of the
United States of America.
He says that among Americans there
can be but one sentiment in this matter
and that stands for Cuba Libre.
The department commander fei in the
City la»t evening and attended the meet
ins of Lincoln Post at Native Sons' Hall.
He had heard of the action of the execu
tive committee of the Cnbr.n League at
New York in addressing Mayor Phelan on
ihe subject and expressed himself as quite
ready to lend what assistance he couid in
the matter.
Assistant Adjutant-General Robinson
also spoke out without reservation on the
subject. He he wotild"*h *♦ only lie
willing to suggest names for tf; commit
tee, but, the question being put to him,
said he would he willing to serve on such
committee himself. "I stand pat on that
question," he said. "I am in tavor of free
Cuba and would be glad to do what I
could on the lines of the Cuban League as
I understand iheni."
Mayor Phelan went to Sacramento yes
terday and therefore took no action in the
Cuban League matter. The expected let
ter from the secretary oi the league ar
rived in the morning's mail. The letter
is brief and businesslike. It reads as fol
lows:
The Cuban League of the United States of
America. Colonel Eihan Allen, president,
115 Broadway. Charles H. Deuison Esq.,
treasurer, Potter building, 38 Pfirk Row,
New YurK. Fmutis Wayland Ulen Esq.,
secretary.
New York City. Jan. 22, 1897.
Hon. James I>. Phelan. San Francisco, CV .—
Dear Sib: Will you kindly send us from
among your prominent citizms the names for
a commif.ee of such number an yon may
think best to organize in your city a branch of
the Cuban League of the United btates? In
naming them, please put first ou the list the
name oi the person you suggest bs chairman,
and last an active, earnest young man for
secretary.
We also Inclose you the address and resolu
tions adopted at a public meeting in mis city.
Very truiy yours, FRAXCTI W. (Jlf.n.
Before leaving the Mayor said lip would
select these names very carefully and
would probably seek the advice of others,
especially those who had been active in
the cause, in order to be certain of secur
ing the proper material. He will there
fore probably not reply to the letter for
some days.
In speaking of the matter last evening
Commander Mastellar said :
"I am in iavor of rendering: all the sup
port to the Cuban patriots thai may be
prop-rly done. I have a prejudice aeainst
takine up arms, to be sure, but I believe
that all the weight of moral .support that
could be (riven by th:s country should be
civen. I believe the members of the
Grand Army wili be found to feel the same
way from one end of it to the other.
There are many men prominent in affuirs
generally, as well as in the Grand Arm}',
whom I mi. .'lit name who would give
strength to such a committee.
"Who are they ? Well, there ia Colonel
C. Mason Kinne and Charles E. Wilson
and J. C. Currier and J .hn Whiteside and
J. G. Gicsting and Major W. B. Hooper of
ihe Occidental Hotel and General T. H.
Goodman and Colonel A. D. Cutler and
George H. Robinson and Sol Conen and
Colonel George Stone, president of the
Union Leasue Club, and— well, many
others. To be sure, I have not consulted
any of these men, but I believe they are
all prompted by the same l'eelings as my
self. I sympathize heartily with the Cu
bans in their struggle, and believe that the
moral support of this Government should
be given them in their right for freedom."
Assistant Adjutant-General Robinson
was also at the meeting of Lincoln Post.
Spoken to about the matter he said
frankly: "I would, of" course, be willing
to serve on a committee to form a branch
of the Cuban League in this City. lam
heartily in sympathy with the Cubans in
their struggle. Yes, you may say that I
stand pai on that proposition."
This voiced the sentiment of all the old
aoldiers snoken to at the po«t meeting.
JUNIOR ORDER DAY.
Programme of the Celebration to Be
Held In Xhii City on the Evening
of the 2«d.
The committee of arrangements having
charee of the celebration of the Junior
Order of American Mechanics' day, which
falls on the anniversary of Washington's
birthday, held a meeting in Shiels build
ing last Wednesday night, and John
Klien, chairman, and Calvin Ewing re
ceived the reports of the several sub-com
mittees. These show an unusual enthu
siasm in the work, and it is an evidence
that the celebration will be a memorable
one.
The Daughters of Liberty, who have
charge of the celebration to be held in this
City in the evening, reported good success
in the sale of tickets, and they declared
that all who attend the entertainment and
dance in Golden Gaie Hall will have an
opportunity to taste Martha Washington
cake and Mollie Pitcher coffee. The pro
gramme decided upon is as follows: A
thirty-minute address on the life of
George Washington; song, "America," by
the audience; a comedy presented by the
btarr King Dramatic Club; song, "Flag of
Liberty"; comic duet, by Junior brothers,
and then dancing.
From Oakland came a report that
"Grand Marshal Henry P. Dalton is work
ing like a Trojan to the end that the cele
bration may be a complete success." Ii
was announced that the National Guard,
tiie Venetian Fire Company, uniformed
fraternal societies, the Uniiorm Rank of
the Juniors, the American Home Guard
and the Daughters of Liberty will take a
place in lino during the parade. Boys of
the public schools wlii parade with Wash
ington hatchets and the schoolgirls with
American flats.
Rich goldnelds have just been discovered
by Government surveyors on the east
const of Siberia, bordering on the sea of
Okhotsk.
BLACKMAIL-THE "EXAMINER" COAT OF ARMS.
MR. GOODMAN WILL
SEE ABOUT RATES
Not in a Hurry to Cut for
Men Who Will Go to
Nevada.
Looks Upon Talk of Thousands
From the East as a Sort
of "Jolly."
He Will Fmallv Decide Ab ut the
Rites for the Fight When Stiurt
Gets Here
Relative to the fixine of a rate from the
East and coast to the Corbett-Fitzsim
mons fight in Nevada General Passenger
Agent Goodman of the Southern Pacific
said yesterday that nothing would be
done until Stuart arrived here. Stuart
left Dallas on Wednesday for Carson.
He will be a day or two in Nevada and
then is expected to come direct to San
Francisco.
Mr. Goodman rather deprecated the
talk that had been made regarding the
great crowd alleged to be getting ready to
come from the East to witness the battle.
'•Some of these people have been send
ing us telegrams, making great claims
and wanting low rates," he said. "One
of these dispatches said 15,000 people
would come h re. Such talk is being
made by people who know nothing of the
conditions.
"I asked how these people were going
to jtet there. They can't all go in a day,
and they won't start three or four dnys
ahead. They'll say they haven't time to
take from business that way, and they
won't have.
"The fact is there won't be 5000 people,
let alone 15,000, who will come from the
East. How would even that many cet to
Reno or Carson in a day and be cared for?
All the hotels and restaurants couldn't
accommodate them. But besides the
Eastern people, look at those wno would
attend from different places In Nevada
and from here and otuer places on the
Pacific Coast."
Mr. Woodman intimated be did not be
lieve over 500 or 600 persons would come
from the East to see the battle. The bie
crowd he thought would be local and
irom the coast. Talking farther of the
rate from the East, he said:
"We have been thinking of giving our
regular round-trip rate, good for months,
or something like that. Holders could
come and see the comest and then come
on to the coast and stay as Jong as they
liked. The round-trip rate from Chicago,
good for that length of time, ib $110- How
ever, we shall see when Stuart sets nere
what we will do. We do not know yet
which town the fight will be held at nor
what it is intended to charge for tickets to
the fignt.
"When we know these details we can
figure more definitely. No, I don't think
the matter of the passenger rates will
come before the Transcontinental Asso
ciation. There is no meeting between this
and the fight, anyway."
Mr. Goodman was considerably amused
at the cartoon in The Call yesterday, re
pubiiahed from a l'itisbur« paper, nnd
representing the Eastern idea of the Ne
vada Legislature, and portraying the leg
islators heavily equipped with revolvers,
shotguns, boxing-gloves, and fierce mus
taches and long hair. He said it very
fairly represented the Eastern idea of
most of the Legislatures in the West,
AT THE CAMERA OLUB.
Professor Lance Continued His Remarks
<>n Photography.
Last evening the California Camera
Club had its regular semi-monthly demon
stration. Professor O. V. Lange contin
ued his remarks on modeling negatives in
order to give artistic effects in photog
raphy. The demonstration of ten days
ago was in the minds of the members and
the result was a very large and enthusias
tic audience.
Mr. Lange enlarged upon his plan of
printing from broken negatives and also
upon toe multiple printing orcombina
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1897.
tion printing from several different nega
tives. Tnree different negatives were
u*ed to produce a picture of Tamalpaia.
The mountain itself was from one tie a
tive. The foreground had been accidentally
broken ana the foreground from another
negative was taken, while ttie clouds were
from still another, the whole producing a
very beautiful result.
A great number of prints were shown,
demonstrating the fact that with a little
practice even an amateur can eliminate
certain objects from the resulting print
and put others in their stead, in order to
produce effects not obtained in the origi
nal.
One in particular spoken of by Mr.
Lance was a photograph of an engine in
San Francisco, and by combination print
ing placing that engine in it? position in
the nails of Stanford University.
POR THE OEPHANAGE.
A New Organization of O«I<1 I ..llcim,
Helps the l'armtleim < li ildrou.
The Ridgley Social Club, composed ex
clusively of Odd Fellows, having passed
out of existence, some who were promi
nent in it organized tne California Violet
•Sj' ial Club, with Victor Aaron as president,
P. J. Millet and A. W. Turpin vice-presi
dents, A. Hovey treasurer and F. W. Jae
ger secretary. The membership is to be
confined to members of the subordinate
lodges of Odd Fellows, of the Rebekah
lodges and of the encampments.
The club proposes to give monthly so
cials and an excursion and a picnic dur
ing the social season. It gave its initial
social in Odd Fellows' Hall last niirht for
the benefit of the orphanage thai is* to be
built at Gilroy. The hall was most taste
fully decorated, the prevailing color be
ing that for which the club is named.
There was a good attendance and all had
a pleasant time.
The reception committee was R. Hen
drickson, Phil Hammond, EL E. Ford
(chairman). M. Raiiulovich, Frank M.
Hopkins and A. H. Kelton.
The floor manager was U. S. G. Clif
ford, who was assisted by R. J. Coppin, A.
McNenaman. H. C. Weissburg, A, Hovey
and Victor Aaron.
DEATH TO THE SEALS.
Expedition to Be Organized to
Go to the Farallon
Islands
Guns Will Pop, and After the Killing
Salmon Will Have a BetWr
Chance to Exist
There will be an expedition to the teal
rocks off the Farallon group of is ands
before long for the purpose of killing off
seals by the thousands. This plan is
eagerly advocated by Frank E. Booth,
who is engaged in the commission and
brokerage business at 1212 Davis street,
and also by J. P. Haller, manager of the
Sacramento River Packing Company.
These gentlemen are concerned in the
marketing of canned salmon, and they are
also interested , as a matter of public
spirit, in the extent of an industry which
brings in much money to California an
nually and ought to bring in a great deal
more.
But the great herds of seals which con
gregate at the Farallon seal rocks are
epicures, and are at the same time gifted
with weil nigh in«utiab<e appetites. Air.\
Haller figures out that a seal will eat at
least 120 pounds of salmon per day if thnt
much is in reach, and the basis of fcis cal
culation la eminently practical.
"You will recollect the seal at Wood
ward's Gardens," said Mr. Haller. "I
ascertained by making inquiries, that
sixty pounds of fish was fed to that seal
daily, and then it seemed to be half
starved. It could easily have eaten twice
the quantity. Now there are thousands
of seals at the Faralion seal rocks. They
intercept the salmon as the fish run north
or run south, and pursue the fi«h far up
the Sacramento River. It is difficult to
estimate the great loss caused by the -eals.
But for the hatcheries the salmon would
entirely disappear."
The plan for an expedition may take in
a tug, with riflemen on board, or may
take in tishine-boats, with arms on board.
The fishermen are very mucn in earnest
in the matter.
I.n Conte Reception Postponed.
The reception tendered by the University of
California to Professor and Mrs. Joseph Le
Conte in celebration of their golden wedding,
at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, hus
beeu postponed to Thursday evening, Feb
ruary 18.
They are peers iv their prof eosion— binding
or printing. The Mysell-Rollins Co., 22 Clay.*
SWINDLED BY A
SMART DRUMMER
Victor S. Wolf of New York
Daalt in Worthless
Drafts.
Got His Friends to Indorse Them
and They Had to Pay the
Amounts.
He Is Wantel in Fresno, and Will
Have to Answer to Three Charges
m This City.
Victor S. NVolf, a traveling salesman
from New York, has apparently a long
term in the penitentiary staring him iv
i he f;ice.
Eleven years apo Wolf, while in this
City, made the acquaintance of Benjamin
Lewis, who is an attorney in the Mills
building. They became quite friendly,
and one Saturday afternoon, just before
the banks closed for the day, Wolf called
at Lewis' office and artced him as a favor
to indorse a draft for $150 on a New York
bank, as he wanted the money badly.
Lewis willingly did so, and the draft was
presented at the Bank of California and
paid. The draft was returned dishonored,
and Lewis swore out a warrant for Wolf's
arrest, but Wolf had lied.
Wolf returned to the City recently, as
L'jwis met him on the street on the
morning of the 26th of January. Lewis
hastened to Judge Joachimsen's court
and swore out a warrant for Wolf's arrest
on the charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses, but Wolf had taken alarm at
Lewis' recocnition of him and departed
in a hurry froci the City.
Belore he fled he succeeded in securing
£300 from two confiding friends. While
uere he hud taken his meals at the Occi
dental restaurant, 327 Bush street, where
he became friendly with Joseph Munier,
the proprietor, and Gustave Peltzer, a
wine-growers' agent, whose office is at 525
Front street, and he made bad use of their
friendship.
On January 2(5, after Lewis had recog
nized him, Wolf went to Peltzer's office
and told him he was in immediate need of
funds. He produced a draft on a New
York bank and asked Peltzer to indorse it
just as a matter of form. Peltzer, like
Lewis, was willing to oblige him, and
wrote his name on the back of the draft.
Wolf ttien called upon Munier and told
him tnat he was leaving the City for a
few days, and asked, as he owed a lew
dollars for meals, if Munier would indorse^
a draft lor $150 on a New York bank. He
said he could get it ca-hed and pay
Munier the small amounts he owed him.
Munier indorsed the draft, but he did not
bee Wolf again.
Both drafts were cashed at the Bank
of California and Peltzer and Munier
were considerably surprised when they
were notified a day or two ago by the Bank
of California that the drafts had been dis
honored.
Yesterday mornine a dispatch was pub
iishpii in the papers from Lus Angeles that
Wolf had been "arrested there on Wednes
day on v teleErum from Fresno, where be
was wanted for securing the indorsement
of a Fresno liquor-dealer to a worthless
New York tlraft lor $100, and that he would
be taken to Fresno for trial.
Peltzer read the dispatch in the papers
and yesterday afternoon he swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court for
Woli's arrest on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. Munier wiil
also swear to a complaint to-day, and
when Wolfs preliminary examination is
concluded in Fre>no. he will be brought
here to answer to the three charges against
him.
A MATINEE MUSIOALE.
It Will Ke Given T n -Morrow In Corn-
ptiuienc to Mias "•• Veiling.
A matinee nmsicale will be given by the
Women's Christian Temperance Union,
in compliment to Miss de Veiling, at the
residence of Mrs. Frank J. French. 1617
Jacksou street, from 3 to 6 o'clock, to
morrow. Mrs. Luce, president of the
Women' 8 Christian Temperance Union,
Miss Vaslet and Miss Barry will assist the
hostess in receiving.
Among those who will take part are
many well-known entertainers. The vo
ealista will be Miss Graham, Miss Isabel
Kerr, Miss Irella Van Pelt, Miss Clarfee
■nd Miss Hofmann. In the instrumental
numbers will appe«r Miss Featnerstone,
pianist ; Mi>s Maud Noble, trombone ; Misa
Annie Troill, guitar, and Miss Grnenha
een, violinist. The elocutionists will be
Mrs. Kayliin, Miss Huttie Vnnce Martin,
Miss Luce and Mis* M. Featherstone.
Mrs. Marriner OampbeU'aalto quartet will
also assist.
GUN, OAR AND ROD.
l'iii\cr«ity Boat Club Will Have a
Regatta— Encinal Gun Club
1: lection.
The rowing annex of the University of
California will hold a regatta on the 27th
inst., on Sessions Basin.. Alameda, and it
is said that the Alameda Boating Club
will follow the example in April. The
programme will consist of barge and skiff
races, and if the weather be favorable it
is expected that !<orue fast time will be
made, as some of the oarsmen are now in
good condition.
Professor Miebling of the Olympic Clnb
is figuring upon the holding of another
wrestling tournament in the near future.
He says that among his pupils there are
many clever wrestlers who will certainly
enter for the next contests.
The Olympic Gun Club is already pre
paring for the inaugural opening of the
season's trap-shooting. New traps, new
grounds and new men will be seen at the
opening shoot, which will be held shortly
alter the close of the season for the shoot
ing of game birds.
Tho Encinal Gun Club heid its first
meeting of the season at Birds Point, Ala
meda, last Monday evening. The follow
ing officers were elected for the ensuing
year: J. H. Walker, president; D. Pulsar,
vice-president; H. Dunshre, secretary; F.
Schultz, captain; J. H. Walker, H. Bet
ten, H. A. Hoyt, directors. The ciub
grounds at Binls Point are being hand
somely fitted up for tho season, and will
be in readiness for the openintr shoot,
which will be held on February 28. This
club was organized last year, and has in
thai, short time developed many good
shooters, two of the members having won
the novice medal last year. The club
starts out with twenty-two members, and
it is expected the roll will be greatly in
creaaeu during the season. The regular
club si.onts will be held on the second and
fourth Sundays of each month.
Intelligence from Sacramento states
that the Senate Committee on Forestry,
Fish and Game decided Wednesday to re
port to the Senate the Assembly bill hx
ing the close season for salmon and trout
without the proposed amendments. This
is a blow against closing the season for
catching trout until May 1.
INTERNATIONAL TUG-OF-WAR.
Contract* for the Respective Teams
Signed by the Captaiua Last Night.
' The captains of the various teams which
will compete at the great international
tug-of-war to be held in the Mechanics'
Pavilion, February 27, assembled in D. R.
McNeill's office, 1189 Market street, last
night and signed the contracts for their
respective teams.
One and all reported great progress in
training, and staled that their respective
teams will have better men and be in
better condition on the- 27th than on any
previous occasion.
Quite a number of side bets were made
respecting the positions in vbicb par
ticular teams would finish in the tourna
ment, and from the enthusiasm displayed
throughout, the proceedings it is evident
that the men will give a good account or
themselves when the pistol is tired.
• The teams represented were as fol'ows:
America, Captain Buckley; Ireland, Cap
tain James Hurdnedy ; Scotland, Captain
S. McGregor; Germany, Captain Schilling;
Italy, Captain Joseph Merani; Norway,
Captain John C. Johnsen; Sweden, Cap
tain A. M. Planck; Denmark, Captain
Neils Larsen; France, Captain Frank
Barbe; Canada, Captain George Duplessy.
Deaths and Births in January.
The monthly mortuary report to the Board of
Health shows that the deaths in the City for
the last month numbered t>l3— males 382,
females 231. There were 36 violent deaths, 35
deaths from cancer, 87 fioui consumption, 27
apoplexy, 29 bronchitis and 72 heart disease.
Tii»-' deaths ior the corresponding month in
1896 numbered only 493. The births last
month in the City and County numbered SSI.
Drink Caused Hi* Death.
The body of Thomas Hausen, a sailor, who
recently signed with the schooner Mary and
Ida, was fished out of the bay at Howard-street
wharf yesterday. Hat. sen was orunk on the
previous evening, and it is presumed that he
stumbled overboard while searching ior his
boat.
i Jewrlry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
KTZTXT TO-DAT — DRY GOOT>«
st rongTea ders
_ _ FOR 1 ■ A
TO-DAY'S TRADE!
Our BARGAIN-DAY patrons are offered an array of CLEAR-
ANCE SALE SPECIALS at
CUTS THAT WILL DRAW A CROWD
RAIN OR SHINE!
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, embroidered backs (large buttons} in
dark and medium tan shades, also black, regular price $1 '25 a t>air- ftr
Clearance Sale price _ v ' /OC
93 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID^GLOVES. embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors tan, mode and brown, also black, regular ©1 A A
price $1 50 a pair; Clearance Sale price * ©1.00
; '
MACKINTOSHES^ MACKINTOSHES !
LAD vS'^
MISSES' MACKINTOSHES, in navy blue, one cape, value $3, will be closed ©.) a A
out at <iP^.UU
LACES! LACES ! LACES!
BD I T ORIE^ TAI = LAC , E |- 7 - Bandluint:hes regular price 50c 25e
andbOca yard, on Special Sale at . ZOC
BA 'on S J p E ecSfe T a I t 0N :. 1 . t0 2 ; nche3^^^ar Price aOc and Jisc a yard. Jg €
HOSIERY! HOSIERY ! HOSIERY! '
115 «nH e^ LA H IES> i M f? RTED ? LACK POTTON HOSE, double heels 15c'
and toes, Hermsdorf dye. worth 2jc a pair, on Special Sale at l^C
CORSETS! CORSETS! CORSETS!
49 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra lone waist high
bust, two side steels each Bide, guaranteed perfect rittinc, worth $1. on £*""^
Special Sale at ' OOC
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
75 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, with double 1 ft n
heels and toes, regular price 25c a pair; Clearance Sale price J.UO
45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY TWILLED MUSLIN NIGHTSHIRTS, made ex-
tra larpe, with double yoked backs and felled seams, regular price 85c XA/i
each Clearance Sale price : ; OVJKj
f MI M MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ Market Street, Comer of Jones. /
Srii Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN
THE TRANSVAAL
What American Enterprise
Is Doing in South
Africa.
Mining Methods Revolutionized
by Natives of the Golden
State.
Martin Haurwitz, M.le. Trebelli's
Manager, Tells of Their Success
in the Dark Continent.
Martin Haurwitz of the great London
firm of concert managers, Vert & Haur
witz, is in this City, having recently come
from South Africa, where he met all or
nearly all the Callforniaus. who have done
so much toward the development of the
remarkable mineral resources of the
Transvaal.
Mr. Haurwitz is a keen observer and is
enthusiastic in his praises of the work
that Californians have done in the Dark
Continent.
"American brains and enterprise," he
said at the Bohemian Club last evening,
"have revolutionized the mining industry
of South Africa.
"Previous to the advent of such en
engineers and experts as John H. Ham
mond and others the fate 01 the wonder
ful Transvaal was in the hands of English
army oiticers and others, who knew really
very little of praciicul mining, and the
country did not deve.op nearly as fast as
iis resources warranted. When the Amer
icans took hoid, However, there was a
c:ani:e. They introduced new methods
and ideas and the monthly output of the
mines about Johannesburg is now over
200,000 ounces per month or about $4,000,
--000. This is exclusive of the diamond,
ostrich leather, wool and otner industries,
that yield an enormous sum nionihly.
"Americans are gradually working into
all these lines and making their intelli
gence felt in all directions. South Africa
is deficient in the production of cereals,
machinery and other things that America
is noted for, and 1 understand that Cali
fornia is sending these products to Africa
iv lar£e quantities.
"It seems to me that a steamship line
between ban Francisco and £outh African
ports would pay well, and I marvel that it
has not already been established."
Mr. Haurwitz also spoke in the highest
terms of Herman Jennings, Charles Con
nor, Robert Williams, Thomas Main and
other Califormans wbo have cast their
fortunes iv the Transvaal and said that
all were doing wonders for the develop
i ment of the country.
The concert director comes to San Fran
cisco on a tour of the world as the man
ager of Mile. Antonette Trebelli, the
famous singer, who will appear at the
California Tneater on the 9th inst. Be
ginning an American toar in San Fran
cisco is an innovation, and in case success
attends ncr efforts the proteges of Vert &
Haurwitz will |in future start from San
Francisco.
He Blew Out the Gas.
Dick Willets, an Indian from the Govern
ment reservation at Round Valley, is a gue*t
Lat the Ahlborn House, and on retiring Wednes
day night be biew out the gas. He was found
yesterday morning in an unconscious condl
tlon ana tneen to the Receiving Hospital,
where he soon recovered and was able to re
turn to the hotel.
DEAWING OF DOGS.
Preparatory to the Coursing at Ingle-
Hide Kext Sunday.
The following is the drawing of do?s for
next Sunday's coursing at lngleside:
Butler's Susie vs. Bartel & Rosseter's Bran
den Belle. M. Welch's Tipperary vs. Gallagher's
Hazel, Bartel & Rosseter's Ben Hur vs. Cronln
£ MrDona d's Skyball, Bartel & Rosseter's
taia I'asha vs. Trncey'.s Bpeed, M. Welch's Fox
hall vs. oibson <fe Moore's Molly Bawn, Smart's
Semluole vs. Cuperton Kennel's Lady Camp
bell, Bnrtei & Rosseter's Kitty Scott vs. Shields'
Snowbird, Napa Kennel's Belle vs. Dillon <&
Kiloy's Queen B, Cohen's Highland Mary vs
Kerrigan's St. Lawrence, Mlramonte Kennel's
Sam vs. Seggerson's White Chief, Dillon A
Riley'sGranuale vs. Rogers' Sly Boy
Prizes— soo, $30, $20.
The Fire Department.
The Firo Commissioners met yesterday after
noon, when M. Fitztienry, driver of truck 3
was fined three days' pay for leaving hia team
unhitched and unattended while out exer
cising them. Einht horses were condemned
us unfit ior service from various causes The
resignations of W. E. Douglas, engineer of
engine 19, und F. C. Hartmau, hoseman of en
gine 20. were accepted and Benjamin Law.
rence, driver of engine 26, was retired on the
pension list. William O'Connor was appoint
ed driver of engine 26, Frank Sullivan truck
man of truck 4, and J. Mitchell hosemau of
engine 20.
Criminal Cages Decided.
Several criminal cases were disponed of In
Judge Wallace's court yesterday. K. V. Mar
vin pleaded guilty to burglary in the second
degree. In the case of Tnoma* Thompson
charged with grand larceny, the jury failed to
agree. James Burns, accused oi burglary, was
acqu itted by the jury.
MEW. TO-SAT.V
The. best gro- 1
cers say: In
"-Trophy " 1 we
trust-we know
who makes it
and how it!s
made.
9 TiUmana & Eencfel, Mfr»
Wrijrirs Mil Veaetalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousitiuU of persons wbo
have us^d them for over forty years to cure \
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, O >NoTIPa i
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak otomacn, simple, and f
purify the b;ood. u J
Crossman's SDBCinclExtara
With tnls iemeUy persons can cure ttieuuelres
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change in application to business., The medicine
contains nothing that is of .he least Injury To th*
constitution. Ask our Oxujgist tot it. PiKe, #1
ft bottle*