VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 77.
TO OCCUPY
THE ISLAND
Army Reserves of Greece
and Regulars Ordered
to Crete.
THE MISSION TO PROTECT
CHRISTIANS.
Shots From a Warship Cause a
Turkish Transport to Re
turn to Anchorage.
BRITISH COMMANDER ENTERS
A PROTEST.
It Is Said That the Opposition to the
Greek National Sentiment Will
Endanger the Throne.
• ATHENS, Gbebce, Feb. 14. — Advices
have been received giving details of the
detention at Candia of Turkish vessels by
a Greek warship. The vessel which was
stopped and compelled to return to her
anchorage was the Turkish ' transport
Fuad, bound for Canea with munitions
for the besieged garri-on at that place.
As the Fuad moved from her anchorage
and started to leave the harbor the Greek
•warship headed in «uch a direction as to
intercept her and ordered her to stop.
No attention being paid to this order the
(ireek vessel fired two shots across the
Fuad's bow and the transport, being un
armed, put about and returned to her
moorings. It is reported that the com
mander of the British fleet protested
against the action of the Greeks and
ordered the vessels of that nation to
make no further attacks upon the Turks.
The army reserves of 1*!»3 and 1894 have
been called out and ordered to hold them
selves in readiness to join their colors at
forty-eight hours' notice. A number of
detachments of infantry, artillery and
engineers have embarked at the Pirseus for
Crete. Their departure was attended with
great enthusiasm.
It is understood that the orders of the
troops are to protect the Christian fami
lies in Crete and to restore order. This is
looked upon as tantamount to the occu
pation of the island, Greece has notified
the powers that she will willingly hold
herself answerable for the steps she has
tafcen.
Colonel Vassos, chief aid-de-camp to
King George, commanded the troops,
which numbered 1500. As the men
man- .ed aboard the vessel which was to
convey them to Crete large crowds of peo
ple who had gathered to witness their de
parture cheered them a;ain and again.
• CANEA, Cbete Feb. 14. — Prince George
of Greece, who arrived here on February
12 in command of the Greek flotilla, after
receiving visits from the commanders of
the foreign warships returned to MiJo.
It is reported that the Beys of Canea
have requested the commanders of the
foreign warships here to land men from
their vessels to occupy the city. Tne in
tense excitement v, hich has prevailed here '
recently has not at all abated.
Georte Bs rovitch Pasha, the Christian
Governor of Crete, who having been men
aced by the Moslems, recently took refuge
at the Greek Consulate, and the Greek
Consul embarked this evening on differ
ent warships. They were accompanied
by their families. The Consuls and com
mander of the Turkish forces have re
moved to the military post. The insur
gents continue their bombardment from
inside of the fortress, and the Turks are
returning their fire, with sanguinary
results.
The troops who are already styled the
"corps of occupation" reached Milo to
day.
A regiment of artillery has been or
dered to start at once for the Thesaalonian
■frontier. This regiment will be accom
panied by Prince Nicholas, King George's
third son.
LONDON, Eno., Feb., 14.— The Stand
ard to-morrow will publish a Constantino
ple dispatch saying that the impression
prevails in diplomatic circles there tbat
the opposition to the Greek national senti
ment will endanger the Greek throne.
Mr. Gladstone to-day telegraphed to the
Chronicle the following message:
"I do not dare to stimulate Greece when
I cannot help her, but I shall profoundly
•rejoice at her succeas. I hope the powers
will recollect that they have some charac
ter to redeem."
The Daily Telegraph will publish to
morrow a dispatch from St. Petersburg
saying that the military division of Odessa
will concentrate 5000 Cos-acks, with a view
to being in readiness to meet any emer
gency tbat may arise.
MALTA, Feb. 14.— The three British
gunboats sailed hence for Greece to-day.
VTA R IS i M JU IX EXT.
London Journal* Concur 7ha: There Will
Rti a Gr'co-Turiiish Conflict.
LONDON, Ekg., Feb. 15.— The London
papers this morning concur in the opinion
that a Greco-Turkish war is imminent.
The Liberal organs impJore the Govern
ment not to impede the action of Greece
In any way, while the more moderate
Journals urge the powers to occupy Crete
and to decide the ultimate destiny of the
island when matters shall have become
more quiet. The Standard declares that
the powers mast pacify Crete, since
they have decided to restrain Greece and
Turkey.
The Times publishes a dispatch from
Canea saying that George Berovitcn
.Pasha, the Christian Governor of Crete,
Mook refuge on the flagship of the Russian
J&dmiral and that the entire force of Mon
tenegrin gendarmes which have hitherto
been em ployed in guarding the Governor's
residence have been transferred to the
Russian warships. The Russian and
French admirals, the dispatch says, have
received identical instructions, but the
nature of their orders is not known.
The diplomats at Constantinople have
The San Francisco Call
accepted Great Britain's proposals for a
jo nt naval occupation of Canea, Retimo
and Heraklion, the removal from Cretan
waters of the Greek tiVet and the forbid
dance of the dispatch to Crete of Turkish
reinforcements, and it is thought proba
ble that the orders of the French and
Russian admirals are in accordance with
the programme.
The refugees who sought shelter at the
Greek Consulate have been placed under
the protection of the British Consul. The
Greek Consul at Heraklion embarked
upon one of the warships after requesting
the British Consul to protect the Greek
subjects there. The closing of the GreeK
consulates indicates that a definite rup
ture lias taken place between Greece and
Turkey.
The Times will print a dispatch from
Canea to-morrow saying it believes that
Berovitch I-:isha left aia post without per
mission.
Tiie Times also prints a dispatch dated
Canea, February 14, midnight, saying that
a Turkish troopship has just put to sea
and that a Gieek warship has started in
pursuit of her.
CANEA, Crete. Feb. 14.— The resigna
tion of the Cnristian Governor of Crete,
George Beroviich Pasha, has been ac
cepted and the ex-Governor started for
Trieste this evening.
COX CERT OF THIS POWERS.
They Will Deride to Prevent Greece From
Ocr.ttppinff Crete.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 14.— The last
conference between the powers concern
ing the new complications which have
ari«en in retard to Crete point to an im
mediate concert of action to restore order
in Crete and restrain Greece from further
pursuing the course she has taken, which,
if persisted in, must inevitably result in
hostilities be; ween the kingdom of the
Hellenes and the Turkish Empire, which,
it is believed, without the ultimate inter
ference of the powers, could have but one
outcome, the defeat and humiliation of
the former.
As the situation appears now it is proba
ble tbat foreign occupation will be decided
upon, which has lately caused an increase
in the gendarmerie on the island and the
co-operation ot the foreign fleets con
trolling the ports.
Among the numerous communications
bearing directly unon the Cretan situation
which have passed during the last week is
a letter from the King of Greece to the
Emperor of Russia, in which the King ex
plains to the Czar that the action of
Greece in sending a flotilla to Crete was a
demonstration necessary to the preserva
tion of internal order. The King states
that he is no longer willing to trust to the
powers for justice in respect to the de
mands of Greece in Crete. Though the
situation has created a feeling or alarm in
some quarter?, those entertained in official
circles, throughout the continent that Euro
pean peace will be maintained aro becom
ing strong through the belief that what
ever hghtin; may occur will be locanze.i
and tinaliy die out as the result of its con
tinemeut to small limits.
LOCAL. GKEiIASS REArtX.
Anxious to Fight for King George if
H.ir /» OeclarrcL.
The Greeks of San Francisco are deter- I
mined to stand by the mother country !
in the eveni of a war with Turkey. All of
them have more or less money, and every
man who hails from the home of Socrates
is willing to spend his last cent in defense
of the home country.
A meeting was held on the water front
yesterday and considerable money was
subscribed toward the relief of the suffer
ers in Crete. The name^ of the commit
tee, with M. D. Vamvales as president,
have already been published in The Call,
and all sympathizers with the cause of
Greece shou.d communicate with them.
Before the trouble arose in Crete the
Greeks of San Francisco and British Co
lumbia were anxious to form a company
and go to Cuba. Now the company is
formed, and on the first note of war the
members will sail for Europe ana an
nounce to King George that they are will
ing and ready to strike a blow for the
fa r . henand.
"We are the walls of Sparta," said a
Greek, with flashing eye, yesterday.
"Every man is a brick, and every Drick
wili nave to be demolished before the
Turks gain their way in this matter."
BACK TO THE FATAL SCENE.
Although M. Navok Was Separated From
Justice by the Ocean He Returned
and Was Arrested tor Murder.
WICHITA, Kans., Feb. 14.— After being
for years a fugitive from his native coun
try, whence he fled to escape military
duty, M. Navok, a Bohemian, finally sei
tl-'d in northern Oklahoma. Hii cousin,
likewise a fugitive, lived near him and
about four years ago the two quarreled
over a woman whom both of them loved.
Navok stabbed his cousin to death and hid
the body in a well. His neighbors grew
suspicious and the officers began to in
vestigate the disappearance of his rela
tive. Navok sought safety in fli*nt before
the body of his murdered relative was
found, and did not stop until he had put
the ocean between himself and the scene
of his crime. He returned under an as
sumed name to his native country, but
Government spies recognized him and he
was again forced to flee to escape pnnith
ment for desertion !rom the army. Drawn,
as he declares, by an irresistible impulse
lie returned to Oklahoma, and no sooner
had he arrived there than he waa arrested
for his cousin's murder. The woman for
whose love his cousin was murdered had,
in the meantime, married another.
Navok is a fine-appearing, well-educated
man and has money. He seems like one
dazed and it is believed by many that he
has become insane. His bold return
created a sensation in the community.
A JVA IE KJSsaAT COMISa.
Will Lecture on Throtnphy in All the
Large Cities.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14.-Mrs.
Annie Besant will arrive in New York
early in March. She will remain in this
country for six months and will visit all
the larger cities in the United States aur
ine her stay. The lectures she will de
liver will be an exposition of theosophy,
and she will also relate some, of her ex
periences in her journey through India,
whence she is now returning.
Mrs. Besaut's visit is made on the invi
tation of the Tbeosophicai Society, Ameri
can section, and it is announced that it
will not, as has been , erronepu ly stated,
Dave any connection with the college for
the study of the ancient mysteries tUat is
to be shortly established in California
under the guidance of Mrs. Catherine A.
Tingley and her supporters. „
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
VIEW OE RETIMO, CRETE, AND ITS HARBOR.
Retimo Was the Scene of the Recent Massacres. It Is a City of 3000 Inhabitants, Half of Whom
Are Christians.
SUNDAY RACING
CAUSES A BREACH
Western Wheelmen About
to Go Out of the
League.
Receot Decision of the National
Assembly Means Two Sepa
rate Bodies.
Delegates We eh and Kerrigan of
California Can See No O:h-r
Course Open.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15.— A special to
the Tribune from New York says: There
will be a division of the racing interests of
America inso two separate bodies within
the next three months. This division will
be the result of adverse decisions of the
National Assembly of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen on the Sunday racing loea;
option question.
California sent on three able delegates
from her northern portion to bring about
favorable action on her request, wbicn
was made without a threat of what might
happen. Two of these delegates — Robert
Welch, the California member of the
racing board, and Frank Kerrigan, one of
San Francisco's judges, chief counsel ot
the North California division and presi
dent of the Bay City Wheelmen of that
city — were seen in New York to-nighi and
gave out the following interview:
"We do not see how a division of the
League of American \Vheeimen racing in
terests can well be avoided, now that the
question of Sunday racing has been so
disastrously settled .'or the coming season
by the assembly. We cannot see that
there is any possible way in which that
action can be annulled, and the fact of the
matter is that we do not aivise the tracks
of Northern California or the West to stay
in the league. Our fight was made to the
best of our ability and lost because the
members of the assembly thought more of
what Deople might say than of the rights
in the matter.
"We lost the fight through the failure
of Mr. Potter to keep his promise to turn
over to us forty-five of the votes of New
York State in return for the seven votes
of our division, the Louisiana vote and
that of Oregon and Washington. We car
ried out our compact and New York did
not keep its promise by a loner way. We
voted lor Keenan who was on the Elliott
ticket, for first vice-president, in thtr ex
change for that State's vote on the ques
tion that interested us, and there we got
thrown down.
"Now ii is a case that lies with' the
track-owners of tne preat West, and we
think that they will at once make prep
arations to go out of the league. Nothing
will be done in • hurry iv the matter.
Our country's great need is Sunday sport,
and other portions of the West are like
situated in this matter. Tbe National
circuit will start in California just the
same, and there will be over a dozen days
of racing between tbe 20: h of April and
May 10 when the circuit chafers leave for
tbe East.
"The Eastern racing men will be given a
grand time when they do come to Califor
nia for the spring races, for it will be two
year? before they can come again. Tbe
National Assembly will, we aie sure, at
tbe next meeting adopt the measure for
tbe success of which we were sent East
and we will then regain our old places in
the controlling body.
''Meanwhile it will mean a separate body
and that hody will be well and ably man
aged, tbe rules being quite as strict in all
respects and similar to the rules of the L.
A. W., except that prize limits may be
raised and the principal part of the rac
ing will be on Sunday."
Kerrigan and Welch left for the coast
to-day and say that they wilt do all they
can do consistently to prevent the ruption,
but they must go with the majority in
this matter and the majority can lake but
the one stop.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.
i Arrest of Ex-Congressman Darlington, the
President of a Pennsylvania Trust
Company.
WEBT CHESTER, Pa., Feb. 14.-Ex-
Congressman Smedley Darlington, presi
dent of the Chester County Guarantee
, Trust and Safe Deposit Company, was ar
-1 retted here yesterday at tne instance of
| Mn. Afary A. Burnett, a depositor of the
! institution. Mr. Darlington is charged
! with embezzlement in that he permitted
i $1300 of Mrs. Burnett's money to be re
i ceived on December 2 last, knowing that
1 the trust company was in a state of in
solvency at the time. Mr. Darlington was
held in his own recognizance until exam
j ination, which has been fixed for next
■ Saturday. Receivers were yesterday a^
| pointed for tbe company.
GA3IBLIXG JtE.sOKT BCRStU.
' ilitciii of Etmhurst, Arar i hieago, Re
tort to the Firebrantt-
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— Citizens of
Elmhurst, a small town twenty-rive miles
west of here, burned to the ground this
morning the large *hed recently erected
ihere by Earner Zacharias, the Chicago
cumbler, and in which poolselling, faro
and roulette had been conducted for sev
eral days. Almost every day 400 or 500
gamblers from Chicago vlsiied the resort.
A few auys ago the residents raided tbe
poolroom, but could find no evidence of
gambling. Six men, however, supposed
to be connected with the movement were
arrested. Daring the nicht two watchmen
were employed to guard the place. Early
this morning a mob oi indignant citizens
attacked the building and, after driving
the watchmen to the woods, set fire to the
building. The gamblers say they will re
open as soon as another house can be
built. The loss is small.
Kotioe of a Ileduetion.
HAKKISBUEG, Pa, Feb. 14.— A notice
of a ten percent reduction was posted at
tbe works of tiie Pennsylvania Steel Com
pany at Steel ton yesterday afternoon. Ie
is to take effect Marcli L Th« reduction,
which waß un xpected, affects about 3,000
employes. The explanation taut the re
duction is made owing to reduced prices
for tbe product accompanies the notice.
LAST OF A BAD
GANG IN JAIL
Harry Davis Betrayed by
His Brother to the
Police.
Was the Only Member of the
Notorious Stratton Band
At Liberty.
Having Made His Way to Freedom
by Bribery H? Continued a
Criminal Career.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 14.— The last
member of the Stratton gang of robbers,
tbe toughest and smoothest gang of crim
inals known in the West for many years,
now lies in the Denver City jail, betrayed
to the officers by his brother. This rem
nant, Harry Davis, is wanted in North
Baltimore, Ohio, for the murder of Night
Watchman Joseph Baker on the 21st of
last June.
Davis was not one of the original Strat
ton gang, but was admitted after the last
breaking up of the outfit by the arrest and
imprisonment of several members. His
qualities of toughness and his expertness
in all kinds of crime led Bob Curry and
Doc I-.ee, two of the men who bail escaped
incarceration for long periods, to pick him
up. They were operating through Ohio,
and one night tried to rob the postoffice
at North Baltimore. They were discov
ered by Omcor Baker and killed him in
attempting to escape. - The three were
taken to the Toledo (Ohio) jail,
whence Lee and Curry were sent last De
cember to the Ohio penitentiary for life,
but Davis had previously bribed two ol
tae guards and was allowed to escape.
He escaped on the morning of Novem
ber 11, and took a train out of that town
for Cincinnati, wliere he was joined by his
brother Gus, and the two went down
through the Southern States, through
Tennessee, Alabama and into Texas, from
where they crossed over into Mexico, then
back into Arkansas and up into Colorado.
The brothers arrived here last Monday
and engaged a room on Arapahoe street,
near Twentieth, and have lived there since.
Yesterday afternoon Gus, who is a mere
lad of 20, quarreled with Harry, and fear
ing violence at the hands of Harry, de
cided to betray him to the police and he
was promptly placed under arrest.
During the extended trip the brothers
have made iir.ee the escape of Harry in
November, Gus says he has been tbe un
willing accomplice of nis brother iv a
number of crimes.
The Ohio authorities have been notified
of the capture and ne will be returned to
Toledo at an early day.
The titratton gang was one of tbe most .
desperate, bold and successful that ever
existed, but every one is either behind the
bars or dead. "Sheeney" Armstrong is
serving three years in Indiana ; Prentice
Tiller, seven years in Michigan; lorn
Boalen, two years in Canyon City, Colo. ;
Frank Bruce died in the Jefferson (Ind. )
prison; James K. Stratton is serving
twenty-one years in Canyon City; Bob
Curry and Doc Lee, life in Columbus, Ohio.
AFTER THE MINOR PLACES.
States That Do Mot Get Representatives
in the Cabinet Look lor Smaller
Crumbs.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 14.— feunday was
literally a day of re*t at the McKinley
home. In the morning Major McKinley
attended divine services at the First Pres
byterian Church, accompanied by Hon.
Charles A. Checkering of CopenhaKen.
N. V., and Congressman D. K. Watson of
Columbus.
In the afternoon Mr. and Mra. McKin
ley drove about the city lor an hour and
a half. They ;tlso made their regular Sun
day visit with Mother McKinley. Mrs.
McK'.nley, who has been indisposed, has
recovered sufficiently to receive her inti
mate friends.
Jerome Carty, a leading patent attor
ney of Philadelphia, ia in the city to pre
sent the indorsements of Colonel John A.
Wiedensheim, a candidate for the position
of Commissioner of Patents. Colonel
Weidensheim is indorsed by Senators
Quay and Cameron and Senator-elect Pen
rose; by the Philadelphia delegation to
Congress, and by many prominent Re
publicans of the Keystone State. Mr.
Carty is of the opinion that Weidensheim
will receive the appointment if Pennsyl
vania does not secure a representative in
the Cabinet, which at present does not ap
pear probable.
It is probable t.iat Major McKinley will
go to Cleveland during the present week,
but the exact time of departure has not
been decided upon. He will be in Cleve
land only a few days.
jrAMEWfJLIj 1O M JuH aicKIXLEY.
Canton Cititeng Making Preparations
jor 14 lleception.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 14L— The people
of Canton are oeniuning preparations for a
farewell reception to the President-elect
to be held on Washington's birthday.
While his neighbors will look after the
details the whole of the surrounding
country will be included in the invita
tions, and it is expected several thousand
persons will attend.
What is bothering the major and the
committee of arrangements most is to
rind a place large enough to bold the
crowd. The reception might be held in
the opera-house, but that belongs to the
McKinley estate and it would not be in
good taste to hold it there. Tue Siarx
County courthouse is the only available
building for the function, and it is proba
ble it will be given there.
CHICAGO'S Ixl£»T JtiOBBERJ.
Four Armed 9Ten Relief* the Customers
of a retried Saloon:
CHICAGO, li,u, Feb. 14.— Four robbers
armed with revolvers entered J. Meyers
saloon at Fourteenth place and Newberry
avenue last night and held up the place.
The barroom was crowded with customers
at the time and the robbers ordered, with
drawn weapons, every one to line up in
the rear of the saloon and hold up their
hands. No one attempted to disobey and
while three of the men kept them covered
with their pistols the fourth leisurely
went through the pockets of each man in
line, securing several watches and some
money. He then took $15 from the cash
register and the men were driven into a
small room at the rear of the bar. After
fastening the door the robbers ran back
into the street and escaped before the im
prisoned victims could release • them
selves.
An Apparently Unfounded Rutnor.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 14.— The call of
Hon. D. K. Watson upon Major McKin
ley gives rise to the rumor that he aspires
to fill the senatorial seat vacated by Mr.
Sherman. The Jriends of Mr. Watson
consider him an excellent compromise
candidate. The Columbus Congressman
declined to taik regarding the report and
the rumor is apparently unfounded.
.s.HAI.I BOT A.MJ A. MATCH.
Senrly Catixti the Destruction of Alex-
anrtria, Indiana.
ELWOOD, Ind ., Feb. 14.— The city of
Alexandria was threatened with destruc
tion to-day by fire wuic > was started by a
small boy who threw a lighted match into
the creek, the water of winch was covered
with the oil which flows into il from the
gas well at tbai, place. There was great
exciiement among the residents. Alter
repeated efforts to quench the burning oil
in the stream it was finally beaten out,
but not until after the department bad
almost exhausted its energies. The loss
is small.
Fire in a Xeurtpaper Office.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 14.— Fire this
morning burned the building occupied by
i tie Puts burg Post, causing a loss of
$90,000. The printing presses, one valued
at $25,000 and the other at $10,000, were
badly damaged. Ten tpye-setting ma
chines, valued at $30,000, were ruined.
The Post's loss will probably reach $70,000,
covered by insurance. The building is
owned by the J. N. McColloneb estate,
and the loss on it will reach $20,000. cov
ered by insurance. The fire is supposed
to have started from the crossing of elec
tric light wires. The Post will issue its
naper irom the office of the Pittsburg
Leader until new quarters are secured.
That Marquett* statue.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 14.— Senor
Trentanove. who is in this city, says that
in the event of ihe removal of the statue
of Pere Maquette from the Capitol at
Washington, as proposed by the resolu
tion introduced in the Legislature, he will
sue the State to recover on a contract
which he made with the proper authori
ties at the time. In consideration of the
agreement to place the statue in Btatuary
Hall, he says he agreed to do tne work for
a greatly reduced figure on account of the
advertising he would receive. If the
statue is removed the contract is violated,
and he says he will demand the full price
mat he ought to have received for the
work.
Murder Follow* a Ditcwaion of Anarchy
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— A discussion
on anarchy in a saloon at 378 Dearborn
stTeet resulted in a qiarrel to-night be
tween Joseph Bernosceni and Baptisie
Melieiti, both Italian?. They became so
noisy thai the proprietor ejected them.
They then agreed to go to the lake front
to settle their diraculiies. When they had
arrived there B rnosceni drew a revolver
and shot Melletti in the breast, inflicting
a wound from which he died within a few
minutes. Bsrnoscem wad arrested.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REGARDED
AS AMPLE
Minister De Lome Says That
Cleveland and Olney
Are Satisfied.
REFORMS FOR CUBA ARE
SUFFICIENT.
So the Spanish Minister Thinks
the United States Will Not
Interfere.
NO LONGER FEARS ACTION BY
CONGRESS.
ExG-vernor Lcng cf Massachusetts
Eulogize for His Stand Against
lutervention.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 14.— The Times
to-morrow will publish a Madrid dispatch
saying the papers there announce that trie
Duke of Tetuan, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, has received advices from . M-nisier
Dupuyde Lome, Spanish Minister to the
United States, stating that President
Cleveland, Secretary of State Olnev and
other principal public men of the United
States regard the reforms for Cuba re
cently adopted by' the Spanish Govern
ment as ample.
Minister De Lome, the dispatch says,
added that the Cuban question is dead so
far as, the United States Congress and
public opinion is concerned. President
elect McKinley is also believed to regard
the reforms favorably.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 14.— The Diario
de ia Marina eulogizes ei-Governor John
D. Long of Massachusetts, who has been
named as Secretary of the Navy in the
Cabinet of President-elect McKinley, .for
the stand he uas taken in favor of Spain
in her war against vhe Cuban insurgents
and against intervention by the United
Slates in tne Cuban troubles.
The Mayor of Havana has issued an
order that no persons shall be admitted to
the cemeteries in and about the city for
the purpose of attending funerals. In ac
cordance with this order the mourners
at all funerals are stopprd at the cemetery
gates and only the officiating clergymen
and those persons whose duties require
their presence at the grave are allowed to
enter. Th.s aciion on the part of the au
thorities is taken in order to prevent the
spread of contagious diseases.
The payment of allowances to pensioners
of the Government has been suspended for
a few day s.
HEIt CROSS HOICK IJt CUBA.
Distress to Be Alleviated Kegardleaa of
H'linion or Hare.
WASHINGTON, D. C.,' Feb. 14.— The
Washington Times, referring to the con
templated expedition of the Red Cross
Society to Cuba, mentions the circum
stance of a sum of money received by the
officials of that society being returned to
the sender on account of the condition of
its tender being coupled with the injunc
tion thai no portion of it should be used
for the relief of Spaniards. Such a con
tribution is in no wise consistent with the
meanings and rules of the Red Cross So
ciety, which in its ministrations to the
suffering makes no distinction whatever
as to any creed or nationality, and dona
tions tendered to the society coupled with
requests that they be only used in one di
rection cannot meet the philanthropic
purposes of the organ ization. -..'"/V
It will require about $25,000 to start the
society's expedition into Cuba, and, as it
seems, but a small part of that amount
has yet been subscribed. As early as dos
sibl«\ however, despite all difficulties of
NEW TO-DAY.
■*«r^- v A man's life may
j*flPV itfAH^ De saved in many
«£^3§«os&i ways. A man may
3*^-jflar§gJp commit suicide in a
I \j»*_JJWmß f reat man 7 ways.
V Ai?V@&sr^ Shooting himself
v-V^fflß through the head
v^jSl|gf |jy f 8 quicker, but it
/'jksH^/ i ? no more certain
n Hsr^d than ne g i n 2 *" 9
11 fir 1\ health. If a woman
!l\ 18/ A\ ■ Baw k er husband
I |\ 7 ,\\ \ with a pistol to his
/111 / 1 F" / head, she would
\\\ I / Pi I / ke prompt and
\l / lr ' vigorous measures
' * * to save him ; but
the same woman might see her husband
on the down-grade to disease and death
without seeing the seriousness of it. One-
sixth of all the people who die, die of
consumption. Consumption doesn't corns
all at once. It is insidious. The seeds
of it are seemingly insignificant. Most
people do not know how it starts. . Thou-
sands of people are on the road to con-
sumption and don't know it. When-
ever there is loss of flesh — paleness —
wasting away — look out. Consumption
easily finds a foot -hold in a weakened
body. Low vitality, impure or poor
blood, imperfect digestion, nervousness,
sleeplessness — all these lead to consump-
tion. - ;';- !
Taken in time, Dr. Pierced Golden
Medical Discovery will prevent the de-
velopment of the disease. Taken accord-
ing to directions, it will . positively and
perfectly cure ninety-eight per cent, of
all cases of consumption, whether in-
cipient or fully developed. Consumption
is a disease of the blood. The Golden
Medical Discovery" is a cure for all blood
diseases, no matter in what part or how
they manifest themselves.
If you want to know all about it, and
what' it has done for other people, send
twenty -one (21 one-cent stamps to covet
the cost of mailing only for a FREE copy
of Dr. Pierces great 1008 ' page work,
" Common Sense Medical Adviser."
Every family should have a copy of this
book for ready reference. World's Dispen-
sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. ¥.2
travel and stress of other circumstances,
the society will begin its new mission of
succoring the distressed of whatever side
in the island of Cuba. It is probable that
from twenty-five to thirty of the staff of
the society can, owing to the liearness of
the locality, be sent to Cuba, and subscrip
tions that are received can be sent to them
while on the field of duty.
XO SUCCOR FOR CUB ASS.
It la tiaid hat JMm Barton Cannot Vitit
7hrir Hospital!.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— A World
special from Jacksonville, Fla., says it
seems incredible that Miss Barton should
fall into the cunning trap arranged for
her by Spanish Minister de Lome.
Colonel Freaerico Perez Carbo, who was
chief of General Maceo's staff, speaking of
Miss Barton's acceptance of permission
given her by Minister de Lome to go to
Cuba and form a Red Cross society, says
she may go to Cuba, but the Spanish Gov
ernment will not allow her to po out
into the country and succor the Cuban
wounded or to go into Cuban hospitals.
"Miss Barton may go to Havana," he
said, "and that is just what they want.
She may help Spaniards in their hos
pitals and assist in caring for their
wounded, but she will not be permitted to
assist Cubans."
-'»» American rtrrtrtfrtT
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 14.— A news dis
datch announces that the Spanish author
ities at Regla have arrested Charles tScott,
an American. The prisoner >s presumed
to be Oliver Ream of this city, who has
traveled under that name for years and
from w orn his relatives can receive no
communication.
SUCCESSFUL OPERATIC SEASON.
Metropolitan Company Coming West Be
fore Sailing tor England — Takes a
Mint to Pay Salaries.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14. -After a
successful season of fourteen weeus the
Metropolitan Opera Com pan v will give its
concluding performance in this city Sat
urday and the big organization will pack
up its belongings and move westward for
a short tour of grand opera.
The company has appeared so far this
season in twenty-four different operas,
several of which were new to America's
lyric stage. Besides the noted European
artists heretofore identified with the com
pany, such as Calve, Melba, Eames, Nor
dica, Banermeister, De Reszkes, Piancon,
La Salle, Ancona. Campanani, etc, the
soloist corps was recently strengthened by
the addition ot Alme. "Litvenne, Mme.
Clementine de Vere, Mme. Lili Ltnmann,
Paul Kalish anJ D-ivid Bis.ipbam.
Mme. Melba, wno went to France a few
weeks ago for her health, will join the
company early in March. On April 24
the artists sail for Europe, being engaeea
to apv ear for eleven weeks this summer
at Covent Garden. London, which is to
be managed by Mr. Grau, the American
grand opera magnate. In speaking of the
season just ended Manager Grau said to
day:
"Despite the annoying vicissitudes al
most necessary to grand opera, which we
have to contend with, I can trutiifuliy say
the season has been a success financially
and artistically. Of the operas the public
seemed to prefer 'Lohengrin,' 'Faust,'
'Carmen, 1 'S.egfried' and 'Metistofele.'
We have also an organization consisting
of artists, a chorus atid ballet of 100, forty
seven on our business staff, Lbreeconduct
ors and seventy musicians, all of which
requires a fortune to maintain. The ap
preciation, however, shown our endeav
ors has been encouraging and we are al
ready arranging lor next season's grand
opera."
COLLAPSE IS rttEDICIED-
Mow the Window- Gin tit Trust May He
JJi.iMmlvect,
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— The Times-
Herald says: An open market for window
glass and the collapse of the trust con
trolling it is predicted. A conference be
tween the National executive committee
of the trust and th» Eastern investors and
jobbers has been called for next Wednes
day at the Hotel Imperial in New York,
and the fate of the combination hinges on
the result. If the mission of the trust
representatives is unsuccess!ul, the win
dow-glass trade may see a collapse in
prices similar to that which the steel-rail
men have experienced, as values are now
40 per cent higher than when the com
bination took control 01 ihe markets.
If the trust saves its organization it can
only be by a lowering of prices to the
Eastern trade. It is estimated that there
were in the hands of the manufacturers
and unsold March 1 at least 900.000 boxes
of glass. As the consumptive demand
since the factories were put in blast has
been practically nothing, tbe jobbers are
also as well supplied as the trade prospects
warrant. For these reasons dealers gener
ally are disregarding the notice of an ad
vance of 2}4 per cent, and say that the
trust will do as well as it can reasonably
expect if it maintains prices in view of
prevailing trade conditions. Foreign
manufacturers stand ready to supply all
wants at the announced advance, and
this robs it of its terrors with those who
are expecting an active spring trade.
WARLIKE irottK bUSF&XiDEn.
Religion* Serricca Held on the Teasel*
in Httnce'a Fleet.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 14.— Admiral
Bunce's squadron suspended its warlike
work to-day and observed Sunday in regu
lation fashion. Episcopal service was held
on the flagship New York, Catholic service
on tbe Maine, and general services includ
ing other denominations were celebrated
on the Columbia,
The Vesuvius came up to the city to-day
and is now lying in the Cooper River. A
number of excursion steamers ran out to
the fleet to-day, carrying thousands of
Vuitors.
Funeral of a Moted Bnsito.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14.-Funeral
services were delivered this afternoon in
the Church of St. Vincent de Paul over
the remains of Count Armand de Castan,
better known as Armand Castlemary, a
basso of the Metropolitan Op<ra Com
pany, who died suddenly of heart disease
last Wednesday night while playing the
part of Tristano in "Martha." The body
was deposited in the receiving vault of
Kensico Cemetery, where it will remain
until tsent to Paris. There were many
floral offerings from members of the opera
company, and nearly every one of that
company, including the De" Retzkes and
Calve, were present. The church was not
large enough to accommodate the im
mense crowd which tried to get in to at
tend the servicps.
Senator Bromon Married..
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— A special from
Lexington, Kv., says: State Senator
Charles Bronson left here yesterday and
was married yesterday in St. Louis to
Miss Wisdom of Paducah, Ky. Their
wedding was announced for a year ago,
but the bride's father objected. Since
then the father has died, leaving an estate
worth over $1,000,000. There were still
objections in the family, but the young
couple went to St. Louis and were mar
ried. Mr. Bronson led the fight for Sen
ator Blackburn's re-election in the Legis
lature last year and was prominently
mentioned for W. C; P. Breckinridge's seat
in Congress.
Consul Snvaga't Mother Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14.— Mrs.
George W. Savage, mother of John M.
Savage, Consul at Dundee, died yesterday
n that city.
IN THE DOMAIN
OF THE KAISER
Military Proceedings Code
Again Excites Official
Circles.
Berlin Season at Its Climax and
Country Aristocracy Fill
ihe City.
Brilliant Court Function Arranged for
February 24— Swindling Insur
ance Company Broken Up.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 14.— The regu
lations of the military proceedings code
are again attracting official and political
attention. it was predicted that tbe
lleicustag would see some perfected bill
before it during the present session, but
it transpires tbat the divergence of views
between the Federal S:ates which were
announced as being on trie point of agree
ment has become accentuated and broad
ened. Tbe measure elaborated at Berlin
confides to tbe military authorities the
preparation and control of all prosecu
tions. Bavaria and Wurtemberg object
to this and bold tbat legal functionaries
skilled in jurisprudence ought to initiate
and carry out tr.als which come under
the military procedure code.
The War Minister of Wurtemberg cams
to Berlin last week and tried to get Minis
ter yon Gossler to accept bis proposals.
The Wurtemberg Minister pleaded that
the bill as prepared by General yon doss
ier is not a reform, but a retrogressive
measure, and this is also the Bavarian
contention. But yon dossier is backed
by the Kaiser, who has particularly inter
ested himself in tne matter, insisting tbat
tbe military authorities ouent to and
must originate and control tne prosecu
tions.
It will be recollected that when General
Bronsart yon Scbellendorf resigned the
Ministry of War in August last year, his
action was partly owing to intrigues con
nected with tbe now notorious Tausch
scandal, but it was also because the
Kaiser found him taking a stand on tue
necessity of liberal reform in tbe mili
tary.
General yon Gossler, who succeeded
him, proved Limself, on his earliest ap
pearance in the Reichstag, a man after
the Kaiser's own heart — the incarnation
of unyielding temper. The bill as drafted
by yon Gossler and approved by the
Kaiser has bitterly disappointed tbe hopes
of the more moderate members of tbe
Reichstag of all pariies. in ali that re
iates to publicity of ti ials, freedom of de
fense, competence oi Judges and right of
appeal it prebenis restrictions which
make it of siuaii practical value. The late
public clamor for the limitation of mili
tary privileges which arose over the
Brusewitz case has abate. i, and tue spirit
of militarism is as brutal as arrogant.
AltnougU a year mus> yet elapse before
the present Iteicuataj; shall surcease by
limitation, internal party movements are
already afoot preparing for tbe general
elections. The leaders of the two liberal
groups — the Freirinniee Volkspartei or
Rictiterites and the Freisinnige Vtreini
gucg or Reickertne— have made over
tures to each other for coalition on a com
mon electoral platform, but as yet have
not succeeded in agreeing. Still, in their
aims they have much in common, and
under prudent guidance could no; only be
ieunited, but could also work an electoral
campaign in conjunction with tue more
democratic Volkspartei.
From the tendencies displayed by the
various factions during the debates on
economic and financial questions, such as
the Bourse laws, protection and other
agrarian matters, it can sa;ely be pre
d.c.ed, remote though the elections are,
that the campaign will be foug ton line 3
of industry and free trade against agrari
antsm and protection. The Liberals are
absorbed by the agrarian Conservatives,
and the Fieisinnige Volkspartei and the
Socialists will lorm the opposition.
The Kaiser has appointed the most
prominent professors of tbe Royal Acad
emy to design the costumes for the fancy
dress ball fixed for F u bruary 24 at the
Royal Castle. The officers are to appear
in tbe uniforms of tueir regiments as
worn at the perio 1 represented, viz., 1797.
Thus the Garde dv Corps will wear gen
darme unitorins, and some of them cui
rassier and Cossack uniforms. For all
regiments formed since 1797 the artist
painter, gkxrbind, has designed historic
costume-*. Professor yon Heyden will de
sign the costumes for members of the
court circle, which are to be representa
tive of court styles at the end of the last
century. Count Ferdinand Herrach, the
coun painter, sketches the costume of the
Kaiserin. The Kaiser will wear an extra
copy of the uniform of Marschall "Vor
waerts," Old Blucher. Herrach s design
for the Kaisi-rin recalls some well-known
paintings of Marie Antoinette. Nobody i
attempts to form an estimate of tue cost
of this great social function, which is to
outrival in magnificence of display all
previous court letes.
The court ball which was given at the
Schloss Hall in honoi of Archduke Otto of
Austria was a grand affair, over 600 euests
having been invited. In the grand march
Archduke Oito led with the Empress, who
was attired in a eeagreen robe trimmed
with beaver at tbe bottom and sides of
skirt and upon tbe shoulders. The front
was of the heaviest brocade covered with
numberless diamonds. T c Emperor's
partner was Princess Frederick Charles,
who wore red velvet. Princess Frederick
Leopold, sister of th* Em press, was attired
in a pink satin gown with silver gray
trimmings.
Tbe season is at its climax and Berlin
society has never been so failed with coun
try aristocracy. For the lan two years
the court mourning has interfered with
society functions and toned down court
costumes. Hereafter it is ord red that
civilians attending ihe court fetes must
wear white silk escarpins (pumpi), which
go well with ordinary court dress, but aru
not liked by tbe wearers.
The Kaiser and Kaiserin are giving the
Btrlmers irequent opportunity of seeing
them, as they drive about freely in every
direction. During tbe recent coid weather
they were to be seen aimost daily driv
ing along U nter den Linden in a two
wated rig with coachman ani footman.
They always drive at a rapid pace and
seem to enjoy the exhilaration.
The recent presence nere of Count Cas
sini, tbe Russian Minister at Peking, was
overlooked by the German press. He
arrived before Count Muravieff, stayed
about eight days and dined at the chancel
lerie with Muravitff. The official bulle
tins given out by (he chancelleries men
tioned him simply as Envoy Cassini at the
end of the Hit of guests and not among
the Russian names placed after Mura-
Vlfff S.
His presence in Berlin is associated
with some important negotiations affect
ing German commercial interests likely
to be disturbed by the Russo-Chine>e
Railway. His mission it said in official
quarters to have completed work of
hi -her political value than anything
Muravieff accomplished at Paris or Ber
lin. The Chinese Minister, Chn Kung
Chen, accredited to St. Petersburg and
Berlin, reached here several days before
Count Cassini arrived.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
Dr. yon Boetticher, vice-president of the
Council of Ministers, Minister of State
and Imperial Secretary of State for the In
terior, gave a parliamentary dinner on
Saturday, at which the Emperor was a
guest.
The 'police have seized the books and
accounts of the Concordia Life Insurance
Company, and, as a result of the subse
quent examination of the records, it was
tound that the company bad only 4000
paying clients, while at tbe sama time
their list of members contained 75,000
names. Tbe losers through the fraudulent
practices of the company are mostly in
tbe ranks of the working people.
A committee of tbe American colony in
Berlin has arranged to have a social
gathering of Americans on Washington's
birthday, to take place af'er the reception
which is to be given on tbat day by
United Stales Embassador I." hi and Mrs.
Uhl.
Professor Guy Thompson of Yale Uni
versity and Mrs. Thompson, formerly Miss
Lucy Uhl, will sail for New York on FeD
ruary 16, on board the North German
Lloyd steamer Trave. Tne Embassador
and Mrs. Uhl will accompany them as tar
as Bremen, where Mr. and Mrs. Tuomp
son will embark.
The Neueste Nachncbten has discovered
that tbe London Times' atlas, which tbat
paper ardvertises as an original produc
tion, is a copy of tbe German "Andree's
atlas."
Berlin and Frankfort bourses are recov
ering from the effect of the monetary de
pression resulting irom tbe serious aspect
of tbe Cretan situation last week, and
closed firmer yesterday, under the more
bdpefnl feeling" in regard to affairs in the
East. Austrian credits rose 1 per cent
and bank securities from \i to 1 per cent.
Moored Into Hetprr Hater.
COLON, Colombia, Feb. 14.— The Brit
ish steamer Ernwell, which was driven
ashore off Venta Frlo in a heavy «torm on
December 17, while bound from Nombre
de'Dios for Baltimore, and to whose as
sistance a wrecking steamer was sent, has
been moved into deeper water.
. ♦
Cooperage Aupplits Burned.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14.-The
works of the Richard Grant Company,
dealers in cooperage supplies in Jersey
City, were almost completely destroyed
by fire to-day. Loss $60,000.
A lUXKISU VOMSUJb'tt PLIGHT.
Held in $10,000 Kail to Answer a
Chary* of Embezzlement.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14—Joseph A.
lasigi, Consul-General for Turkey at Bos
ton, who was arrested at the Albemarle
Hotel on Saturday nig >t by central office
detectives on information wired to them
from Boston that he was an embezzler of
$8000 from Peter Charles Derieux, was ar
raigned in the Center-street court to-day.
Lawyer Richards of the firm of Coudert
Brothers moved Magistrate Cornell that
lasigi be discharged from custody on the
ground that the complainant was not in
court to prosecute charge. Magistrate
Cornell promptly denied the motion. Law
yer Richards then made another motion
for the discharge of his client on the
ground that he, being a foreign Consul,
was exempt from arrest. The magistrate
said:
"I have nothing todowitb that, as I am
omy a committing magistrate. If this
arreat was made illegally you have your
remedy in a higher court on habeas cor
pus proceedings. I accordingly deny your
motion."
Lawyer Richards, after searching the
Code, made a third motion for !he dis
char of his client on the ground that the
affidavit on which he was arraigned was
made "through information, not belief."
The magistrate denied this motion also.
Then Lawyer Richards asked that bail be
made as light as possible.' Magistrate
Cornell saM that t lie charge was so serious
that a heavy bail would have to be fixed
and he accordingly held lasigi in $10,000
bail for examination Monday aiternoon.
Everybody connected with the case re
fn ed to talK, saying they preferred to
wait until to-morrow, when Mr. Drleux
would be present.
STEHL-RAIL FEVER COOLS.
W>jh*r and Stendi-r rriees Ruled F.ast
and »■■>'.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— The fever of
the stpe.-rail war subsided somewhat in
this district to-day, due to the falling off
in the demand and the stiffening of prices
by order of the Carnegie Company. Tv«
Eastern prict went up $1 to $18, and Illi
nois Sieel Company's quotation was the
same; but no large sales were made by
either concern, unless with the injunction
of secrecy.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 14.—Offi
cers of the Pennsylvania Steel Company
and the Bethlehem Iron Company, in
speaking of the war of rates in the steel
rail trade this afternoon said there bad
been a change for the better to-day and
prices were steadying in the East and West.
An understanding has been reached by
tlie Cambria, Pennsylvania and Bethle
hem companies by wnieh a friendly feel
ing exists.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 14-Stny
vesant Fisn, president of the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad, said yesterday in regard to
the placing of contract- for 500,000 tons of
steel rail?: "The directors not only
authorized the purchase of 25,400 tons of
steel ra Is recommended by the chief engi
neer for this year's renewals, but also
availed themselves of the low price to buy
24 600 tons additional.
"Last year the prices inChicago were $10
for old rails and $29 for new ones, which
made the ratio of U. 9 tons of old for one
ton of new rails. If the railroads place
order* for enough rails to relay one-tenth
of their entire mileage this year we shall
see increased activity in every branch of
trade at an early day."
BERISO SB A ARBITRATORS.
On Their Waif Borne Af. er Three Months
of Investigation.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 14.— After three
months of investigation and taking of tes
timony the loading persons connected
with the Bering Sea arbitration arrived
here this morning. The party was com
posed of Justice King, Chief Justice of
the Dominion of Canada and British High
Commissioner on the Bering Sea tribunal
Mr«. King and her daughter; Hon. Don
M. Dickinson, United States counsel be
fore the board of arbitration; Robert Wat
son Lansing, assistant United States coun
sel; Fred S. Peters, Attorney-General of
Prince Edward Island and general counsel
for Great Britain before the tribunal, and
Charles B. Warren of Detroit, junior coun
sel for the United States.
Messrs. Dickinson ana Warren left the
party in this city. The other members
continued on their journey to Buffalo,
where the party will disperse, the differ
ent members going to their respective
home;!. The legal members of the party
will meet again in Montreal June 16 and
present the printed briefs and documents
in the case at issue.
Mr. Dickinson to-day, when asked for
an opinion of the probable result of the
hearing both at Victoria, B. C, and at
Montreal, would not discuss the matter,
saying that it would be manifestly im
proper for him to do t o. He expressed
himself as being well pleated with the
treatment he and bis colleagues had re
ceived while at Victoria.
Death of a Stiiiionnry.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 14.—Informa
tion has been received here of the death
of Fuilerton Boyd Malcom, a missionary
to Korea, who was sent out by Key. D. D.
MacLauren from the Woodward-avenue
Baptist Churcn in this city in November,
1893. The deceased died from pneumonia
January 10, at Chemulpo, Korea. He was
buried in the cemetery at that place.
Sakbokn, Vail<S: Ca have removed their re
tall picture department irom second to main
floor, adjoining frame department. Picture
buyers will find tha change a great con
venience. *
SHERMAN IS NOT
DISPOSED TO QUIT
Will Continue to Urge a
Vote on the Arbitra
tion Treaty. .
But Ratification a' the Present
Session Seems Oat of the
Question.
Immigration, Bankruptcy, Hawaiian
Cable and Oilier Measures
Pending in Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 14.— When
the Senate adjourned yesterday, after an
other afternoon of useless discussion on
th« general arbitration treaty, the impres
sion bad by many Senators was that Sher
man had become convinced there was
little, if any, chance of getting action dur
ing this session of the Senate. The belief
now appears to be tt.at be will make one
or two more efforts to press a vote after
devoting an afternoon to discussion, and
tbat then, without formally announcing
his determination, he will permit the
treaty to remain on the calendar without
seeking to press it for consideration.
The friends of the treaty believe it would
be ratified if a vole could be had. But this
claim is denied by others, who, however,
appear to be better satisfied to have action
postponed tiiau to permit the bill to be
taken up now. It is now evident that a
determined effort is being made by a few
Senators to prevent ratification. For this
reason it is thought the treaty will go over
until after the 4tn of March, when there
will be abundant time for the Senate to
discuss it thoroughly while considering
the nominations the new President may
send u-..
To-morrow Chandler will address the
Senate on the resolution introduced by
him declaring tbat it is the sense of the
Senate that the United States should not
permanently acquiesce in the iingle sold
standard. Chandler is not in entire har
mony with his party on the financial
question and is much incline! to make
Himself a free lance in the debate.
The immigration bill, which has come
back from conlerencd the second time,
will not take up much of the time of the
Senate, an agreement having been reached
to vote on it on Wedne-day at 4 o'clock.
The bill as it now stands removes the ob
jec.ions raited to the first report and Las
already been agreed to in the House. It
will doubtless pass the Senate without op
position.
The bankruptcy bill is the unfinished
business, but no one beiieves there will
be any serious effort to pass this measure.
The friends of tlie voluntary bankruptcy
bill are alraid the advocates of the invol
untary plan have a major. ty of votes and
bo will talk against time, if any attempt
Is made to get a vote. The Western Sen
ators ook upon the involuntary plan as
being in the interest of the East or the
creditor class, and argue tbat their bill,
when provides for involuntary bank
ruptcy in case of iraud only, gives all the
protection to both creditor and debtor
thai either class should ask.
The Hawaiian cable bill is clamoring for
recognition, but not witn any prospect of
passing at this session. The mends of
this measure want the Senate to recognize
ti.e importance of the scheme and give it
moral support by passing the bill. Thi«,
they say, will induce the Hawaiian Gov
ernment to extend the concessions already
granted to a private company and whlcn
will expire belore Congress can again have
time to consider the proposed cable
|ch«M.
Ti.e House to-morrow will resume con
sideration of the sundry civil appropria
tion bill. It will be in order to move that
the rules be suspended and the bill passed
without further reading or am-ndment.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois, in charge of the
bill, gave notice Saturday afternoon that
he would test the sense of the House upon
this proposition. Should thi3 motion not
prevail the bill is likely to remain the un
finished business before the House for the
re*t of the we k.
The navai appropriation bill wiil be re
ported Wednesday or Thursday. Chair
man Boutelle believes, and it will be
taken up as soon as possible.
AM RICA* LUMHt.It IS CniXA.
Great Demand for Oregon fine and
t alifornia Hedtroodt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 14.— An
important articie of import at Shanghai is
American lumber, according to a report
from Consul-General J. Erniean at that
port just received at the State Department.
It is generally pine from Oregon, although
considerable redwood from California
nnds an appreciative market there. East
ern China is almost denuded of trees,
causing its native supply of lumber to bo
very limited. The region back of Foo
Chow furnishes cocsiderable, but it is not
suitable for building purposes in a general
sense, yet it affords the means of a large
traffic between the natives. It is from the
too Cnow re-ion that the wood for mak
ing coffins is mostly obtained, the super
stition of tne Chinese permitting only
certain kindg to be used for this purpose.
From Bunan and other parts of West
ern China large quantities of pine are cut
and rafted down the Yangtse River, but
as a rule it is of a very inferior quality.
Some wood also finds its way from the in
terior to Canton. Teak and other vari
eties of hard wood are imported from the
East Indies, Siam and Burmab, and some
pine comes from Japan. Rtcemly a lot
of railroad ties were brought from Japan
to Tientsin. Between 20000,000 and '30,
--000,000 square feet 0/ lumber were im
porteu in 189G : of whicfc 14,000,000 came
from the United States, against about
9,000,000 for 1895.
The mills for which most of this was
needed are now comdete, but more will
be needed for railroads and houses, and
Americans are advised to make an effort
to secure the market.
JtyrEßlOß MUMS TISTJLQB.
The J896 Supply Is Plentiful, but tlir
Quality In I'nur.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 14.—'-Quan
tity Jarge, quality poor" is the description
of the Rhine vintage for 1896 seat to the
State Department by Consul Barlow at
Mayence. In many districts the dealers
had great dfficultv in getting casks enough
to hold the product, but the desirab.e
characteristics of the wine is decidedly in
ferior to that of other years. The 1896
wine, it is predicted, will be very light and
very cheap, and a great deal ol sugar will
have to be u*ed to make it palatable. A
general estimate of the Rhine wine crup
in recent years, in millions of gallons, is
as follows: 1896, 130; 1895, 139; 1894, 74,
and in 1893, 100.
'Vmn,i#,,i, Arhor Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 14.-Secre
tary of Agriculture Morton asserts that
the design of Arbor Lodge, which was re
cently the subject of some caustic com
ment by Senator Vest, was not the result
of any outlay of Government money; and
further referring to that matter Mr. Mor
ton applauds the beniricence of tne an
nual ot Arbor day, which tie says is now
celebrated In every State of the American
Union. The condemned illustration of
Arbor day, he say-, was borrowed from a
newspaper office and that no design in the
bulletin referred to by SenHtor Vest cost
the Government of the United States a
single cent.
Th* Timp A« rt Harbor Site.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 14.— The
Southern California Deep Water Commis
son is still holding its sessions in this
city, but no information has been given
out as to their coming decision. Among
those, who are interested are Richard
Kerens, Colonel Layton and Robert
Moore, all connected with San Pedro in
terests. William Hood of the Southern
Pacific Railway arrived to-day to watch
the interests of Santa Monica.
lurning Out Steel Hails.
PITTSBTJRG, Pa,, Feb. 14— Two more
railmills were put in operation at Car
negie's Edgar Thomson Steel Works at
Braddock to-niirht, giving employment to
350 men. At J. Painter & Sons' Iron and
Steel Works additional departments em
ploying 300 or 400 men will resume to
morrow morning. It is not expected that
prices for rails will go lower, but if such
should be the case the Carnegie Company
will meet all comp-tition.
J#r*. Ji'ech-r'a Condition.
■ STAMFORD, Can., Feb. 14. — Mrs.
Henry Ward Beecher pas-ed a very com
fortable day. She was conscious for a few
hours this morning, tine takes little nour
ishment.
•
John Randolph Tucker Churchill Dead.
LEXINGTON, Va., Feb. 14.—Hon. John
Randolph Tucker Churchill died to-night.
SEATTLE FORGER'S CONFESSION.
Bobbed a Friend and Passed Bogus
Checks to Obtain Money to
Squander.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 14.— Tne xnys
tery surrounding the robbery of John
Fry, who was relieved of $600 in gold by
his supposed friend, George H. Krumm,
at the Grand Central Hotel several months
ago, has been cleared away, and Krumm,
who is in jail in Seattle, has admitted the
crime. He was arrested there for passing
forged checks and confessed his wrong
doings. He says tbat infatuation for two
women, one of whom he married, caused
his troobies.
In September Krumm succeeded in get
ting John Fry to come down from Fort
Wrangel to go into the meat business
here. Fry came with $1000, but luckily
pui $400 into a Seattle bank. Just beiore
the partnership was completed Krumm
invited Fry to visit Tacoma on a pleasure
trip. Then it was that be stole the $600
from Fry's pockets. He went to Seattle
and kept quiet while the search was hot.
After that he spent his time and part of
his lii-gotten gains with his wile and Mai-
Winters.
His next move was to go to Spokane
with his wile, whom he left there, and
went to Vancouver, B. C. He worked at
Vancouver a while. He went to Olympia
last week, and was joined there by May
Winters. In order to get money he forged
checks that were cashed by an Olympia
merchant. He aad the woman landed in
Seattle w.th SO cents, and the next day he
raised $20. May got it. The following
morning he cashed more checks and then
was arrested.
MARIPOSA GROVE'S VISITORS.
Myriads of Beautiful Butterflies Make
Their Home Among the Pine
Trees.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. Feb. 14.— Just
back of Poini Pinos Lighthouse there is a
grove of pine trees, locally known as
Moriposa Grove, "mariposa" being the
Spanish word for butterfly. Butteifl.es
are always to be found there, but never
have they congregated in such great
numbers as are to be seen since the recent
raius. They began appearing Jast Sun
day, and their numbers have steadily in
creased until now there are so many that
they hang in great clusters from the trees
and fly about like fallin • leaves in an
autumn gust|of wind. As they rest upon
the dark green of the pine needles or i.ang
from the long gray moss, they present a
strikingly beautiful appearance, their
gorgeous brown and gold wines opening
and shutting slowly against the more
somber background. Many people, es
pecially Eastern tourists, walk and ride to
Mariposa Grove to enjoy the pretty and
novel sight. The question is, why at this
particular time of the year and in that
one small area, there are so many of one
variety of butttrfly. No one has suc
ceeded in discovering but the one kind—
that which has large brown wings dotted
with a rich yellow.
I A CO 31 A.' S MC "ICirAL WAR.
Text of the Chnrrren Anaimtt the C\Hl
Service Commiision.
TACOMA, Wash , Feb. 14.— The mem
bers of the Civil Service League have pre
ferred charges with the City Council
against the Civil Service Commission,
alleging negligence and incompetence.
The council has set the hearing for
March 1.
The charge 13 that George Sanderson
and Joun Sheridan, candidates at the last
spring examination, obtain d copies of
the answers from John W. Todd, now at
816 California street, with the Commercial
Electric and Power Company of San Fran
cisco. The commission admits havinc
asked Todd to prepare the questions on
account of his expert knowledge, trusting
in bis honor not to divulge.
The Supreme Court recently restored
the Civil Service Commission "office, and
the officials were appointed by ex- Mayor
Fawcett, the fusion Mayor who was
unseated in the court. The present
Mayor, E. S. Orr, it a Republican, and the
restoration of toe commission places
Chief of Police Smith out of office, as he
did not take the examination.
Mill Valley* leathered Bongtter:
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 14.— The
imported song birds which are now con
fined in a large aviary on the Barkan
property under the cart of the Society for
the Acclimation and Protection of the
Singing Birds of Mill Valley will be re
leased next Sunday if the weather is favor
able. The birds are in excellent condition,
and among the varieties to be released are
uoldfincbes, thrushes and chatiincnes.
fetnluma Partner*' Institute.
PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 14.— The farm
ers are showing great interest in the
next meeting of the Farmers' Institute,
which will be held here, the programme
being arranged for two days, the 26th and
27>h last. PaDerswili be read by Profes
sor M. E. Jaffa, E. W. Davis, Professor E.
s. Lippiit and others prominent iv affaira
horticultural.
The nerves upon rich, nourishing blood and
there will be no more nervousness. Nerves
are made strong by purifying the b'.ood with
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Puriaer.
Hood's Pills cure liTer Ills; easy to take,
easy to operate, :25c.
PLEASANT JAUNT
TO IONE'S SCHOOL
Legslators and Friends
Enjoy a Sunday
Journey.
Everything Found in Good Con
dition at the Model
Reformatory.
Plenty of Eating an! Drills anl
Music by the Boy
Inmates
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, Feb. 14— A
special train bearing an excursion party
of 400 people, consisting of legislators and
their friends, pulled out of the depot here
shortly after 9 o'clock thi- morning and
came to a stop in the foothills at lone
about two hours later. The destination
of the invaders was the Preston School ot
Industry, about half a mile out of town,
to which they had been invited by the
trustees of the institution. Trie party
was in charge of Senator Voorheis and
Assemblyman Caminetti.
The morning opened cloudy, but the
sun soon broke through the clouds and
made an ideal day for the jaunt. At lone
the hospitable people of the town and the
trustees awaited the visitors with vehicles
of all kinds to convey them to the school.
The procession was a motley one, com
prising nearly every description of thing
on wheels, from the pliant and bouncing
buckboard to the swaying and lumbering
coach.
When all had been safely disembarked
at the handsome Administration building
lnnch was announced. Nearly every
apartment had been converted into a
temporary dining-room, and few had to
wait for a second table.
The afternoon was passed in inspecting
the trades building where' printing, shoe
making, tailoring, carpentering, black
smithing, tinning and plumbing are
taught, and in visiting the dairy and
stock-breeding farm.
Laser there was an open-air drill, in
which all of the 232 inmates participated,
and made a most creditable showing.
The bchool's brass band, which played
airs of welcome during the arrival of tiie
TSTEVT to-sat.
TOTHE POINT.
THIS WEEK
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO v
THAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW .... .
DINNER SET.
fi'fl piece Pure White English Ware. 3.50
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best 7et
f%(\ piece Light Blue Spray Decoration. y|.75
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best! ■ "fa
f\(\ ccc Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K«5O
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best *-* p % t
1 00 piece Pure White English Ware. C.OO
■M" Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best w.*^,
100 $ ieee tigMßl ue 'SP m y Decoration. ' J* 5 ®
- ■"" Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ pc / d
(00 cc B eau ty u l Wild Flower Decoration.
■"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect l^'^Ok
gem. Complete for 12 persons. Quality # warranted best p Zt
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
f ■■■ ■-• ••-■-■■■.
This Week's Prices Enable Everybody
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY SAVING STORES.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
140 Sixth Street. 146 Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. 218 Third Street!
2510 Mission Street. 2008 Rllmore Street.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street.
L 4 -!?w° Ik Street * . 3006 Sixteenth 'StreeL
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. 328 5 Mission Street i
— OAKLAND STORES: V *
1053 Washington Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
131 San Pablo Avenue. 917 Broadway.
$ 1355 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
visitors, lent a martial zest to the exhibi
tion by its strains.
The start on «he return trip was made
a. 4 p. m., and by 6 o'clock the excursion
is* had again been swallowed up in the
pooulation of the capital city after a most
enjoyable and instructive day.
'Tie school is named in honor of E. M.
Pretton who originated and introduced
the Measure whicii established the inetl-"^
tutio* and who was subsequently ap- J
poinud president of the board of trus
tees. The other trustees are L. J. Maddox
and Fiyette Mace. The superintendent is
E. Carl" Bank.
The institution is designed to be a place
of reformation for boys whose habits of
life and environment are leading them
toward a criminal career. It is not con
ducted on the plan of a penal institution
but ratheras its name indicates as an in
dustrial school; and thus the reformation
is not accomplished by any retributive or
punative means, but ratuer by proving
to the boys the value of good conduct and
a good reputation, giving them an edu
cation and teaching them some means of
earning a living. The school consists of
three departments: Academic, military
and industrial, . tid each boy is a pupil in
every department.
MARIN COUNTY ELECTION CONTEST
Great Interest Evinced in Political Circle*
Because of the Intricate Questions
Involved.
SAN RAFAEL. Cat,., Feb. 14.— The
election contest brought in the Marin
County Superior Court by Adolph Sylva,
the defeated candidate for Supervisor,
against George E. Ring, his successful op
ponent, will come up before Judge F. M.
Angellotti on Tuesday. The case has ex
cited considerable interest in political cir
cles, and various questions aiising in re
gard to the purity of election laws will be
settled. Svlva was defeated by thirty-two
votes, and in due time filed notice of his
intention to contest the election, claiming
that the election laws were not carried
out properly and that Ring had violated
the purity of election act.
The case had neen on hearing for some
days before Judge Angeliotti, when oneV|'
morning the Judee ordered the proceed- ¥*
ings stopped and announced that after
mature deliberation he had concluded
that evidence relative to the violation of
the purity act could not be urged in a
civil case against a candidate not declared
elected, ana he would so hold. The only
procedure possible was criminal prosecu
tion. He therefore ordered all evidence
touching violation of the purity act to be
stricken from the record, but at the same
time called the attention of District At
torney E. B. Martinelli to the nature of
the testimony.
Sylva introduced evidence to show that
in Bolinas precinct the election booths
were so arranged that one could easily
look over a voter's shoulder and see the
manner in which he stamped his ballot.
♦
Senator' Elect jUimon Snriaunly 111.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— Senator-elect
Mason was taken suddenly ill with nerv
ous prostration to-day and was uncon
scious for thirty minutes. After a consul
tation of physicians it was decided to tate
him South.NATURE'S GIFT TO
SAN LUIS OBISPO
In Climate, Resources and
Soil the County Is
Not Surpassed.
Gteat Stock Ranges and Fruit
Orchards Yield Wealth to
Its Residents.
Picturesque Towns Nest ing in Val
leys Between tbe Mountains
and the Pacific
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Feb. 10.—
Chart-makers place ban Luis Obispo in
tha first rank with notable localities of
th i world. Projecting the isothermal line
westward across tbe ocean it strikes land at
Yeddo on the eastern shore of Japan,
thence on it touches Jerusalem, the
sacred city of the lard of Canaan; thence
•on it crosses the Mediterranean, on the
northern shores of which lie Asia Minor,
Grerce, Italy and Spain, countries cele
brated the dawn of history for their
climate, their productions, their land
scape and their people; thence on the
line crosses the Atlantic to Cape Hattere.s,
then over North Carolina, Tennessee,
Arkansas, New Mexico, Arizona and back
'to Sin Luis Obispo in California.
But the mean temperature of the six
coliiest months of the yoar is still more
satisfactory in comparison with other fa
mous places of the world. In San Luis
Obispo it is 56.15 degrees; in Santa Bar
bara, 56 55 dtgrees; in Nice, Italy, 48 45
degrees; in Mentone, France, 53.21 de
grees; in the City of Mexico, 56.03 de
grees. In a word, so far as climate goes
toward making life enjoyable San Luis
Obispo compares favorably with the most
famous localities of the world.
In soil and natural resources San Luis
Obispo may well claim to equal any other
county in the State, The topography of
the county presents many striking fea
tures. The Santa Lucia range of moun
tains, rising near Monterey Hay, divides
the county into two parts, about one-third
on the western side and fronting the
ocean, and two-thirds on the eastern side
iv the interior. But this mountain range
itsell invites consideration.
1 It is broad and comparatively low. The
general elevation is about 2000 feet. Many
parts of it have gently sloping sides cov
ered with grass and oak trees or chaparral,
and the soil is good. On the flat summits
in some parts the soil is superior. Within
tbe range are beautiful valleys and pla
teaus of excellent land. It has a pro
nounced thermal belt, covering fine bench
lands and secludd valleys, where frost is
almost unknown and semi-tropical plants
Sourish. The lower foothills are usually
broad and rolling and are separated by
small, deep valleys, in which water flow's
from the mountains.
On tne western side facing the ocean
there are no iarge tracts of level land.
Undulating mesas comprise the greater
'part. Small rica valieys Jie along tbe
streams which find thei: way to the ocean.
Ihe most noted of these is the Arroyo
Grande. A never-failing stream of pure
water divides this valley of wonderful fer
tility, unsurpassed by the soil of the Nile
Ya.ley. The yalley land proper embraces
about 13,000 acres and is about a mile
wide. Even well-read Californians who
know nothing of this valley will stare
wide-eyed over sober every-day facts of
production in this valley. The writer
himself saw carrots which weiphed 30
pounds; cauliflowers, 34 to 3B pounds; cab
bages, 85 to 90 pounds, and sunflowers
which measured 23 inches across the face.
Strawberries yield and ripen every month
in the year. But the readers' credulity is
already sorely taxed no doubt, and otner
parts of tbe cuunt;y deserve attention.
The northwestern portion ot the county
is given up mainly to dairying and raising
stock, though there are quite a number of
line old apple orchards near Cambria, and
some cherry trees also. The writer meas
ured one cherry tree which was tweniy
bix inches iv diameter five feet from the
ground. He also found apple trees a foot
in diameter, and a pear tree fourteen
inches through the center. AH these
tree* bear heavy crops. The celebrated
Hearst ranch of ~900 acres, devoted to
blooded horses, lies about two rniies from
Cambria.
Nearly all the fruits grown in Cali
fornia may be found in perfection on tne
western slopes of the mountains, and most
of them flourish even down to the shore
line of the ocean in the south ena of the
county, though but few large orchards
•have been planted in this part of the
county, the land, .ike the Cambria coun
try, being devoted mainly to stock-raising
and dairy farms. Tne apple, apricot ana
vroinut seem to have been favorites with
those who have put out the larger or
chards.
Grapes of the highest quality are pro
duced in abundance on the higher laiid I
nvar the mountains wherever vineyards
are to be found. The olive, the lemon and
tue oiange are urown successiuMy, and
. fi«s also ripen in perfection in the vicinity
of the city.
On the eastern side of the mountains
grain-growing and sheep-raisin •■: . were
Tormerly and are still the chief industries.
* In early days sheep-raising was tie lead
ing business. But fruit-crowing is grad
ually displacing tbese older occupations
since this portion of the couniv is found
to.be one of the best fruit-prouueiug sec
tions in the State. Here are found «ome
laree tracts of level land, more especially
on the eastern side of the county. In the
vicinity of Templeton, Pasj lloblea and
ban Miguel are some of tue best of the
■mailer orchards in the State.
The olive seems to thrive here as if in
Its own Habitat, so far as one may judge
by the growth of the young trees, which
have been quite extensively planted over
a considerable portion of lhis larger half
of the county in small orchards at various
points. Apricots, pears and peaches also
grow to perfection. The prune, however,
seems by odds to be the favorite tree ol
orchardists in ail this region where it
grows with a vigor and thrift not excelled
in any part of the State and is as prolific
a bearer as the most avaricious coulu
reasonably desire.
The reader will be misled if he infers
from what has been written of this region
that it is thickly settled and the land
mostly under cultivation. Reference has
beer, made only to various settlements in
different portions of this immense tract of
country. True, the land has long since
passed into t;ri>ate ownership, but Is stili
largely devoted to pasturage.
One cattle ranpe alone is inclosed by a
"ire lence forty miles long, an average of
ten miles on each side if in the form of a
square. This is the famous Cressey cattle
ranch, which the writer parsed :n a ride
of twenty-five miles easi from Templeton
>io the great Kstrella Valley, where the
San Juan and Cuoiame .rivers unite to
form the Estrelia River, which in turn is
lost in the Salinas River at San Miguel,
twenty miles below. On this trip but lew
habitations were passed after leaving
Crtston, twelve miles east of Templeton.
Nature yet reigns supreme in silent soli
tudes »>f undulating plains, rolling hills
and fertile valleys in the greater part of
this eastern portion of tne county, which
is girt about on the east, the south and
the west by verdure-clad or tree-crowned >
or bald, ru^ced mountains, standing. a3
huge walls of defense for this favorite and
secluded recion.
The writer has gazed in hushed awe
from the summit of a snowclad peak in
far Alaska upon a hundred miles of ma
jestic mountain? robed in eternal ice and
snow, and has felt the all-subduing power
of nature in her unspeakable sublimity,
her enchanting distances and her mighty
grandeur, but here in eastern San Luis
Obispo he has met her in nearness, tender
ness and loveliness, with a smiling wel
come fur all who have found her at home
here and have taken up their abode with
her among these hills and in these val
leys, showerin? her bountiful gifts upon
them and crowning all with her rarest
blessing, exuberant health and a spirit of
contentment, making one long to be of
the har>T y number who have here found
prosperity and peace as tillers of the soil.
The climate of eastern San Luis Obispo
is decidedly different from that on the
western side of the mountains. There is
some frost in winter and the beat of sum
mer sometimes reaches 90 degrees, but is
not oppressive, while, the nights are cool.
Though the air is dry it has a touch of
the sea breeze, which imparts a sense of
freshness quite unlike the parch heat
of the interior on the Mojave plains. Peo
ple afflicted with asthma and pulmonary
ailments find it a most satisfactory and
agreeable climat*. Tbese climatic condi
tions make this region peculiarly favor
able for ripening anu curing prunes, rigs
and raisins in perfection. In summer
time the mornings and evenings possess a
charm seldom found elsewhere. The
bracing air and clear sunshine of the •
colder months give health and vigor to
the most delicate constitutions.
As already indicated, the county of San
Luis Obispo bai not reached a high state
of industrial and commercial develop
ment. This is owing to its comparative
isolation from the great thor ughiares of
travel until within a short time; but the
railroad has finally penetrated tne center
of the county, and population and de
velopments will now increase more
rapidly, particularly as land values do not
range nearly so high as in other favored
portions of the State, which will invite
thrifty settlers to locate here unless the
blight of land speculation interferes with
the settlement of the people who are con
tent with small holdings thoroughly
tilled.
Templeton, Paso Robles and San
Miguel, on the line of the railroad, are
tne chief centers of population on the
east side of the mountains. San Luis
Obispo, the county seat, and Arroyo
Grande are tne two larger towns on the
western slope fronting tbe ocean. The
chief town, San Luis Obispo, hps a popu
lation of about 3000. It is situate! near
the base of the mountain in a charming
valley, within a semi-circle of lesser
mountain peaks which stand as guard in
sentinels about the quiet little city. It is
but nine miles to tidewater in the snug
harbor, where the steamships meet the
railway train on the wharf at Port Har
ford.
Fame assuredly awaits this beautiful
little city as a place of homes for cultured
people of means and as a health and
pleasure resort On the delightful slopes
above the town some cozy homes are al
ready seen. The writer strolled in the af
ternoon up to one of these abodes of peace
and ease. Trees and vines surround it.
About the doors in lavish profusion are
flowers and shrubs in endless variety.
Tender plants from the tropics nourish
here in the open air. The noble poinsetta
is here in all the glory of its royal gleam
ing red:
Kegal In its splendid glow,
Seeming Dice to her we know,
Who in ages lon* since fled
Lifted up her queenly head
By the river of the .Nile,
Winning kingdoms by her smile,
Egypt*! sun within her eyes.
In her hair the midnight dyes,
In tier cheeks tbe sunset flame,
In her lips or deathless fame,
In the brightness of her face
All tne rIo y of her race—
• lropatia-like to stand
Queen of all our blooming land.
But space woul i fail me to tell of the
tropical vigor and luxuriance of a scarlet
passion-vine covering t c eastern end of
the two-story residence, and of the stateli
ness of a ereat royal Gold of Ophir rose
bush, and of its charming Rive dOr
neighbor, and of the scarlet hybiscus, the
camphor and a hundred other rare plants.
I conclude by saying that I have only
half told the story of what should be
written of San Luis Ooispo County, assur
ing the reader that he will not be disap
pointed when he goes there to see for him
self, provided, only, that his eyes are
trained to see and appreciate the country.
Joseph Asbukt Johxson.
'. i •> 11. i.WnM l. s AS MIXERS.
liuch's* and Jlarone** Take Out it-,
ensen nt JVr'w Wettmlniter.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 14.— British
Columbia now numbers among Its free
miners registered at New Westminster a
real live duchess and a rich baronet's
wife. The former is Millicent St. Clair
Erskine Leveson-Gower. the youne wife of
his Grace, tne Duke of Sutherland; the
latter Lady Ross of Croniarty, Scotland.
Both took out miners' license* by proxy,
and their names will doubtless facilitate
the acquirement of mining properties by
their titled spouses.
Another English peer, Lord Sudely, in
addition to mine investments on the north
coast of British Columbia, is largely inter
ested in the Joe Dandy free-milling gold
mine, in the Okanogan country. His lord
ship, who was recently all but "broke" by
agricultural depression in the old coun
try, now seems likely to get a good deal
of bis wealth back by gold mining in a
very new country.
Will Hemain at nan Diego.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 14.— A telegram
received by Director-General Dodge and
Mayor Carlson to-night from the admiral
of the British squadron at Esquimau
states that H. M. t>. Com us, now in port,
will be Deimitted to remain here until
after the water carnival February 22. The
carnival committee and tne officers and
men of tbe Comua are jubilant.
— «
favor* liocal Insurance Companies.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 14.— San Jose
Grange yesterday afternoon adopted a
resolution urging the passage of the
Mutual Fire Insurance bill now before the
Legislature, which provides for local in
surance oreamzationa. It was the general
opinion of the members that it would re
sult in incalculable benefit to the farmers,
as was proved by similar laws in opera
tion in other States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
VIEW OF SAN LUIS OBISPO.
STUART ATTENDS
CHURCH IN CARSON
Lull in Pugilistic Gossip
at the Silver State's
Capital.
SportiDg Men Observe the Day
of Rest Together With
the Natives.
No Credence Given tbe Rumor Tha
the Fight May Be Delayed
by Injunction.
CARSON, Nev.. Feb. 14.— There is a lull
to-day in prize-ring gossip in Carson.
Most of the population attended church.
> Dan Stuart, who loves to have his mind at
ease on one day in the week, slipped
quietly into a pew in tbe Episcopal house
of worship and remained during the ser
vice unobserved by any one. When the
collection-plate bad passed him it con
tained a shining gold piece.
Stuart was brought up iv the Episcopal
faith, and his calling as a promoter of
athletics and physical culture exercise*
has not weaned him from the fold. He has
a line bass voice and joined in the singing
of the Gregorian chants with great gusto.
The kolak fiends complain of the queer,
deceptive light which they encounter in
Carson. They say that all pictures need
more exposuie to tbe light, which, while
appearing very bright, is not quite so
bright as it seems. Its peculiarity is fully
understood only when the negatives taken
in it are developed and founJ to be "under
exposed." This is due to the atmospheric
conditions at this altitude.
It was odd to note that one of the first
carpenters to be hired on the building ot
the handball court at fcnaws Springs was
a fierce opponent oi the prize-fight bill.
He accepted the job at $4 a day, and when
asked to work on Sunday made no objec
tion.
Dan Stuart was paralyzed when he
started to order his lumber at being con
fronted with a $16-a-thousand rate. He
thought he was being "worked," but as a
matter of fact this has for years been the
price of rough lumber in Carson. It is
understood that Stuart will rent his lum
ber and return it, as the building is to be
| only a temporary structure. The site of
the permanent building has not yet been
selected.
The rumor comes from Reno that the
people will charge Corbett $1000 to box on
the stage, under the same law that allows
him to fight on the 17th, and if he refuses
a test case will be made. It is even hinted
that an injunction will be put on the
fijjht to prevent it for six months, but this
talk is not seriously considered. The li
cense has been issued, Stuart nas paid his
$1000 for it and lawyers say that the ac
ceptance of the money settles all further
talk. Stuart said tl.is evening that the
rumored threats were giving him no con
cern wnatever. The tight would positively
come off at the time advertised. Hia ring
would be ready for the men and the men
ready for the ring.
District Attorney McGowan of Amador
County was interviewed this evening re
garding the possibility of charging Cor
bott $1000 ii he put on a play witn a box
ing scene in it. McGowan said such a
play could not be stopped.
••Joe Murphy was here not long ago
with 'Kerry Gow,' " said he. "It contains
a horseshoeing scene, and it requires a
municipal license in this city to rnn a
blacKsmitn-shop. As well might we rush
in and stop the play or ask the main scene
to be cut because he had no blacksmith's
license as to cut Corbett's boxing scene.
The legal principle is as old as the hills,
and has frequently been decided by the
courts."
dreams He quipped corbett.
I'itziimmans Twice Earn* Laurel
Wreath* as Be Sleep:
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 14.— A special to
the Tribune from Denver says: "I saw
pictures of particles cf Corbett's blood
and a dead man's, and I must confess
that the blood of the corpse looked the
healthier," said Bob Fitzsimmons this
evening at the Windsor Hotel, when
asked about the recent examination of
Corbett by a New York physician named
o' Bryan; who pronounced the champion
physically perfect.
Fitzsimmons arrived this morning from
Pueblo, accompanied by Dan Hlckey,
Ernest Roeber and Ed Cole. Julian lett
the party at Pueblo and started directly
for Nevada to arrange for the training
quarters. . VV
"I feel absolutely confident as to the
result of the fight at Carson," said Fitz
simmons,. "and I do not think that there
will be so very many rounds fought. • Of
course, things may not go exactly as I
think they will, '\ but I will be all right
financially either way. Whether I win or
lose, I will < tour the country with my
vaudeville company, managed by Julian,
and according to my notion I will get
more money it I lose. Did not Sullivan
make money after the Corbett fight?
And look at Peter Maher, whom I licked
i in one round."
< Fitzsimmons appears to be in even
better condition than when he was here
some weeks ago, and weighs about 185
pounds. He expects to take off about six
pounds in training.
"I believe that if Erne and Dixon meet,"
continued tne pugilist, "tbe colored
man will win without a doubt, as he is the
cleverest man in his class in the world.
Sharkey and Maher? Why, Peter will
knock him out in two rounds — possibly
one. I knocked him out in the second
round in our so-called tight in San Fran
cisco, but the combination allowed him to
resume. I would not figiit with Sharkey
again, for I don't care to rapet such people,
but if I ever do meet him I'll guarantee to
kill him stone dead before he leaves the
ring."
There ha? been considerable talk in the
Eastern newspapers as to the Kangaroo
lander having dreamed that he had
"licked" Corbett, and that previous to
each of his big fights he always had the
result announced to him white sleeping.
This Fitzsimmons denies, but he says
that twice on his trip West he has dreamed
that he had beaten the champion.
Maker Hants a Battle.
BUFFALO, N. V., Feb. 14.— Peter
Maher will box six rounds with C. C.
Smitli, the "Thunderbolt," before the
Empire Athletic Club to-morrow night.
Maher arrived to-night and says he never
felt better in his life. Brightly Dayton,
Mahcr's manager, stated to-night that
Peter would go after the winner of the big
tigiit at Carson and would have $10,000 to
$15,000 for a side stake. Maher would also
light Sharkey at Carson if Stuait could
arrange iv Dayton was emphatic in say
ing that but . Corbett and Fitzsimmons
were afraid of the Irish champion, but
that the one who won in their fight would
be compelled to meet him or quit the
ring. The Maber party will leave here
for the west on Tuesday.
11 All y All It AS.lt lALB.
Again Thrir T«it»« Will Compete on
Water, Track and Field.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 14.— Haivard
and Yale are again united. Alter a weari-.
'ale are again united. Alter a wean
some period of secret negotiations, the two
universities hare reached a definite under
standing, and for five years at least the
crimson and the blue will contend on
water, track and Held, just as they did in
the good old days before the breach was
made in the summer of 1395. The final
agreement directly resulted from the visit
of Walter Camp of Yale to Dr. William A.
Brooks Jr. of Harvard, Saturday evening.
After several hours' conference these two
delegates of the athletic interests of the
two leading universities signed the follow
ing agreement:
"It is hereby agreed by and between the
Harvard Athletic committee and the Yale
athletic management that there shall be
annual contests in rowing, football, base
ball and tracE athletics between the repre
sentative organizations of Yale and
'Harvard, beginning March 1, 1897, and
ending March 1, 1902, the details of these
contests to be left to the managers and
captains. It is also agreed that all con
tests with the exception of rowing races,
shall take place on college grounds and
that the net gate receipts shall be equally
.divided between the two contesting or
ganizations. This agreement ii condi
tional upon the appointment on or before
April 1, 1897, of a committee to consist of
one graduate of each university, to whom
shall be referred all disagreements in any
way relating to athletics and all questions
of eligibility. The decision of tuis com
mittee is to be final.
"In case of a disagreement between the
members of this committee it shall have
the power to call upon a third person to
sottle the particular question in dispute.
Exception to clause 1: Owing to Har
vard's present boating agreement Yale is
willing to make a thirl party in the Har
vard-Cornell race at Poughkeepsie in 1897
if Harvard so arranges.
"Yale is to be definitely informed of the
decision regarding and the date of the race
on or before March 1, 1897. If the race for
1897 is arranged Yale is to have the privi
lege of naming either .Poughkeepsie or
New London for the race of l!>98, tha races
of succeeding years to be eoverned by the
main body of this agreement. If the race
for I.*d7 is not arranged that failure shall
in no wise affect the general agreement,
and th*» place tor the race of 1898 shall
then be governed by the terms of the gen
eral agreement."
The announcement of a five years'
agreement with Yale has filled Harvard
with joy. Graduates and undergraduates
at Harvard square are delighed with s«o
satisfactory an agreement. The captains
of ilin baseball teams are especially
pleased.
The d:ite for tbe track teams is already
practically decided upon as June 15 at
New Haven.
BAX JOSH'S IJVO Ml OH\
Two Silver Bled.nl it Added to the Xi«t of
Trophle* Offered.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 14.— The Califor
nia St. Bernard Club has offered two sil
ver medals for competition at the dog
s how to be held in this c:ty by the Santa
Clara County Poultry and Kennel Club on
March 31 to April 3. The prizes will be
given for the best ruugn-coated and
smooth-coated dogs of that variety.
The ciub has decided to divide the ex
hibits into 180 different classes. Entries
close on March 18. A large number of
special prizes have been offered by local
merchants. From present indications
the entries promise to be numerous*
Football at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.— One of
the most warmly contested sanies of foot
ball of the season was played here to-day
between a team from Company F and a
Fairfield team. It resulted iv a victory
for the local team by a score of 3 to 0.
Hail Caiualt;/ at I' or 11 and.
PORTLAND, Ob., Feb. 14.— Franz Nagle,
a Bavarian shoemaker, was killed to-night
by being run over by a Northern Pacific
passenger train in the northern portion of
the city. _
TO CUK£ A COLD IN ONE OAT.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. Alldrug
gists refund the money it It lalls to cur*}, liso
RICHEST STRIKE
AT RANDSBURG
Ore Yielding Six Thousand
Dollars in Gold to
the Ton.
Discovery Made in a Mine That
Was Regarded as of Little
Value.
Is Owners Were About to Bond I
With Two Others at a Nom
inal Figure.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 14. -The
roosi intense excitement yet created by a
discovery in tuat camp of marvels —
Randsburg — has followed a little desul
tory investigation by one of the owners of
the Monfcey Wrench mines, which de
veioped ore capable of producing $8000 of
gold to the ion. On the day of the strike
Hit- mine was visited by over 500 people,
all anxious to get a specimen ot the rock,
which the generous owner permitted each
one to take away with him. The discov
ery was made on a location filed upon a
year ago by Oren Osborne, J. L O->borne
and Louis Maynard. They believed it a
good claim, but bad not done much work
on it, nor had they ever found much
float on its surface.
The Osborne boys were in the office of
James I*. McCarthy at Randsburg last
Wednesday, and were about negotiating a
bond on the J I C, Big Wed^e and
Monkey Wrench properties. The princi
pal value was believed to attach to the
former two, and the Monkey Wrench was
simply thrown in to complete the group.
While waiting for the papers to be made
out. J. L. Osborne took a stroll across to the
mines, which are on the hill north of the
town.
In going up the hill he found a piece of
rock weighing, perhaps, two pounds, with
gold visible all over it. lie then traced
up the hill some 300 feet and found the
ledge almost on topoi the ridge and facing
Garlock and the valley below.
The vein shows only about four inches
on the surface, but widens to double that
width at a depth of three feet, which is
the greatest depth attained. The ore is
fabulously rich and shows very coarse
gold — the coarsest, in fact, of any yet
found in the camp.
A bond for uiteen days was given on
these properties some time ago, and they
were reported sold by Attorney Shinn,
but the sale was never consummated. At
the time of this strike John Crawford hela
a written agreement to sell them at a
stipulated price, but he generously re
leased the owners from the agreement.
Crawford did, however, buy Louis May
nard's one-fourth interest in the Monkey
Wrench and Big Wedge for $1000 on the
evening of the day on which the strike
was made. This claim adjoins the Wedge
mine, owned by Rogers, Pepper and Allen
on the northeast. The Big Wedge ad
joins t*ie Good Hope on the west, the Lit
tle Butte lying immediately south of it,
while tue Monkey Wrench lies just west
of these two, adjoining about half of each.
Just south of the Monkey Wrench is the
Little Butte, and just south of this the
Ist. Charles. These mines and their con
tiguity to the rich Good Hope, Wedge and
Butte mines, now being worked, consti
tute them one of the most valuable groups
on the Rand.
WAS A PUPIL OF MODJESKA.
Miss Marguerite Hupp, Who Eloped With
Sephen Mott, Lived in San
Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 14.— 1t has
been ascertained that Miss Marguerite
Hupp, the britle^in the elopement and
marriage episode which had its ending at
Santa Ana yesterday, was no less a per
soncge than a highly esteemed pupil of
Mme. Modjeska in the dramatic art. All
of Miss Hupp' s friends and relatives live
San Francisco, and she ranks as one of
the most cultured and attractive young
ladies of that City. Just how the ac
quaintance was forme 1 between herself
and young Mott is not known.
Stephen Mott, the happy groom, is a
risinp younj; attorney, who had just ef
fected a partnership with Hon. Frank
Davis, a criminal lawyer and an eloquent
and able public speaker, late of Minne
sota. The partners have one of the finest
law offices in this city. The junior mem
ber has scores of good friends in Los An
tjeles and other Southern California towns.
It is stated that Mr. Mott and his bride
had been betrothed for some time, but
that parental oojection prevented a mar
riage according to usual custom — hence
the elopemenu
I- OK A HIGHER IAHIFF.
Southern California Ornnge - Grower*
' Continw the Campaign.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. *14.— The
movement made iv behalf of citrus-fruit
culture for a higher tariff upon imported
oranges is • being • pushed 1 at Riverside,
Red lands, Highlands and Ontario. At a
meeting of growers held Saturday night
to hear the report of the .. committee ' ap
pointed at a previous . meeting to solicit
funds with which to send a representative
to Washington, to work for a high protec
tive tariff, the committee reported that
1793 48 had been subscribed and $203 06 of
this sum paid in. The meeting adjourned
until to-morrow, when a delegate will be
selected. There is a feeling among many
of the growers that tiie representative
should be a practical orchardist and land
owner, ana should be chosen more for his
knowledge of the business and its needs
in the way of tariff.
Sla*hed With a Rnznr.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 14.— M. Ben
genzo got into a fight with two unknown
men ever the payment for a drink this
evening in a saloon on Buena Vista street,
and one knocked him down with a block
of wood. The other slashed Bengenzo
under the leit ear with a razor. Bengenzo
nearly bled to death, several arteries hav
ing been severed, before medical assist
ance reached him.
TACOMA'S CUBAN SYMPATHIZERS.
Spanish Flag Dragged Through the Streets
by Workingmen and Then n^
Destroyed by Fire.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 14.— About 200
workingmen paraded the business streets
in the rain this afternoon, trailing in the
mud a Spanish flag. The crowd assem
bled at the corner of Twelfth and Pacitic
avenues, where several speakers made in
flammatory addresses, denouncing Cano
vas del Castillo, the Prime Minister of
Spain, as a villain, assassin and despot,
and protesting in the strongest language
against the cruelties practiced in Cuba
and the Philippine Islands.
Resolutions were read in which regret
was expressed that Canovas coul.i not be
put under the same torture as his hench
men. Lieutenant Portas and Judge Marzo,
have put Ashen Mollas, Simhe Nias and
tne other 380 unfortunates now moaning
in the cellars of Mont Jinish Castle.
Then, amid groan?, hisses and jeers, the
Spanish flag was ignited and burned, men
trampling on the last of it as it was being
consumed.
Among many of the bystanders the
whole affair was regarded as a huge joke,
but the participants, many of whom were
well known, were decidedly in earnest.
DEATH AT SANTA CLARA.
Re if. Benedict P/ccardo, the Italian Pro
fessor of Classics, Crosses to
the Beyond.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 14.— Rev. Bene
dict Piccardo, S.J., died at Santa Clara
College yesterday afternoon. He was a
native of Voltri, Genoa, and was 78 years
of age. He was educated at the College
of the Barnabites at Finale, near his birth
place. In 1838 he entered the Jesuit
Order at Chieri.
When the Jesuits were expelled from
Italy in 1848, he, with several others, went
to South America to labor in the missions
there. ±Ie came to California in 1856 and
was stationed at Santa Clara, where
he acted as assistant parish priest and
took charge of a cnurch at Redwood City
ana a mission chapel at Haifmoou Bay.
Father Piccardo was appointed pro
fessor of classics at St. Ignatius College,
San Francisco, in 1859, where he taugnt
until 1868. He then came to this city aiid
remained until about three years ago,
when he removed to Los Gatos. Until a
few months ago he bad charge of the
churches at Gua<Jalupe ana New Alma
den. His funeral will take place to-mor
row at 10 o'clock.
JtUY WHO I.AHS AHRESTBU.
Captured ffhile Attempting to Carry
Aivay 'Jheir Loot
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 14.— John Bailey,
George Tiegler and Fred Bailey, boys
ranging from 18 to 20 years of age, are
being held at the police station on charges
of burglary. Yesterday it was reported to
Chief Kidwar ttiat an entrance had been
effected to several vacant houses on Dei
mas avenue, near San Fernando street,
and the lead pipe used in plumbing re
moved. The pipe had been piled in one
of the bouses preparatory to removal. A
couple of officers were stationed in the
house to watch for the thievest, and about
9 o'clock last night the three boys called
for their loot, when they were arrested.
They will be arraigned before Justice
Gass to-morrow.
Ready for tits Bulb Shoxc.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 14.— A1l is in
readme-s for the bulb snow of the Santa
Clara Valley Floral Society which will be
held at Turn Verein Hall next Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. The bulbs under
cultivation are coming out nicely, and the
success of the show is assured. A fine
musical and literary programme will be
given each evening.
NEW TO-SAT.
THE BEST $10
Made=to=Order
Suit in America.
The Suits we are making
Qff^JLgs^^^^ . to order for $10 can not be
vGy s , duplicated by any tailor for
■iSii / " r^k And these Suits are not
§l|*il %*?f3ar 'iliik thrown together either; they
EfSn fed^^ : W are ta^ orec^ ■by men who
Ifflrffll V;; . know their business ; well
ST I |\ | I lined and guaranteed to fit
g I f [>A A great variety of styles
ia \^> V Ji^^ h'^v of cloth, every piece guar-
a^^^^F^ A^lJr r.nteed pure wool, to select
7r7/ / To show our confidence in
* ' " » the clothes we make, we keep
every suit in repair one year
P f free of all charge. . You're
welcome to look through our
stock any time.
Don't be deceived by our
imitators. Look for the
name S. N. WOOD & CO.
We have positively but two
stores as given below.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
TWO STORES:
541 CORNER
MARKET STREET ! POWELL AND EDDY
MAY FALL HEIR
TO QUEENSBERRY
Sholto Douglas Plans for
the Future of His
Descendants.
•
Should Children Bless His Home,
They Must Be Born on
British Soil.
Cause for the Hasty Trip of the Eng
lishman and His Wife to
Vancouver.
TORTLAND, Ob., Feb. 14. — Sholto
Douglas and wife a few days ago, says to
day's Oregonian, passed through Portland
on their way to Vancouver, where for the
present they are settled, and it is said that
the object of the trip was to avoid having
an heir born on other than British soil.
Gossip had it that such a precaution was
necessary to avoid compromising any
rights of a son and heir should Sholto
ever be brought in the line of succession.
The assertion that an heir to the Mar
qui -ate of Queensborry must be a native
born Uritisher was apparently fortified by
the hurried removal of Douglas and bis
young American wife to British Colum
bia. There are some peculiarities of the
old English common law relative to the
riehts of succession, such as gavelkind, by
which the youngest son instead of Iba
eldest is the heir, but such a requirement
as that which is ascribed to the Queens
berry succession is unknown to those
familiar with the common law.
The sisters of Lady Douglas, Miss
Helena and Miss Madge Addis, are at
present in this city filling an engagement.
They afe intelligent and attractive girls
and tafte considerable interest in the
Douglas family, with which they have be
come connected through the accident of
marriage. Miss Helena Addis yesterday
gave an explanation of Sholto's trip to
Victoria. She said:
"That story is partly true and partly
untrue. The reason, I believe, why Lord
Douglas moved to Vancouver was because
be preferred not to have a child of iiis
born upon American soiJ. You know he
has been rather unkindly treated by the
American press. They will remain in
British Columbia fora time — until he has
made some money — and then he and his
wife intend going to Germany, where his
mother is living. Lord Douglas is his
mother's favorite son, and she has been
anxious to have him and my sister come
and visit her. She has always written
very kind letters to Loretra."
ORANGE COUA'TI'S sUOAJt OUTPUT
A'ftarly Two Million Pound* From a
Sitirjle Factory in a Tear.
ANAHEIM, CAX.,.Feb. 14.— 1n addition
to the large beet-sugar factory at Los
Aiamitcs, in this county, another is guar
anteed at Cerritos, and two more are to bo
built — one at Santa Ana and another near
Anaheim. It will require at least 7000
acres planted to sugar-beets to keep each
factory running during the season, which
means that 28,000 acres will be planted to
beets.
The Chino factory, in San Bernardino
County, began the first year of its exist
ence by turning out 1,946,000 pounds of
refined sugar, and now its yearly output
runs up to 22,000,000 pounds. The four
new factories, one of which is more than
half finished, and articles of incorporation
filed with the Secretary of State for the
erection of another, and the remaining
two equally sura to materialize, will have
a capacity equal to that of Chino.
. .
Ituperting northern LighthouMei. ' '
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 14.— The United
States lighthouse tender Columbine,
Commander Jonn P. Merrill, which ar
rived in this city last nieht, will leave to
morrow morning. Commander Merrill
goes on a tour of inspection of the thir
teenth lighthouse district, comprising the
coast of Oregon, Washington and Alaska.
34
HOW EIGHT PEOPLE PREACHED
FRATERNITY TO TWO BILLIONS
Crusading Theosophists Tell of the Faith Which Con
siders the Beliefs of All and Exacts
, Only Tolerance.
FIRST PAID A VISIT TO
SAN QUENTIN.
Convicts Told That Their
Salvation Rests With
Themselves.
CRTJBADERS BANQUETED THE
POOR.
Over Two Hundred Men Fed an 3
Lectured on the Power of
Universal Love.
Circling the globe on a mission of love
that is what the Theosophical crusaders
ar<i doing. They have lessons to teach of
brotherhood, toleration and peace as con
ceived by the members of the Theosophi
cal Society, and they are seeking hearers
in the highways and byways. They claim
to have accomplished on their journey,
which isnearing completion, things which
will accrue to the great good of mankind.
They have hopeful projects for the future
which are rich in fraternal charity.
It was a strange audience that these
eminent exponents of the mystic faith ad
diessed yesterday, yet not strange for
these travelers who have labored much
among the lowly. True to the custom
which Mrs. Kathenne A. Tinpley, leader
of the theosophical movement throughout
the world, has observed on her journey,
she and her party spent yesterday after
noon at San Quentin.
Nearly 1000 prisoners attended the meet
ing held within the walls. Dr. Griffiths of
this City presided and all the members of
the crusading party made brief addresses.
Mrs. Tineley, who has had large ex
perience in addressing such gatherings,
made an affecting address. She spoke of
the universal liability of mankind to err,
and told the men that they had it in
themselves, by exercise of will-power and
self-control, to become better men.
At the conclusion of her address, Mrs.
Xingiey said that she would probably per
manently reside in California soon, and
then she hoped to make frequent visits to
the prison.
E. X. Hargrove spoke of the power
which each man had within himself to
ignore his surroundings and be in heaven
or in hell as the mind willed. He de
clared that men live only in the mind
and even within prison walls by the con
centration of the mind upon things noble
and beautiful a light of ]oy could be let
in upon their lives.
Other epeakers followed in a similar
strain and from the apparent interest
shown by the audience, the crusaders con
sidered the meeting a most successful one.
CROWDS IN THIS CITY.
Ten-Minute Addresses by Several
of the Crusaders.
The demonstration at Odd Fellows' Hall
in the evening was an event which will
always be a landmark in the society's his
tory on this coast. The hall was crowded
to the doors and every available nook was
tilled with extra chairs. In spite of the
extra accommodations many were turned
away who were unable to obtain standing
room. The only attempt at decoration
was an arrangement of flags of numerous
nations at tne rear of the stage and a ban
ner suspended from the speakers' stand
bearing the words "Truth, Light, Liberty
for discouraged humanity."
Gl&ude Wright orv
Modem Theosophy.
£. B. Rambo, treasurer of the local
branch, after a brief speech of welcome to
the crusaders, who he declared were
now nearly home from the world-wide
wandering, introduced Claude Falls
Wright, president of the New York Theo
sophical Society.
"It Is necessary in an advanced gather
ing of this kind," he said, "that what we
mean by tboosophy should be generally
understood. if you look around the
world in the present day you will fini vast
numbers of people differing on questions
of religion and daily life. We are not as
narrow as we were a few years ago, but we
have not yet realized the true philosophy.
"I suppose in this audience to-night
there are represented 100 different sects. I
think 1 could show you tnat none of you
are really standing upon firm ground.
Now is it not a fact that each one of these
is an insult to the remainder? If I
tell you this of Methodists you who are
not Methodists will smile. If I cay it of
Baptists you who are not .Baptists will
smile, but what if I go over all tDe sects
and mention each of them ? What then ?
"Let us suppose you are a little more
enlightened or broadened and will admit
that every Christian sect will see salva
tion. What of the vast hordes of other re
ligions? What of the Buddhists and the
Brahmins? If you say they are all lost I I
say it is not brotherly, and il you will be-
Here me it is unchristian.
"Is there any man Here who can answer
the momentous question, Why am I here
at all? Can any man say positively that
he is not living in a dream ?
"We of the Theosophical Society are not
at all inclined to cay this thing is true or
that thing is true, but we are willing to
consider all things. When you act hold
of any new thing we are willing to listen
to it, but all we ask of you is that you
listen with tolerance to the opinions which
others advance."
Hargrove Speaks
For Reincarnation.
President Hargrove spoke of "Reincar
nation." "Before dealing with my sub
ject to-night," he said, "I wish it dis
tinctly understood that the Theosophical
Society, as such, has no beliefs. Some
times theosophy is said to be a system of
atheism, which is absurd. Sometimes it
is said to be a kind of spiritualism, which
is not the case. Tueosophy is as old as
man himself, and no matter how far you
' will go bacK in history there yon will find
theosophy being studied. It is believed in
to-day by two-thirds of the human race.
The speaker then spoke of his individual
belief that the soul is reincarnated after
the death of the body.
"At first sipht," he said, "this' view
may be strange to many, and foolish peo
ple are apt toscoff at things which they
do not understand, and especially with
any new thing which tbey do not under
stand. Reincarnation can be proved by
simply carefully examining the known
facts.
"There is no disputing the fact that the
world looked at inexplicably is a strange
chaos. We seem to see injustice every
where. Such a well-known saying as
'The sins of the father are visited upon
1 the child,' must appall and strike with
wonder the thinking man.
"Most people here will believe in the
immortality of the sou!. According to all
great teacheis the soul is the ego. the real
man, using the corporal body. You, per
hai s, believe that it is immortal in the
future only.
''Not if you take the teachings of the old
philosophers. They teach that it extends
indefinitely into the past as well as the
future.
"The soul must have its daytime of ac
tivity and its night time of rest; just as
the day follows the night time and an
[ other day comes aeain, so after death,
! which is the night time of the soul, must
| come another day. Wnat is the object of
I life if it is not to learn how to live? Can
we learn this in fifty or in a hundred
year*? We have countless experiences
which we cannot profit by. We want one
more chance, and we will have it— c Lance
afur chance.
"I ask you to follow me one step fur
ther — man is his own master. Is not that
a lesson which humanity to-day needs to
learn? Have we not been too long told
that man is a miserable creature born to
sin? Instead of being told that man is a
little lower than the animals, who at least
have the privilege of being born innocent,
we hold that man has a hope of risinir by
his own efforts to greater and higher
things, where he may not only be a joy to
himself, but a benefit to his fellows."
What the Grusade
J4as Accomplished.
H. G. Patterson, president of the Brook
lyn Theosopnical Bociety, spoke of the
work of the crusade.
"After leaving Great Britain," he said,
"wo went through Europe, to Africa,
India, Australia, Samoa and the Sand
wich Islands. One of the things we saw
was a great amount of suffering every
where. We have it here, but we have in
a form that bears no comparison to what
it is elsewhere. We found also a great
amount of disbelief. Why?
"Because there is a great influx of light
that allows us to see things as we never
saw them before.
"We *aw more than this. Wherever we
went, whether the people had dark or
white skins, whether they wore one gar
ment or such clothing as we are accus
tomed to, we found the same people with
the same hopes and aspirations. We
found that there is only one humanity.
"The crubade has, I believe, done its
part in the history of the world.
"The crusaders going about with no
dogma to teach have pointed out a com
mon platform upon which these little
clusters of men can stand together for a
common end. The future is coming to us.
We cannot tee it in its glory, but we feel
confident that it will transcend anything
we can ever conceive."
"J\ Blending of
Religions."
Rev. W. Williams of England spoke of
"Brotherly Love." He said, in part:
"The question will present itself to many,
'Why is an English minister seen on s
Theosophist platform?' My clerical
brethren may consider that by so doing I
am barred and banned from the church
and am something of a heretic.
"This may be, but yet I am wiiiine to
accept truths wherever I may find them
that will tend to the uplifting of tne hu
man race and the realization of a greater
and purer divinity. This is a religion
which blends and unites all other re*
ligions and makes men one whose hearts
are good and true, no matter what may be
their creeds or their exterior appearance.
It is, 1 believe, one of the teacniags of
philosophy that the universality of broth
erhood is one of those instincts which, if
rightly directed, will lead to a realization
of that day of which seers and prophets of
old have spoken when they said the time
would come when the world would be
ruled not by gold but by love.
"If you ask why this condition has not
come about before, I say that universal
brotherhood has never yet been allowed
full play. If we would that our lives
should become good and pure and harmo
nious in their character they must be ac
tuated by universal love and not by the
selfish philosophy which can be expressed
in the sneer, "Am I my brother's keeper?' "
America's Qrand
Opportunities.
Mrs. Katherine A. Tingley, leader of
the theosophical movement of the world,
spoke next.
"I cannot talk about the general theo
sophical topic which I had in mind," she
said, "until I tell you that not until I
reached San Francisco did I realize what it
was to be an American. It was not that I
believe that you are »ny greater than
other people, because I believe all
souls are divine, and so I cannot
call you greater than others in
that sense. But I do say you have
glorious opportunities. Here as long as
you respect the Government you can
think with perfect liberty. I tell you
there are thousands of people who are ab
ject slaves, devoid of every rieht which a
true man should have. The hearts of
Americans thrill with that spirit of free
dom and toleration which has been
handed down to them from their ances
tors.
"In nine months we have established
twenty-one National branches. One of
the things that distressed me was the
ignorance wliioh the people of India and
Egypt have of America. They know
nothing of its educational institutions,
with its industries, with its spirit of lib
erty.
"I very much regret to recur to this
matter, but I feel that I should call your
attention to the great .distress which ex
ists in the world to-day. All over — not so
much in America, but in other countries —
there is a pall. It seems to me that we
cannot make any great advancement in
the human race unless we instill into the
hearts of men a larger sense of justice.
"When each individual is dignified with
the fact that he is an immortal soul, a
part of a universal wjioia, the very idea of
it will be his inspiration to seek for better
things. If every suffering individual in
the streets to-night could realize this he
would be filled with a hope that would
carry him throngh the hardest trials.
Then there will be no drunkenness, no
crimes, no hopelessness, and out of the
chaos will rise a mighty manhood that
will raise the whole world."
Alice L. Cleather of London spoke of
"The Final Perfectibility of Man," as an
end supremely desirable and possible.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, one of the
most prominent of the local theosophisiß,
closed the evening gathering with a few
appropriate remarks that sent the people
away in a congenial mood. He was
greeted with general applause.
Banqueted
The f oor.
At the conclusion of the meeting 250
men in distressed financial condition were
treated to a supper in the basement of
the building. The. crusaders took occa
sion to tell the men of the successful re
sults of similar suppers in large cities
where they have been in bringing the un
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
TO THE PUBLIC OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The significance of the present theosophical crusade in our midst
lies deeper than a superficial observer might suppose. The presence
here of some of the most eminent theosophists of the world and their
project for a temple on this coast indicate a remarkable extension of
the world religion of brotherhood. In this movement the north
stretches its hand to the south and the east kisses the west. The
Pacific shore is honored by its selection as a site for a permanent
s hrine to encourage the cult of the mysteries of antiquity. Here will
be united the gray-haired wisdom of the Orient and the genius and
energy of the golden young Occident. Hand in hand they will be
invincible and together scale the heights of true God-wisdom.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
employed and unfortunate into touch with
those who are willing and anxious to aid
them. In other cities the local branches
have made it a point to have such suppers
at monthly intervals.
m -
Celebrities Comlnar.
D. Bailey lectured last night at the Na
tive Sons' building, under the auspices of
the Theosophical Society of this City,
upon the subject, "Whom Did Jesus Wor
ship?"
The lecturer explained the mission of
Jesus from a theosophical point of view.
Numerous questions put to the speaker
showed the interest aroused. One query
was, "Did Jesus teach reincarnation?" and
the answer was in the affirmative.
These lectures will be continued during
the spring, and there will be many celebri
ties among the speakers, including Annie
Besant, Countess Wachtmeister, Dbarma
pala, the Buddhist, and Roy, a Hindoo
Brahman.
TUG-OF-WAR TEAMS.
Names and Weights of Those Who Will
Take Part In the Coming Inter
national Tournament.
The teams entered for the big inter
national tug-of-war tournament, which is
billed for the Mechanics' Pavilion, com
mencing Saturday, February 27, and con
tinuing until March 9, Sundays excepted,
were ail protogrsphed yesterday, except
the Scotch team, two of whose members
are temporarily absent in the country.
Captain Campbell says they will return to
the City to-morrow, when their photos
will be taken in team groups, aa were
those of the other team;. The men cer
tainly present a formidable appearance.
The following list of the teams, with
names, ages and weights, is complete,
save that of the Scotch, which will be
made public to-morrow:
Norwegian Team— Captain, John C. John
son; A. Wiutcr, age 38, 240 pounds; John A.
Jansen, age 31, 205 pounds; John Peterson,
age 26, 206 pounds; 11. Halvorsen, age 32, 175
pounds; Fred Nelson, age 22, 200 pounds;
Henry Dingsted, age 34, 178 pounds; Peter S.
Barken, age 33, 180 pounds; Eric K. Syversen,
age 26, 175 pounds.
oekman Team— Captain, H. Schilling; Ed
ward cctiultz, age 22, 220 pounds; Gustave
Burth. age 27, 172 pounds; Chris Hoting, ago
29, 175 pounds; H. s-chuipper, age 22, 180
pounds; F. Schrader, age 34, 175 pounds; M,
F. Clausen, age 40, 190 pounds; R. C. Richard
con, age 39, 180 pounds; Max Fenner, age 29,
200 pounds.
French Team— Captain, Alexander Barb*;
W. Manson 27, 197 pounas; Louis Lacour 33,
195; Jean Raun 33, 190; D. Spreng 29, 190;
G. D. de Powell 29, 195; T. P. H. La £dmimon
25, 190; \V. Richard 25, 210; S. Faust 26, 200;
Louis Kuril 29. 180.
Danish Team — Captain, N. Larien; John
Nelson 25, 180 pounds; Simon Smith 24, 213;
Chris bwan 30, 196; Louis Nelson 28, 196; L.
C. Larsen 25, 207; Andrew Johnson 35, 175;
Gus Anderseu 30, 170; Niels Andersen 25,
170.
Irish Team— Captain, James W. Hardned;
Rooert Smith, age 37, 228 pounds; E. J. Ma
loney, age 37, 223 pounds; James O'Neill, age
30, 175 pounds; James Doran, age 30, 200
pounds; Robert Kogerson, age 30, 200 pounds;
John Rogerson, age 32,200 pounds; Michael
Casey, age 35. 185 pouuds; James Smith, age
38, 185 pounds.
United States Team— Captain, Peter Buck
ley; Thomas Nolan, age 39, 242 pounds;
George P. Brickwurtel, age 35, 19u pounds; J.
Mantling, age 27, 170 pounds; W. Wlntou. age
31,225 pounds; W. W. Jackson, age 31, 240
pounds; F. Schade, age 26, 240 pounds ; A.
McDuffie, ace 23, 185 pounds: William Mor
gan, age 36, 178 pounds; George Roseburg,
age 28, 210 pounds; D. E. Stevens, age 36, 190
pound*.
Canadian Team— Captain, George Dupltssea;
F. R. Neiton, age 31. weight 217; James Dun
ning, age 35, weight 175; Dan McPherson, age
29. weight 160; Jobeph Gibson, age 33, weight
183; J. J. Cameron, age 29, welcnt 190; C. F.
E. Cuadeback, age 30, weight 195; F. A. Mar
tin, age 39, weicht 180; Ronald McDonald,
age 28, weight KJS.
Swedish Team— Captain, A. M. Planck; Ed
Anderson, age 39, weight 230; Peter Ander
son, age 27, weight 180; If. G. Bloom, age 29,
weight 210; Jaspiir Lund, age 30, weight 195;
Emil Fersell, age 25. weight 175; Ed Bloom,
age 32, weight 185. Jonn Nllson. age 24
weight 180; Emil Nelson, age 28, weight 175;
Peter Swanson, age 24, weight 163.
Italian Team— Captain, Joseph Meranl; Paul
de Martini, 6ge 26, weight 190; Joseph Schiro,
age 29, weight 230; Pii;tro Castagnio, age 21,
weight 225; George Fostero, age 35, weight
185; Tcsohl Arcaiigelo, age 24, weight 190;
Vie Vaceari, age 22, weight 185; George Alcar
aza, age 34, weight 210; W. Bacigalupi, age
22, weight 205; Jim Domartini, age 26, weight
200.
ABOUT THE NEW WOMAN
Rev. A. J. Wells Heartily
Believes in Letting the
Ladies Vote.
Thinks Tennyson's Treatment of the
Subject in Sportive Style
Is Salutary.
The Rev. A. J. Wells, pastor of the Sec
ond Unitarian Church, preached last
night on the subject, "The J^ew Woman
of Tennyson's Day and Ours." Although
he favors woman's suffrage there are cer
tain types of the new women to which the
speaker expressed strong disapproval.
"Deliver me," he said, "from the brainy
woman with a mission."
In the introduction of his sermon Dr.
Wells said: "We are to-night to look at
some phases of what is called 'the woman
question. 1 If we iink the discussion with
a famous poem it will give it interest,
while the poet will serve to shield us from
the suspicion of being impertinent. The
phrase 'woman question* is itself almost
an impertinence. Why not 'man ques
tion'as well? But it is not the business
of either sex to theorize about the sphere
of the other.
"It is rather the duty of each to secure
the liberty of both and to act on the basis
of the essential unity of life. Gibbon has
called man 'the usurping sex' — and this
is his place in history— and the stigma
that civilization mast still place ucon
him."
The speaker thought that Tennyson : s
half sportive treatment of the woman
question was wise, and that we are tak
ing it too seriously. In the Princess, he
Baiu, we have Tennyson's view of the inter
dependence of the Bexcs and a poet's deep
insight into this question of the day. It
has this to commend it— it does not take
the matter too seriously. He explained
that Tennyson's final appeal is to great
nature: There are limits beyond which
plans for woman's co-operation in the
world's work cannot co.
The chief end of all women, he said, is
not the home. Woman suffrage is a step
up and deserves our support. Her votes
will represent her finer self, and, counter
acting the vicious and brutal part of the
masculine vote, will raise the virtue of
our government. He thinks the advanc
ing independence of women by making
them free from the necessity of marriage
will result in the further ennobling of the
marriage relation.
Sakbobn, Vail <fc Co. have the be«t leather
goods department in San Francisco. Always
something new in ladies' pocket books alli
gator bags, valises, card and letter cases, bill
books, etc. • i
WANT THE MAYOR
TO STUDY IT UP
Big Sunday Afternoon
Meeting of the Labor
Exchange.
Long List of Merchants and
Others Willing to Accept
Labor Checks at Par.
Would Undertake City Improvements
Without Creating an Interest-
Bearing Debt.
It came very near being an overflow
meeting of the Labor Exchange that was
held at Pythian Hall yesterday afternoon.
Standing room was in demand, and the
keenest interest was manifested in the
proceedings, which were simply directed
at an exposition of the methods of the
exchange and the problem of how the un
employed of the City and of the State and
of toe country may be put to work at
good wages by thete methods.
Several members of the Socialist Labor
party were present, and endeavored to
disconcert the president by asking a series
of questions considered very hard in social
economics, but they were answered ao sat
isfactorily that in every instance the big
audience broke iuto applause.
The question of underlaying public im
provements under the Labor Exchange
system — that of issuing vouchers for the
labor and material, the vouchers to be
made acceptable in payment of taxes —
was discussed. The following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Rttolvtd, That we call tne attention ol the
Mayor and the Board of Supervisors of t:ie
City and County of San Francisco to the new
financial system under which public Improve
ments can be made without creating an inter
est-bearing debt.
Bttolved, That under this new system there
is always plenty of money to carry on public
improvements, thereby lessening poverty,
want and distress among those who are most
useful to society, viz., the working class.
Jtetolved further, That tae Mayor and Board
of Supervisors be requested to study this sys
tem with a view of adopting the same for the
purposes above set forth.
The secretary was directed to mail the
resolutions to the members of the board
and to the Mayor and to inclose with
them a list of the business houses that
accept Labor Exchange checks at their face
ralue as being as #ood as money. The
list was printed in the form of a "Labor
Exchange directory" and includes almost
every line of business and profession as
follows:
Architect?, 1; artists' materials, 1; attor
neys, 2; bakeries, 1; baskets, 1; blacksmiths,
2; bicycle-shops, 1; boots and shoes, 2; cur
pet cleaning and laying, 1 ; cigars and tobacco,
wholesale, 1; coal and wood, 2; coffee, tea,
spices, extracts, 1; commission and produce,
2; cloth, retail, 1; cloth, wholesale, 1; crock
t-ry and glassware, 2; dentists, 1; dried fruits
and nuts, wholesale, 1; doctors, 5; dry-goodg,
1; fire insurance, 1; furnished rooms 3;
fruit stores, 2; electric works, 1; furni
ture, new and second-hand, 4; gro
ceries, wholesale, 1; groceries, retail, 7;
gloves, gauntlets, mittens, 1; household uten
sils, 2; hatters, 2; horseshoe™, 2; liquors
and cigars, 1; locksmiths, 1; photographers,
1; printing, 3; picture frames, 1; portraits,
1; poultry an J game, wholesale and retail. 5;
machinists, 1; music - teacher, 1; rubber
stamps 1; restaurants, 2; sewing-machines,
1; sewing-machine repairs, 1; sign painters,
2; house Daintors, 1; shoemakers, 4; shoe
makers, wholesale, 1; tailors, 2; teas and
coffees, 2; watchmakers, 3; wagon-makers, 2;
wines and liquors, wholesale, 1; wood and
willow ware, wholesale, 1; wood carpet and
inlaid floors, 1; washing-machines, 1.
This list, President Henry Warfield ex
phdned, almost if not quite completes the
circuit of the necessities of men, so that
the holders of Labor Exchange checks are
in a position to supply their wants with
out reference to money.
As these checks come more and more
into use tne list may be rapidly and inde
finitely extended, he said. The boot and
shoe manufacturer, for instance, he said,
had visited the headquarter" at 322 Davis
street, repeatedly asking for an increase
of business through the Labor Exchange;
he wanted more of tne checks. The whole
system of contemplated municipal public
improvements, the streets and sewers, he
declared, could be undertaken through
the medium suggested, and accomplished
without a bond being issued or a cent of
debt for interest incurred.
State Organizer Clark delivered astir
ring address on the pressing need of the
reform as shewn in the vast numbers of
the unemployed and the prevalence of
distress among the poor.
"There is no reason for it," he ex
claimed, "except the inadequacy of money
to effect exchanges. The world is big
enough and fruitful enough to supply
every human being bountifully. All that
is necessary is a correct system of ex
change that cannot be controlled and
monopolized, but which is open and free
at all times. This system has been dis
covered and is embodied in the Labor
Exchange and once adopted will bring
about a condition of liberty and plenty for
all such as has never been dreamed of on
earth.
"Thi3 is no fancy, but is a fact capable of
demonstration by that which has been al
ready accomplished and is now in daily
operation in this City. If they are per
mitted the workingmen can turn this into
the most beautiful City iv the world," he
said.
It ia expected that a larger hall will have
to be engaged for the regular Sunday aft
ernoon meetings, as the interest in the
movement is spreading in such fashion
that the present quarters are already alto
gether inadequate.
Young Men's li.»r Wuto.
James F. Smith will preside over the exercises
that are to be held in Metropolitan Hall on Y. M. I.
day, the 22d lust. John J. Barrett will deliver the
address ot the day. He is a young • lawyer and
said to be an eloquent speaker.
The officers of the lecture bureau are to meet to
night to arrange for the lectures to be delivered
during the balance of the term. .....
The tickets for the lecture to be delivered under
the auspices of Columbus Council In Metropolitan
Hall on the 11th of March will be ready for ais
tribntlon during the latter part or the current
week.
The next session of the grand directors will be
neld in the city of Clnclunatl, Onto, on the 24th
lust.
J. P. Kavanagh, grand president of the north
western jurisdiction, has bf>en visiting the coun
cils of his Jurisdiction, and has been well received
wfcerever he has been.
The following-named were visitors at the office
of Grand .Secretary Stanley during the past week:
J. J. Mnrrav, past president of San Raphael Coun
cil; C. C, Bradley, past president of Multnomah
Council of Portland, dr.. and 11. J. Mullen, re
cording secretary of Blacchett Council of Van
couver, Wasb.
The Couch which seems to come from the very
depths of your system, can be at once relieved and
eventually cured with Dr. I>. Jay ne's Expectorant
The beat Family PM-Jayne'i P»inl« « Sanative
Miss Grace Sabin and Df. R. "W.
M. Payne, Whose Engagement
Has Been Announced*
SHE WILL BE A
DOCTOR'S BRIDE
Miss Grace Sabin to Wed
Dr. R. W. Maxwell
Payne.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Ross Celebrate
Their Silver Wedding
at the Palace.
A Delightful Sunday Musicale and
Reception at the Bixler
Residence.
An interesting engagement just made
public is that of Miss Grace A. Sabin,
eldest daughter ot John P. Sabin, and Dr.
R. W. M. Payne, the well-known young
oculist and aurist.
On Thursday evening Miss Sabin whis
pered ncr secret to one or two of her most
intimate friends wno were in attendance
at Miss Delia Mllis' musicale. The news
proved too good to keep, and yesterday
the fair young financee was kept busy re
ceiving the congratulations of her many
friends.
Miss Sabin is one of the most popular of
the society belles. She made her debut
some two seasons ago at a tea given at the
elegant Sabin residence, 2828 California
street.
She became an immediate favorite in
her large circle of friends, and was much
sought after for her charming manners
and many attractive traits. She is a
highly accomplished young lady, and the
possessor of a remarkably clear, sweet
soprano voice.
Dr. Payne is a graduate of Cooper Col
lege. After completing his medical studies
in this City he spent three years abroad,
dividing his time between Paris and
Vienna. He is the brother of Dr. Clyde
Payne of this City and Dr. Eugene Payne
of New York.
No date for the wedding of the yonng
couple has yet been decided upon, al
though it is probable that they will be
married in the spring.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Roos celebrated the
twenty-fifth anniversary of their wedding
last evening by entertaining ninety of
their mends at an elaborate dinner in the
reception hall of the Palace Hotel.
The decorations of the rooms and table
were most elaborate, and, taken alto
gether, tne entertainment was quite the
most elegant of any given this season.
The guests were seated at live tables, each
of which boasted an individual adorn
ment. At the table at which Mr. and
Mrs. Roos were seated Bermuda lilies and
snowdrops were used with artistic effect.
At the second table the American
Beauty roses were used exclusively. Car
nations of all shades decorated another
table, daffodils another, and still another
was adorned with Bridesmaids roses.
In the reception-room fruit blossoms
made an attractive decoration.
After dinner there was music and
dancing. Each guest was presented with
a tiny silver bell, on which was inscribed
the date 01 the celebration.
Mr. and Mrs. Roos were married in Paris
in 1872, and ever since have made their
home in this City, where they have enter
tained lavishly and extensively.
Mrs. Roos wore an decant Paris gown
of pink and sliver brocade. The jupe
which was made dancing length was
perfectly plain. The corsage was orna
mented with a vest of point, yellow with
age. Diamonds, crescents, stars and other
unique ornaments glistened in the lace
and fastened the pink and silver aigrette
to the coiffure. Seated at the table with
Mr. and Mrs. Roos were Mrs. Goldstein,
J. H. Neustadter, Mrs. Hell man, Mrs.
Schwabacber. Mrs. Schweitzer, Josepu
Naphtaily, Mrs. Bachman, L. Sachs, Mr.
Schweitzer, Mrs. L. Sachs, Mrs. Schwa
bacher, Mr. Backman, Mrs. J. H. Neu
stadter and Mr. Hellman.
At the table with the American Beauty
rose decorations were seated M-r. Frowen,
feld, Mr. Dinkelspiel, Mrs. Rosenbaum'
George H. Rooa, Mr. Cairn, Mrs. Dinkel
spiel, Mr. Rosenbaum, Mrs. Frowenfeld,
Mr. Michaels, I). Neustadter, Mr. Strass
burger, Mrs. Fcfciohtwanger, Mrs. Neu
stadter, Mrs. M. Rothchiid, Mr. Stein
berger, Mrs. Straussburger, Mrs. Bes
singer, Mrs. StineDerger, Mr. Feucht
w anger and Mrs. Michaels.
Seated ai the jonquil table were: I.
Sachs, Mrs. Westneinier, Mr. Wangen
heiin, Mrs. Kullman, M. Brown, Mrs. I.
Sachs, Mr. Baumgarten, Mrs. Hirschman,
Mr. Raas, Mrs. Lyons, Mrs. M. Brown,
L. W. Levy, M. Kullman, Mrs. A. Roos,
Mr. Kabn, Mrs. Wangenheim,;Mr. West
heimer, Mrs. Kahn, A. Roos, Mrs. Baum
garten.
At the carnation table were seated: Mrs.
Raas, Mr. Bastbeim, Mrs. Gump, Mr.
Frank, Mrs. Block, Mr. Ganz, Mrs. Wil
lard, Mrs. Greenberg, Achille Roos, Mr.
Sahlein, Mr. Newman. Mrs. Frank, Mr.
Block, Mrs. Ganz, Mr. Willard, Mrs. New
man, Mr. Sahlein, Mr. Gump, Mrs. Bast
heim, Mr. Hirschman.
At the table decorated with bridesmaids'
roses were sealed :
Mr. Rotbchiid, Mrs. Hirsch, Mr. fleller,
Mrs. I. S. Ackerman, Mr. Guggenheim,
Mrs. A. Brown, Mr. Lewis, Mrs. Feigen
baum, E. Rothchiid, Mrs. Lewis, A.
Brown, Mrs. Heller, Mj. Hirsch, Mrs. E.
Rothchiid, Mr. Fei.enbaum, Robert A.
Roos, Leon L. Roos, Mrs. Guggenheim,
I. S. Ackerman and Mrs. Bissinger.
Mr. end Mrs. D. Bizler gave a muslcale
at their home on Union and Pierce streets
yesterday afternoon. The entertainment
successful Sunday receptions which Mrs.
was modeled on the several Bixier gave
last winter, and, like the entertainments
of last season, the musicale yesterday
afternoon was a most delightful affair.
There was an excellent and varied mu
sical programme, after wnich light re
freshments were served.
MES. MOPPITT INDIGNANT.
She Claims to Be Wrongly Dealt With
by C. P. Welch
Mrs. Julia Moffitt of 125J^ Rincon place,
who was arrested on Saturday afternoon
by C. P. Welch of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, is indig
nant at the treatment she received at the
hands af Secretary Welch.
She denies having neglected or abused
her children, but, on the contrary, she
claims to have nursed them with all the
tenderness and affection of a good mother
through their recent illness.
She also denies that she it addicted to
the use of intoxicating liquor or has in
any way neglected her household duties.
She claims that she was roughly handled
by the arresting officers, who dragged her
from tier home without permitting her to
dress herself or her children, who were in
bed at the time of her arrest.
She states that she resides in the flat
below that of her mother, and that when
Secretary Welch visited her he refused
her the privilege of communicating with
the members of her family who were at
home at the time, but forced her into the
patrol wagon and had her taken to the
Central police station with her two chil
dren. They were wrapped in blankets.
She is also ignorant of who made the
MISS EDNA LISSON.
QNE OF THE PRETTY YOUNG MISSE3
of Bakersfield is Miss Edna Lisson.
The above portrait gives but a partial view
of this beautiful girl. Her mother, Mrs.
A. Lisson, vouches for the following:
About two years ago Edna was suffering
from eruptions of the skin. Her face, her
hands, her body were at times all com
pletely covered with blotches of small
pimples. Many were the remedies tried to
no avail. All kinds of soaps, ointments
and doctors' prescriptions availed not.
About this time Joy'a Vegetable Sarsa
parilla was recommended. The first bot
tle was used and the only*- change for the
better was the regularity of the bowels and
tb . e bright clearness of the eyes. After the
second bottle Edna began to get well.
She not only became strong and hearty,
but all the facial blemishes disappeared,
and is now the beautiful younsc lady you
see before you.
This story is not colored just to boom
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. The above
story is about the mildest way of telling
the actual facts concerning the blood
remedy, Joy's Vegetable SarsaDarilla.
Doctors have often been puzzled and "give
it up"-about Joy's. It is a peculiar herb
remedy. It contains no mineral poisons.
It is made entirely of heros. The only
people who speak against the remedy are
the druggists who have "A BETTER
PROFIT" sarsaDarilla. When you want a
good blood medicine that produces no
complaint against her charging her with
cruelty to her children. She says it 1*
false and can' be disproved by her neigh
bor :.
CHINESE GAMBLING RAID
The Police Claim They Have
Sufficient Evidence to
Convict.
A L3rge Number of the Chiness Ar«
rested Were Admitted to
Bail Yesterday.
The successful raid made by the police
Saturday night under the direction of
Captain Wittman upon clubs in China
town, where gambling has been carried
on, was the biet*est of the kind since the
Chinese settled in this City. In all 238
Chinese were arrested and nearly $1300
in coin seized as evidence.
The raid was admirably planned and
executed and showed the work of a mas
ter mind tnat knows how to strike when
the necessity arises.
The City Prison yesterday loosed as if
there had been a general exodus from Chi
natown. The cells and corridors wera
filled with chattering Mongolians and a
large crowd stood in front of the entrance
waiting their turn to bail their frieuds
out. The work of registering the arrests
devolved upon Sergeant Bidwell, and ha
got through with expedition and dispatch.
Then Sergeant Lindheimer and Door*
keeper Shaw had tneir hands full in ac
cepting bail and releasing the prisoners.
They were assisted by a Chinese interpre
ter. Over half the number were released
before 4 p. m. and the work went on.
Attorney Patrick Keddy released
twenty-seven and he will defend them in
court. Fifty-two were released on bonds f
accepted by Clerk Foley of Judge Conlan'a
court. Chief Crowley warned Foley that
if the men he was releasing on bonds
which had not been passed upon by LMng
Gong, the Chinese employed for that pur
pose, did not appear in court this morning
he would hold him personally responsible.
The police say that besides the money
seized they are in possession of evidence
sufficient to prove that the law against
gambling had been violated, and that the
Chinese cannot protect themselves under
the pretext that the clubs are incorpo
rated. The police had provided them
selves with search warrants, so they were
actinp within their rights.
ARt YOU
Troubled with pains in the small
of the back, pains up each side of
back bone to lower points of shoul-
der-blade every now . and - then?
Have you head pains, left or right
Bide? Have you a dizzy feeling or
sensation, floating flicks or dots
before the caze? Do you feel
melancholy? Are you nervous?
Have you overworked ? Have you
overeaten? Have you overex-
hausted your mind or body Have
you abused nature or yourself?
If you have you must get cured as
Boon as possible. What will cure
you?
HUDYAN
Will cure you. Hudyan is certain
to cure you. It has cured others —
it will cure you. Consult Hudson
doctors free, or write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL IXSTITCTE.
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
First, secondary or tertiary forms
of blood disorders are manifested
by copper-colored spots and falling
hair. Thirty-day cure is certain,
CALL OR WRITE FOR
SO - DAY OIR.OXJ3LiAK,S.
HUDSON MEDICAL OSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis ats.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
I Coughs and Colds 1 I
j ; can BE CURED. j ;
0 If neglected they cause that dread dls- , ]
< . . ease, Consumption. ■ , ,
II / . i i
( > ■ '•'":. r-' .11
; ; Dr. Martin's Pain Curer ; ;
0:" k , Is a remedy that is uneqn&led. ■ i i
J > Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle j j
( » ' '\ ' '" - . 'V; I'?' < '
\\ L. CALLISCH, J|
•• Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, j '
♦ . San Jose, Cal. t\\
<► For sale by all druggists. The trade jV m><
9 supplied by Kedington & Co.. Mack <& & s
♦ Co. and Langloy & Michaels, San Fran- * '
5 clsco. i
h. A.Bertelinjc. Pres. U. Xordman. Vice-Preat
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Xonimaa, Tre»j.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
DR.MCNULTY.
T"JWi Ij XN r pW* ATS'D P.KMABLE OI.l)
20 6 K«»ri.Y Sir.,,, San rranyiw,, c»l.
Baja California
Dam BittersNATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
A number of the officers connected with
the National Guard visited Sacramento
during the pa-t week and appeared before
the Military Committee. They found the
members very attentive listeners to all
thai : ai to be suid in lavor of and against
the several propositions that have been
presented to the Legislature. The indica
tions are that a number of amendments
will be passed, Jsome of which will be of
benefit to the Guard, but others, if adop'
ed. will do neither good nor harm.
W'L ether there will be an encampment
or encampments this year or not is still in
the line of creat uncertainty. There is a
?trong move in Sacramento for camp sites
and it is thought that if the Legislature
gives the $40,000 a>ked for for this purpose
it wiil hoi make any appropriation this
year for encampments and trie men will
have to wait another year before enjoying
the pleasure- of a week or ten days on the
tented rield. It the meantime the men
will f.iil in knowledge of camp instruction
and will continue to confine themselves to
indoor drill.
There is a great deal of comment over the
fact tiiat the guardsmen are not trained for
btut«i:iou or regimental arllls occasionally.
The men by such drills can become acquainted
■with the maneuvers that are necessary and
thoroughly understand the nature ot the com
mands that are given during outdoor evolu
tions. As it Is, they are now versed In the
thcorj of outdoor work, but they lack prac
tice and it is practice that makes perfect. Pos
sibly when "the war at Sacramento" is over,
the brigadier-generals will turn their atten
tion to that part of the school of the-soldier.
The announcement In Thi; Call last Monday
that the naval battalion at this point his
started a school of instruction for petty offi
cers and a lyceum lor the officers and men h*s
attracted some attention to a subject that
would result in a great deal of good if the
other branches of the service would follow the
example set. There is a necessity for the in
struction of the non-commissioned officers oi
the guard, and a uniform instruction at that,
for it certainly is not a credit to the organiza
tion that each officer is permitted to place
whatever construction he desires upon any
clause in the regulations.
In Illinois these schools of instruction have
met with good success and nave resulted in
improving the standard of the officers and
men of trie guard. The Illinois First Infantry
nas organized a course of military instruction
and discussion with blackboard illustration.
These Mre given twice a month in one of the
large halls of the armory.
Major-General Snowden, commanding the
Pennsylvania Division of ihe National Guard,
has ordered some material changes in the
drill regulations. In recent orders he soys:
"Funber exercise in the extended order drill
is a waste oi time which enn be put to more
p:ofitable use." He has ordered that the men
shai know sometning beyond mere drill, and
has directed the commanding officers to prac
tice their troops In outpost duty, Cossack
po*;s, marching with advance and rear guards,
flankers, as it In the presence of an enemy,
and they are to be practiced in the escorting
of supply tram* and making reconnoissauces.
A little ot tiittt kind ol work for the Nations.
Guardsmen of California would make better
soldiers.
The first Brigade.
BALIKAB, CAL., Feb. 14 —The boys of Troop
C have supplied the Armory Hall with a full
gymnasium outfit, and the armory is not only
used by the troop on drill night, but nearly
ever? night in the week some oi the members
oi the troop may be found e:ther in the gym
rasiura or reading-room, or the more musi
cally Inclined at the piauo. The armory is
fitted and suDpiied wltii «. ; the comfort* oi a
modern home, and is bea iqunrters for many
memcprs of the troop nearly every evening.
Tbe De pa rime nt Kucmnpment >>i tte G. A. R.
[or the States oi < aiuornia and Nevada meets
here April 21-23, and Troop t; has ranted
ov>-r tne use oi Armory Hal! to the locai com
mittee to be used by the encampment during
the week.
The regular drill night of the troop has been
changed irom Thursday night to Monday
night. The at endance at regular du.ls has
increased of i«te.
. T.'.e troop ha? now taken up the study of the
manual of the ca'b'.n^, their attention having
been given mostly to ihe sword practice here
tofore.
The horsemen of Monterey County have
agreed to donate horoei to the troop, and
premises will either be leased or purcha>cd Dy
the troop, so that it will have
datioris for tlie horses -o donated. This will be
cif grunt advantage to the ir^-op and make
it much more efficient, lor heretofore
nearly every member of the troop has had a
o;ffprent horse every time of mounted drill,
but with the new arranxeinent we shall soon
have armed hr.se>. ns well as troopers.
Tlit- rMTontl Brigade.
It was decided at the meeting of the board
of officers of tbe Second Brigade last Thurs
day to abandon for the time being the idea of
an evolution day on the 'J2l. Instead there
will be a parade 01 the brigade on that day
and a review in this City by the Command r
in-Chiei and tne legislative committee. The
. order for the parade will shortly be issued.
No order with reference to the day will be
issued from division headquarters, so the
commanders will be at liberty to call out their
commands in honor of tl;e dm-.
The election for colonel of the First Infantry
will be held on the lltd of March. Up to date
there is no change in the condition of affairs
a» 10 who may succeed Colonel MacdouaUL
tenant-Colonel Duboce will accept the
command if it comes 10 him from the officers
in such.a manner as to show that he ib the
man they want, or, at least, the great majority
want him. Ii not, he will content himself to
retain the position he has his commission for,
namely, lieuteiiani-colonel. Then the only
real candidate In the held is Major lluber,
who, it is claimed, has only the officers of two
companies that were lormerly connected with
the command of which he was major.
Tne First Infantry has concluded to accept
the challenge issued by the Filth Infantry
three week-, ago to shoot a match with rifles,
but it is with an if, and that is, thai iho match
Is not 10 < ome oil until May. The Filth does
not like the idea of such a delay and it is
j'iobnb!e its board of officers will hold a meet
ing to determine if it will consent 10 wait that
] '>'■>£ One of the terms of the challenge is
that no man shall be permitted to take part
in the- shoot who was not a member of the
guard on the first of the current year.
No >;. >- have yet been taken to secure a site
lor a ra^ge on which to conduct the State
shoots according to the new regulations which
are to go Into effect on the 30th of June.
There is s,onie talk about securing new quar
ters for Troop A. The commander, wants a
place where there is' sufficient space for
mounted drills.
The members of company A, Captain Con
nolly, win give a minstrel entertainment and
dance in Union-SquareHall on the 2-lth.
The Third Brigade.
FRESNO, Cal , Feb. 13.— The election in the
', Blxth Kej,'laicnt of the National Guard of Call
fornia, occasioned by the resignation of
Colonel J. J. Nunan, will be held in Fresno
next Monday evening. Considerable Interest
in the result is being manifested in this city,
and particularly among the local militiamen.
There will in all probability be three vacan
cies to till, and th> raisin center has candi
dates for every one of these, with the as
surance that two of them will be elected.
The various company officers of the regiment
who will take part In the election are the fol
lowing: From Stockton— Major G. G. Grant.
Captain W. R. Johnson and Captain Bruce
(retired). Lieutenants Elliott, Heath, Duffy
and Dasher. Fresno— Lieutenant-Colonel S. S.
Wrignt, Major Colin Chisholin. Captain George
W. Jones and Captain George O. Duncan. Lieu
tenants E.T. Wolcott, S. K. Lemon. J. M. Col
lins and J. D. Jones. Modesto— Mor
ris, Lieutenants Johns and Freitas. Merced—
Captain J. R. Graham, L eutenants Smith «nd
Guthrie. Vi«nlia— Captain Fred W. Ward,
Lieutenants Klb er and Adams. Bakersfield—
Captain Cook, Lieutenants Blodgett and Mun
zer.
There is little doubt but that Lieutenant-
Colonel S. S. Wright of this city will succeed
Nunati as colonel of the regiment. A» yet no
opposition has developed against him, and he
stands directly in line for promotion to the
command of the regimen:. Colouel WriEht
has been connected with tne National Guard
for many years, and fully deserves the honor
which will no doubt be conferred upon him
next Monday evening. He takes a deep inter
est in military affairs, and no more capable
man to command the regiment could be
found.
Major Colin Chisholm of this city will in all
probability be advanced to Lieutenant-Colonel
Wright's present position. He is the only can
didate in the field, and his election is con-
I ceded as he is entitled to the place through
promotion.
For the vacancy to be created by the ad
vancement of Major Chis.ho.rn there are sev
eral aspirants, a number of captains would
like to be major of the Ninth Battalion, and a
lively conteft is in prospect for next Monday
evening in the election for this position. The
candidate-, bo far as known at tne present
time, are Captaiu Johnson of Stockton,
Captain Whitmore (retired) of Modesto,
Captain Graham of Merced, Captain Scribner
of Fresno and Captain Byrnes of Visalia, with
others in prospect.
The election will be held at the armory and
will be presided over by Colonel Nunan. A
full attendance of all the company officers of
the regiment is expected, and the meeting
will be quite an event in military circles of
the valley.
In addition to the election the officers will
discuss matters concerning the National
Guard, particularly in reierence to proposed
legislation for the benefit of the organization.
Several other matters of importance will come
up. Among these is the question of holding a
regimental encampment next summer.
WOODLAND, Cal, Feb. 13 —News in mili
tary circle-, is very scarce. The company had
two good drills in the last two weeks and the
men show a marked improvement nt each
drill. They seam to be taking more interest
in the welfare of the company than hereto
fore. Forty-two men were «t drill on the 3d
and forty-five on the 10th.
The ball given by the company on the sth
was a success socially and financially.
Tne 300 and 600 yard ranges are us far away
as they ever were. The captain has tried very
hard to get a suitable place, but as yet has
failed to do so. He hopes, though, to have a
range in the near future. The date of the
match with the Honolulu team has not a* yet
been set, but it will be some lime uext month.
i The boys are practicing regularly and soon
j the ten men will be picked to represent this
company in the match.
A baseball team is to be organized out of
the company soon. There is plenty of good
material and there is no reason why the com
pany should not have a crack club. * The loot
ball team is practicing every day and is pet
ting in line shape. Next Sunday a game will
tie played with the Fair field team and prom
ises to be a very exciting game.
It good. howling will win a game the Com
pany F team ought to surely win. There will
De a game on the 22d if nothing prevents.
The company is increasing m membership
every week and the new members are of the
best class of men.
The Naval Battalion.
The officers of the battalion, Second Division,
have been notified that there will be an ex
tended order drill and battalion inspection
to-morrow evening on the Spreckel- dock.
The battalion has not received any order
from division headquarters to parade on the
1 22d, and as uo order will be issued from bead
' quarters it is probable that Lieutenant-
Commander L. H. Turner will order his com
mand on board of the Cnmanche ana have it
inspected by the Legislative committee, that
will be in the City that day to inspect the
Second Brigade.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner will shortly
leave for Los Angeles, to be present at a session
o) the examining board. Great preparations
are being made for his visit, as it will be the
first that the division in the southern part of
the Stata has received from the commanding
officer. _________________
Answers to Coresp ondents.
Dampness — N. X., City. Dampness in a room
may srise Irom a number of causes. Without
knowing the conditions of the particular room
It la impossible to give an answer, or suggest
a remedy.
Cuba— "Smith, Plumaa County. Cal.
I No one at any time gave official notice to
i Spain that unless within three months
the Cuban disturbances were settled the
United States would interfere.
Genoa and San Francisco— c. .1. c. City. The
answer to your question about Genoa and San
Francisco appeared in the "Answers to Ques
tions" column on the 17th of last January un
der the head of "Two Commercial Cities."
Netherlands— A. de W., City. Hague, or
I The Hague, a city of Southern Holland, ii the
capital of the Netherlands and the residence
of the King. It is pleasantly situated and well
built, half Dutch and half French in appear
ance.
Apprentice on a Steamer— H. H. S.,Redlands,
Cal. If a boy wants to go on board of a steam
shlu as an apprentice he should make applica
tion to the master ol the ship he wouia like
to go on. If there was a vacancy he would in
all probability be taken on.
Five Largest Cities— W. B. M. City. Ac
cording to the census of 1800, which is the
latest United States census, the five largest
cities o.i the basis of population were: New
York 1,515,301, Chicago 1.099.850, Philadel
phia 1,046 964, Brooklyn .806,343, and St.
Louis 451,770.
Admission of States— E. N. M., Palermo,
Butte County, Cal. North Dakota and South
Dakota were admitted into the Union of States
November 2,1889; Wyoming, July 11,1890;
Montana, November 8,1889; Idaho. July 3.
1890; Washington. November 11, 1889. and
Utah, January 4. 1896. New Mexico is a Ter
ritory, organized September 9, 1850.
Squeaking Shoes— l. T. D , City. The follow
ing is given as a method to prevent the squeak
ing of new shoes : Take a platter of some sort
a pieplate will do, pour a little linseed oil in
it, let the soles of the* squeaking snoes rest in
this over nieht and you will find that they
will not make any more noise. It will also
render the soies impervious to dampness.
The Elizabeth— A. P., City. The ship Eliza
beth was wrecked near Tennessee Bay on the
21st of February, 1891. The vessel was taken
in tow by the tug Alert as far as a point oppo
site Fort Point, when a terrific wind was en
countered blowing dead out to sea. In spite
of the tug, the ship drifted out to the heads
The hawser parted and the ship drifted on to
the rocks. f-,V;.v -"-..• :*'..>,:.• =.'j
Geographical Center— A. O. S., City The
geographical center of the United States at
this lime is a point in the Pacific Ocean where
latitude 47 deg. 57 mm. north is crossed by
longitude west 127 deg. 12 mm. It is about
south 72 deg. west, of Cape Flattery, about
100 miles from shore. The measurements art
Irom the extreme north of the Territory of
Alaska to the southern boundary of Florida
and from the extreme eastern coast of Mhine
to the extreme western American possession in
the Alaska purchase. If the Territory of
Alaska is not counted, then the geographical
center of the United states is Fort Rtley,
Kansas.
TO CUKE A COLO IN UNK DAT.
Cake laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
g io tk leiund the money if it Jails to cure. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
Colonel S. I. Kel f og:g, the First President of the Columbia Pistol ai
Rifle Club and One of the Best All-Round Shots on the Coast.
SHOT THROUGH
A THICK MIST
Many Riflemen Make Many
Poor Scores at Shell
Mound.
The Wet Weather Prevented
Good Work With Rifle
and Pisto'.
Cash Pr:z s Prcv a Great Attraction
in Three Clubs— The Musket
Shooters
Shell Mound was the scene of much life
and activity yesterday. Riflemen from
all directions congreeated at the range to
compete for cash prize*, medals and hon
ors, and from early in the morning until
dusk there was a deafening roar of tire
arms. The weather was very bad, for a
drizzle or Scotch mist fell continuously
and clothed the targets in the distance
with a blue haze that made very good
shooting almost impossible. But tbis did
□ot discourage the marksmen — nothing
does— for they banged away in spite of the
difficulties, and a few managed to run up
scores tliat they were not ashamed of.
There was a large outpouring of the
members of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club, and there was a keen rivalry for the
possession of goad scores, particularly in
all of the re-entry matches, as there are
valuable medals and cash prizes on each.
In order to aiioot under the best possible
conditions nearly all of the Columbias are
searching for the very best ammunition
money can buy. Many Have adopted a
combination that gives good results. They
load their shells with a nitro-powder prim
ing and the body of the charge of black
powder. This prevents fouling and in
sures reenlarity.
Of course mtro primers are necessary.
Thus by degreei the marksmen of rifle
and revolver are working toward the new
ntro or smokeless rifle powder.
A. H. Pane is determined to win the
Bushnell ntie medal, and he has a splen
did start on this race. F. O. Young and
F. H. Bushnell had a lively race in the
afternoon for high score in the Glinder
mann military medal match, and the for
mer was successful only by a Creedmoor
count. Botti made 47.
C. M. Daiss is back again with the rifle
shots. For two years he had devoted his
energies to pistol shooiin.-, and with
ma need success.
On the 50-yard pistol range there was
good shooting at times when the weather
cleared. A. B. Dorrell in revolver prac
tice made the b«-st six-shot run ever shot
on the range, 20 points in six shots, Co
lumbia target. That is averaging to place
six shots in a 3^-inch circ.e.
More revolvers are in use now than for
years past. For the first time in rifle club
history on this coast the ladies shot on an
equality with the men, ladies having been
admitted to full membership. The high
est scores made on both ranges, Columbia
target, were at follows:
Rifle, 200 yards, re-entry matches, F. H.
Bushnell medal, 3 ihots. Scores: a. H. Pape
10, F. O. Young 10, Dr. L. O. Kodgers 12 D
\V. McLaughlin 18.
Wiliinm Gliuderniann military medal, 10
phots (Creedmoor count) : F. O. Young 47 X
H. Bu&hnell 47, E. Jacobsen 44, C. F. Waltham
F. O. Yoong rifle record medal, 10 shots: F
o. Young 65, A. <;ohret74, D. W. McLaughlin
75. F. E. Ma son 63, V. J. Lumott 171.
Class medals lor members only, ten shots:
Chnmpion class— A. H. Pape 56, F O Young
60, Dr. L. O. Rodgera 76, F. E. Mason 94 D W
McLaughlin 204. " '
First class— H. J. Wicker 57, O. A. Bremer
64, E. Jacobsen 87, A. B. Dorrell 88, L B irrere
1)6, C. M. Dalss 100, H. Hlliberg 109 A
Gehret ll3.
Second class— J. E. Gorman 93, G. Schultz
107, F. H. Busunell 113, G. M. Barley 135, M.
Third caw C F. Waltham 93, A. Hinter
man 145, A. Kennedy 166, \V. J. Unlred 205
V. J. Lamott 138.
Pistol, 50 yards, class medals for members
ten shots: Champion class— C. M. Daiss 42 J
E. Gorman 49, F. O. Young 54, Etl. Hovey 56
A. B Darrell 63. A. H. Pape 65, L. Barmre 110*
First class— Dr. L. O. Rodgers 55, If. J. White
62. F. E. Mason 67, p. W. McLaughlin 75 E.
jHcobsen 101, Captain J. E. Klein 109 ' k
Gehrt 132.
Second class— F. H. Bushnell 72. G. M Bar
ley 72, O. A. tfremer 106.
Third class— C. Roberts 64, Mrs. M. J. White
68, C. F. Waltham 112, W. J. Unfrea 116 A
Hinterma:i 140, V. J. Lamott 183, R. W. lorest
202.
All-comers' re-entry matches— Diamond pis
tol record medsl, 10 shots, F. O. Young 51, Ed
Hovey 52, A. B. Dorrell 61, J. E. Gormai 64.
Gordon islanding, three-shot scores— A. B
Dorrell 7, F. O. Young 8, J. E. Gorman 10 F
11. Bushntll 14.
Howard Carr. any-revolver medal, six shots—
A. B. Dorrell 43, 38, C. Roberts 45, 47.
Achille Rooe, 22-caliber rifle medal fire
shots— Ed Hovey 10, A. B. Dorrell IS, 13,
The Germanta Schuetzen Club had am
ple evidence yesterday of the success of
Ita new departure in offering half a doz»n
cash prizes, open to all comers, in addi
tion to its regular club class medals.
There was very lively shooting for these
prizes all day. The prizes aggregate $200
and the four beat ten six-shot scores at tiie
end of the year on the two styles, ring
and bulheye, will take the prizes. Tue
high scores yesterday were made as fol
lows:
D. B. Faktor 73, Dr. L. O. Rodgers 69, F B.
Schuster 68, Nick Ahrent 67, H. Hellberg 67,
J. You up 65.
The Germany's class medal tcores,
twenty shots, German ring target, were as
follows:
First champion class, J. Young, 432 rinjrs;
secoud champion class, Dr. L. O. Rodeers, 419;
fiist and second clashes not fi led. First third
cla -*, F. 11. Bush: ell, 406; second third class,
L. N. Riizau, 387; lourm class. E. H. Goetze,
356; be* 1 , tirst shot, Wiillain (ißrms, 25 rings;
bust last shot, George A'pers, 24.
A. H. Pai c was the high man in the
San Francisco tcbuetzen Club for yester
day. He won the championship medal of
ttie club lor the fourth time and it is now
his property "for keeps." Tae scores
made on twenty shots German ring target
stood:
Champion class— A. H. Pape, 441 rlng«; first
class, George Alpers, 415; becond class not
fliled; third ciiss, A. Juugblut, 389; luurth
class, W. C. Morken, 368; best first shot, J.
Tbode, 23; best last shot, G. Alpers, 23.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club's
builseye shoot for iash prizes, while pro
ductive of rr>any bullseyes, failed to pro
duce very close centers. The prizewin
ners and tbeir scores as ahown by the
measuring machine were as follows:
1, H. S:elline. 547 points; 2, F. Rust. 705; 3,
F. P. .^chu^ter, 789; 4, W. Morken, 863; o, O.
Lemeke. 880; 0, L. N. Ritzan. 899: 7, H. Hell
be rr. 917; 8, G. SchuU, 1291; 9, J. de Wi:,
1404; 10, A. F. Meyer. 104 U.
Many marksmen from the military com
panies were out for practice and for com
petition for tbeir monthly medals. The
coining 100-men team match between the
First ana Fifth Regiments is a topic of
much ditonstion, and both regiments will
pill cllt Us best SUOIS.
The scores made yesterday, ten shots,
mititary targets, were as follows:
companies C and G— P. J. Newman ti 42, H.
Owen 35. J. P. Heiibronne 39, \V. G. Sparrowe
37, J. Norton 45. H. J. Musgr&ve 35. J. Gillies
36, F. Sherman 40, F. F. Carson 40, O. C. Neil
son 31, W. W. Thompson 38. R. C. Dunbar
28, R. J. Dowdall 35, A. B. Ntison 28. C. Meyer
44, i». Elsworth 29, W. Brinn 24. K. J. Povey
45, W. N. Swa-py 34. A. S. Haltield 32, G.
I'helps 28. V. J Anderson 35, George Souther
25, A. Martin 30, C. E Goodell 44, W. Gillieb
21, George Petty 33, J. B. Swltzor 22, h. A.
Couroy 23, J. li. McKaight 37, X. Krmdsoa
22, P. A. Larson 30. W. S. Feun 41, O.
McGilvery 41. G. W. Simmie 41, \V
H. Shaw 41, J. S. McCabe 18. J. N"
Ross 38, C. P. Hirst 34, J. Irvine 32.,
F Lanslug 40, J. R. Barricklo 42, T. G. Ban;*
35, P. 1). butt 37, <:. McDonald 36, W. R. But
ler 22, H. Herrmann 32. T. H. Armstrong 11,
F. L. McNully 43, I. M. Piers 41. C. E. Thomp
son 42, H. Kellev 39, H. T. Hicks 41. J. Smitli
»on 41, V. F. Northrop 41, A. H. Kennedy 37,
E. C. snt; iff o :iS, A. E. Anderson 42. AY. K.
Unired39, C. F. Walthain 44. 11. H. Morris 40.
Company K— R. M. Dewar 43, Lieutenant
Seely 43, Barley 44, Mund 16, Uevany 18, Cas
siiiy :58, E. P. Jaeobson 43, Corporal \Vrin 36,
E. D. Montrose 32, C. Maguire 43, CapUia
(iinuin^hHm 44, Hynes 21, Fegan 29, Meyers
41, Corporai L'lscing 42.
Company F— Lieutenant Xippert 38, Ser
feant Cook 42, Sergeant Turton 34, Private
'urton 34, Nathan 38, Willard 40, Amos 21,
Corporal Doscner 18, Sergeant H. B. Hawks
40, Pratt 35. Corporal Hawks 12, Captain
Miller 31. McNeil 34, Dever 39, Sheridan 30,
Field 33, Fitzgerald 39, Sergeant Iverson 41,
O'Brien 34.
A dozen of tbe good sbot» of the Inde
pendent Rifles had a private match with
the muskets for $20. Each man tired five
shots. Following were the winning and
losing teams:
J. Stande 18, H. Stande 19, D. Gaitzln 18 C.
Kornbcck 19, C. Mitchell 17, W. Lindecker 10
Total 107.
F. Zeizing 18, H. Schlickmau 14, C. Lin
decker 17, Kunike 18, C. Andrews 17, P. D.
Butt 20. Total 104.
SPOKE ON THE BIBLE.
Mrs. R. S. Lillie's Address Before
the Society of Progressive
Spiritualists.
The Scriptures, She Says, Support
Spiritua ism and Tell of Its
Phenomena.
The Society of Progressive Spiritualists
held services at Scottish Hall, 105 Laricin
street, last evening. Mrs. R. 8. Lillie of
Boston spoke upon "The Bible and Spirit
ualism." She was introduced by Presi
dent Rider and spoke substantially as fol
lows:
Spiritualists as a rule search everywhere^for
truth and unbind shackles. They treat "the
Bible rationally with the mind free on this as
on any other subject. The parent church-
Catholicism— held in its charge the Bible in
its oiiginal form. Its books were written
thousands of years ago by authors whose
names are practically unknown. It has been
taucht that the Bible was the very word of
(jod. It is now known that it i> of human
origin Hiui contains many imperfections.
The Bible, as some one has said. Is like an
old fiddle, you can play any tune on it; and
we can play Suiritualism as well as any other
tune. We will lake the lirst few chapters of
the book and find that the first spiritual
seance was the one held^on Mount Sinai. It
was a slate-writing and trumpet seance. The
law was written on tablets of stone up there
on the mountain amid the thunders and light
ning, by the hand of Jehovah himbelf. Spirit
ua ism lms taught from its inception that it
was wrong to kill. Human life should be held
sacred and as a most precious gift.
Christianity claims to nave done much for
the elevation of woman, and yet It teaches
that she is the author of evil and the source of
sin and death in the world. Spiritualism de
nies the slander and claims the equality of the
sexes. By and by we shall know how to rear
children from the foundation so that crimln
a.s shall not be born. Jails and prisons will
be vacant and insane asylums tenantleas.
Next Sunday tne subject will be, ''Spir
itualism, the PerishaDle and Imperish
able." _
Workman* Guarantee Fund.
The Workman's Guarantee Fund has estab
lished a series of grade.! assessments something
after the plan adopted by the Ancient Order of
United Workmen. • his is belle yea will be very
acceptable 10 t lie membership. The plan does not
In any manner change the matter of benefits,
■~*.m . m "•
Old • Dutch, Hungarian, English, Japanese
gray ami green oaks, fine mat gilts and green
aid gold bronzes lor picture frames at San
born, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. Picture de
partment next to frame department on ground
floor. •
NOT IN FAVOR
OF RECIPROCITY
Viticulfurist Bowen Thinks
That It Would Be
Ruinous.
Says Chicago His Been Selfishly
Dickering Wi h France and
Germany.
One of the Leading Qnestions to Come
Up at the Wine Convention on
Tuesday.
At the Viticaltural convention to be
held in tbe Chamber of Commerce to
morrow the active wine men will discuss
many questions of local importance.
Amon gthese are tliejtariff, tbe bottlinp'of
brandies in bond and i c possible reci
procity of France and Germany as to wines
and brand es.
Speaking of the lntter point Charles E.
.Bowen, a practical vineyardist, said yes
terday:
"The question of reciprocity with France
and Germany as to wines and possibly
braniiies is one of the most important that
has been brought to the attention of viti
uultunsts and wine merchants since the
California wine industry assumed any
commercial proportions. A careful can
vass among tbe wine merchants of San
Francisco and of those wine-makers of the
interior of the State who have visited the
City within the p tst ten days convinces
me that an organized effort should be
made at once to stave off any movement
looking toward reciprocity with the coun
tries named. Many of tbe merchants and
growers evince a genuine alarm at tbe
situation which has recently developed,
and justly so, it seems to me.
"The present movement looking toward
reciurocity has its origin with the leading
packet s and meat shippers of Chicago.
For a number of years it has been their
aim to ship their meats and provisions to
Germany in particular, and to a less de
gree to Fiance, under more favorable trade
conditions than now exist. With this
end in view they are working to have re
ciprocal inducements offered to the Ger
man and French governments, and have
selected wine as one of the articles which
those countries can ship to the United
States at reduced rates of duty or none at
all. These meat men have an enormous
influence both in Washington and out,
and as the trade of Germany and France
in their lines can be built up to millions
of dollars annually in value, they will
naturally ex><rt all their influence to at
tain their ends.
"I do not believe that the majority of
California wine-growers realize wiiat reci
procity with Germany and France would
mean to them. For many years they
have made little or not ing from ihe
products of their vineyards. It is only
within the iast two years that vineyard
property has become of any commercial
| Viilue as an investment, and now It is pro
posed to open our American wine niar-
I kets to French and German products for
i the bent-fit of a few Chicago millionaire
butchers and pork-packers.
■'Some years ago when new wines were
selling at the vineyards of this State at
from seven to eight cents per gallon, and
there was a general over-suppiy of wines,
an experimental shipment of ten carloads
of wine was made to Cette in France. The
wine was selected solely because it was
high in alcohol and big bodied and was to
be used in blending with the lighter French
growths. Even at the low price of seven
or eight cents per gallon to tbe producer
it was found that the trade could not be
made to pay tbe shipper, as cheap Spanish
and Algerian wines (red wines ior blend
ing) could be bought at a les3 figure than
the California wines laid down in France.
"This condition still exists in France to
day. I quote from Le Moniteur Vinicole
of January 22, 1897. giving the following
market report of blending wines atßcrcy,
the greut entrepot for wine 01 Paris.
This market report is as follows:
Buyers are few. some speculators are offer
ing at this time Algerian wines at 21 francs
and even 120 lraucs per hectoliter without
much success. However, slocks are low, and
it will soon become nece: ? sary to replenish
ihriii. At this moment wines may be quoted
as follows:
Aramon 24 to 29 francs per hecto'lter
Mm* rvols -7 to 'i'l traucs per hectoliter
.Montagu.- i! 7to 3J francs per he tollter
r. nil -si urn -5 to 35 francs per nectolker
Algerian 20 lo i.'7 fiancs per hectoliter
P.HS---B mrgogne. 25 lo 30 francs p*r hectoliter
1 ouralne 25 to Hi) francs per hectoliter
i iii-r -" to 32 traucs per litc.o.icr
"California wines if sold in France
would come in direct competition with
the heavy Algerian an:l Spanish wines.
Estimating the franc at 18V£ cents and the
hectoliter at 26% American gallons, we
wouid thus get nearly 14 cents per Amer
ican gallon ior our wmes laid down in
Bercy, this beiug tbe same price as now
quoted for Algerian wines. Practically
the same price would rule at Cette, Mar
seilles, Bordeaux and other wine-blending
centers of France.
"To arrive at a proper estimate of the
price wiiicb wou.d be realized at tbe Cal -
iornia vineyards, we would have to deduct
at least 4 cents per gallon for cooperaee, 3
cents at a low estimate for freight, and
other charges for insurance, commissio; s,
etc. All things considered, we would be
lucky if under the blessings of reciprocity
we obtained Gcei.ts per gallon for our new
wines, and all to suit thewishesof achque
of Chicago millionaires. Our vineyardi^ts
and winemakers are now holding out for
20 cents per gallon. How do they like the
prospects under reciprocity ?
"This is but half of thestory. Our wine
shipments to the Eastern States in 1896
were about 15,000,000 callous. The total
value of our wine and brandy shipments
was ciose to ($8,000,000. In the same year
me imports ot French and German wines
in bulk at New York were as follows, ac
cording to Bonfort's Wine and Spirit
Circular:
Bordeaux and Burgundy 274, 150 gallons
Cette (French) 1M, 565 gallons
German and Hungarian 681,180 gallons
"This takea no account of the wii.es im
ported in cases.
"If French and German wines were ad
mitted into tbe United Stales without the
payment of duty (for this 1 is what reci
procity means), we would at once lose our
large markets in New York and New Or
leans, to say nothing of other cities, on
account of the cheap price, at which
French and German wines could be sold
and on account of the existing prejudice
against domestic wines and in favor of
the imported. We would become reduced
Ito the necessity of competing in tue
foreign markets for the sale of our wines
as blending material, exactly as the Span
iards and Algerians are doing to-day. In
other words, our industry, instead of being
fairly profitable, as it is to-day, would be
simply ruined.
"Tuis, then, is the situation confront*
ing us.
"Wtia* is to be done?
"That will be discussed at the conven
tion to be held Tuesday. In past years
matters of National legislation were at
tended to by the late Viticultural Com
mission, but it i« no more. Governor
Budd, in bis desire to abolish 'useles com-
I missions,' succeeded in having it done
away with after compromising with its
members, although he afterward signed
bills creating more commissions, as wit
ness the State Bureau of Highways and
the Code Commission. Liberal-minded
men in the industry, ho wever, uayo seen
to it that an industry which represents
$60,000,000 in capital shall not be jeopard
ized in Washington. They recognize
that their business, though considered
legitimate in California, is condemned by
public sentiment la some other States
and for this reason they will have more
difficulty in securing justice than the
fruit, wool and other agricultural tailings
oftheS'ate. It behooves every vijrneron
to inierest himself in this movement and
to use bis influence and contribute his
share toward having proper representation
at the National capital.
"The timt) is short. The Ways and
Means Committee of the House of Repre
sentatives is meeting daily for the purpose
of preparing a tariff and revenue bill to
be introduced at the special bession of
Congress, which, if report be correct, will
convene on March 15.
"We ought to be represented in Wash
ington now, and I trust that we will be
before it is too late. Every merchant and
grower is interested In this matter and I
hope that before ten days pass by the wine
industry will have such representation as
us importance deserves."
D. O. MILLS IS IN TOWN.
The Miilionair- Owner of Mills Build
ing and of .Vi libra* Arrives From
New York.
Among the arrivals here yesterdny from
the East was D. O. Mills, the millionaire
wlio lounded his fortune in Sacramento,
who has his headquarters in New York,
who is building two large economical ho
tels in that city, who owns the Mills
building in San Francisco, and who owns
a country home in Sun Mateo County at
Miilbr.ie, which is named after him.
Mr. Mills came here by way of Arizona,
where he spent a few days, as is his cus
tom, in visiting his son-in-law, Whitelaw
Reid, at his winter borne. Mr. and Mrs.
Reid will shortlr come here to visit at
Millbrae, where Mr. Mills will spend his
time unul April.
Then he will start on his return to New
Yorfc. He will arrive there just about the
time that his large hotel is completed and
ready to be opened for the 1600 roomers it
is designed to accommodate. The sepa
rate apartments are small, Dut furnished
with all moiern conveniences, including
electric light and artificial heat. They are
intended lor men, and together witti board
will cost the individual less than 50 cents
a day, though equaling the accommoda
tions to be had at ordinary hotels. Rooms
will be rented by the month. Mr. Mills
says that the enterprise is not intended as
a money-making scheme, but that it wili
pay expenses and provide neat sanitary
quarters for men of small moans. Such
hotels, he thinks, would pay expenses in
any large city.
An to the financial outlook, Mr. Mills
declares that there will be an awakening
immediately upon the arrangement of the
National income with respect to protec
tion.
Six Mien Rurifd by a Cave.
GOUVERNOUR, N. Y..|Feb. 14.-A sec
tion of a shaft in the Freemans talc mine
at Talcville, nine miles from this village,
caved in and buried six men underneath
a vast amount of rock and earth this
afternoon. They are certainly dead.
Their names are: McCoy, Matthews,
Tetheron, McLochlin, Charles Larock and
Dawley.
J>«ttrnyinrt the Toll Gates.
VANCEBURG.K.Y.Feb.I4 —At 6 o'clock
to-nijiht 150 mounted men rode into
Vanceburn and gave it out that they had
destroyed five tollgates and were goin^ to
destroy more. Alter riding about town
making no attempt to hide their identity
the raiders *et out for the country bent on
m're destruction.
SEW TO-DAT.
"Red Letter Day."
These Monday sales serve a two-
fold purpose :
Advertise the store.
Keep our stock straight new —
bright — fresh.
Chiffoniers.
117 different sorts of chiffoniers
are on our floors — and that's giving
too much room to chiffonier show-
ing.. Hence, these go-quick prices
for to-day :
$5.75 I '«* f
$5.75 %f?~~-- r- M ->.i
lit JHsr^- Z^ as." y|
Just to give you an inkling of
price littleness, we've pictured this
big six-drawer chiffonier of hard
wood, in antique finish, at $5.75.
These should find quick takers :
Oak chiffonier and wardrobe (French
mirror doors inclosing drawer arrange-
ment), $40— was $75.
Oak chiffonier. $06 — was $50.
Oak chiffonier, $-7— was $36.
Maple chiffonier, $50— was $72.
Maple chiffonier, $28 was $40.
Maple chiffonier, $25 — was $32.
Birch chiffonier, — was $13.
Birch chiffonier. $12 was $16.
Birch chiffonier, $2") — was $40.
Birch chiffonier. $50 — was $70.
Mahogany chiffonier, $55— was $75.
Mahogany chiffonier, $40— was $30.
For every reduction we've quoted
here there will be a dozen nodding
at you when you call.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpels
117 Geary Street „*«*,
S^^iSiIESTORED«SS
I i%#^ANHOOD RESTORED^™"-
LX < ■— J jj^B- -. _J HinilllVHW llfcy 1 V«lfcl*Vitali2er,theprescrlp-
<Tf VX W9 £t tlon ot a famous French }'hysiciau, will quickly cure you of all nrr-
■ \C\ /u\ ) \*> " VI you or diseases of the geueratiye organs, such as Lost Manhood,
■S. l2A] \1 i-ftMii Insomuia^l'alns In the Back, Seminal Jimissions, Nervous Debility
.88 V i^^L 1 tM' Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, VnricrweiP arid
hm V^ A V —/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
J2t X» / nossol discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and ■
BEFORE' i>hAFTER all the horrors of Impotency. (TPIDEnK cleanses tie liver. Un
h Dcrwne. «no Mr ien ktd neysan( i t he urinary organs of ail parities.
■■ CVPIQKNE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ■
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per r<?nt are troubled with
Proat»tltla. CDPIDENE la the only fcno-»n remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 testimony
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cure.
|:Looabox,sir for?s.oo,by mail. Send for circular and testimonials.
Address JUAVOXj 31±:jL>It;i>'ii CO.. 1170 ilurket street, San Francisco, i ai. For sale by
iiBOOKb' PHARMACY, 119 Lowell »trew.
HEWTCOiT
PROFESSOR J. M. MUHTOH.
Muny.on's Improved Homoeopathic Rem-
edies act almost instantly, speedily curing
the most obstinate cases.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom
fails to relieve in from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
trouble. Price, 25c. ."<: t
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price. 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure .stops couchs,
night sweats; allays soreness, and speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price. 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, '25c.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes an cure permanently. Price, sl.
Munyon's Vitaiizer, a great tonic and re-
storer of vital strength to weak people. $1.
Prof. Munyon has a irate cure for
each disease. At all druggists, mostly 25
cents a vial. '
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CURED
The number of bad s^^^.
cases cured by the /^^^?*^*^^\
noted specialist, Doc- /Miwify' \
tor Cook, is truly won- ('ity%& \
Uerful. His patients ■ '&j&*f'i .«»sw_^L
come from every occu- Tspqf/; ;*4j9vlrWP\
pation and from all trKZJ^* \\
over the world. Among «K>>'}'i I 4js£*Ll
o'her ills he mi.iran- 1j»-tt- I £2S?5i
tees a perfect cure of "*^3 ' Jfy!-5 . ~itfV\*y?
Female Complaints, Ivi Sffi J ?Ki
Lost Manhood, Sexual A^^wlM&ffir
or Seminal Weakness. >^B^. t^3^ar>Mk.
Gonorrhoea, Stricture, B&l^^feL^&V vl
Syphilis, Varicocele, KiSPK^B£ ?B )«
Hydrocele, Blood and I"H\V VJWST >/" *'•"
Skin Diseases and all (DOCTOR COOK )
functional diseases of the Liver. Stomach,
Kidneys, Bladder and other internal organs.
Office hours 9 to 12 A. M. and 2 to 5 acd 7 to 8
P. M.; Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
Write if you cannot call. Mail treatment al-
ways successful. Free book on Nervous and
Sexual Disorders to all men describing their
troubles. Address
DOCTOR COOKsa^^ia^
TUB
WEEKLY
C7ILL
©^ It Publishes the Cream of th«
ex News of the Week and
=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
01 PACIFIC COAST
<J Always Republican, but Alway*
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
3 v Rendering of the Po-
<IJ litical News.
o '
eJ It's the Paper to Send East II
cJ You Want to Advertise
o( California.
°\ The Best \ /Mining
©C Telegraphic \y News That
ot Service on /V Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to data
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting,
®j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champion ol
CX Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C< HOME MAIL, $1.56
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
c^ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tf 7TT*7 A T Properly prepared and
I\/| M *-* I promptly served, can
A » I 1 dJ. li-/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the f-\ AT A /T*'
Most Popular PALACh
Dining Apart- * ilJLilVjiJ
ment in town. —wjm.hi i ■imiiiiimi.wim
0000000000000
56
Whit efkli
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUjre Free:
Dally «nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. sol s
Dally and Bond*? Call, on* year, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Cm, three month* by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall. .65 i
Sunday Call, one year, by mall- 1.60 '■■
Vv'uxlt Call, one year, by mall .T. i-60 ■,
_
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Tejcphra* M*ln-1i74
BRANCH Of-FICBS I
627 Mont/joinery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
015 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
cntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Kooms si and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Eastern Manager.
inn CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
MONDAY _FJ£BRUAKY 15. 1897
THE FAKE JSD THE FACT.
THE FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount in inches of Its
advertising and thai in consequence It could be
confronted with the following fact.
— THE FACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It Is to be remembered that during 1896 the
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
Illegal lottery advertisements, of which The Call
did not and would not publish one.
The monarch of the falters has doubtless suc-
ceeded In securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dupinx and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the character of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts tbat the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by its
iraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, tint we suggest that it Inspect Its own
rooks before it venture) UDOn the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
rxrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop 1L
In this the Examiner was discreet, and if It is wise
li will make no more such bold attempts to
ri twelve the public.
The United States should adopt a vigor
ous Pan-American policy ana enforce it.
Over in the East they are saying "as the
days grow longer tne cold throws stronger."
It is different here.
In place of bank suspensions we now
hear of bank resumptions and the pendu
lum is swinging back to prosperity.
The election of Perry Belmont to the
Tammany council looks as if an attempt
is to be made to reform the tiger by giving
him the gold cure.
Some tobacco raised in Wisconsin from
Cuban seed developed such an excellent
leaf that tne Wisconsin people in talking
of it can hardly avoid speaking Epanisn.
If Butler is the criminal of the century,
what are we to call the highly educated
young man in Pennsylvania who tried to
kill his stepmother by use of diphtheria
germs.
It is stated that the number of persons
killed in ihe United Btates last year by
overhead wires was greater than the num
ber killed by railways. They are called
live wires, but they mean death.
It is said there are 8000 families in want
of bread in Chicago, and yet the bins of the
farmers of Illinois are lull of corn they
cannot sell. It looks as if the links of our
civilization had lost connection some
where.
It is reported that the demand for skilled
mechanics in England has become so
great that young men are turning away
from office work to enter factories, where
they make twice the pay they could get
as clerks.
Senator Hill says the trouble with the
Democratic party in the last campaign
was a combination of "passion, prejudice,
selfishness, sectionalism and emotional
ism," and it will be admitted the diagnosis
is correct.
President Eliot has informed the mil
lionaires of Boston that it they will give
$10,000,000 to Harvard he will see to it
that good use is made of it. There arc
others who are ready to make the same
guarantee.
All right-minded men approve there
solve of the Greeks not to be passive spec
tators of the massacres in Crete, and they
would approve us if we reluse to watch
any longer with indifference the mas
sacres in Cuba.
The dramatic critic of the Boston Herald
asserts the people in that city have
adopted a fad of applauding everything in
a theater without regard to its merits. Ap
plausiveness is regarded as the proper
thing, and so all the nice people clap their
hands vigorously as often as possible dar
ing a performance just to show their style.
A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION.
The investigation of ike question of water rates will be taken up by the Board of
Supervisors again this evening, and will be continued at tri-weekly meetings as long
as may be necessary for a full and official ascertainment of the facts essential to a just
regulation of water rates.
The right of the people of any community to inquire into the equity and fairness
of the rates which corporations holding public franchises for the supply of such neces
saries of civilized life as water, light and the like are entitled to charge the in
dividual user has been conceded by economists and established by law. The statutes
of the State of California provide for such annual statements on the part of water
companies of their properties, business and income as may enable Boards of Super
visors to determine whether their water schedules are fair and just.
It will be seen at a glance that in this matter each municipality stands alone in
the midst of its own conditions and that the rates rightly chargeable in one section
are little guide to those which the water company of another may be entitled to
receive. This being so, there is all the more reason why the investigation of water
rates by our Board of Supervisors should be so complete, detailed and exhaustive
that the schedule which they finally agree to fix shall satisfy the public mind as
being fair and just.
It is to be expected that the Mayor and Board of Supervisors will enter upon and
wiil conduct the present investigation in tne spirit above suggested, and that during
its progress they shall keep themselves above the suspicion of either dishonesty or
demagoguery. To a man of large and diverse interests and of wide culture liKe
Mayor Phelan, the first of these vices is not supposable, and the second of them ought
to and doubtless is detestable. The members of the board have thus far escaped the
imputation of either offense against their oath of office, and it is to be hoped that the
present investigation shall give no ground for public belief in the existence of either.
The dishonesty of the demagogue is hardly less in degree than that of the bribe
taker and is much more dangerous to the health of the body politic.
In the matter of the pending inquiry into the equity of existing water rates there
is no necessity for hysterics and no place for a aisplay of the soap-chewing tactics of
the demagogue. It is the duty of the Mayor and of each and every member of the
Board of Supervisors to bring to the subject that sober and practical sense which they
employ in their personal aftairs; to require from the water company the same sort of
detailed statement which they would receive from their agents, and to apply to the
whole matter those practical rules of eveiy-day business ■which govern the subject of
capital in its investment and in its rightful, reasonable and just returns.
AN AMERICAN CAUSE.
Before the present week closes the work
of organizing a movement in this City for
the promotion of the cause of free Cuba
should be virtually completed. We should
put ourselves into line with the other
cities of the Union and pive evidence not
only of our sympathy with the Cuban
people, but of our determination to aid
them by every lawful means.
The cause 01 Cuba is the cause o! Ameri
ca. Tue struggle oi the Cuban patriots is
the same as that which our forefathers
waged apainst England in 1771j. It is
another effort on the part of an American
people to emancipate themselves from
European control and establish their right
to self-eovernment.
The time has come when all America
should be free from the domination of the
Old World. We may concede as much as
can be justly claimed by the older nations
of what is due to (hem for colonizing this
hemisphere, but such claims cannot go to
the exient of a right to perpetual govern
ment over any part of our continent or
their adjacent islands. America is of
right entitled to self-government, and no
European power can seek to dominate an
American country any more justly than
the United States might seek to conquer
and annex the territory oi some of the
weaker nations of Europe.
The United States is not an aggressive
Nation. We do not make war lor the an
nexation of territory or for the power of
domination. We have never sought to
take from any European country any of
its possessions iv our hemisphere. We do
not seek to do so now. When, however,
an American people revolts against Eu
ropean control and shows through years
of war its ability to maintain itself avainst
all the power of its former musters, then
it ia not only our right but our duty to
intervene and give to the struggling pa
triots the aid necessary to re-establish
peace within their borders.
If Spain had any possible cnance of re
asserting her supremacy and her laws in
Cuba there might be reasons why we
should hesitate to interfere in the war and
put an end to it. It is certain, however,
that Spain cannotconquer Cuba. All that
she can do is to destroy property and
shed blood. We have therefore the com
mon right of humanity as well as the po
litical right of an American people to in
tervene and compel Spain to retire from
this continent and leave the Cubans free
to govern themselves.
San Francisco if she stood alone could
not do much to promote the cause cf Cu
ban independence. She does not stand
alone. Nearly every city of note in the
United States has organ. zed a committee
to promote the cause, and we will be but a
co-operative force with others when we
begin the work here. It is right and fitting
that we should manifest our willingness
to co-operate in the work, and before the
week closes we should have made it evi
dent that we intend to do so.
A FARMERS' CLUB.
Asa result of the Farmers' Institute,
held in this City, it has been decided to
organize a Farmers' Club to be made up
of residents of San Francisco. The de
! cislon is in no way surprising, it is known
j there are more farmers, vineyardists and
orchardists living in the county of San
Francisco than in any other in the State.
It is natural, therefore, that these should
unite and organ ize, as have done the farm
ers in other cities, in order to advance
their welfare by discussions and by organ
ized action where sucn is necessary.
Since such a club is to be organized, it
should be the aim of the promoters to
make it of more than ordinary strength,
vigor and importance. A club of farmers,
resident in the metropolis, can be of great
service, not only to its own members, but
to farmers throughout the State. As was
stated by Alfred Hoiman at the session of
the institute on Thursday evening, a San
Francisco Farmers' Club could aid in the
establishment of a satisfactory market for
rural products, and could also facilitate
the exchange and dissemination of current
new?, which would be of great value to
the farming industry.
Mr. Hoiman pointed out an instance of
recent occurrence where such a olub
wouid have been of great benefit to the
farmeis. The wheat-growers of California,
be said, failed to profit by the recent rise
in wheat because, though the circum
stances which led up to it were known to
a few persons here and to the department
at Washington, there was no way in which
that knowledge could be conveyed to those
most vitally interested. If there had been
a strong Fanners' Club here, with special
sources of information, the farmers would
have been benefited to the extent of a sum
I so large as to be difficult to estimate.
The proposed club begins under propi
. tious circumstances. The men and women
| who have started the movement and given
iv their names as members are persons of
influence and energy. We can reason
ably look forward to good results from
their work, and may, therefore, in all cer
tainty count on a Farmers' Club as one of
the established institutions of .the City.
It is altogether right and fitting that the
banquet to be given Judge McKenna
should be a non-partisan gathering. The
guest of the evening will represent all
California in the Cabinet and *all Califor
nians are ready to congratulate him on his
selection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
SECEETAEY MOETON.
Of ail the members of the Cleveland
Cabinet the one who has been the subject
of most adverse criticism is the Secretary
of Agriculture. This fact is due mainly to
the personal defects of the Secretary. The
business of his office has little or no re
< lation to the great issues which divide
I political parties, and therefore if he had
acted with an ordinary degree of prudence
and sagacity be could have gone through
his term with no partisan denunciation
and little or no condemnation from any
class of the people.
The first Secretary of Agriculture, Mr.
Rusk, made the office one of the most im
portant in the Cabinet and won for him
self in the condnct of its affairs sucn a
reputation among the people as made him
a prominent candidate for the Presidency.
His successor, Mr. Morton, has been the
opposite of all that made Secretary Rusk
popular. lie has attended more to poli
tics than to agriculture, has engaged in
more forms of "pernicious activity than
any other Cabinet officer on record, and
has either injured or irritated every farm
ing industry in the country.
Some illustrations of Morton's lack of
official propriety as well as of political
sagacity were given in the debate in the
Senate on Wednesday on the agricultural
appropriation bill. Senator Vest pointed
out that among the agricultural bulletins
sent out by the Secretary were a number
which from so far relating to matters of
agriculture were not only strictly political,
but were of the worst kind of partisan poli
tics at tbat. Ha noted one in particular in
which the Secretary had arraigned the
people of the States which were carried by
Bryan as ignorant and illiterate. The
statements made by the Secretary in this
bulletin were accurate enough, Dut cer
tainly they were not matters of agricul
ture and were not calculated to give in
struction to farmers or to advance farming
interests.
Another foolish bulletin contained a
picture of Secretary Morton's country
residence in Nebraska, and was made up
of an address which the Secretary had de
livered at a college before he had entered
the public service. Senator Chandler
called attention to s till another of these
agricultural bulletins, in which the Secre
tary had turned aside from farming and
proceeded to discuss the financial ques
tion. Senator Stewart declared the Secre
tary to be "the most picturesque specimen
he had aver Known." Thus one after
another Senators of all parties united in
giving a severe roasting to the extraordi
nary egotist who for four years has been
posing and drawing pay as Secretary of
Agriculture, but who has done nothing In
the office except to irritate the country by
repeated demonstrations of his disregard
for public welfare and his seeming con
tempt for everybody who disagrees with
him on any subject whatever.
THE SONOMA PAIR.
The county of Sonoma has long since
demonstrated that the northern citrus
belt has advantages peculiar to itself
which are in no wise inferior to any pos
sessed by the southern counties. This
proof is to be confirmed and made amply
manifest in the citrus fair which is coon
to open. All reports show that the dis
play will be one of tne best ever made in
the State and fully equal in many respects
to any which has been exhibited at River
side, San Diego or Los Angeles.
The cultivation of oranges in Sonoma
was at first treated as a joke, and when
the orchardists of the county showed that
they intended it seriously, many people
regarded it as a hazardous experiment.
Both the joker? and the doubters, how
ever, have now been silenced. Sonoma
has shown that it can produce oranges of
the finest quality and in large quantities.
It has entered the market as an orange
producer, has drawn therefrom large
profits and has every prospect of larger
profits in the years to come.
The display to be made at the coming
fair will serve to demonstrate something
more than the ability of Sonoma and the
districts around it to produce oranges.
It will make evident the fact tnat the
foothills of California are far richer than
has been generally supposed. They pos
«ess a soil equal to the best and have a
climate which can hardly be surpassed.
It would be b,ard to set limits to the va
riety of productions which may be ob
tained from all the lootbill region, when
thorough and comprehensive experiments
have tested and made known the utmost
which can be produced there.
There are other counties in Northern
California which can profitably imitate
the example set by Sonoma. It needs
nothing more than well-conducted ex
periments to sbow that they also may
make themselves rich in orchard products
of all Kinds known to the temperate zone.
The display to be shown at the coming
fair will tend to encourage the making of
these experiments la fruit-growing in
other sections, and it is safe to predict
that ere long the northern citrus belt will
be as prosperous and as renowned as that
of the south. Such fairs are benefits to
the whole State, and should be liberally
patronized not only by the people of the
section where they are held, but by the
State at large. Certainly the people of
San Francisco should do much to promote
and advance them, and every one who can
afTora it ought to visit the Sonoma fair
and extend to it the fullest patronage pos
sible.
COASI LXCHAhGES.
The Hollister Bee has changed hands, Harry
Johnson retiring from its editorial manage
ment, and being succeeded by Edward Series.
The policy of the paper remains the same.
Angels Camp is being agitated on the sub
ject of incorporation and the Mountain Echo
is earnestly pleading with the people of that
prosperous mining town to move in the mat
ter without delay, to the end that many
needed public improvements may. be the more
speedily secured.
The Fresno Expositor has begun war on the
Chinese lottery games of the Raisin City. It
remarks that conservative estimates of the
amount drained from that cUv annually into
the coffers of the shrewd heathen sharps,
place the sum at no less than $400,000. The
Expositor should be commended for its stand
in behalf of law. ;. > '
The Merced Star having recorded the fact
that one of the citizens of that city owned a
hog which weighed 350 pounds at two and a
half years of age, the Los Banos Enterprise in
dulges in a stage laugh and speaks thus;
"William Birch, our lumber-dealer, has a
Berkshire only fourteen months old which
weighed one week ago 506 pounds. Size ud to
that with your Merced River porker."
The Santa Cruz Sentiml is jubilant over the
prospect of the establishment of a woolen mill
in city. It says: "Colonel Humbert, who
desires to establish a woolen mill in this city,
wants a donation of land besides buildings
sufficient to accommodate machinery for the
manufacture of 100 pairs of blankets daily.
An effort is now being made to comply with
the terms upon which Santa Cruz can secure
the mill. Already the F. A. Hihn Company
has offered to donate two acres of land on
River street and 75,000 feet of lumber- W. H.
Lamb, who has the matter in charge, says
that offers of land, money, material and labor
will be accepted." -.
Los Gatos wants a new drainage system, a
new Town Hall and an electric-light system of
her own. In order to get those things the
Mail favors the issuance of bonds. It declares
that "the people of Los Gatos to-day will favor
anything in the bounds of reason that will
tend to better the condition of the place ; any
legitimate enterprise that will have a tend
ency to give employment to the unemployed,
to enhance the value of our properly, to bring,
capital to the place and to put Los Gatos where
she has been and where she belongs— the
foremost rank of the live* interior towns of
California."
The Santa Monica Outlook, in its 1897 special
edition, has outdone all its previous efforts
and has issued a number that will compare in
general excellence with the best product of
any paper outside the big cities. Its illustra
tions are superb, and the printing and paper
first-class. The history of Santa Monica is told
in a manner full of interest, and many an
Easterner will open his eyes in wonderment
as he reads of the transformation of a sheep
range into one of the Eden spots of California.
Editor D. G. Ho.t has earned distinguished
praise by that edition, and his work, will be of
great benefit to Santa Monica in attracting at
tention to her numerous advantages.
Auburn wants a cannery. The Argus of that
place observes that all indications point to a
splendid fruit crop in the coming season. The
paper continues:
"It is early to talk of this, but not too early.
The tun will very coon begin to 'ride high,'
and his mellowing influence will bring the
blossoming and the fruiting before very long,
and every element of economy calls for a can
nery as a necessary adjunct to the fruit in
terests of our county.
•'Another thing— Auburn should develop a
'pay day' of good dimensions. Every month
brings to Lincoln through her pottery and
cannery (in the season) a very well padded
pay roll. The same is true of Rocklin,
through her roundhouse and her quarries.
Auburn must try to develop something to
correspond with her sister cities. A few
thousand dollars to well-paid' laborers every
month in a city like ours is a consummation de
voutly to be wished. In what better way can
this be attained at present than by opening a
cannery?" - : ■'- ;" ; * i ''>\v""
The Wstsonville Pajaronian, in its interest
ing "Sugar Beet" items, Informs us that "the
last beet of toe campaign went into the mill
elevator last Saturday afternoon, and the big
whistle proclaimed the end of the cutting sea
son. A large part of the mill crew was laid
off at the close of the week, only enough be
ing retained to handle the closing syrup. It
is expected that the last of the sugar will be
run out to-morrow. It has been a long and
successful campaign. The mill handled a
greater tonnage of beets than ever before, and
the production of sugar was over 50 per cent
I greater than the big run two years ago. In
mill and on. fields the run and season were
about as perfect as they could be, and the re
cord made is apt to be a star ono for years.
Tne crop of 1894-05 was surpassed by the
1896-97 crop, the latter beinjt about 10,000 tons
greater. In sugar showing the difference was
more striking, the crop just milled showing
7000 tons of sugar in excess ot the crop two
years ago." ____^^^_^^^____^
NEWS OF tORtIGN NAVIES
British dockyards launched 71,970 toes of
war vessels during 1896.
Argentine is negotiating lor the tmrchase of
a battle-ship in England.
Japan has made a contract with Yarrows,
Ens., for the construction of two torpedo-boat
destroyers of 31 knots guaranteed speed.
The first rolled armor-plates were made by I.
W. Parkgate. Rothcrbam, Yorkshire. England.
The first lot was snipped to the Palmer yard
February 9, 1850, and 200 tons, ranging in
thickness from 3 to 4^ inches, were delivered
in seven weeks. The plates went on the floating
ironclad battery called the Terror.
Japan intends to spend a vast amount of
money in establishing or extending dock
yards at Hyogo, Moji, Uxaga, Hakodate and
Yokohama. The latter is well advanced
toward completion. Twenty million dollars
have already been expended on the harbor at
Osaka, which is ol great military importance.
- The shipyard and marine-engine works of
the Forges et Chantier at La Seyne are of a
capacity and Importance equal to any of th«
French dockyards. Besides several vessels
building for the French navy the establish
ment has five ships on the stocks or complet
ing for foreign navies, and In addition are re
fitting the Pelago, Vitoria and Xoinnancia for
Spain, and the Psara and Spetzia for Greece.
The Monarch, rated as a third-class turret
ship in the British navy.built inlß69,has been
thoroughly refitted and re-engined at a cost of
$500,000. end was commissioned last month
as a guardship in Simon's Bay, Cape of Good
Hop?. The hull, built of iron at the Chatham
dockyard twenty-seven years ago, is still in ex
cellent condition, and 60 are the Wai nor, built
In 1861; the Northumberland, 1308; Devasta
tion. 1873; Sultan, 1871, and Thunderer of
1877, all of which have either been recently
refitted or are now at the dockyards being put
In condition to meet present requirements of
that class of ships.
The Russian Naval Reserve is, so far as the
personnel goes, in a very unsatisfactory con
dition, judging from a recent incident. The
Minister of Marine had heard about the
Reserve and wanted to set) what it was like, so
1 he Issued summons for eighty-Mx men to
1 report at the Admiralty. Only thirty-eight
reported, and of this only eleven were able to
speak their own language fluently; fifteen
knew Englisn;- sixteen German, and two
Swedish. As a result of the examination,
only eleven men were accepted by the Minister
of Marine at lit for service in the navy.
The sinking of the French torpedo-boat No.
86, in consequence of & collision, is the fourth
boat of that class which has had bad luck.
Sixty-three of these boats, ranging from 54 to
56 tons displacement,' were built between
1885 and 1892. Their contract speed was
twenty knots, with 520 horsepower, but the
first lot of thirty-five boats were found too
slow, and heavier boilers were put in. This
reduced their stability and led to accidents.
In 1889 No. 102 capsized in a. moderate sea
and drowned six men. Three weeks later No.
110 went down in a squall off Cap« Barrio ur
drowning alt hands. In 1894 No. 120 burst a
I boiler and killed two men, and. now No. 83
| baa gong to Uie bottom*: ■
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
For a day or two past it has been rumored
that the distinguished Japanese naval officials
who arrived here recently to supervise and
partly superintend the construction of the
new Japanese cruiser at the Union Iron Works
had bad a row with the Scotts and the contract
was off. It was said that the gentlemen from
the land of the chrysanthemum were very
hostile indeed.
No interview could be gained with the naval
officials, and for a little while it looked as if
it might be true. But Lieutenant Kro Aoki of
the commission came to the front yesterday
and denied it utterly. He is at the Occidental.
"The Union Iron Works," he said, "is build
ing us a cruiser of the same class as the fam
ous Yoshlno, used in the Chinese-Japanese
LIEUTENANT KYO AOKI of the Japanese .Naval Commission, Who Is Watching
the Work on the New Cruiser at the Union Iron Works.
[Sketched from life by a "CWJ" arliiL\
war, and like her she will be very fast. We ex
pect not less than twenty knots an hour. She
will be about 400 feet long.
'I haven't had a misunderstanding or quar
rel with the Scotts about tho ship, nor have
the others of the commission. Work has only
just begun and it is going along very -well It
will take about two yean ft> complete her. It
is expected when she is finished she will be
one of the finest ships afloat.
"There are four of us who havo been sent to
note the progress of the work on this ship and
the one the Crampt are making in Philadel
phia. Myself and T.Tukakura are to attend to
the latter vessel, which is also to be a cruiser,
and S. Sakura and Y. Wadogaki are to specially
follow the work here.
"We are now having three cruisers built in
England, one cruiser and fouror more torpedo
boats in Germany and two cruisers in France.
"The work on the cruiser here is progressing
steadily. We are getiing nothing but the fin
est of war vessels. After we have been here
a while and visited the East we will probably
go to Europe.
"I have no idea yet what we shall call the
cruiser that is being made here. It is too
early." __^_____^__
FERaOKAL.
Dr. Thomas Boss of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
Rev. Samuel Herst of Vallejo is a guest at
the Grand.
Dr. T. A. Kcahles of Sacramento is staying
at the Grand.
Mrs. is. E. Clossen of Sacramento is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. E. Starkweather, a rancher from Hanford,
is a guest at the Lick.
W. E. Reavis, a frnlt-raiser of Los Angele9, is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Superior Judge A. Hewel of Modesto Is in
town. He is staying at the Lick.
Otto W. Noack, a large jeweler of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick with his wife.
Joseph Goss, one of the Los Angeles Super
visors, is a late arrival at the Lick.
Ll G. Kaufman, ft merchant of Juneau, Al- j
aska, arrived yesterday at the Grand.
C. F. Fearing, a society man of New York
City, arrived yesterday at the Palace.
A. H. Wndswortn, a cattleman of Yreka, is
in town, with neadquarters at the Lick.
A. N. Butts, a mining man with interests |
near Sonora, is registered at the Occidental.
A. S. Cooper, the asphaltum expert of Santa
Barbara, ii mating a brief visit at the Grand.
P. B. Ellis, a prominent business man of
Csrson, Nev., arrived at the Occidental yester
day.
Robert Repsold and Orazio Nutting of
Guatemala, arrived yesterday at the Cali
fornia.
R. P. La Blano and G. Fabst of Fresno are
among the recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Colonel J. B. Mitten is In town from the
Randsburg gold district and is visiting at the
Grand.
H. C. Waldburgof Portland, a big wool and
hops dealer, Is among yesterday's arrivals at
the Grand.
A. Abrahams, a merchant of Reno, Nev.,
came down yesterday and took apartments at
the Palace.
Among the arrivals yesterday at the Occi
dental was C. O. Johnson, superintendent at
San Luis Obispo of the 1 ■» Mfic Coast Railroad.
A. V>'. and L. J. Klmball, mining men of Vol
cano. Amador County, the inventors of a ma
chine for finding gold mines, are guests at the
Grand.
R. H. Martin, manager of the International
Bank in Guatemala, arrived at the Occidental
yesterday with his wife and two children en
route to England.
E. J. Gillen, a prominent business man of
New York, is on a visit to the City, accom
panled by his wife, and is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
THAI'S WHO!
Who hypnotized me with her ways
Umil my heart was all ablaze
With love, and every nerve appeared
To be, like Iteming:, double geared?
liUClnda.
Who listen*! to my earnest pleas.
And warmed toward me by degrees
Until she called me Sam, and said
I'd sort 0' turned her little head?
• Sly sweetheart.
Who let me kiss her one sweet night
Beneath the moon's wnite metal light,
And said s' ed ever cling to me
As clings the bark unto the tree?
My betrothed. _
Who left the altar at my side.
Dressed in the trappings of a bride,
Ana said again and yet again
I was the kine of all the men?
My wife.
And now who often calls me down,
Upon ber face a vicious frown.
Ana If to answer her l dare
i.ntvtines her tinkers In my hair? - -
Same girl.
—The Denver Post.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Two members of a British chess club played
a tournament to nee which should be left free
to woo a certain lady. Before the contest was
decided she married a third man.
A female highwayman, described as "of her
culean proportion* and of extraordinary
bravado," is holding the roads between Brus
seis and Antwerp and attacking solitary
houses.
A case that has baffled physicians in New
Jersey is that of Miss Anna Cansonof Lower
Alloway, c small settlement ia Salem County.
N. J. Her affliction Is with her eyes. While she
sees all objects readily and clearly, in taking
ut> reading matter of any kind the letters be
come inverted.
Some one asked Max Xordau to define the
difference between genius and insanity.
"Well," said the author of 'Degeneration,' "the
lunatic is, at least, sure of his board and
clothes. "
General Schoneld and his wife are pausing
the winter in one of the Ponce de Leon cot
tages at St. Augustine. The general has a
book of army experiences and recollections
on tne stocks.
In deference to orders received from the
Colonial Department in London, ex-King
PremDeh of Ashantee and his family have
been removed from Elmina Castle, where they
had been confined since their arrival from
Coomassie, to Sierra Leone. It is expected
that the dusky potentate will eventually be
transferred to the island of St. Helena.
Paris streets are constantly being renamed
after persons recently dead. Among me names
given this year are those of Mme. Furtado-
Heine, Jules Simon, Arsene Houssaye, Victor
Durny and Ambrose Thomas.
A prisoner of the Stiliwater (Minn.) peni
tentiary who ran away while on parole in
1895 has written the Warden a letter, asking
if he may return. Transportation has been
sent him and he is returning alone to serve
the remaining seven years of his term.
Ibsen and Tolstoi having begun to pall on
the Parisian pubiic, translators have brought
forward a more northern and even more real
istic literature from Lapland and Finland, the
chief exponents of which are two nevelists
named I'aivarinta and Runcherg.
The late Henry O. Houghton, the publisher,
said that when in England he was asked
where he lived. "Near Boston," he replied.
"Ah! you probably know some iriends of mine
who live near Boston." "Where do they live?"
"In Atlanta," was the reply.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Won't you take this seat?" said the gentle
mau in the car, rising and lifting his hat.
"No, thank you," said the girl with the
skates over her arm; "I've been skating, and
I'm. tired sitting down."— Yonkera Statesman.
Hicks— Tn at young fellow says he is a col
lege graduate, but I don't believe it.
Dicks— Why not?
Hicks— Oh, I tried him last night, and he
didn't know the first thing about poker.—
Somcrville Journal.
Clara— Yes, there isn't any doubt in my
mind that George Fowler is blindly in love
with you.
Winnie (blushing)— Why?
Clara— He told me yesterday that he didn't
think you looked a bit over 30.— Cleveland
Leader.
Neighbor's Pretty Daughter— How xnucn is
this a yard?
Draper's Son (desperate "spoons" on her)—
Only one kiss.
Neighbor's Pretty Daughter— lf it's so cheap
I will take tnree yards, and grandma will pay
you.— Dublin World.
"I see in a recent book where the idea is put
forth that mankind gang Defore it talked.
What do you think of it?"
"Don't know, but there is a fellow on our
block who is going to sing just before he dies,
some time, unless he quits howling popular
songs."— Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
■ anew to-pat. ~
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-
liver Oil prepared as a food.
At the same time, it is a
blood maker, a nerve tonic
and an up-builder. But
principally it is a food for
tired and weak digestions;
for those who are not getting
the fat they should from
their ordinary food for chil-
dren whom nothing seems
to nourish; for all who are
fat-starved and thin.
It is pleasant to take; at
least, it is not unpleasant.
Children like it and ask for
more.
Some druggists h«ve ■ u Ju»t ii .good " kind. Isn't
the kind «11 other* try to equal good enough for you to
buy?
ARBITRATION WiTH ENGLAND
OtFR Actual Experience With Efropean
Umpires.
Army and Navy Journal.
We observe that Ex-Senator Edmunds says:
••The third and last objection to the ai bi tra
tiOQ treaty I have heard is the supposed dan
ger of leaving it to any European power to
name an umpire in certain contingencies. It
is enough to say that, so far as our consider
able experience has gone in such matters,
we have never had occasion to complain of the
action of auy sovereign in naming an umpire
or in deciding a dispute."
Mr. Edmunds' recollections are certainly
very much at fault in thi9 case. We had the
most righteous reasons for objecting in the
case of the selection of the third Commissioner
to determine the fisheries dispute. By the
twenty-third article of the treaty of Washing
ton it was agreed that the question as to the
amount of money to be paid by the United
States for the alleged excess in value of what
they received over what they gave should be
referred to Commissioners, one to be named
by eacn party, and the third by tne President
and the Queen conjointly.
li was further agreed that if the choice of
the third Commissioner was not made in three
months he should be named by the Austrian
Minister in London. Earl Granville insisted
that the choice should be referred to the Min
ister of the United States and the Minister of
England at the Hague to see if they could not
agree upon "some Dutch gentleman " This
was a clear departure from the treaty and
would, as Mr. Fish allowed, require the con
clusion of a new treaty in constiu t onai fom
before the proposition could be assented to
by the United States. He added that "it is
deeply to be regretted that her Majesty's Gov
ernment has made no effort to comply with
that provision of the twenty-third article of
the treaty, whereby it was agreed that the
third Commissioner should be named by the
President of the United States and her Britan
nic Majesty conjointly."
By this subterfuge, for it can be called noth'
ing else, Great Britain threw over the selection
of the Commissioner to the end of the three
months, and then insisted that the Austrian
Minister should select him. He selected Mr.
Delfosse, the Belgian Minister at Washington,
the representative of a kingdom owing ita
origin to the armed interposition of Great
Britain, and its continuauce to ber friendship
and favor; a kingdom ruled over until within
a few years of that time by Leopold, the uncle
of Queen Victoria, the father of her husband,
Prince Albert, the son-in-law of the Prince
Regent of England, and a marshal in the
British army. King Leopold was in the yearly
receipt of $250,000 from the British ex
chequer, and was naturally on the most
affectionate terms with the Queen of England
and was her confidential auviser.
This selection threw two of the three arbi
trators into the hands of England. Such was
the "impartial" tribunal to which was re
ferred the fisheries question. As a result we
were obliged to pay in money or remitted du
ties $9,700,000 for fishery rights that belonged
to us already, and whicn were not in any case
worth over $1,500,000, estimating mackerel
at the extravajan' price of $10 a barrel. As a
matter oi fact they were not worth half a mil
lion. Mr. Edmunds must be familliar with,
these facts. How can he, in view of them,
say: "We have never had occasion to com.
plain of the action of any sovereign in nam«
ing an umpire or in deciding a dispute."
In view of past experience are we not quite
right in objecting to the selection in advance
of a minor European sovereign as an arbi.
trator between us and Great Britain concern
ing we know not what? If we will put our
Heads into the lion's mouth in this lashion v,q
deserve to be bitten.
Letters From the People.
CUBA AND THE CUBANS*
The Standard of Intelligence Higher on
the Jtland Than in Spain.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear tin: In view
of recent events the following may be inter
esting:
The Cubans who are fighting are not "mostly
half-breeds." The population of Cuba is 1,000,
--000. of which 65 per cent are white and 33
per cent colored and Chinese (Gaceta Official
deHabana, 1890). The island is divided into
six provinces, viz.: Habaua. Matanzas, Plnar.
del Rio, Santa Clara, Puerto Principe and San
tiago de Cuba. At the head of each province
is a -Gobernador civil," appointed by the
Spanish crown and subordinate to the Uov
ernor-General, who is the Viceroy. Each of.
the provinces sends two Senators to the Span*
ish Cortes, who are elected under manipula
tions of the royal rulers, who take good cara
to return only desirable parties. The Univer
sity of llnba.ua and the Royal Economic Soci
ety each elect an additional Senator. Cuba
as Cuba, has no real representation in the
Cortes.
As between the oppressor ami the oppressed
the factors of intelligence stand thus: In
Cuba 35.11 percent whites and 12.28 percent
half-breeds can read and write, while in Spain
I the ratio of adults to total population unable
I to write is 72 per cont.
Cubes' autonomy is far from being ridicu
lous. Some of the brightest men in Spain, sucb,
as Castelar and Morel, advocate it.
F. M. Close.
San Francisco, February 12, 1897.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
• — • — . . . . .
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business bouses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
• — * — •
"Papa, why do historians call Louis XIV
Louis the Magnificent?"
"Because they hadn't heard of Mrs. Bradley
j Martin."— Chicago Record.
" The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Pacific Is the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, San Francisco.
"Mrs. WJmlow'i Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teeming with per
fect success. H soothes tbeohlld, softens in egumsj
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates toe Bowel*
en is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris-
Ing Irom teething or other causes, *or sale by dm™
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and ask
lor Mrs. Wlnaiow's toothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
t t »
Coaoif ado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry ioft
and mild, being entirely free from the mlsu com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam*
ship. including fifteen days' board at Uie .Hotel do|
Coronado, 965; longer stay 92 BO per day. Apply
4 Mew Montgomery su. San Francisco.
AVer's Hair Vigor is the best preparation
which can be obtained for removing dandruff and
curing humors of the scalp.
Teacher— What animal attaches himself to
man the most?
Johnny Thickhcd — The— er— er — bulldog,
ma'am.— Puck.
NEW TO-pAT.
~
The makers of
baking powders
have been so busy
telling about the
purity and leaven-
ing strength of their
goods that they
have generally for-
gotten to put the
purity and strength
in at the same time.
"Trophy" ought to
win the field easy.
« Tillmann & Bendel, Mfr*.
Signature Is printed la - A Q
BLUE diagonally : . * ff^
across the >"»^ ; ; jJ*U
outsidp f I r^T^
wrapper . 'yl nf\ yr^
\J\ / of every
\Y / bottle of
P- / (the Original
J JjJ y and Genuine)
/ \Si/ (Worcestershire
SAUCE
Am a further protection against '
fill imitations
', ,£ Agents for the United State*,
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS; N/Y-MONDAY FEBRUARY 15,1397
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkateb —"My Lord and Some La-
"dies."
'Camfoesia Thkatkr.— "Cinderella."
• Coi-rMRiA Thkatkr -•Chlnimie Pad den. •
Mokosco a OrKBA-HorsK.— Oat in the Stress"
• Ai-cazabTdkatkb. "A Scrap of Paper."
Tjvou Opkba iiousiw— "Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp.
Orvh tiM.- High-Class Vaudeville.
SuTKoBATHs-Bathingand I erformances.
t, Th ? Chutes AND SKATINO Rink— Daily at
Haight street, one block east of the Par*.
. uku.ni; Hack Track.— Races to-day.
- • AUCTION tALhS.
■■ By innaxa Auction- Co.-Thisday. February
15. Pissolution «ale, at 1057 Market, st at 11
o'clock. *
By F. J. Barth.— February 16, Bam-
..boo G«ods. at 908 Larkia si., at 2 and 7:30 V. m.
ByJ. H. Lkutholtz.— February 6.
Groceries, etc., at 1234-36 Paelflc st., at 11 o'clock.
Iv Yon Rhkin & Co.-Thursday, February 25,
Peal *r 8 , tate « at Salesroom, 513 California street
at 12 o'clock.
B^ -Maimson- & BrsKß— Wednesday. February
-i. Heal Estate, at Salesroom, 6:26 .Market street.
at 12 clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The teams for the coming international tug
of war tournament have been selected.
The truck team of Fire Company No. 25 beat
ttie engine team of the same company at base
ball.
• The Cuban League is still growing and the
local organization will probably be perfected
this week.
Partly cloudy Monday with occasional
sprinkles of rain. — Local Forecast official
Hnmnion.
James J. Coibett, champion pugilist of »he
world, received a flattering ovation yesterday
at the Chutes.
Rev. A. .1. Wel.s preached last night on the
.subject, "The New Woman of Tennyson's Day
«nd Our 0 a."
3 San Francisco socialists will celebrate the
anniversary of the rising cf the Paris com
•jnune Maryh 14.
The marksmen of the First and Fifth regi
•nienis are preparing for the lUO-uien team
'match lor a trophy.
Mrs. 11. 5. Uliie spoke on the "Bible and
Spiritualism," before the Society of Progres
sive Spiritualists, last evening.
•' A laree number of the Chinese arrested Sat
urday night during the raid by the police
were leased on bail yesterday.
At the San Francisco handball court yester
day .1 F. Bonnet and E. Malouey defeated
K. Liiielian and M. J. Kilgallon.
, Miss Margaret Craven returned to Pan Fran
cisco yesterday after a pleasant journey of
. three months to Italy and Egypt.
The lighters who will meet at Woodward's
Pavilion on the evening oi" Washington's birth
day are petting into fine condition.
• D. y-. F.fimes of Santa Cruz was struck by a
Httight-street car on Market street last even
ing and sustained painiul injuries.
At Incleside yesterday Fireman won the all
eged course: at Sacramento Pansy and Recep
tion were the winners of the two runs.
• A large number of riflemen were at the
Sheh Mound rifle range yesterday, but owing
to the falling mists the snooting" was not up
to the average.
■There was a trial shoot yesterday at the
Olympic i.iaa Club's picturesque new grounds
at Ir.g:e*ide, the first live bird grounds on this
-side of the bay.
The Trebelli concert at the California last
. night attracted a fair house. The gifted so
.prano sung the palacca from "Mignon"'and
received an ovation.
• The St. Patrick's convention was in session
yesterday, and it was decided to have a grand
demonstration at the Mechanic's Pavilion on
, the.night of March 17.
Twenty thousand dollars was raised by the
enthusiastic congregation of St. Luke's Church
yesterday morning. It will be used for the
build ins: of a new church.
Charles Burke, a sailor, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging him with burg
lary, in breaking into the saloon oi August
Anderson, 24 Howard street.
D. O. Mills, the New York millionaire, who
"owns Mills building in this City and a
country home at Mi librae, arrived here yester
.day and will remain until April 1.
The Marble Cutters' and Finishers' Associa
tion has much fault to and with the character
of work being done upon the new interior
marble walls in the City Hall tower.
Superintendent Ready of the Almshouse and
ex-Supervisor Wagner, recently appointed to
the inspectorship of the dependent poor, both
contend that the creation of that office was a
necessity.
The labor convention was in session all of
yesterday afternoon, and the forty delegates
present discussed pending labor legislation,
and decided to hold a rousing mass-meeting in
thp near future to urge the passage of bills
during the present session of the Legislature.
At a meeting of the Labor Exchange yester
day resolutions were Dassed calling attention
of the Mayor and Supervisors to the new
financial system, asking them to study it up
to the end that public improvements may be
Inaugurated without creating interest-bear
ing debts.
STRUCK BY A CAR.
."D. B. lames of Santa Cruz Injured on
Market Street.
. D. B. Eame3 of Banta Cruz was struck
' by a Haisht-street car at 7:45 last evening
and sustained injuries which may prove
very serious.
tames had been in town but a day or
.two. He was a member of the Iheo
eophicßl Bociety and was in the City for
the purpose of attending the meetinir at
• Odd Fellows' Hall last evening. Just
.before starting for the meeting he crossed
.the street from his lodging-bouse at 1037
Market street to mail a letter. On hit re
turn he stepped in front of Haight-?treet
car 157, ana before Motornian Fox cjuld
stop tbe car he was under the fender.
Eames, who is "ii years of age, was badly
bruised and suffered much pain. Owing
to the pain Drs. W. W. Gam Die, J. A. An
derson. Berry and Coffee, who were called
in, made only a superficial examination,
from which they concluded that no bones
.were broken. What internal injuries
there may be could not be ascertained.
Valentine Wolf in Prison.
i Sergeant Duncan returned from Fresno yes-
afternoon Witt Va.entlne Wolf, who is
Tnarged- wita receiving money under false pre
tenses by Inducing a Front-street merchant
named Pittzer to indorse a draft upon the Cal
ifornia Bank for $150.
Wolf had been arrestfd in Los Angeles upon
a- warrant issued irom Fresno for some shady
transaction, and at me same time there wai a
•warrant In the hands ol the poiice of this City
for the charge stated.
xw TO-DAT:
HAIR
HUMORS
Itching, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
-and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with Cuticdea Soap,
and occasional dressings of CuTictrsA, purest of
' emollients, the greatest skin cures.
(uticura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else falls.
V,*o'd thnvnchnuf the world. FottmDkcOaxd Cat*.
■M>ir..S6le Prop., Boston.
• . •*" •• How to produce Luxuriant Hair," mailed free. :
SKIMQ fIM CIDC with Eczema inttantlj reliered
OMilO UN Tint by CUTICOSA KIXXDIKS.
fiT Collins* Toltale Electric Plasters
'** ■ reliere weak backs, painful kid-
AUAP neys, uterine pains, sore lungs,
UriOC muscular pains, and rheumatism. ■
WERE IN COMPANY
OFF CAPE HORN
i Nordlyset and the Black
braes Had a Hard
Time of It.
I Che Put Into Port in Distress
and the Other Had H r
Cargo Heated.
Arrival cf tha Mail Company's City
of Para From Panama and
Way Ports.
1
The Norwegian bark Nordlyset and the
J British ship Blackbraes, now in port, had
I a bard time of it on the way here from
I Europe. The latter had tv out into a South
American rort and discharge part of her
cargo, while Nordlyset was in a num
ber of storms and had several narrow
escapes. Off the Horn the two vessels
! were in company and the accompanying
sketch was made from a description fur
nished by Captain K. P. Olsen of
Nordlyset, showing his vessel speaking
the Blackbraes.
A smarter or prettier vessel than
Nordlyset never came into port. She was
as trim as a yacht before the work of dis
[ charging coal began and even now the
] captain's cabin looks more liuo a drawing
! room than a master's quarters aboard a
regular trader.
Nordlyoet is just six years old and
j this is her second trip to San Francisco.
; The last time she was here she loaded
! wheat for Manchester and was one of the
| Brat vessels that unloaded above the
j bridges. From Manchester Nordlyset
went to Ardrossan, on the Firth of Clyde,
and there loaded coal for 6nn Francisco.
When IS7 days out the Blackbraes was
sighted, but at that time me ship was
not thought to be in danger. Later on,
however, she had to put into Montevideo
ana discharge part of her cargo.
NorJlyset has not always been as
fortunate as she was on this voyage. Two
years ago her coal cargo caught lire and
nearly 2UO tons of it had to be thrown
overboard before the vessel was out of
danger. During the trip just ended the
cargo heated, but Captain Olsen was able
to use the ventilators in such a manner
as to obviate all risk of the coal bursting
i into Dime. Nordlyset belongs to the
sine company that owns the Breideblik,
Viidanden and other well-known traders
, to fcan Francisco.
Captain K. F. Olsen will be remembered
j as me ma>ter of thtt ship Gerda that was
j wrecked on Sable Island. "We had a ter
| rible time of it," said the skipper yester
! day. "I knew we were off the coast of
I Nova Scotia, but just where I could not
j tell until Bable Island loomed up before
j us. A few minutes later we struct. Su- j
j perintendent Butelier of the life-saving j
; station was on watch all night and the
next morning he had the live-saving ap
paratus in working order and we were
i taken off. The Gerda went to pieces, but
I we were saved antf in consequence there is
not a sailor who was on tne vesso! but
who has a warm spot in his bosom for the
life-saving men."
Nordlyset is not chartered and the
chances are that as soon as she finishes
discharging at Beale street she will go to
Oakland Creek and will there lay up until
the new wheat crop comes in.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Para
got in from Panama ana way ports yester
day. "There is no change in the situation
in San Salvador, Guatemala, or Nicar
agua." sad the purser of the steamer yes
terday. '"The people are too busy to fake
any interest in politics just now. Toe
coffee season is in full blast, and as it is
unusually heavy there are not enough
men to harvest it. In ban Salvador there
ara no laborers, and the overflow Chinese
and Japanese in San Francisco would be a
godsend down there at the present time.
The crop 13 a particularly good one, and
the City of Para is almost entireiy loaded
with the stuff."
G. M. Hersey, general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association lor
the New England States, was a passenger.
He was landed early in the day and at
once went to Y. M. C. A. headquarters.
He is here in tne interest of the Christian
Kndeavor Convention and will make all
the necessary arrangements for the com
fort of tne delegates that will come from
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massa
chusetts, Connecicut and Rhode Island.
The City of Para has over 1700 tons of
cargo in her hoid and the bulk of it is
coffee convened to the Eastern markets.
The landinc-float at Folsom-street wharf
is in a dangerousccndilion end the sooner
vis repaired the better. During the last
storm the swinging steps broke away
irorn the wharf, and now whenever any
man or woman has to use the landing
they have to make a break-neck jump to
the ladder or clamber up on hands and
knees to the wharf in order to make con
nection.
WITH OUR PLAYERS.
There Are Many Attractions on the Bills
of the Theaters for This
Evening.
"My Lord and Some Ladies," a play founded
on English history as given by Scribe, will be
presented at the Baldwin Theater this evening
Dy Louis James with the company that has
supported him during the past week" It Is said
to be strikingly interesting.
By request Louis James will appear for one
performance In his magnificent impersonation
ol .Brutus in " Julius Caesar" next Saturday
evening. Ihe repertoire for Mr. James' re
maining week is: Tuesday and Friday nights
and baturday matinee, "My Lord and Some
Ladies ;\S •'Hamlet.' 1 SUnday ' "Othello":
Thursday, "Hamlet."
"Chlmmle Fadden" is to be continued at the
Columbia Theater with Charles Hopper In the
title role. The play has many points in it that
make "popular with the theater-goers, as is
evinced by tne large audiences that witnessed
its production during the past week. VBaou
"Our Little Cinderella" Is wh at is on the
programme of the California Theater for this
evening. It Is to be presented by juveniles
who are said to be very clever. There are
promised a great many spectacular effects dur
ing the evening. _ ur
Palgrave and Simpson's popular comedy "A
Scrap or Paper," which was such a great suc
cess when presented by the Kendals in thU
City, is to be offered at the Alcazar to-nieht
Beatrice L'eb will take tha part of Suzanne'
and Hugo Toland Is to appear as Couramont.'
Another strlKing .sensation is to be offered at
the Grand Opera-house this evening. it l*
••Out in the reets," In which the hero has an
opportunity to accomplish numerous feats of
darincr. Many extraordinary mechanical ef
fects will be presented.
AttheTivoli Opera-house a new edition of
"Aladdin; or, The Wonderful Lamp" is to be
presented. A number of new features have
been Introduced, among them "The Six Little
Tailors" and the "Dance of the Electric
Flowers." .'
There are a number of changes on the bill to
be presented at the Orpbeum to-night. One of
the novelties is a grand-opera quartet — Guille
Abramoff, Miss Dora Busch and Miss Julia
Cottc who will give selections from the
operas. The tank swimmers are to appear.
An Excellent Picture by Taber.
The illustration which appeared In yester
day's issue of The Call of the Judges 01 the
Supreme Court was from a photograph taken
uy Taber, the excellence of which came in for
no small share of praise.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
The Norwegian Bark Nordlyset and the British Ship Blackbraes Speaking Each Other Off Cape
Horn. The Nordlyset Saved Her Credit by Making a Smart Run of Seventeen Days
From 50 to 50.
WAGNER THIS
IT'S A GOOD THING
He and Reddy Talk About
" Inspecting the De
pendent Poor."
They Reply to Recent Criticisms
and Explain the Brand"
New 0 fice.
Say the Board of Health Sought to
Effect a Saving in the Aims-
House Management.
T'e recent appointment of ex-Supervi
sor Edward L. Wagner to the newly cre
ated office of Inspector of the Dependent
Poor at the City Almshouse has aroused
a good deal of comment, adverse and oth
erwise, since it became publicly known,
and many people Lave been asking the
question, "What is an Inspector of the
Dependent Poor, and what are his du
ties?"
The political opponents of the ex-Super
visor have asserted that the creation of
this office was not prompted by necessity,
but rather was designed tor the particular
benelit of Mr. Wagner, as a reward lor his
past services on behalf of the Board of
Health. These allegations are wholly
E. L. Wagner, the New Inspector
of the Dependent Poor.
denied by SuDenntendent Reddy of
the Alrushouse and by Mr. Wagner
uimseif, who Doth state emphatically
that the office has been rendered necessary
by the continual increase in the number
of the Alms ho use inmate?, many of whom,
it is suspected, are not justly entitled to
live at the expense of the city. To this
category belong military pensioners, luna
tics and alt those who have relatives and
freinds well ab e to contribute partially if
not entirely to their support.
It will be the duty of the inspector to
determine as to the eligibleness of all ap
plicants for admission and in this way, it
is argued in defense of the appointment,
a great saving ia likely to b» effected In
the administration of the affairs of the in
stitution.
"1 know very little about Mr. Wagner
myself," said Superintendent Reddy yes
terday. "He was sent here by the Board
of Health and he seems to me a very able,
energetic and honorable man. It is
claimed that he belonged to the Solid
Seven in the last Board of Supervisors.
All I know is that he was one ot the few
Democrats elected, and that being so I
fail to see where be got his pull, if it is
true that be made such a good thing out
of bis position I can't see why he should
desire an office of this kind.
"1 can state with regard to the office
itself that it is by no means a sinecure.
We nave 042 inmates at the present mo
ment, and the heads of the various de
partments have enough to do to look after
them in the ordinary sense of the term.
Mr. Wagner's duty is to investigate the
antecedents and circumstances of new
comers, and particularly whether they
have any relatives able to take care of
them. Neither the Mayor nor his clerk
Uas time to attend to these matters, and
something must be done to check the in
crease in the number of inmates. We
have nothing to say against the admission
of those who are really deserving, but
there is no reason why the City should
support impostor"'.
"The Board of Health considered that the
creation of an office of this kind would
eventually result in a saving to tbe city.
Neither my cierK nor I have time to run
down town continually to institute the
necessary investigations. Mr. Wagner
has been in constant attendance ever since
his appointment and is likely to prove a
valuable acquisition to the staff.
"Anybody at all familiar with the sub
ject must know how rediculous it is to
suppose that lam responsible for the at -
pointment. I merely obey the instruc
tions of the board and did so in this case.
The board appoints everybody from my
self downwards, and it is, therefore, ab
surd to say that either Dr. Morse or Dr.
Hart urged me to appoint Wagner. As to
the Jatter's predecessor in oflice, Mr.
Boyle, I certainly discharged him because
j saw fit to do so. but was not then aware
that Mr. Wagner would be his successor."
Mr. Wagner also had something to say
regarding the much-discussed appoint
ment and the alleged causes thereof.
"It is not true," tie said, "that my cast
ing vote gave the $30,000 appropriation to
the Board of Healt , because there were
more than seven votes in favor of it,
Furthermore, the appropriation was given
in good faith, and might even have boen
greater than it was with advanta c. The
board has done its duty in protecting the
lives and the health of our citizens, and
in my opinion at least double the amount
should have been given to it There ought
to be four ambulances instead of two, and
the scope of the board's activity should
not stop short at tue inspection of the
milk supply, but should extend to all de
partments of food production.
"The position of Inspector of the De
pendent Poor is a real necessity. It ena
bles us to discover the relatives of the un
fortnnaie inmates, and in cas* of death
preserves many of them irom a pauper's
crave; by which means a great deal of
money can be saved.
"Then, too. if there are people out there
living at the expense cf the (jovernment
as pensioners.the fact should be known and
they should be expelled from the Alms
nouse. Insane persons", also, belong prop
erly to the asylums, which the city helps
to support. My duty as Inspector also ex
tends to the supervision of the wards, and
to seeing that the rules providing for the
comfort of the inmates are adhered to. I
have attended to these duties from 8 to 5
o'clock ever aince my appointment, and
any statement alleging otherwise is un
true. The appointment was made by the
Board of Health, and Superintendent
Reddy had nothing to dc with it. The
recommendation came from Dr. Hart and
Dr. Morse, those gentlemen, no doubt,
consinering that I wasquaiitied to fill such
a position, while as a Democrat it was
only natural that the. board— other things
being equal — should favor that recommen
dation.
IDLE OHEISTIANS.
ReT, Dr. Spalding Asks "Why Spend
Ye AH the Way Idle?"
The Rev. Dr. Spalding, rector of St.
John's Church, preached last night about
idle Christians. The gospel for the day,
''The vineyard and the laborers," sug
gested the theme. The text was, "Why
stand ye here all the day idle?" The
doctor stated that in one sense no one
could accuse our people of idleness. All
around us is the hum of busy life. But
worldly industry and Christian idleness
may go hand in hand. "Is it so with any
of us?" Merely earthly aims he said end
with the grave. The stiffening fingers
cannot draw a check upon the million* it
once controlled. But death cannot close
work for God. For the salvation of our
souls and the souls of others we must
weed out the vineyards of our lives. Bo
assured some enemy has sown tares in
each of our lives.
PATRIOTS WILL BANQUET.
Son* of the American Revolution Pre
paring to Celebrate
The Sons of the American Revolution
will celebrate Washington's birthday by
giving a grand banquet and literary feast
at the Occidental Hotel on the evening of
February 22.
The exercises will be literary and musi
cal and efforts will be made to secure
some of the best speakers in the City.
The order consists wholly of descendants
of the forefathers who fought for Ameri
can freedom, and the affair will be one of
the mo«t patriotic and elaborate seen in
this City in many years.
NEW TO-DAY.
AN OLD MAN'S VIGOR.
It Is Liable to Decline in Some Respects, but Can Be
Replaced by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
j£''^ : -'&gjA£'*"-t±L Men between the ages of 40 and 60 fre-
jS^wlwWSi quently find themselves lacking in the
M? l^&tt*. J^&fL. *//gi most essential clement of manly power.
Hu(4^ • ' Excesses in «arly life bring their train of
P^^£, ( , --'■^T^B evils, and sometimes all power is lost in
BFjSfegrf A ' J^j| | ]'-' _^^^^PC\^ the vital Unctions while other parts of the
body are still vigorous. In such cases
*^^^^flfiftsJijfc^_^J_ Dr. Sunden's Electric Belt is valuable.
' %'IWS I VJ7ir.il-' Electricity coursing from the nerve cen-
ters through A ) 'he body and saturating the weakened parts brings back
the old vigor. '$*¥$ n ma^ es an old man forget his advancing years and arouses
all the dormant ~^%f?s?- s P^ rlts of manly strength that have been slumbering in him
iffijjf CURED at SEVENTY.
_ D c Los anceles, Cal., December 24, 1896.
. . UK. A. 1. SANDKX— Dear Sir: A few months ago I bought one of your belts tor general de-
bility which affected all my vital organs. I had tried other belts, but found In yours the re-
lief I hud long been seeking. 1 am nearly 70 years of age, and like many other men have
burned the candle at both end?, and up to a short time ago suffered the consequences. lam
proud to say your belt has cured me after the failure of nil other remedies. Among ona of the
worst features of my troubles was constipation, but by the use of your belt my bowels are
again normal; also my stomach. My sexual power has returned and 1 feel liKe a new man In
every respect. The above is but poor praise to express my gratitude to you and your Belt for
the good you have done. I will be pleased at any time to interview those who may wish to in-
quire what your treatment has done lor me, and remain, your* very truly,
JESSE M. SMITH, E street, Pico Heights.
IT IS AN INVIGORATOR.
For young men, middle-aged men, as well as old men, the life-giving power gen-
erated by this wonderful Belt is the grandest of ail benefits. To feel the life blood
flowing through your veins once more, to knon that years have not brought declining
power, to know that the hands on the dial of life nave been turned back a score of
years! Wiiat a precious thought 1 Man, if you appreciate but the half that this
famous Belt has done no man would longer endure the lacK of the power of manhood.
Read Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men." It is worth $100 to any weak men.
Sent, sealed, free by mail. Or better, call and consult Dr. Sanden.
JS-A-IXTTDIErKr BLiEOTRIO CO..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8 p. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Angelas Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland. Or.. 233 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 033 Sixteenth street.
t :>ol.fc..— ikUitt so miaUlce la Uit>auuil/er— 332 Market street.
KNIGHTS WILL
HONOR THE DAY
Saint Patrick Will Be
Remembered on the
Seventeenth.
The Convention of Irish Societies
Takes Active Steps to
Celebrate.
Music, Oratory and a Ball Will Be
Striking Features of the
Day.
The St. Patrick's day convention at
Knigut'Bof Red Brancti Hall yesterday
afternoon was largely attended and con
siderable progress was made in perfecting
arrangements for a grand celebration on
the 17th of March.
The committee on music, speaking and
literary exercises jeiorted progress,
though the oroter of the day has not yet
been selected. He will be chosen, how
ever, before next Sunday.
The general committee of arrangements
for the events of the day has been chosen
from all of the representative Irisu socie
ties of San Francisco. The snb-commit
tee delegated to secure a hall reported
that it had secured the Mechanics' Pavil
ion for the main concert ana Metropolitan
Temple for ttie literary exercises. The
committee adjourned until Wednesday
nient.
It was dcci led to make all of the officers
of the convention ex-cfficio members of
the committee of arrangements that will
have in charge the promenade concert and
ball at the Pavilion and the literary exer
cises at Meiropolitan Temple.
Misses Kate and Fannie Black appeared
during the convention and entertained
the members for some time with songs
and recitations and Patrick Nichols re
cited an Irish patriotic poem.
Speeches were made by a number of
delegates and all favored making the
demonstration this year greater than
heretofore. All of the local Irish societies
are working for the success of the move
ment, and the convention will be in ses
sion at Knights of the Red Branch Hall
again on next Sunday at 2 p. M.
THE TRUCK COMPANY WON.
Baseball Between Rival Teams of Fire
Company No. 25.
A lively game of baseball on sloppy
ground was played yesterday afternoon at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets between
truck and engine teams of Fire Company
No. 23, on Foisom street, between Twenty
first and Twenty-second streets. The play
ers of the engine team were Finn, Swan
son, Radford, Newell, Morrison. Nichols,
Quinn, Allen and Barrett, and of the truck
team Fine, Gillespie, Hopkins, Bagley,
Bannon, Woods, O'Connor, Dugan and
Wright. The truck team won by the fol
lowing score: Engine company — 17 runs,
12 hits, 13 errors. Truck company 28
runs, 8 hits, 23 errors.
Consumption is more prevalent in Ire
land than in either England or Wales.
THE CUBAN LEAGUE
IS GROWING FAST
Letters Come In and Com
mitteemen Are Added
Each Day.
A Los Angeles Sympathizer
Tells of Interest in the
South.
The Local Organizatkn Will Probably
Be Perfected in Every Detail
This Week.
The committee of organization of the
Cuban League will go forth to-day to add
new names to its lists and perfect the local
society. The progress of the. past week
has been great and it is believed that an
other week will add hundreds of names to
the roll. •• -
"We have received a ereat many new
names for the roll during the past two
days," said Secretary Faust Mascherini
yesterday, "and we have had many offers
of aid from farmers, mechanics and the
public at large."
The following letter is a sample of the
way the movement strikes the people of
the State:
Los Angeles, Feb. 12.
To Mascherini and Jones, Cuban League—
tlemen; I nave been greatly interested in
The Call's accounts of your meetings and
plans, first called to my attention by an edi
torial in the Herald here, commending Thk
Call and your league.
You may write nic down as one in full sym
pathy with the movement in every way. I
stand ready to give reasonable financial aiu
and to do everything in my power, within the
limits of the law. We often bear flippant,
light-headed people speak disparagingly of
Cuba's cause and call the Cubans half Indians
or savages; but it strikes me that a people
who have already begun to sow the seeds of
liberty are a lorg distance from barbarism,
and their appeal ought to be heard and re
sponded to by the masses in this country. Re
spectfully, - John W. Wilson.
Major W. Fahey of the Cosmopolitan
Hotel called yesterday and agreed to serve
the committee in any lawful way. Speak
ing of the struggle of the Cubans he said:
"Certainly it seems to me every Irish
patriot must sympathize with Cuba in her
great battle for freedom. No matter how
bumble or ignorant the Cubans may be,
they know enough to despise slavery and
crave for liberty, and they ought to be en
couraged."
When the local league is fully organ
ized along the lines of the New York or
der it will act in conjunction with the
National League, and it is proposed to
have something like a concerted move
ment in whatever is done throughout the
Nation.
The Grand Army of the Republic at
Oakland. has taken action and passed reso
lutions of sympathy with Cuba, and runny
members 01 the City posts have expressed
themselves in the same way. It ii hoped
that the Pioneers and other societies will
: take similar action.
TREBELLI'S VOICE AGAIN.
Oace More Its Beauty Charmed
Over a Thousand
Hearers.
The Gifted Soprano Gave a Splendid
Rendering of thi Palacca
From "Mignoa."
The programme presented at the Cali
fornia Theater last night was in every re
spect admirably selected, and appealed
both to the cultivated ear of the trained
musician and to the general public ignor
ant of technical terms.
Mile. Trebelli's popularity and claim to
distinction as a soprano vocalist of the
foremost rank were more than confirmed
in the estimation of her hearers, and if
any doubt lingered in the miuds of the
latter during tiie earlier part of ttie even
ing her exquisitely finished renderine of
the difficult palacca from Thomas' "Mig
non" must have dispelled it.
The bigbly romantic aria, "Caro Nome,"
from Verdi's 'Rigoletto," though partic
ularly distinctive in character, is aimost
as florid and difficult as tne palacca, and
was equally well Ming by the diva. In
strone contrast to the foregoing; were her
encore numbers and Particularly so
Bishop's "Love Has Eye?," Grteg'a
"Spring Song" and the ever popular
"Home, Sweet Home," all of which sne
pang to her own accompaniment. The au
dience sustained one disappointment in
her substitution of Bishop's "Bid Me Dis
course" for Massenet's "Alleluia" or "Air
HEW TO.D\T-AMU»£KJENT».
TnirOLATUtiIOOrrLOD* o>- usiUA.nnruuvw«J—
THE LAST
AVERAGE WEEK
ATTENDANCE WAS v
1989 2?EOI?riE
AT EVERY PEKFOKMANCK.
LAST WEEK BEGINS TO-NIGHT.
CHARLES HOPPER «
*€/wrmrif£
i he i.'ne Distinct Novelty of tne Year.
One Month In Chicago.
Five Months In New York.
. Ona Month in Boston.
One Month In Philadelphia.
Original Company, Scenery and Effects.
NEXT MONDAY— INIMITABLE .
FAKTJJY Rica.
DACING! RACING! RACINOI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
WINTER MEETING. 1896-'©7.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'i iiumUay, Friday and baturday.
i Kiln or shine.
*IVK OB MOKI3 RACKS EACH DAY.
Kaoei start at S:IS P. M. Sharp—
Terry Boats If avo fan Francisco at 12 m. aal
13 :3 O. 1 .00, 1 :30. 2 :00, 2 :30 and 2 p. *.. ooaneo
ing ffim trains stopping at, the eutrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
lie turning-Trains leave the Track at 4 ils aai
4:46 p. M.-and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK_ iTe»ld<Mlt.
B. B. MILBOY, Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
. Open Daily From 7 A. a. to 0 I^. JH.
Swimming Sermon 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission-Adults
25c. Children «Oc.
General Admission, lOc; Children, sc.
NEW TO-DAY.
jf The Woman, fJj
! The Man, f
And The Pill, i
<( \ She was a good woman. He |»
]>> loved her. She was his wife. <'[
<5 The pie was good; his wife A 1
_!|) made it; he ate it. But the <(!
. |i> pie disagreed with him, and V
if he disagreed with his wife. Si
]i) Now he takes a pill after pie V
<£ and is happy. So is his wife. l<
|»' The pill he takes is Ayer's. « J
<\\ Moral: Avoid dyspepsia $'
11 by using <][
i| Ayer's 1
I Cathartic Pills.
I
de l'lnfante" from "Le Cid," announced
on the programme. : !.
Her other selections Jast nijrht were a
dainty Swedish polska sons by Danstrom;
Victor Masses chanson, "Petite Abeille,"
from "La Reinc Topaze," a charming
melody, ana a Scotch gong which needs
no introduction, "I'm Ower Young to
Marry Yet," which was sung with attrac
tive vivacity, although the national ac
cent was a trifle beyond her.
Loui Crepaux, the basso, and Arthur
Weiss, the 'ceilist of Messrs. Vert &
Haurwitz's trio of artists, helped to divide
the honors of the evening. Herr Weiss
really played magnificently, anil in Pop
per's delightful gavotte in D, a spinning
song and a Spanish dance by the same
composer, he perfectly exemplified his re
markable command of technique and ex
pression. Chopin's melancholy second
nocturne, Lindner's "Tarantelle" and
Thome's "Simple Aveu," all three re
ceived the same degree of finished inter
pretation at his hands.
M. Crepaux was. perhaps, heard to
the greatest advantage in Hess* melodic,
"Nous Vous Verrons,'' Grieg's "Plus
b'.anche est mon amour," Victor Harris'
"Madrigal," and an ana from Saint-Saens*
"Henry VIII." The first-named pos
sesses a typically original motif, whoso
tender and melancholy sugeestiveness
■was most pleasingly interpreted by the
singer. The "Evocation of the Nuns,"
from "Robert le Diable," loses much of
its distinction wiien deprived of scenic
accessories, and was for that reason
hardly so successful as the balance of the
basso's selections.
MEW XO-DAT.
Some people like apples
better than pears; some
people like Oolong tea
better than English Break-
fast.
So keep on trying all five
flavors of Schillings Best
tea, and get your money
back until you find out
which flavor you like best
A Schilling fit Company
San Francisco fiafi
KEW TO-BAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
4j.H*»m*.v .sea (Incorporated). .fropnaiari
TBE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES.
To-night (Monda.y) Tuesday and Wednesday Evgs.
.'•• anil .Saturday Matinee,
THE BRILLIANT COMEDY.
•'MY LORD AID SOME LADIES."
(First time In San Francisco.)
Wednesday and Sunday ••<> i HELLO"
Thursday ••HAMLET"
Saturday Night (by ltequent.) i
JXJXjIXJS C^SJSAR.
Next Monday JAuES A. iIEKNE
in "SHORE AOKliij."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ai. Haymak & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
BEGINNING 10 NIGHTS
TO-NIGHT 2 natinees
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OUR LITTLE"
CINDERELLA
, . COMPANY.
Introducing a caiaiy of Child Actors and Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENHRY, COSTUMES, EFFECTS.
Price*. '4 5c to SI.OO.
A rood reserved seat on lower floor 60c
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSS
Mus.j;H.\k»n.\i; KBiriyi. Proprietor & Manager
THE H6T~SHOW!
TO-Itf IG-HT
83- AT S
OUR UP-TO-DATE KXIIUVAGAXZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THK WONDERFUL LAMP.
CKR.E\A.T OAST I
Correct Costumes Appropriate Acces-
sories superb sceuury,
The Latest Sensation.
"LaDanse dcs Fleurs Electriques!"
NOVEL SI'KCIALTIE*.
THE SIX LITTLE TAILORS.
r or>wi- : -,- -^ 2Sc • -1-:
. 1
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKK MOBObCO. ..Sola Lessee and Uaa»{».-
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Thrilling Comedy-Drama,
OUT IN THE STREETS!
By B. N. Wood, Author of "Ornbans of New
York" and Oilier Great Successes.
A PLAY FULL OF KXCITJSIIENT !
Slangy New People ! All New Scenery 1
Wonderful River of Fire!
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
JEvenln- Price* — 100. . ,o Anil '»»».:
Matinee* Saturday and Hnnilnr.
ANOTHKR STUPENDOUS BILL!
THE KINNEYs, Champion Swimmers: HAVES,
LVTTON & HAYi-.s, in a "French Marriage":
THK. PANTZERS, Funny Demons; TH£
« FOS, Aerial Artists: the GRaNu
OPKKa UUAUIEETE, Orrr.LK,
Auk am off, M it« COTTZ and Miss
Bush, and Numerous Novelties.
Peserved Scats, 'lie; Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seals, 50c.
Concert* by the Royal Hungarian Court Or-
chestra Immediately alter the evening perform-
ance In the Orpheum Annex. ■ .
AI PA 7 A i T°-NIGHT'
nhUnCinn to-night i
. »AKI>UL°'» JIA.-STKHLV COMEDY.
"A SCRAP OF PAPER
Return to the Stage of All Our Favorites :
HUGO TOLAN D, J. B. POLK and the Entire Co.
A sumptuous Production "in Every Way.
. Prices—lso, 25c, 35c and 1 Ho. -
Telephone for seats—BlacK 991.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BKKSISO, Wire Walker. RO&K AND GAY,
Aerial Acrobats, the AN i.MATosCuPK and
- a Host of Attractions ac Night. - i
ADMISSION 100 CHILDREN 8?
78
ARE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Eastern Star.
At its meeting last Saturday night Mission
Chapter initiated four candidates and received
anumDerof applications. This chapter, which
was recently organized, has been making re
markable progress, which speaks well for the
interest that the officers and members take in
the work. A committee is making arrange
ments for an entertainment to be given on the
2d of March.-
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Ella T. Hall will
start on a tour of visitations on Thursday next,
taking in the southern part of the State.
Harmony Chapter's entertainment Is to be
given on the evening of next Friday.
Ivy Chapter's '97 greeting to its friends will
be given in Golden Gate Hall to-morrow night.
An interesting programme has been prepared,
and after the various numbers shall have been
presented there will be a dance.
The Odd Fellows.
The following-named officers of the general re
lief committee of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows have been elected for the ensuing term of
six months: W. A. S. Nicholson of Golden G»te
Lodge, president: A. J. Doyle of Apollo Lodge,
vice-president: Louis Kragen of Golden Gate
Lodge, treasurer. After the election the members
of the committee sat down to a banquet prepared
under the superintendence of the treasurer, who
acted as toasiruaster and presided in a charming
manner. During the evening Fran-; E. Smith, the
retiring president, was the recipient of a finely
finished banquet lamp and onyx table as a token
from the committee of l.s nppreclation of the
services he had rendered during hi« incumbency.
The presentation speech was by the new president.
Response* to toasts were g.ven by Urand Secre
tary George T. Shaw. H. Jacks, J. L. Geary Jr., L.
L. Kemy, W. a. HofTsin^er, George Walcom, A. J.
Doyle, I. H. Vandebogurt, U. F. Jeffers. S. Kegens
burger, A. H. Nenserand .1. M. Winston.
During the six mouths eudmc with the close of
the year 1896 the committee expended for lelief
and donations the sum of 78337.
Unity Encampment bad .seven candidates before
it last "week, the first in a long lime.
The Veteran Association received a grand wel
come on the occasion of its visit to Apollo Lodge
last, Friday night.
Arrangements are beins made in almost every
part of the Slate for the proper celebration of the
anniversary of the order. The greatest ac.ivity Is,
however, noticed in the southern part of the mate.
The Rebekahs.
A most pleasant enter ainment was that given
recently in Ban Jose by Stella Rebekah Lodge in
aid of the new orphanage to be built in Giiroy.
There was a large attendance and a well arranged
programme was presented. The participants were*
B C. Morgan, Maude Lillian Welch and Miss Ken
nedy. Addresses were delivered by Grand Master
■ " *. ey and Past Grand Master William Henry
Bane*.
The party that was given some time since ny
District Deputy Grand President Mrs. Helene G.
Petersen aud the officers of Division No. sof the
i;>-hpKahs in aid ot the orphanage, netted $138 25.
It was decided to donate $80 of this amount to
the Duildint! tund and reserve the balance to nt up
a room in the building when it shall be finished.
The trustees of tne Orphans' Home have held
several meetings for the purpose of agreeing upon
the specifications for the new home and they will
not advertise for bids until all the preliminaries
are so arranged that there shall be no misunder
standing as to what is desired and bow the wortc
shall be done.
Ancient Order of United Workmen.
Next Saturday Grand Master oikman Vinter
will institute a new lodge in Excelsior I' all, and
he will be assisted by Grand Lodge officers and the
Pacific drill team, i he membership is to be com
posed exclusively of men employed on streetcar
lines-
The grand master workman, the grand recorder
and other grand officers vis. ted ile.-cu'.es Lodge In
Franklin Hull last Friday evening. The visitors
delivered addresses, and a pleasant, interesting
evening was spent.
Golden West Lodge held an open meeting in
Potr>ro Opera-house on Saturday night, when an
int«res- ing programme was presented ana an ad
dress wa3 delivered by the grand master work
man.
There was a large attendance at tb« meeting of
the Past Master Workmen's Association in Al
cazir building last Saturday nlgit in CO; junction
with Harmony Lodge. The principal address of
the evening was delivered by the grand recorder.
Triumph Lodge has developed a great deal of
activity of late and is receiving applications at
every meeting. Memorial and Spar. a. 1 lodges
b-tve also been quite active of late, initiating can
didates at ever/ meeting.
The gran medical examiner had on last Friday
passed ou the two hundred and fiftle: h applica
tion received dur.ng the curren t month.
'■rand Master William Vinter will visit San
Rafael Lodge, at San Rara'l. on the -3d lust, and
will be with Upchurch Lodge in Oakland < a the
following night. On toe 2t>tb, In company with the
Brand recorder, he will visit Burns Lodge in this
ci y.
The grand matter workman vlMtel Oak Leaf
Lodge in Oakianl last .Monday on which occasion
he addressed a public meeting, 1 hi* lodge has
presented to M. Isaacs, its ret. ring master work
man, a handsome past master workman badge.
The most active lodge in tie jurisiiction up to
date is Yosemite of 1- resno, and the indications
are that It will carry off the banner unless some
other lodge in a district where there is plenty of
material will get in and bustle. This lodge has
more than doubled its membership, and during
the present month has conferred the degrees ou
thir:y-six candidates, and has still twenty-eight
applicat oqs on file.
Next Wednesday a new lodge will be Instituted
at Lodi, >au Joaquin County, by the deputy grand
master workman, assisted by Grand Lecturer
Danforth and Spec ai Deputy ilcPherso-i.
brand .Recorder Hirshberg ana Grand Lecturer
Danforth will visit Concord, Contra Costa County,
to institute a lodge organized by Special Deputy C.
H. >ymmes.
The Pacific Drill Team Initiated nine candidates
last Thursday for iremont Lodge of Nor.h Oak
land, and on Friday next will confer the degrees on
a large lass of candidates for .Reliance Lodge at
Alvarado.
s-peciai Deputy Hargreaves, who has been 111 for
some time, has fully covered, and has gone to
BakeisrJeid in the Interest of the order.
Native Sons of the Golden "West.
The officers of Stanford Par.or will to-morrow
night welcome the guests of the parlor in Shasta
Hall. .Native Sons' building, and entertain them.
El Doraao Parlor will give Its twelfth anni
versary ball next Friday night in native Sons'
Hall. The room will be tastefully decorated
and the music and other necessaiv details wilt be
In cord with good laMe, calculated to make the
affair the most enjoyable ev«-r given by this parlor. '
It is a cascarone party that Fremont Parlor will
give In banquet hall. Native Sons' building, on the
evening of the 27th lust. "-. .
Th« officers of Yerba Buena Parlor were in
stalled last Wednesday by Deputy W. D. >hea
They are: C. / . Henry, 1 resident: C. S. Perry. L
G. Bennett and D. Sinter vice-presidents; J. D
A brams, secretary; C. B. Hobson, financial secre
tary: L. J. Aburx, treasurer; H. T. Kourad.
id; rsba'.
To-niKht Grand Orator Frank Mattison will visit
Gold-n Gate Parlor, to-morrow night he will visit
Pacific Parlor and on Wednesday he will be with
Mission Parlor. As these visits have a salutary ef
fect on the parlor officers and a beneficial an 1
stimulating Influence upon the membership, the
grand officers have been requested by the Brand
president to accompany the grand orator ou his
visits.
There in a great deal of activity in the office of
the grand secretary at this tim#, occasioned by the
receiving of the semi-annual returns from the
many parlors 01 the order. From these Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt Is preparing bis annual report
which will be more voluminous than any of the
preceding ones. .
The annual entertainment by Preclta Parlor
win be civen on the •-'sth in»t- »nd that by Hes
perian Parlor will L e on the :!7ih. in Mission Par
lor HalL
Stockton Parlor will Initiate several candidates
this evening. The . parlor has a membership of
263 and $10,534 in Its treasury. memoersm P 0I
■ P. K. Zabala. grand trustee,' has announced the
following visitations lor the week: February 16
lone Parlor: 17, Kxce:sior P.,r.or at Jackson; 18.
Keystone Parlor at Amador city: 19, Amador
Parior, and Plymouth Parlor at Drvtown on the
'.JOth. These are all In Amador Coun y.
Next ednesday Oakland Parlor will initiate five
candidates. Ibe grand officers, W. H. l. Hynes
and J. K. Knowland, deputies for Alarueda aud
all the parlors of Alameda County have been in
vited to be present.
Redwood Par or will give a masquerade ball and
tableaux on the evening of the birth of George
Washington. "
Clilvo Parlor has complete! arrangements for a
carnival and masquerade ball.
Grand President Geslord has appointed W J
Eden, president of Mount Tamal pats Parlor d'er>
uty for Marlu County, vice Thomas P. Body re
signed. "
Native Daughters or the Golden West.
A second meeting for the purpose of securing
additional names to a charter for a new parlor to
be organized in this City will be held In Devisa
dero Hall this evening.
The next entertainment by Oro Flno Parlor will
be given on tbe evening of the 24th.
La Estrella Parlor at its last meeting had a large
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
CENTRA 1 OFFICE
€23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Puriy A Atkinson
Managers- Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Boom). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank. si. F.
CHlCAtttt . riuvAX* WIA& smw you,
membership present and a number of visitors.
considerable business of Interest was transacted.
This parior is always open to members of the
order. Tlie second Saturday of tbe mouth i-> a
social night... --"..'•• , .
The Banner Club of Yosemlto Parlor is to give
an old clothes party at Mannerbuud Hall next
f-a.urdav evening.
The following na-ned are the officers of San
Miguel Parlor, instituted on the sth lust., by Grand
President Mrs. Mary K. Tillman, assisted by M*M.
Daggett of Las Lomas Parlor: Mrs. Clara Wise
man, president; Mrs. Elizabeth K. Richardson,
Mrs. Sadie F. Wo druff and Miss Ada Cahlll,
vice-presidents; Miss Gladys Koswell, recording
secretary; Mss* Jessie Kirk, financial secretary;
Miss Mary K. Mahoney. trea-urer; Miss Margaret
! R. Murray, marshal; Mrs.'Catherine L. Thompson
and Mrs. Nannie J. smith, trustees: Miss Daisy
P. Mcioy. outside sentinel; Miss Mabel Reed, in
siae sentinel. _Vr.
Court Sutro Heights, F. or A.
Periodically Court Sutro Heiehts of the Forest
ers of America gives an entertainment and each
time it endeavors to excel what was done on the
previous occasion. Last Thursday night the
court had one of these gatherings and the commit
tee of arrangement, Powel jrredrlck, F. S. Hard
ing, George J. Strong, B. N. Boukofsky and L.
Levingston, may feel proud 01 its success. During
the early part of the evening there was a business
meeting at which there were initiations and dis
cussion of matters for the oenetit of the court.
This court, which Is a comparatively young one,
has a membership of excellent kOO'l fellows and it
is approaching tee 160 mark. It is entire. free
from debt and has more than $iOOU m the treas
ury. it has reached that point now that, wishing
to retain tbe high standard that it bus attained, it
does not reach out for every 1 om. Dlck and Harry
to swell the membership roll, but prefers to have
applications sent In, and they are coming in.
After the business meeting the court went to
Social hall in the upper part 01 the Alcazar build
ing, where a tine banquet awaited It There was
bouillon en tasse, salads that would satisfy any
gourmet, fricassu 01 chicken, cold roast chicken
turk-.y-ueef and veal, entremets, fruit, cak«s of
, all kinds, ice cream, the vintage of California In
white ana red, black coffee and all tbe etceteras
that go to make up a first-class banquet. '1 he
evening, after the '.good things ha I been disposed
of, was not spent In the delivery of set toasts and
responses but there was ui.rttr the direction of
Powel Fredrick, the master or ceremonies, a
high jinks. . George Little sang a sons, Harry B.
Partridge gave a recitation, .1. W. Richards in
toned some good music on the mandolin, George
J. Strong and George small sang "Our Jack's tome
Home Again," the entire as.->en.blage joining in : tie
chorus. S. A. Newman gave German dialect spec
ialties, the master of ceremonies, who Is a fine per
former on the cornel, g«ve an exhibition of bis
skin and was forced to encore several -lm< s. John |
Griflin gave a vocal solo, sam Yehl being .he ac
companist, Krnesi (J. stock told stories, George
Little with M. F. Levy as accompanist, s«ni{ a
clever parody on "Rosy O'Grauy," and a number
of others helped to make the evening a most
pleasant one. The gathering did not break up
until a late hour. During the evening Tbk call's
iraternal department was spoken of in terms of
praise and the paper was cheered.
Knights of Pythias
Next Wednesday Bay City Lodge will advance
seven esquires to tbe rank of knight. The lodge
will the same evening meet in joint convention
wttn Ivy, Sequoia and Mars lodges.
On Friday 1 alrmouut Lodge conferred the
knight rank on one esquire in tons form, the work
being done in an excellent manner.
Sequoia Lodge having received several applica
tions and these having been favorably considered j
there will be initiations to-morrow night.
Orders recently issued from brigade headquar
ters provide that the installation of officers of the
various companies ot the uniform rank shall be
h Id immediately following next Friday and that
tbe inspection will take place at the same time-
Dispensation having beeu granted there will be
a celebration of the anniversary of the order
through the domain, and particular in Stockton,
>acramento, Los Angeles, Wouuland, San Diego,
Fresno and Bakersfield. There will be a joint
celebration by the tour .odges in S.ocKton on the
evening of the 19tli. There will be an open meet
ing followed by a grand ball. Among those who
will be present may be named Grand Chan ceilor
McGiashan, &•. L. Carter, supreme representative,
and Herman .-cnarfner, grand keeper of records
and seal. >ama Kosa wil. celeb: a c the anniver
sary of the order uu the »SJ inst. by holding an
open meeting to be followed by a dance and sup
per.
1 be grand chancellor will visit as follows during
the current week: Monday, Kxce>&lor Lodge,
City: Tuesday, Damon, jiyrtle, Ivy and Justice
Lodge in joint convention. City: Wednesday,
Duroc Lodge at Wotxlbiioge; Ihursdav. Vesper
Lodge at Lockafora: Friday, Stockton assisting, in ;
the celebration there, ahd Saturday orai Lodge at j
oral.
The Knight* of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald and Grand Guide I
Lamed paid a visit to Yerba Buena Lodge last
Monday. To-night the 1< dee will initiate four can
didates. It has eight application* to pats upon.
Saxon Lodge received two applications last
Tuesday and c xi pets several to-morrow night.
Anchor Ledge will initiate four candidates to
night and there is a number to be Initiated at a
future meeting. 1 h*>se are a result of tbe enter
tainment recently glvrn by lodge. Openmeet-
Ings and good euteitainmenu drew a crowd and
each is always followed by an increase in mem
bership.
Joseph Peltier has been elected representative
to tbe grand lodse from Yosemite Lodge. Jhmll
Magner was chosen as alternate.
John Piath will represent West End Lodge
in the grand ledge and K. A. Bullis has been
chosen as alternate. At its meeting on last Thurs
day this lodge bad many visitors, including Past
Grand Dictator Burke, Grand Reporter Jobnstone
and Deputy Scott l.lder. The visitors entertained
t he members with addresser.
1 ahoe Lodge of West Berkeley whs visited by
the grand die ator, who found that it was doing
rood work i>nd initiating candidates at a most,
every meeting. . • ••;'.",
Garden City Lodge of Alameda recently installed
Its officers and gave a banquet in honor of the
grand officers who paid it a visit. Among those
present were: P. L. Archibald, grand dictator;
>V. J. Thomson, grand assistant dlc.aior: M. L.
Crowe, supreme representative; Dr. wiilam
Simpson, Samuel Frank and G. L. Blrkmaier. A
very pleasant evening was spent.
The officers of charter Oak Lodge were installed
in the presence of a large membership by P. L.
Archibald, G. D., assisted by Thomas 1 arned. G.
G. A mone the visitors were: M. L. Crowe, S. R. ;
T. Jobnstone, G. li.: Dorson Nichols and ex-Judge
W. A. S. Nicholson.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Vice-Protector Mrs. Belle W. Conrad Is
arranging a series of visits to the local lodges. She
will be accompanied on these visits by Grand
Secretary S. B. Carleton and other grand officers.
The following named are the officers that have
been installed for Pacific Lodge for the ensuing
term, which terminates on June SO: L. F. Kenl
son. past protector: Jennie Dioklage, pro cc.or:
Kstella J. Montague, vice-protector: A. Atkins,
recording and tinaciiai secretary; J. C. Peters
treasurer: Sarah E. Akins, cbapiain; Mrs. B T.
Crittenden, gnlde; Emma Grant, guardian; M. R.
Nicholl, sentinel.
tqult/ Lodge of Sacramento announces a nov
elty id the nature of m Japanese party for March
8, in Granger.*' nail.
Woodmen of tin World.
Head Manager Boak of Oakland, who bad been
In Denver, Colo., to attend a meeting of the bead
managers, returned last week and reports every
thing at the head office in good condition.
Assessment 80 has been called for February. It
will be delinquent March 1.
Woodcraft is reported as booming from the At
lantic to the Pacific and from Canada to the Gulf
and that chips are flying thick and fa»u The
growth of the order Is more noticeable In the Pa
cific jurisdiction than c sewhare. The camps In
San Francisco and vicinity are reports! as won
derfully prosperous, and at almost every meeting
there are filed applications.
Head Consul F«lkenber< is due here this week
and be will visit tbe ramps. Those tie has already
VMited in tbe southern part of the State have re
ceived a noticeable Impetus as a result of his visit,
as appears from the number of applications re
ceived.
Mrs. Fal ken berg, who accompanies the bead
consul on his tour of visitations, will devote con
siderable attention to: the Woodmen's Circle, of
which she 1% an honored member.
'1 he head consul will visit Redwood Camp on
next Thursday evening, nben tbe camp will bold
an open meeting, and the dixtluguiihed visitor will
deliver an - interesting aiidre s on woodcraft.
Other talent has been engaged and a very enter
taining programme wil be off red. A special in
vitation is extended to the ladles to attteud that
night to listen to one of :he greatest of fraternal
orators of the present time. A special alspeusa
ti< n to admit applicants to membership at half
rales that nUnt has been granted. '
General Organizer Rogers is In Marln County In
the Interest of the craft and has new camps lo
cated. - These will shortly be organised.
- Knights of the Golden Cagle.
J. W. Gal bratth of Stockton Castle paid a visit
to California Castle last Wednesday. He proposes
to locate In this City and will affiliate with Cali
fornia laatle.TjglJflgjft^il
A. F. Plate, grand sir herald, and Grand Instruc
tor W. O. Macdougall will pay a visit to Golden
Gate Castle to-night.
Next Sunday Grand Master of Records Hanna
will visit Napa to reorganize the castle there.
Alpha Temple, Ladies of the Golden Eagle, gave
a most enjoyable valentine party In Union-square
Hall last Friday night, »nd there was a good at
tendance. The hall was decorated In an attractive
manner and tbe committee of arrangements-
Mrs. D. N. H anna, Mrs- J. R. Kliev, .his Dora
Aladg. Mrs. Dora King and Mrs. F. Mac.jougall—
was very successful In making the evening a
pleasant oue for those who attended. Each person
on entering the hall was presented a valentine,
numbered, and when the lime came for the grand
march the ladies and gentlemen having corre
sponding numbers became partners for the even
luic. The floor manager. Mrs. F. K. Batiurs, per
formed her function with rare ability. Mrs.
Eugenia Heron is tbe noble templar of the temple
and Mrs. K. M. Macdougall tbe guardian of rec
ords
- Golden Gate Castle also gave a valentine social
in social Hall, Alcazar building, on Saturday, and
this proved a success, there being a large attend
ance an I a great deal of enjoyment for ail. It as
well planned and well carried out.
. Seven Pines Circle, 6. A. R.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of the Grand
Army of the Repubic, will give a Martha Wash
ington tea In the 1 auquet hail of the Native Sons'
buildln; tc-morrotv night. Refreshments will be
furnished to all who attend.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
I Trade Journals From All
Quarters Report Increas
ing Business.
Land of Any Real Merit Touched
the Bottom Notch Dur
ing 1896.
An Expert's Opinion on the Condition
cf th? Market ard the Pros*
pects for the Future.
Among the real estate dealers there is a
growing conviction that their business is tend
ing upward and the market has assumed a
more satisfactory tone.
The noticeable improvement in the business
outlook which lollowed the election has con
tinued, though it cannot De said that 'the
prospects of a general rise of prices is very
brilliant. In other words, while the gloom
and uncertainty which hung over American
industry and commerce, as a result of the tariff
agitation and threats of the Democratic party,
while the paralysis resulting from uncertainty
in this regard has been largely relieved by the
defeat of the Administration and its policy,
still it must not be forgotten that the univer
sal depression which rests upon the whole in
dustrial and commercial world cannot be en
tirely removed as to this country by any local
political event.
Nor did the Republican leaders or press
promise during the campaign that a Repub
lican victory would immediately restore prices
and values, without which it cannot be ex
pected that production and trade will assume
a rapid upward tendency. What the Repub
licans did promise was that a repudiation of
the Democratic party and its free-trade policy
would dissipate the gloom and uncertainty in
that regard and to that extent effect a revival.
That result has been achieved by the Repub
lican victory.
In a- recent; interview with Thos Mapee, the
well-known real estate agent, who is consid
ered an authority on all matters pertaining to
landed interests he spoke rather cheeringly
of the prospects for better times. "I think,"
said he, "that all real estate having any real
merit touched bottom in 189t>. This -City,"
he continued, "is entering upon a new era,
and the Pan Joaquln Valley Rond will be a
very decided factor in this change. San Fran
cisco can. before long, compete with the East
when railroad rates will have been reduced in
other parts of the State as they have been
through portions of the San. Joaquln' Valley
since the Inauguration of the Valley Road.
"The old rule of all hat the traffic will bear
has been permanently broken, and the old
monopoly and the new road alike will aid all
sorts of development in the great valley by
charging reasonable freight rates. The next
most important aid to City and State growth
and progress is the growth of beets and sugar
beet manufactories.
"The revival of gold mining on a legitimate
basis 1* another strong factor in favor of prog
ress. And last, but by no means least, in the
line of advance, is the subdivision of large
acreage into small tracts. When- the next
exodus of farmers comes here from the East,
they will be accommodated with farming
lands at farming prices.
"The outlook for better prices for wheat,
fruit and wine is good, but perhaps the most
cheering fact of all is that the water injected
into the prices of farming lands by booms and
boomers has been nearly all squeezed out.
Hard times, low prices tor land products and
many foreclosures of mortgages did this. All
of these things were recorded as misfortune*,
and they were misfortuntts, too, but mis
fortunes not without some compensation.
"The real estate outlook is that the prices of
all lots in the dwelling regions that are within
convenient reach of c ble or electric cars will
not fall further. The tendency will be up
ward, although we look for little advance In
prices of any Kind of dwelling property, of
either the first, second or third class this year.
Prices of the two latter kind's of property "have
fallen since May, 1891, 25 to 40 per cent.
Many new houses, costing $1500 to $5000
each, have within that time been erected in
the districts ■There these reductions occurred,
and several fast electric-car lints have been
built out to them. These aids to progress and
increase of improvements, of course, tend to
advance prices, and they would have so ad
vanced last year, but the pernicious effects of
the inflation of 1839 and 1891 have not yet
been wholly erased, and no immediate ad
vance of prices can therefore yet be looked for
•Business properties of a yki d, present or.
prospective, paving anything like a fair net
I income, Trill hold their own this year. The
best business properties on Market street cer-
t ainly will, and the next b»st. near to Market
street, whether wholesale or retail, but espe
cially the latter, will not all be likely to show
weaker prices."
The most important transfer in realty re
ported during the past week has been the sale
of the property at the north corner of Second
and Mission streets to Wells, Fargo & Co. for
the sum of 5125.000. as it is reported. The
lot has a frontage of 157 feet on Second by 112
feet ou Mission and New Anthony.
W. H. Meeks, Gnstav C. L&ndis and George
A. Low are the sellers.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 123 deeds placed on record dur
ing the week.
The mortgages numbered eighty-four and
were fora total of $351,030. The larger ones
were as follows: By German Bank to William
H. Howard $110,000 for one year at 7 per cent
on property at southeast rorner of Clay and
Sans me, east 109, south 59:9. east 2:4, south
59:9, west 111:4, north 119:6.
By John Huston to M. A. Dorn $15,000 for
two years at ii\s per cent on property on the
east line "f Powell street, 85 feet south 01
Geary, south 52:6 by east 77:7: by the French
Bank to Jane Mattel $13 500 for two years at
B>2 per cent on property on the north line of
Eli s, 197 west of Jones', west 38 by north 120
and on the east line of Kearny, 91:3
south of Clay, south 31:3 by east 22:11
--by the Mutual Savinzs Bank to George
H. and Susanne M. Richard, $12,000 for one
year «.t 7 percent on property on the south
east corner of Twentieth and Capp street*, east
60 by south 100: by the Hibernia Bank to
I Daniel Sheerin, $9600 for one year at per
cent on property on the southwest corner of
Ellis and Broderi.k, south 200 by west 100
and on the north line of Geary, '215 east of
Brorterick, east 31:9 by no-th 125; by the
Kumbolrtt Bank to Richard and Margaret Cur
li 1, $6000 for one year at 7 per cent on prop,
erty on the went line of Foisom, 260 south of
Twenty-second, south 45 by west 122 -6 •
by the same to Clinton Jones, $8000
for one year at 7 per cent on property
on the north line of California, 137-6
east of Buchanan, east 53:9 by north
137:6; by the German Bank to Charlts L
Hi: kel, $7000 for one year at 7 per cent, on
property on the southeast corner of Beulah
and Cole, south 75 by west 100; by the Cali
fornia Building and Loan Association to Oli
ver C. Haslett, $6000 for six years at 8 per
cent, on property on the northeast line of
First, 206:3 southeast of Harrison, southeast
63:9 by northeast 137:6; by tne Hibernia
Bank to Joseph L. Moody, $50,000 for one
year at 6% per cent, on property on the south
east cornerof Bluxome and the southwest cor
ner of Filth, southeast 130. southwest 120,
southwest 450, northwest 137:6, aouthwes
275, northwest 112:6, northei)«i 825: by the
same to Laura Albrecht. $24,000 for one year
at 6V£ per cent, on property on the north line
of McAllister, 87:6 west of Leavenworth, west
50 by north 137:6; by Wallace Bradford to
Milton F. Gabbs. $6400, payable in install
ments at 7 per c-nt, on property on the west
line of Spruce, 87 south of Clay, south 25 by
west 100.
The releases for the same time numbered 52
and were for $161,325. Among them were the
following: From O. O. Burgess to Eva A.
H axe. $13,500 on property in 50-vara block
143, on the east line of Powell Street, 137:6
north of O'Farrell, south 35, east 137:6. north
35, west 137:6; from the Hibernia Bank to
Julien Smith, $6000 on property in 100-vara
block 362. on the southeast line of Stevenson
street, 315 southwest of Third, southeast 70 by
southwest 40: from the German Bank to
George W. and Anna Meade, $4500, and to
Sidney M. EmitD $4500 on property in
Western Addition blr<;fc 124, on the e»st line
of Gough street, 100:8'^ south of Clay, south 27
by east 82:6; Irom the same to Sidney M. and
Elizabeth E. Smith, $10,500 on the same prop
erty, and in Western Addition block 265. on
the north line of Broad 37:6 east of Web
ster, east 60 by north 137:6; from the Occi
dental Loan Association 10 Zenas U. Dodge
$12,000 on property in 50-vara block 120, on
the south line of Post, 206:3 west of Dunont,
as that street was laid out in 1858, west 22:11
by south 60; from the German Bank to John
Hinkel. $11,000 on property in Western Addi
tion block 266. on the west line of Buchanan,
102 sou of Broadway, south 35:6. west 68 .-9
north 4:11, west 40:9, north 30:7, enst 109:6;
from the tame to Louise M. and George F.
Volkmann, $16.00U on property in Western
Addition block 34B, on the south'lineof Broad-
J2f. 68:9 wesl oi Fillmore, west 68:9 by south
137 :6.
NEWS ITEMS.
F. G. Eekhorst is to erect a two-story build
ing on tde northeast corner oi Greenwic h and
Pierce streets and to make alteration s in a
building adjoining.
ri. G. Bultwinkie is to erect a two-story
frame building of two flats on the north line
of Twenty-first street. 170 feet east of Folsom.
Mrs. Bertha Bamberger has let the contract
for the building of a two-story residence on
the north line of Fell street, 206:3 west of
Ashbury.
Work was commenced last week on the lay
ing o/ the foundations for the garbage incin
erator on '.ho block bounded by Thirteenth,
fourteenth, Rhode Island and De Haro s. reels.
When the works are completed it will do away
with the dumps, which have so long menaced
the health of the Ciiy.
The citizens of the Sunset District have
under consideration many improvements for
Hie advancement of the interests of that ter
ritory south of the Park. At a recent meeting
it was decided to petition the Supervisors to
open I street, from First to Seventh avenue,
which will give the district the outlet it much
needs. The residents of the (sunset District
claim that the objections of Adolph butro to
the opening of this thoroughiare are not
well founded.
The subject of improving several other
streets in the district is at present under con
sideration. A question of much importance
now being agitated among the property-own
ers south of the Park is the need of a sewer
outlet.
The sewer on First avenue, between Clement
and Luke streets, having not yet been com
pleted, is at present choked wiih sand and
mud.
The residents of the Sunset district are to
petition the Supervisors to erect twenty-four
electric light? iv me district between Firsi
and Twentieth avenues.
Two new houses will be commenced during
this week in the Heyman Tract, on the north
side of Alvarado street, between Douglass and
Hoft'man.
Through the efforts of the Van Nes. avenue
Improvement Club, assisted by tne propeny
ownera on Lombard aua Bay streets and Van
Ness avenue, the people of the north end of
the City will toon be able to reach Market
street without finding it reee^ary to climb
several almost insurmountable g-adr-g.
The route of he suege s 'ed bouievard s
lr"in the ial cc notel. thro.i^h K-arny or
Mou.gomery si e^i. to Moimfi.iL.ery menue,
t> i: '..v .'tre t, 'o\rnNes -venue, to Lonibird
stnet and hence to the nesidio
Th: s-ut 'Tvi-ors have agr>e<i to order the
b'.OJi: on Buy -tr,-et from Jo - c; to Leiven
worth to be pay d, and it i dp <-ted 'hat
within thirty or s x'y ilays th. 1 i.ew driveway
will be rea«iy for ir fii •
Theie will Us a sp c.al meeting to-motrow
evening of ttie -t<ckton->treU Improvement
i Inb, to which the ;iio>er!jr-owi c s ul< ng t ,c
line ••!* tha th<-r u-hture wi . bo inviteu. lue
m: in n's n'' nd to ask their a d »:ds to
hav>- a smooth pavement i«id on Stocitton
s tkh from laeltic lo Union stree.s. Thestcre
kcep-rs nave i>*iil for i lum. n -it ing the street
and th>'y think the property-owners should
now ass ist in the movement for progress.
Alfred Ross, theowner of the property on the
south !ine of Twenty-seventh street, 130 feet
east of Dolores, is to build on his lot a cottage
house to cost $14l>0.
J. \V. Kenerleber is to put up a two-story
frame building on the south live of Hayes
street, l'J5 let-t west of Scott, to cost $3115.
Phoebe Lowenthal, the owner of the prem
ises on the north line of Sacramento street,
68:9 feeteas' of Buchanan. U to add an addi
tional story to the premise.
The Supervisors are to be petitioned to erect
an electric light on Williamson street, be
tween Point Lobosand Richmond avenue.
The middle filty-vara lot on the north side
of Jackson street, between Lacuna and Bu
chanan, has been sold by 11. L. Van Winkle to
Isaac Sirassburger for something like $38,
--000. Mr. .S i rass burger intends to erect a
handsome building on the land in the near
future.
Although the local savings banks are not
making any nans on country property just at
present, there is an abundance of money in
the banks, and owners of City property can
borrow on mortgage in fall proportion to the
value of their buildings.
A special meeting of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club win be held to-morrow even
i g, at which all the property-owners are in
vited to be present to discuss the advisability
of taking Point Lobos jivenue from under the
control of tne Pork Commissioners and plac
ing it under the control oi the Superintendent
of streets.
The annual meeting of the Argonaut Mutual
Building and Loan Association occurred this
week, when direeton were elected as follows:
George W. Dixon (president), Dr. A L. Leng
feld (Vice-president), M. J. Blackmail, sis.
Baumiinii, A. Onion, E. Mes-ager and M.
Weiaer. The report presented showed assets
amounting to $66,905. of which the sum of
$52,900 represents first mortgages on real
estate. During the year the society has sold
$4000 worth of real estate, una borrowers
have paid up mortgages Amounting to $5800.
The Prst series of stock, on which $72 has
been paid, has a book value of $89 13. The
other officers of 'he concern are: Secretary,
Emil Gunrberger; treasurer, Daniel Meyer;
attorney. S. C. Pcheeline.
Work in preparing for the foundation for
the new building on the Fair estate property
on Sacramento street, beiween Davis and
Drumm, hns commenced.
Tnomac Breen it at present figuring on the
construction of a two-story brick machine
shop on the east side of Fremont street, be
lwe«n Mission and Howard.
Bovee, Toy A: Co. have been appointed agents
for the sale ot the lands of Sidney V. Smith at
aan Anselm<> and Ross stations.
William 11. Lillic will shortly commence the
erection of two residences on Tenth avenue,
ne»r 11 street, whi h will cost in the neigh
borhood of $4000 each.
On the '23d instant Easton Eldridge <fc Co.
will offer a line of miscellaneous parcels oi
realty at public auction, and on the 25th in
stant Yon Hheln will alsosell some miscellane
ous pareols.
On March 9 Bovee. Toy & Co. will sell at
auction the estate of the ln'e Mrs. Julia Morri
son. The estate comprises the followine pieces
of land: On tne norm side of Sacramento
street, 137:6 east of Kearny, 34:4' 4 by 119:6,
with improvements, renting at $210 a month;
on the west line of Valencia, 106 south of
Twentieth, 35 by 110. renting for $110 montn
ly: on the north line of Lombard, 137:6 east of
Buchanan, 50 Dy 120; on the east line of Fi.l
more. 85 feet north of Lombard, 137:6 by 137:6
and 85 by 110, be inc L-slmped; on the south
line of Greenwich, 137:6 east oi Webster, V2'2 :ti
by 120; on the south line of Greenwich, 162:2
west ol Gough, 75 by 110, and one-sixteenth
interest on the south line of Cnestnut, 137 :6
east of Laguna, 68:9 by 137:6, and on the
northwest corner ot Laguna aud Scott; 30 by
110.
t iThe Eureka Valley residents are to petition
the BuMTTlaon to trect six additional electric
tights in ihe district at tne following points:
At the corner of State and Castro streets; Sev
enteenth, between Mars and Caselli; Caselli
and Clover; Merritt, between ilatt.e and Dan
vers; Corbeit, between Mars and Caselli; and
State, beiween Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
The passage of the bill by the Senate and the
Assembly to continue for five years the work
of building the San Rafael and San Francisco
boulevard with convict labor has produced
the greatest satisfaction throughout the south
ern part of Marin County. The completion of
the modnl roadway of California is now prac
tically assured. The convicts have resumed
work on the roadbed near Greenbrae station
casting material from the marsh island to the
line of construction.
OITY HALL MARBLE WORK.
Union Workmen Declare it Is Not Up
to Specifications.
The Marble Cutters and Finishers' As
sociation objects seriously to the charac
ter of work and to the workmanship De
ing performed upon the new interior mar
ble walls in the City .Hall tower. Ii is
claimed by the men of the Union that tbe
marble is not being polished and tbe con
struction is not according to plans and
spe cincations tiled in the City Architect's
office; in other words that the taxpayers
are not petting their moneys worth, and
the local skilled marble-workers are made
subservient to workmen little used to the
particular work they are doing.
A meeting of the association was held
yesterday afternoon at 1019 Market street,
and the committee that had waited on the
City Hall Commissioners last Saturday re
ported that it had been authorized to ap
point a good workman to polish a large
sample of marble in the proper way no
that it might be compared with the work
beitiß done in the City Hall. ;
The sense of the meeting was that each i
individual member of the union should do
his utmost to push the investigation to a
final issue. Speeches on the subject were
made by President Henken of the Build
ing Trades Council, and by Mr. Hughes of
the Metal Roofers' Union.
James Sullivan, John T. McCann and
John J. McCann were appointea delegates
to the Building Trades Council.
Another meeting of the marble-workers
will be held next Sunday at 1019 Market
street. . • v>^
vj^r
Companions of the Forest.
Liberty Circle, Companions of the Forest, Branch
of the A. O. F. Friendly Poclety, was instituted
last week by ' Supreme Grand chief Companion
Mrs. Sarah BeTerson, assisted by supreme grand
odcers and memb. rs of Loyal Circle. The circle
starts out with tony five charter members.
On Tuesday next Mrs. M. K. Falconer, supreme
grand treasurer, will, in company with other su
-6j ren ßai* rand officers, pay a visit to the circJ* in
San Rafael.
O Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
0 Cloudy® ham® Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flits with the wind. Th« top figure*
•t station Indicate maximum temperature for the
Bays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*.
durint the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted linen, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
rtfers to low presMure. and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloud v weather and rains.
"hows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low- is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "hlsrh" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce anVpposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agricul
tube. Weather .uubeau. San Francisco, Feb.
14, 1897, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season 33.92. last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .38; Red Bluff 18.90, last
season 13.83, past 24 hours .20: San Francisco
16.95, last season 12.42, past 24 hours .o*2; Fres
no 7.93, lam season 4.09, past 24 hours .00; Man
Luis Oblspo 16 03, last season 17.26, past
21 hours .00; Los Angeles 11.33, last season
6.91 , past 24 hours .00; San Diego 7.4 2, last sea
son 4.44, past 24 hours .01; Yuma 4.66, last sea
son .46. pas'. 24 hours. oo.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 46. mean 50.
A moderate storm has moved In the past 24
hours from off the Washington coast northeast
ward Into Btitlsb Columbia. Bain tins been gen
eral throughout the Pacific Coast region from the
vicinity oi Santa Cruz and Stockton northward to
the British Possessions, Snow, and ruin b»ve
fallen In the plateau regions between the Cascades
and Sierras and the Kocky Mountains from Cen
tral Nevada nor: ward. At present the condi
tions are improving In Central California. It is
probable that the weather Monday will for the
most part be fair, although occasional scattered
showers will still occur from San Francisco north
ward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars,
eudiiiK at mldnlgbt, February 15. 1897.
Northern Calirorma— Party cloudy In the south
ponton; occasional scattered showers in the uortb
portion; fresh westerly winds.
South' m California— Fair jionday; fresh north
west win ■s.
Nevada— Fair Monday, except occasional light
rain or mow In the north portion.
Utah— Fair Monday, except occasional snow In
extreme north portion.
Ariiona— hair Monday.
e>an Francisco and v clnlty— Partly cloudy Mon
day and probably occasional sprinkles of rain;
brisk westerly winds.
W. a. Hakvo.v, Local Forecast Official.
THIS CALL CALENDAR.
FZBBFART, 1897.
O c x t j L.\Ml.K>.
Dat««a of T>«parture From Kan Fnnintaen.
-il AMi li> TO AKKIVK.
SUN, Mt.it. ANI> UDt.
United Ftatbs Coast AND Geodetic BTJRV*T
Times AND lIKIOHTS OF High AND LOW
VVATKM AT *okt POINT, Entrancb to
SAX Francisco BAY. Published BY Offi-
CIAL AUTHORITY OF THK BUPKKINTENDKJJT.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (MlMlon-street Wharf) about twenty
nveminu;«i later than at Fort Po 'at: the height
o' tide is th« «nm« »*. both p!hc<m.
February— lß»7.
Monda . Feb vary 16.
Sunrises 6.69 Moon rises
Sunsets 5. 49: Moon sets 6.49 m
NoTK-in the above exposition of tbe tides tv«
•any morning tides ara given In tbe left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tha
order of occurrence*! to time. The second ilm«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
nand column gives the last tide of (he day, except
wheu there are but three tides, as sometimej
*ccnrs. Tae heights given are additions to the
toandtngs on the United Htatea Coast Surrey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precede* the
neignt, and then tbe number given la aubtractlv*
irom the depth «-i ven*y the chart*.
NOTIC*. 1O MAWXEKs.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located In tbe Merchant*' Exchange is
maiutalnod in Sao Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard 10 nationality sad free or
expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to Tisit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
direc.lons of the world are kept ou hanl or com
par.son and reference, and the latest Information
can always ba obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top et the building on lele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day irom the
United States ~>'aval Observatory a: Mare Islana
a' notice statin? whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, is
publishes the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following lar.
W. S. Huohbs,
Lieutenant U. s. y.. in charge.
SUXA'l'l-Mi iHXJ£IAI«*KarCKi
Arrive!.
SUNDAY. February I*.
Btmr State of California. Green. 64 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours; pass ana mdse.
to GoodaU, Perkins Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. HO hours from
Departure Bay: 2280 tons coal, toll Dunsmulr <S
Sons.
Stmr Protection, Elletsen, 66 hours from Car
plnteria; i»»4 tons asphaltum, to Alcatraz As
phalt Co. ■
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen. 60 hours from sen
Pedro; ba last, to Casp »r Lumber Co.
Stmr Geo Loomts. Bridgett, 38 hours from Ven
tura: 6348 obis oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 22 hoars irra Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Noyo. Levtuson. 14 hours irom Fort Brags:
pass and muse, to J S Kirn bail. ' -■ "'
.Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, 23 days 16
hourly miii from Panama, etc; pass and mdse, to
P M S Co.
Hchr Glendale, Johnson, 9 days from New
Whuicom: bBl M ft lumber, to BuUingnam Bay
Improvement > o.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega;
75 bis butter, to Boss & Hewlett.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, February 14.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen.
Ship Dashing Wave. Storehouse, Tacoma.
Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, KusteL Vancouver.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. Blblers Point.
Schr Christina Steffens. Nordllng, Fists Mill.
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen. Tacoma.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, Seattle.
Schr Gotama, Dedrick, Coos Bay.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Feb. 14.— 1t) * m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW: velocity 12 mil**.
Miscellaneous.
COOS BAY, Feb 14-stmrs Arcata and Empire
are still barbound at this place. ':"
Domeitio Pore*.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Geo W Elder,
hence Feo 11; bktn Northwest, from Newport:
schr Prosper, hence Feb 3.
Sailed Feb' 14 —Hr ship Mechrihanlsb, for
Queenstown. •
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Corona, hnce
Feb 13.
Sailed Feb 14— Schr Alice, for San Pedro: stmr
Alliance, for Coos Bay; scbr Salvator, for
bhunebai.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Fab 14— Bark Mer
cury, for Sau Francisco. '..
MEN DOLlNG— Arrived Feb 14-Btmr Point
Arena, hence Feb 18. '
NAVAKRO— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Weeott,hce
Feb 11.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Feb 14-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— sailed Feb 14-Scor General Ban
ning, for Grays Harbor. : ; . "■:
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Excel
sior, hence Feb 11.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK. -Arrived Feb 14— ->tmr La Bout
gome, from Havre; stmr Servla, from Liverpool
and Queermown.
HAVRE— Arrived out Feb 14— Stmr La Bre
tagne.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb 14-Btmr St Paul,
for New Yorlc.
QUEENSTOWN— BaIIed Feb 14— Stmr Lucania,
for New York.
Importation*.
FORT BRAGG— Per N0y0— 249 M ft lumber, 1
cs liquors. 3 cs Pegs. 0 pkgs mdse.
Moss LANDING— Per Gipsy— l cseggs, 650
sks potatoes. 98 sks b-an».
Soquel— 272 bxs apples, 4 cs cheese, 500 bb!s
lime, 1 bx fish, 1 bx abaloue shells.
Pigeon Point— 3 bxs butter. 120 bxs cheese, lsk
mussels, 9 »us seaweed.
ASTORIA — Per State of California— 4 bxs fish,
75 sks oysters. 3 I s chef 4 pk«s express.
PortlanJ— bales 700 (tunnies 256J qr-sks
3958 hf-sks flour, 92tf ski onions. 2400 ska bran,
4478 sks potatoes. li! 50 Sks snorts, 750 sks oats
600 sks middlings, 389 sks wheat, 50 sks wool,
1280 pkgs paper, 2702 Ingots copper.
Conaienee*.
Per Novo— San born. Vail A Co; Roth <& Co: I
Lentzner A Co; Langley & Michaels: Union Lum
ber Co.
Per <;ip»y -Herman Joost; HDutard; Western
Roll Paper Co; Brlgham, Hoppe<& Co; FreJerick
son <fe ia.obson: Wolf «£ Son: LG Sresovich A Co :
A W Kink: Dairymen's Union ; Kowalsky * Co:
Wellman. Peck <x, «.o: OB Smith <fc Co: Neimati A
Lefkovitz: HCowell<feUo. J S Peikins & Co;
Jonn Lowry.
P<>r >tate of California— Allen & Lewis ; Sheldon
Milling Co; Otis, McAllister <fcCo: L Scaten* 4 Co:
M P Detels: Moore, Ferguson <fc Co; Thos Watson;
Geo Morrow <fc Co: Hf-cht Bros: H Dutard; DM
Bollman; Jonn F English; Erlanger & Galinger; J
stenc:l; Dalion Bros: Wolf Son: D J Russell:
McDonough <ft Runyon: Oregon Fruit A Produce
Co: L G Sresovicb A Co: Gould A Jaudin; Lowison
Bros: A Levy Co: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co;
Fog-arty A Parker: Daroee A Imrael; duff Bros;
M E A Wagner; < ; Canililoni A Co: C Carlson: M
C .«.i-o:i A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co; AS Smith: G
W Emmons &Co: Crown Paper Co; A Ba reel 11
A Co: J H Cain A Co: J J Ry»n: W J Murray; T
lman s Ko-tnlu-id A; Co: L Jaggar.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY J&X&m.
wharf, Sau Francisco, as follows: VkSSS
For Mary Island, l.orinr. Wrangel, Juneau. Kit-
Uanoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
Sew Wnatcom (Belltngham Bay, Wash.), 9a. K.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
11., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with a.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area. a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17. 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Aniteles) and Newport, at 9 A. M.
Feb. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourtn
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
■'eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, al, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Enseiiada. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, L*
Paz and Quayraas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. x. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. - f
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market si.. San Francloeo.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
PORTT-i j9IP^J 33
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
T? A X?TT/*l2 First-class > Including
I! .; V XI IVi B it Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 28
State or California Feb. 7, 17,27
Through tickets and through baegaze to all
Eastern points. Rates and folden upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
nOOPALL, PERKINS <fe CO. >upprlnt*nrtent»
ST* ■■ S. ". AUSTRALIA for
'SkIHIIE HONOLULU only.
«■■■■« Tuesday, februar.- ii,
ymm •' . at ap. x. Special party
>lHm^nina) The«. 8. ALAMEDA
(ylKllDlHy- 7 galls via HONOLULU
/7%mcaplU»nd AUCKLAND for
VJJlipvllM^ SYDNEY, Thursday.
M arch 4. at 2 p. M.
Line to ARDIB, Anst., and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. 1). SPRECKELS & BROS. CO- Acnntn.
114 Montgomery street.
Frf'eht ffflr^. S'27 Maric«»r. s»t -•-.,„,.!..„
COSPAGSIE GESERAL TRIISATLIIII QUA
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH iML
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by f| Wt
this line avoid both transit by English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first class $160. secODd class 9116.
LA BOURGOGNE Feb. 20. 6A. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. m.
LA GASCOUNE March & sa.m.
LA BKIiTAGNE March 13. Ba. *.
LA NORMANDIK Mar.-hiO, sa. M.
ay For iurther particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ;
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
to->:3<> V. 31-
-t- Accommodations Reserved by Telephons.
i 1 he only linn seillni: through tickets and giving
through "freight rates to all points on Valley
Railroad. . STEAMER! , :
T. C. Walker, -$\P m ?•*•«"••
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and lmpu Co
FOR VALLEJO . AID 1. S. \AVV YARD.
STEAMER ''MONTICELLO."
Dally ex. Saturday <fe bun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. n.
Saturdays « •10:30 a. x.. 4 p. it
Sundays ........8 r. it
Landing Mlsslon-stree*. Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 281.
•Trip elves B hours stop a; Navy- Yard.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 MON-
O day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 ax. Alviso
'1 uesrtay. Thursday, Saturday, at Bp. m. Freistu
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco ana
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c, day sb. huL
«W W, b*at*U*n»ti baa J<w» *^» ■*•"«*
RAILROAD TRAVEi:
ROCTHUSX I*A<:»'lC COMPANY.
(PACIVUI rtVHIKM.)
Tr»ln- i r .irj n-U^nr. .In. t« *»rri-« at
LEAVK — -FROM FKBRUARY 15, 1897 — ABBIVB
•«:O»a. Kites. Nan Jose »uu ay Stations... |Ssa
7:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogilen and l.aft.. 8:45r H
7:OOa Benicia, Vacaville, Rurnsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Davis - • 6:43» I
7:*Oa Martinci, San Ramon, Valiejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa C:l5-
S>»Oa Niles, Sau Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chlco,
Tehama and Red Blutl <:l.lp
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton »7:13p
•:OOa Nsw Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
Yosomito), Fresno. Bakerslield,
SauU. Barbara, 1 os Angi'leK, Dem.
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and
Ea5t.........'..'. 4:43*
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton ■i:-ir,
•:OOa Vallejo 6:13*
Kilus, San Jose. LiTermore and
Stockton 7:l.tp
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers '!l:00p
1:00 Niles, San Jose and Livermcre 8:45 a
t l:»6p Port CosU and Way Stations t?:43*
4:OUp Martinez, - San lUuion, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El verano and
Santa Rosa 9il3 a
4iOOp Benieia, Vacavillo, M(...;ian<L
Knights Landing, Marygvule, Oro-
Tillo anil Sacramento 11:18 a
4x3Ojf Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, M .
ced and Fresno, going via Kites,
returning xla Martinez 11i48a
0i0OpLo» Angeles Exi>ress. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa llarbara and I,os _
Augel* 1 * ~:4Si.
BiOOp Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Kxpreas
for Mojav» ami East J : 4$ A
0:OOp European Mail, Ogilen and Kant.... 8:45 a
«:00p Hajwanls, Nil«« and San Jose ~:15\
t7:oop Vallcjo t7: 13»
7>oop Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, KediKug, Portland, I'uget
Soiuulaud East H:13»
110:00? " Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East |12i43p
* SANTA CKtIZ lUTIMON (Narroir Unu^ )m -
$il3ANeiTark,<;eiiterTiUc,Saii.lo3e.Felton, " ~"
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Btao p
•BtlSp Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *lltao A
4:15p Newark. Hnn Jose and l,os (iatos ... 9:50.
tll:13p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:Bo|i
COAST DIVISION (Tliinl A Tnnnsriiil Sis.) "
oi4sa Han Jose auil Way Stations (New ~^
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOr
■:13a San .lose, Trea l'luos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol>isr>o. Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:00*1
I O;4Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:00p /
11::IOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30» f
*2:3OrSan Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey anil *H>:4o
•3:HOp San Jose and Way .Stations &:43x
*4:3OpSao Jose and Way Stations 'S-.0-Ia
3:30p S» .Jose and Principal Way Stations *«:43a
6:'<iOp San Jose and Way stations 0i33 v
j11:45p San Jose and Way Stations t~:i.lp
' SAX LEAXDKO AM) HAYWABUs L 0( aIT"
••6:00a ; ( 7:131
8:OOa 1 . (U:4S\
io.'oSa I nelro»e,B«mliiirrP»rk, X£*& X
'"ISSp Fitchburg,S«iL«.a(lra J »g»
I! 28 P » d \ VS&
»;O«p Howard* , SSSS
"7:00p I B<43|>
Sloop i Runs thrpngh to Nile*. lolsOp
ftll;lspj < From Mies. |tl2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Sl5 HUHCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:00 ±3:00
•4:00 t5:00 •6:Cop.m.
From OIILiSD— of Breadwij.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. tl2:00 *l:00 t3:00 *3:00 , \isi
*S:OOp.M. - H ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Sundays excepted. f Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTueudays and Saturdays, i Sundays and Thursday*.
SANFRAKCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. x.; 13:3\
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. x. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at I :sa
and 11:30 p. x.
6DNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3%
5:00, 6:20 P. x.
San Rafael, to San Franclnoo.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. v. Saturdays— Kxiratrloi
at 1:55 p. x. and 8:35 p. x.
SUNDAYS— 3:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. X.; 1:40,3:401
-.00, 6:25 p. x.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same V
schedule aa above. .. j
Leave Tn „. ArrlTe I
Ban Francisco. Oct. it B * n nclsca
Week I Svrs- ito B u£aUon. cv *' TwiiT"
Days. I pays, "csunatton. days, | DATa,
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm: 10:26 aic
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 p*
~ " Fulton, *
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 As
HealdsbuxK,
1 ytton,
GeyservlUe,
3:30 fm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
' Pieta. " "" '
: Hopland &
7:30 am I 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 PM 6:23 PM
7-30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneviUs. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm! 6:23 pm
7:30 ah 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm ; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm '
7:30 AM 8:00 AMI RebaatoDol 1 10:4 ° AM 1 10:2 1 ) AM
3:3opm;6:oopml SebMtopol> I 6:10 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at GeyservUle for Slca«rirs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and .bakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Back-
null's, Sanbedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuietg Cahto, Co-
veto. Laytonvlile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond San Rafael at half ra««»
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle tratldln*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
l'res. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgeaL
Atlantic *||||||ir%
RAILROAD hSKsESE
Trains leave auJ tvrriva «t HBSSMWWwHw
JSarkei-Btreet Ferry. MB^^S
SASTA FE EXPRESS. W&M
To Chicago via A. & P.f%g3%ggfeo\JTjt|
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. m., carrvlnr Pullman Palao*i
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Toucl*]^-
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through 10 Chioa««
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and St.
Louis.
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave every
li e*day.
The best railway from California to the Bash
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Marks!
St.. Chronicle Id ing. Telephone Mala
l£>3i. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
iOKTU PACIFIC COAST RAILEOAB
CTlsv bausalito Ferry).
9nm Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& l*»»>
WKKJCDAT^
Far Kill Valley and San Rafael— *7 l3s,
11-00 a. x.: *I:*s, 3:45, •6:16. •5:45.«J:30 /.»
Extra trips far Ban Rafael on Mondays, Weda«»
Aayaand Saturdays at 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS.
For MOI Valley »nd San Rafael— •B:oo, •10:01
•11:30 a. X. : •l-.SO, 3:00, *4:30. 6:16 ». M.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way sta:ions-7;S» a. *.
Weekdays, 8:03 a. x. Sundays, 1:45 ■ M. »*iu»
kit Caiadero and way stations— T :2ft a. «. vt-««i»
tm Caiadero and way station*— 7 :2s A, a. mm
tNrsi 1*45 r. M. Sacordaya,
JlOlfi' TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North. a ,i«.
Coast Kail road. * aclfl*
WEEK DAYS— leaves. F. 9:11 a. M. 1-4.% - w
Returning— Arrive S. r". 3:25 p. m. 6*20 »' «
SUNDAYS— Lee veS.F. BAM 11:30 a. m i"3u\,lr
Returning— Arrive h.F.I :15 p.m. 4:20 p m 7 : xs ■•«*
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ' ° '""
TUOs. COOK A !-ONs<, 6-21 Market st, S. v
If IU Valley and Mount ramalpaia bc*uic liaUvrij>
the nas FRiJWO lusiij^oi
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAIY
FwS, M ru J n A RY3I ' 1897 ' K»Wr train.
bo 7 n .^ u f I^'l 0 , 113 - Nortkboand,
lif^vrp^:;:::;;;^^
11.SUA M Fresno ::: "--i^i
• Vor lntermMlate stations see tlmo-tabfe.
Connecting steamboats of the r tc 1 r c#v
leave Ban Francisco and ssosktoaat OE^daUy.NO SPARE COIN
FOR CHARITY
Only Two Years of Fancy
Salaries for the County
Officers.
Why the Municipal League
Should Have Indorsed the
Park Project.
Except to the Regular Politician the
Municipal Campaign Is Very
Dull.
Oakt.anb Office Pax Francisco Calx,,*
908 Broadway, Feb. 14. j
The cutting, down of the salaries of
county officials cannot help but have a
good effect. For several year* legislators
have been pledged to economy and have
thrown their pledges to the wind. A dele
gation four years ago pledged to economy
actually added to the cost of this county.
While the work in the several offices is
much about the same, and involves about
trre same amount of responsibility, the
salaries under the plan cf appropriating a
Jump sum for each department has been
bo varied that while one man cleared
£ j2600 a year, another would clear not less
1 ;ian $10,000.
The argument is now made that the
saiaries allowed are such as would be paid
under the same conditions in the com
mercial world, and tnis is what they
• .-nould be. There is, however, one thing
4o be considered, tnat so long as the fancy
. salaiies are no longer the legitimate prey
of office-holders they must not be ci
• pected to nave an open purse from which
all manner of political and jihilanthroDic
ringers can be tilled at random.
Under the new regime this much con
sideration must be shown. But it is as
'well to bear in mind that the new sched
ule does not affect the present incumbent,
so the retrenchment will have no excuse
to commence until the next board of
county officers assume their duties in 1899.
The Merchants' Exchange is consider
ing a plan to advertise Oakland to the
world. All kinds of schemes have been
placed befora them, but the desired end
has not been gained, and the complaint is
still made that in the different parts of
.the country it is difficult to learn any
thing of Alameda County.
At this time when the matter of public
parks is leing agitated the desire of the
Merchants' Exchange to let outside States
know of Oakland is very timely. Tnou
sanos of people have heard of the beauty
of Golden Gate Park who know nothing
in detail of the City of San Francisco, and
should Oakland acquire an immense pub
lomain and show some liberality in
adorning it it would do far more to' ad
vertise this city than will be done in many
years by sending out pamphlets contain
ing matter of varied degrees of excellence.
It is to be regretted that the Municipal
League in the platform which it framed
at its convention two woeks ago should
■brave thrown cold water on the scheme to
acquire parks. Nothing can be accom
plished in any city wnen the leading
mercantile bodies are opposed by a reform
political movement o/ which better things
. might reasonably be expected. The league
. platform, while it did not so state, con-
L veyud more than a hint that the scheme
f to provide a public park might develop
into a job by which some one might bene
fit. It is absolutely certain that a large
. acreage of property will not be "found"
anywhere and cannot be acquired except
by purchase, and as it is equaliy certain
tnat the matter will have to be submitted
to the people at a special election before
bonds can be issued for the purchase it
can reasonably be inferred that any 'job"
would be unearthed long before it was un
.loaded on the people.
A park of fifty acres that could be
reached by the many electric roads now
• running out to the foothills would do
more to advertise Oakland and attract
people to this city ti.an the sending out of
any'amountof statistical literature.
The average citizen of Oakland is now
- thoroughly surfeited with politics, and
never was a municipal campaign launched
in a quieter manner than tbe one now
suDposed to be waging.
"What with primaries, conventions and
• elections, the city has been disturbed
since last August, and the commercial
element views with immense satisfaciion
the fact that after March 8 there will be at
least a year and a half before politics
again- disturb normal conditions.
At the preient lime, outside of the same
old company with whom politics means
bread and butter, the interest in the local
■ campaign is very smali. The great ma
jority of voters have already decided upon
their choice, and it is a matter of some
difficulty to get a reasonable attendance
at campaign meetings. As a matter of
fact, politics has become somewhat of a
farce on local lines. Each element is di
vided, and even the solid Republican front
shown last November does not exist la the
present conflict.
The whole Republican ticket is certainly
worthy of support, and if the Republicans
themselves desire it they could, of course,
elect it from top to bottom. Judging by
the present outlook, however, there will
be some serious breaks, and unless great
discretion is exercised by tbe body politic
/ ; ere will be a repetition during the next
J^ ~> years of the municipal farce that has
TT£;;raced the City Hail during the term
. now so r.ear its close.
Auditor Snow has issued a report which
is sorhewhat remarkable inasmuch an
there is no item in any of the departments
charged to '•sundries." Jn this connec
tion he made the following explanation a
lew days ago: "When I rim took office,"
said the Auditor, "I had considerable dif
fjculty in knowing just what people spent.
The report- from the different depart
ments would come to me and the largest
item would be sundries. I gave the boys
a hint and told them that I would not
audit any more accounts for sundries, and,
although there may have been a diminu
tion in the number of cigars smoked
around the ball and in the strength of the
' jer.umoon official handkerchiefs, there
lias also beer, a diminution of the expense
of the various departments; and after an
f.xperiencp of eight years I feel that I can
truthfully say that this city is supplied by
contractors on as honest and economical
a basis as any city in the Union."
Stuart W. Booth.
SMILIE EXPLAINS.
Ua.* No Desire to Obstruct the Valley
Kail way Knat«.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.— Robert
Smilie of Oakland, who was referred to in
an article published in Thz Cam. of yes
terday, has prepared the following state
ment for publication:
t Editor Morning Call, San Francisco: For the
■ m rpoi>e of giving a lair statement of condl
■W His a* they exist in t:ie right-of-way affairs
<&t ■ the San Francisco and San Joftquin Valley
. tllroad, i W i ß h to give a brief outline of our
position in this matter.
I consider myself unjustly attacked by the
writer of me article on the above subject in
your columns of to-day. Allow me to state
our position in thin matter from the beginning.
Our company is the owner of 580 acres of
land, with improvements which have cost us,
•with interest, upward of $200,000. The right
of way runs diagonally across our land a little
v#-«t of center of section. We nave been to
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
considerable expense Irvine to get a change of
survey which would move the road about 700
feet west of present survey. By making this
change'the road would run across on* quarter
of section and leave two quarters almost in
tact.
1 ™as given to understand by authority of
the comj any's chief engineer and managing
directors at all times since our first interview,
which was last August, that if the right of
way would not cost more on the quarter angles
thai they would make ti.e ci.anpe. I have
canvassed the distance and have demonstrated
thnt'the change of line would make a consid
erables aviug In the liurcliat- of right of way
over land not ownei by our company, and
agreed for my company to give a half interest
in eighty ncres, to be used for toivn-slie pur
poses, and a free right of way across our place,
■which would be over a mile in length. .
1 have been given to understand in the last
few days that they will not consent to the
moving of survey as intended, but propose to
run on the line which causes us much damage,
and further want a right of way 100 feet wide,
with the privilege of removing trees andvines
and of making burrow pits to procure earth to
grade high enough to clear irrigating ditches
; which are above the general level of the land.
We proposed to them either to syphon the
ditches or briug in earth to build up their
proposed grade. This requirement we cannot
consider a $7000 Improvement to our place, i
On the other hand, making burrow pits
.would cause much more than that amount In
damage to our property, and would leave a
perpetual nuisance in the form of weeds and
stagnant water. We have not given a price as
much as we consider the damage on the pres
ent proposed line, and hare directed our en
ergies to trying to make the damage less to our
property and cheapen the right or way for the
railrond company. As this property Is situ
ated between two lines, with a station four
miles and another six miles to the west, and
our products are all for Eastern shipment, wo
cannot consider ourselves benefited as much
as many that have properly a greater distance
from stations. Your re:erenie to the feeling of
Fresnoltes J cannot give connderr.tion. as it is
well known ihat they have uot paid for what
they have received from us. As evidence of
this 1 hold an unpaid judgment against that
county of over $3000. Yours respectfully,
Robert Smilik.
BOXING AT PLEASANTON.
A Clergyman Asks the Trustees
to Pro ibit Such Exhi
bitions.
Pub ie Opinion in the Town Seems
to Be About Even'.y
Divided.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,]
903 Broadway, Feb. 14. j
Some well-known sporting men have ar
ranged for a prizefight at PJeasanton, and
the auiet little town does not intend to
allow it if it can be helped. The Trustees
are not unanimous on the advisability ot
stopping the tight, which has been the ab
sorbine topic of conversation in the town
for two weeks. A special meeting cf the
Trustees failed to accomplish anything.
A petition against prize-fightinc; being
allowed in the town has been drawn up
by Rev. Mr. Wilson of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, Charles White, Philip
Kolb, C. H. Wise, George Detjens and J.
N. Arendt, and It has numerous signa
tures.
Trustee Martin does not think any
action should be taken. He says there is
no town law governing prize-fights and he
can see "no harm in a colored ruau and a
white man battering each other for the
amusement of a crowd.that likes that kind
of sport." I
Mr. Gray, another Tiustee, takes a dif
ferent view of tho matter, and Trustee
Hortenstine would like to stop prize
righting, but cannot quite see the way.
The matter will be decided at the next
meetinp of the Trustees.
The affair that is creating such a dis
turbance is the Turner-Nichol contest be
fore the Antelope Athletic Club next
Wednesday.
FRATERNAL VISITORS.
Head Consul F. A. Falkenburg and
Party Arrive and Will Be Offi
cially Keceived To-Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.— F. A. Falk
enburg, head consul of the Woodmen of
the World, of Denver. Colo., arrived last
evening and is at the Arlington. He will
make that his home for the next six weeks
while he visits the camps of the organiza
tion around the bay. With the cendeman
is his wife, daughter, his private secretary
and governess.
While the camp is in session Mrs. Falk
etiburg will be tendered a reception by the
wives and sweethearts of the members of
the c:imp, in the dining-rooms of the Ar
lington.
WILL BRAVE IT AGAIN.
Young Christiana Will Hold Their
Postponed Parade Next Tuesday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 14. J
The following orders to govern the
parade of young people's church societies
next Tuesday night were issued to-day :
All societies shouid meet at the First M. E.
Church promptly at 7 o'clock. The Methodist
society will assemble In the north gallery and
the Mizpah in the west gallery. The First
Baptist society will assemble on the west side
of the lower floor, with the Tenth-avenue
Baptist society in their rear. Any other Bap-
Urn organization represented will oacupy the
Beats in the back portion of the nouse on
that side.
The First Presbyterian Society will assemble
in the Iront ana center of the house with the
Volunteer Society occupying the position Im
mediately in their rear. The Second Presby
terian Society will take the seats in the back
center. All other societies will occupy the
seats on the east side under the gallery. All
Junior societies are requested to assemble in
the rear of their jounjr people's societies, In
charge of their sui erintenaonts.
Itio formation will be by fours and every
president is hereby requested to see that his
banner api.ears at the front of hia society,
and that they march by fours. The following
order will be observed:
Pastors, officers of Oakland City Union, offi
cers of otner unions, drum corps. First M. X
Society. First M. K. Jr. Society, First M. E.
Mizpah .Society, other Methodists, First Bap
tist society, First Baptist Jr. Society. Tenth
avenue Society other Baptists, First Presby
terian Society First Presbyterian Volunteer
Society, Second Presbyterian Society, other
Presbyterians, Congregational societies, all
other organizations. '
Active Grand Arn.r Men.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. H._The Army
and Navy Republican League ha^ issued
the following:
A mass meetfng has been called to meet at
army and navy headquarters. 474476 Fichth
street, Oakland, to-morrow, Sunday afternoon
February 14 at 2 o'clock, to consider the que I
tion of turning over the Veterans' Home at
Younm.leto tne State of California and we
want you to be there, and do not falL '
The graveness and importance of the ques
tion to be considered warrants holding the
meeting on Sunday. Later in the week would
be too late. This meeting is non-political and
affects every old soldier.
The impression has gone abroad that the
opposition to this bill Is confined to Lyon
Post of Oakland, find that it is me outgrowth
of the charges made by that post last sprinir
against the management of the home which
is not the fact.
The opposition comes from the Grand Army
men generally. The Committee.
Single-Tax Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.—Single-tax
ers will be interested in hearing the ad
dress of Joseph Leggett of San Francisco
who will suealc before the Oakland Single^
Tax Club at Hamilton if all next Tuesday
evening. This is the regular public meet
ing of the cJub, ana some of the members
will also speak.
Lecture to Young Men.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.— Dr. Mun
hall, the evangelisi, delivered an address
this afternoon at the Macdonough The
aier to young men. The revival will con
tinue for some weeks yet and on Tuesday
evening the march of young Christians
will take place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1597.
SAYS HELLFIRE IS
ALL A FICTION
Wendte's Criticism of Re- j
ligion as Taught in
Oakland Churches.
Salvationists and Seventh-Day
Adventists Ccme Within •
Its Scope.
Ha Declares That the Union Revival j
Acts Most on Weak
Intellects
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) ,
908 Broadway, Feb. 14. )
. Dr. C. W. Wendte's announcement that
he would handle fearlessly the doctrine
of fear and hell as taught in the Oakland
churches was fully justified this morning.
The Unitarian divine delivered an address
that will rank as one of the most remark
able ever heard from a local pulpit.
With only a few personal references, Dr.
Wendte forcibly attacked the revival now
in progress in this city, defended Pro
fessor Jordan, answered Dr. Munhall's re
cent references to Voltaire, and made a
casual allusion to other creeds, including
the Seventh-day Adventists and Salva
tion Army.
Dr. Wendte opened his address with a
description of the two distinct portraits of
Christ found in the New Testament — one
the avenging Christ of Revelations, the
other the loving Christ of the gospels —
and be declared that any attempt to
reconcile the two must of necessity be
futile and farcical. After defining the
two great schools of Christian thought as
those of fear and of love, he said:
It is a curious and suggestive fact that two
Sundays ago a dramatic version of the parable
of tne Foolish Virgins was rendered in Hie
chancel of a Protestant church in San Frau
ciico. I'oung girls from the congregation,
suitably arrayed, fmpertonated the unhappy
victims and rent the air with the'.r anguish at
finding the door shut against them. This was
one of the favorite miracle plays of the middle
ages.
In the local case the devil and his imps were
indeed wanting, but were probably supplied
in the sermon of the minister, who improved
the opportunity, the gas being turned down,
to impress upon his hearers the awful nature
of divine judgment and the terrible danger to
which their obduracy exposed them.
It is the simple truth to My that to-day, as
in former times, fear is the sentiment most
appealed to in the prevailing churches.
The revival now in progress iv Oakland Is a
striking confirmation o: the statement. To
show the necessity of salvation Dr. Munhall,
the revivalist, pictures hell In the most cross
and materialistic fashion, as a literal Jake of
fire and brimstone, and seeks to terrify his
hearers into an acceptance of the terms of
grace. Verily, he has his reward. Youug
people, whose imagination is more keenly de
veloped than their reason, and all who feel,
but do nut think, are agitated and alarmed.
Even if not fully convinced they respond to
his sophistical pleading to be on the safe side,
or are carried away by the excitement sur
rounding them. lean imagine a revival based
on charity toward our neighbor and an eternal
hoi for all, but a revival based on mac's cow
urdly fears and selfish hopes I have little re
spect for. I admit that It corresponds to some
elements In human nature, especially in its
', earlier stages of moral and spiritual develop
ment. The feebler in intellect, the weaker in
will a man is, thb more powerful will be the
dominion of fear over his Imagination and
conscience. A higher development of his
mental and moral powers is required, ere he
can rise superior to the tremors of his flesh, the
morbid fancies of his imagination, and breathe
the purer atmosphere of faith, hope and love.
Unquestionably, the notion of Jesus as an
angry and implacable judge of the world is I
foreign to the real spirit of the gospel. It is i
to be found chiefly in the book of Revelations, j
which, in Lie opinion of leading critics of the j
new and rising school of biblical science, is '
either a Jewish apocalyptical writing, re
vamped and directed against Nero and other '
persecutors of the early Christian?, or else Is I
a palpable imitation. of later Jewish scripture !
like the books of Daniel. Krdras and others.
Yet this religion of fear is preached daily in I
our midst. The Salvation Army makes It its
main reliance in its religious work, or would,
but for the great human loving heart in its
rank and tile. This overcomes even its harsh
doctrine and symbols of war and bloodshed,
symbols which, in themselves, are so foreign
to a true Christianity.
The Seventh Day Adventists are a most ex
cellent people, but their doctrine of Christ
and the last judgment Is not based on the
gospel of Jesus, but on a Jewish-Christian per
version of his character and teachings.
The prevailing spirit in Oakland churches
should be joy and not fear, hope and not de
spair. No man was ever truly converted by
iear. Hell is a fiction of theologians, an in
vention of - priests, a "scare-head" of revival
ists. Let this "rawhead and bloody bones" of
theology, as Historian Aleor calls it, be rele
gated to deserved and odious oblivion.
DEVILS SURPASS MAN.
Professor Bacon on the The
ology of Evil
Spirits.
Ha Says There Is No Virtue in a
Belief in th? Unity of
God
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 14.— Professor
Thomas R. Bacon of the State University
preached to the Unitarians in Stiles' HalJ
this morning on the text, "Thou believeth
that there is one God; thou doest well;
the devil also believes and trembles. But
wi It thou know, O vain man, that faith
without works is dead !"'
"Devils seem to be great theologians at
times," said Professor Bacon. "At the
perioa when James wrote the wonis of the
text the belief in the unity of God was a
rare one, but it appears that the dcv.l had
grajped it, not merely one or a few of
them, but all. We do not really know
a grt-at deal about the devils. Only in the
Bible do we learn that they exist and then
our information is vague.
"All is inference and conjecture beyond
the simple fact that they exist — that
somewhere in the moral universe are dis
eniimdied spirits given over to evil.
"Unhampered by ihe obscurations of the
flesh such beings would naturally be ac
quainted with spiritual truth». They
Know that God is one as a fact and as eas
ily as we see and know thai gra«-s is green.
Doubtless the theology of the devil is
tar more accurate than that of any men.
"Qur knowledge that God is one is little
to our credit. Our fathers found it out
long ago and handed it down to us as the
multiplication table or the fact of the
rotundity of the earth."
Professor Bacon announced that the
pulpit would be occupied next Sunday by
Professor Griggs of Stanford and that Dr.
Altrer, the new pastor of the church, is
expected to arrive during the following
week.
Kan Over and Killed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 14.— A man
known as "Indian Thomas" was killed by
ttie Livermore Jocal train at Pleasanton
this evening. Thomas was one of the best
known characters in that neighborhood,
and had lived there for many years. It is
not known bow be came to be on tbe
I track. The case was reported to Coroner
Baldwin, who will hold an inquest to
morrow afterncon.
SCORE SENATOR BEARD.
{ He Kills the Annexation Scheme of the
Knclnal City Fathers in the
Senate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 14.— The citizens
! of this place are wrathy over the action of
\ Senator Beard of Warm Springs, and they
believe that he gives them good cause
I to be.
On the north side of the city, situated
along the southern shore of the tidal
canal, is a strip of land thirty feet in
j width, known as Harrison street. It i
I not down on the original city grant, be
longs to no one seemingly, and if any on
has jurisdiction over it it is the Board o
I Supervisors.
The city applied to the Legislature fo
|an enabling act to annex it. There being
j no inhabitants on it an election could not
I be held.
Assemblyman Waymire introduced the
bill in the House and requested Senator
, Beard to do likewise in the Senate. He
[expressed his willingness, and up to the
j first of last week it was supposed that he
j had. But one of the city oilicials", on look
ing the matter up, found that the biil was
not there. Bear lis said to have declar
, that the City Trustees could go where it
' never freezes.
The only hope the bill now has of pass-
Ime is in the shape of sn emergency
! measure, and as it is not probable that
any such action will be taken Harrison
j street must remain out in the cold another
j two years.
Company G Wlnn.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 14.— The target
, Horses of Trocp Falling to Fir:, and Wall-Scaling Exercise*
Frcm H'irjier's Week'y.-
j match between a picked team of fifteen of j
i Company F, Oakland, and Company G of
: this city was won by the latter this ruorn
| ing on the High-street erounds by seven
i points. The men shooting and the scores
were as follow-:
Compauy F— Captain Wcthreu 39, Lleuten
, ant Winkb 39, Lieutenant CobblcriicK 42. Pri
i vate Kennedy 39, I'arsons 38. Hlakel. y li).
Wels :>.7. Hanson 41, Carae* 29. Travis 41,
| CovaU4l. Sears 33, Mriiiuniss39, Swansoii 30,
I Leot:atd 39. Total, 546.
Company G— Captain Simpson 42. Lieu'ten
l ant Pickett 41, Major Hayes3B, Sergeant Whit
i tick 41, Sergeant l>ay 40, Sergeant Harvey :>(»,
{-Musician La Due 88. Musician Wolsen 32, I'ri
; vate Russell 40, Huff 38, Masteu 37, Browning
I 36, Higby3s, Riehl 32, Born 2ti. Total, 553.
A New Faper To- Hay.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 14.— The Ala
meda Daily Evening Encinal, which was
i established September 16, 1869, by F. K.
; Krauth, was published for the last time
| yesterday afternoon. To-morrow George
1 F. Weeks, the new editor and proprietor,
; wiil present to the subscribers of the old
paper the Daily Encinal, an eight-page
j paper, printed on a new prens and from
I entirely new type. The appearance of the
sheet wiil be entirely different and all of
the latest general, State, county and local
news will oe fonnd in its columns.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
T. F. Bonnet and K. Malouey Defeat
K. L.lnehan mid M. J.
Kilgalion.
Handball enthusiasts crowded the Ban
Francisco court yesterday, as several in
teresting games had been scheduled. The
event of the day was a gome in which T.
F. Bonnet and E. Maioney played against
R. Linehan, the overhand swlper, and M.
J. KiUal'.on. Bonnet played agreat game
and he and bi3 partner won the final by
three aces.
M. McNeil and Phil Ryan disapDointed
their friends. They had been boasting
about their ability to vanquish any team
in their class, and Robert fchea and George
McDonald took up the challenge. Ryan
and McNeil were not in it from the ?tart
and Shea and McDonald defeated them in
three straight games.
This morning at 11 o'clock Jim Corbett
and M. J. Kilpailon will play a game in
the San Francisco court against J. C. Nea
lon and Al Hampton, which should be
well worth seeing.
Owing to the wet weather there were no
games at the Union court yesterday.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco court:
Robert Shea and O. McDonald defeated M
McNeilland P. Ryan, 21-1, 21— 19, 21— 16 :
J. J. Ilogan and M. Batten defeated George Ma
gufre and J. Foley, 21—10.17—21,21—6; E.
Edwards and K. Curley defeated M. McClure
and W. Sianabury, 21—9, 12—21, 21—10;
Thomas Ryan and W. Darius defeated J
Brown and P. Barry, 21—16, 7—21, 21—13; J.
11 inze and Jean Vop< leant? defeated D. O'Brien
and C. Callahan, 21—10, B—2l, 21—15; R
Murphy and Ed Toy deieated J. Lawless and
M. Edward*, 21—16, 10—21, 21—14, 21—16-
E. Maioney and T. F. Bonnet deioated R. Line
han and M. J. KilgalLoo, 16—21, 21— i)
21—12. 10—21, 21—18; P. Hutchinson and M*
MeClure defeated P. Kelly and J. Pendercast
21-9. 18-21. 21-16. h '
The Land of L,ong Ago.
This evening at 8 o'clock Rev. Haskett Smith
will give his second lecture in the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, at 8 o'clock, on "The
Land of Long Ago; Where the Pharaohs Lived
Reigned, Died and Are Buried." Thii lecture
will be among the most interesting of toe
series, and many beautiful views obtained
during Mr. Smith's travels In this strange
land will be thrown on the canvas.
TO CIBK A IOI.U IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money v it (alls to care. 25c'
GRAND MILITARY
TOURNAMENT NEXT
Preparing for a Great Con
test at the Presidio
Post.
Many Novel Events That Will
Be Presented by the
Soldiers.
Officers Who Are on the List to Be
Retired for Old Age-A New
Undress Cap
A military tournament and athletic
contest for troops serving in the Depart- :
ment of California will be held this year
at the Presidio of San Francisco in the ,
month of April, beginning on the third !
Monday and continuing in the afternoons
until completed. A prosran'tne showing
definitely t lie events ami their order will
be published later. Suitable medals, j
prizes and tropnies will be awarded to
winners.
In addition there will be post contests
j one day in each month, the next of which
Will be held at the Presidio on Wednes i:iv
next, when -a programme of events will be
: made up from a list of 107 prepared at j
headquarter?. These embrace athletics, j
t-ymnaatics and military.
When an individual has won an event
twice at the same post he is to be called
an expert athlete in that event and given
a bronze medal. He is thereafter de
j barred from competing, except with his
i own class. The man who rirst qualities in
an event at post will be the champion
< athlete of that post in that event, but will
be so only so long as he can defeat the
men of his own class in subsequent post
contests. When a champion leaves a post
a new championship is declared.
For the tournament in April there will
be entries from all the posts in the depart
ment. The events will be conducted
under the direction of Captain James S.
I'ittir, First Infantry; First Lieutenant
J. M. Neall, Fourth Cavalry; Lieutenant
! R. C. Croxton, FiVst Infantry; Lieuten-
I ant F. J. Wilson, Third Artillery; Lieu
tenant Leon S. Roudiez, First Infantry,
: and Lieutanaut J. F. Bell, Seventh Cay-
I airy, aid.
The tournament will include many
events that will prove novel to the civil
ians. They come under the head of mili
tary contests. Ttiere will be tent-pitching,
tent-3triking. litter- bearing, hasty en
trenching, blank-cartridge race, bayonet
race, equipment race, wall-scaling, shelter
tent, mounted gymnastics, mounted
wrestling, mounted tu^-of-war, rescue
race, dead-body rescue, mounted skirmish
contest, spare-wheel race, section contest
and drivers' contest.
Wall-scaling is done by men in light
marching order, between teams consist
ing of ■ non-commissione d officer and four
men. Teams to stand at mark twenty
feet from wall, fully firmed and equipped.
Wooden wall, ten feet high, clo'-e-jointed,
with cap-piece tour inches wide. Maga
zine of each rifle to be loaded with rive
blank cartridges. Entire team to get
over with arms, clothing and equip
ments and fall in at mark twenty
feet from wall, with equipments ad
justed, in position of soldier, pieces at an
"Order." Five shots to bs fired, by first
! man who >>ees over wail, at a supposed
enemy, before «ny man becomes exposed
on toi«; the first man who reaches top to
lire five more, while sitting thereon; the
other fifteen shots to be fired from greund
on other side by the three remaining
members of team; the non-commissioned
officer and each member to fire tire shots,
and no more, during maneuver.
Then the rescue race is by mounted men
to rescue comrades whose hiJrses have
been killed. Teams of two men each; No.
1 of each team to stand, mounted at
•cratch, armed with revolver in holster, J
flap-buttoned, and five blank cartridges in j
belt; No. 2 to crouch behind thrown horse, j
100 yards away, having carbine in hand,
with five blank cartridges in magazine. I
At signal, No. 1 to draw pistol, load five |
chambers of cylinder, then race to No. 2, i
emptying his pistol as he goes at supposed j
enemy beyond. No. 2 to magazine fire
(^five more shots) over hone, none to be
fired except when horse is down. After
each has fired five shots, No. 2 to abandon
horse, mount behind No. 1, and thus re
turn to scratch, botn bringing their arms
with them.
The race to determine who is the cham
pion sprinter of the regular army in this
City took place yesterday over a wet
j course and in the rain. The distance was
| 100 yards and the contestants were Private
| Raines from Fort Mason and Private
i Puckett ot the Presidio post, both ail
round athletes ami first-class sprinters.
The match was won by Raines in 10 2-5
I seconds. This is remarkably good time,
! for the best professional record for that
I distance under the most favorable con
»*..". . _in_^ ' f\** ' ' m^ I - ' '*
Auction Sales
GROCERY A\D_LI(|IOR SALE. '
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday lohruriry 10, 1897,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1234-36 Pacific St. , Cor. I.eavcmvortli,
WE WILL SELL.,..
THE STOCK OF VK.VNEKOHL BROS.,
INSOLVENTS,
CONSISTING OF
High-grade Groceries. Imported ' Liquors and
Wines, CJlassware, Crockery, Woodenware, Wil-
lowware, Agate and Tin Waie, Brooms, Counters,
Showcases, Caddies. 1 National Cash Hegister,
Scales, scoops, etc.; 1 Business Bum,
We will continue iht sale every day until stock
is dlsnosed of. and the goods will bs sold In lots to I
suit the trade as well as private buyers. It is one
or the cleanest and freshest stocks ever sold at
auction, and there Is no limit nor reserve. .
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
H. J. LEUTIIOI.TZ, Audio leer, opp. 1057 ilkt.
i
i
I
ditions is 9 3-5 seconds. Twenty dollars
was put up on the result and there were
many side bets by friends of both men.
The men at the Presidio Post are not
pleased with tho order that says that they
shall not play ball at the post on Sunday,
and in order to pitch and catch they
must now go to Golden Gate Park.
The board of examiners has had a num
ber of sessions, examining officers sent be
fore it for examination for promotion.
The old gun mounds that were at the
western end of the Presidio parade
ground are being removed.
The following named generals are to be
p aceil on the retired li«tduring theenrrent
year: M:iicr General, Thomas H. Ruger,
April 2; Brigadier-General Frank Whea
ton. May 8; and Adjutant-General George
D. Rubles, September 2.
A new undress cap, recommended by
the quartermaster-general, has been sub-
mitted to General Miles. It haa been sug
gested that the eagie or the coat of arms
of the United State > of metal be used,
instead of embroidery now used. The cap
is to be lined with haircloth, which will
make it perfectly rigid, and it is to be half
an inch higher than the one now in use.
It has also been suggested that the visor,
instead of being forty degrees from the
horizontal, shall be thirty degrees from
the vertical. It has also been suggested
that the arm of the service and the rank
of the officer shall be indicated on the cap
by white braid for infantry, yellow for
cavalry and red for artillery.
A bill amending a section of the civil
William T. Raines, Champion
Sprinter.
service Jaw in the interest of those who
served in the army or navy of the United
States has passed in the House. It pro
vides that preferences in appointments to
the civil service of the United States shall
be given to the persons and in the order
herein designated, namely: First, to per
sons honorably disc arged from the mili
tary or naval service of the United States
by reason of aisability resulting from
wounds or sickness incurred in the line of
duty; second, to persons honorably dis
charged from the naval and military ser
vice of the United States in the war of the
CASTOR! A
>, For Infants and Children.
tisiiit XV s/I?s> „ " ie as
i*?J -~™Syy. Sy<t&£<4t£ jam.
DISSOLUTION SALE.
Monday, the 15th iff of February, 1897
At 11 o'clock a. m., a;
1057 MARKET STREET. OPP. JONES,
By mutual agreement. we the undersigned. B.
M. KlMsall and H. J. i entho'.tz doing business as
auctioneers under the firm name of Indiana Auc-
tion Company, hereby acree to sell a: public auc-
tion above named business, consisting of (•to. k on
Hand Fixtures, Good Will and Book Accounts.
Inventory will be for Inspection at our office Mon-
day morning rrom 8 • o'clock. It not sold as a
whole the stocK will be sold piecemeal. ■
Any and all bills against Indiana Auction Com-
pany, B. M. Birdsall or 11. .1. Leutbolit we request
be sent to our office, where they will be paid.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
B. M. BIRDSALL. H. J. IjKUTHOLTZ.
P. J. BARTn, AUCTIONEER.
RETIRING AUCTION SALE OF JAPANESE
1 : .-; ;■•[■ • BAMBOO FURNITURE, > v|
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday .>..... ........ . February .10, 1897,
On the premises,
©OS LARKIN STREET
Commencing at 2 and 7:30 p. m., and continuing
dail- umil all Is sold.
By order of A. KAWASAKI I wiii sell, without
reserve, the above Elegant and Artistic Furnl-.nre,
consisting of Jables, screens, stools, Chais In
prpat variety, De>ks, Hal Trees, Brackets of all
Kinds. This Is a large stock nnd will be sold in
lots to suit purchasers. Dealers requested loattond.
I*. J. is v liln, Auctioneer.-
rebellion and widows of such honorably
discharged persons; provided, that as to
botii classes they are found to possess the
business capacity necessary for the proper
discharge of the dutiex of such offices.
isripnii;er-Genoral William P. CraigUM,
Chief of Engineers of the army, who, by
operation of Jaw would have been retired
on the Ist of next July, voluntarily re
tired on the Ist inst. His motive for s >
doiner was that he did not wish to be re
tired for age. as that mi^ht interfere with
him if he should de=ire to obtain a posi
tion in civil life.
Colonel John M. "Wilson was named as
his possible successor. He was at one
time superintendent of the Military Acad
emy. ___________
NEW SHOOTING GROUNDS
A Very Picturesque Spot Se
lected by the Olympic
Gun Club.
A Trial Shoot-Getting Ready for a
Tournament— Electricity Ap
plied to Traps.
Preliminary to a two-day open-to-ail
bluerocfc and live-bird tournament to bo
given, beginning next Sunday, by the
Olympic Gun Club, a number of members
braved the rain and went out to Ingleaide
yesterday to have a first shoot and trial on
the club's new grounds.
Picturesque is exactly the word tbat de
scribes the new grounds. They are the first
for live-bird shooting in San Francisco,
and are naturally as fine as can be found
in this country. Both the bluerock and
live-bird sections command a view ol Lake
Merced and the Pacific Ocean. Two bulk
heads, score boxes, platforms and traps
are in, and a shed has been erected for the
shelter and convenience of marksmen.
"The tangle shot pull," an electric con
trivance for the release of traps, was tried
the first time yesterday at the grounds.
This is the invention of Thomas R. Bar
ney of the Olympic Club and it the first
practical application of electricity to live
bird traps in the United States. Trie
shooter has no knowledge of which one of
five or any number of traps Is going to be
released, and it further prevents possibil
ity of collusion. A nian stands behind
the shooters, and by levers on a sort of a
dial arrangement releases the traps. It
worked yesterday to perfection. In the
forenoon there was a little live-bird shoot
ing, but no attempt at scores was made.
In tne afternoon the following scores at
bluerocks were made:
Otto Feidiier 12, A. Blank 6, Kaurman 11,
Neustadter 7, E. Schultz 5, Fred Feudner 9,
Whitney 11, Grant 8, F. Schullz 8, E. A. Shult*
4. Wagner 11, Wiegel 5, Aldenon 10. O'Don
nell 3, F. Forster 11, Allen 5, Fanning 11,
Haijrht 11, Owens 14, A. Blanit 11, Grant 7, O.
Foudner 7, Alderton 10, Shaw 13.
♦— ♦ — ■»
FOND OF LIQUOR.
Charles Bnrke, a Tounp Sailor, Ar
rested for burglary.
Charles Burke, a sailor, 20 years of age,
was arrested yesterday by Policemen Ryan
and ODea on a warrant charging him
with burglary.
The complaining witness is Augnst An
derson, saloon-Keeper, 24 Howard stieet.
Anderson alleges that on Sunday night,
February 7, Burke and two friends took
him home, as he had imbibed too much
liquor. They pat him to bed and Burke
took $4 out c f . his pockets and his keys.
The three then went to the saloon, opened
it and stole nine gallons of whisky, six
boxes of cigars and emptied four kegs of
beer.
The police are searching for Burkes two
companions.
. — • — •
Friend* of the Foreit.
I-ast Tuesday Pioneer Parlor had several Initia
tions. Pioneer and Lincoln parlors are making
arrangements for a joint party to be given In
March.
' NEW TO-DAT.
filNk . In winter, when *!Sz
l$L<M , the body needs J> & rjfes
M^S warmth within to .f&gs\
W^y resist the cold from $§|^>
fe)l^ : without, a cup of ■'' £*]SI
|i| GhirardellPs td&
&£ Ground '":RS
HeS Chocolate «pf
will be found in- S^W
ftiy'* valuable. It pos- Vilit
/£$ sesses virtues all its %M+J)
(rTtm own— freshness and £££/
Fjfj own — iresnness and 7* y j£l
jajßpo absolute purity— $^&$
<s^*y thus being far richer t^«^
$$]&> and more nutritious s~2^£
(Km^ than others. $J§^9
f^t[ ALL GROCERS ''v®
/^^X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
$n<"nßsl 9 2^* KEAKSf V ST. EstnblUhed
a J>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<)2r>Ki:ABSYKT. Established
in l«U.4fi.rtlu>tr<'Htmeutof Private
XL Jjr ■EAf I Hsenan, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*SES >':i->':isH\veiiriug(iiibodyandniiii>land
vniln^ Bkin r> ' > * -' l doctor cures when
«tV^fW^l otbe ' - Try him. Charges low.
ICamjaaraniird. Callorwrit6L
Or. J. v. uiBBOS. Box 1937. San i'ri*ncisc%
910
WILL WORK HARD
FOR LABOR'S LAWS
Union Delegates Discuss
Proposed Legislative
Acts.
Roast Certain Legislators and
Decide to Have a Mass*
Meeting.
Many Bills Favorab y Reported, but
Still to Be Urged— Car-Fare
Reduction-
The Labor Convention, in session all yes
terday afternoon at 915 Market street, de
voted its entire attention to a discussion
of pending labor measures now before the
State Legislature, in secret session roasted
certain of the legislators for their lethargy
and political hesitancy, and decided to
hold a rousing mass-meeting here in the
near future for the purpose of funher cre
ating at interest in and urging the passage
by the Legislature of particular labor bills
during the present session which ends
March 4.
Delegates from about forty labor unions
were in attendance.
A committee, consisting of John Hill,
P. H. McCarthy, George L«fay«tte, Ed
Rosen and Guy Lathrop, was ap
pointed to make arrangements for mass
meetinsr. By a special vote J. W. Rose,
chairman of the convention, was added to
this committee, which will report bade 10
the convention at a special meeting of the
Labor Convention to be held next Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock in the same hall
at 915 Market street.
Walter McArthur and James W. Rose,
as delegates to the Legislature, reported
progress upon labor bills as follows:
Assembly bill 17 has passed both houses,
with the exception of the clause empowering
the Labor Commissioner to enforce the act.
Assembly bill 33. providing for the remission
of costs In suits to recover wages, is still in the
Assembly, «nd has been reported unfavorably
and withdrawn from the Senate. Assembly
bill 44, to establish a department of labor, whs
reported favorably by the As em bly committee
and discussed in committee of the whole of
the House, but owing to a mistake in the
printed bill it was referred back ?o the Com
mittee on Labor and Capital, where it now
lies awaiting the final action by the House be
fore it will be reported by the committee.
Assembly bill til, providing for an eight
hour day on public works, has passed the
Senate, alter being amended so as to exclude
municipal corporations irom its provisions,
and is on file lor third reading in the House.
Assembly bill 80, providing for the employ
ment of citizens on public works, read for the
third time in the House and amended so as to
include persons who have declared their in
tentions, has passed the Senate as amended.
Assembly bill 81, providing for prompt pay
ment of wages, i> still in committees of both
houses. Assembly bill 82, to prevent collusions
between employers and employment agents,
passed the Senate and is still in the hands of
the House committee. Assembly bill 137,
providing for a bond on public works, has
passed its second reading in the Senate and
has been amended so as to make the bond half
the contract price and to strike cut the sec
tion giving the Lib. »r Commissioner power to
enforce the act. Assembly bill 150, to define
the duties of employment agents', has passed
its third reading, but is still in the Sen
ate committee. Assembly bill 621, providing
for a stated payda ,is on file for i 1 * third
reading In the house and has not been ntro
dncea 10 the S- n v- Assembly bill 201, for
iriFp.<ction of belle .-, is s.i.lin me House Com
mittee Assembly bll 279, providing for a
ten-hour day in bakeries, i. si .1 in >le House
Commiue . >:nd has been r ad fir the second
time In the iaie. As-emb.v Li li 293. 294
nd 295, c a-'ging Labir .>ny to the first Mon
aay in .- p < m jer, has pased the Senate and
is on file for 1 ■ tl.ir : ... dins in the hoi.Be.
In subs. «nee the bil.'s p«s;ed or in a fa. way
to be phss d are these relating to minimum
oomoeiatti n. citizens' belp, ight-hour day
audL-brDiv. The amendments to the civ-
»hip aid eight-hour bills practically de
stroy their effect.
bo far as the crmml'tee had been able to
Wrn everything ;»..^ible has been dons to
further the lnbor bills, rurther work by the
committee wouid be unnecessary. Great difii
culiywas f Una in geitine thi- committees ot
both house.s to meet, ami when they d:d there
were usually so few members present that no
definite action could Le taken toward report
inn the bills.
Teg ea est difficu'ty wa> experienced with
the b li ior the estab.isnment of a department
of labor on account of the political compo
sition of the LegMn'ure and the option of
the employment agents. Great di UDt was ex
p essed as to passage of the m nsr.re.
The committee, in < onelu->». n, recommended
that the work of the Lubor convention be con
tinued dn ing the present se>ision of the Legis
lature for the benefit of labor.
H. A. Knox, a delegate from the rail
road employes, placed before the conven
tion some facts and figures calculated to
prove that legislation for the reduction of
streetcar fares to 2% cents during the
early morning and evening hours would
practically amount to confiscation of the
property of the railroads, because they
could not under such conditions pay ex
penses. He read a statement of .he case
made by the Ban Francisco and San Ma
teo Railroad Company, which was practi
cally an assertion that should the bill pass
the Legislature the company would have
to stop business and the employes would
be out of work. Similar statements with
additional arguments were made by ex-
Mayor Butro, in which he explained that
the Sutter-street Railroad Company and
the Sutro Railroad Company by a system
of transfers actually get but 2% cents on
a fare, and would under the proposed re
daction get but \y± cents a fare.
The Union-street Railway Company was
aJso quoted as one of the roads that would
be forced to shutdown. ' •
In conclusion, Mr. Knox declared that
these four companies would be materially
injured to t; c extent probably of furnish
ing no further employment to all the men
now earning a livelihood from them as
operatives, while the complicated South
ern Pacific rail road system would
not necessarily suffer, for it could stop
transfers, charge extra for small parcels
carried by patrons, and could buy up the
smaller roads forced out of business, and
might ultimately profit from the bill
which it alone of all the companies is not
opposing. He said finally that be pur
posed to go to Sacramento this morning
to work personally agiinst the bill.
Junior Order of American . Mechanics.
State Councilor Scbaertzer has returned from
his southern trip and reports that his visits to the
councils In that part of the State has been pro
ductive of mnch good.
It is expected that a new council will be In
stituted in Escondido by the Ist of March.
Ctuucl s in all sections of the state are arrang
ing for the proper observance of Junior day on
the 22d lost. There will be quite a celebration at
Los Angeles, and at Redtauds arrangements have
been made for a grand tune.
The local councils will »end a full representation
to the State Council to be held in Sacramento on
the 21 of March.
There are prospect* that a council will be organ
ised at Vallejo and a other at Grass Valley by the
end of the current month.
HOiEL /.RR.VALS.
GRAND HOTEL. \
W P Dwyer, Sacto 0 F Randall <fe wf, Cal
W Underbill, lenver G Granvilie, Stockton
W X Wetzei. Oakland W H Fasuitt, Denver
C Moltzer, Pt Reyes H R Henderson, Sacto
Mlsh C Kenders, Porttnd H C Wahberg, Portland
Mrs C R Toneaddtsn. SiP J B Mitten, Kandsburg
C Frey, Victoria Mrs E U Rlvenburg.NV
H F McSwain <t wf.Oreg E F Hawkins. Salinas
W L Peckard, Guatemala W D Wilson. New York
H C Bugby, Colorado S R Chambree A wf.NY
j W Guthree. Sacto W F Jackson, Sacto
A W Klmball, Volcano L J Klmball, Volcano
Dr T A lt«ables, Sacto W H ullton. Glen Ellen
J Thlsher, Sacto W V Sufford, Cali.tioea
E Becker A wf, San Jose W D Perkins, Los Ant;
H L Harris, I.os Angeles A T cooper, St Barbara
vV M tiowe, Wisconsin s I.onva. s»cio
H Juck, Marysvllle LG Raufman, Alxska
Rev T Hnn . Vallejo J H Jj-ed, Kansas City
H T Mon-y, Placerville Mrs M a l'e;ilor. sacto
Miss L Proper, Sacto J D Williams, Oakland
U C >ry <t wf. Nlpmo G X Kennedy, Livermor
F J Yost, Stockton Lt T Rosa, Sacto
A L Yound Cal w Blace, Chicago
KTTSS HOUSE.
L J Smith A w, > V J P McWllllam, Aril
W Richardson, Truckee C X Ke<»ly & w. Gnalala
X >;r> oy, Astoria J F Smith <fe w, Oakland
C It Calombet. Town C C Karon. Town
G s Zane, Mm Jose C \V Hutclnnson, S F Co
F A very. Sansalito lij Daly, Eureka
J Mitchell, White River H Mitchell, White River
F Bnrubam & w, Malaya J W Wilson, Canon
T J Bradshaw, Carson TL B .rbam, siu»anvill»
F W Graham. Han Jose A ■■ Crlker, Dales, Or
L French & m, Australia C BUtrolff, Chicago
JF Hall, Tulare T Barker, liopland
W S worth, Amador V 1. uiimore, Hoplana
Miss Ida Iteil. Los Ami Amos a Coan, S V
Thomas Barry, Napa AW WlMamsAw.Trucke
AG Folsom&w, Berkeley I> It King, Philadelphia
Asi Nichols. i usanviUe HFL rani* l.un'k*
0 W Kraft, Irvlngton l T Calombe:, Cal
W H Jewell. >an Rafael Miss S Foster, Chicago
Mrs L L reeland, NY B H Paulson. San Kafael
J f Flenn, Sac H H Cor, St Paul
W « Hafes.Colorado Sps A M Clam, B C
L A Greminger, Newhall Frank Cole, Los Angelas
J S Smith, Denver T C Cox, Stockton
I) Traut, Santa Cruz D H Tr*ui, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL.
H M Mclutosn, Chicago F A Farbank, La
W E Gerbec, sacto C V (Hit-, aelby
T A Ward, Chicago C M Goodall, Oakland
C U Jordan, Stanford (' X Brown, Stanford
W C Peyion, Si.nta Crui Q H Knncroft, Boston
A Abrahams, Keno C I) Peu-rs Jr. Boston
nowell liendo. Ohio D ') Mills, :•» V
V W Bullock, Cnlcago L B Cox, Portland ,
R Mallo.-y, Portlana lrank I ane, N V
HC Mllligan, NY L Xutelder. N V
A Horton, N V C A Taft. Mass
F S Jleath 4 wf, Ohio H P Pike, > V
XLPika, NY Ml Mrs Kuhn, N V
C F Faring. NY X l> Heflron, M V
T P. Wlicox&w. Portland Miss H torbott, Portland
Miss \Viicox, Portland W T Trego *w, Chicago
E Montgomery, Chicago A F Clark, Conn
, LICK HOUSE.
Chai A Peterson A w, a us C F Pawllcke, Cal
lien ilmmons, Cal 8 W 1 lie la -an Rafael
T G Morgan, » ai L I) *niith Cal
.1 II Wadsn-orth, Yreka Ji o G Brady, Sltka
Robert 1. da. .Modesto Miss Klda, Modesto
!•' V KlDgton.Santa Clara H i) Lausen, Uroville
Otto \V Norclj & w. >» to X E Starkweather, Hnfd
Pr L X lelton, liaiiio.d B L Barry, Hanfuid
Joseph i .033, L0s Angeles ihoi Hartley. Lo- Angla
a iieuet. Modes. o II M Van Deurs, Ponlnd
A B White <fc \v, Sacto R I Ballard i- w, St Hela
Geo R May, San Jose Miss P May. San .lose
F L iiyde. >anta Clara }' Levy A «■> Chicago
Mrs B Hennrickson. Chi T B Kussell, su:sui.
E P Lr.ng «S w, Denver Geo Curtiss <t w. Hi City
Oscar P. Cyle. Jacksnvlle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
■ M Madden, Grand Gulf M Brunsou. Oakland
J M Smith, Cal C Bruddle, Cal >
H Adams, Copland - P CusOunn, Cal
X Wilson, Cal '1 Mulller, Cal
J Sharp, ( ai D « .Murphy, Santa Cruz
T l'hillipi s. Los Angeles J Ma son. i'etnluraa
S Mat*o:%Petaluma J R Wolff. Oukdale
D McMnney, Fresno fc> H Look, Seattle
C J Peck, Settle J Mullen. Baite
F Thomas, Butle I l.esltr. Stockton
D Mat hews. Eureka T W Wallers, Kureka
G Cator, Los Angeles J Hlckey, Emeryville
W Thomson. Portland F Alb: iglu. Oak. and
\V Courbon, Cal <i McGrayer, Los Angeles
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A L Wolfe, Oakland G Koss, Chicago
F H Mooie. Chicago W V Winuers <fe w, 111
F irmith. Irviugton W H teymour, N V
M Medlander, Chicago F Wilson & w, Montana
A Bowen, NY G W Baker «fe w, Cal
F Kckles. .San Jose a M Hersey, Conn
T H Valentine. Cal H C show, Stockton
W M Clark, Cal F H Kilbourn, Brattle
C V Kepner A w, Cal X A Tompklna * w, N T
L G Hare, Salinas E 5 Gag<> & w, Cal
J B Skinner, Chicago R H Hue.. ion. Chicago
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until lv o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-537 Montgomery streeu
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
8?P Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth aud Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 MUslon street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open untl! 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open un-il 9:30.
NOTICE of MEETINGS.
t&S* GOLDEN GATE COMMA NDERY'TV^,
1*"-^ No. 16. K. T., Go den Gate bulKilne.^raP
626 Butter St.— Sped assembly THI- ||
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of
the Temple and the Order of Malta will be
conferred. Ail fraters a ■■«• courteously invited.
CHARLES H. 1 PHY.
Eminent Commander.
Wu.liak T. Fonda, Recor:er.
ftrjp KING SOLOMON'S LODGE, NO. ft
l*- 260. F. »nd A. M., corner Geary and A
-teincrst.— Ca led rr.petlns; '! tils (Mnx-VV
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /^rN
degree. By order of th. Master,
HARRY BA i H , secretary.
R^r==« OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. •
I*-*^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS #%
(MONDAY) EVENING a: 7:HU o'clock. "VTzf
ihird degree. By order of the W. M. /Vi
EDW. F. DKLGER, Secretary.
B^S' HERMANN LODGE, NO. 127, F. m
m-& and A. M.— Called meeting THIS fi*
HAY (Monday). February 10. l>-97. at 7:30 "?T Jf
p. it. Degree 1. By order of th.- W. M. /V\
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
It^- SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER m
Ur~& No. 1, Koyal Arch Masons, meets «A
THIS EVENING. Businpss and M M.VV
Degree. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /^T>
r»^g=THE REGULAR A MEETING OF
W~& the members of the Bishop Armita?e Church
Orphanage will be held at the ofliceof the secretary
630 California si., room 38. on t ebruary 23. 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of sr.id corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the eu-
suing year; also for the t ran sac ton of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
..: ■_; ■:■■; L. WADHaM, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
' ~~ ~~~^ ~~«~
tp^» DAVID STARR JORDAN. PRESIDENT
»~-* p of the Stanford University, will lecture be-
fore Oakland Psychical Society, on WEDNESDAY
EVENING, the 17th lnst., at Hamilton Hall; 8
o'clock. subject, "A Sober Mind."
JKS=" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94:
w- jy rollectionii made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6; tel. 5580.
lt^» DR. BAZtT REMOVED FROM PHE-
»-& ] an buildlne to 908 f.'enry st.: t"L East 357.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
IT^S* DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
Ur-*^ 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchison Sugar Plantation Com: any will be
payable at the office Of the company. 327 Market
street, on and after Saturday, February 20, 1^97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, February 13
1897, at 12 o'clock M. £. H. SHELDON.
Secretary.
SITUATIONS TV ANTE ALE.
COMPETENT SWEDISH COOK, WITH REF-
\J erenc-, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
CO., 316 Suiter sU
DANISH SECOND GIRL WANTS BITUA-
tion. At MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
1 O SWEDISH, IS GERMAN GIRLS AWAIT
1 — situations at MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
WIDOW WANTS WORK BY DAY, WEEK
" or month: hous-cieanlng. washing, plain
sewing or cooking; flannel laundress; baby's
nurse, MRS. O. H. G., Golden Gate, Cal.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
X\> t.on: understands sewlns ana willing to make
herself generally useful in private family. 29^
Madison aye., off Harrison, beu Fifth and Sixth.
WANTPD— POSITION As HOUSEKEEPER
In widower's home to cook for 6or 6 men;
good cook and firnt-class housekeeper. Call from
9 a. m. to 6 p. if., 126 Four h su. room 2.
EXPECTABLE ENGLISH WOMAN WANTS
to do general housework in city in American
family: good plain cook; good re. erences. Call
18j7 Mission sc.
REFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS DESIRES
XV situation: will teach French or German;
speak* French. German and English. Address
G. X.. box 68, Call Office.
VI IDDLK-AOED GERMAN' WOMAN WISHES
■I*' situation to .10 housework and plain cooking
723 Hampshire st., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth.
T\r ANTED— SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
»T work in small family by reliable middle-aged
woman; goud cook; city or country. Address A.,
314 Jessie st., near Fourth.
ANTED-A SITUATION BY A SCOTCH
woman to do housework; good cock and
laundress; city or country : wages 915. -662 Ste-
venson st., bet. '1 hlrd and Fourth.
i^IRL DESIRES POSITION AS INFANT'S
j& nurse or chamber work, wailing or plain sew-
ing. 23311/2 pine st.
T\RESSMAKER: FIRST -CLASB FITTER-
X/ stylish draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker; by tne day. MISS WARWICK, 104 Grove.
OUSEWORK WANTED BY A* MIDDLE-
aged woman who is a good cook. Inquire at
206 Fifth su, near Howard.
yOUNG GIRL, IS YEARS. WOULD LIKE A
X good home, clothing and school for her ser-
vices 315 Union st
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VT day at washing, ironing or housecleaniDE
Address L. X., 546 Minna nt. downstairs.
yOUNG GIRL WISHKB A SITUATION TO
Ido housework and assist In cooking. Inquire
at 13L8 Washington sU, near Leavenworth.
REFINED PERSON WISHES TO GIVE
services in exchange for board. Immediately;
references. M. Z , box 1 61, Call Office.
■U'XPKRIENCKD WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
U the day; laundry or bousecleaning; terms $1.
316% Stockton st. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
PTTCATIONS TTANTEn-ContlnTiert.
VOUM! WOMAN WISHES TO DO SHWINQ
1 or mending at home. 311 'J'ebama St. .
COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN DESIREB
l_; work by the day: washine, ironing or house-
cleaning. 268 Shipley St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
yOCXO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
1 as housekeeper. 144 Fifth St.. room 0.
EX.MAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
VJt Mason st., teL main tt'SS'4, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
T>KSPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHKS A
it go borne, to do seninc and insist the lady of
the hous wages no object. Address S. D., box
62, Call Office..
■VTEAT GIRL DESIKES A SITUATION A3
-iA fir.)i-cl»« cook; best reference; city or conn-
try. « Cottage row, off Mutter st, nr. Fillmore.
\\T ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
" lady, a position as working housekeeper In
widower's home where there are children; is a
good cook, and will be like a mother to ! the chil-
dren. 49 .-haron st., bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church. .
ANTED— BY ELDERLY COLORED
»» woman, position as cook; small wages re-
quired, call at 129 Third st., room 12; hours from
V A. m. till 9 p. M
•yor.NG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X apstal*a work and sewing. 1759 Sanchez su
fOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
" washing or ironing or housecleaning. IH9Va
Harriet si., oil Harrison, bet. Sixth and Seventh,
downsta rs.
h. It M.\ N GIKL FIRST-CLASS SEAM-
stress, wishes position for cbamberwork and
sewing. Hll Shotwell st.
OteITION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
In widower's home. 777 Market St., room 6
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of ii on work by the day; references. Address
li. S. f bux IDS, Call Office.
VU'.-T-CLaSS FRKNCH MAID DESIRES A
X position as a. lady's maid and seamstress;
wages *80. Address 1-20 Vallejo st.
"V"OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 112 Taylor st., room 14.
YOUNG A.ND EXPERIENCE!' WIDOW RE-
X cently from the ; ast desires a po-.iti n as man-
aging housekeeper In widower's none or ho el;
good coo*; hi'iirs 1 to 6 only. Room 4, 1007 Mar-
ket at.  v
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
I<J situation to work; city or loumry: Uagooo
cook and laundress: moderate wages 1000
Washington St., cor. Powell.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
Jj wants work in widower's or oacheioi's house-
hold; country i. referred. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours 11 a. ii. to 9 p. M.
pERMAN GIRL iVIBHKiJ POSITION FOR
' ' gen ral housework and plain cooking. 1U23
Guerrero Rt>.bet.Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
VOCNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X typewriter and office work; $3 per week. P. b.,
box 122.
U r ANTED — POSITION OF HOUSEKEEPER
for an old couple. 822 Larkln st.
I>EFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
IV tion as nursery governess, or second work in a
private family; w«ges $20 or 526. Address E. L.,
1128 butter sc.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
v,/ io do chamberwork and se wine, or would do
waiting; city or country; good reference. Please
call or address IS.'S Pine st.
DOSI IION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPEKI-
X enced teacher of English, German and music
(several instruments); good seamstress and gen-
eral manager; salary moderate: highest refer-
ences. E.W., Slxtt-enth and Mission bis., Cal:.
yOCSO DANISH GIRL WISHES WORK
X by the day: ant- kind; housework; washing
and ironing. 500 Broderlo-i st.
WANTED— BY RELI v BLK. WOMAN WORK
»» by the day: laundress or any kind of house-
work. Please call 1085 Market it. ■
17XPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE:
Xli *9 per week: best of re erences; oonfin nicnt
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
Webster su
"EXPERIENCED WOMAN, WITH FIRST-
XJ class city references, w«nts situation as child's
nurse or upstairs work and sewing. Apply 2424
Bush st.
p KRMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
Vjr do cooking and general housework in small
family: good references. Ad tress 713 T enth St.,
Oakland.
yOVNO WIDOW OF MANY ACCOMPLISH-
X menu, lately from the hast, desires house-
keeper's i.iacc; bachelor's or widower's home pre.
ferred. lSVij Sixth st., room 2.
"V7-OU NO WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper: no tiers; references. Address
B. M. I)., box 134. Call.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch oillce, toath-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s'».
BY WOMAN OF MIDDLE AOK POSITION AS
housrkeeper. or to care for Invalid. Call or
address J., Young Women's Christian Association.
1221 O'F»rrell s:.
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WITH
i -•"V- many attraciiOD* wants place a^ housekeeper
In bachelor's or widower s home. Room 2. 223 Post.
I ADY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
Jj ing and repairing at home. Apply 131 Taylor
st.. room 2.
"VTOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, washing, ironing or any kind of work.
448% Natoma st-
LADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI
Xj tlon as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 2), 220 Third st
yOUNG , WOMAN WOULD LIKK TO DO
X iUht housework: has small child; country
preferred; best of reference; Call, box 8, Call.
yOUNG LADY, FORMERLY IX GOOD CIR-
X cumstantes. desires a lucrative position as
-keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Ellis »t., room IM, second floor.
I RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
XV the day washing, ironing, nursing or general
hoosework; *1 day and carfare. Address MRS.
JACKSON, llli-j Minna st. .'
QUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 839 liayt-s at.;
open until 9:3U o'clock.
SITUATION AS WETNURSE. ADDRESS
Nuree, 749 Market st.
yOING LADY WOULn LIKE A PLACE AS
X housekeeper In a bachelor's or widower's
home Room 1, 1035 Market su
yO*U NO EASTERN WIDOW OF It i FINE-
X ment ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper In widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
1 ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A POSI-
Xj tion as housekeeper in lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market su
7 1 O LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
' XO CALL; (subscriptions ami want ad* taken.
T ADT WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
.1^ housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DAMI, 313 Suiter.
pOMPETENT COOK WISHEB SITUATION
\J in private family : would no general ■ house-
work in small family. Call at 227 Hayes at. -
■\VTANTED_BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
"» tel Diain sewing, mending or care of linen-
room: sleeps home. Call or address 11*4 Eighth.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms vsc to 8150 per nUbt:
$1 50 to $ 6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH NT., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Th 5 Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. - < ;
SITUATIONS WASTED MALE.
TTUNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPANKSE
XX employment office, removed 10 814 Vi Califor-
nia St., near Kearny. '1 el. main 231.
pIiINESK AND JAPa.NEmk EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4 lt i/a O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTI.LLIOfc.NCK AGENCY R.
O 60. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.; tel Main 5234.
CHINKS.-: & J.\ I'ANiSE; KST'D 20 YKAKS;
help;tel.jpaln 1997. BRADLEY & Co. .640 Clay
BARBER-A YOUNG M AN WISHES STEADY
job. Address P. L., box 69, this office.
pOOD BARBER WANTS WEDNESDAY, OR
' J Saturday and Sunday job. Address 627 Post
STRONG WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
place to do bard work: Is handy. Address 869
Folsom su j
yOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION AS BAR-
X tender; has h d some exper.ence lii t he busi-
ness; wages moj crate. Address Bartender, box
69, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY GARDENER
O wi:h first-class references. Address Gardener,
box 92, Call Office.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~r Call; want ads and subscriptions taken, ■
NGINE.:R WOULD LIKE POSITION;
would leave city for permanent place. Ad-
dresi EnKlneer, bJX 166, Call.
WANTED-BY YOUNG MAN, POSITION OF
»» any kind: able and willing to do hard work
Address A. C. E.. box &7. Cail. ,
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 1«7 NINTH
■L) ml — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ITOUSECLEANER WANTS ALL KINDS OF
XX housecleantng by the day or hour. Address
JAPANESE otuiitih, IZIOJ/3 Larkln sL
SITUATIONS WANTKI>-Contfnn«-<l.
GARDENER, GERMAN, SINGLE, UF LONG
experience in landscape, carp*>t bedding,
greenhouse and vegetable urowin^, wishes to lake
charge of private place: uad had charge over one
place six and ano. her three yean; can furnish the
very best references. Add. B. W., box 80. Call.
T)KLIABLE YOUNG GERMAN WANTS
±\i work of any kind; understands care of horses,
jut it >r or porter work in business or private place.
Address o. 8., box 164, Call Office.
O*JQ HAVKS si'.-BKA.NtH OFFICE OF
»J*)O lHi. Call; subscriptions and waul ads
taken.
0 itu at ion wanted by a married
Oman; well acqualntea lv cily ; may bring trade:
strictly temperate; store wuu preferred: uaudy
with tools or drive team. Call 513 McAllisterst.
]>OY 16 YEARS OLD WANTS A 81TUA-
1> lion; will make himself generally useful fora
hitme aud small wages; city or cou .try. Address
380 Lexington uve.
Air anted ;by an energetic steady
' » man— position in a crockery-house as sales-
man or drummer; understands uusiness; best ref-
erence ran be furnished. Address salesman, box
120. tuis office.
yoU-\G MAN, NEAT APPEARING. DE-
X sires sitaation as coachman; understands
horses, cows, chickens, gardening: Industrious and
ob.lgint.-; 920 per month; references, a duress S.
C, box 15, Call.
Situation wanted by makrikd man
with references as a gralnfarm foreman; will
won: at anything wife will cook tor 3or 4 men if
desired. Address E. a, 7-26 Mission su, room 7.
JJMRST-CLABS COACHMAN; UNDERSTANDS
hand. 1 i<K horses; good gardener; has always
worked around Mrst-c.ass lamlltes: best of refer-
ences: good milker. Address Rellaoie, box 140,
Call Office.
UASTED-Pu niUN BY YOUNG MAN AS
" foreman or assistant superintendent of quartz
mine: 10 years' experience; understands assaying,
nndenround *urveyin* and practical mmmc; sal-
ary not so much an object as permanent position.
Address J., box 66, this office.
BOoKKEEPKK WANTS A POSITION: 10
years' txper.epce; understands selling; refer-
ences; salary no objecu W. G. C-, box 71, Call.
"v'^7 MONTGOMERY. CO K NEK OF CUY-
*f£i I open untl 9:30 o clock: branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
T-NTELLIGK.NT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
J- aged man wants any kind of ligni work; ref-
erence and bonds. Address S. S., box 108, call.
MARRIED MAN DESIRES WORK ON SMALL
fruit ranch: wife good cook; comfortable home
desired; wages reasonable. P. S.. box 66, Call.
A MARKET VT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NX.
'* Market: 200 rooms: 25c to Cl 50 per night:
91 60 to S6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
V4f ANTED— WAITRESS AND PARLOR
" mala, 920 (see lady here at 11 to-day): 3
German, Eng.isii and American nurses. *20 and
#26; German cook and nurse at n»m<- bouse. 920
and «26; 4 c, oks. German style, 925 and 930;
cook, country hotel (see party here at 11 to-day);
chain uer m aid and Mrattiwa, country hotel, 920,
and a large number of girls for cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutler sL
IRL, GUERRERO ST., 916~- GIRL, BU-
cnmmn su, $15; jilrl, steiner si.. 916: girl, Fill-
more si., 915; girl, Gilroy. $15: girl. Pescadero,
915: girl, Howard sU, 915; girl. Clay st, 916; gin,
Eddy st., Sl5; girl, butter st, 915; girl, Nine-
teenth *:.. $15; girl Pierce su, 916; girl. Laguna
St., 918: girl Fulton >t . 915: girl, Webster st.,
915; girl, Lenvenwor h St., 915; girl, Genry st.,
(15. 3D young girls, 98. 910 and *12 per month,
assist, etc., nice families, MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket su
GIKL, GUERRERO ST.. 918; GIRL, LAGUNA
St.. 920: girl, Steiner su, 920: girl, 1 on :r« Coi-
ta ( ai., 9.0 clrl, Tjolumne Couaty. 920: Klrl,
Santa lUrtn ra. Cal , 925; girl, Goiflen Gate aye.,
92">; girl, Buih 5u.925. girl, Scott su, 920; girl,
Gough st., S.O girl, Fulton su, 920; girl. Golden
Gate aye. 918: girl. Golden Gate aye., 9^o: girl,
Post St., 92j: gir.. Web-ter St., »25: girl. Polk St.,
9^o: glrL Pacific aye., 9^o. MARTIN'S, 749
-Market su
YY'ITRESS AND DO CHAMBER WORK
** 915 Kiid room; 2 wallrexies city, 915 and
room: waitress. 94 a week: waitress, 93 a week;
waitress, c.untry hotel. 91 7 50 ana room; cook,
925 and room; chambermaid, country hotel, 918
and room; German waitress, »20 aad room.
MARTIN* 9, 749 Market st.
/IERMAN OR SWEDISH GIR.., MORLEY,
VI Cal.. 920. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
WKTNURSK: SKE PARTY 2 P. M. IN OF-
flee. MARTIN*, 749 Market st.
p ERM AN NURSEGIRL, 920. MARTIN'S,
VT 749 Market su
pEHMAN Nl RSE, 925; FRENCH NURSE.
VT 925: governess. 930. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutler st.
L/RENcH OR GERMAN SEAMSTRESS, 935
X to 930. MISS CULLEN, 323 >utter St.
OOK, 935, GERMAN OR FRENCH STYLE;
second girl. 925: nurse, 926; cook. Oakland,
925; 12 housework girls, citr and country. 820
and 925; 8 youm glrls.^lo to 916. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 suiter st.
O HOTEL COOKS, COUNTRY. 930 AND 936:
— 3 waitresses, same ho-el, south. 920: 2 wait-
resses, same country hotel, 920; waitress, sea-
side hotel, 920. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
Tir ANTED— GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK,
'» 935: laundress. 926: French nurs«, grown
children, 925: German cook. 920 to 9^5: 3 young
French girls lo acs it, 916: 20 girls for house'wom.
LKON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
yOUNG WOMAN COOK FOR THE MINES,
X 925. fare p. .ld: waitresses and housework girls.
MUitRAY A RKADY, Leading EmDloyment
Agents, 634-636 Clay sU
IJEFINED PROTESTANT LADY TO CARE
Xt for several children, gentleman's family, coun-
try town; one h ho cun teach Ihe children, also
speak r rench, preferred: references: 925 and
found. MURKAV <fc READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents 634-ti3tK'lay St.
WANTKD-A NUMBER OF GIRLS TO FILL
various situations; best wages. MRS. HIRD,
721 Eliis st.
FFICK FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; UIRI^S OF
all nationalities to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason su
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK: AMERICAN
family: plain cooking; no washing; 920. 721
Ellis su
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IS LTGHT HOUSE-
X work; na?es 910. 1518 Webster st.
p ERMAN (URL, 14 OR 15 YEARS, TO AS-
VTsl't in housework: seep home. 1123 Steiner.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
455 Eddy st.
AN I ED— WOMAN TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
work and cere for children. 1309 Eddy.
Wanted— girl for general house-
»» work. 1431 st.
GIKL; PLAIN COOK: ASSIST IN LIGHT
housework; 3 in family; f 12. 1316 Vi Webster.
VTEAT YOUNG GIR.. TO ASSIST WITH
-i-> light housework in a small family. 1634 Ellis.
y OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. .018 Baker su
JEWISH OR GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING
'J and assisi in housework. 2318 Clay st.
GIRL WANTED FOR COOKING AND GEN-
eral nousewor*. 1267 Octavla st.
» PPRKNTICES WANTED AT DitESSMAK-
A ing. 4a Antonla su, off Jones, nr. Ellis.
WARE FKAJIEM/KEKH WANTED. ROBT.
L. TOPLITZ A CO., 545 Market St.
AI'" ANTED— YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
M ueneral housework. 28U- Pine su
IpiRST-CLASS BUTTONHOLE-MAKER ON
enstom vests. 3 Dlkeman place, off Mason su
VEAT GIRL TO ASM.vr WITH cOOKINU
-i-> and -liijht housework; wages 98; sleep home.
1016 Noe st.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
neI overshirts and underwear. r,EVI
straUSs <fe co., 32Vi t'remout at
yoUXG (JIUL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X by family of 2. 112 Valencia st.
U'OMAN 21 TO 24 FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
" keeping; one In family; wages 98. M. A. N.,
box 149
Ladiks wanted, to learn millinery,-
thoroughly and practically taught; classes
now forming ior spring work ; satisfaction guaran-
teed; evening classes. Millinery School, 22Vi
Geary or 410 Leavenworth.
IN PAPER-BOX FACTORY, 638 MARKET
su, experienced hands wanted.
OTENOORAPnERS WILL FIND IT ADVAN.
O tageous to join the Evening Stenographic
»• peed Club at Heaid's Bus. College, 24 Post st:
fees 91 50 a month; any system; also beginners.
T> RIGHT LADY AGE-\TS FOR HOUSEHOLD
-i-» necessity ; good pay. Address A., box 4ti, Call.
j EARN DRK.SSCUTTINO AND MILLINERY;
J.J 91 pt T week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
ft] C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
"-*•*-' Call; subscriptions and wane ad*, taken.
VJ OST CON VENIENT AND RESPECTABLE
,«„ Hous*. 44 Ihird su. near Market.
::0U rooms; 26c to 91 5u per night; 91 50 to 93
per week : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade: sbop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call lbBVi Eighth sU, S. b\ Barber College.
H'EI.P . WANTED— Contfnni»«l.
F LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
_J Academy. 14 McAllister si.: $1 a week. .
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THK
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
»;naranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
1] U NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 U Xhjb Call; subscription and warn ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED- H. OLSEN, COOK, PLEASE
'» call; 1 runer; 4 men to cut brush by contract;
office loy for country, 97 and found butter maker.
$30, no milking; note cook; Japanese cook: boy
•' r restaurant and others. Apply to J. F. CRo-
-BETT & CO., 628 Sacramento si. .
OOK. COUNTRY REBORT. $40, AND DtSH-
washer, $15; vegetable cook, $40: waller,
930; Danish dairyman, 925: man about place.
private family, country, with reference. $25: see
party here. C. R. HaNBEN <& CO., 110 Geary.
GARDENER FOR PRIVATE FAMILY WHO
VT can milk few cows, 925 and found: milkers,
9-0 to $25; young man of some experience for
carriage factory ; farmers: man to raise black-
berries on shaie.i, etc. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
SHOP BUTCHER AND >AUSAGE-MAKER,
960 and found; slaughterer, $50 and found.
R. T. WARD <£ CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH HELPER, 97 A
\J week. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
MAN TO GROW AND CARE FOR BLACK-
berries MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
DISHWASHER, 915 AND ROOM; D!«H-
washer, $10: German cook, 935 aud room.
Martin 'j^ 749 Mi rket sU
T A PANES! BOY HOUSEWORK; $20. MAR-
O TIN'S. 749 Market sl.
A NTED— STEADY MAN: MUST HAVE A
»» little money and some ranch experience: to
engage in raising pouujy, ijOgs, etc.: location, liny
county; to right man free rent of house, team and
cows: this Is good oppor unity fur industrious and
strictly sober man. none others L.eed appiy : «efer-
encei positively equlred; stale age. Address D.,
bJX luO, thisoffi:e.
OOBEl: MAN TO ACT AS PORTER: ML«T
0 be a quick worker: no other n. Ed api»ly; w-ges
$3 3 a mouth and found. Call between 10 and lii,
582 Mission su
A ANTED— PAPER- HANGERS, TINTERS
■•'» and upholsterer*. Apply Fairmount Hotel,
1714 Market st.
rksskr wanted or* coats. 511
Third st.
OOD, STKADY BUSHELMAN WANTED;
no other need apply. 24 and 26 sutler st.
THIRST-CLASS SALESMEN; GOOD INDUOE-
X menu. Royal $4 Pants Co., 223 Kearny st.
pLERK FOR GROCERY AND -BAR. CALL
' v at 10 l. H. Geary and Leaven worth st.
L/LACKSMITH THAT CAN DO SOME WOOD-
-D work: country shop. 609 Kearny st., room 8.
COOK WANTED. 208 EAST ST., NEAR
Howard.
BARBER-SHOP: RUNS 3 CHAIRS; LOW
rent: fine chance; rent paid for this month: 4
fine living rooms; $100. 408 Sixth st.
5C FOR A LOAF FRESH BREAD AND PINT
pure milk at the Economy Store, 917 Mission.
ARBER-*— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. Jr'UCHs. 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 secretary .H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st.
1. AKBER WASHSIANDS. 1,2 AND 3 BOWLS.
Xi chaap. H. HUFsCHJIIDT, 623 Golden Gate ay
BOY "WANTED, TO STRIP TOBACCO. AP-
ply Monday, after 10 o'clock, at 154 Hecona st,
(fljl f\(\ PARTNER: MONEY USED IN
<IP XO\J. business; chance to make money.
Box 60, Call office.
WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
" position In country, must have 95 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m., « Geary, room 2.
. — — , —
Tir ANTED— IOOO MISSION WORKERS TO
" rescue the fallen. Call Bp. m., 31 Third st
~\\r ANTED— BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
»i at wacon-maklng. Apply 2312 Pine au
1 ADIES* AND OKNTS' MISFIT SHOES
Xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale: large stock; shoes made
to order: bes stock; work gutiraa teed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simple thing to patent? J rotect your
ide»s: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO.. Depu. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize
offer aDd new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
WANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. Whliaker-Ray Co.. 723 Markt
ELCHO HOU.--K, 8631^ MARKET ST.— ROOMS
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 to 92 weeic.
9^9^ MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
jLO^j\> want ads taken for THE CALL.
EsT IN CITY— SINGLE ROuMS, 13, 20 AND
25 cents per night: 91, $1 5»5, 91 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorft sis.
1 It< NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
-I -J-U Thk Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
■ > all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: 91 25 to
96 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, or Sixth.
RECRUITS WANTED FOB THE U. 8. MA-
XXi rlne Corps, U. 8. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared their Intention to be-
come such: muse be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills st., San Francisco, Cat. .
DOOMS 16c TO 75c PtK NIGHT; 60c TO *1 4J
XXi per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm .it
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT-
-76c week. Linden House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
»» Ihe Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts, r- • ■
W' ANTED, COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&derks. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 sutler
rpRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST. BS-
X low Sixth, for a room: v:sc a night; 91 a week.
I (\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 150
; X\J\J and 20c a night. Including coffee and roils.
624 Washington st. , near Kearn .-.
9KOC MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
-t)-U Tun Call; subscriptions ana want ads
taken. ... V".
WANTKD-I.ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rot kin. Reno House proprie-
tor. still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 154
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to 93 per week.
— — - , ,
ROBEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.-SINuLE FUR-
nlshed rooms. 20c to 25c night, 91 to $1 60 wk.
EBIMOiN' WANTS 10U MeN To v,ET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c ; bos-, free* lunch. 643 Clay.
INCHES! Kit HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Marcel: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and basgage to and from the ferry.
V\r ANTED-SINGLh. ROOMS, 15c A DAY; 91
" week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. 91 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sl
ViT ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REP VI P.
*» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
st night while yon wait: ladies' soling, 35c; niai'i
eollng, 6Oc: fine shoes made to order from 92 dp
we have a lot of shon« been damaged by water, at
less than one- fourth' their value, from 25c up 11
1 92 60. 662 Mission nt.. bet. First a:, and Second sb
AGENTS WANTED. V
AGENTS-GENERAL MILKS' BOOK WILL
pay from $10 to 820 a day. Address for terri-
i«£' X" Perioll « m ({ - subscription department,
THE WHITAKKR & RAY CO., 723 Market st.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRBT
XV Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
1 erson, manager subscription department. THE
WHITAKER A RAY COMPANY, 723 Market St.
Tir ANTED— MEN AND WOMBS TO START.
»» mall-order business at home; big money-
easy, safe, sure; capital unnecessary. For partic-'
ulars send addressed aid stamped envelope, lock
box 1085 Phoenix, Aril. ' . .
s A BK OUR AGENTS 'WHO IS MAKING THE
X\. most money. BRICK & CO., novelties. 777
Market su . '
800 WANTED.
TIT ANTED— ROOM OR SATURDAY NIGHT.
»» Sunday; neatly furnished.: Address J. O.
box 96. Call Office. . '
BOARDING WANTED.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED BY JAPA-
nese young man; slate terms. Address S. M...
box 137. Call Office.
PIANO WANTED.
TTPKTGHT PIANO: THE USE TO PAY FOR
*J storage. T.. box 71, Call.
TED-MISCELLANEOUS.
11UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER. SASHES.
J-> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission st?
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
, O eixy to a. iCLUiLN, lo» Bixih at; aend posul
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PitA. I'lCAi' and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods la assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefui a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil at.: elevator. ■
» SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-A. Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA* KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, office days, TLurs. and Sat. P. m.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: 'M teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
Cg-IC" COMPLET3 COURSE, SHORTHAND
?Jp li). and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening Instruc-
tion. 1816V2 Post.
AY RES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery at.; individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
STAMMEKING. LISPING. ALL IMPERFEC-
-0 tlons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual Instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. R. a. DAVIS. 1508 Market
-yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW 11 ORE
X pupils in any branch of Eng'ish or mathe-
matics. Address J. E. C. box 149, Call Office.
T7INGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC>
Xli ci •11 luining, survey, assay, archil., X ray
tausht; ea.lB6*. A.VAN NAILLKN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723MarKet8»; students trained; office
situations secured-, lowest ran a or credit for tuition
"^LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I ELSARTE
XJ thoroughly taught; appeaiance3 arranged; 1 to
br.M. OLiVE HOFF-SCHKUi,DEK, 299 Hyde st.
BKLASCO'S LYCI.U.U SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
ENGLISH. LATIN AND MATHKMAIICS;
literature a s»claity. MISS ROULSTON,
724 • 'larrellst.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
all taken at branch otlice, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 :30 o'clock. :■ ■ • . ■
T7RENCH.SPANISH, tc: Prof. De KILIPt'F's
£ Academy of Languages, 320 Post; eslab'o 187 L
V)OOKKPNG. WRITNG. ARITUMTC. (HUMS,
-Uduv & night; no daises; 95 month. 845 Mission.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW,
quick method; $ 2 60 per month. 323 Hyde st.
FKOF. LOUIS MERKi: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary ,ur. Powell.
"PIANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
X best ret. B. F.. box 76, Call Office.
ING ING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: 92 mo. 109 'l aylor.
T EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNO
XJ ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
p UITAR, MANDOLIN, ANo AND VOCAL
VX lessons. $S mo. -Mnrv Westhanx. 39 Fifth.
IODGISG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Oft ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
Ou 22- room house, only ' $ 400
55 rooms, cor... 8,000! 14 rms on Sutter 700
11 rt., must sell 20 66 rms, best city. 3, soJ '
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©OKA 34-ROOM HOUSK; ROOMS ALL
tffiJOV. rented. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OQ ROOMS ON FOURTH ST., NR. MARKET; '
Z*O offer wanted; no dealers: rent 976. B. P., I
bor 77, Call Office.
Q-l HUNT ST.— LODGING-HOUSE WITH 38 '
OX rooms; well-furnished; rent 930 per month. '
OUSEOFB ROOMS, FILL, IOMPLETELY
and newly furnished, foi sale, on account of i
sickness, cheap; no dealers. 208 Seventh st.
JODGING-HOUSE FOR "ALE; ON ACCOUNT '
I » retiring. Inquire 726 Golden Gate aye., a. m. i
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AMOXI Y-UAISIXG SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces .99 50
Solid oak dining chairs 75 0 ;
4-room furniture outfit. $67 50 !
Brussels carpet, laid... " yard
BHIREK <fc sHIHEK. 747 Market st-,
Grant aye. -'.'".i' I
A fit) CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. 914
IUV7 stoves. 3: parlor lets, «20: folding-bed*
910: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
1
AT L. J. "NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR j
lowest prices on household roods: new or coM
as new; caan or on timer open evenings.
TjiURNITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
X' tars, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market. I
FURNITURE "WANTED.
IF YOU WANT HOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
tore and merchandise see BURP, ail Larkla.
HIGHER PKICE THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by IndiariH Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jone«
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
QjOft ELEGANT: ALMOST NEW; NEW
<t£)£j\J. Home sewing machine; latest style: at-
tachments complete; cause departure. 704 Pine.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINEB; NEW AND
second-band; tools suppled, etc 766 Bryant
THOROUGHBRED HEREFORD COW; VERY
X gentle; 14 quarts a day. 3238 Enclnal aye.,
Hlgh-st. station, Alameda. -
IGHEST GRADE 98 BICYCLE: BIG BAR-
gain. Room 68, Donohoe building, 1170 i
Market st.
q>lj SINGEK SEWING MACHINE. APPLY
tip » . 1630 EdJy su
TIOR SALE-INTEREST IN HuR~E-r-HOh- I
X ing shop; cheap; account sickness. N., box !
158, Call Oftics. :
<Jt ]ft DOMESTIC MACHINE : ALL AT- !
<ipxi/. tachments; good order. 2437 Mission St.,
near Twenty-flrsu ■ ' I
pETALUMA INCUBATOR; 300 - EGG MA-
X chine; good as new; cheap. Corner Crescent
aye. and Foisom su
I^OR SALE-BUTTER AND EGG AND PROD-
uce wagon; cheap. 1340 Turk St.
f"»OR SALE-GRAVEL MINE; BARGAIN- '
good title; 100 acres: plenty water; invest.-
gate: principals or r.uthoriZ9d agents only. Ad- '
dress Gravel Mine, care P. o. box 6b, Placerviile. i
V/ftl* 4
fiOR SALE-? 20; HANDSOME BLACK RE-
trieverdog; broken land and water. PAYNE
JEWETT, 97 Clairmont aye., Temescai. Alameda
County, CaL
TjiOß SALE OR TO LET— A RANCH IN CALA-
X veras County; reasonable. For further in-
formation apply to MRS. RAMSEY, 616 Post sis. j
RRIVED TO-DAY - 2 FRESH COWS- i
-cl- large milkers: gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
LARGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIV I
bank safe; cheap. 8 Miss on st.
fj^nl » RE i NT GIVKS 2 GALLONS DAILY.
\J 2403 Hairison st.
COLLECTION OF 10 RARE VIOLINS FROM
V/ the estate of an artist tor sale cheap. Inquire j
410 Kearny st., room 10. .*% h""»
OT. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE; i
KJ stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam,
vwi/ P H z ?, Beaut Perfect color and markings- ,
si v* Fulton st.
IV^'i'^ l^ 00 RANGES ARE THE BEST. 1
■L>l W. s. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
L>OILERS,ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 187 Beale. '
, ARS, BACK. BARS. MIRROKb, SHOW-
»> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture, '
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and i
second hand. J. NoONAN, 1017-IUI9-1021-1U23 !
Mission su, above Sixth. 1
"DARS, SCALES.. MIRROR^, FRENCH ! (
XJranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission. j
(COFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRES^ '
\J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay. !
1 ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BUELV-
XJ Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKi- <
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN^
Mgr. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
r UEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor work send toSPAULDING'S I'ioneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. So. 43. |
pARPET-t KING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN CO Uis
butter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALcOM, prop!
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg alt»r
J . ation works. 409 McAllister. Tel jTsfie Ml.
CIARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED i I lev
'new. 23T.nth; teL South Macklmo?h I Cq
T K. MITCHELL, CVUI'KT-il V•-v 1 v • ,> "
J. 240 14th su; cleaning a^ard^X ?\
COX KLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING YVniiK^
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone" w rjd,
STORAGE. ~~~
B^ c l??r^^^^u^ r i~T7r^^^
-LV houaeholu poods, etc, J. M. PlKKcii. 735 Mku
RUSINESS CHANCES.
CORNER SALOON. CAFE AND GRILL; ON
V Market at. ; most magnificently furnished place
of Us kind and in one of the largest buildings in
the city; one of the finest bars In town; receipts
are at least $3000 and run as' high as $4000 per
month: established over 16 years; has always
done an extensive business; very cheap rent; long _
lease; ln ' place cou l not be duplicated forslP«te|
WUO; M owners cannot acre" they have decided to »•
*» c v" * * rpat sacrifice: full Investigation courted, f I
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market st. /
sfcfif)o MEAT MA RKET ACROSS TH BAY
=T.h refrigerators, cash register, 2 hor*e.<i
ana wagons: steady run of first-class trade, which
in^.\i Veliflsd : immense bargain. A. S. LE^SS, .
1032 Market st.
$1500 C °FFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
iii>, in h(<UBe : opposite lar,'e depot; estab-
crowLs,, y l"-»se. i: ownr there 3 years;
crowded dnriuu' meal hours; steady run all day
A. 8. LESS, 1Q32 Market st.
$750 «™ HH BECURK S AN INTEREST;
P^y neYe C iUm m , Ont ly alary and board: in good-
offer" S oof , f Kte usine a genuine bus.nev*
LE e sS,lSs"^° rk T t '^ mean '°g «PP»'C»nt t A. 8.
S9OO. iiom N Mf rt 8^° OX A FEW DOORS
yfaVsVVn., f ;° fl m ted 1 U p ket A^ : fflggg
5h500 V» OH - NKR OKOCERY AND BAR IN
6 " 0 "^ «R
pORNER C IG A R-STOU E- OID-Fstarl
\j llsh«d: dolngagood. profit, bfe'busK^S
s h< L^ES^st musl be BOld "££^2
/THOSE WHO ARE SEKKINu BU^INFSS
1 places sucl v as saloons, grocery-stores. lodclne-
houstrs, restaurants, dellcutesstrii, .-i K ai-« ■Tirol
butcher-shops, candy-stores, coffee-saloor.s and all
other kinds of Lusiness.it will pay you to consult
the reliable firm of THOMAS & CO., 33 Sixth at
room 18: telephone South 592. Bal i l
ffl? 9 7 X ILL BUY A FINE I'ESTa TJRANT^
«JT— I O. ch.-ap rent: receipts fiom *12 to $15
a day; will bear investigation to this effect. •«
sixth, room 18.
|?INK CANDY-STORii: ON MARKET, DOING
X a good business; will bear investigation. 33
Sixth st., room 18. ";
$1 25 ARTXER AS CASHIER AND AS-
«IDX^U. sistaot in restaurant, $40 per mouthy
100 m and board. Apply 33 Sixth st., room 18. •
IGHEbT CASH PKICE> PAID FuRFURNI-/
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and irrocer^
stocks. BTK.NBKi;o, 632 Market?tel tnalnTo/^
$700 COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
m iW. house; finely fitted up; block north of
Market St.; trial given. 8: ENBERG, 632 Market,
fftflfSO ? LD ESTABLISHED. BKST PAY-
m fh U * I""™" 7 and bar in the Mission-
must be sold; owner has other business; lnvestiga^
tlon; llvlug-rooms. SIEXP.kkg, 632 Market st.
1000 W O9D AND COAL YARD; WELL,
<iP X V\jy. stocked: 4 horses; clears 91i'5 month-
ly: trial given. KTENBERG & CO.. 63-' Market su
THIRST-CLASS REAL ESTATE MAN OR
850 Ma 3 rket V ntedat PROi>IiRTY EXCHANGE,
175 DUMBER OF branch bakkries
n.Tv^v,*"u notion stores: 5176 to« 300. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
©Q7F; SOME GOOD LODGING-
375 ""■
"ftl^O LAHGE LIST OF SALOONS; ALL
•Tv rK-7/, priceSl °m?soto $3000. PROPER-
-1 V EXCHANGE. 850 Market.
SALOON, ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSl-
ness, with i completely furnished rooms,
kitchen and 2 storerooms; also big yard. Inquire
bl7Sacramei.tosU, CHARLES STRENG.
©7^o SA^OON; LONG ESTABLISHED;
iff 1 u\J. good location: good fixtures. Apply
265 Third st.
TTOTEL OF 60 ROOMS TO RENT ON THK
XX Potrero. and furniture for sale; opposite the
Union iron Works. 226 Michigan st.
DEAR SIR: ~"~~
Yes. it's a fact (because of Inevitable private
reason-;). I'm compelled to offer my lund agency
business for sr le, and in order to effect a quic<
deal am wliling to make a great sacrifice and give
some one a great b irgaln and finest business oa
Pacific Coast for almost nothing. You may think
it strange (and so it is) that after 16 years of valu-
able experience In the business, having spent
thousands of dollars In advertising and traveled
the Stare over with horse and ou.-gy inspecting
and appraising nearly every rancn on the Pacific
Coast, and now having secured the agency of
about 3000 choice properties offered for sale and
exchange, earned $30,000 commissions In last five
years, still I've rea ly decided to sell everything
Just as it stands, Including my enormous list of ac"
curate. y written descriptions, together with all con-
tracts, complete set of blanks, specially designed!
and primed set of booKs, diagrams, maps, nun- VI
dreds of photographs, thousands of letters, Hat of If
prospective, purchasers, all furniture, etc., V
in fact, the most complete and best system-
ATIZKD LAND AGENCY IS AMERICA, Occupying
three elegantly furnished f.oul rooms, secured by
long lease at reasonable rent. Everything is In
p rrect condition ajid though having cost thou-
sands of dollars and years of hard work all goes
lor a few hundred dollars^ which should easily ba
made back from deals now in progress within one
month. In conclusion I will say that as the busi-
ness is simple to conduct and prospects were never
belter any wideawake business man can take my
place and make much more in the future thau I
have in the past. Pleasant, profitable and genteel,
with unlimited possibilities. Thorough investiga-
tion invited by yours truly,
' N. D. S CKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
620 Market st., opp. Palace HoteL
QITARTEK INTEREST IX VALUABLE MINE
v£ will be given for spiOO«J, to be exoei.ded in con-
necting with 20-Inch vein of gray copper averag-
ing over $200 per ton, which h»s been opened on
adjoining > hum. 60 feet lrom our property: rail-
rrmd within \\j> miles: references givea Address
H. S CHIRI H, 215 Eighth St., S. F.
FOR SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED FANCY
goods business In Oakland: suitable for lady
understanding fancy work: comfortable living:
rooms adjoining store; price very low. Address
box 12, Call Ofiice, Oaklanl.
SALOON FOR SALE; MARKET ST.; CEN-
■ rally located: popu.ar resort: cheap rent; pro-
prietor has other business; 110 age.its. S. it., box
SALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
and well known: finely fitted up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33 Third su
THIRST-CLASS SALOON; NEAR BALDWIN
X Hotel; must be sold at once: good leasonsfor
selling; no agents. Address STONE, box 114, Call.
GOOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and chop house for sale; good
location. 216 sixth .
FOR SALE— SALOON AND tIGAR-STORE:
reasonable. 500 Ellis st , X \V. cor. Leaven-
worth.
SALOON FOR SALE; A BARGAIN; ON AC-
count of leaving cl y. »15 Market st.
OOD ANO coal YARD for SALE. AP-
»' ply 564 Howard su
YOUNG EASTERN LADY WANTS GENTLE-
X man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
Or. SALE— WKLL-PAYINi; SALOON WITW
good cash trade. 232 Third St. i
yOIT.N'O WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
\-E <F TH BEST .MILK ROUTES IN AL \-
meda county for sale: run by present owner
forl'iyesrs: sickness causa of selling. Address
A. 1. NEW ill, box 1140, Aluineda, or at ranch '
at Fltchburg.
ESTLEMAN PARTNER by attractive
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth st., room 1.
CIGAR-STAND FOR SAI.E-ON MARKET-
V^ rent cheap. Apply Call Ofllce.
ANTED - PRIVATE 4 , PARTY TO AD-
TT vance means to help poor woman recover her
*in n n?ir. frOm estate: administrator has us.d
$10,000 and real property for years: moaey se-
cured by interest In property. B. 8., box 72, CalL
Z^LD CORNER SALOON- BE, SOLD
Bkos:, h ios'I > Sw?ii" weok - APply HILBERT ,
OT AT lON ER V- -TORE-OLD, GOOD-PAYING
VJ place: nice for woman to make a good llvlDg.
Inquire Call OUlce. . r .*V
STOCK OF GROCERIES FOR SALE AT SW.
kJ or. Post and Hyde sts: store to let: rent $25.
rj.HOCEHY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
VJ rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett su
ANIMATOSCOPK— PKOJECTIXG LI V ING
-t\- pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrkt., 7th floor.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THI3
Office.
OKO£ MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£.O£i\J want ads taken lor The Call.
LATEST CAR FENDKR PATENT: BEST IN
XJ veutlon. Apply 823 Golden Gate aye. .• /'* *■
"VfEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR Cl^Y
i.i close to San Francisca For particulars &\\\'i
this oflice. i'.i> v * i\\
OQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
00-7 1 all: fubscriptions and want ads taken.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ,'•;
JOHN K.KICUARD-J, LAW OFFUJE^Thoo^*
26 and 27, Crocker Duilasus; ititynoua M.un
'.5, Kan Francisco, CaL
3 UlU\ K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASKER
O au>s M law, rota did, alb, bih uoor, f arrotioiiUHOUSES TO LET.
• VEWLY PAINTED HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS;
xi rent 911; water tree. 533 5 Twenty-sixth su.
near Mission.
K(\l JoNES-DOWNTOWN: 8 ROOMS AND
O\J i bath; 930. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgy sL
Gjl 7 8 ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
OX I . pered; In good condition. 2123 .Mason st.
•*■ "I 99ft BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
' x£i*j\j yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
' Q4O 1731 BROADWAY. NEAR GOUUH— B
<ID"3^-'. rooms: every convenience; marine view.
BAD TKNANTs KJKCTED; 93- SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
©% 2814 LAGUNA: HOUbE 6 ROOMS.
t^jL\J. $16— 1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
914— Union: 4 rooms.
5 ROOMS; &338 S..COND ST.; 915 PER
month. Key at 589 'econd st. -;,»
7 ROOMS; 6378 Si-.UOND i»T.; 917 PKR
• month. Key at 539 Second st.
f. ROOMS; »NKW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 provemenls; 46 Federal s;.; 915 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 >eco.id su
HOUSES lv KENT Fun VtHV LITTLE
money at HA.l.U\s *. U.iJdJlONi*'^ la
J Womcomerv st.
furnished houses.
t?Legantly furnished RESIDENCE,
XJ containing 11 rooms, north side of O Farrell
st.. neariiough; owner going East; will rent for
six months: no agents. Apply 132 First si.
.' FURNISHED MODERN ri-ROOM HOUSE:
' ' X best location: bath: ,ras range: chicken-yard:
. reasonable. 2067 -"-an Jose are., Alameda.
COTTAGES TO LET.
• X-ROOM.SVN.N V «OJTA<;K: FRUIT TREKS;
0 chlckhouse: modern improvements; rent 315.
.- 317 Clipper su, near Castro.
1 TURK — COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; 3
J O~j*~ rooms la rear; large stable. ■ .
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. lJOlorcs
'■ and Fifteenth »ts. ■ -
9 NEW COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
. ~ basement; corner Twentieth and Folsoni sis.:
no children.
|j>] f: NICE CO'ITAGE; 6 KOuMS: BATH;
■ i£xO. sunny:. yard: celliir. Key 711 Treat aye.
.Q7 AND 99; COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 KOOMS;
j' O • good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
[ *t-. or <». H. UMBSK.N A (O. 14 Montgomery B u
FLATS TO LET;
TEHAMA — MODERN FLAT OF 6
;. i )^. O rooms; latest improvemen:s: rent reduced.
8 ADELAIDE PLACE. OFF TA Y LOR, NEAR
•O Post— nice rooms, 914; central.
f|in EACH-FLAT 1123 VALLEJQ; COT-
' J-U tage 3i Tay. nr. cor. Clay and Powell.
. C'in FLAT: 4 ROOMS, HALL AND OoUBLK
Civ. parlors: yard. 1606y 3 Stevenson 18th.
-. "L'' LAT TO LET : FOB A oMALL FAMILY;
jP-Cheap rent. 805 Capp st.
1 Q9QI SACRAMENTO— FLAT 5 ROOMS:
■ .1 <)—• O-i modern improvements: rent $16.
Q-C\ TOP FLAT; 4 ROOMS; SUNNY. APPLY
« t^O. Bakery, cor. Germauia and Fillmore sis.
..'ftiii NKWLY PAPERED UPPER FLAT:
0 '-• 4 roums, yard. 1324y 3 bacramentost.,
near Jones. ■;,' •
■ UPPER y. Ai OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
"„■ U reasonable. 732 Grove su
O£»O9 NINETEENTH — LOVELY SUNNY
O\.)t )— flat 4 rooms ana tath; modern improve-
ments. f ':'-■■
QQ' TVVI:LFTH— 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH
_" iOOO and laundry; rent 916. Apply 19 Isis su
"-T OWER.UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: BATH;
. . Xj yard; $15, SIS. 12 f<hotw«ll st.,ur. Fourteenth.
FLAT; 7 SUNNY AND LIGHT ROOMS AND
bath: latest improve men. s. 34b7 Twentieth
.. el, bet. Howard and capp. . '■*
THIRST FLOOR. FRONT A D BACK PARLOR,
• I', kitchen, washroom, basement, yard. 1205
. -Golden Gate aye.
■. "PLKGANT B Y-WINDOW, 6 SUNNY ROOMS,
XL/ bah; $i'O. '.Si Minna St., near Nln h. "- •
. 9 - c' NOE, NEAR FOURTEENTH— UPPER
— * fiat 7 large rooms and bath; In perfect order;
r '.sun' all day; drainage perfect.
.- \IKW SUNNY UPPiIK >LAT; 4 BOOMS; 3176
.-■ i-X 25th, cor. Folsom. J.A.ULRICH, 41 Crocker bl.
•70QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 hUOMS;
i — <-' bath: light; sunny; nice yard.
IU.«T; 6 ROOMS AVDBATH; SUNNY BELT;
' X.915 per month: 26i0y a Mission st. Apply 844
. . Capp sU
1 (WOK MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH,
jj tj)i«»J. 1128 noward »t., near Seventh. •
4 -ROOM FLAT; FKDEKAL PLACE, OFF FED-
era! St.; to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 639 second st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
rooms, 98 to 916: see them. , £23 Seventh st.
I^LATS 'io KENT for VKRY LITTLE
1 money at BALI>WLX at HAMUOSI/d, jJ
"■," Aioßtgomerv st.
.;,' / HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Birch Avenue.
" n-\ ' BIRCH AYE., BET. LAGUNA AND BU-
- VJ It) cbanan— 2 rooms and kitchen, 97.
Eddy Street.
: - 7.1 »r EDDY— LARGE ALCOVE FOR LIGHT
.l\O housekeeping: 2 large closets; $15.
X\iUn Street.
VQ99F.LLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
.•_O— •.£ housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
' -1 09Q KLLiB —■* NICELY FUKNISHED
. x\J£U rooms; parlor, piano,2 bedroomS,kltchen.
i 11th Street.
m FIFTH - PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
1 Vt I rooms to leu
.'991 FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
-<-J room with kitchen, furnished for touse-
keeping; reasonable.
\jO) FIFTH— 2 ROOMS; FURNISHED FOR
' ijJmit housekeeping; rent cheap.
99- FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED: HOUSE-
*j£O keeping: 2.911; sunny room 95.
1 olttoin Street.
fr 9- FOLSOM— FURNISHED ROOM FOR
iJZiO housekeeping, 96; single room, 93 50
monthly..
• * tourth Street.
-I f\ni FOURTH ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
lUD2 housekeeplnc rooms; very reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
■ CO5 GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 2 SUNNY
OUO housekeeping rooms, 915: 1 small. 96.
A Grove Street.
%OQ GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
. J J*O and kitchen: suitable for 2: folding-bed:
. grate; bath; etc.
";•;• "■' 1 Haiyht Street.
•1 r\r\ haight-2 sunny 1 " rooms com-
■ • X\>\J pletely furnished for housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
• 7QQ HARRISON— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
I *J*J for housekeeping; large sunny yard; sepa-
rate door; rent $13.
■)<»•■« .-trees..
• fi9l* JESSIE, NEAK SEVENTH— 4 BOOMS;
<-l2.rent $9, .. .;.
Ream? Street.
•99Q K KARXY-30K6 ROOMS COMPLETE
*■*" for housekeeping; also suit and single.
— : — - ■
Lark in Street.
. OOf» PARKIN ST. — 3 X LEG ANT BUNNY
*J±-\J honsokeeplng apartments; gas stove; cen-
tral.
49Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
.~**O for ll?ht housekeeping; terms moderate.
JicAlluifi- MJWeb
990 1 MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
f>4ml\TM housekeeping, also single ro ims: rent low.
.99/^A McALLI TER—NiCBLY FURNISHED
+.£.\t bay-window suite for housekeeping; also
. single.
juiiinn >tre«..
Qfi(\ MINNA — NICELY FURNIBHSD
«->LM 1 housekeeping rooms, also single: cheap. •
. 1. Montgomery Street.
•97 MONTGOMERY, COB, CLAY — OPEN
»'— • until 8:3 o'clock; branch office of The
ft all: subscriptions and want ads taken,
-. ■ X
»**ii.unvt Street.
• Q-| NATOMA, COR. SECOND— SUNNY FRONT
O J ana back housekeeping rooms, 91 50 a week:
' single. 91; quiet p. ace .or decent people.
m" ATOMA C -RNER KIGH 1H — FUR-
nlahed front room and kitchen; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS — Continued.
".Ninth Street.
m NINTH— BAY-WINDOW SUITE FUR-
1. IV rished for housekeeping, $12 20- per month.
1 or. 1 Street. .
n-\ r: PORT-FRONT ALCOVE AND SINGLE
Uit) room; also housekeeping; all conveniences.
7 1 r POST— S LITE UNFCRNISHIiD PAR-
(JiJ ton; also mite furnished huusekpg rooms.
Seventh Street.
8 SEVENTH— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
piete for housekeeping; '£ beds: no children un-
der 12.
.Shot-well Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL— 'i SUNNY CONNECTING
-li rooms lor housekeeping; gas bath.
South ParK.
99 SOUTH PARK— I OR 2 SUNNY ROOMS.'
O— furnished for housekeeping.
1 uik street.
XAO TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
«/Tfc-> room: running water, grate, gas, bath;
privilege of cooking.
>»v Neait Avenne.
390 VAN NESS AYE.— FURNISHED ROOM
0— \J for housekeeping; also single room.
ROOMS TO LET.
Carlos Place.
9 CARLOS PLACE, OFF O'FARRELL, ABOVE
Powell— Furnished sunny rooms 94 and 95.
Chesley Street.
4 BUNNY ROOMS AND YARD; ALSO 2
'X large rooms: rent cheap. Apply 16 Chesley st.
• Clara Street.
■1 r-Q CLARA — 3 ROOMS, UPSTAIRS, IN
100 front: 98; water free.
Clay Street.
I 10j Al COR. CLAY AND MASON—
X lvi sunny front rooms.
Devisadero Street.
1 TH^ DEVISADERO — SUNNY NEATLY
X i U» ) furnished rooms; $4 and 95 a montb.
Eddy Street.
CIO EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED LARGE
O I _ 1 room, also smalt room: $10 and 98.
X')n EDDY— FURNISHED DOUBLK ROOMS,
OOKJ grate, running water. 97; single, 91: house-
keeping.
______ _
tighth Street.
SHERMAN AFABUir.XT HOUSE. 28 BTn
0 su; near Market: lurnished and unfurnished.
KUil Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 tI,U9- INCANDKR-
cent lights In every room: read in?- room, con-
taining daliy 1 crn; "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; opeu all ulzlit: room* per night. osc to
91 6u; week, 92 to 98; montb. 98 to $30: tire es-
capes; elevator on oilice floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready : hot and cold water in each room: baths.
fI'HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
X ART. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
ml ELLIS, NEAR LARKIN — SUNNY
2 rooms suitable for young men near City
Hall; reasonable.
In street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 76c and 91 per night: 92 to 95 per week.
qi;k FIFTH ST.— double parlors and
• >-«.,) kitchen, bath, unfurnished or furnished;
$15 to 9*o.
lolium Street.
7f?m FOLSOM — SUNN V BAY-WINDOW
I UU2 room, suitable for 1 or 2; every conveni-
ence; 97; also single room.
Geary Street.
no GEARY —LAKG IS SUNNY FRONT
f.) I'D rooms: board if desired; back parlor with
piano; suites and single: bath.
791 GE Art V — NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
I — 1 rent reasonab c: references.
Q(\~\ 1 UKARY, CUR. HYDE— HANDSOMELY
OvsXs furnished sunny suite of rooms; bath;
reasonable.
Ql C GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS: SUITE OR
V I O single; folding-beds if desired; reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
r AQ GOLDEN GATE-bUNNY FURNISHED;
0 1/O suitable for two. ■ »
-97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
OS' i mahed rooms to let.
Hickory Avenue.
91 l> HICKORY AYE.— 4 ROOMS; YARD;
*IID rent 911.
xl ward Stream.
OOC; HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
i/UO rooms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
9^Q HOWARD- UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
£ O suites or single.
1 1 OQ HOWARD— SUNNY BACK ROOMS,
1 1 — d 81 week; front rooms with closets, 96 50
per month.
1 I A 9 HOWaRD-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
1 1 'i— iront, rooms; range; water; rent 910 to
912 50.
Jones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—V' I management: elegant funny suites and
single: newly furnished; bain, etc.: 910 t0 930.
9 I JONES-FHONT ROOM FOR GENTLE-
— 1«J man: gas and bath ; S.
Keamy Street.
A PLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
2V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
•Lark in Strees.
]"I 1 9 LARKIN — LARGE FURNISHED
1 J- 1*- rooms: running water; also single; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
1 1 I CLARKIN-NEWLY FURNISHED PAI4-
-1 J. 1 O lor floor of 3 rooms.
1 k ">nn LaK«.IN, COR. BOSH— SUNNY FUR-
-1-UU clshed rooms; *4 and 95.
Lily Avenue.
1 QQ LILY AYE.— NICE, FURNISHED, SIN-
-100 gle front room.
Market Street,
70 Ql MARKET— LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
-1 CO<{ rooms In suites or single; rent reasonable.
V"OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 935 to 91; week, 91 60 t0 95: families.
l"o9fi MARKET— FURNISH AND UN-
-1 t/—u furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Slason street.
yfl Q MASON-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
t:1 O comfortable rooms; very reasonable.
BMAPON, COR. MAHKHT (ALBEMARLE)—
Nicely furnished sunny front rooms on Market
st. : suite or single; suitable for office*.
-1919 MASON, BETWEEN JACKSON AND
I Jj ' — Washington — Snuny and elegant fur.
nisbed rooms; cheap. Inquire between 10 a. m.
and 6 p. M.
McAllister Street.
A-1 9 MCALLISTER — NICE SUNNY FUR-
"1 1 -£ niebed rooms- double or single; cheap.
Minna Street.
AQI MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH-NICE
trOX front i00m5,96 maun; hot. cold water baths.
4')' MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
•X»")t) Third floor, 6 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas; 918.
t't'i-. MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
OU I furnished bay-»in<iow rooms; 9 1 a week.
. • AiibSion Street.
TTANCOCK HOUSE, '781 MISSION; SELECT
XX lamily rooming-house; 91 50 to 915 per week.
*l 1 Ai-f MISSION — NICt; SUNNY ROOMS
1 14 1 from 94 to 95 per month.
1991 MISSION— BINGLK ..ND KN SUITE;
1 <-.*-. 1. rent reasonable; sunny.
99 El MISSION — SUN N V FRONT ROOM;
+-4-*j\- gentleman; bath; rent 97: also single.
> atoms Streec.
9Q91 A TOM A. NEAR FOUKTH— 2 ROOMS;
Z.O^2 water; yard.
luurll Street.
1 O POWELL— NEWLY FURNISHED BUNNY
X O rooms: suite or single.
j I'ine mv«..
SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS TO RENT
from $5 up; also a large front parlor with use
of piano. 609 V . c -1.
COl PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
\j£d x also use of kitchen for man and wife
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897. .
BOOMS TO LET- Continued,
:-> i (Mid Mree..
pENTRAL HOT SK, 5-' SECOND— FOR PER-
V- mancnt or transient; quiet aud respectable;
reasonable.
'91 7 SECOND— FURNISHED SIN-
- • c!e and double rooms; clean; quiet; $1
week up.
Mxth Street.
QQ PIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; *11 conveniences; fireproof building.
Keventn stree..
1 AC) SEVENTH ST., OIKARD HOUSE— ELK-
Ii- gam furn. suites. kitchen; also single rooms
hieveiison Street.
7QJ STEVENSON, OFF NINTH— LARGE
4 Otl furnished room: use of bath.
utter Street. 1 •
Ann BUTTER, nr.~po\vell— elegantly
T«iiU newly furnisiied light sunny rooms, offices;
bath; central; reasonable; appreciated If seen by
doctor.
ci A BITTER ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
i->l rooms; lulte/or single; low rent to desirable
tenants. '; ..■:
7QI SCTTER-NEWLY IFURXISHED HZ
I Ol cove suite; breakfast if desired; reasonable.
Stockton street.
rpKK EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
X nished suites from $4 to 910 a week; single
rooms, $1 . 0 to 93 a week; hot and cold water In
every room; baths: transient specialty: tlevntor.
■\v.' f .; Taylor Street.
"Jl9 TAYLOR — FURNISHED OR
.1.1-. unfurnished bunny rooms; transients 50c
to 91.
Turk Street. T* i;
«_>l f\ TURK- NKWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OIU suite; private tamily; en suite or single;
batb.
Webster Street.
991 ft WEBSTER— SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
*.-lC nisbed rooms tor gentlemen: references.
Miscellaneous.
QW. COR. SIXTEEN i taToT., NEAR MISSION:
0 branch office of The Call. (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
1 £\9O CALIFORNIA — NBWLY FUr"
lu-U nlshc i pleasant rooms, with table board;
terms moderate.
7QI SUTTER— ALEXANDRI \— BEST AND
• Ol cheapest family hotel In the city; new and
elegant suites; also slugle rooms.
A 1 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY ROOM IOK 2,
•11- with board; *'_'U each.
9 FURNISHED ROOMS IN PRIVATE FAM2
• — Ily for young couple, ail 211 Ninth si.
Id 01 VAN N >- - COR. BUSH— SUNNY"
11 v/ 1. double and slncie rooms with board; teL
\C\-) VAN NF.SS— PARLOR SUITE AND
«JU— other rooms; board optional.
719 POST— 2 ELY F U RJN IeHtD ROOMS,
ll— with board, suitable for 2; 920c&ch; parlor
and piano.
997 GEARY— NICKLY*'URNISHED:ROOMB
__ I en suite or single; first-class table board
M SIXTH ST.— THE MANCHESTER; ELK-
J J" gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 B. SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN 15OAKDJKD.
COMFORTABLE HOME FOR COUPLE OF
v cnildren, or no objection to infant; terms
reasonable. Address S»>3l Twenty-first St., above
Church. ''.•'-'■
\\T ANTED— CHILD TO HOARD. 318 MAD-
' > rid sl, near .Mission road.
LADY IN COUNTRY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2
small children to boar.i or Infant to raise; very
reasonable; best of references given. Inquire at
Call Office.
STORES TO LET.
A SHTON <fc GARDINER, 411 atOBTUOM-
-■"A. cry st. Cor. 1700 Market su; will rent very
cheap.
AKBEK-SUOP. WITH BATHS: KSTAB-
llshed 16 yean: $18 per month; key at 639
second st. --. v
carpenter-<hop: 97 per month. 6De Boom tU;
key at 539 second -:.
r umoing-shop; 58 per month. 8 De Boom St.:
key at 639 second su
Corner store, 531 second st.; 914 per month;
key at 639 second st.
"I I Q TENTH— LARGE STOKE IN UOOD OR-
XXO der: low rent; good tenant.
4 I « FOURTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
tfcXO In rear: low rent. Apply to U. li. UiIBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
QTORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LIVING-
-0 rooms. 1802 Howard au, cor. Fourteenth;
rent cheap.
IMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Markeu 15 Grant aye.
AT LOW RENT— PART Of tsTOKE AND
ba^emenL 324 Post St.
OFFICES TO LET.
rPHREE-ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE; RENT
X *8. 2041 Harrison si., opposite Eighteenth.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell — Desirabe offices, with gas, janitor und
elevator. BOVEii, TOY A: Co., 30 Montgomery.
T ARGE SUNNY OFUCE; FULLY FURNISH-
-LJ ed; deskroom: cheap. Call 916 Market, rm 69.
DKSKROOM TO LET; CHEAP RENT. AP-
t)!y 609 Kearn» su. room 8.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
CALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of nil inarm. 228 Pus..
T?LEGANT BRUENN PIA O: G »OD AS
-Ej new; sacrifice. BRUENN 228 Post st.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
A anos; won hly pa ments from *6 up; dellv*
er>d free with soil and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason; estab
llshed over 20 years.
Hill AH UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
«IP±VV. bargain. BRUKNN'S, 2*B Post su
"L^LEOANT STEINWAY UPRIGHT FOR hALE
Tj on account of departure; 3 peJals. THt F
W. fePENCER COMPANY, «33 Market St., opp.
Mason. ■'*!■.
A r OU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
1 BRUKNN'S piano house, 228 PoU st.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A bouse west of Chicago Is KOHLER <&
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 u' l- arrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all otht-r musical instruments, o'i all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
"LOR HALE-VERY CHEAP; TERMS IF DE-
X sired: or will exchange for san Francisco resi-
dence property: fine large modern, residence la
San Jose: clear; every convenience; best loca-
tion; on electric-car I ne; beautliul garden; fino
frnit trees. J. M. SULLIVAN, U. li. Mint, Ban
Francisco. ■ ■.-...-••.•; ••.-.•* '.;;":
, ON A FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bimh <&. Gerts and others: sec*
ond-band pianos from '9100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 1 on.
FINE WEBER. 9200; STEIN WAY, 9175;
Hardman, 9350: orvan, 950: excellent condi-
tion. second floor, Flood but. ding, THKD.KW-
ING co.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY it CO., Krarny and Hotter sts.
* DMINISiKATOU'S SALE — MUST SELL,
SV pianos at immeiibe reduction for cash or on
Jus ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 .Market.
WHY PAY REN FOR A PIANO WHEN
II the same monthly payment* . will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CCS; „•;*.'
GOOD UPRIGHTS »IV!S, «150 AND 9175:
square 965: call soon. JIAUVaIS MUUXU
COMPANY, 769 Market su ; i
fpHE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
1 from stelnway down, can be found at slltilt-
MAN, CLaY & COs.
AHOAI.V. kink large UPR IGHT.CHKA P
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Uibernia Bank.
AT SHERMaK, CLAY & CO.'3 ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos- .
HOBNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant «nd powerful tone. 216 Post st.
r O. BADGER. SOLE A FOR H ALLET
•A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 413 sacto.
Fi ANO SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 'a
X on very easy payments.
SHAW. svTEINWAY 9260. CHICKERING
9185; great bargains; 94 mo. Hi£lNE.l36 Ellis.
YKO.V MAI ZY. SU£ Pv ST ST.— >OHMiiU,
N ewbv A Evans. Bryrcs and other pianos.
V UPJKKIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKK3, OLD NEW
*. 11. MULLER, maker, repairer. 'I Latham place.
PERSONALS.
"VT'OUNG MAN, WITH FAIR INCOME, DE-
X sires the acquaintance of young working girl;
object matrlmuny; «lye particulars. A. H., box
69, Call. .
NTI-BURULAK DEVICES PUT IN ANY
; building from 91 up. D.. box 1, Call Office.
p ENTLEMAN. 35 YEARB OLD, CULTURED,
V.T with amlab c disposition and kind heart,
speaking »ever»l languages, desires to find a posi-
tion in a nice family a* an Instructor or compan-
ion: money not so much object as a good home;
highest references. Please address M. M., box 71,
Call Office.
MALARIA— .-.; "
1 hkt deadly poison which permeates the sys-
tem, bret-di RHEUMATISM an 1 other Ills-Is
thorousnly eradiated wlihout t'je use of medi-
cine by a course of baths at
DR. SMITH'S
ELK* TRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
Try one to-day and you will be surprised at the
good resu't aud be only tco anxious to continue
the treatment. FRJSK consultation 1 to 3 and 6 to
8: Sundays 10 to 12. Call or address 1633 BU-
CHANAN ST.
I Ha VK IMITATORS, L TK OF THEM; BUT
there's only one— G. LEDEKER— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of ha.
dresslng is 25c. Hair-dressing with shampoo, 60c.
"Q IaONIA" Hair Tonic 85c. Gray or bleached
hair restored to natural color with perfectly harm-
less prei aration. <•. l,tDtßth, 111 fctotkton st.
Be sure of the number.
SSTROZINSKI, 24 GEARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
rpELEGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING PRAC-
X tically taught; day or evening: 96 per month.
7 Hyde st.
/"\LD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J NOLTi-, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WOKK DONE REA-
X souable: 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. G.R.WEBaTEK, 1027 Market
street, room 6.
WAM'KD-BV MIDDLE-AGED AMEKICAN
' > gentleman .of Kind disposition, domestic
habits, temp*rate, refined, eaucaied. industrious,
honorable, thorough business experience good ap-
pearance and well preserved, to correspond with
widow between 40 and 50 rears, who has
properly or business and In need of an bone<t,
conscientious helper; object, after tej. of my
ability, intecrity and worthiness, matrimony.
Address Z., box 60, Call ciffice; correspondence
sacred, returned if desired.
VKGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his ad van- by calling upon LAN DRY
C. BaBIN, 4 13 Kearny st.
MISS OLLIK LAKE. CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatmenu Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Suiter ,-.. •;..-;*. J
DVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
laity: private; no fee without, success; pro-
hale, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale*
damages, etc : private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-iaw, 850 Markrt.cor.Stocktn
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
ria^e; terms of payment obteing; legal every-
where. Address lock box F.. 906 Market st., &F.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
X lowest estimates best work guarante «1; wall pa-
per roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
All S KKKUANIrOKMKKLY WITH G. LED-
-1»A erer) has opened a stylish haliM re«lng par or;
latest effects ;prlce 26c 124^ O" Farrell, nr.Powell.
T AURA DE FOHCE GOKD>N. ATTORNEY
Xj at law. 1236 Market," over J. J. O'Brien's.
\f ETROPOLITAN I-ETKCTIVJS BUREAU.
l'l Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 640-
-641: hours « a K. to 13 p. M.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 f\t\f\ CAKDS, 91 SU. SHOW CARDS, ETC.
IUUU TeU Black 141. HILL, 22Vi Geary si..
<£>! A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS Al' WIL.
Ol SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
C 97 jaoNTOOMEttV ST., BRANCH OFFICE
OZi i otTaxCALL; want ads and subscriptions
taken. j
L>AI'.TINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc, 424. Pine au; illustrations luruianeU
for magazines, newspapers, etc
ARTISTIC H AIRI>REs*ING, 25c; 925 FOR
A cases of hair failing; or dandruff I cannot cure.
MRS. UUBBARD, 1104 Alurket su, room 28.
IJUPTUKE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
It until cored: send for book. DR3. Ma.V9i
FIELD 4 PORT KRF I ELD. bSH Market st.
MAGNIsCOPE — NEW PKOJ t-CTI-NG MA-
chine: uses the kinetoscope him*, price 9260.
BACIUALUPI. 946 Market st.
ALL PAPER, 4C! A KuLL; PAPER HANG-
'• Ing. paintlUß.etc, by contract or day's work, at
your own pnee. N.K. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster su
IJIG OUTDOOR STKRhOPTICOXsHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market nod Sixth stsl; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELrCTRIC -LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market:
1:00 rooms. .'sc to 91 60 per night: 91 50 to 96 per
week ; tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry..
pLOAKH, KUKS AN li Mils i.ETAILKD AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sanaoma st.
V WKKKR NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THjJi
-A. WEEKLY CALL, to wraoper, for maUin*
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
lamous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her If you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changed, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your troub'e. suspicions or de»lre%
call on this gifted woman aud she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever b-fora.
Hours «a. m. to BP. *.. strict. N. B.— Sa.isfactlon
guaranteed by mall, bond stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
; c. ' c a c;
• Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will ton-tell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck In love courtship and marriage: business
and mining Investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fit" h su, room L
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by ems and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, luture; consultations on ail attain; noth-
Ing excepted; names given: Rood advice; sura
help; restores lost lovs t>y svmpatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: letter 92. 929 Post su. nr Larkln.
SPIRITUAL TEST MEETING TO-NIGHT AT
Washington Hall, 5 Edd» st . by Dr. Schles-
lnger and Mrs. Irene Smith; admission free.
PECI A L, TEST MEETING. 335 McALLISTKR
O st. Stitt Clemens: other media us invited; 10
cents. . . ,
MISS BEKNHAKi* RETURNED; CARD-
reader and majnetisu 17a Sixth St., room 10,
second floor.
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND B&STME-
\J dium: 25c; one price. 41 Minna, nr. Second.
\ LICE FAY, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
J\. healer; permanent. 128 Seventh st., top fiat.
\1 ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
■i'A business advice: Dames given; 25c up.s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
\PSY LIFE- DEADER REMOVED TO 8
Seventh st, nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents SOc
"|}ETURNED— EVA 'FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
It life-reader, satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4th.
ME. MORLAU.BESI CLAIRVOYANT AND
lfX medium lv city: tee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
ant; card-reader. 846 Folsom st.
VI Mr.. LEON A RETURNED; CARDHEADKR;
Ii- magnetic treatment 996 Market, room 3.
Mtt WALTERS OF TEHAMA; cards- la
ill dw*. 26c: gents, SOc ■■ 851 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. SYBILLK TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
-^'-l grave; pictures glveu:ladles2sc: 914 O'Farrell.
ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
'past, present and future; 26c 148 6th, r. 5.
MRB. LEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
X»l. healer. 605 Post su, room 2.
Mi NKLSON, MEDIUM AND CARD-
reader. 120 tddy st., room 1.
ME. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c: one price. 311 Tehama. nr. 4th.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 108 SIXTH— MRS. FLEMING'S 81'IR-
lioal healing; teat developing circle at 2 p. m.-
ad mission 20c " '*
VJ MA V<> STEERS, 112% OAK ST.; CIK-
-I*l els Tuesday, 8 p. m., also x'harslay, a pm.-
readings 91. -
1 RS. C. J. MEYER, CIR, TO-NIGHT. TUES
'' Wed. and Fri , aP. it.; trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. ere., 2. c; siulngs daily. 826 McA lister su
dna Wallace, "THE original 11 me-
dium and magnetic healer, 865Va Market st.
room 10. . ,
A* KB. HLLIS. MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, 91;
l'l circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. V., 26c 333 Valencia.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FKANCiS, ' . INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer USHaI-h-su: hours 9 until 6 pm.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grtd.HTpnotlcMesmertolns,6 O' Far red
CITY REAL ESTATE.
4- ROOM COTTAGE: HARD FINISHED;
7 price *115U: $600 down, the remainder at $8
per month, wlihou interest, until paid. Corner of
California and Powell avps.. Mi«siin- •
Al INVESTMENT— NKw r^Als J. i BE-
•t* ing completed on Fulton st.. near Lyou: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
$ii.innn FoR s alb or exchange.
(JtUUU. New cottage on 23d aye- East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bain: high basement; br.c*
toundaaon; Day windows; lot B'.'ilfi'J.
ii. IX. UMBSEN <St CO M
14 Montgomery st.
VTEW HOUSES JUST COMPLETrD; SUNNY
Xi side of Cole St., near Waller: 8 and lv rooms:
large lots, 125 ftetdeep; street to bo- bituminized.
Apply premises-
•Q 1 U(\l\ MODERN COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS,
t3>J.Uv/V/. near station. In Berkeley; terms
easy. CHARLES A. BAILEY. .0 Mon gomerysu
BA .IX-..01 25x1i»7:6 ON HAVES ST,,
south side, west of more; 92900. Owner
313 Hayes it.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
OTANFORD ESTATE LANDS
FOR SALE .
BY MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ATE brokers
AND FINANCIAL agents.
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
REDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
IV ihe famous orange belt— The property known
as the " btUlman Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlands ' aLd only one mile
from the business center. surrounded
by the beautiful orange groves and resi-
dences for which tbal p. ace is well known. The
property Is planted 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres in grapes, and also oranges, al-
falfa aid grain: only a tew hundred feet from two
roads; winery and everything necessary for
wine making: all under Irrigation. - This property
can be subdivided into town lots or acre lots: total
acreage •Jb'J y 3 acres.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— THE PROP
0 erty known as the "McCoppin Tract,"
containing 320 acres: two miles from
the town of San Luis Obispo; planted
in barley and hay: rich black soil; farm-
bouse, barn and oilier out-houses suitable for
fruits and vegetables: picturesque locality and
Jlne climate. San Luis Obispo Is on the coast line
of railroad which will toon be completed through
to Los Angeles ana be the choice scenic overland
route.
rpEHAMA PROPERTY KNOWN
X as the "Copeland Ranch," containing 2000
acres, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging
to Stanford University. The Copeland ranch, was
used by Governor Stanford as a horse farm, and
every nprlian<e for raising and training horses
exists Ui.'ie, including barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc with good dwellings,
men's quarters, etc.; the soil is rich black rlv r
bottom, covered with tine oaks: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch by- steamboats: abundant water for irri-
gation from Deer Creek is distributed all over the
land; the selection of ibis tract by Governor Stau-
ford warrants its excellence as a horse farm, '
rnEHAMA COUNT V— PROPERTY KNOWN
-L as the ••Shafer Iract." containing 240 acres,
on Deer Creek, about one mile from Copeland
ranch: partially planted in -assorted fruits and
vineyard: hi under irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced,
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st. }, "-y\ 'v
OR SALE VERY CHEAP; TERMS IF BE-
sired, or will exchange for Pan Francisco resi-
dent property: (i >c lnr«e mo lern residence in San
Jose: clear.: every convenience; best location on
electric-car line: beautiful garden, fine fruit trees.
J. M. SULLIVAN. U. S. Mint, San Francisco.
FR SALE— I2uO At RES GR IN AND FRUIT
land; fenced and improved. Inquire .N. a.
iiR 1 TON, Williams, CaL
SAN RAFAEL— TO LEASE, COTTAGE OF 7
0 rooms, bath, stable, fruit trees, etc ; reasonable
rent to good tenant. R J. TRUJuBULL, 419 San-
some su
TITANTED— TO KXI'HANOE OR SELL A
" ranch in Sonoma County for a city. Oakland
or Sauaati o property. Apply 1318 Lark in su
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, San Francisco, CaL
ANCH BARGAIN: 55 PER ACRE; 1280
It acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, CHI Office.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
-Lj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. 8. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
• In S. F. , Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no <ommlsslons: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 .Mission sl, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
Q'-inO f)fl(\ AT 61 6 PER CENT ON CITY
<tir*i\J\J.\J\J\J real estate; also Oakland :estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tbe very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGE*
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
aIcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery su. room 8.
A— PHIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest. Is the secret of our success.
cut-rata Loan office. Flood building, *09 Market.
c;'>)^ nfJAAT BANK RATES: IsT AND
(JIJiitJ.UUU ad mortgages, estates rents, eta:
lend as low as 50. H. MURPHY, 623 Maricetst.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. BCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
CJCOO.OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRuP-
»2)*/erty ; low rates. .A. SCHILLER, 420 Cala. sL
I OAN» ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
XJ of Interest. JAS.B.B) OOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. W i.l.iaMs, Pine st., room 3.
C»;\f\ TO $60. 000; Low Ksl KATh: ls>T&-JU
Q«JU mortgage; Hat orlnstlmnt. Dryden. 635 Cal.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS*. JK»v Ki,KY.i-.i».
xV Columbia Iran A 1 ollstteral iii!ir> *.< 1 ran: avn.
**NAACIAL.
WANTED— 6,000 ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
»» payl g vineyard: principals only. M., 148, Call
HORSES.
PERSONAL PROPERTY SALE OF HORSE,
cart and harness, the property of B. McMahon,
will be sold for boat d bill at auction at <* rand Ar-
cade stab c, »27 sixto St.. S. F., Wednesday, Feb.
17, 1897. at 11 o'clock a. m.
irk HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
jL\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.: anctlon sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auc.ioneers.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCE'S livery sta.le. 38 12th st
C f\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
tJUbuslness 900 to l&OO pounds. O.d Turk-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mules.
crwv SET NEW AND bECON I>-H AN u HaK-
• \J\J\J ness; all kinds: bng«ty.wa«on, carts, sarrer
& rocka way ; 40 cheap \ horses, loin, and Valencia.
rA HEAD DRIVJNU AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS AMD CARRIAGES.
AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
xN dry and milk-wagon; also fine top baggy and
rockaway. B*B Harrison st. "L-- ; c
V S- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOhCE LAWS A SPEC-
Jt\ ialty : private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives: eslab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. corner Stockton su
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
j9I cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON. . 927 Market st.
RW. KING, ATTgRNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. icle building: advice free; lowfe s: all cases,
4 I>VICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
A cessful. J. G. JEKFRi BS. 632 Market, rm 23.
BICYCLES.
ST-.ARNS SPECIAL AND A ROAD WHEEL
for sale at a sacrifice. Call at once oia Geary.
SKCOND-HAND— 2 TANDEM-, $80 AND $90;
2 roadsters, $25 and SO good a new. Golden
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary su
. PHOTOGRAPHERS , SUPPLIES.
"PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, ( HKMI-
x c.tin, paper and 6 plates, $2 50. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary St.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. CDONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
JL/ 2861 25th su ; diseases of women a specialty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RKAIj ESTATE.
C^H-AP OAKLAND PROPERTY— f 3500 —
in Law cottage: 55x1-.'O: Adeline St., nr. Tenth.
$22 uli per foot— 7 beautiful building lots; Mx
150 each: Prospect at., near Telegraph aye.; tine
residence adjuiutng.
*1750-M dern cottage; Adeline st., near Four-
teenth: worth $2500.
$I . a 0 ,, 11^ /' " l - Ftn e lots on Piedmont cable
road: half their value.
$2500— Moderu co.ta?e with large lot to ex-
change for larger place near local road.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
460 Mghth St., Oakland.
WE HAVE FARMS FOX SALE, TAKEN OX
?T morteace at half the actual value. AVERS
& CO., 465 Ninth 5... Oakland. ai^hb
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo for 4950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7.>, $.> cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth si., Oakland, 11. Z. JONES, Owner.
Q-'JZ. TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«p) I <-* lots In the town of Fitchburg; a Dew sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from Saa Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
c.v minutes; term* to suit buyers. Apply to
('. M. M'SliLt, owner. VjlS^-j Wasningluu au,
Oakland Cat.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEHENrS
AtAIIIEDA KJ£AZi KSTATTS.
1, EAUT ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS.
1 ' examine Damon's mo 1 c cottages; 4,6 and 8
moms; $1760, 2050. $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near Second-aye station. Office, 602 Market.
JfcK A FRONT FOOT: A SPECULATION: 600
ifrO feet of frontage: will make 20 2 .v foot lots;
adjolnipg ]> operty held at $I.' a froa' foot; must
be sold; 3 blocks from Bay station, Alameda. W.
B. FITCH. B*ystaiiOD. Mameda. or GAM AN &
LYON, 215 Kearny st., San Francisco.
00 A A FKONT FOOT; 10'Jxl50; STREET
«jn*-tr work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
trom Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alamtda. or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
BARGAIN— 25 ACRESCHOICK FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vgetables, $25 »cfe; 83 acres rich
sol., 4 flowing sprVs, $35 ai re, all f- need. nr. Pleas-
anton, Alameda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
AKGAINS^B3OP R FOOT;LO IS ON NORTH
1 ■ side San Antonio aye., near Grand St.
*1 250— 60x150; fan Jos'* aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750— 50x150. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; north side of street: m us; be sold at
ouce.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500^ark St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS. N. W. CORNER CEN-
■XX tral aye. and Benton st : one block from Mor-
ton Station; an elegant residence: fine, large
grounds; good location lor family boarding. T. t\
BAIRD, 1303 Park st., Alameda.
171 iNE 2-STORY HOUSE, RECENTLY RENO-
. vatt-d: 9 rooms. 2025 San Jose aye., Alameda.
Get off at Chestnut-SL station. Apply by letter to
W. A. KEEFI-R, room 67, 14 Grant aye., S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
: \ r E^v"f>KijOM COTTAGE: MANTEL^ BATH",
XI pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
chick>n-bouse; fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1500. W. C. MORAS,
Lorin. or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate.
IiKUKELKV HOUSES.
L URNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
I bath, gas. laundry; near 3 car lines. Mas. 5.
J. IN GALL. I*,1 *, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r\(\ HOUSES AND LOTsT~FITo>I $200~~TO
O\J $28, COO: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O foraale. \VOO«*TBR 4 WHITTOV. San Jose
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOUSE OF 2 OR 3 FLATS; MUST BE
modern throughout and centrally located. Ad-
dress B. L.. box 30, t Is office.
MEDICAL. ;v
ANKW PROCESS; NO MEDICINE OR IN-
strumeots used; every woman her own physi-
cian: all female troubles, no matter what cause;
restores always in one day: can be sent and used
at home : travelers helped at once: be not d ce.ved
by self-praised advertiser! : money refunded in
every case if a cure is not effected; if you wart to
be treated safely cal on a man physician with reli-
able knowledge. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny si.
SURE . SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
ail female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, a home la confinement
with b st care, with the privacy of * home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential.
Mils. DR. OWYtR,i2B Turk st.
DR. J. H. JOSSKLYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, ha is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellcte organism Is beyond his sure con*
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure aud
safe In their effects.' His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all other* 1 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. 'Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cans-) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celeorateu remed.es for monthly
suppression never fai: medical electricity for all
fema c comp alms: every case guaranteed: con-
su ration fr. c. confiden.lal: hours 10 to 5; pil s$L
MRS. DR. WYfcTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
iess; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no mutter what came; no elec ricity bum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money lv every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernla
Bank: hours, 9 A. it. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TOBK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and otters have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
R. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute . cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma:ter what cause): positively safe and
sure; bo Gang r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt uf prica W ALLKit
BROS.. S3 Grant are.
R. AND MRS. WKGENKR. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
SPtCI.'LIST WITHOUT REPUTATION, A
0 stranger and poor, wishes to act as nurse to
patient of either sex suffering - f om I skin disease,
ca.icer or secondary syphilis; speedy cure guar-
anteed without conditions. F. M., box 48, Call, j
RS. ; GOODWIN, SPECIALIST:. LADIES,
near or f.ir, safe, qu ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or Irregularities: bestskui: free diagnosis;
low fees; self cure. : 401 Van Ness aye.
A LPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: $2 60 express CO. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland; Cal.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
JrV. Institute all cases treated ana medicines fur-
n shed for 61: call or write. 1029 Vs M rket st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, ban > runciacu, Cal. -.
ffl£s*n(V paid fok ACA>E 1 fail to cure
(J)t)uu of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. 8C0T1 ,410 Geary
DtJ PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and . efficient emmenazogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggists. 406 Clay St., sole agts,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1081 Marcet st. his 30 year*
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARS.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth su, Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FKJIALti Dl KASB
I«e«MRS.DR, I' KTZ and be content. ib4>& 4ta.
I |K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. Nr.Ail
1 ' Jones. Diseases of wemen ana children.
HOTELS.
IJROOKLYN HOTEL, '208-212 BUSH BT,
i-> board and room 91 to '£ per day. $6 to i $12
per week;, choice rooms 60 cent* to 91: suite
rooms for family SI to SI 50 per night: first-class,
service; tree coach. CH.ABLKS MONTGOM.i.iiV
DENTISTS. - - .
87 FULL SET TEETH: BlssT MAKE;
«p I • kept 1 1 repair; extracting free; filllncs,soc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 THird.
ULI, SET OK TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
St years; palnles>ex.ractiun:seeournewcomMna-
tlon plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted li< y«ars nlllngs. 50c; crowns, $3 -0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
. evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVELY PA LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell. tel.main&37s
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: CHEAP: PA\-
X I able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th an 1 Mission.
C HALF ANT A CHALF ANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: brtdgework a specialty.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 80S MAR-
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DEcKEIt.
Q7_ A SET FOR TEUTH-WAKKANTED A3
0 < good as can be made; filling $1 DR islMildt
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 year*
experience. R. L. WALSH. UD.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
teeth' from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A fLATIt liti.
11. G. Young, 1841 Polk su
CKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 739 MAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; . gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. *1: plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
Da GEOHGK W. LEEK. THE 'GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from to UJO'Farrei.W;.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB>
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market su
LOST. : J^: : A '
T OST— ENGLISH PUG PUP. PLEASE BE-
XJ turn to 7J5 Harrison st. and receive row.
LOST OR STOLEN— AN ENGLISH SETTER;
X-l b'HCk. white and tan ticked: 1-year old "dog":
one side of muzzle tan and the other white. j;e-
turn to 1404 Church st. and receive 93.
1 OST— GENTS GOLD RING, INTAGLIO SET-
Xj Hag, bet sixteenth and Fosom and Twenty-
fourth and Valencia sts. Return to 3526 Twenty-
fourth st.
BRANCH OFFICE OF TH CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ st.: want ads and sutscrlptlons taken. , -
"L'EB. 1, DARK-BROWN WATER-SPANIEL.
X Return to 1609 Geary st- and receive reward.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TBJ&
CS. WEEKLY CALL. In wraoner. for mailine. •
BiiJTIK-r-MARRIAtiES— MATHS.
JBirth. marriage aaJ death notic a s sent hr mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In »-. !
either of the publication office* and be indorse 1
with the name and residence 01 peraont uutuoruai
to have the bams published. ]
MARRIED.
FEELY— HUBBARD— In Gual&la, Mendoclno
County, February 10. 1H97. Colin i-eely of Gua-
lalaand Margie M. Huhoar of Caspar.
PIERCE— KELLY - Frei K. Pierco and Sara
X 11', both of Co'.rna
lilt.!). ~
Ten, William O. McGeary, Andrew
BrzezinsKi. Maria Midi^an. Elizabeth
Day, Minnie Malnrk.w, Mark J.
Ford, Edwin C. .Mannlug, Hermann
Hoar. Elizabeth O'Kourke. Charlotte
Jones. David J. Pdlln, Cornelius F. •
Juckicn, Mrs. Frances schaefcr Conrad
■ Kenney, Thomas A. sioaae. Catherine .
• Lang, Charles • Stevenson. Mary
Lamb, Fr .ncls H. ' Sullivan, JamtM
Lightner, Dorothea Zaun, Christina ' '
BERG— In th» Citr an-l County Hosol'*!, Feb-
ruary 14. 1b97. William O. Berg, axed 63 years. «
BRZEZINSKI— In this city. February 14. 1897,
Maria, Deloved wife of Jo<eph Krzezlnski. and
mother of AOe'a, Lizzie. Clementina, Agnes and
Km:i Brzezi"ski, a native of btumsdori', Ger-
many, aged 47 years.
DAY— In the City and County Hospital, Febru-
ary 14, 1897, Minnie Day, aged 48 years-
FORD— In this city, February 12, 1897. Edwin
Charges, beiovei ana only son or Charles H. and
Ida Ford, a native of San Francisco, aged 9 years
10 miii ani 12 days.
S3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend me funeral THIS KAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of his parents, 10 Leroy place, off Sacramento
street, between Jo les and Leavenworta. Inter*
ment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOAR— In this city. February 13. 1897. Eliza-
beth, -viie o the lat». Michael Hoar, and mother
or 1 i/.zie and May Hoar, a native or Cahir. County
Tippeiary. Ireland, aged 62 years.
£9" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence., l."> Tehama street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church. Fremont and Harrison streets, for
services at 10 o'clock a. si. In.erment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JONKB— In this city, February 13. 1897, David
J., beloved husband of Catherine Jones, and
father of Edwin and Theo Jones, Mm. Mary
Porter and Mrs. F. Harrington, a native of
W leg. eland, a*eii 59 years.:
AS" Friends and acquaintances and members of
Cambrian Mutual Aid Society are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. h., from his late resi-
dence, 12 Hawthorne street, between Howard
and Folsom.
JUCKSCH-In West Berkeley, February 14, 1897,
Mrs. Frances Juckscb, a native of Hanover,
Germany, ag«l 80 years and 9 months.
KENNEY— In this city. February 12, 1897,
Thomas A. Kenney, a native of baa Francisco,
aged 7 years 2 months and 5 days.
LAMB— In Oakland, February 14.1897, Francis
H. Lamb, a native or Worcester, Mass., age 4 63
years 5 months and 20 days.
LANG — in the City and County Hospital.
February 13, 1897, Charles Lang, aged 26 years.
LIGHTNER— In this city, February 13. 1897,
Dorothea Lightner, a native of Germany, aged
63 years 2 months and 2 days.
MouHARY— In Oa«!an'i, February 14 1897, An-
drew, beloved husband of Annie . McGeary. and
father of Mrs. Mary Crofford, a native of the
parish of Les'-reen, County Sllgo, Ireland, aged
bo ears 1 month and 14 days.
J9~Friends and acquaintance! - ar» respect-
- folly invited to attend t-ie funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his latj
residence, 834% Clay street, inenutt to the
Church of me Immucula.e conception, where a
solemn requiem ma>s will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. x. Interment St. Mary '» Cemetery, Oakland.
MADIGAN— In this city, February 14. 1897.
1 Elizabeth, beloved wife of Matthew Madigan,
and sister of Edward J., Mary and John Don-
nelly, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 27 years.
MALABKEY— In this city, February 12. 1897.
Mark James Malarkey, a na iveof Oregon, aged
17 years 1 month and 19 days. . . . •
MANNING— In this city, February 14, 1897,
Hermann, beloved sou of Hermann and. :-ophle
Manning, and brother Of Alfred and Elsie Man-
ning, a native vi San Francisco, a~ed 11 months.
O'ROURKE— In this city. February 11, 1897,
Charlotte O'Rourze, a native of Sau Francisco.
PaLIN— In this city, February 14, 1897, Corneous
F., beloved. son of Joseph J. and Brtdgle A.
Palm, a native of San Francisco, ajei 2 years 3
months and 9 days.
SCHAEFEK-In Oakland. February IS, 1897,'
Conrad, husbann of Louise Scbaefer, a native of
Germany, aged 50 years 3 months and IS days.
SLOANE— In this city, February 14.1837. Cath-
erine Sloane. a native of " uam, County Galwdy,
Ireland, aged 82 years 2 months and '^7 days.
49TFrien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to a.tend the tuneral THIS Day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from her lata
residence, 7 Alvarado street, near Twenty sec-
ond and Valencia. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery,
STEVENSON— In the City and County Hospital.
'February 13, 1897, Mary Stevensou, aged 39
years. ♦-.■•->' .■■
SULLIVAN-In this city, February 13. 1897,
James Sullivan, a native of the parish otCahara,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years. [Wash-
Ing on (D. C.) papers please copy. j . : . . .
CIS™ Friends and acquaintances are resDSOt-
ful y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. 11.. from the par-
lors or McAvoy & •aiagber. 20 Fifth street.
thence to -si. Pa rick's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. "Inter-
mem Holy Cross Cemetery.
ZAUN— In this city. February 12, 1897. Christine
Zaun, a native of Germany, aged 66 years 6
months and 12 days.
CARD Or THANKS.
MOLK— Mrs. Margaretba Molk tenders her heart-
felt than is to ir nidi and acqu ilntaures for the
kindness and attention shown her late son. lonn
Henry ...cite, during his i_s. lilne.**, particularly
Alameda Parlor. N. S. G. . \v\, and Coucordia
Htammofß-d >tei. ■ . ■
] . WICAV A CALLACHER, T
FUNKRAL DIEKCTORS A EMBALMKR3,
2O Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUK THE SALE
of burial p ats and graves in Us cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office nt the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue, San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETER?;
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city; oon-sactarian ; la iomuii»
eln*lve; location unexcelled. Office Wi "MK<
«re«(| MuUteaM c«cbm v ouua .. : ;; •>
1112
RAISED TWENTY
THOUSAND DOLLARS
The Congregation of St.
Luke's Subscribes
Liberally.
The New Church No Longer a
Dream, but a B'issful
Reality.
The New Structure to Cost $50,000
It Will Be Erected on the Present
Site, Van Ness and Clay.
It took but a few words and a few min
utes at St. Luke's Church yesterday morn
ing to raise $20,000 toward the erection of
a new building for the congregation.
At the meeting, which was held just
after the morning services, Senior Warden
A. N. Drown took the floor and explained
the reason for the necessity of a new build
ing. Ha said the object of the meeting
was to discover the feeling of the congre
gation toward the plan proposed.
"The church,'' said he, "is but poorly
ventilated, there is Dot room enough and
I'm sure there is not a person who enters
the building who does not feel apologetic.
Other parishes have put up elegant new
buildings, and are we less abie to build a
new cburcti than these other parishes? It
is not to be understood mat all the money
must be paid at once. Take a year or two
years, or even longer if you like.
"Now, without saying any more, there
are just two questions to be asked: Do I
want a new church? and. How much do I
want it? Now all tho^e in favor of the
new church so sisnifv by rising."
The whole congregation rose as one,
and the new ctiuicti was decided upon.
Henry Scott then rose and said that, al
though he was not a member of the Epis
copal church, lie loved St. Luke's, and
was willing to lend ail the assistance he
possibly could. "This church Is thirty
years old, and thai is about the life ot a
wooden building," said he, "'and I'll sta-t
the ball a-rolling and subscribe $2000 for
myself and $1000 for my wifn. ''
Mr. Drown subscribed $3000 and his
wife $2000, and in less than half an hour
over $20.0u0 was raised.
A committee of rive was appointed to
co-operate with the vestrymen. The
members are Captain Simpson, A. H.
Phelps, J. P. Lanehorne, Ralph Daniels
and A. B. Ford. They will meet Tuesday
evening and discuss other plans lor rais
ing mo'e money.
The present church was built thirty
years a;o on Pacific avenue as a mission
ary church; thirteen years ago it was
moved to i:s present site. Ii is a low
wooden building, and looks rather out of
place among the beautiful residences
springing up all around it. Several plans
for the new cnurch have been submitted
by different architects, but none have
been accepted.
EAOES AT OAKLAND TO-DAY.
A Programme of Six Well Filled
Events.
Racine: will be renewed at Oakland track
aeaiu to-day with & muddy track to tangle
up form players. Barring the scratch
ing of many entries the card looks a very
good one.
The Thornton stakes at four miles will
be decided on Saturday next with the fol
lowing list of likely starters: Rey del
Bandidos 109, Damien 109, Thornnill 118,
Schiller 109, Lobengula 117, Marcel 113,
Wheel of Fortune 112 and Redskin 118.
The affair will probably simmer down to
two or three stretches and Rey del Ban
didos should win as he likes.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, one mile:
432 Woodchopper..ll2! 632 Marjorie 102
637 Roadrunner 119 530 Examiner 99
623 Miss Ruth 07 5i!5 Last Chance 109
633 Eventide 92 387 Kagan 99
621 Pollock 10b
Second race, selling, seven-eighths of a mile:
540 Hulsun 90 521 Hansome. 104
521 Cahr.llo. 107 628 'lorslna 10:.
637 Latwh 95 526 Mclight 112
499 Applause 102 51 Marionette 102
(slO)Califoruia 107 640 Toauo 104
Third race, purse, one and a sixteenth miles: \
504 St. Algnon 104 524 Draught 93
644 Zylpba- 112 441 \Vh_ of Fortune 112
624 Dr. Martin 103 638 Peter II 107
627 Stentor 103 j Logan. 107
631 Cogent. 93
Fourth race, handicap, one and a quarter miles:
(633) The Bachelor..los 607 Imp. Sain 98
633 Lohen^nla 105 (412)' Ostler Joe... . 109
64a Instnllator 113; 546 Morte Fonse...l(Js
Fifth race, selling, one mile:
634 Monita 109 835 Bueno .. . 103
634 Elmer P 109 439 Instigator 107
638 Jack Martin... 94 538 Snowdown . 108
634 Daylight 107; 535 Waller J ...'.. 11l
630 Three Forks 991 6*25 Formal 113
Sixth race, selling, thirteen-sixteenths of a mile:
326 Merry Monarch 107 (517)Moyian 101
(425)Chartretue 11.. 99 Dennis . 98
(499)Summeriime...lO2J 535 Major Cook 98
532 ileadovr Lar~..104 [ Towerest 98
630 Ontiai>ercha...lo2 425 Mldlo 9b
c
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First ' race — Woodchopper, [ Last
Chance, Marjorie.
Second race—Torsina, California, Sui
• un.
Third race —Wheel of Fortune, Logan,
St. Aignoti.
Fourth race— Sain, "Ostler Joe,
Morte Fonae.
Fifth race— Formal, Walter J, Day
light.
Sixth Summertime, Chartreuse
11, 51orlan.
— • • ■
AfTEB THE HARES.
Besult* of Yesterday's Couriine at In
gleside and at Sacramento.
About 1200 people turned out to see the
run-off of the thirty- two dog stake at In
gleside yesterday. Notwithstanding the
wetness of the day the hares ran well.
The winner turned up iv Nellie Conroy,
owned by Grace and Deane. who ran an
exceptionally fine dog. Fireman took
second money, Wayfarer third and Eld
ridge fourth. Following is the result:
T. Cooney's Hercules beat T. Gibson's Molly
Bawn, J. Rock's Myrtle beat T. Kenny's Dlggs,
Grace and Dean's Nellie Conroy beat Portal
: and Haggerty's Laurel Leaf, W. Kay's Eclipse
beat J. F. Floyd's Oracle 8, T. Tram's Trilby
beat J. Quane's Captain Morse, E. Geary's
Electric beat M. Welch's Marguerite, T. But
ler's Susie beat T. Croniu's All Glory, Bartel
and Rosseter's Waylarcr beat J. Seggerson's
Wnite Chief, Portal and Haggerty's Lanrel
wood beat Bartel and Rosseler's Arrapaboe,
Dillon and Kelly's Granual beat Grace and
Dean's Donald, M. Welch's TipDerary beatW.
J. Shield's Snowbird, G. Parkinson's Fireman
beat Ratnsden and Newman's Pacific Queen,
Portal and Haggerty's Kldridge beat D.
Shannon's Sarcastic, Valley kennel's Skylark
beat Arthur Bennett's Beatrice, D. Shannon's
Swinnertou beat J. D. Reiily's Belle, Merriwa
kennel's Warpath beat lortai and Haggerty's
At Las I.
First ties— Hercules beat Myrtle, Nellie Con
roy beat Eclipse, Electric beat Trilby, Way
farer tent Susie, Laurelwood beat Granuale,
Fireman beat Tippcrary, Eldridge beat Sky
lark, Swlnnerton beat Waratah.
Second Nellie Conroy beat Hercules,
Wayfarer beat Electric, Fireman beat Laurel
wood, Eldriage beat Swinnerton.
Third ties— Nellie Conroy beat Wayfarer,
Fireman beat Eldridge.
Finals— Nellie Conroy beat Fireman.
The results at Sacramento were as fol
lows: . i
. First , stake— Pansy first, Go- You- Please
second, Eureka Girl third.
i Second -Reception first, Prince Leif
second, School Girl third. Snider fourth.
James J. Corbett, His Niece, Miss Ethel, and the Thousands of
People Who Crowded to See the Champion at the Chutes.
Silhouettes of Some of the Blows De'iverei in His Three-
Round Bout With Jack McVey.
IS HOME FROM
HER TRAVELS
Miss Margaret Craven
Brings Stories of a
Pleasant Journey.
She Liked Egyptians and Also
the Belligerent Sou*
danese.
Times Are Hard in Italy Because So
Few Americans Are Go ng
Abroad.
Mri. Nettie Craven was one of the hap
piest women in San Francisco last night
because of the arrival of her daughter,
Miss Marearet, from a three months' tour
through Italy ana Egypt.
Miss Craven had a delightful tour, but
was pleased to return to her home once
more. She made a careful study of noted
places while away, and particularly of the
races of men she met.
"I found every body in Italy complain
ing of hard times," she said, "and the rea
son given was queer, being a sort of re
flex action from America. Tbe Italian
beggars would say to one, 'Times are hard
here because Americans are not travel
ing.' The old rule enunciated by Mark
Twain in 'Innocents Abroad' still held
true. Everywhere the price of an article
is one llliltji for an American and another
for the remainder of mankind. It seems
to me the Italians are in a bad way finan
cially, and tne lower classes are dishonest
aud vindictive as well."
Mi-.- Craven was particularly delighted
with her voyage up the Niie, where she
was fortunate in meeting many travelers
whose advice was of considerable value.
"I went trom Cairo up the Nile as far as
the first cataract," she said, "and on the
voyage l saw a number of English soldiers
from Khartoum. Our party took great
care to study the tombs and ruins, noting
as w« went the multitudes of camels and
donkeys. We tislied in tbe Nile and
caught catti-hes in large numbers. On
Christmas day we decorated our boats
with palms."
The young lady tourist was much pleased
in studying the various races she en
countered, particularly the Soudanese,
Bedouins aod Ethiopians.
"The Soudanese are black little bow
legged chaps," she said, "particularly
noted for their righting qualities. They
are as savage as bu.ldogs and the sight of
Llood in battle makes them uncontrol
lable. They call themselves black English
men, and it was too funny to see each
black soldier with red fez and white linen
uniform marching to the tune 'Her Golden
Hair Was Hanging Down Her Back,' Dut
few saw the humor of it."
Miss Craven thinks tbe Egyptians a
superior race. "The men are tall and
line looking," she said, "and the women
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
are graceful little creatures, all heavily
veiled— and their feet are small. A strange
fact is that the eyes of many of them are
bad because they are neglected when
small and the flies abounding in Egypt
are allowed to molest them. I met a
donkey-boy wno got me to do him a great
service. He was about to marry and he
was anxious to know what kind of a
looking girl his wife was, the cus
tom being that he could not see her.
He was taKing her on the word of
her grandmother and hi* own parents.
'But you go and look for me,' he said,
'for when she lifts her veil ?he may have
bad eyes or be ugly. It will cost me £15
to marry and I do not want to be de
ceived.'
"Well, I went and looked for him,"
said Miss Craven, "and I beheld the
sweetest kind of a little KgyD'ian girl, so
I said: 'I don't know just how much
girls are worth, but if you can get her lor
£15 i 's a bargan,' and I believe they were
married. He took my word."
Sanborn, Vail <fc Co. do a 1 kinds of printing
and engraving, visiting cards, invitations,
monograms and crest.*. Sole agents for Berk
shire typewriting papers. Depot for "Water
man," ••Swan," "Crown," and "Ideal" foun
tain pens. *
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN.
THE CHAMPION
AT THE CHUTES
James J. Corbatt Is Cheered
by Thousands of
Admirers.
His Perfect Condit : on Is Dis
payed in a Bout With
Jack McVey.
The Men Who Will Box on Wash
ington's Birthday Are Now in
Training.
James J. Corbett, apparertly a perfect
specimen of physical manhood, intro
duced himself yesterday afternoon and
night to many thousands of people who
crowded at the Chutes to greet him.
It was not the "Pompadour" Jim that
they saw some months ago in an unsatis
factory fistic encounter with Tom Shar
key, but a tine, active, powerful and weJl
traincd athlete.
These two Corbetts are so different that
it aimost passes comprehension that they
can be the same man.
When Jim was here before and he gave
Snarkey an opportunity to make a Dame
in the pugilistic world which name Dan
Stuart, the great fight promoter, values at
$5000. he held the sailor lad too cheaply.
! He did not train in the least for the en
gagement, or if he did, as be said him
self, it was on French dinners.
An hour before the contest Jim ate a
dish of shrimp salad, and Sbarkey's terri
fic onslaught caused the champion to re
gret he had indulged in tha delicacy at
such an undue hour.
However, that was Corbett of the past,
and the Corbett of the present is the
other.
He is in great fettle, such as a thorough
bred might be on the eve of a big race.
The people who crowded about him yes
terday realized this and by their cheers
■ and plaudits evinced the delight they felt
j at the observance.
It was truly a day at the Chutes.
Before noon it was doubtful whether
Corbett would keep his engagement to
spur with jack McVey, his partner. The
log and drizzling rain maae everybody
uncomfortable, and the srounds were
soggy in the extreme. Under ordinary
circumstances, they would not have been
opened at all, but it was different this
time. A couple of thousand people, men,
boys and women, tramped through the
slu>h and clamored for admittance. They
were allowed inside the enclosure without
pay, for it was almost positive then that
the champion DUgilist would not put in an
appearance.
Later on the clouds rolled by and sun
shine brightened things up. Press Agent
Phil Hastings, who had been running the
town over for Corbett, found him and re
ceived his assurance that he would fulfill
his engagement. This glorious news was
telephoned to the grounds, whereupon the
3000 deadheads were herdpd and marched
outside to face the ticket-sellers.
By the time the sparring event of the
day was ripe there were 10,000 people on
the grounds, every soul of them crushing
and jamming to get near the platform in
the open air. It was a good-natured
crowd, withal, and hundreds stood bare
headed so as to give those behind them a
better view.
Of course where there is such a throng
of anxious humanity, pushing and shov
ing on the border of a late, some few un
fortunates fell in and were fished out wet
and forlorn. But this only added to the
enjoyment of theothers.
The usual programme of amusements
was cr.rried out and shortly before 5
o'clock Corbett and McVey put in an ap
pearance in ring costume, excepting that
they wore tights.
It was only an exhibition that they
gave, just such a passage at arms as the
two men have given scores of times.
There was no righting, nor were there any
hard blows. Corbett showed his wonder
ful ducking powers and his speedy leg
action. McVey did his rart well. He
made some awful swings, first telegraph
ing them to his partner, who always got
his head out of roach.
The public was pleased, however, with
tbree rounds of this kind and they were
liberal with their praise.
Corbett leaves this evening at 6 o'clock
for Reno, where he will give an exhibition
to-morrow night. He will be accompanied
by his brother Harry, Jack McVey and
Joe Corbett.
Billy Delaney, who is Corbett's chief
trainer, will not leave here until the night
of the 23d, when he will be accompanied
by big Jim Jeffries, the Los Angeles
heavyweight, who is to be the main
sparring partner of the cnampion.
There is not much betting on the com
ing contest and there is not likely to be
yet for a while, until the gladiators are
located at wort in their respective train
ing quarters. In the meantime, parties
are being formed to leave this City, Oak
land and San Jose a day or two before the
fight, in special cars, so as to arrive tbeie,
take the mill in and return home all
inside of four days.
FIGHTERS IN TRAINING.
The Men Who Will Box on the 22d
Are Rapidly Getting Into
Condition.
The fighters who are signed to box at
the California Club's entertainment at
Woodwaraa Pavilion on the evening of
Washington's birtnday are rounding into
shape and are beginning to wear the
drawn faces that teli of good condition.
At the Six-mile House on the San Bruno
road Jeffries, the genial and quiet Los
Angeles lad who is to go to Carson to aid
in training Corbett as soon as his engage
ment with Stelzner is settled, puts in
twelve to fifteen miles a day on the road
in addition to the gymnasium work, and
says that be is getting into better fix
everyday.
Under Patsy Corrigan's watchful eye he
has taken off twenty-six pounds in the
last five days, and will reduce still further
betorn the building-up process begins.
Soldier Walker and Jack Goff went out to
re-enforce Corrican yesterday and will be
with the Los Angeles fichter in the ring.
Billy Smith, the willing Australian
boxer, is also at the Six- Mile House, witu
Jack Hill as trainer, and looks fit to fight
to-night if necessary. Smith is a glutton
for work, and feels confident ot winning
whether the match ends in a knockout or
a decision.
Tbe two men and their trainers form a
jolly combination that beeps things going
at a lively pace in the usually quiei resort.
Spider Kelly, who is to tight ten rounds
with Lon Acnew. is working like a beaver
at the Ocean Beach, and thinks that he
will be in as good condition as he ever was
in his life when the appointed day arrives.
He has a grievance against Agnew that
h« hopes to settle satisfactorily to him«e!f.
When the pair were matched some time
a^o Kelly developed a tine collection of
"Job's comforters" tbat prevented him
from going on with the match, and Aenew
insinuated that Kelly's affliction was put
on to get out of the fight.
The Spider feels tbat he must have re
venge for this, and intends to take it out
of tiie Cnicago boy's biae.
Henry Peppers, who is matched with
Smith, is with Kelly and training more or
less. The colored man does not take
kindly to hard worlr, but has little super
fluous fiesh and gen-rally appears in "the
ring in lair condition.
Lon Agnew, always in eood condition,
is putting on the finishing toucbes and
improving his wind at tbe Acme Club,
HEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
NEW SILKS -
FOR- —
SPRING 1897
We have now on exhibition our first ship-
ment of NEW SILKS for Spring wear. Our
importation this season includes a full as-
sortment of FOULARDS in all the new col-
orings, Fancy Changeable ARMURES in new
designs, Plain Changeable ARMURES in
new colorings, Changeable TAFFETAS in all
the latest combinations, and a full line of
Plain TAFFETAS in the newest shades.
SPECIAL
50 pieces 24-INCH FOULARDS, in Navys, J
Browns, Greens, Gobelin and Black
grounds,
_"» $1 LOOa Yard.
TELEPHONE GRANT 184.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREfcf, .
while Jack Stelzner puts in his work at
the St. George's Club. The latter is al
ready in good condition and should enter
the ring as hard as nai's.
COMMUNE'S ANNIVERSARY
It Will Be Specially Celebrated
by the Socialists of San
Francisco.
"Governmental Paternalism" Dis
cussed Last Night at the Regular
Weekly Meeting.
The new and larger hall now occupied
by the socialists at ,35 Eddy street was
packed at the regular Sunday night meet
ing. The speaker of the evening was G.
Benham and his topic was, "Government
Paternalism."
He criticized work in penitentiaries, say
ing: "If you commit a crime in this
country we will see that you are. given
work and are properly cared for. That is
the position of the States of North Caro
lina and South Carolina to-day."
By several illustrations the speaker
sought to show that the Government is
now to a limited extent paternal. Owner
ship of railroads, he said, had saved in
Germany 20 per cent of the lives of em
ployes, and he said that for no other rea
son the system is worth adopting in this
country. One hundred ana fifty pounds
of newspapers were carried across the con
tinent by railroads for 1 cent a pound, but
it cost a man who weighed the came or
less $75 to $100 to make the trip.
The reason, he said, that parcels by mail
are limited to four pounds in weight, was
that the monopolistic express companies
wanted to carry the heavy packages.
The topic was then thoroughly dis
cussed.
The Socialists are making arrangements
to celebrate the anniversary of the rising
of the Paris commune on March 14 next.
There will, in all probability, be no parade,
but Metropolitan Temple, or some other
large hall, will be rented and a literary,
musical and oratorical programme suit
able to the occasion will be rendered.
»—♦ —•
Commanded Hawaiian Soldiers. ' *
Colonel R. H. McLain of New York City, late
salaried commander of the First Regiment,
National Guard of Hawaii, is at the California
Hotel on his way East, having just arrived
here from Honolulu, where, on January 22, he
resigned. his military position alter a saiisiac
tory service of two years. He left with testi
monials of esteem and letters of commenda
tion from bis regiment and from President
Dole for his efficiency in organizing and per
lectini? the Hawaiian military. Until 1888,
when he resigned aud went to Europe, ho was,
after his graduation from Annapolis, an officer
In the United states navy. Upon the occas on
of General Grant's funeral, in 1883, he acted
as adjutant-general. There is li:tie immediate
need now. he says, for the Hawaiian soldiery,'
as the old hostile feeling among the natives
has abated and annexation to the United
States is generally the most hoped-for and
talkeu-oi movement. T-••
m » »
Jewelry store, 6 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
Lecture on Heaven.
Rev. J.S. David of the Swedenborg Mission
said in his sermon at Red Men's building yes
terday: "Heaven is not in sun, moon or star.
It is said to be on high, but height in scripture
does not refer to space, in which there is really
no up or dowa. U is symbolic language re
ferring to the soul. The only real ud ana
down is elevation and degradation in moral,
intellectual and spiritual .ife. Heaven is not
a location, but a state of the inneripan, a state
of love for God and love for man, a state of
illumination and wisdom, s state of unselfish
love of use. He who has attained to a heav
enly state in this life is already in heaven,
and when he lays off the garment of flesh he
will come into a wo rid that harmonizes with
nis inner life."
-» — • — •-
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to the biudery. Mysell-KoUins, -- Clay. *
wSusSr fifi IS cfijnfflLH BSifr ffßft ifl
SCO.
We sell nothing inferior
at these sales, every item
selected from our regular
stock. If a customer here,
you can't help being bene-
fited. If not — it's to your
interest to become one.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday— Wednesday
Eggs doz. 172 C
The kind that cost 20c last week.
Lemarchand Sardines
I's 220 C a's 272 C
regularly 25c and 35c.
Known the world over.
The very top notch of excellency.
Tomato Catsup bottle 15c
regularly 'iOc.
Red label medium hot.
White label medium sweet. V
An excellent relish lor hot or coui^
meats; it makes a beefsteak luxu-
rious.
Scotch and Irish Whiskey
bottle 75c
regularly $1.
A whiskey for punches, hot or cold.
Keep abreast of the times, drink
Scotch whiskey and seltzer.
Deviled Ham lge. size 20c
regularly 25c. :^Y- '■
Just sufficiently spiced to please the
palate. Prepared by Underwood,
who makes the best.
Desiccated Cocoanut lb. 22 2 c
regularly 30c. C' , ..
That rancid flavor so frequently
noticed in cocoanut is not to be
found in Schepp's, the brand we are
offering this week.
Imported Figs lb. I2lc
regularly 20c. , _
Our own importation from Smyrna.
Good for little folks.
Good for old folks.
If you are not on our mail-
ing list send for catalogue ;
it will keep you posted on
what to eat every page «.
volume of useful informa-
tion to housekeepers. * s^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHAKLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOKXEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltfiM
Jt'eil street. Telephone •• Fine » 2591.
..■-.• ■ ■ •■ ■