VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 147.
GREECE READY
TO MAKE THE
FINAL STAND.
Now the Vanquished Army
of King George Will
Battle at Pharsala-
IT WILL BE A TERRIFIC FIGHT
TO THE DEATH.
Reports That the Turkish Hosts Will Not
Pursue the Greeks Beyond Larissa.
England Urges the Powers to
Save the Hellenes.
ATHENS, GREECE, April 25.— The Government has decided to
persevere in the struggle and resist the further advance of the Turkish
army with increased energy. A new line of defense stronger than
that on the frontier will be established. The British and French Con
suls at Volo have telegraphed to the British and French Ministers here
asking that warships be sent to Volo. In view of the possible Turkish
advance the Ministers have in consequence asked instructions from
their Governments and notified British and French Admirals at Canea
of the request.
POWERS ARE READY TO INTERVENE.
LONDON, ENG., April 25.— 1t is reported to-night that the British
Foreign Office has been busily communicating with all the other
members of the European concert since yesterday afternoon, suggest
ing that the time for intervention is at hand. It is said the German,
French and Italian governments have already intimated a willingness
to intervene, Germany insisting, however, on a pledge from Greece
that she will hereafter obey the mandate of the powers. The British
officials are sanguine that Greece will comply, insuring a complete
understanding this week. Henry Norman telegraphs from Athens:
"King George means to go to the front and make a decided stand at
Pharsala."
OVERWHELMED BY FORCE.
Deeds of Valor Performed by the
Greeks as They Fell Back
From Mati.
LONDON", Emj.. Aprii 25.— The Athens
correspondent of the Daily Mail gives
further details of the battle of Mati. He
ears that after performing prodiaies of
valor the Greeks were slowly lorced back
by overwhelming numbers. Their spirit
was unbroken. They shouted as they
■were driven back: ; 'Hurrab! hurrah!
"War to the doath !" When the history of
the campaign shall be written nothing in
it will be more splendid than the deeds of
the rear guards. They sacrificed them
GENERAL SMOLENTZ, THE HERO OF REVENI.
General Smolentz was, at the beginning of hostilities, the Grecian Minister of
War, but resigned his portfolio for the more active duty of the field. He was placed
in command of a division of Prince Constantine's army, consisting of 14,000 men and
charged with the duty of defending Ileveni Pa j s, three miles due west of Turnavo
How that duty was performed is attested by the eallant conduct of the jreneral and
the men under him in the battle at Ibat place on the 21st inst., when they fought for
nine hours and finally beat back a Turkish column of 30,000 men, directed by Edhem
Pasha in person, and came very near capturing that commander.
General Smolentz is a native of Greece, ami is 45 years of ace. His youth was
spent in the schools of Athens, and he afterward continued his studies in the higher
institutions of Central Europe. He entered the Greek army on his return to Athens
and was made captain of artillery, was later promoted to a colonelcy and then called to
a seat in Premier Deiyannis' Cabinet. Though he learned the art of war in the mili
jary schools, his genius for fighting was drunk in with his mother's ruilK and In tne
air of his native hills.
The Call
selves like heroes as they siowly and
mournfully fell back. The correspondent
adds that alarm and consternation pre
vail in Athens. The people meet on the
j street and sob as they discuts the news.
' The whole city is in mourning.
ATHENS, Greece. April 25.— The Greek
army which on Friday nieht began the
retreat from Larissa has been reformed on
the second line of defense at Pharsaia,
i about twenty-five miles south of the oid
[ headquarters at Larissa.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April
25. — The Sultan is so pleased with the suc
i cess of Edhem Pasha that he has be?towed
j nnon him the Nicnan-I-Imtiaz (Order of
] Merit).
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 26, 1897.
PHARSALA AND ITS CITADEL.
The town of Pharsala to whi«-.h the Greek army has retreated from Larissa is situated about twents'-rive miles south of that city on the south side of the Pharalitis
or Aikli River op the high road to Athens. It lies at the eastern beginning of the Thessalian Plain, which follows the windings of the rivers to the west around by Kar
ditza and Trikkala, and thence east aeain to Larissa and just at the north foot of a spur of the Khassiaaiari Mountains, 3370 feet high.
In the foreground of the picture is a part of the Greek army coming in on the road from Larissa, which turns to the rkht around the slight rise of the plain to the
bridge over tlie Pharalitis, which stream, though nearly dry in summer, is at this season of the year nearly bank full. To the right is the Varousi-Machalis, or Greek
quarter of the city. \Vhen under the Turks this contains a Metropolitan Church and the residence of the archbishop. In the center and to the right i 3 the quarter
formerly occupied exclusively by the Turkish population. In the rear is the Acropolis, 860 feet high, with steep sides and frowning precipices. The citadel, which
crowns it, was first built in ancient times, and then rebuilt in the middle aces. From this point the eye can reach Motora on the extreme west of the plain, Olympus to
the northeast and the intermediate stretch of hilis, Ossa to the nor-.neast, and Pelion and Mavro-Vuni to the eait, while to the south ridges and spurs of Khassiadiari,
through which winds the roart to Athens, cuts off the views of the great Arthys range, lately tne northern frontier of Greece. Two miles north of the town is the station
of the railroad from Volo to Trikkala and Kalabafc, which from here follows the river along the level plain. Pharsala had in 1890 some 2500 people, half of whom were
Turks. Since the building of the road many of these latter have left, but their places have been filled by Greets and the town has grown. Many of its buildings are of
grea: ace, but tbe town is being practically rebuilt.
Pbarsala first comes into historical mentioi: at the time of tbe Persian invasion as a wealthy and populous city, and figures notably afterward, but is most famous
as being near the great field on which Cjesar ana Pompey fought for and won and lost tne empire of the known world 48 B. C.
WASHINGTON, I). Q, April 25.— The
Turkish Minister to-nigh received the
following cablegram from his Govern
ment:
"Larissa has been occupied to-day by
the cavalry of the Ottoman army. The
Hellenic troops fled in great disorder,
abandoning huge quantities of arms and
ammunition. Tne Turkish trcop3 took
Turnavo with great quantities of arms,
ammunition, cannon and provisions. The
Helien;c soldiers who were made prisoners
were sent to Eiassona. Turnavo has been
surrounded by a military ring. The Turk
ic patrol is moving around constantly,
and taking sufficient measures to prevent
all depredations."
SET FIRE TO LARISSA.
I Cmeks Destroyed the Turkish
Quarter Before Evacuating the
Army Headquarters.
LONDON, Eng., April 25.— A dispatch
to tbe Daily Telegraph from Eiassona
states that heavy smoke can be seen over
Larlisa, and it is reported tbe Greeks,
prior to their evacuation, set fire to the
Turkish quarter.
An Athens dispatch says that before the
Greeks retired from Lanssa i hey destroyed
the bridge spanning the Peneios JLiver and
cut the railway to Volo. Everything at
the battle of Mati was against the Greeks.
They were in an exposed position; their
numbers were far less than those of tho
Turks and they bad undergone terrible fa
tigues and hardships. It is also reported
tbev suffered trom a lack of ammunition.
According to trustworthy accounts by
foreiE" witnesses of the retreat from Lar
isßi 4000 women and children were Jeft
behind, many vainly endeavoring to de
part by train. It is stated that five Italian
volunteers forcibly entered a train, where
upon the crowd fired upon them. The
Italians returned the fire.
The correspondent records interviews
with several members of the Chamber of
Deputies, from which he deduces the days
of the Cabinet are numbered. There is
also irritation aeainst tbe King, some per
sons declaring that war is a mere stalking
horse to cover the dynastic interests. The
position of the royal family, he adds, is
most unenviable.
A royal proclamation is hourly expected.
The ministers went to the palace to-day
and demanded that an immediate change
be made in the command of the army.
The excitement increases.
No estimates of the killed and wounded
has yet been published, but Rail), leader
of the opposition, who is with the army,
describes the losses as very considerable,
lie adds the majority of the officers In tbe
foremost line were killed or wounded.
There was a panic at Piraeus, the port
of Athens, Saturday. The public had a
misunderstanding that tb* Consuls at
Volo had telegraphed to their respective
Ministers here for steamers to transport
Europeans from the city. The tocsin was
sounded, and it was with mucti difficulty
the fears of the inhabitants were calmed.
They thought an attack was to be made
upon the port by foreign warships.
VALOR OF THE GREEKS.
One Thousand Repulsed S!x Thou-
sand Turks at Pentepigadia
Pass.
LONDON, E>o., April 25.— A dispatch
to the Daily News from Arta, giving de
tails of the fighting at Pentepigad'a,
northwest of Arta, says Major Comoun
dorous, the Greek commander, was sur
prised and attacked Friday almost as soon
as he occupied the Turkish fort at the out
let of Pentepigadia Pas«. The Turks
numbered 6000, while the Greek force was
only 1000. The latter w&s without artil
lery, and wearied from marching two
nights and a day. Nevertheless the fight
ing ws« severe for eleven hours. The
Turks charged three times, but each time
were repulsed at the point of the bayonet.
The ammunition of the Greeks was finally
exhausted, and they were compelled to
retire, losing 150 killed.
Captain Bolomos, after a great fight, was
surrounded by the Turks, but refused to
surrender wben called upou to do so. He
killed many of the enemy, who pressed
COLONEL MANOS OF THE GREEK ARMY.
He is the commander of the Greek column which pushed across the frontier at
Syrafcu, on the Arta River, just below Mount Zygas, ana is advancing toward Janina
These troops were last heard from at Pentipighadia, on the highway from Aria to
Janina, and are probably now r«ry near the latter city.
i upon him on all sides, and then blew out
his brains to avoid capture. The re
mainder of the battalion returned to
Filippiada. The Turks, after killing and
mutilating the Greek wounded, retired to
Janina.
Clement Harris, an English volunteer
serving with the Greek*, was killed. It is
believed he was a son of Admiral Harris,
commanding the British Cretan fleet.
Three Greek battalions, with a battery
of artiliery.reoccupied Pentepigadia Satur
day morninp. The Turks have aban
doned Kaletzia. There is a report that
a white flag has been hoisted at Preveza,
but this is doubtful, although the place is
still blockaded by the Greeks.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turk ey. April
25.— The Sultan's Albanian Guards
failed to raise the usual cheer as the
Sultan passed to the Mosque Friday. An
inquiry elicited the information that the
troops did not think it right to raise joy
ful cries while their brothers were tight
ing on the frontier. The incident made a
bad impression on the Sultan. Subse
quently 2000 Albanians were dispatched
to the frontier v.itU Oman Pasha.
CANE A, Crkte, April 25.— The French
cruiser Bugeaud, one of the international
fleet on duty here, has gone to Salonica to
protect French interests'.
WILL GREECE WEAKEN?
Can Save Further Bloodshed by
Invoking the Intervention Eu
rope Is Ready to Afford.
LONDON, Exg., April 25.— Kritire, the
last position occupied by the Greeks on
the heights of Milouna Pass, was captured
by the Turfcs by a dexterous Hank move
ment. Tim place was defended by strong
earthworks. A dispatch from Volo an
nounces the place fell into the hands of
Moslems Saturday morning.
The Athena correspondent of the Morn-
Ing Post says during the retreat from
Lariisa Friday night there was a terrible
panic among tlie fleeing populace. Tb.B
Turkish cavalry was close behind the flee
ing army, and us<ed rifles, sabers and re
volvers indiscriminately, killing many.
In an editorial to-morrow the Times
will ask: "Will the Greeks recognize an
unalterable truth and save further bloou
shed by invoking the intervention which
Europe is so anxious to afford whenever a
demand is made? They have indicated
in a most ample manner their honor in
arms by magnificent courage and endur
ance. What ODject do they hope to gain
by prolonging the contest, which seems
destined to go decisively apainst them?
Common sense ought to induce them to
seek the ofnees of those who are prepared
to nave them from the worst consequences
of their errors. If they are hanging back
hoping their feelings will bo saved by a
spontaneous proffer of mediation, they
are suffering uader a serious misappre
hension. It is not possible for a concert
of Europe to proffer service until asked to
or until the defeat of oue side is patent.
When the powers do intervene they will
endeavor, as Greece knows, to obtain for
her the best terms compatible with the
position in which she stands. Naturally
the conditions are not so favorable after
fresh defeats as before the invaders make
further progress."
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April
25.— At a Council at Yild>z Kiosk to-day
it was decided to grant three of the berats
demanded by Bulgaria for bishops in
Macedonia. This is a partial fulfillment
of promises made by the Porte, which
have been persistently evaded Tor months.
Coincidentally the Servian Minister has
obtained an irade recalling Ambrosius, the
Greek bishop at Uskub, in favor of the
Servian prelates. In view of the insepara
bility of these questions from Balkan poli
tics, the incidents are of material import
ance.
A large number of the Greek wounded
who were at Larissa upon the evacuation,
were taken from the city urjder a flag of
the Red Cross Society.
RUSSIA AND AUSTRIA.
They Are Said to Have Reached an
Agreement Concerning: Turkey
Favorable to Themselves.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.-The
Journal's London- Berlin dispatch says the
Ta<;eblatt wili to-morrow say Russia and
Austria have reached a definite agreement
concerning Tumey. By t' is agreement
the Sultan must renounce Crete. The Czar
will be given a coaling station at Suda
Bay in that island, and in return Russia
will guarantee the integrity of the Otto
man Empire.
By this Russia will gain command of
Ctmtinucd on iieconU fayc
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBANS
CONTINUE
TO GAIN
Engagements j n Which
the Insurgents Are
the Victors.
GUERRILLA TACTICS OF
GOMEZ'S MEN.
Troops Divided Up Into Small
Bands to Harass the
Spaniards.
WEYLER'S LYING REPORTS AS
TO PACIFICATION.
Spain In Such Sorm Straits for
Money That the War Must Soon
Be Abandoned.
HAVANA, Ccba. April 25.— The war is
waging fiercely in Santa Clara province.
Near Remedies an engagement is re
rorted between Gomez and the Spanish
column of General Ruiz, lasting several
hours. The Cuban commander used
guerrilla tactics, showing the admirable
training of his troops. The Cubans separ
ated into small bands at a given order
from Gomez, harrassine the Spanish on
all sides.
Then they came together in large bodies
for cavalry attacks upon the Spaniards at
soon as Ruiz's column began 10 march.
The Spanish were greatly fatigued by
these tactics and theirj artillery was ren
dered useless. They entered Remedioi
worn out, leaving 150 dead along the line
of march. The Cuban losses were almost
insignificant.
In the bills of La Siguanea another
hard fieht is reported between the Cubans
led by Generals Quintin Banderaa and
Roban, and the combined forces of Gen
erals Montaner and Aldave. Banderas
fonght bravely, ordering the men to
charge with machetes. A hand-to-hand
fight ensued, in which the Spaniards were
obliged to retire, both sides suffering
heavy looses. General Kobau, after the
engagement, pursued the column of Gen
eral Aldave to Sancti - Spiritus and
harassed it all day, killing more than a
hundred.
In all Santa Clara the revolution is as
strong as ever, ana Weyler's report that
he has pacified the province is unfounded.
In a few days Estrada Palma, Cuuan dele
gate at New York, will receive a letter
from Colonel Nestor Aranguren, saving
the Cuban army in Havana province, with
recent re-enforcements and supplies, can
keep 30,000 Spanish regulars busy.
The Spaniards here insist that Palma
has received formal warning from McKin
ley not to violate the neutrality laws of
the United States, and now the same
statement is made on no less authority
than Senor Canovas himself.
According to La Lncba, an important
political person in the United States had
a lone interview with Palma, in which the
latter protested against any unlawful
pressura upon him and Americans and
Cubans who are aiding revolution by legal
means, but he promised at the name time
to respect the neutrality laws.
Canovas is reported as saying he is Tery
mucn pleased by the evidence of sincere
SEW TO-DAT.
( \_w A Wg factory waj
|L-^^y/ brought to a stand-
\\ jJ-/i^s. still the other day
\\ /E*t 7 or want of a com '
\^A/ \Wmon shingle -nail.
trouble was a
/\\ // i/>i) m y ster y at firs*-
/i\jV-7/-Y-C^Even the boss me-
P\IYV 1 chanic could'nt tell
yz3f aC -jl what was the mat-
y//^ggß«jtt|/ ter. They sent for
? J ~-Jcfj BSfl a high-priced ex-
I 1 I^^Euß pert who charged
IV — EsFSlSg^ ten dollars an hour.
Ai—flsiJKSi All he said was :
itißMHfflrA "Gimme a nail."
11 j£sl m\\ He drove it n the
I I t-^3§»-ft§-M right place and in
\\^^T§g — n two minutes the
i \\ hS — M whole factory was
U linl g° in & again.
1 \ Jffj_ \ \ That's the way
*"*> with the machinery
of the human body.
When the stomach and bowels are wrong
what seems a mere trifle, blocks the
whole system. Every part of the body
feels the effects of a little constipation.
The head aches, the mouth tastes bad;
the stomach is distressed, the liver is con-
gested and torpid; you feel sluggish and
miserable and down-hearted; the energies
are completely paralyzed — all for want of
a little help to regulate the stomach and
bowels, What you want is Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets. They will make you
regular and you keep so; they act in a
comfortable natural way, not violently but
surely. They give the intestines power
to move naturally; and also tone the
stomach and liver. You don't become a
Blave to their use, they cure you so you
stay cured. If a druggist makes more
money on some violent purging pill he
may try to sell it to you. Don't let him.
You will be helped to a thorough understand-
ing of your own body in every stage of health
and uiscaae by Dr. Pierces Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser. This is a great 1008 page book in
plain English and replete with illustrations.
The first edition of 660,000 copies was sold for
11.50 each." Th« profits were devoted to publish-
ing the present edition of half-a-million free cop-
ies, to be sent absolutely gratis to everyone who
sends ai one-cent stamps to cover cost of mailing
only. Address World's Dispensary Medical A»
locution, .No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, W. ¥. .2
friendship of the American administra
tion.
Weyler has asserted the reports of
famine in Cuba among countrymen con
centrated in towns by his orders are abso
lutely false. These country folK, he sayp,
are better treated and in better condition
than the Spanish soldiers themselves.
Notwithstanding this statement larnine is
causing the severest distress from Santa
Clara to Pinar del Kio.
TAMPA, Fla., April 25 —A passenger
from Havana who arrived to-day saya he
learned just before leaving that Ora Mol
ton, the American captured with the crew
of the Competitor a year ago, will be re
leased from Cabanas prison Monday. The
report comes from Spanish officials of
high standing, who say that Weyler re
ceived orders to release Melton on con
dition he leaves the island forever.
From the same source it is learned that
Josa Fernandez ana G. Aguirre, who have
been in Cabanas prison several months,
will be released in a few days through the
efforts ol Consul-General Lee.
During the past week another expedi
tion, believed to be from the steamer Ber
muda, Las been landed on the Matanzas
aide of Guanabacoa.
Thomas G. Alvord, a correspondent,
jnst retarned from Havana, reports the
Spanish army beine deported at the rate
of 600 men per weei and that the Govern
ment now owes the army $55,000,000—
$2,000,000 will have to be raised by June 1
to pay interest on the war debt. It is be
lieved the Government, because of the
G;aeco-Turkish war, will be unable to bor
row money from the powers, and this i 3
the reason for withdrawing the troops.
PRINCE AND JOURNALIST FIGHT.
Duel Between Alphonse de Chimay and
C/emencsau Over an Article in
Echo de Paris.
PARIS, France, April 25.— A duel was
fought this afternoon between Clemen
ceau, the well-known politician and jour
nalist, and Prince Alphonse de Chimay,
brother of Prince Joseph de Chimay,
whose wife, formerly Miss Clara Ward of
Detroit, recently eloped with Janus Ripo,
the Hungarian gypsy musician. Both
men were slightly wounded.
The duel arose from an article on the
De Chimay family, written by Clemen
cetu and published In the Echo de Paris.
Prince Aiphonse some time ago obtained
a divorce from Lis wife on the grounds of
her relations with one of her footmen.
SHERMAN MAY RETIRE.
C.rcumstances Pointing to the Mental
and Physical Collapse of the Sec
retary of State.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.— A Times
Washington disDatc > says: Judge Day's
selection os Assistant Secretary of State
is beijeved to mean Sherman's early re
tirement eni Day's uromotion to tae
premiership. Tue correspondent reiter
ates the old charg s that S-ieraian's fail
ing memory renders him unfit for the
poit and declares that this has been de
monstrated 3ince his induction into office.
The dispatch continues:
"Sherman's health is precarious. He
has several times been deiained at home
when he ought to have been in i is office
busily engaged. The symptoms of col
lapse have not been absent. So delicate
has been his condition that he has done
little more since he toot office than at
tend to personal and unimportant official
matters. It has been a subject of remark
about the department that business has
come to & slot, and the condition of the
Secretary has been referred to as causing
the apparent stagnation.
"Judge Day is surprised at the chance
of programme for him. He probably
knows now why the change is made, but
there has been great delicacy at the W.iite
House about explaining iiow suddenly it
became necessary to keep him at home
instea iof sending him to Cuba. He had
purchased sieeping-car tickets for Tampa
and was arranging to leave to-night when
informed for the first time that he was to
be made Assistant Secretary.
"Here in Washington there would be
no surprise at the resi nation of Sherman
at any time. Day would then be ready to
move into the higher place at a moment's
warning, and that warning the adminis
tration is prepared to give almost any
time. In the meantime he will take
charge of all the important business be
fore the department.
"Although there is some talk about the
Pres. dent's desire to conduct the depart
ment more in cccordance with his own
views than he believes Sherman would
conduct it, it is understood that the un
easiness of the President is not on account
of any departure from the policy he had
marked out, bui rather on account of his
concern lest the ill health and increasing
Infirmity of the Secretary would render
him incapable of carrying out any policy
at all."
WROTB FRAVIiVLKIiT POLICIES.
Lif* lniuranCD Company Badly Crippled
btf Itco Sharpm.
NEW YORK, April 25.-Ed Farrow,
who while a lieutenant of the army
called for troops to suppress a riot of
Italian laborers on the premises of his
Barnegat Improvement Company, was
arrested to-day at the Grand Central
Station. He is wanted at Pittsburg,
where he has beer- indicted for con
spiracy against the Mutual Reserve Fund
tiife Association. Farrow came from
Cornwall, Canada, with the express pur
pose of giving himself up.
Lynfcrd Woods, a Pittsburg broker, was
also arrested recently, charged with
swindling the company out of thousands
of dollars by writing fraudulent polici s.
Farrow was the company's asent at the
time, and it is reported that Woods made
a confession implicating Farrow. It is
alleeed that the company was mulcted to
the extent of $200,000 by policies awarded
to dying men and afterward assigned to
the accuseii.
Will Rcveard. %/udfjn Henry.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind, April 26— Word
has been received that President Mc-
Kinley has told Senator Fairbanks he in
tends to appoint Judge Her.ry, son-in-law
of ex-Secretary of the Navy Richard
Thompson, Internal Revenue Collector
lor this district.in spite of certain charges.
The President is to make an exception of
giving ah appointment lixo this to the
Senator internsted, because he wants to
favor Thompson, who led the Indiana
(state convention to McKinley when
Harrison was opposing; the plan of in
structing the luciiana National delegates
for McKinley.
Thai Manitoba School Controversy.
MONTREAL. Quebec, April 25.— 1t is.
reported that Papal Ablep;ate Del Val has
adversely decided the Government's eet
tlement of the Manitoba school question.
It is authoritatively stated to-niijht that
the Minister of Public Works. Tarte, will
on this account champion the immediate
dissolution of Parliament and appesi
to the people to indorse the agreement
entered into with the Manitoba authori
ties.
TOCUREA COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative ßromoQuinine A ll drug
si«tt reiund the money uit l*Us iv euro, £>q
AERIAL NAVIGATION
HAS BEEN SOLVED
At Least That Is What
Case Is Said to
Have Done.
Desires Space to Exhibit His
Invention at the Omaha
Exposition.
The Man Who Has Been Sailing an
Airship in That Vicinity
Heard From.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 25.— A month
ago the directors of the Trans-Mississippi
Kxposition received a note signed "A. C.
Clinton" requesting an option on grouna
sufficient to fly an airship uaily from the
exposition grounds. The writer admitted
that it was not his own name, but de
clared he was the man who had been Bail
ing an airship in this locality recently
and explaining that he desired to conceal
his identity temporarily.
It caused much comment and an inves
tigation was instituted. It has resulted
in the development that Clinton A. Case
is probably the inventor. Case is an in
ventor by nature and a violin-maker by
necessity. He went to Kansas City some
time since. Before going be exhibited his
invention under a pledge of secrecy to
Alva J. Grover, the well-known civil en
gineer of Omaha. Case had evidently
signed his name backward to tne commu
nication addressed to tne exposition di
rectors. The truth was made public
through Grover. Some time before leav
ing Oniaba Case exhibited to Grover the
plans of the vehicle designed for navigat
ing the air, together With the drawings of
a propelling engine, the lite of Thich the
engineer had never before seen.
After a caref ai study of the blue prints
of Case's machine Grover declared him
self of the opinion that an airship or
aeroplane bnilt upon those lines would be
able to navigate the air, providing resist
ance to air currents and steering gear were
in relative proportion to the lifting capa
city of the plane. A remarkable feature
of this air navigator was the propelling
engine, which, owing to the construction
of the plane, must of necessity combine
great power within small space. Case's
plans showed that after the first 300
pounds of weight every horsepower could
be secured by each additional three- pound
weicht of engine, the whoJe power for
carrying ISOO pounds could be secured
within the space of an ordinary office
desk. Naphtha was to be used instead of
coal, being easily carried in tanks at the
bottom of the plane.
Ihe plane itself, of an entirely original
design, was the result of many years, ex
perimenting. Its framework was to be of
bamboo, which the inventor had found
to be the strongest as well as lightest
material known. Th rty-foot wings of
bamboo covered with silk extended out
ward and downwaid on each side of the
body of the ship, the latter having some
what the appearance of a boat's keel,
tapering upward toward the front. The
propeller at the rear was like an ordinary
steamship's screw with the exception that
the biades were long and tapering and
made of aluminum. At the bottom of the
si)ip on each side wheels were placed,
which assisted in starting the plane, and
they were also to be utilized when alight
ing.
Case tried to interest Omaha capita! in
his invention, but at a time of financial
depression and when moneyed men were
very careful how they placed investments,
so the inventor left the city with the
avowed purpose of building his airship
himself in his native Missouri town. Iv
speaking of the invention of Case Engineer
G rover said:
"When Case first came to see me I had
an idea he was one of those visionary per
sons whose theories are based on the
amount of a busy man's time they can
consume, but as I looked into his plans I
became convinced that Case was a man of
no ordinary caliber. 1 advised him to
make duplicate drawings and send them,
with explanations, to Professor Roland of
Johns Hopkins University, Maxim, the
well-known experimenter in aerial naviga
tion, and the chief of the balloon corps of
the United State 3 army. He did bo and
received replies from all three. Maxim
claimed Case's invention to be nothing
new in principle, while the replies of the
others were of a most encouraging nature.
Especially so was / that of Professor
Roland, who is the highest authority on
aerial navigation on this side of the At
lantic."
GRANT DAY CELEBRATION.
Every Hotel in New York City Is Crowded
With Visitors — Ten Governors in
the Throng.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 25.-Every
hotel in the city is now feeling the im
petus given Its business by the inpoaring
of the host of visitors for Urnnt day. The
big hotels are already sending would-be
guests to their smaller rivals, while the
more exclusive have had ail their accom
modations engaged and are refusing
farther patronage. Ten Governors are al
ready here, Atkinson of West Vireinia,
Bushnellof Ohio, Ramsdell of New Hamp
shire, Hastin.-s of Pennsylvania, Tanner
of Illinois and Lippitt of Rhode Island
having arrived 10-day. Among others who
came to-day were General Schofield, Gen
eral Clarkson, commnnder-in-chief of the
Grand Array of the Republic, Senators
Jones of Arkansas and Hill of Missouri.
General Lawrence and J. D. Flood are at
the Hotel Manhattan. Senator Caffery of
Louisiana is at the Hotel Savoy. Troops
of the regular army, State and indepen
dent organizations are arriving in large
numbers.
JFirea Cpon b y an Austrian Warship.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 25.-Coptain
Wulf of the Norwegian steamer Hero,
whicn arrived to-day from the Gulf of
Maori, on the Turkish coast, reports hav
ing been fired upon by the Austrian war
•hip Maria Taresa while in the Mediter
ranean. The Hero while off Crete sighted
the Austrian warship about a mile from
land, which witnout warning tired a shot
at the Hero, evidently taking her for a
blockade-runner. Captain Wulf ran up
his colors promptly and prepared to
heave-to, but the firing ceased, and he
continued without further interference.
'pfliii'A and Italian Bnrk* Collidt.
LONDON, Esq., April 25.— The Italian
bark Ve/ra Irom Trapani for Bucksport,
Me., has arrived at Carthagena with her
•tern and starboard quarter damaged as a
result of a collision with the Spanish bark
Aranco, bouud £<om Iviwa lor leaeriffe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
The fate of the latter vessel is unknown.
Her master and one member of the crew
were aboard the Vega.
BRYAN ASSA/LS CLEVELAND.
Denounces the Ex- President's Aspersions
on McKmley in His Rsform
Club Speech.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 25. -William
J. Bryan, in a signed telegram to the
Journal, severely criticizes Cleveland's
Reform Club speech. After denouncing
the ex-Pres dent's aspersions on|McKinley
as unfair, be continues:
McKinley won political fame as the
apostle of high tariff and during the late
campaign he reiterated his devotion to
this policy. Those Democrats who voted
for McKinley voted with their eyes open.
Neither have those Democrats reason
to complain of McKinley's attitude
on the money question. Unless the gold
Democrats were in possession of assurances
not given to the public generally, they
ought to li ■ satisfied with bis finan
cial policy. He promised to maintain the
gold standard until relief comes from
abroad, and he is doing it, despite the
continued distress caused by such a
policy.
"The important part of Cleveland's ad
dress, however, is found in his declaration
of war against those who supported the
Chicago ticket. In this he has given more
aid to his opponents than to his support
ers—just as he did by his official acts.
His surrender of the executive branch of
the Government into the hands ot Wall
street during the last administration aid
more than any other thing to arouse the
American people to a knowledge ot the
iniquity of the gold standard. His thinly
disguised support of the Republican
ticket in the last campaign did inucu to
drive silver Republicans out of the Repub
lican party, ana their loyalty to bimetal
lism Las not been shaken by defeat.
"In his address of Saturday he aided
the silver cause still further by removing
whatever danger there might have been
of concessions from the regular Democrats
to the bolters. The gold Democracy is
impotent to bring any relief to the coun
try; it is long on platitudes and short on
performance; it reaches its maximum at
a banquet and its minimum at the polls;
it is the toy of those financiers who prate
about National honor while they fatten on
the Nation's extremity, and it is power
less to protect the people lrom the extor
tion of trusts and the greed of unrestrained
corporations."
FLEECED BY A WOMAN.
Adventures of a Kentucky Siockman, Said
to Be in a San Francisco
Insana Asylum.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. April 25.— A
Paintsvilie (Ky.) special, printed in to
day's papers-, says: Alexander Allen, the
missing stockman from Salyersville has
been heard from. His brother received a
letter yesterday from him, stating that he
was in an asyaim in San Francisco, Cal.
He writer that aft#»r he disposed of his
tattle and hogs in Cincinnati, he met a
woman who drugged him, took him to
San Francisco and had him placed in an
a«ylum, claiming that he was insane.
Allen has been a stock merchant for sev
eral year-", but on this occasion took at
least $20,000 worth of stock to sail on com
mission for a number of farmers in John
son, Magoffin and Morgan counties. He
write* for $100 to get home on. His
brother leaves to-day to bring him home.
IXTJSREBTS •US COAST.
A'etD Poitmattera and Pensioners—Vis
i-ort at the Capital.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25 —Mich
ael Biura was to-day appointed Postmas
ter at Butte City, Glenn County, Cal., rice
M. H. Wangentieim, resigned, and E. M.
Downer Postmaster at Pinole, Contra
Costa County, vice James Garrity, re
signed.
H. U. Fuller of Sau Francisco is at toe
Cochran. S. E. Simmons of Sacramonto
is registered at the Ebbitt. E. C. Hearst
and wife are at the Raleigh.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original— Tnomas Flynn,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Charles W.
Oils, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; J.
Francis, dead, Los Angeles; James Dutot,
dead, Watsonville. Original widows,
eve— Eugenia L. Francis, Los Angeles;
Rose A. Wi Isey. Eisinore.
Oregon: Original— Henry McKendrick,
Roseburg; & W. Dickey, Portland; Ezra
F. Barnes, McEwen.
Washington: Original— Ellery L. De
lan>i, Wenatchee. Restoration and re
issue—Marion Sherry, dead, Asotin.
Original widow?, etc.— Mary A. Sherry
Asotin; Maggie Kilgore.
XATIOXAL JtEMVCRATS.
They Will l'repare an Aggre'itive Cam
paign for '• >nund flnimei."
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 25.-At the
informal Reform Club meeting to-day re
presentatives of the National Democrat
party from fifteen States decided to issue
a call soon for a meeting of the National
Committee to prepare an aggressive cam*
paign along the lines of the Indianapolis
platform. "Rational tariff" and "sound
finance" are intended to be the keynotes
of their campaign.
AItOTUER W.VMi KSOCKOVT.
In Play a Xottth Dhntct an Old Ma i
Fitz's Heart lilair.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 25.— Timothy
Harrington vied last night from the effect
of a Dlow similar to that with which Fiiz
simmons knocked out Corbett. Harring
ton, who was 6J years old, was playfully
sparring with a youth named George
Worm, when the latter jabbed at him
across his store counter, striking him
above the heart. Harrington fell back
gasping and died shortly after.
A Corpie a* an Adverti*etn*nt.
COLUMBIA, Mo., April 25.—Under
taker M. P. Parker is about to furnish an
example of advertising enterprise. Jess
Davis, a stout negro, died recently of alco
holism. The undertaker bought the body
and is embalming it. He will dress the
corpse in a neat suit and have it mounted
in his store for advertising purposes.
fipalding'a Mad Infatuation.
CHICAGO, 111., April 25.— Spalding,
the defaulting treasurer, is in jail because
he refused to renounce ht3 former type
writer, Sarah Louise Ervin, for wuom be
forsook his wife and family. He told a
friend that he had been offered a bond big
enough to cover any charge on condition
that be would discontinue his relations
with her, but he had refuse! to do so.
ltain Grrmtly Weaken* the L°vre*.
VICKSBURG. Mum., April 25.— Rain to
day greaily weakened the whole levee sys
tem. A rise of from one to two-tenths of
a foot has been reported at several points
within the last twenty-four hours and the
levees are in a mushy condition.
Oermany and the Trannraal.
LONDON, Esq., April 25.— The Times'
Paris correspondent says # the object of
Hohenlohe's visit to Hanotauz va« to
discuss the situation in the Transvaal nnd
to persuade France, and through her Rus
»ia, to support Germany in resisting the
British imperious attitude toward tho
Boers in exchange for Germany's support
oi France la the Egyptian question.
GREECE READY
TO MAKE THE
FINAL STAND
Continued from First Page.
one of the most important Cretan ports,
strengthening her coveted advance to
ward the south.
Turkey, with the formidab'.e power of
he Czar behind her, will have secured a
position from which she can rule trouble
some subjects without fear of revolt en
couraged by the hope of foreign interfer
enc. To tbit agreement Austria, France
and Germany will, it is understood, give
their consent. England alone bas not
made known her views on this question.
In the best-informed quarters, however, it
is believed a strong protest will be certain.
Emperor William's share in the proposed
arrangement will be considerable. When
at Vienna he acted as intermediary b»
tweeii Russia and Austria. Not the least
of the results of his mediation was the
trip of Emperor Francis Joseph to St.
Petersburg.
RETREAT NOT POSSIBLE.
In an Interview Kinj? George Says
His Troops Will Ba Concen
trated at Pharsala.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark, April 25.—
The Dannebrog prints an interview with
King George, in which bis Majesty as
scribes the defeat of the Greek army to
the overwhelming number of the Turks,
whose forces were constantly augmented
by fresh re-enforcements. According to
the Dannebrog the King declared toe en
tire Thessalian frontier had been aban
doned. Fortifications and cannon at
Larissa were abandoned. The army will
now concentrate at I'iiarsala, where it will
be re-enforced by all the volunteers in
Thessaly and will show a strong front to
the enemy. The King said in concussion
that all bridges and railways had been de
stroyed in order 10 cut off any hope of re
treat on the part of the Greek troops.
AID FOR THe GREEKS.
Julia Ward Howe Says the Women
of Massachusetts Will Make
Contributions.
BOSTON, Mass., April 25.— "1 quite
dread taking up the newspapers in the
morning now. I feel perfectly sure that
the Greeks ou^'ht to succeed," said Julia
Ward Howe to-day, "but it does seem that
the odds against them are almost per
fectly insurmountable. But then the
Turkish Government may not bo so
strong as imagined. I know that the
Greeks are desperate fighters. I think it
very extraordinary what the Greeks ha7e
been able to do so far, very extraordinary.
I don't think they could have helped
going to war. People who talk about
autonomy for Crete don't know how the
Turks do such things. If autonomy were
accepted affairs would soon be back again
a* they were before.
"it is a very wonderful fight that the
Greeks have so far been able to make, ana
1 believe that their situation will be ulti
mately improved by it. Our own civil
war was no easy victory. It was an awful
fight. For months and years no one Knew
how it was coming out. I feel thai way
about Greece. Greece is right and is
bound to stand as she does. The war is
interesting to us as members of Christen
dom. It seems incredible that the powers
should allow such a war as this to con
tinue. I: some one nad come to us before
this war and said that they would permit
it we would have said that it was impossi
ble. I remember that the late General
Walker, v, Wen talking with me rUht in
this room, -aid : 'The great Western
powers can't be low enough to try to im
pede the action of Greece in an effort to
secure freedom for Cretes.' I have great
faith that they may conquer. I know
thai they ought to.
"It is very curious that in their previous
war it was help from America which
caused its consummation. So I think
that if we could only help them ior a
time there may come something not now
anticipated whicu may give them suc
cess. Among ihe women here there is
surely something that will enable the
women ol Massachusetts to answer the
appeal of the women of Greece. I have
already got something for their aid and I
hope to get more. I think that the meet
ing will be held next week. Quite a sum
of money has already teen telegraphed
abroad by tlie committee here, and they
have more, which may be eeut or they
may decide to send a vessel."
Dr. Samuel G. Howe, late husband of
Mrs. Howe, was very conspicuous in aid
ing the Greeks and Cretans in the previ
ous war and she accompanied him.
Mutiny of Albanians.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April
25. — Tue Consuls at Janiua confirm the
report of a mutiny among the Albanian
troops, who threaten to attack the town.
The Mussulman population fled panic
stricken. The Consuls declare the posi
tion of themselves and other Christians
very critical. The vali refuses to arm the
inhabitants. The embassies here have
demanded of the I'orte that effectual
measures be taken for the protection of all
Christians in Janina.
May Stop at Larissa.
ROME, Italy, April 25.— Mustapha Re
chid Bey, Turkish Embassador, says the
capture of Larissa ful tills the purpose of
the invasion of Tliessaly, and probably
the Turkish army will go no further thuD
thntcily into Grecian Territory.
Bombarding Nicopolis.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25.— Tie Greek
fleet is bonibariih)!_' the town of Nicopolis,
on the coast of Epirus about nve miles
north of Pravesa. Its purpose seems to
be to attack Prevesa on the land side.
Osman In the Field.
SALON ICA, Tikkey, April 25.— Osman
Pasha, me newly appointed coiamander
in-chiei of the Turkish forces, arrived last
night. He received an ovation. He im
mediately started lor the frontier.
SACRAMENTO WINS THE RELAY.
Stockton Ttamt Beaten by Capital City
Wheelmen in ihe Hundred-
M.le Race.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 25.-The bi
cycle relay race between teams from Stock
ton and Sacramento was run to-day, and
tbo Capital City wheelmen carried off all
the honor?, Captain Robert Siniih of that
team reaching Stockton first on the last
relay, making the time of the Sacr imento
boys lor the 100 miles from Stockton to
the capitai city and return 5:08:20. Ed
Crump of the Stockton Road Club came
in next, the time for that team being
5:14:47. T c Terminal City wheelmen
wer* next, A. E. He»lj coming in tnird,
with 5:15:21 as the time for the club.
Fred McKain, of the Stockton Athletic
Association, was the Inst to give hiß
packet to the judges, tbe time for the
Athletic boys being 5:23:55.
The start was made in front of the
Courthouse in this city. The men went
off to a tine start and the pace on tbe first
relay, ten miles, was a hot one. The men
from Sacramento soon demonstrated that
they wer.t the better riders and were well
a cad when tbe first relay was ended. The
Stockton Koad Clnb set tbe Capital City
men a hot pace and were only 6 minutes
and 27 seconds behind on the race.
The great fi^ht was between the Stock
ton Road Ciuo and the Terminal City
Wheelmen, and the latter orsanization
has entered a protest at being put in third
place, claiming that A. Bonzi of the Road
Club deliberately fouled Barnes of the
Terminal Citvs. Barnes* wheel was
damaged, but be got up and rode a plucky
race.
The only serious accident occurred
when Sabe Gist of the Terminal City team
took a header and bis trader ran over him.
Gist ruptured a Dlood vessel in his chest,
but insisted on riding his return relay.
He worked so hard that it caused a
hemorrhage, and the plucky boy is now in
the doctor's care. W. Hansel and Oito
Salbach did the fastest work for tbe
Terminal City men, the former cutting
the lead of Leach of the Capita ICity
Wheelmen down two minutes, while Sai
bach did about the same with the lead
Lswis Payen of the same club had.
Hundreds turned out to witness the fin
ish in Stockton, and this city was tilled
with wheelmen all day. The race has
been the exciting topic with all the cyclers
here for months, and all the riders trained
faithfully for the contest, which was for
the Weinstock-Lubin cup. It must be
won three limes before it becomes the
property of any ciub, and the Sacramento
Wheelmen have won it twice.
KLAMATH TO BE CAMPAIGNED.
Despite Tficmas W. Raymond's Will, the
Horse Hay Start on Eastern
Tracks.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 25.—Not
withstanding the fact that the late
Thomas W. Raymond made it a part of
his last will and testament that Klamath
should never be raced again, it is probable
that the "little bay demon" may again
be seen in many a hot finish. It is stated
in Santa Ana that tbe horse has already
been entered in a number of races in Colo
rado and farther east, and that it is the
iateni'.on of Mr. Judd to campaign him
this season. Kiamath is in good condi
tion now, and almost any day can go out
on the track and pass the quarter post iv
30 or 31 seconds.
Mr. Judd could not be seen to-day, but
the fact that the horse has been entered
in the East is considered evidence that it
is the intention of his owner to race him.
It is claimed now that Judd has a bill of
sale for Klamath and that this instrument
was filed with the County Recorder of
Orange County many months before the
last will and testament of Raymond was
made.
STOCKIOS'H MX IS WIXB.
Imperialß of San Francisco Beaten at
Baseball.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 25 —The Impe
rial baseball piay-rs of Pan Francisco
were defeated tc-dav at Goodwater Grove
by the regular Stockton nine. Iberg
pitched a very fair game for Stockton,
and the visitors did not seem to be able to
connect with his curves. The Stockton
men, on the other hand, bad no difficulty
in finding Russell, and sent fourteen base
hits out ior a total of eleven runs.
All of the Stockton men seemed to be
bandy with the stick to-day, but Loch
head and M. White were the heavy bat
ters, (.'reamer and Russell for the ImDe
rials managed to line out two-baggers, but
Murphy, the quick third baseman of the
Ban Francisco teani, made the moat of the
runs for the visitors, placing three tallies
to their credit. The score by innings
follows:
Stocktons— Runs.. 21141001 I—ll
Base hits 32142001 I—l 4
Imperials— Bans.. 2111110 2 o—9
JB*se bits 12 101112 o—9
Batteries— Imperial*. Ru«sell and Scott; Stocli
toas. Iberg and I'et^rs. Umpire— Fred Arnold.
Scorer— J. Harris Harlan.
X£tra Oh' MARE IUJjJiM>.
Ship* Hauled in fro*n the Stream to
Undergo -Repair*.
VALLEJO, Cal.. April 25.— The water
front of the navy yard presents a busy ap
pearance. All of the ships have been
hauled in from the stream and are now
undergoing repairs. The last to be brought
in was the old flagshin Hariford.
The boatshop- is rilled with new boats
for the gunboats now at the Union Iron
Works and for other ships at tlie yard.
The Pensacola has many men at work,
as it is tho aim of the department to get
the training-ship into commission as
early as nossiole.
Civil Ensdne-r Frank 0. Maxson will
Ipave for Port Orchard naval station the
first of May, his odors to the League
Island yard having been revoked. It is
not known who his relief will be at this
yard.
Ti'liarir* Beaten at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 25.— The
Reliance baseball team, which defeated
the Australians here yesterday, came to
Santa Cruz to-day full of hope, but re
turned home thisafternoon dejected over
a defeat by a score of 14 to 2. The Santa
Cruz t»>am Piled up eij;ht runs before the
Reliance players knew there was a game
going on. Doyle pitched the best game of
the season for Santa Crnz and Slrieb picked
up balls in the catcher's box with astound
ing skill.
Fr**no Fan* WVr« I>i*gu*te&.
FRESNO, Cal., April 25.— The Fresno
Mornine R»r>ublican Baseball Team de
feated the Examiner nine of San Fran
cisco at the Xachydrome this afternoon by
a score of 24 to 0. The Bay City men did
not know how to plar ball at all, it
seemed, and many words of condemnation
of the Examiner team for their imposition
on the public were beard.
Canalttr* in Santa Ana Valley.
LOB ANGELES. Cal., April 25.— W. S.
Jones, the representative of the Anglo-
American Cnnaicre Company, wo ha-j
Impure Blood.
Rheumatism, Kidney Troubles and
Sick Headaohe the Results— Doc-
tored for Years Without Relief.
"My blood was out of order and I be-
gan taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. It has
purified my blood and relieved me of
rheumatism, kidney trouble and sick
headache*. I have been afflicted with
these difficulties for years. lam now able
to do a good day's work. Rheumatism
has troubled me since I was a child, but I
am now entirely well." Miss Phoebe Bai-
ley, box 445, Pasadena, California.
;VI hay* suffered from the effects of im-
pure blood, boils, pimplea, etc., for five
years. I have tried various remedies with-
out relief and finally purchased six Lot-
ties of Hood's Barsaparilla. The boils and
pimples have all disappeared sinoe I be-
(tan taking this medicine. I am now en-
tirely cured." Louia Thomas, 1412 11th
•treet, Oakland, California.
Usis\s4'» Sarsa-
nOOa S parilla
It the best — in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Bold by all druggists. $1 ; six for $5.
Hnrt/i 'c Pi llc are tasteless, milci.effec
nooq 6 ruis t i™. au a?n fl p*t:
been in the Santa Ana Valley the past
week searching for canaigre, nas met with
more success than he at first anticipated.
A few days ago mention was made of
Jonß.->' search for the plant on the San
Joaquin ranch. Since that time he has
been hunting in the northern part of the
county, where he has been more success
ful than in tno southern portion. In the
vicinity of Fulierton and Placentia, Jones
reports several deposits were found that
he considered it would pay well to work.
With the consent of the owners of the
property upon which the plant is lound,
the roots will be due up and shipped to
Rialto, San Bernardino County, prepara
tory to shipment East.
SVUIMWICK fCM£KA.L DELAYED
Supposed Corpte Com** to Life, but
Soon Veatfi 'lriumpha.
E.ENDRICK, Idaho. April 25.— The
people of Southwick, fifteen miies from
here, were rejoiced last Thursday over the
apparent returning to life of Mrs. Fred
Wendt, who was pronounod dead on
Tuesday morning from a severe attack of
hemorrhage of tne bowels. The body had
been prepared for burial and was lying in
the cotfin, when the seemingly" dead
woman opened her eyes and began con
versing witu those about her. Sh£ was in
an extremely weak condition from loss of
bloou, bui succeeded in showing sinns of
life for eight hours, when she was again
pronounced dead, and was buried on Fri
day.
The case has excited considerable com
ment because of the short time elapsing
before the burial, some believing toe
woman might have been in a trauce and
that ahe was buried alive.
Ventura and Ojai Itailroad.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April -Jo.— The
directors of the Ventura ami Ojai Kailroad
met at Ventura yestertiay. Captain Cross,'
the promoter of the road, bein present.
After a discussion upon the advisability
of building the road at once the meeting
adjourned until to- in or row, vhen, it is
believed, everything will be settled in
favor of an immediate construction of the
line, and airt will begin to fly by May 1.
So iar the right of way has been procured,
save in one instance, and the committee
is adverse 10 resorting to condemnation
proceedings at the present time.
To r<»tt (As Czar.
VIENNA, Austria, April 25.— Emperor
Francis Joseph, accompanied by Arch
duke Otto, bis nephew, and Count
Goiuchowsti, Forei-n Minister, started
for St. Petersburg to-day on a visit to the
Cznr.
LQqt
LOST «** r
jjf|. NtWOU3N£Ss^B
Brings a man down to a bedrock condi-
tion. He is really the serublauce of a
man — he is a man who has been dis-
counted — cut off from the pleasure!
and enjoyments of life. He is shy and
bashful, nervous and irritable. Every-
thing frets him, everything goes against
him. he has no confidence in himself, and
has no confidence in others. What can
you say to such a hollow-cheek victim—
what can you do to give him the brace and
vim of vigorous manhood ?
THE a
* $AY$
Hudyan. Hudyan is the real cnre foi
wasting or draining disorders. Hudyan
cures, no matter how utterly lo3t the pa-
tient may fe«l. Hudyan is a discovery
made by the doctors of Hudson Medical
tame, and no one can get Hudyan except
by applying to the Hudson doctors.
H£ff
Will find it advantageous to learn all
about this wonderful discovery. It won't
hurt you to inquire, why, then write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Ellis, Market ami Stockton Sts.
BLOOD POISON'-The first, iecondary and
BLOOD POISOX-teniary form of Blood
BLOOD POISON-Poison Is shoTrn In coop*.-
BLOOD POiSON-colorel spots. pimpl»a,*dV T
BLOOD POISON— parched, Itching «kln- The
BLOOD POISOX-reiiable cure tor tnU Is th«
BLOOD POISOX-30-day Cure.
CIRCULARS FREE.
i
am na ■ / • tarn ■• . ■ ; '
, / <
SIGNATURE . <£*S§^ '
c>^^ printed in y \
BLUE, diagonally J^Snna^ ,
across the OUTSIDjE wrapper of every bottle of !
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
tection against all • imitations. *
] Agents for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
■■■=■■'..'■. ' -'-: HEff TO-DAT.
PROFESSOR J. M. MUXYOX.
Munyoji's Nerve Care cures all forms of
| nervousness nervous prostration ami all
the symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such
as depressed spirits, peevishness, irrita-
bility, genpral sensiiiveness of the whoie
nervous system, failure of raemorj', ina-
bility to concentrate the thoughts, morbid
fears, restless and sleepless nights, paim
in the head, noises in the ears and dizzi-
ness. It stimulates and strenghtena the
nerves and acts as a strong tonic. Price 1
25 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer, a great tonic and re-
storer of vital strengtu. Price §1.
Prof. Munyon pets up separaie cure for
each disease. At all druggists, mostly 25
nts a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
JOE POHEIM,
*THF TAILOR,
EH I. !/%ILUs\j
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes in
tne Sti.te at -5 per cent less than
any other house.
Suits made to order from 513. 50
lanta "^ 4.00
Rules for self-measurement and
samples scut iroe.
JTcls is the largest taltorin? es-
tabllshmen on the Pacific Coast.
201-203 Montgomery Street,
7'J4 8 1 J-S4S -Market Street,
1110-1112 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
Are You IH ?
Would You Be Well?
Would You Keep Well ?
IF SO ÜBS— —
DR. MARTIN'S
ii ii m
OF THE AGE,
Whioh Is without an equal FOR EXTERNAIj
AND INTERNAL USE.
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, I'ains in Gen«
•ral, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
; Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous Coin-
plaints, Disease of the Stomach and
1 Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidnef
| Complaints, Sciatica, I<utnbago, Colds,
' Coaghs, Local and General Debility,
] Headache, Earache, .Toothache, Sick*
ness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swel«
lings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Collo,
Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds,
Wounds, Indigestioa, Skin Diseases,
Excessive Itchings and many otheS
complaints too numerous to name her*.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
L. CALLISCH. Wholesale Agent for the
Pacific CoMt, San Jose, Cal.
For sale by ali druggists. The trade supplied
brKedington & Co., Mack ii Co. t>nd Lanifiej
*MiotLfteU.SaoFr»n«^ca.
spectaclS&Eye Glasses
ACCdRATFLY, fITTEO BY i
EXPERT OPTIC
ATttODErWE PRICES.
X J>TICIANS
642 MARKET ST. &UPPUftlfc
UMDIHCMBOMICLE BUILOIMG..
DR.MCMLTY.
rVHIS -.YELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLli
J. &Petialisteur«Private,Nervous,BlocKian<lSkin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years'e.Tperieuce. Scud for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
naiiv;r.:. i »t(iB.3oev'<;3. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
H. BOSCOE MoM'LTT, M. ».,
86' i Kearny Street. San Franciico. Cal.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
I a A POWERFUL, APUKODISIAO AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Bestoratlve,
Invlgorator aDd Nervine. Sells ou Its own Merlu;
no long-winded testimonials necessary. -
I^ABlfiK, ALia & bKtNE, Aeents.
S8» Market St.. S. I\— (Send lor Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
AJ. HENRY, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW AND
. Notary Pub 638 Market st, opposite Pal-
aca Hotel. Telephone 670 Residence 1620 Fell
atieet. lelephone "Pine" 2591.SUPREME ARCH OF
THE DRUIDS DEAD
Philip Rohrbacher Sud
denly Expires at
Stockton. •
Stricken by Heart Disease in
the Commercial Hotel
Parlors.
Had Lon? Been Prominent In Sev
eral of the Leading Secret
Societies.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 25.— Philip
Rohrbacher, a wei^known resident of
bun Francisco, dropped dead in the
Commercial Hotel in this city from heart
disease this afternoon.
For years K.'hrbacner lived in S'ockton,
having ee-.tled here in 1*55. He con
ducted a saloon on Main street and accu
mulated considerable wealth. Early in
the '80's he left Stockton to engage in the
brewery business, and was as successful
in this as he was in his othtr ventures.
He was one of the founders of the Wil
lows Brewery.
Mr. Rohroacher, who was president of
the Dumbarton l.an 1 and Improvement
Company and interested for the Pab.n
Brewing Company, had been to Lodi on
The Late Philip Rohrbacher, Su
preme Arch of the Druids.
business connected with the latter com
pany, lie had just driven in from that
place and was in the large waitinc-room
of the Commercial Hotel, when he sud
denly staggered and fell to the Hoor be
fore medical aid could be summoned and
died.
His brother, Henry Kohrbacher of this
city, was out drivng at the time and could
not be found for sume lime, and the
friends of both were afraid to convey the
information to the home of Henry Rohr
bacher, as the latter* daughter is very ill.
He was finally found and took charge of
the remain", whicn will probably be sent
to San I'ranribco.
Philip Rohrbacner was well known in
this City and wa? connected with a num
ber of fraternal organizations. He came
to the United Slates from Germany, his
native country, when quite yoniig. and
after remaining in Stockton for a number
of years he came to this City and engaged
in business, in which for many years he
was very successful.
In addition to being interested in the
Dumbarton land company, h«* was, up to
a year ago, president of the Bay Distil
leries, and was at one time largely inter
ested in mining ventures.'
He was a member of the Masonic
fraternity, of the Odd Fellows and of a
number of German benevolent and social
associations, lie wa« very prominent in
tho United Ancient Order of Druid* and a
most active worker. He first joined San
Joaquin Grove and maintained his mem
bership with it until his death.
About ten years ago he was choien
NEW TO-DAT.
"Red Letter Day."
Rocking-Chairs.
Rockers for everybody — from grandpa to the baby.
Rockers in oak and birch and maple and mahogany; rockers
with cane seats, leather seats, shaped wood seats, and up-
holstered seats — in more kinds of goods than you could
think of in a week.
To-day's sale includes them all. And prices — just
about half what you'd expect to pay.
x^=sv If this picture did what it is in-
II f/vk tended to do it would show a lux-
vf^'d&y/J urious parlor
§If this picture did what it is in-
tended to do it would show a lux-
urious parlor
rocker, rich Jn3>
mahogany JL3=^j
frame, exqui- f^—^
sitely inlaid th *ji£fc±j
/L^^^^^L^.//— sign and with r^ZZZ\iJ,
delicate holly y^S^^^
~- W 1 .' — \ -kS^C running v p
The "Red Letter" price on and down the '^r
this big comfort rocker is osts fnd arms - Upholstered in silk
. : ° . tapestries.
U% °- TW ,
Notice the style of it: Wide oaken This TOCker We regularly
arms, shaped saddle seat, and broad back. CQ 11 of #
The polish is simply splendid. ell dl #> 2 4*
We never sold them for To-day's "Red Letter" price
less than $^0 before. is . i 6
Hundreds of other styles, v
shapes and sizes— in- This is a mere hint of what
teresting. awaits you to-day.
California Furniture Company.
N. P. Cole & Co., CarpetSi
117-121 Geary Street. BSU» .
noble grand arch of the Grand Grove of
Druids of California, and last August he
was elected supreme arcti of ttie Supreme
Grove of ;he L uited State--.
Mr. Rohrbacher re ided at 3IU Fulton
street, in this City, where he ieaves a
widow and several daughters by
his first wife. He was at the time of his
sudden taking off about sixty years of age
and he was held in high esteem by all
v. ho had the pleasure of his friendship or
acquaintance.
UN EM PL GYLD AT SA CRAM EN TO.
Lffingwtll's Army Ativbs at Night and
the Leader and Four Men Are
Arrested.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 25.—L«f
fin^well's army of unemployed reacned
this-city by water from Stockton at 11
oVlocfc to-night. Their sloop was stopped
above the city, while the iaunch came on
to the wharves. Officers ware stationed
on shore to arrest the occupants of the
launch, but when it arrived only the reg
ular crew was aboard.
The army, which remained with the
sloop, seat a committee of nine to city
to canvass for food.
Four of these were arrested as soon as
they be^an to solicit assistance, and the
re-t departi-d.
Later. liingwell arrived, went to a
restaurant aad partook of a hearty oyster
supper. Then he visited Chinatown, en
joyed himself in various aces therefor
au hour or ao, ana finally imrchased four
boxes of crat kers to be sent 10 his army.
As Lettingweli was ieaving Chinatown
he was arrested au.! placed in jail on a
vagrancy charge. On his person was
found $13 SO in change.
Iso assistance in the way of victuals and
sleeping accommodations will be ex
tended to me army, and its members will
be arrested as lan" as they appear on the
streets in search ot food.
CBICU'IS QUMS OF MAI.
Miit Marie JfeVtUaUi Klec'ed After an
Exciting ContfMt.
CHICO, Cat.., April 25.— Voting for a
May Queen to preside over the May festi
val next Saturday came to an end late last
evening, Miss Marie McMillan being the
popular ciioice. There were three candi
date? in the field during the closing hours
and this tended to make the contest ex
citing. At first there was at least a
dozen, but the number dwindled down
until Miss Marie McMillan, Miss Maoel
H iry and Mi;S Nannie McGuire were the
only ones ton idered.
At the last moment Miss McMillan took
the lead And won, with Miss Mery a close
second aud Miss McGuire third. Miss
McMillan will rule as Queen of the Fiesta,
wi'.h Mis-es Mery and McGuire as her
maids of honor. The queen is the daugh
ter of Mr*. M. McMiuun, proprietress of
the Park Hotel.
ban Bernardino Murderer Convtetrd.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 25.—
In the Superior Court last night the jury
in the case of Gregorio Rede, charged with
the murder of Captain John Moss, a Piute
Indian, brought in a verdict of murder in
the second degree. The murdered man
was one oi the best-known Indians in this
section. He had come in from the ranch
on which he was employed ami exhibited
i bout $uQ. He was enticed to th« cabin of
a Mexican on a pretense oi getting liquor
and there killed with an ax. Rede's
partner in crime, Jose Nunez, will to-mor
row be placed on trial.
San Birnii ditto Mission Vpened.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 25.—
Very Rev. Henry D. Wyinan, superior of
the Pauiist Fathers of San Francisco,
assisted by Rev. Francis B. Doherty, to
day opened a mission at the Catholic
Church of San Bernardino in this city.
The reverend gentlemen were hospitably
received by members of the church and a
lar^e number of non-communicants who
attended to listen to Father Wyinan's
lecture on "Missions, From a Catholic
stand point."
South Vallejn Iliberninna.
SOUTH VALLEjO, Cal., April 25.— A
public meeting of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians was held to-day, with a large
attendance. The meeting was addressed
by J. J. Donovan. Edward I. Sheehau and
John P. Dignan of San Francisco, and
also by Rev. D. O. Crowley, Father Dugan
and Father Fi:z-immons. A large num
ber of members were present.
Drowned Sear Hercud.
MERCED, Cal., April 25.— Joe Parker,
a young man working on Miller & Lux's
ranch, about eighteen miles from Merced
was drowned yesterday while bathing,
with other workmen on the ranch. It is
supposed he was ettacked by cramps.
Purker's parenis iive in Fresno. His oody
has not been recovered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
THE CITY OF YREKA.
Prepared for "The Call" by It« Mayor.
YREKA, Cal., April 23.— Nature did
much for Yreka before man and his works
were known iv the land. The site is the
most p;cr resquely beautiful to be found
In tne northern mountain land of Califor
nia. The ending mountains gather the
town in loving embrace and protect it
from all but gentle breezes, and the
numerous passes and low swells make in
gre-s easy in ail directions.
Standing on the hillside above the town
in summer it gleams restlul and clean
from Ita masses of leaves. There is not a
town in the State that c-n &how a grander
array of shade trees. Great wide-spread
inc locusts and cottonwood border the
residence streets, shading the walks, and
in the yards stand giant pear and app.e
trees, beautiful through the summer and
a treasure-house in the fall, for who does
not know the fame of Siskiyou fruit?
Long, long ago, as we measure time in
our young State, when the surface ground
wa- 1 lull of gold, there came miners to the
valleys of Siskiyou who saw a good site
for a camp in our little vale, then green
with oaks and pines, and here they
stayed. Tne gold panned out well, and
the camp grew into a thriving town named
Yreka; and what the odd name means
and how we came to get it is not kuuwn.
Whether it is of Indian origin or the re
sult of a man's baa handwriting makes
no difference — ;t is a good name.
After the stirring "early days" the
placer mines rather "played out," and
Yreka was a very quiet place, which if it
didn't go down hill in progress at least
made no advance. In twenty years
scarcely as many houses were built There
were no new industries, the mines were
fewer, the farmers had iittle to encourage
them, and there was the long, rough stage
ride to Redoing to appal the traveler, but
Yreka wouldn't die.
It wan the county seat and the center of
trade for a tract larger than tho State of
Massachusetis.
Then the railroad came and passed by
on the other side, seven miles away,
planting little towns all along to be the
rivals of Yr^ka. This was the last straw,
and tue people awoke to the knowledge
that the inhabitants make the town.
They built a branch road of their Very
own to connect witii the main iine and
then they began to boom their sturdy lit
tle town in the best possible way— by
spending money on and in it.
An old Yrekan built an electric plant on
the river below town and the dark streets
became light and the smell of kerosene
disappeared from the business h uses.
Then some of the richer people tore down
the bouses they had been living in since
the "Ma and put up modern and beautiful
homes.
The first two or three proved such a sac
cess that others and still others began to
look with disfavor upon their squatty lit
tle box houses, and behold soon there
came an architect and builder to locate
here. He has never gone away and two
more have come. House after house has
been built, some ot them mansions fit to
crown the hills of San Francmco's fash
ionable quarter*. Ail over the flats above
town li ■ tie homes have sprune, and on the
southern suburbs in the fields where chil
dren used to gather wild violets are pretty
cottages and green yards. One improve
ment calls for another, and the new
houses demanded lawns instead of brown
earth. A new water company supple
ra«nted the supply of the o d, making
grass and fl -wers grow as by magic and
completing the beauty of the great trees
aiid pretty homes.
The wheheads began to question why
so much of our money and talent went
away to cities, and the result was the
large and beautiful high-school building
which looks down from its hill. With the
high school came ecores of amilie- from
outside to settle where thsir children
could have such advantages, and there
were no vacant houses in Yreka. There
are none now. Building lots command
hijih prices, and every shed and shack
that is habitable rents for a good price.
The wisebeads were next shaken in dis
approval at the dingy courthouse, all too
small for the business done in it, and now
in the locust-shaded part we see a fine
gray building, large and substantial
enough for the coming time when Yreka
ah li have doubled its population.
People discovered that Sislciyou apples
had no equal and they began to come for
them, with the inevitable result. New
orchards are springing up all over the land
and Yieka is the shipping point. Cream
eries and ice plants made their appear
ance, bringing more trade and increased
prosperity to the county seat. Mines in
every direction were reopened, capital
invested and more new people were
brought in.
Yreka has never during the pa^t season
of depression made any complaint of hard
times. There are no unemployed, except
those born with a prejudice against work,
Mid some of them in the chain pant, have
done eood street work for their board and
lodging.
Business hou es hays enlnTve:! and in
creased. M.u«r street, Uic business
thoroughfare, has new walks, several new
buMdings and a general weil-to-do air.
And the outlook is excellent. During
'97 we saall see a greater number of new
dwe lings erected than any one year has
shown us. The builders smile as they
work on their plans and the merchants
smile as th -y see the builders pa*s. More
mine* are to be opened, and the grocer
looks pleasant aa in h.a mind's eye he
sees his delivery wagon making its trips
up an>i down the river three time? a week
aud Ids order-books grow full and he has
to hire another clerk.
The fame of the clean, quiet, prosperous
and beautiful town as a summer resort
has gone abroad and larger and lamer
numbers of tourists stay the balmy sum
mer month? with us.
Siskiyou County has practically no in
debtedness. There are a number of line
and costly residences, among wh:ch
?>h ould particularly be mentioned that of
H. B. Giiiis, banker and lawyer; J.
Chnrchii . president of the banK and
Capitalist; John S. Carr, mercnant; H.
Raynes, District Attorney, and W. L.
frlobbs, Sheriff. Tne city has now an
estimated population of atiout 2000. It is
well equipped with electric light plant,
water system, a good sewerage and all
k;nd- of mercantile lines are well repre
sented. There is one tirst-class hotel, the
Franco- American, conducted by Charles
Bonbart, whu started it many years ago,
and is now enjoying tha fruits of his in
vestment. Tne general merchandising
Substantial Buildings That Adorn Yreka's Streets.
house of the Walbridce-Carr Company is
one of the oldest here.
Among the leading business men ars
G. Cooper, W. J. Bennett ani A. A. Ben
nett, architects; M. Miner, R. H. Dewitt,
J. Clelarid ami H. Brinzer, general mer
chants; Walker & Avery, J. Churchill &
Bon and Dr. O'Connell, druggists; Junker
Bros., H. Stimmell and F. Antenrietn.
hardware; H. WaJsworth and Cieland &,
Caseday, butchers.
SAXTJ CLAKA VAJLL.KX CHOPS.
Orchard* Give Prontiie < f an I'tiwtiall >
Large K lir tt.
BAN JOSE, Cai*, April 25.— The pros
pects lor an immense fruit crop in Santa
Clara Valley this year are excellent.
While apricots were damaged a little by
the fro*t there promise- to be a good yield.
Tne buds of other fruits were prolific and
have let well. Prunes have just begun to
set and it is too early to wake an accurate
estimate of the crop. The trees were lull
of blossoms and the indications at present
point to a lar-rer yield than the famous
big crop of 1893.
The Odd Felloxca' J'lrnic.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 25 —The Odd
Fellows of this vicinity w:ll celebrate the
anniversary of the inauguration of 0 ul
Fellowship with a basket picnic at Alum
Rock Park to-morrow. Tne lodges at
ban la Clara, Campbell, Los Gatos and
Gil roy liave been invued to attend and
the gathering promises to be the largest
of its kind ever held in this county. There
will be music and dancing. District At
torney Harrington will deliver an oration.
In the evening there will De an entertain
mem and ball at Turn Ver< in Uall.
Flr>wi>r* for the £n 'ta 'r<rj.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April '25.— The Santa
Clara Cdunty Floral Society will entertain
the delegates to the Christian Kndeavor
Convention at ban Franc. sco, who are to
visit this city on July 14, with a tine dis
play of flowers. Cyrus Jones, Captain
Dunn, Mr§. 8. W. Boring, Mrs. J. Corrick
and Mrs. J. W. Holland have been ap
pointed a commit tee to arrange for tne ex
hibit. On May 10 the floral socieiy will
hold a rose show at Turn Verein Hall for
the benefit of the Pratt home.
Cull* the Lce'-urer a Liar.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 25.— Daring a
lecture br Mr. Ruthven, who represents
himself as an ex-prlest, at Turn-Verein
Hall to-nisht, Daniel Ryan arose and
snouted: ''You are a !iar and you know
it." There was great excitement and cries
01 "Put bini out." Ryaa walked down
stairs from the gallery, and in the lobby a
crowd rushed for him, wnen be drew a
pistol nnd ordored the men to stand back.
They did to and he left. Us was not ar
rested.
failure of an Ore-mr Hit.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 25.— George W.
Sconeld, aa' orchardist near Morgan Hill,
has ti!e<i a petition in insolvency. His
liabilities aggregate $1377. Tbe assets are
ti f y - • i x Mm of land, valued at $1500, but
subject to a mortgage.
Tencher* Will Organise.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 25.— A meeting
of teachers of Sauta Clara Count/ will be
held on Thursday afternoon for the pur
pose of organizing, so as to take advantage
of the annuity law passed by the last Leg
islature. In order for teachers to obtain
the full benefit of the pension law it is
necessary that action be taken at once.
About sixty bave expressed their intention
oi joining the organization.
LAWLESSNESS ON THE CLONDYKE.
Rough Characters Attempt to Drive Alas
kan Miners From Their
Claims.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 25.— Serious
trouble is believed to be brewing on the
Clondyte River, Alaska. A private letter
has just been received from a former Vic
toria merchant, now owner of one of the
richest Clondyke claims, who writes that
Canadian claim-owners will probably be
compelled to use guns to defend their
property against unscrupulous Americans,
who believe that in that far-off country
British law can be s*t at defiance.
The writer continues that Circle City
has long been infestea by tough charac
ters, surne of whom are fugitives from jus
tice. When the only discovered placer
grounds were in the vicinity of Circle City,
these men were very jeaious about their
rights, and protested against Canadians
talcing claims in American territory,
where twenty acres ara allowed for a
placer claim.
"When the discoveries were made on the
Clondyke Inspector Constantine of the
ruounteu police, who acts for tne Domin
ion Government, al.owed each ciaim
owner to stake off only six acres, for regis-
ferine which he charged $15, three times
tne ordinary fee.
Rich strikes were soon made, and when
the news readied Circle City many of the
rough element crossed over into Canadian
territory. A few began prospecting for
themselves, but most of the rough charac
ters claimed that the rich grouna had all
been staked off. They began clamoring
that too much land bad been allowed for
each claim, and boldly intimated that un
less the resident authorities decreased the
size of the claims they would use force.
Both roughs and miners are well armed
and when The letter was written a clash
in winch guns were certain to be used was
expected daily. Without regard to the
fabulous richness of their claims, the
miners believe they are justified in bold
ing six acres apiece. They are fully pre
pared to resist any encroachments and
will be backed by the police.
It is claimed there are plenty of other
streams yet vn prospected, if the roughs
are willing to work. Hope is general on
the Clon tyke that toe American Govern
ment will soon send police officers to the
Yukon to restrain the lawless characters.
KwHtrv'n Touiift Here Stu/nrdei.
FRESNO, Cal., April 25 —Ray Ingram
has been rewarded with $20 by the
Southern Pacific Company for averting a
wreck of tne passenger train on the
Pnrterville branch near Reedier last week.
The boy discovered a serions washout in
the track an 1 notified the nearest station
agent barely in time to hold the train
from proceeding on its way to threatened
rnin. The account of the lad's brave deed
was puolished exclusively in The Caxl
the next im-r'iinp.
KEW TO-DAT.
Quality Teas,
Quality Coffees,
Quality Spices,
Quality Extracts,
Quality Baking Powder
AT
Great American Importiß^ Tea Ct
MONEY SAVING STORES:
Operating ioo Stores
That's why QUALITY
is our stronghold.
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st 2008 Fillmore st
146 Ninth st. 3005 Sixteenth st
617 Kearny st. 2MO Mission st.
1419 Polk st. 521 Montgomery aye.
218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st,
3285 Mission st Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 f . Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAM(£DA-1355 Park st
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. f .
*iE?LJL O " DAT — CLOTHING.
I OF - W?\ CLOTHING I
IW \ ,
I Our \
Wildest
f
I Hopes
\ Are more than realized. The people by
|| hundreds are rushing to this big sale to take
a advantage of the astonishing bargains. At
J| this rate we will soon have the money we
U need to meet our obligations. And bear in
« mind that as soon as we have realized suf-
i ficient money to meet our indebtedness at
U the banks this wholesale slaughter stops
q forthwith. Take warning and hasten. This
I 1 is the third w^ek and it may be the last
(8 (!• . Q — Single and Double (J* s Sack Suits, single
a Jn^.O^ Breasted Sack j) E ■) C and double breasted
Id* Q _ Suits, and Double j **^O j< O —in Suits, single
JjAiOS Breasted Sack ij) C if C and double breasted
Suits, latest shades *^C/ #V^O— in shades of
jl new fabrics ; guaranteed pure wool, brown, Havana, slate and over-
|J Regular price $9. plaids. Regular price $10. Guaran-
-31 Only a few of these — odd sizes, teed pure wool.
(J it /C -rv Single and Double ! /t» Exceptional values
n %DU«OU Brea sted Suits, in %D /.SO in Single and Dou-
cassimeres, chev- J m %J^ ble Breasted Sacks,
iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is comprising all the latest colorings in
* the regular price. Guaranteed pure exclusive designs. Regular price $15.
1 r wool. Guaranteed pure wool.
' <£Q mm *>. Cutaway and Sack (J* Cutaway and
() JO.SO Sults : ln j)|O # OO Sack Suits » &>
D *-^ tweeds, cassimeres ' fancy Scotch che-
Iflr and worsteds. Former price $17 00. ! viots, in the new brown, gray and
ffl Guaranteed pure wool. • olive shades. Very dressy. Regular
! I — r — ; — $20 value. Guaranteed pure wool.
I /t» Spring Overcoats, . .
/ J7,7S in very desirable fr mm— All-wool Trousers.
\ %J M\J shades and fabrics, j) I *y C Will cost double the
■ Worth every cent of $10. Guaran- i M\J money any other
I teed pure wool. i place in town.
r : "
\ Remember, the reason for this tremendous
j } sacrifice of profits— to protect ourselves •
! from the of profits — to protect wool we
from the increase of Tariff on wool we
borrowed money from the banks and over-
stocked our warehouses in New York.
- \ These obligations at the banks are now
g due and must be paid in coin.
I All garments guaranteed and kept in re-
jg pair one year free of charge.
! (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), j
I 541 MARKET STREET
/g IDirectly Opposite Sansome.
I MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE. I
©1 By special request we will keep open every evening until 8 o'clock !
h during this sale ; Saturdays until 10 P. M.
34
MONDAY AFIUI. 26, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
r»ily and Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Pally iw! Sunday Caix. odo yenx.by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Caix, six month*, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sucuay Caix, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Cam., one mouth, by mall.. .65
bunday Call, one rear, by mall 1.00
\V liiLV Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Murket Street,
an Irtuiino, ullrorntjk. .
Tel.pkoa. M*l»-1808
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay bireet.
Telephone Maln-1674 ,
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery (trcet, corner Clay; opan natU
8:30 o'clcclt.
S3B Hayes street; open un'.ll 8:30 o'olock.
615 larkln street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth naii Mission sireela, Op«a
BBtD 0 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open nnttl 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Pollc street; open un:'l 9;30 o'clock.
SW, corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
■treats; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
9i)B Broadway.
EASTERN OFPICR:
Btcai 31 »n<l S2, 34 Park Row. New YorK City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL-
That European concert has played
"Robert the Devil" wth Robert left out.
There is a big trade for California in
South America provided she takes the
trouble to go after it in the right way.
Since we abandoned the carnival for
Balboa avenue, we cannot afford to aban
don the avenue. The money needed to
complete it must be pung'ed up.
The House of Representatives might at
least appoint a committee to inquire into
Cleveland's management of the civil ser
vice. The thing is well worth looking
into.
There will be no complaint of slow ac
tion in the Senate on the tariff if it will
make a thoroughly protective measure.
It is not go important to settle the bill at
once as it is to settle it right.
It was kind in the Ftate of Tennessee to
invite King George of Greece to attend her
exposition, but ne will have to send his
regrets. He has several important en
gagements now nearer home.
Mexico buys aDout $8,000 000 worth of
goods from England ana $12,000,000 from
France annually, and it would seem that
with a little judicious enterprise we might
get a good deal of that trade for our
selves.
Joe Jefferson is growing old. but he an
nounces that he will never retire from the
stage as lone as any portion of the Ameri
can people wish to see him act. Joseph is
a cenius, a gentleman and a nnblic-spir
ited citizen.
The Governments of Europe sympathize
with Turkey dimply because they do not
know how to divide her up. If they could
once agree on the division the ardor with
which they would enter upon a war for
Christianity and civilization would aston
ish the natives.
After taking a second, third and fourth
thought on the subject, Chicago is set
tling down to the conclusion that the
reason why Carter Harrison was elected
is because a creat many people believe he
is a good deal like his father, and his
father was a great Mayor.
There will be a strong fight made to se
cure in the new tariff apron ye duty on
hides, and the California^ .1 Congress
Bhould assist the cattle States in making
it. It is said the value of American cattle
decreased $60,000,000 under the Wilson
tariff, and in the new bill something
Bhould be done to restore the loss.
In 1817 the Turks possessed 218,600
square miles of European territory, but
this has been reduced by successive wars
and treaties to 81,200 square miles, and
still there are statesmen in Europe who
talk of the preservation of the Turkish
empire as if it had never been despoiled
in the past and should not be in the
fnture.
Jerry Simpson's attempt to organize an
obstructive party or faction in the House I
of Representatives is by no means such a
wild-eyed venture as one might suppose. '
Young Bailey has not made a very effect
ive leader, and Democrats who wish a '
fight for the sake of making reputations
for themselves may yet break away from
him and follow the Kansan.
It would be difficult to say how large
might hare been the number of persons
taking part in the parade at the dedica
tion of the Grant monument in New York
if an arbitrary limit had not been fixed by
the officials in charge. It is said that over
50,000 had ssked to be assigned places in
the procession before the committee de
cided to fix a limit, and that was some
time ago.
It is proposed in Vienna to hold this
year some sort of celebration of the cen
tennial anniversary of the meerschaum
pipe. It waa in 17^7 that the first pipe of
that kind was made, and since then there
has been no little artistic skill employed
in the manufacture. The work of some of
the meer«chaum artists is worth many
times us weight :n gold, and this fact,
taken in connection with the delight
which men have found in such pipes,
seems to justify the proposed celebration!
Despite the fact that the vote on the
Vest resolution seemed to show that tne
majority of the Senate was favorable to
tt,e reiroactive clause of the Dingley
tar:ff, ;t is now said the clause may be
stricken out because of the threat of ob
structive tactics on the part of the Demo
crats if its adoption is insisted on. It ia to
be reeretted that there should be any un
certainty on this point, and in some way
the Senate should speedily make known
to the country just what is to be done
about it on the linal vote.
In many cities of Europe large baths
are constructed in the basements of pub
lic schools ior the benefit of pupils, ana a
movement has been started in Boston to
introduce the custom in thit country.
Quite a number of our schools already
contain libraries, gymnasiums, large lec
ture-rooms, and home have equipment!
for cooking-schools. If this process of
development continues at the same rate
for the next fifty years, the schoolbouee
of that time will be the most complex
structure of modern civilization and will
contain nearly everything required by
humanity except bedrooms and a coffin
Atctorj.
THE SENATE AND THE TARIFF.
Complaints are being made in many quarters concerning the slowness with which
the Finance Committee of the Senate is performing the work of revising the tariff
lull. These complaints are the outcome of a natural desire on the part of men en
gaged in commerce anil industry to put an end to the uncertainty of the situation and
have it clearly established under what terms our trade is to be carried on in the im
mediate future. It is inevitable that this impatience should be felt, but it is never
theless ill-founded, inasmuch as it results from an inconsiderate view of the situ
ation.
It is not an easy task to adjust a tariff that will be equally fair ftnd beneficial to
all the varied industries of a country so large and so diversified as the United States.
The task in the present instance is rendered more difficult by reason of the necessity
of arranging tariff rates so that they will sapply a revenue to tha Government suf
ficient for its needs and at the same time afford an adequate protection to all the in
dustries of the people.
The Dingley bill, ai reported from the House, is an excellent measure in the
main, but has some defects which should be removed before iti enactment into law.
The Senate is charged with the duty of making the necessary revision. That body is
much better fitted than the House to deal with matters of this kind. It represents
alt the States equally, most of its leaders have served for a long time and are familiar
with the interests of their States and the Nation generally; their discussions are less
stormy and excited than those of the House ; and It is altogether right that more time
for deliberation and tiebate should be taken by the Senate than would be advisable in
tho other branch of Congress.
The people of California and the greater West generally have good reason for be
ing gratified that the bill has not been rushed through in the Senate. We have large
interests that require a fuller degree of protection than the Dingley bill in its present
Bbape affords. There 13 ample evidence to justify a b;lief that this protection will be
given in the measure as it will be reported from the Finance Committee, and we there
fore will have profited much from that very deliberation and apparent slowness of
which so much complaint has been made.
It must not bo supposed that the Finance Committee is engaged in tearing the bill
all to pieces. All reports from Washington give assurance that the alterations will be
few and of a conservative character. There is, of course, a strong pressure from the
free-traders to bring about a great reduction in the rates of several schedules, but this
pressure Is more ttan counteracted by that of the earnest and vigilant protectionists
who are seeking to revise the measure in the direction of giving more instead of less
support to American industry.
"We can reasonably expect that the bill as revised by the Senate will give a fuller
protection to California fruits and raisins, to wool, and will add a duty on hides, which
will materially benefit the cattle-growers. We stand, therefore, a chance to gain much
and run comparatively little risk of losing anything. Much the same may be said of
all other sections of the Union. The Senate, therefore, is serving the public interests
in making haste slowly. The matter is not one that can be hurried. The country it
is true needs a rest irom tariff legislation, but it cannot have that rest until such
legislation has been permanently «ettled by being settled right.
EUROPEAN ALLIANCES.
The new alliances which are evidently
being shaped among the nations of Eu
rope will be better founded than those
which have prevailed in recent years, and
promise, therefore, to be more permanent
and more beneficial to the nations making
them. Europe has been fora long time in
a condition of instable equilibrium, and
now seems to be settling down upon a
basis broader and better tnan ever before.
The alliance between Germany. Austria
and Italy, which was formed to maintain
the peace ot Europe after the Franco-
Prussian war, was in its very nature unre
liable and temporary. That it was not
highly regarded even by Bismarck, who
made it, has been shown by the recent
revelations that at the very time when
tha alliance was first launched Bismarck
had reached a secret understanding
with Russia and was negotiating a sep
arate alliance Between Germany and that
country.
The attempt at an alliance between
France and Russia was even more futile
than the Dreibund. The French entered
ujion it more from a desire to have some
means ot counterbalancing the alliance of
the three other powers of Europe than
from any identity of interests between
France and Russia. About the only point
on which those two countries could have
ac.ed together would have been a de
mand for the evacution of E^ypt by Eng
land. This, however, was something
which, while ardently demanded in
France, was a matter of comparative in
difference In Russia, and even on that
point, therefore, the alliance was ne?er
strong enough to be a material factor in
the problem of the European balance of
power.
The new alliance between Germany, I
Russia and Austria will be of a different
nature. Tuere are many reasons why the
Gear and the Kaiser ehould join forces,
and not a few wuy the Austrian Emperor j
should join them. The (Governments of
all three of these powers are more or less
antagonistic to the growing liberalism of j
the people uf Western Europe, and it is i
natural that they should combine to- j
gether in order to more effectively with
stand the tendencies of the age. They ,
have no geographical cau«es for dispute, j
and there seems no reason why the j
alliance they have formed may not be as
permanent as any international agree
ment can ever become.
On the other side an alliance of Eng
land, France and Italy Beams to offer as
many advantages to those countries as
will be gained by the opposing powers
from their alliances. England and
France Dave long been enemies, but at
the present time they have no cause for
antagonism except some disputes over
the boundaries of their African colonies.
These disputes are slight in comparison
with the much greater benefits they may
expect to gain from a firm alliance with
one another against the aggressive com
bination of Russia, Germany and Austria.
Events now in progress in Greece may
•oon force them to act together in war,
either ior the preservation of Greece or
else for securing to the people of the
Balkan States their rightful share of the
division of the falling Ottoman empire.
CONDITION OF TEADE.
From the commercial point of view the
State is evidently working into better
shape. This does not appear so much on
the surface as in the undercurrent. It is
too gradual to be observed by the general
ran of people. But that there is a real
improvement in the situation is apparent
to those whose business interests lead
them closest to the center of trade activ
ity. It may not be amiss to survey those
improved conditions in detail.
The bank clearings form the best ba
rometer of trade, as they show the volume
of business. When times are dull they
lose, when times are active they gain. For
several weeks these clearings have been
caining, and last week the increase was
over 9 per cent. This In itself is a pretty
good indication of the trend of the tide-
Then there is the rapid advance in wheat,
which rose from $1 30 to $1 42}^ during
the week, and carried up with it barley
and oats. The advance was due to toe
European war and poorer crop prospects
in several wheat-producing countries, ae
gravaled by a hot north wind all over the
Btate. Wheat, at say $1 40, is a profitable
crop as conditions are nowadays, and if
the price will stay there the great valleys
of California will do very well this year.
High wheat means Letter prices for hay,
which ia a great stspie in California, so
the hay farmers are takine a more hope
ful view of things. Wool, too, has been
remarkably active of late and enormous
purchases hare been made.
Fruit prospects ure flattering us far as
tbe volume of the output ia concerned,
and, with the exception of ono or two
varieties, the crop promises to be heavy.
The stock of dried fruit is running low,
and dealers expect to see it all cleaned up
by the time the new crop cornea forward,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
which will help the dried-frnit interest
Thus it will be seen that the great staples
are on a highly fnvorable footing.
Money is plentiful for commercial bor
rowers at the usual rates of interest. City
collections are satisfactory, but country
collections are somewhat slow. Failures
are few and small as a rule. These de
tails show business in general to be on a
good sound footing. Only one thing is
needed to make times really lively, and
that is the tariff. Until we get it con
iiinons will not ba apt to show much im
provement. Everybody is waiting for it.
All through the Eastern States, from New
York to the Rocky Mountain*, business is
in a state of suspense pending the final
passage of the bill. While it hangs fire
anil its ultimate fate is more or less uncer
tain trnde drags. Manufacturers are cau
tious about opening their mills, and im
porters hardly know what to do. Mer
chants are all at sea whether to stock up
or not. Farm products languish because
nobody knows what they will be worth
when the bill is finally passed, and so it
eoes.
In spite of this great drawback, now
ever, there is, as has been said, a slow im
provement In trade all over the country.
Everybody is agreed that some sort ol a
tariff bill will eventually go into force,
and this in usell bsgets confidence in the
future. Meanwhile we are better off ttian
we have been under the low tariff, and
even this improvement is not to be de
spised.
SOUTH AMERICAN TRADE.
Now that the question of the extension
of trade into South America is being dis
cussed by our business men it will be well
to give attention to information on the'
subject furnished by the National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers, with head
quarters at Philadelphia. A recent publi
cation by that body affords convincing
evidence that there is a great undeveloped
field for the enterprise of our merchants
in all sections of that country.
Among the points brought out in the
publication it will be well to note a piece
of advice given by one of the members of
the association, Mr. William Harper of
Philadelphia. Beware, he says of treat
ing small orders as if they were insigni
ficant They must be regarded for the
potency in them for future development.
They like the small sack of seed which
by repeated sowings through several
seasons may produce a great crop.
The foreign buyer, if he is a good busi
ness man, will be apt to order cautiously
at first. Treat the little order courteously,
carefully, not so much for what it is as for
the latent possibilities in it. The Ger
mans, who are rightly held up to us as
models in the art of great conquests In
commerce, treat the little orders as pre
cious acquisitions. They are not experi
menters. Their success has proved their
wisdom.
Mr. Charles A. Schieren of New York,
who has thoroughly studied foreign trade
methods and whose firm does a great deal
i of exporting, compares Germany's rapid
[ advance in tho markets of the world to
those marvelouMy well-planned military
1 movements of 1870, which astonished the
| world with the swift success in which her
; thoroughly disciplined armi*s executed
them. We must adopt similar methods if
we would achieve similar success. If our
! South American trade is to be developed
into a vast commerce we must be careful
i at the beginning not to despise the day of
: small things.
COAST EXCHANGED
A public park for Ventura is being advo
cated by the Free Press.
The Napa F.cgitttr announces that Its town
iB :o have a boot and shoe factory.
The Vlsalia Times wanu a fruit exchange
organized in Visalla, and saj s "this is the
time to act."
The Madern Tribune has entered upon its
sixth volume, li i« a live local paper and oc
casionally it sparkles.
A lively improvement association in meeting
with praiseworthy regularity in Pasadena, ac
cording to the news column* of the Soutfi Pasa
denan.
The Sutler County Farmer has witnessed six
teen years of journalistic life and Is entering
upon i is sevcateenth full of promise and good
intentions.
The Redding Free Press is working for the
establishment of a special train service be
tween Redding and Keswick for the benefit of
shippers in that section.
Tne Placer Count]/ Republican indorses Tub
Call's contention that tlie coast artillery re
serve should be maintained at National ex
pense and be a National organisation.
Two new varieties of fodder pi anu have been
tested in alkali soil in Kern County. Accord
lug to the Bakersfield < alijomlan tbe experi
ments have been completely succcessful.
A notable addition to Acamro'i enterprises
is a fruii-naniUing firm, which the Stockton
Independent mentions as having recently be
gun the construction of a large packing-house-
The nice new improvement! in Santa Eou'i
industrial circles have been noted by the
Republican of that place. An electric railroad
is la sight as one oi the improvements of the
near future.
The Los Angeles Herald asserts that the past
fifteen years have proved that there is
"scarcely any thing so stable as the value of
irrigated land in ihe Southern part of Cali
fornia."
The Pleasanton Times has a long review of
the crop prospects in the Amador Valley in its
latest issue. It says a trip around the valley
is sufficient to convince one that the crop con
ditions are first-class.
The Farmers' Club has been organized in
Healdsburg. The Enterprise announces that
the organization is designed to advance local
industrial interests and will meet twice a
month for that purpose.
The Stockton Mail prints in its news col
umns the announcement that a strike of
natural gas was made at the mouth of Corral
Hollow Canyon last Thursday. Ex-Assembly
man Shields was boring for water at a depth of
only 170 feet when he made the discovery.
Commenting upon the recent purchase of an
immense body of land in Merced and Stanis
laus counties by a Rothschild syndicate, the
Alameda Encinal and the Fresno Republican
rise in concert 10 advocate the enactment of a
law prohibiting any one but a citizen acquir
ing real estate in this country.
At the head of the editorial column of the
Sutter Independent is kept standing the line,
'•Only one Sacramento Valley. ' It Is to be
presumed that Sacramento Valley thinks there
is only one Sutter Independent, inasmuch as it
has contributed to '.he support of ten volumes
of that healthy newspaper, whica is now start
ing on volume XI.
The Martinez JS'ews is trying to stir up local
enthusiasm with a view to raising Martinez
outol the industrial depression which it as
cribes to It. On the Ist 01 July the Sens will
publish a twenty-tour page special edition to
tue number of 5000 copies for distribution
abroad. "We want them 10 know something
about the best county in California," remarks
the Xewa editor.
The Oroville Mercury points with pride to
the fact that not one of the many creameries
recently built in Butte and neignboriug coun
ties has proved a iailure. Tl»e Woodland
creamery, in Volo, is referred to as an exam
pie of the prcgressthat has attended creHm
eries in that section the past year. Twelve
months ago this Institution was taking only
100 pounds of milk a day, whereas it is now
taking 500 daily.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
There were deaths from accidents in the
British navy last month oa three ships at
tached to the Channel squadron. One, a
stoker, was killed by an explosion; two sea
men were suffocated by sleeping in an air
tight compartment and two boatmen and a
surgeon were drowned.
, France is bunding live triple-screw battle
ships, named in order of state of completeness
as follows: Massena. Bouvet, Charlemagne,
Su Louis and Gaulois. They are of about
12,000 tons displacement and are to have a
speed oi 17}_ knots. Three triple screw
cruisers, named the Jeanno d'Arc, Guicheu
and Chateau- Renault, are also in course of
construction. Their speed is to be about 22
knots.
The fatal bursting of a torpedo on the Brit
ish cruiser Theseus, at Multa, March 23, wns
caused by a tackle breaking and the torpedo
fell to the deck with such force that the com
pressed air chambers exploded, bursting the
torpedo. Some of the flying fragments struck
two petty officers, inflicting injuries which
necessitated amputation ot a leg of each man.
One of the men dieJ the same night. The
court of inquiry found the acci'lent duo to
the defective tackle, winch hud decayed
through dry rot.
The British Admiralty is at last recognizing
the importance of etenm engineering in the
navy by increasing the salaries of the engi.
neer-in-chief and several other officers i i the
engineering department of the Admiralty.
Commencing with the new fiscal year Mr.
Dur.it.in, the engineer-in-chief, will receive
$9000 per anuum. instead of $6500, as paid
hitherto. The chief engineer inspector will
receive an increase of $095, and two others
$350 and S.SO respectively Talent and
responsibility are much Higher paid in the
British navy than in ours, for whereas the
director of naval construction and the engi
neer-in-chief get a salary ol $12,500 and
$9000 respectively, our chief constructor and
the engineer-in-chlef receive only $5000.
The raise of salaries in the engineering branch
11 sairt to have beon in recognition of the un
qualified success of the introduction of the
water-tube boilers in tho Powerful and Ter
rible.
The London Engineer of April 2 contains an
illustrated article comparing the relative
seaworthiness of the British battle-ship Prince
George, lately completed, and the United
States battle-ship Alabama, now in course of
construction at Newport "News. The argu
ment is made that the American battle-ship is
overweighted ami that, owiug to Its little free
board, it will be In a hazardous predicament
when heeling at an angle of 30 degrees. The
Prince George, on the other hand, is claimed
to be perfectly safe at that angle to heel. The
following dimensions and data of each ship
are given by tne Engineer to bear out Its con
clusions:
Alabama.
length, feet
Displacement, tons
Free board, forward, feet.....
Free board, Aft, feet
Main armament, tons
Turret gear, etc. tons
Coal capacity, tons
309
14.900
25.25
20
184
•5-0
2260
368
000
195
13.5
24J
940
1200
The illustrations show the ships heeled over
to thirty degrees, in which position the decks
of the Alabama have a great quantity of j
water. This weight In connection with the |
heavy armament and turrets are, it Is argued, ■
liable to endanger the safety of the chip. It is J
pointed out that the American ship on 3000 i
tons less displacement carries a main anna- j
ment fifty-six tons in excess of the British
ship, and that the Alabama's turrets ana gear
are heavier by 320 tons than the Princ o
George's. ____^^_^^__^
PERSONAL.
H. T. M&gulre of Lowell Hill Is at the Rush.
Major A. L. Nichols of Chlco Is at the Grand.
I. H. Coutolenc of St. Helena is at the Grand.
Charles Erickson of Oakdale is at the Grand.
L. L. Chamberlain of Auburn is at the Grand.
A. Brizara, merchant, of Arcata, is at the
Lick.
"Papa" Peakes of Stockton la stopping at the
Palace.
E. L, Shumar of Fresno Is at the Cosmo
politan.
A. Fiat: of Racramentn is at the Cosmo
politan.
Ek Meblus, aßarramento capitalist, Is at the
Occidental.
Gus (). Grant of Stockton is a guest at the
Grand Hotel.
L. W. Khtnn, a wall-known Carson miner, is
at tho Grand.
Lieutenant K. I. Tomkinson of Santa Monica
is in the City.
John Muiquecney St. of LiTermore is at the
Cosmopolitan. •
Lieutenant K. P. Tompkinson and wife of
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest
The Vine Hoppers.
To he Editor of the San FYanei»*> Call— I have read in The Call about the new pens
which have made their appearance In the vineyards around Fresno. I had a similar experi.
ence with grasshoppers some thirty -five years ago, while I was living at a nursery In Ken!
tucky. I think thc»e vine hoppers probably belong to the same family, and It may bo oi some
benefit to somebody to say that I drove quits a lot oi hungry chickens right between the flowers.
The chickens did not touch the young plants; they did not scratch the ground; they only ate
.he hoppers with such rapidity that the nursery was cleared in a lew days. There are hun
dreds of turkeys raised in Fresno County, and it would not hurt the grapevines now to try the
experiment. " r yj m, itf
H»yw«d», April 24. W> MrLLK*.
Santa Monica are registered at the Grand
Hotel.
Col. James L. Wolfe of Minneapolis is at the
Cosmopolitan.
G. D. Plato, a well-known Modesto merchant,
is at the Grand.
Miss R. Richards of Sprague, Wash., Is at
the Cosmopolitan.
W. R. Dyer, a merchant from Sacramento, is
at the Russ House.
J. Dinsmore, a merchant from Eureka, Cal.,
is at the Kuss House.
J. A. Muir, a prominent Los Angeles railway
man, is at the Palace.
I. H. Cotolenc, a prominent wine man of St.
Helena, is in the City.
Charles Erickson, a well-known railroad
contractor, is at the Grand.
J. B. Peakes, a prominent mining man of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
E. t. Page, correspondent for an Eastern
Journal, is a guest at the Palace.
J. M. Wilmans, a mining man from New
man, is a guest at the Lick House.
G. A. Johnson, a prominent mining man ol
Redding, Cal., is at ihe Occidental
Ci. D. Plato of Modesto is visiting this City.
and is stopping at the Grand HoteL
Martin Cuddihy of Happy Camp, on the
Klamath, is in town on a short Ylsit.
W. H. Hilton of Glen Ellen, fruit-grower and
wlneman, is visiting friends in this City.
B. T. Catlin, an oflSeer at the Yountvllle Sol
diers' Home, is a guest at the Occidental.
J. A. Muir, iuperintendent of the Los An
geles division of the Southern Pacific, is at
the Palace.
W. F. Robidoux. a prominent and popular
young man from Santa Clara, is on his wed
ding tcur.
Dr. A. E. Osborneot Eldridge, in charge of
the Home for Feeble-minded, is stopping at
the Grand Hotel.
Mrs. and Miss Ferguson, wife and daughter
of the well-known harness man of Eureka,
Cal., are at the Baldwin.
C F. Montgomery, proprietor of the Antioch
Ledger, is on a visit to this City and is quar
tered at the Occidental QoteL
Mrs. Emma .Shaw Colcleueh, correspondent
of the Boston Transcript and of the Provi
dence Journal, is at the Occidental.
AS WE JOURNEY THROUGH LIFE.
I sometimes wonder ef the man thet's hurryin' ho
an' fast
Don't Mud thet his success want wuth the trouble
ut the last.
Far there's pleasures,
An' there's treasures,
In their t!me, fur one and all.
It's the green fruli needs the abakln'-
Rlpu au' ready fruit will fall.
The one thet travels fast will be the fast ter tit
back hum,
But the llnserers her the wild flowers an 1 the
music, when they come.
Kz far Duty,
There's no beauty
Thet's too fair fur her to boast:
Them ez lets her jlne their pastimes
Is the ones ez loves her most.
—Washington Star.
Wlln YOUR COFFEE.
"He accused her of using paint."
"To her lace?"
"Yes, and on her face."— Philadelphia North
American.
"Does your poetry pay 7"
"Well, it just keeps the wolf from tho door."
■'I suppose you read it to him?" — London
Tit- Bits.
I.ady Shopper— l want to get something suit
able for a boy of 10 years.
Salesman— Slipper counter down in eecona
aisle; turn to your ri^htl— Boston Transcript.
"I'm told Charley Binks is quarrelsome."
"He is. Why, when that fellow was ap
pointed a committee of one to decide on a cer
tain matter at our club he put in a minority
report!" — Harper's Bazar.
Mr. Mann— For mercy's sake, what are the
children quarreling about in the next room?
Mrs. Mann— Their music-teacher came in a
few minuter ago, and I suppose they are now
engaged in a study of harmony.— Boston Tran
script,
MEN AND WOMEN
King Oscar of Sweden is an Interested stu
dent of mathematics.
George Brandes, the noted Scandinavian
literary critic, has recently received the cross
of the Legion of Houor.
Professor George Ebers, more widely known
as a novelist than as an Egyptologist iv the
faculty of the University of Munich, cele
brated his sixtieth birthday recently.
W. H. Mallock is to be the editor of the con
solidated National Observer and British Ke
view. which perpetuates in full the titles of
both weeklies. All contributions will be
unonymous.
Profpsxor G. W. Gibbs, who holds the chair
of mathematical physio* at Yale, has been
elected a member of the Royal Society at
London. This is an honor given heretofore to
only six Americans, among whom wero Pro
fessors H. G. Newton and J. D. Dana of Yale.
Anna Dickinson was awarded 6% cents dam
ages by a jury at Scranton, Pa., in her suit
against G. B. Thompson, Allan Eggleston and
others for $500,000 damages, on the allega
tion that they, at the instance of her sister,
forcibly took her from her home at Plttston,
Pa., in 1891, and incarcerated her in the Dan
villa Insane Asylum.
HOW MODERN WARS I EGiN
New York Hnn.
The assertion of the Porte is that Greek
troops Invaded Turkish territory without
warning and that war existed without a
formal declaration of it from Athens.
Such a statement, be it observed, however
founded, does not at all settle the question as
to the relative decrees of merit in the Greek
and the Ottoman causes, but it furnishes a
striking illustration of how small a part the
mere form of a declaration of war may play in
modem times and how little reliance can be
placed on having time for planning either de
fense or agjtression after it comes.
A report from a committee of Congress has
compiled statistics on this Bubject, derived,
we believe, from European sources. Without
recording wars against barbarous or semi
barba.ous countries, it finds that nearly or
quite every leading power in Europe has at
times waged war without declaring it. Not to
ko into details, it found that '"from 1700 to
1871, inclusive, loss than ten instances have
occurred in which declarations of war have
preceded hostilities; on the other hand, 107
cases were recorded in which hostilities have
been begun by Europe or by the United States
of America, without previous declaration of
war." The most noteworthy case ar-cribed to
our own country Is tho resolution <^f May 13,
18-1(5, in which Congress, instead of declaring
war agßinst Mexico, declared that war already
existed, as the result of Mexican aggressions,
which President I'olk's message had recited.
Indeed, when war seems to be almost inevi
table it ib easy to understand bow, apart from
chance collisions between armies of observa
tion, the advantage of the initiative may lead
to hostile acts. That the movements ot the
Greek irregulars several days ago were di
rected upon strategic points was perfectly
obvious.
bo far us we are concerned the lesson taught
by the rapidity with which events have fol
lowed in Thessaly and the actual beginning of
hodiililies between Greece and Turkey when
all the great powers of Europe apparently had
the desire to keep them apart is that prepara
tion lor defense must not be delayed until war
is threatened, and still lets in order to see
whether war will really be declared. The dis
covery that "war exists" Is very apt to take
the place •>> a formul declaration thereof.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Last Week Was a Fairly
Good One for Realty
Business.
Circumstances That Tend to
Foster Property Matters
Multiplying Daily.
The Southwest Corner of Powell and
Ellis Streets to Bs So d at
Auction.
The week has been a fairly good one for
realty business. Inquiry is developing more
generally and trading is becomin? of a moro
positive character. There Is nothing in the
immediate situation to indicate the proba
bility of lessened activity. On the contrary,
c rcumstauces are almost daily multiplying
that help in fostering property matters and
give additional impetus to everything asso
ciated with land operations, whether in town
lots or in suburban acres.
Probably the most important auction sale
this year will be the offering by Baldwin A
Howell, in the near future, ol the property at
the southwest corner of Powell and Ellis
streets, by order of the Auzerais estate. The
property has a frontage of 48 feet on Powell
street by a aepth of 75 feet on Ellis.
The improvements consist of a five-story
and basement brick building under rental.it
is stated by tho agents, of about $10,000 a
year.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS,
There were 113 deeds recorded during the
past week.
The mortgages for the same time numbered
eighty-nine and aggregated $251,000. Among
the principal ones were the following:
By the Hibernia Bank to Eliai J.Baldwin,
$85,000, for one year at 6% per cent, on prop
erty in this City and Los Angeles County,
already described; by the same 10 Charles and
Catherine Herbst, $7000. for one year at 6Va
percent, on proterty in fifty-vara block 191).
on the west lino ot Mason str-et, 42:9
north o£ Turk, north 20 by west
75; by the German Bank to * Ernest
Rochat, $6000 for one year at 7 per cent on
property in Western Addition b.ock 468, on
the northeast corner of Vallejo and Devisa
dero streets, east (H:9 by north 105; by Ellen
and Charlotte E. Dore to Michael C. Taylor,
$14,000 for two years at 6£ per cent on prop
erty in Mission block 22, at the junction of the
east line ot Guerrero street with the southeast
linaof Market, south s^:9^, east 7«!:4 1^, north
15, northwest 78:4. souitiwest 33:6! i; by the
Hibernia Bank to Frederick Gereke, $6500 lor
one year at 6}^ per cent on property in fifty
vara blocfc lt>, on the southeast corner of
Green and Battery streets, east 137:6 by south
45:10.
There were fifty-six releases recorded,
amounting to $141,380. The larger of these
were the following : Fr.m the French Bank to
Bernard Sarthou, $3000 on property in West
ern Addition block 303, on tlie southeast cor
ner of Fillmoro street and Golden Gate bvuiiu",
east 55 by south 87:0; from the Hibernia ßank
to Adolph and Helena Schlesinger, $SOOJ on
property in Western Addirion block 61, on the
w--t line of I'oik street, 30 feet south of O'Fur
rell, south 30 by west 97:8: from the same
to Henry Casebolt, $8000 on property
in Western Addition block 188, on the
southeast corner of Greenwich and Laguna
streets, east 62 :6 by south 80; on the south
line of Greenwich street, 2'JO east of Laguna,
east 55 by south 80; on the northeast corner
of Filbert and Lacuna, east 62:6 by north 85;
on the north lin- 1 of Filbert sireet, 165 east oi
Lacuna, east 110 by north 85, and on the
nor:h line of Union street, 43 en»t of La
guca, east 65:5, aorta 120, west 110:5, south
60, east 45, south 60; from the name to the
same, $3000 on property in Western Addition
block 188, on the east line of Lacuna street,
26:8 south of Greenwich, south 26:4 by east
62:6, and in Western Addition block 189, on
the east line of Laguna street, 60 north of
Union, north 60, east 110:5, south 21:7, west
45:9%, south 38:5, west 64:7}£.
NEWS ITEMS.
A cottage house is to be constructed by Julia
O'Kane on the northeast corner of Twenty
first and Folsom streets.
R. W. Collins has let contracts for the build
ing of a cottage hou^e at the northeast corner
of Chattanooga and Twenty-second streets.
Charles Oliva is to make several alterations
ana additions to the building on the west line
oi Elgin Park, between Hermann and Thir
teenth streets.
John M. Llppincott is to build two flats on
the south line of Sacramento street, 112:6
feet west of Walnut.
Several alterations and additions are to be
made In Hie buiMing ot Eunna Joseph, on the
southeast corner of Sacramento and Gough
streets.
A two-story frame building arranged In flats
is lo be built on the northwtst cornerof Twen
second street and Treat avenue by Charlotte
Halm.
Mary Hanley has contracted for some addi
tions to her premises on the north line of
Eighteenth street. 50 feet east of Harrison.
The b.tilaing on the south line of Green
(street, 17:2 feet east of Dupont street, belong
iug to Waiter Comoagno, ia to be converted
into a three-story structure.
Edward Wharton Is to build a two-story
residence on the north line of Fell street, be
tween Lyon and Lott.
On the north line of Sacramento street 137:6
feet west of Cherry, Frank 11. Foot will shortly
commence the building of two flats.
Four now cottages have been commenced
during the past week in tho Ileyman tract. One
of the new buildings is at the northwest cor
ner of Aivarado street and Hoffman avenue,
and three are on the north side of Twenty
third streot, above Hoffman avenue.
A. S. Seandrett is to construct a two-story
an>i basement frame building on the north
liwe of Fulton street, 125 feet east of Lyon.
Alexander Wilsou has let the contract for
carpeuter and mill work for a three-story
brick and frame building At the southwest
corner of Turk and Taylor streets.
Julian Sonntag has let contracts for the
building of a two-story residence on the
northeast corner of Scott and Valiejo streets.
On the west line of Folsora street, 65 feet
south of Twenty-first, T. McEneany will con
struct a three-story frame building, to be ar
ranged In flats.
Catherine Reinspach is to build a two-story
iraine residence on Jessie street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
A three-story frame buiMing of three flats
wi.l be built Dy Daniel K. Nunan on the east
line of Poweli street, between Clay and Sacra
mento.
H. K. Devely is to construct a two-story
frame building on the north line of Union
street, 84:5 feet east of Laguna.
Joseph Fyel has let contracts for extensive
alterations and additions to the premises on
the north line oi McAllister street, 137:6 feet
west of Pierce.
A two-s'.ory and basement frame building is
to be built by L. Friedlander, consisting of two
flats, on the east side of Lyon street, 23 feet
south of Golden Gate avenue.
A club was formed during the past week
consisting of same prominent members of the
Mission district, which will have for its ob
jects the securing of a park and zoological
garden for the Mission. George D. Hhadbume
was rhoson president ot the new organ-zation
and J. J. McEwen secretary.
The Richmond District Improvement Club
nnen.-U to begin another agitation to close
the cemeteries, and will petition the Boa-u of
Health and the Board of Supervisors to take
action.
The construction of the new driveway on
Firsi avenue, between the part and the Presi
dio, was commenced during the past week
Several plows and teams were put to work by
the contractor* at Washington street dleeinK
up the macadam preparatory to layin* the
concrete foundation for the bitumen lock,
v- m , cxce { >t » 011 , <•* the blocK between
Washington and Juckson streets, First avenue
will haye a smooth pavement The grade be
tween Washington an.! JftdEMO streets is too
steep to permit the use of bitumen, so basalt
rock will be laid between those points
The Supervisors will be requested to exempt
the owners of property fronting on Corbett
road from being assessed for the opening of
Seventeenth street.
.u G ' n '^ se ." lt Co - wUI ofler at auction on
the loth of April, a choice line of City Droi>
erty, consisting of the following parcels:
Loi and improvements on the northeast cor
ner of Turk and Stetner streets, 87:6x137 •♦>
feet, with L 50x50; lot and iini>roveruei.!> on
the east side of Valencia street, between
Twentieth a.. d Twonty-nrst; administrator's
sale of Howard-street flats, near Fourteenth
cottage house, 1413 Fulton street, near Br. d
erick; southeast ., T ner of Larkin and bacra
mentostreets, lot 25:0x100 fee t,with improve
ments; coiy cottage, on the ixrh klde of
Nineteenth street, eighty-rive feet en*- of
Castro; southwest comer of Fulton and Web
ster, lot 25x82:6 feet, with improvements
consisting of a two-flat house; mannfacturinJ
site on First Btreet, with, improvements, now
rentin" for $206 a month; lot 137:6x137:6
feet °rUh improvements, on the north line of
Jack«on street, near Larkin, induc^n* a row
of eoTa« houses, Nos. 1412 to 142*; uireo
buUdne lots ou the south Jine of Market
street 131 feet east of Fourteenth ; tenement
nrorertv on the north side of Bryant street
east of Fourth, arm a two-float house, 1308
a^fv^Kh^^ t P ortthefol,owin,
*£*■' Loi 34*4x137:6 feet, west line of
Fourth street 275 feet south of Mission, $38.
--*? n• lnt 4oVs7*6 feet, south lino of Eddy
street 87-2 "feet west of Leavenworth. $23,
--000 rents for S170; lot 52:8x97:0 feet, west
line nfWeb«ter street, 47 feet south of Grove.
¥7000 remsfor $60; lot 34x1 11 leetsouth
w' it cornel Devisadcro and ciav streets,
s7*V» rents for $50; lot x24xt»2 'eet.^outh
west co-ncr Jones and Union streets, $2500;
20x80 feVJ.west line of kearny street
117:6 feet north of Green, $325u;
lot 14x23 feet, on east line ofDnnta •alley 28
le.M north of Merchunt street, .^2500, lot 25x
114 feet, on south line of Tw enty - nnr t Btreo t
225 feet eastof Guerrero, $14,000, lot 23x00
feet, on vest line ql Limvette street. 64. b feet
north of Green. #2900; lot 25x80 feet, on
north line ofi-hama street. 37:6 feet northeast
of Fourth, $3250; lot 25x85 leet, on south line
of Erie sir. et, 137:6 feel west of Howard,
$1935. rents $20; lot 25x80 feet, on ■outhwMS
corner of Jones and Greenwich streets, $3200.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report the sale of
the rigl.ir orchard of ten acres at Berryessa,
near San Jose, lor .*SOOO. and the Lo^an ranch
at Naj.a, consisting of 9SO acres, for $10,500.
01 the 1013 acres of the Hatcn-Armstrong
ranch near Aecmpo 533 acres have thus far
been sold by Uovee, Toy & Sonntag at an
average price of $175 an acre. It is true that it
is all choice orchard property. The remain
ing 480 acr.-s are all in eight-year-old .almonds,
and include the residence and farm buildings.
This is the cream of the place and will com
mand a slightly higher price.
Commencing next Paturdav, and con tin
Jiik (taring the summer months, Easton, Ki
dridge & Co. will run excursions once a week
to O.ikdnle, Stanislaus County, leaving this
City on Saturday at 6 P. M., nnd returning the
following Monday morning at 5 a. M. The
fare for the round trip will be $2 50. Owing
to the numerous inquiries of late for the pur
chase of desirable grain and fruit lands the
agents have inaugurated this plan for con
ducting prospective purchasers to one of the
most desirable nnd diversified farming sec
tions of California, where they are offering
large tracts ot property.
ODD FELLOWS' DAY.
How the Seventy-Eighth Anniversary
of the Order Will Be Observed
in This City.
To-day ii the seventy-eighth anniver
sary of American Odd Fellowship, and the
day will be generally observed throughout
the State by the several subordinate
lodges, the encampments, the cantons and
the Kebekah lodges.
The most extensive of all the celebra
tions will be held in Santa Barbara. The
subordinates of Alameda Couuty and the
Kebekahs oi the same county will hare a
jjrand picnic in San Lorenzo Grove, while
in this City the only celebration will be
by Oriental Encempment No. 57 and Can
ton San Francisco No. 5 in Odd Fellows'
Hail this evening. It will consist of a re
ception entertainment and ball under the
direction oi the following committees:
Executive committee — J. W. Harris (chair
man), General J. F. Crosett, General E. H.
ltiacK, Colonel H. C. Brower, Lieutenant-
Colonel W. S. Potter, J. M. WilHston, R. C.
BlacK, N. E. Flint, J. Thompson, G. W. Lemont,
11. Knobfl, X Mefret, Captain A. J. Duncan;
reception committee — J. A. Foster, Fred Fill
more, W. J. Phi. lips, Joseph A-'.ams, G. H.
Wi:son, A. H. Kelton; fluor manager, John
Thompson; floor committee— D. C. Malcolm,
W. T. Galloway, W. H. Manuel, G. R. Meyer
derKß, James Davis, A. D. McLean.
Past Grand Master George H. Morrison
will act as master of ceremonies and the
following numbers will be presented:
Music, orchestra; welcome and a<>dresg f
chairman; selections by the celebrated Ladles
Lyric Quartet, Mrs. Martin Schuitz first so
prano, Mis Ethel Tilson second soprano, Miss
Amy Partridge first alto, Miss Nellie Partridge
second alto; Professor Martin Schuitz, musical
director; selection, Miss Lottie Grac-ber, elocu
cutionist; Miss Maude Noble, trombone solo;
selections by the fraternal Knickerbocker
quartet, Brothers D. M. Lawrence, 1). C. Crane
Elliott, L. A. Larsen; Miss Daisy Gil
more, elocutionist; concluding incidentals
Sheriff Richard I. Whelan. v
Cau glace fruit 800 per lb., at Townsend's. •
» — » «
Pmcial Information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SlO Montgomery. •
« ♦ ♦
Mrs. Box— There's thirteen at the table.
Johnnie— l can eat for two, that makes four
teen.— y'____________^^
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Roat«,
Three and One-half Days to
Chicago or St. louli-Fonr
and One-half Days to
New York.
leaving San Francisco Mondays and Thursday*,
at 6 f. m.. connection Is made at Barstow with the
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dlnlng-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Dally
through sleeping-cars, bo:h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold rla
Ogden, Portland, Mojave, Los Angeles, Demlng or
El Paso, to all points In the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Maxes*
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 163 L
> ♦ — •
Railroad Tickets to the East ria Bio
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Grande Railways,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service eTery day
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday*
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tickets
Detailed Information and tickets furnished, at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California street.
"Mrs. WlnlloWi soothing Syr no"
Hm been used over flf:y years by mlllloni •*
mothers for their children whlieTeethlng with per*
feet success, it Eoothes the child, softens thenim*, 1
allays Pain, enres Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and Is the best remedy for IMarrboaas, whether ans»
Ing from tee:hlngorother causes, lor sale by dru
glsta la every part of the world. Bo sure and n)|
for Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. BSo m, UotUa,
• — ♦ — •
Coboxado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from toe mists com*
mon further north. Round- trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $ 60 ; longer stay 32 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
♦ — ♦ »
Be snre and supply your toilet with a bottle of
Ayer's Vigor. It keeps the hair soft and
glossy, and the scalp cool and clean.
• ♦ — »
"I suppose yonr v datighter is just like mine
rather ri le a wheel than eat."
"Not exactly; but she would rather ride •
wheel than cook."— Chicago Record.
hew to-dat;
The greatest praise other
emulsions can take to
themselves is that they are
"Just as good as
Scott's
Emulsion'
Measured by this standard
of the worl jj are these un-
known preparations the
thing for you to buy when
health and life are at stake ?
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.'B** «n.i <*kH
'/o.VDAY APRIL V! 6. 1897
1
'. AMUSEMENTS.
Fai i>win Theatek — Priaarose and West's
Minstrels.
. Columbia Thkatkr--'A Run on the Bank."
Moßosco'sOPKßA-HocsK- 11 The istnngelerB. M
Ai.ca7.at-. Theater A Noble Rogue."
I Tivon Opera House - O'Brien."
Orphekm — Hlgb-CUm Vaudeville.
• Bctbo Baths.— Bathins and Performances.
The Chutes and skatino Rivk— Daily at
Halght street, one block east of the Park.
• ACuric Coast Jockey Club.— to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
• Ei, Cahpo— ilusic, Pancins, Boating, Fishing,
tvery bunday.
—
AUCTION : Al-i S.
By E. 8. KptAi: £ Co.— This d»v. April 26,
Furniture, at 747 Market st., at lOo'elock.
ByJ.C ■•iiiv!- ruesday. April '-'7, Furnt-
ture, at 510 Eddy street, al 11 o'clock.
■BY s-tkekt i'cuvsswKi.L- Wednesday, April
'2S,>aioou, comer \ •ienol* aud 1 wt-nty -sixth ,
■tjll o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Women's Congress opens to-day.
Bt Kost's ( burcta was yesterday dedicated
by Archbishop Riordan.
A numb, r of excellent scores were made at
the bheil Mound rifle range yesterday.
There were some line throws made at the fly
contes: at Stow Lake yesterday.
X: t \ i :; convert! of the Verley meeting were
immersed :n the bay at North Beach Saturday.
.Mr?. Helen Gardener, the star of the Women's
Congress, received a distinguished visitor yes
terday.
Rev. William Kader preached about mira
st night at the Third Congregational
Church.
KiaUmacharin Bodabkiskshu lectured at Na
tive Sons' Hall last evening upon "Religion as
s Science."
Several of the Columb'a Pistol and Rifle
' I li/s members are takiLg to musket shooting
with good results.
The pupils o: the Scuola Italian* and their
■parents and friends had a. pleasant outing at
Shell Mound Park yesterday.
The Alameda-Bohemia cricket match played
t ay at tne Golden Gate grounds resulted
in a decisive win for Alameda.
Tnree hundred young people were confirmed
at Bt. < harles Church, corner of Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, yesterday.
Henry Collins was booked at the City prison
Tpsrcrday on a charge of burclary for having
broken into a ireightcar at Seventh and Town
send streets.
Burglars attempted to break into the ticket
office of the Southern Pacific at the ferries yes
terday morning, but were scared away by the
night bookkeeper.
Major W. W. Wincheli of the Salvation Army
gave an Interesting talk on colonization for
the unemployed, at the Second Unitarian
CLuich last tvening-
A special address oi more than usual merit
was given yesterday afternoon by Rev. Philip
a. Hubert, D.D., ol Livingstone College, at tne
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
The ghost o: Windsor Keefer, the wealthy
mine-owner who is supposed to have been
murdered, has been seen about his recent
home by Mile. Hassler, a neighbor.
The British ship Dalrvmpie finished loading
this morning, and there is not a vessel in port
thßt is now taking in grain. This is some
thing unusual in the history of the port.
Fully 6000 people traveled over the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway yester
day to Ei Campo. Schuetzen Part and Guerne
ville. The accommodations were perfect
The ticket agent's oflics of the Tiburon ferry
was broken into last Sunday morning, but
•only .*9 was secured. Tue burglars were
scared away before they could tackle the sale.
A general committee meeting of the Lincoln
Monument .League has been ca;ied for
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock, at Foresters'
Hall. 102 O'Farreil street (hall 2, known as
Golden Shore Hall).
8. Webster, vice-president of the 'o7 com
mittee, said in an address at the West Side
Christian Church last night that the conven
tion would most certainly come here, despite
ail rumors to the contrary.
The match between John Rlordan and T. F.
Bonnet for tee coast handball championship
was commenced at the San Francisco court
yesterday, lour games being played. Bonnet
winning three and Riordan oae.
The Golden Rule Bazaar baseball team de
feated the Nightingale team of Oakland yester
day afternoon by a score oi t> to 4. A feature
of the game was a running fly catch, resulting
in a trip;e play by Walter Ricnardson.
Mark Lave will present to the Board of
Supervisors to-day a stirring protect against
any proposed diversion of the Fourth of July
appropriation. His argument is founded on
the importance of guarding the sacred spirit
of patriotism in the community.
The pickers oi winners had an off day at the
Inpie^ae coursing park yesterday and the
iers" were in consequence jubilant.
The selling-stake theory was tried for the first
time and turned out to be a success. This
vn.'l hereafter be a feature of the coursing
park. _______^______
HANDBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.
Commencement of the Match Between
Riordan and Bonnet
The contest between John Riordan, the
coast champion, and T. F. Bonnet for the
championship drew a large crowd to the
Ban Francisco handDall court yesterday
afternoon.
Every handball-player of note la the
City was present, including such well
known players as J. C. Nealon, P. J. Don
nelly, the amateur champion; M. J. Kil
gallon, R. Linehan. Al Hampton, J. Har
low, Joe Lawless, Ed Maloney, J. J. Fee
ney and others. Al Hampton was selected
as scorer and referee.
Following were the games played yes
terday in the San Francisco court:
P. Ryan and G. McPonuld defeated J. Rod
trers and P. Lyons, 21—14. 13—21, 21—18,
12—21, 21—17. M. Edwens and E. Harry de
feated D. Regiin and M. Baech, 21—11, 16—21,
21—14. M. McDonald and J. Rodgers d.-.
teHted P Ryaa and G. McDonald. 21—14,
15—21, 21—19. P. Kelly and J. White ae
i«nted E. Toy and J. CfiUlnp, 21—17,10—21,
21— Al Hampton and M. Basch defeated J.
White and J. Hogan, 21—11.14—21,21—20.
■J. C. Nealon »nd R. Linehan played p. T.
Donnelly and E. Maloney and each side won
two Etmcs. E. Khulmeyer Hnd J. Thorner ae
feat'-il .T. Hinze and J. Vogelsang, —14, I(s—
21. 21—18. P. McKenua and Dan Sullivan de
ieat«-d J. Hawkes and J. Hurley, 21—10, 15—
21.21—14.
J. Riord&n and T. F. Bonnet played the first
lour games ior the coast champioaEbip with
the following hcore:
' Bonnet 21 12 21 21
KlorUaa 15 21 10 12
Juvenile Highwaymen.
J. B. Mannin, who keeps a shoestore at 040
Washington street, was wnylaid on his way
home at 1 o'clock this morui:.g by Frank Baci
gaiupi and Andrew Costello, two yom.g hood
lums, who Enatcbed his watch and chain on
the corner of Valleju and Kearny Etreets.
After a 6harp race over several blocks tho rob
bers were captured and charged at the Call
iornia-«treet FtHtion.
kew TO-DAT.'
FOR
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
' •witnCcTicußA Soap, and application
of Ccticuba (ointment), the great skin cure.
Ccticuba Kejiedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humor*,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Sola throughoatu>« world. PottbbDhco a*b Cbik.
Cop.i-.. 8ol«Prop».. Boeton. , „ .
W " How to Cure Skio-Tortured B»D»et. • frtt.
QV. I M Of» Al D and Hur BMutiftea by
3MN OuALH cuticura boap. *
SPREADING THE LIGHT.
Lessons of Love, of Truth and of Piety
Preached From Many Pulpits*
AT THE First Baptist Church Rev.
M. r. Boynton's text was Luke
xxiii:42-43— "And he said, Jesus, re
member me when thou come«t into thy
kingdom. And he said unto him, Verily,
I say unto thee to-day sbalt thou f>e with
me in Paradise." Mr. Boynton said:
Life's la«i hour is last in more senses
than in point of time. Last in thought
and in purpose.
The last hour of Jesus' life was full of
manifestation of divinity. No coronation
of a king was ever so grand. la the
world's sight it seemed an hour of defeat ;
the cross a sign of ignominy: the cry,
"\\ hy hast tbou forsaken me?" despair;
the shout, "It is finished," retreat. How
deceived was the world ! The lifting of the
cross was the raising of an emblem that
should shine in every clime, be seen in all
the earth and known as the mark of
highest divinity and of most loving
fatherhood.
The lament, "Has thou forsaken me?"
was the interpretation oi Gtd come down
to bury the 6ius of all mankind. The
shout, "It is finished," the cry that has
echoed around the world and lingers as a
halo about God's throne. After his resur
rection many said, "Rabboni," but in the
darkness of Calvary there was only one to
say "Lord," and he a poor, dying thief.
The world demanded that Christ should
come down from the cross to prove him
self the son of God. He would do no such
sign, but would work a greater thing and
prove more eternally his >fessiah*hh>. He
would save, not himsels, but another, and
one of the most eieaant trophies that
Christ took with him as an evidence of
his mission fulfilled was the glorified be
ing wi.o entered tne uplifted caies at his
s.de; who in the midst of the agony on
the cross had saii, "Lord, reraemoer me."
The Roman power could take away Jeans'
raiment, they could cast lots for his coat,
MANY BURGLARIES
ON THE FRONT
The Office of the Tiburon
Ferry Broken Into and
Robbed.
A Second Attempt to Loot the
Southern Pacific Office
Failed.
Corinthian Yachtsmen Held Their
First Cruise of the Season
Yesterday.
Water front burglars are still paying
tbeir attention to t£>e various ticket offices
used by ilie ferry companies. Although
each agent is provided with a burglar
alarm, connected with toe Harbor Police
Station, still the bareiars do not scare
worth a cent. Last night or early this
morning the office of the ban Francisco
and >>"orth Pacific was entered and $'0
taken from the change drawer. It was
said that an attempt was made on the
office safe, but this is denied by Agent
Megrain. An investigation made yester
day morning showed that the tick"t win
dow had been broken and a boy passed
through. The lad then evidently opened
the door and let the thieves in.
A couple ol hours later the robbers made
a descent upon the office of the Southern
Pacitic at the ferries. 'While one man was
working at the ticket window another
tried to gain admit'.ance through the
door. The night bookkeeper heard the
men at work and gave the alarm. The
thieves heard him moving about and de
camped before the police showed up.
Haif a dozen vessels have been robbed
during the pa^t week and the thieves
beeni to be gaining confidence. Tney
must be experts, as on many occasions
they have entered tne cabins of the ves
te.3 and rilled the pockets of of liters who
were asleep in their bunks.
Tne travel over the bay was unusually
heavy yesterday, the bulk of it going to
the country via the Tiburon ferry. The
Kniphis of Tara, 1000 strong, went to
bchuetzen Park, the Dolphins. 2000strons;,
went to Guerneviile and spent the day in
Uohemian Grove, while at least 3000 peo
ple went to El Campo. T..e big crowd
was splendidly handled by the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad Com
pany, and there was not a hitch tlirough
out the day. Tne North Pacific Coast car
ried large numbers to Camp Taylor and
other resorts, wh.le the trains to the top
of Mount Tamalpais couid not carry all
the people anxious to get a view from tne
summit. The Oakland boais were all
crowded during the day, the people seem
ing to enjoy the ride on the bay rather
than a ride through the hot streets.
Never in the history of the grain indus
try has there been as much stagnation i:i
shipping as at present. Tnis morning the
British sn;p Dairymple completed load
ing barley al Balfour's for Iquiqui, and
that means that there is now nut a soli
tary ship on the berth for any part of the
world. True, the German bark C. H.
Watjen has been chartered and is coming
out of Oakland Creek to load for Cape
Town, but it will be a couple of days be
fore she is ready for stnfeninj,', so in that
time not an ounce of grain bound foreign
Will be handled. To show the state of ai
fairs the British ship Crown ot England
-.vas offered a charter at 21s 6d last Jun
uary. In February the offer was increased
to 22s tiu and in March to 2-is uJ. Last
week her owners were glad to accept 20*
6J, and two other shipo have since ac
cepted 17s 6d. At tne present time there
ire 82,678 tons ol disengaged shipping in
port, while at the same time last year
■ there were only 60,938 tons.
The wrecker Whiteiaw has of late been
at work on tho remains of tne steamer
Now York, and yesterciny succeeded in, re
covering a considerable portion of the
wreckage. T. P. A. Whitelaw is now con
fident that he will recover the greater por
tion oi the submerged vessel during the
next few weeks.
The Corinthian Yachfr Club practically
openeJ the beason yesterday. Every boat
in the fleet was out for a cruise and me
small flyers presented a very pretty sighi
as they scudded past tho wharves on their
way ud the bay. Along in the afternoon
the wind got too strong lor sumo of th«
smaller craft and they had to run back to
Tiburon for shelter. The yachts are all in
splendid trim ana there &hould be some
good racing and cruising this season.
Captain Luttrell of me Vine lelia tlie
fol.owiiig atoiy about an old Kcoichraun
who has jived for a number oi years in
Karuoa. They were discussing the loss oi
the German ami American men-of-war
during the hurricane and the escape ot
the British, when tiandy broke in with the
remark that the circumstance was easily
explained. Asked for his reaaona he
pointed out gravely that it was the prayers
of the English sailors that had saved tut
war vesse ;. "But, fiandy," sad Captain
Luttrell, "couldn't the Geinians and
Yankees pray just as well as the Eng
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1597.
but all the powers of earth and hell com
bined could not rob him of his power to
save.
The Characters of
Esau and Jacob.
AT THE Oiivet Congregational Church
yesterday Rev. 11. T. Stiepard took
as his subject Jacob and Esau and
as his text Genesis xxv:2S: "And Isaac
loveil Esnn because he did eat of his vem
so:i, but Rebecca loved Jacob." He s;iid:
J..cob and Es-u lived in an age when
the moral standard was very low in many
ways. To deceive and to cheat one's ene
mies was considereJ righteous, and in
Isaiu-'s life it seems to have been cons.d
ered no very great wrong to lie to
one's father and to defraud one's
one's brother of his legal inheritance. The
trouble in Isaac's family a arted in favor
itism and partiality. Rebecca favored Ja
cob and taught him to deceive and oppress
Esau.
••Isaac favored Esau, but his wife's
shrewdness was too much for him. E3au
was driven off to Edom as an outlaw and
a bandit, and Jacob was promoted to be
leader of his people and crowned with
success and honor. Esau was a hunter,
rough and wild in his tastes, but honest
and self-reliant. JacoD was sly and am
bitious, and very unscrupulous when
judged by modern standards.
"We see one leason for what seems to
have been God's preference lor Jacob in
that he loved civilization and represented
civilizing tendencies in Israel's national
life. He stood for the civilized home,
waile Esau represented the unsettled ex
istence of me hunter. Jacob's life was
pastoral, but fast tending toward agricul
tural and urban settlement and stability.
Between Jacob and Esau the meaner man
triumphed over the nobler one in matters
lish?" The Scotchman looked at the
skipper for a minute In astonishment and
th-.-n burst out: "Hoot awa, mon; how
could the quid God specr what they were
saying?"
To Sandy's mind the answer was con
clusive and ho reiused point blank to con
tinue discussing the matter.
CLOSING W£±i£ AT INGLESIDE.
Til© llacing Season Hapidly Drawing
to a Close.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club offers
racegoers a very enticing card this after
noon at Inpleside. It is tho final week of
the regular racing season at the local
track, and no doubt sport lovera will mus
ter in full force.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, seven-eighths of a mile, three-year
onl maidens.
908 Lucky Star 112! 920 Lo* Cerrlllos...Ho
... Fashion Plate. .llol 902 Hcrimel 110
857 Arg i.'s 117 H'J4 F.anil>eauetie..llO
S3»> UtbbeUlfltbbeU.llol 78i Ihn npo 112
7-- Kosalbra 122 890 James Porteus. lls
808 1 lie l\uni;er....ll», 908 Kuialba 117
b69 Faunyte 117 : 212 >'oraN 110
Srcord race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
910 Jaci Martin... .ll B 896 Kal iloi 11l
837 Svpnpali 11l BS6 kasel 10-i
71S BpryJ,ark lot; 869 Doubtful 1(J8
7t55 Jfc li.rlie.itn. ..114 ti»-J UroverC 11l
Blu rcrhapa 1«8| 810 Duchess 106
Thira race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
906 Two Cheers. ...lll! 904 Mohalaska 11l
'.•'.c. Doyle ill 871 Oilve lug
>.s., Knima I) 1091 SSS s. a S|,riiy 11l
y^b Nio NIC 106 91.S Don Oara. 11
1 ree Will 106. 908 Coaa 10i5
Fourth race, selling, one and one-sixteenth
miles
(554) Cabrlllo 110' 917 Morte Fonse.-110
808 Kussella 86 917 Addle ßuchanUOS
9J7 .San Marco 106 877 i'erseus. 103
805 Minnloll 10l|(87l) MayK «6
Fifth race, selling; three-quarters of a mile.
9»3 Midas. i:9|873 Howard 11l
910 Buttthrol 114 904 l'a:merston....lll
913 RlcarUo 11l 004 Mirllo 10S
916 Major Cook. 911 . Mollie It 109
90S Vna Colorado. 11 til
i-lxth race, two-year olds, fire-elshths of a mile.
«97 Hprrn.oßo 113 Os are 100
9iH tMMlto SohWu.los 881 ÜBcaila 100
874 Approbation... 103 (909) I)oust<-rswivel.loß
912 Siva .1031(915) Key Sftl*zar...l 10
I 91U JyO-t Prietos....lOO 912 Imperioud 103
915 Msmore 108 903 Outlay 113
DO3 Ma.iia 10J
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAI.
First race — Loa Cerrillog, Kufalba,
Kotalbra.
Second race— Perhaps, Doubtful. Easel.
Third race — Mab»la»k«, Olive, Free
Will
Fourth race— Fenem, Cabrlllo, Morte
Home.
l'ifth race — Mldlo, Strathrol, Major
Cook.
Sixth race— Bey Salazar, Outlay, I.!n
more. _____^_________
MET A THIRD DEFEAT.
Australians Go Dawn Before the
San Francisco Ball
Club.
A Long Game With a Close Score
of Twenty-Six to Twenty
Fivs.
For the third time since their arrival in
the City have the visiting Australians met
with defeat.
Yesterday the San Francisco Athletic
Club were the victois in a game in which
home runs and three- baggers were as
plentiful as mosquitoes in a swamp.
The score is as follows:
s. ¥■ Athlktics. a.b. k. Kit. s.b. P.o. a. x.
Sheehau, 1. f 4 3 2 0 2 0 1
■(.•lln-.an, 3 b 6 % 4 O S 1' 8
Glanlul, c. f 5 4 3 0 10 0
Jo:::i-on. s. s 7 3 5 0 2 6 1
Van Nord n, 2 b... t» 4 5 12 5 2
Ford. c. and 1 b 3 2 3 1 10 0 2
PbelSer, r f 6 2 3 0 10 o
I>r«us, Ib. tndc... 4 3 3 2 6 10 j
Hayicoad.p 3 3 110 4 0
Total 43 26 29 -5 27 17 9
A I STBALIAXS. A.B. R. E.H. SB. PO. A. i:.
Over, ss.. *b 5 10 0 13 3
.i-Lon,2 b.. 8.8... 6 3 4 2 5 0 0
Lav* r, 1. f d 2 1 1 1 0 0
Kemp, p., c 6 3 3 0 13 0
McAllister, 3 b 6 3 3 0 4 10
btuckey, c. f 5 4 3 1 0 0 0
Ewers, r. f., p 5 * 4 0 O 3 0
btnlib, 1 b ~. 4 3-11702
McKay, c ;,_•.( 0 6 « 4
Total 48 25 25 6 25*16 9
• ouc out when irianlug run was scored. ■
feCOKK BY INNINGS.
fc. F. .09501362 1—26
iinmlilti 1 9 4 12 3 4 3 1—29
Australians 5 15 0 18 14 U-25
liaaehiis 4 13 116 2 6 1-25
SUiIMABY.
Karncd runs— s. >'. \. (i's 9. Australians 8-
Home runs— Kemn, Giunitii, Johoaon, Dn»us,
bpellmau. Three-buse bils — Stiickey, Ureus.
Two-bas» hils— Spe.iruan (2), Van .Noiden,
Kf-mp, J' linson, btucKey ('.'). bacrllice lilts—Lu
ver (*J), McKav, -tniili. I- true base on errors— s.
y. A. C'« 4, Australian* 2. Fimt buse on called
ballN— .-i. F. A. C.'s a. *ustni!iaD3 4. U;fl on bates
K. F. A. C.'i 4. >:rucK out— Kemp (3), J-.wers, Hit
hv pitcher— McAllister, bmun, Glunlnl. Double
plays— ln({ieion. unassisted. l>as>ed b»l!s— Ford,
WciCay (*). Time of game— 2 nours 30 minutes
■ Umpire— .Donohue. OlUclal scorer— Marten.
Cnlifornia League Gronndi,
The Excelsiors defeated the J. F.
Swartzs by a score of 13 to 3. The match
was for §25.
The Union Iron Works defeated tho
Young Men's Institute by a score ot IS
to 6.
• — ♦ ♦ • =
Mark Honkinn iDttitute of Art.
The upring exhibition is now open dully
lrom 9 a. m. to 5 r. v. and luursday cyealncs
to 10 o'clock. ;■" . •
of truth and justice, but viewed in the
lieht of the future of Israel and the world
civilization triumphed over pastoral and
barbaric tendencies, and we owe our pres
ent progress largely to the choice of Jacob
as his people's leader."
God Immanent
in His Universe.
MIRACLES, and why they were doubt
ed, was the subject of Rev. William
Ruder's sermon la3t night at the
Third Congregational Church.
The speaker explained what a miracle
was by saying that four elements must
enter into it; it must be a wonder and a
wck; it must be the result of poTer and
it must be a sign.
The reason that rationalists doubt the
realuy of the scripture miracles, be said,
was because ot a lundamentai mistake
they make as to the relation of God to the
material world.
He illustrated this by a comparison of
the relations of a clockmaker to the clock.
An uninstructc'd biau misht imagine the
clock was self-ernst^nt and m iker and
mechanism one and inseparable — this was
pantheism. Another man might think of
the clock as having been made by one who
wound it up and then went away and left
it to run by itself— this was deism. An
other might conceive of the clock with a
maker who staid wiih it as its absolute
master, to suspend, hasten or alter its
movements and mechanism at will — this
was theism. The preacier regarded God
as residing in the material universe, as
the eoul of man dwelt* in his body.
The Lord's Second Coming
A Spiritual Truth
THE Rev. J. S. Davis said in his ser
mon on "The Lord's Secoud Coming"
yesterday:
'The second comirg of the Lord is a
vital reality, but bow is it effected? It is
not a physical corning oilt of the sky, bu>.
a spiritual coming to the hearts of men.
It is not external, but internal; not lcca!,
but universal. His kingdom is not of this
world; it is not such as flesh and blood
can inherit. The Lord is the Word, and
he is coming as the interior light of the
SANK AND WAS
SEEN NO MORE
A Merry Pleasure Party
That Brought Sorrow
Home.
Charles Lehmann, a Clerk
in the German Bank,
Drowned.
The Capsizing of a Rowboat Launches
Four M.n Info the Waters of
the Bay.
An accident befell a pleasure party yes
terday afternoon, between 2 and 3 o'clock,
• iff Quarry Cove, Aneel Island. Charles
Lohruann, a>jed 29 years, a clerk in the
German Bank, and residing with his
parents at 3573 Twentieth street, was
drowned.
Lenrnann, his brother Chria, with their
sisters and many others, numbering about
for.y.in all, boarded lao yacht Valoo at
Long Bridge yesterday morning, and after
sailing about the bay, put into Quarry
Cove, Angel Island. Here they ah went
asuore.
While the party wap ashore four youne
men— Ctiarles Lehmann, F. H. Ecben
roth, Charles Haffschmidt and H. C.
Bach — got into a rowboat for the purpose
of visiting one of the yachts at anchor
near by. After making the visit they pro
ceeded to return in their boat to the Valoo.
Three of the party had been seated in the
boat when Lehruann jumped in — or, at
least, tried to, but missed his footing and
struck the hide of th.- boat, which lie
seized, and in aoing so turned it on the
side and she commenced to rill and then
capsized, throwing all hands iato the
water.
W. Yon and Ed Schnntenhaus, who
were on the yacht viaitea, jumped into
the water and caved Bach ana Huff
schmidt, while Eckenroth swam to the
yacht, where he was picked up. Leb
mann never rose to the surface after he
struck tne boar, the impression beinj; that
he was oazed by the fall.
A searching party labored for some
time in the hope of rinding the body, but
it was a vain search.
CONFIRMATION DELAYED.
Colonel W. R. Shatter Will Not
Be Made a Erigadier Until
After May 3
Th<» delay on the part of the United
States Senate in confirming the nomina
tion of Colonel William R. bhafter as
brigadier-general has been a matter of s ir
prise to the officers at tho Presidio post
and to those in the other posts in tne
vicinity. There is no question bu: that
the Senate will confirm the nomination.
There was some opposition to the con
i\*+ C'-m*-»/rl 5 The value of Dr. Sanden's 2
E Ul« OOIIuCSI S Electric Belt is measured 3
El -— . # __ . by the cures it has wrought, 3|
E It l^i r> "S"i^Jl^ R^I"S" not by the extent to which 3 :
g: UVV H^ liClt Dr Sanden is willing to 3
El vilify other people in the same business. The man who has 13 i
El nothing to say for himself, and uses all his wind in trying to 15!
SEi make it appear that everybody else is dishonest, usually comes Z2 '
El to a bad end, as people understand the motive in his wailing,
■5 knowing that if he has an article of merit he will talk about
that and have no time to get jealous of the success of others,
E The people who have used Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt are the
£= best judges of its curative powers, and their names appear -^
8~ daily signed to letters testifying to their cures by it.
c£: —r ji • • g "I was praolic illy on tnv last legs when I got
»- I ACT< rtiAlU C%t your Belt. My power* were all gone nnd I was ■"2 j
£^ I V/ 9 (LiiSßl Vrl llUl a wreck. I pent §300 tor aedicines without =2
»"~ ' geitlng any benefit, 1 improved as soon as I "^2
t£r put the Belt on and am now as strong as ever."— H. KNOVVLTON*, 621Kearny ~*S
g^- htreet, San Francisco. - ~^»
S^: There are hundreds of letters like this in Dr. Sanden's Dook, "Three Classes of
b«— Men, ' which is free. Call or aldrcss —^»
"^ SAMDFN Fl FrTRIP CO 632 Market Street, Opposite . , !2
3f\ViUU\ LLL.V,im^ LU., ,- Palace Hot 1, San Francisco.
f*- i litre Hon s— B a. m. to 8 p.m.; Bunaays, 10 to 1. I/>» Ance!es ! office, 204 South ' —^t
jar- Broadway; I'ort nnd. Or. 293 Wasnlnition street; Denver, Col.. 935 Sl xt«emh street.
■>- >'OTE.— Make no mistake lv th,e number— 632 Market stree . ilaKa note ot it. — *■
Word shining through the clouds or veils
of the letter. He is coming as a new life,
a spiritual force accompanying the higher
truth, overturning traditional systems
and docmas, stirring society to its depths,
transforming science, education and so
cio.ogy, and making all things new. He
is coming 'as a thief in the night,' quiet
and unobserved. He is in the still, small
voice; he is in tue awaKenmc of the soul's
deeper perceptions. He has already come,
and is coming more and more as the heart
and thought of humanity open to receive
him. His coniine will form a new heaven,
anew spiritual state among men; also a
new carth — new natural states, involving
new arts, new sciences, new industries,
new economics, new education and new
civil laws. Ana in the midst of the new
heaven and tho new earth a new Jerusa
lem, which is a new snirit jal philosophy
unfolding from the Word, revealing the
hii^er realities of the universe and the
hidden forces and capacities of the soul,
and giving direction to all our spiritual
and earthly duties."
Better a Slave
Than Unemployed.
COLONIZATION for the unemployed
was the theme of Major VV. W.
Winchell of the Salvation Army last
ni-ht ai the Second Unitarian Church.
H* read as a scripture lesson the sixty
lirst cnaruer of Isaiah, which deals with
the subject of colonization.
In opening his address the speaker im«
presbeJ upon his hearers how urgent was
the need for finding a solution of the
problem of the unemployed. He inti
mated that if the evil were' not remedied
hy some rational plan devised by society
the misery from it would continue to
increase till violence, bloodshed and at
tempted revolution resulted.
To remove the unemployed to the
country and set tnem to making their liv
ing from the soil he was satisfied would
prove an adequate remedy. Ho expected
the Salvation Army wouid soon have a
colony establistied near San Francisco.
By the time the Christian EnJeavorers
meet here the colony wili be an accom
plished fact. As soon as the sch me is
proved successlul in a small way in Cali
iornia the army will establish an immense
colony in New Mexico, where families by
the hundred thousand can find homes.
firmation on account of the stand taken
by the colonel during ihe great strike, but
the Military Committee, after considering
the matter, decided to sustain the position
taken by him during the trouble, and re
ported favorably. The 3d of May was
fixed as the time when the matter of con
nrmation will be called up.
Tiie military tournament at the Presidio
during the past week, despite the efforts
of some newspapers to belittle the affair
by ridiculing it, was a great success, and it
had the support of the citizens, lor if It had
not had they would not have gone day after
day by thousands to watch the many events
that were offered during the lour days.
It has beeti the means of establisuinua spirit
of commendable rivalry between the men of
theseveral posts in tiie department as to pro
ficiency In doing the work required in the
discharge of military duties. 'With the excep
tion of one or two of the m.litary events, they
were all of n practical nature and served a pur
pose—that of accelerating the movements of
the men in the performance ol duties, 1n
which time, in case ol war, would prove of
the utmost value. The men entered iuto the
spirit of the affair with all the enthusiasm
that could be expected, and each sei-med
j anxious to excel. In their work they had the
stipporr, the assistance and encouragement of
i their superiors.
On Saturday the men from the Benicia bar
racks- were invited by the men of Alcatraz to
spend a (cw hours with them, and there pats
me time that they should remain on the
island, discussing the events of the previous
few days. Permission to vlyij was granted,
and thesoHier boys bad a very merry time.
They were taken back to the barracks by the
vcminent tug.
Tho San Diego contingent was granted an
I extension o; time for a week, and at the end
of tiir.t time they will return by rail to their
] barracks.
There has been considerable talk about pos
sible changes of stations ol regiments, but H is
asserted that there will not b-j any, for the
present at least, and that General Alger, sec
retary of War, is not in favor oi any chuuge.
So much of the general orders directing
! LieutenHnt-Colonel Young to proceed to Walla
Walla and accompany the two troops of his
regiment from that post to Fort Yellowstone
has been amended so as to direct him to pro
ceed to Fort Yellowstone from the Presidio in
time to reach there about May 15, and to di-
I rect troops D a. id H. Fourth Cavalry, to march
to Fort Yellowstone under the command of
Captain James B. Irwin. troop H, or the senior
I officer present with them. -v
Second Lieutenant Tii&les L. Ames, Battery
A, Third Artillery, adjutant, recruiting officer
and sieaal officer, stationed at Alcatrez, has
. been detailed for duty at the Military Academy
I fiom the 20th of next August. He will report
I to the superintendent of the academy In due
i season.
The following transfers in the First Infantry
i have been announced in orders: Captain Leo
-1 pold O. Parker from B at Benicia Barracks to
' H at San Diego Barracks; Captain Marion P.
Mau« from H to B.
P. Q. M. Sergeant Horace E. Myrick has been
ordered from San Carlos to the I'resldio to re- j
lieve P. Q- M. Homer W. Newiaau, who will
proceed to San Car.os.
Much has been said that men in the ranks
i do not rise bovond non-commissioned officers.
Tne following assignments recently made is
proof that men do rise from tha ranks, and that
; they can do so without going to West Point:
Seconi Lieutenant Preston Brown, appointed to
rank from March 15. from corporul, A. Fifth Artil- i
lery, to the Second Infantry, Company F, Fort
Keogb.
>econd Lieutenant William D. Conrart, ap
po'.ntudto rnnii from March 2, from corporal, I,
fifth Cavalry, to the Fourteenth infantry, Com
i pany G, Vancouver Barracks.
Second euiemint Louis 11. Gross, appointed to
ranU from March 2, from corporal, G, Fifth infan
l try. to the Sixth Infantry, Company I, Fort
U'Lounuß.
becoud Lieutenant Thomas FrnnkliD, appointed
to rank from March 8, from sergeant, A. Eii?h
teeult) Infantry, to the Tweuty-thlrd Infantry,
Company I-, Fort Clar<v.
Second Lieutenant Georce 11. Siecl, appointed to
rank from Hmrota 'i, from corporal, V, Fifth In
tantry, to the .Nineteeuih Infantry, Company D,
Fort Wayne.
Tho following amended order in relation to
the ceremonies on Memorial day has been is
sued irom headqunrteis:
With tne rpproval of tho Secreiary of War, th©
I followinu Is published to army for the infor
mation and guidance of all concerned:
Ou Memorial l!*»i May 30. Nt nil army posts
i nnd stutlo:ib tbo National flag w!tl be displayed at
I half slalT from sunrise till midday, and imme
| diately before noon the band, or field music, will
plaj- a dirge. "Departed Days," or some appropri
ate air At the conclusion of this nietnoiial
tnbuio, at noon, the n»K will be hoisted to the top
of tha staff and will remain there until sunset.
Wuen hoisted to the top of the s;aff tne tlagwlil
bo saluted by playing oue or p»i>Te of the National
i
AN OPEN LETTER
To MOTHERS.
WS ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD "CASTORIA," AND
"FITCHEB'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now -jp -on every
bear the facsimile signature of &ia//%7'^Uc&AC wrapper.
This is the original PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years.. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, \^ v/r 1 -on the
and has the signature of t^oj*^ /<euc&/X wrap-
per* No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President .
March 8 f 1897. qJL~^/. <^*4*«*%< ,p.
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
♦(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Ton.
TM« CCNTAUN COH^AFIY* TT MURRAY STREET. MEW YORK OIT».
airs. In this way flttlngtestln-.onialsof respect for
the hero.c dead and honor to their patriotic devo
tion will be appropriately rendered.
By command of Major-^kneral Mit.ss.
GtoitGK D. Ki-r,i,LKs. Adjuianl-GeneraL
BAPTIZED AT THE BEACH.
Eleven Converts Immersed as a Result
of the Varley Meetings.
The revival meetings which have been
conducted for the past month at Metro
politan Hall under the direction of Henrvr
Varley were terminated last evening. The
peelings bave been most successful, both
in point of attendance and in results ob
tained.
As a result of the meetings eleven per
son* were baptized in the bay between
Taylor and Jones streets Saturday after
noon. Charles \fontgomery, proprietor
of tne BrooKiyn Hotel and local preacher,
officiated, assisted by H. A. Ironsides,
evangelist. Next Sunday afternoon there
will be several more converts immersed
at the same place.
Agent Hamlin Arrives.
CHarles 8. Uamlin, advisory agent of the
State Department, who was Assistant Secre
tary oi tlie Treasury under Cleveland, arrived
at the Palace last night. He Is on his way to
the Bering Sea to study the fur-seal question.
Mr. Hamlin was closeted with President Starr
Jordan of Stanford for two hours lasi night.
NEW TO-PAY. '
40 to 1
If the average so-called two-
ounce bottle of lemon extract
is worth 10 cents, Schilling's i
Best (which contains 40 times
as much flavor — finer flavor
too) is worth $4.
But Schilling's Best lemon
is only 25 cents.
Your grocer acknowledges
this; but he says, "My custom-
ers won't pay the difference ;
they'd rather have stuff one-
tenth as good at half the price;
and, to be frank with you, I can
make, more money on these
cheaper extracts than I can on
Schilling's Best.**
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 607
1896 TAXES!--1896
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
X Estate Taxes will be delinquent
APRIL 26th, at 6 P. M.,
Afterwhich 5 p«r rent will be added.
The cttice will be open from 7 to 9 p. icon
April 24th.
.-amrdjiy, April 17, positively last day for re-
ceiving checks.
James & block, Tas Collector.
t?»n Franc aco, April 13. 1897.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tl 7I"C AT Properly prepared and
VI IT. /\ I . promptly serred, can
ITII * IJ-/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T""> AT A•*l *
Most Popular HA I Al H
Dining Apart- * JLXJLjJL \\*iUd
ment in town. ■wnnrßiuwmiw l , ■
o-000-o-000-00000
MXW IQ.DAT- AMPSEMEIgTS.
THE CHUTES.
CHARLKS CAVUL,
The Chadopion swimmer, will give exhibitions
in the (.note Lake
EVERT AFTi:K>"OO>' AND EVENIXO.
AI*.YII*SION, lOc. CHILDRUa, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. n. UNTIL n P. n.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Baibing. inclutliug Admisstoa: Adult*. Sftc; Chll.
(lieu, 'JUc
General Admiiilou, iuo: Ciiildrou.
SUTRO BATHS.
KE3IEMBKK, THK 3IONSXEB
-2&jE*mDA.TT FESTIVAL-
JfITW TO-DAT-ABUBEMESTS.
T^iCDLAIVILfi.(jOTTU)D« c?- miUA.TflMAftwtß*---
-"COME LAUGH WITH US."
To->'lght and During the "Week,
e SS!& I WARD & YOKES
AIDED and ABETTSD BY
3O FARCICAL AUTHORITIES
In the Satirical Crazs,
"A RUN ON
THE BANK."
PRETTY FCXNT ' THE
WOMEN. HKN BIG
CATCHY JOLLY I'UN
MUSIC. .ii.iv. -. SHOW.
.... . .....
Columbia's regular prices— 2sc, 60c, 75c, $1. ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.tLA.YiL^ii ditJu. dnrornoraloU) *'r Jh--j.->.»
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
NEW SONGS AND DANCES!
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK
Every Night in Addition to the Regular
Performance.
40 Couple Will Compete for the Prizes,
Next Monday— :
DE WOLF HOPPER IN " EL CAPITAN."
TiyOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MKS.KB2.jcttTU>-s JißKi,ix». Proprietor <k iUaaja;
TO-NIGHT
THE LONDON SUCCESS
THE KOiIAKTIO COMIC OPERA,
"SH AMUS O; BRI EN^
MR. D^NIS O'SULLIVAN,
The Eminent Barytone, the creator of the title role.
SUPERB CAST.— -i-' ? i
Correct Costumes Appropriate Accessories.
New Scenery from the Original Models.
Popular Prices 25c and sO<j
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Wai.TKK ilOKOsco. ..Sola Lessee and Maa.»;i."
Second and Last Week of the Successful Eastern
ActretiS,-
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD!
In Her Original Characterization of EDITH LYN-
DON In Arnold Wolfortl's Beantifnl Scenic
Komantic Melodrama,
"THE SMUGGLERS!'
A Play of the Sea Filled with Trne Senti-
ment and Thrilling Interest.
——Wonderful Jbire on the Ocean !
i Evenlnsr Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
v. itiint-«N isaturUuy ami >untti»y.
SIX NEW VAIDEVILLE STABS !
TACIANU, Pbenom-nal Male Soprano: SAGER
and FANNY MIDHLKY, Juvenile Charac:er
Deli: eators: ED LATKLI.Ii, Comedy .Musical
. Artist, and THE AKDK ttsO.N'*, Colored Slnpinir
<-'aKt* Walkers. Tremendous success of SIG. AL-
BKKTI and MMX. ÜBI.ANDI; MAHZELO and
MILLAY, in scenes from *'Carmen" in costume;
HEKK CiKAXS and his '1 rick Baboon and Bon-
key: the MERRILtKSHISTEKa andHAKHIS
! and WALTERS. •
ALCAZAR I T ° Nia:H: ' ri
BeUscoAl>atalll>.-.Mys. TO-I'TIQH.'P !
IiKANJU bUENJO 1-KODCCTION of bTEELE
JIACKAYfc'S DIUMA,
—•'A NOBLE KOGUE!"—
Don't Fail to Fee the Kea'lstic Bridge Scene.
GEO. ObBOURNK as.. JACK ADAMS
(His original character.) r: ,'■■ w
Huso To'and and Entire Alcazar Co. in the Cast.
• Our Kegular Prices. Telephone ior Seats,
I Blacli 991. j
! PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INCLESIDE TRACK).
j Tbsoaly I'fcnuc* Winter Baceu»«» in Amertcn.
BiCHG R4CISG
Katin- From 3lonti»y, April 19, to Sat-
urday, ay 1, luclusivo.
Five or More. Races Daily, Kain or Shine.
FIKST KACE AT 3 P. M.
Take f-outhern Pacific . iraia* ai l&Irl ' aal
Ton-nsend sin. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:21) p. a.
l'aro for Round Trip, , includlujc Ai>
n:i»Bion to Grounds. »1.00.
'iuuo Misslon-sc elcctnc line oireot '.racz. I
The Ccrrißßn Stakes ilonday, April 10.
1 ne Spreck«is Cup Saturday, April 'J4.
TM U»l»rernta Hurdle Wednesday, April 28.
The lngleside Stakes. 4 miles, Saturday. Mar i.
. s. N. ANDKOUb, Vrwiaeau ,
i. H. GKEEN, becretary.
56
Interest Ran High Yesterday at the Ing'eside Coursing Park.
SHOT FOR MEDALS
AND CASH PRISES
Lively Competition Among
the Members of the
Germania.
The Columbia's Marksmen Do
Good Work With Their
Muskets.
San Francisco Schuetzen Club's Con
test for Society Medals— Mi i
tar? Shots.
There was a fairly large gathering of
riflemen on the Shell Mound rifle range
yesterday. The weather was so tine that
the wonder was that there were not
more. The German sharpshooters were
in the majority, for it was an off Sunday
witti the military marksmen. However,
those who did attei d the several events
had a thoroughly good time and some
iine shooting was done.
With the Germania Schuetzen Club
there were two events, the regular bull
eye shoot ana the bullseye contest for
cash prizes on the public tared-, the
prizes to be distributed at the end of the
year to those making the best centers. In
the club contest the prize-winners in their
order of winning and their scores as
shown by the measuring machine were as
follows:
1. L. N". Ritzau, 200 points; 2, Nick Ahrens,
225; 3, George H. Bahr;-, 430; 4. H. Huber,
486; 5, F. P. .-chusier. 515; 6, C. Xobmmn,
585; 7, John UtscuiK, o"94; 8, C. F. Rust, 841;
9, H. Hellberg, 107«.
Highest scores on public tareet— C. Thier
baoh 502 points, L. Haake 517. H. Hellberg
679, D. B. Fnktor «!38. F. P. Schuster 842, a.
Jungblut 1181, J. Uuehig 1300.
The San Francisco Hchuetzen Verein
also held a bullseye shoot for twenty cash
prizes. The winners in their order with
their points were as follows:
1. H. Huber, 184 points; 2, A. Bertesen,
310; 3, D. B. Fakior, 317; 4, F. Koch, 349- 5
H. Huppert, 380; G, W. C. Morten, 580- 7
George H. Bahra, 632; K. John Uiscnig, 651;
9. Charles T;iieroucn. 6tJ4; 10, George A ltkth
t>7B; 11. L. N. Ri'ziu. 7u3; 12, H. Zecher. 84.V
13. L, Haake, 1138; 14. A. 1219:
15. H. Hellberg, 1223; 16. D. Dunker, 122' i'
17, C. F. Rust. 1344; 18, Nick Ahrens 134M
-19, R. Stettin, 1430; 20, F. P. Schuster, 1532.
The regular bimonthly shoot of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club was not
as largely attended as u-ual, but what was
lacking in numbers was more ihan made
up in interest ana eood scores. All of the
events were re-entry matches, and one in
particular, the GUndeniann military
match, was the center of much attention.
Many excellent scores were made in this
race. Two comparatively new musket
•hooters, P. H. Bushnelf and J. E. Gor
man, are forging to tiie tront in the use
of the military arm. In two shoots Bush
nell has made two flags for inch centers,
F. 0. Young one and £d Hovey four. On
the fifty-yard pistol range Gorman almost
broke t,e ten-shot pistol record in the
diamond medal mutch. As it was he tied
Daiss' remarkable score of .33, Columbia
target count. There was an o<d familiar
face on the range yesterday. Peter Rob
inson, one of the first members oi the
Club and a fine all-round rifle shot, re
turned from Wasmngton witn hi> wife
after an absence of three years. Robin
son's hand has lost much of its skill, as
he Las been using the shotgun consider
ably on wild gam?, but he was neartily
welcomed. Yesterday's scores, Columbia
target, were as follows:
Rifle. 200 yards, F. H. Bushnell rifle medal
and cash prizes, three-shot scores— O.A. Breiner
11; G. Schuitz, 41.
William Gliudeman military medal and cash
■prizes, ten shots, creedinoor count— F O
Yonne, 48, 45; E. Borer, 48,40; F. H. Baati
nell, 47, 40'; J. E. Gorman. 47, 40.
Cash prizn on flags, itaen comers, made dur
ing the month— A. M. Pape, 3; g. Schuuz £•
O. A. Brenier, 1; Ed Hovey, 4; g. O. You:ik 1*
R H. Bushnell, 2. *«"•««, 1.
Pistol. 50 yards, Gordon Biandine pistol
medal and cash prizes, three-shoi scores— F 0
Young, 9, 9,;i0, 11.12; F. H.;Busbnell, 13 Hi
17; A. B. Dorrell, 14. 16.
Diamond pistoi record medal and cash
prizes ten-shot scores— J. E. Gorman 33 40*
F. O. Young, 49,53. * '
Howard Carr, any revolver, medal and CRBh
prizf;«, six-shot scores— A. li. Dorrell 30. 33
3b. 3/ .
Archille Roof, 22 rifle, medal, ladies'
trophies and cash prizes, live-shot scores A B
Dorrell 10, 12, 12. 13, K<l Hovey 10 12 lV
Mrs. C. K. Waltnam 14, Mrs. O. M. Peck 17'
Mrs. L. J. Crane 19, Mrs. M. J. While 21.
Cash prizes on flags, inch centers, nmdedur
r g the month— J. E. Gorman 4, F. O. Young 3,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO^RAIIIJPROVIS^
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
CIMTXA I. OFFICE
•28 Market BU, Palace HoteL PuMy A Atklasoa
Manacers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjolnlnt GrJl
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON A CLAPP. Manaeers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
. tatloaa, U«f«rence lit .Natloual Bank. h. f
OUCA9U rUVAUC Witt*. Ktf w 1 *gM6
E. Jacobsen 5, Ed llovev 5, J. H. Dow 4, Miss
Wilson 3, A. B. Dorrell 10, Mrs. C. F. Waltham
j 3, Mrs. L. J. Crane 3, Mr-, O. M. Feck 1.
The re niar monthly medal shoot of tlie
Norddeutscher Schuetzea Club re-ulted
' in the foliowinc winners and their scores,
twenty shots, German ring tareet.
Championship class, F. P. Schuster, 431
rines; first class, J. Peter;-, 400: second cls>.s,
.1. Thode, 379; third class, G. S.tnilz, 355;
foi>r[h class, K. F. Meyer, 267; best first shot,
J. Thode, 25; best last shot, F. P. Schuster, 24.
The only military company out was
Company M, which held its regular
monihiy medal shoot, ten-shot scores,
Blunt target. Troop Aof the cavalry also
held its medal shoot, the members using
the army carbine?. Scores are annexed:
Company M— Xutter 14, Splth 7, T. O'Nolll
4, Corporal E. C Strotn 34, Capiain T. F.
O'Nell 33, Sergeant Sonnta? 23, Sergeant
Casey 38, La?e 25. Taylor 22, Spillmau 28,
CorporHl MuhT 30, Sergeant Wall 13, M.
Lyons 31, Arherth 24. Corporal W. Maher 3i>,
Sergeant Cobby 40, Jingle 39, Volkman 36,
Boscus 25. Reay 36.
Troop A— Fitzgerald 33, Sandbock 32, Mc-
Dermott 32, Carr 32, Hahn 30, Osborne 23,
Thorpe 23, Hilton 19, Sparr 14. Desmond 16,
Hobiusou 14, Ennis 13, Graff 12, Cross 6.
RELIANCE GUN CLUB.
Trombone Claims to Have Beaten
the Season's Record.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 25.— The Re
liance Gun Club of Oakland held its free
for-all shoot to-day, American Shooting
! Association rules governing and all ties
I dividing. There were lour programme
events and the scores are as follows:
First— Ten bird", 20 cents for birds, pool 30
! cents, entrance 50 cents, divided 50, 30 an«l
I 20 per cent — Mitcheil 9, Webb 9, Xaumau 8,
| Trombone 10, Beckart 8, Fe.idner 9, Kiever
sahl 3, Young 7, Lake 4, Overman 5, Sands 8.
Dusing 8.
i Second— Twenty birds, 40 cents for birds,
' Dool 00 cents, entrance $1, divided 40,30,20
| and 10 per cent — Lake 11. WebD 17, Naunmu
I 18, TromDone 19, Sands 17, In^alls 12. Young
! 11, Eckert 16, Feudner 12, Tubbs 16, Overman
j 7, Diving 13.
Toird— Twenty birns, 60 cents for birds;
I poo! 40 cents, entrance $1, divided 35, 30, 20
and 15 per cent; $20 added money, to be di
j vided eijuaUy between four elasces— Lake It;,
! Webb 17. Xauman 14, Trombone 18, Sands
14, Fendner 15, Foster 14, Kleversahl is,
j Beckart 14, Xyalls 13, Young 18. Dusing 14,
j Mitchell 14, Kleinbrock 7, Olsen 17, Tul»bs 19,
j Thomas 7, Sands 15, Lewis 7, "Golden Gate
Mascot" 15.
Fourth — Twenty birds, 40 cents for birds;
pool 30 and 35 cents, entrance 75 cents; di
| vided 50, 30 and 20 per cent— Younz 16, O.son
j 16, Beckart 14. Trombone 17, Du.siug 16,
j Thomas 10, Tubbs 12. Remington 6, Mitchell
13. Sands 15. Webb 19. Lake 17, Fendner 16,
| Kleversahl 13, Sherman 6, Sands 15.
"Trombone" figured up his '"dead birds"
this season at the Reliance shoots, to find
that he had scored 120 out of 130, and 04
> out of 70 in the regular events, which is
I said to be the best shooting done this year
on the coast.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M Dinlcelspiel, Suisun W E Dargle, Oakland
E Dinkeispiel, Suisun J H WillarJ <fe w, Cal
X steinman, >ac!u H L Huston, Stanford
F W Ju.ison, sacto Dr J A Moorp. Mont
J H w i.kina. Sn Rafael C \V Whitmarsh & ty, O
F A Palmer, -Newcastle A C Bridger it w. Wis
C X Hollister, < ourtlnd Mi»s Brid^er, Wi-t
Ell l.olze surto Mrs W Wilkim, W)s
J 11 Leonard. Ple«santn J Ji Catnpboli. cal
D Hensou, P.ea.samou \V M Wills A w. Win
G H >am rson, -tanfurd H A Jai:ro. Bakersiield
W 1' Math.-ws, Sacto Mrs C A Siviiz-r, Westnrt
I J W Gasklll <fe w, i^acto MisKh.Csu-lizer,MillsC«ll
X Bernard. San J se Q linn & \v, Vallejo
H X Kot*-rts, stiinfurd 1' U Hali, «acto
A H tonlisii, Stanford B * Kecior Jr, sta Rosa.
U Lull Jr, Stanford II L. Johnsto'i Napa
P E Bowler, Oakla::d L W -hint., Carson
L Morton, Oakla. d JH McDonald, Me
A Tjrßs, i-tuniord D McDonald, Oakland
J W lial;ey, Stanford L C W tiisor. Sau Jose
, O C Frost, Stanlord M O'Neill <fe w, -an Jose
P M Ayers, xanford W H Robinson, Lompoc
(i U ' G.irrett, Munford (." Kricksuu, Oukda.e
j (i B Plato, Mortesio A L JN'lchois, Chico
W f Junnston, Ky W 11 liilton, <ilen Ellen
c A .McFariand, Fresno H W Ilerrick.L,owr litke
Lieut E P Tomplciusun a Akens, Lower Lake
it w, biauta Monica I>rAEOaborne<tw, i-.idrge
V C White, Los ADg C H (ialeisna, Carson
A J <iruhMtn, 1.0.i Ang W W Greer, Sacto
J H Carolb' rs.KtHelena \v Vuiiciiuey, «acto
LL ' namberialn, (Jal JDf nny, aucto
J W Guthiie, K..C10 J c Baunister, Los Ang
U G or-ut. .Stockton
palace hotel.
II M Oskison. Stantora P X Smith, Stanford
A Mor?a ■, Nan Diesro i irwin Jr, U s N
1* Johnson. . tauford P H Uurmister. Manford
J W i.rexory Jr, sianfrd U H Jordan, Stanford
j B spraKue, Staufora J a Mulr, Los Angeles
X .n Frrsuniari, B) V 1> V Vi.ornie.a, Caraden
J D Voordies. Camden Mr* P VVoorhies.Camdn
, Mrs H D Taylor, Buffalo Miss Taylor, Buffalo
: B A Buckley, N V R W Piaylair, Bombay
F X W asbburu, ji V J h i ol«?, Pomona
I .1 B Peaces, i 'al H Gray, Cairo
J F Davis, Jacxson Mrs II* U ray, Cairo
Mrs J F Davis, Jackson A w Howard, Chicago
X f Pace Jr. l/a un F W Deacon. Racine
X W J>-nn:ngs.Pillßhurg Mrs F W Dear on. Racine
Mrs R W Jennings, Pa Mrs X TKoot <t 3c. Denvr
BALDWIN llOTi-L.
A J Steinman, Seattle F G Van Densen. Cbigo
H A Roicnb-rc. Su sun C L Richards, Stanford
H Murphy, Oakland A W Draper, Panama
i P Crornosi, Oakland D L Carpenter, Oakland
I M Kills, do J Joseph, bacio
' II M.'.rk.--. Stockton L A >o sun. Mass
ilKs A A Cliiey.s Diego Mrs Fergusou, Eureka
R J Radcn, Vallejo Miss Ferguson, do
1 J mii in,. Petal uma W F Kouldoux&w, t>Clar
I C hoss, Vallejo F Mll:er, Los Anteie*
J I'Morrissey. N V F II Collln*. N V
H Uuliard, Tulurc Miss Connel.y. Oakland
B Joues, ."inina Rosa F A Moore, Etauita Rosa-"
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
Geo Straetli <t w, C hie M A Roller & w, Oakland
Henry Cook, Couruand L Anams. -.•■..! Jose
R D Chllds. CliKago Wm Hollingsworih, Cal
M D Biauren, USA H X Casey, Boston
T Birch, Stockton J i.cc,.-.. Cat
J Wardell. Denver W >udden & w. N V
E E Ransome, Cal A R Folsom, Cal
T 8 Henderson, Cal
AfUQt Suit* Uurned.
A fire broke out yesterday forenoon in the
rear closet of the clothing-store of li. Cohen, at
513 MoDtgomery street. The damage done to
Ibe stock ul misfit clothing, between water.
tire Mid smoke, amounted to between $500
and $600. The atnou;it was fully covered by
insurance. _y "'^■ : '---
• — ♦ — •
According to the latest report of the
Bel) Telephone Company there are now
804,687. telephones in the hands of its
licensees. ;.:.,' *
TO CUKE A COLU IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative BromoQuinlnn Tablets. All drug
(uu reluiid tae money Ji it tails ut cure, £>c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
WAS A BAD DAY
FOR THE TALENT
Wise Ones Were Losers
at the Ingleside Cours
ing Park.
The "Outsiders" Had a Chance
and Came H:me With
Bulging Pcckets.
It Was the Inaugural of th? Selling-
Stake S-hera? and Was a
Huge Success-
As an experiment a selling race, much
after the fashion of those given in the
horse-race traces, was tried at the lngle
side coursing park yesterday, and it
proved to be not only a success, but in
addition gave the dog-men a good line on
a brand new branch of sport.
selling stako was, naturally, the
event of the day, and a heavy betting
affair it wa*. too, for the reason that
some of tne very best dogs known on the
coast, together with a number of cele
brated Eastern cracks, were entered for
prizes.
It turned out to be rather a bad day for
the "talent." The races themselves, with
a few exceptions, were not above the or
dinary, but this did not interfere with the
speculative fraernity in the least. They
bet on everything, and invariably the
knowing ones lost, much to the joy of the
so-called "outsiders."
What was probably tho most important
race of the day, from a betting stand
point, was the comet between Hazel
Glen and Cleverness. In spite of the fact
that Hazel has been winning some good
races of late and in exceptionally clever
style, the talent stacked up its money on
the other doe yesterday and nave good
odds, so as to coax on the Hazel support
ers. Hazel won ea«ily, and many n man
of gambling iustincts had to walk home.
This triumph wa.-s made all the more con
■picuous by reason of the fact that Clever
ness was a high-priced dog in the handi
capping.
Another heavy betting event was the
race between Swinnerton and Ben Hur,
both of which are considered excellent
dogs.
The "Jorm" players had Ben Hur
staked out aa a sure thing and Dlayed i
heavily on him. But Swinnerton caused
more than one case of heart failure by his
performance in leading to the hare arid by
his clever capture. But, then, that was
only another of the instances wherein the
wise ones guessed poorly.
Here are the results ot the day's racing:
Bartels &. Rohseter's Brandon R.-lls beat P.
A. McDonald's Deceiver; Bariels A Rosseter's
Ben ilur beat Doml:iiCK Snannon's Bwiuner
ton; tirace &. Dean's iiazel G.en be,a P. C.
Curtis' Clev-rues-.; W. C. Palo u's Bill Nye beat
Bariels <t Rosseter's Aiiciu; Grace «fc Dean's
Said Pasha beat J. A. Haltou's Will o' Wisp;
Dominuk Shannon's Sarcastic beat E. B. Sulli
van's Salvator; Dillon <fc Reilly's Right Bower
beat M. J. Donovan's Munoga; Bartel & Bar
rows' Biackstone beat Bartel & Rosseter's
Alameda.
First ties— Brandon Bells beat Hazel Glenn,
Bill N ye beat Ben Hur, Sarcastic beat Said
Pasha, Rifjhl Boiver b^-at Blaclcsioue.
Second lies— Hill Nye beat Brandon Bells,
Sarcastic beat Klgnt Bower.
Final— Sarcastic beai Bill Nye.
Consolation stake— Biacksione beat Santa
Alicia, Ben Hur btat Cleverness, Deceiver bsat
Alrmeda, Hnze! G erm beat Mimosa, Will o'
Wisp beat swinnerton, Said l'auha beat calva
tor.
First ties— Blackstone beat Ben Hur, De
ceiver beat Hazel filenn, Said Pasha beat
Will o 1 Wisp.
Second ties— Blackstone beat Deceiver, Said
Pasha a bye.
Final— Said Pnsha beat Blackstone.
EMPIRE CLUB SHOOT.
The Medal Contest Was the Attrac
tion of the Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 25.— The club
shoot for a diamond and three gold
medals was the attraction st trie grounds
of tne Empire Gun Club.
In the 25-bird event, shot on the new
! "magautrap." Andrus woii with a score of 22,
1 Sears second with 21, Bellington third wun
20 and I'alnier fourth with l!>. Other scores:
Btakwitz 18, King 1<), Little 14, Jouette 8
Fisher 18, Kurrison 16, Lehrke 10. Kicklessou
19."Mike" 20, O'Rear 9, Telierson 15, Krause 9.
In the afternoon in the free-for-all shoot at
30 birds for $125, divide! Into five classes,
the score were: Kerrison 24, Little 8, Foster
21. Kleversahl 13. Ricklefson 23, Fisher 16
Andrus 20. King 20, Lrhrke 17, Remington
16, Fendner 19, Webb 25, Palmer 11, Kerri
hi.n 15.
Webb won to-day the season's match at fif
teen birds lor a silver cup, to become the prop
i erty of whoever wins ii the greatest number of
; times. Scons: X :ig 11. La;:e 6. FendLer 10
l'roctor 7, Andrus 6, I'-ilmer 5.
AMUSEMENTS FOR ALL.
The Attractions Thut Are on the Pro
grammes of the Theaters for
This Evening:.
Primrose and West's big minstrel show com
mences ihe second and last week of its engage
ment at the Baldwin Theater to-night New
eongs, dances and Jokes will be introduced.
One feature will be the genuine cake walk by
forty couples. De Wolf Hopper comes on next
with -El capitan."
At the Columbia -Miss Georgia Cayvan will
be succeeded by Ward and Yokes, the come
dians, with a support of thirty artists in the
comedy line. They will open with "A Run
on the Bank," which, the management an
nounces, "will furnish joy and giadnc<B for
150 minutes."
Another of Arr.old Wolford's plays, "The
Smugglers," will be preseuted at the Morosco
Grand Opera-house this evening, with Mamie
Sheridnn \\\ Iford in lier original interpre
taUonof the character of E«lith Lyndon, the
heroine of the melodrama. It is an interest
ing play of the sea.
The management of the Alcazar Theater will
this evening offer "A Noble Rogue," the pro
duction of Sieele Mackaye, and produce it
with realistic seene^ of Chicago, inciuuing tie
swinging open of < iark-street bridge. George
Osbourne will appear as jack Adams, hi»
original character.
To-night Denis O'Suliivan, the California
barytone, will appeir at the Tlvoli Opera
house in the opera of "Shamus O'Brien," ar
ranged from Josepii fcheriian Le Fmiiu's
poem. This will be Mr. O'SSullivan's debut in
op"ra in this City. He has met with great suc
cess in England and the Hast.
The management of the Orpheum Music
hall announces six vaudeville stars for this
evening, in addit on to other attractions. Of
tbe number there are Alexander Tacianu, the
phenomenal male soprano, Ed Latelle, musi
cal comedy artiu, and the Midgleys.
Of the many attractions that are on at the
Chutes, one of iho most interesting is the
auiniatoseope, which throws upon the screen
ft number ol the most lifeliKe pictures it is
possible to produce. The other attractions at
this place of amusement are numerous.
OHBISTIAN ENDEAVOR EALLY.
West Side Christian Church the Scene
of an Enthusiastic fathering.
The West Side Christian Church was
the scene of a Christian Endeavor rally
last evening, and the little building was
crowded to the <ioors with a most en
thusiastic audience. Shors speeches were
made by the pastor, Key. Dr. Gardner.
Mr. Perkins, chairman of the decorating '
committee, and S. vVebster, vice-president
of the 1897 committee.
Mr. Weuster in i>is address said the tele
gram which aj.pe.ired in one of the morn- j
ing papers meant r.otlnng. There «r^s i
absolutely no doubt about tlie convention
coruint» be re. Both speeches alluded lo '
the good which would certainly result
from the convention, and spoke in the
warmest terms of the earnest work that is
being done by the California Endeavorers.
All young people's societies will be pro
vided with badgt-s.which will entitle them
to all of the privileges enjoyed by the
Christian Endeavorers.
It is oaid that more than 90 per cent of
railway passengers in England travel
third-ciass. Tbey contribute about 83 per
cpnt of the receipts.
Kxplanatton.
j The arrow file, with the wind. The top flgumO
! at station indicate maximum temperature for the
I days: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
I rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths' '
I during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid]
lines, conuact pom s of equal air pressure; mo
I therms, or dolled lines, equal temperature. '1 09
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
' Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
i refers to low pressure. «nd Is usually preceded
| and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Low." usually first appear on the Washington
I coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
I and low along the coast, and iho Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
; but when the "low 1. inclosed with isobars of
: marled curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
i able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
I the pressure falling to the California coast, wanner
I weather may be expected in summer and colder
j weather In winter. The reverse of these condition,
> will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or AOBICri/-
TfRK, Weather Bureau, SAW Francisco,
April 25, 1897. 5 p. M.— The following are the rain
falls for the past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to dale, as compared with those of the same date
ast season: >
F.ureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 48.10,
j last season 44.47: Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
tn:s season 24.08. last season 19.99; ban Fran
| cisco, past 24 nours .00, this season 22.01, last
I senson 20.1*1: Fresno, past 24 hours. oo. this sea
! son 10.53, last season 8.0.<: san Luis Obispo, past
| 24 1 ours 00. this season 10 71, last, season 17.40;
I 1 os Angeles past 24 hours .02, this season 16.76,
I last f,.«.son 9.01: San Diego, past 24 hours. oo,
this season 11 63, last season 5.86: Yuma, past
24 hours .00, this season 5.35. last season .88.
San Francisco a: a : Maximum temperature
j 70, ii. minium 65, mean 62.
| The pressure is h ghest this evenlnp In southern
i Idaho and Utah, and is lowest In the Interior of
' CaTfornfa and Oregon. Fair weather prevails
' thn.i limit the region west of the Bocky .Moun-
I tains, except along the Southern California coast,
wher- It is partly clottdv. A light thunderstorm
! occured at Los Angeies this afternoon. The ter
n perature still continues high throughout the en-
I tire region west of the Rock.- .Mountains except
i along the Central California coast, where it has be
come considerably cooler. Conditions are favor
able for cooler weather In the Interior of Northern
1 California Monday.
Weather conditions and general forecast:
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. April 26, 1897:
Northern California— Fair Monday: cooler In
the interior of north portion: light variab c winds,
becoming brisk to high westerly on the coast.
Southern- California— Partly cloudy Monday,
probably occasional showers In the mountain re
gions: cooler as. San Luis Obispo: fresh westerly
winds along the coast. iltDnjr
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair; warmer Mon
day.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday, brisk
westerly winds.
W. H. IT AXtMOV, Forecast Official.
UUCAN STEAMEItfe.
l)ntf«« of Dfpnrtnrfl From Sun Frnnciaro.
BTKAMKB |
UmaUUa .. ;
Pomona.... j
Corona I
CUllkac... !
Faralion....
Homer
Kurelca. .... i
ACapuico... '
Stateof Cal. I
GhAr •
Orizaba j
Mouowal....
HuniDonli.. '
Hania Kosa.
ABlancbarJ
Arcaia
City Pekln;
City Puebm .
Cook Bar.. . .
Columbia ..
il'K-ITI NATION. |
] Vie cfc Put end ,
! I i umbolii I ;
I ■-an Difea.... ,
■ " -el Hirer !
i Uqui::j Bar. !
Coos Bay I
( Newport .. I
.''annnia. I
Portland ]
Coos 1iar...... '
Mexico i
Sydney '
Iliinib'i.rtlKa
fan Dleso :
Urccon i)oria. .
<-'op< Ha/ .
China* Japan
, Viet Put ana
.\*wpor
Por:ian<t......
Apr 2b, 9am
Apr ii.i. in
Apr -.'6,llam
Apr 27. 9a
Apr 27. 9a v
Apr 27, spm
I Apr .H. Uau
Apr •.'--. l'J U
Apr -JB.IUAM
! Apr 29. 12«
Apr 'J 9. lo aw
Apr '29. 2fm
Apr 29, 2pm
! A pr *>> Jiav
Apr M. 9am
May J. spw
May 1. iIM
M v 1. Ham
-May 'i. Va »i
May 3.1U4M
!»* 1 1,-*
; i-iicß.
I Pier
I fiat 9
Pier 11
< Pier I 1
j Pier i
Pier 13
Pl*rU
PUDS
Pier 24
! Pier 8
I Pier 11
j Pier 7
| Pier 1 1
I Pier 13
1 IMerll
PM 8 S
: Pier i
i'mr It
I Pter24
»tl>. 3100.N AM* li.»L
tj^JT*" STAT«S COAST AJfD 0«OT>FTIO BOIVIT
Times amd BXISHTS or Hian amo Low
»VATKM AT >'OHT POIITT, K»T»AVO« to
Kaw Fba ncibco . Bat. Pdbi»ishkd .bt Or»t-
C3AIi AUTHORITY Or TH* M'KBISTIXDMiI.
Notb— The hlgb and ■ low waters occur ai tvs
City Front (M.i 5 4ioa-svreet Wtaarr) about twenty-
X NEW TO-DAT.
m, » m■■ i IS /
A EBI & I > Jb& . \
Av/fllliij Wk %£&
BACKS jjJltffeSL
Are a warning of disease. How often men and AiR J'^= > *^^S«^^'«-z>
women are heard to remark, "I hnve a went aV*V '>^t 'i
back.- or "My back aches." L'ttle do most ol S&^l^TO^ J^!s^fei»
them realize that these arc positive indications W->'™™^^r">f£L .^jf^^^^W^
ol diseased kidneys and that if medical advice -*^--'<.-vso».i>w:«» -45533^^
and treatment are no' sousrht at once a fat«l DOCTOR SWF AW
termination is sure 10 follow. A dangerous lea- utt SVVfcAiNY,
,v!I cLie LiH tr " Sd i feal!e iS thttt thor eis co pain in Whone Reputation Is ICtubliahed b-r
Diseases of Young:, Middle- Aged and Old Men
iifWswsißssi
wmmmsm
ST^dTn e s^ a k rn^:;:•:, p^ I °;^nVv^n:» Rheum • ti • m c • tarr^
SVrto^rw^iSndm.B 0 * 11 ** "»—«*•«»"• «<» "tren^thens and restor« t&
Dr. Sweany'» pur»ly
Scientific Treatment Invariably Cures
developed a system of H or- .r.atm.nt that is entirely his own Thousands are cured *t
taSl SiSl^eV Corres P° ndence » nd mediclnea sent thJm as directed^Le^ are anTwere"
' „. ; '/- 737 Market Street, San Francisco. Cal.
OTe mtnuies lau>r than at **o-t r'oint; luo uu<tu
ot title is the «ame at both places.
A|U II 1 Si).
Monday. April 20.
Sun rla«w 6. 19;. M00n rises 2.33 am
Bnosets 6.67 1 Moon seta. ...'.'.'.'
IITw
I>et
■Time
Feet 1
<i. VV
Fee:
ITlme
!h w
>\ i.&ttj 2.01 7.40 <70~
•-'.60 1.4 8.55 4.0
I a 33 1.0 I 9.54 I 4.1
' I 4.08 0.6 10.42 4.U
I ,4.41 0.. 11.30 S.B
| 5.09 —0.2 12.16 5.6
1.04 \.v\
2.41 1.4
14 1.7
3.41 2.1
4OS 2.6 i
4.32 3.81
8.07
9. 35
9.58
10.20
10.40
4.8
60
6.0
6.0
6.0
Rot«— In the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of ihe day in mo
order of occurrence as 10 time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, ezcops
when there an but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are addltloos to toe
tonndlngs on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) pree*des the
height, and th*>n the number K'^en is subtracttvu
from lh>» <lp|i;h u'vcn b» [lie charts.
M!Alll.i:> 1O AKKIVE.
-TK.AMKR
I- 1 111 I M
lorn
xiomrr ■••.*■■> ..
Ctailkat .... '
Crescent Cltr. .. :
Koreka. |
Florida |
Ilumbolrtt !
City Puebla i
Mackinaw
City or Krerett. ;
Alice Blanmurd j
Mnii liosa
Czarina
Del >or:e
Arcata
Wellington... .
Coo* Bay
San Bias
Colombia
Doric I
Hanoi I
Truckee |
Progreso I
Walla Walla...
Corona
I Coos Bar
Eel River
Crescent City ............
i Newport.
I Departure Bay
Ilumboldt Bar
i Victoria <£ I'ujet Hound
| 1 aroma _
I Nit oat mo
I Portland
s>an Diego _..
Coos Bay
urars Harbor.
Cooi Bay
Departure Bar
.\ewnort
Panama
I Horiland
Cbinaand Japan
Urays Harbor
ii'tilamoolc Bay
Seattle
I Victoria <& J'u^et HoanJ
>-iin l»iec<i
..Apr -J6
..Apr '16
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr a 6
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr JM
..Apr 28
..Apr 2s
..Apr 28
..Apr -.'9
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Aor 30
..Apr HO
. Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
.Apr M)
..Apr SO
May 2
May •&
.lUllli: 1U HAKIMERS.
A brancb of the United States Hydrograpbla
Office located In the Merchants' ExchaDjre Is
maintained in San Francisco for the beueQt of
mariners wltbout regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators ar« cordially Invited to visit the
•ffice. where complete seis 01 charts and salllnz
directions of the world are kept on hanl or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
Can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to nnvigation and all mattars of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build nz on Tele
gTaph Hill U hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom tha
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether tho tlma ball wai
flroppedon time, or giving the error, if any, i«
pnblisheJ tho unu day oy the afternoon papers,
■ad by tne mormug papers the following <lav.
W. s. Huohks.
Lieutenant. V. >. N.. In cnnr->\
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ArriTod.
SUNDAY, April 25.
U stmr Albatross. Moser.
sunr Gipsy. JLeiand. 2. boan from Mo«s Land
ing. etc: produce, to Ooodall. Perkins Co. «
Stmr I'omona, Doran. i 7 hours from Kuroka;
p»ss »n<i mdse, to Goodail. Perkins <& Co.
Stnir Willamette, Holmes, bO hours from
fceatte: 275U .ons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
t«imr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 noun from •
Menttoclno, tts; pass and mdse, to ilendoclno
Lumber Co. jj-
S mr Jeanie Msson, P6 hours from Departure
Bay: 600 tons coal, to Pacific S;oam Whaling CO.
Mmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hoars trom Fon Bragj:
pass and mds-, to .1 s Klmball.
Schr Newark, Beck. 16 nours from Bowens
Ending: 160 M. fc lumber, to F Heywood.
Schr Isetue i.ow. Low. 6 hours from Poia;
Keycs: 45 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer <& Co.
Bchr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega ;
75 bxs butter, to Kosa & Hewlett.
Sailed.
SUNDAY. April 26. ■
Bark Kat« Davenport, Reynolds, A Irak.
Bktn < H-rintt Su den, Hanson. Port Gamble.
Bktn I'ni'BM. Schmidt, Honoiulu.
Schr Melancthon. t'easley, Coiumuia River.
Schr Kioßey, Ackermnn.
Scbr Occiiiental, Brandt, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jessie Minor. Whitney, Eureka,
Scur lir.t.'ius, .tordber;;. codUshlni;.
Schr Helen N Klmball. Uuttormsen, Eureka and
Coos Hay.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, Coqullle Klver. ■
- ilir Kou» Lewen, (iuolman. Honolulo.
Schr Mary iluhne, Kamselitis. Eureka,
; Schr .Bobolink. Nelson. Mcndocino.
Schr Orient, Mitchell. Kvefett.
Ilawct.hr liouolulu, TUonagel. Victoria.
Telegraphic.
roiNT LOR'»S. Auril 25.-10 f. ii Weather
hazy, wind SW: Veiocu/ 8 muai.
Domestic Ports.
BOWENS LANDISQ-Arnved Apr 26-3chr
Barbara Hernster. from Ventaia.
AbTURIA— Arrived Apr -jo— simr Columbia, he
Apr 23.
SF.ATTLK— SaiIed Apr 26— Jap stmr Tlnshin
Maru. tor Yokohama.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 26-Schr Geo W
Watson, from Tucoma.
Sai.e.i Apr is— stmr Jewel, for Ban Francisco;
bktn Uncle John, for Eureka.
AIENDOCJ.NO— saIira Ap. 26— Point Arena,
for san Francisco.
El KKKa- Arrived Apr 26— Stmr Scotia, hence
Apr 11.
Sailed Apr 25— Schr John A, for San Francisco;
schr Krams Clandina. for Champerico.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Apr 24— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles.
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 25— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
WKSsTPORT— Sailed Apr 25-Schr Moro, for
Ban Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tncoma for Sau Francisco; bark Carrolllon,
irum Nanalmo for -an Francisco.
Import it tli»m.
EUREKA — Per Pomona— M shingles, 28
roils 2cj leather, 10 cs mdse, i aR sand, 47 tubs
i:a bis butter, 1 cs tinware, 1 roll carpel. 1 pk
palls, 2 pkgs household goods. 43604 ft lumber 2
pkics hardware. % ho ses, 1 colt, 2 sulkies. 1 cnest,
1 agricultural Implement, 1 keg catsup, Isk mus
tard, 9 pkss express.
X <& X X R— 2 kegs 282 bxs butter. 67 dressed
ve*l, 1 pkc bicycle parts. 60 cs condensed milk, S
pcs hardware. 3 bxs meal. 4 &ks green bides. 1 cs
waists. 1 bdl dry hides, 44 doors, 6 cs cider, 160
sea oati, 164 aii.A potatoes. "
FOKT BRAGU— Per Noyo— 2 bbls glassware. 12
cs empty bottles, 3 bdla 1 bbl rope, 1 bbl junk, 54
sks bones, 263,748 feet redwood lumber, 1026
posts
SANTA CRUZ- Per Glpsy-8 bxs butter. 9 csks
whale oil, «1 cs cheeae, 3a sks potatoes, 600 DbU
lime.
Moss Landing— bxs butter, 1 bx ware. 1
CS •>C« 1 «-
MKNDOCINO-Pe- Point Arena— l crt turkeys,
2 bafc» wool. 4 bd ssbeep pells, 5^ bals sail hl.es,
1 bx furs, 3 bxs abalonej. t bx butter, 1 bx mdse. I
Lttile Rlver-a pkgs seed. 4 pkgs sportio* goods.
Point Arena— sa bxs butter, 2c* eggs, 3^oo
posis, d dressed calvas, 1 17 Jl ft lumber.
<"'inal •»•!".•» i
Per Pomona- A C Nichols <S Co: A V Cherry: A
Fay; Brlcbam, Mopue & io: Dairymen's Union;
Dod»;e. Sweener&Co: Geo H Tay * Co; Jl H
Wesion; Uumholdt M Assn; IlilUBros: Lamion
<fc Co; J X Hanlfy: McKay <t Co: Man. Sj.ti-r
&CO; -"Viuioiml IceCo; Pnui Reiucr <£ Co: PII
iQuliin; Seae k»»n & Uiickutr: Sonoma Pr«»sprve
I o; Standard Oil Co: Wells, i-°argo t Co: Boston
Woven Ho-ip Co; Mchle<sincer <fc Hender: c; <le
Lncca; l' X Whitn»r Ac > : Jli N'pwbnner <t Co;
FBHaiijbt: Getzßros&Co; J Schweltr.er <$; Co;
Kowalakvdt Co; J lloflman; .1 H C<iln & Co; fac
> L. it M (o Norton. T»Her<t Co- Wolf ifc Son:
O B smith <tCo: Koss<& Hewlett: Witzel<fe Baker;
Kuss. Karly <t Co: Bmith'RCash Htoro H Dutarl-
I Ptanaard Oil Co; W R Knight <$: Co: WV Bryan:
Wheaton, lireon <fe Co: '1 he Trojan Balrt & Collar
Co
Per Noyo— Chas Harley <fe Co: N Ohlandt A Co;
Union Lumber Co: <j Uaddinl Co: Ang.o-Amur
G A C Co
Pt>r Gip^y— Norton, Teller & Co: Herman Joos" :
Dodge, swpenpy A Co: L<i Sresovitn Co: \\ F
Hiiss-ll: Mltiaker<t W?lbanks: Dairymen's Union :
i Kowalsky «fc Co: n Cowell it Co; >J B rtmith A Co:
Cietr. Bros Co: S H Jt'ranK Co: A W Fin k : U H
T Jacoh3OD.
Per Point Arena— W B Snmner A Co: DPnnlson
& Wilson: Wheaton. Breon A Co; Jas MurrAy
Ross A Hewlett: Martin. FeuslerACo: A liran-
I <S Co; F B HoUht: Dairymen's Union: X T Allen
i A Co: De Bernardl A Co; RohlfTi t&Gerdau; Cox
I Heed and Plant Co.
ocean TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STSAMERS LEAVK BKOADW'AY J*r&
O wharf, San Francisco, us follows: 3V*Sk3C
For ports in Alaska, April 1, 6 11, 16, SO, \>&
and every firth day thereafter, ut 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), I'ort Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New \V iiatcom (Betlinuhara Bay, Wash.), 9 a. sl
April 1,6, 11. 16, 21, 28 and every Hfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with thr *C P. K.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. H., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For KureKa, Arcala and Fields Landing (Hutn-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona '2 p. m.. April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18, '22, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco\
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Uaviota, "santa
Bnrbara, Ventura, Hueneme, *an Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport, at 9 a. k.
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 30. 24, 28, and every lourih
day hereafter.
For San Dieiro. stopping only at Port HarrorJ
(San Luis Obispo), Minta Barbara, Port Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) aud Newport, 11
a.m. April 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, ana every
lourth day thereafter.
For Enaeuada, San Jose del Cabo. MazaMan, [a
Puz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. April - _9. June 2 aud 2.1 of each month there
after.
The Company reserves the right to change, with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours or sailtnsr. Ticket office— Pai»ce Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l A ents.
' 10 Market St.. San Frapciscrv
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLA3NT ID
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 A . v.
FA "RPr/»12 *'lr«t-clnM \ Including
•rtXVJUISB Second-class /berth <t mei'j
SCHEDULE OK SAILINGS:
Columbia....: .April '.'3, May 3, 13, 23
State of California ..April 28, May 8. 18. 28
Through tickets and through baggage to ai
F.asiern points. Kates and toiders uuuu applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOP.. Oenera; A-cn^
630 Marke: street.
OOODALIi. PERKINS <fe CO.. superintend..-- ■
l3tJlHlC saiu Vla MONOWAI
r3SflfliBi£ sails via HONOLULU
R"«M««s and AUCKLAND for
■ jX SYDNEY. 1 hursday,
Ou/L' April 29, 2 p. v.
JSJWmShinw «• S. AUSTRALIA for
f^ltfllllJllij/ HONOLULU onl.-
\v^nifJUiwq 2 p- M t-ptclal party
rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, AusL.and CAPETOWN
Eouth Africa.
J. D. bPP.ECKELS* BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 827 Mark -i street, &an KrAnclsco.
COJIPAGXIE GESERAL TRAXSATLIITIQIii
French Line to Havre
pOMPANY'!< PIER(NEW),42 NO KTH /Ml
\J River, foot Of Morton su Travelers by <<Gs3p
this line avoid both transit by English raltway an I
1 the discomfort of cross the channel Id a small
boat. .New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parli
first class $160. second class «116.
LA GABCOGNE May 1. 10 a. m
LATOURAINE .May 8. lot 2.'
LA. ERETAGNK. .............. ".May ls^ ]0 £ £
LAIHA.MI'AGNK ....May 22. 10 A. m".
JB" tnrtherpart"irai«ro apply to"' 9 ' lOa *"
*T for farther particular* «pply to" '
V/v -n* , A - FORQKT. Agont,
t v vnnjffi i- ,?Z Ha Z Green - New Yorlc
avenue, S^Franctc^ 1 A * ent * 6 Moatgomery
STOCKTON STEAMERS
*?^ V £ lo . r i K°* ?• Washing-ton St^
At 6r- fll. Daily. IrnKlii received <ia
to .>-.3i» P. M.. w
tOT Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only im,. SBillns through tickets and giving
tbrouch freight rates to all points on ViUley
' Railroad. " '
_■ „ STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. J. r>. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main BCB. Cai. ISav. aud Impu U«
FORU. S. IAniAU AJD VAILEJO.
STKAMEK "JIONTICELLO,"
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thuis. and sat
..9:40a. if. and 3:16p sc (9 p. jf. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m., 9p ii
bundays 10:30 a.m. and Br!ic
landing and offlces. Mission Dock, Pier
Telepnoae Greon 38L
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA
OTEAMEB ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
kJ iSundays excepted) at 10 a. m. Alvisa dailr
(Saturday excepted) at 7 p. v. Freight and
Passenger. Far* between San Francisco aat)
▲lvlso, 50a; to San Jose, 76a. CJUtr aw Jc'itx J. -
W. fcaataCUrasfc, r*
ATI.RO AD TRAVEC
soiTiir.i;> rAIWIC lOJIPAS7.
• (PACIFIU SV«TKM.I
Trnln* !«■»»«■ »n«l nr«i i!n«- fo nirm. j»»
NAM ritA.N«:is< <».
(Main Line. Foot of .Marktt Street.)
leavk — FitoM ArniL 1?. IS?7. — ahiut b .
"*b7bOA Nilts, San Jose and \Vi.> Stationa... l):-*.^^ 1
7:OOa Atlantio i:\prcss, Ogilun and Kast.. h: l-", P
7:Ooa lienici.i, Vacaville, liumsey, Sacra-
meuto, Orovillo tind Uedding via
Davis C:45»
7:3« A Martinez, San llamon, Vallejo. Xapa,
Oalutcga and Santa Kosa 6:15p
Vi:(Oa Xiles, Sjii .lost-, Stocktou, lone,
Sacramento, SFarysvillf, Cnlco,
TehamaandUtMl JJluft* -I : l."lp
•8:3Oa Peters and Milton : «7:15p
9s««A Uew Orleans l':i|.reE3,Merced. Fresno,
liakorslielil, Stmtu Uarliara, l.oa
AnueleH. Deininp, El Paso, New
Orleaua and East 4i-l»p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4.>p
O:OOa Vallejo • 6:13P
....... Nltaaj San Joae, Livermore and
. Stockton -ZfiS*
•I:OOp Sacramento VSknx Stuiiintrs • M>:o<>r
itOOp Niles, Ban Jose and Livermore 8:-13 a
f!:3Op Port Costa and Way Stationa t<:4i>p
*t—t Martiiu«, Kan Uainon. Vallejo,
Napa, OHlibtngik, Bl V«rano und
Suutaltosa 0:13 a
4«O0p Benicia, Vacaville. Woodland,
Kni«hts Landing. Marysvillc, Oro-
vilk- audSacranienlo 11:13*
4i3Or Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mor-
cod, Haymt'iid (for Yosemite). aud
FrcsDO, goins via Niles, returning
via Martinez •• 11:45*
s:oorLos Angeles Exvress, Tracy,
Fresno. Mojsve (for Randaburg), "
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7:43*'
SiWOp Sauta Fo Route, Atlautlc Kxpress
forMi.javu and Kast T^f?*
«:O«p V.uropean Mail, Ogdeii and ICaat "'ii**
6:oop HaywardK, Niles »nd Han .lose i X.- A '
J7:o»p Vallejo t7s«i»
7iO«p Oregon Sacramento, jMarys-
villt., Jledding. Portland. Pnget
Somiilaiid ''^'•■- Htl.tA,
SA.V I.KA.M».;it A>D HAIWABM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
t*6:OOAI ( 2«Js*<
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, jo-laX
! iimm>a Fltchbnrg, Elmhnrst, 11:J3a,
tll:OOA San Leandro. South San '^i'^ 1 *
ll aMM»p Leandro. Estndillo, |sUsr>
i»:OUr 1- Lorenzo, Cherry •< X : i- 1 "
4:0«p . ta:-i.JI»
r»:o»p antl G:\zr
s:3©p HavwardN. Z : i'- >P<
7:i»Op »:45p
J»:OOp i Runs through to Niles. iS-irt^
, tl »-^» From Nile,.
SAMA VMIVA iMtl-lO'i i:\arr<Mvtiauge;.
(Foot of M rket Street.)
~1V:43a Santa Cruz Excorsion, Santa Cruz
and Priucipal Way Stations J!»:<K>r
M:-Isa ■irl;.C.-iiicrvilli..S»n.lo.se, Kclton,
mlilf r Creek, Bauta Cruz and Way
i Stationa 3iB»P
•»:I.lp Newark, Oenterville. SauJoee, New
■ Almaden, IVlton, JiouliUr Creek,
Sauta Ctwa aud rrintiial Way
Stations •1I:SO*
4:15r Newark. Kwi .I«*i and T.oa Uatoii . . A »'»O\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i fromSAS fiUNCISCO— Foot of M»rket Street (Slip 8)—
>7:15 9:(0 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:CO t3:C>
**:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OiKUKD-Foot of Broidwij.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00A.JI.
tl2:00 *i:oo ts:oo j 3:oo ti-.00 "3:00 p.m.
COAVr I>IVINI<rS (Tliinl .V lohiis'-ihl SN.)
7:uOa Sun Juae ami \\ ny St.it.i<ms (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only). l:»Op
9:OOa Sau .lose. Ties Pinos, Santa Cruz,
r.«.:iiic Grove, Paso Uokles, San
, 1...;- oliirii.ti. CuadaluiK-, Surf and
rrinclpal Wny SLiLions 4:15 -
I»:lOa BanJnmaiiii Way Stations O::iOc
I I:3Oa Palo Alto aiitl Way Stations o:«Op
•a:3Oi-.San Mateo, Meulo Park, San .l«we,
(iilmy, Tres linos, S.uita Cms,
Balinas,Monteiey»nd racilicGrove "I«:-*Oa.
<:t::t«lp San Jose and Way Btalioii« y.-4.»A.
•4:3*i- San Jouoan.l Way Stations 12 ! 22 A
r>:UUt> Bali Joae Principal Way Stations •8:43 a
6:SOr SanJosoaml WayHUtlous «:::.-».%.
t11:4.1i- San Joscimd Way Stations t?:4sr
' A for Morning. 1* »or Atternoon.
* (JuudavH excepted. t Sundays only. t Saturday* only
tt Monday. Thu»sd:iy and Satnrilay nights only.
FRASCISCO & SORTH FA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— root of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7-.30. 9:00, 11:00 A *.: 12:3\
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— tria
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips M I:3 J
I and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— -i:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. ■i:\ii.
£>:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to 'inn Francl«co.
WEEK »AYS-6:15, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 \ w •
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. St. Saturdays— Extrjtrioi '
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. it. H V »
BUNDA'iS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. It.; 1:40.3:13. )
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Parlc gams
schedule aa above.
j lxave T _ cfTe - f Arrive
I San Francisco. | A pru 26. San Francisca
\Vkkk Sex- ucsJinllian. 8ox " ! Week
Days, days, destination. BAy3 | Day^
, 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am H:4I)aIC
; 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, : 6:10 pm 10:'J5aK
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. \ 7:35 pm 6:22 p.\t
Fulton, j
I 7:30 am ! Windsor. ' 10:25
Healdsburg,
1 ytton.
Geyservilie,
I 3:30 pm 8:00 am j Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 psc
Pleta,
7:30 am i Hopland & 10:25 am:
j 3:30 pm; 8:00 j Cklah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm:
7:30 am , 10:25 am;
8 :00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm !
i 3:30 pm! I 1 6:22 ph
7:30 am; 8:00 am Sonoma ■ 10:40 am 8:40 Ait
and
; 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:10 pm 6:22 pm:
1 7 :30 am 8:00 am i bastoDol 10:40Um|10:2 »
j o:3opm|s:uO pm l aeDast °P°'- ; 6:10 pm| 6:22pm
1 stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark Wes-
i sjirinss; at Geyser\llle for Ska^xs Springs: ac
; Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta tor Hlijhland
! ■springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay and l^akeport- a;
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs': at;
Ukiab for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blm
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Kiverside. Lierley's, Buclc-
neirs, sanhedrln Heißhts. Hullville, Booneville.
Orr's Hot Springs. Meudocino City, Fort Braze
West port, Vsal. * Xt
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduo-»l
rates. ..:.:■-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be.
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offipp*. 650 Market st., Chronicle rralldtnit
A. W. FOSTER, R.X.RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe "^i|ii|*|
Limited. Jlllilf
On MONDAYS tnd jK^^^SgSwaA
THURSDAYS the first- jGEStgggllggjfe v
class Pullman nleepinc-car jf^^Mwll¥tSfwE3j|J '
leaving at 5 p. v. connerts HS33s3JBk3^«§ 1
at narstow with th»- Sunta BBOfr-.3c£ ■ '
Fe llmiti'd train carrylnp »Jmaa*iS^
dlr:lng-car, buffet smolcin?- /aTTiPTii 1 Tl ßKrl '
c»r and Pullman paiacr
drawlne-room »!eeplnp-c»is <V\.O'*-Lj'»
for bo;h Chicago and Ht- "■"* B *o* "tjrjj
Lonii -via Kansas City.
3U iiaya to Chicngo or St. I.nuii,
4' Day* to N«w York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. m. Pullman palace dravluk.
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeplm-
cars, thn>nth 10 hica^o via Kar.sas City. Annex
1 cars for Denver and .-St. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City.. C!nca«o,
Montreal and tb«> White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St I'nul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Officn. 644 M hi kei » : r«.-t, 1 hron-
-Iclo building. leiephone Main 1531.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Vrom Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 189
WEEKDAY!
! 'For Mill Valley and San Rafael— :2s, •9:19,
ll:u0 A. M.: »1:45, 3:45, *5:15. *J:45 6:30 P.lt
i Extra trips for Baa Rafael on Mondays, Wednoa*
■ day a and Saturdays at 11:30 p. v.
SUXDAYS.
! For Mill Valley and Sun Knfael— «B:oo. *10:0f
; •11:30 A.i«.:»l:;so, 3:00, •4:30. 6:1Bf. v.
| Trains marked • run to san Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I For J olnt Reyes and way stations-7;25 a. k.
! Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. toundaya. 1:45 p. v. oatar*
i »ays.
For Catudero and war stations— a. m. eel*.
tfays; 1:45 r. m. Saturdays.
THK SM FK4ltm o 111 811 Ji)A(|D«
VALLEIf UILWAI COiIPAH.
FROM APRIL 15, 1897, passenger trains wlu
run daily:
bonthbaund. sutloos. Northbound.
7:20 a. m Stockton... 6:40 p. m.
9:19 a. m Mercei 3:14 p v"
ll:tO a M Fresno 1:10 p. M
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
■ Conn»:ti nteumboats of the C X. <t I. ' Co,
leave Ban Fiam isco and Stockton at 6 p. M. dally.
. Connects »t Merceu with stages 1 rom duelling!.
Coultervii:o. Voiemit Mur.|. etc.
HUT ALPILS.
WKKK DAYB-LeaveS. F. 9:l>sa. k m'-xV'- „
Returning— Arrive a. f. 3:25 r m «"->ii "*•
I BUNDAYS-LeareaF.BA.ic 11:30 A^M^f 0 /;^
; Beturnlng-Arrlve 8.F.1 :15 p. m 420 fm! 7-H Plt
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ' 7:SSRIt
I THOs. COOK <fe SONS, 6^l Market >r h" v
I MIU VaU«y aud ilount Tamalpais S^nic KaU^AN EXAMPLE OF
OAKLAND JUSTICE
Noisy Wagons Tolerated,
but a Quiet Individual
Arrested.
"The Edwin Booth of the Pulpit"
Has Not Jurtifi d Ad
vanes Noticrs
Judge Rawson's Reason for Having
Confij-ncj in the Future of
Lea^dro
Oakland Off:, San Francisco Call,!
DOS Broadway, Apiil 25. )
An arrest that was made yesterday of a
colored man is, v>erhap«, the most flagrant
example of the unequal manner in which
the -kuauces ol this city mete out in
justice.
Aaron Moore, a tall individual of good
appearance, has lately been making a
liv.ng by a novel advertising scheme. Ho
was dr ssed in a very neat b.ua !»oit, and
bad a gentlemanly bearing, such at no
citizen could possibly nnd fault with.
Determined to do something for the
support o. his family, he has been for
nboat two weeks earning a few dollars
•walking around the streets supporting an
advertising apparatus on his shoulder*.
It \va< rather original, and consisted of a
nict'ly polished mahogany box, on the top
«f v.hieh pos>ed a rooster. By manipulat
ing strings which hunx down to his
shoulders, Moore couhl make ihe rooster
] ick up an advertising card in its teaS,
aii'j having done bj. would walk a block
and then make the rooster change the
card.
There was nothine at all offensive about
the man, nobody complained, and if any
ihing, it was ratner p easing to the eye <
\v:.e:i compared with ma:.y current Vile,
inartistic advertising schemes. Yester
day Moore was taken to jail for violating
an ordinance whica forbids any' one to
carry any banner, device or emblem used
fur advertising any trade cr occupation.
Daring the past month the citizens of
Oakland have been disgusted with a pro
cession ol band-wagons, bell-wagons and
drum-wagons, ver which huge trans
parencies atrociously colored have t>een
Duilt and which advertised all kinds of
fake Sneriff sales. To such an extent has
this abomination been practiced that ihe
Mercnan l^' Excuange, the Board of Trade
and correspondent in the newspapers
have aited thai something be done to
aba;e the nuisance. The noise made by
their rvpUisive instruments and the ol
fc:.-e to Lhe eye by the canvas atrocities
are a genuine nuisance, and yet, even
\\.,t-:i drawn by three mules— each mule
bearing an a ivertising ulankei — they are
not considered a legal nuisance.
>>!oore will be prosecuted to-morrow for
what i.c did, while the procession of
wagons still parades the streets with im
punity. To a disinterested outsider it
would certainly seem that ih- driver of
oue of ttiese wagons should certainiy be
os amenable to iue law as the poor colored
ma:-.
A few days ago ad Alameda man caused J
lue arrest of • Fresno real estate man on !
a charge of fraudulently using the mails. !
The Alameda man complained that cir- j
cr. ars sent br the real estate dealer con- ,
tair.ed description* of land which were
not borne out by ttie facts, and conse- !
quentiy the dealer was alleged to be mis- ]
. Uncle Sam's pnvi.epes.
Judging by thi* sian :ard the parties i
who sent out the advance notices of Rev. |
I)r. Boyer of Chicago are equally guilty !
with the Fresno really man. The'Chica^o
evangelist who wears diamonds and luli
<:re-s suits when taking the part of the
lowly Nazarene has been in Oakland one
week at tbe Central Christian Church, but j
somehow or other his diamonds and cut- ■
nway have not drawn. As a matter of
fact he i- somewnat inferior to and suffers
by coni[arißon with ttie stationary pastor,
Rev. Kiward Davis. Mr. I).tv;* has cre
ated the school of pu'piteenng in which ;
he ;s a master, and ne has educated his
congregation to expect something very
orieinai each week. To his credit be it
sail, they nave rarely ben disappointed.
U hen Dr. Boyer was heralded it was
given ou: mat h« would piace the erret:c
preacher st a disadvantage find completely
overshadow him. But he has not done it, ■
■ I'e.ir that Mr. D.iv;^ nas
tarried his | style ol jireachingto
i:.e piTcme point which conservative
O.iit'ander- can io. orate.
Dr. iioyer, "the Edwin Booth of thepul-
it," ia undoubtedly learned and uses
word* with pood ta-'e an.! fluency. But
unfortunately for h:ru, there are icores ot
pasior* in Oakland who are superior to
him in magnetism and power of allusion,
consequently the man from Chicago will
return with his diamonds and bit
fuli dress suit, bat the pockets of the latter
wlli not De stuffed witii adulatory notices,
because so .'ar the local press has paid no
attention to the "mission." Dr. JJoyer
J'ctures n»xt week on "What Must Be
Done to Be Saved, According to Jesus
Christ and Pagan Hoc."
Judge Rawson of Sen Leandro hasjpood
reason for his belief in the future of that
town, ban I,eandro has a very pretty
plnza, which is right in the center of the
town, and is ornamented with a pretty
fountain and a Ji*rpe flagstaff, which was
erected '.v.o weeks ajo.
This plaza, now worth'for business pur
poses seven or eight tliou-and dollars, and
probably twenty. wai boucht by the town
in 1881 lor $800. "I know another fact
about that plaza." said Judee Rawson a
few days ago, "some years Mfore that
plaza was bought it was offered to the
town as a gift by Mr. Leroy, who then
owned it. The Town Trustees refined it
on the ground that if the town accepted
the prop rty it would have to pay for
prading one-half of the adjoining street,
and they thought the expense would be
greater than the valua of the land." Now
that the electric road has brought Saa
Leandro in communication every few
minutes with Oakland things movo dif
ferently around that plaza."
6TUAOT W. Booth.
HAYWARL'S IS AMBITIOUS.
Anxious to Entertain the >• xt Grand
I. oil of I <»: f»tiT«.
OAKLAND, CAL., April 25.— Hay wards
is anxious to entertain the next Grand
Lodge of Foresters. Ail the lodges in
Alarneda County have indorsed Hay wards,
n nd when the next lodge convenes at
Marysville early in May an attempt will be
made to brine the ucxi annual gathering
\u Aiameda County.
ban Luis Obispo and Henldsburg are
aiao anxiou* for the honor, bat the argu
ment 18 made that these jjiaces are so far
distant from the center wh<re the n.ajor
ity of the members reside that the exces
hive mileage would tend to bankrupt tbe
order, if such a calamity were possible. It
■ s said that two-thirds of all tne deieeates
live within a hundred miles of Hay warts,
and thu will he the gre.it argument put
forward by the delegates from this dis
trict w:;en they meet at MarysTille.
Alameda II ;it Club K<-gatta.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 25.— The Ala
meda Boat Club held the second in tbe
series of monthly regattas on the estuary
this Xortueoa. "liie Bj?in ov«r the mile
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
and-a-ha!f course was like takine n Ham
mum bath with t he warm sun. The water
was as p. acid as a mirror. The tide was
low and the race* slow. The winners in
the first event wpre: First — J. S. Scott,
12:23; William Duvis, 13:00. Second— J. S.
Siamer, 12:40; A. to Riehl, 12:30. Third —
W. H. Hinchman, 13:00; S. Ayersu 13:07.
Fonrth— George Lewis, 13:14: W. G. Han
sen, 14:41. lhe winner was credited with
100, the ioser with 75 points. There is a
proi ositinn on foot to consolidate the dc
fnnCt Diamond Cycler* with the Alameda
Boat Club.
DRUM INDIGNANT.
Berkeley's Crack Sprinter Koproach
fulljr lirnlr. the Statement That
He Took a Stimulant.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 25.-Sprinter
Drum, who covered himßelf with
>;lory and won fame for his uni
versity yesterday in the field-day
against . Stanford by snatching from
Brunton, the Stanford idol, the three
sprints, indignantly denies that he took
some dangerous stimulant to steady his
nerves before entering the lists. He says
that the whole story is founded on a false
hood and that it is barUly wortny of cor
rection.
He says he defeated Brunton fairly and
squarely and with tuo aid of no force
except "his musc.e and n. little lime juice.
The name of Westerfeldt was lauded
highly to-day lor the extraordinary pluck
and endurance he showed in keeping up
| work in the miie walk after having lost
I his shoe in the lir<«t lap. The most re
markable part of it all was that even after
I hnvjne lost his shoe and baying four re
: maining laps to make he walked a dead
i heat with Adams.
SHE IS A TRUE HEROINE.
After Her Husband's Death She
Raised Her Family by Sheer
Hard Work.
But at La t Compst:ticn Has Made
It Necessary to Give H?r a
R usine; Bsn* fit
Oakland OrricE Sax Francisco Call,)
90S isroadway, April 25. J
A generation ha? worked many changei
in the life of the lady who is now Mrs.
George L. .Morgan. On Thursday even
ing. May 13, she will be given a benefit
concert at the Unitarian church, and a
host of friends have guaranteed thai ii
shali be a great success.
Every Look reader in Oakland of moder
ate ace remembers the time when \V. B.
Hardy's bookstore was their rendezvous.
It was in the days when Henry Vrooman
was the great corporation lawyer ol Ouk
! land. Frank Jordan, now County derlc,
was his office clerk, and \V. K. D.tvis, au
ex-Mayor and senior counsel in the great
, water-front suit, was Yrooman's junior
partner. In those days Hamilton Hall
' was the leading church in the city, and
i \Va>hinnton street, now the center of
j easiness, was a district of dwelling
! houses.
Visitors to the old bookstore cannot
have forgotten the winsome and agree
[ able Kate Mould, and they alt remember
how George L. Morpan, then a promising
young lawyer, took Mi«s Mould from the
bookstore and made her his wife. For
: massy years they lived happily, but finally,
i at a time when her husband was City At
-1 torney of Oakland, death cut him off ana
the widow was Jeft with four little chil
dren.
Mrs. Morgan, however, did not grieve,
but went oravely to work and in a short
time built up a fine business of making
; paper boxes. Her babies grew, and the
I little fellows helped her, and the sweet lit*
| tie girl comforted her until life almost
• seemed once more. Then came the
paper-box trust with its overwhelming
j competition. Mr.-. Morgan's thriving and
growing little Dusines-s was crushed out of
existence. She could not compete against
millionaires, and when business failed,
ill-health followed, and her busy hands
Could no longer earn the daily bread.
At this time the brave Mr?. Morgan is
in need of help, and all Oakland should
unite in rewarding the unflinching cour
age and cheerfulness of this true mother.
The tiroeramme will be carried out by
; Miss Alice Ame>, recently from Berlin,
Mi-s Caroline Little, Miss Boyer, Miss
Helen Hegar and the Temple Male Quar
tet. Other features may be added, a- of
fers <>f help from leaaine ta.ent around
the bay are very numerous and the benefit
will be worthy "of its origin.
West Oakland Rrjoiceri.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 2').— The West
Oakland celebration was held this after
noon under met favorable auspices. The
pr< gramme a* published in to-day's CALL
was carried out and all the residents of
that part of the city joined in the general
jubilee.
In a few weeks the filling in of the
marsh will be commenced, and, as experi
ments have shown that ail kinds of piants
and flowers can he grown in the material
pumped from the bny, a fine park will
soon take the place of Oakland's lifelong
disgrace.
«• » — •
JJJOne of the public schools of Germany
has made it ob.ieatory for all in pupils t >
learn to ride the bicycle.
TWENTY-FIVE YEARS IN OAKLAND.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 25.— Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., preached this mornin
and evening at the First Congregational Church, where he delivered his first sermon
in this city just a quarter of a century ago. In the morning ho took for his subject,
"The Minister's Golden Psalm"; in the evening his address was partly historical,
partly anecdotal and entirely reminiscent. It was entitled "Reminiscences," and the
doctor referred in pathetic language to the growth of spiritual and social lire as he
has seen it during twenty-five years' experience in this city. ;...-• —
Dr. McLean, who is now president of the Pacific Theological Seminary, has been
continually in the ministry for thirtv-iix years, and bis addresses to-day were listened
to and appreciated by large congregations. To odd to the general interest, a larjje
portion of the £asicr music was repeated.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1597.
A PRICE SET ON
A WOMAN'S HEAD
Five Thousand Dollars Is
Off 3red a Chinese to Kill
Mrs. Clune.
Well Known as the Active
Woman Who Built Her Own
Home Unaided.
Damaging Testimony in the Hands of
the Police, Who Are at Work
on the Plot.
Oakland Office Pax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 25. )
The police have JM*t nnearihed a por
tion of a plot which threatened the life of
a very interesting: Jady of this town. A
few days ago a Chinaman called at the
house, and gave the lady a letter to read.
It contained a promise to the Chinaman
MRS. J. M. CLUNE, the Female Hcuse-Euilder of Oakland. A
Chinaman Was Offered $5000 to Kill Her.
that if he should kill the woman who
would open the door when be presented
the letter he would receive $5000.
Mrs. J. N. Clune, residing at 814 Sixth
street, is one of the best known women
among the progressive element of her sex
in this city. Some time ago she came into
prominence by building her own huu-e in
which she now lives, without the aid of
architect or carpenters. It is a pretty lit
tle place, and has been vi«ited by hun
dreds anxious to see tbe house that a
woman built.
For a long time Mrs. Clune has been
assisting Mrs. Prescott in her work ns
secretary of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, and in this
capacity it is probable that she has an
tagonized some party who now desire; to
wreak vengeance on her. There have been
several cases in which children are con
cerned and which have oeen very bitterly
contested, especially In West Oakland, in
regard to one or two Portuguese families,
and these (acts tend to support the theory
tnai M rs. Clune is in danger on account of
her official work.
Some lime last week «he answered a
Knock at the door and was surprised lo see
a Chinaman hand her a letter.
He told her that it bad been given to
him by some one with instructions to
take it to tbe house whose address it
bore, "314 Sixth street." He was instructed
to kill the woman who opened the door. to
him. and on his return h • would beat
once given $5000. This information iraK
conveyed in the letter, and the plot would
probably have been carried out but for
the unexpected arrival of a third party at
the house.
Mrs. Clune had only read the letter
about half way through when the Cliina
n.Hii, hearing some one approach the
front gate, lore it from her hands and ran
off. fche had just read sufficient to learn
of her danger, and as soon as she could
she went and told her story to the Chief
of I'ohce.
Detective Nick Williams was detailed on
the case, and he soon discovered the Iden
tity of the Chinaman. He is a laundry
man living near Mrs. Clune, and from
him the incriminating letter was recov
ered. It has since been kept by the po
lice, and tbe whole affjir has been very
closely guarded, while several otlicers and
detectives are quietly working to find the
writer of the letter. Its exact contents
have not been made public, and it is
stated that there is more in it than the
facts relating to the assassination of Mrs.
Clune.
Experts are of the opinion that th«
writing is tnat of a woman of but moder
ate education, and in this connection sev
eral names have been mentioned, but in
too indefinite a way to permit of their
use. Mrs. Clune's hu>band is a traveling
salesman, but so far he has been unable to
a'si-i liis wife in unraveling the mvstpry.
In the meantime the Chinaman is kept
ander surveillance, and by this means it
ia hopeii a clew to the originator of the
plot may be ob ained.
Mrs. Clune sue is quite at a loss to
account for the plot a^ain-t her life, ghe
declares she has no leason to suspect any
one and does not know of any enemy who
would attempt aay -uch thing. It has
caused her very great alarm and she is
very unxions to know who sent the letter
to trie Cn.naman. She came into promi
nence about two years ago, when she built
a house for herself on a lot owned by her
husband. It was the desire to help her
husband that caused _her to go into the
honse-building business. Although a
slight iittle woman, weighing only about
ninety ponnds, she laid the fonndation of
their home and was the architect, brick
layer, rarpenter, shingler, paper-hanger
and glazier, as well as plumber.
A local mining man wishing to encour
age her efforts paid her $1200 for tbe cot
tage, and before long^^^•». Clune had built
a i,ortion of another house. Her actions
have arou«ed general admiration for her
and her friends are aoing all in tueir
power to run down her enemies.
The Jacobs Beat the X. S. t;. W.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 25.— A good
game of baseball was playeu to-day be
tween the A. Jacobs' and the N. 8. G.
W's. The teams met on the diamond at
Thirty-hecond and Grove streets. The
Jacobs won by a score of 10 to 8. The
winners are anxious to hear from ama
teurs all over the coast.
THE ANNUAL INSPECTION.
Student Cadets at the State Uni
versity Will Be Re
viewed To-Day.
Colonel Burton, U S. A , Will Bs the
R-Tiewing Officer— Stmm Battle
in the Afternoon.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 25.— The grand
annual military inspection, review, com
; petitive drill ami sbam battle of the stu
dent cadets at the State Un:ver?ity will
take place to-morrow. At 9:40 the stu
dent soldiers will assemble lor inspection
review and the competitive drill, and at
1:30 in the afternoon the sham battle will
take place. The inspection will be pre
ceded by a review in honor of Colonel G.
H. Burton, inspector-general ol the
United States army. The judges of the
competitive drill will be Colonel J. C. Cur
rier. N. G. C, and CaDtain F. de L. Car
rinetoti, U. S. A.
Captain Case will command the First
Battalion and Captain Son the Second at
both review and inspection. In the sham
battle Captain Bauer will be in command
of the "Reds," which will be made up of
the First Battalion and the signal detach
ment, and CaDtain Starr will command
the "Grays," which will be made up of
the Second Battalion and the artillery
detachment. Lieutenant Everett will be
adjutant of the iirst division and Lieu
tenant Earle of the second.
The cadets have been practicing for this,
event for the last two or three weeks.
Several drills and sham battles such as
will take place to-morrow imve already
been held. They all expect to be at their
best to-morrow, as order* have been given
that tbey have their buttons sewed on
well, their shoes polished and their glovei
spotlessly white. No gum-chewing or ex
pectorating will be permitted in the ranks
under penalty of reprimand and dis
charge.
"Exei" to Begin. 088
BERKELEY, Ctl., April 25.— The an
nual examinations of the university will
begin to-morrow morning and continue
until May 7. All exercises for the year
closed yesterday. Commencement will
be Lt.u on Altiy 12.
NOTES OF THE NATIONAL GUARD
The Absence of General
Warfield Frcm the Col.
Smith Ceremonies.
An Unofficial Report of the
Condition of the First
Brigade.
The Filth Infantry Complimented on
Target Practice— The Naval Bat
talion May G) Oi a Cruise.
There has no- been anythin : of a
weighty nature in the National Guard dur
ing the past week outside of the trans
ferring; of the command of the First Regi
ment of Infantry to Colonel James F.
Smith.
Colonel J. C. Currer of the division
staff, an old officer of tne war of the reb -I
lion, was at Salinas last weeK with the
veterans and while there lie in his capa
city as division inspector, in company
with J. "W. F. Diss. major and iuspector of
the First Brigade, inspected troop C.
He found the troop in first-clais
condition and ascertained that of the
men fourteen owned their horses and
seventeen have been donated to the troop.
The men are well drilled and the Colonel
i says that they are a credit to the place in
which they are located and to the Na
tional Guard.
"Major Diss," said Colonel Currier, "speaking
of the first brigade, said that it is at this time
In much better condition than it hai teen
since the reorganization."
From remarks dropped last Thursday at the
informal reception given to Colonel Smith of
tho First Regiment, Second Brigade, it ii
likely that Colonel H. P. Bush (retired) will
accept the position of Judge Advocate on the
division staff which was made vacant ty the
promotion of Colonel Smith and in accepting
it he will have to accept the reduction in rank
from colonel to lieutenant-colonel. Now it
remains for time to determine if the leeling
that existed wnen Colonel Hush was in com
mand of the old First Regiment of Infautry,
wilt develop ana cause several members oi the
Major-General's staff to drop out, or whether
passing days have heeled all differences.
The Second Brigade.
The Informal reception to Colonel Smith last
Thursday night drew to the Regimental Ar
mory a larze number of the offict-Ts of the Sec
end Brigade. The call for assemblage at the
armory was 8:30 o'clock, and at that hour
Major-General James and his staff were on
hand with a military promptness that was a
subject of comment, favorable of course.
There was a delay, however, and inquirj led
to the discovery that it was occasioned by the
non-appearance of Brigadier-General Warfield
and siafl. An invitation was *ent to the brig
adier-general, delivered to him personally,
and the Invitation included himself and staff,
but Dp to teu minutes after 9 o'clock neither
the brigadier-general nor any memoer of his j
staff put i:i an appearance, and the neglect to I
appear or to send a leter of regret at Inability
to attend was construed by some as a slight to i
either the new colonel or to the sender of the
invitation. Pos«ubiy tne brigadier-general, ;
who received the invitation two day* before
the event, may have consiaeied the time too
short In which to uotify the ten members of
j his Man" to accompany nlm. In «n emergency
call the brigadier-general would consider two
hours about the right time in which to turn
out the entire guard. His absence from the
ceremonies was a subject of comment by
almost every < fficer present, and it is possible
that the brigadier-seneral will have to ex
plain why he was uoi present and why he did
not rend an explanatory letter.
The swearing in of the new colonel of the
First Infantry nas had the effect of dispelling
a slight war ciond that hung over tbe regi- i
ment lor some time past, and the manuerinj
which the Dew commander was received last '
Thursday night by the officers of the brigade
Is an indication that all differences have been
healed and that there will in the future be
unity of purpose and of action.
A pleasing feature of the presentation of a
diamond stndpin to Lieutenant-Colonel Victor
li. Duboce on his retirement from the active
command of the First Regiment, which he
had had «ince the resignation of Colonel Mac
donald In the early part of last January, was
the free heartedness ot the contributions to
the funds with which to purchase the hand
some testimonial. "The proposition to secure
something to show our appreciation of the
lieutenant-colonel's efforts on behalf of the
regiment," said one ot the officers on Sat
urday, "was started only two days before tho
presentation, ar.d there was not one of those
asked to contribute but did so most freely and
added that It wai with a feeling of satisfaction
that the money was given for the purpose of
showing In a befitting manner what was
thought of the interest the lieutenant-colonel
had taken in the advancement of tho First."
In an informal way this Information was con
veyed to Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce, and he
feels proud of the present he received, but
prouder of the unselfish motive that prompted
the officers who contributed to the purchase
of the present.
'ihe following are the orden that have been
issued for the inspection of the Second
Brigade.
Pursuant to law and orders from snperlor head
quarti-is. the annual luvpectlon and muster ot the
r«<lmeuts and companies of lhi< briicade will be
held under the supervi-lon of Major Charles Jan
sen, brigade Inspector, beginning Monday, May 3,
1597.
As It Is desired that the Inspection be thorough-
Major harles arisen will personally conduct the
■•Die by companies, as follows:
Company B, Hfih Regiment Infantry, Ban Jose,
Monday, May 3; Companies A and F and band.
Hfth i>eglment lnfumry. Oakland, Tnesday, May
4; Company G, Fifth Regiment Infaniry, Ala
rueia, Wednesday, May 5: C'omoany D, Fifth
Regiment Infantry, San Rafael, Thursday, May
6: Company C, Fifth Regiment Infantry, Peta
luiim. Friday, May 7: Company K. Fifth Regi
ment, infantry, Santa Rosa, Saturday. May fct;
lompMiy H, Fifth Regiment Infantry, Nap.i,
Mouday, May 10.
Companies U and I, First Regiment Infantry,
Ban Francisco, Tuesday, May i; Companies i-.
and 11, Flrit Heglment Infaniry, San Francisco,
Wednesday. May 12; Companies A and L, First
Regiment Infantry, San Francisco, Ihursday,
May 13; Companies I> and M, First Regiment
Infantry, .>aii Franclsoo, Friday, May 14; Com
panies C and G, First Regiment Infantry. Monday,
May 17; Companies E and K. First Regiment
luf*mry, San Francisco, Tuesday, May 18.
Cadet Coiupaiv, First Infantry, San Francisco,
Thursday. 4 p. M.. May 13; Troop a d fairy, sec
ond Brigade, ban Francisco, Wednesday. May 19;
signal Corps, Second Brigade, San Francisco,
Thursday, Mar '20.
The Held staff ot First Reirlnient Infantry wilt
be Inspected an I mustered on Tuesday, May 11, 8
p. m. : the band Tnesday afternoon, o'clock. May
11. The field staff of Firth Regiment Infantry
will be Inspected and mustered by the Inspecting
officer at the time of ibe company inspection in
their several localities. All Inspections will be
held In the regimental or company armories of
the com Is inspected. All officers and men
will be inspected and uiiis <1 in failsue uniform.
All Inspection* will commence at, H r m., except
where otherwise noted. All property wili be in
spected and passed upon by th<* lnsi>ecior on th»
aiternoon at o'c.ock of daiei forurj-.er and
inspection for the several companies. All prop
erty must be exhibited lo the inspectlog oflicer
and prop- riy recorJed oa muster rolL Muster
rolls must be made ont and handed to the inspect
ing officer at the time of In^pecilon of the com
mand, four copies for each regimental headquar
ters and unattached company aad live for each
company attached to a regiment.
The .following-named enlisted men have
been discharged from Troop A: C. K. Buker,
Samuel J. de Graff, V. 11. Deuhsrd, C. F. llaun,
A. J. Ki:ox and A. D. Robinson on account uf
removal, and J. C. Johnson and K. V. Moody ot
the samo troop, term expired.
Next Wednesday the First Battalion, Major
Charles lioxton. which includes Companies D,
£, A aud I, will have a battalion drill lv the
recimental armory on Page street.
The entertainment to be given next Wednes
day night by Companies C ana O, the Nation
als, in the Ellis-street Armory, which will
consist of a minstrel show and n vaudeville,
promise" 10 be a very pleasant Bffair, and at
tho members who will take part have already
made a reputation in the minstrel line, it is
more than likely that tbey will do all in their
power 10 maintain that reputation.
Troop A wns out for street drill (lismounted)
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powdbr. Try it.
Auction Sales
' EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneer*. 31 anil 33 Suttar Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
t^.is:e uotice :
THIS DAY.
3londsr ?... April 26, 1897,
At 10 O'ClOCk A. M.,
CONTINUATION AUCTION SALE
Of tie balance of the
BANKRUPT STOCK
Or Magnificent Parlor ami Bedroom
Furniture and Kich Upholstery and
Bloquet and ItrmseU C»rpei» oil
th» premises formerly occupied by
thirek Sc Shirek,
74-7 MARKET STREET.
NO! E— r.e snre and attend th s sale as the fa r-
niture is of the latest stylo and moat be sold. Car-
pets wil. be sold at commencement of sale.
EDWAKD s. SPEAR <fc CO.. Aur-tloneers,
r~V ? -; HI and 33 - utter St.
last week, and did remarkably well, turning
out a goodly number and going through the
evolutions with great precision.
Several officers of the brigade were some
what surprised last week to receive a call from
Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S. A., specially
detailed by the War Department as inspector
of the National Guard of California, and tiie
purpose of his call was to offer his advice and
services in the matter of assisting the officers
in the arrangements for regimental camps. it
\va« a surprise from the fact that the captain
never before offered like assistance.
If the other regime-Hs .of the guard paid as |
much attention to ttirget practice as does the
Fifth Infantry there might be more compli- ;
mentary letters like tt\e following sent by
Colonel Park Henshaw, inspeuior-Reneral of ;
rifle practice, to Lieutenant Etuanuel B. Hel
ler, inspector of rifle practice, Kifth lufantry, j
and there would bo better marksmen in the
ranks:
Sir: Monthly report of target practice, fifth In
fautry, ior iJecember. January anil February to
I hand. 1 have gone over th« reports with much
I pleasure and iiote evidence of gen*-raL. improve- i
j uieut, wliirh Is the important resu;t 10 be at- ;
i talned. >o far as I am lntormea me Fifth Uj now |
I me only ret,im-nf. in the Mli in which targol
prHCtiCu' 1m systematicail,' carried on.
'Ihe tood results of this system was apparent at
the contest for 6 ate medals on i'ie "7th of March.
I observed carefully and with pcasurc the ma:i- j
ncr in wtaich the contestants trim your rt«imi'iit j
performed Each seemeJ conversant witn the
rues of tbe contest and the advantages to be
gnlued by a faithful observance of them. I con
gratulate you upon jonr good woric. If each regi
ment Inspector of rifle practice would take the In- i
tereat you have tbe California National Uuard
would go to tbe front.
The board of officers of the Fifth Infantry I
will shortly hold a meeting and confer with J
Captain Carrington, U. S. A., as to the details
for the forthcoming camp.
At the camps to be he. this year there will
be. according to a itatement made by Colonel ]
John Gallwey, D. vision Surgeon, sanitary
measures introduced and enforced that have
never before been Introduced In National
Guard camps, and this by reason of the power
given by the last Legislature. Tho details of
the hospital service will be arranged by Colonel
William E. Hopkins, Surgeon-General.
Signal Corpi, Second Brigade.
The Signal Corps, Second Brigade, has been
ordered to report at the new range at Harbor
View for pistol practice, on Saturday next at j
3p. m. Those wno are unable to report at that
time will have to report at the same place at j
10 o'clock a. m. on the following day.
Sergeant C. H. Ellsworth has been appointed
first sergeant of the corps.
The Third Brigade.
The Third brigade has under consideration j
the holding of a brigade encampment this i
year, and a committee is seeking a suitable !
locality for holding thu same. Last Saturday i
Brigadier-General William M. Mulier, com- i
maudlng the Third Brigade, and oihers vis- ;
ited Santa Cruz for the purpose of in«-pecting i
the site on which the far-famed Tripe Hill j
stands, to ascertain if It would prove a desir- j
able place for such a camp. Tnere are other
places the committee will inspect.
The Naval Battalion.
At the election for ensign, to fill the vacancy
in the first division, held last week, Lieuten- ■
ant (junior grade) William E. El.iott, adjutant
ot the battalion, presided. There were two j
candidates, and the choice fell upon Al !
Thomas Emmerlck, who will have to go be
fore the examiners as to his qualifications for
the position.
Dr. Addlson E. Morgan of San Diego, assist
ant surgeon; Ensign Edward Fletcher of San
Diego, Third Division, and Carl E.Linsayof
Santa Cruz, Fourth Division, were In this City
last week as members of the Grand Com
mandery of Knights Templar.
As tho Fourth of July will fall on Sunday
toll year it is proposed to take a cruise on ihc
Monitor and possibly rnn her up to Mare
Island and have her placed on the dock lo
have her scraped and cleaned. An effort will
be made to have the Government paint the
vessel the same color as the other vessels of
the navy. If this crui«e is taken the start will
be made on Saturday afternoon and the offi
cers and men will re:urn by rail on Monday.
Lieutenant James R. Christy, chief engineer ,
of the battalion, is taking preliminary steps
to organize an engineer corps as authorized
by ihe last held sersinn of the Legislature.
An application will shortly be sent to Sacra
mento. '
To-morrow there will be a drill with artil
lery. Lf st Tuesday the battalion drilled, and
the movements, except in one minor detail,
were perfect- The execution of the orders
shows the ciose attention that the men have
been p .ying to the duties expected of them.
On the eveningof the4th of May Lieutenant
(junior grade) Frederick W. Harris, surgeon of
the battalion, will deliver tne next lecture of
the lyceum course. It Will be on "First Duty .
to the Wounded."
CONFIRMED AT ST. CHARLES
Tbree Hundred Children Received Into
the Church by the Arch
bishop.
Archbishop Riordan confirmed a class
of 300 at St. Charles Church, corner of
S otwell and Eighteenth streets. In his
address the Archbishop complimented the
pastor and the people of the parish upon
the magnificent showing they had made
at the continuation, and he counseled
them to begin at once to take measures
to procure a larger place of worship, tSie
present auditorium being inadequate.
Addressing the children, he sought to
impress ut 0:1 them the importance of the
step which the}' had taken and the duties
which devolved upon them aa soldiers of
the church.
'What are the requisites of a soldier?"
V. r . v ; KEW TO-DAT.
#"\ tl "l uK^^fij ffPUO K^m hk
for Sick Headache, Constipation, Imperfect
Digestion and Inactive Liver. Its occasional
use keeps the body in health and enables those
of feeble digestion to assimilate and enjoy their
food.
Sold by Druggists for 50 years,
STRONG AGAlfea
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROP. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
I drains on your system. Tney act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rioh
blood, firm muscles, ruzged " strength,
steady nerves and clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Qaincy
Building, Chicago.
al)r._Gf bbon's Dispensary,
(i2i* KEABHT ST. Established
in I 554 for the treatment of Private
DtoMMSi Lost Munboud. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. Thedoetorcureswhen
othprs fall. Try him. Charg*3 low.
■•>--•. a rant «-•■<!. Cnllorwrlte.
t Or. J. »'. 1997.Sau Francbo* i
STREET & CRESSWELL.
Oksibal AucrioNKKHS, 927 Mabkbt Stbekt.
Teleplioae >flnt 1552.
AN EXCELLENi OPPORTUNITY
FOB SALOON* MXX.
BURKES ELEUANT SALOON,
Cor.ter Valencia unit lwfnl.v--i.tth 3ts.,
. WITX BE SOLD AT ATCTION
_ WEDNESDAY. v-
Wednesday April 28. tK97.
At 11 o'clock a m.
It goes without suyliis that the furnlshlngsof
this saloon are complete in every resDect anc of
the very highest or.Jer. There is nothing In it out
ot the first clasi. It is oni' of the handsomest and
iiest appointed saloons in the city, j>rominently lo-
cated in a manufactn.-lnR dlst'rUt and doin? a
tloun-thinsj buslnas. Choice stock iv bult or lo
bottles: handsome from ana back bar, and all the
necessary p»raphernalia re<i .Islte lr\ i. placf of
ibis description. will b.- sold as a whole or In lots
to »ulf. Cun bi boui;ht at privntp sale before ano-
tion day. call and inspect the place, aad for fur-
ther informal on apply or write to P. J. IJL'RKI-.,
\ alenc:a and treaty slxtli struets, or to
A. L. CKKSSWELL, Auctioneer.
Termi cash.
. R«e ad. in Chronicle and Examiner.
J. C. MOTHER. AUCTIONEER.
Office— 632 3larket Jstree:,
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday April 27. 1897.
At 11 a- M.. on the premises
510 Kidy Street, Near Hyde,
....I WIM. s»l.r
The contents cf a fine house of 10 rooms, Inc'.iid-
ing 5 tine chnmL.er Mii s tine old pieces of parlor
uplio.stery, hands fO dln^-bt-d. bed-!oaote
uiu! couches: lace cv tains ruU KniMrl« rirprii
Ihrotiphont the huuse; also line hrddu.gana crock-
ery. My instruction* are to sell all without ro-
serve.
I HORSDAY— I will sell the furniture of a fine
re iilenco in .Manieda, including elega-jc antique
parlor Inrnuan ini|iorted from Paris.
=
lie asked. "1 take it there are two. In
the tirst place ho must have courage. AIL
the world hates a coward aud we rnii3t
not be afraid to declare our convic-
tions. The next thin? needed in a soldier
is discipline. Be obedient to liia com-
mandments. You know the len com-
mandments as well as I do. Go over them
to-day and faithfully keep tnem. If \ou
have not, makt> your repentance to-d;iy,
so that when tiie call comes you will t!e
able to Bay, 'Lord, I am ready.' "
He concluded with a word "of caution to
the parents to see that tbe children did
not negle t their devotions.
• — ♦ — •
At its recent session the Missouri Legis-
lature considered 1200 bills. It was a case
purely of quan'itv.
KW TO-DAT-'
JF Ghirardelli's Ik
m Ground Chocolate \
\>. is a food drink for all who
.! want strength and sup-
>" pleness of body and a
| clear head.
£j The best chocolate
IM^^ must rcs^ —^ e
■j^^^P freshest is Ghirar-
t<M* be-
RjHs J^V \ C3.U^ it is
Five Ib -
i^^^^mtins-$1.25;
]gj^^^^^> economi- |
r One Ib.
§j&i tins— 3oc
HOBdSB.
FOR BALE— THE FINEST SADDLE HOKS*E3
and Shetland pomes In the city. DALZiKL,
609 Golden Gate aye.
.-t/J TONS GOOD OAT HAY FOR SALE. AD-
O\J dress Hay, Call OfflCflL
C#| 11ORSE3 FOX SALK: WAGONS AND
O\J han ess. at car stablea. 721 Howard at. ; auc-
tion every ue-flay.
lAD\ 'S HORsK ASDTOP Oft
-i cheap. Devisadero-st. stable, near iicAihs;er
UCTION SALES KVKKY SATURDAY AT
XI- 11 o'clock of horses, busgies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 'J'JO Valencia st.,
j WATKIN*. anctioneer.
A(\ HOICKS FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1" buggies, carts, harness; Graml Arrade Horsj
Market, 327 biithst.: aueiloa Ales every W«a-
Li-sday. bULLI VAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
J of giMxl harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St., S. F.
Cfk UEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbusiness 900 to 150'J rounds. Oid Turk-st. cat
etables. 1801 Turk: team of Isrsre young mulei.
WAGOJiS AND t.ii:i;i.\ ,i.>.
BAKERY WAGON, EXPRESS, BUSINESS
buggy, extrusion top rockaway. 1634 Mission.
BUTTKK, EGG, PRODUCE WAGON; ONE
camping wagon; cheap. J34oTurkst.
rpANDEM CART; 6-SfcAT TOP CARRIAGE;
I. 5-elasi lundmr. nearly new. O'BtUEN <fc
SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye.
"VT>.W AND I-KCOSD-UA.ND BAKER, LAUN-
-.1 dry and tniik wagon: also line top buggy and
rockaway. 818 Harrison St.
PROPOSALS.
PHOPUSALS FOR MILITARY SUPPLIES— 3tI
New Mcntgoniery si.. San KrancUro, Cal.,
April 26. 1897. .Sealed proposals in triul c»te will
b» received here until 11 O*ctork a. M. May V:7.
1897, ft-.d ihe-i ope- ed for furnishing this depoc
for supply or .xtHlionery. Pack-iHdd c Blankets.
Hardwaie. Horse ai d Mv c MMeK Ua'v. Iron
Bucke's, Aic^ho.. I'ackln? Boxes. Stable Broom ■,
LeHth^r. Oils, and otn^r uiiscellaneotis stores.
Preference wi 1 b»» given to articles t>f domestic
production and manufacture, conditions <f pnc«
and qua Uy bel.ii; equal (inctu.ilni: in the price of
reign proJuctions and manufactures the duty
thereon), and suca preference givun to articles of
American production and manufuc ure prodncrd
on tne I'acific Coast to ibe exu> i of the consump-
tion requ red by the public service there. I 1,«
United States reserves the right to xccept or reject
any or nil proposuls or any part thereof, Propos <U
forde'lver/ at other t>>in a will be 'Cnier.tlned.
informaiiOT f aruteltcd on app icatton. Envelope*
will be indor-ea -I'r.iiuMulti for supplier" and ail-
dresiert JAS. M. MOORB, As^lstani Uiurtermas-
ter-Uenernl, U. s. Army, Dnpot Quartermaster.
UUAL NOTICES.
THK CALIFUHNIA DEBRIS COMMISSION"
X having received applicaMons to mine by tlie liv.
draulic process fro;.i CHARLES and BEN HOW-
LETT. In the Howlelt claim, near Columbia Hill,
Nevada County, to deposit talllnus In Knapp l;»-
-viue, and from the Marguerite Gravel and Quartz
Mining tompa.'iv. in tne .Murgu- mine, in
Kureka 31 imng district. Nevada county, todeposlc
teilinss In a ravine, gives notice that a nieating
will be held at room 68. Flood building. San Fr' n-
clsco, Cal.. ou May 10, 1897, at 1:30 p. v. ■
ITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
V' Francisco, April 15. 1897.— In compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Boara o: Supervisors, approved *September 15
IHBO, there will be sold at public auction by K. s.
bpear <& Co., at their salesrooms, »l and Hi -utter
street, on •
MONDAY, MAY 17. iS-gPi
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen. loit
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, ; s detailed in on inventory
thereof on tile in the cfßce of the clerk of tne
Boaro* oi Supervisors, and consisting of jewe ry
.wearing apparel, phtoU knives, etc.: also a lot of
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the corouerof this city and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale.
• A. C. WIIIBKK,
City tad County Tieasuxcz.
78
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of tbeSan Francisco Cat.i.—
TlO Market street, open lAtll 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery itreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
61S Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street open
ntll 9 o'clork.
2518 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock
167 Ninth streft; open until 9:-iO o'cloclj,
1505 Po.k street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: op.>n till 9 ■ 'Cl< ok. *
I
NOTICE OK MEETINGS. }
»^SS" GOLDEN GATE COMMINDKRV
m<£r No. 16, K. T.. v.oden • 'ate buildlnc. TSjw*
t 25 Sutter — spe ial assembly THI" ff^z
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. !he Order if UP
the Red Cross wili be ronlerred. Allfrateis V
are courteously invited.
CHARLE-s 11. MURPHY, Em. Com.
William T. Fonda. Recorder.
itr-p KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO m
It-*' 260. F. and A. .M.. cor. Geary anc", A
steiner sts. - 'a: ■: mettinij Tills (M • VV !
DAY)EVr.NING a. 7:30 o'clock. Thirrf/%rN I
degree, y.y order of the Master. ■
HAKRV BAEHR, Secr«(ary.
f^-g» OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. m ;
l^-5 r and A. M.— Called meeting THIS /\
(MON AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Y2f
Third degree. By order of the W. M. /V> i
EDW. F. DKLGER. Secretary.
ry SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER m
mr~& Na 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets J%
THIS EVENING. i:. A degree. "Sfjf
H. G. PRINc: . secretary. /V>
mrSF THE IRISH NATIONALIST- 0
m*& and their friends are cor.lial.y Invited J^a :
to attend the twenty-eighth grand nnnuai re-KJr^
nnlon and picnic given under the ansplcesol * ce * | P'
the KnighU of tne Red Branca In SUell Mound I
Park, Berkeley, on SUNDAY, May •_•
■ ■:- -■ - ill iC committee.
special notices.
wCt§> the pacific HEBREW OKPHan
mr-^ Asvluni and Home Socie-y hereby give
notice that they have admitted Into the orpbanagu
from January 1, 1897, to .late, th" following half-
orptaan girls and boys. viz. : I)av:d Joseiin, aged !
10 years 10 months; Robert Joseph, .■•ged 8 years I
5 months; -Milton Jurescli, aged 3 years: Dottie
Muyer, aged 10 years: Ifiva 11. Murks, aced 3
years: William Silverman, aged 13 years: David
Biiverman, aged 11 years; Joseph siiverman, aged
8 years; her; Silverman. aged 4 years 6 montns:
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; lialph Deuicb,
ased 8 years.
f^gF C. I> TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED j
**-*' to redeem trunk at 1654 Market su
R^S=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4: I
■fc-*^ rolle< t ons made: city or country. Pariflc I
Collection <0.. 415 Montey st., room 6: teL 5580.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FE3IALE.
CWEDISH HOUSEGIRL; GOOD COOK AND I
kJ laundress; bes' o: reference: city or couniry;
$20. MRS. NOR. 314 suiter.
BY A CHRISTIAN LADY, POSITION AS I
housekeeper for elderly coup c or family of
adults or care for invalid: .moderate wages. Ad-
dress for 3 days 1., box 19, Call Office.
IOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION-
c;:yor country: cood cook, baker and lauu-
dress: competent k-nur-e wants position also-
reft rences. 103 Eighth st.
pERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION IN
VX ptlvate family to do housework. 1024 How-
ard st., room 10.
TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
O tlon; $10 a month. A. M., box 97, Call.
OITUATION \VANTEI) FOR HOUSEWORK
O or cooking: wag.-s $15 to $i'O; city or coun-
try. Apply 25 Howard couru
PANISH LADY WISHES POSITION AS
O housekeeper cr chambermaid. Call ai 1104 a
Clay sl
yOCNO GIRL WISHES PLACE TO ASSIST
-1- in linht housework or take care o; child. Call
at 42.: Hayes s;.
"VTOUNG NORWEGIAN GIRL Dt SIRES A
X. place in a Chiis:ian family to do gener-l house-
work. I>7 FoUom su
l» OMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO COOK- !
'» m^-. iiousework and plain waduiug; wages
$10. Apply 924 Washington st.
■VOCNU LADY (STRANGER) WANTS PKR-
X manent position as housekeeper; no objection
to children. Room 3, 223 Post.
pOMPETENT AND TRUSTWORTHY YOUNG
\J lady, with practical experience, desires posi-
tion to do office work: understands book^eeiin?.
B:enography, typewriting; owns machine: also
understands d rT>r«nt branches of Insurance; in-
surance office preferred. CaU or address E. L_
708 Sho.well st., San Francisco.
"WIDOW I RuM COUNTRY WISHES A PoSI-
»" tion as housekeept-r for wido»er or bachelor;
will do me:.diu»!. Call after 12, 120 KUis sl, room
17. stcjud floor.
A MIABLE AND ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
—A. French widow desires permanent position as
housekeeper in ho:el. Da helor s or widower's
home; no objec ion to country. K.2, 120i/ Oe»ry.
I ADY SEi.KS POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS
-i in hotel or Institution, or to take charge of
linen-room in hotel. Address X., box 65, CalL
YOUNG LADY PREPOSSESSING AND Ri:.
X. fined wants a place in bachelor's or widower's
bom- is housekeeper; no objection to couniry
223 Post St., rooms 8 aud 9.
-WOMAN WANTS WORK; ANY KIND;
' ' real, sew, neat housekeeper, cook or care of
children; terms suit times; hour, day, week,
evening or month; ciiy or couniry. U. V., box
16. all.
OSITION IN HOTEL AS CHAMBERMAID;
city or country. Address box 935. San Rafael
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL: GOOD COOK AND
O housekeeper; best relerences. Call or addresa
74 Blake sL
KESPECTABLE WOMAN DEbIRES WORK
XX of any kind by the week; >■ ould work for
sma.l wages and sleep borne; references given, b
Mint aye.
yon.NG eastern widow, experienced
J. as houB- weeper, desires a place in hoiel, bach-
eior's or wiaower's home: no onjecilon 10 coun.
try. 223 Post sL, roum 1.
■WANTED-BITUATION TO DO CHAMBER-
»T work and sewinx in private family: no care
of children: rity or country. Address Miss j
box 48, Call Offire.
SITUATION WANTED TO DO GENER\L
housework aod cooking by competent woman-
city or country. Address A. B. C, box 19, Call. '
pERMAN WOMAN WANTS CLEANING IN
vJ store or office, or a few boura'woric by the day
Apply at 20 Freelon st. "■'■.■
POSITION DESIRED AS COMPANION AND j
J. nurse with invalid or aged lady, medical refer -
ences. 15S0 Eddy st.; afternoons
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
-TV- lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place,
©r will be companion. 122 Post st.. room 2.
RrSSMAKER AND DESIGNER WOULD
like a few more engagement by the day
•150. Addre« A. B, call Branch Office, Six-
teenth and .Mission sis-
T ADY OF I-XPi.RIENCE WISHES SITUA-
J-i tion as housekeeier; no objection to country.
1007 Market .si., room 7.
■MOM.AN WANTS WASHING BY THE DAV-
it $1 and carfare. Call 717 Tehama su, nr. Bth!
yOUXO LADY DESI;;ES PO-*ITIOK AS
X housekeeper or companion. 1346 Market s-
room 2. . '•
ASTERN WIDOW, LATE OF FIFTH ST '
desires position as housekeeper. *U9 Iddvst' i
room 12. * '
WKDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
washing or housecleaniog by the day. 2308
Twenty-third sL
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES TO DO
light wurk or sewing in exchange for nice
room. A. L., box 69, Call.
•WANTED— BY COMPETENT BEAMSTK£S«
»» family sewing and children's domes. Ad-
dress MRS. 8., box 152, Call.
ASTiiKN YOUNG LADY, ACCOMPLISHED
an 1 experienced, wants a place as housekeeper
In bachelor's or widower's home. Room 2. 223
Post st.
"yoUN<;. ATTRACTIVE WIDOW WOULD
X linti a situation as honsekeeper; city or coun-
try, Apoly 138 Fourih st., room 4.
PEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES PO-I-
Jt tion a« a companion; best of references. Call
1111 sutterst.
WANTED-SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEP.
" er. 516 Kearny st., room 3.
"\rOUNO LADY DESIRES A POSITION AB
X nurse to an invalid, helpless person or an in-
fant. Address 2805 Sixteenth sL. cor. Folsom.
"yOU NO AND ATTRACTIVE EASTERN
X. lady desires permanent plac? In bachelor's or
widower's home as housekeeper: no objection to
children. 223 Post sL, room 11, second floor.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NKAR MIS
slon; branch office ot T— a C__U bute
scriptions and want ads taken.
XPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
1 like position in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred Ap^iy b8 Ninth au,
room 17; call after 11 a. it
YOUNG WIDOW DESIRKS POSITION AS
housekeeper. Call 120 a Eddy st., room 7.
UPERIOR SWEDISH LAUNDRESS AND
chambermaid desires situation; reference*;
City or couniry. 823 Sutter. «e_i*«.
(STTrATIONS WANTED-ContinTiM.
RESI'HCiAIiLK CiEKMAN MIDDLK-AGED
X\i man and wife wish positions In boarding-
house: wile pood coi.k: man to do chores. Apply
this office or 130 Secoiui st.
-youNG Parisian lady in reduckd
X circumstances d.-sirei a lucrative position as
housekeeuer in hotel. wiJower's or bachelor's
houie; will do pl-tin sewins;. 1122 MarKet, rrn. 31.
"yoUNO LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
J- housekeeper's S'lace; good liigjiositiou: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
orcouu>ry. Rooms 10 anJ 11, 122 Post st-
(>-\ r LARKJN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul<J CALL, subscriptions and wautads taken.
\\r NTED— Sl UATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
II in citi- or country, or position a» stt-ward ss
on a deep-water vesseL Apply 109 Grant aye.,
room 12.
f«l r; LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Uli) CALL. Subscriptions and want uds taken.
GOOD GIRL, 14 YEARS OLD, WANTS PLACE
'i In family 10 work or attend children, v. D.,
box 13, OallOflta*
EiTUATioNa WANTED malk.
CHINKSK. tt JA I'ANISE; EST'D 20 YKArtS;
help:tel.mHin 1997. BRADLEY <fc Co. .640 Clay
_ _^ _______ _
HI N I ER <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN
employment office,' removed 10 014>/a Califor-
nl» sl. near Kearny. 'lei. main 23L
CHINKS' AND JAPANXSK EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414V 3 O'i'arreil. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE. CHINKSK J-MI'LOYMT OFFICE:
O waiters, housecleaners. 30 Geary: teL red 143.
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPEN i-.SK EM-
ploymeut olhce. 01 ii. Busbsu, nr. Grant aye.
JAPANESE INT_L_IGENCE AGENCY. R.
. 90, St. Ann's bl'g, b Eddy sL: tel ->;ain 5234.
TTOIING MAN AND WIFE WANTS SITUA-
— . ti<iiis as cook and waitress; <Tty ir country:
si»;.k French. i.a.iac and German languages;
good references. Address Man and Wile, box 23,
Call office.
pENTLEMAN WISHES POSITION AS CIIY
vl drummer or collector; had experience: Dest
of <■: reuce; al*oi<o:.d: ucqualuud wlih grocers
and bakers; wages no object. Address J. B, box
37, Call.
QITUATION WANTED BY A CUTTFR; REF-
O erences clven. ddres-. S. P., 8)4 l.ar. in st.
VTOT.TO WOKK. BUT TO MANAGE, SUI'ER-
J-i intend or prepare for sale landed properties,
an elderly single gentleman ot broad experu is
oumi for eniployment. Aduress b,x *-, Cluver-
dule. Cal.
LANDSCAPE-GARDENER AND FLORIST;
20 ears' experience; good reference* ; wi&hes
position. Address L. noiliii; I', banta Clara.
COLOUED MAN WOULD J.lKl. MORNING
work in exchange or room, etc 815 Stuckio.l
St., room 13.
I OV, 16 YEARS. WISHES A SITUATION:
'J pood reference from last position. itiUS urove
SL, downstairs.
JAiANESr. SCHOOLBOY WANTS I'LACE I
to wor< in Alameda. Y. S., 1640 Everett su, !
Alameda.
«
VOUSU MAN WANTS WORK AT JiOUsE-
X. painting in city or country. Address Paiuter,
box 91, Call Office.
_
T7»IRST - CLASS PAINIER AND PAPER-
X lianirer wnnis iosition; city or country. Ad-
dress L, U., box b'9, Call.
T N 1 LLKIENT, K X PERIENCED WORKER
X wants to te_e care of s.enileiuan's place; thor-
oughly uuders'.atids cardening. borsea, poultry,
milking; strictly sooer .id reliable. Address
JOHN DIST, P. o. Alameda.
I AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
i'A ple, private place; man understands cure of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work; wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Acdress J., box 54, Call oilire. I
SOBER, STEADY GEIOIAN LOOKING FOR
housework. Address C. HaRTMaNN, oer-
man Hospital.
QTRICTLY SOBER OLD GERMAN, WELL
UJ recommended, wants light work around house,
gardoi or stable; city or neighborhood: wages *4
moutbly. Address i-:. P., box 76, Call office.
pO-MPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER, ITH
\J tools, wants work for private parties, by the
day or piece work; will work chtap. Address
Paint, box 79, this office.
pit LARKIN— BRANCH OFFK B OP THE
k/XO CALL, Subscriptions and want, ads taken.
VOUXO MASSEUR AND Mhllll'Al. G M-
X n Ist, speaks several languages, wishes a p ace
to attend invalid, travel or summer rt-sorL Ad-
dress V. A., box 10, call.
•\\r ANTED— POSITION AS DRaUOUTSMaN
II in architect's office; salary no object; good ref-
erences. Address H. C, box 10, Call.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND \\ ANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken nt brauua cliico. 335» Uayea st»,
open until 9:30 o'clock.
/'I - LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yJXO CALL. Subscriptions au.l want ads taken.
MAS AND WIFE WANT ANY KIND OF
IVI work; city or country. l42Townseud,lnrear.
(>1 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JXkJ CALL: .subscnntiona ami want ads taken.
NTED— SITUATION AS MINE FORE-
I* man by a practical miner, wita best of refer-
ences. Address Miner, box 60, Call Office.
B RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
JAPANESE (VERY YOUNO BOY) WANTS
situation as schoolboy; : wages no object. Ad-
dress T. s., box 16. this office.
.- »>7 JIOXTOOMKRY CORNER OK li.AY-
i'_. I Open untl 9:3U o clock; branch otlicu 01
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. takea
ANTED-BY A YOUNO MAN A PO-<l-
-tion as porter and shipping clerk; has had
6V2 years' experience in last place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call office.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
II Market: 200 rooms. 26c o $150 per night:
$1 50 to $«J per week; convenient and re.specl.able.' ,
tr»f bus and hatzaze io an f trorn tfce lerry.
U3JAI.K HELP WASTED.
"I\rANTED— GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK,
1* city, $35; uerman boardlnK-uouse cook, short
dlsaiiCL- in country. $30; German nurse. $25;
French nurse, $25: French gir:, housework. 520;
German cook and housework, $2& to i','i; (<ercuan
second, name place, $20 to *25. LEON ANDRE,
308 Stockton st.
_______ ___ _ ,
GIRL FOR BUCHANAN ST.. $15: GIRI,
VJ Redwood City. *15; girl, Steiner, $16; girl,
WashitiL-toTi st.. $15; girl, 1 ivermore, $15; glil,
Lacuna, $15: cirl, California, $15; girl, Buchanan.
$16: girl. Fulion. $15: girl. Broderlcic. $16: girl,
HowarJ sl. if ]5: rl. Harrison St.. *16; girl, Ta»-
lor St., $15: girl, Gilrcy, cal., Sl5; girl, Go'deu
Gate r.ve.,sl&; girl, Oakland, $15; girl, Fell st.,
$15; girl, 1 wenty-seiond sl., $15; girl. Turk St.,
$15: 25 to 30 yonng girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month, assist, eta MARTIN it CO., 749 Market.
WAITRESSES, $5 A WEEK; 10 GOOD WAIT-
"I resses. «20 and room, city and country: 6
good chambermaids, $20 and room, and wniisome:
3 women cooks. $30 and room: cook, minlngcamp.
see party 9to 10 a m. ; waitress, Am dor Co. 2
waitresses, small places, $3 50 a we*k; 3 wait-
resse", no Sunday work: girl for Sania Cruz: cirl
for Monterey; girl for Alameda: waitress for San
Jose; waitress for Trucke— MARTIN <fc CO.,
749 Market st.
SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, $20; GIRL FUL-
-0 toii 81, $17; (tlrl, Gougb street. $20; eiri.
Broadway. $20: girl, Nlles, Cal.. $20: girl Scott
Rt.. $20: girl, Berkeley. E2O; 2 girls, Oaklai/d, $20.
MA KTIN iV CO., 749 Market si.
1 n GOOD WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HO-
X\J tels; 6 «rood chambermaids and wait. $20 and
room; 3 cooks, $30 and room. MARTIN _; CO.,
749 Market St.
TTEAD-WAITRESS, $30 AND ROmM; 3 SIDE
11 waltrt s«es, same house, $i! 0 and room; also
chambermaid and wait, $20 and room. MAR-
TJ N <_ CO.. 749 MarKetst.
MAN AND WIFE' AS COOK AND WAlT-
ress, or mother and daughter; call early.
MAKTIN <fc CO., 749 Market su
1 ii WAITRI.WSES, RESORT .HOTEL, MAY 1,
J--J $20 and room. MARTIN <t CO., 749 Mar-
ket st.
TREADWAY, WAITRESS. PLEASE
XJ cail at MARTIN & CO'K, 749 Market gt.
1 Ai<Y attenßant, electric baths. !
l-« MARTIN <fc CO., 749 .Market sL I
SECOND GIRL FORSANMATEO: $25; SEE
party here. MARTIN <t CO., 749 Market st. 1
■\Y AITKESS IfOB AN INSTITUTION: $25
IT room, etc. Ma KTIN <fe CO., 749 Market st.
TRONER KOR FRESNO, CAL., $S5. MARTIN '.
X <t CO., 749 Market st.
GIRLS EXPERIENCED FOR BOX FACTORY
UT work. MARTIN CO., 749 Market si. :
1 f\ LADY CANVASSERS AND SOLICITORS:
A\J good pay. iti l.s & t 0.. 749 Market st. '
TRONER FOR STEAM LAUNDRY, FRESNO,
-i- $35; chambermaid, country, $20: waitress
country hotel, $20; waitress, ho:el, city. $20; 4 '
girls, housework on ranch near city, $20: girl for ■
Alameda, housework, $20: 2 tlrls. housework,
Oakland. $15 and $18: 6 girls, housework, city,
$-'0; H gir s. housework, $16. C. R. IiANSEji <fc
CO., 110 Geary st.
"I ADY CLERK FOR THIS OFFICE: ONE
JJ who speaks some language besides i- nclish
and bus woikea in employment office before pre- '
ferred. C R. HAN&EN & , 0.. 110 Geary su
pOMPETENT GIRL FOR COOKING AND
\J general housework: references required. CaU •
at 909 Broderick st., uear G ldea Uaut aye. be-
tween 9 and 12 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 3IONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
HFT.P WAJiTKD-Contlnn»-l.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, HLEKP HOME. $20:
French nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN, a 23
Sutter sl. ■
C^OOK AND SECOND GIKL: $.'5 M) $20;
v^ Minie house: cou try. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutterst.
COOK; SMALL RDINO - HOUSE; «3a
MISS CULLEN, 323 su ter
9 NEAT WAITRESSES; $15 KACII; SAME
— bouse, Mls^ CULLEN, 323 SutlfrsL
pOLORED NURSr, i«12; CHILD 4 YEA::S.
yjMIOa CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
"VMjUNO CHAMBERMAID; INSTITUTION-
-I $^0. MISS CULLEN, 3.3 SuUer.
CASHIER AND WAIT SOME, $20; COUN-
try. MISS CULLEN, 323 >utter.
WAITRESS, MKNLO PA.K^ $16! MISS
II CULLi.N, 323 Sutterst.
pERMAN SEAMSTRESS, $25. MISS CUL-
VJT Li-.N, 31:3 Sutter sL
T EAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT WORK, $10.
iN Miss CULLEN, 3**3 Sutterst.
OOK, $40; GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND
sew,s26. MISSCL Li.EN, >ut. erst.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, EUREKA; «25. MISS
CULLEN, 523 Suiter st.
\y A NTKD— NUMBER OP GIRLS TO FILL
II variou* situations: wages from $10 to »25-
MRS. HIRD. 723 Ellis.
pERMAN NURSEGIRL. $.5; HOUSEGIRL.
VT 2 in family, $25; pirl, light work, $15; house-
girl, couniry. $20. MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutler.
"WAN i ED— NEAT GIRL FOR <ENERAL
II hrus.-werk; references; small faml:y; wages
$15. 191Ja Bush su
GlhL OR BUY TO ATTEND D.JORBELL
VJ from sto 7: pia:,o lesaons in exchuuK . a. 8.,
box 81. Call OlUce.
/■■<lßi FOR HOUSEWORK: KHAN
VJ iamily; plain cooking; small washing; $25.
<21 Elils st.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN iiOU-H X:
knowledge oi cooking: small family. B^6
H;.h,hts:.
■\y ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
IT housework aud 2 children. Call 29.16 Wash-
ington SL /
GIRI., ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 2
in family; $lv; b t. 9.n 1 11. 1918 a Goiden
Gate aye.
■yOUNG GERMAN GIRL, GENERAL HOUSE-
X. wurk; small lamily; no children. 1512 Devisa-
dero sL
• pOMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL UOUSE-
\J work: Germau or Swedisb preferred. 1218 a
Fulton su
pIRL AS API'RENTI- F : 'EXPERIENCED
VJ on c uui coats. 33£> sixth si., nr. llarrisun.
Xf\ LADIES FOR BALLET. AUDITORIUM
*J\J Theater, from 9 to 12 a. m.
j . —^—^— _^__^^_____ _____^__
fMRL, FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
VJ Apply at 1 311 Goldeu Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED APPRKNTICEON CUSTOM
coats. 411Va Kearny «L, second tioor.
/ i IRI. FOR housework; small family.
VJ 9-'6cFulton st., after 8 o'clock.
A-OUNG WOMAN 1O DO HOUSEWORK;
X sleep lionie. Apply 201 Powell St.
GIRL WAN'ii-D KOR LIUUT HOUSEWORK:
no washin ;. A^iy 224 Vi Oak si.
EXPERIENCED GIRL TYPESETTER. AP-
ply 622 Ciay, room 9, 3 o'clock.
4 PPRENTICE ON PANTS. 25SANJCARLOS
Xi. aye , off Eishtteuth St., near Mi^iun.
A PPRENTICE OF SOME EXPERIENCE ON
XV. custum coats: salary. •-OSI4 N«ve:ith si.
I BAKKKT BRANCH OFFICE OF 1 UjS
I Call; want itds and subscriptions taken.
IpiRST-CLASS TAILORKSS ON CUSTOM
P coats; steady work. sIDLOWSKL 410 Kearuy
s;.. room 32.
' A N T E D-2 SMALL, SINGLE FURNISHED
l» rooms for youns man aud luother;. .Addruss
E. L. p.", 808 Mission sl
___^ ■ -- .
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF 1 Hbi
Call: want ads and subscriptions taiten,
IRL ABOUT 16TO ATTEND TO GALLERY.
Adarets 150^ I'olk su
L ISHEKS, ALSO APPRENTICE; PAID
-I while l»«r:. ing; custom pa:its 923\ a l-'ol.-om su
OPERATOKS ON GENTS' WIUTK SHIRTS.
ROUKRSON'S, 521 Valencia sL
O| C LARKIN— BRANCH OFI-ICE OF THK
yJX.O Call: subscriptions and warn ads. taken.
BEST AND Ql ICKEST PLACE ON KAHTU
X> to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
2^c; call nnd >>-c our mammoth 'lusu.uiion.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post SL
SF. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO' L— FRENCH
. tailoring taufiht; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
V! OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECfABLK;
l»i- lncnester Hous». 44 'lhird sl, near Market
20J rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to i
p«r week: iree 'bus ana lianas* lo and trom terry.
('I C LARKIN— OFFICE OF THE
VJ.I 1) CA IL. SubsiTiptlnns anit iranl Hd taken.
HALE HIXP WANTED.
A NTED— 2 CREAMERY BUTTER MAK-
II ers, $rlOand $35 arid found and Increase; 2
assistant gardeners, $15 and $25 and found;
blncksmlth, country, t'6o and founl and increase;
sarmers, $15, $20 aid $-5; 2 oilier-boys, ity,
$2 50 and $3; ottice-boy, country, *7 am found;
woudchoppers, 7Uc. $1 and $1 25 cord: shingle
and shnke bolt makers: 2 bellboys. $.0 and
found: second cook, restaurant, $50: waiters,
dishwashers a:id others. Aoply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St.
\\! A NT ED- A LL MEN LOOKING FOR WORK
II to call on W. D. EWElts CO., the old, relia-
ble employment agents: all positions advertised br
ns are guaranteed, and fees and fares are refunded
If there are not positions where we send our men:
twenty years of str»icht business has proven tnat
our word la our bond. W. D. EWEB.Sc CO., 626
Clay st.
ANTED-BI.ACKSMITH AND PAINTER
II for Nevada, $50 and tound: floor a coun-
try blacksmitb-sbop. $2 day: r..n. blacksmith,
$.5 am! found; cooper, oOr per package and board,
W. D. EW ER CO., 66Ciay sL
\yANTED-2 CHOREBOYS FOR CITY. $10
'I and found; choreboy, G-rman preferred, tor
nice place in country, with chance of raise, good
home, $10 and found: choremau, middle-aged, foi
gentleman's plare In city. .$.O and found; German
boy forgiocery-store in city, $15 and louud. W.
D. EWi R fc C0., 626 Clay St.
"WANTED— S FARMERS FOR LARGE VINE-
II yard company, long !ob, $20 and founa: 2
farmers for 010 County. .*^o and $26 and found-
-3 farmers for Sonoma County, $15 and found- 2
milkers, San Joaquin County, $20 and $25 W
D. EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay su
"WANTED-BUTCUER FOTTHE COUNTRY;
II must under laud his business: long Job: $25
to $30 and found. W D. EWER <fe C0.,626C1ay.
VyANTEO-COOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL,
II must be first class, $li 0; cook for restaurant
In city, $60: cook for city, $12 a week: waiter,
nice place, near city, $35. \V. D. EWER & CO..
626 Ciay sl
W"ANTED— BLACKSMITH TO RENT SHOP
II in Stanislaus Countr; splendid proposition to
good man. For particulars call at W. D. EWER
& CO.'S, 626 Clay st.
'JOS MEN ANTED, FROM $16 TO $80 PER
•'—*-' month and found. Following aro a few of
them: &0 teamsters, 1 aud 2 horses, for a laree
bank company, $20 and found: 40 farmers, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $v 5, $20 and *15; 4
boys to do chores on ranches', $10 ana $8: , 7
milkers, il lYeivni pluces; rhl SSI mslLSl, i|;;{. r >; 20
lab -rers, city and counlrr, $1 61) day, $20. found;
6 strong youn? men to learn a trade; 3 leamsters,
city work: xh-ej sheaer; choreman, private resi-
dence, $15: man us<"d to racing slock as a rubuer,
see boss here: young man to woric iti k rheese fac-
tory, near city; 7 blacksmiths and horseshoers,
shops and camp, city and country, *2 50 a day,
45 and found, and 3 ranch blacksmiths: b!ack-
Hmiih helper: wlie-lwrlijht and woodworker, $2 60
day, fee boss h-re Mo.-iday at 7:30 a. k. : painter
and kalsomlner for »n instttutlou, near city: 20
drillers, $1 7:>dav, quarry work: blacksmith to
run a Countr.- Mliop on shares. MURRAY &
READY, Leading imploymenl Agenu, 634 and
636 clay st.
ROCERY CLERK, COUNTRY STORE. $40.
see boss at our office Monday, T: II a. v '6
cooks. $30. $40, 550 and $70; 3 wallers, $25 and
$30; 3 dishwashers: bell boy. hotel; cabin boy.
$10 and found: ranch cook; 2 Jap cooks and oth-
ers too numerous to advertise. MURRAY .t
READY, Lea<llnz Employment, Agents, t>34 and
636 Clay St.: telephon. 5848.
TURNER FOR A COUNTRY 1 NG-MILL
X and furniture factory; $2 50 v day. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
2 QUARTZ -V.IXEK& WHO CAN STRIKE
single and double, $2 75 a day: 2 Scandi-
navian or German qtiarz miner-. $2 75 a day;
farmer for Sacramento County. $20: farmei for
Glenn County, $:0: farmer for Tulare 1 ounty,
♦20; farmer for fruit ar.d poultry ranch, $20*
C. R. HANSEN & 0.. 110 Geary sL
T AUNDRY^AN AND WIFE TO WASH
Xj and lion, country laundry, $50; lroner un
Tiler machine, country laundry, $36. U. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 G«ary
HAMPOOER FOH TURKISH BATH, $40- 2
shampooers for springs. C. R, HANSEN &
CO., 110 tieary St.
ISHWASHFR FOR SPRINGS, $20 AND
fare advanced: dishwasher lor sprints, $10.
C. R. HANSKN i CO., 110 Ceary st.
i> CULLEN, 323 Sutterst. F£R MO:;TIL
C^OOD BUSHELMAN WANT&D AT BA-
VJ I'll ALL't, 9 K.eaxny sL ax . it A
■ -
fTFT,P WAJfTED-rnntlnn^.
MAN AND WIFE AS COOK AND WAIT
fblr, $35: wntier, $5 a week: German cook,
535 and room: waiter. *30: second cook. $30 and
room ; cook, $7 a week; cook. $10 a week ; cook,
SJS and room; dishwasher, *i week. M.iRT.N
«t CO.. 749 Market st.
MINERS; BURI.F.IUH MACHI.\E: INGKR-
soII drill; position ns foreman if suitable; see
P rty in office 9 to 10 a. If. Monday. M AKTIN
CO.. 749 Market SU.
\IJLKKR .O GO SOUTH. MAKTIN <fe CO.,
i'l 74» Market st
CARR BLACKSMITH; SOME WOOD-
work. M ARTIN <fc Co.. 749 Market at.
RANCH HAND; *15. MARTIN <t CO., 749
My.rKe: st.
PASTRY COOK FOR MAY 1; J6O AND
room. MARTIN «fc CO., 749 Market at.
LEATHER BELT WOHKER: CALL EARLY
Monday. MARTIN <fc CO.. 749 Market St.
COOK, COUNTRY TAU RANT. $10 A
week and room: diswasher, country hotel. $15;
2 men to run mowers. $20; 2 men for havtield,
$L 0; 2 farmhands, near city, $15; 5 woodrhop-
p r.s, 4-foot 'ive oak; vineyard hands, $20 and
$15: tailor; ollic- boy, $3 a week. R. T. WAKD
.S CO., 608 and 610 Clay St.
OTEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
O orders in store and collect; experience uoi nec-
ess-.ry ; must have *I£.O cash and be satisfied with
$18 per week to start. 777 Market St., rooiu 7.
T>RESSER ON CUSTOM COATS: GOOD
X w££es; steady wort. 291 Natoma su (formerly
Kvere;t). near Fourth.
TWO MEN WITH $5 EXPENSE MONEY C
secure permanent positions la country town.
Apply at 9 Geury st., room 2.
BOY TO ASSI.VT IN OFFICE AND EXPERl-
euced In typewriting; reference. Address
H. O; box 99, CalL
"iy ANTED— FIKSTCLASS BOOTBLACK. 2t>o
' » Thira at.
YOUNG TAILOR WANTED. 1205 KEN-
X tucky su, Potrero. 9KTVB
DISHWASHEB WANTED. 432 FIFTH
XJ streeu
\l" ANTED-GOOI) COATMAKER, TO WORK
''inside. 14 McAllister St., room 19.
IKSI' - CLA.>B TAILOR WANTED. 340
-T Th.rd su
WA N TED — CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH
'» helper; understands finishing. 628 Harrison.
\\r ANTED — COATMAKER TAILOR. 449
■ ' Minna bu
i'.OY, AGKIi 16 VICARS, RESIDING WITH
1 parents: rvfeieuces requireJ. 130 Powell su
ANDSOMK CANDY-STORE FOR SALE
cheap; part cash; investigate. 427 Kearny.
OAKLAND 15c BARBER KHOP; CENTRAL
location; sickness cause Oi seillcg. M. X.,
box 11, Cuil Office, Oiiklaud.
"LMRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIKS 1 CLOTH
X coals and .suits; apply immediately. 11.
UlCßlia vt CO., -1.^5 Pos. St.
/"CARPENTERS WANTED— IO GOOD SWED-
CA HP ENTERS WANTED— IO GOOD SWED-
\J ish cnrpentirs ard one Swedish foreman, who
can snow they are good mechanics, industrious
and trustworthy; good opportunity to t>uitable
par tea. Address S. C. t>o\ 98, all Office.
OUTH SKA ISLANDS; BAl:K MEHMAID
0 will sal: May 15. Part.i-s wlihln; to j .iv the
expedition must apply atouce to A. 8. LuWNDEs,
room 6, .'.iij Battery sU
\\r ANTED— AMATEUR JUGGLERS, TUM.
»» biers, contortionists, comedians, etc., for va-
r.o company going on t>.e road: also ladies
doing ialty. C. R., box 95, Call Oflice.
DTANTKO-A MAN TO LEASE A TAMALE
'» parlor with object to buy on installment; is In
r.r-'-< runniug order: ou y necessary to p.y
rent : must come well recommended. Apply 422
rieventh St., near 1 roadway. Oakland.
>\')l' MISSION BRANCH OFFICE Oi*
_«'—!' 'luk Call; MiOscnptluiu kuj wauS aUs
laken.
\\T ANTED — JAI'ANNEH FOR TINWARE.
>» Apply UKORGK H. TAY CO., 61<S tatiery.
I>ABTY HAVING SMALL CAPITAL CAN
X aecure situation. B. A,, box 47. Call.
V*? ANTED— MAN WITH $150 To ACT AS
" trea^u^er of variety lomptfn.v going oq the
road. Mau. ger, C. B , box 95, Call Office.
L'XI'EIUENCED YOUNG MAN TO DRUM
XJ tot turn fixtures on commission basis. 623
Golden Gate aye.
inner waiter and DIMIWASHER.
116 Turk s<^ rear, cal after b a. m-
O'lli- iil-SloN — M BsfKil'TiUX-t ANi»
— <->— O want adj lakeu (or THE CALL.
r A.\'TED — STEADY MAN WITH $100:
i» olllce and commission business; will clear
$75: security given. 1118 Market su, roooi 2.
"\\rA.M'KD- PURCHASER FOR MILLINERY
'» bu-n.es-" on Market SU; price S3OO. SPECK
«t CO.. 602 Market.
I COFFEE SALOON: RECEIPTS *50 DAILY;
\J n<*»r i,ronic:t>; cheap for casn. SPECK <fc
CO., bO2 y..-.r*>-..
COATMAKKRS WANTED. APPLY AT ll
\J a. M. at sr.vensonsu entrance to CHARLES
LYONS', London Tailor, 7-1 Market su
•_>O|) HAVKS-BRAMH OFFICE OF THIS
OO'J Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
\\T ANTED — EXPERIENCED PKESSERS
M and finishers In urra cotta. Apply Clark's
Pottery, Alameda.
T>ARBERS; 3-CHAIR SHOP AND BATHS;
X> must sell; on account or sickness. 100 Ellis.
p E. S.-MOTHER SICK- WRITE.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUC'HS, 326 Grant
TOURNEY MKN BARIiKBK k:!I'LOVMh.W
0 fce^retarr H. bKtI.NAKI*. 102 Tenth su
A B HERS— GOOD 15-CENT SHOP; MUST
X) sell. 1944 Market, near Gough.
OOQ HAVKS oT.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
000 'liiK Call; »uwtcrjptiou» auu waut ads
taken.
LADII SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
XJ line shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission si.
9()An PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MKN'SSHOES,
*-' i\J\J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fonrth their value, from 75c up to $2 60. 6t>2
Mission »t., bet. First and Second.
Wanted— MEN to learn barber
'» trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138 Vi Eighth,
ELCIiO UOUM-:, tC3^ SIAKKETSi.-i-.uUjU
20c. 25c 10 60c nljht: $1 10 $-' MX
CO7 aIONTUOMEItY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• '_; x.i'l'tiit Call,- want ad* ana uuLucripuooj
taken.
THE ROSED ALE. 321 BLUR- CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market su
WANTKD-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hoass, 217 Third su : 15J.
large rooms; '.'6c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
X SIMON WANTS 100 MKN to ukt BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c ; best fres Inuch. 64SClay.
107 KINTH ST. _ BRANCH OFFICK OK
JU I 'la*; Call; aubscnptiou ana waut ads.
Ukea EUH •
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 centa per night: $L $1 26. $1 60 per weeK.
Pacltic House. Comruercial and Leidesrtorfl sts.
I (\(\ MlfiN TO TAJKK LODOINU Al lOC, 15a
1 UU and 200 a nlgbU Including coK«m aua toiu.
624 Washington hu. near Kearnv.
SINGLE ROOMS 100 AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Uowad.
SW. COR. PIXTKENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tuk Call, (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
Al, ANTED. TOCOLLKCT WAGES DUE LABOR-
»' ersdclerks KNOX Collection Agcr. 10 sutter.
fiMIY ACME lioL.Siv 95/ iIARKiiT ST.. liiC-
X low t-ixth. tor room: t&<: a night: Cl twetlc.
ROOMS, 150 TO 75c PER NIOHT; 500 TO $1 60
XV i*r wee*. Oriental. 226 Drnmm su
VV'ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
*' iHii Call are taken at Branch olUco, iuuiu-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts.
WANTED— SIKtiLA. ROOMS, 150 A DAY; 41
" week; rooms tor 2, 2jo a day. $1 6U • wa*i&;
read room: dally papers. 88 Clay su
\\ r INCHESTKIt HOUSE, 44 THIRD BT M NR.
" Marset: 200 rooms, 250 a night: reading-
room: Jre« bin »n1 t)a-»ne<» to and Jrom th* fernr
AGENTS WANTKD.
AGENTS— a BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles. Commander-in-chief of the United
States army; ful of interesting Indian experi-
ences by itie great Indian flsjhter; one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F. PER-
BOVt Mgr. Subscription Depattment, The Whita-
ker dt Bay Company, 728 Market au
GENTS-A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
-£*- map; best; latest; you can coin ney. F
PERSON, Msr. Subscription Depu, The Whitaker
<fc P.ay Co., 723 Market st.
LADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
XJ tifieis, ptian Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BUI i.k,., 131 Post gt •'.■ , ■
HOL'SKS WANTED.
ANTED— SMALL SUNNY FLAT BET. SUT-
'» ter. Larkin, Market; muat be reasoaable. J.,
box 4-, ib.ii omce.
rCKMTUKK WANTKD
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393, you pet highest ensh paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSE,
etc. STREET* C^CSWBLU Auctioneers,*}^
Market at. rm.Hlti. Houses bought in their entirety.
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICE'S FOX FUBNt-
-1 tun* nnl m-r-hamiUe -• •■ lU'Kr> 211 Larldn.
KOOils WANTED.
RO >M WANTED BY TWO YOUNG LADIES
employed during day; $6; down.o»u. Box
93, Call Office.
BOARD IN» AVAXTED.
t>oom AND BOARD WANTED FOR lady
-Ll/ and 2 chtlaren, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex si.,
Rlncon Hill.
WANTED-3IISCKLLANEOCS.
I 7-HORSK-POWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HOR8!
X power engine, with boiler, £a*-engine, lathes,
Planers and shapers. 616 Sizr.h st.
TIT ANTED - PAINTERS' FALLS. APPLY
" 429 Third st.
IUANTED - LOT OR HOUSE AND LOT
»' north of Union st. and east of Franklin; must
be cheap; cash. G. \V\, box 1, Call Office.
PIANO STOKED FOR USE OF SAME: RE-
X Rpooslble party; no children. Ad.ire-s P., 339
Hayej st.
ANTED— good SECOND-HAND wagon.
'» M., box 20, Call Office,
\\" ANTE D— GOOD BICYCLE Fo« LOT
1 (clear). B, box 82, Cal
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 r.llis st.
UILDINUS BOIH<HT; LUMBER. SASHE4
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1163 9fls.ilon v..
SELL VufK BOOKS, CLOTHZNti AM) iiCW-
O firy to A. KLKIN. 10-j Sixi!i St.: em.l posl^
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATiO.V?
»» HAVE Yoi: PROSPERED?
WHAT AXE YOUR HOPFST
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuable ADVICE
»nd AID in ail affttlrs of life, of private »s well as
of business nature as, Jor instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Knendshlp, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Ills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims.
Journeys. Speculxtinns, Mining, etc.
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
treasures, prevents stcknesj misfortune; recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring losi happiness.
Every person U adapted to some particular busi-
ness profession or I rade.whicn ay justly be term-
ed their rrue vocation, and yet m<re Shan halt of
I you art* titrhtlng against an unknown fate for fame,
lortuue and position which you do not and cannot
ob;aln uir.ll you find your true vocation.
Office hours. 9 to 8 daily and Sunday. Bend
stamp for circular and special terms MRS. DX.
F. CLARK.. 1206 Market aU, .-an Francisco.
T>OOMS CROWDED
AliD EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
TELLS FULL NAME.
•ASKS \O Ql'lSTloNS.
MRs. NASH,
CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
This celebraied mtdium, the clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees i; all, tells you all and in-
s-antlv srives you peace an*i happiness. 1 n»ver
ask a question, but before you utter word I teil
your name, names In full of ai ■ that you ure inter-
ested in, nil dates, f icts, etc. I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winnine your d< sires and what obsta.
clei are in your way and how to remove thpm.
How to make the best of your talents and pros-
per. How to get money. I find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering into busi-
ness, law, dlvorcr or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spells, stumbling blocks, bad luck and
habits, and overcome a.l evil wotks, rivals and
enemies. I never fail I h;ive brouuhi about
more happiness than all oth< r lueliun-.s. "thers
arebehelted: why not you? If you are goin^ to
fcee a medium, why no see the very best? It costs
no more. NotMing to be paH in advance, and if
not entire y satisfactory notuing at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than Hint? Residence, 4-0
Eddy st., between I eavenworth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 r m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. — No su'i.s. Perm.meutly located. '
MME. AKXDT, THE GREAT GERMAN FOR-
tune teller, the best in the world, can te I yon
the past and future- the best card-reader; she can
tell your fortune by Palmistry, the Esjg aud by
the Planet*; will show you a picture of your
future husband or wife, and will Mil you your
f-jr'.une from ihe cradle to the grave. Come and
you will be surprised, she cure* all diseases by
sympathy: has never fared. >he Is the >eventn
ulster of tbeseven: she hai the seven svals. She
is the gre.. test mind ler. and can te 1 you re-
Kard'.n* speculations, business and milling; give<
lucky numbers: all family troubles satisfactorily
settled. She has appeared before all the crowned
heads of K.urope from whom she has flattering
testimonials. 957 Harrison st., b-ttveen Kiftn
and Sixth: pries 25c and upward; office hours 10
A. U. to 8 F. it.
MME. DB THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by egga and cards; tells entire life, past*
present, niture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sura
help; restores lost lovs oy sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: tee *1.- letter $2. 829 Post sU, nr Larkin.
•\IME. PEARL RAYMOND. FROM TllE
1»X Kast; magnetic treatments. 7 Grant aye.,
rooms 7 and 8.
MME. MELBOURNE, OIFTJU) CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. 419
Geary su, room 22. second Soar; 25c and 50c.|
A I ME. NEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD BY
'I planets: predicted "74" passengers overdue
Steamer island. 7 Giant aye., room b.
ME. MORKAU. BEST FORTU>E-TELLER,
l'l medium, card-reader; '.'sc up. 764 Howard st.
VI ME. SYBIILE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
■»'i grave ;pictures given ; ladles 25c 914 O'Farrell.
RS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth St.: water readings specialty.
MR, RAVENA REaDS LIFE FLUENTLY:
I^l business advico; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourtii
ME. VIOLET CHESTER HAS ARRIVED:
palmist, magnetic healer. Rms. 2-3, 223 Posu
GYPSY LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents 60c; ail questions answered.
17THKLGRAY.CLA1RVOYANT.CARDREAD-
X^er and palmist. 1169 Mission su.beu 7th and Bth
A ££££? NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - TH«
iT- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
SPIKITUAI.ISM.
OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
messages and advice on all maitert pertain-
ing to mortal affairs- 838 Mission ttt. ;.-;"> - ; .
\i RM. C. J. MKY ER— I ESTCIR. 2 AND 8 P M.-
-1»J tests toall: 10.; sittings. 326 McAllister st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112y 2 OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 P. v., Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings.
REMOVAL — FRED KVANS, THE BLATK-
Xk writing medium, Iw now located al 1122 Market.
MRS. J. J. HIINEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for niessages him! advice. 21S S:ockton su
HYI'NOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHKN ALL ELSE
fall 3; also taught. Hypnotic Inst.. 6<i'Farrell.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM <t CO.'S 1-LECTRO- DENTAL
Parlors, 99V Market su : lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous nnsesthetlcs given; electric. ty
the gr-*at agent used to relieve paiu: teeth filled
aua extracted painlessly by our new electrcal
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices; best work; all surgical work
attended by U. W. Williamson, M.D., paysiclan
and surgeon: examination free by the u>e of our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns; bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market su
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, '<•'. 3d and 4th; pass specialists: painlest
extracting, with gas, $1: plates, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted IC y.ars: till ings. 60c; crowns, «3 50.
CHICAGO DKNTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixtu street.
C»7 FULL SET TEETH: BK*T MAKE;
*S> I . kept In repair; extractiag free; filllngs,soc;
crowns. $3 5a Pacific Dental Parlors, If Third.
.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk at.
POSITIVELY PA IM LKSt EXTRACTION. DR.
X ARDINu, 600Sutter cor. Powell: tel.maius37s
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; deiuistry tauxhl
(IOLTO.N DENTAL ASSOCIAiIO.N bU6-i.AU-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLKS W. DXCKKB.
QjT A BET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED Al
«IP I . rood as can be made; filling $1. DR >lilln
dentist, £30 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
T)AINLKS3 EXTRACITON, DOe; CBOW2I
X orldge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 year*
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 61584 Ueary.
I\K- LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
xJ Eleventh; no charge tor extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made ovet Uka new;
leeta trom $8 per eet: extracting 6Oc: ga» given.
R. OKOSQS W. LEEK. THK UENUINH
Leek demut, discoverer of painless extraction
at.ci patentee of Improved bridge work or teeta
«iuiout any plate, -moved from b to 20 O* FarraUtt.
ALL WOliK Kii.ASONA.BLE AND Wa*
tanteo. DB. J. W. *Ln.Y. 1320 Market at.
PEEK'S NEWS FOB B CENTS _ TRB
WJBEJCX.Y caxu la wrapper. ior maJUni.^
BUSINESS CHANCES.
<BJy.Xn CORNE- BARROOM; CHOICEST
iJpvU\J. doivnto*' : location: doing a first-class
paying business: rent; li.vest at once;
you will rind a No. I bargain. WILKE, 783 Mar-
ket st.
Q^Hfk MINER* ATTENTION — GRAVEL '
'J\J\i. mine, X* Dorado Co.. Wildcat Creek:
covering 40 acrei g*..l-bearine gravel; flrsl-class
paying claim. Parfculars WILKE, 783 Markeu
***t^^n CIGAR-fsTORE A.VI) BILLIARD
'v'Wl». hall. wi:3 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stocic of goods; acti£: value *1200; lively country |
town; r*ist be sold this week. Call WILKE, 783
Market su
Cnfin CIGAK-8IORE; THK
iJ\J\J. bes location on Kearny St. : fine fix-
tures; larce patrounge; owner has other business.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
€; 1 000 . UKANT IN OAKLAND:
«iT» i \J\t\j. goo-i li..< .itiou: no competition; owner
has operated lor7y«?.»rs: receipts *1000 or more
per month; owue. going EasU WILKE, 783
Larket sU .
SALO "^ ON TERMINUS OF
V wyv, streetoat Ine; fine fixtures: doing a
gcod business; chea<rent. WILKE, 753 arkeu I
<&OKO COKNE^ SALOON: VERY BEST
• *J\J. loc»tion;<rent *20: owner keeps 2
places; mus; sacri.*ice; a tirsi-class bareain.
WILKE, 783 MarkiA st.
QifiOO OOKKKJJ SALOON ON KEARNY
<TUUU. si.: oide-iabllsned and money-making
place: few blocks fom Chronic c; rcnt"*3b; best
Ou»I:;eas offer. WI^KE, 783 Market su
•ftj^k.'l BRANCiI BAKERY WITH 3LI V-
yJilv. ing-room*; rent $22. a genuine good
business off r; dally receiptu 814: kept by owner
for years: rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Market sU
<& Xn OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE IN Vl-
*i- *J*J\J. clnlty of wholesale houses, etc, old-es-
tablished business doing an excel. ent paying busi-
ness: selling on a . ount of other Interests; rare
chance. M. LESS, 5 Fourth sl
S! 1 000 MILLINERY OR:: TWO DOORS
»IPA' M V/. north of Market street: fine large
store, four nice living rooms; rent low; has a pood
new stocic on hand; good business. M. LESS, 5
Fourih sU
©QP;A CORNER OROIKRY AND BAR IN
*iP')tJ\'. the Western Addition; living rooms;
cheap rent: old-established place: no opposition;
large stock: big bar t:ade; must sell this week.
Al. LE>S. 5 ourth sU
i<|'()() SALOON IN EXCELLENT LOCALr
«iT)UV/l». ity; one of the oldest established ana
best known places in Its ueiihborhood: rent re a.
sonable: large stock: does a "buslnesi lhat would
justify an investment of at lean $101)0, which will
b« proved by a trial: thorough Investigation
allowed to any one meaning butluess: satisfactory
reason for selling. M. LESS, 5 Fourth sU
©CS.fi STATIONERY, VARIETY. CIGARS,
fii \JU\J . notions »nd school supply store; in best
business part of Western Addition; cheap rent 4
living-rooms; positive value in sight; near school.
M. LE>S, 5 Fourth sU
<2(*nA GROCERY AND BAR WITH 4 SUN-
tipUV'l/. nv living-rooms: low rent; north of
Market St.; old stand; value In slghu M. LEsS, S i
Fourth su
fljjOOX RESTAURANT; MAGNIITCENTI V
«ipO-j»'. turnished; on good street, '1 bio ks
north of Market st.; cheap rent; crowded during
meal hours. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
flti 000 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
<IP-LVMm. a few blocks north of Market si.;
Hn-ly fitted up; good larue stock on hand: 4 nice
living-rooms; rent low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
QOAA FINE SALOON BUSINESS A FEW
«JP<JUV/. doors north of Market su. In the vicin-
ity ot the Laldwin Hotel; oIU established, well-
known plare; one of the most handsomely fur-
nished p aces of this kind in the city; has a fine
class of ira'Je; is doing excellent paying business;
rent rea>,on;ible ; easily wor;h $1500 to any one-
trial allowed. M. Lh>B, 6 Fourth su
p ROCERY' BUSINESS (WITHOUT BAR) IN
VT busiest location: good hors- and wagon: has a
g-KMi paying cash trade; bargain. M. LESS, 6
Fourth st.
fflj|9(||l SALOON; ONE OF THE FINEST
*p\.A\J\J. and oldest places; in immediate vi-
ciilty of many large theaters; elegant private I
rooms; luagiilriceni flxtu es; clear* $150 to $'00 i
per month. M. Lli^s, 5 Fourth st.
©11A(» RESTAURANT; ACROSS THE I
tillJ-V/w. bay; entrances from two streets; j
present owners In same place over 7 year»- re-
ceipts oversiOv)O per month: other business cause
of sale. M. LE-ss, 5 Fourih st.
See Barrett <t basile, 873^ market j
su. for one of the best cigar-staods, candy, '
notion-stores in the city.;
BARGAIN: LUNCH WAGON; BEST COR-
ner; good bus. BARRETT «t ,8731/2 MarkeU
©99C BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
'iT — — *J. tion store; north Market; receipts $7 a
day; low renu BARREIT <t CO., 873y 2 Mameu
"ft^^O <'«-*R -STAND: LAUNDRY oF. i
•IT^-UV/. flee: old place; club rooms: aear Mar-
ket: receipts $7 a day. HakreiT, 873v 2 Market !
ffl!"|ELfl BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, NO- !
«^, ±*Ji'. tions; north of .Mar.e 1 ; rentSll: re- I
ceiptsSß. BARRETT «fc BASILE. 873y 3 Marktt j
ANTED-EVKRYBODY TO LIST PROPER.
»• ty for sale «lth GEORGE WHEE^.ER;
prompt attention, quick sales; room 15, 906 Mkt.
T HAVK A CUSTOMER FOR BRANCH BAK-
X cry; coat $150 to *350. If you want to sell call
on oiiORGE WHEELER, room 15,906 Markeu
fflfftAA CANDY-STORE AND FACTORY;
tjpvJUV/. fine location: must be sold byTueaday
great chance. GEO. WHEELER.rm 15. 906Markt
OLD- ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
and bar: big business; sells 20 balf-barreis '
beer week: long iea-e. REIDY', 10a7 Market st. i
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON CENTRALLY
loomed opposite city iiaii; low renu Apply
McLKOD & ATJE, 615 Market aU
(£?1 OK OLD-ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT
«iT' i *•«-'• doing good business; suitable for man
and wife: rent cheap, c. M., box ill, Call Office.
UTCHER BUSINESS; $2000; FINEST
fitted; horses, wagons, refrigerator: $76 cajh
trada daily. L., box 60. Call Office.
©QAO SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSt:
Kp%J\f\J. rent free; cood reasons for selling; see
this bargain to-day. 45 Third st.
tationehy. NOTIONS, CANDY and
cignr store; 6 rooms: good place for man and
w;fe; lor sale cheap. 2002 Mason sU
1 INE SALOON: MUST BE SOLI) AT ONCF-
-1 rent $:S0; good iitook; fine fixtures. 660 Clay
su, cor. Montgomery.
STEADY MAN; SMALL CAPITAL; HELP
kJ improve Kood buslne<s. cor. i>ryant and 26th.
Cj9C BAUBEK-SHOP; GOOD CHANCE FOR
<&*-* J. barber: rent $12. Inquire Call Office.
1 FIXTURES AND STOCK OF NOTION-STORE
X for sale cheap. 41-a Fulton sU
KSTAURANT; FINE LOCATIOX; CHEAP-
good place for two. 324 Larkin sU
I>ELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
At branch business; has been conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least »1H per
week to "tart with: certainty of Increase; must
have »150 ush. 777 Market sU. room 7.
pIOAR-sTAND CHEAP; RENT FREE. 8731 A
\J Market su '• I
ALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST NA-
loons In city. 873^ Market su
S^'fMl UORXErt GROCERY WITH ELE-
CAOW, gant appointments; full stock of
choice groceries, delicacies, family liquor^ clears,
etc.; the location is Al. being right in the heart of
the city; Including new delivery wagon and tine
horse: cater io the finest class of trade WlNs.
TUN & THOMAS, 646 Market sU WlNij-
T>AKGAIN: MILK DEPOT. WITH 1 LIVING-
i-t room: must be sold on account of departure-
no reasonable offer refused. WINSroN a I
THOMAS, 646 Market st. SIOS *
©J.^A LAUNDRY ROUTE, CLEARIVO
$100 a month; good horse and wagon'
trial given. STEN BERG & CO., 632 Market It
C 1 000 R ESTAURANT FOR SALE- PART
lUUU. cash, balance on time; positive n,™.
that receipts are $900 or more per mouth cheao
renu Apply W. F. HEAL Y, 917 Market su
pENUIfiE SNAP FOR SOME ONE WISB
VJ enough to investigate a grocery In goo run-
ning order; cash trade; first-class locaUo ™ buyer
can take all or part o* stock or fixture's at I
sacrifice; part c.sh, balanc* on time *f Vood
•Rl 'SO BKANC ' H BAKERY, WITH 5 liv
,8700.
de«h. : s.? b e oT65 fl t 6 J J ce m OI " ll: ° n -ccouniof
$2000. K n?w P or?nMo Y O. ci ::r^
W-rx-^ace. tOr ' *' "^ « *
ifelOOO *! ES>T MILK BUSINESS IN THE
S, a x n b ylhTs f Xe. Clear yi6 ° ™*^- X
$400 DKY GOODS . NOTIONS; FIX-
,f lul '- iu^«: good bu.inesa; Uxture-. worth
the money; mu,t sell betore_i»t|A|!ply"hU office
pORNER GROCERY AND Bvlt i»t s nl
UORSALE OK EXCHANOeIFakTNER Fo"r
X Eastern and c«Hf»rnla b-er OoVlllDiTb iVineii
aa tourteemn st., near Market : 3t"6 P ? IT
"DAKEItY-i'.KST PAVING HOME li\KFRY
BK^ffIUSSSWS^"^
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURNt-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and sfroeer/
etccKs STENBEKG. C 32 Market: teL mni.'i 1043.
Xi-KKIrNi ED, Rl LIABLE GROCERY
JGi m:in cun secure part or whole of paying busi-
ness no opposition. STEMJiiRG, 632 Market.
m» 1 i->- A PARTNKR IN FIRST-CLASS ICE-
I cream and candy store and factory :
wholesale iind retail; lactorv fu!!v equipped for.
lur i- trade: monry to bo used in business. sTEN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market su
C? O/,A i. RANCH BAKE RY. NOT ETC.
£\l\J m ood location; r«nt $11: present owner
litre 6 year*, si BK KG & CO., 682 Market su
ffl,.,rAA BOARDING AND RO OM I N
«T)OOUU. house: centrally located; larga
grounds: low rent: 26 finely furnlsned rooms;
clei.rs»2oo mouth: always full: every investi-
gation. STENBERG <fc « 0., 632 Market s:.
a* i nnn CORNKR I.IQOUR-STORE: BEST
<8> IUUU. business street in city; good stook;
nicely fitted up: no better i)lac>' in town for the
money. sTENBE KG * CO.. 632 Market su
Q*n-f\ GKOCERY ANDBARJONEOFTHE
<JJ* f OU. best corners in Mission; large, nevr
•lock; aoine good business: lo« rent; living-
rooms: no opposition. bTENBERG. b32 Marker,
T?OR SALE-A GOOD PAYING GROCERY.
F variety, bakery and candy store; established
12 years A ply at 811^ Bryant st.
XPRKMS BUSI • ESS FOX SALE— MUST EX
sola: price *135: stand wonh price asked
PHILBRICK, •-'548 Folsom sU
ARGAIN: CANDY-STOKE, SODAWATER.
icecream parlor: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress 408 c McAllister st.
O?Tn PARTNER WANTED: A OKRMA.N
ZOU. preferred; saloon. 650 Sacramento su,
cor. Kearny.
tOnA SALOON: BARGAIN: MUST XX
"P^UU. sold: cause. Immediate departuie. 805
Howard su
C; lAli SALOON FOR SALE: OLD E.-TAB-
(JT'iUw. lished place: no night work. App
Call Office.
<S« JAA GROCERY AND BAR; 5 LlVING-
*irrk\JVJ. rooms; rent *33. Inquire lilLernl»
Brewery,
(J>?-ik WJLL GET HALF INTEREST IV HA-
is)U\t iooa ; bargain; see It to-day. Call 142 Xa«
I (.'lll. SU
ESTAUKA.ST lAKING IN $10*16 A DAY
will be sold for $200. 145 Fifth su
GOOD PAYING BISINESs; GROCERY AND
xJT bar; ba ement attachel. 1501 Powell su,
cor. Vallejo.
«Jl 9K. PER ACRE FOR HALF INTEREST
tlpl.^tJ in 640 acrei ot mineral land, 7 miles
fi-oni Randsburg. Address Land, box 77, Call.
<JT.£»n/i GROCERY ANDBAR: LOW RENT;
tJpOUV'. no opposition. Apply Call office.
"LIRST-CLASS BAKERY FOR SALE OR
-T renu Apply 71 2 Valencia st.
<TT.O9r SALOON; FINE LOCATION": HEAP
i^tL^iO. rent; good fixture*: well stocked; 4,
living-rooms: worth $600; owner going East.
Apply this ottice.
EASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIRES GEN-
tleman partner. Room 5, 850 Market sU
TO LET-CIGAR-STOHE, WITH JIXTUKHS;
rent cheap. 17. Mission su
"L^RUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE: REASON-
X able. 2103 Mission, near Seventeenth.
"LOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
-T this paper. For particulars i iquire Call OQico.
POKTI.AND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon. 
VINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WaGON;
X must be Hold at once. ' 211 Larkin st.
ITY liUli't k\ia SALii APPLY THI3
office.
Oi D ESTABLISHED GROCERY AJND FRUIT
store combined: best of location. Apply 1200
Larkin st., cor. Bush.
VKW HOTEL OF 34 ROOMS FOR SALE IN
Xi thrivins town. See owner here, 711 Folsom
St., room 2.
UTvHER->HOP TO LET: FIXTURES;
Western Addition. 1208 Scott su, near Eddy;
key upstairs.
"yOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X gentleman partner, 1.00-n 2, 223 Post st.
G;QQA CHEAP; GOODCORNER: GROCKRY
tJP*JO\J. and bar-. 4 living-rooms. 331 SixthsU
<a»OA black walnut top COUNTES
«JPt)V/. and bar fixtures; cheap. 331 SixthsU
fI>9AA LAUNDRY' ROUTE; HORSE AND
VT£>\J\J. Address box 76, Call Office.
YOUNG LADYOFMKANS WANTS GENTLE-
A man partner; small capitaL 120% Geary, r. 2.
OALOON— CHKAP; TRANSFER CORNER;
O low rent; lease; selling immediately: causa
sickness. Apply Call Office or 15 Dame st., near
Thirtieth.
ANDY, ICECREAM STORE, FACTORY,
soda fountain; doing gooa business: near Call
building; make offer. Apply 45 Third sU
TJESTAURANT; GOOD PLACK FOR MAN
J-t and wife; cheap. Apply this office.
p ROCERY ANI« BAR, WITH LIVINO-
VJT rooms. Apply this office.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WAXTbD BY A
vT. young widow. Room 8, 207 Post St.
LODGING-HOUSEi FOX SALE.
99 ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
— — $100 $1,500
17-room house, clearing $80 per month..... 750
10-room house, rentoniy $40 250
1 -ro m boarding house, $350 cash ...... 900
22 rooms, fine corner 650
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost 1800, price...! 350
14 rooncsou Sutter 350
7-room house, only "50
H. C DECKER, 1020 Marke"t su.'opp" "Fifth.
<n»9O A A HOTEL WITH 30 WELL-FUR-
<p— *J\J\J. nished rooms: the only no;elinon«
of the most prosperous towns of Its size In the
state; photograph at nay office. M. LESS, 6
Fourth st.
Sfc 7 r \(l HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BE«TLOC\-
»IP I *J\J. tion on Mark t st.; a rare banraln-
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKE. 783 Markeu
•VTEWLY-FURNISHED 21-ROOM HOUSE!
XI fine location; all In 1 floor. 63- Mission st.
\VFo " PAYINO LODGING-HOUSE WlT±t
»» 18 rooms: all rented: full investigation al«
lowed: no auents. Inquire 120 Fourth su
LODGING-HOISE, «3 ROOMS, FOR SALB
XJ cheap; rent $50. 739 Foisom st.
\ CHANCE FOR A FOKTrNE— THK NEW
-tv Waldo lodgtng-hon^e, the best paying lodging.
noise In tn^ city, running full steadily, is for sale,
as the prt-sent proprietor wishes to retire from,
business, having real, zed enough money to live on-
no price set; an offer wanted. Apply on premises.
<t>6 Mission su, from 12 to 3 p. m. : no agents.
FUUXITURE FOR SALE.
"I^NTIR E hbTOC^K^TTIT^rETsONTDECE A SE D*
XJ now being sacrificed to close estate; household
furniture every d scrlption, newand2d-hand- pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing ouu 126 4th.
L'tJRNITURE, STOVES CARP; TS, COUN-
X ters, showcases. aNDERSoN, 1121 MarkeU
AYE MONEY-BUY KURNITURE FROM;
Buckingham Fur. Co., 86t5 Mission; advances.
OUSEHOLD RANGES ARE THE BEST
JOHN F. M XV EKS CO.. 947 Market st.
CARPET CLEANIXO.
pITY STEAM CARPET-CLEA^INITwoRKS^
\J Cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS.
Mgr.. 38 and 40 1 iglith st.; telephone South 250.
J WATTS; reliable 'arpet-cleamiiS renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. TeL reslie 32
CARPKT-OLEAKIXG, 3c: LAYING. Sc; RUO
KJ samples irea: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th
CIARPETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKK
VJ new. J. EEJS, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
VV IIKN YOU BECOME PISOUSTEO WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-U-aUna; Works. 353-57 Tehama su ; teL So. 411
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN CO 403
butter; teL Main 3U4. GKO. WaLCOM^ prop.
pARPETS CLEANED dt RENOVATED LIKB
V/new. 1 •nth; lei, south 36. Mackintosh & Co.
•T £#i?iiS? HJ IiI UARPET-CLEAMXO CO
v . >4O 14th au; cleaninj 8c a yard. TeL Mis. 74.
fj^SJSS 8 CAKPKT- BEATING WORK*.
V. 333 t.olden Gate : ve. Telephone Kast 1-d.
iOST.
Ti^Tr IN OAKLAND, BET. MOLE AND
*■> 1 Gallndo Hotel, lady's gold breas.pin; pearls
and turquoUe; reward. 1034 Market su. S. F.
T OST— POLK. NKAR HAVES, MALE FOX
«Tn terrier; whltr.wlth black and tan head; leather
collar aud bell; liberal reward. 21 Polk sU
f OST— LARGE. BKOWN, CURLY -PaNXEL
•^ dog. Suitable reward by returning 1313 Lar-
SHRINBKst' B-DGK AND PIN; FINDEP.
rewarded THUS. H. BROWNE, 20 Front st.
iJJCYCLKS.
TANUKMN, -Jiii" PATTEKN, GOOD AS NEW,
-»-s<o and upward; bargains 111 second - hand
wheels. Golden Ku.a liaxaar cyc.e departmeuu
*o U««ry auHOUSES TO LET.
HOW BT« NEAR TWKLFTH. NO. 1602—
XX 2-atory. 9 rooms; rent low to good tenant.
T'.VELF IK, BrTWEEN MISSION AND HOW-
ard— 2-story and bns-ment bay-window; 9
rooms and bath: rent low to good tenant.
■TJO.SP ST.. ufF MIS lON, ISKT TWELFTH
.1) aud 1 hirteenth— 'J-sto-v. bay-window, 7 rooms
asii bath: ri-ut low to a good tenant. Apply to O.
CAPP A CO., 415 Montgomery St.. House
r.riiters an<l Beat ICstaie Agents.
rONES T., BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC—
') 2-atory, bay-window, S rcoms and bath, witu
garden etc. ; will be put in order for t;ood tenant.
Apply 'o C. s. Al'i' <fc CO., Real hstaie Agents. |
41 Monti!om ry st.
AYES ST., BELOW FILLVORE-FLAT OF
3 rooms and ba;U; rent 8 Api.ly to C. S.
CAPP <t CO., 415 Montgomery St., lUal Estate
Agents.
"L?ELL ST., BETWEEN POLK AND VAN
£■ .Xe-s-'-Mtory hay-windovr. 7 rooms snd bath.
Apply to C. S. CAI'P <t C  415 Montgomery st.,
HbuEe Bentersand Real Ks;a:e Agents,
I OAQ JACKSON ST.. NEAR JONES; 9
IZUt/rooi bath: sanitary piumbliw; mod- |
prn improvements: a.l newly fitted up; piemy of
sun; cable-cars: marina view: rent $40 per
month, water included; key al No. l'JO5. Apply
YON KU.EIN iSb CO., 513 f> itornia si.
0100 MASON. Nk".Vu~LOMBA RD-8-ROOM
-l_.))ioi.>- and bath; newly rmovated; rent
5lo: rent free till lirst ol month.
.-.>.,""-. H USE, 8 ROOMS AND
»>_»>. baU»: in good or-lor: tarce garden; water
frt-.' 2617 Howard si., oetween Twenty-second
and Tweiity-tliirJ: cars pass.
C.T ft HOUSE 0 BOOMS, l'-'3O PINE ST.;
C> 1 O. tailor can pay rent with work.
I 4) LILY WE.-HOUSK OF 6 ROOMS; KENT
I — reduced: key Bt 113 Oak st.
CO 1 1 EOLOKKS. BE I -TWENTY-FIRST ANP
( 'j&xa Twcaiy-second— 6 rooms and bath:cheap.
HOUSES TO KKNT FOB VERY LITTLE
money ul BALDWIN & 11OW ELL'S, 10
Montgomery St.
•1 C).-):\ BUSH — SUNNY HOCSJC; 9 KOOMS:
J __"' yard: renl reasonable to a pood tenant.
I'UKMSHEI) HOUSES.
TO LET— FURNI€HED MODERN sr.NNY
corner flat: B rooms and bath. App!y on the
premises 14iiS Halgbt st.
|li{CArP- UPPER FLAT A LARGE
"tXU rooms, furnished; $20. Call between
11 and 3.
1 UKNISIIKD FLATS.
Q99 i^H FOR ADULTS; 4 COMFORTABLE
O— ■— .O\J. rooms: lath: 2 beds: 2 stoves, gas
and coal. 1917 Qeary st.
COTTAGKS TO LET.
OicOn BUSH— COTTAGK 5 NNY KOOMS;
'— — — bath: large basement; garden: low rent.
H>7 BKAB COTTAGE. 4 KOOMS, BASE-
O I . ment; water free, 339 Jerseys'. Castro cars.
Qpr RKAK COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS: QUIET,
O*-'* sunny. 715 lehama st., near i-.lghth.
r AND 8 KOOMS: MODERN COTTAGES
«> with stable; $lti and $J5. 2635 Bryants;.,
near Twenty-fourth
(-.0 COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
• .t)U. pectave., beL Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-elshth sts.
9 NICE 4-RO >M COTTAGES; LARGE BABB-
— ment and yard. 1 and a Harry p.cce, orT
Laguna, bet. filbert Greenwich 31s.
9 COTTAGES, 4 AND 6 ROOMS; $8 AND *10-
-— 331 and 333 Cumberland st.
Q-Cl(\ I ITTAGE; 7 ROOMS: BATH; LARGE
O— U. yard. "3'Jb Folsom, near Twentieth.
TO COTTAGE 5 KOOMS AND BATH;
rent $18. 449 Bryant St.
FLATS TO LET;
Q] Q TTPFH FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
OJ. O. 16-5 P-ne St., abovs Van Ness aye.
I3EAUTIFUL FLAT OF 6 TtOOMS; BATH:
.1 » stationary wasb tubs; largu yard. Apply
30.l Broadway or SHAINWALD, BLCKB£.E
<fc CO.
KTEW FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOM*: $13 AND
i-T $15: modern improvements. -666 Twenty-
second st.
TT'LaT: 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 7-9 HAERI-
X; son s:.. bet. Third and Fourth.
C I.ARGK ROOMS AND BATH; Al-L LATE
0 improvements: large parlor; $20 per month.
2936 California st.: key at house,
CHOICE CPPKB AND LOWER FLATS: ALL
' modern improvements. See owner od pr*m-
\m s, 6 Colllogwood at., hd'.f block trorn junction of
-eventeenth and Mar.<et s'.s-
-91 Q \ OFARRELL, NiSAU BRODERICK—
-lo"l bunny side: l&rge 5-room flat, with batu
acd other modern conveniences: h:is two large
separate rear rooms: rent reduced to $20: must
be sfeen to be appreciated.
71 NATOMA ST.. BET. EIGHTH AND
1 ID Ninth— Flat of •* rooms; ashes and water
paid: $10.
"VTEW. UPPER, SUNNY, MODERN FLAT;
i-i opposite Jefferson square; 5 rooms; bath. 935
Golden Gate aye.
"F?LAT 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; CELLAR;
■1 $9. 29 Klngold st., near Ninth and lo.bom.
I 'Ifil MISSION, N£AR ELEVENTH— 4 OR
Li)l J.; 6 sunny rooms: bath; laundry; rent
$14 up.
ARELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COP.. si TTKR
and Scott st 3.: 6 big rooms: *'J7 50: water
free: appreciated if seen. Key 2300 Sutter st.
CHOICE UPPER FLAT: 7 I OOMS; MODERN
\J improvements. 1710 Hyde st.
6 -ROOM. CORNER FLAT; FURNISHED OR
unfurnished: modern. Northwpst corner Van
Ness aye. and Vailejo. <
-1 -1 i f\ ELM AVK.— 2 FLAT-> 3AND4ROOMS.
II 1 U $6 and $7 month; water, yard. 1512
Golden Ga:e aye.
Ql OiiEAKY ST 5 SUNNY KOOM.S IN
«7XO^ood order: water f-ee: rent Sl7.
i;>l POST. BET. POWELL AND MASO*.' —
T-l_2 sutjny flat of a rooms: $16.
MODERN ELEGANT FLAT: 6 KOOMS AND
bath. 49 Herman st.. junction Valencia.
CJOA ti LARGE ROOMS; LARGE YARD
JJZW. and stable: 4144 25th st., tear Castro.
$15— Lower flat: 1431 Guerrero St., near Army;
5 rooms: porcelain.
9'C OAK— S ROOMS, OH WILL SELL FUR-
>-O nltureon easy payments.
O YOU WANT A NKW FLAT OH COT-
tage: cheap. See bl*fcCK & CO., 60J ilar»et.
i7A/< POST-a 4AN 6 ROOM FLATS;
X UO baths: garden; rent .$l6.
LAT, 8 ROOMS. CORNER MCALLISTER
P and Polk sts.
TPLATS TO LET FOR VKK* LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN 4HOWKWB, 10 Mont-
tomery s-
Q.-1 LOWEB FLAT; 5-43 CASTRO, NEAR
jplt). 19th: 5 rooms; porcelain Dath.
AHEAP MODERN FLATS. t» AND 6
\j rooms. SSto «1«: «~» th-ro. 823 '-"Tenth St.
HOCSERfcEPIXG KOOMS.
iiryant Street.
iQA BRYANT-1 OR 2 SUNNY ROOMS
"itOvf nicely furnished for houseiceeplns.
"-IT BRYANT ST.. NEAR THIRD— IiARfiE
Oil sunny suite: running water; $10 per month.
iiUbh S.reet.
9^f\ BUSH— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
•} — ' * rooms for man and wile or gentlemen; rea-
sonable.
Diamond Street.
r-| n DIAMOND ST., BET TWENTY-SEC-
OJ.U ond and Twenty-third— 3 unfurnished
sunny rooms; hith; yard; hou^e^eeptug; $7 a
month: Castro-st. cars. I
Eddy Street.
Ql rr EDDY-2 OK 3 UNFURNISHED OR
V J O furnished sunny roomsf reference.
Eighth Htreei.
EIGHTH— F '-ONT AND BACK PAR-
lor and 3 ftirnishe 1 rooms.
tlli* Street.
rA o £LLIS — 2 BUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
OUO complete for housekeeping.
t'QQ ELLIS, CORNI'.It LARKIN— OR 3 FUR-
'>*)'' n'sbed rooms for housekeeping; kitchen
and gas range, bath.
x i..ii Mreoc.
1 (\1 FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
JUI olshed rooms to leu
t oXhum street.
BQA FOLSOM— FU KNISHED KOOMS COM-
Ov plete for housekeeping; also single.
Golden Oate Avenue. .
Cl golden GATE aye.-sunny, NEW-
fll ) y furnlstied connecting rcoms; light house-
Jceeplng.
1 Ad A GOLDEN' GATE AYE.-2 FURNISHED
1 1Utr housekeeping rooms, »11: also large
ainjie, |6.
HOUSEKICKI'IXO ROOStS — Continued.
Harrison Street.
79A HARRISON-'-' NICELY FURNISHF.D
i sunny front rooms: complete for house-
keeping.
I!«>v. Street.
1 iiCA HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT BOOMS;
J \.'«JvJ also housekeeping rooms.
tieasie »tre«»
JESSIE-3 ELEGANT FURNISHED
'•J-U rooms; complete lor housekeeping; rent
516,
tvearnr Street.
1 A,f KEARNY — 4 OK 5 UNFURNISHED
lU± rooms and bath: a bargain.
Lafayette Street.
Q1 1 LAFAYETTE. BET. ELEVENTH AND
OX 2 i welith— 2 tiniuruished rooms; rent $7.
LaJrtUn s rue..
J9Q LARKIN ST. _ SUNNY FURNISHED
ti— •/ rooms for bousekeepicg; front single or
suit. $7 up.
Market Streoc.
9AQQ MARKET — 2 OR 3 HANDSOMELY
— \JW furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister Street.
794 1 7Iic ALI.ISTER— NX WLY FURNISHED
• •*-^i-S front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
Jnuna Streec
X JO MINNA-2 NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
vUO ny housekeeping rooms.
&liesion Street.
7r»Q MISSION. BETWEEN THIRD AND
I UO Fourth— Nice front room for quiet couple.
097 MISSION —LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
O^ I room, well furnished; 98.
1 i;C 1 MISSION, COitNtß NINTH— TWO
1 — ») 1 large housekeeping rooms; complete:
$12 per mouth.
>aioi»»:t jsireot.
rLC r NATOMA— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
t)i)t) iooms, $S and $10: yard.
Octavin Street.
1 QH7 OCTAVIA — handsomely ■ FUR-
OU t nlsbed sunny front room and kitchen.
i oik Street.
Cfir^ I'OIK- SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE;
\J\Jt) small kitchen and closats, bath, gas: Sl7.
fceventh strees.
IJ9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)-SUITES AND
Xf£i kitchens ;al»o single rooms;newly renovated
Stockton Street.
1 Of\>7 STOCKTON — NIC F. FURNISHED
X.OKJ I rooms lor housekeeping; rent cheap.
Taylor Street.
1 AO TAYLOR-FURNISHED FRONT BUN-
Xv/O ny room for ilght housekeeping.
Third Street.
qnq THIRD-2 SUITES OF nicely FUR-
*.i\JO nished rooms for houseKeeplug; SlO and
$12.
jr: I Q THIRD— a FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
XCf ing rcoms; range; running water.
Turk Street.
9Q TURK— 2 OR 3 COMPLETELY FUR-
«-'"-C> nished housekeeping rooms; sunny, gas
bath.
Twelfth Street.
91 Al TWELFTH — NICELY FURNISHED
_1 U3 kitcheu, 2 bedrooms, dining-room, bath;
520.
\uu Ness Aveiine.
1 H9l VAN NESS AYE., NR. GEARY 6T.—
lv-1 3 fur'd rooms: gas; range; kitchen; $20.
Uttcellsneoui.
rpENANTS TO OCCUPY IN PRIVATE FAM-
X ily 3 or 4 Dicely furnished or unfurnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping, on principal
car-line street In the Western Addi:ion: moderate |
price; board if necessary. K. M., box SO, Call.
£.97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O— I until 9:3 i' o'clock; branch otTai
1 IX! ml BCTIptIOBS acd ant f>d^ taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
Brannan street. «
79rr brannan. ABOVE sixth-3 nice
• — O sunny rooms; $8.
i>u»rt >tiee.,
fil A BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Ul J rooms; privilege of light housekeeping; $8.
JLudj street.
I"I Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
110 aIBO other c.eau sunny rooms; $5 up; no
transient.
JOO EDDY— 3 VERY" NICK SUNNY ROOMS
*t — O for physician; fine bath; private family;
ocner rooms. HM'fHi
Jbi£hth Streeu
CHERMAH APARTMENT HOUSK. 2« RTH
0 st., near M arkel: lnrntshed and unfurnished.
Q"|n EIGHTH. NKAR FuLSOM-S LARGE
OX\J rooms; rent $10.
Elizabeth Street.
-I 9 ELIZABETH. NtAR GUERRERO AND
1 — > Twenty -third — flat 5 rooms; rent
$15.
k-AAxa street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 KLLIS— INCANDEB-
-cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50:
week. S2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot ana cold wa'.er: baths.
POYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
It furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc.
* .1.11 streeu
THE COSMOPOLITAN - EELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
bOc, 75c and $1 per night; $2 to S5 per week.
1 uiion atioeu
3 FULTON (FULToN HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; singie or en suite: $8 <& $15 up.
Cifcaiv Streei.
THE MARTINET, TlOl GEARY. SW. COR.
Van Ness— uandaome suites, newly furnished.
tiwwurd Mr«o.,
1 Cnn HOWARD, CO«» KB FOURTEENTH—
1 OUu 3 sunny rooms; rent (9.
llyile Street.
"I r HYDK — 2 LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
X t) nished rooms and bath.
Oouea Street.
9/Y7 JONEB ('THE VAN WIN KLE")-HAND-
jL.\J 1 somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
i»t.ll n y Sllcut,
* BLTNGTON HOUSK, J27 IKABST —
Jt\. Pleasant snnny rooms, ep buite and single; flrs;
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkln (Street. '
097 LARKIN, COIi. GOLOENT GATE AYE.—
«J— 1 Desirable rooms.
'AA LAHKIN -SU -NY CORNER FUR-
O\J\J nished front room.
l&mltat Mroot.
•yCSEMITK HOUSK. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 3Sc to 1; week, $1 60 to *6; families.
UcAUiii«ir 2>ireeC.
ffAl MCALLISTER - FURNISHED BUNNY
I Ul rooms and bath in private family; board
opilona'.
J>ilj|in ••ruo..
C*(*f7 MINNA. COR. "eTgHTH-NEWLY FUR-
Uu I nltihcd bay-window room; f 1 per week.
&Unsion >trc»...
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI MISSION: ' FELKCT
family rooming-house: $1 60 to %S per week.
QA 7 MISSION— FRONT ROOM: KITCHEN:
•* j I completely furnished for housekeeping;
ntlier rooms.
-1 t\ r> o MISSION (EA^T LYNN) — FRONT
XI' DO snite. newly furnished, for li^ht house-
keeping.
Oak Street.
r>A rr OAK— FURNISHED, A LARGE FRONT
£*±L room. 87.
i oat strees.
n POST— SLEG ANT FURNISHED ROOMS,
U._— bath, hoc and cold water, ¥8: sunny suites.
JB u«s Street.
mRUSS— LARGE SUNNY furnished i
I _- i front room ; 2 gents or coapl*; closats; atove ;
buth; also single room.
- : 1i...i S ree .
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SJXTH— NICK BUN-
X ny rooms: modern conveniences. •
t
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1897.
ROO3IS TO LET— Continued.
Mocklon Place.
THE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON — FUR-
nlsbed rooms $1 60 to t'Z r>o per wepk: suites
$3 50 to IK p«-r week; by night, 60c to «1 50; hot
and cold water; ele*«for: tnii:sient.
Sutter Street. *
C 1 A STTTER-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
0 rr sunny parlors; other rooms; low rent to
desirable tenant.
Taylor Street.
1 (\Q TAYLOR— LA KGK ROOMS; $1 76 AND
XUt/ $2; sunny single, $1 25 and $1 50 week.
/-99 TAYUOK. tOR. SUTTEK— BAY-WIN-
V)__ dow furnished rooms.
i*»irn ftreo;.
Q-l THIRD-FURNISHED AND UNF U R-
OX nished rooms, *1 weeic up; clean beds, 5c
and 10c per nlxhu ,
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH, N EAR HOWARD-
—— O i^arge suncy newly furnished room.
■lurk Streei.
r\iO TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
UIO fo:dliic bed; ruuning water: grate; gas and
bath; $iv.
1 390 TURK-NICK SUNNY ROOMS, «4 OR
XO^\J $5 a month; furnished.
— 9 .
Twentieth Street.
OQAQ TWENTIETH — 2 SUNNY FUR-
K)tJ\JO n shed rooms: cheap.
t SllßCollanuuUM.
©fi a month: sitting, DINING-ROOM
<iTW Kltch-n. G. P. H.. box 89, Call.
BOARDIMU ASI) ROOMS.
1 Af\() (JOLDIl " GATE AYE. -TITrgJC
m."'»leasantsnany room, suitable for two,
will be f:iru she<i to suit tenuni: use of parlor nnd
piai.o: board if desired: private family; references.
Jl 9 EDDY - LOVELY FRONT SUNNY
I*. roenn. witn board: for 2, $40 a month
71 O O'FARKELL — HANDSuMELY FUR-
• -I ■" nlshed : lcove room; a'^o parlor suite; with
or without board.
Cv(V> VAN NESS — NICELY FURNISHED
OV/— parlor suite: aUo single; board optional.
71 9 POSI— LARGE S N N Y KOUMS, WITH
I 1 — board, for SlSea. up; use parlor piano
*
7J.Q PINE ST.— SUITE OF ELEGANTLY
1 rtO turnUhed parlors, with board, *50 per
month.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
L open under new management.- has been ar-
tistic a ly tinted, papero.l and elegantly furnished
throughout; hot end cold water In every room :
elevators aud every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice o carpets and fui nt:ure; the
table, uuder the supervision of Kowaskle. tho
well-known French chef, wilt be unsurpassed.
O()Q VAN NESS AVK NEWLY FUB-
OUO nished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
OOM KoR I GENTLEMEN WIIH BOARD;
J I German home cooking: *i> a week. t3i's Valen-
cia st. >
OTEL BkIiTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces: all modern conveniences;
Ralston tab:es, if desired: new management.
CUILmtK.V UUAKDKD.
/■< ERM AN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
Ur good home. 435Va Hayes st.
"Y'ICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC,
_ and close to cood school: $10 per mouth. Ad-
dresi MRs. E. JL BILLI^, Golden Gate, Alameda
County, cal.
OLU NURSE LIKE TO TAKE ONE OR TWO
children to board: terms reasonable and mo-
ther's care; reiiaMe. 5(55 Bryant st.. In the rear.
STOKES TO LET.
STORE WITH 2 LI VINO - ROOM*; FINE
plac- for restaurant: rent $18. 452 Hatght st.
San Rafael— bTUKE • TO L «j L ica-
tions suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits aud vegetables, candy and notions. Gl-O.
D. SHKAHKK & CO., Real 1 gta c Agents, Sau
Rafael; opposite broadgaugo depot; op«a Sundays.
OLD-r.bTABLISHEDB.\KKRV;FINKOVEN;
5 large rooms; rem low. r.'lti Pncirlc su
TO LET-bTOHE AND 3 BcOMS; WATiiR
free. 4565.x-hst.
LAR(*E >iuKE, 'i SHOW WIXDOWb AND
4 largo rooms; rent un.y $22 i>o. Vl'l Sixth.
AKERY, 1130 HOWARD: LARGE STORE
and 4 living-rooms: cheap rent.
A\ 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
rzx ' also Ma: Apply 41 Ty a Thlra at.
omen to LET.
99- POWELL, COR. GEARY-ELEGANT
Zr»» • sunny parlor suite; newly renovate suit-
able for doctor.
SI'KECKELS BUILDING. 927 MAItKKTST.*
Ikh:. peasant offices: cheap. ASUTON ,fc
GAKPINEi-., room 210. or at 411 Montgomery.
UKDICAL.
T ADlfe.B— "*""""" — — ~~
JLj
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An Infallible core. For further particulars and
exclanatory letter eend 9 cents to Pacific Coast
A tency, Itencrd Medical 1 0., 323 bpreckels build-
ing, 9>7 Mcricet st., st»u Fra.ci=co.
ALL CASES OK MONTHLY t-UPPKESSIOX
(from whatever ecus») restored In a few
hours: sa'o and sure at any time; instant reltaf foe
travelers; home In confinement; bes: care anj
privacy; regular physician; 80 year** successful
r.rcctlcer^ny celebrated remedies for monthly
suppresslßi never fall: every case guaranteed:cou<
sultation free, conflden.lal: bouri 10 to 6; pllls^L
MRS. DX. WYKTH, I*l6 Post st.. near Larkln.
DH. J. H. JO^SELYN, TUE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist. still offers his vauab.o services to tn« un-
iortnnate. With a mind ured and eurlched by
Mudiesot au advanced order, there is hardly a
disease la the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, be Is always ready
10 assist you. His knowledge has l>een strength-
eced by extensive experience. So case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his f>ure con-
trol, His female monthly r<-m«*dl--s are »ure anl
cafe la their eff'Cti. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood ure never-fallin; In their
action, anil are warranted for both youns; ond old.
He excels all others in ihn cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practlc« enab.es him tv warrant
a cure la all cases. Cousulia'.lon parlors. tt'JJ
Market su Call or w ritu tiirect to tiOtf Market »:..
rooms 11 and 12. BVTBi
I'KOCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
l«rss; never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cnu-e; no tleciricity tun»-
DU( or other dangeroai luetlioda; money lv every
case refunded if a core is no; efftcled; travelers
helped Jmiuedlately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians. DR. AND
MRS, DAVIK.s, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbern:a
Bank; hours, 9 a. K. to 5 and 7 to 8 t. v.
APBOCBtM THAT NEVKK FAILS TO RK-
stortt every case of monthly sickness from
whatever canst; in a few hours when madlctnea
and others bave failed: no instruments used:
many years' experience: every cus« ftnarauteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; flm-clusg privjua
home for confinement. MRS. DX. D.vLEY, lllid
Mark--: sL, ovc-r the Owl Drugstore.
A N.B.W PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
-£x fetrumetit u-ied: every woman ncr own physi-
cian for all female troubles, do matter from what
cause: restores alwaya in one day; can be sent
and osed at home: positive cr.re; gennlne new
proceKS can only be had at my oilice: advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearuy St.
DR. FOULET'S FRENCH CAP-ULES-A
guaranteed absolute cure for ail tt>ma'e dis-
«as^-< (no matter what ca^l»»^: positlvay safe and
sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time It
also ao s as a preventlvo; price H CO per box:
sent tree by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant ye,
DH. AND MRI WKGENER. 628 EDDY BT.:
private home; every comfort: separata rooms
before and curing confinement,; female coninialnts
tklllfully treated; regular physician: quick reilef
for travelers: best care; terms moderute; b&bles
adopted In good families: consultation tree; pUlss&
DRii. GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients; best "kill,
free diagnosis: low tees; aelt-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
Xi. dies with leuiale troubles; no danger; safe and
snre; f2 60exi<reM C. O. D. ; don't delay uutil too
late. ObGOOI> BRos., Coast Agents, Oakland:C»L
\ bURE CURB FOll ALL FEMALE DIS.
-^V eases from whatever aaafea: a home la con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MBS. GWYER, 228 Tv« su
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DI3-
j\. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary >.l ; consultation free.
"TVU PRAK's FEM..LK KKUULATINU PILLS;
XJ aafe and efliclent tmmtiiai:a;<ii: $1 per box,
BICHABD* 4.CO..dru«;sts, 4U<3 Clay susolaagts,
UN>URPA^hED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, dlueases. SIH^.DK. PL'KTZ i;s4i/ 4>u.
1 .B. HALL, 14 McALUSTKKSTBEET. Zii^A.*
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana chlldrea.
I'ROi-IiSSIO>AL t'AKDS.
JOHN K. KICUAP.D^ J-A-W UVFJOKd KOOili
KQ and 17, Crocker Liuiuui*; mvyuout Mtu4
V 6, tan i'lancieca Cat. •
bTORAUE.
TJEDUOKD BATES, FUBNITU KE, PIANOS.
XV aouaehoia eooas, eic. J. U. i ■u:i:<_ -.:, 735 Mku 1
; PERSONALS.
\\riDOW DESIRES TO MEET EASTERN
»» i-ent!eman: object, business investment.
Room 3 223 Post st.
\ RE YOU SATISFIKD WITH YOUR HAIR-
t\ dresser? Have you tned L-derer? My nair-
dressin^ co»ti only 25c for any siyie (only one
I rice), ai:d is easily the best in town; swi ches
ruu from $1 to *3; bleaching roots of bair, 50c;
restoring grar or blear hair, from Sl 51) to $i.
G. LKDKRER, 111 SlOC'ttOn su
•ITS GOOD STUFF," ~~~ "
-1- A champion wheelman said of VITA OIL— so
they ail s.i. : cures sprains, bruises, stiffness, lame-
u> 6i always: Sl bo*.le, 6*5 SlO gallon; charges
prepaid. Address 1633 bL'I'HaXAX bT.
••"C'LKCTKICITY IS LIFE." "
Xj spinal complaints, weak and lame backs
cared as W.-11 as RHEUMATISM, at DX.
SMITH'S EL^TKO-MAGNETICB THS: don't
put it off, but < ome to-day: sure cure; hygieuic
board. SANITAIiII 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
A -TED -LADY KNTLEMAN, SMALL
" c-pital, for post lon in dmmatic company; in-
struction if needed; call week cays. 629 O'Far-
rell at,
ACIAL BLEMISH KS. WRINKLES, S.MALL-
' pox pittincs and superfluous hair removed by
latest disc .very ; suukeu eyes and cheeks filled
out; I aid ness cured. MP.S. E. KING, 5*4 Sutter.
A DVICE FRKK: DIVORCE LAWv A SPEC-
J\ laity: private; no fee v.lihou: success: pro-
baie, insolvency, wills, collections, bill* of sale'
damages, etc. : private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWK. a: -y-at-law. K6O Murket.cor.Stockto
RU.NKENNESS- CUKES GUARANTEED.
Gold « ure. Sacramento, Cal. : 26 Page St., S. F.
WANTED— BY A YOUNG WIDOW A GEN-
»» tlemau partner; small capital. 13a Taylor St.
•\JME. ROLLAND. PALMIST; MAGNETIC
■Ii treatment a specialty. Room 1, 223 Post st.
M.MU. MYRTLE POTIER i-EMOVKD FROM
13d2 Market St. to 33 S.xth. room 17.
PECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
hairdresslng and manicuring will bpgin M n-
d»y, kprll 'Jti; half rat;-s i^ivpn. Up-To-Date Par-
lor*, 1u26 Market St., o\er The Wonder.
■\7"ITA OIL. ~~"
V A powerful, penetrating, blood warming and
vitalizing rem-dy: does not blister: cures pains, in-
ternal and external: $1 bottlo: 6. $5: $10 gallon:
charges prep»:d. Address 15t3 BUCHANAN ST.
DETECTIVES ALL BRANCH-
XJ es legitima'c work. Muiien's Agency, 20 Ellis.
rpHK LABGi ST, THE BKST, HK QUICK-
-1 esi, the neatest, the cheapest, the largest and
be<t hairdnssiuc estubllshment on the coast: the
neatest and i>olitesl assistants and artists; the
quickest and cheapest service; hairdresung, any
style, is only '-5o; switches run from «1 to $3. G.
LKDEREIt, 111 Stockton st.
TMNE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOXH-
JT ing parlors. 513 Montgomery su
1 C\(\(\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50;
XUUU wedding work. HILL, 22V4 Geary st.
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. ltli. FUNKE. 1416 b.ighth su. Alamed*.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT; MODERN
tailoring: lowest price*. 218 Kearny, upstairs.
roSKPU guevea's opera schoolfur-
*J nisbes solo«, duets, quartets Or entire opera ac:s
for the pruies3tonal stage, and for oratorio, concert
or church a^ well, on shorteßt notice. Murphy
building, Mt-rket and Jones, rooms 121 and 1/2.
I)KLIaBLF. AND EFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
JV service, r.roms 19. "0 and 21, Chronida bldg.
Miss JKS>IE AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE
with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayelne
and bleaching h specialty. 114 1 / a O'irariclt su,
[lio:.e Brown 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a w.ek. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN* REsTAU-
rants combined: F. DELMUNTE & Co., pro-
prietors of Ihe old Buon Gusto Kestaurant, 4(1
i.road«av. have consolidated with MR. ANGELU
DKLMUNTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'italla at 430-4b2-434 Broadway, just opposite.
A(i\ ibCOI'E — NEW I KUJECTINU " MA-
Itl chine; usrs the kinetoscope tilros; price r»-
duced. $150. BACIGALUPI, 946 Market su
I^IG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON >HOW KVE-
Xi ry night cor. Market and Hixth ata.; artistic a4-
vertisements in Ilvlug light; promoter* ot boat-
cess, consult OWL ADV. CO.. -1140 Market st.
L»ARTINGTON'a pCHoOL Or MAG.VZINB
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, t'.r.. 424 Pine tv: illustracioiu :unuaii«l
lor taacazinei. newgpapen. etc.
KUPTUUK A.NU PILES CURED; NO Pa V
until enred: aend lor book. DR3L M^.Na.
>IELD4 iOKTi.HfIKLD bSU Marke; s'-
LKCTRIC UUHI* I.N KVEitY ROOM '
J Winchester Mon»». 44 Third bL, nr. Warkot:
100 rooms. 250 to $1 M) i er night: $1 50 to «a per
week; tree bus and baggage to and Irom the lerry.
CLUAK>. KUhJt A.» .■ Sl -s KKTAILKD At
\J whoiesala crtcei._ actorr. 2U rtnaoma su .
\ wi:v:ks news FOR 5 cents — tv»
*» REJfXT I'AIX. in wr*.DPtT, for maUlnz.
DKESS3IAKERS.
DKKB3K& #2 50 UP: CAPr.-, $1 UP; WRAP-
pers, r.Uo up. 4SI Minna st.
EDtCATION'AL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY ANITsCHOOITo^
Mn'.neiuatlcs: puplU prepared In dar and
evening classe< and by private lessons for Caliur-
r.ia a:.<l Stanford \inlvfnllir«; lochers,' marine
ent.ii'-eis' and civil wnrtea examlnattous; special
<-v'l; classes: matbematicK, mecbanical dniwin,-;
high school ) uplls coached- X.. 402 ParroU bldg.
\ S< HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Kloontloo, 1215OctavIa st., >au Francisca
MIHS KLIZA MACKINTOSH, ruP« of Profesior
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the hcliool of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Oflice <!avi. >ridayp v . Saturday a If.
HKALP'S BUSINESS COLLhIOE, 24 roST—
Bookbeeping, business prac:lc«, shorthand.
typing, telegraphy, languages, English braucaos,
ciccrtcal engineering: 'M teachers: 15,000 grauj-
ktes: day and evening sessions: catalogue.
A YRES*. TUJfi LEADING COLLEOK, 32?
-V lionLcomery at.; Individual Instructioa n
ih^rthaud, typinar. bookiceeplng. teiegraphr, eta
j;te scholarship $53r low ratet per week and ma.
BELAsCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
cv stage. K. t> and 12. 1.u.0. F. block, 7ih and Mkt.
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF AC 1 ING AND
Opera, Fautomlme aud Actlns; study ut reper-
toire and vocal music. »1 4 Geary su
ENGINtEKINU HOOL; MECH., ELEC
Xj civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taUEht; e5.1804. A.VANDKR NAILLKN.9S3 Mkt
OOKXPNO. WKIT.NO, ARITUaiTC. GRAMK.
day Jt nigh;: nocla<se»: $5 moniQ. B«sMissioo.
T>ANJOTACGUTTOBEGINNKRS, 20 CENTS
XJ per lesson. Address a., box 78, Call Oflice.
FI N >, C, KKM aN. 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servator.v and German High bchool. 110 Mydest
/UIIAK, MANI»OLiN. PiANo ANIJ Vutu-
\X lessons. *3 ma Mary Westhaus. 3» Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT A.DS FOR THE
Call taken at branch (-tln.e, i-ja li»y«a v.;
ot-en until y :30 o'clock.
SIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT ToTuRCH ASK A PIANO?
A We sell them for $3, S4, $5. $6, $7, $8. «9, $10
per month; alsoforcash: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
1 uyiu Dts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY ifc CO., cor. Kearny aud sutler ats.. bteln-
way dealers. .
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
J\. honso west of Chicago Is KOHLEU &
CHASE'S. 26, 2S and O'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
g«i>R aod all otn^r musical lnstruraenu, or ail
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everytlilne possible done to piaau auu nalisfy lh*
customer.
CTU.VLLY THE BKST BAKOAINa IN Pl-
nnos; monthly payments from *5 up; deliv-
ered free with stoul and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesroom* 933 Market bU, cpu. liaaou; «staa
llshed over 20 years.
BONA FJDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe, Bush it Gerts and others: sec-
oi.a-haud pianos from 9100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
'ION. successor to A. L. Bancroft «fc Co., 524 x'ost.
}7>INK Si'KINWAY 5175; WEBER »260;
i Hardman 83S0; each one a baraaln. THE J.
DEWI.nG CU , second floor, Fiooa building.
HAW, STEINWa\, »250; CUICKKRING.
SiBs; barsalns, $4 a month; a nice siuali up-
right, $96; rent $2 up. H-t-INE, 18« Ellis st.
FRIGHT PIANO, ALMOST NEW, CHEAP
for cash. Apply at 15Va '■umnersi.
<£1 9- RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
bargains HOKNUNG,2I6Post
C» 1 nn GP.OVKSTEEN FULLER PIANO
*$> ivU $b installments.' 221 Leavenv.or.h st,
ABBUENN PIANO; WILL CHARM YOU:
see it before you buy. 228 Post st.
VEAKLV NEW BABY GHAND STKINWAY;
Xl grea; bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye.
ARGAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAU VAIS\ 769
Market at.: agency Decker & Son's pianos,
T>AKK CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
Xt BQHJJJTZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla
A T bUKIL\IA.N, CLAY & CO.'s ONLY WiLi.
-TV. you Und a slock of new steinway pianos-
\\f .N. BAlJ^l-.lt. SOLK A KNT FO^HALLET
*' . .A: Davis anU Francis JKuruii pianos. 415 oacta
BYRON MALZV, iVi P->l' ST sOHMcU,
Newbv <t Kvani. Krices and other pianos.
QUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLDA NEW
Oil. MULLER, mai'.-c, repairer. - Lataaia plact.
Mieapyv - -- - • ■ - ■:-*^^jS.
CITY SEAL - ESTATE.
ffljjCArt NEW. SUBSTANTIAL. MODERN
tiPTyul;. park homes: up to date In •• very de-
tail; contain parlor, dining-room, kitchen,
pantry, S bedrooms, batb, 2 furnished attic
rooms, bard nmshe.l basement; fine p umbing; 3
•legant mantels: fine tas flztures: marble steps;
Urge iot ; sunny side of Frrder.ck si., .-.ear >tan-
yan. Take any park line to >tanyan st.,waU 2
blocks south; owner aud bui.der on premises.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE; OWNER GOING
East; no cffi-r refused: prominent business
corner on. 20th si.; lot 25x104; store and rooms:
flat above; all in good condition; cost 94700 only
4 months ago: this will be a bargain for some oa
■don't delay. Address at once K. M., box 39, Call.
<fc9nn 6 LOTS ON 10TH AVK. A • D G ST.,
tJT—UU. south >an Fr*ncisco: title clear; terms
easy. Apply V. E. GIGLING, «13 Mission st.
ON AND AFTER TUESDAY, APKLIL 2«,
I'a'-t rson <& Ca, real esta c dealers, will re-
move their offices to 1709 Market st.
ATEW COTTAGE.
i> $13U0: a short distance from City Hall; con-
tains 4 rooms and balh; lot 25x100; $200 cash:
balance same as rent. W. W. DN ALL, owner,
1b26 Hayes su ..
Gfcl ftf\(\ neat COTTAGE, WITH CHICK-
«iD-Lv/Ul/. en-house; on car line: *300 cash;
balance on lime. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
&1A f^nn ELEGANT RESIDENCE; 2-
ijr I\J.*J\J\J. atory, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rooms, etc. ; lot 25x137:6; house alone
> osl #lv. 000; this is a great sacrifice: see owner
on premises. 727 Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
d:Q7fifi NAIOMA-ST. HOUSE OF THREE
ij>*)l\J\J. rla:s; rent $30; always rented; lo:
25x75.
Clementina st. : 3-story house, 8 rooms;
rent reduced to $2t) ; lot 25x80.
These properti*-* must be sold to close an estate;
no reasouable offer will be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma su No agents.
<C9fifl LOT 75x100: LEVEL: NEAR CARS:
±KJ\J' worth $4L»O. F. W. FULLER, 19 Mont-
gomery.
FOR SALE— HOUSE 3 iROOMS AND LOT.
228 Day st., bet. Church and sanchez.
LOR SALE OR TO LET— 3-BTOKY HOUSE,
i 315 Guerrero st ; formerl Hansen Dyeinn
and Cleaning Works; steam power; well and
pump; s aole, 5 stalls: 40x112: easy terms; ap-
ply on premises, 1 to 4 p. m. : also cottage, 5 rooms
and batb, 302 Second aye., near Clemen: su
G* EORGE M. SALSBURY, BUILDER, WILL
VJ call and elye low estimates by addressing 521
X St., Sunset Heights.
CQfinn EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILI.
tij O\JyJ\J. St., nr. Castro: 6 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly moruaeed:
mortgage can remain If desired; good neighbor-
hood: place not large enough for present owner.
App y BKIGDEN <fc TLRNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make oiler.
sj-AA cash, BALANCE same as REN r,
yr •JXJyj for new house; sunny side of Coiest.,
near Waller: size of lot 25x125; contains 8 rooms
and all modern improvements.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
"PXCHA.VBE FOR CITY, OAKLAND OR ALA-
Xj meda. will pay equal difference, 48u acres. Sau
Luis Obispo County: all can be cultivated; 250
acres levrl; price $2750.
ON ACCOUNT OK DEPARTURE, FINi
Steams lady's wheel; cheap. Devany C/-
-clery, StanyaM s .
PROPERTY WANTED.
W. A NTED— BUY A HOUSE IN WESTERN
'» Addition, bet. El. ani Bush s'.s.; 8 or 9
rooms. J. IC. box 37, Call oflico.
MONEY TO LOAN
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Jj eiry. otc.: low lmeresu Cut-rate Loan Ollica,
r. 7, Flood bldg. 809 Market: lei. brown 19L
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In s. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates,
without removal: no lommUslont; no delays.
J. .noun an. lUl7to 1023 Musiou su, above blxtu.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY REsPKCTABLE AND PRIVATK.
piace to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and elry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S.ore. 94S il:.rket sU: telephone Green 204.
Cj'Jnn (\f\l\ AT 6'/ 3 PER CENT ON CITY
O\J\J. \J\J\J real estate; also Uakland: estate*.
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man
liaitMi Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
AM' AMOUNT; IST. 2D.OR MORTGAGED
estates, undivided iniernsis, rial estate in pro-
bate: fnrnltura and pianos without r«iuov»_
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room a
\\riiY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 660 Interest per mo. oa each $10!)
en "'I mortca? l *; any eecuriiy. Uold, box 4, Call.
a»D»>.'\ (iltn Al i»A>ii RATES: IST AN U
«IpOZitJ.L'V/v' 2d morteases. estate*, rents, eta
Itnd as low as »50. il. MURPHv. 62 Market su
OXFURNITUKE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNKK, 7 C!:y Hall ava.
TO I.OAN-$lO,OOO or 911.000 un CITY lil-
proved rea. estate. App y L., box 76, this ofllce.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KEAL ESTATE;
any amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Plae su, r. 3.
AO.OOO ON LIFK insurance POLICIF.R
«35lvi low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ, 33J Piue.
r. -rv TO »10.000; LOWEST RATK; IST 2D
«J*«)U roortg. : any proposition. Dryaeu. 413 Mont
NY SUM. IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
-t\. tates in probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, su
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RK-
uioviil: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
OS PIANOS AND FUh.MIIKK. WITUOUI'
removal very loiv interest. 116 McAHUter st.
A-iN-ANCIAL.
TirANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
" list o or unlisted atocks g'ld, silver and
quartz bought a:i '. assayed, F. Kl'ul'.aim CO.,
b.« MarKci su, opp. i aace Ho el, S. F.
FOX SALE-MISCKLLASKOOS.
ELEGANT FURNITURK, NEAISLY NEW.
of 8 rooms, for sale: must be een to be acpre-
ciated. 530 t-ak st., n<?cr Webster.
IJ-KAHAT GOLD LADIES' AMERICAN
1 n watch *11: cost $40. Unc.'e Harris, 15 Grant.
(TjQn AKROMOTOR WINDMILL AND 20UO-
ipOyt. callon tan^ in good condition, together
with galvanized piping for s».«- Apply of the
onuer, 3824 Nineteentu st. -;■ -.-■ \,
POX SALE CHEAP: FINK FAMILY COW;
P gentle: milks 22 quarts. 2733 Army St., near
Sa:i Bruno rod.
FIFE ORGAN FOR SALE CHKAP; SUITA-
b:e for church. Addrees P. 0., box 21, Call
OtLce.
"IMPROVED SINGKR SEWING MACHINK,
1 complete, cheap. 1915 Mission su, bet. Fif-
teenth and Sixteeuib.
I^OR SALK, TO BK RF.MOVKD; ELEGANT
house; BW. cor. Jacson and Taylor sts. In-
quire at 1120 Mission st.
MERY-WHEEL STAND, SMALL PURTA-
bIe for ie, trtpbammor, btU.-i, pu leys, etc.
114 First hU
ODA FOUNTAIN FOR SALK t HKAP-
Tufts' make: 16 places for syrup, for mineral
water, 2 for soda; large Frencu-plate mirror and
electric lights: cost $1100, for S6OO. Apply
PRAISER & BEW, Drugstore, Alameda.
.ARS, BACK BARS. MIRRORS, show-
« cases, counters, linoleum, offlca furnltura,
ftore and ot&ce furniture and fixtures, new and
second band. J. NoONAKf, 1017-loib-JU^i-Ju-J .
Mission s:.. above Sixth.
©iIAA SCHOONER, NEARLY NEW; 28
tjP^Uls. tons. Wharf, Walnut sU, Alameda.
TTOR 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
X plete; bkiff and moorings. CsB First su
A FES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. GO9
Market «v
BICYCLES, NEW, HIGH OKADJi^, )pib; iilii
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Reiuil,
216 McAllister st. Wholesa c, 61 First s:.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BA 1 HVUBS 810 EACH:
in perfect order. H. X WHJ'E, 51tt Mission
hUlliKß"* l» -D- HA-N j> A KIN ER
I) water-pipes. Mclntosh it Wolpman. 137 Beala.
COKXXK MILL. SCALES, LETTER VKES*
\J stand desk, money lilt, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHJSLV-
Ins, etc., bought and sold, llib'3 Mission, nr. 7th.
T At-GE DOUBLE COMPARTMEJs T COIN
XJ bank safa; cheap, b Mission su
AJEW ELMWOOD ARK THB BEST.
XV W.a RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California su
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZiS
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market %i.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A BPEC-
A lalty: private; no fee without success: pro>at».
Insolvency, wills, coilectlous, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 850 -M arket st . corner stockion su
ADVICK FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
J\. ceasful. W. W. DAVIDaON. 927 Market sl.
W. KING, ATTORNEY-aT-LAW, CHBON
• icle buildlog: advice free: low f 3: all c:xses
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET; V.K3.
2864 25th s:.; diseases of women a specialty.
tOCNIBI keat, ESTATE.
oqa ACRKS GOOD unimproved LAND
£-C\J in Tuolumne; also 160 acre* in Mart|,osa;
wooo and water; cheap for cash. A. BRUHNKk.
i 714 Polks:.
ffi» jnOft FOR SAI<K — so ACRES. LAND
fIUUU. near Santa Crar; 40 acres culti-
vated, 40 pasture and timber; bouse 16 rooms:
suitable for summer, resort: orcbard, carriage, i
horses, cattle, impl-ments: plenty wa;er; also hO
acres, suitable for chickeu ranch, for $1000. 10t9
Mission st.. S. F.
RBAT RAROAINS IN LAND: $35 PER |
acre; small p aces; improved anl unimproved; i
Alameda 1 or details write io H. J. DIGGLES, j
6a Columb a building. Market st., S. F.
1 /(-ACRE ORCHABD, MOaTLY CHERRY- j
» ■' bearing, on San Leandro eiectrlc road, o c
gant house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gain: will subdivide if necessary. B. FASaLtH,
e>an Leandro.
CA ACRES CHOICK LAND NKAR AUBURN;
■ \J valuatlo i $4uGO; will s»U or exchange for
city or OiiklanJ property. J. H. KG- .KKa, 1 and 9
Grand Western, Mar.ct sU, cor. Polk and Austin.
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOMhS ASPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESSSIORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma. CaL
1 '-m-ACRE TKACT AND ACRE TRACT
Lt.)\J at f2O per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
cated for poultry raising. A. H. CHtsSMOKt,
soriomu, Cal.
■ REAT BARGAINS IN LAND; 536 PER
* I acre: small places; improved and unimproved;
Alameda County, near bau Francisco. For de-
tails write to H. J DIGULES. 69 Columbian
building. Marke. su, San Francisco. -^
©J(|TO?8U; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•jTjrtyj unimproved land: terms tosnit; fruit, grain,
vegetables; rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bids.
Little homes ilose io town-, im.
proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on « «nd I 1 .* years' credit. D. H. TWINO, So-
noma City: every Mondar at 632 Market su. S. F.
FOR CHEAP LAND AND ALL'IMPROVED
J; ranches, near town, write to W. L. FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Ca'.
QOA ACRt> FRUIT, GRAIN AND PASTURE
O£d\J land; Shasta County; improvements best;
no incumbrance; for 33250. A. G., box 61, Call
Office.
fIVC AN ACRE: 1280 ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
<I?u for stock or fruit; plenty water. S., box 40.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR S CENTS— TH«
A WKEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for maliins.
OAKLAND ADVERTiSEMENfS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN BEAUTIFUL FRUITVALE; A
sacrifice from $2000 to Sl'.'sO for imme late
sale: nlc« m< dern c< t age or 6 rooms and bath;
fine mantel: 7-foot basement: lot 50x141; Va b.ock
from Fruitvale aye.; terms if desired.
AAA HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS, HASEMENT,
fDX\J\J\i. chicken-houses: lot 80x232; frontage
on2strejts. •
CJ>KAA. COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS, STABLE,
«35UUv/. good well and pump; lot 50x137.
(JJiJ'A COZY COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMP. 2
<£>'*•-'• chicken-houses; city water; lot 75x
108; all fenced.
<s?jOf; BIX LOTS, 25X150 EACH: TWO
*iP^t£tO, blocks from electric cars : terms If de-
sired.
<ftl Q^O CHICKKN RANCH; 3% ACRES;
ijilUtlU, 2 acres in bearing orchard: honse Of
5 rooms and bath good barn: 12 chicken-houses;
water piped to house and yard.
€t-innn B acres in BEARING OR-
V I'lUl'i chard of a variety; house of 4 rooms:
Chicken-houses; irood well; will exchange for Oak-
land or Alameda improved property.
Apply to H. A. PLEITNER,
: '• < ; Fruitvale station.
i C\(\(\ ACRES FINE GRAIN LAND FOR
I \J\J\J sale at baiKalu or exchange. H. W.
MAXFIKLD, 90 Broadway, Oakland.
li'OU SALE OR LEASE FOR ONE r"EAR TO
i. htsbly resronsib:e party— Unfurnished house
of 12 rourns and bath: large stable: ornamental
grounds: vmdt; and fruit, trees; with or without
. berry orchard on Fruitvale aye. Address A. 8.,
Call oUice, OaSlacd.
BARGAIN— 8-ROOM HOUSE: LOT 60X125;
on Teti-caph aye. : must be sold. O. A.
LANE, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
©.-. CASH, S5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
<&<> upward; out of 33-acre Ailendale Tract, East
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will huild you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900,
lucltidln* lot: psyroeut as rent ; site, climate and
►oil superb: 3 eiectric roads and tine school near:
conveyance Jree. 459 .Ninth st , bet. Broadway
ana \\ nsiiuisitot.. Oaltland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Fruitvale: only a minute's walk tothe station;,
see the owners at their otiice iv Fruitvale for bar"
gales BASSrTT BROS., Fruiivale station.
C« 1 t\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS Mn.LROSE STATION
0 1 UU Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME HITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
FitchburK. beyond Fruitvale; the best propert/
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
*an Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soli excellent ior gardening: very best water
i&cIIUIes; good school: terms to suit. Berore bny-
ing In this locality see the owner ot this property,
C. M. KL'NKLE. 915V£> Washington su, upstairs,
room 28, Oaxlaml. Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
CJO= TO RENT; FURNISHKD COTTAGE 5
tg)£iO rooms and bath: lot 76x200: lruit and
flowers: near electric-cars, etc. 1321 Twenty-
sixth aye., Fruit vale, Kast Oakland.
yiNE 8-KOOM RESIDKNCE: WELL FUR-
r nlshed: large, cultivated grounds: choice loca-
tion; rent $50 per month: re*ay May 1. Wit M.
Dh WOLF. 1050 Broadway, Oa«laud.
T ARGE 8-ROOM UNFURNISHED HOUSE;
J-i In good repair and very desirable nei«hr>or-
hood; rent *25. WJk M. Dii WOLF, 1050 Broad-
«uy. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
TO LET TO THE PRuPER PARTY— I OR 2
sunny rooms; upstair*: either furnished or un-
furnished, with breakfast, if desired, iv choice
locall.y, at reasonable price-i. where home com-
tons an be enjoyed, in s.rictly private family;
references exchanged. 1217 Webjter St., Oakland.
Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
LARGE RO MS; GALINDO HOTEL,
J oakland;6oar<! option*!. Kthst., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADYERIISEMENfS'
ATJUKWtMk KJiAI. FRTATH.
7-ROOM HOU.SE; FINK LOCATION; BAR-
i (tain: $2100.
Beautifu lot: 60x125: $500.
Corner lot: 80x138: Bne location; bargain.
Furnished hoiiHes, t'i'i 50 to $103.
E. D. J UDD <fc CO., 1424 Park st.. Alameda.
FI N W RESIDENCK, NKVKR BEEN
occupied, at a bargain, sl.uated in the choicest
of loculities; a large payment has been made upon
it, and forfeited, which enables us to sell far below
cost; see It and make oiler. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD CO., 1364 lark St., Alameda.
, ARUAIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
1 ' from city; choice land: lruit, bay, cram, veg-
etables, with living springs; $25 to $35 per acre,
11. J. DIuULEs. 69 Columbian buildin*. s. F.
HOTELS.
UHOOKLYN HOTKL, 208-212 BUSH BT.,
J-J toard and room $1 to |2 per day, (6 to *li
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
rcoms for famUy $i io SI SO per night; tirst-dass
Mrvica.- itto coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
Additional Classified Advertise*
ments on Page 7.
LUil li& — AB Rl — bLkUi
MARRIED.
GIESE-NOLAND— In this city. April 24, 1897.
by Key. J. Faendeling, Budoiph H. Glese and
Kate Noland.
DALLAMORK-3AUMOARTEN— In this city,
April 24, 1837, by Rev. J. i-aendellng, George
C. Daliiimore and Mrj. Antonle A. Baurugar.en.
HAYE-HARTMANN— In this rity, April 25,
18»7, by Rev. J. Fuendeling. Heinrlch Haye
a d Marie Hartmann.
COX-TRISCH— In this city, April 14,1897. by
Hey. J. Fu»udeilng, William Anthony Cox and
Catharlna Trl<rh of • acram»mo. Cal. -
DliiD.
Blaokman, CasMus H. Lorenz. William
Bu.kley, Dennis McCarthy. Daniel
Cardiff. Georga F. Marquarrifr, Donald B.
Chesson.Mrs. Elizabeth T.iahuny. Esther
Debsnbam, Grace J. Moroney. John :
F.ilert, Mrs. Mary A. Moller (Infant)
Ersin, Emily I£ Noonan, Mlchaal
Estelltu, Ann C o'Comor. la.Uerlne S.
Finking, Richara Pen field, Ellzabetn
Fisher. Roy Kagi;lo. Maria
Fiynn, Dennis Rielly. Pa nclc
Gorham. (>eor>se OL Jr. Rowland. Clara.
Harris, ilarrle; M. Sheen&o, -aran
I Hickey. Andrew Simpson, I homas B.
Hughes, add Stokes, Beroard J. >
Lauterwasaer, F. P. Ward. Aon
BLACKMAN-In this city, April 35, 1897, Cas-
s us H., beloved father of Casslus Blackoikn Jr.,
a nstlve of Vermont, aged ti-> years.
BUCKLk-Y — In Angwius. Na.-a County, Cal.'.
April 24, 1897, l)orm s b'-ioved husband of
Elizabeth Buckley, and tathtr ot Corne.ius A.,
S. J.. Mary auJ .^nnie Buckley.
Jts* friends and acquaintance* nre respect-
fully invited to attend th 9 funeral .TO-iIORROW
(Tuesday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m., from his laf»
r»-sl <ence. 1:3 EJdy sirt-et, thence io st, Mary's
C*the iral, O't'arrell street and V an Ness ave-
nue, where a s ■!emn requi^ru mass »ih be
celebrated lortbe reposeof n is soul, commencing
at b o'clock a. jc interment Holy Cross Cd:u9-
terv. Please emit flowers.
CARDIFF— In this city,' pril 25, 1897, George
Francis beovea son of F.ichard J. atui Mnr^arec
A. Car.iiff, iiroilit-rof Jcse h, Walter, Emily und
Mabel Ctrdln*. and grandson cf tlie la c John
Burke, a native if San Fru.nci-.co, aged 26 years.
CHESSO.S-ln thU ciiv, April 23. 1897, \Hr_i.
Elizabeth Che^3Ou, a native of En^taa'i.
DKBKNHAM— In city. April 25. 1897, Grace
Jettrey. beloved daucrhur of U. \V. and KIU
Debcnham, a nativ- Caliiornia, aied » yean
8 mnnttn aud 25 days.
( «3TFu!ieral THIS DAY '( Monday), at I
0 clock p. n..from lU2J Valencia street. Inter-
ment Cypress lawn cemetery. Mrictiy private. ■
ELLERT— In th stity. April i 5. 1887. Mrs. aiary
A. Kli.-rt, a na-.lve of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 75
years 6 months und 22 days
Dbtr.Noi.ee #f .jjmtM ■«;•»•:»- '/''-:.'.
ERSl.V_in this city, April 24. 1897, Emily Edr.a
Ersln, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 6 niontns.
EsTELIiA— In this city. April 25, 1897. Annfo
Cons'.auce, oelove daughter of Alexander and
Katherine Es.e.tta, and sister of Madeline and
Oertrude Estellta, a native ot siati FrancUjo,.
aged 9 moatns and -2 days. „ '. •
FINKING— In this city, April 25. 1897, Richard,
beloved husband ot Eiuille Fiuktie. son of
Richard and Maria Finking, and son-in-law of
Fred and Louise Attinger, a native of .-an Fran-
cisco, aged -Jo' years H montiis and 7 da>-s A
member of Xl Dorado Parlor, N. S. G. W., ana
fcan Francisco Turn Vereln.
JB3TiNoi.ee of lunoral ueroafter.
FISHER— In this city, April 25 1807, Roy. be-
lov.-d son of Josepb aud Mary Fisher, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 7 days.
FLYNN— In South sia rr» ic.icj. April 25,1897,
• ennls Flynn, beloved father of Mrs. Eajene
Sweeney, Mrs. James Kear^s vi naunt Ro^a and
Mrs. William Dunlop or Mockio:i, a native of
County Cork, Irelan.i, -i<*J 65 years.
£9"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltea to attend tne funeral TO-MOKiiOvV
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock r. m., from the residence
of his sju-iu-law, Jbugene t»«r*en*.r, 90a Rail-
road avenue south, near Klevemh avenue south,
tsouth San Francisco, thence to All Hallows
Churcn for services. lutermen: Holy Cross
Cc meter r.
GORHAM-In Bakersfield, Cal., April 23. 1897,
George c. Gorham Jr., beloved hnsband of Mary
M. Uorham, and eldest son of oeorue c. Gor-
ham of Washington, D. C, aged 42 years
HARRIS— In this city, April 25, 1897, Harriet
M. Harris, a native of Massachusetts, ased 5i
years.
HtCKEY-In Oakland. April 25, 1897. Andrew,
belovea hnsband of Mary E. Hickey, and father
of Lawrence T. and Mary T. Hickey, Mrs. R.
W. Murlck aud William >. Hickey ot Portland,
Or., a naiivu ot County Kildare, Ireland, aged
76 year*.
MSf Friends of the family are respectfully ln-
Tlied to attend the fuueral Tu-^iUKrioW
(Tuesday), at J»:15 o'clock a. m., from his lat»
residence. 555 Tweuty-aecoud street, thence to
St. Francis de Sales Cuurch. where a solemn
high mass will bo celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment St. -vlary 's cemetery, Please omit flowers.
HUGHEtj— In this city. April -j 4, 1897, Ann, be-
loved wife of the late John Hughes, mother of
Mrs. Ueorue Woods aud Mrs. Patrick Mullln,
and sister of Ellen Hogan, a native of County
Kerry. Ireland.
XiTFriends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fn ly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clook a.m.. from the resl-
denon or her Bon-in-law, 4193 1 w.-nty-sixta
street, corner Cas:ro, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twentr-mnth and Church streets, wner<» a sol-
emn requiem ma«s will be celebrated for the
repose or her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LAUTERWASSEH— Alameda, April 23. 1897,
Frederick P. Lauterwasser, a nauve o: tier-
many, a^ed 7 7 year* 2 months and 24 days,
LORENZ— In Oakland, April 24,1897. William,
beloved husband ot Catherine Lorenz. and father
of F. W. Lorenz, a ntuive of Uaaover.Uermany,
aged tiH years B months aad 23 days.
JS3K" Frle n:ls and acquaintances are respsc'-
fullyiuvited to attend tne funeral TtllS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock f. m.. from his late resi-
Qei.ce by:9 sixteenth street, Oakiaud. interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, ,\prli 25, 1897, at St.
ilary's Hospital, Daniel McCarthy, a native of
1 iverpool, i-.nglunii. aged 80 years and 7 months.
KiT ■mains at the parlors oi the Union Un-
dertaking Company, 733 Mission street.
MAfQIAKKIL-lu this ciiy, Apr.l 24, 1897.
Donald Brnce, be'.OveJ husbaud or Tessie Barry-
Mac quarrie. a na.ivtj or Ioi:e. Scotland, aged 49
j.-ar, 10 months and 9 days, iloronto (Can-
ada) anil New Voric City papers slease copy. J
je.s"K7.eiid.< and acquaintances ard rriji:-.
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tu-MOKKOW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lorsof the Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
24^9 Mission street, near Twenty-ilrst. interment
Cypress Lawn cemetery, by e.ectnc funeral-car
from Twentieth aud (iuerrero streets.
MAHONY — In this city. April 25, 1897, Esther,
beloved wife of Peter Mahony, a native ot Mis-
sissippi, aged 43 years.
MOLLEK— In Mount Eden, iniant child of Cap-
U ii M. Moller.
43" The funeral will be held TO-MORROW
(Tues .ay) at -i p. x , from Captain Mol.er's resi-
dence in Mount Kdeu. Interment in Mouut
Kdeu Cemetery.
MORONEY— In this city. April 24. 1897. John,
beloved husband of Kate Moroney, and iat i tr of
Mary K. Moroney. a native of County Kilkenny,
Ir<-ia .1 aged o9 years.
&S~Friends aiut acquaintances are resp*c;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from hi* late
residence. 1710 Bush street, ihence tost Mary's
Catn.-dral, Van Ness avenue and O'Fa rell
street, where a solemn requiem mass wi:l be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at,
10 o'clock a.m. interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
NOONAN-In this city, April 24, 1897. Michael,
beloved hnsband of Elizabeth Noonan, and
father of Thomas, John and the late Lizzie Noo-
nan, a native of County Gal way, Ireland, aged
68 years
JS3~Fr!ends and acquaintances and members
of Valley Lodge No. iiU. a. O. U. W., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 4330 Army street, near Diamond,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the reposa ot
his soul, commencing at 9:3U o'clock a. h. In-
termeat Mount Calvary cemetery.
O'COSSOK- In thl* tltv. April 24. 1897, Cather-
ine t*.. beloved wife of the late Michael c. O'Con-
nor, and mother of James S. O'Connor and Mr i.
B. Y. Hobsou, a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land, a^ed 65 years.
a?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS >AY"
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. k.. from h^r late resi-
dence, 16 Virginia avenue, ihence io St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem mass will bi
celebrated for the reposa ot her aoul, commenc-
ing at 8:30 o'clock a. v. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PENFIELD-In Alameoa. April 24, 1897, Eliza-
beth Pen field, a native of Oregon, aged 36 years
1 month and 14 days.
BAUGIO— In Madrone, April 24. 1897. Mari*
Raggio. mother of Mrs. A. Damon te and Mrs. G.
Kacßio, a native of Italy, aged 67 years.
AGJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. ir., from the residence,
b£ Nona San Padro street, San Jose, thence to
St. Joteph'it Church. Interment Santa Clara
i >m»tery.
REILLY-In this city, April 25, 1897. Pauick.
beloved husband of Sarah Rieliv and father of
James and John Rielly and Hrs. Phil o'Dou-
nel!, a native of County Cavau. Ireland.
eS-No.ice of funeral hereafter-
BOWLAND— In this city, April 25. 1897, Clara,
intant daughter of Manning and Mol.le Row-
laud, a native ot San irancisco, aged 2 months
and I<> days.
BHEEHAN— In this city. April 25, 1897, Sarah,
beloved daughter of Micliael and Margaret
Sheehan. an 1 ster of John anl James Fltt-
patrick. a native of .-an Francisco, a;ed 18 years
and ii months.
Friends and acquaintances are respss--
fnlly invited to atienJ the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from hef
late resldetice, 210 Moulton street, oit Plllmor*
between Greenwich and Lombard, thenc* to St.
lirldget's Church for services. Interment Holy
Crois Cemetery.
SslMi'SON-In this city. Aprll\24. 1897, Thomas
8., beloved hunband of Wilheimlna J. p. on,
aud father or M try £ William F. aud Ctyje O.
pion. a native of Montreal, Canada, aged sft
years.
JBS^Notic* of funeral in Tuesday morning's
papers.
STOKES— In East Oakland, April 24, 18*>7. Ber-
nard J. f-tok«s, ana.lveof Oakland, aged ,->i>
vear< 5 moruhs and 25 iU;.-s.
WARD-ln ths ciiy. April 24 1897, Ann, beloved
wife of Bernard vv ard, a native of County Sllgo,
Irelitnd, ac»d b9 years.
*»-The funeral will lake place THI3 DAY
(Motidnv), at 9 o'clocic a. m., from her late rejl-
deuce. 7 -eymour avenue thence to Holy Cross
Church, where service* will be held. Interment
Mount l'»!i»ri' Ometery. Plec.se omit flower*.
McAVOY™& -'GALL AC 1 ™ '
DIEKCTORS EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.— THIS BUSINrS* OF JKAVOV
& GALLA*>H X »Ili be conducted at tha
old siaud. No. 20 Fifth str<-eu for the Lenerit
ofthowldowof the lnie Hh.VKY J. GALLAii-
HJißandhls sister, MISS ANNIE 1. LI.AQ-
Hi.i;. ■ XiKS. H. J. GA .LaGHKK. '
ANNIE B. UALLAGHKR.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUK THE SALS
of burial plats and graves in Its cemetery aaJ
give deeds.
Perpetual cnr» of lots will be arranged for at ths
Superintendent's otticj Et the cemerery, cornet
Bush street and Central avenue, ts&n Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO "COUNTY: NEAREST CEME>
tery to the city; nou-sectarian: in no sense ex-
clusive; location untixcelleu. Ottice hvi lk*im
■ue«u feombeasi coiuef ux mxv.
910
ST. ROSE'S
SOLEMNLY
DEDICATED
The Consecration Ceremony
Read by Archbishop
Riordan.
MANY VISITING CLERGY
PARTICIPATE.
Magnificent Music Adds to the
Occasion's Impressive
ness.
CONFIRMATION IN THE AFTER
NOON.
Two Hundred and F.ffv V >ung People
Formally Received Into the
Church.
The people of St. Rose's Parish had rea
son to be proud and happy yesterday.
Their beautiful new etiurcti on Braunan
street, between Fourth and Fifth, n»«
solemnly dedicated by Archbishop Rior
dan, and the effor.s ol Father Nugent,
ably seconded by Fathers Gieason and
Ktnneally, as well a* the loyal parishion
ers, are now borne witness to by one of the
finen sacred edifice* in the City.
The dedicatory services commenced at
10:30 o clock yesterday morning, and it
was nearly '1 o'clock in the afternoon be
fore they were completed. The first part
of the service consisted of blessing 'he
outer walls. The precession, which formed
at the sanctuary, was led by Rev. Maurice
Kennealiy, sub-deacon, cross-bearer.
A force of twenty-four altar-boys fol
lowed. Six torch-bearers to the Archbishop,
Messrs. Conroy, Mu.ville, Maroney. Djly,
Horn and Walsh, preceded the vittuing
clergy, who were Fathers McGinty of Holy
Cross, Conoily of Si. Paul's, Gente of the
French Church, Gleason of St. James,
Maximilian ot St. Boniface and Father
Mulligan, secretary to the Archbishop.
Father Nugent, pastor of the new cnurch.
marc .«d wnu the viiu'ors. Archobiiop
Riordan was attended by Father Bohen of
Chicago and Father butler of Si. I;;na
tius, deacons ot honor; Rev. Joseph M.
Gleason of St. Rose's was master of cere
monies.
The procession proceeded from the sanc
tuary down tlie middle aisle through tne
main entrance. The altar boys here
formed in a line on the sidewalk with
Father Kenneally, cross-bearer, in the cen
ter. Here the Archbishop performea the
heautiiul ceremony of blessing the out»r
walls while the clergy chanted the "Mis
erere."
The procession then returned down the
middle aisle to the aJtar, and there the
litany of saints was chanted by all in uni
son. The procession then made a circuit
of the inner walla, ending at the sanctu
ary, where the prayer of thanksgiving was
sung by the A rcn bishop.
At the conclusion of the prnyer j
the Archbishop proceeded to tue
throne, where Fathers .Mulligan and ;
Maximilian acted as deacons of honor.
Father Allen of St. Ignatius celebrated
solemn high mass, wiiu Fattier Bohen of
Chicaso as deacon, Father Dialer of St.
Ignatius subde&con :t:id Father J. BL
Gleason of St. Rose s master-of-cere- !
monies.
The music throughout the ceremonies
■was particularly beautiful and effective.
A double tr:o, ihe same waicn sang the
Easter service, composed the choir, nnu a
lull string orchestra assisted. The mans
was taken from Generali and LambiHote.
Daring the consecraion the orchestra
played the intermezzo from "Cavalleiia
Rusticana." A pleas. up feature of the
ceremonies was the work of the altnr-boys.
who moved with military precision and
w^re always in harmony.
The Archbishop delivered the dedica
tory sermon. He preached from the gos
nel of the day. "Peace be to you."
Though this may have been a conven
tional form of speech among the Orientals
and :he Occidentals also, he said, as used
toy our .Savior, it naa a meaning above
common parlance. Ii wa* one of the
precious words used Dy ttie Savior in the
lew days be remained on earth after the
resurrection.
"He left two kinds of peace," said the
Archbishop, "peace of mind and peace of
heart. Peace of mind because to the
apostles and their successors he had be
queatoed the solution of all difficult ques
tions of life, as Whence come we? or
Whither go we? The only definite an
ewer to the«e things is in the Catholic
faith, as coming down from tho Sarior
himself.
"Ptace of heart, inasmuch as he has
left, is the moans of reconciling ourselves
to the God wnom we have offended by our
wrongdoing.
"These words of onr Baylor are roost
appropriate on a day like this, when form
ally and officially a n"w church is
opened to the service of God. It shows
us that we are part of that grand congre
gation apart from the world and entitled
to be cailed the church of Cnrisi."
In the afternoon the Archbishop con
firmed L'2s candidates Tn« children were
marshaled by Mrs. Margaret Sullivan,
Miss Nellie McCreagh, Mist Mary Cusick
end Miss Teresa Rue/. The boys were
led to the a'<ar rirst, followed by tho
young men. For these Thomas Mcßride
mood sponsor. The girls, looking very
cbarmine in their while dresses, veils and
wreaths, came last. Miss Kate Gallagher
acted as sponsor for them.
The Archbishop on account of another
engagement addressed the young people
very briefly, but promised in the luture to
give them more extended instruction.
In the evening Father P. <J. Yorke
pmached at the new church.
Father Nugent, assisted by Father
Gleason as deacon, and Father Kenneally
as sub-deacon, pronounced the solemn
benediction.
'I urued on the I*M.
William Robinson, residing at 501 Post
street, turnea on the gas In bis room yesterday
afternoon at 5 o'clock with the intention of
committing suicide. One of the lodgers de
tected the oaor and saved Kobinson's life. A
police officer was summoned and Robinson
■was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the application of restoratives brought him
out of danger. He denied that he had in
tended to destroy himself.
Stolen Milk and Cijj;ir*.
F. Mahonev ana J. J. Carroll were found by
Officers Milcr and Mnith on Vhii Ness avenue
at 3 o'clock yesterday morning with ahorse
and buggy, the possession of which they could
not satisiactorny account for. An examina
tion of the buggy brought forth a can of milk
and nine boxes of cigars. The officers took
the men to the Central Station and placed
their names on the detention book.
TO CCBE A COLO IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drue
«lhU refund ilic moucy v it laiia to cur* i&c.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN Preached an Impressive Sermon at the Dedication of St. Rose's Church
Yesterday. His Text Was, "Peace Be To You."
KEEFER`S GHOST
SAID TO STALK
Mile. Hassler, the Artist,
Saw the Missing
Man's Spirit.
Was Wated By Her in t! c Build
irg Where the Mining
Man Lcd?ed.
Sje Tells a WHrd Story for the
California P?ych;cai Society to
Investigate.
The ghost of Windsor A. Keefer is said
to be nightly stalking through the halls
of the bu.ldiui,- at the southeast corner of
Geary street and Grant avenue.
Mile. Hastier, the artist and teacher of
WINDSOR A. KEEFER, the Missing Miner, Whose Ghost
Said to Stalk at Night About the Corridors of His Old Home.
the French language, who has been the
mining man's neighbor on the fourth
floor of that edifice, over the City of Paris,
is authority for this statement.
"I saw him," ohe said to a Call re
porter yesterday, "and I therefore know :
of what I am speaking."
Windsor A. Keefer is the well-known i
raining man who was one of the principal j
owners in the Jupiter mine in (Jaiaveras i
County. In March last he left this City |
for the mines, and the last that was seen I
of him was when he started oat hunting j
over the mountains with President i
Thompson, his friend and associate in ;
Calaveras mines. The two men separated !
during tne hunt, and only one has been
seen since thai time. What has become j
of Keefer is a mystery to every one but
Mile. Hassler, who is sure ne is dead.
Her story is so fraught with all that is
weird that it might well be taken up by
the California Psychical Society.
"I know nothing about the disappear
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1597.
ance of Mr. Keefer," said the lady, "until
I descended the eievator one day. The
man in charge told me he fu missing,
and asked whether I would, like the other
ladie> on our floor, put In $2 toward a
fund to have his whereabouts looked tip.
"I toM the man that 1 would do noth
insr of the kind as I knew Mr. Keefer was
dead.
"This is bow I knew it," Mile. Hassler
explained in all earnestness. "1 had Rone
into the bathroom down the hallway the
night previous to water my Mowers, as I
do every night. The door was opeu and 1
had a gocd view of the hull.
"Strange as it miphi appear, a feeling of
chill and fear came over me. 1 heard no
noise, but something ind' finable caused
me to turn and look out into the hall. 1
was almost frightened to death when 1 did
so, for right there before me I saw Mr.
Keefer, or nhat was a white-sarued, deep-
Minken-eyed representation of him. The
vision, for it appeared almost transparent,
seemed to rioat down the hallway. There
way something so unreal übout It that it
was ghostly. I did not know then that
there was anything wrong or suspicious
about Mr. Keeler, but I felt I was in the
presence of death.
"The ghost, as I regard that apparition
now, silently passed from my view as a
dissolving mist when it reached the room
door of Mr. Keefer's apartments."
Some years ago Mile. Hassler had an
odd experience, whicn was broucbt to
her mind yesterday while renewing her
meeting of Keefer's spirit.
"It was on August 3, 1883." she said.
"The Winter Garden, a great barn built
for concert and political purposes on the
site of where the Pacific Union Club 18
now, took fire. I believe an actor was
burned there. I was then boarding next
door witn a Mrs. Bessett. The flames shot
over to the very spot where 1 stood look-
I ing at the lire and I would have been
burned to death had it not beer, that a
few seconds before some unseen force
j pushed me along and out of the way. I
; cannot explain exactly what it was, but 1
j ?elt as if I was being kicked about the
heels and a voice i<eemed to tell me
'Move; move away." I no sooner had
I moved than the flames came over to the
| spot on which I stood, as if they had been
j wafted through a funnel. 1 '
So despondent are Keefer's relatives of
, his being found that yesterday relatives
! opened his room and practically took
j charge of the rftcctr.
The Kolpiiins- Outing.
• The Dolphin Boating and Swimming Club
held its yearly picnic in Bohemia Grove in
Sonoma County. The crown was very large
an<l the weather, while a little warm, was not
sufficiently tropical to prevent the pleasure
seekers from having a delightful time dancing
and strolling among the hills. The picnic was
a success in every way.
MAYOR PHELAN
CALLED ON HER
Mrs. Helen Gardener Re
ceived a Distinguished
Visitor.
The Women's Congress Will
Convene This Morning at
Golden Gate Hall.
The Pro^r iinm3 for To-Day Promises
to Be a Most Briilunt and
Interesting One.
To-day marks the opening of the fourtn
annual meeting of the Women's Congress
of the Pacific Coast. The meetings,
owing to the objections iaised by the First
Congregational Church, will be held at
Golden Gate Hall. Everywhere the great
eat enthusiasm is being felt and conse
quently the ladies are very confident of
the good results of the session.
Excellent programmes have been pre
pared, which will be liinbiy interesting.
The origin particular star, however, will
bs Mrs. Helen H. Gardener, the well
known author and orator. Yesterday
afternoon Mrs. Gardener was resting from
the effects of her long, tiresome journey.
In an interview yesterday she said she
was very much pleased with the pro
grammes arranged and with her reception
here. On arriving she lound awaiting her
a letter of welcome from the Honorable
Mayor Phelan — a most delicate littJe at
tention, she thought. Yesterday after
noon Mr. Pheian called in person and
enjoyed a most pleasant visit with her.
One of Mrs. Gardener's novels, "An
Unofficial Patriot," has been dramatized
by Mr. Heurne. and will most liicely suc
ce-d the ponular "Shore Acr-s" when that
play shall have finished its long run.
Following is the list of the officers and
10-morrow's programme:
Mrs. John F. Swift, president; Mrs. Lovoll
White, vice-president at laree; Mrs. AJa Van
Pelt, recording secretary; Mrs. George Oulton,
corresponding fecretary; Mnie. L. A. borbier,
treasurer; associate directors— Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, Mr*. Austin Sperry, Mrs. Henry
Gibbons Jr., Mrs. E. W. McKinstry, Mrs. George
T. Gaden, Mrs. (ieorgi- W. Bunnell.
Monday, April *2«i -"Child Psychology."
Mornini: session — Rev. Georpe CL Adams,
prayer; Rev. George E Walk, address; Mayor
Phelau, address; President Jordan, address;
I'renident Swift, address; response.
Afternoon session— Protestor T. B. Bailey of
Berkeley, "Child Study and Reverence"; Miss
Lucy M. Washburti ol San Jose, "Relation of
Parents and Children to Sr.hooiwork" ; Rabbi
Nieto, "Moral Training of Children"; Mrs.
Wilson Gould of Oakland, "Cnild Culture."
Evening Fession— Mrs. Louise Maltland ol
Stanford. "The Development of Children ns
Seen in Their Drawing*" (illustrated); Miss
Grace Bnrnar.i, "Modllicatious of the Kinder-
Karten System in the Litrht oi Child Study";
Miss Mary Donnelly, "Unconscious Tuition";
Professor Earl Harness, "Children's Ideas of
Punishment.''
BROKE INiO A PKEIGHTOAR.
Henry Collins Arrested on the Charge
of liurgary.
Henry Collins was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Policemen Ryan and
ODea and Special Officer Kinlan on the
chaige of burglary.
On April 13 Collins and a companion
broke into a freighter at Seventh and
Towuseud streets' and stole about $50
worth of bra«s, which they hid in a lot ad
joining the branch telephone otlice at Sev
enth and Townsend.
Two nights later Collins and his friend
went to the let to remove the brass. The
nightwatchman at the telephone cilice
had (.ecu notified to look out for them, and
when he saw them he tried to capture
them. They ran and the nigbtwatchman
fired two shot? at them, but missed them.
Since then the officers have been look
ing for Collins, and succeeded in arresting
him early yesterday morning.
PURSUED BY
A NEMESIS
The Hysterical Ashley-
Sisters on E J. Bald
win's Trail.
THEY LEAVE THE HOTEL
IN TEARS.
Their Intended Coup d'Etat
Proves a Dangerous
Boomerang.
WIGS AND FALSE NAMES LED
TO TROUBLE.
Tho Scheme Was to Force the Million
aire to Adopt Miss Lillian Ash
lev's B. b.'.
Miss Liliian Ashley, the unfortunate
young woman who made herself notori
ous by occasioning the shooting at E. J.
Baldwin In the Superior Court some
months ago during the progress of a
trial wherein she claimed that he was
the father of her babe, scored another
hnmiliatinc failure last night.
She and her sister, Eninia, who had
teen quartered at the Baldwin for several
days und«ir the pleasing delusion that
their sojourn as 'Mrs. and Miss Lay"
would prova a coup d'etat that would
make Mr. Baldwin adopt the infant and
support its aunt and mother, were hustled
out of the hotel without ceremony.
Hysterical and weeping lite Niobe, the
heroine of the late revolver episode folded
her tent and hurriedly left the hotel in a
carriage, Mating that she was ill and
needed rest in some hospital, announcing
that her sister would remain for a
time with Irieuds. As they had no
money with which to settle the bill for the
eleeant s-uite of rooms they had occupied
Colonel Kowalsky chivalrously advised
Manager Stone to allow them to depart.
•'lf they surrender possession they virtu
ally give us nine points in the battle,"
said he, "and it is cheaper to let them go
than to feed tnem here and allow them to
occupy luxuriant quarters."
So the women called a hack at 9 o'clock
and were hastily uriven away, having
been notified that they would be dealt
with harshly if they remained and did
not settle their biil.
"1 told them the hotel was mine," said
Manager Stone, "and that Mr. .Baldwin
Lad nothing to do with it; that they had
come here under alia es, disguised in
strange and startling wigs, and that I
could not tolerate them. At first thoy
stormed and fumed, the mother of the
babe being a particularly fine bluffer, and
declaring that she would notify her hus
band in Chicago of the insulting way sue
was being treated. This took us aback
and we hesitited, but they finally threw
up the sponge and went out as Colonel
Kowalsky counted time."
Mr. Baldwin was in the lobby just be
fore the women came down in the ele
vator, but friends hurried him to the side
walk to avert the possibility of a shot or
other form of assault. The old gentleman
had barely been hustled into the open air
when his Nemesis, much excited and evi
o>ntly greatly unstrung, swept through
the lobby ana into the carriage that
awaited her. She was driven rapidly
over a circuitous route to St. Luke's Hos
pital, where she was registered under an
assumed name and booked as a vic:im of
"nervousne-s."
"In ibis strange and badly planned bat
tle," said Colonel Kowalsity last night,
•'these unfortunately advised young
women htid a strange notion that there
was some sort of law by which they could
compel Mr. Baldwin to support the chiJd,
but I informed them that there was no
such law and that a man could not adopt
a child, even if he wanted to do so, with
ont the consent of his wife.
"They were greatly disconcerted when
they found t rial the hotel was not under
Mr. Baldwin's control, ana when finally
and firmly ordered to go they wept ana
wrung their hands."
Miss Lilian male many futile attempts
to communicate with E.J.Baldwin yes
terday, but none of Her letters were
opened ana few reached him at all.
"She even went to tlie trouble yesterday
to send him a ielter by Wells Fargo, but
her time was wasted. Mr. Baldwin lirrnly
said : 'The child is not mine ana I have no
business with this woman,' and during the
entire siege he did not swerve from that
position. Ke was much annoyed by the
notoriety of the matter yesterday and
seemed greatly pleased when his Nemesis
had gone."
No actreis ever bowed to a more inter
ested or appreciative audience than the
one fair Lillian Ashley, her child and her
sister faced last evening as she stepped
out on to Powell street to start on the
journey from the hotel they had been re
quested to leave.
The crowd had been anxiously awaiting
the appearance of the party for several
hour*, anu when the heroines suddenly
appeared through the doorway of the
Baldwin every one rushea to catch a
glimpse of the departing sisters.
A carriage was in waiting and the
driver, as soon as the oarty was safely in
stalled, shouted at his team with the ve
hemence of a man overburdened with a
tangled mess of orders and instructions.
The carriage rolled away; turned into
Market street, in a few minutes into Va
lencia street, and hurried toward the out
skirts of the City. When Twenty-fourth
street was reached the horses were turned
from their course along Valencia and
headed toward the black foothills in the
west.
'1 lii?, however, was but a ruse to throw
any possible lollower into confusion. The
team sped round and round a few blocks,
s'raighien'-d in its course again and head
ed for S . Luke's Hospital.
Arriving at the hospital the party
alighted and entered the otlice of the phy
sician in charge, Dr. Armstead. Here Miss
Ashley told a nurse that she wisaed to be
admitted to the hospital, as she was suf
fering extremely from nervousness and
physical disability, and -visbeil an opera
tion performed witnin the next few uays.
I'he natient gave the attending nurse a
fictitious name, but later wuen questioned
by Dr. Armstead admitted that she wa*
Lillian Ashley. She requested the phy
sician to allow no one to see her, and her
wishes will be respected.
Sh« was placed in a neat little room,
given a quieting dose and she retired to
sleep. Her siiter nnd the baby returned
to the carriage and were taken to some
downtown lodging-house, where they will
rest secluded from the lt.quiaitive world.
TOR THE GKEAT DRILL.
Leagne of thet Cross Officers Selected
Yesterday.
There was an important meeting of the
League of the Cross at 1327 Market street
yesterday afternoon at which details wers
arranged for the great contest on the 29tb.
It was decided that reserved seat tickets
NEW TO-DAT — DRT GOODS.
(
Novelty Black
French Etamines
And Grenadines!
Our importations of BLACK FRENCH FABRICS
for this season have all been received, and we are
now showing the choicest assortment of NOVELTY
GRENADINES and ETAMINES ever exhibited in
this city.
THIS WEEK WE WILL PLACE ON SALE:
1 case BLACK NOVELTY ETAMINE DRESS
PATTERNS (all wool and silk and wool)—
P^nn/ $7.00, $10.50, $14.00 and
il4Uu\ $17.50 a Pattern.
1 case BLACK NOVELTY GRENADINE DRESS
PATTERNS (all silk and silk and wool)—
P ' / $10.50, $14, $17.50, $21,
IIIMH $24,$27and$30aPattern
EXTRA SPECIAL!
2 cases BLACK FRENCH SEASIDE ETAMINE
(all wool), 46 inches in width —
PRICE, 75c Yard.
TELEPHONE CKR^ISrT 124.
Gannett
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST SThct*.
will be on stale at Sherman <fe Clay's until
Thursday night only.
The following otlicers and ushers were
decided upon.
A. B. Maguire will be chief of ushers, as
sisted by C. B. Fenn, P. J. Lawler, Colonol
Dennis Geary and P. j. McCormick; doorkeep
ers— J. A. Muetui, \V. E. Dorn, Dr. J. 11. O'Con
nor, Captain Jerome Deasy; press committee—
B. J. Coffey, W. K. Moore; box-office — Thomas
11. Kallon. Thomas R. Curtis, Joieph J. Ma
honey, S. J. Watson, John W. McCarthy, T. A.
Imffy, K. P. Luby; in charge of reviewine
stami—Dr. S. J. Cunningham, J. J. Gilaea, J.
C Queen; ushess— T. J. btanton. If. E. Kins:, J.
P. Denehv, J. A. Riley, J. H. Widman. W. J
Davis, John Doyle, R. E. Fazackerley. Colonel
M. P. ODea, J.J. A. KinK, A. L. Coakley, W.
F. Buckley, F. J. Kelly, J. J. Small, H. Sale, A.
J. Kiunc, E. J. Cavanaugn, F. J.
Daunet, R. A. Harney, P. J. Dowd, M.
J. Mcßride, W. P. Stevens, G. M. Kelly,
W. J. Deesy, E. F. Lacey, Archie E. Campbell,
J. C. Flood, A. A. Mogan, Robert Tobin, T. P.
O'Brien, E. Callan, A. J. Andier, M. Moon, E.
Kitzpatrick. T. L. Healy. J. J. Healy, F. B.
Healy, J. J. Walsh. L. A. Kelly, Dr. Joseph I.
Richards. Janiei Fallon. A. P. Mulligan, H. J.
Hoey, J. F. Scully, If. D. Riordan. C. E. Tuily,
Harry Moffat, James Ross Jr.. P. F. McCarthy,
John T. Owens, Harry Stark, T. J. MelleU, J.*J.
hartin, George Redmond, W. P. Han
nan, E. J. Reynolds, W. J. Kelly,
Charles McCarthy, Eugene D. Sullivan,
George F. Lynch, Tnomas Branson. J. John
ston, Frank J. Duggan, N. S. Wentworth, R. .1.
Powdall, Thomas J. Walsh, W. A. Breslin, Cap
tain P. J. Haggerty. F. P. Scully, Will A. Der
ham, M. J. Welch, William Heffernan, Lieu
tenant E. J. Deasy, Fred H. Jung, Frank Egan,
William Karaing, Gecree Sweeny, William
Leahy. John Lambert, Thomas Spiilane, Luke
Carroll, Malt Carroll. W. J. Keogh,|J. C Mur
phy, Joseph A. Murphy, W. F. Terry, Hugh
McUinnls and Thomas B. MoGinnis.
LIKE THE SUN'S LIGHT.
Thus Will Knowledge Come
From the East to the
West.
Brahmacharin BodabhisKshu, the Brah
min student, who is promulgating theo- I
sopliical ideas throughout America, spoke
at Native JSona nail last evening. The
speaker was arrayed in the garb of a hi^h
class Brahmin, which consists of a pure
white robe, a white neckscarf and a white
turban. The headdress, which extends j
far down on each side of his head, forms a i
striki ng contrast with his dark face and j
makes the latter se<m much more swarthy
than when the turban is removed.
The subject of the Brahniacharin's art- |
dres« was "Religion as a Science." He {
has a remarkably tine flow of language !
and a poetical conception which he
drew upon copiously for glowing and j
striking figures.
•'There can be no entrance into a smr- [
itual life," he %aid, "unless we lead a j
truly unselfish lile. This is not preached :
on any impulse. It is not mere senti- !
meat, for it is based upon philosophical, j
scientific knowledge. You know Christ ;
' said 'Blessed are the pure in heart.'
There can be no purity without tinsel fish
i ness.
"Man should have control over his own
I mind. He Bhould be able to say to it, j
1 'You are my slave. You must not think |
oi things I do not wish to think of. Come
here. I fix you on that thing. Think of
that.' "
T>.e speaker then explained the process
by whicn the soul leaves the body during
life. This, he said, was what was meant
in the Bible by lasting forty days anct
forty nichts. He said that many of his
friends could leave their bodies at will.
"Truth comes from the Orient," he
said, in conclusion, "as tue sun which
ri*es in the east and continues it" jour
ney, spreading light around the worid. It I
was predicted years ago by a European
thinker that eastern ideas would one duy '■
take possession of the west, ami that day |
is at hand. The wesiern people have j
built the form. The spirit will now How
in from the east. You may call it
Christianity, you may call it theosophy,
you may call it what you will. You can
not resist this current. The mold is ready
and the blending of the east and the west
is at Land."
j.
SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
We never sacrifice quality for price*
but sell below a reasonable
profit sometimes.
Rpp r (Everard's Pura Canada
Deer Malt Lager,. Doxen
Pints $1.25
Quarts 92.00
"Best on Earth." Equal to Pilse-
ner. Made from imported hops
and brewed by the hi«he!>t-salaried
brewmaster in the world; salary
$20,000 per year.
Egg 5....... dozen I2£c
Oysters ("Our choice" Brand)
1*»..9 lorWc
»*•.. afor 2Uc
Baltimore pack; full weight; na-
tural flavor.
Oteo (Breakfast food) Package 10c
« for 25c
Wholesome; delicious; the camper's
idea).
Walnuts C lifornian 3 lbs. 25c
Mealy; sweet; selected.
Kegular2 Ibsfor2sc'
Stringless Beans (blue lakes;
Regular 15c can. 3 f O r 25c
$1.30 Dozen
Vermouth (Italian) bot. 50c
llegularly 60c.
i Pomegranate Syrup Pints 30c
Seasonable, highly pala^"£. rtS 5 ° C
; Tea (any flavor ; trial package) !/*_
LATEST CATALOGUE FREE.
REMEMBER
This season the prettiest styles anJ largest as»ort-
' nient of
Suits, Jackets, skins, Silk Waists,
TAILOK SUITS MADK TO ORDER,
_^ Al most reasouabie prices are at
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
tor r <»f»ry St. ami (jmi.i Aye.
The most certain and safe Fain Remedy, Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, bora
Throat, li.onchltK ConKestloiii and Inflaxnmar
lions. SUe per bottl*. Bold by UruK^ista,