VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 100.
THE MASK
TORN FROM
A HYPOCRITE
A Chapter on Hearst's
Love for Free
Labor.
THE "EXAMINER" A BIG
a PURCHASER OF CON
■ VICT GOODS.
The Paper Is an Exclusive Customer
of One Brand of San Quentin
Twine*
Is Supplied Steadily Under a Contract Made
Over Eighteen Months Ago With
Warden W. E. Hale.
Masquerading as the Champ on of Wage-Earners,
the Mission-Street Scavenger Has a
Felon's Trademark.
This is a chapter in the history of a newspaper and its high priest in
hypocrisy. To-day THE CALL drags away the mask behind which the
F^j>r.iner and its proprietor have long played a game of Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde. To-day the bars are let down and all who read may learn
that the journal that has been so long masquerading as tifefnenJ of hon
est labor and honest business has of itseif been a heavy and secret pur
« Vwndde goods. In this recital of double-dealing and
shuffling the facts have been gathered from official sources and official
v records. No attempt at garniture has been made. Suffice that the public
may know the truth.
The tale goes back to October, 1895, when there was begun at the
request of the business manager of W. R. Hearst's San Francisco Ex
amitur the manufacture of twine in the jutemill at the San Quentin
prison, and it may be interesting to the people of the City and State
generally to know that since that time this precocious example of the
"new journalism" has been the principal customer of this product of con
vict labor on the Pacific Coast : th3t the twine used in its wrapping and
mailing departments for the past eighteen months has been made behind
the brick walls of a California prison.
Possibly it might be surmised that Mr. Hearst was forced out of the
market because he was after a particular kind of goods. In other
uords, that he had to resort to the prison mills for the reason he was un
able to purchase the article desired elsewhere. Nothing could be further
from the facts.
The Examiner has a monopoly on one particular brand of twine made
in the San Quentin jutemills, but a similar twine, made by free labor, is
on sale by every dealer in this product in San Francisco. Mr. Hearst
enjoys this unique distinction not because there is no demand for these
goods in the common channels of trade, but simply for the prejudice that
exists among business men and manufacturers against purchasing or sell
ing an article made by prison labor. On the order-books of San Quentin
prison the Examiner article is known as an eight-ply jute wrapping-twine,
so called because there are eight strands of jute yarn used in making it.
In other words, this twine is the regulation baling article so much in use
among merchants, and particularly among dealers in paper of all kinds.
It is sold wholesale in the open market in this City at 8 cents a pound.
The Examitur pays 5 1-2 cents a pound for its prison-made article.
Here are the records of the Examitur purchases according to the
The Prison Wagon That Transports the Examiner
Convict-Made Twine From the Jutemill to the
Depot of the North Pacific Coast Railway. The
Last Shipment, Made on March 3, Consisted of
632 Pounds. Guard Pippen Was in Charge of
the Wagon on That Day.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.)
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1897.
books of C. J. Walden, the present accountant of ■ the jutemill depart
ment of the prison:
DATE. Shipment. Amount.
October 21 1805 894 J49 17
October 28 . 339 18 37
March 9, 1896 388 2 \ '?a
March 30 ZZZZZZZ.6I2 33 66
Ma y 1 ■..'.: .. ... 402 22 a
Mav 9 • .: 629 • 34 6o-
J , u| 2 •••• •••• ••••.. 341 18 26
i v] y 3° •' : 371 20 40
A^ust 10 34 l 8 98
September 11 1 .......:.. 356 19 58
November 6 570 3 , 35
December 18 "..'.'."851 46 80
March 3, 1897 : 632 3476
From these figures it will be seen that the total amount of convict
made twine used by the Examiner since Business Manager Williams made
his deal with the prison authorities is 6730 pounds, for which Mr. Hearst
has contributed to the San Quentin prison fund the sum of $369 38.
Had he bought free-labor goods his twine- outlay would have been
$538 10— a very small saving surely for a man reputed to be as rich
and affluent as the proprietor of the Examiner.
The jutemillsat San QuentirTare not in the manufacture of twine
as a general thing. The 700 unfortunate men in stripes who labor day
in and day out in the midst of a wilderness of whirling machinery expend
their energies in the manufacture of jute bags for the California farmer.
The agricultural interests of the State have found that the production of
these bags by the prison people has resulted in keeping the price at a
minimum. Now, twine is used in these bags, and it is made right in the
prison, in the ordinary course of business. There are two big "twisters"
and a force of men steadily spinning out the jute cord with which the
sacks are sewn together. Little twine is sold. There are but two
kinds of twine made at San Quentin and there are but two cus
tomers on the prison books. One is a certain bottler of mineral water
in this City, who uses a peculiar three-ply article in- his trade and one
which is not on sale in the open market. The other and heavier cus
tomer for the general article is the San Francisco Examiner.
Warden Hale of San Quentin prison does not remember the circum
stances leading up to the Examiner twine deal. As far as he is con
cerned there is no secret about the prison supplying Mr. Hearst's San
Francisco newspaper. .
'• "Everybody, 1 thought, knew we made twine for the Examiner," was
the way he put it. "There is no secret about the doings of this prison.
We make a little money on twine, and if we made much of it, it would,
I think, be as profitable an industry as the prison could go into."
But the Examiner did not begin to purchase its twine from the jute
mill at any request of Warden Hale or any of the Prison Directors or offi
cials. T. T. Williams, the present business manager of the paper,
sought the prison people themselves in the beginning of October, 1895,
and got rates and prices. Williams explained in detail the kind of an
article the Examiner required, and after some correspondence on the sub
ject arrangements were perfected and, Mr. Hearst and his "Monarch"
havesince that time been steady customers of the prison jutemills.
The first shipment was made on October 21, 1895. It consisted of
894 pounds, divided into eight bales or parcels. The rate fixed at the
prison was 55$ cents per pound. The twine was a good article, as the
facilities in the prison jutemill to spin jute are the most extensive and
complete in America. Apparently the Examiner was pleased with the
transaction, for on October 28, just seven days later, the prison was
favored with a second order for 339 pounds. From that time on the
shipments from the prison to the newspaper have continued steadily and,
as far as the San Quentin authorities know, are likely to continue. The
newspaper pays its bills quarterly, and the checks are duly entered in a
special account on the jutemill books. The last shipment was made on
March 3 last. There were four bales in the lot, comprising 632 pounds,
and the account as rendered to Mr. Hearst called for $34 76.
The purchase of its twine supplies at San Quentin prison, of course,
entails no additional expense for freight to this City on the part of the
IN THE PILLORY.
Examiner. The State pays all freight on the output of the jutemill to this
City. Thus an intending purchaser of twine would have to take cogni
zance in the way of incidental expense only of transportation charges
from this City to the destination of the shipment. In the case of Mr.
Hearst's purchases the paper has only to figure the item of drayage from
the water front to the office of the Mission-street department of the
Examiner, where the greater portion of the twine is used.
It is the custom of the Examiner to notify the jutemill when it de
sires twine by telephone, although the last order— a fac-similie of which
is reproduced— was a short and concise notice from the business depart
ment through the mail. The prison people are always prompt to fill the
order. Sometimes in the hurry and worry incidental to publishing a " new
journal " the matter of twine is overlooked until the supply on hand is
exhausted. Then the convicts are taken hurriedly away from the mak
ing of the sewing cord for jute bags to be put to twisting exclusive Ex
aminer twine. It is the custom for the prison authorities to ship all jute
goods, unless it is what is known as a "hurry-up order," by the little
The Arrival of the Twine at the Mailing-Rooms of
the Examiner on Mission Street*
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. I
steamer Caroline, which makes a trip once a week between this City
and San Quentin.
The Caroline and its master, Captain W. S. Leale, charge up their
services to the State, and the bills are ordered paid monthly by the
Board of Prison Directors. The most of the Examiner jutemill freight
comes by the steamer route. The twine is bundled up in big sacks or
bales, and upon arrival here is carefully turned over to a teamster, who
is paid regularly for this work. These bundles or bales might pass even
the eyes of the curious, and there is little about them to show their con
vict origin. The prison people simply stamp on them a stencil imprint
bearing the letters S. Q. P., which, when translated, of course signify San
Quentin Prison."
There is another route by which the Examiner receives twine, and
that is the North Pacific Coast Railroad, commonly called the narrow
gauge, which has direct communication with the prison. If the order is
an urgent one— that is, what is facetiously called a "hurry-up" one— the
twine is dispatched by the railroad route. In this manner a consignment
may leave the prison in the afternoon and be available for use that same
night in the mailing-room of the paper. In such cases the rate is 7 cents
a hundred weight, or $1 40 a ton. But as it is customary for the State
to pay the bill, the paper, of course, is not put to any extra expense, and
may have its choice of routes of shipment.
The order for the four bales on March 2 last came to the City by
rail. It was possibly a fortunate matter that the jutemill happened to
have just this amount of stock on hand, made up between times, so to
speak, Ar just such an emergency. The requisition for the twine \va3
made out in the mailing- room in the morning and was inclosed at once
to Warden Hale. The shipment arrived in this City the following day,
and the mailing-room found it awaiting it as soon as the paper went to
press. In the equipment of the State jutemill at San Quentin there is no
winding-machine. The Examiner twine, as it comes from the twisting
machine, is consequently wound by hand in large balls and afterward
tied up in large sacks. The product being of the 8-ply variety, which is
almost as thick as a small clothesline, does nut'wlnd symmetrically or
else the fault lies with the convicts. The balls are bulky and irregular
in size and make rather unwieldy bundles. The shipment to the Exam'
iner on Wednesday last exhausted the supply of 8-ply twine in the prison.
The jutemill authorities expect to turn out some more the coming week.
There is a State law providing that any one purchasing goods from
the San Quentin jutemill must file an affidavit that the product is desired
for his own use. The object of this statute was to prevent dealers in
jutebags from effecting a corner in these articles and thus raise the price.
Moreover, in the matter of grain sacks a customer is limited to io.oco at
one purchase. The latter part of this law does not, of course, apply to
the matter of the Examiner twine, and in courtesy to Mr. Hearst no affi
davit was required from the business manager of his newspaper. The
prison authorities were satisfied in this instance that the proprietor of the
Examiner desired the twine for his own use and had no intention of going
into the twine business.
To the credit of the Examiner people it may be said that Warden
Hale's confidence was not violated. Of the 6600 pounds of 8-ply jute
twine made in the past eighteen months at San Quentin not one pound
has been resold by the newspaper that received it. The entire output was
used in the offices of Mr. Hearst's local newspaper.
So much for the facts in the case. They are peculiarly interesting,
coming, as they do, when Wanton Willie and his local journalistic pirate
have inaugurated a campaign of intimidation and blackmailing unheard
of in newspaper history. The strings that lead out of the back door of
the Mission-street office to the barred gates that shut in to hard labor
daily in the }uternill half of the striped inmates of the Mirin County
bastile may to a certain extent explain the low moral pressure that has
pervaded the Hearst journals lately. Possibly it is the bond of sympathy
that the young millionaire "— — — — —^— —
feels for his twine work
men in San Quentin that
has induced him to keep
Long Green Lawrence and
his ilk on his payroll.
Surely along these lines
lies the explanation of the
Janus-faced character of the
Examiner. There was no
particular reason at the time
the Examiner engaged to
take convict-made twine
that any such desperate
and questionable expedient
of economy should be re
sorted to, except that its
proprietor saw in those days
the inroads into his coffers
his newspaper venture in
New York was about to
make. But to a man of
his wealth the difference be
tween the price of free
labor twine and the convict
made article for wrapping
purposes was surely not a
matter of great import.
SUIT TO-BAT.'
BOARD OF HEALTH'S
INVESTIGATION
OF
CONDENSED MILKS
AND CREAMS.
AN ITEM OF INTEREST
TO MOTHERS.
It has been disclosed by the in-
vestigation of Dr. Wenzell, the •
Chemist of the Board of Health,
that the so-called evaporated creams
are nothing but pure and simple
condensed milk, and in many in-
stances very poor condensed milk
at that, and while little or nothing
can be said in favor of .these
evaporated creams by Dr. Wenzell,
still less is said in favor . of most
brands of condensed milk, which
suffer equally under his searching
analysis. "i ; ■
Amid all this investiga-
tion and hue-and-cry one
prominent fact has been .
. . brought out with unusual
• distinctness, and that is,
the Gail Borden EAGLE
Brand of Condensed Milk
has passed through the
fiery furnace of investiga-
tion of a most searching
character, with its usual ,
great success.
Every brand, except the Gaft
Borden Eagle Brand, that has come
under the attention of the chemist
has had more or less criticism be-
stowed upon it, but the Gail Bor-
den Eagle Brand has been found to
be without a single flaw, and has
been pronounced to be the r purest
and the richest in quality of any
brand on the market; superior to
evaporated creams in richness;
stronger than any milk now before
the public. .
The Pure Food Investi-
gation bids fair to be a
most searching, one, and
■ the public have 7 a great
interest at stake, and it . is
with pleasure 'that we re-
fer now to one brand that
seems to have met with
. the approval of ] all-
The accounts of the jute
mill show that since its
trade was transferred to the
prison a little over three and
a half tons of twine was
used in the circulation of
the Examiner. The product
cost 5 1-2 cents a pound.
Yet, had Mr. Hearst de-
sired to get rates in the
open market he would not
have had to pay over 8 cents
a pound for as good an arti
cle as he was furnished by
the striped jutemill work
men.
There is a serious side to
(he course Mr. Hearst is
pursuing. There is no de
sire on the part of any one
to make the lot of the felons
behind the walls of San
Quentin any harder or in
crease the odium in which
society in general holds its
inmates. The State of Cal
ifornia in its wisdom has
adjusted the problem of con
vict labor possibly to suit
a majority of the people at
present. But the felcn is
not the sufferer from such
tactics as those adopted by
Mr. Hearst.
The workingmen, the
labor unions and the busi
ness interests of the State
surely expect from the Ex
aminer that it at least be
honest in principle. The
people, to whom this dis
reputable journal appeals
for support, expect at least
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
that in return for what favors they extend it the journal might recip
rocate. Many of the workingmen of this and other coast cities have been
subscribers to this newspaper. In return it- is but natural that they
should not look to it to garrote legitimate industry and honest labor !
What of the reckoning, Wanton Willie? What of the resolutions
against convict competition in labor which business and labor associa
tions have adopted during the past year, and which you professed to be
' in sympathy with in double-column type? What of the honeyed words
you used to the labor unions of this City when the tight was on against
the pedestal for the Grant monument in Golden Gate Park which was
hewn at the Folsom quarries ?
When the Examiner was falling over itself ' to ingratiate itself
among the workingmen at that time, surely it was due the laborers that
your newspaper was then the most important and one of the only two
consumers of convict twine made in San Quentin prison? What will
these workingmen, who have been so basely deceived and hoodwinked,
say in reply?
And lastly, tell us, Wanton Willie, if you have copyrighted this con
nection of yours with the prison jutemill, for as far as the records go no
one but yourself has mad? application for felon goods when a similar
article was on sale in a score of business houses in this City?
A little history at this particular juncture is appropriate. On
Friday, May 15, during the agitation by the labor unions against the
use of a pedestal for the Grant monument which had been hewn in the
Folsom quarries by convicts, the following editorial appeared in the
Ex. unit: 1 r :
The Grant Sfotufment in Golden Gate Park will be built
by free labor.
That much is settled already. The Examiner's offer to
help out the Monument Association if necessary by replac
ing the convict-hewn stones with others cut by honest men,
made it certain that the demands of the public would be
heeded. Mr. O'Connor, the chairman of the committee, has
has taken upon himself the responsibility of making the
desireJ change, any deficiency incurred thereby to fee made
good by the Examiner.
The labor unions took up this matter because their in
terests were involved, though it would have demanded at
tention just as much if not a workingmanhad protested. It
is, first of all, a question of sentiment. If we are to pay no
attention to sentimental considerations what do we want of
a monument? A monument represents sentiment and
nothing else.
It is not useful. Its only value is that it stands for
something. It tells the beholder that here a grateful people
has paid its tribute of gratitude to a great soldier who
offered his sword to his country in her time of need, and
who led an army of American volunteers— tree men them
selves — to bring freedom to those who were in bondage and
preserve a Union that was the hope ot liberty throughout the
world.
What a ghastly mockery it would be to attempt to call
up such memories with an inscription cut by the sullen
fingers of burglars and murderers under the rifles of a
prison guard.
No, if we are to honor Grant, let us honor him. If we
could not have offered a great monument we could have
had a small one, bu h , great or small, let us have no stone
that stands for crime and its piin : shment.
Now let the curtain be pulled aside and a glimpse of the true
Examiner be shown. Let the prison records, the books of the jute
mill, tell the real truth. On May 1, just fourteen days before the flaunt
ing of the foregoing editorial, there was shipped to Mr. Hearst's paper a
consignment of four bales of twine From San Quentin. On May 9,
when the indignation over the felon-hewn pedestal was at its height, a
second shipment of 629 pounds of twine followed. What was a''ques
tion of sentiment" in its columns was not a question of sentiment as far
as the real, genuine policy of the paper was concerned.
What a "ghastly mockery" it was that the workingmen did not then
know that the "Monarch of the Fakers" was the exclusive newspaper
customer of th. 3 product of the "sulien fingers of burglars and murderers
vnder the rifles of a prison guard !"
Again hear the charlatan on this same question of convict labor:
"Shall the convict-cut pedestal to the monument to
General Grant be allowed to remain in place in Golden
Gate Park ?
" Shall the bust of the dead hero be set up on a monu
ment carved by prison labor?
"The Examiner feels that it voices the sentiments of the
people when it says * NO.'
" What is more, the Examiner is not merely willing to
act as the people's mouthpiece, but it proposes to take the
initiative in substituting for the great granite pedestal hewn
and figured by the Folsom felons stone that does not bear
the marks of prison tools, but those of free labor.
" The Examiner offers to place at the disposal of the
proper authorities a granite blcck, properly cut and in
scribed by free workmen, at the earliest possible oppor
tunity.
" This offer is the outgrowth of the feeling now gen
erally expressed by citizens, and particularly by the free
laboring element, that it would be discreditable to San
Francisco if the monument to General Grant, soon to be
SfEAH AX » jacks (jy.
One May He Collector of Custom*, thn
Other Hnitmanttr.
WASHINGTON. D C, March 9.-Sen
ator Perkins and Renresentative Loud
calied at (he White Hows? thi9 morning
and introduced Major Frank McLaughlin
to President McKinley.
Nothing was said abont the Federal ap
pointments for California, but it is under
stood that Senator .Perkins will see the
President to-morrow morning and hanJ
him the list agreed upon in the caucus of
Calif Tnians yesterday.
The Call correspondent was informed
to-diiy by a eenileman who is in c!o9e
touch wi;h President McKinley that he is
quite anxious to appoint Joseph Spear
Collector of Customs at San Francisco and
yet he cioes not wish to disregard the
recommendation of Senator Perkins, who
is for John P. Jack-on.
McKinley is very friendly disposed
toward Spear because the Californian or
ganized a McKiniey cub over two years
ago. It is said to be quite possible that
the matter may be settled by making
Knear Collector" of the Port and Jackson
Postmaster, or vice versa.
Will C-ll f,,r lr,nor- I'lote Hid*,
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 9.-Tbe
Navy Department will in ail probability
issue advertisements for armor for the
battleships Alabama, Illinois and Wis
consin, noon which Congress placed a
limit of $*X> per ton. It is understood
that no time lor the delivery of the armor
will be specified, which will permit con
cerns without tne necessary plant to com
pete for ttie work and install the neces
sary machinery as the delivery progresses.
A 1 TORJSISI.OE A JIMAL 31 cX JSX\a.
Final Formality of Him induction
Juto Office -
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
final formality in connection with the
induction into office of Attorney-Gen
eral McKenna was yesterday observed in
the : Supreme Court ;of the United States.
After the decisions and orders of the court
had been announced ex-Attorney General :
Harmon, who was. seated in his usual
place at the table in front, of the .bench,
arose (as did also Mr. Mckenna) and ad
dressed the court, saying:
"May. it please the, court, I: have the
honor to present my successor, the; Hon.
Joseph McKenna of ; California. I have
here his com on executed in due .form
of law and ask that it be spread on the
record." ."..,.....
Chief Justice Fuller bowed in a gracious
manner to the retiring Attorney-General
and the new official said: "The court
extends its welcome to the new Attorney-
Geucral and at tue same time expresses
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
unveiled in the park, should be shaped by convicts. * * **'
But behind the scenes the "question of sentiment" for free and
honest labor was forgotten. Here the Monarch was unmasked and over
the telephone went a "hurry-up" order for convict twine. The Mission
street journalistic Mr. Hyde said rightly when it declared the people
were opposed to ccnvict labor. on the Grant pedestal, but in its lair the
farce was dropped and the prison order-books continued to add to the
Examiner's twine account. The men of the stripes did not cease to
work on the big jute spinners and yarn twisters in order that Mr. Hearst
might save 2}£ cents a pound on Examiner twine.
The business organizations and the labor councils of this City
should see hereafter that Mr. Hearst and his journal be consistent. Of
course, it may not be possible to persuade him that in being a consumer
of convict-made goods he is penny wise and pound foolish, but now that
his sin has found him out he must no longer be allowed to play the role
of a truthful and good citizen. The wage-earners of the State may now
learn just how deep a place they have in the sympathies of the Examiner.
Hereafter when it pokes its hypocritical nose into their conventions and
doings they will know it for the journalistic polecat it is.
Various commercial and trade bodies and organizations mny learn as
they read. The Examiner has posed in the past as the friend and
advocate of home industry. From this time on all men should read be
tween the lines. When it howls loudest in its efforts to hoodwink its
way into the circle of respectability its convict trademark may be seen
by turning the leaf. By its actions it may be known for what it really
is. The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association is already on record
oti the matter of convict-made goods. The following resolution speaks
for itself:
WHEREAS, The Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of California has had under consideration the matter
its high regard for and best wishes to his
predecessdr. "
The court then directed the commission
be entered on the records.
The brief ceremony was witnessed by a
large crowd of spectators and at its close
Mr. Harmon, accompanied by Attorney-
General MiKenp.a, retired.
FO UEIUS CO VM tic t C OMUTIOXS.
Reports of Miniit'r* and : Consul* to the
total* Department.
\ WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9 —Mr.
Emory, Chief of the Bureau of Statistics
of the State Department, has summarized
the " conditions prevailing in various for
eign ; countries M reported by United
States Ministers and Consuls. He states
that in the Argentine Republic there has
been a general i advance in prices since
1888; that wages have shared in this ad
vance. .■:- ' ; '•'■-._ -■■ '• • ■ ■:; ■
In China there has been an increase in
silver prices of imports since 1886, but no
change i.i prices of Chinese products.
New avenues of employment have been
opened in China by reason of the increase
in industries.
A general advance in prices in reported
from Japan siuce 1886 an<l since 1892
wages in that country have advanced.
Rus-sia shows an increase iv prices of
some articles since 1886, but no change in
lactory wages aud vii actual decrease iv
Convicts at Work <n the San Quer.tin Jutemills Twisting Twine for the ''Examiner."
[ /crlclitd by n '• Cfiit " artist ]
agricultural reports. Reports from other
countries, such as Peru, Portugal, Spain,
Denmnrk and Brazil, show mixed condi
tions, from which no conclusions of a sat
isfactory character can be deducted.
BEEF ltisl? t.C 1 1O.\ OR HER.
Rigid Rule* Governing Export* to £v
. rajimn Countries-
WASHINGTON. D. .C, March 9.—Sec
retary or Agriculture : Wilson to-day i—
sued order No. : X, concerning ' the exporta
tion ot bee/. It directs that after March
15, 1897, all beef offered ; for tran>portation
to European ports, whether fresh, salted,
canned, corned or packed, beins the meat
of cattle killed after the passage of the act
under whicn this order is matte, shall be
accompanied by a certificate issued by an
inspector of f. this department, showing
that; the cattle troni which it was pro
duced were free from, diseas 1 , and the
meat sound and wholesome, and in order
that it may be determines whether. all
beef exported to European ports has been
so inspected, and found to be wholesome,
it is further ordered that the meat of all
other species of animals exported to such
ports which," for any reason/ does not bear
the inspection stamps of this department,
thai l be packed in barrels.- cases or other
packages which are legibly marked in
sucn wanner as to clearly indicate the
- ; '-.'.".■ ■■"■■■■■* ■ p . ". J ', -, ■•'•■.••.; ■-:-,-.-.■- .-:•■■ . • ■-.. ■■ -■: -.. '
of the manufacture of articles of merchandise by convict
labor ; and
WHEREAS, The association is satisfied that large quan
tities of prison-made articles are imported to this State
yearly to the cost and disadvantage of our home industries ;
and
WHEREAS, In the opinion of the members of this asso
ciation a thorough investigation of this subject would be a
great benefit to our local manufacturers ; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That his Excellency, Governor Budd, be
. and is hereby respectfully requested to provide ways and
means and to delegate a commission to make the said in
species of animal from which the meat
whs produced.
Meat which is not so marked and which
is not accompanied by a certificate of in
spection will be passed as uninspected
beef and will not be allowed exportation
to European ports. Vessels not comply
ing with the provisions of this order will
be refused clearance papers.
MARTIAL, ILAW IN, BRAZIL.
Situation in i Rio de ' Janeiro and Sao
■; r '■'■■ ■;. ;,-. '.' . J*«iwlo Very Srrioua.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— The
Herald's special cable from Buenos Ay res
: says: .'.' ','•■.;.- ■■. '.'• \. - ....',■
1 The situation in Rio de Janeiro and Sao
Paulo, Brazil, according to dispatches from
the former city, 13 very serious." ;
The Government, it is * reported, will
issue a decree ; declaring martial law, and
will at once expel from the country the
chief leaders of the Monarchist party.
The ; troops iin Bahia will also be re
enforced by a corps composed of 6000 men.
This was decided * upon .; by , the ; Govern
ment after an important Cabinet nieetinn
held this morning. ■ • • •
The people are greatly excited over the
disastrous turn of affairs, in Bahia. and
their rage at the Monarchists who are ac
cused of fomenting ; the rebellion in that
State knows no bounds. A mob in Sao
vestigation throughout the Eastern fStates where the said M
prison good; are manufactured ; and be it further
RE-OLVED, That the secretary of this association be
and is hereby directed to transm.t immediately a copy of
this resolution to his Excellency, Governor Budd.
Adopted by the board of directors Decemb.r 10, 1896.
JULIAN SONNTAG,
First Vice-President.
Attest: L. R. Mead, Secretary.
What has the association to say to the action of Mr. Hearst's
Examiner i
Paulo on Monday night destroyed the
office of the Journal Commercio.
PAAAJUA CAAAIj RIOT.
Three Laborer* -f*'r* Killed and Several
Wounded.'
, COLON, Colombia, March 9.— A serious
dispute occurred among the Jamaicans
employed as laborers on the Culebra
section of the Panama canal and others
of • the canal employes. V The men finally
became [engaged in a right which : the
police were unable to quell.^ The military
authorities were called upon for assitance,
and a detachment of troops «■»' sent t.«
-' - ■ .■.■■■- . ■ ' ' ■ : NEW 10-DAT.
Under eminent scientific control,
a A T"^ft T"!^ TWT^T^ A WMi
■ • ■- ■ ■ J3l -r*■T^- PW - ■ - 1 r < ;^^ ; -^ ' •'
•; The Best Natural Laxative JVater.
::, : The most certain and comfortable catltartic in cases of
- constipation and sluggish liver or piles. '
the scene of the disturbance. Their
presence hart the effect ol restoring order.
During the fighting three of the laborers
were killed and several wounded. An
inquiry into tbs affair is being held by the
British Consul. The Jamaicans are dis
saiis-tied with the conditions under which
they work and num ocrs of them are apply
ing to be sent back to their homes.
J-<eik*o» f'd tt'nlUng.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 9.— Jackson
and Wa.ling will bang in the Newport
jaiyari. This was decided at a confer
«-"C9 held between Jmige aelni and Suer
'ff P!u'»mer Miis af:crr>r>on.LONG GREEN LAWRENCE ORDERED TO JAIL.
Refuses to Confess the Audacious Fake, and
the Senate Commits Him
for Contempt
The Managing Faker of Hearst's
San Francisco "New Journal"
Scavenger Arraigned Be
fore the Senate.
LIKE A CRIMINAL IN THE DOCK.
With the Chief Culprit, an Unlucky Subordi
nate Is Taken Into Custody by the
Sergeant-at-Arms and Sheriff*
Out on Habeas Corpus*
RESOLVED, That the said A. M. Lawrence be, and he is hereby
declared to be, guilty of contempt of this Senate; and be it further
RKSOLYED, That he, the said A. M. Lawrence, be taken into cus
tody by the sergeant-at-arms of the Senate, a;.d that he be committed
t.> the County Jail of the county of Sacramento, State of California,
mil he shall have purged himself of this contempt, by answering the
ucstions which were propounded to him under the direction of the
-•elate, and that a copy of this resolution, duly attested by the secre
x-y of the Senate, be the authority of the sergeant-at-arms of the
Senate and the Sheriff of the county of Sacramento.
6ACRAMENTO. Cal., March 9.— Under
t tie -foregoing resolution, and a similar
one made applicable to L. L. Levings, a
correspondent of the seif-confessed fake
•1, Lons Green Lawrence and his
ate subordinate were ordered by
; Senate to be taken to jail this after-
It was a day for congratulation to '
fency, honesty, fairness, integrity,
cour::ge, morality and ail tha virtues in
herent in the human race. It was an oc
casion for congratulation to every indi
\;duai tfer.ator who voted for the adoption
■ : the resolutions, to the Senate as a body
snd to the entire Legislature. The action
f the Senate is a matter for congratula
tion to every man, woman and child who
has the welfare and good repuie o! the
commonwealth at heart — a matter for con
pratulation to the people of the entire
I . ited States.
By its firm, consistent and self-respect
ing action to-day the Senate has officially
proclaimed to the world at large that no
foul emanation of "modern new journal
:-m" can ply its loathsome business of
blackmail, deceit, treachery, misrepre
sentation and its vocation of slanderer,
libeier and traducer with impunity in
this State. This branch of the Legisla
ture has set a precedent that will be
thankfully and gratefully taken advan
tage of wherever a viper born of the so
called "new journalism" dares to raise its
head.
Tliat the course taken by the Senate has
the approval of the people was made
manifest right in the Senate chare Der, de
ipite the strictest admonition of President
Jeter to the audience to preserve order
and to refrain from any demonstration
during the proceedings. There had been
frequent applause during the opening
tpeechof Senator Morehouse, and. it was
to siop these interruptions and breeches
of decornm that the request mentioned
was made by the presiding officer of the
Senate.
But when the vote was announced that
Eliowed the adoption of the resolution
, n ding I, >rg Green Lawrence to jail the
n} (faction and gratification of the audi
■ could not be restrained. It broke
. with such heartiness and eftect that
tv?n ihe vigorous poundine of the gavel
by Presi lent Jeter could not be beard a
few feet away, and it was only the sight of
the president's efforts that brought to the
not cc of the enthusiastic audience the
fact thnt they were transgressing the rules
Pure
Every thought, m^, m -I*
word and action Kc£ §/\jf^^<J
takes vitality from Bb# l UUU
the blood ; every nerve, muscle, bone,
organ and tissue depends on the blood
* for its quality and condition. Therefore
C..; iv pure blood is abso-
spring i u te]y necessary to
MpHirinp right livin and
IVieaiCine healthy bodies.!
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the . great blood
purifier and the test Spring Medicine.
Therefore it is the great cure for scrofula,
salt rheum, humors, sores, rheumatism,
catarrh, etc.; the great nervine, strength
.'^ guilder, appetizer, stomach tonic and
*4{uulator.
v-v '"II Is sold hyall
Sarsaparilla
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell,
Maw. Get Hood's and only Hood's. ; --A
\ Hood's rills taken after dinner aid digestion.
of the Senate and were in danger of being
excluded from the chamber.
Amid all the comments not a word of
•ympathy was expressed for the faker-in
chief of the faking misconception of a
newspaper, and his disgraceful fate was
hailed senerally as it only too well mer
ited. The audience wad the largest that
had crowded its way into the Senate
chamber this session, ladies, Assembly
men, State officers and many of the most
prominent people of Sacramento being
present. This was the case during both
morning and afternoon sessions.
Three separate resolutions of sentence I
were introduced, one each for Long Green j
Lawrence, one for L. L. Lievines and one |
for Al Murphy, but at the last moment, i
just when a vote was about to be taken on
tne Murphy resolution, Senator More- j
house asked leave *.o withdraw it, and
there being no objection, permission was i
granted. This action was due to the gen- ;
eral belief that Murphy had no hand, j
either directly or indirectly in the prepara
tion or publication of the contemptible
fake, and that he was simply unfortunate
in having some slight knowledge, inad
vertently acquired, relative to it.
There was a full attendance of the Sena
tors, with the exception of Senator Toner,
who was excused yesterday, owing to a
death in his family, and Senator Hollo
way, who was given leave of absence last
Friday until Wednesday.
Again, during the entire proceedings
and the discussions incident to
them, there was the same unani
mous admission on the part of ail
who took the fake journal Bide of the
case that there was no foundation for its
article charging wholesale bribery and
corruption to the members of the Legisla
ture. There was not even the slightest
attempt to justify its course, even by
George A. Knight, its chief counsel. All
the efforts to prevent the sentence of im
prisonment from being pronounced were
on the line of technicality, such as ques
tions of jurisdiction and of the materiality
of the questions propounded.
Senator Morebouse was the chief figure
on the floor and acquitted himself with
the highest honor and credit to himself
and the honorable body which had, with
its full confidence and rare good judgment,
entrusted its canse to his management.
Before his eloquence and learning the
weak defense 01 the contumacious wit
nesses was splintered into such minute
fragments that nothing remained visible
oi it when the Senator from Santa Clara
got through his opening argument. He
was ably seconded by Senators Boyce and
Pedlar. Others sat ready to speak for vic
tory, for decency and morality — notably
Senators Simpson, Bnlfa and Gillette —
but they realized tiat their aid was un
called for.
Senator Dickinson opened the sensa
tional drama immediately the president
announced that the hour had arrived for
the consideration of the Examiner con
tempt proceedings. The chairman of the
Senate bribery investigation committee
asked that the witnesses be brought before
the bar of the Senate and that the ques
tions which they had refused to answer
be again propounded to them.
At once there was a cranifig of necks
and a straining of eyen to see the man
who had dared to besmirch the reputa
tions of honorable public men, and the
two unfortunates whom he had involved
in the shameful affair, and who were ap
parently marked to suffer punishment
with him.
But Long Green Lawrence did not pro
pose to niaka a Roman holiday spectacle
for the Sacramentans if he could help it.
When his nanao was sounded he slunk to
the right-hand side of the President's
dais, between that and the secretary's hign
desk, where he was out of view of the
assemblage. He was not permitted, how
ever, to hide his shame under a bushel,
for Senator Bulla asked that the wit*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
nesses be made to appear in front of the
Secretary's desk, where they could be
heard and seen by the Senators, and the
request was promptly granted. With slow
and halting steps, with face diffused with
the coming red glow of shame and impu
dence, vainly trying to assume an appear
ance of defiant nonchalance, the fake man
aging news editor walked around to where
he was in full view.
Here was presented the edifying spec
tacle of an individual who was chosen to
preside over the destinies of a journal
claiming to be a monarch in its field
answering the questions propounded to
him in weak and faltering voice, witn the
awkwardness and shamefacedness of a
recruit at school, at the promptings of
his attorney.
As before the committee he declined to
answer the questions. But that there
may be no .mistaken impression in refer
ence to the actuating cause of this ob
duracy, it must be stated that there was
nothing of moral courage, of loyalty to
his employer, of protecting the interests
of those who he claimed had confided in
him. It was a course that was forced
upon him by the exigencies of the situa
tion to avoid publicly and frankly admit
ting that he had prepared, or caused to be
prepared, and published in his engine of
Hastiness what he knew was * fake.
Levings and Murphy in turn also re
mained obaurate.
All three were brought before the bar
together, and then George A. Knight made
his areument in their behalf, relying on
legal technicalities to carry his cause, but
his effort was a pitiable one to the spec
tators. He was in bad voice from a cold,
and his whole demeanor indicated that
his heart wns not in the cause he repre
sented, and made impressive Senator
Morehouse's characterization later that he
was a "hired Republican speaker making
politics for a Democratic journal."
Though Knight, according to the resolu
tion, was allowed but half an nour, he oc
cupied the attention of the Senate for a
full hour.
Morehouse opened for the Senate, by
presenting the resolutions prescribing the
punishment for the witnesses, and from
first to last poured such hot shot into the
scavenger newspaper that the audience
was unable to restrain its approbation,
and many a lady's glove had to be re
paired this evening. He rose to the oc
casion like one inspired, hurling at the
Long Green journal words of scorn, con
tempt and denunciation in sentences that
seemed to make tlie very atmosphere
seethe with their fire. When lie concluded
there was a hush that was the greatest
compliment that could have been paid
him.
Bert made a feeble pretext, tout the
questions asked were not pertinent, for
voting against the resolution.
Withing'.on, who had voled against the
resolution citing the witnesses for con
tempt, had a change of heart, and spoke
in favor of punishing them.
Prisk, a Democrat, assumed to feel no
wound to hi- honor by the assault of the
Examiner upon him.
Stratton attempted to argue the legal
phases of the matter to excuse his opposi
tion to the reaolution, but his effort was
as weak as it was futile.
Pedlar took strong and manful ground
with Morehouse and took the Senator
from Alameda, who had preceded him,
severely to task for his puerile argument.
Boyce spoke at length and eloauently,
delivering a speech much in line and
strength with that of Senator Morehouse.
With the simple sentence, "1 ask that
the roll be called," Senator Morehouse
closed the debate. The rollcall on the
first r-'solution sent Long Creen Lawrence
to jail by a vote of 25 ayes to 12 noes, and
a similar vote performed the same service
for Levings.
On motion of Senator Morehouse both
prisoners were ordered at once into the
custody of fcjergeant-at-Arms Leslie Dlack
burn, to be delivered to Sheriff Frank
Johnson, and imprisoned in the County
jail.
ORDERED TO JAIL.
Proceedings in the Senate to
Punish Long Green
Lawrence.
SACRAMENTO, Cai... March 9.-Presi
dent Jeter had the Examiner contempt
matter well in mind apparently this
mornine, for when 11 o'clock came around
he promptly announced as the special
order the consideration 01 the case.
Senator Dickinson wns equally on the
alert and took the floor, saying: "I move
that the witnesses under subpena appear
at the bar of the Senate."
"The witnesses are here," responded the
chairman, nodding to his right.
"I call attention to the resolution which
calls for the questions being propounded
10 them by the President of the Senate,"
continued Dickinson.
Long Green Lawrence's name was called
by President Jeter, and be rose from
where he had placed himself bo as to be
almost completely free from observation.
"Propound to Mr. Lawrence the ques
tions in the order as submitted in the
report of the investigating committee,"
added the President. "And yon are in
structed, Mr. Lawrence, that you are as a
witness required to answer the questions
propounded."
Secretary Brandon asked the witness
the first question, which he declined to
answer, as before the committee, but not
until Garret McEnerney, acting as counsel
for the culprit, made an objection on the
ground that the information Lawrence
possessed was privileged and that whether
it had this character or not it was imma
terial, incompetent and Irrelevant.
Here Senator Bulla asked that the wit
ness be placed before the bar where he
could bj seen and heard by all the mem
bers. President Jeter so ordered.
Senator Boyce at this time gave a gentle
hint to the audience that it remain as
quiet as possible by suggesting that if it
was found impossible to preserve a proper
decorum the Senate as a court in this case
might go into executive session. The
Senator from Santa Barbara had been ab
sent from the Senate yesterday, owing to
indisposition, and was uninformed of
what had then transpired and of the plan
of the Senate in reference to procedure.
In the ardor of his desire for speedy jus
tice he rose to a point of order when the
second question was propounded to Law
rence and McEnerney remarked, "1 will
answer for him." Boyce said the witness
was under oath and answered on his con
science, and could not employ a conscience
to answer for him. His counsel might
adviae, he added, but could not answer
for him.
Lawrence, on the instructions of his at
torney, followed exactly the same course
as before the committee, except that he
gave as his reasons for declining to
answer the question the same as were em
bodied in the objections of McEnerney to
the first interrogatory.
Levings and Murphy followed the same
programme. The questions were asked
partly by Secretary Brandon and partly
by President J>ter.
Boyce created another diversion after
Lawrence had refused to answer the first
question by making a speech at length to
tiie effect ttiat the witn -.-(.a he stance pun
ished for his contumacy. He was called
to order by one of the Senators on the
ground that there was nothing pendinjr
before the House, and the proposed
course of the Senate was explained to him.
He then made a motion that the news
papers be excluded from the chamber dur
ing the examination of the witnesses, as
their appearance tended Ao divert the at
tention of the Senators, and he believed
that the matter under consideration was
of the highest and gravest importance to
the Senate. The motion was adoptfd.
The next formal step in the proceedings
was to ask the three witnesses to take their
places at the bar together, where they svere
given seats in a row, and in plain view ol
everybody.
"Mr. Lawrence," said President Jeter,
"have you any reason to present why you
should not be punished for contempt for
refusing to answer the questions asked?'
The same question was put to Murphy
and Livings.
Then George A. Knight, who had been
specially selected to make the argument
before the Senate on behalf of the culprits,
took the place of Secretary Brandon.
He began by asking the Senate to divest
itself of all partisan feeling and any pre
judice caused by the publication of the
fake article. The power of the Senate to
take ud slanderous publications directed
against that body was questioned. Ad
missions were made by tho eloquent ad
vocate of the faking newspaper that the
article was baseless and had been pub
lished on hearsay and rumor. Tho Senate
was advised to go to the courts, which
stood with open arms to receive them,
and secure justice, if its memoers had
been libeled. No one was charged by a
regularly drawn indictment, and for that
reason the faker's attorneys claimed there
was no legal cause before the Senate.
"What are you going to do with us?"
he had the hardihood to ask. "If we ad
mit it is a Us and libel — what jurisdiction
have you if w« admit what you are trying
to prove?' Thi3 bold flaunting of tho
faker's shame was followed by an impu
dent implied threat. "Beware — beware!
Don't be tempted to be called out in the
ofliug by a great Democratic newspaper,"
he shouted. In conclusion he said: "I
aslc you that these witntsses b-i permitted
to go without day, and that the Senate say
these questions were not pertinent; that
they do not look to the expulsion of ony
member ol this Sjnate charged with
bribery."
Knight had not closed his argument
when the usual hour of recess arrived, and
his time was extended without limitation
to permit him to close at his pleasure.
His effort fell flat, many leaving the
chamber while he was delivering his
speech.
Morehonse attempted to introduce the
resolutions providing for the punishment
of the witness when Knight had finished,
but Seawell, by springing a point of order
that the Senate was at recess, prevented.
It was 1 o'clock when the morning pro
ceedings came to an end. At 2 o'clock the
Senate was again tilled to its utmost ca
pacity.
Senator Morehouie sent the Lawrence
resolution to tiie desk and asked that it be
read, which was done amid silence and
the deepest attention. The text is as fol
lows:
WnERKAS Heretofore, this Senate, by reso
lution duly pusaed, appointed Senntors John
11. Dickinson. Eugeno Aram and J. H. Seawell
an Investigating Committee to investigate ihe
charges of bribery preferred by tho San Fran
cisco Examiner against this Senate; an<?
whereas, said committeo had A. M. Lawrence,
managing editor of the San Frnnaisco Exam
iner, before said committee; and whereas,
upon the said A. M. Lawrence being duly
sworn to answer questions before said com
mlttee, and admitting that ho was the manag
ing editor of said paper; and -whereas, upon
said examination the Baid A. M. Lawrence, as
a witness, was allowed counsel at his re
quest, and being asked certain questions,
as will bo seen by the report of the said
committee made to this Senate, and which
said questions being material to the
inquiry and investigation being carried on
and conducted by the said committee, he, the
sa d A. M. Lawrence, then and there refused
and declined to answer the said questions;
and wnereas, the said committee reported the
said action of the said committee and the
questions propounded to the Baid witness, the
said A. M. Lawrence, and that he had contu
maciously refused to answer the said ques
tions to this Senate; and whereas, upon the
coming in of the said report of the said com
mittee this Senate resolved that the said A. M.
Lawrence be subpenaea before the bar of the
Senate to show cause why he should not
answer the said questions; and whereas, the
said witness, A. M. Lawrence, was duly sub
penaed before the Senate, and at 11 a. m.
of the 9th day of March, A. D.
1897, appeared before the bar of the Senate;
and whereas, the said questions reported by
the said committee were then and there pro
pounded to him, the said A. M. Lawrenc3, by
the president of the Senate, and he, the said
A. M. Lawrence, then and there again refused
and declined to answer the said questions,
having no lawful or legal excuse therefor, and
having been auly represented by counsel of
his own selection, and having the ability and
power to answer the said questions, but contu
maciously reiusing to answer the same; now,
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the said A. M. Lawrence be
and he is hereby declared to be guilty of con
tempt of this Senate, and be it further
Kesalved, That he, the said A. M. Lawrence,
be taken into custody by the Sergent-at-Arms
of the Senate and th«t he be committed to the
county jail of ihe county of Sacramento, State
of California, until he shall have purged him
self of this contempt by answering the ques
tions which were propounded to him, under
the direction of the Senate and that a copy oi
this resolution, duly attested by the Secretary
of the Senate be the authority of the Sergeant
at-Arms of the Senate and the Sheriff of the
county of Sacramento.
After moving the adoption of the reso
lution Morehouse began the most notable
speech of the session by reciting the
events that led up to the present denoue
ment.
"There is here a charee,' 1 he continued,
referring to the subject-matter of the fake
article, "that every single Senator who
votea for Assembly bill 2^3— and I make
this charge boldly, and I do not pro
posn a single wcrd of it — was bribed
with from ?350 to $500. The committee
found out who were connected with the
San Francisco Examiner. It found that
A. M. Lawrence was managing editor. It
called in this managing editor, and it
sought from him to find out the source of
the information that was the basis that
would lead to the detection of the man
who had used his intluence in the way nt
coin to purchase votes on the floor of this
Senate, and. further, sought to ascertain
who the Senators were who had taken
$350 to $50J ior their vote. Is there any
thing wrong in that?
"When called upon to disclose his in
formation he nides himself, like every
other criminal hides himself — he refuses
to answer the question."
Morehouse took up the question of the
power and jurisdiction of the Legislature
in the matter and said:
•■The Supreme Court of the State of Cali
fornia is certainly more capable of telling
what the law is than a hired Republican
who comes bofore us to make Democratic
politics in behalf of the Examiner."
Morehou'e cited the case of D. O. Mc-
Carthy,which was decided by the Supreme
Court of this State in 1866, "in charity, in
kindness to these gentlemen of the Exam
iner, who had no charity, no kindness, no
decency, no self-respect." He showed
clearly that this was a parallel case in
nearly every particular.
According to the opinion of the court
the Legislature had all the power requi
site lor self-preservation. Tnen quot
ing from this decision ne showed that
the Legislature had the powers necessary
to preserve and protect the dignity of the
Senate as a body.
'"If there be a member in this Senate,"
he continued, "who has taken a bribe — I
repeat it, if there bs a member in this
Senate who has taken a bribe let this Ren
ate stop the investigation and punish
him. If I be that Senator 1 say to you
that you are lacking in manhood, you are
cowardly in the performance of your pub
lic duty, unless you brand me as a felon
and drive me out as the Roman Senate
drove Catiline."
Quoting further from the McCarthy de
cision he showed that the Senate had the
right "to protect itself and its members
from libelous and slanderous attacks."
"Why," he scornfully said, "the learned
counsel this morning said we had no
such power. Do you wish my friend
(designating Senator Buila), coming here
from Los Angeles by the voe of the peo
ple, to be lib led ana slandered without
trying to protect yourself. Here it is
charged that the members of this body,
that every member who voted for tn:s
measure, received $350 to $500. Is that
slanderous and lihrflous? And yet we are
to bow down ana submit to this charge
concerning our conduct."
"To protect itself and its members from
corruption," he quoted. "For shame," he
exclaimed, "that any man or any citizen
snouhi attempt to advocate any such doc
trine as that upon the floor of the Senate.
'Oh no,' says the Examiner, 'you have no
right. You must appeal to the judiciary;
you must file a libel suit against W. R.
Heart of New YorK.' Shall we? I think
not, possessing the power as we do. You
must not do that. You will be persecut
ing the3e delightful gentlemen who brand
ed you as bribe-takers.
"Day alter day you will read some lie
about us in that journal, because it is im
possible for the San Francisco Examiner
to tell the truth on any subject. [Laugh
ter.] It would injure the reputation of
the paper to establish it on an honest
bttsis. [Laughter,]
"In this case of McCarthy but seven
men were involved, while here it will be
held that the charge is against every man
who voted for Assembly bill 273. Mc-
Carthy was sent to tbe County Jail, got
out a writ of habeas corpus and the Su
preme Court sent him back to jail, when
he relented.
"Simply because I am the manager of
this proceeding and have the earnestness
a.id the character and the nerve to beard
the lion in his den and the Douglas in bis
hall I expect more of these infamous lies
to be printed about me. Let it come.
The time will come when my voice will
be heard from Siskiyou to San Diego and
be more powerful than any newspaper,
and don't you forget it. [Applause.]
"Do the members want the words
'scoundrel' and 'bribe-taker' written
across their foreheads? Why should j
these honest gentlemen, I appeal to you,
Mr. Chairman — why should these honest
gentlemen— and I use the words bs Marc
Antony used them— why should these
honest gentlemen who possess this knowl
edge that Senator Morehouse and Senator
Franck and Senator Chapman and other
Senators who saw fit to vote for this
measure took $300 to $500 for their votes,
be allowed to keep this knowledge?
"For myself I brand it as a lie and the
man who wrote it as a liar. But we ought
to let it go by. Shall we permit this man
to blackniail, to vilify and corrupt the
whole community; to corrupt personal
honor? This paper will do it all the time.
Do you tell me that this man is worthy of
respect from any human being? Yon may
respect him. If so, I feel sorry that you
have forgotten your manhood and woman
hood. It ought to be a matter of shame
to be an associate of such a vile thing.
"We have no right to investigate public
slanders. We should sit here and render
up our morning orisons and our prayers
to A. M. Lawrence. He is a god. He is
the one man endowed with all the virtues
a man can possess and bis chief virtue is
to write down any individual who votes for
a measure thai A. M. Lawrencs does not
like. "We should teach the State that there
is one Senate possessed of the manhood
and character to dare present honesty and
truth to the public."
He referred to the telegram he had re
ceived from W. F. Herrin requesting him
to cease opposing Assembly bill 273 and
declared that he had shown no reluctance
to producing the message, ar.d added:
"Wnat harm is there iv it? If that is
harmful then there is no man in the Sen
ate who should not be cent to the peniten
tiary.
"As for my being an attorney for the
Southern Facific, I never denied I was an
attorney for the railroad. I thanK God
that he gave me power enough and brains
enough to be the attorney for a railroad
company. [Applause.] And I want the
world to know my connection with the
railroad. It has always treated me right.
It has employed me year alter year, and
when I ;^et through with a case I make
out my bill and send it to the company
and they always pay it. That is my crime.
I don't think there is a lawyer with the
brains of a newly fledged dove that
wouldn't take it to-morrow il he could get
it. [Applause.]
"It nay be nossible that this great en
gine may lire on you Republicans and you
may be defeated in your political aspira
tions. But they can't hurt you. They
tried to kill off Stephen M. White, but
White was superior to the San Francisco
Examiner. I only give this to you that
you won't be afraid of this penny-a-liner.
"What are you going to do? 1 know
wnat I am going to do. This man has
been before the bar of justice. I shall vote
for this resolution. I want an example
which shall say to this newspaper writer,
'You shall not charge a Senator with
bribery unless you have the proof.' "
The Bruner case was cited as showing
how ready the Examiner was to submit
its proofs when it really had them. He
then continued :
"Now, if the private relations between
Mr. Hearst and these gentlemen are so
disreputable, I am willing to excuse
them. Why don't they answer if they
have any truth to tell? They want to be
put in a position to say that this oenate
fell down and that the Senate dared not
punish them for contempt. They will
not put me ; n this position. They can
hound me with their emissaries; they
can send men to peep through keyholes
and over transoms, but there is one
thing certain — they can't hurt a hair of
my head, for truth will beat them every
time.
"What will you do? laskyouto stand
up like men and teach tbe«e men that
they have braved our power; teach them
that it is in our power to make them tell
ns what they know or say, 'We lied about
this thirty-second session of the Legisla
tuie.'"
Bert sai>l he could not vote for the reso
lution because the questions asked the
witnesses and which they refused to an
swer were not pertinent, and that no evi
dence had been submitted to show that
the charges were founded on any fact.
He added the Senators needed no further
vindication ot their honor and honesty.
Withington, to the surprise. of every
one, swung into the ranks of the majority
who voted for the resolution to cite for
contempt, although no testimony had
been adduced.
Prisk, doubting the Senate's power to
punish for contempt, but statins there
was no evidence whatever to substantiate
the Examiner's charges, opposed the reso
lution.
Str.itton offered some technical objec
tions as an excuse to permit him to vote
against the resolution.
Pedlar expressed surprise over the "pe
culiar speech of the Senator from Ala
nieda" and declared it was no time for
technicalities, and said that he for one
would be willine to stop ail proceedings if
the paper would retract all it had said
about the matter.
Senator Boyce delivered a scorching hot
address. "I know," he said, ":hat no
newspaper can ever rise above or distin
guish itself from the character of the man
who is at the iie^d of it, any more than a
fountain can rise above its source."
Referring to Long Green Lawrence, the
Senator continued: "If he can say that
bribery stalked in our midst, if he can say
that every one who voted for a certain
measure is guilty of bribery with im
punity, then we should fold our tents
and silently steal away after we have
stolen everything in sight, as some of the
Sacramentans say we do.
"These men have sought to charge cor
ruption in a public journal. It is proper
that this body should cleanse itself and
leave itself above suspicion. I believe
that these rsso utions simply indicate that
we are strong enough and firm enough to
resist the attack of any journal."
Hi* closing words were .is follows:
"That thing which has been excluded
from the mails by one house of our United
Government; that journal states Portland
condemned and threw out of its public
library as being too indecent to be on Its
tables, should be punished.
"I am not afraid to handle vermin. If
by any means within my power I can do
some good in the world I am willing to go
down into the gutter to crush out this
viper*
Storehouse saw the trend of matters and
with good sense closed his case by this
impressive and simple sentence:
"I ask that the roll be now called."
When the secretary had finished this
was the vote in favor of punishment:
Androns, Aram, Heard, ltoyce,
Itnll:i, Chapman, Denison,
Flint, Franck, Gillette, Jones,
Gleaves, Under, Luchslnger,
iVlahoner, Morchouse, Pedlar,
Shine, Shippee,Simpson, Smith,
Trout, Voorheis, Withingfton,
Wolfe. Total, 25.
Those who were willing to see the Sen
ate defied and besmirchod with impunity
were: . .;', ,;■.. ,'
Bert, Brannhart, Doty, Hall,
Dwyer, Feeney, Henderson, 1
Langford, B .:« Rue, Prisk, Sea.
well, Stratton-Total 13.
Seawell changed his vote \ for the par
pose of securing a reconsideration, so the
official vote shows 26 ayes and 11 noes.
Dickinson refrained from voting, as -he
was chairman of. the committee of inves
tigation, and Holloway and Toner were
absent.
Senator Morehouse withdrew the reso
lution providing for the punishment of
Al Murphy, and ,the vote on the Levings
resolution was the same as on the first
one, except that Wolfe dodged the vote,
Dic&inson and Stratton voted for the reso
lution and Smith voted against It.
Seawell again changed his vote to aye
for the purpose of "reconsideration, and
the official record of this vote also shows
26 ayes and 11 noes.
The matter of reconsideration cuts no
figure, as the motion to take up the mat
ter will be defeated incontinently should
it ever be made.
: On motion of Senator Morehouse the
two prisoners were ordered into the cus
tody of the sergeant-at-arms, to be deliv
ered to the Sheriff for imprisonment.
OUT ON BONDS.
Long Green Temporarily
Gets Out of the Sheriffs
Hands by Furnish
ing Bail*
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 9.— After
the Senate bad rendered its decision that
the managing editor of the Examiner ana
the reporter who wrote the bulk of the
libelous article were guilty of contempt,
the prisoners at the bar were taken by
Sergean!-at-Arms Blackburn to the office
of Adjutant-General Barrett, where the
Examiner's attorneys. Garret McEnerney,
A. J. Clunie, George A. Knight and
Charles F. Hanlon, held a consultation
with reference to the proceedings in
habeas corpus.
After the campaign of the defense had
been mapped out Lawrence and the rest
went to supper at a French restaurant,
and at 9 o'clock were turned over into the
custody of Sheriff Johnson. This was
merely technical, for they were brought
to the chambers of Judge Hughes, where
a petition for the writ of habeas corpus
was filed, and where Charles F. Hanlon
and Railroad Commissioner Hugh M.
Larue filed bonds for the appearance of
the prisoners to show cause on Thursday,
March 11, at half-past 1 in the alternoon,
why the sentence of the Senate should not
be carried out. The bonds were iixea at
$1000 each, and after the necessary formal
itie-t had been observed the prisoners, to
gether with their attorneys, left the
courthouse and, celebrated their respite by
opening champagne in the Golden Eagle
bar.
A peculiar incident occurred at half
past 11 o'clock tbis evening in the office
of the Golden Eaglej Hotel. Senator
Franck of Santa Clara was conversing
with Sergeant-at-Arms Blackburn of the
Senate when Andy Lawrence approached
him and angrily said : '-Father Riordan
of Santa Clara College has telegraphed
me that he 13 opposed to the bill allowing
the girls from the Wbittier School to be
removed to Santa Clara. You don't de
ceive me any more."
Senator Franck laughed at him, and
Lawrence retired to the headquarters of
the Examiner in the inner office.
Senator Franrk explainer! to a Call re
- ■ ' -*. '" " KEW ' TO-DAT. ' ' ' T
w>^-~~~- -«— •«-—— —^~>— ~^~»^^— ~^~— — «^"~-^-^^»«»^
" There are 25
cents a pound
0 *
1 baking pow-
ders and there
are 5 cents a
pound V beef-
steaks. .
finest baking
powder known
—is not the
cheapest.
.36 v . Tillmarn & Bcndel, Mfm
nniIOUPO FOR BABBRRSI • BAR.
H>KllifoH$ IB K 6 "' bootblacks, batn-
UllUviiSaU nouses. < billiard- tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, carmen,
6yen, flonrmills, foundries, : laundries, '■- paper*
; hangers, i printers, - painters, .-hoe factories. »t-»bt«- ■
men, roofers, tanners, tailoi-s, eta
-»,,,,, BUCHANAN BKOS..
I BruibManufocturer*. 60!>Sacr»mento*fe
. ' ■ '■■: ■ . - ,i - . ,-.. -.■ -■*■ - - -c- ..- ■■ - - . - ■ . ■ . ■ .■- . •_ _
34
portortbat the remark of Lawrence was
an attempt to bulldoze him. The Senator
favored tho bill to have the Whittier girls
transferred to Santa Ciara, and had pre
sented a petition to the Legislature on
which appeared the names of Father
Riordan and Capitalist Bond, and the Ex
aminer opposed the bill "for reasons,"
added the Senator. "No doubt the Ex
aminer got paid for it. I understood
from Andy Lawrence's words and manner
that he was trying to intimidate or defy
me. But he can't do it. I voted to-day to
havo him sent to prison, and I would vote
the same way to-morrow."
The release of Lawrence and his re
porter was on what is known as a Sheriff's
bond. Tne Sheriff, on the advice of Dis
trict Attorney Ryan, approved of the
bonds signed by Hanlon and Larue, and
discharged the prisoners, with the ap
proval of Judgß Hughes.
It is now claimed that this was an ille
gal action and that the Sheriff and Jndee
Hughes are liable to impeachment, be
cause the prisoners had not taken an ap
peal from the judgment, but had merely
applied for a writ of habeas corpus.
Opinion is divided on the matter. Some
Bay that the Sheriff has no right to turn
loose a convicted prisoner, bond or no
bond. That power lies with the court
after the hearing on habeas corpus. It is
different in case of an appeal, but in this
case no appeal was tiled. If this opinion
be correct it is likely that impeachment
proceedings will be instituted against
Sheriff Johnson and Judge Hughes.
JT.V SEX ATE AM> ASSEMBLY.
Several BUI* of (ir-nt Interest to the
State Are Considered.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 9.— Senate
to-night passed the following bills: By
Langford, relating to the dissolution of
swamp land reclamation districts; by
amending section 631, C0de of Civil
Procedure, regarding executions; by
Beard, relating to the power of boards of
trustees in certain cities; by Simpson, pro
hibiting the unauthorized wearing of
badges, buttons, etc., of societies.
. Senate bills relating to the better pro
tection of stockholders of corporations,
relating to th* husband's control and dis
position of community property and lim
itine the time for commencing actions for
recoveiy of community property were
withdrawn.
Very little business was done in the As
sembly this aiternoon. Most of the A
ssemblymen were in attendance on tne
Senate. Ennis* bill relating to duties of
county Supervisors respecting roads was
made a case of urgency, ana read a second
and third time and ] asstd.
Cutter's resolution abrogating joint rules
40, 48 and 49 on theground of unronstitu
tionality was adopted. The resolution re
lates to the twelve-day file.
In the Assembly to-night Assembly
bills regulating the expenditures of appro
priations made by the present Legislature,
and relating to election of boards of free
holders or to vote on the proposed char
ters were passed.
Assembly bills requiring written de- '
mauds for retraction to be served upon
newspapers before a-tion for libel b°gan and
appropriating $75, 0C0 to pay existing dttbt.4
of the district agricultural societies were
killed by having their enacting clauses
stricken out.
COjaPTKOLLKU HCKLE& TO RETIRE
Charlet O. Davcei of Ernntton, 111., Hit
J'robab!e fiucrca.tor.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— A Her
ald special from Washington says James
H. Eekles, Comptroller of the Currency,
will probably retire from that cilice in a
few days to accept ths office of Special
Commissioner, created by the monetary
conference act, wh.ch became a law in the
last hours of President Cleveland's ad
ministration.
It is s.tated on good authority that the
President has offered this place to Eekles
and that he will accept it.
Charles G. Dawes of Evan3ton, 111., will
probably be appointed Comptroller of the
Currency.
The monetary act authorizes the Presi
dent to appoint "one or more special
commissioners or envoys to such of the
nations of Europe as lie may designate, to
seek by diplomatic negotiations an inter
national asr^ement lor securing afixitv
of relative value between gold and stiver
as money by means of a common ratio
between these metals, with free mintage
at such ratio."
This ar.t appropriates $100,000 for the
expense of this undertaking While it is
not known what salary the President will
fix, it is said that Eekles will accept the
place with the understanding that it will
be $7500 a year. His salary as Comptroller
13 $10,000 and his term of rive years will
not expire until April, 1898.
It has been President MiKinley's inten
tion to permit Eekles to serve out his
term as Comptroller, and he would have
done so had not this conference act cre
ated a position which the Comptroller is
especially qualified to fill. It i 3 not known
whether more than one commissioner will
be named.
LUCIBS luESBK DEAD.
Was for Manu Y*ars in the Government
Military Service.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— Lucien \
Loeser, who was for many years in the
Government service, died at his hone in
Brooklyn Saturday morning, aged 79.
Loeser was graduated from West Point
Military Academy in 1842. Many distin- ;
guished men were ."..is classmates, inciud
iug General Simon B. Buckner, General
Longstreet, General Hill and General
Dana. ; ? v.;
Loeser's service was with the artillery.
He was detailed to California in the days
when Colonel Mason was Military Gover
nor of the State. He was sent to Wash
ington with specimens of gold to inform
the Government of the discoveries that led
to the great influx of gold-seekers into
that State and was the official bearer of
the news. He served in the West until
1857, when he resigned. He served during
a portion of the war with the Pennsylvania
volunteers.
He continued in the Government ser
vice, servfne in tne quartermaster's office,
until 1873, when he vta? made chief of the
record department in the House, and con
tinued in this position uniil his death.
l'OUl, Til El X ISSUES.
Understanding Reached nn to Endeator
er»' Transportation.
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.— Arter debat
ing for several days the Western pas
senger officials have reached a settlement
of their troubles over the Christian En
deavor business for San Francisco next
July. The contracts already made will go
into a general pool the sams as any other
part of the business. Chairman Caldwelt
is to have sole direction of the routing of
th« parties as far as practicable; there is
to be no . payment of commissions to
Brents and no free transportation to
officers and leaders to influence business.
The single-fare rate remains. It has been
made for colonization purposes more than
for.any other.
H iff Murdir and Suicide.
CHICAGO. 111.. March 9. -James
Powers, livinjr at 202 Aberdeen street,
shot his wile Mary at midnight, billing
her instantly, and then turned the weapon
upon himself and sent a bullet into his
own brain. It is said he cannot survive.
Jealousy is assigned as the cause for the
deed. Several months ago the couple
separated, but recently have iived to
gether. There are two children, eight and
lour years of age respectively.
To Muzzle Hearft'a Paper.
BUFFALO, N. V., March 9.— The En
qulrer says: Senator Lamy and Assem
blyman Braun will introduce m tbe Leg
islature at an early aate a bill to
provide for the proper supervi
sion of newspapers published in the
State of New York and for the
apointment of a censor for each news
paper published in counties having a
population of 10,000 or more.
SENSATIONAL SUICIDE.
When Detectives Try ;o Break Into His
Room a Swed/sh Embezzler
Shoots H.mself.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 9.— A man
registering as •' G. Anderson, Sweden,"
but who is believed to be Gustav Rimblad,
committed suicide in his room at the Astor
House this afternoon by shooting himself
through the head. He reached New York
yesterday ar.d immediately went to the
Astor House, *here he was assigned a
room on the top floor. This was the last
time he was seen alive. Shortly after
noon to-day two United States Marshals
and the hotel detective went to bii room
and knocked. Ritnblad asked what was
wanted. He was informed tnat a friend
wanted to see him. He replied that he
could not come in. The officers then de
manded that he open tha door in the name
of tne law, and Rimblad persisted in His
refusal, and they proceeded to force tho
door. Just then a shot was heard and
when the door was finally forced Rimblad
was found ly.ng on the bed with a gaping
wound in hi 3 head. On the floor lay the
revolver.
It was evident that the deed was pre
meditated. Upon a table in the room oc
cupied by 'he suicide there was found a
bundle of letters inclosed in a note signed
"Gustav Rimbiad," and requesting that
the letters be sent to his home in Halm
stead, Sweden. When the St. Loub was
coming up the bay yesterday two deputy
Marshals met her with a revenue cutter.
Tney boarded the big liner and searched
for some prisoner, presnmbly to-day's sui
cide. In some manner Rimblad escaped
detection. Rimblad, who is described as
•'intendante" of the Holland battalion
and manager of the provisional hospital
at Halmstead, was accused of having em-
Dezz!ed pubiic funds to the amount of
15,000 crowns. He is said to have ab
sconded February 22 last.
HAD BETTER I'AY THIS DUTY.
Dingley Vrepnre* n Club for the Trftt-
Wool Importer*.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— A spe
cial to the Herald from Washington says:
Chairman Dingley of the Ways and
Means Committee has a lar^e-^ized club
ready for importers who are attempting
to bring in large stock? of goods unuer
the present tariff laws, so as to avoid the
paying of increased duties under the new
iaw.
Members of the committee will not say
in exactly what manner it is hoped to
reach these firni3, but they talk confi
dently of their ability to so frame the bill
as to make the efforts of the importers to
evade the higher taxes very unprofitable.
Speaking of the report that ninny cargoes
of wool are now in transit to this country,
and that the owners expected to bring
them in free of duty, one of the Republi
can members of the committee said yes
terday :
"These gentlemen don't know wtiat a
rul de sac they «re running into. They
will find that there is enough ability in
the Ways and Means Committee to cir
cumvent them In their attempt to defraud
the treasury. 1 can't tell you just how
we are gome to reacn them, but I can say
they had better Bell their wooi as soon as
it is landed and savn the money to hire
lawyers. The lawyers will get as much
out of them as they would pay under ttie
increased duties, or they will have law
suits on hand tnat will last the rest of
their lives."
OKLAHOMA'S I-V t A LID DIFORCBS.
Another Decree Canc-I'd hy a StU) York
fiuprmie t/uittier.
NEW YORK, N. V., Marcli 9.— Justice
Lawrence in the Supremo Court to-day
declared another Oklahoma divorce in
valid. In 189t> John F. Driscoll told his
wife that he was going to lowa to get a
position, but instead he went to Oklahoma
and got a decree of divorce against his
wi:e on the charge of cruelty and aban
donment. When ne returned to this city
his wife had him arrested in a suit which
she iustitu ed for absolute divorce.
The court holds that the divorce decree
had no validity whatever, as the Driscolls
were not residents of Oklahoma and the
courts there had no jurisdiction in the
matter.
DASI*H BTJSAMMM ICEBOXTSD.
Her Coal biipply t.xhauited, She XJsea
Woodwork for fuel.
ST. JOHN, Newfoundland, March 9.—
A large ocean steamer was sighted off
Trepas-ey, on the soutn coast of the
island, thirty miles west of Cape Race,
this evening, headed for the Harbor.
She being unable to move owing to the
ice blockade, several men ventured out
and found tier lo be the Danish steamer
Inland, fifteen days from Copenhagen, for
New York, with a general cargo and 120
passengers. She experienced stormy
weather on the passage and exhausted her
entire coal suppiy. Sho was compelled to
burn her woodwork to enable her to reach
land to communicate her condition.
MaTALi CltElilla Clt ISIS AVERTED.
Yon Bohenlohe lmpres*e* the Budget
Committee of the Reichstag.
BERLIN, Germany, March 9.— Prince
Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chancellor, ad
dressed ihe Budget Committee of the
Reichstag to-day upon the Government's
demands for extra credit for increasing
the navy. He said Germany certainly re
quired an increase of her fleet, but the
lime in which such navy could be created
depended upon the financial position of
the admiralty and the will of the Keicn
siag. The statement made by the Chan
cellor was received with manifestations of
approval, and the threatened crisis over
naval credits has clearly been averted.
Tardy C'lrbration in far Is.
PARIS, France, March 9.— The French
Union of American Universities by a spe
cial gather. ng to-night belatedly cele
brated Washington's birthday. There
was a large attendance. Among those
present were: Henry Vignaud, Secretary
of the American Kmbas-y ; Newton B.
Enstis, Second Secretary; the Due
deNoailles, Preeidentof Levasseur; Comte
de Rochambeau and other prominent
men. M. Coubertin, who presided, dis
coursed upon the National ideal of the
United States.
Signaled That She Had Iteen on Fire.
LONDON Exc, March 9.— The German
steamer Meier, Captain Menz, from
Bremen for New York, was sighted to
day off the Lizard. She signaled that she
had been on tire but that the flames were
extinguished.
Slaughtered by Fanatic*.
PARIS, France. March 9.— A dispatch
from Rio Janeiro says that an outbreak
occurred in Bahia, where 200 soldiers and
three civil officials had been killed by a
band of lanstics.
For the German and Italian .Vimoin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—
Among the appointment rumors in cir
culation is one which sends Senator Cam
eron of Pennsylvania to succeed Mr. Uhl
as Embassador to Germany. The Massa
chusetts delegation asked this place for
Representative Draper, but Senators Quay
and .Fenrose urged Senator Cameron's ap
pointment, and it is staled that General
Draper will succeed Minister MacVeagh
at Home.
Hawking and spitting Is a sure Indlctlonof a
Throat disease. If taken in time It can always be
cured with Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant. 
For Headache take Jayne's rainless Sanative I'ills
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
THE PRESIDENT IN
SHAPE FOR WORK
Holds a Cabinet Meeting
and Receives Many
Visitors.
Some D op la to Pay Respects,
Others to Present Claims
for 0 fice.
Several Sera ors S cure U.niuter
rupte i Ijteiv.ews en the Sub
j.*ct of Pjtrcnage.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—Presi
dent McKinley started work this morning
with a clean desk. He and his clerical as
sistants were up with the mail. While at
Canton Major McKinley took time by ibe
lorelock. Every letter relating to an offi
cial subject was answered there, witn the
result that when he entered the White
House he did not have a mountain of cor
respondence to clear away.
The first regular Cabinet^meeting of the
new administration was held this morn
ing at 11 o'clock. President McKinley in
tends to keep up the practice of holding
conferences with his official advisers twice
a week, on Tuesdays and Fridays, at the
hour named. Whether rainy weather was
or was not the cause of it, there was a great
lalling off in the Jorces of office-seekers
that came to the mansion this morning.
By 11 o'ciock, when the Cabinet met, they
had all gone.
Senators Allison, Hawley, Elkins and
Cullom were among the early callers.
Major Wood, the newly appointed Sena
tor from Kentucky, who has not Deen ad
mitted to his seat, also dropped in. Clark
E. Garr of Galena, 111., who has held office
with a brief intermission ever since the
day of Lincoln, and who wants to return
to Denmark as Minister, and J. D. Elliott,
enndidate for District Attorney of South
Dakota, saw the President.
Tlie Missouri Congressional delegation
came in a body to pay its respects. Con
gress* men Hitt of Illinois and Gro«venor
cf Ohio had little chats with the Presi
dent. General Powell Clayton of Arkan
sas, who will probably ba Minister to
Mexico, had the President's ear for awhile.
Ex-Congressman Grove L. Johnson of
California, who made some sensational
scenes in the House of Representatives
durum the debate on the Pacific funding
bit), made a brief call.
Three gentlemen of prominence, who
knew they could expect, no further favors
from the Republican party, wandered in
mere)}' to pay their respects. They were
Senators Teller of Colorado, Pettigrew of
South Dakota and Cannon of Utah, who
bolted the St. Louis convention after t;.e
adoption of the monetary plank of the
platform.
President McKinley has signified his
intention of receiving Liliuokalani, the
former Queen of Hawaii, in response to
her request for an audience, just as soon
:is the rush of visitors is over. Her recep
tion by the President will be purely in
formal.
Murat Halstead was one of the hun
dred applicants for a diplomatic position
who saw the President this morning.
Congressman Daizell of Pennsylvania, a
member of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, had an interview witn Mr. McKinle7
after the Cabinet meeting, which lasted
about nn hour.
Senator Mark A. Hanna was the lead
ing visitor to the White House after
luncheon recejs. He saw the President
for haif an hour. Senator ForaKer also
had the President's ear for a few minutes.
Senator Cullom presented the names of
ex-Congressman Murphy, who would like
to be an Assistant Postmaster-General,
and Thomas Needles, an applicant for tbe
position oi Internal Revenue Collector for
tbe southern district of Illinois. One of
to-day's callers was Daniel Hogan of
Cairo, who is also after the place Mr.
Needles wants.
Congressmen Dalzelland Huff of Penn
sylvania introduced Dr. Hugh Pitcairn of
Harrisburg. He is indorsed by Senators
Quay and Penrose for the Berlin Consulate
generaicy and is said to be tho most prom
ising candidate.
Major C. W. F. Dick of Ohio, who ran
the Republican bureau at Cleveland in
the campaign, came late in the afternoon.
Mr. iliinna is very friendly to him and it
is reported that Major Dick will be the
n<ixt Fourth Assistant Postmaster-Gen
eral—the "headsman" of tne administra
tion.
Other callers of prominence were Sena
tor Hansbrough of North Dakota with a
party of friends, Congressman Cannon of
Illinois and ex-'Jongressnian Farquhar of
New York.
The name of C. J. A. Erickson, ex-State
Senator of Boone. lowa, was presented to
the President by Messrs. Dolliver, Allison
and Gear of the lowa delegation in Con
gress for the mission to Norway and
Sweden. They also left with the "Presi
dent the petitions of a number of Swedish
societies in the West urging Mr. Eiick
son's appointment.
Nearly a thousand persons shook hands
witu the President at a public reception
this afternoon. To-night beveral Senators
na<i uninterrupted conversations with
President McKinley on the subject of
patronage.
LEXOW COMMIT! EMS TO MZPORT.
Danger* Ariiino From Moniter Combi
nations Pointed Vut.
ALBANY, N. V., March 9.— The report
of the Lexow investigating cominiuee
will be presented to-morrow. It contains
about 10,000 words.
The testimony taken before the com
mittee is reviewed at length, and while no
special drive is mnde against any indi
vidual trust, the committee treats all of
tho combines investigated alike.
The report dwells at .'ength upon the
great danger that is likely to arise from,
the continuance of the operations of ag
gregations of capitalists and protests that
affirmative legislation should be enacted
with a view to restraining, if not entirely
prohibiting, the operation of such mon
ster combinations.
BuojavTiosa i.\ rats aaty.
Secretary Long Already Gives the Subject
Cowiidrrntion.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 9.— A Her
ald special from Washington says: Secre
tary Long has already given consideration
to several changes in station of naval
officers in high rank. The Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation of the Navy Depart
ment Is Rear-Admiral F. M. Ramsay, but
as that officer must retire on account of
ace on April 6, his successor must be de
cided upon within the next few weeks.
Three officer* — Cnptain Albert Kautz,
Captain R. D. Evans and Captain H. C.
Taylor— have beeu suggested »or the place.
As Commodore J. N. Miller and the
new Secretary are personaJ friends, the
belief prevails that Long may ask him to
be Admiral Ramsay's successor. Commo
dore Miller wilt be promoted upon Rear-
Admiral Walker's retirement on the 20th
inst. His special ambition, however, it is
said, is to become flag officer of the North
Atlantic squadron when Admiral Bunce s
term of duty ends in June, and it is gen
erally believed that if he asks Secretary
Long to give him this assignment he will
get it.
Admiral Wulfcer's retirement on the
20th inst. will create a vacancy in the
office of the chairman of the lighthouse
board. On account of the high rank of
army officers who are members of the
board, it has been customary to assisn a
naval officer of the highest rank to till the
position. The only re ir-admiral available
for the position i« Admiral Beardslee,
commanding the Pacific station, whose
tour of sea duty has long since expired.
His detachment will leave a vacancy
which will probably be filled by Commo
dore George Dewey.
Secretary Long will also make chances
in several ship commands -hortly and
also make assignments of officers to com
mand the gunboats and torpedo-boats that
will soon be ready lor Government ac
ceptance.
IX QUEST OF FILIBUSTERS.
Federal War Veaaela Purposely Placed
on ihit ■ Wrong Trail.
MOBILE, Ala., March 9.— A special to
the Register from Pensacola, Fla., says:
The filibuster excitement was revived
here this morning when the cruiser
Marblehead suddenly steamed into the
harbor and came to anchor near the Mont
gomery. One of the officers came nshore,
and it was learned that she had come from
the vicinity of Appalachicola to have her
bunkers filled with coal.
It was learned that she had left an
armed launch and crew at Applacbicola
to keep watch until her return. It is an
open secret that the cars of arms and
boats that left Jackronvilie on Thursday
arrived here. The cars were open and the
contents could be easily seen. The body
of Cubans went to Appalachicola and it is
known that a customs officer has gone
from here to that port.
The fact that the arms and surf-boats
were shipped here in open cars and that
the Cubans went in broad daylight to
Appalachicola leaas the public toconlude
that the whole movement was only a
"grandstand play" to avert the attention
of the officers from some part of the coast
where operations are being carried on. In
addition to the war vessels, several men
supposed to be Pinkerton detec:ives are
here and every person who is suspected of
bsing in any way connecied with the
movement is being constantly shadowed.
Nothing has been heard from the tug
Monarch since she left the harbor on Fri
day for Sabine .Pass. The cruiser Mont
gomery has had steam up nil day but has
not yet taken on cnal. No shore leaves
were granted to officers or men and it is
impossible to learn anything of her future
movements. It is rumored to-nieht that
the battle-snips Texas and Maine will
join the Marblehead in the Gulf and that
the cruiser Kaleigh is to come here to re
lieve the Montgomery.
Geornr (Iculd SelJt the Tiyilant.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— The
famous sloop Vigilant, the conqueror of
Valkyrie 11, and trial yacht for the De
fender, tins passed out of the hands of
George Gould into the possession of
Percy Chubb, who will use her as a pleas
ure boat only.
The Vigilant represents an investment,
counting the construction account of the
lse in syndicate, which built her to de
fend the Americi cup, and of Gould, who
made very careful and expensive altera
tions in her in order to provide against
the Defender's turning out a failure, of
about f 150,000.
Stanford- Oakland field Tiny.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
Marcii 9.— Manager Brown has arranged a
field day .or the freshman team with the
Oakland Hieh School. The uate was set
lor next Saturday. Later on the San
Francisco Hith Sc 00l will meet the
Ireshmen, and an interesting tryout is an
ticipated. F. Birtch, Chester Mur
rhy, P. McDowell, A. J. EJ wards, J. T.
Mottise, B. Kerrigan, B. Burnett, E. E.
Morcan, H. T. Boyd, George Beckett and
C. Wilson will composo the lrestiman
team. The date of the annual freshman
sophomore field-day has not as yet been
set.
Aat.'onal Jtepubtican Meeting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
executive committee of the National Re
publican Committee htld a secret meeting
this afternoon. A full membership was
not present and another meeting will
be held in a few days. Tae report of the
secretary showing the work done during
the summer was read. It was decided to
maintain the permanent headquarters in
Washington.
Mishap to Cardinal Gibbons.
WHEELING, W. Va., March 9.—Cardi
nal Gibbons is the guest of Right. Rev.
Bishop Donihue and the local clergy. On
the way to Wheeling over the Baltimore
and Ohio the Cardinal was slightly injured
by the breaking oi a window in the car in
which he rode. The Cardinal is to deliver
a lecture here to-morrow evening.
Chicano Populiiti Aomin-ate City Officer*.
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.— L. D. Rey
nolds was nominated as a candidate for
Mayor of Chicago at tne city convention
of the middie-of-the-rond Populists here
to-night. Nominations for all officers
were chosen from the parly. Resolutions
denouncing lusion were adopted.
JUisnourl Pacific Uirec'ors Re-elected.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— At the
annual meeting of the Missouri Pacific
road, held to-day, the board of directors
was re-elected. The arrangement for the
extension of the Iron Mountain bonds was
affirmed.
Receiver Appointed.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 9.— Judge
Hunt to-day appointed a receiver for the
Consolidated Building and Savings Com
pany. Tlie share-holders are mostly em
ployes oi the Cincinnati Street Railway
Company. The liabilities are placed at
$230,000 und assets $175,000.
JTnr on Sunday Jtnteball.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 9.— War
was declared on Sunday baseball here to
day by the Cleveland Ministers' Union.
The National League clubs arranging for
Sunday games were severely condemned.
O'nriiiiinii'i I o'i 67 the Flood.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. March 9.—Presi
dent Hermann of the City Board of Ad
ministration, after careful investigation,
places the loss in this city from the recent
high water at $500,000.
Large Drit Goud* Firm Failw.
CHARLESTOWN, W. Va., March 9.—
Jelenke Brothers & Loeb, the largest
department, store in the city, failed this
morning. The assets and liabilities are
expected to reach fIOO.OCO.
Stiiriitr of a 1 ou riff Lady,
HEADING, Pa., March 9.— Miss Isabella
Fuhon of Decatur, 111., who came here a
week ago on a visit to her iister of the
faculty of the Girls' High School, com
mitted suicide to-day.
Kn'inat City Hommtic Trngtd'j.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 9.— Gus
Morling, employed on the Times, shot and
fatally wounded his wife, Ettie, and
killed himself at 607 May street to-day.
They had quarreled.
UUmh (.'on to Xew Tork.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—Sec
retary of the Interior Bli-*8 left tor New
York this afternoon on private business.
He will remain until Friday. First As
sistant Sims will act during his absence.
CAPITALIST NOYES
CAUGHT NAPPING
The Oakland Mining Man
Given a Surprise at
Chicago.
Served With Legal Papers in a
Suit Involving Millions
of Dollars.
After Waiting Four Years the Oppor
tunity Comes to an Eastern
Syndicate.
CHICAGO, 111., March After wait
in-; moie than four years a Chicago and
Indiana syndicate which claims the' own
ership of 1,500,000 acres of land in Texas,
rich in silver and said to be worth over
$5,000,000, obtained legal services to-day
on a high official of the Clboio Creek Mill
ing and Mining Company, William Noyes
of Oakland, Cal., a capitalist and general
manager of the defendant company.
; Frederic* P. Olcott, the New York repre
sentative, and the Houston and Texas
Central Railroad are also made defend
ants. They are in possession of the dis
puted land and silver mines. ■';'
Service was obtained on Mr. Noyea un
der peculiar circumstances. He and his
wife arrived here from California last Sat
urday and were guests of the Auditorium
Hotel.
Ernest 1). Holraan and Seth F. Crews,
Chicago lawyers, who are president and
secretary, respectively, of the syndicate,
and have represented it in the legal fight,
were anxious to obtain service in the
Northern Federal District of Illinois and
.bring suit away from Texas. A similar
suit is now pending in Presidio County,
Tex., where the greater part of the prop
erty is located.
Just he fore the late Judge Gresham was
appointed Secretary of State by ex-Presi
dent Cleveland a suit in ejectment was
brought by the syndicate in this Federal
district, but Judge Gresham refused to
allow the case to be tried, because service
was not had on any officer of the company
in Illinois.
The syndicate's opportunity came last
night. Lawyer Owen went to the opera
at the Auditorium. While surveying the
audience between acts his Heart almost
jumped in his mouth at sight of General
Manager Noyes and Mrs. Noyes. Owen
quickly chane -<1 seats for a more secluded
spot where Mr. Noyes could not see him,
and after the opera the lawyer shadowed
the California capitalist to the Annex, via
the tunnel route across the street. As
soon as possible th s morning a suit in
ejectment, claiming $500,000dameges, was
hied in the United States Circuit Court
and suppressed for service, and in the
State court two suits for trespass, claim
ing $2,000,000 damages, were Hied. After
waiting at the hotel for hours Deputy
United States Marshal A lien was rewarded
by seeing the papers on Mr. Noyes served.
The iand was granted in 1834 by the
Mexican Government 10 Jose lgnace Vig
necinquilloforseiv.ee in the army, but
he never settled on it. His heirs claimed
the land wiihout question, and after the
annexation of Texas by the United States
part of the land passed into the possession
of the Houston and Texas Central Rail
road. Another part was bought with
scrip and is now claimed by Mr. Olcoit,
who leaned it to the Cibolo Company. The
railroad's part was bought by the same
company. Five years ago the Vignecon
quillo erant was bought from his heirs by
ihfi syndicate comprising forty prominent
men. Atiorney Owen said they had been
offered millions of dollars for their claim
alone. Two silver mines, the Presidio and
Cibolo, which have yielded as hig*j as
$2,000,000 of silver a year, are located on
the property.
Cirii Arrive Oiicuased.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—
Messrs Proctor, Harlow and Rice of the
Civil Service Commission to-day called on
Postmaster-General Gary to pay their re
spects and talk over civil service rules
whicn were extended by President Cleve
land so as to embrace a large number of
important positions in the department.
Arbitration Ireaty Referred Hack.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—
During an executive session of the Senate
this afternoon Senator Davis moved to
refer the general treaty of arbitration
between the United States and Great
Britain back to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. This action was taken without
opposition.
For Assistant Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 0.-The
Times says : It is stated as certain, though
as yet unofficial, that Colonel J. H. Brig
ham of Ohio, master of the National
Grange, will be Assistant Secretary of
Agriculture, to succeed Charles W. Dabr ey
of Tennessee.
Republican Senatorial St«*ren.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—Sena
tor Allison, chairman of the Republican
caucus, to-day appointed the following
steering committee: Allison, Hale, Ai
drich, Cullom, Davi«, Sewell and Carter.
Allison was made chairman.
Carnegie Improving.
GREENWICH, Conn., March 9.—An
drew Carnegie is improving slowly.
Santa Ft Antamtin* Will Hang.
SANTA FE, N. Mex.. March 9.—Gov
ernor Thornton returned to-day from
Washington. He has no fears, in view of
Cleveland's finding that the President has
no jurisdiction in the Borrego affair, that
President MiKinley will reopen ihecase.
The four assassins now stand sentenced
to go to the scaffold on the 23d. It is
pos-ible that, in the meantime, a Gover
nor way be appointed who could be in
duced by friends of the condemned men
to interfere and commute the sentence,
but this Governor Thornton does not
deem at all probable, as almost any man
whom McKinley is likely to name will be
glad to have this notorious case forever
closed before assuming the Governor's
chair.
rnrluna Man ltndhj Burned.
EUREKA, Cal., March 9.— Lee Arm
strong was seriously, if not fatally, burned
at Fortuna on Friday. He was using gas
oline in re-enameiing a bicycle. The fluid
exploded, communicating* the flames to
his clothes. Before they could be extin
guished ihe young man was badly burned
and at present he is in a precarious coudi
tion.
'.Sudden Death at Kuretta.
EUREKA, Cal., March 9—Richard M.
Fern aid one of the best known citizens of
flumboldt County, dropped dead while
at work in this city yesterday. He was
superintendent ana chief owner of the
Eureka street railroad. While supervis
ing work on tho railroad track near the
business portion of the town he was at
tacked by heart disease.
Wardner Kiotrr* Jrrettrd.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 9.-A Wai-
lace (Idaho) special to-day says: Sheriff
Haney and posse succeeded in arresting
ten of the ringleaders of the Cosur d'Alene
rioters who ran Editor Burris ou' ol
Wardner last Sunday because he attacked
the A. P. A. Among the prisoner* is
Eugene Norton, captain of the local mili
tary company. The trial of the men on a
charge of riot was commenced before Mag
-1 sirate Finn here this afternoon.
Oi /)»•<•« Oregon's AtW Senator.
PORTLAND, Or., March B.— The Bi
metallic League haß adopted the fol
lowins resolution in regard to Governor
Lord's appointment of a successor to
John H.. Mitchell, und wired it 10 Senator
Teller and other bimetallists In Csngress:
In our opinion the appointment of Hon. H.
W. Corbcit as United States Senator is illegal,
ana we urge you to strenuously oppose nis
belnc seated.
'ZZZ Snotv in Humboldt County.
EUREKA, Cal., March 9.— The present
storm has been so severe in Humboldt
that telegraph wires have been down for
several days and overland mails have been
delayed. There is considerable snow on
the mountains and the indications are
that the storm is not over by any means.
The cold weather lias been more prolonged
and severe than for a number of years
past.
Stanislaus Irrigation Muddle.
MODESTO. Cal., March 9.— lnjunctions
have been ask?d lor and granted by the
Superior Court of this county restraining
the collectors ot the Modesto and Turloct
irrigation districts from selling for delin
quent taxes the property of the petitioners
in the districts. In Modesto district the
injunction is for the year 189S only, while
in the other district it is for the years 1595
and 1896.
Idason Valliy Murderer Indicted.
CAJiSON, Nev., March 9.— Loean, tho
man who killed Indian Jim Kir.tz in
Mason Valley about two weeks ago, was
yesterday indicted for murder by the
Lyon County Grand Jury. This was the
murder over which the Indians were so
much enraged a short time ago, when they
threatened to massacre all tue whites In
the valley. They are satisfied now that the
authorities have acted.
THE ARMY TELEGRAPH.
The Same Wire Can Be Used for Tele
phoning or Telegraphing.
The imperative need of the army of the
United States of electrical communication
bas been strikingly demonstrated in the
great value which the present system bas
proved itself to be within the last year,
says the New York Herald. There are
to-day 7SO miles of permanent military
telegraph lines in this country, all oper
ated by the Government Signal Corps.
There has been a notable advance in the
development of the combined telegraph
and telephone apparatus in use. In fact,
it is now possible for an operator to carry
in his hand a teiegraph and telephone
office combined. While one soldier is tele
graphing a message in Morse character,
another soldier may talk over the same
wire telephomcally with another station,
ana each of the receiving operators will
hear only his own message.
A curious fact in connection with tna
Government telegraph lines is that it has
been found necessary to make the testing
boxes, which are located about ten miles
apart, castiron and bullet-proof. This is
because of the fondness of the cowpuucher
for shooting off the insulators and various
portions of the testboxes. Although such
incidents occur at very frequent intervals,
so carefully are the Government systems
in the West watched that interruptions
<ire quickly repaired, so quickly that loss
of time practically amounts to nothing.
Here is a field also in which tue bicycle
plays an important part, for it is by aid of
the wheel that the breaks nre so quickly
located ana such good time made from
the stations to them, far less than would
be the result even if the hnemau rode a
horse. .
While the permanent telegraph lines
ui.der the control of the chief signal officer
ot the army were originally constructed
purely for military services they subserve
large commercial interests. The tariff
charge for messages averages about fifteen
cents for ten woids. The number of mes
sages transmitted over the Government
wires, con^sting of Government, state
and other business, aggregated 57,949, and
these figures only indicate the business
transacted on lines handling paid com
mercial messages.
The number of messages affords bnt a
slight idea of the amount of business
transacted, for tlie reason that a message
may contain only two words, or, on the
other hand, it may contain several han
dred. From a local and a military point
of view the importance of military lines
is very great. Not only do tuey increase
and subserve the economical interests of
the Government, but they are of inestima
ble value to commercial interests.
The most notable advance made during
the year in military telegraphy is the
combined telegraph and telephone appa
ratus referred to. The whale outfit weighs
sixteen pounds, including battery enough
to work over any field line which the corps
might be called on to operate. The im
portance of this means 01 communication
was practically demonstrated on the mili
tary cable between Angel Island and
Tiburon, Cal., when a complete interrup
tion of communication by the grounding
of each of the three conductors of the cable
was reported. This grounding was so
complete that a telegraph instrument
w ith a battery was worked between any
JTEW to-bat:
~~~ fA "T* N a ycung girl's life
- s**\ J^L { there comes a time
ntiCnr^ when the careless
A* \3^s*&P^^f innocence of child-
Vl» iFviisl/ hood changes to th«
7 \^m/T^^ modest, blushing
/ jßßlft 4?!to»t maidenly self-con-
\ \cpScli^^^RL sc ' ousness OI " a P-
V fTJHJtJßlQgjQproaching maturity.
<v I ißmSßf^Sfiar The eye is brighter ;
KvL^Vj^^^^ the form is rounder;
iiWgiSifflSa^ there is a touch of
f~^^^^\ shy coquetry in the
Ms mtUAiiit glance: — the girl naa
IjHH wQKjGfI become a woman.
! II WP She has entered that
WM w&ul cr itical period so full
lAfl rBfH of happy possibil-
■lß IW ities, yet so hedged
*ij3 Xaßll about with the phy-
f j«j WuK sical sufferings and
II It . wil dangers peculiar to
Jj'ljl Wy, It has been said
V I! Wl that to be a woman is
■M Jll to suffer. Too often
il'l\- /^ this is true. Awo
/ man's whole nature
/ is so bound up in the
. ■■■" ' special functions of
her womanhood that any disturbance of this
sensitive organism throws the whole system
out of harmony. "Female weakness"
causes nine-tenths of all the wretchedness
which women endure. It can never be per-
manently relieved by "local treatments."
That is generally an expensive, erabarras-
ing, useless, make-shift. What is needed is
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription to reach
the innermost sources of the trouble and
restore health and strength df>cctly to the
internal organs. J This stops th weakening
' drains which sap life's" foundation ; heals
all ulcerated conditions, gives the ligaments
elastic power of themselves to correct mis-
placement of internal organs and imparts
tone, vigor and vitality to the entire feminine
•organism. In a word the "Favorite Pre-
:' seription" makes healthy, happy women.
Dr. Pierce is the Chief Consulting Physician
of the Invalids' Hotel and Surgkal Institute,
Buffalo, N. Y. He ha* made a study of wo
men's peculiar ailments. Over ninety pages of
his great work, "The People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser." aie devoted to the considera-
. tion of diseases pe<.uHai to women. Successful
means of horae-trrn'-uent are therein suggested,
making it unnecessary to employ a physicidu,
or to submit to his "examinations" and the
stereotyped, but generally useless, "local treat-
incut. " Twenty-one (v ) one-cent stamps, to
: cover cost of mailing ; only, will bring • copy.
of this useful book Address, World's Dts
v cenj»rv Medical Ai.sc#ruou. Buffalo, N, Y«
two conductors of either of the land «nds, : j
a condition that is rarely/ found e±epe i
where a complete severance of the »bie I
exists. Underthese conditions, whenfom- • 1
munication by any other method wa^im- j
practicable, one of the new invention re- .,-. f
ferred to was connected with each eit.^^^, .
the cable. With only eight cells of a bafW^
tery in use intercommunication was el-y
fected. - ;r ■ •■' '
Every military post in the United State*
which so desire? has been supplied will*
telephones and wire for the purpose of es
tablishing electrical connection and com
munication on target ranges. Perhaps
one of the most important changes in the
Government methods of electrical com
munication is the return, which has just
been placed in operation, to what is called
the Myer system of signaling:, for the pur
pose of enabling the army and the navy
signal corps to intelligently communicato
one with the other. For ten years past
the naval electrical signals have been so
different from the code adopted by the
army that it was practically impossible
for one to intelligently make a message
known to the other. Now, however, all
this hns be^n changed, and the process of
signaling between the land and the sea
has oecome an easy task.
Would Sell Him a Hone.
A tragedian recently playing Richard 1 1
in a small provincial town was waite*
on after the show by an honest farme t
wno said that "if the gen'l'm who waute '
a horse was stiil in the «arae mind he
would ii-e to do business witn him."—
T:t Bits.
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF
What will happen to you if at
some time some one you love X\
should find out that you are JK
little more than half a man? If
you are you deserve the mental
torture, because there is no rea-
son for punishing yourself in
. that way another moment. If *
you won't be helped you will
have to take the consequences.
Evil pictures before your eyes
day and night; wasting of the
body; failing sight; no will
power ; sudden perspiration ;
twitchings in the neck and face.
All these show that you are los-
ing your manhood as rapidly as
a fool loses his money when he
plays with "Confidence men."
In eight days "Hudyan" will
stop your losses, and in thirty
you will not be the weakling you
are to-day, but a whole manly
man! One that is not at all
afraid of
ANYTHING j
OR
ANYBODY.
, ■■ -. \ '\ r .
won't cost you one single nlckclto
send for circulars' and testimonials of
the great "Hddyan" or the **30-dar
blood cure' either. Learn how man hs».s
been made in a month. ' How secondarr
and tertiary symptom* fly before the
power of the grjat Hudson doctor*.
Address or call _____
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. \--0^
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
01 It Publishes ti/e Cream of tht
©/ News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
«A IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
OC '(• ! tii PAPER ON THE
(J PACIFIC COAST
"0 Always Republican, but Al way.'!
3 Fair and Impartial in Its .^
3 , Rendering of the Po» I"
<D litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East II
3 You Want to Advertise
cJ California.
°\ The Best \ /Mining
« Telegraphic \/ News That
oi Service on /N. Is Accurate
!qV The Coast / Nyi up to data
OC r > _
"®j Not a Line of it Sensational
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°V it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. Truth. v
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER ■
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
cU HOME MAIL, $1.50 »
o/ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
ol THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
— ■ -\ .•■■-■■-'.-■; . ■ *iRUSSIA BOUND
TO HUMILIATE
BRAVE GREECE
Fixed Policy of Coercion the
Powers Are Compelled
to Follow.
WILL BLOCKADE THE PIRAEUS.
Meanwhile the Horrors of a Fanatic Warfare
Continue on Stricken Crete — An Italian
Cruiser Shells Christian
Insurgents.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia. March 9.—
A firm resolve 13 manifested in Govern
ment quarters to adhere fixedly to the
policy of coercion toward Greece should
the Greek policy necessitate such a course.
It is stated here that the admirals com
manding the foreign fleets in Cretan
waters have decided, in addition to block
ading the Piraeus and the Greek coast, to
fire upon any Greek torpedo boat that ap
proaches the foreign warships.
LONDON, Eng., March 9.— The Chroni- j
cle will to-morrow publish a dispatch !
from Athens saying that the kernel of trie |
situation is that Russia is pursuing Greece
with a terrible vindictiveness that it is im
possible to explain. It is stated, however,
-that Russia realizes that millions of Greek
Christians in the East yield allegiance
only to the Greek patriarch at Constanti- I
nople, which is a serious bar to Russia's j
plans. M. Muravieff. the Russian Foreign ;
Minister, is anxious to remove this bar by j
humiliating Greece and destroying her in- j
fluence with the patriarch.
The correspondent of the Standard tele
graphs that after repeated discussions at
•the Yildiz Kiosk respecting the fleets, its
inefficiency is now admitted by the issu- |
ing of an order directing it to remain for i
the present in the Golden Horn.
As the House of Commons was on the
point of adjourning this evening Sir Wil
liam Vernon Harcourt, the leader of the i
Liberal party, aro-o and, while disavow- j
ing any desire to embarrass the Govern- \
men; in the negotiations nece?sarily aris
ing from Greece's reply, said he desired an
as urance that the British forces should
not be employed against Greece before
Parliament was given a chance to express
its judgment on the- matter. (Opposition
cheers). j
.Continuing, Sir William said that he 1
btheved that a situation had arisen in J
%£. ; .eh an amicable settlement of the ques- !
tion was possible. He was confident that
the Government would do its best to se- |
cure such a settlement. He did not base
his request on constitutional right, but
on a policy of the higher description, j
really involving the issues of peace or I
war.
Mr. Arthur Balfour, the Government!
leader, in reply to Sir William, said that !
the course demanded by the opposition j
was extremely inexpedient and absolutely j
contrary so precedent. The Government, j
he added, could not be guided by the |
practice of France, to which Sir William j
had leferred. He recalled the bombard- ;
ment of Alexandria in 1882, and the |
blockade of Greece in 1886 when Sir Wil- :
liam was a member 01 the Government, j
He could not believe that any stronger j
action and hoped that nothing as stroug
was now likely, but in neither case to
which he referred had any notice been
iiven to Parliament beforehand. The j
G .vernment was most anxiously desirous j
ot an amicable settlement. It was in j
every way conscious of its responsibility
and was acting in the firm belief that it
was pursuing a policy that would bring
liberty to Crete and preserve the peace of
Europe. It wa"B not prepared to imperil
either by a pledge which might hamper
its action at a critical moment.
In reply to a question asked by Sir
Charles Dilke, Mr. Baltour said that he |
did not think that the negotiations now
in progress would be terminated by
Thursday, enabling a statement of the in- 1
tentions of the towers to be made on that
■day, as had been promised by M. Hano
taux, the French Foreign Minister. ;■; •■ ;'(■
A dispatch lrom Vienna to the Central j
News says that the Eighty-seventh Infan- J
try Regiment at Trieste has been ordered 1
to be mobilized in readiness to proceed to
Crete.
An extra meeting of the Cabinet to con
sider the action of Greece was held this
evening in one of the private rooms of the
House of Commons. After the meeting
Prime Minister Salisbury went to the
Foreign Office, where he was visited by
Count Deym, the Austrian Embassador.
Later Lord Salisbury sent telegraphic
messages to the foreign captains and to I
Admiral Sir Michael Culme-Seymour. I
commander-in-chief of the British Mcdi- |
terranean Equadrou.
The Westminster Gazette publishes a
dispatch from Canea, Crete, saying that
the Greeks have been ordered by the com
mander of the united fleets to ieave that
place immediately. The Greek Vice-Con
sul at Canea, who is included in this or
der, has replied that he will submit only
to force, which, the dispatch adds, will be
employed by the powers if necessary to
compel obedience to the order.
A dispatch from Candida, Crete, under
yesterday's date, says: A large number
of Moslem women and children are con
fined in the t.ospital here, suffering from
mutilation inflicted upon them by Chris
tians. News from the interior show that
massacres of Moslems by Christians are of
almost hourly occurrence. Out of 165
Moslems in the village of Cykia, only one
person, a child, escaped slaughter.
PARIS, France, March 9.— ln the
Chamber of Deputies to-day M. Millerand,
Socialist, train interpellated thn Govern
ment regarding the Cretan question and
lie action to be taken by France in view
of the refusal of Greece to heed the ulti
matum of the powers. Prime Minister
Meline and M. Hanotaux, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, asked that the considera
tion of the subject be deferred until
, Thursday, and this was agreed to by the
Chamber by a vote of 342 to 203.
■ VIENNA,- Austria, March & — The
Greek reply to the identical note of the
six great powers has been received at the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where it has
been most carefully considered. It is not
considered at all satisfactory, as it is
evasive, Greece apparently being desirous
of dodging the very points upon which
the identical note was based.
ROME. Italy, March 9.— The Italian
Cabinet mci this forenoon and discussed
thj reply of Greece. The result was a
communication wired to each of the great
powers saying that in Italy's opinion the
powers were still out of accord as to the
method of coercion which should be di
rected against Greece, and that nothing
should be done until the question be
settled.
It is stated that the Cabinet, although
hoping that a peaceful solution of the
question would be arrived at, decided not
10 abstain from taking part in the co
ercion of Greece if the other powers were
unanimous on ihis point.
CANEA, Cbbtk, March 9.— M. Baraklis,
the Greek Vic<;-Consul ; the staff of the
Consulate and a number of Greek news
paper reporter embarked upon a vessel
this afternoon to return to Greece, Ad
miral Canevaro insisting that his order
that thej' leave the island must be obeyed.
Major Bor, the British officer who was
recently appointed to the command of
the international gendarmerie, has refused
to disband the forces at the bidding ot the
international command. He declares that
lie will not abandon his post umii or
dered by the Sultan to do so.
The fight at Afcroti ceased to-day, the
insurgents abandoned carrying the posi
tion, owing to their fears that they would
again be bombarded by the foreign war
ships.
The stories of massacres of Mussulmans
at Siiia cannot be confirmed; though it
has been emphatically denied several
times, it was repeated again to-day, with
the addition that the Consuls at Herak
lion had been convinced by witnesses that
400 Moslems were Killed in the village in
the vicinity of Sitia. It was first stated
that. 2000 Mussulmans had been massacred
in Sitia.
Tne contemplated disbanding of the in
ternational gendarmerie causes-uneasiness
here, as it will leave the city at the mercy
of the unpaid Mussulman eendarmes. Ac
cording to a Turkish report six Moslems
were killed and eight wounded in the
fighting at Akrotiri.
Advices from Hararpitra says that Mus
sulmar.s in possession of that town were
summoned to surrender by the Christian
insurgents who were surrounding the
town and thai the Mussulmans refused to
do so. The insurgents then fired a volley
into the fort, which was held by the Mos
lems, when an Italian cruiser lying off the
town fired upon me insurgents, compel
ling them to ref.re. A Turkish transport
with Turkisli civil officers and soldiers on
board arrived here from Kastell to-day,
but was refused a pilot to bring her into
the harbor, owing to the fact of her hav
smallpox on boarJ.
Advices received from Retirno, on the
north coast some thirty miles southeast of
here, show that the pillaging of the bouses
and shops of the Christians there ii still
going on. The Vice-Consuls stationed at
Retimo have asked the Consuls here that
protection be afforded the Christians.
In Canea it is snid there has been rob
bery of houses owned by Christians who
are absent from the city. This pillaging
is not the work of the Moslem inhabitants,
but is done by the Turkish soldiers. Pro
tests have been made to the acting Gov
ernor, but no satisfaction was obtained, he
saying that the robberies cannot be helped
as the Turkish soldiers have to pillage to
live.
Tewfik Pasha, the Military Governor,
has sent to Heraklion for another battalion
of troops, which will make the condition
of affairs worse than ever.
CANEA, Crete, March 9.— The situa
tion at Akrotiri is similar to the condition
of affairs which prevailed there two weeks
ago, but the warships are very unwilling
to fire upon the Christians. Each side
accuses the other of beginning the com
bat. The truth seems to be that the in
surgents began to advance upon the town
an 1 th«j Turks began to fire upon them.
The result of the mission of Sir Alfred
Biolitti, the British Consul here, in behalf
of the beseiged Moslems at Cnndamos, is
as yet unknown, although yesterday it
was stated that it had failed. When he
arrived at Selino he communicated with
the insurgent chiefs, who at first refused
to meet him, but upon learning that it
was proposed by the powers to grant
autonomy to the island, they eventually
invited him to a conference.
It is understood that 570 men from the
British warships Rodney and Scout, and
the ships of other nations are escorting
Sir Alfred, who started for Candamos yes
terday morning.
ATHENS, Greece, March 9. — Nea
Epliemeris, the ministerial organ, says
that orders have been 6ent to Admiral
Sachtouri. the commander of the Greek
warships at Canea, to retain his position
and not to notice any directions that may
bo given to him by the foreign admirals,
even if force is threatened to compel
obedience to their directions.
It is also stated that Prince George, on
board the tchoolship Kanaris, went to
Piatania and instructed Colonel Vassos,
the commander of the Greek army of oc
cupation, to avoid a conflict with the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
FIERCE FIGHTING IN THE STREETS OF CANEA.
powers and to withdraw into the interior
of the island.
The Greek squadron 13 blockading a
number of Turkish vessels in the Am
bracian Gulf.
The Archbishop of Canterbury in reply
to a messaae to the Metropolitan of Ath
ens has written that the Angelican church
prays earnestly to the Almighty, to give
Cretans liberty, justice and peace.
Three hundred monks at Mount Athos
have offered their services as soldiers In
the ever.t of war. They were expected to
arrive at the Piraeus to-day.
Mi tT lOIIK ii REEKS tXCITED.
Over a Tliotimnd JUen Jirailij to Go
Home to Fight.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— The
probability that war will be declared
against Greece has aroused the Grecian
residents of this city to a high state of ex
ctement. Since the publication of Consul-
General Botassi's call for reserves the en
thusiasm has been intensified at numerous
meetings hold by the natives of Greece.
More than a thousand men have already
responded to the Consul-General's call
and have signified their willingness to
enter the Grecian army if their passage is
paid across the sea.
MIDNIGHT TRAIN ROBBERY.
Masked Men Hold Up the Louisville and
Nashville Fast Mail and Secure
About $10,000.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March 10.—
Louisville and Nashville northbound
fast mail 4 was held up by six masked
men three miles this side of Calera about
11:15 o'clock.
The train had just left the tank and
was on time. The engineer was ordered
to halt his train by two men on the plat
form of the mail coach.
Two ugly pistols added emphasis to the
order. Ha obeyed. He slopped the train
and was ordered down from the cab and
made to cut loose tho air, which ha did
promptly. He was then made to go with
the men to the express car. Tne only oc
cupant was H. W. Gordon, who was made
to open the doors. One of the men went
inside and secured a number of valuable
packages, the contents of which are not
known to-night.
The men then accompanied the en
gineer back to the engine, after he had
readjusted the air. He was then ordered
to pull out. which he did. The paisengers
were not disturbed. Sheriff O'Brien and
five deputies, with horses and dogs, left
on a special for the scene.
It is rumored that the robbers secured
about $10,000. The facts are so meager
and the railroad officials so reticent that
it is impossible to substantiate the report
at this hour.
UETEOIt t.iLLS IN OHIO.
Itcsidentß of Mew Hrnton Seared Out of
Their Witt. l ■ - l ;
WASHINGTON COURTHOUSE, Ohio,
March 9. — At 10 o'clock this morning peo
ple at New Benton, this county, were
greatly excited. Tncy saw a cylindrical
light, from which three columns of smoke
were issuing, producing a half-rumbling
half-hissing noise, which was heard for
miles. Suddenly the ball burst, produc
inp a terrific report, which was heard
twenty miles distant, and breaking the
window lights ot' some of the houses.
When the meteor pas.'cd ov. r the house
of David Lei/ure the iaiter was knockod
down and lor some time was unconscious.
Shortlyafterward, unon going to M3 stable,
he found one of his horses dead in its stall,
with the side of its head blown off. An
other horse in an adjoining stall was made
dpaf by the concussion. Search is being
made for the meteoric stones.
IHart/lntid Sterl Hark* to Start Up.
BALTIMORE, ill), March 9. -It is
authoritatively stated that the works of
[Reproduced fro»i the Paris lllu.stre]
the Maryland Seel Company at Sparrows
Point will j.tart up in all its departments
in a few week-?, thus giving employment
to over 2000 men. With all its iurnaces
in operation the Maryii»nd<*vompany has
a capacity of producing 1200 tons of iron
daily.
DISASTROUS FLOODS.
Alarming Rise of the Mississippi at Mem
phis — Kentucky Family Reported
Drowned.
MEMPHIS, Tknn-., March 9.— The Mis
sissippi River has parsed the danger line
hero and is rising at the rate of nearly a
foot in twenty-four hour?, with the pros
pect of continuing until a height of about
thirty -six feet is attained.
Intense interest is felt in Memphis and
the big planting territory BOUth of Mem
phis over the condition of the river
and the probable point to which the
waters may rise, with much speculation as
to whether the levees will be sullicientiy
strong to nold the water within bound*.
River men are generally of the opinion
that there is nodanger of their giving way.
AH agree, however, that they will be
pretty fully tested by the present high
water.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., March 9.— The
rainstorm in this section continues. A
dispatch from Bedford, Ind., says the
(Inmate in that section will reach $2,000,
--000, all the country roads having been
washed out and bridges swept away.
Farm lands have been so badly washed
that raising crops is out of the question
this year. A family by the name of Wil
son is reported to have been drowned in
Richland Creek vrhile trying to escape
from a flooded house.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Mnrch 9.— The
Ohio River is again rising at the rate of
severnl inches an hour.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind . March 9— This
city experienced another steady down
pour of rain throughout last night. Fall
Creek and W'hiie River are already swol
len from the heavy rain of last week and
are a train risine rapidly. The Eyansville
and Richmond Railroad has entirely sus
pended operations.
O'SEILL IS A A'JSff JiOLE.
Ihe Actor Sued' by a young Man Who
Claim* to Be lUtt Sont
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.— A mysterious
suit which was tiled against James O'Neill,
the actor, late Saturday, and suppressed
for service, was disclosed to-day.
Two suits were begun in the Circuit
Court by Alfred Hamilton O'Neill, who
claims to be the son of the defendant.
One of the bills is for the purpose of per
petuating testimony in regard to the
divorce suit, which was tried some years
njto, and in connection with this suit
O'Neill brings suit for $20,000 damages.
The complainant's lawyers admitted
to-day that the damage suit was baaed on
the allegations set forth in the suppressed
bill, which alleges that the actor and tha
mother of thra complainant, who v not
mentioned by name, were married in
187 L when she was 15 years old; that in
1873 James O'Neill deserted his wife, and
in 1877 she filed a bill for divorce o.i the
ground of desertion.
The defendant, it is alleged, by adroit
counsel and by false pretenses and prom
ises and by threats of various sorts,
worked most outrageous fraud on the
court, and that the defendant procured a
decree to be entered finding that no mar
riage ever existed and having her bill dis
missed.
Young O'Neill now asks that this decree
be set aside, that his parenta c be estab
lished, that the defendant be restrained
from leaving the jurisdiction of the court,
and also for the appointment of a re
ceiver. The actor was served with process
before leaving the city.
Knnxa* Jtailrond Hill Vetoed.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 9.— Governor
Leedy to-day vetoed the Harris railroad
bill to empower the State Uonrd of Rail
road Commissioners to establish freight
and passenger rate*.
One Failure Cart*** Another.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 9.— The Ger
mauiu Safety Vault aud Trust Company
made an assignment this afternoon. The
failure was caused by the suspension of
the German National Bank, in which the
Trust Company was a lar >c depositor.
The capital stock ii $200,000. The last
statement placed the assets and liabilities
at $271,130 each. It is thought that stock
holders will realize fifty cents on the dollar.
WANTS THE TREATY RATIFIED.*
President Favors Arbitration, Not Only
With England, but With O.her
European Powers.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— A Herald
special from Washington says: President
McKinley is emphasizing his earnest de
sire for the prompt ratification of the gen
eral arbitration treaty by personal appeals
to his friends in the Senate.
It is understood that to Chairman Davis
of the Foreign Relations Committee, Sen
ator Cullom and to others who have called
President McKinley has manifested the
greatest interest in the treaty and urged
them to use their best efforts to secure its
prompt ratification in practically the same
shape it was sent to the Senate.
President McKinley, it is said, thinks so
well of the good work accomplished by
Secretary Olney and Sir Julian Pauncefote
that he stands ready and willing to be
g'.n negotiations for similar treaties with
other European powers.
Since McKinley has declared himself so
strongly in favor of the treaty In its origi
nal form many Republican Senators who
before favored radical amendments now
incline, for the sake of harmony with the
administration, to stand by the original
instrument, with perhaps some slight
modifications.
Senator Davis, the new chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, is dis
posed to yield to the President's wishes
on nearly all points except the one nam
ing King Oscar as tne sovereign to select
the tinal umpire. It is understood that
he and other Republican members of the
committee will insist on striking out the
clause.
The chief opposition to the treaty as a
whole will come from Senators Morgan
and Daniel, both of whom stand ready to
resort to dilatory tactics to prevent its rat
ification iv the form in which" it was
drawn and as it is now indorsed by the
new administration.
Mother ami Three llauqhters Drowned.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 9.— A special
to-day from Brownsville, Tex., says that
a Mexican woman named Luz Santos Rod
riguez and her three daughters were
drowned. They went to the lagoon to get
a barrel of water, one girl aoine, in to
bathe, getting beyond her depth. Two
sisters rushed in to save her. They also
began to sink. The motner then threw
herself into the water to save the children
and all were drowned.
Judge Catxvll Lett vet for Home.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— Judge
Thomas S. Caswell of San Francisco,
who came here to attend the inaugural
ceremonies, left for home to-nicht. He
served as a member of the reception com
mittee, of which General Miles was chair
man, and was also honored by being se
lected as ft member of the special escort tc
the President during tha inaugural cere
monies.
lnerndiarl.ini Cnui«.< tour Fatalities.
BROOKLYN, N. V., March 9 —Two per
sons were killed and two others fatally
wounded in the fire at Auburn place. The
dead are Charles Goddard and an eight
year-ol;i child, suffocated in the smote.
Mrs. Goddard jumped from a nfth-story
window and will die. Mr. Dunkin leaped
from a third-story window and was fatally
injured. The fire was the work of an in
cendiary. The money loss is small.
flar Afjain in Krntiicky'a Senate,
FRANKFORT, Ky.. March 9.— When
the State Senate meets on Thursday thirty -
three Senator* are entitled to vote. Five
new men will present credentials. Fonr
of these are Repnbticnns. The silver Dem
ocrais will endeavor 10 prevent their being
seated, ana thus prevent an election of a
Republican Senator. It is going to be the
old light of last winter over Again*
PARTY DIVIDED
AGAINST ITSELF
Fruitless Caucus of Demo
cratic Members of the
Senate.
Plots to Capture the Organiza
tion of That Body C.me
to Naught.
Republicans, on the Other Hand, Are
United, but L?ck a Working
M JDrity.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— For
more than two hours to-day the Demo
cratic members of the Senate endeavored
to reach some conclusion on the question
of the organization of the Senate. Like
the Republican conference of Friday it
was fruitless In results. The two factions
are arrayed against each other. On the
one hand the Republicans present a solid
phalanx of forty-two votes that will stand
by each other through thick and thin; on
the other there are the divided ranks of
the goid standard Democrats, silver Dem
ocrats, bolting silver Republicans and
Populists.
The problem before those seeking to
take the control of the Senate from the Re.
publicans is, How can these various fac
tions be solidified and made one in inter
est? No satisfactory answer to this ques
tion has been proposes, and the more the
discussion proceeds the less appears to be
the chance of definite action, by reason of
the inability of the seceding factions to
cohere into one determined party of oppo
sition.
Caucuses and conferences have been
numerous since the new Senate convened.
The Populists, whiJe holding no lormal
caucus, have agreed among themselves
that they will support any plan that may
be indorsed by the Democrats. So, too.
the silver Republicans— those who bolted
the St. Louis platform— have agreed to
stand by whatever policy may be inaug
urated by the stronger of the oodies in
opposition to the element now in control
of the Senate committees.
When the Democratic caucus was called
for to-day there was no distinction made
between the men who indorsed the Chi
cago ticket and those who stood upon the
Indianapolis platform. Nonces of the
caucus were sent to every Democrat. Of
the gold men only Lindsay of Kentucky
attended. Gray of Delaware and Caffery
of Louisiana weie absent. The absence of
Gray is not looked upon as significant, for
the reason that whenever the Senate ad
journs over he always runs up to his home
ior the few days at his disposal. Caffery,
the second absen lee, was the permanent
chairman of, the Indianapolis convention
and his absence may have some political
significance.
The situation was discussed in a rather
informal manner, and the only result
reached was the appointment of the old
iteerin : committee, witn Faulkner of
West Virginia anrt Smith of New Jersey
substituted for Brice and Blackburn,
whose terms expired last Tuursday.
The effort to take the committees from
the Republicans is antagonized by some
leading Democrats for various reasons.
Gorman thinks the scheme to consolidate
all the factions in the Senate by a com
bination with the silver Republicans and
the Populists would be dangerous and
would result in the establishment of a
precedent that might prove embarrassing
in the future.
Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
National Committee, is said to be opposed
to it because the Democrats have not suffi
cient votes with those of their allies to do
what is proposed to be done. This con
clusion is based upon the assumption that
Lindsay of Kentucky, Gray of Delaware
and Caffery of Louisiana, each of whom
supported the Indianapolis tickets, are
not Democrats.
Jones is suppoited by several of the
more radical silver men, who thus hope
to emphasize their disapproval of the
course of thesn Senators. These same
men also appreciate the fact that if they
had possession of the committees they
would be handicapped by the Republican
House and the Republican President and
would be unable to consummate any of
their own plans of legislation.
Tne result of the two hours' talk, there
fore, was concentrated on the appoint
ment of the committee mentioned,
and this committee will confer with the
other factions and possibly with the Re
publican .steering committee announced
to-Uoy by Chairman Allison.
The Republicuns do not expect any
serious result from all the tslk of setting
aside the present organization of the
committee. They have so far failed to see
just how the opposing elements in the
HIS GOOD FORTUNE.
JOSEPH DE RICHMOND IS NO LONGER A GRIPMAN ON THE HAIGHT
" street line. He is now on his way to the south of France. His uncle has ju>t left
him a «nug fortune, so De Richmond goes to France. Before he left he told the writer
wftat he thought of the vegetable preparation grown in California called Joy's Vege-
table Snrsaparilla.
Said he: "A man on the cable-cars has to be out in all sorts of weather, and he
needs a fairly good constitution with which to battle life. If he is at all disposed to
kidney complaint he may as well get off the cars right away, for it is only a small
matter of time and he is off anyway. Well, sir, I had a pretty good scare myself. I
began to feel kind of queer, would get smothering sensations, and as soon as I put
food in my stomach it would bloat and then I would be uneasy all the rest of the day.
"I consulted a doctor and he told me I was suffering from dyspepsia. I used his
medicine about two months and I was constantly getting worse. I thought this thing
was surely going to be serious. A fellow-gripman told mo to get a bottle uf Joy's
Vegetable Sarsapanlla. Why, l laughed at him. Get a bottle of that advertised
stuff— not on your life!> Well, sir, he told me that this Sarsaparilla was just the thing
for dyspepsia, so at last I gave in and went for a bottle. I went to a corner drugstore
and the fellow sized me up wrong— he started in to string me; he wanted me to take
something in place of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilia. I got hot in the collar and left
his substituting store, and I went to a respectable drugstore and got a bottle of Joy's.
'■It was no good for a weetc. I didn't feel any relief, oniy my bowels were kind
of more regular. After the second week I began to feel like my old self again. Yes,
you may say, young fellow, that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is a fine medicine.
What! Did I get any pimples or sores on my face? No, sir. I never got a pimple on
i my lace or a sore, either."
Senate will be able to agree upon a plan of
action.
At the same time the Republicans
realize their impotence, not baring
more than forty-two votes, and with little
hope of havingthe two Senators appointed
from Kentucky and Oregon seated. They
also believe that vacancies in the various
Committees will be filled by agreement be
tween the Republicans and Democrats,
and until such agreement is readied it h
very certain the vacancies wiil not b. j
tilled.
It cannot be verified, but it is stated
to-night with much positiveness that
Senator Teller of Colorado was nt me
caucus. The scheme for a reorganization
of the Senate on silver linos contemplates
the election of ex-Senator Dnboice o; Edit ho
as Secretary oi the Senate in rlace ol -Mr.
Cox of North Caro'.inM, and tin- r lent. on
of Colonel RicharU Bright of In liana us
sergeant-at-arms. A not*? was s.^m to
night to each Republican Senator, urgii;^
him to be in his seat to-morrow at noon.
CUBA LOST TO SPAIN.
Sinews of War Wnl Soon Be Exhausted
and Two Home Revolut.ons Are
Threatened.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10. -The
Sun's correspondent in Havana sends the
following:
In the month of May Spain's sinews of
war will be exhausted, and the Spanish
Government, confronted by the two
threatening revolutions at horne — one by
the Carlists and the other by the Repub
licans — will be obliged to give up the
struggle in Cuba, abandoning the island
to the insurgents.
Such, at least, is the substance of al! the
news and opinion received here from
Madrid in private letters to leading Span
iards who have important relations with
the' court. Senor Romero Robledo, who
wrote one of the letter?, says that the sit
uation, in his opinion, id extremely crit
ical.
General Martinez Campos says in an
other letter that the Cubans are now
stronger than ever, and thut to crush the
revolution Spain needs to make three
times as great an effort now as three
years ago, which means 600,000 men and
$300,000,000. Can such an effort be made?
Martinez Campos says that the answer
wili be given by tnose who know the real
situation in Spain. "For reforms cr home
rule," he adds, "it is too late."
All the officers in the Spanish army now
! in Cuba who belonged to the Cariist army
during the last war in the peninsula have
receive! secret advices Irom the agents of
Don Carlos that their military rank will
be recognized by "The King," and they
will receive promotion in case they return
to the service of "their rightful sover
eign."
From reliable sources the correspondent
is abl-e to say that the agents of Don Car
los are working with great energy in Cuba
among the old Cariist element. A scheme
for a general uprising in the peninsula
was planned a few months ago, and was
ready to be carried out when Don Carlos'
daughter ran away with a married man in
j Italy.
Thij incident from a royal point of
view worked much injury tor a time to tlie
Cariist cause and it was decided to wait
a few more months. Now the time is con
sidered ripe and Spain will probably be
come once more the scene of a civil war.
In consequence of this critical condition
of affairs liie Central Government has
notiiied General Weyler that he must ex
pect no more re-enforcements from Spain.
Moreover, no more money is to be ex
pected for Cuba after May 1, because the
Government has to attend also to ttie war
in the Philippines and to the course of
events at home,
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— A
World special from Washington says:
Secretary Sherman has cabled Consul-
General Lee that every reasonable de
mand or request he may moke of the
Spanish authorities in Cuba will ba sup-
Dorted by the power of the United States
Government.
The first dispatch received by the new
Secretary of State from General Lee, out
side of the ordinary routine, came yester
day. It was simple and brief, asking what
he could do in the way of being relieved
of further service at Havana, and calling
attention to a desire expressed that he
might be permitted to return home.
Senator Sherman took the dispatch to
the Executive mansion, afterward cabling
to General Lee requesting him to continue
at his post, stating that no one has been
selected as his successor and it would bs
inconvenient to consider that matter for
some time. He was assured of fair treat
ment by the new administration and told
that his remaining as Consul-General
would be regarded by the President as a
personal favor.
For Ansixtant Secretary of the Xary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.-Rear-
Admirai WalKer, who will reach the re
tiring age on ths 20;h of March, is spoken
of for the position of Assistant Secretary
of the Navy. Mr. McAdoo, it is stated,
has been requested to act until his suc
cessor qualities and has consented to do so.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosU*« Fre*t
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mail «••• !•*•
Vv tiKiv Call, on» year, by mall •••• *•••
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California. ,
Telephone..... Main-IMS
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
•17 Clay Street. _^
TclephOM .;. Mala-1t74
BRANCH OFFICES i
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open ■«tD
9:30 o'clock.
• SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larktn street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opu
trull 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1«7 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street; open until 9:30 O'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE!
Boom* 81 and SB, 34 Park How, New Tot* Clt*
■ DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
WEDNESDAY MARCH 10, 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
46 XS3 inches
of advertisements, which is
224 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Read "The Hypocrite Unmasked. 1
■ The lying Examiner stands "convicted."
Well done, Morebouse. The people are
with you.
«
Whoever patronizes the Examiner pa
tronizes a convict sheet.
Their names hereafter are Long Green
Lawrence and Scab Hearst.
For about 3 cents a pound on twine,
Willie, the scab, betrays free labor.
♦
It is logical that the Examiner should
patronize convicts, since it helps to make
them.
Senator Morehouje needs no defense,
but will have it. The Examiner needs,
hut won't get it.
Is Willie Hearst so near the end of his
father's fortune that he cannot buy twine
in the open market?
The Call is friendly to labor and re
joices in the proofs just given that labor
is friendly to The Call.
Our story of the great twine deal at San
Quentin is not copyrighted. The faker
may copy it if it pleases.
Any man who wishes to work for the
Examiner can do so by getting himself
sentenced to San Quentin.
When the hypocrite clamors for the
building up of home industries it means
an extension of the State prison system. •-••
*
The hypocrite fawns on workinemen to
get their money, but when the hypocrite
has to buy anything he buys it at San
Quentin.
The Legislature will not permit the
snaky journal to squirm away, nor will
the peoDle. Everybody understands the
situation.
The Examiner gang prate of their devo
tion to free union labor,, but their hearts
and their purses twine round the State
prison convicts.
Absentee Hearst and Long Green
Lawrence have as much fellow feeling for
convicts as if they expected to join the
gang themselves some Cay.
Sending Long Green Lawrence to San
Quentin wouldn't hurt Willie Hearst.
The absentee faker is as willing to have
his work done there as in the Examiner
office.
Absentee Hearst spares a little money
for expenditure in California, but not
enough to maintain his fake paper by free
labor, so it goes to State prisons where
goods are cheap.
Free union labor goes unemployed' in
this City while the Examiner saves money
by buying twine made by the forced labor
of convicts in the State prison. It is in this
way the faker shows its friendliness for
workingmen.
The labor unions which were induced
by misleading statements to adopt resolu
tions against The Call have rescinded
them. Will the Examiner now get the
State prison authorities to rescind the
twine contract? •
No one can tell how sad Willie Hearst
is over the fact that he cannot get his
printing done by convicts instead of free
la-bor. He sighs for the , day when there
shall be type-setting machines in ■ every
State prison and a system of paper
making by convicts. ? '
We publish this morning an uncopy
rig.ted editorial of the Examiner denounc
ing the use of convict labor, and adjoin
ing it we publish also an uncopyrighted
account of the. Examiner's bill with the
State prison for twine. Compare the two
and make your own comments.
By purchasing twine from State prisons
where it is made by convicts, instead of
buying it in the market of free labor,
Willie Hearst saves money just as he
saves it by publishing fakes instead of
legitimate news. As the money thus
saved is necessary to sustain a little longer
his rapidly vanishing fortune, and as no
further subsidies from the Southern Pa
cific are obtainable, he has some excuse
for such economies, but he should not lie
about them. There is no excuse for being
a hypocrite to free labor while patronizing
convicts. - ■
In promptly rescinding tbe resolutions
against The Call, which were adopted
under a misapprehension of the truth, the
members of the labor unions which
adopted them have acted with a manly
and honorable vigor which is in tbe high
est degree commendable. Every man and
every organizalion is liable to error, bat
there are not many that have the courage
and the honesty to acknowledge it and
correct the wrong. What has been done
by the unions in this instance is an evi
dence of a genuine manliness of character,
and cannpt fail to raise the members of
these unions in the esteem of ail citizens.
THE HYPOCRITE UNMASKED.
We have repeatedly of late had occasion in the interests of public Information to
expose tbe falseness of the fakes wbicb. the Examiner passes off upon its readers for
news; in the interests of decency and morality we have exposed its vile and vicious
illustrations of crime and obscenity; this morning in the interest of free labor we
expose its hypocrisy in posing as the friend of workingmen while at the same timo
purchasing supplies from the State prison at San Quentin.
The waste of money and the daily loss attendant upon the publication of the fake
journal may have reduced the wasteful Hearst to a condition where he can no longer
afford to purchase poods made by free labor and sold in the open market. The excuse
of poverty, loss, distress and threatened ruin may be pleaded therefore as some
extenuation of the act itself ; but what can be advanced for tbe hypocrisy, the fraud
and the persistent lying with, which the purchases from San Quentin have been
covered ?
The Examiner saves money by purchasing twine from San Quentin in exactly the
same way that it saves money by fakes instead of paying for legitimate news. It has
a right to do this if poverty and not an intentional meanness compels it. It has no
right, however, while purchasing tbe products of prison labor to denounce others for
following its example. We publish this morning an editorial of the Examiner declar
ing against the use of prison labor by contractors in this City, and in another column
we show that the Examiner is itself using the products of prison labor. The exposure
of the hypocrite is complete. The liar is confronted with the evidence of his lie, and
it will be impossible for him to squirm out of the corner to which he has been forced.
The attention of members of labor unions is called to this revelation of the hypo
crisy of their pretended friend. There has been some discussion of late in this City
as to who were the true friends of labor, and the Examiner has through its agents by
false statements and deliberate lies endeavored to arouse among tbe members of
organized labor an antagonism to The Call. We now publish the Examiner's record
on the subject In our statements there is nothing misrepresented. The evidence
was obtained from the State prison, and the representatives of labor onions can
verify it if they wish.
Whoever patronizes the Examiner is to some extent a patron of convict labor.
There are at this time numbers of men and women in this City seeking employment.
While they are in distress the absentee Hearst, reputed to be a millionaire, extends
his patronage to convicts rather than to free labor. Comment is unnecessary. "We
leave the subject to those who have to live by daily wages and who are therefore
vitally interested in the action of the Examiner in conducting a paper upon convict
labor instead of the labor of free mea.
SENATOR MOREHOUSE.
The people of the State of California owe to Senator Morehouse no slight obliga
tion for his courage and his public spirit in bringing the vicious, libelous and
malignant Examiner to the pillory of justice for its offense in slandering the State
Legislature, and charging that the passage of a bill, in the defeat of which the Exam
iner was interested, was due "to bribery in aid of thievery."
It is not a pleasant task, nor one agreeable to men of clean habits and honest
minds, to grapple with a journal so foul, bo unscrupulous, so vindictive, so malicious,
so false, so impudent, so shameless, so brazen and so disreputable as the San Francisco
Examiner. With no character of his own to lose. Long Green Lawrence, who directs
that paper for the absentee Hearst, balks at nothing which malice can prompt, cun
ning devise or Jying tongue utter to defame any one who opposes' measures in wnlcb
he has an interest. Senator Morehouse has had the courage to face all the slanders
and all the vileness of the vicious gang which the Examiner employs, and he has done
this not in his own behalf, but to render the Stato a service and to maintain and pro
tect the character and good repute of the Senate.
The duty which the Legislature and the people generally owe to Senator More
bouse is that of sustaining him in the course which he has taken. 'l ac E.iaminer
should not be permitted to squirm away from the position which it took of its own
will. It charced, in direct and unequivocal terms, 'hat money had been employed to
pass Assembly bill 273. It asserted the amounts paid to Senators and to Assembly
men. It declared that it had a knowledge of this bribery. It aspersed, in the first
place, every man who voted for the bill in either House. It denounced them as
boodlers and bribe-takers. It sent abroad to the world a report, specific and definite,
that the legislators of California were corrupt to the core.
Having been called upon to prove the charges made Long Green Lawrence,
who acts for the absentee Hearst, has endeavored by every trick his cowardly cun
ning could devise to avoid answering. After publishing the statement that Ssnators
and Assemblymen had taken bribes he now slinks away from the demand that he
give his reasons for making the charge by declaring that it wouid be a breach of con
fidence to do so. He claims to have received the information of bribery as "a privi
leged communication," and does not pretend to have investigated it or to have ob
tained any evidence whatever to sustain it.
Caught in a corner this man Lawrence, who stands charged and accused with all
sorts of offenses — from attempts to extort money to obtain the passage of a bill
through a former Legislature down to fixing a referee to give a foul judgment in a
prize-fight — seeks to shift popular attention from himself by defiling and defaming
others. It goes without saying that he will not be allowed to do so. The people un
derstana the situation. The Legislature will do its duty. Tne Examiner will be
branded as a lying journal. Long Green Lawrence will be branded as a notorious
slanderer, while Senator Morehouse, for his courage in defending the honor of the
Legislature and the reputation of the Btate, will receive from his constituents and
from the people at large the greeting of commendation and approval which he mtrits.
FRIENDLY TO "THE CALL."
It was in the highest degree gratifying to The Call to be able to publish yester
day the announcement that the Examiner's reported discontent of labor unions with
The Call was wholly unfounded. The Call holds organized labor in such high
esteem tnat it accepts every evidence of friendliness on the part of the unions as a
compliment of which it may be justly proud.
It will be remembered that Carpenters' and Joiners' Union No. 304, acting upon
certain statements which were made to it, passed resolutions adverse to The Call.
The union afterward investigated these statements ana, as was stated by William
Jilge, president of the union, in a letter to The Call, which we published yesterday,
the union learned "that the statements made were unwarranted and misleading."
The former resolutions were therefore rescinded.
It was further reported by the Examiner that the Paper-hangers' Union had passed
resolutions against The Call, but L. F. Danforth, president of the union, in a letter
to Th« Call published yesterday, declared "there never has been a meeting of this
body at which such resolutions passed, nor any resolutions condemning The Call."
The president added, "No one is authorized by the Paper-hangers' and Decorators'
Union to use its name for the purpose of injuring persons or businesses to gratify
personal spite."
In addition to declaring the former resolutions rescinded, President Jilge of Car
penters' Union No. 304 declared "The Call has always been fair and impartial in its
dealings with labor unions and workingraen." President Danfortb, after denying
that the resolutions reported had ever been passed, declared The Call is a paper
'{which in the past has shown a manifest friendship for the working classes and or
ganized labor."
The statements made by these two representatives of organized labor in this City
are true. The Call has ever been the friend of all workingmen, and has been In an
especial sense the champion of organized unions. So it has Deen in the past, so it is
now, and so it will ever be. We are grateful for the recognition which has been given to
our consistent attitude toward the workingmen, as well as to ail other citizens of
California. The Call sueaks for all— for the whole State, witbout regard to sections,
and for all the people who labor to build it up.
The malicious lying of the Examiner has had these good effects— it has made evi
dent the friendliness of The Call to organized labor and has brought forth these pub
lic testimonials of the recognition of it by tbe labor unions.
A NEEDED AMENDMENT.
The proposed constitutional amendment
which provides that the "county offices"
in a consolidated city and county shall be
brought within the scope of a freeholders'
charter in absolutely essential to any at
tempt at establishing a sytematicand well
ordered local^ government for San Fran
cisco. Ever since the Supreme Court de
cideJ that San Francisco Is not s truly
consolidated community, so far as its gov
ernment goes, but is partly a county and
partly a city, it has been impossible to
understand clearly under what terms the
so-called cDunty officers hold.
San Francisco requires a new charter,
and in tbe course of events will inevitably
have one. Provision should be made,
therefore, as speedily as possible, to en
able the people, when adopting such a
charter, to arrange for all the officials of
the incorporated community. In other
words, San Francisco should be one
thing, and not two things. The charter
under which its local government is to be
conducted siiould cover alt departments
of that government. The proposed
amendment should by ail means be adopt
ed. It is not only a proposed advantage
to the City, but an imperative necessity.
Even the subsidy obtained from the
Southern Pacific Company by the faking
boodler went to convicts instead of fret*
labor. The twine deal has been going on
a long time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
THE FEDERAL BUILDING.
The California deiegition in Congress
owes to the people of this City some ex
planation or at least some statement of
what is bsing done at Washington to ad
vunce the beginning of the work on the
FeJeral building.
The people are asking for news about
the work. What has Senator White done,
the senior Senator of the State? What
has Senator Perkins done, who represents
the Republicanism of California, and is
therefore a representative of the adminis
tration? What has baen done by Con
pressman Maguire, who poses as the
fifend of workingmen in this City? What
has been done by Congressman Loud, who
as a Republican of long service in the
House cannot fail to have influence with
the new administration?
San Francisco needs the new builainjr.
Her workingmen need the employment
its construction would give and the wages
that would be paid for the work. At the
prtgent time it has become a serious
problem how we can bess provide wages
for willing workmen and profitable em
ployment for industry. It is natural,
therefore, that the people should recall
the fact that an appropriation has been
made for this building and persistently
ask why work is not begun.
Whatever could be done here to
further the work has been done. The
agitatioa of The Call on tbe subject has
betn respond*! 10 by all the industrial
and commercial bodies of the City. An
urgent petition has been forwarded to
Washington requesting the officials to
begin the work, and an earnest demand
has been made upon all members of the
California delegation to advance it by
every means in their power.
Tde people expect from Washington
some reply to this petition and request.
They wish to know what is being done.
They desire some evidence that our Sena
tors and Representatives are giving due
attention to the enterprise and are push
ing it forward as rapidly as possible.
THE EUBOFEAN CRISIS.
The reply of the Greek Government to
the ultimatum of tbe great powers gives
promise of a temporary arrangement by
peaceful means of the situation in
the Levant. Nevertheless tbe affairs
of Greece and Crete undoubtedly con
stitute a serious crisis in Europe.
Despite the desire of the statesmen of tbe
great nations for peace, despite tbe im
perative necessity of maintaining it in the
interests of industry and commerce, and
despite all the influence of conservative
men on the side of peace, there is danger
that war may be forced upon the people of
that continent before the close of spring.
It is an old and oft-repeated, saying that
unsettled issues have no respect for the
repose of nations. Between the Greeks
and the Turks there are unsettled issues,
and they have now produced In both coun
tries such Spirit of mutual antagonism
as can hardly be allayed by any diplomacy
however wise or coerced by any display of
force however great. Europe may talk of
peace, but between the Greeks and the
Turks war has already been betcuu and the
end of it cannot be foreseen.
The conditions are such that the states
men of Greece and of Turkey cannot hold
the people in restraint. Before the pres
ent family ascended the throne of Greece
the Greeks were ruled by a King chosen
from among the Princes of Bavaria. His
policy was not in accord with the popular
will and he was expelled from the throne.
The present X ng H wise enough to profit
by that exampb. He knowa that he must
act in accordance with the will of the
Greeks or abdicate. It was therefore no
idle saying on the part of King George
that he would rather die on th« battle
field than to die an exile. That is the
exact choice belore him. IK- must either
tight or resign.
The circumstances which surround the
Sultan are not widely different irom those
which surround the King of Greece.
There ia a war party in Turkey not less
strong nor less patriotic than that among
the Greeks. It has been roused to mad
ness by the tumene3s with which the Sul
tan has submitted to outside dictation.
It is capable of breaking at any moment
into open revolt. It cannot be ignored by
the Sultan and his advisers, and there is
evidence that its fanaticism is so great
that it would be willing to risk a war
against all Europe combined in what it re
gards as the holy cause of Islam against
the cross.
It is this spirit of mutual bate, born of
racial and religious antagonism between
the Greeks and the Turks, which now dis
turbs the repose ol Europe and threatens
to involve all the nations in a cenernl war.
Three countries— Great Britain, F.ranca
and Russia — are charged by a solemn
treaty with the responsibility of main
taining peace in the Levant. It remains
to be seen whether tiiey can do so. Their
statesmen are cleariy averse to war at this
time, but there is a t>ower greater than
diplomacy, and that power may yet set
all the mighty armies of the nations mov
ing in spite o.'ail that statesmen may do
to prevent the catastrophe.
FORGIVEN ii^b!
I sat in the evening cool ." - ~ . :;
Of the beat-baked city street, ' ".'■"' ■/'..
Musing and watening a little pair .
Who played on the wk'k at my feet;
A boy the elder, of strong, rough mold;
His sister, a bios jom sweet. -
When, ill's: In the midst of th«-lr flay, • < '-.»■' - •
Came an angry cry, an I a blow, . ■ \ .
That bruised the cheek of the little maid
And missel bright tears to flow, \ ' .
And brousm from my lif>< quick, stiarp reproof -
Gu (ho lad who hud acted so.
And he stood by, sullen and hard, . ■ .•■■■. ,
While the maid soon dried her tear. -
He looked at her with an angry eye; ' •
she timidly dr--\v near. • • . • .i - •
"Don't be cross, Johnny!" (a. little sob).
"Let me fonttve '00, oear!"
And the cloud is passed and gone, . ..
And again in their play they meet, '
And the strong, rou^h boy wears a kinder meln -
.And brighter the maiden sw. t-t, " ■ .
While n whisper has come from the heart of God
To a man, a man on the street. 1 < : ■■■:': v, ■.
— New II ustrated Magazine.
HOME OF THE GODS.
It Is in Crete That the Old Greek
Still Survives*
Chicago Times-Herald.
Were old Jupiter as powerful as he was in
the days before the new gods came and drove
him from his seat on high Olympus there
would be no doubt as to the result oi the war
in Crete. For it was in Crete the god of nods
was born und raised, and it was in Crete he
was entombed when the night cassed away and
the thunderbolts slipped from his dying
hands, red no longer, into the hands of other
and newer deities. What Mecca is to the Mo
hammedan, Benares to the Hindoo, and Jeru
salem to the Christian, that would be Crete to
the believer of the Greek religion ; and so It is
now, in a way, to tho modern scholar who
lives in the beauties of Greek mythos, fable
and story. There is not a spot on the face of
the broad eortn that is so crowded with
memories of Paganism Beautiful as is Crete.
We are all of us iamlliar with the stories of a
religion that has given to the poets of all ages
their best inspiration. But how many of vi
remember our humanities so well as to be xble
to give local habitation to the gods and god
desses, the Heroes and the half immortals
with which the poetry of tv» ages is en
hanced?
Fancy that when Lycurjrus was modern,
when Homer wns a late-comer, when Julius
Caesar was the newest man upon earth, Crete
was ancient! The immortal gods were truly
immortal, it that word may be applied to any
thing, even by way of figure of speech. So
long hs letterslive, so long will ihe gods sur
vive. Aud Crete gave to me world its greatest
god, lor what god is greater than Jove? The
patriot Cretan, fighting lor liberty, scorning
the rule of the Turk, looking toward Greece
for aid and comfort, instinctively rebelling
a alnst the domination of such a man a< Ai.'iul
Humid, has the sympathy of every man who
iiks heard the legends oi the island and for
whom the Greek gods are more than a mere
reference. True, the Cretan of to-day docs not
reahzj Us splendid heritage. But that he has
the sDirit of his ancient fathers, tint the blood
which coursed in the veins of tho Cretans who
fought and conquered Troy still flows i\ his
own vein*, nre facts beyond* all controversy.
With small mental effort we can reconstruct
the ancient Crete and launch ourselves back
into the stream of time when It was flowing
past the gorgeous temples of Jupiter, then a
great and living god, with his millions of
worshipers : when Minerva and Venus and
Baccnus and Juno and Priapus ruled the
affairs of men aud A po.lo was not a sun myth.
Those were the days of the glory of Crete. In
Ovid's time Crete was decadent— even dead,
and Djc lalus and Icarus, Thesis aud Ariadne,
the sirens of the Minotaur, were as much tra
dition us they are to-day. Let u» glance at
Crete and its association with the my t hs. Many
places claimed the binhof Jupiter, but the
most ancient seems t"> credit Crete. Hesiod
countenances the story that the great Jupiter
was born iv Crete. Rhea, his mother, gave
birth to him in a cavern near the site of
Guossus, afterward the seat of the empire of
the strong King Minos. The Mcllan nymphs
received him in their arms. He was rocked in
a c radio of gold byAdrastea. He was fed on
ambrosia auu on nectar, bronchi by an eagle
that drew it from one of the rocks of old Ida.
And time was when the Cretans showed with
pride the cavern in which the infant Jove was
born and the very platform upou the side of
tho great mountain in which ne gamboled in
piay with the Corybantes, to say nothing of
the tomb in which the poor immortal's bones
were placed when he died.
To Crete we go for the story of Daedalus and
Icarus, told by Ovid in such sweet Latin. The
story was an ancient one even in Homer's
day, and the exiled Roman, sent in bis exile
to one of thejE<ean Isles, simply framed the
picture with a golden edge that has given to
it most of its value. It is not always wise to
undervalue the ancient poets just because
they were heathen. In the story of Daedalus
and his sen Icarus (who took the place of a
murdered nephew whose talents eclipsed those
of the sou) is concealed amoral as high valued
and deep as that of any of the proverbs of
Solomon.
The story of Icarus is so identified with
Crete that one can look to no other place for
associat ions -with the most inspired of an
tique sculptors, Sarpedon— he who later
"towered «mid the field" in the Trojan war
had been driven by his brother Minos from
Crete, and Minos took the tnrone. Dsedalus
sought him, and Minos told him to build the
labyrinth, and Daedalus built it. Whereupon
hangs the story 01 Theseus and Ariadne— the
theme oi art and poetry unlimited. Daedalus
built the labyrinth, and in its deadly passages
the Athenian youths and maidens were pent
up, to be devoured by the monster Minotaur,
until Theseus, the hero, guided- by the silken
thread of Ariadne, the King's daughter, secured
tne clew to the labyrinthine mysteries, and
Ariadne was carried off in triumph- by the aero
as a reward. - ;
To Crete we must go for the fabled river
Lethe, a draught from the sweet-tasting waters
of which drowned all sorrow and gave "sleep
eternal in an eternal night." .In Crete it was
that the sireps lived, or say rather it was 1 on
the shores of Crete they sang their seductivo
songs that. lured the manner to his destruc
tion. -Thus will Homer-tell you how Ulysses
stopped the ears of his sailors with wax and
ordered his men to bind him to the mast lest,
perforce of the -song,- he would order his
ships to steer toward the rocks ana lose all.
To-day you may see the very pool in which
the sirens bathedland the very rock* upon
which many a good snip, as good ships went
in those days, was dashed to pieces. It is
Suda Bay, as said in these "thin-laced times
of ours," and Cape Malaxa, with Akrotirlon
looking up in the distance. There is no coast
scenery, not even the sub-tropical latitudes of
our own Pacific, that can compare with the
wildness of Crete. It was from Suda— perhaps
before the bay and rocks had such a modern
name— that the Teutons drew their beautiful
fable of Loreli.
You have read Homer. Yon know . how
Agamemnon went with his great fleet to Troy
to "avenge a private wrong." You are fa
miliar with the story of that splendid epic
and the part the immortal gods played in it.
Greece seems to be predominant in that best
of poems. But when the truth is known, the
part of Greece is merely, secondary. It was
Crete that led the war on Troy. When Helen
plunged the Achaians into that memorable
struggle Idomeneus was the sovereign of the
island. He espoused the cause of the Greeks—
for were not the Greeks and the Cretans of one
blood?— and led his navy to the front.
More than eighty good ships were sent from
Crjte— from Guorsus, or Cnossus, the seat of
the kingdom— to Troy, bearing the flower and
prime of the free manhood of the rugged
island. Idomeneus himself was present and
was no small part of that famous strife. Re
member that this is not fable, but history. For
these were comparatively recent times and
the successor of the immortal Minos was sim
ply helping bis first cousins, the Greeks. At
the close of the Trojan war Idomeneus re
turned to the kingdom only to find that it had
forgotten his greatness. Homer tells us that
at that time in Crete the people were com
posed of the Achaei, the Dorians and the Pe
lasgi. These people rose up and drove the
king from his domains.- But this is somewhat
modern for Crete.
To Crete we must go for all that is left of
the truly Greek. It is said that by philology
can be traced the history of man better than
by written accounts. For written history
traditional, history— may go awry now and
then, but language never. There is nothing
so plastic as language. Words, expressive of
things, change with all change. They are
modified by the lightest breatn of custom ; are
swerved by the merest suspicion of conquest ;
suffer in thoirrharacter by the contiguity of
trade and lose themselves in the meshes of
changing* civilization, as do the roots of re
ligion, dress and table manners.
If this be so— and who can doubt it? — to
Crete we must go f >r all that is original, for all
that is left of the old Greeks. Modern Greek,
as It is spoken in Athens, is not Greek at all.
The perfect Greek scholar waits around him
in the waste and wilderness of words for a
sound that strikes his ear as familier. - The
dialects of Homer are dead. Tne Aeolic, the
Doric, the lonic are no wore in the mouths of
men— if we except Crete. In that blessed
Island alone are to b; foifnd the remains of
the language of Pythagoras, Plato. Socrates
and Aristotle- In the nilla of Sphacia, or
Sf*kia (as tne English spell it) there remains
the last trace of the old language of the gods
and the Greeks. And it is here only, in all
the world, that this language can be heard.
FAVOREu BY FORTUNE.
Notwithstanding the lact tnat Senator-elect
George Turner of Washington State goes to
i ''ingress by the courtesy of the silverites, to
htm the "dawn of proEverity" is realization,
writes Will Vischer la the Chicago Times-
Herald. He was elected to the exalted office
of United States Senator one day and found
himself almost a millionaire the next day.
When "the next day" is said that docs not
mean literally all wiihin thirty-six hours, but
so close to it that it might have been a few
hours less or a few nours more. And in all
this there is a story.
In what is known as the Rossland district,
ou Trail Creek, a little more than a rifle-shot
across the line of Washington State, iv British
Columbia, one summer day about six years
Hgo a group of prospectors, at the end of their
provisions and powder, lounged about a camp
ing-place waiting for a member of their party
who had been sent to Nelson for supplies.
Time hanging hesvlly upon them it was pro
posed that they climb the adjacent mountain
and see what was mere. The, result was the
staking out of a nest of claims in an open spoi,
cleared of the forest growth br fire. None of
the prospectors had the few dollars necessary
to hnve the claims recorded. Some of the
rock was tnken to Nelson, and E. L. Topping,
who owned a little store, advanced the neces
sary amount on the agreement thut he was to
have the pick ot the claims in payment. He
chose one culled Le Roi.
A year or two aiterward some Spokane law
yers were attending court at Coiville and Top
pine told them o.' his claim. The lawyers fan
cied the specimens of ore and the prospect
was bonded. George Turner became the
owner, at a few cents per share, of 33,000
shares. During the winter just passed some
work was done on Le Roi, and about the same
time that Judge Turner was elected to the
Senate ho wrh informed that a British com
pany had offerea $4 000,000 cash lor Le Roi,
und on the same day lie was further informed
that ano'.her group of mines in which he is
largely interested had "pauned out big." lie
is the general manager of Le Roi, and from
being a long-standing candidate for Senator,
in which aspirations there have been more
demands for expense money than were con
venient and comfortable to the hard-working
lawyer that ne was, in a few hours he became
a member of the highest legislative body of
the Republic and nearly if not quite a mil
lionaire.
PARAGRAPH, AfcOUT PEOPLE.
T. D. Hargls of Marshall County, Ky., Is dead,
aged 83 years. He was a magistrate for sixty
years and bud married 1900 couples.
Emile Richebou'g, the French novelist, is
said to hr.ye amassed $400,000 in twenty
years by writing sensational serial stories for
Le Petit Journal.
The young Czarina has just granted a sum
of 1000 rub;es toward the erection of residen
tial quarters for female students attending the
St. Petersburg Medic il Institute for Women.
Tolstoi's manuscript is full of inter inea
tlons and erasures, and the handwriting is
small, fine and hard to read. The Countess
translates it for the printer, ana it is said that
she made fifteen copies of one of her husband's
books.
The midnight music of cats so annoyed
Jerome Summers of Weavervllle, N. V., that
he hurried out barefooted with his pistol to
shoot them. In the yard he stepped on a rusty
nail, which caused lockjaw, and in ten days
he died.
Saverlo Altamura, one of the last of the
Neapolitan romantic school of painters, has
just died. He was a pcet and an author as
well. He took part in the revolution of 1843,
and was exiled from Naples until the Bour
bons were driven out.
The New York Sun, asked to name the ten
American women who will live longest in his
tory, gives the answer: Martha Washington,
Rebecca Rolfe (Pocahontas), Molly Pitcher,
Elizabeth Blackwell, Elizabeth Cady Stanton,
Pnscilla Alden, Eliza Goose (Mother Goose),
Maria Mitchell, Harriet Beecher Stowe and
Lucretia Molt
After all, it is not so many years since there
were people living who had talked wi th Wash
ington. A citizen of Buffalo, who does not by
any means regard himself as an old man, had
a chat during President Jackson's administra
tion with " Old Ironsides," Commodore
Charles Stewart, during which the old sailor
remarked that he hiul dined with every Presi
dent except Washington, and that he had had
the honor of taking wine with Washington on
several occasions.
PBRSONAL.
CM. Kecfer of Truckee is at the Russ.
J. D. Whaleu of Pleasantoa is in the City.
R. & Goss of Merced arrived here yesterday.
W. E. Crowley of Lakeport, 111, is at the
Grand.
J. L. Dodge of Sonora is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
W. H. Farnsworth of Salt Lake City Is at the
Palace.
James Stewart of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
R. G. Dunn, a business man of Redding, is
in the City.
George \\. Champler of Santa Cruz is a late
arrival here.
A. H. McFarlane of Salt Lake is here on a
business trip.
Jesse D. Carr, the capitalist of Salinas, is at
the Occidental.
Assessor \V. H. Pj bum of Monterey County
is at the Baldwin.
D. L. Morrison of Bt Louis is staying at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. Johnson and wife of Sonoma are at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Frank H. Buck, the fruit-grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace.
Ex-Senator Archibald Yell of Mendocino
County is at the Grand.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of Stanford Uni
versity is at the Grand.
W. R. Steele, a business man ot Lakeview,
Or., arrived here yesterday.
Richard Bearce, Mrs. Bearce and Mrs. Dun
bar of Denver are in the City.
3. S. Douglas, a business man of Prescott,
Ariz., arrived here yesterday.
L. H. Steinman, manager of the baggage sta
tion at Los Angeles, is at the Russ.
S. S. Wolfe, a prominent business man of Los
Angeles, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Charles Abler, a mining and business man
of Austin, Nev., arrived here yesterday.
Mrs. Gifford and maid and Mrs. George
Helms of New York are at the Occidental.
H. L. Blackmar, a capitalist of New York, is
touring this State, and is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
The Rev. L. L. Boone of Salt is at the Palace.
John T. Judd of the Black Oak mine is at
the Grand.
J. H. Thies, a cattle-ffrowerof Lovelock. Xev.,
arrived here yesterday on a business trip. He
Js at the Russ.
Hon. X. A. Dorn, Superior Judge of Monterey
County, came up from Salinas yesterday to re
main a term days.
George W. Sill, one of the leading business
men of Pajuro Valiey, passed turough the City
yesterday on his way to Sacramento.
Virgil Conn, for several years a resident of
Paisley, Or., and engaged in tne general mer
chandising business there, is at the Palace.
John J. Badenocb Jr., son of Chiei of Police
Badenoch of Chicago, arrived here yesterday,
and is at the Ptlace. He is here for his health.
Frank Fitzsimmons, Frant Waver and T. D.
Murphy, mining men of Hnrqua Htila, the
well-known gold camp in Arizona, are at the
Russ.
J. B. Peaks of Santa Cruz, who was formerly
in .lie hotel business in that city and Banja
Cruz, is at the Palace. He is now engaged in
gold mining.
Colonel H. Trevelyan, manager of a large
vineyard near Freso and a leading manufac
turer of wines, is a visitor here. The colonel
and several British capitalists are associated
together in the business.
Mrs. Guy C. Phinney, widow of G. C. Phin
ney, nt one time prominent in many leading
enterprises at Seattle, and who left a lar«e for
tune, arrived here yesterday, accompanied by
her maid. She is at the Occidental.
Miss Fanny Davenport, who will appear at
the Baldwin next Monda.- night, arrived last
night from Silt Lake City. It is four years
since she has been here. Her husband, Mr.
McDowell, is with her. They are at the Bald
win.
Mrs, James Elverson of Philadelphia, the
daughter of the late Frank Mayo, the noted
actor, and wife of the proprietor of the Phila
delphia Enquirer, was one of the parly who
accompanied Sir Bache Cunard and Joe Red
ding to this City. Mrs. Elverson has a fine
voice, and before her marriage appeared in
the comic opera, "Princess Bonnie," and other
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— At the Plaza,
Frank L. Prentice; Union Square, J. 6, Ma
guirt; Astor, E. S. Irvin ; Holland, C. H. Lovell
and R. J. Wilson. Mrs. F. J. Partridge left the
Plaza to sail on the St. Louis.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
Mr. Hiland— What do you think of the Cre
tan affair?
Mr. Halket— l think that if the powers would
only keep their hands off. we soon should see
that the (Greeks were really muscle-men.—Pitis
burg Chronicle-Teiegraph.
Barron— Sorry you can't come in, Van Tin
train. How was the sermon this morning?
VanTintram— l didn't hear the sermon; but
the text was good.
Barron— lndeed ! What was it?
Van Tintram— lt was ihat beautiful passage,
■•He giveth his beloved sleep."— Brooklyn LUe.
"They tell me that you have a new scheme
afoot," said an old friend to the theatrical
manager.
"Yes, the company's walking back from
Hoboville now."— Detroit Free Press.
She— l don't believe you love me any more.
He— Why?
She— Well, you never used to shove me away
like that when I wanted to kiss you.
He — I didn't carry cigtirs in my vest pocket
then.— Chicago Journal.
Old Lady (questioning little girl)— Suppose
the Queen had died in childhood, who would
have succeeded to the English throne?
Little girl— Her eldest son.— Pick-Me-Up.
Nellie— l don't see why Charley Dimpleton
has suddenly been so taken with Dot Thur*.
ton. How do you account for it .'
Jessie— Oh, I believe she was the first one to
notice that he was raising a mustache.—Clove
land Leader.
Billings— Hello! What's come between you
and the dashing Mrs. Coddington? I see she
didn't recognize you as she passed just now.
Cantor— Oh, nothing much. I met her In a
crowded streetcar yesterday and congratulated
her on having become a grandmother. I
thought at the time that she didn't seem to
take it just right— Cleveland Leader.
Pugilism— "The referee was bought up."
"No."
"Yes. Anywar.he tried to make a foul out
of a mere typographical error."— Detroit
Journal.
KEW TO-DAY.
One loaf of bread may be
light, sweet and digestible.
You may use the same ma-
terials for another and have it
heavy, sour and soggy. The
knack is in putting the in-
gredients together just right.
A substitute for Scott's Emul-
sion may have the same in-
gredients and yet not be a
perfect substitute, for no one
knows how to put the parts
together as we do. The se-
cret of how is our busi-
twenty-five years of
experience has taught us
the best way.
"f' . Two ■{«(•, 50 cU. and Si. 00.
; Scott ft Bowtra, Chemist*. Maw YoA,
Townsend's Cal. glace fruit. Palace Hotel bid*.*
> — • — •
One of the daughters of the late General
Logan, Mrs. Mary Logan Tucker, is soon to
come into a snug fortune. She and her son*
George .Lemon Tucker, inherit two-fifths of the
estate of the late George E. Lemon, but in
stead of a fortune of $1,000,000, which it was
supposed he had leit, it amounts to over
$3,000,000.
i . . ■ .. <
Nkw designs in fire-etched boxes. Townsend's.*
Fpectai, Inlormation daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Capping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
"Mister," said the small boy to the druggist,
"gimme another bottle o' them pntent pills
you *ol<i father day beiore yesterday."
"Are they doing h:m ?oou?" asked the clerk,
looking pleased.
"I d'no whether they're doin' father good or
not, but they're doin 1 me eood. They 1 is' tit
my new slungshot."— Detroit Free Press.
••The Ovprlnnd Limited."
Commencing Sunday, March 7, the Union Pa
cific will carry both tirst and set on I class passen
gers on the "Overlaid Limited," leaving San
Francisco every day in the week at 6 p. m., through
to Chicago without change, and all Eastern cities
via Niagara Falls. I'ittsbur--, Washington and
Philadelphia, in twelve hours quicker time than
an.' other line from California. Tickets and
sleeper reservations at 1 Montgomery street. I)
W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
"Mrs. Wlnilowi Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty y«ars by million* of
mothers Tor their children while Teething with per
fect success. it soothes the child, softens ihe gurus,
allays Tain, cures Wind Colic, regulates .be Bowel*
and la the best remedy (or Diarrhoeas, whether ant
ing Jromtee.h ing or other causes, lorsa'.ebydnisc
gists la every part of the world. Be -ure and as!;
lor Mrs. Winsow'* Miotliliiß Syrup. 26e a boiUo,
• — * — — • : ?:.'
C'onrvNAro.— Atmosphere Is per!«ct!y dry. soft
sod mild, being entirely .free from the mists coin
' mon fur: her north. T.ouud-trip tickets, by steam
. ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hoidl J<»i
Coronado, »63; longer stay *2 SO per day. Ap,i./
( .New Montgomery St., s<\n Francisco.
• — » — *
Luxuriant hair with its youthful color assured
by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
llindkkcokns, the beisl cure for corns, 15 cts.
» — * » .. .
Any one troubled at nit,'l;t >vitu a persls'.en'.
cough can pro* uro much-needed res by taking it
dose of Ayer's Cherry PnotOral.
'.».'♦ — •- :
"And you hfiv- the impudence to .«ar that
'he jimmy lourtd on you \v»s not intended to
bs u.<od in breaking into housi;-'.'" .-aid the
Judsc.
"Of course it ain't," S':id the wnnd-rer. "It
is ier brcHkhi' out o' irnight curs." —
apolis Journal.
K-EXtr TO-DAT
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
PRETTY PRESENTS.
DAINTY PRESENTS.
USEFUL PRESENTS.
FREE
I * ■■" ' "■' "■ : ; -■
WITH YOUR .
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
FREE EZf\^
WITH OUC PURCHASE.
EACH ___
• Your Choice of the Following:
1 Meat Platter, white. •
3 Plates, decorated.
1 Coffee Cup and Saucer.
1 Majolica Pitcher.
, : : 1 Yellow Mixing Bowl.
. . ..i Chrysanthemum Egg Cup.
1 Windflower Cup and Saucer. V
1 Crystal Glass Jelly Dish. j
1 Crystal Glass Spoon Holder. *
■ 1 Crystal Glass Cream Pitcher.
2 White Cups and Saucers.
1 Bohemian Bud Vase. :
. 1 Chrysanthemum Oyster Bowl.
1 White Scalloped Bowl.
1 White Table Bowl. .
3 Table Tumblers.
2 Harvest Dessert Plates.
2 Table Goblets.
1 Fancy Fruit Plate.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
6 Fancy Bisque Hatching Eggs.
FREE <h| An
WITH C>l.— PURCHASE.
EACH 'J^.:.--. -.:-,
1 Fancy Engraved Vinegar Bottle.
1 Salad Bowl, Windflower.
1 Bisque Flower Holder.,
1 Meat Platter. Chrysanthemum.
1 Vegetable Dish, Windflower.
2 Cups and Saucers, Windfiower.
1 Rose Bowl, fancy.
1 Milk Pitcher, Windflower.
1 Coffee Cup and Saucer, fancy.
1 Muffin Pan, 12 ring.
3 Breakfast Plates, decorated.
3 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Syrup Pitcher, crystal.
1 Cup and Saucer, mustache.
1 Mush Set, Chrysanthemum.
1 Card Basket, Bohemian.
6 Table Tumblers, crystal.
1 Sugar and Cream Set, fancy.
1 Cake Stand, crystal.
3 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
4 Table Goblets, crystal.
FREE {h'-* KQ
WITH q>X«— PURCHASE
EACH
1 Jardiniere, fancy.
1 Berry Set, complete. - .:-
-6 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Claret Set, crystal glass.
1 Tea Pot, fancy. china.
6 Pudding Bowls, Chrysanth'm.
1 Bisque vase, fancy.
6 Dinner Plates. Windflower.
".. -•?. v Knives and Forks.
.1 Water Pitcher, Windflower.
. 1 Butter Dish, decorated.
.1 Tea Pot, Windflower.
6 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
1 Salad Bowl, Chrysanthemum. ■
1 Cuspidor, fancy china.
1 Table Set, crystal. ' , •
1 Orange Bowl, crystal.
Many Other Useful Articles.
1t AS 20, 25. " 30, 35, 40, '".''• .■■■•■'.-
-1 t/AC7' 20( 25, 30. 35, 40, 50, 60c a Ib.
COp E ES 15 f 20,25,30. 35, 40c a id.
oPICtS 10,15, 20, 25,30, 35, 40c a can
BEST QUALITY, /vu-NF.V
*
~ \ :...;. — OR—
LOWFST PRICES, RETURNED.
OPERATING 100 STORES
Enables Us Treat Our Customsrs
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importina Tea Ci
MONEY SAVING STORES: ;
•344 Market St. . 146 Ninth it., : .
ifio MlMlon rt. »i 8 Ihlrdst.
14. Sixth st. »«o8 more at.
6i 7 Kearny at. . ; 965 JVUrket st.
, 4 , 9 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth at.
cat Montgomery •▼«. 104 Second st.
•33 Hareaat. 3285 Mission at. .
: •. : ■•» 5a Market St. (Headquarter*), S. P.
*ofj Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. k •
OiSia Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oaklaai
1510 Seventh st., Oakland, -Center Station.
1355 Park St.. Alameda.V OSKt iV.vyTT MARCH 10, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Faldwik Theatkb —"Shore Acres."
California Theateb.— " Atricaine."
Coutmbia Theater -Ruy Bias" and "A Man
of the world '
Si0B0sco» Opkba-Hocsk— ' The Black Detec-
tive.' -
.■.ai-cazab.Thkatf.b.— "Jim, the Penman." .
Tiv.iii OrKBA House.— Pinafore."
Citi'iircrM.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Obkron. — Concert.
M-iiiii Baths— Bathing and rerformances.
ins Chutes and Skating Rink— Daily at
i: eight bluet, one block east, of the Part.
laklakd Back Track.— Races to-day.
AUCTION tALES.
P.Y J. O. Mvthkr— day, March 10, Furni-
ture, at 647 Fulton str et, at '2 o'clock.
■By S. P. UimtUBTOH & Co.— This day, March
10. tsaultariuin iiaihs, at cor. Powell and Bay sts.,
at 11 of oci.
By Bovkk, Toy & Sosstao. — This day,
March 10, Real Estate, at salesrooms, 30 Mont-
comer> street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
William Kelly was yesterday acquitted of
burglary.
" The estate of Eliza T. Grosch has been ap
praised at $201,592 70.
A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that John
M. Oakley died ot alcoholism.
■ John Sullivan, an ex-jockey, has been ar
rested for assaulting William Murphy.
'..Probably fair Wednesday, continued cool
Weather.— A. McAdie, Local forecast official.
The-annuai meeting of the stockholders of
the Native Sons' Hail Association was Held
last night.
; The Supreme Court made a decision yester
r.-.v whicl) upholds Judge Wallace in his de
cision against poolrooms.
\ The State Board of Traap met in annual ses-
A ..!!r yesterday, elected officers and directors
#s> 1 presented good reports.
An educational meeting in the Interest of
' -studying will he held at Native Sons'
Hall next Friday afternoon.
Pecksniff. Morana, Colonel Wheeler, Aqui
nas, Adam Andrew and Mainstay were the win
der's at Emeryville yesterday.
. Zt>nas T. Jameson, a bartender, was con
y c ed of vagrancy by Judge Campbell yester
any and wiil be sentenced to-day.
William Shay, said to be the leader of an or
ganized baud of thieves, was arrested last
evening on a charge of burglary.
The Board of Trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce held a meeting yesterday and con
fcUered subjects of commercial interest.
E. McAuliff and C. P. James were arrested
enrly yesterday morning for breaking into the
gunsipre of L. Moller, 703 California street.
A ladies' auxiliary in connection with the
National Convention of Letter-Carriers to be
held here in September was formed yesterday.
At a meeting of the directors of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children yes
terday Charles P. Welch was re-elected secre
tary. i
Mrs. Laura do Force Gordon, the attorney,
swore to a ■complaint yesterday for iLe arrest
of Morris Cohen for obtaining money by false
pretenses. „
F. M. Andrews, a cripple living at 425
Broadway, swore out a warrant yesterday fox
t.ie arrest of "John Doe" Quig* oil the charge
of embezzlement.
he new steamer Humboldt hod her engi
neer's trial trip on the bay yesterday. It
proved to be a genuine success and th* vessel
. fciuprised her builders.
Michael W. Kinney, forger, imitated the rig
nature of his de.id brother, drew $2200 from
the bank and absconded. Captain Lees Is
looking for the culprit.
Leoni Davolles, a girl 16 years cf Bge, who
roid her mother's furniture 10 get money for
liq'uorywas sent to the Macdalen Asylum yes
terday by Judge Campbell.
The San Francisco Yacht Club has with
drawn from the Pacific Inter-Club Yachting
Association because of dissatisiaction over the
regatta of September 9 last.
The habeas corpus proceedings in the Butler
CMC were continued before Ju<J.e Morrow in
5 ih? Circuit Court yesterday," uecision being
i iefe/red until this morning.
\ A college of commerce as a proper branch of I
; he University of California was suggested |
[yesterday by Regent Arthur Rogers at the 1
■neetias of the Board of Regents.
Developments yesterday in the case of the
nurder of Henry E. Sullivan by Policeman
George Dougherty show that the two men had
# trouble uver pools on coursing events.
John W. Denning, who was injured on the
tup, Governor Irw:n two years ago while in the !
discharge of his duties, was awarded $10,000
damages in Judge Bahrs* court yesterday.
The' executive board of the California
Women's Congress met Saturday at the Occi
dental Hotel and fixed the date for the com
ing Congress for the wee* beginning April 2tS
Albert Thompson has libeled the steam
wrecker Whitelaw for $40 claimed to be due
as a balance on waess earned as the mate of
■ ssel between January 19 and February 24 of
year.
There will be a suit at law over the position
ot secretary of the Board of Education. Mr.
Webster yesterday assumed the duties of Su
perintendent of Schools, with C. B. Stone as
his deputy.
The Lakeview and Inrleside Improvement
Cub has hopes that the Supervisors will
harked to the petition for electric lights on
tlie line of the main road fr«m San Jose avenue
to Ir.gleside.
"'. a private letter from Captain White of the
sealing schooner Epninger states that Autone
J. Anderson, one of the hunters, and two sail
ors ■■■. ere lost in the Santa Barbara Channel
te;i days ago.
Tbe first of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's fleet got away yesterday. The steamer
Dora went out in command of Cantain "Patsy"
Anderson, and will carry the Alaskan mails
daring the summer.
Applications for the dissolution of the Bodie
Consolidated Mining Company, the Mono
Mining Company and the Buiwer Consoli
dated Mining Company have been tiled in the
office of. the County Clerk.
Christian H. E. Sievers, grocer and saloon
keeper, has filed a petition in insolvency. His
riebts -amount to $793 10. He has a stock of
goods at the northeast corner of Harrison and
iUM'.e. streets in this City worth (220.
•Asa Flak's will has been filed. The children
of his first wife are bequeathed $5000 each.
The widow and two children by the second
marriage are named as residuary legatees.
Tha- estate is worth $500,000 and a contest Is
probable.
ilia -account of the dangerous sanitary con
d;l in of the Clement Grammar School, Presi
<!(f. Barrington of the Board of Education
eAiered the scnoolhouse closed yesterday
afternoon until the sewerage can be put in
proper condition. ■
Lev! Strauss yesterday gave the University of
California $3500 to endow a number of under
graduate scholarships and promised to give an
equal amount each year. The State has added
otner scholarships, making a total of over
sixty new ones for deserving students.
KZW TO-DAT.'
TacF
rimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
- oily, niothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticura Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
s-.veetost for toilet, bath, and nursery.
n^P^«a^ C ■ ... . . ;•".
\^^>ap it «old thronghout the world. Pottm OBUB
*1 'X Cn EM. <J'.i!i-..Hnlf Props., Bwton, U. 8. A.
■■ I iW"liow to I'reTent Face Humors," mailed ire*.
P'CPV UMMnD From Pimplei to BerofaU cared
CVCtll rhJlYlUrl by Craamu Reubdibi.
fiT Collins* Toltalc Electric Piaster!
. . ." ■ relievo -weak backs, painful kid- ■
AB|f*r* De >" s ' uterine pains, sore lungs,
Uli wSb muscular pains, and rheumatism.
-_'..„-.--- ■ ■ .-=-■- - ■ - ■ ■ '■."■;-'■, ■ \■'. -.
LOST A HUNTER
AND TWO SAILORS
The Sealing Schooner Ep
pinger Was the Un
fortunate.
Caught in a Fog in the Santa
Barbara Channel While
SealiEg.
Sailing of the Alaska Commercial
Company's Steamer Dora for
Alaska.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Dora sailed for Karluk yesterday.
She took awny quite a number of miners,
who are again going to try their lnck on
the i'ukon, and a host of their friends
were down to see them off. The United
States Inspectors of Huils aud Boilers
made a thorough investigation of the ves
sel and found everything in first-class con
dition.
Captain Caspar ("Patsy") Anderson,
who was for years in command of the
Bertha and later was on the run between
here and Panama as master of the ship
Progreso, took out the Dora. When
"Pat^y" gave up the Progreso he went
ranching at Ontario, Los Angeles County,
nnd made quite a name for himself as a
lemon-grower. Latterly he grew thin
from overwork and tinaily his friends per
suaded him that lie was pining for a
breath oi the sea. lie took their advice
and when Captain 2s iebaum offered him
the command of the Dora he at ones ac
cepted it. His hands show that he was no
idler while ranching and be vows by all
the saints in the calendar that he is not
tired of the job of raising lemons. When
the Alaskan excursion is over he will go
back to Ontario and expects to do better
than ever with hia ranch.
The new steamer Humboldt had an en
gineers' trial 011 the bay yesterday. She
made a splendid showing and her agents
expect her to btat all records en her trial
trip. She "was official measured last
Monday and her dimensions are as fol
lows: Length 213 feet, beam 36 feet, depth
of ho. a 15 ieei 7 inches, net tonnaee 688 138
tons and her signal letters are X M W P.
The coast ssamen will have their cele
bration next Saturday night, rain or
shine. Over 250 men will be in line ana
a splendid showing will be made. T. c
officers who will manage the parade and
the names of the speakers who will ad
dress the seamen afterward have already
been published in Ihe Call. The parade
will form on tl^e corner of Ea^t and Mis
sion stre.- is, and Grand Marshal Edward
Andersen will have the advance nuard in
line facing north. The line oi marcn will
then be along East street to Market, a:ong
Market to Montgomery, up Pine to j
K<?arny. thence to Market, alone Market j
' to Fifth, down Fifth to Howard, thence to i
I Steuart, and by that route to Foisorn
street wharf. Thirteen years a>:o, on a
lumber pile on the Folsom-street bulk
head, the Coast Seamen's Union was in- j
augurated, and there the men will rest \
and give three cheers for the historic spot. 1
The men will then march to the hall, |
where tne speeches will be made.
The American ship Santa Clara docked
at Harrison-street wharf yesterday, and
she will get quick dispatch. Tha Alaska
Packers' Association wants her 111 a hurry j
and the chances are that she will be on
her way to the canneries next week. Cap
tain Ander-on was the recipient of many
compliments on the condition of his vessel
yesterday. She is one of the cleanest and ]
best-appointeu vessels that have come into
port in months and looks more like a yacht
than a merchantman.
The hrst fatality from the sealing fleet
was recorded yesterday. Captain White
! of the Eppinger reports the loss of three
\ men in the Santa ßaibara Channel. Antone
J. Anderson was the hunter in charge of
the boHt, and after leaving the sebconer in
the morning he and his companions were
never heard from again.
The Eppinger loft here on November 30
for a cruise along the coast. She did very
welJ, and lust reports show that she had
nearly GOO skins aboard. On the Ist inst.
Anderson and two men went out hunting.
It was a beautiful morning, but in the
afternoon the log came up and the three
men were never seen again. Captain White
thinks they made an attemot to land on
the coast ai:d were dashed to pieces 011 the
r^cks.
Anderson was one ofjthe be t-known and
best-l.ked hun;ers on the coast. He wa.s
formerly master of the sealing schooners
Alton and Ap.nie Mathilda, and did fairly
well in both of them. He was a single
man, 26 years of ace and leaves a father,
I brother and sister in Benicia.
The Harbor Commissioners held a liveiy
session yesterday. Harold Wheeler, at
torney fur the estate of A. I'age Brown,
made a strong plea for a 3 per cent com
mission on ihe moneys expended on the
new ferry depot. President Colnon was
opposed to tne claim. He pointed out that
many mistakes had been found in the late
architect's plans, and how many more
wou.d come to light he dii 2 not knosr. He
strenuously opjo-ied the payment of any
money in the shape oF commissions until
the building is completed. Commisjfon
ers ChadOourne and Cole were of the same
opinion, so the matter was shelved and no
payments will be made at present.
The question of supplying iumberto the
board was discussed. The D. K. Me-
Mullin Company nude an offer of $6 90 a
thousand, but afterward withdrew it.
The S. E. Slade Lumber Company < ffared
to take a contract for a year at the lowest
bid put in. The Pacific Pine and Lumber
Company offered to supply the Commis
sion from month to month at $7 40 a
thousand, but us the Slade Company was
willing to take a year's contract at that
fipure its offer was accep-.ed.
Darby Leydon & Co. wera awarded the
contract for supplying piles for work on
the water front for the next twelve
months.
The Union Transportation Company
want the runners removed from tne Stock
ton sieamti*,. The agent told the Com
missioners yesterday that the runner from
his concern would be removed at once if
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company would remove its man.
The matter was referred to the chief
wharfinger with power to act
Collector George U. White and Collector
F. G. Beatty changed places yesterday.
They are both appointees ot I). T. Cole,
and he had triem confirmed for anothsr
four years. E. M. Buckley, the popular
I wharfinger at Folsom street, was also re-
I appointed for another four years.
State Mineralogist Cooper appeared be
fore the Commissioner and asked for
space on the mezzanine floor of the new
depot for the Mining Bureau. He pointed
out that the exhibit would be inspected
by all the visitors who came to Califor
nia, and would do the Stale jrreat good.
The Commissioners took the matter un
der advisement, but the sentiment seemed
to be that quarters should be established
for all the State institutions in the new
building.
"Uo«" Dougherty and Jerry Regan had
a difference of opinion as to the respective
abilities of Corbett and Fitzaimmons yes
terday. They fought It out on the corner
of East and Folsom streets, and while
Dougherty is much the heavier man
Kegan proved himself the better lighter
and laid hU man out before the police ap
peared on the scene.
The whaling steamer Norwhal and Bel
vedere sailed for the Arctic yesterday.
Both of them did fairly well last season,
and the crew is in hopes nf making a big
catch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
The Steamer Dora "With a Number of Miners Aboard Got Away for Alaska Yesterday. She
Is the First of the Alaska Commercial Company's Fleet to Get Away, and Will Carry
the Mail Between All Points in Alaska During the Summer Months.
BUTLER PETITIONS
FOR HIS LIBERTY
Evidence and Argument in
Habsas Corpus Pro
ceedings.
Judge Morrow Gives His Deci
sion in the Circuii Court
To- Day.
In the Event of This Being Adverse
Prisoner's Couas 1 Wi 1 at Once
Appeal.
Judee Morrow listened with exemplary
patience yesterday to evidence and argu
ment in the hearing of the petition for tlie
release of tbe prisoner_with innumerable
aliases, recently known as Ashe, or But
ler, but, according: to latest advice?, John
Newman. At the close of the argument
on both sides his Honor deferred his de
cision until this morning at 11 o'clocK.
No real doubt exists as to the nature of
that decision, but if adverse to the claim
of the petitioners it will be followed by an
appeal to the Supreme Court, and an
additional delay, which will last until
that tribunal has passed on the questions
raised by the petitioner's counsel and de
cided against the latter by Judge Morrow.
It will be remembered that a writ of
habeas corpus was granted to Newman's
attorneys last Friday, and tbat it was
made returnable on Monday morning.
The hearing was then adjourned until
yesterday, in order to allow the petition
er's counsel time to reply to Marshal
Baldwin's return, which declared that the
prisoner was being held under two com
mitments issued by United States Com-
I mi*sioner Heacock.
When the case was called in the Circuit
I Court yesterday Attorney Biack found
j both the Queen and the people of the
I United States arrayed against him and
his client in the persons of Attorney Den
nis Donohoe and the United States Attor
ney, Henry S. Foote.
Mr. Black's first duty was to rile what is
technically known as a traverse in reply
to the Marshal's return, this document
setting forth certain specific objections to
the Commissioner's jurisdiction and to
the facts recited in both commitment?. It
further affirmed that the prisoner was a
British subject found on British terrilory ;
that he was forcibly seized, albeit he was
not a fugitive from justice, and that his
person could not be legally taken posses
sion of by force. On these grounds the
petitioner prayed for bn immediate re
lease.
Most of the witnesses in the preliminary
hearing before Commissioner Heacock
were recalled to testify on the particular
issues raised. Sergeant Banner, Marshal
Baldwin, Captain Fraser of the Swan
hilda, Commissioner Heacock and the
British Consul-General, J. W. Warburton,
were all subjected to examination by Mr.
BlacK in -upport of his objections to the
Commissioner's jurisdiction and to prove
his contention that the prisoner had
made verbal statements and had acted in
a manner which proved conclusively that
he did not intend to remain in the United
States, bui was desirous of returning to
Great Britain direct.
The prisoner himself testified to his
forcible seizure on bjard the Swanhilda
and his unwilling detention at the City
Prison. He had shipped, he said, for
three years, and had not the slightest in
tention of stayin* in the United States.
To his knowledge the Swanhilda was the
only vessel bound for England in the port
of Newcastle when he signed articles.
In the course of cross-examination he ad
mitted the correctness of Captain Fraser's
evidence regarding the dialogues which
took place between the latter and himself
in the shipping office at Newcastle and on
board the Swanhilda.
But the prisoner's evidence was some
what discounted when Captain Fraser
again took the stand and stated that there
actually had been a vessel in the port
of Newcastle, loading coal for London
direct, when he (Newman) applied to
the witness for a ber;h on the Swanhilda.
Commissioner Heacock lucidly and for
cibly explained certain points having ref
erence to his decision.
Detective Mcliattie recited a conversa
tion with the prisoner soon after the ar
rest, in which, in reply to the witness'
question as to his motive for carrying so
much jewelry about with him, the pris
oner said that he was taking it home to
his sister in England.
Detective Egan and Constable Conway
completed the list of witnesses, and Mr.
Back then rose to deliver his argument.
He repeated in substance his former con
tention respecting the jurisdiction of the
court and the international recognition of
any ves.«el as constituting the actual ter
ritory whose flag she flies.
He laid stiess upon the distinction be
tween a fugitive from justice and a person
seeking an asylum, urging that while the
facts might be construed to sujgest that
the prisoner was the former there was not
a particle of evidence to prove that he wa?
the latter.
Mr. Donohoe cited authority for au
thority in reply and sarcastically pointed
out that if Mr. Black's reasoning were ad
mitted then any criminal might pose as a
tourist on p. pleasure trip and assure the
officers who wished to arrest him that he
merely contemplated a temporary sojourn
in the country whither be was fleeing.
The United States attorney followed
Mr. Donohoe, his two principal argu
ments being that the commissioner en
joyed complete authority to pass on both
law and fact, and that even if this were
not so the facts themselves proved con
clusively that the prisoner sought to
make this country a place of refuge and
that he came here incumbered by the
material evidences of the crimes with
which he was charged.
The court then adjourned until 11
o'clock this morning.
"THfi££ FAIRY GIFTS."
Little Ones to IMay for Charity at the
Tivoli Opera- liouse.
For the past five weeks the Tivoli Opera
house has been the scene of merry dances,
songs and revels, as one hundred little ones
have been rehearsing in a pretty little play
entitled "Tbe Three .fairy Gifts," which
they will produce on Sunday afternoon,
March 14, at the Tivoli. The proceeds of
the entertainment will be donated to the
Bush-street Free Sabbath-school, a most
deserving institution. For the past few
years the school has been unable to stand
the extra expenses that have presented
themselves, and the lit lie children con
ceived the idea of relieving their present
embarrassment.
Miss Hatue Nathan, the dramatic reader,
has been coaching the little ones and is
personally conducting the entire perform
ance. The Centennul Minstrels will give
a minstrel "first part," and as the young
men are ail well known their presence will
add greatly to Che performance.
Amone the otner feat arts will be spe
cialties by the little Schlessinger children,
Ro!>ie d' Knnery and a host of others. The
management has no expense to
make tne affair successful, and the tickets
can be reserved, without exir.i charge, on
tha day of the performance.
THE SCHOOL TANGLE.
There Will Be a Suit Over the
Secretaryship of the
School Board.
Reginald H W.bster YasterJay As
sumed tbe O.fice of Su
perintrnder.t
Reginald H. Webster yesterday took
foirnal possession of the office of Superin
tendent of Schools. Maaison Babcock
left th ■ office about 9 o'clock and Mr. Web
ster came in a little later, accompanied by
C. B. Stone, who was at once installed as
deputy superintendent, succeeding Miss
English. Mr. Webster tiled his bond and
oath of office last December after he had
received his certificate of election, conse
quently there was no formality yesterday.
Mr. Webster's advent caused a fluster
very naturally. He announced that, so
far as he was concerned, no move would
be made at the next meeting of the board,
which will be held to-night, toward effect
ing any change in the position of secre
tary. What would be done later he did
not care to predict, but said that his own
legal position had been uncertain and that
therefore he had not been able to bestow
his full attention upon other considera
tions. The present secretary, Charles W.
Welch, is reasonably sure to remain until
the end of this month at least.
Mr. Ueanston, the former secretary of
the board, who claims that he has been
entitled to the office ever since he was
dispossessed of it by force, said last nicht
that he uid not know what he would do.
His case was in the hands of his attorney.
He had always held, he said, that Air.
Babcock exceeded his legal power in ex
peiling vim, he being a statutory ollicer.
At the same time Mr. Beanston s-aia that
he was fully aware of the fact that Mr.
Babcock had been de facto Superintendent
and that this must be considered. The
question involved in the secretaryship
was different from that relating to the po
sition oi Superintendent.
While the defeat of vVebater in the
court, had it taken place, would have
meant Mr. Beanston's defeat, he said that
Wi-bster's success had left him a chnnce.
The matter would probably ba settled by
a suit in his case.
CHILD AND TEACHES
An Interesting Pr<- gramme to Be Pre
sented on Next Friday Afternoon.
On Friday afternoon, March 12, at 3
o'clock, an educational meeting will be
held at Native Sons' Hall. It will be in
the interest of "Child Study in the Home,"
for the purpose of establishing a closer
relationship between the work of the
home and the general educational move
ment. Following is the programme:
Report of the organization of the State Asso
ciation; "ChiUren's Ideals," Professor E.stclle
M. Dnrrah, Stanford University; address,
"Child Study," Dr. Thomas P. Bailey, State
University; "E lucational Value of Music,"
Mrs. A. J. Cruzan; "Value of Child Study to
the Nurse," Susan Howe, Cornell University:
"Some Results of Child .study," Proiessor
Elmer Brown, State University ; aidress, Mili
cent Shlnn, A.8. ; "Home and School," Madi
son Babcock; general discussion.
Following is the committee of arrange
ments: Mrs E. G. Greene (president),
Mrs. Hester A. Harland (secretary), Miss
Sarah D. Hamlin, Miss E. A. Cleveland,
Miss R. G. Campbell, Miss F. Banning,
Mr 3. M. L. O'Neal and Mrs. WilJiam
Clarke.
Charged With Burglary.
Henry Hillman, cook in J. W. Wilson's sailor
boarding-house, was arrested yesterday by
Policeman T. P. Ellis on a charge of burglary.
He is accused, along with Peter Wilson, a col
ored man, arrested Monday, with breaking
into the commission-house of Murray Bros.,
122 Washington street, at various times and
stealing cases of eggs and other articles. Wil
son's boarding-house adjoins the commissiou
houso.
Used a Pitchfork.
James McNulty was yesterday held by Judge
Campbell to answer before the Superior Court
in $1000 oonds on the charge of nssault with
a deadly weapon. On February 19 McNulty,
who had been discharged irom a tannery on
Bryant street, attacked Charles G. Bennett,
the manager, with a pitchioik and wounded
turn on the head.
LOOKING BACKWARD
INTO OTHER LIVES
Dharmapala, the Buddhist
Priest, Talks of Re
incarnations.
The Continuity of Life the Foun
dat.on of Buddhistic
Philosophy.
It Is Not Only Necessary to Have
Faith in Order to 8a
Saved.
Dharmapnla, the eloquent Buddhist
priest, lectured before the Golden Gate
branch of tha Theosopbical Society at
Native Sons' Hall last evening. A large
audience was present. His subject was
"The Continuity of Life."
He said that the continuity of life was
believed in 3000 years ago. At the time
Bmidha appeared skepticism was rife con
cerning the philosophy of the time in all
its variety, the question of how the "1" —
the individual— was to be perpetuated
through infinity.
Buddha stuJied the question for a
Ion;; time, and at lest declared that it
could not be. There is a consciousness
that lives forever, but it is subject to eter
nal and ■ onstant change. He denied the
dofjma of the time, that was universally
ace nted, that the soul came into exist
ence at a certain period of time and would
terminate at some other period.
It liad no stated beginning and would
continue forever throuch infinite changes.
It was a new philosophy. The ascetics
who gave their live 3to a concentration of
thought upon the future state were
equally in error with those who gave
themselves up to the acquirement of
wealth and power in this life. Both were
equally selfish. 'lolive a noble and pure
life, full of activity for good, was the better
wav, for it builded character.
To control one's thoughts, refusing to
admit evil, that brought bliss to the soul
here and now. No dogma is true, he said.
A religion that forces one to believe can
not be true. The true religion can have
no extremes.
He referred to the suicides that have
flecked the news of ihe day sjnee his re
cent arrival, the death of Oakley at the
Palace from debauchery ana champagne,
the turning on of the iras by an unhappy
wife the day before. The act of both was
the result of selfishness.
Selfishness meant suffering; love and
enlightenment and compassion was to ex
pand and livo and know bliss.
So it comes to this, he said, that con
sc ousnesi lives for ever and the man who
would progress toward higher planes must
not oniy desire and aspire, but he must
act; he must live an upright pare life and
strive lor better things. Th«» conscious
ness of Schopenhauer, of Washington.
What ha* become ot them? Where did
they go to?
"It was the message of Buddha to the
world and it is the message that I bring
to you, that eternal change is the order
and progress is the result of effort. There
is no death; it is merely change. Death,
so called, is the end of a generation of
thought. With the release ot conscious
ness in this life, it is born into an
other, and so on, and so on for
ever. Concentration of thought and
a pure life will enable you to look
backward from year to year to the earliest
year of your life, and beyond that to the
period 6f gestation in the womb, for we
hold that consciousness is even there, and
then beyond that into the preceding in
carnation—what thoughts controlled at
that time."
Dharraopala will lecture before the Starr
King Fraternity of the First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland, on Friday evening. His
subjret will be "The Religions of Asia."
Admission 25 cents.
Sunday morning he will occupy Dr.
Wendte's pulpit, Oakland, and will speak
on the "Reconciliation of Buddhism and
Christianity."
He will address the students of Stan
ford University in tne latter part of the
month. ____^______
Dr. Williams Appreciated.
The Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor of Plymouth Congregational Church
expresses in the following testimonial its ap
preciation of the faithful and emcient work of
its resigned pastor, the Rev. W.D. Williams,
D.D.: ■ ' ." ■
Whereas Our pastor. Rev. W. •D. Williams,
P. 1)., lias resigned and closed his labors with our
church: be it • ■'"." ' '"■■■'
1 Resolved, That we, the Y. P. S. C. E. of Sao
Francisco, Cat. . desire 10 b<ar testimony to his
ever-willing ami untiring co-op»raUon In all that
concerned the progress and prosperity of our so
rle:y, and. in anticipation, we assure the younu
people in his new Held or labor that they will find
in him a friend and pastor sympathetic with all
heir best Interests. .... •' .;
♦ — » — ■•
Vanderslice Incorporated.
The W. K. Vanderslice Company has been
incorporated for the purpose of dealing in
jewelry, with a capital of $200,000. The
directors of the company are W. K. Vander
slice, K. Melrose, G. Marcus, M. P. Kellogg and
Joseph C. Piiscoe.
•— ♦ — •
C 1-. Dam Surd on a Note.
Jake Rauor has sued C. L. Dam on an as
signed claim in the Justice's court for $250,
thb face of a promissory note given by Dam to
W. W. Foote.
/ The Rosy Freshness
/And a velvety softness of the skin is invm-
obtained by those who use Pozzoni'b
Complexion Powder.
GOOD WORK FOR
CALIFORNIA
Annual Meeting of Members
of the State Board
of Trade.
Interesting Reports Made by
General Chipman and J.
A. Filcher.
Officers Elected for the Ensuing Term
Some Suggestions for Fu
ture Work
i
At the annual meeting of the State
Board of Trade held yesterday a eood deal
of time was expended in the discussion of
the reports handed in by President N. P.
Cnipman and Secretary J. A. Filcher.
That of the president was read first.
The report showed that, despite the gen
eral impression that the first crop all over
the State was badly hurt by the frost of
1896, "the actual falling off of deciduous
fruits attributable to frost was less than
12 per cent." The important features of
the document were sMnimed up in the fol
lowing excerpt:
Another noticeable feature worthy of atten
tion is that we exported or sent out of the
State in 1893 nearly 7000 carloads of vege
tables, while in 189t> the exports had fallen to
1617 carloads.
The shipments have fallen off rtipidiy since
1893. lam unable to account for this decline
in an indu-iry that gave such promise of bene
fit to the Statcl unless it Be in part that our
products are now driven out of consumption
by increased Importation, the result of iuade
quate protection and in part from a general
lalling off in consumption in the line of econ
omy ofliving.
1 commend the subject to the board as
worthy of investigation in order to discover
the cause and find the remedy.
The wine and brandy industry holds its
place in importance witn great tenacity, and
it is believed is improving irom year to year.
I find no serious cause for discouragement
in the fruit industry, but muc i to encourage.
It has suffered in common with all othi.-r oc
cupations s-i;ice the hard times fell upon our
country, but with a revival of trade and busi
ness no industry will fe^l the impulse ot the
improvement mort quickly or more certainly
thht this.
We have boxed the compass ot all difficulties
as to the art of planting trees and growing
fruit. There are very few if any piifalls lor
the inteliifient orchardist in that direction.
The question of possibility of overproduction
continues to halt timid mind', and there is
much perplexity as to tho best method to
market our fruit.
Though it was admitted that some of
the fruits had necessarily suffered a little
through transportation from this City to
the Atlanta Exposition and back, Secre
tary Filcher maintained that the exhibit
at the Post-street rooms is quite up to the
standard. Some trouble, he stated, had
been found with peaches, which were
cracked in most cases so as to admit the
embalming fluid amd cause fermentation.
He emphasized earnestly the attention
the State should give the Guatemala and
Hamburg expositions and said several
tons of exhibits had already been placed
in the hands of the beard for transporta
tion to Hamburg.
The financial report shows that on
February 9 the balance on hand amounted
to $2030 75, and the receipts for that
month of f7IS 50 made the total on March
9 foot up the sum of $2749 '25. The dis
bursements left on deposit $191168.
For the ensuing ierm tne directors of the
State Board of Trade will be General N. P.
Chipman, W. H. Mills. B. N. Rowley, C.
F. ilontg mery, E. W. Maslin, j. S.
Emery, Senator Geor-re C. Perkin?, P. A.
Buell, Colonel John P. Irish, C. M. Woo«
--ttir and Mark L. McDonald.
General Chipman was re-elected presi
dent and J. A. Fisher secretary and gen
eral manager. J. S. Emery was elected
first vice-president and C. P. Montgomery
second vice-president. The Crocker-
Woolworth National .bank remains the
treasurer.
UNA'S TROUBLES OVER.
The Treasury Department Orders the
Final Keloane of the Fugitive
Schooner.
Collector Wise has received orders from
the Treasury Department at Washington
to release tne schooner Una from the pre
dicament she has been in for several
weeks past, on the payment of a Una of
$10.
The Una was about to be tied up at Pan
ama by the Government of Colombia on
trumped up charges preierred by the
owners of the cargo, when Captain Har
kins, believing that he was getting inio a
bad position, suddenly noisted his sails
and ran out of the harbor with a gunboat
in chase. He siiled witnout his clearance
papers or bill of health, and on his arrival
here was at first reiused entrance at the
Custom-house.
A telegraphic correspondence with the
Trea-ury Department settled up the mat
ter of the clearance papsrs, but the ab
sence of a clear bill of heaitti was not so
satisfactory and further communications
were necessary. The fine for sailing with
out a clean bill is $5000, but the depart
ment, apparently satisfied that Captain
Harkins was not altogether to blame for
it, imposed the nominal fine of $10.
WANTED FOR FRAUD.
Bin. I. aura de Force Gordon Accuses
Morris Cohen.
Mrs. Laura de Force Gordon, the attor
ney, swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday cbareing Morris Cohen
with obtaining money by false pretenses.
She told Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Gleason that Cohen called nt her office a
few days ago representing that he was a
poor man with a large family and he
wanted to bell some property at auction.
He showed her what purported to be an
order of sale. On these representations he
got $S from her.
Mrs. Gordon said she found that Cohen
had no o;der of sole, he had no family
and did not live at the address he gave
her.
ICEW TO-DAT.
; If you like the Japan tea
taste, buy Schilling Best
japan; it i? as fine as the
dollar Japan of the mai|ket,
and honest — not colored.
Fresh-roasted — not stale.
If you don't like it, your
grocer pays you back your
50 cents. • ■■..;,".
A Schilling & Compaq
•;■ ' ~>an Francisco > : ' *&?- : i:i''ziV}&S.
NEW TO-DA.Tr-ABrcrsEaii:irr3."
SUTRO BATHS.
s JTINE V FKOGRAMMIS..
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
i General Admlaslou, 10c; Children. 60
KEW TO-DAY.
RHEUMATISM,
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to cure acute or muscular rueuma*
tism in irom one to five days. Sharp,
shooting pains in any part or the body
stopped by a few doses. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff bacK ana all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the Dack are speedily
cured. It seldom fai s to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
rures before one bottle has been used.
Price, 25c.
Improved Homceorathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 ceuts.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa,, answered
with free medical advice for any disease
NEW 10-DAT-AlirsEME-VTI
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Alßaymas* Co. (Incorporated)........ Lessees
• —TO-NIGHT!
Opening of the Grand Opera Scison.
THE FAMOUS
FRENCH — OPERATIC - ORGANIZATION I
(140 People), Direct from Europe, via
New Orleans,
TO-NIGHT (WEDNESDAY)
Complete Presentation of Meyerbeer's
"L'AFRICAINE!"
Note.— lt has been deemed advisable by the
management to transpose the first two opems.
opening in '-L'Africaine" instead of "Trova:ore."
Friday Night TKOVATORK
!-a:urla-- .Matinee ..: FAUST
Saturday Evening.... MISS HKLYKTT
Tuesday, March 16 SIGUUD
Thursday. March 18— Double Bill-NOCcS I>rJ
VNETTISand CAVALLKKIA RUS-
TIC AN A.
Saturday Matinee, March 20... LA .TUIVK
Saturday Evening. . .VOYAOE OF SUZBTTK
To be followed by "DKAGOSS I)K VILLAKS."
'•LA SAVARi.AISE," etc.
Scats Sow Selling for First Ten Operas.
BALDWIN THEATER.
£. J-i a VMA.N A Co. (Incorpora:eJ).....i > rot)r:i.j.-i
LAST WEKK ! LAST 5 NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
STILL ADMIRED BY LAItUK AUDIENCEa
JAMES A. KERNE
In His Own Beautiful Play,
SHORE ACRES
COMMENCING 31 DAY. MARCH 15.
FANNY
DAVENPORT
Supported by MELBOUKNE. MACDOWELL.
First Time Here— Sardou's
Gr I SMOISTDA.
Saturday Alga:, March 20— FEDORA.
jJST Davenport-Sardou Silver Souvenirs Satur-
day night to ladies on lower floor. ■ * .
Boxes and seats ready To-morrow (Thursday).
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
l»ns.JißMu«iiiic Kbit.ixi. Proprietor & Manasoe
THE GILBERT AND SULLIVAN" SEASON I
TO -NIGHT!
"Yachtsmen's Nigtit"
Under Auspices of San Ir.mcljco Yacht Club.
GRAND SCENIC REVIVAL
Of the Celebrated Nautical Satire,
XX. lira:, fS. *■/■•''.
PIITAFORE
.;V-— — EXCKLLKNTLY CAST
CAREFULLY STAGED — :
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED
Popular Prices — -25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTEK MOROCCO. ..sola Lessee and Mauj;.:
Initial Production in San Francisco of
the Sensational Comedy Drama, : ' >
"THE BLACK DETECTIVE!"
A Thrilling Play with Wonderful Mechanical
Effects.
BEAUTIFUL SCENEKY!— A STRONG CAST!
Songs Specialties — -Dances !
Evening Prices— lOo, 25c and sOc.
Slatinees Sat Urdu v and miiuLu.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). .
' Parquet, any seat, "Jsc; Balcony, any sea:, Hi,
r-i.-r'-"; ; Children, 10?, any par:. :■•<,';;
— — —
A Brand Bill Devoid Compare !
The Flyln? Jorda i -Family, 5 in number; Vir-
ginia Aragon. queen of the silver wire; Murlo
and Mario, horizontal bar performance; The
Olifnns. Ihree-headed nondescript; John Burin
and Grace Forest, comedy artists: last wee!; of
the Finnevs. Great Lyric Stars, ouillk, Abeaic-
off and Miss Cottk, etc. .
TRItOLAftOtiLOOTTLOO t €?• u»t3*nßriAttf4«i—
— A TREAT INDEED —
JOSEPH HA WORTH, supported by MAR-
GARET CRAVE >. ami a Powerful Company, in
••RUY BLAS," preceded by Tuuma3' JSeautiful
Dramatic sketch, "A Man of the World." Mas-
oiflcent New Costumes and Singe fleets. Next
Monday — Ktizs?cra'.d la»Th* Founllins.*'
ALCA7AR I EVERY SEAT SOLD
Jni Esa wnCaHll I LAST NIGHT!
BelHscoALaKttUU-.Mfs. | LAM fNIUn I I •
The Event of the Week and Season
Triumphant cuccpsi of the «.rfatest Play of the
Century, "JIM THE PENMAN."
Calls and Recalls (or the Entire Company.
TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT.
GFOKOE BOURNE asßarO'i Hartfleld.
HUGO TO I AND as Jim the Penman.
■ And the Superb Alcazar '• Company.
Our Regular Prices. Seat* b.- Telephone Black 991
-O'F.irreil street, near biockiou.
San Francisco' Family Concert Hall.
Week ofSlonclav. March 8.
3— Magnificent New Programmes 3
— l, u mi n o i s MUSICAL GEMS
From the mo<t treasured works of the Great :
Masters, admirably pres-nted by.HEHK FERDI-
NAND STARK, oirauss' grta:est living inter-
preter, and . ..• •
THE VIENNA OKCHESTKA..
i jjrg-Grand Concer;-Kvery Evening at 8 o'clock.
DACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
x WINTER MEETING. 1596-97,
Beginning Monday, 8, to March SO.luclaslTa
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing Monday,' Tuesday. -Wednesday,
Xhursday, Friday ana Saturday.
■. ■ Htm or Shine. • -'
FIVE OP. MORE RACES EACH DAY.
—Races Start at a: 15 P. SI. Sharp — ■
Ferry Boats leave :-au Francisco at 1- m. anl
12 :80, 1 .00, 1 :30, 12 :KO, 2 :30 and 3 p. | M.. connect-
Ing w'itu iruins stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferr/ tickets to Miell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15 aai
4:45 i. m. and immediately after the last race.
, r THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR, Preildent.
R. B. MJLROY, secretary.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
• Great Open-Air Performance,
SPECIAL— Free Pocket Klnetoscopes to ChU»
dren next Saturday and Sunlay.
AI>MIbSJLO>. 10c. IIIILDKt.N, 00.
78
STUART
BLUFFED
BY JONES
The Government Attorney
Threatened to Prevent
the Fight.
DEMANDED PAY FOR HIS
SERVICES.
Had Acted as the Promoter's
Counsel and Asked for a
Big Fee.
BROUGHT THE MANAGEMENT
TO HIS TERMS.
Tte United States Official Has Re
ceived His M:ney a;d Carson
Breathes Freely.
CARSON, >'cv., March 9.— The mystery
Burrounding those secret interviews which
took place yes erday at the Arlington Ho
tel between representatives of tbo glove
contest management and some of the
United States otlicials located here was
cleared away to-day, and it appears that
the promoters bad a narrow escape from
getting some trouble on their hands that
mignt have prevented the holding of the
great battle on St. Patrick's day. But as
matters have been adjusted there will be
no danger now of any interference, so
those who have been contemplating the
journey to Carson may resume the pack-
Ing of their grips and come on with the
lull assurance that they will see the tight —
the tight of the century.
The threatened trouble was all due to a
misunderstanding between United States
Attorney Jones and those who are assist
ing Dan Stuart in handling the big pro
ject. There are two sides to the story, of
course. Mr. Jones' version is pirticularly
interesting. During a conversation I had
with him to-day he spoke very frankly and
related his grievance without apparent en
deavor to nide anything.
It appears that when Dan Stuart first
visited Carson last year end was given
cau3e to hope that a bill legalizing glove
contests could b.e passed through the Ne
vada Legislature he looked about him :or
a responsible and influential attorney
to look out for the lesal phases of tb«
venture. Now, whiie Mr. Jones occupies
the cilice of United States Attorney for
Nevada, be also has the privilege under
the law to act as private counsel for per
sons or corporations in all courts other
than the Federal tribunals. In the latter
he mu>t serve Uncle Sam only. Some
body suggested to Stur.rt that Mr. Jones
would be a good man to retain, for vari
ous reasons.
Attorney Jones is now authority for the
•tatement that he was retained by the
genia) Texan and paid the usual advance
fee. Stuart then left the State, but some
time later W. K. Wbeelock, his trusted
lieutenant, arr.ved in Carson and had
with him a letter from Stuart directing
Mr. Jones to continue to act under Whee
l.ock's instructions. The United States
Attorney says that his Brat task as Stu
art's private counsel was to draw up the
bill which subsequently becarr.e the now
famous glove-coiuejt law of Nevada.
Ths bill, as will be remembered, wa3 in
troduced by Assemblyman Gnrrard, was
passed by both houses and was signed
by Governor Sadler. From that on
everything appeared to be smooth sailing.
Preparations were begun for holding the
contest, Wheelock came to Carson and
opened headquarters, the mammoth arena
was got under way and newspaper corre
spondents be, r an to Hock into Carson
from all parts of the continent to keep
vig;! over the training of the two famous
boxers who are to battle for the world's
championship.
Attorney Jones says that at about this
lime he came to the conclusion thai ha
could not be of much further service to
the promoters, as everything seemed to
be running smoothly, so he sent in his
final account, with a written request for a
settlement, in full for h:s services.
And rk'ht here is wheie the trouble be
gan. Althoush the exact amount of Mr.
Jones' bill is not known it is said that it
was nothing small. This should not
have caused so much surprise, though,
for Mr. Jones has always had the reputa
tion of being a high-priced lawyer.
A day or two after presenting his bill,
he says, he called for his check, but to his
astonishment was informed that he had
long sine* been paid for his services and
that there was nothing more coming to
him. According to Jones' version, he
thought he d. seemed on attempt to give
him what is known in sporting parlance
as the ''double cross." Somebody had been
figuring, lie thought, that he had com
promised himself by acting as counsel and
lobbvi t for Stuart while holding the officn
of United States Attorney, and would
hesitate before making aa effort — sncti a
one, at least, as would reach the public
ear — to co.lect his bill or make trouble for
tne management.
But if such an argument governed the
ncting of the promoters they were mis
taken in their man. Jones admits that he
n-verdid relish being worsted in any sort
of a transaction, and says frankly that in
this case he set about immediately to find
some way to obtain revenge. The ani
mated conferences of yesterday were proof
enough for those who wern familiar with
the trouble that something unusual was
brewing.
Al Livingston, who represents Stuart in
most of bis confidential affairs here, was
closeted \v:th United States Attorney
Jones for an hour or more at the Arling
ton, and also hart a long talk with United
States Marshal Humphreys. None of
these persons would divulge anything re
(.ardmc ihe nature of their conferences
last night, but to-day it leaked out tnai
Livingston had been delegated to effect a
compromise with Jones, it possible. I un
derstand that he was offered the full
amount of his Ull, but Jones seemed
rather inclined to have his revenge in
preference to the money. After a deal of
persuasion, accompanied by explanations
and aujlogies, he finally accepted, it is
said, and now all is plain sailing again for
the fight.
Just what method the United States At
torney in tended to adopt in order to make
trouble for the management has not been
definitely given out, but I have it on the
best authority that an information was to
issue to the fffect that a conspiracy was
On foot to commit an overt act against <he
peace and dignity of the United Stales,
and that by virtue of the information
warrants would be placed in the hands
uf the United (States Marshal for th* ar
rest of the persons supposed to be impli
cated in the alleged conspiracy. The most
important individuals so named would,
quite naturally, bo Corbett, Fitzdmmons
arid Dan Stuart. If these warrants were
not served until a day or two b?fore the
fight the result is quite obvious. Whether
the charges com I be proved or not would
make no difference. The cases would have
have to go through the usual dilatory
process of reaching a hearing in court,
and Dy that time the 17th of March would
have long since passed, with no fipht.
Tne managers of the big project are
not saying a great deal about this affair,
but they are doing some "tali thinking."
Hints about "leg pulling" have been
quietly dropped, but there is an evident
desire to be cautious, and not get Jones
on the warpath again. He is uouotless
looked upon as a bad man to fool with — a
Veritable buzz-saw.
But the dancer is all over and exclu
sively fight talk will be resumed in the
dining rooms, the saloons and on the
streets, as has been the case prior to this
recent interruption.
Mrs. Bob Fitzsimmons says sh<» is
going to attend the big contest. You
know Fitzsimmons, ia his recent dream
about the battle, saw his wife in one of
the front seats and clearly heard her
words of encouragement while he was
battering th- Cah ornian. Bub has great
faith in his dreams, for, he says, Ihey
always come true; *o, in order to make
this last one complete, Mrs. Bob should
have a seat in the arena.
The Cornishman's work to-day was, ac
cording to his new programme, lighter
than usual, so far as indoor exercise
entered into it, but he evened this off by
taking a loneer road tramp than usual
and indulging in more sprinting. The
entire forenoon was consumed Dy the
latter class of work.
After luncheon Bob put in over a half
hour thumping th- bag and then did some
light sparring with Hickey and fcjtelzner.
All of his indoor work is to be light from
now on, in order that he gain in elasticity
und agility rather than additional brute
strength.
Corbett was also easy in his work|to-day,
with the exception of his afternoon
sparring, wtiich was in spots fast and
furious and decidedly uncomfortable for
his boxing partners. During these bouts
he knocked Billy Woods down twice de
spite the protection afforded by Billy's
pneumatic mask and breastworks, and
one of these blows put Woods to sleep for
a few seconds, it was another ol those
vicious left-hand hooks that Corbett uses
nowadays with so much precision and
effect
Then, during his bout with Jeffries
Jim sent in a right-hand heart blow that
staggered the clever Los Angeles giant
and caused him to hold up his hands for a
cessation of hostilities, as he was in pain.
Jim said be did not mean to be so rough
and then called for another partner.
Trainer Chat ley While explained to me
while we were watching Corbett's bout
with Jeffries that both he and Billy De
laney had warned the big fellow not to
hit his hardest while sparring with his
men. Corbelt tried hard to remember
this, but now and then iorgot himself and
let fly a blow that causei hid partner to
see stars.
"Our object in holding him down in this
regard is to obviate the danger of his
hands bern" injured," said the genial
Charley. "You see the right is so near at
hand that an injury now would be next to
suicidal. Jim's lists are as hard as iron,
and I have not the ieast fear in the world
about their holding out through the con
tes\ but our argument is that if his hands
are going to break at all, let them be
broken in the ring and on J-Itz-immons
ratuer than on his trainers. It is the
most discouraging thing in the world for
a man to go into battle with a bad fist.
We caution him repeatedly to spar
lightly, and he tries to do it. The trouble
i* lie does not know how hard he hits.
Whenever he forgets himself and sends
oni a good blow, the man hejs sparring
with invariably drops, just as .billy Woods
did a moment ago."
An amusing little incident occurred
whiie the champion was at bis bag prac
tice. T;.ere was something the matter
with the pneumatic ball, ant the big fel
low could not make it rnitle against the
ceiling the way he usually does. It had
not been properly inflated and seemed
■'dead." Jim thumped away a: it for live
or six minutes and then got mad.
"Hang the thing!" he exclaimed, end
he accompanied the words with a terrible
swine at the offending ball.
There was a snap and a bang, and the
sphere, which had been torn completely
out of its fastenings by the blow, went
bounding over tho heads of the crowd
which hai been gaping at the big boxer at
his work.
"That's only one of Fitzsimmons 1
tricks," said Curbett, when he heard the
subiiuei expressions of wonder and admi
ration of his prowess. "He does that
every day for the benefit of his visitor;,"
chuckled the champion, "and makes them
think that he is ihe greatest hitter that
over lived. But a schoolboy can do it.
All that you have to do is to give the ball
a good downward punch and it's dead
sure to break the fastenings."
The weather in Carson is still unsettled,
although the sun :4ione brightly and
warmiy all day. A heavy wind set in to
night, and the signal service man pre
dicts another snowfall for to-morrow. As
far as he can look inio the future he can
not see a very heavy storm. It will proba
bly be one of only a few hours and li?ht
:it that, according to his calculations.
Beyond this storm he thinks he sees good
wea'her. and that augurs well for the 17th
of March.
The sale of seats for the aDproachin?
fight is entirely satisfactory to the man
agement according to a statement made
to me to-night by Secretary Wheeloclc.
He said that over 5000 of the best loca
tions had already been bo'.ight and paid
for, and with eich succeeding mail came
larger stack? of letters containing checKs
and greenbacks along with reqnpst* for
the be^t seato left. J. G. Maxsfikld.
JtULES TOR TUB FJGUTEUS.
liefert* Slier Will ln~l)aii Announce
Th'ir J'r»,iiiont.
CARSON, Nev., March 9.— The snow
melted under the hot sun to-day as
swiftly as does a roll of bank notes before
a Carson, faro-dealer, and the roads are
once more dryin in patches.
Corbett and Fitzsimmons put in three
hours at hill-climbing this morning, pre
paratory to 'their regular training.
Neither of the heavy-weights shows any
disposition to let up in his work befort>
the end of the week, despite the warning
of the trainers.
The impression seems to obtain that the
battle will hi a long one, and the princi
pals are determined to fit themselves for
the full route.
Referee George Siler has been compar
ing notes for several days with Fitzsim
mons and Corbett with regard to the
QueensLury rules, and to-morrow he will
prepare a resume of his conclusions, for
publication.* In this digest the rules will
be taken up seriatim and explained clear
ly for the information of the public.
"I know that I am liable to criticism
(or doing this now," explained Mr. Siler
this evening, "and I wish to make my
position as clear as possible before the day
of the fizht.
"The referee's decision in this contest
will divert many hundreds of thousands
of dollars, and I feel that I cannot be too
careful I may say now that there
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
will be no bickering about the rules.
The men have agreed to leavo all
to me, and in order that everybody
may understand how the battle is to be
fouaht, I propose to make my instructions
to the fighters public to-morrow through
the press, instead of issuing them orally at
the ring. Half of the spectators would not
hear my voice from the ringside, and they
would not understand what constituted a
fair break-away or a foul blow.
"In tne fitst clinch some one would
shout 'foul.' and up would go a roar from
the partisans of the man supposed to have
been fouled. If the rules of the contest
are clearly explained beforehand the spec
tators will know what latitude the fighters
are allowed, and my rulings will not be so
liable to question.
"It is an easy matter to confuse the old
Queensbury rules, famous and popular as
tiiey are. Take, for instance, the clause
providing that a man shall retire to his
co r ner when his opponent is down. Sup
posing that Corbett should be floored in
Fitzsimmons' corner.
"Fitzsimmons would be obliged to stand
over him in violation of the rule. Again,
a man might squat on his feet with one
hand on the lioor and be considered as
down. If it is decided that he is down
while in this position he may ba counted
out.
"If he is not down his opponent is at
liberty to hit him and he cannot be
counted out. Rule 12, which touches
upon the London prize-ring regulations,
is also open to misconstruction, and will
be treated at length in my communication
to-n-orrow.
"After rending this letter the betting
public will know to a dot what to expect,
ana if sportsmen consider that either man
has an advantage under my directions
they may bet accord.
The town is filling with street fakers
and beggars. Marshal Kinney has rounded
up two bunches of hobos within the
week and shipped them out of tie State.
He is spotting a fresh lot to-night and
will give them passports to-morrow morn
in* ' I
OSCtS MOlih. "OX TELTET."
"Old Bill" l)tiri» Rexrued from Pauper
dotn by Stuart's Frnj'ct.
"Old Biil" Davis is probably the oldest
professional pugilist who will witness the
prize-fight between Corbett and Fitz-im
mons at Carson. Some of the newspaper
correspondents have been interviewing
Bill, who, in the knowledge of present
residents of San Francisco, was |fighting
in the prize-ring in Nevada in ISH2 or
1563. But he fell into hard days. He is
now over 60 years of age. riis days of
fighting are over. Six months ago, or
about that lime, be was so reduced in
circumstances that he sought shelter in
the Almsbouseof ths City and County of
San Francisco, with the prospect of pass
inc many day-> ther*.
When the Corbett-Fitzsimmons mill
gave rise to the construction of the big
amphitheater at Carson good fortune
coyly peeped once more at "Old Bill" and
irave him a friendly deti.
A friend at Carson, who had known
Bill well in old times, interested himself
in the old pugilist and sent for him to
come to Carson to act permanently as a
watchman of the new coliseum. Bill did
not wait, but started as soon as he could
get the money to go. Among those con
cerned in the fight at Carson, indirectly,
is one who wi.i benefit materially, and
that is "Old Bill" Davis.
BILLY I'LIMMEIt DEFEATED.
Bad r.rrrv'hin i Hit Own Way Cntil
the ilonim Round.
BIRMINGHAM, Em, March 9.— The
fight between Billy Plimraer of England
and Sammy Kelly of .New York for £200
a side and a purse of £400 took place to
night before the Olympic Sporting Club of
this city, and was won by Kelly in twenty
rounds.
There was a large number of spectators
present to see the right, the hall being
crowded to its tullesi capacity. Both men
entered the ring weighing 114 J-^ pounds.
The betting at the start was in f.ivorof the
Englishman, the odds on him being 5 to 4.
In l c first three rounds Plimmer took
a strong lead, to the great satisfaction of
his supporters. Kelly appeared to be
quite slow and he was a target lor Piim
mer's lelt.
In the fourth round Plimmer punished
Kelly fearsuily, but the latter frequently
missed his rignthnnd swings.
At ihe end of the tenth round Plimmer
had become a strong favorite, and he was
backed at 3 to 1 to win.
To the end of the sixteenth round the
Englishman had the best of a pretty but
exceptionally hard encounter. Kelly
then fought with greater determination
and P.immer, in the eighteenth round,
showed that his previous exertions bad
tir^-d him.
Kelly had the best of this round, but
notwithstanding thi« Plinimer was a
strong favorite in the nineteenth round.
Kelly now redoubled his efforts, realizing
that nothing but a knockout blow would
win the tight for him. Amid tremendous
excitement lie hustled the Englishman
around the ring, gaining the upper hand.
When the twentieth and last round was
half finished Kelly landed a crushing blow
on his opponent's jaw. Plimmer stas-
K»red. and Kelly following up his advan
tage landed another sniasheron his throat,
knocking him down. The Englishman
ro-e after nine t>econds. Keily again
smashed him, knocking him out, ten ec
ends before the time of the fight would
have been up.
The victory of toe American was a sen
sational one.
' hirtffo'H Annual Rench Show Open*.
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.—^be annual
bench show of the Mascoutsch Kennel
Club opened here to-day. There is a par
ticularly fine exhibit of the larger canine
aperies. The George Gould and J. Pier
ront Morgan kennels are well represented.
There is a large collection of local dogs
not owned by breeders. Dr. ft A. Louge-t
of Boston entered his mastiff bitch. Miss
Constable, in the open class and won first
prize with her. His prize-winning Lady
Dana also carried off first honors in the
challenge class.
"Th* *Irnnol?r'<" If r*ntllna Challenge.
CHICAGO. 111., March 9.— Evan Lewig,
"The S;rangler," posted a forfeit of $250
tn-Jay with the Times-Herald in support
of a challenge to "Farmer" Barns. Lewis
offers to wrestle Burns for $50) or $1000 a
«ide, catch-as-catch-can style, iwo in three
or three in live fulls, the latter preferred.
Lewis is going to England early in May
end wants to regain his old title of cham
pion of America before leaving.
T*tinn-T>l*tanee ' yr.lixt Collapse*.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, March 9.-Franfc
Waler ot New York, the long-di9tanco
bicycle rider, will not finish thesis days'
race h»re. as he is not in good condition.
The riding Monday night knocked him
out and to-day he was compelled to take
to his bed. A doctor was summoned, wno
pronounced his case dangerous. It is ex
pected that he will ultimately be able to
resume his ridinz.
flaring at Xew Orleans.
; NEW ORLEANS.La., March Seven-eighths
of a mile, Styx won, Annie Teuton second,
Baali?ad third. Time. 1:33&". . , .:'.-- :
'. One and a sixteenth miles, Elkln won, Seel
bar-h second, Senator Penrose third. Time,
I M A- h
s Seven-eighths of a mile, Little Billy won,
R. Q. Ban second, Skyblue third. Time, 1 :42?£.
1 One mile,* Martin won, St«nza~ second, Peie
Krchener third. Time, 1:46%.
Three-quarters of a mi'e. Tommy Rutter
won. Roslyn second, Miss sturgis third. Time
1:19^.'. .-:'\ ■■'-.-.■;■■:■','■■:■■■■;;•, ■;- - '■;
'Ihrt-e-quarters of a mile, The Sculptor won,:
Jake Z mmerman second, Miss Row ell third.'
Time, 1:18. -
BubxetTs Cora Cure. 327 Montgomery at .25c
MERRY ANGELENOS
VISIT SAN PEDRO
Deep Harbor Site Invaded
by Several Hundred
Excursionists.
Business Men Go as Guests o?
the Terminal Railway
Company.
On the Shores of the Favored Inlet
the People's Victory Is
Ratified.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 9.— The
second ratification of the late action of
the Board of Harbor Commissioners in
selecting San Pidro as the site foi the
deer-water harbor took the form of an ex
cursion over the Terminal Railway to that
port to-day. It was got up by t,e offi
cials of the road, and the three commer
cial bodies of this city were their guests
There were fourteen cars loaded to the
platforms. Everybody who went wore
Terminal and Chamber of Commerce
badges. The former decoration was a red
ribbon, on which was printed in gold:
"Terminal Railway excursion to Los An
geleB 1 deep-water harbor, March 9, 1897."
The Chamber of Commerce badge simply
announced "San Pedro day," giving the
date.
The commercial bodies of the city were
well represented. The Chamber of Com
merce sent many of its members; the
Board of Trade had a liberal delegation,
and the Me r chants' and Manufacturers'
Association was conspicuous at all stages
of the proceedings.
It was a great day for San Pedro and
those who had taken an active part in
promoting the deep-water harbor enter
prise. Refreshments were served at the
pavilion on Terminal Island, after which
the party bn>l; ■ up and strolled along the
beach. Many went across the channel to
San Pedro and inspected the new tracts
recently opened for sile. The day was a
charming one and the clear atmosphere
afforded a magnificent view of the snow
capped mountains in the distance. Messrs.
Gibbon, Rule, Hynes and other officers of
the Terminal road were lavish in their at
tentions to excursionists.
General Bouton, Slotterbeck, the gun
smith, Joseph Mullally and three or four
other gentlemen had their diamond studs
stolen hy expert thieves in the crowd
wnile taking luncheon. No trace of the
thieves has been discovered.
While there are no announcements
made officially regarding the question the
belief is general tnat the Los Angeles and
Redondo Railway Company will at an
early date extend its lines to San Pedro.
The railway line now operated by th •
company runs nearly directly south from
the Los Angeles station to Gardena and
there makes a sharp turn to the westward,
which carries the line to Redondo. This
line is a little over seventeen miles in
length. San Pedro lies almost due south
o: Gardena and is less than ten miles from
that place. The addition of a branch irom
Gardens to San Pedro, connecting with
the line now operated by the company,
would make the road twenty-seven miles
in length.
PETTEGREW S UNIQUE WILL.
Inscr.bed His Bequests on the Back of a
Photograph of His
Heir.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., March 9— An
original and unique document, in the
form of a will executed by James P. Pette
prew, was admitted to probate in Judge
Clark's department of the Superior Court
here this forenoon. The author of the
strange instrument died in this city a few
weeks abo at the age of 71. He possessed
an utter disrecard for the ordinar / forms
of legal procedure, but hai such shrewd
ness that the instrument by which he de
vised his estate met all requirements, in
the opinion of Judge Ciark.
The testator had an excellent photo
graph of his son, George W. Pettegrew, a
young man, who resides at Randsburg,
the new mining camp, lie took a she t
of notepaper just the size of the photo
graph and very carefully pasted it on the
back of the picture. Then he wrote his
will on the back of the photograph. It
was a short document, and the jhrnse
olopy is sufficiently out of the ordinary to
make it of unusual interest It was as
follows:
Los ANOELES, Cai., Jan. 21, 1897.
This is a photo of George W. Pettegrew, ivho,
in case of my denth, is the owner ot oil my
property of any kind whatsoever. George W.
rettegrew was born December, 1860. His ad
dress is Randsburg, Kern County, Cal. Tele
graph Him. He will come and pay nil honest
debts. J. W. Pette<-,rew,
Father of George W. Pettegrew.
Witness: Andrew J. Rideoct.
It was in the handwritinc of the old
man, except for the signature of Mr. Ride
or.t. Id whose hands Pottesrrew placed the
will and who kept it until the death of the
testator. There are other children of the
deceased, but ho left his estate to his son
George. The other children are: Mrs.
Manta J. Dangbure, aged 42; Andrew J.
Petteerew, aged 38; Ida N. Petteerew,
aged 34, and Jiuige Pettogrew, aged 28, alt
of Gardnerville, Douglass County, Nev.
The esta cis worth about $4000. It con
sists of |1000 in money in a safety-deposit
box at the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank
in this city and real and personal prop
erty in the State of Washington.
MURPHY STATION WRECKERS.
Boys Confess That They Placed Dynamite
on a Ranway to Destroy a
Tram.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Mar. 9.— The Cere
vegna boys, who were arrested yesterday
on a charge of attempting to wreck a
train at Murphy station, made a complete
confession to-day.
John Cerevegna, the elder brother,
claims he originated the idea of placing
dynamite on the railway track and that
his younger brother, Peter, was an un
willing partner in the escapade.
The confession was made to District At
torney Hernngton. John Cerevegna was
very penitent and seemed to realize the
enormity of his offense. He said he pro
posed to his brother last Saturday that
they place a stick of dynamite on the
track, just to see what it would do to the
the train.
Peter objected but allowed John to per
suade him to take part in the plan. A
stick of dynamite was placed on the track,
a cap being tied to it with a piece of
string. As soon as this was done Peter
went away, but John bid behind a nearby
tree.
When the front of the train struck the
cap John was disappointed, as he saw
only a slight puff of smoke. He did not
know that the concussion broke the glass
on the headlight.
When John went back to the house he
did not tell his lather, as be feared lie
would be punished. The next day John
put two more sticks of dynamite on the
track, providing each with B cap.
He did not wait for the train, but went
back to the house. He and hi* brother
were arrested the next day. Peter Cere
ve«na corroborated the story told by his
broiher in all the main facts.
The boys wi!l be arraigned to-morrow
morning. The crime they committed is
a capital offense, according to the laws of
California, and [I convi< ted the penalty is
either death or imprisonment for life.
TITLE TO GUADALUPE LAND.
Land Office Decides in Favor of the
Settlers Who Made Filings
in 1892.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9— A decision
which is of great interest to sev#al well
known residents of this county has been
handed down by the registrar and re
ceiver of the United States Land Office at
San Francisco.
It is to the effect that Charles P. Owen,
Matt E. Arnerich, V. A. Schelier, John
D. Mackenzie, Charles Cole and Paul Ar
nerich are the lawful owners of the land
on which they settled at Guadalupe.
The litigation over the prope"ty has
lasted several years, the contest being
made by the heirs of the Coleman estate,
who claimed the Guadalupe mine under a
foreclosure decree. The Sheriff's deed in
cludfd a 1500-acre tract of land in which
the Government had never relinquished
its interest.
CharHs P. Owen and others made re
searches in 1890 and found that the Guada
lupe Mining Company had no title to this
land. Accordinely, in December, 1892, fil
ings on portions of the land were offered
by V. A. Scheller, C. Oweu, Si. E. Arnerich,
Charles Colo, Adolpb. Dunker, Paul
Arnerich, J. D. McKenzie and John
Withers, but all of the applications were
rejected by the Registrar of the Land
Office at San Francisco.
An appeal was tak n to the Interior De
partment at Washington, and on August
11, 1894 the Commissioner of the General
Lmd Office rev-rsed the decision and di
rected that the filing be accepted upon
the claimant-! complying with the law.
The Guadalupe Mining Company at
once tried to block proceedings by offer
intrfilings on the land as mineral lan<ts,
allying prior rights. The Interior De
par; ment on May 26, 1896, directed the
San Francisco officials to suspend the
application, as the company had made
no previous entry.
A contest was then started as against
Owen, Schelier. Mackenzie, Cole, Matt
Arnerich and Paul Arnerich, who were
endeavoring to prove up, and a new hear
ing was ordered from Washington.
At the trial, which lasted several
months, a large number of witnesses were
examined. Testimony was given by min
ing experts from all over the United
States.
The decision just rendered shows all the
land in dispute to be a?ricultural land; in
fact, at the tresent time over 100 acres of
it is in a nigh state of cultivation. The
decision applies to only the six claimants
against whom a contest was made.
War on Sin Joie Vagrants.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— During the
past week Chief of Police Kidward has
waged a relentless war on tin-horn gam
blers, touts and dissolute characters of all
description, and over sixty of this class of
vaerants have been run out of town.
Thirty arrests were mad>* and the of
fenders were given the choice of leaving
town or standing trial on vagrancy
charges. All took the alternative with
the exception of Manuel Silva. who was
given sixty days in the County Jail.
Rich Intolrenev Proceeding*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— When the
hearing of the petition for a final dis
charge of the debts of Jacob Rich, the in
solvent px-tresident and principal owner
of the First-street Electric Railway, was
called before Judge Kittredge to-day Ai
torney Spencer ask<-d for a continuance
on behalf of certain creditors. The hear
ing was continued without date.
Father Ficeardo't Succ*a*or.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— Rev. John
Baptist Valio, S. J., now president at the
Jesuit Novitiate, Los Gatos, has been ap
pointed to succeed the late Rev. Benedict
Piccardo as visiting pastor of Guadalupe
and New Almaden.
MA BIN'S CONTESTED ELECTION.
Judge Angelotti Decides That Supervisor-
Elect Ring Is Entitled to Hold
Office.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., March 9.— Superior
Judge Frank M. Angelotti has ren
dered a decision in the contested election
case of Aaolph Sylva against George E.
Ring in favor of the contestee, Ring.
The case has excited considerable in
terest throughout political ci r cles in tne
State of California and the decision of
Judge Angelotti, which was handed
down to-day, has been eagerly awaited.
At tne general election held last Novem
ber, Sylva was the Democratic nominee
for Supervisor in District 3 in Marin
County, comprising the town«hipsof San
aalito and Bolinas. Ring (R.) defeated
Sylva by thirty-two vote 3 and Sylva riled
a contest in the Superior Court, claiming
that in lie booths at Mill Valley and
Bolmas the election officers had not com
plied with the law and that Kin : had
grossly violated the purity of election law.
A recount of the votes resulted in increas
ing Ring's plurality by two, making it
thirty-four.
Evidence was then introduced by both
contestant and contestee that the purity
law had been violated. After considera
ble sensational testimony had been given
a stipulation was agreed to between the
contending parties to withdraw this testi
mony and submit the matter to the court
upon evidence whicu had been introduced
in regard to violations of the election laws
oy the officers in the precincts of Bolinas.
"It is well settled," says Judge An
gelotti in his decision, "that a departure
from the directory provision will not ren
der an election void, in the absence of a
further snowing that the result of the
election has been changed on the rights of
the voters injuriously affected thereby.
If, however, tne departure from the strict
compliance with the directory provisions
is such that it may be easily ami satis
factorily snown that there was no fraud
and that the result could not have been
affected thereby, and tne showing is made,
the voie will not be rejected."
In conclusion Judge Angelotti says:
"It may not be improi er to remark ltiat
a literal conformance to the requirements
or the law governing elections, so far as
the same is practicable, is much 10 be de
sired, not only lor ihe purpose of securing
a correct expression of the desires of the
voters, but also to prevent the creation of
a suspiciou of fraud that might result in
the setting aside of the will of the ma
jority."
Mr. Sylva must also be taxed the costs
of the proceedings. He said to-day that
it was his intention to appeal to the Su
preme Court.
Mvrrsld*'* lirnin Acreage.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., March 9.— A careful
estimate of the acreage sown to grain in
this county the present season is: Barley,
70,000; wheat 32.500. It is helievi-d to Le
the iargcst acreage ever seeded in tne
county. All crops are loosing well.
fire at Xe\o It'hatcom.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., March 9 —
W. L. Miller's shingle an i siding mill
was burned here toiiay. The total loss
was $3200, with insurance of $840.
TO CUKE A COIiJ IS O?iK DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gis is k-iuuU tiic mouejr tf it lalls to care. 25c
TO SELL POOLS
IN SAUSALITO
Quarters on Water Street
Have Been Leased by
the Gamblers.
.
Paraphernalia in Use Last
Summer Had Never Been
Taken Away.
Harrison & Ci , Who Were Prosecu ed
Before, Will Return to Their
Old Apartments.
SAUSALITO, Cat,., March 9.— The pool
rooms are to be opened in Sausalilo, and
despite the fact that there is a town ordi
nance against such operations the repre
sentatives of the dens of thievery have
been in town making arrangements to
conduct their illegal business. The most
profound secrecy is bein^ maintained,
and persons possessing information are
reluctant to divulge the plans of the pool
sellers. Nevertheless, it has been learned
that two places situated in desirable loca
tions on Water street, near the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad's ferry landing, have
been selected, and here tne poolmen in
tend to carry on their "commission busi
ness" in opposition to the State and town
laws.
One of the places selected is in the rear
of the Buffalo Hotel, on Water street,
which is one of the resorts where the pool
sellers held forth during the months of
May and June of last year, wnen, through
the vigorous prosecution which the town
officials, backed by the Trustees and the
law-abiding citizens of Sausalito, pursued,
they were final iy forced to pack their De
longings and leave the vicinity.
It is said that Harrison & Co., who oc
cupied this place last year, leased the rear
room. A visit to the place to-day "revealed
the fact that all the paraphernalia in use
last year remain. The blackboards are
in place, and the wire cage in whic i the
ca'-hier and teiegrap h operators have their
places has not been removed, and is ready
for occupancy at any time.
The other place for which negotiations
are now pending is the Barrios building,
opposite the depot on Water street. Cor
bett & Co. occupied this place lest year,
before they were run out ot town. The
lease has not as yet been s'gned, but nego
tiations are pending, and a settlement
will be arrived at within a few days.
Joseph H. Pryor, Town Clerk and Re
corder of Sausalito, said to-day: "i under
stand it is the intention of the poolroom
proprietors to again undertake to estab
lish themselves in Sausalito. In fact, cer
tain poolmen have informed me that they
intend to return shortly. What action
will be taken on the part of the Trusiees
and the prosecuting officers of the town,
I am not at this tim* prepared to say."
REDDING MUnDER TRIAL.
Plea of Hereditary Insanity Advanced in
Behalf of John Sutherland's
Slayer.
REDDING, Cal., March 9.— The closing
chapter in the trial of Miles E. Peterson,
charged with raur.ler, is being enacted in
the Superior Court, and to-morrow the
celebrated case will go to the jury which
will decide Peterson's fate.
The plea of insanity was set up by the
defense. Experts from Napa and Stock
ton have testified that beyond a doubt
Peterson was insane at the time the crime
was committed ; while, on the other hand,
experts from Sacramento have testified
that he was not insane. It was shown
that both his father and his mother were
insane at the time of their death, and that
other members of his family had suffered
from mental disease. All through the
trial the defendant lias been in a dejected,
melancholy state, -carcely speaking or
moving his head. His two brotliers have
been constantly at his sid*>.
The crime for which Peterson is being
trie.i was the killing of John Sutherland
at Castella last August. Jealousy was
said to have been the immediate cau«e of
the act. Peterson secreted himself in a
barn and shot Sutherland to death. After
Sutherland fell Pete-son shot four bullets
into his body. He afterward went to the
hotel, replaced his rifle and toot a parting
farewell of the young lady of whom he
was insanely jealous. He did not resist
arrest and from ail appearances was ut
terly ignorant as to the severity of his
crime.
Prtaiuma Hae- count* Sotd.
PETALUMA, Cal., March 9.— J. L.
Dinwiddie, the Commissioner appointed
by the Superior Court, to-day sold the
property known as Agricultural Park, in
East Petaluma, to satisfy a mortgage held
by tne Petaluma Savinps B»nk. There
was was but one bidder— Colonel D. B.
Fairbanks, representing the plaintiff — to
whom the property was sola lor $10,270,
the amount of the ju lgment. Ail im
provements, as well as the racetrack, are
in tine condition, and the expectations
are that the usual fair and races will be
held this year.
Will Wed nt Ann Rnfael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., March 9.— The
nuptials of Dr. Pratt Inman and Miss
Lina Peterson, eldest daughter of Super
visor Petersen, will be solemnized at noon
at the home of the bride's oarents in San
Rafael on March 24.
MEW TO-DAY.
MPerCit
Saved
On the price of
your prescriptions
as we pay no per-
oneor centages to physi-
Our Customers. c j ans ,
ALL GOODS AT CUT RATES.
Swlfi's Specific, $1 size ...........65c
Plnkham's Compound, $1 size t>sc
Mme. Pray's Prescription, $151z9.... 75c
Icura Resolvent, si size ..70o:
Williams' Pint Pills, sOc 5ize...... 35 C
Todd's Emulation C. I* OH. $1 51ze............,.75 C
Sect's Emulsion C. L. Oil. $1 size....' 6 c
Hood's or Joy's Sarsaparillk. $1 size....; 66c
Dr. Scott's Catarrh Cure, 6 months' treat-
: 'ment............ ..;..... ...:.............„; $ 3.50
Cop.dene, $1 s ze .'........:.' ..'..'..'......... 75c
Todd's Health Tablets, better than all the
pills on earth .; 250
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
958 3VT«-rl3Lot Street,
South islOe, bet. Fifth and »Uta.v
HOLDS WORLD'S RECORD.
Champion Watson Recommends
Paine' s Celery. V
Professional Alhletcs Finds This Rem-
edy Invalnlible in the Spring.
Brings Fresh Blood and Regulates the
Whole Xenons System.
It is useless to attempt to compare any
other remedy with Paine's celery com-
pound.
Paine's celery compound is another sort
of thins* entirely from any substitute that
was ever handed over a counter.
It puts fresh blood into the shrunken
veins, regulates the expenditure of nerv-
ous energy, and positively cures general
nervous debility and such specific nervous
disorders as neuralgia, sleeplessness, mel-
ancholia, hysteria, headaches, lassitude —
in a word, Paine's celery compound is
able to soundly build up the nervous sys-
tem and make it healthy and active.
Amon r the testimonials received last
month by the proprietors of Paine's celery
compound was the following:
Boston-. Feb. 8, 1897.
Gentlemen: The strongest of athletes
sometimes feels languid and drawn out.
I have often found myself feeling so, more
especially in the spring before the outdoor
season begins. I have tried "many things,
but have found nothing that (toes me so
much good as Paint's celery compound.
I say this with much pleasure. Respect-
fully yours, J- P- Watson.
Mr. Watson is the world's professional
champion jumper and pole vanlter. He
deleated Tom Burroughs and others at the
world's fair in Chicago."
Not long ago Hj-*nberg, the champion
steeplechaser, wrote to Wells, Richardson
& Company that Paine's ceiery compound' *""
had been of great benefit to him, and said f
that he wished to recommend the remedy /
to other?. . ]
Jonn Graham of th« Boston Athletic
Association,; who took the victorious
American team to Athens; James Mi-
chael, the champion long distance bicy-
clist, ana George Wright of Wright &
Ditson, are among those -who have re-
cently indorsed this best of all soring rem-
edies. Advice from such men is worth fol-
lowing in a matter of health and strength.
Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Whnss imputation Is fstabllshed by
Ten Y«nrs •of Unparallel cl 'tnccell
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco,
The ablest and most successful specialist of
| tho age in the treatment of all Chronic, Ncr-
I vous and Private Diseases in both Men anci
I Women. All diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
! Throat. Lungs, Stomach, Liver and Bowels,
' Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Troubles, Rap-
i ture, ( atarrh. Piles, Eczema and Varicocelo
treated with unfailing >uccess. Diseases of
! oman peculiar to her sex scientifically treated
I and permanently cured. Loss or partial loss of.
j manly power «nd vigor in young, middle-aped
i or old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and prem^
Hire death, quickly and permanently stoppe If.
Private diseases of every name and natu.lL
! cured without having sny bad effects. anEi
| that disease which poisons the blood, dec».-/»-
-; the bones and causes. more physical and men-
tal suffering than any other known disease
thoroughly and lorever cured. .
Heart, Bram, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of the head and pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult breathing and
suffocating fee. ing, a tired, irritable, discon-
tented feeding, and a f ar of lmpendirg <lac-
eer or death, a dread ot being alone or the
reverse; if your memory is failing and. you
! are gloomy and despondent and ieel an aver-
! sion to society, you are suffeiinsr from a seri-
i mis disease of the nerves, brain, heart and
blood. Yon h«ve no tin'c to lose. Callatonco
and CONSULT DR. SWEANEY.
Writ*- your troubles if living away from the
city. Thousands cured at home. L-tters are
answered in . ail foreign langunses. Corre-
spD dence. strictly confidentiHL Bonk, Guide
to Health, sent free on application. Address,
- F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
I 0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
TC irr** AT Properly prepared and,
i\/l I"* Z\ I promptly served, can
iIVII A *» * always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T") ATA /"* r C l
Most Popular J\\_.J\ L X
: Dining Apart- ■■■ ■_* .■*'*■'* *V l -'
j ment in town. ■■Kaanesßßsaauaaßcnan
j 0000000000000
t "patents! fr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTEKS, THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives iieaiUi *<Ml
Bueujttb to tho sexual Organs. - "NEWTOWN MINER
BRUTALLY SLAIN
Killed Because He Refused
Liquor to Intoxicated
Visitors.
Beaten and Tortured Before His
Life Is Cut Short by His
Tormentors.
Two Men Whose Guilt Is Almost
Certain Captured by Shasta's
Sheriff.
REDDING, Cal., March 9 —The most
cold-blooded murder in the annals of
Shasta County crimes was committed last
night at a spot one mile from Newtown, a
small mining town located seven miles
north of Redding, in the Old Dijeins dis
trict. Seralino Genignani, an laiian, 52
years ol ase, was the victim.
Genignani was a miner and by hard
labor had succeeded in laying by a consid
erable store of worldly goods'. Besides his
mining he had planted a small vineyard
and carried on wine-mak;ng on a small
scale. The income he denvecl from the
sa!e of h'.s wine was sufficient to afford
him a good living, and his mining opera
tions enabled him to add to his hoard
each month. He was frugal, industrious
and peaceable, and was respected ai a good
citizen in his neighborhood.
Two of Genignani's neighbors who were
in the habit of wbiling away their even-
Ing hours at his home, called at his place
at 9 o'clock last night, and as they en
tered the door a horrible sight met their
gaze. The floor was besmirched with
blood. A knife lay in one corner and
there were other evidences of a desperate
struggle. These neighbors— o. C. Alex
ander and John Roland— began to investi
gate. They could see by the aid of a
lantern the footprints of two men leading
from the house, and aeconipanyiug them
a broader trail, as though a body had
been drgaeed. Following this for about
seventy-five feet, they came to a panel
fence, and there, in a pool of his life
blood, lay poor Genignani, cold in death.
His whiskers had been roughly cut off, as
if with a knife, his throat was cut irom
ear to ear, there was a deep gash over his
right eye and another across the back of
his head ana a deep cut or stab just above
the center of the breastbone.
The searchers left the body at the fence
and proceeded back to the house, where
they picked up the knife with which the
murder had been committed. They then
sent word to officer? in this city. Their
message reached here about 1 o'clock this
morning. Shortly thereafter Sheriff Hous
lon and a deputy left fur the -cene and at
7 o'clock Coroner Earnest and Dr. Mitchell
went out.
A clew was obtained ar.d at 2 o'clock to
day the Sheriff returned with itro Drison
ers against «vhom the strongest kind of
evidence has been obtained. They are
Alexander Miller, an ex-convict, and
Lewis Kichards. They were io 'geri in the
County jail pending an examination.
Ttie details »>f me murder, as far as the
Sheriff was able to learn, are that Miller
ana Richards, in company with a 15-vear
old lad named Young, had been st Uenig
iiani's piace early in the evening, drink
ing wine and having a generally jjood
time. They left the Italian's house and
proceeded to Newtown, where they drank
more liquor. At about 8 o'clock they re
turned to Genijinani's and asked ior more
w:ne.
The Italian refuted their request. They
knocked him to the floor, beat him, cut
hi- whiskers off and finally killed him.
They then dragged his body from the
house and as iar as the fence, where it
was lound. There they left it and pro
ceeded to the house of Miller. At this
house the two were arrested. They of
fered no resistance. Their clothing and
shoes were blood-stained, and other facts
point directly to their guilt. The lad
Y->ung was also brought in as a witness.
For some months past Genignani had
been troubled by persons who persistently
tried to force an entrance to his house at
nit-'ht, at.a time and aga;n he has applied
to the courts for warran :a for t Me arrest of
the disturbers, bat not being able to iden
tify them con M o nothine.
A EENT NOT A LAND QUESTION.
J. Reynolds go Defined the Single Tax
Last Night.
The Single Tax Society sustained a dis
appointment Sunday niglit in the unavoid
able abs;nc« of J. A. Herr.e, who was to
have been present to deliver an a .dress.
Among the speakers of the evening
were the president, L M. Manzer, Vice-
Presidant Pleace, Mr. Lynch, Dr. Brown,
Rev. Mr. David, J. Reynolds and Joseph
Leggett.
President Manzer tersely conveyed the
gospel of his party in the words: "We
know what we want and we know how to
get it. We don't want much; we only
want the earth. ''
Mr. Pieace explained the iniquities of
the mortgage system from a sin le-tax
standpoint, and commented on the atu
pidny of placing obstacles in the pathway
of those who seek to develop the resources
of nature.
Mr. Reynolds presented a verbal report
of the pr'»gresi of the campaign in Sacra
mento, ana afterward corrected a few mis
conceptions as to the meaning 01 single
tax.
"Single tax," he said, "is not a land
question, but a rent question, and what
we want is a mire equhable distribution
of the rents arising irom land values."
Incidentally he referred to the present
distress in San Francisco, and in th • same
connection said: "The Soring Vailey
Water Workiand Mr. Stitro must derive
a good deal of amusement from the spec a
cle of our business men paying for the
piivilege of improving their property. In
tue n..me of sweet charity, we are going to
give the unemployed a doi:ar a day to
build a 'uoiilev.ird through Mr. Sutro's and
the company's tarren sandhills to en
hance their value. And this is charity."
Mr. Leggett spoke in favor of completer
freedom and denounced the protective
spir.t. "A little competition," said he,
"in the shtpe of the Valley road, did
more to reduce freiglic rates than all the
railway commissions could ever do."
"THE TUB."
A New Albany Corporation and Its
Or gin.
Among the organizations recently in
corporated at Albany was one which bears
the oad name, "The Tub," and to those
who do not live in that city, or who have
not passed a winter there, the name must
tjeem most strange. But to him who has
climbed the hills of Albany daring the
time when ice and snow make the occupa
tion more exhilarating than pleasant, in
the months when the meeting of the Leg
islature increases the population of Cap
.ltol Hill and addß new life to the board
ing-houses which manage to exist between
sessions, to him the name "Tub" suggeste
' the bathing establishment in State street
where residents of Albany take Turkish
and Russian baths, and where members
of the Legislature have been known to re
tire for rest and refreshment alter hard
work which was not of a strictly legis
lative character. In Albany everybody
knows tire proprietor of the establishment.
"Garry" Bensen has served nis time as
a swimming teacher, as a renter of boats
in the "basin"; he has won distinction as
a life-saver, and when the boy became a
man he developed into a politic'an with
aspirations toward office in the Lscislature
during the months when the staid and
sedate atmosphere became impregnated
with the wit and wisdom which go with
the average legislator. His ambition has
been rewarded, and 'Garry" Bensen, who
is known to his townspeople as the man
who taught Grover Cleveland and many
others how to swim, is known to the vis
itor as the Senatorial sergeant-at-armsand
the keeper of ihe "Tub. "
His "Tub," from which the new associ
ation takes its name, is not on the water's
edge, as its name might suggest, but on
the broad street which leads to th« Capi
tol, and was once one of »he fashionable
residences of the city. Besides the vari
ous Einds of baths the place contains
bachelor apartments, in which scenes
have been enacted when they were occu
pied by newspaper men and clerks con
nected with the various departments
which would have given the writer of
roaring farces much good working ma
terial.
There men have gone to write their
"9tories" because it was a quiet place and
because ihey could write there undis
turbed, and there, after their worn was
done, they would go to bed, only to be
drapged out by a self-aurointed com
mittee on Indian affairs and forced to
take a plunge bath, de«pite their assur
ances that they could worry along until
morning, at least, without immersion.
One of the characters of the institution
is a yellow dog. said to be from the ken
nels of Senator Edwnrd Murnhy. He
answers to the name "Tub." He stands
around knowingly when tiie regular
boarders take their morning plunge and
he follows the inmates to the Capitol,
where betakes it Upon himself to keep
the messenger boys raoviner. When he
sees one coming or going lie jumps at his
heels, ana until he get? out of the dog's
reach the messenser is likely to move
quickly.
A recent story about Bensen shows that
maturity has not robbed him of his spirit
of fun. Among other sources of income
irom the Tub is that which comes from
ba'hing dou-s. A woman came to the place
a short time asto with a pet poodle. "The
dog is young," she said, "but I want to
have you teach him how to swim. Do you
think he will learn?" Garry looked wise
and said that tie "supposed the dog could
be taught." Terms were agreed upon and
the doc came for his first lesson the next
day. He was thrown into a bathtub wiih
no'more ceremony than a committee would
show toward a too temperate or a too in
dustrious companion, and a report was
sent to the woman that her dog was doing
nicely, and with so and so many addi
tional lessons at a certain amount lor
each lesson he would certainly learn to
swim. And now the woman shows the
poodle to her friends as the successful pu»
pil of "Garry" Bensen.
One of (he organizers of the new club,
"The Tub," is prominently connected
with the historical department of the
State of New York, but the society was
not formed for the pursuit of historical re
search.—New York Tribune.
THE OLDEST POSTMASTER.
Joseph Strode Has Handled Letters for
Fifty-Six Years.
The oldest postmaster in continuous
service in the United States lives in Cen
tral Pennsylvania. His name is Joseph
Strode, and he lives at Strodes Millf, a
pretty village in M.fflin Count}*.
This old pioneer postmaster, says the
Cresson Record, has held the. one position
since 1545, and still holds it at the present i
time, although lie is now in his eighty
first year. As a recognition of his long
and laithful service for the Government,
the Postoffice Department at Washington !
had his picture on exhibition at the
World's Jtair, and it was considered one of
the most interesting features of that great
department.
Sirodes Mills is a quaint, old-fashioned
village si;uated in the heart cf M*ffl:n
county. Th country surrounding it is
rich in farming lands and valuable ore
and sand mines. Although the place la
over a century old its inhabitants only
number 200. The people are mostly well- j
to-do, and ever since the establishment of
the village the lands have passed down
from one generation to another, and very
seldom has it been that these banded
down properties have gone out of the fam
ily possession. They are a happy race of
people, contented with their lot, and sel
dom if ever bothering the outside world.
They are in reality a world to themselves,
and as such but little is ever heard of
them outside of their village limits.
In 1839 Arthur Strode received the ap
poimment of postmasier, during Martin
Van Buren's administration and contin
ued in office until his ueath in Angtist,
1845. Joseph Strode, tne present post
master, was made his assistant in 1840,
and at his death received the appoint
ment, through Cave Johnson, Postmaster-
General under President Puik. For the
last ten years his aon, Amor A. Sirode,
has been his assistant.— Pittsburg Dis
patch.
Standing Up for Hia Country.
"They's one thing sure," said Farmer
Corntossel, whose wife had ventured to
ex- ros-i an opinion on National topics,
"an 1 ye kin note it down in yer dairy an'
write it in the back of yer cookbook, so's
ter mind yer>elf of it once in a while."
"What is it, Hiram ?'
"This here administration ain't afraid
of Spain."
"Well, mebbe 'taint, but — "
"They ain't no but aDout if. This ad
ministration ain't afraid of Spain. An 1
wont's more, it ain't a-goin' ter take no
chances gettin' afraid of her." — Boston
Traveler.
MOLLIE SAIDEE BLOOM.
Miss Mollie Saidee Bloom, to whom ,»ill fall the honor of being the only grad
uate in mathematics from Stanford this year, is a remarkably bright young lady
who resides in San Jose. Every mornine for the last four years she has traveled
the distance from San Jose to Stanford, and a great deal of her studying is done
on the train. To her mathematics is a pleasure and she is so far aheal of her
class that a six months' term after graduation will give her a doctor's degree. In
a class in engineering of three hundred Miss Bloom i* the only girl.
When but 13 s: c graduated from the grammar school, and at 16 from the
Ban Jose High School. She was one of the youngest to enter Stanford.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
THE UNEMPLOYED
AS ENTERTAINERS
A Successful Performance
at the Auditorium
Last Night.
Songs, Dances, Athletics, Reci
tations and Feats of
Legerdemain.
Tbey Cleared Over a Hundred and
Fifty Dollars on the
Scheme.
The unemployed realized about $150
last niebt from their theatrical entertain
ment in the Auditorium.
The house wos not very large, but a very
nice class of people was present and there
was nothing except the remarkable num
ber and diversity of acts presented to in
dicate that there was anything unusual
about the occasion or the purpose of the
show.
It was 8 variety performance made up
of as many variations as there were par
ticipants. There was everything, from a
clever acrobatic feat along through songs,
dances and recitations to things that were
simply interesting because they were sur
prisingly inane. There were some good
act?, some tolerable acts, and some that
would not have been endured elsewhere.
Bat everything went and everything was
applauded, from the efforts of the pretty
baby girl lancers to the men made up as
imrossible tramps or Indians.
Following i 3 the complete programme:
Lindslev brothers on the triple horizontal,
bar*; Miss Wainright, r ballad; Julius KortO;
walkinc the globe: Miss Deutt. recitation
Tom Adis, tenor solo; Professor Andermn.
sleight-of-hanrt tricks; Baby Liramte, song;
Mrs. Crose, dramatic reading: Thornhill,
tramp act; Dan Dougherty, black-face mono
louiie and baton drill; Professor J. Lombar
dero's stringed quartet; Senorita Matilillt*.
Castanet dunce; Nelson and William's
humorous knoclta&out and boxing act;
Baby Lewis, dance: Melchodie, Indian act:
Harry Deviere, musical «ct: and among other*
that took part were Richards and Rand, Zan
fellft Brothers, Lorrance Sister?, Matt Ken,
Professor Galando, W. T. Baker. Miss A.tis,
Ewald Andow, Mme. Andow. Russell Hell
raan, Cnp:»ln Beach, John Payne, Johnson
and Lindon, Willard brotberß, Bisseno, Miss
May Walton, D >le and Dalton, May LoveUnn,
Dora Johnson, Charles franks, Mrs. Frank*,
Grace Grace, Re ard L«ona, Mrg. Leona, C.
| B. Bartou and Ethel Graham.
At the end of the performance C. 11.
Davies, vice-president of the unemployed
and one of the well-appearing men who
composed the corps of attendants and
ushers, appeared before the footlights and
made an address in which he told briefly
of the object and the inception of the
benefit for the unemployed and the relief
and the generosity they have met with.
In the forenoon'here was a parade of
the unemployed, 400 strong, through the
principal downtown streets and out r.a far
as Van Ness avenue, the object belnc by
means of appropriate banners to adver
tise the evening's entertainment.
The boulevard fund yesterday passed
the $5000 mark, the amount being now
$5233, but this is very much slower than
the committees hoped the coll ctions
would be made. In two or three days
some men may be put to work
on the job, ex-Mayor Sutro hav
ing yesterday given a right of way
under specified conditions through his
property, and the committee having
agreed to the condtions which »tate that
the boulevard must be completed in
eighteen months and no sew rs must be
laid in the street durine the first five
year?. The deeds are in escrow.
Several new cases o' distress nnd sick
ness have oeen reported to the unem
ployed headquarters. The men there
have supplies" enough on hand after the
contributions of rice from Chinatown to
last another day.
Adolph Sutro yesterday told theg ttre t
Committee of the Board of Supe rv i 80ra
that he would have a deed prepare^ with
out any conditions included for the strip
of land thmugh his possessions f or t ne
boulevard. He said that he did not wish
to make a gift which should entail upon
him any great expense. He would give
an unconditional deed, trusting to the
Board of Supervisors not to compel him
to construct a sewer.
RED MEN TO HELP.
Will Give a Lecture In Aid of the
Unemployed Men.
The committee of the Red Men of the
Improved Orderappointed to devise means
to assist the Citizens' Committee in raisin?
funds for the relief of the unemployed met
in ihe Alcazar building on Tuesday night,
and it was reported that 3000 tickets hud
been printed and that 2100 had tieen dis
tributed to the various tribes. These are
for admission to a lecture on the "Abor
ieines of America, 1 ' to be delivered on the
24: 1 i tost in Metropolitan riall by Profes
sor Frank J. Polley of Stanford Univer
sity.
It was also reported that the committee
on talent had been on the trail of several
well-known elee clubs and that there is
reason to believe that they wiJl volunteer
their services for the occasion.
The Boulevard Heads.
Mayor Phelan, Attorney Lloyd and the
Street Committee discussed the matter.
Mr. Lloyd said that Mr. Sutro would put
the deed in escrow ia the Nevada Bank
and that he was willing to extend the
time for the completion of the work to
five years. Whenever, In the judgment
of the Mayor, the boul»vard shall be com
pleted the deed may be placed on record.
He also desired that red rock should be
used upon the part of the boulevard do
nated by him, and offered to give the rock
nee ssary for the macadamizing free of
cost. Tiie boulevard must be 100 feet
wide.
This proposition met with the approval
of the Street Commltt'e, of Mayor Pheian
and City and County Attorney Creswell.
The deed will be prepared at once and
will be submitted to Mr. Creswell. who
will report upon it ta the Street Commit
tee. Very likely the deed will be ap
proved this week, when the last obstacle
in the way of beginning work will hav6
been removed.
The Order of Druids.
The event of the wee* in Druid circles was the
Installation of Aurora Grove ia Mangels Jlatl las:
Wednesday by >ioble Grand Arch J. A. Devoto,
assisted by Fast Arch Q. Pattarga of Concordla
Grove of Stockton, Pa-it Arches G. Mnsso, J. Silva,
F. J. Kojsl and J. Cardan*, of Galileo, atad G.
Racci of L. de Canio»ns Grove. The following
named were installed us officers of the new grove,
which was started with twlrty-flve members: Dr.
E. N. Horello, P. A.: 0. Gugilenoni, N. A.; G. Fon
tana, V. A.: P. Huctal. F. S.: P. Barsjttl. R. S. ; L.
Va sauglacomo, T. ; E. Glanotti. I. G.; A. Fradlani,
Ut.fi. Af.er the Installation 125 DruMs sat down
to a fine ba"auet.
Oakland Giov- Initiated three candidates at Us
last held meeting and conferreJ the second de
cree. Vasco de iiiuiia Grove Initiated lour candl
da.es and received three upptlcatlo:is. Ma zaui.a
Grove had several initiations. This grove will In
future m»et every Thursday in Druids' Hall.
on the 13th nut. the g and officers will pay an
official visit to .N orma and Templar Grov< s.
.During ihe next iwo nioi.-ths groves win be In
s i .u!«'d at Mart n-x, Cal.stoga and ban Francisco.
Past Arch K. Lewis of Pleusanton, who was in
this City las week, reports the grove iv his da
tr.ct in fine condition.
Woodworkers' Union.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Amalga
mated Woodworkers' Union No. 15 was held
last evening.
A request was received from the General
Secretary at Chicago for a list of speakers who
will be called upon to organize the coast. The
list will be iorwarded and the work of or
ganizing the workmen of the entire coast, will
be made very soon.
SWEDES ARE CHAMPIONS.
Winners of the Great Pavilion
Tug*of-War Tourna
ment.
The Unemployed Fund Will Be In
creased by Over Ons Hun
dred Dollars.
Quite a large number of ladies and gen
tlemen witnessed the final contest* of the
tug-of-war last evening in Mechanics' Pa
vilion, and the betting on the pulls was
very lively.
The first pull was between Canada and
Sweden. The betting was $10 to $3 in
favor of Bweden. The Swedes won In
17 minutes 54V^ seconds.
The French and Italian teams came
next and the betting was 5 to 2 in favor of
the Italians. This was another first-class
struggle and was won by the Italians in
28 mm. 55 sec.
A special match pull between the Nor
wegian and German teams was exciting
and spirited. The bettine was in favor of
the Norwegian team at $8 to $10. Tne
Germans lost in 25 mm. 27 sec.
Nelson of the Swedish team pulled sin
gle-handed against Fink, who holds the
lightweight championship. The contest
was won by Fink in twenty-four minutes
ana 12 2-5 seconds.
The excitemont was at fever heat when
the Swedish and United States teams
made their appearance on the cieated
platform. The Swedes at first objected to
meet the Americans, as they had already
engaged in a hard pull, but after some
discus-ion they agreed to go ahead and
take a chance.
The betting was even and the Swedes
won the pull and the international cham
pionship in 5 mm. 32 1-5 sec.
A special pull between the Norwegian
and Italian teams was won by the Italians
in 12 mm. f>l V, sec.
The last event of the tournament was a
contest between the Canadian ar.d Ameri
can teams for second place, and Canada
won a hard and sharp struggle. Time,
3 minutes '6% seconds.
"■*!'**?_-■■" /summary OF pui.l,B.
Sweden defeated Can adit.. ....:. 17 mm. 64 1-6 sec.
Italians defeated French 128 rain. 65 gee.
Id a special mutch pull the Nor
wegian team beat the Ger
mans In 25 mtn. 27 sec.
Sweden beat United States 5 mm. 32 1-5 sec,
Italy beat Norway in special
pull 12mtn. 51% sec
Canada beat United States ..... 4 mln. 3V% tec.
The amount taken in last evening was
$4<>2 and from this $115 50 will go to the
unemployed fund.
ALL THE WAY PROM KENTUCKY.
Wonderful Title Related by a Citizen of
the Blue-Grass Region.
Lexington has a citizen who must be
trying to beat the record of baron Mun
chausen as a prevaricator. His name is
Jerome B. Frazier, and here is a sample of
his soaring fancy taken from the Lexing
ton Argonaut:
"I am very fowl of domestic animals
and lowls, and the possesor of a fine intel
ligent fox-terrier, who answers to the
name of Fanny. I attended a sale some
months ago and bought a Poland duck. I
brought her home and put her among the
other poultry in the yard. In a few days
I noticed that Fanny and Miis Poland
were on good terms with each other, and
in a few week* they were inseparable. Fin
ally Miss Poland thought she had loafed
long enough and went to setting. Fanny
made regular visits to her and seemed to
take treat interest in the proceed
ing. The duck rarely left her nest.
After setting for about a week she
sickened and died. Fanny seemed
almost heartbroken over the untimely
death of her friend. The evening of hor
death I missed Fanny from ncr accus
tomed place in the yard and began a
search for her. I found her in the duck's
nest with the eg s underneath her. The
next morning I visited the poultry-house
end found Fanny still covering the egcs.
1 concluded not to disturb her, but await
results. This continued for some weeks,
and at the end of the usual time allowed
for incubation I found that six lively little
ducks had become citizens of the
poultry yard. Fanny seemed very proud
of her success as an incubator. "The lit
tle ducks followed her, and seemed to
know no difference between Fanny and
a barnyard fowl. The strangest part
of this story yet remains to be
told. Fanny is a remarkable ratter, and
these little ducks developed into the finest
rat-killers that I ever saw. lam willing
to match th-se six duck-* against six ter
riers for from $100 to $1000 a side in a rat
killing contest, and I will win the match. 1 '
— Louisville Courier-Journal.
Regulating Flirtation in Missouri.
Representative Hood of Barry County
has introduced a bill in the Missouri Legis
lature, at Jefferson City, which is designed
to restrict flirtaiion. It prohibits railroad
conductors, brake men and other em
ployes from "intruding attention and con
versation upon female passengers on any
pretext whatever." The penalty pre
scribed is $25foreach offense, one-half of
which is to go to the informer and the
other half to the county in which the
offense is committed. Hood is a Populist
and schoolteacher. He ia in dead earnest
in the mat>er and declares that the habit
which railroad conductors and brakemen
have of flirting with lady passengers must
be stopped. — Cincinnati Enquirer.
HAS RETURNED
FROM ROSSLAND
S. F. Loughborough on the
Richness and Singular
Order of the Camp.
Nobody Is Allowed to Carry
Weapons and There Are
No Homicides.
Ha Predicts That in F.ve Years There
Will Bj Several Towns as
Large as Butte.
S. F. Loughborough of this City, who
was for years a member of the Texas
rangers and afterward Stienff of one of
the border counties in New Mexico, has
arriveil here, after three months' absence
at Rossland, B. C, where he has for some
time past been interested in mining. He
is part owner in six properties there, and
of these three are shipping ore and more
than paying expenses.
Mr. Loughborough believes that in five
years there will be a number of towns in
that part of British Columbia, any one of
which will surpass Butte, Montana, in
population. Of these, Rossland, New
Denver and Trail City are a few. He says
the mineral is widely distributed and is
so rich as to surprise him, thoneh for
years he has been familiar with mining.
Another thinjr that has won his greatest
admiration is the way the law is observed
in that part of the country. Although
Rossland has some SOOO inhabitants there
is but one man to preserve order. He is
the Chief of Police, Constable. Sheriff and
Town Marshal, all in one. Nobody ques
tions his power. I*, is absolute.
No revolver or other weapon is allowed
to be carried by any one. There are no
Homicides. Ladies may walk about at any
time unaccompanied by escorts and never
hear a word directly or indirectly that
might offend or even seem harsh. There
is no profanity among the miners or others
when on the streets. It is the most or
derly camp he ever saw.
"When I siwall this." said Mr. Lough
borough — "saw how ndmirably ihelaws
were executed and reflected that the ciiy
was but three years old and was in a great
stretch of new country filled by men from
all parts of the globe — it seemed to me
phenomenal. I could not help but have a
high opinion of British justice and Brit
ish law when I thought how different it
was in similar places in the United States
and in San Francisco. I felt like becom
ing a citizen of Great Britain much as I
had hitherto depreciated thatcuuntry.
"I don't know but I will do it yet. It
made my biood boil and made me feel
ashamed of my country when as 1 came
away from Rossland on the stage and had
i^acned North port (on the American side,
only seven miles away) the first thing I
saw was a man chasing another one with
a pun.
"The country is one of the richest I
ever saw. 1 was surprised at the number
of paying properties. There is no intem
perance. Everything is carried on in or
der and with entire safety to everybody."
Mr. Loughborough will probably be
here several weeks. He is at the Grand.
DEATH OP A GEEAT HUNTER.
A Slayer of Tigers and Elephants Suc
cumbs in Cochin-China.
A great hunter has just died in Cochin*
China, where he lived lor the past twenty
seven years. His name was Wetzel. He
was an Alsatian. During the war of 1870
he served in a French regiment of cuiras
siers, and at the close of the war he asked
to be sent to Cochiu-China. riis request
was granted, and he was employed in that
country as gamekeeper. Soon he became
famous by his exploits. His bunting
record, which he used to snow with pride,
loots up 89 elephants, 30 tigers, 21 panth
ers, 5 rhinoceroses, about 20 wild buffaloes
and an immense number of bear.-*, deers,
etc. The natives heid him in great ven
eration on account of the services which
he rendered to them.
At one time two tigers carried away
some persons in the neighborhood of Tay
ninh. On being notified ot the fact by
the authorities Weizel set out in the
night to hunt them. Concealing himself
in one of the haunts of the beasts he shot
them down one after the other. He
never used any stratagems; all his hunt
ing was done in a bold and daring fash
ion, and more than once lie came near
losing his lite. One day while hunting
buffaloes he was c.iarged by a bull. The
natives are more afraid of a bull buffa o
than they are of a tiger. Wetsel was
knocked down and pawed by the brute.
He pretended to be dead. His rifle
escaped from his hand as he fell. Slowly
he dragged himself up to it. To seize it,
shoulder it and lodge a bullet in trie head
of hi 3 adversary was the matter of an in
stant. He was confined to li is bed for a
long time after that adventure. On an
other occasion a wounded tiper bounded
upon him and struck him with her claws
in the face, inflicting a serious wound,
but he killed the beast. The traces of the
wound could be plainly seen on his face.
In a rough-and-tumble fight v.'ith a pan
ther his leit shoulder was bailiy lacerated,
but he managed to plunge his hunting
knife into the panther's heart.
His death was the result of sunstroke.
His numerous friends are about to erect a
monument to him, which will recall his
exploits as a soldier, an elephant-hunter,
a tiger-hunter and an all-round man with
a gun. — Courrier dcs Etats-Ums.
America's Bichegt Woman.
A woman past 50, who has had her
share of youthful good looks, may, if she
keeps her health, retain that essential
part of her attractiveness wnich consists
in character and expression. Such is the
ca»e witti Hetty Green. Time has touched
her gently, withal. Her hair is not
yet quite gray, nor her face wrinkled.
Sue has keen blue-^ray eyes, a clear com
plexion, and strongly marked leatures
that indicate truly the force and determi
nation behind them. In repose, her ex
pression becomes softened, and she looks
like the home-loving and domestic woman
that she is at heart. Mrs. Green has the
reputation, not altogether unde
served of being a bad dresser.
Tnis appears to be rather an
affectation, perhaps with a purpose on
her part rather than a deficiency of femi
nine taste. Her ordinary street attire
of rich but plain black, with a violet
trimmed bonnet, has nothing outre about
it. Her manner in talking about her
battles with courts and financiers is
fuil of aegres-ive animation, and gives
the impression that righting suits her
temperament. A peculiar picturesque
ness is imparted to her speech by the
traces of New England Quakerism that
c!ing to it. In moments ot forgetfulness
she says "yaas" almost as broadly as the
characters in a Yankee dialect story.—
Leslie's Weekly.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th»f»e- .-- /9 ■ ■■ ' r^U'^'J><:.'-^ ■ .
■ ilaih /y CS/IF/? sr ■ ■ ** a
KEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS
EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
LADIES'
orr v » i tot v minim nin i n
SILK s LISLE UNDERWEAR
j3L3XTX>
LADIES' SILK,
LISLE AND ALL-WOOL HOSIERY
AT — ■
LESS THAN 1 COST OF IMPORTATION
TO MAKE ROOM FOR OUR MAMMOTH
NEW IMPORTATIONS NOW ARRIVING,
we will hold a Grand Closing-Out Sale of the
following choice lines of LADIES' SILK and
LISLE UNDERWEAR and LADIES' SILK,
LISLE AND ALL-WOOL HOSIERY, which
we have marked down REGARDLESS OF
SACRIFICE
TO FORCE THEM OUT IMMEDIATELY
LADIES' SILK AND LISLE UNDERWEAR
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, low neck and sleeveless, assorted CA,
colors, former price 50, will be offered at.... «vu
LADIES' RIBBED SILK VESTS, high neck and short sleeves, as- nz
sorted colors, former price $2, will be offered at I O\j
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, high neck and long sleeves, size 4, *1 AA
in black only, lormer price $2 50 and $2 75. will be offered at. <f»IiVV
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 4, in cream only, former price *£) A A
$3, will be offered at ..-.• (POiVV
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 5, in pink and cream, former *n C A
prices3so, will be offered at tfy.efv
LADIES' SPUN. SILK VESTS, high neck and long sleeves, size 6, in pink *a r A
ana cream, former price will be offered at................:.. «P-.WV
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 3, in cream, pink and black, *1 AA
former price $2, will be offered at.. «pl.Vv
LADIES' VESTS, sizes 3 and 4, extra fine silk, former price $2 60, shades £1 CA
salmon, cream and pink, will be offered at «pl«wv
LADIES' PLAITED SILK VESTS, sizes 4 and 5, regular price $1 50, will be <M M
offered at ifI.VV
•.■-..• - - ; - . ' '
LADIES' BLACK SWISS RIBBED VESTS, warranted pure silk, former 61 AA
price $2 50, will be off ered at — $!•""
LADIES' 6 AND 9 THREAD PURE SILK VESTS, size 32 and 34, regular *c A A
price $8 and *9, will be closed out at <peJ»W
LADIES' SPUN SILK VESTS, high neck and short sleeves, size 30, former d>l AA
price $3, will be offered at ♦1 . V V
LADIES' PURE SILK VESTS AND DRAWERS, sizes 28 and 30, former *() CA
price $6 50, will Da closed out at .' $u.wV
LADIES' WHITE CASHMERE VESTS AND DRAWERS, regular price *1 C A
$2 50, will be offered at (j>I»VW
I ■ ■ ■ : '. "
LADIES' HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
150 pairs LADIES' PURE SILK HOSE, former price $4, marked $0 A A D,,:,,
down t0.... *<S.VV Ida
185 pairs LADIES' RIBBED SILK HOSE, former price $2, marked *| A A p Q :,,
■ clown to <pI»VV idir
190 pairs LADIES' SPUN SILK HOSE, former price $2 50, marked |J AA p»j_
down to ...L... *I.VV Idll
80 pairs LADIES' PURE SILK HOSE, shade eminence only, former t£.) AA »„;.
price $3 50, marked down t0.... <P-tVV 1 dll
60 pairs LADIES' EMBROIDERED SILK HOSE, former price $9, *9 KA p a |
marked down to . ■ wi n llllfcrtMliHr MW^Ti aitTf ir<" - »A _»| If I fill
marked down t0.... •••• ••• T"iww *un
95 pairs LADIES' WHITE CASHMERE HOSE, former price $1, CA« p.,;
will be offered at. ...:... »V 0 I (111
110 pairs LADIES' ALL-WOOL CASHMERE HOSE, in brown, navy CA- V a | r
and cardinal, former price $1, marked down to Ovv 1 all
60 pairs LADIEB' LISLE THREAD HOSE, in opera shades, former A. p :,,
price $1, marked down to "Vt 1 all
liO pairs LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSE, in gray only, former QP||» Poit*
price 75c, marked down to .......:.. OOli I all
70 pairs LADIES' BLACK OPERA . HOSE, former price $1 25, ' C A- D,'
marked down to vVii lull
TWO EXTRA SPECIALS IN RIBBONS.
No. 40— 3K-INCH ALL-SILK BLACK AND COLORED SATIN AND GROS IK*
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors, value 25c, will be placed on sale at...... ivO
No. 60-4-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED AND BLACK SATIN AND GROS Ir,
GRAIN RIBBONS, assorted colors, value 35c, will be placed on sale at AtlG
• . ZZIZZZZZZIZZZZZIZZZZZZZIZZZZZZZIIZZIZZZZZZZI
[ Ml L* MURPHY BUILDING, /
[w Jfidl lLbl ijlluul, LUillCl ul JUiICiL /
Saxx Fretnoieoo, '
910
MANY POOR BOYS
MAY BE EDUCATED
Sixty New Scholarships j
Created at the State
University.
Levi Strauss to Give $3500 a
Year and the State as
Much More.
College of Commerce May Be an Im
portant Branch of tbe University.
Olher Business.
Levi Strauss of this City will give the
University of California $3500 a year to be
used in scholarships for the maintenance
in college of poor students. He made the
offer yesterday to the board of regents and
it was accepted with applause.
It was submitted in conjunction with a
plan for a legislative bill creating an
annual fund of $3500 to maintain what
shall be known as the State of California
scholarships, providing aid to not more
than twenty-eight especially deserving
students each year.
These combined funds aside from all
privately endowed scholarships, such as
those recently created by Mrs. Phebe
Hearst, will maintain at Berkeley over
lifty stddents in the undergraduate
courses. The twenty-eight State of Cali
tornia scholarships are intended to be
apportioned among the seven Congres
sional districts of the State, to be filled by
the lour most worthy applicants from
each district.
In addition to these State of California
scholarships and the Levi Strauss scholar
ships, all for undergraduate students,
there are to be seven graduate scholar
ships, each yielding to the holder $250 a
year. They will after their creators be
named as follows, and will be filled by
one lrom each of the seven Congressional
districts:
Student's graduate scholarship, an al
umni graduate scholarship, a faculty
graduate scholarship and four regents'
graduate scholarships.
Of more future significance perhaps than
these liberal provisions for poor students
was a plan submitted by Regent Arthur
Ropers for the consideration of the board.
He would have created in the University
of California a college of commerce, and
he has given the subject to his fellow re
gents to think about. His idea, first sug
gested over a dozen years ago in a com
mencement address he delivered at Berke
ley, contemplates the establishment of a
school for the scientific !<tudy of trade, of
finance, of all manner of commercial re
lations between this country and others
to wnich it exports goods or from which it
gets supplies.
The idea would mean that nere at the
greatest Pacific seaport of America, and one
of the great commerce centers of the world,
would be trained the specialists in trade
relations that would be the business ad
visers and experts for great mercantile
houses. It would, Mr. Rogers thinks,
naturally lead up to the establismeni of a
college of diplomacy tor the instruction of
future consuls to foreign ports, where to
have a skillful observer and planner of
trade would result in a great advantage to
this country.
Therre is no such school at present ex
cepting, Mr. Rogers says, a small affair at
the University of Pennsylvania, but he
sees no reason why if there be colleges of
agriculture and colleges of mechanical
arts there should not also in this State,
with its manifold interests and resources
and commercial advantages, be a college
of commerce.
BLevi Strauss' offer of funds for annual
scholarships was made hi the following
letter:
Kegeai J. B. Reinntein— Dear Sib: I have
notaii in the newspapers that while the Legis
lature was considering the bill to increase the
income of the University of California a sug
gestion was made to set apart $3500 per an
num to aid worthy and poor students from
escli of the Congressional districts of the State
to obtain an education at that university.
I should be pleased to be permitted to du
plicate the generosity of the State in the mat
ter of said scholarships, and request you
kindly to communicate the terms of this letter
to the Honorable the Board of Regents of the
university.
The University of California hag already
risen to a plane that challenges the admira
tion of the entire country, and I deem it a
privilege to aid those connected therewith.
The proper officers are hereby authorized to
draw on me each year, until further notice,
for the sum of $3500. <I am, dear sir, yours
very truly, Levi Strauss.
A petition was submitted from the
members of the senior class at Berkeley
asking for the surplus that will remain
from their long deposited diploma fees
after their graduating certificates shall
have been paid for. It will amount to
about $300, and the class of '97 wants it as
a matter of principle, and especially be
cause the class is more heavily burdened
by debts thnn any other lot of seniors that
ever worried at Berkeley over the un
certainty of graduation and the expenses
of a last year in college. President Kel
locg was inclined to favor the plea on the
ground that public sentiment demands
absolutely fr'e tuition in the university.
Each student upon entering at Berkeley
deposits $10 to pay the cost of his diploma
four years hence. Latterly, with clnsses
of several hundred students, the amount
and interest o! the diploma fund has
amounted to a sura at graduation consid
erably greater than the cust of diplomas,
Judging from the fact that at Stanford
University each student at the time of his
graduation is charged only $1 50 as the
actual cost of his sheepskin. The whole
matter was referred to the finance com
mittee, as its settlement would establish
a precedent upon which succeeding classes
would rely.
Beginnin? with July monthly salaries
tvill be paid by tbe university not until
the 10th of the month succeeding the ser
vice rendered, instead of on the Ist of
the month, according to the present rule.
Provision was made for the publication
by the Lick Observatory of 1000 octavo
volumes of a history of the earthquakes of
the Pacific Coast.
Upon the recommendation of the archi
tects and others connected with the con
struction of the Affiliated Colleges build
ings a bill ot $5780 for construction was
passed upon favorably.
James Kennedy Moffitt, a er.idnate from
Berkeley in the clafs of JBS<>, has given
$100 for the purchase of books lor the uni-
Yersity library, and purposes to give a
like sum each year for a similar purpose.
Regent Dcnicke reported an abnormal
and unaccountable increaseiu theamount
of water usrd in and about tbe college
buildings at Berkeley, and janitors and
professors are to be cautioned not to per
mit water to run to waste.
A report lrom the attorney of the board,
John B. Mhoon, gave the opinion that it
would not be improper to pay a professor
a salary during his absence from the uni
versity, for by so doing valuable so-called
non-resident professors might be obtained
ior short courses of insiruction.
Regent Reinstein called the attention of
the board to the necessity of providing
some temporary buildings at Berkeley in
anticipation of a large freshman class next
fall that may be expected to overcrowd
the present meager accommodations. He
eujrgested at least one two-story frame
building with twelve recitation-rooms.
The subject was referred to the committee
on grounds and plans, which will report
at the next meeting of the board, a month
hence.
It was reported that the bill now before
the Legislature to give to university mili
tary cauets the same privileges and im
munities accorded members of the
National Guard has passed its second
reading in the Senate.
Regent John E. Budd, seconded by Re»
gent Houghton, recommended the ap
pointment as military instructor at Berke
ley of Lieutenant Sydney Cloman, but it
was decided to make a special investiga
tion of the records of all the candidates
for the vacancy. Regent Budd also gave
notice that al the next meeting of the
Board of Regents he will move to re
scind the cboice of the board of San Fran
cisco as the site for the Wilmerding
School because no site has been offered
by tiiis City. To this suggestion Judge
Wallace took exception and declared that
he had voted for San .Krancisio because
the evidence of witnesses had proved that
here the donor intended the school should
be.
A letter was immediately read from the
Merchants' Association asking for a con
ference with a committee from the R?
fcents on the matter of having a site of
fered for the Wilmerding School.
It was decided to fix the salary of the
secretary of the Board of Regents at $225
a month, with the understanding that as
:n the case of the Jat<* Secretary Bonte,
who finally received $275 a month, it be
increased as a reward ior efficiency. The
office is now vacant.
POOLROOMS MUST GO.
The Supreme Court Sustains Judge Wai-
lace and KstublUho* the Validity
of the New Ordinance.
The proprietors of poolrooms seem to
have met their Waterloo.
Yesterday the Supreme Court refused to
grant the release of John Glynn, under
sentence of paying $100 fine or spending
as many days in jail for running a pool
room at Mission and Fiftn street?. The
case came up on the action of Judge Wal
lr.ee in overruling an appeal made from a
judgment of Police Judge Campbell.
In order to bring the matter belore the
Supreme Court Glynn's attorney applied
for a writ of habeas corpus.
It was denied. Exit the attorney, who
lost no time in hastening to the City Hall
and having his client's fine paid.
This action of the Supreme Court, being
final, settles the mooted question as to
the authority of the Board oi Supervisors
to pass police regulations.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN
Entries and Handicaps for the
Garden City Cyclers' Race
Meet.
The Match Races Between Ziegler and
KeF rland to Ba Decide! at San
Jose To-Day.
The following are the entries, handi
caps and heats for the big race meet to be
held by the Garden C.ty Cyclers at San
Jose to-day. Ail of the racing men are on
the ground, having gone down Sunday to
get the advantage of a few days' training,
as they have had little riding since the
meet at Santa Rosa, owing to the rain.
The entries follow:
One mile open, professional: First heat-
Allen Jones, C, L. Pavis, Olympic; Charlts S.
Wells, Bay City; Max Morris, Texas; Horace
Slater, Arizona.
Second neat— Fred J. Loughead, Canada; O.
L. Stevens, Iowa; Hardy Downing. Garden
City; C.E.Dow, Seattle: Harry F. Terrill, H.
B. Freeman, Bay City.
Third heat— W. E. Becker, Minneapolis;
Georce Bovee, Texas; Eddie Allen, W. A. Ter
riil. Buy City; i>. E. Whitman, Los Angeles;
Frank M. Byrne, Imperial.
Match ruce, professional, three one-mile
he«ts between Otto Ziejrler Jr. and Floyd A.
Mctarland, for a purse of $500.
Two-thirds of a mile handicap, amateur:
Kirst heat —J. E. Wing, Olympic, scrtuch;
George Tantau, Olympic, 10 yards; W. s.
Baco-i, Olympic Cyclers, 1"> yards ; C. D.
Gooch, Reliance, 25 yards; K. H. Hammond,
Garden City, 35 yards; U. D. Baker, Garden
City, 40 yards.
Second heat — Percy R. Mott, Reliance,
scratch; Tony Delinas, Garden City, scratcn;
H. W. Squires, Acme, 10 yards; I. L. Ryder,
Garden uity, 25 yards; B. R. Shearman, Gar
den City, 30 yards; I). Murphy, Garden City,
40 yards.
One-third of a mile, ncratch, amateur— First
heat— Percy R. Mott, Reliance; J. E. Wine,
Olympic; H. W. Squires, Acme; I. L. Ryder, R.
I). Baker and R. R. Shearman, Garden City.
Second heat— Tony L>;lmat>, Dan Murphy, R.
H. Hammond, Garden City; W. S. Bacon,
O.ympic Cyclers; George Tantau, Olympic; C.
D. Gooch , Rel ance.
The officials of the meet will be :
Referee, Al Col, O. C. C. Judges— C. R.
Coulter, Olympic; Giorge Osen and Joseph B.
Carey, harden City. Timers— U. D. Hadcn
feldt, W. H. L. Geldert, Chyinplc; R. E. Re
valk, Acme: Charles P. Jarman and Dr. J. E.
Nash, Garden Cliy. Scorers — Edgar Willistou
and Asa Marsh, Garden City. Cleric of course,
D. L. Conkiing, Olympic Cyclers. Assistants —
John Hines and A. E. Moody, Garden City.
Starter — Robert C. Lennie of Chicago. An
nouncer—Wilbur F. Knapp of the World. Um
pires—E. M. Lion and I). E. Whiting, Garden
City.
Opinion seems to be about evenly di
vided as to the Z egler-McFarland match
in Jose. In this City Z egler is favored,
and his record on the National circuit, as
compared with McFarlaud's, is brought
forward to show that he outclasses his man.
It will be a hotly contested match and
victory will mean much to the winner.
Chief Consul Kerrigan has called a meet
ing of the board o! officers of the North
California Division, League of American
Wheelmen, ior Saturday next, March 13,
at 441 Golden Gate avenue.
The diffeiences between the Velodrome
Company and the San Francisco Amuse
ment Company have been satisfactorily
adjusted with reference to the proposed
indoor meet, and the latter received its
sanction from R. M. Welch of the racing
board yesterday to conduct a three weeks'
meet at the Pavilion, from March 20 to
April 10. Manager Shafer has wired
all tbe prominent racing men to come
here for these races, and there will so:>n
be a big influx of racing talent. Michael,
the Weish wonder, will arrive some day
this week. As he has a habit ol dropping
into places unawares, his exact coming is
uncertain.
A WAYWARD GIEL
I.eonl Davolles Sold Her Mother's Fur
niture to Get Montjr for Liquor.
Leoni Davolles, 16 years of age, was sent
to the Magdalen Asylum yestereay by
Judge Campbell. Leoni, although young,
has developed an insatiable thirst for
liquor, and to provide herself with funds
she used to steal things from her mother's
honse at 33 Chenery street and oell them.
. Monday afternoon her mother left home
for n few hour*, and during her absence
Leoni got an expressman to convey all tbe
furniture in the house to a second-band
store on Pacific street, where she sold it
for a few dollars.
She was arrested by Corporal Shanahan,
who turned her over to Secretary Kane of
the Pacific Coast Society for the Suppres
sion of Vice. The motner was in court
yesterday and oflered to take care of the
girl, but the Judjte thought that the Mag
dalen Asylum was the proper place for
her.
A Young Girl Drunkard,
Some time ego the lather of Leonie Dorolles,
who was proprietor of the Model Laundry, met
with reverses which caused his death, owing
to the mental strain. The girl has since lived
with her mother at 33 Chenery street, and has
acquired ati appetite for strong drink, which
her mother hai tried in vain to restrain. She
has kept the company of evil companions, and
in order to gratify her thirst for Intoxicants
has resoned. it is charged, on several occa
sions to Iheft. The patience of the mother at
last was exhausted, and now Secretary Kane
of the Society for the Prevention 01 Vice is try
ing to have the girl committed to the Magda
len Asylum.
TO (I lil, A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take Jaxntive Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it lails to care, i£sc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
MARTY BERGEN
ON TOP AGAIN
He Gets Pecksniff Home
Before a Big Field
of Platers.
The Win of the Horse Was the
Feature of the After
neon's Racing.
Four Favorites F.nished First at
Emeryville— Mainstay Downed
Sallie Clicquot
When Jockey Marty Borgen finished
first on his unlucky horse Pecksniff, the
lukewarm choice for the opening event at
Emeryville track yesterday, he must have
thought that afier all a forgetful public
still retains in its heart a soft place for a
or.cc great rider whose luster has become
dimmed by age.
Marty was some years ago the idol of
Guttenbere racegoers, and hisjgrand work
in the saddle made him the desired of all
riders. With success also came wealth,
and Marty could live in a sandstone front
and amoke "Africanas" without ever
throwing a leg over a horse, but his lovo
for the saddle clings to him as fly paper to
a corner grocery store lounger's trousers.
To him a ride with the colors on is worth
more than a French dinner to a tramp.
Time after time Bergen has landed
Pecksniff inside the coin, but never, that
Is of late, first. Yesterday the son of imp.
Mr. Pickwick was a 3 to 1 choice over a
field of grouse and when Marty cot his
horse in front below the furlong pole from
home and finally landed him winner by
fully five lengths, the ovation he received
was second only to the one tendered Pres
dent McKinley at his inauguration. For
once the Isapoleonic frown forsook his
features and in his spasm of ecstatic joy
Marty tbe grave tossed his cap in the air
in acknowledgment of the compliment.
Tae day was pleasant and the attend
ance larger than on the opening day.
The track, though, was very heavy and
the veteran mudlarks were in demand.
Four favorites managed to win at that
and the books were a^aln mulcted of a
small portion of their bank rolls.
The second race on the card was a four
furlong scramble lor members of the two
year-old division. Colonel Dan at first
opened an 8 to 5 choice, but later receded
\o iour, and Morano, r shapely daughter
of Morello, was backed down from 2 to 1
to even money. Colonel Dan made the
running into the stretch, where he ured
perceptibly as the wire was neared, and
the first cAoice downed him easily by
over three lengths in 53 seconds. The
Colonel should about win next time out.
The next event was a "dog" affair, ove*r
six furlongs, with Colonel Wneeler ruling
a 9 to 20 choice around post time. The
Colonel took the lead soon after the start,
and looked to have the race up his sleeve,
when Mrs. Shade came fas! and Jones was
compelled to ride the favorite hard to win
by a head. Koselle finished third.
A mile purse affair, with the weights
lowered 10 pounds below the scale, just
fitted Aquinas with 85 pounds up. Barney
Sctireiber's gelding opened in the betting
at Ito 3 and closed Ito 4. He waited on
Dun boy and Logan until well into the
stretch, where Clawson gave him his
hsad and he won hands down. Dunboy
looked to have the place secure at tbe
paddock, when he tired badly and was led
cut by the heavily played Logan.
About the hottest one tossed up the
board during the afternoon was St. Dis
taff, from Sam Hildreth's stable, a three
year-old colt by St. George. He was one
of six starters in the fifth event at seven
furlongs along with five other cheap
platers. Opening up at 7 to 5, he was
quickly hammered down to 4 to 5 and
evens. Adam Andrew, which opened up
at 7to 5, went back until the ring was
yelling out 4to 1. If it was surmised the
colt was a dead one, he proved very much
alive. Tafcine the lead after three fur
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Tuesday, March 9. Fifty-third Day
of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track heavy.
I• ' I
_ _t_-
_____
-*!_*
10
11
6h
1 3
12 2
7h
9
8
13
4 3
14 -
54
%
_____
33
2h
6Va
4 3
71
12
8
9
10
11
12
t> 4
14
13
Str.
23
34
7
-?»
4 1
_*
9
8
12
13
10 ,
14
11
Benin;.
)p. Cl .
673
566
672
635
647
566
404
464
Index.
Pecksniff. 6 11.1
Iron Jacke . 6. 110
Monterev, 6 '.Il**
Miss Ban, 4 107
Franco, 4 ......106
Bourbon. 4 .106
Abl I', a..... 112
Bapido, 5 110
K. H. J-herley,a..ll3
KlTirauo, 5. .....110
Cymbal. 6 110
Expense, 6.. 110
Mojave, 4 109
r-v-ntfde, 4 104
Horse, age, weight
St
,1
3
11
6
10
2
12
18
8
9
14
5
7
4
V 4
_____
16
2 2
8 1/,
43
6%
6
7
8
9
10
11
1.
13
14
Bergen
G. Wi150n.......
Ame5..:....:....
80zeman.. ......
Spencer.
J. Shield".
H. shle ds
8r0ck....
snl ier.....
Jb'rnwlev.... ....
5teve05....;....
Hennessy
T. Williams....
K. Isom
Jockey.
3
8
So
10
6
6
3
15
8
15
30
8
40
6
3
15
60
. 15
7
8
6
60
20
30
100
10
100
6
"■-B*3'
630
■"'647'
67 6
Good start.
1:15%.
Won easily. Winner, Bergen's b. _ by Imp. Mr. Plckwlck-Henlopen. Time,
OOQ SECOND RACK— HaIf aml c; selling;
Horse, weight
%
_____
3h
2 3
5 4
lh
4h
7 6
66
«
I Betting-.
I Op. "v. CI.
636
Morana 101
Col. 8an....:. ....10-
Ksplrando 102
Valencienne 99
San Dnrango 112
Morula 102
On Gua Nit a 99
Oleander. 10-
-6
1
8
2
4
7
5
8
8-*
1 h
4h
23
5
6
7
8
i.
18
21%
lit
6 3
66
7 16
8
H. Martin
Jones
PI-KOit
Reldy.
11. shields......
Ki1ey......
Isom
5pencer.........
8-5
a
10
10
20
40
A
20
1
3
16
8
20
60
4
30
'"646
636
I
.......
........
Good start. Won easily. . Win ncr,- W. G. Sylvester's b. f., by MoreUo-TemescaL *Tin.c, :53.
CiflQ THIRD RACK— Three-quarters of a mile; tarse $350.
Index.
(6-9)
493
661
f>72
656
t>4o
630
513
648
571
670
Horse, age, weight
\—i—
— — -
Fin.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
CoL Wheeler, 3... 99
Mrs. Shade, 3.... 94
Ko elle, 3 ........ 99
Jack .Martin, 4... 95
Knclno, 4....... . 98
oodchopp.r, a. . 1 1 3
Whltestone, a. 113
Isabelle, 4. .......106
Tar an J Tartar, a. 9*
Heartsease, 4 105
Apto, 3........... 94
2
10
11
&
3
6
H
7
4
. 9
1
• 21
3 2
lh
73
4h
51
11
6 Va
BVa
10 3
81
1%
3 3
21
41
71
61
8 1
6 1
'91
10
11
1 3
3 1
2 3
47
63
73
8
1 64
9
10
11
1 h
24
3 - ,
4 6
6 l-
-6 2 '
72 "•:
81
9 2
10 6 '
11'
.tones.
Clawson.:
K. 150 m.........
Stevens
slaughter
H. Shields......
11. Martin ......
Snider.
spencer
Pigsott.:.
J. W001*. ......
1-2
15
15
40
6
10 :
10
60
l'l
20
40
1-2
15
25
100
6
■ 25
20
100
26
30
50
C*nf\ FOURTH BACK— One
Index.
823
6.9
660
659
Horse, age, weight,
st.
4
Fin.
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
Aquinas, 3.. ......
I.ogun, a
Dunboy, 8.. ......
Basqifll, 3. ....
4
8
1
2
31
9 2
lh
4
36
lh
»1%;
4
38
2V 3
1 n.
4 .
3 5
2%
IVs
.6*
3 12
4
«jiawson
J. Shields.......
Thompson......
R-150iu. ........
1-3
10
3
15
1-4
20
■-.--. 4
26
■ Perfect start. , Won handily. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. g., by Belvedere-Legacy. Time, 1:50.
* Goodstart. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Watcrhouse's eh. c., by imp. Midlothian-Agnes. Time,
1:21.
/• *7"| FIFTH RACE— Seven-eighths of a mile; purse $350.
Horse, ase, weight
St
»/-
-659
647
641
. 661
614
Adam Andrew. 3. ll 'J
! Tulare, 3.. ........1041
I St. Distaff, 3 .....107
A.tlcus, 3...... 106
Moreno, 3 ...:.:.. 102
| Jar Wheeler. 3.. .104
2
4
6
3
1
6
4 2
1 h
31
5 1
2*/_
6-^
3h
'.Ml
lh
5 1
48
6
11%
4 6
2 i _
65
33
6
13
4 10
2 h
56
32
6
12
2%
38
46
6 1
6 '
Clawson ........
J0ne5:......;;..:
H. Martin ......
snider...-
5pencer.........
XT.-*..—
7-5'
6
7-5
6 .,' .
20:
50 |
3
6
4-6
;.*■ 6
40
..' 160
|Hayden;..;;;;:.
Ti Good start. Won -? and v , Winner, Atkln <_ Lottrldges b. c, by imp. Sir Modred-Fedalma.
Time, l :35*54.
li^') SIXTH BACK— Three-quarters of a rule; purse $350.
Index.
es7
649
487
653
671
655
43.
Mainstay, 6....;:. 10
Sallle Clicquot, 4. 8!
senator Grady, 8.10.
Polxotto, 4........ 91
Howard, 6........ 91
Blue Bell, t5........ 9(
•sea Spray.' 6 ;..-...; 9
Horse, age, weight.
3
2
6
4
7
1
6
V*
32
2 IV.
. 5 -«.
■ 1 li"
6li
42
.7?
33
_ 2
5 2
lh
7 ",
41
6%
%
••Str.,-.
84
1 h
5 2
'.. '
■ 7, ■■-.
-• 43
62 r
Fin. ,
12
2 4
3h
4 6
5 6
66
7 .
Betting.
' Jockey. On. :, cl.
Pigg0tt......... 4 13-5
slaughter.: 1-' 1'
Th0rpe..... ...: * 3 *;"••'■ V
J0ne5...;;.....;.- 7-2
.Ml c hell .;..... 30 . '60
J. W00d5........ 50 100
K. 1a0m.. ....... 20 30
Good start. Won
1:19*&
H.C.
eh. b.,
%
longs had been traveled he won very
cleverly by a couple of lengths in 1:35%.
The "good thing" was beaten out hali a
length for the piace by Tulare, ridden by
Jones.
As on the preceding day Green Morris
furnished another warm favorite for the
final race on the card, a six-furlong sprint,
in Bailie Clicquot, which was extensively
supported at the snort price of 6 to 5.
The wise ones fancied Mainstay with 101
pounds up, and he carried a deal of coin
on his chances, the layers of odds giving
as eood as 5 to 1 against the big chestnut.
To Peixotto can perhaps be attributed the
downfall of the favorite. The pair raced
at a merry clip to the stretch, where Pig
gottsent Mainstay along and, soon taking
the lead, passed the judges a couple of
leneths clear of the Morris entry. Thorpe
got up with Senator Grady nearing tne
wire, and secured the short end of the
purse.
ENTRIES.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
6iO Maj 1 ludd 105 i 385 Ingleßide 102
495 Foitunaie 105 560 Cogent 105
68J Lena... 100 1 680 Defender 106
430 Seven Up. ... 102 D vasiation ...105
641 Flamberuette 105 377 Fanuy S 100
.... Llttie bister.... 105 417 Ked iork 100
666 Laiah 105
Second race, half mile, two-year-olds.
620 RoxeyMurpby 101; 6^o Thorne 106
.... Truth lOSi 636 Kxtenipore 103
(66U)Hermoso 11l 636 Old Jnok 98
620 TneCheat Hi .... Los Prietos 103
63b Little Trilby. ..lo3
Third race, one mile, selling.
619 Applause 991 669 Babe Murphy.. 89
(6i»9) Benamela 103 (577) Walter J 100
650 Lobengula 104 l64B)San Marco lUO
Kal Moi 106( 65^ Miss Ruth 99
(143)51r Pullip 100j(433)Nic Nac 95
Fourth race, seven-eighths of a mile, the Pied
mont handicap, value $1000.
(643) Howard S U9'(3B6)Candelari» 115
(654)Uocd Times. ...llß .... Hohen7,oliem...lo6
656 Lincolnll iOB 630 Instigator 100
664 Casper. I»l i(66s)Double Quick.. ll7
670 Aquinas 118 573 Una Colorado.. 95
6 6 I'aioniHCita 100 131 Hallelijan 85
643 Yankeet»oodle.l'J3 678 Peril 100
664 Salvation 1251 (540)Californta 118
612 Tempestuous.. 85 j 3u3 Hardtack 105
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
661 Siegfried 102 i 568 Kienil 110
6.9 Mercuilo 110!(6H5)Queen Nubia... lUS
661 Al.iuirru 100 647 Lady Hnrst 106
669 Koselle 107 131 Hallelujah 100
537 Lupula. 100 575 *eu. Morgan.... 107
6ril Torpedo 110 590 Chnppie 105
671 An. Andrew.. ..los 680 fczeitiel 110
(637) Woodland Deil.los
Jslxth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
640 Woodehopper..ll3! 665 Ike L 113
422 Don Pio Pico... 107! 6 6 Artist 118
b96 Sir Reginald. ...llo 617 Ed?emount ....107
616 Cantor 108 645 Mlrilo 107
624 Dennis ...110 649 Miss Koss )0->
625 O'Kleeta 110 bits azard 107
498 Fortuna 108 666 Red Will 113
6t>9 Jack Richelieu. 113
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Defender, Fortunate, Co
gent.
Second race — Hermoio, The Cheat,
Roxey Murphy.
Third race— Benamela, Babe Murphy,
I.oboii jjula.
Fourth race— Good Times, Aquinas,
Casper.
Fifth race— K'enrl, Woodland Belle,
Torpedo.
Sixth race — Mldlo, Candor, Fortuna.
CONVICTED 01 VAGRANCY.
Zenai T. Jamlioo, a Bartender, Will
Likely Get Six Months.
Zsnas T. Jamison, a bartender, was con
victed by Judge Campbell yesterday on
the charge of vagrancy and will be sen
tenced this morning.
Jamison was arrested by Policeman W.
Coleman last Sunday in the B.inic Ex
change Saloon, 143 Taylor street. Amelia
Gabriel, a girl 15 years of ago, was with
him and she was under the influence of
liquor. Amelia and hrr elder sister hart
been rooming in the Denver House, 25
Turk street, where Jamison met her. They
are daughters of respectable parents liv
ing on Jones street. Amelia was sent to
tne Magdalen Asylum.
Tehama- Street Burglar*.
William Warden and Charles Harper were
yesterday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan on two charges of
burglary in $2000 bonds each on each charge.
Mattie Frawley, a lence, -was held in $2000
bonds o:i the charge of receiving stolen goods.
The men are said to belong to an organised
gang of burglars which has been raising
trouble on Tuhama Bireet.
Grand Jury Still at It.
The Grand Jury yesterday continued its in
vestigation into the Cooney vs. Fair case, hear
ing the testimony that has been heard in
court egaln and again and before notaries in
the taking of depositions. Attorneys Wheeler
and Mitchell, Valet Clnrk and Mayor Phelan
gave testimony that has been already printed
several times. The case will come before the
jury next Friday again.
FISK'S DEAD HAND
ON THE DOLLARS
Even From His Grave
Ha Controls His Big
Fortune.
Children by ihs First Marriage
Cut Off With Very Small
Legacies.
As the Estate Is Worth About Half
a Million, a Will Contest Is
Probable.
The will of the late Asa Fisk has been
filed for probate and it is something of a
curiosity, as was to be expected. The
original will comprises twenty-five pages
of ciosely written matter, and there are
two codicils of four pages each.
Throughout the document is manifested
the natural solicitude of the testator for
the ultimate conservation of his dollars, to
the accumulation of which he devoted so
many anxious years.
In the first draft of the will Fisk de
manded th:it the executors should give
bonds iii the sum of $10,000 for the faithful
discharge of their duties, but a subsequent
codicil provides for the abrogation of this
condition, and asks that they be allowed
to 3erve without bonds.
That part pf the property belonging to
the deceased which is situated in the State
of Massachusetts is estimated to Da worth
about $50,000, and $15,000 of this is to be
distributed among the three children by
his first wife. Tho residuary legatees are
Mrs. Lydia FisK, widow of the decedent,
and their children, Arthur G. FisJt and
Mr?. Flora E. Wertheimer (nee Fisk),
share and share alike. Mrs. Fisk and Ar
tnur G. Fisk are named as executors,
without bonds, but they are compelled to
deposit the tunds of the estate in bank
whenever they hare more than $20 on
hand.
Minute instructions are given for the
management of the different properties,
irom the painting of houses and fences in
Boston to the paying of premiums on life
insurance policies in San Francisco. A
touch ol comedy is here inserted, when
the testator provides that said premiums
shall be paid from rents received from real
estate in Massachusetts; ar.d if that is not
sufficient, then the executors may borrow
money to pay the same "at a reasonable
rate of interest," which he suggests ought
not to exceed sor 6 per cent a year. The
laugh will come in when those who used
io pay him 5 per cent a month read this
interpretation of his opinion in regard to
a reasonable rate of interest.
Fisk saw so much sorrow caused by by
pothecating claims and expectancies in
the way of monetary transactions that he
gave strict orders against his children do
ing anything of the kind.
A great many siories were in circulation
yesterday about people bjing disappointed
because they were not remembered in ihe
will. It was reported that one old lady in
particular was promised pay for frequent
kindnesses in this way, but her name was
not in the list of beneficiaries. In fact
there is no mention of any person outside
of Fisk's immediate family.
A characteristic provision is inserted
when the depd man requires that his son
shall pay back to his estate, orgive a bond
for the payment of $1500, before he gets
any part of his legacy. This amount of
$1500, it is explained, "was advanced to the
son In days of his adversity, which must
be paid to the executors ot the estate ''to
gether with a small rate of interest
ttiereon."
It is evident that Fbk was not willing
to trust the usual provisions of the law
for the safeguarding of nis precious coin,
for he inserted the lollowing:
I hereby direct that all money collected by
my executors or either ot tnem shall be held
In deposit, and when the sum collected shall
exceed $20 It shall be immediately deposited
in the C'roeker-Woolworth Bank, and that all
claims against my estate before being paid
shall be approved in writing by both of my
executors and allowed by the Probate Court,
and that all money drawn out of the bank for
any purpose must be on the joint signatures
of my executors; and I further direct that a
correct account in writing of all receipts and
disbursements, showing to whom all moneys
wcro paid, the date oi payment and for what
paid, shall be kept by my executorsjuntil the
final settlement and distribution of my estate.
Lyraan B. Fisk, who, with pardonable
pride, is mentioned as "my nephew, now
or formerly connected with Harvard Uni
versity in Cambridge," is constituted ex
ecutor of tne wilt in regard to the prop
erty in Massachusetts.
The beneficiaries under the will are as
follows: Asa W. Fisk, Denver; Thomas H.
Fisk, Alnmeda; Mrs. Pamela M. Hollis
(nee Fisk). Newion, Mass., $5000 each.
The residuary legatees are Mrs. Lydia B.
Fisk, Arthur G. Fisk and Mrs. Flora
E. Wertheimer, all of San Francisco.
The will was executed on tne 14th of
November, 1895, and the codicils were
made on the 23d and 25th of last January.
The petition for the probate is signed by
Attorneys M. M. Estee and A. G. Fisk.
the latter being the son of ttie testator and
executor of the will. The petition states
that the estate is of the probable value of
$250,000, but those competent to judge be
iieve that it will come nearer $500,000.
There is a provision in the wiil that any
one named as a legatee who shall offer to
• ontest the will shall be cutoff with only
$5, and that the money otherwise devised
us a legacy to such person shall be divided
among the other heirs. Notwithstanding
this interdiction it is believed that there
will be a contest on the Dart of the chil
dren of the first marriage who are allowed
so s!im a portion of the estate. Even be
fore the presentation of the will legal
notices of app?arance on behalf of the
children of the first marriage were in the
hands of lawyers in this City and were
filed by Attorney Joseph McKinley with
County Clerk Curry immediately alter the
will had been recorded.
The first steps in the matter of probat
ing the instrument will oe taken in Judge
Coffey's court on the 23d inst.
THIED STfiEET NOW.
The Merchants Will Celebrate Their
Victory This Kveuing.
The executive committee of the Third
street Improvement Clvb — B. Ratchinski,
B. Jacobs, C. Attell, J. Lemlie, R. B. Cole,
A. Backer and J. H. Elliott— held a meet
ing at Beckers Hall, 14 Third street, Mon
day night, and reported that the final ar
rangements had been completed for the
celebration this evening.
This event is looked to as of great im
portance to not only tha men doing
business on this street, but also to the
property-owners and residents, the former
particularly, as they liberally subscribed
not only to the light fund, bat also to the
celebration.
There will be music, bonfires and a dis
play of calcium lights alocg the street
from Market to Harrison.
The fronts of the stores and dwellincs
will be adorned with red, white and blue
bunting. Japanese lanterns and oiher at
tractive aigns.all intended toimpress ut>on
the people that Third etreet ia "in it to
stay" and to compete with all others for
its share of business.
After the close of the street celebration
the executive committee will entertain
their many friends in Beckers Hall,
where congratulations will be exchanged
and good fellowship will prevail ai
round. , .±
The following are the names of those
who contributed to the celebration:
B. Jacobs, C. Attell, J. Felz, B. Soloman, G.
B. Cordana & Co., Schwartz & Goodman,
Montgomery & Co.. J. Basbik, H. Voll, Meril <fc
Domonico, G. Muntlard, G. Michael, J- Levy, T.
B. Hulling, H. Uerkin, Lillienthal & Co., J.
Glazer, J. Fisher. J. C. Jonneon, \. Uimas, P.
Dover, WanameckerA Co., L. iinide,
Bros., C. Didie, J. Chiopi. J. McGnffln,
H. Buttner & Co., C. Bruning. L. n*fcer,
H. Donahu?. A. Fieg, J. Jensen, T. Morish. A.
Schwartz, Mr. Barbori, K. McCnnn, J. Later
California Ailsign Company, W. 8. Hugaes,
B. Milani, S. Brown, A. A. Lisker, J. Fil.ip. «.
Stuliz, N. Davis, Dicline & Helm, Mr. WlTer
man. Great AmTican Tea Company, v. L.
Leonides, C. Kobovich, Mr. Taylor. L. Monsh
& Co., Empire Glove Company, Wiuchester
Clothing Company, Eliiot Bros., Mr. Prest.H.
Newman, Coachman, G.Stead.Freeaman & Co.,
M. Grule, Mr. Ramm, \V. C. Haynes. S. Freed,
Mrs. Cratlge, M. Jansen, A. Eggert, L. Lamott.
K. Swanson, A. Davis, Dr. Kottatiti, J. H.
Nolan, J. D. Miller, G. Jauvedier, A. Becker,
C. Bender, B. Katchinski, M. Cresalia, S.
Peckerman, M. Milas, Mrs. Gaiennisher, Mr.
Leathers, Kagle Shoe Company, N. Nobies,
W. S. Aenzel, Mr. S*nols, A. Colnman, H. Abra
hams, H. Best, A. Huter & Co., U. H. Sa.bon,
United States Laundry, Mr. Wins, Mr. Healey,
L. Jones, M. Zaropmoz, F. DeilinK, J. J. Ma
honey, Mr. Mahr, Pein Bros., A. N. Tubelzkey,
Siebe & Green, A. Hoffmann, A. Huber <fc Co.
JEFFRIES VS. VAN BUSKIRK
The Bis; Unary- Weights Will Fight in
This City in a Few
Weeks>
Tom McDonald, the manager and backer
of J. Jeffries, the big heavy-weight pugil
ist, who is now boxing with Corbett in
Carson, is authority for the statement
that Jeffries is matched to fight Van Bus
kirk fifteen rounds in the latter part of
this month. The contest will take place
in this City.
Thompson, tha colored pugilist of Salt
Lake, is also matched to ii^ht Lon Ag
news at catch- weights. E. Morrison of
Portland, Or., will engage in a passage-at
arms with Sam Maxwell. They have
agreed to fight eight rounds and weigh in
at 130 pounds.
DURRANT SHUDDERED NOT
A Pleasant Visit From the Two
Sea Captains Who Know
Butler B)st
Captain Fras?r of the Swanhilda and
Captain Petrie of the Olivebank
Cordially Received.
Durrant had a delightful and romantic
little chat at his cell wicket yesterday aft
ernoon with Captain Fraser, who brought
Butler hither on the Swanhilda, and with
Captain Petrie, who had an experience
with Butler when he was Richard Ashe
on the shiD Olivebank.
The two curious sea captains seemed
thus to establish an appropriate though
distant connection between two of the
most famous shedders of human blood
thai the age lias produced.
Durrant did not do the proper thing
when he was suddenly and unexpectedly
introduced to Captain Fraser of the Swan
hilda. He should at least nave paled
visibly or grown sullen at thus fronting
the wild story of Butler's crime, but he
didn't. He was pleasant as you please
and seemed to enjoy the visit tnat was
prompted by the antipodean crimes of
anoiher arch-murderer.
Captain Fraser and Captain Petrie knew
wel 1 , of course, the story of Durrant,
though they rained it thousands of miles
away, and the deep interest they had
acquired in Butler through their personal
relations with him aroused a correspond
ing interest in seeing Durrani. Their
friend John McCartny, the wholesale cof
fee merchant, arranged to satisfy their
curiosity and piloted them to the jail,
where they were courteously shown to
Durrant's cell.
"I would have known you by your
picture in tne papers," said Durrant, with
a ready and self-possessed smile, and tho
gentlemanly Captain Fraser told Durrant
that he looked just as he did in the
papers.
T :is brought up the fruitful topic of the
press and its liberties, and this was the
mam topic of conversation with Captain
Fraser that ensued, though there was
nothing further that was complimentary
said. Durrant naturally has strong con
victions about newspapers, and he ex
pressed them.
The visitors did not introduce the sub
ject of Butler except in a very incidental
way and Durrant. did not intrude it. The
sea captains who had studied Butler well
studied Durrant's lineaments and didn't
find anything fiendish there. The brief
commonplace conversation was followed
by a cordial "good-day."
Captain Fraser will sail in about three
weeks, and when he and Capiain Petrie
strike Australia again they "will tell of
their visit to Durrant and thereby become
much more interesting than mariners
who never knew but one great murderer.
But Butler is notning to Theodore
Durrant, lor a man who would kill
for a few br.nk notes is perhaps as strange
a creature to him as to others, and Butler
is not curious about Theodore, as far as
anybody knows.
Crusade for Pure Fuod.
A conference took place at the rooms of the
Board of Health yesterday afternoon, which
was attended by Dr. Morse. Dr. Washington
Dodge and Chief Inspector Dockery in refer
ence to the inspection of food for public insti
tutions. It is proposed to provide tags to be
attached to all food for the institutions after
it has been Inspected. Chalk and water have
been discovered in milk furnished to the
County Hospital.
N. P. Olson was arrested yesterday by Officer
Buttcrworth, charged with selling impure
honey at the Emporium.
Hit With a Beerelass.
William Murphy, a laborer, got mixed up In
a fight in a saloon near the Inglesido Race
track last night. Some one threw a beerzlass
at him, which struck him on the forehead
cutting it open. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital, where the wound was stitched
and dressed.
NEW TO-DAY. •
i EH ARGONAUT
J^^^»k IJI/LJI?l^[V
pll WHISKEY
l^Sli Five Years
h|^iiiyri;«l3l Bottling".
P^^^gjgi & MARTIN
Li mrin I 111
j^^nH 411 Market St.
NEW TO-DAT. .
PROBATE SALE REAL ESTATE.
ESTATE OF JULIA'HORRISON.* DECEASED,
AT AUCTION.
THIS DAY,
Wednesday i. March 10, 1897t
At 12 clock m. a; the salesroom of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
£00-634 SACRAMENTO ST., NORTH SIDE,
DC A 137:6 ft. east of Kearny, east 34:ty 3 x
119:6, through to Commercial, with improve-
ments tftereon. consUliiii; of a 3-stor»* and baso-
meDt brick bulidln^ renting for $210 .per month.
QIA VALENCIA ST., W. SIDE, 105 SOUTH
t/XV/of 'JOth, lot 33x110 it; improvements
thereon, 3-story frame building renting. for $100
per montn. This property has a great future aai
will enhance in value.
TOT ON NORTH SlDfcToF LOMBARD ST.,
:\J 137:6 feet east of Buchanan, east 54x137:8
feet: thii is a hue lot to build on, having a good
view. _____
T^IIiLMORK-^T. LOT, EAST BIDK, 85 FEET
J? north of Lombard, thence north 52:6 feet
east 137:6 feet, south 137:6 feet to the nor.h side
of Lombard, thence west -.'7:6 feet on l.ombari,
tnence north 85 feet, west 110 feet to east side of
t'Ulmore. , s
RF.KNWICII ■ ST. LOT. SOUTH SIDE,
VT 152:5 6-1 6 feet west of Buchanan, west 122 :7 x
120 feet through to'Pixlcy.sU; tuis lot is ready to
build on and finely located.
V^HESTNTJT-ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDE. 137:6
\J feet east of Laguna; size 68:9x137:6 feet; 1-16
interest. fffl'iffi
BEENWICH-ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDE, 162:8
vJT feet west of Googh St., west 75 by 110 feet.
T AGUNA-ST. LOT, BEING THE NORTH-
JU west corner of Lombard St., size 30x110 feet;
one-sixteenth Interest.
ALSO IN AND TO AN UNDIVIDED INTER-
-A. est held by tee above estate in a certain tract
of land situated in the City and County of Sa.i
Francisco and known as the f.ickett claim.
All sales subject to confirmation of
Probate Court.
BOVEE, TOY 4 SONNTAO.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
/>CT^pCA|CERS
WuMflSwf In CO page book free with
BMMBBBfIWttJfI home testimonials of many
BgMiyflW^ra^^ Wonderful Cures -worst
_^_^^Cs^^i^H-nB--i i_r &nd Men's Lips,
Send to Someone with Cancer
• ■ ■
h. A. Bertelln?. l'res. B. Nordman. Vioe-Pra»
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Kordman, Treak
Il9ml !3 n I I^M^^ 1 1 1 mnlPr 1 1 ffl r-5
(Formerly 427 Rcarny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET
DR.MCNULTY.
ri-'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OM»
-1. opecLilistcijTM l'rivate,Nervous,Bloodnnd Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. I'atleiits
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dally ; 6::» to s.:«p V Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultn-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSt'OK JIoSTLTT, M. !>.,
26V Kcarny Street, Nan Francisco. Cal.
| : s&%\
• GREAT i
i "% c\# i
1 OP THE ACE !
A FAMILY 111
| ; Which is an external and internal •
I , remedy without an equal. . 2
• MOT 1 HEW PREPARATION. BUT ORE |
I THAI HAS STOOD THE TtSI OF OVER 5.
j; , A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. ?
<> — p
j; Thousands of persons all |
j; over the United States j;
j; gratefnlly praise Dr. Mar- j;
j] tin's Pain Curer and are j.
j ; never without it. ♦
n. of^im:
< • The Curer Is free from all !n]urlom <►
■ ; and poisonous properties, and is en- ' •
{ I tlrely vegetable in its composition. It J j
< ' tones up and strengthens the system, < ►
' ; purifies the blood, expels bad matter ' '
) | from the organs of the body generally, ( (
J ' promotes digestion, regulates theappe- * .
' , tite and secures a healthy state of the ' [
i I system and its various functions. Taken ( (
y occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦
5 it keeps the mind cheerful and happy J J
( I by promoting healthful action of the 0
* ' skin, heart, hangs, stomach, pancreas, < >
] [ bowels, ljjer, kidneys, bladder, spleen, ]| j
< ) spinal coßuin, and the whole . nervous (^
<J system. It is also especially always <> 4
T WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled •
I FORTHEPRE¥ESTIONRH)6HRE i
( I -OF— ( )
J \ Kheamatlitn, Neuralgia, Pains in £
< i General, Bowel Com plaints, I>ys- «
' ' pepsin, Dysentery, Cholera Mar* 9
I | bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat/ %
< ' Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nerrons &
' ' Complaints, Disease of the Stom- i I
\ j ach and Bowels Generally, Liver %
< ' Complaints,' Kidney Complaints, ' #
|| Sciatica, liumbago, Colds, Coughs, 9
( I Local and General Debility, Head- S
< ' ache, Earache, Toothache, Sick- A
< ; ness in Stomach. Backache^ Barns, 9
\ I Swellings, Boils, Sores, . Ulcers, §
4 ' Colio, Cramps, Sprains, r raises, ♦
I ' ; Scalds, "Wounds, CostiTeness, In- 0
: ( I digestion, Skin Diseases, Excel- X
*. ' sive Itching* and many other * >
, , . complaints too numerous to name ' *
< I here. In a word, the great Pain Q
*. ' Curer of the Age is an unequaled *>
i , family remedy. *"'
j ; Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, S
( | L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for 1.
a ; the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. ™
* For tale by all druggists. The trade ' 2
S supplied by Redington A Co., . Mack X
& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San a
O Francisco. ... q
!♦• ♦•♦•♦ v*9 ♦©♦O ♦«♦« ♦•♦€
SSJ^^f "JT™"? 1 '«*««* '««« the natlW drop ■ Con.
:«^irffie^^
aojromltaig ; no costivciwt-a , no headaclie^AU Dru""., a!
I •'^'"^''''■'■'■■■■■■■■■■■'■■iSMai^aßfc.Bw-^BrTißiiiHiSUPERVISORS DID HOI INSIST
ON ADVERTISING DETAILS
The Water Company's Attorney Gave Acceptable
Reasons Why They Should Not Be
Made Public.
But There Is No Otj ction to |
Furnishing Them in Strict
. Confidence.
MAYOR PHELAN ON MUNICIPAL
OWNERSHIP.
Mr. Schussler Relates the Story ol
• the Consolidation Effected in
Sixty-Fivs.
I
The Board of Supervisors again went
into Committee of the whole last night,
with Dr. Clinton in the chair, for the pur
nose of continuing the water rates inves
tigation.
A communication v.as received from At
torney Kellogg, accompanying a detailed
statement of the taxes paid by the com
-1 any in different counties, and of the as
i^ed v.tfue of the property belonging to
Ade company, the writer asking the board
to treat the information us confidential.
The committee decided not to deal with
he foregoing at the moment but to pro
coed with the consideration of the com
pany's advertising expenses. 'v ~
Mr.. Kellogg at this point said that the
company felt some liitJe hesitancy in this
matter. It was really a question of busi
ness" competition between the various
newspapers in the City, and the company
did not wish to arouse ill-feeling among
those newspapers. The company had
vouchers to show for every dollar of the
$51,000 spent' in advertising and he felt
sure that the committee would agree on
examination that the money was well
spent. 
It could not be expected that the news
papers would publish everything the
company desired as an item of news.
Daring the past year a vicious and savage
assault was made upon the company on
the score of the water supplies to the
City, the author of this attack being a
man who had a reputation in that direc
tion. This man succeeded in frightening
the people into believing thr.t they were
drinking disease germs. Consequently the
company was forced to have an analysis
made of the water by reputable chemists.
This expense really benefited the tax
payer, because it i roved to him that he
was not incurring the risk oi contracting
disease, as these reports had led him to
suppose. The company therefore printed
these analyses in the papers and were
obliged to pay the ordinary rates for ad
vertisements treated as reading matter.
Similarly with the sales of stock. la order
to attract public attention the company
caused descriptions and illustrations of
the works to be published in the news
papers. .
If the stock had been sold at auction it
would not have realized the amount the
company managed to sell it tor in the j
V above-named mamier. The newspapers
I themselves knew very well that the com
-1 .any did not pay extravagant rate's for ad
| vertising and had, therefore, refrained
from- hostile comment on this point. Mr.
Kellogg assured the committee that the
company woulo" willingly furnish the in- 1
formation required if the members would
treat it conn entially.
Dr.' Dodge briefly expressed bis unwill
ingness to press the subject, but regretted
that the company should find itself iv
these embarrassing positions so frequently.
It was finally decided to consider these
expenditures in a general way without
entering into details.
Mr. Schussler referred to the recent at
tacks upon the water drawn from a lake,
which*," be said, v had not been used fora
year. Remonstrances proved unavailing,
I end the board were finally constrained to
call in skilled chemists to analyze the
water in question. This analysis was pub
lished in detail. Besides this, the board,
<i urine: May of last year, wished to sell
$500,000 worth of stock.
It was always profitable to allow pros
pective buyers to know the condition of
i:;e .stock, and for this purpose they bad
several articles published, but none the
less only a few shares were disposed of
and the sale fell through. -Vex; summer
the company had photographs and de
scriptions published. In all 4280 lines of
description were published in ten papers
at a cost of $4231, or close upon $1 a line.
When the next lot of stock was put on
the market, to the extent of about
15500,000,I $500,000, it was nearly all taken up.
Secretary Ames took the stand again to
explain several accounts in the detailed
statement of the company's operating ex
penses. Under the head of "city engine,
$20697 48," he stated that $9300 wa« de
voted to coal, $10,000 to wages and $1250 to
supplies."
Mr. Scnusslor explained that from 44 to
4") per cent of the total cost of pumping
was incurred for fuel, 5 per cent for sup
plies and 50 per cent tor wages.
The sum of $263,193 24 was expended
■under the head of new main construction
last year, after allowing certain credits for
\ hyufants, or in all a round sum of $298,000.
%.e main repairs included all the pipes
tiisn up together with those raised and
l<f*ered. During 1896 44,160 feet of all
kl.dsof pipe were taken up for the pur
pose of 'putting in larger mains.
This was done at the desire of the Fire
Department, in order that new hydrants
might be sit. A/ter.the pipe was laid the
ditch was - filled up and the pavement re
placed. BB££2P9K§MO . , ■
The witness entered into a detailed ex
planation of the various items under
main construction, and was again suc
ceeded by Mr. Atue<, who ms asked how
he distinguished real estate, personal
property and improvements.
Mr. Ames said that personal property
covered pipes and machinery not in use,
while improvements were part of both the
realty and machinery. ' ■:
The chairman at this juncture called
upon the committee to decide whether or
not it would acquiesce in the company s
request to refrain from making public tho
assessed value of its property, which had
already been furnished to the committee
with that stipulation attached.
The consensus of opinion being in favor
meeting the company half way .in this
particular Dr. Dodge moved Hat the
company's-report be referred for consider
ation to the Water Committee, which will
subsequently present a schedule of rates
* for acceptance by the board. The motion
was carried. 
The next question on the list was with
reference to the real property owned by
m the company, used in the supply of water,
i its original cost and present valuation.
The first part of the question having
been previously replied to, Mr. Ames was
a»ke<i if he could furnish an estimate of
i.'QBU original cost. .'■-■:,-
V^lHe said that this was not obtainable.
Mgreat de;>l of property was taken over
Irom the old company, and the criminal
price was not known. The consolidation
of the two companies was made by the
exchange of shares and not by placing
any known valuation upon properties.
Supervisor Smith contended that the
property must be held at some figure, and
that the company should possess a record
of the property acquired from the old j
San Francisco Water Company. No pru
dent business man would consolidate
without some basis upon which to do so
ami to issue stock.
Air. Ames said tnat the basis of the old
company's valuation was capital stock.
Mr. Scu ussier here volunteered to state
the facts of the consolidation as he under
stood them.
There were formerly two water com
panies in existence— the one, the old San
Francisco (or Bensley) Water Company,
and the other the Spring Valley Water
Works Company. The former had thirty
or forty miles of pipe in the City; an
aqueduct from Lobos Creek to North
Beach; a large pumping station and a
reservoir on Ocean Hill. The Spring
Valley Waterworks had several thousand
acres of land in San Mateo Count}' and
some valuable springs.
They had also constructed a pipe line
into the City two miles in length and a
reservoir near the Almsbmise for a little
over $400,000. Many miles of pipe were
also laid in the stre'eis of the City. The
1 Bensiev Company, finding that the Spring
Valley" WaMur Works enjoyed a br ghter
future owing to the Jact that they owned
better springs and watersheds, a consol
idation was effected in 1860-
The two companies wnen consolidated
were incorporate-l for $6,000,000, b'o,ooo
i shares at $100 each. Business was very
i slacfc at the time this was effected. The
company encountered a great deal of op
position iroin legislative action and sev
i eral newspapers. A depression in the
i stock lesulted which lell as low ai $50 and
This depression led many people to te
-1 lieve that the sharesat this time were only
worth $3,000,000. but they were actually
I wortii more, because the company pos
sessed the basis of future development.
The City had employed experts to dis
cover the original cost, and ne believed
that these report? were on tile. With re
i gard to the value of the land the company
! had already given the committee some of
j the most important purchases made
! within the last ten years; as for example
j the Calaveras and Alameda Creek water
; rights, the Lake Merced watershed, etc.
Supervisor Smith wanted to know
whether the company placed any valua
tion on the real estate they had pur- !
| chased.
Mr. Behasslei said that the water was
I the most valuable portion of the real
I estate. Real estate, improvements and
i the water were placed at a certain figure,
I and tiiese three were included in the con
| jolidation. Supervisor Smith could easily
| find out the valuation by referring to the
| Assessor's accounts.
•We are nere to find out," observed
] Supervisor Smith, dryly.
"That's right., quite right," responded
! Mr. Schussl.er, ciieuihili.v.
Dr. llottunzi t>ut a number of questions
' having for tneir object the determination
| of the company's method of computing its
capital to-day. "Suppose," as'se I he,
i "upon au investment of $10,000,000 you
' paid 4 per cent instead of »> per oent, would
, you add the diffe.ence of $200,000 to the
capital invested?'
Mr. Ames said that interest was not
! adued. It 5000 shares were sold ihe capital
i stock would be increased to $.500,000.
' Xuen." rejoined Rottanxi, "your method
1 of computing to-day is difteieut ;rom what
it was formerly ?"'
"That." said Mr. Ames, "I cannot tell
you." The dividend?, he added, were de
clared by the trustees f com time to time
ana hud nothing to do with the capital
siock. Mr. Ames, replying to the Muv-or,
; said that the stock had' recently declined
;as low as 92 and 93 and possibly lower. It
\ was selling now ai bS.
'•The stock, then,' remarked the Mayor.
I "soon recovered. It is very elastic. If it
; were permanently guaranteed 5 per cent
{ do you tnniK it would sell at the same
price as to-day?"
"I suppose that if the stock was guaran
i teed for teu or fifteen years it should be
par stcck."
Mr. t-chussler interposed to say that this
i could be depended on if the Supreme
j Court would speeily a reasonable rate of
i interest instead of leaving the matter in
! the hands of the Board of Supervisors.
"You could appeal from the board,"
| said the Mayor, ''and get your reasonable
| rate."
Mr. Scaussler insisted that the contin
ual necessity of appealing to the Supreme
Court would worK great hardship.
The Mayor asked Mr, Ames if, in the
event of ihe City desiring to purchase the
| works, the company would expect to re
j cent- not only tne present vaue as cora
! puted by competent experts but the ac
: cumulated interest as well.
Mr. Ames said the interest was deducted
I every year. Everybody sought to realize
i some profit on investments. Supposing
| tnrouga some accident the interest fell
temporarily from 6 to 2 per cent, then it
womd only be fail to make an addition oi
4 per cent.
ihe cnairnian reverted to the original
'< question as to whether the company could
i g ye the committee an idea of the present
I value of tne company's property.
Mr. Schussler regarded the present stock
and bond valuation of $23,000,000 as en tireiy
j insufficient, for the reason that it would
I cost more than that to construct similarly
I equipped works of the same capacity and
possessing the same facilities for iuture
increase. All property had increased in
value since the company's early purchases,
as was shown by the fact that tuey had
often had to pay $1000 for- land which they
could have formerly purchased for $100.
"If the City constructed works and
brought water from other sources," asked
the Mayor, "what could you sell water
for?"
Mr. Schussler replied that the company
could sell water more cheaply than the
City.
"But, :> the Mayor pointea out, "the
City would not be in it to make a profit."
Mr. Schussler rejoined that all cities
were in for profit.
•Suppose we cut rates one-half. You
I could not afford lo follow?"
"We would have to dispense with ex
pensive items, such as pumps, etc. 1 don't
think the City wouid agreu to force water
400 leet high as we do now. That is the
luxury we throw iti besides the water."
"If you gave up your business wiiat is
ihe value of your land, meters, pipes,
buildings, etc?"
"That's such a wonderful question lam
not prepared to answer it. We are not
going otu of business. ' New YorK, said
the witness, made the householder pay
water tax, which when taken into con
sideration raised the real rate consider
ably.
Tne Mayor suggested the possibility of
the City introducing water from ihe
S.errcs. " Wouldn't that reduce your
rates?" he asked.
"No," replied Mr. Scbuasler, "for the
simple reason that you can no c do any
thing oi the kind. What's the good "of
putting a hypothetical case?" The Castro
Lake water, he said, wasn't fit to drink,
and if the City tried to get water from
LaKe Tahoe the Nevaua people would say
something. ,
The Mayor continued in his vein of
playiul badinage, conjuring up a vision of
shareholders smitten by paresis and com
pelled to go cut of business. In such a
case they might refuse to sell water; the
property would then be sold by the Public
Administrator. Uow mucii wouid it
brinu?
"Well," replied Mr. Schussler, "suppose
you were in the middle of the Sahara
desert and had no water to drink, what
would you do? 1 hold that the proper
way to get at the value of our property is
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
JUDGE MORROW TO LECTURE.
The members of Columbia Council No. 55, Young Men's Institute, are working
faithfully to make their lecture at the Metropolitan Temple to-morrow evening a
grand success. Hon. W. W. Morrow will lecture on ''The Federal Government," and
no more entertaining speaker could have been secured, as his pa^t experience and
present t osition aptly fit him for bis subject. In connection with the lecture there
will be given a series of beautiful stereopticon views of the city of "Washington, under
the management of J. W. Erwin, Chief Inspector of the Postal Department of this
City. The tickets of admission are complimentary, no admission being charged, and
can be secured Irom any of the members of Columbia Council, at the grand secretary's
room, Parrott building, at Groom it Hagan's, under Baldwin Hotel, from J. Sheeban,
with Roos Bros., or from W. J. Ahem, with Philadelphia Shoe Company.
to estimate how much it would cost to
bring the same amount of water to the
City at the same pressure, with the same
facilities for future increase."
The committee concluded the evening's
inquiry by a long discussion concerning
the company's pumping stations, the cost
of maintaining same, etc.. and adjourned
the investigation until Friday evening,
when J. S. Emery, tne president of the
Blue Lakes Water Company, and Colonel
Mendel 1 will be invite 1 to give evidence.
The Supervisors will visit the Spring
Valley Water Company's works on this
side of bay next Saturday.
THE MURDER OF SULLI VAN
Trouble Over Pools on Coursing
Events Led to the
Killing.
Policeman G orge Dougherty Coatinu s
to Impnv; at the R?c.-iving
Ho p tal.
The murder of Henry E. Sullivan by
Policeman George Dougherty Sunday
nicht continues the all-absorbing topic of
conversation in police circles.
The statement in The Call yesterday
that Dougherty and Sullivan wer? inter
ested in coursing events and had quar
reled because Dougherty thought Sullivan
had "jobbed" him was confirmed from in
quiries among Potrero sports.
It was learned that a pool had been
made in tlie Buffalo saioon on Twentieth
street, between Illinois and Michigan,
which is the headquarters of the Potrero
sports. It was a small affair in its way,
but both Dougherty and Sullivan patron
ized it and deposited their coin with Mike
Cusack, 614 Tennessee street, who gener
ally took the deposits to Ingleside and
placed them according to instructions.
Dougherty believed that he had been
"jobbed" and attributed the blame to
Sullivan and aroused an unfriendly feel
ing oetween them. This was the oniy
trouble alleged to exist between them so
far as their intimate acquaintances know.
Lieutenant Bennett arid Policeman
George McConnell, "who is on auty at ihe
Potrero station, speak well of Dougherty
and say he was an excellent ofiicer, gentle
manly and obedient.
Detective Cody and Policemen Hartei
and Hayden obtained written statements
yesterday from Ed Lunstedt, proprietor of
the saloon where the murder occurred,
and C. J. Ta!o, his bartender. They do
not differ much from what has already
beeri published. According to Lunstedt.
D ugherty got the worst of the sparring
bout, Sullivan giving him a black eye.
After the bout Lunstedt say^:
Sullivan then said to Dougnerty, "I guess
you're mad, but there is no need, as it was
only friendly." Dougherty said he was not
mad. Then .Sullivan got up close to Dough
herty aud said. "What the are you kicking
about?" Sullivan looked angry and X tlioiißht
he was coing to strike Dougherty. 1 felt
anxious and Boyle grabbel ho!d of Sullivan
to jmll him away. Sullivan told Bov.e to let
him alone aud stood close up to Dounheriy
and Dougherty said to Sullivun, "I'll let you
nlone," and a second after he pulled his sun.
They were standing at the end of tho bar and
it seemed to tno as '.hough Suiliviiu would not
let D)Uglicrty I'ass out of ilio saluon. Then
Dougherty pulled i) is gun, fired two uliois at
.Sullivan and one at htmaeif. They hurl all
been drinking, but seemed to knoiv what they
were doing. Sullivan seemed to be In an ugty
mood.
Dougherty continues to improve at the
Receiving Hospital.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
Among the Thing* : Considered Yester
«lay \Va« the Appointment of a
Successor to AlcKenna.
At a meeting of the board of trustees of
the Chamber of Commerce, held yester
day afternoon, a letter was read from the
Secretary of the Navy, in w iich it was
stated that the Government had placed at
the disposal of the chamber a ship to carry
3000 tons of grain to Calcutta' whenever
the cargo is ready.
The prayer of St. Andrew's Brother
hood, that they be permitted tin? use of
the rooms one hour every day, beginning
on March 1, for th* purpose of holding re
ligious service, was granted. ,
;■'• A communication was ; also presented
from California ostrich farmers, asking
for assistance in obtaining such a duty as
would protect them in their industry.
An appropriation of $150,000 having been
made for additional surveys on the line of
the Nicaragua' canal -route a commission
will be appointed to consist of five civil
engineers three from civil life, one from
the United States corps of army engineers
and one a civil engineer from the United
States navy. : The chamber will endeavor
to have one of the civil engineers ap
pointed from the Pticific Const The
names of George F. Davidson, son of the
noted professor, and of Randall Hunt
have already received consideration.
The appointment of a successor to Judge
McKenna was taken under consideration.
This appointment means a good deal to
trie Chamber of Commerce, for ofttimes
questions of ■.•reat vsiffht in the maritime
and business world come before the United
States Circuit Courts. The probability is
that Judge Morrow will be recommended.
Captain William M. Merry has been ex
tended an invitation by Irving M. Scott to
be present at the driving of the first rivet
KEW JO-DAT.
Pffff^"}' A WOMAN'S BODY.
A. )V Wj/v^Vl What Its Neglect Leads to. Mrs. Chas.
(I -/>)V • \V fy^ , King's Experience. .
JMrjSrJfflhg'*'i/ ■ , V,'-' 'in^H A woman's body is the repository of the
jSS§sSrf»ss{k I* . /jJBP«IS«SH most delicate mechanism in the whole
Bm^M^^^^k._ \ '^^^MBJBWffIW realm of creation, and yet most women
K*Miii!iiPiaP^ \ waa£**&&j& ""'ill l e^ '' get out of order ail( keep out of
WSBSSBx&SKmr r'^V^P&SlSfißi order, just as if it were of no consequence.
i'^/ffll V vf." Their backs ache and heads throb and
'%tyjf V \ burn: they have wandering pains, now here and
'/ll\[ -V I <•- now there. They experience extreme lassitude,
/■/I! • I that don't-care and want-to-be-left-alone feeling,
/ I V I excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleepless-
/ IvY i 1 ness and., the blues, yet they, will go about their
i * \ / I work until they can; scarcely stand on their poor
, > I swollen feet, and do nothing to help themselves.
These are the positive fore-runners of serious womb complications, and unless
given immediate attention will result in untold misery, if not death.
Lydia E. Pinkhams Vegetable Compound will, beyond the question of a
doubt, relieve all this trouble before . it becomes serious, and it has cured
many after their troubles had become chronic. . : /
The Compound should be taken immediately upon the appearance of any of
these symptoms above enumerated. It is a vegetable tonic which invigorates
and stimulates the entire female organism, and will produce the same bene-
ficial results in the case of any sick woman as it did with Mks.vChas.' Kxn'G, 1815
Rosewood St., Philadelphia, Pa., whose letter we attach:
" I write these few lines, thanking you for restoring my health. For twelve
years I suffered with pains impossible to describe. I had bearing-down feelings,
backache, burning sensation in my stomach, chills, headache, and always had
black specks before my eyes. I was afraid to stay alone, for I sometimes had
four and five fainting spells a day. I had several doctors and tried many pat-
ent medicines. Two years ago I was so bad that I had to go to bed and have a
trained nurse. Through her, I commenced to take Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and I never had anything give me the relief that it has.
I have taken eight bottles, and am now enjoying the best of health again. I
can truthfully say it has cured me.
. I. ' ; 1 :
§ A gentleman from Whitehall, N. V. ; relates :
"I know of one case where '
Ripans Tabules
have : ■ done wonders.' Actually saved a man's ;
life. He had been given up by all the doctors
and told; to get ready to die. He had the
worst form of- dyspepsia. Could not retain ■ V
■•-.'; any food on his stomach. So had wasted away
to nothing but skin and bones."
i
in the battle-ship Wisconsin, which takes
place next Thursday.
WELCH AGAIN SECRETARY
Socloty for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children Cats luto Hit
Salary.
The regular meeting of the directors of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children was held yesterday. Present
were: Charles Sonntag, G. Palacbe, J. A.
Newhall, A. Ronnan. I. T. Miiliken, B. P.
Flint, Clinton E. Worden, C. S. Capp.
Secretary Charles P. Welch's report
showed 101 cases received during Febru
ary, 89 investigated, 14 prosecuted, 11 con
victions, 28 children placed in institutions,
3 in families and 7 cases referred to the
Associated Charities.
By unanimous vote Welcn was re-elected
secretary, out on the ground of strict
economy his salary was reduced $10 per
month." Fortliesamo reason the services
of Special Officer Hoihrook will be dis
pensed with after April 1. •
Considerable discussion was evoked by
some comparisons made with regard to
the attention and importance given to the
society here and similar institutions in
the Ea«t. They were he!d to be much .bet
ter treatad there and their power ior good
was thereby ereatly enhanced. Colonel
E. Fellows Jenkins-, superintendent of the
New York hociety, has been in this City
lately visiting, and during his stay Messrs.
Sonntag and Welch have been showing
him around to give him a chauca for com
parative study.
Frank Hoibrook has served the society
faithfully for a period of years, and dur
ing five years has had practically the
placing of all the children brought in
nee. ting care. His kindness and faithful
ness have been often acknowledged.
Hence ther« will be the more surprise
that he has been dismissed.
Mr. Holbrook does not believe thnt
economy had anything to do with his De
ing dismissed. He said last night that
President Sonntag told h>m not long r.go
that "all the Welches in the world could
not cause his dismissal." From this he
says that it appears to be easy to bim to
draw a safe inference concerning the in
fluence which has iemoved him. His re
moval will cause penernl surprise, lor lie
was well known ail over the Slate for
good work.
WOMEN'S CONGRESS.
It Will He Held at the First Congrega-
tional Church in the Week
.Beginning April 26
The executive board of the California
Women's Congress Association met at the
Occidental Hotel on Saturday. Mrs. John
bw'.ft presiding. Tne corresponding sec
retary, Mrs. George Oulton, reported the
programme for the coming congress com
plete. L?tters of acceptance from cele
brated women of the East, whose names
will be announced later, were read.
Owing to a previous engagement of the
First Congreguiional Church a change of
date for the congress was found necessary.
The time was lixed for the week begin
ning April 26.
Dunne'* Salary in Question.
Auditor Broderick doubts whether Joseph J.
Jiunne. who was uppointed by the Board of
Supervisors Monday to assist District At
torney Barnes, can draw fl salary. Part of his
doubts rest on the question whether the Board
of Supervisors can Croats a county oftici.
Mayor Phelan also contends that the salary
cannot be pud out of the urgent necesstty
iund, notwithstanding the resolution ol the
Board of Supervisors.
■ ' /■. . . . -' ;.' NEW TO-DAT. ; , : -; '
dr. : sandS^ilectric belt.
When People Have Tired of Drugging They Find a
Cure in This Wonderful Appliance.
Every device known to 1 . To make this Belt stronger,
science that will make more durable and with
Electricity do better work s§§6|%|§ better curative qualities
in curing disease is em- iS|%dtf> than any other remedy is
bodied in this appliance. Dr. Sanden's aim.
THE GRANDEST INVENTION OF THE AGE FOR WEAK MEN: THE SUREST AND
easiest cure for all nervous and chronic diseases. Its wonderful power is directed to tho
seat of the nervous system, through which its vitalizing strength penetrates into all parts of
the body, carrying new life to every iunction which has been weakened by excesses or dissi- '
pation, restoring energy to the brain and power to the muscles.- ; .
'•When I bought my Sanden Belt I had spent 8250 doctoring. • I -was run down with weakness,
losses and pains in my bacic, and was unable to work. The Belt has cured me cn t -lrely/'""'sa\rs John
X ua:i, 12 !-a<'iMiu(tir.o street, San Francisco. ■ . . I
- Dr. Sanden is a physician of tho highest standing amone-tlie medical profession, having
devoted thirty years of his life to the practice of medicine, find has piven it up now lor several
years, so that he may devote his' knowledge exclusively to this better, more effective menus of
rescuing the sick and weury from despni-. He has given to the world this remarkable crea-
tion of his brain, the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, and personally supervises its use in all discs
so that in not one single instance may it fail to do all that he claims for it. He is an expert
In medicine and an expert in electricity, and every one of his patients receives his personal
attention until the final happy result is reached— a permanent restoration to health and
strength.
"A few months ago I bought a strong- power Sanden Belt for vital weakness, disease of the kid-
neys and pain In the bark. I nai suffering so much that I could not work. .The Banderi Belt h:u
complet ly cur.-d the pain and the kidney trouole, and restored mv manly strength entirely. I would not
be without ll under any circumstances," says Ciiarles Forrest, 310 Twelfth street, San Francis :o.
THIS GREAT BOON 15 YOURS.
In using Dr. Sandeu's Electric Belt the patient is assured if two very necessary points—
that he has the very best, most scientific, strongest and most durable electric belt that can be
made, and with it the personal intention of a rezutar physician until cured. It is impossible
to imagine a more effective means of fighting disease. , All medical men sanction the use of
electricity, anu Dr. Sanden by his personal attention to his patients makes his belt do the
work which has baffled the skill ot medical experts of all countries.
"When 1 commenced to wear your Belt 1 was all broken down. My nerves were completely shat-
tered and I had .earful pains in my bacK, My digestion was so poor that I could eat nothing wi.hout
great distress afterward. I wis weak for years from lossei resulting from ear.y indiscretion. Now,
after wearing your Belt, my pains are all none, appetite Rood, and my s.reneith Is restored. My loss 's
are stopped and I feel strong mi I hearty t^ain. 1 nave gained eleven pounds and a Ha'.f in the last
month- 1 wish that every sufferer from weakness had one of your bi'lts. Words cannot express the
gratitude I feel," nays Joseph ileurich, 153 Tehama street.Sau Francisco.
DR. SANDEN INVITES YOU TO CALL.
It is a pleasure to Dr. Sanden to talk with a non-believer in the power of his belt, for in
this way many are convinced by scientific oroofs who would go 0:1 from year to year suffering
from a curab'.e disease. He will examine every, patient free of charge, and state honestly
whether a cure is possible. He can gain nothing by misleading a sufferer, as his best adver-
tisement is tho good he has done, and he will take no case where his belt is powerless to cure. -
He therefore invites a call ora letter from all who are sick or weak, so that by personal study
of the c»se he may lend his patient to renewed health and happiness. It you cannot call per-
sonally send for his famous book, "Three Classes of Men," which is full of clean, wholesome
: facts, and lias the letters of hundreds of prominent men in ail sections of the State who have
| been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., SJ^ffA.H-nFSKJS
Office Hours— A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sundays, 10 to L. Los aiwoiu* UitiC' 'Mt aoutu iiroal-
way ; Portland, Or., '253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
IvOXi..— AlHke no mistake in the number— 832 Marke; street Make note of it.  . „-
. DR. SANDEX'S KLECTIUC TKUSrcUUKS KUPTITKK.
R AZX.RO TRAVBC3
s¥rnliiscoiioßim
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tib uron Ferry— Foot of Market -it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:31,
8:S0, 5:10, 8:30 P. M. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 P. v. ' .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; X:SO, 3:3*
t>:00, 6:20 P. if.
San Rafael to San Francisco. ■■'■' '
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. *•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturday st-Extra trip* ,
at 1:55 p. M. and 8:35 p. v.
BUNDAYS— B:Ii», 9UO, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:1%
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzsn Part same
• schedule em above. _^
.Leave I invitont Arriv*
San Franclsca oct 14? San Francisco. ■
Week I Sun- i,P»ifn&iion. Krx " I Wes «
Days. | days, destination. pAY!^ |- DATa
7 :S0 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
3:3opm 9:Boam 1 I'etalnma, 6:10 pm 10:25 a*
5:10 I'M s:oojm i Santa Rosa. 7:35 fM| 6:22 pm
■ ' - Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
l ytton,
Geyserville, .1
S^O pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm| 6:22 px
"T "" - Pleta, :
Hopland A
7:30 AM 8:00 am Lkiah. 7:35 6:23pm
7 :SO am " 10:25 Ait
8:00 AM'lGuerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm | 3:22 pm
7:30 am 8. 00 Alii Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
: . . • ' • and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pj»
7:30 AM|8:00 AM gebaatonol 1 10:40 AM 1 10:2 am
3:3opm|s:oopm| 810001 - [ 6:10 pm| 6:22pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; atPietafor Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i-akeport; at
Hopland for L&keport and Bartiett Spring*; at
,TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside,' Llerley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hull vllle, Boonevilla.
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendociuo City,
Fort, Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuiets, Canto. Co-
velo. Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
"cfnWndays round-trip tickets to all points bs-
yond San Rafael at half rat«* -. '
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
A.W.FOSTER, B.X.BYAI*.
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
railroad raiiiiii^&iia
Trains leave unj arrivj *t Sfsßral^^ie^Rd
•Uarkbi.-Bi.reet Ferry. . TO#tt^?«^^»l
SASTA EXPRESS. 111111111
To t*iraso vii» A. i- P.^^a^^SuTßl
' '■>. Direct Line s , ' . 1 <n<Siirt2P'""*ofig§
Leaves da ly ai 5 :'j 0 p. M..carrrlnE Pulloian Palace
Prawlng-roora : and Modern Upholstarvd Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Clucaos)
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Sb
Louis. - •'■-: : : . - . .-..-
Boston Kxcursions, v.a Kansas . City, Chlcagix
Kontreal »nd the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday.' -■-"'•-. ' ': ■•-.■-■ . '■ ; ■. ..,.•.
* The ■■ best railway from California to the ISas&
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery,
tod good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ban Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle l.uilding. Telephone Maia
ICt'dLm OnkUuU, Ilia iiroaUwajr. '
»UJIT TA!H4LPAIS.~
' Trains connect , with North Pacific
Coast Railroad. , . . ■ . 7^.
WKKK DAYS— Leave aF.MS a. m. 1:45 f. m.
• Returning— Arrive 8. tt. 8:25 p m. 6:20 p. m. '■
SUNDAYS— LeaveB.F. Ba. m 11:80 a.m. 1:30pil
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :16 p. m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m. '
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or ; ■: - . ,~
■ THOa. cook it >O.\B, 6il Market at,, a. F.
Mill valley and Mount TamalpsUa Bomlo Hall w»y,
THE Sii FRWCISCO AiS SAX JOAQUIJ
■ ALLEif RAILWAY COMPAQ
reS" V ' ***** Passenger traio *
southbound.  Stations. Korthbound.
. 7:20 a. m. ;...;. ....Stockton.'.....'.::. 6:40 p. m.
9:48 a. it;; ..: ,....: Merced 3:14 p m.
ll:tOA m..;.. ...... Fresno ....... 1 :10 p. m.
For Intermediate station tifn«-mble.
■ ■ Connecting steamboats of the C. N. ':'& L Co.
leave SanFeancisco and Stockton at 6 p. m. daily*
I RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■
LEAVE I KKOMFeBRUABY 15, 1897 I AKBIVI
% SOtITUKBN PACIFIC COMPASS
(PACIFIC MIMTBK.) ■■:^/:,~-
-linina Iraif itn'l Ma <|u« to nrrl»e n.%
SAN FICAN«:i.SCO- "■
'«:O«A Kites. Ban Jose and Way Stato"on3... 8:4»A
7:»Oa Atlantic Express, Os'lun and V.nU.. ».43p
Benicia, VacaTiUa, Kurcsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
DaTls .- 6:40?
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaJiaUiga and Kauta ltosa 0:iu«
H::ti>A Nii«s. Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Chico,
and Rod Bind -«jl.lp
•S:3Oa I'ttcis and Milton »7:10r
U:Ooa New Orleans l ■; \\ runs, Raymond (for
Yosemitc), 1> resno, I.ai.iT.iin-M. ,
Santa lUrliara, 1-os Aiigflrs, Deal*
ing, El Paso. New Oileana and
East 4:4*p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton... 4:4"*p
«:OOa Vallejo 6:13?
....*... Nilus, San Joae, Livermore and
StocKton 7:I«JP
•I:OOp Saoramßnto Hirer Steamers "»:«»p
1 :»»0 v Miles, San JO3O and J.ivermore 8:43 a
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations ♦7:43*
4:«»r Martinez, Hau Uainoii, Vallejo,
■ Napa, Oalistoga, Xl Veraiio and
.Santa ltosa •ill a
- «:O«p Benieia, VscaTille, Woodland,
"' ;'■". :-. Kr.ights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Tillo and Sacramento 11:15 a
4:3»i> Latbrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via KUes,
returning via- Martinez 11t45*
B:0Ori,i? Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los -. m .
■'V* Angeles: '• ' 5 *
si«Gp Santa Fo Konte, Atlantic K.ipress i
for Moja»« and Kast » ** .
B>OOp Knropean Mail, Ogdtiii and Kas*.... 9:1S»
G:»Oi> Hay wards, Nilesaml .San .lose ' iViK
J7:ooi» VaUcjo t7:45»
?><)or Oregon Kxpresa, Sacramento, Marys*
Title, ICedduig, Portland, l'ngei
Sound and Kast ....; 11:15*
VlOtO«p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Anreles, Hi Pmo, New Orleans •
. --■-■■■• and East ■ Bta.43p
SANTA €KI)Z IUVIsION (NnrroiT <iimge). "*
Sit » a Newark, <;enTervill<>,Naii.l»se.Feltoii,
• Santa Cruz and Way
Stations...... BißOp
' »a«lBp Newark. Oentcrtille, Ban .Tone, Now
Alniaden, Fclton, Itoulilcr Creak,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ". •JItSOA
4:1.1 p Newark. Kan Jose and l.r.s (iatos ... 9:50 a
1 1 1:4 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations .7;aop
COAST DIVISION ('third A 'I'ownspml Six.)
0:15 a ,San Jose ami Way .Stations (New
■-•;:-. Almaden Wednesdays only) lrlOP
•tISAKau .lose, Trtt) ITnos, Kmita dim, _.
l'aciiio Orote. Paso Rubles, Han 9
Luis Oliisixi. < Juadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 7s«M»r
IOt4O.«. San Josuaml AVny .Stations S:O0p
11:»Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations....... ■ 3:ao»
•8:301- San Mateo, Menlo Park, Nan Jose,
Gilroy, Tres linos, Santa - Cms,
Salinas,Monterey mid l*acillcGro»e »IO:4O.\
i •8:nor San Jose Wny Stations *:4."5a
I ••l:SOi'Ha» Jeseand Way Stations *«:O-"l\
JiiSOr 8» : .'«> sb anil Principal Way Stations ' *8:4»a
(<:3Oi- San Jose Way Htatious «:..3a
I )ll;4.->i- San .)os» mill Way Stations. .■•:.... t?:43r
i >AX LKASUItO A>» MAKWABUS LOCAL.
i '<M».O«a.; r ~~ ~~" ~F~ 7:1.
. 8:OOa | 10:4.1 a
iHSa ■eHw,Se«lnaryP«rt, J?jJt*
i '"ISSp FlWibw ,S.«Le.»dr. «*Jg
IllSgp " i $$&
P Hajward* «!]£
'7:«0p. : ' • ; Si4Si
£ a OOi' 9:43p
0-OOp < Runs through to Nils*. ■ 1O:5Op
ttllilSpJ tFromNUcs. '•'."' I tH2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRiHCISCO— of lUrket Street (Slip 8)—
: *7:15. ; 9:00 ll:00.\.M. '41:80 *3:00 : t3:OC
•4:00 *5:00 *6:iop.>». . :
rromOlKUSD— Feot of Br«adw»T.-l *6:00 8:00
• 10:O0a..m. U2:00 *l:00 ■ *2:00 *3:00 -ti;o3
j -£:00f.M.- .-- •■ . , • " : :■ "T. -;.■•-.
• A for Morning. •r-* P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. " . t Saturdays onlT. " ;
■ :•"•;.-•-■!. '■-■• •■.-■;>" } Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thumday and Saturday nights only.
TTuadays and Saturdays. ' Sundays and Thursday*.
IVORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
1 (Via Sansalito Ferry).. ';.-. .
From San Francisco, commencinz Sept. 18, 1831
'• '.:'•■';_ WEEKDAYS. > s ■': : : : i{',
' • For Mill .Valley and - md i Kaiael— *7 :2s, •9:15,
. 11:UO A. M. »1:45, 3:45. *5:15. •3:45,6 :30 p.m.
Extra trips for Bin Katuel on Mondays, Wednes-
: days and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
■ ■ . .'. ■-■•; SUNDAYS. ■;,..-. . ..--•.'
For Mill Valley and Fan' Kafael— *B:oo, •10:00
■ *ll:30 a. M-: *l:Z0, 3:00, *4::-0, 6:15 F. M.
I Trains marked • run to Han Uuentin.
; THROUGH TRAINS. '•■'■';
For Point ■ Reyes and way, stations— 7;2s a v '
Weekdays, 8:00 a. K. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
l days. -".'.'■".■ r..^. .-■',:. ■■.'.■,.■■. .'■.■'. ■.'.:,.•■ '
:- l or Cazr.dero and way stations— :2s a. m. w eet-
• days;_l_i4s^P. if. fcauidftiK -
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THIS MAKKETS.
Sillver weaker.
Wheat and Freights dull.
Barley, Oats and Kye very quiet,
. Corn out of demand and lower.
Hay am Feedstuff's unchanged.
Beans and Seeds inactive.
Potatoes steady. Onions firmer.
Dairy Butter and Cheese lower.
Eg<s steady.
Poultry doing better again.
Game on its last legs.
Good Applet and Oranres sell well,
Lemons »nd Limes dull.
J)nt-d Fruit fiat
Provisions unchanged.
Wool, Hides and Leather dull.
No trade in Hops.
Meat market unchanged.
New Codfish offering.
Oils unchanged.
Coffee quiet.
• Mexican Do'iars lower.
Bterllns Exchange declined.
Increased Revenue collections.
EEVESUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in thin district In
February were $174,376, agalns: $166,53 3 in
February, 1*96. and included $34,158 for Beer,
5123.146 tor Spirits and $13 380 for Tobacco. For
the first two months of the year the collections
were $428,020, against $331,256 in 1896.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
■t station indica.e maximum temperature for the
•ays: those underneath It. if any. Hie amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtlis.
during tlie pust twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lln>'s. connect po!n 3 of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hleh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
aDd accompanied by c'.oudv weatherand rains.
"Lows" OS ally fir3i appear on the Washington
coast. When :he pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
bat when the "low is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain so.ith 01 Oregon is unprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we»ther may be expected in summer and colder
Weather !n winter. The reverse of these condition;!
*tu> »»oduce an opposite result.
AT K AT HER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agrictti.
tire, Weather Ltjreau, San Francisco.
March 9, 1897, 6 P. M. The following are the
rainfalls for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka this season . last season 32.01, past
24 hours. 36: Red Bluff 22.46. last season 14.53,
past 24 hours .01: san Francisco 20.69, last sea
son 13.89, past 24 hours .01: Fresno 9 26. last
season 4.93, past 24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo
19.71, Ih»i season 14. 61, past 24 hours .00; Los
Angeles 16.05, last season 7.87, pan 24 hours .00;
t-nn Diego 10.88, last season 5.6"i, past 24 hours
.00: Yuina 5.31, last se.s 11 .88. past 24 hours .00.
>an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 53,
minimum 43. meau 50
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
An area of low pressure lies over Washington
and seems to be working slowly ostward. inur
ing the pa t twenty-four honrs the pressure has
n«en sieadilv along the greater p\rt of the Pacific
«st, and has tallen over Idaho, Montana and
Northern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen silently over the
northern half of the Pacific slope. Somewhat
cooler weather with light frosts li exposed places
may be expected Wednesday morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Fort Can by, 32 miles west: Walla Walla,
20 mil s from the southwest: Winnemucca, 36
miles from the west. -
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
t ndlii-.- at mid night. March 10, 1897.
Northern California— Light showers in northern
portion Wednesday; generally fair in southern por
tion; continued cool weather: iresh southwesterly
winds.
Youthen California— Fair Wednesday; con.
tinued tool weather: light northerly winds.
Nevad*— Cloudy Wednesday, with light snows
in the extreme northern portion; fair elsewhere;
continued cold. • -. v . ■■»'.
Utah— lncreasing cloudiness Wednesday; cod
tinued cool.
.Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Probably fair
AVeiinesday; continued cool weather; fresh west
erly w.nd.s.
alkxandeb McAdie, j^ocal Forecast Official.
EASTERN WOOL MARKET. .
The American Wool and Cotton Reporter says
of the Boston wool trade: To outward appear
ances the market showed some falling off in activ
ity the past week, but It should be remarked that
there is very good reason to believe that a good
deal of quiet trading in wool is now going on, the
aim of all concerned neiug to keep the facts from
the public to the greatest extent possible. While
the volume of bosun for the last six days seems
HHiftll In comparison with the figures which were
give. 1 for previous wee.es. 1; nevertheless shines
by comp.mon with the corresponding week o.
list year, and may be said 10 b.- fully up to whit
has usually been considered a normal argregate.
Holders of wool are not showing the slightest dis
position to shade pru <■*. At slight concessions
very laree sales could be made. Territories and
Australian have received liberal attention, par
ticuiarly the former. There Is very fair demand
for pulied and scourea wools, domestic scoured
moving generally above 30c. Mocks of capes in
the Boston market are at present very light.
NEW lOKK MARKETS.
' Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— A noteworthy
occurrence In the financial world to-day was the
reduction. of the dividend on - Manhattan stock
from 6 to 4 per cent basis, and as » result of the
reduction the stock fell about 3 points. The un
official report of tbeMlssouri Pacific h»ad a depress
ing influence on this specialty and the stock fell
from 221/8 to 20%. New Jersey Central opened
strong, bu;, later fell to 923/ 8 . When the official
announcement of the l*high Valley deal wag
made the stock recovered over a pi Int. In the
railway group the grangers were held steady
throughout, but business wai on r mod eraue scale.
Arr.onu ice industrials tobacco advanced sharply
to 78Vi9 reports of an earl/ retirement of the
script, t-ugar decline.! a point on the revival of
the rumors of unofficial tariff legislation. The
r«-commeudailou'or the Western Union executive
committee 10 the directors to pay the usual divi
dend fail«d to strengthen the stock and a decline
to 82 Vi was noted.
Consolidated Gas was the weak spot in gas stocks
and broke over 2 points. Near the close the prom
inent Issues recovered anywhere from l/i to IVi
cent. Speculation «f 1 off linn. Net changes
show declines of i/4@ 1 % i' (i cent outside of Omaba
and Tobac' o, which made fractional gains. Sales
were only 145.9-7 shart-s ..
iiondi were firm and higher. The sales footed
up $1,154,000. Chicago and Northern PacUic
fives certificates rose %; Lehißh Valley terminal
fives, 1: Mobile and Oaio general fours, %; O .10
t-outbern firsts, 1; Pittaburg and Western Jours, 2;
Reading first preferences, «4; do seconds, %: m.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMtELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St, Tel. Main 1034.
CKNTBA I- OFFICE
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. .Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Urlll
Kooni). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qn»
lationa. Reference Ist National Bank. & F.
Paul. tings and Dakota lives. 1; St. Louis
Southwestern firsts. *4.' ■
In Government bonds coupon fours of 1925 sold
at laoS/s^liiSS/sauddoof 1907 at 113y B @n3S/ .
Grnlu.
FLOT7F— Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low trades, j
$2 30@2 35: do falr'to fancy, $'£ 25@4 60; do
patents. $4 bU(»S; others unchanged: Minnesota
cear, $3 40@3 "90: do straights, $4@4 20: low
extras. $3 30@3- 35; Rye mixture, $2 80@3 20:
superfine, $l>@2 80: fine, $1 95(#2 '-5.
Southern Hour, quiet. Common to fair extra,
$3 'JOfa-a 60: aood to ihoice. $8 6U@4.
Kyi- Hour, dull, at $2 50®2 85.
CORNMKAL — Dull. Yellow western, *1 5O(?o
1 80.
RYE— Cull, steady. Western. 68c c. i. f. Buffalo.
BAKLKY-Quiet, firm. Feeding, 26*40 c i. 1.
Buffalo.
WUK AT— Spot market dull, lirmer o> spring
gr.de»; to. b. 85c; ungraded reJ, 7U@S6c: No. i
Northern 86c.
Options opened weak and declined s/ B @6/ B e.
rallied %@3 c . closing firm at V«@ s /8' ; over
yesterday. Slay and July most active. No. 2 red,
March. 82% c;' May, 81c; June, 80% c; July, 79c; j
fceptember,*76%c.
COKN- moderately active, strong; No. 2,
2P%c elevator, 30 %c "floa:-. No. 3. 25%c; - new
No. 2, 28% c: yellow, 27c: steamer white. 27c.
Options were dull and firm at unchanged
rrires. July an i if ay only traded in. March,
29% c; May. 3Ui/ 8 c: July, 31% c.
Oats— Siots dull, firm.
Options dull. May, 22a Spot prices: No. 2,
22c; No. 2 white. 24c: No. 2, Chicago. 25c; No.
3, 21c; No. 3 white. 22c: mixed Western, 21@22c;
white do, 23@30c.
Provisions.
LABD-Qulet, easier. Western ntftara. $4 52%;
City, $4; May, $4 45 nominal. Refined, slow; Con
tinent, »4 70; South American, $4 90; compound,
*4VB@*Vi
j-. X — Kirm. New mass, $8 50(g,9.
BUTTER— FairIy acive. Fancy, steady; West
ern creamer.-, 12M3190; -factory, 7@l2c; Klgins,
19c: imitation creamery. 10@15c; rolls, b@l3c.
CHEEiSK — Steady, moderate demand. Tart
skims, S@9c; full skims. ,-(3i4c.
EMJS— steadier. Western fresh, ll@l3c.
TALLOW— Quiet. City, 3%c; country, »Vi@
3%c .
COTTONSEED OIL-Dull. steady. Crude, 20®
2OV2C; yellow prime. 23y 3 ®24c. . .
KiCE— Firm. Doniest.c, .bS/a@6c; Japan, 4 1 -gQ
4i. 2 c.
iiiOLASSES— Moderately steady. New Orleans,
lPC*3lc.
CoKFEE-Steady. March, $8 80@8 90: May,
$8 80(a8 £5: June, »8 90; July. August and
September, $8 8"<&H 90: January, $9. Spot Kio,
dull, easy. Xj. 7, ys 8
SUGAR— .More active Off A, 3%@4c * tb:
mold A, 4^c; stana^rd A, 4Vic: confectioners'
A, 4 1 / |jc; oat loaf and crushed. 41/sc; powdered
and cubes, » ! 2' ; granulated, i 1 v..
I' m it and Produce.
/TRICOTS— Bags. 9@llc.
1 tjiil' }• Uupeeled. bags, 6©9 c; do Peeled,
boxes, 10@15c.
PBUSJbS-FOBt sizes, 4@4l.ic.
HAiSIN. — Two crown L. M., 41/ic; three
crown, s©r>i 4 c: four crown, 6(<fi6Vlc; London
layers. $1 ,<s©l 40: clusters. $1 40*1 75.
A. MUM>a— Soft shea. 7y 2 ®Bi/2C: paper »hell,
lOCdl'^c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c
HOPS— Quiet; I'nclnc Coast,' 9(jj)l3c.
WOOL — Firm, demand moderate. Domestic
fleece, 16@2itc; pulled, 18@31c: Texas. 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
riOIRON —Quiet. American, 810 25@10 30.
COPPER— Easy. Lake. $11 80©12.
it -Barely steady. Domtrstic. *3 40@
3 42%.
•iJ- — Easy. fctralts, *13 40013 45. Plates,
quiet. . ' ■ r .-,'. • •
bPELTER-Quiet. Domestic, 91 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. March —Quietness was the
chief characteristic of the wheat market this
morning. The tone was visibly weak and prices
were lower. Tb.j failure of war to materialize
from the late unpleasantness abroad was a blow 10
the anlicipKtions of many holders an. I liquidating
sales were therefore common Liverpool£sel the
tone by declining »i®ld. English consols, were
scpiulv to a fraction gluT than yesterday. After
a week of pretty good prices recovered a lttle and
then he d nearly with the volurue of business
light. Northwestern receipts were 327 cars,
against 359 last Tuesday and 40 a year ago.
Chlraeo received 32 cars and inspected out 33,416
I bushels.
The Daily Trade Bulletin estimated the total
visible supply on July 1 at between 75,000 000
ana b0.1i00.000 bushels. Cosing continental
cables we -a all lower. Export' clearances were
luht at 162,598 bushels. Toward the close, on re
ports of frcili outbreaks in Crete, prices bulged
about half a cent. May wheat opened from 748/g@
746/gc, advanced to 753/ c, cosing at 75V4c, Vg@
l / 4'_ nither than yes.truay. Kstlma*.ed receipts
for 10-morrow, 3 8 cars. No. 2 red, spot, wheat
ranged from 83S/ S c to t>6?gc, closing at, 8414©
853ic.
CORN— A slightly weaker feeling prevailed in
corn. The less bellicose nature of th • early press
dispatches and the apparent restoration of confi
dence o.i European exchanges were mainly the
weakening considerations . Large receipts, 401
cars, and . the prospect of cooler weather were
likewise of importance as price-determining fac
tors I Liverpool cables quoted 1 id to Vad decline.
Withdrawals from &tor-? were 1 eht at 3035 bush- j
els. Export clearances were liberal at 617,702
bushels. Near the cloie prices declined, in sym
pa hy with those of wheat. Slav corn opened at
•_'4Va c - sol between @':-iy 2 c and 2-»3/ 4 c, clos
ing at 24S'8@243ic, a shave over vest. rJay. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 175 cars.
OATS— LiDeral receipts, 435 cars, the peaceful
European news and ih» action of wh-at »nd corn
ail tended todiscourage baying of oats. Business
was model ately active, and prices were *»R*y,
Withdrawals irom store were 3353 bujhels. ' Ex
port clearances were 33,485 bushes. May oats
closed a shade higher than yesterday, Estimated
receipts for 10-morrow 220 car*. . . .
FLAX-Was st»ady. Cash No. 1.79 c; North
western, 791/2 C: May, 78c; July, 79 Vie : Septem
ber. 81c. Receipts were 11 cars.
PROVISIONS— The sen:lment in product this
morning was not toward nigber prices. War news
was recently a bull factor, and that being parti illy
removed caused some selling. Th« bo,; market
was lower, an I that fact with the early easier feel
ing in train was adverse to provision values. The
improv mem In the surrounding prices had a bene
fic al effect on provisions. May pork and ribs
each closed 2 1 ~sC higher, and May lard unchanged.
BUTTER The butter market was dull with
nothing new to report today. .Receipts were lib
eral, and the demand slow. The feeling was
steady.
J Creameries— Fxtras. 18c: firsts. l€@l7c: sec
onds, 14@15c: imitations, fancy, i:-t@l4c. Dairies
—Extras, 16c: tirsts. 14&1& C: seconds. 9010 c.
Lacles— Extras, ll©12c: Urns. bV^WJVaC; picking
stock. 8c; grease, 3c; roil butter, loc.
EGGS — Receipts heavy, demand slow. An easy
feeling prevailed. Fresh stock 10^4c per dozen.
MONEY — Was 4@4y ?on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 70c discount.
Closing Prices.
HEAT — March, 74V 4 c; May, 75Vic; July,
7SS/ B e. '
luRK- March. 23%@23» / ic; May, 245/ @
i 243 /4 c: July, 25G/ g '325%i:.
OaTS— March. 16c: .May. 17y a c; July, 18Vi<5.
1 PORK— May. *8 SZV,: July, $8 45.
UKI)-Jl«y. S4 15; July. $4 20.
l'.liib— May, 94 40; July, $4 4fy a .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111, March 9.— About
17.900 cattle hive arrived here so far this week,
against 17, 00 > for the same portion 01 las; week,
and 20,233 for the corresponding time a year ago-
The market j was, on the whole, a better one than
is usual Tuesday. Only about 2500 were re
ceived, and they ware mostly dispose! of at
steady prices, a few fat' beeves selling a little
blither earlier in th 1 ) day.
Only ab'Uf 675 hogs have been received so
far .in* week, against 65,059 for the fir.it two days
las' week, and 44,08! a year ago. Although the
receipts are fulling off, prices are weakening and
there was a drop to-day or about 5 cents per 100
pounds.
Mieep supplies are 1 decreasinT- Yesterdar, In
stead of the morning estimate of 14,000 head, the
actual receipts proved t • >>c 927-4. The receipts
to-lay were about 11000 making a total of
20.274. a;aiust 32,154 for the corresponding time
a year ago. ■
CATTLE— Receipts, 2 800. Fancy beeves, $6 40
@5 60: choice to prime steers, $5 0U(B5 35: good
to choice steers. $4 6D@4 95: medium steers,
*4 4U@4 65: fair beef steers. $4 00@* 16; com
mon beef steers. $3 70(£3 95: good to prime stock
en au'l f-etiori. 93 90@l 2S: common to good
do. 93 4003 85; bulls, choice to extra. $3 60
(£63 75; do poor to choice, $j 'H>@3 60; cows ana
heifers, choice to prime, $3 80@4 25; cows, fair
to choice, *2 TOfuj.i 7->; do common to fair dinners.
Si 00@2 70; calves, good to fancy, $5 50@6i0;
do common to goo 3, $i &o@s 50: Texas led steers,
fair to choice, $3 40@4 25: Texas ; cows, bulls and
oxen, -Tj 40@3 20; milkers and springers, per
head, $25@4b.
HOGS — Receipts, 20,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, (3 55®3 82y»: common to choice
mixed. S3 ()5(a3 ***/%; choice assorted, ■• $S Ho(^
3 85; light. $3 7u@H t>s; pigs. *3 2i>®3 86.
sHK>.F- Receipts. 11.000. Inferior to choice,
13(3>4 25; lambs, »3 75<86 25.
Receipts at Omaha
*oriTH OMAHA. Nrdr.. March 9— HOQB—
Receipts, 5000. Market opened 5c higher and
closed 10c lower. Light and mixed, $3 60@3 75;
heavy, S3 55@3 60.
CATTLE— KDCeipta. 2000. Market active, firm.
Steers, $3 60@4 40; cows, $1 50@3 90; feeders.
«3 25@4 35. , .
SHKr.f— Receipts. 3100. Market firm, active.
Muttons, ?J 86; lambs. $4 60.
NJBW lOKR STOCKS.
Bunds, Exchange, Money, and Railroad
' Share*. .'.'■ ft .: '-_-, '
Money on call easy at iy2@l%^"; last loan lyaX
and closing at iVi<%- Prime mercantile paper.
3%. liar sliver, 63% c. Mexican d011ar5, 4934@50%c.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual -business In
bankers' bills at 84 85y 2 f<i4 85% for 60 days and
94 87Vi@4 87Va for demand, l'osted rates, $4 Bli(<u
4 88V2- Commercial bi is. $4 84V4134 8614.; Gov
ernment bonds firm; Mate : bonds dull; lallroaa
bonds steady. ■
• ■ ;V CXCftIKO stocks.
Am Tet Cable... b7 . North American... 4V 2
Atchison... 11% Northern l'aclllo.. 13%
Preferred 2. J^i Preferred... .:.;..■ •>"*/»
Adams Express... 148- i North western...... 10b34
Alton, Terre Haute 66 ! Preferred... 153
American Exoresalll • NY Centra 1....... .. 8654
American l'obacco 778/g N Y. Cnlcago&stli l-'v 2
1 Preferred 106V4 Ist preferred 65 .
Bay State Una 10 . i 2d preferred 271 A
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 IN Y& N' 8....-....174
Bruns wlcic Lands. ; . sy 8 V & New Ent.. 37 •
Buffalo, Roch <t P. 1684 NY, busq <fc W.... BV3
Canada Pacific..... 6a y 3 ! Preferred......... 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
Canada Southern.. 46 Ontario ....... ! JO ' --~
Canton Land ...... I 6uyg<int»rlo * Western 14%
Central Pacific lOiUjiOreßOnlmprovmnt— - ,
cues A 0hi0....... 1 7 V«I Prefe-red... —
Chicago Alton 166 Oregon Navigation 11
• Preferred .' 172 Oregon £*hort Line. 15
Chicago, B & Q.... 7tii/ 3 Pacido Mall ; 25y 8
Chicago & E 111 46 Peona. D <fc Evans lV a
• Preferred;.;...'... 95 i'ittsbur? & W pfd. 15
Chicago Ga5........ 77% Pullman Palace.... 159 Vi
Cleve<fc i'ittsbur*. 166 Qnlcksllver 1
Consolidation CoaL 3.i | Preferred 12
Consolidated Ga5.. 15134 Reading. 25%
CCC &St Loots... 271/21 KioGrandeiWestn IS
Preferred 75 | referred 38i£
Colo Fuel A Irca.. SOVa'Rocic Island 67%
Preferred _... ml RomeWat<tOedeii.ll7 ,
Cotton Oil cert.... llW|BtL*HW...'. "3%
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred... JOy
Del Hudson... .... )OH3/ tet Pau1....... ..:... 77
Del Lack<fc\Vestrn.ls4y 2 | Preferred i3&y
Denver* RG 10% m Paul &Duluth.. 7a
Preferred 401/4 I Preferred 85
Distillers.... St Paul & Omaha.. 563/,
General Electric... 34%; Preferred 140
Erie... 14 . St f M <t M ....... 116
-Preferred 33 ; Silver Certificate*. 63%
Fort Wayne lt>3 iKontbern Pacltic... 14y 3
Great Northern pfdl23 Southern It li ...... 9
Ureen Bay — Preferred.... a 7Vi
Har1em....... 293 Sugar Hef1nery....1353/i
Hocking coal_. ... 4 1 Preferred ...104V4
Hocking Valley... Term Coal & Iron:. 27
Homestake.. 35 I Preferred 80
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 9
Illinois Central.... 93 Tol A A <t N Mich.
lowa Centra 1....,,.. 6% Tol Ohio <fc Central 15
Preferred 24 ! Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 12S'«Tol »t Louis &X 0 6Vji
Preferred 30% Preferred. 18Vi
Kingston & Penu.. 3 , Onion Pacific 3 /*
Lake Erie <& Westn 16 U P Den & G01f.... 1%
Preferred 66 ÜbCordage. •—
Lake Snore... 16^ j Preferred... —
National Lead 24 Guaranteed —
Preferred 91 V S Ex Dross 36
Island 45 V B Leather. 8
Louisville Nash. 48% Preferred 59Vi
Louisville, Aionr Vi U 6 Rubber 20V*
Preferred IV* Preferred 7-V»
Manhattan C0n.... B;s^ a !riica A B River.. .lso
Memphis Charts 16 Wn.u 6L & I'acifla 6Vs
Mexican Centra!... 8 I Preferred... 15%
Michigan Central.. 91 | Wells-Farga. ...... 100
Minn & L — — Western Union.... b'2Vg
Preferred Wisconsin Central. 1 3 /s
iJ Inn &St L com.. 18 '■■ Wheeling <fc L &... I 3 /*
Ist preferred.:... 77 i Preferred . "Vis
SdDreferred 46 -| Am Cotton Oil pM. 67
Missouri Pacific... 20% \V U Beef.:... 6
Mobile* Ohio 20 Ann Arb0r........ 9
Nashville & Chart. 67% Preferred *'4 1 / ?
National Linseed.. 12 Brooklyn Traction. 201.4
NJ Centra! 93Vi!Erie 2d pfd.. 20
Norlolk A Westrn. 14 lAmencan Spirit* . 18%
*-i«erred 26%! Preferred 33V*
tl.OMvll JONDS.
Ala Class A 4«.....104y, Northern racists. ll6
Do Class 84, ss. 104 j Do 2d«. 65
Alabama, class C. K8 j Do Sds. 881/4
Atchison 4S fc2y» Doconsolos i
l)o Ms A 4b' /a Or Improvmnt Ist. 85
Canada south 2<1«. 1041/]' Co 6s .....15 !
Cen lets of'9s. — - O R N'i'sti.' »3
Cherokee 4s. 18Sli. 110 consol 5s — ■•
1>01897 100 Or Short Line 65... 11 6
DOIB9X lUO DoconsolSs 75V4
Do 1899 100 Fad fie 6sor '97....
Cbesifc Ohio 65.... 110 Phila A Heading 4s 81 Vi
Ch&N PTr Rets 4:1 ; Do Ist pfd incom. 4.M/4
DC3-655. 109 R Orande West lsts 72
Den &R O Ist 1117 St L&lronMtUenss 75y 3
Do «s 88V*St L<tsFGen6s..lll^«
Eri« 2ds 651/2 **t Paiil Consols.... 13-TV
FtW&DenClty lsts 6hMj st P C <fc Pa Ist* ..118y 3
ti H & s A Ha 103y 3 bo Carolina 4^5...105
D02d75..... s«5 .Southern R R 05. .. 90
Gen Klec Debs«... SB : Do Pac Cal lsis. 107
H & Tex Cent 65. . . 48Vi Ten n new 3s 77
Do con 106 Texas Pac 15t*..... 88»4
lowa Central lsts.. 95 1 lexas Pac 2ds. ... 2)i'4
Kansas Pa consols 74% Unlou Pao lets 98.101 1 3
Pa Ists Den Di vl 16 ,U« 4s reg of 1925. 123 V 2
La Co n sol 4s. ÜBVi Do 4s, coupon.... 1235 /8
Missouri funding... 0 8 4s reg of 1907. 11l
MX T Mi. 69 3 4 I "-is, coupon 113
-. Vut * 841/4 • Do 25..... 95Vs
Mobi:e A 0h1045.. 67y 8 Do6s. re* 114
JlOlual Union 65.. 110 D 063. coupon 114
N J Cent Gon ss. ..113 /4 Va funding deot... 621,4
N VC<tßt Louis Do registered
N or it West Gen 6sl 20 Do deferred 65. .. 5
» Carolina con 4a. 102V 2 Do trust rcpt send 5
Do 6s 122 Wabash Ist 6a 107
>orthwestConsols. 143 West mint* *»,,,,, 107y 8
. Uio«u 6a in T
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IK LIVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esn, March 9.— The spot market
is steady at 6s 6y 3 . Cargoes are weak at 335, sellers,
prompt shipment,
FDTUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
6s 23 /4 d; May, 6s 4d: July, 6s 40.
SfcCfRITIKS.
LONDON, Kno., March 9.— Consols. 112 15-16;
silver, 29 3-i6d; trench Rentes, 102f 72y 2 c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.'
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $486
Sterilns Kxchange. sight — 4 88
sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Kxchange. sight — jo
New York Kzchange, telegraphic. — -15
Fine sliver, per ounce — 635 /8
Mexican Dollars 50 60V3
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AXli OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue dull at 16 3d
@17s 6d nominal quotations. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tannage of. 13,000,
against 28,600 tons on the same date last year. Dis
engaged, 94.000 tons, against 44.000. On the way
to this port, 1&7.700 tons, against 263,4110.
WHhAT— ! he market continues dull and with
out material change. Quoted at Si 26@1 :12V£ *
ctl fur common grades, ■$1 35@1 37 i/a $cv for
average No. 1, ? 1 40 $* ctl for choice aiid (1 42V a
(a, I 50 * ctl for extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Skssiox— fl:lb o'clock— May—
CtlS, $1 3j5/ 8 ; 2UOJ, $1 35%; 2000. $1|35%.
Smund skssion — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 171/8-. 2000. «1 17.
Rkgtlar Morning Session— May— Booo nils,
SI 361,4- 800)-, $1 Bb. December- 20K0, $1 17 1,4;
14,1/00, $1 1714
--afternoon Session — December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 17V-; 8000, *j 171/4: 10,000. SI 178/, Mhv —
2uoo. $1 36: 4000. »1 Bj%; 8000, $1 soy 2 ; 6000.
$1 368' 8 ; 2000. $1 3514.
BaKLEY- Is dull ail around at unchanged
prices. Feed, 72y @77y 2 c %» cil; Brewing, 87y 2
@92V 2 c
CALL HOARD SALES. ' ' '
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
fcKCOSD session— No sa cs.
Reoular Mokki.no .- KS.SION— V O sales.
AFTERNOON session— ay — 2000 CllH, 73c.
OATS— Dulness conllnnes to characterize this
market. Milling are Quotable at $1 26@1 SO
Fancy Feed, *1 3 - 2 (Sjl 35 '«i ctl: Com
mon White, *I@l 10; good to choice, $1 16©
1 30, according .0 quality: BUck (or • feed, 05c®
$1 05; for sued. $1 20®l 30: Uray, 81 16@1 2b;
Ked, $1 10@l 20: surprise. $1 40®l 50 ft cv.
CO UN — Large Yellow and White are lower again.
The d- raan'l lor Corn has at^paremly ceased.
Large Yellow, 80@8^^iiC: Small Round do, 95ks
97y 2 c; White, 80@82y 8 c H ctl.
li,VE— Bsfi£B7yaC Hcil. .
BUCKWHK AT-Quoted at »1 16©1 25 i» ctl.
FLOUR AND MIIiLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family, extras
S4 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 75@4 85; Super
fine ,*-i"_i i 35 V- bbl.
COK.NXKAIi. ETC.-Feed Corn, Sl7 5J@lB;
Cracked Corn, $18® 18 50 $ ton.
MlLl.sTUFFs— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. S2 86
'*>. 100 lbs: Rye Hour, 82 50 %* 100: Rice Flour,
$5 75; Corn meal, $2@2 26; extra cream do, $2 75;
oatmeal, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, «3 10
@>3.1O; Buckwheat Floor, $3 25@3 60: Clacked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
98; Rolled Outs (bbls). $4 75@6 15; Pearl Barley,
S3 7h(ft4: Split Teas, if.i 60; Green do, $4 25 %t
100 lbs. _^
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
All descriptions are quoted at the familiar prices,
which seldom change. ■ •
BRAN— SI 2 60,913 for the best and $11 50@12
V ton for outside brands. ;
SUiiDLlNGS— slßiai9 for . lower grader and
$19 50@20 60 $ ton lor the best. •
FKKIJSTUKFS — Rolled Barley, $17@17 60;
Ol cake Meal a the mill, $26 60 V ton; jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 &1 50 "* ctl. -
HAY — Wheat, $8@ll: Whea: and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6@9: Barley. $7®B 60: River Barley,
$s(d)t> 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; compressed, $6®
9 50: stock, $5(^,6; 1 lover, *o@B c*. ton.
fci'i'B AW— 2s&SoC V bale. .
BKANS AND Ml l)>.
Lima and colored Beans, though dull, are well
held. Whites are easy. Seeds are nominal In the
absence of bus ness. ! : ■ ■;: . " '•
BEANS — Bay os, $1 50@l 65 9 ctl: Smail
Whites, $1 10@l 20 f( ctl; Lar;e Whites, $1®
115; Pln*s, $1 10@l 25:" Reds. $l-.10®125;
Blackeye, $1 25(«A1 35: Ked Kidney, $2 '25: Ltmas,
$1806$2; Butters, $1 25@1 60; Pea, SI 10® 1 30.
SJiEuS— Brown Mustard, 82 sO(ai-*75: Ye low
Mustard. $1 75ftt2 \, cil: Flax, $l'soffll bO: Ca
nary >eed, 13^(^)21/40 '# Ib; Alfalfa. 6%c; Rape,
2V ((t2%c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4Vbc. s ~ ; •
1/Kli-.' PKAS— Nlles. $I©l 20 f* ctl; Green,
$1 40(»l 50 i* ctl. .- - ■; -
POTATOES, O.MONj, VEGETABLES.
Onions are doing better, but Potatoes ■ remain
about rue same. • Vegetables are generally steady.
POTATOKS— New Potatoes, 2y 2 <33Vic; sweet
Potatoes, $1(^1 75accordln^toqDalltv: Early Rose.
65(ai7.ic; River Keds, 70@80c; Bui hank Seedlings.
600570 C r ctl for Rivers, 90c-roisl 10 for Salinas and
6Mg,s.ic for Petalumas; Oregon iiurbanka, ,75©
$] 01. -.' ■ " ■-. • t«.- - ■
ONIONS— 60@l 75* ctl; Cut Onions, 76c@
$1 25; Oregon 3, $1 60@2
VKGKTa Mushrooms are ■ quotable at
lOrglAc'i* ib; t- gg Plant, 10c If* !b: Hothouse Cu
cnmber«. 50c(g,$l 25 '#doz9i>; Asparagus 10c "$ 1b
I'orcommon a"nd 12i/jfa>l.c for choice:. Rhubarb,
$1 51(4.: «* box: Los Angeles Summer Squash,
— 'ft iix.: I os Angeles Green Peppers, 75c'*51: Mar
rowfat Squash. B£@t> 'f( ton: Los Angeles Tomatoes,'
60r@$l ou%*b(.x: Dried • Pepper*, 7c?lb; Green
i.'cas. 3®sc: Los Angeles String Beans, iO®l2V2c;,
Dried Okra. B@9c t lb; Cabbage, 40®50c * cil;
Carrots, -s®3jc $ sack; Garlic, li/ @'Jc %i lb.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS. '
BUTTER— Dairy Butter continues to weaken.
No change In Creamery.
; Creamery— Fancy creameries, 7 18@19c; sec
onds, l*@l7l/ a c * Ib. '■"•-■•,
Dairy— Fancy, K@lsc f*-tt>; good to choice,
13rg>13V^c: lower grades. 12@12V«iC.: ...
Pickles— l3c t* &> for old and 16c "$ Ib for new.
Firkin— lßc V Ib for old and 15c 1* Ib for new.
Cbeamery Tub— 16@17c «* tt>. :. •
CHEESE-Almost a) -ids nave again de
clined. Choice mild new, 7y.>@Bc: common to good,
«@7c: Cream Cheddar, lO@llc; Young America,
B@Bo $ ft; Western, lie:. eastern. J4@lsc.
i- (;(is- r-fa iv unJer decreased receipts. Ranch
Rggs, 12@13y a c; store Eggs, ll@l2c «4 doz; Duck
Eggs, 15c. . ; ---.-■ ■■■■•■■; /.:
POULTRY AND "•- GAME.
POULTRY— California stock is in very light re- |
ceipt ,but there Is plenty lot Eastern,|whlcb is sell
ins; at 85 50 lor young Roosters, $4 50 lor Hens,
$3 50@4 for old Roosters and $•> ior Fryers.
Young Ducks and Boosters; Fryers and Broilers
are higher. Old Roosters and Hens are dull. :
Live Turkeys, 14&1& Cf) Ib for cobblers. 14f&16c
1* Ib lor Hens: Dressed Turkeys. lf>@lßc $ Ib:
(ieese. fi pair $1 50®1.75: uos'inzs. $2 50@3;
Ducks, $4 sti@s for old and «6 50@7 60 lor young;
liens. ?3«4 ■$• dozen: Boosters, youn.-, $';@ti;
do. old. $3(6)3 so- Fryers, *5 fiO <tt>: Broilers, *<l 50
fi:> 60 .or large and $3 50@4 for small: Pigeons,
2 60@3 la doz for young and $1 26@1 50 for old.
GAME— There are not enough birds coml;ig in
to quote. Hare. 60@7flc; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
torualls and $1 25 ior small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Good Apples and Oranges move off well at steady
prices. Lemons and Limes are dull. ■ :i" '.v
DECIDUOUS FRUIT*—
Apples, 81 50@2 si box for choice and $I@l 25
for common. ■ • , ■
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $1 75@3 %* box: Seed; ing*, 75c@$l 25 IB box;
Lemons,- 5 ic<Bsl for common and $1 25@2 for
good to choice- Mexican Limes, $4@5; California
Limes. 75c: Bananas, $I@2 «* buucii: Pineapples,
»^@4^doz. _______ '
DRIKD FRUITS, KAI<INS, NUTS, ETC.
There is still no live to the market. ... ' -/'
DRIi-.D FKUlTS— Quotations are nominally as
follows: Peaches, 4Vi@sV 2 fancy, 6@6y : peeled,
10@12%c. Apricots, by 2 ia,B%c; Moorp»rK<, 10(#
lie: evaporated App es, o%c: sun-driea, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 2y,<S!3c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, out:
white Figs. 2"v 2 ®4c; Plums. 4@sc for pitted and
l@'2c for unpiut-d: Nectarines, ■italic Ib forprlme
to fancy; Pears, 2^i@4c for whole, 2y a @sc tor
quarters and 3@4c for halvei.
RAISING— ■■ ■ ■
Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose. 63/»c:
three-crown, 43/ 8 c ~& Ib: two-crown, 33/ 8 c •$ _>;
seedli ss Sultanas. b\'»c; seedless Muscatels, 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers. $1 16: clusters. $1 60:
Dehesa clusters. $- t>o; Imperial cluster*, $3;
dried Grapes. ;!o «ji It.
Jobbing Pricks-Sax Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, &"4c; 3-ciown, 4%c: 2-crown. 3%c; seed
less Sultanas, 5»4c; seedless Musca.eis, 4y 2 c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 tt'J;
Dehesa clusters, $- 75: Imperial clusters, $3 25. .
IS UTS— chestnuts quotable at B@lo-; Walnuts
6V2@7c t Ib for standard and »@9'/ 2 ; %* Ib for
shell: Almonds, f(a.6V2C for Lan«..edoc. 3@
3 V3l for hardshell nil B<s9e * Ib for puperji.ell; j
Peanuts, 4<S)6r Ib for Eastern and 4o lor Cali- ]
fornia: Hickory Nuts P@6c %* Ib: ' Pecans. 7y 2
V lt>: lilhtrts, 7y 2 @Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 'aßo;
Cocoanuts, $s(a>s £0 v '00.
HONEY— 10@12y c for bright and s@9c
for lower grede-i; water-white extracted, 6@sVs<s:
light amber extracted, 2 ®43/ic; dark amber, 40
4V«c: daric. *@3c <£ Ib.
BEESWAX- i:i.'<S2sc %k Ib.
PKOVISIONS.
All descriptions are quiet and unchanged.
CURED UK ATS— Bacon. 6y 2 c^ Ib for heavy, 7C
Vtb for light medium. 9y a c for light, 10c %* Ib for
extra light and 1 1 V^c ft Ib tor sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured' iliirnH, ll@l2 1 California |
Hams. llxaiOi/fjc; Mess Beef, »7@7 60; extra j
mess do, $BfS>H oO: family do. $9 su@lo; extra
prime Pork, $7 50-2.8; extra clear. *16 V bbl:
mess, $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c iS Ib.
LARD— i-.astern ti-rces is quoted a: 53,1 c for
compound and 6i/i(SlB%c for pure: pails, 7 Vic;
California tierces. f>h'4-<Bi& a /i e for compound and
6i/*@OV2C for pure; baU-bbis, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7y c:
do. 6 tb, 7S/ic yp _.- .. : .
COTT(iLKNc;-sV3@s : '4c In tierces and 73/i@
8y 8 c In 10-lb tins. _ , '. v ..;f !
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDKS AND SKINS— Tho market is still dull.
Culls and brands sell lc under sound stoci. Heavy
salted steers So V Ib; medium, 7c: light. 6@,6V2c;
Cowhides, 6(8)6' '•>>:: salted Kip. 6c %1 8): salted
Calf. 7@Bc; ted Veal, 6c: dry Hides. l'Ji/ 2
13c: culls and brands, 9y2@ l Oc «* Ib: dry Kip and
Veal, 9@loc; dry Calf, l&c: calls, 10c; Goatskins,
lio@3seach: Kids, sc; Deerskins, Rood summer,
25c ft Ib; medium, 20c; winter, 100: "Sheepskins,
shearlings, JffnJ'-'Oc each; short woo!, 25(g)35c
each: medium, 30@45c each; lung wools, 40(g60c
each.
TALLOW— No. I, rendered. 3@3»4c <p Ib: No. 2,
2yoC: refined. sc: Grease, 2c tt>.
WOOL— Several lota of Spring clip have been re
ceived, but no quotations have yet been estab
lished. Tne market is quiet, owing to lack of
stuck for buyers 10 work on. Ban Joaquin, 4@6c;
Eastern Oregon, 7@loc t« Ib.
HOPS— 6(dißc for fair to choice and 9©loc 9 Ib
for fancy. Old Hups are bard to sell, even below
our lowest quotations.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Gram Tags, spot, sc: June-July
delivery, 51/gc; Son Quentln, sc; wool Bags, 24Va
@26y a c y-jy ; •. ■--•' : ;-ff
COAL- Wellington, $8 .'& ton: \ New Welllnston,
9S perton;--KouthUeld Wellington. $7 60 9 ton: I
Seattle, 16 50; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
"ft ion; Wallsend, Stt 50 ijk ton: Cumberland,
$13 50 '■? ton in bulk and $1& in sacks; Perm- |
sylvania, Anthracite Egg. »1 1@12 ft ion; Welsh j
Anthracite. $B®lo;Cannel. *8 ton; Rock |
bprings, Caslle Gate and ; Plcasan. Valley, $7 60;
Coke, $ll®l2ln bulk and si:-; ton 111 sks. .v,
CANNED FRUlTS— Cberriej, . olack or red.
2Wlb, extra, $2 $ doz: White Cherries, 2y g -lb,
extra. $"2 &0; 2 -lb standards, #2 10; Peaches-
Yellow, free, *1 10@l 50: Apricots-9Oc@sl 05;
Raspberries, $1 75; strawberries, $1 75.
CANNEi» VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 70c
dozen 'JV™ Ib tms: I'e.is— 25 dozen.
COFFEK - We quote: .
Costa Rica— l9Vb@2oy a c ¥Ib f or good to prime
washed; 18V,@19cforKood; 17®loc lor good mixed
with black Ufa .s; Its@l7c fur fair; 10y a (jg»14c nom.
for common to ordinary. • •
salvai OR-lvya@'6y2C^ tb for good to prime I
washed; 16@17c tor fair washed; I»y 2 @i9^ic for j
good to prime washed peaberry ; 15(g»lay2C for su- ■
i.erior unwashed; 14»ic lor good unw»islud: 17%
@18c for boo I to prime unwiisheJ peaberrv.
GUATEMALA AND .MEXICAN— 2C<s2lc 1* Ib for
prime 10 strictly prime washed: l!'@l9S,4c for
good tostrictlvuood washed; loVi©^ 1 /:^ * 16 for
fair washed 13y 3 @lsy2C for nuoium: ll@l3clor
ordinary; 8@103.4c for' inferior to common; 19V!>@ j
20y 2 c tor good lo prime washed peaWrry; 171/2®
18c; tor good to prime unwashed peaberry.
. FISH— ihe 1896 each of Pacific Cod Is well
cleaned up ana 1h97 fish are now quoted as follows:
One hundred-pound rases. 4 S ,4C & Ib; 50-lb
bundles (1896). 33/±c: Boneless (iB9C). sVic: Miu
dies. BVi»c: Blocks, tiWjC*7c; Desiccated, 8. c %» do/.; j
Pacific Herring, 15c %* bow: Dutch do, 90c(&$l 10 |
■«* keg: Whlietish. $1 50 in half-bbls and $1 75 in
kits: Tongues and Sounds, $12: Mackerel, bom— |
No. 1, $20: No. 2, *18 oO; No. 3. $17; half-bbls— |
.no. 1, »9C<«9&O; No. 2, $8 50@9: No. 3, $8 50:
kits— No. 1. 91 50: No. St. »1 2&; No. 3, $1. <;-,'■'-
QUICKSILVER-? 8 76 & flask.
OlL— California <. aiior Oil. cases, No. 1,95 c;
bb!s. 900 %i gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
< 11, In bbls, boiled, : J -8c: do raw, !)«c: cases. 3c
more: Lard Oil. extra winter rained, obis. 55c:
No. 1, 4Ac; cases, 5c hisher; Cnina Nut, 4ti@s2c
® iinlion. - .' . ■ • .
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— The StanJ
ard Oil Company qu tes as follows: Waterwhlte
Coal Oil. in bnlk.'luVfec; Pearl. oil. in cases, 16c;
Astral, do, 16c; Scar, do, 16c; Extra star oil, in
ca->es 20c. Ela ue, do, 21c; Eoiene, do. JBc; De
odorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, liy 3 c; do, in
cases. 17( : -63° Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk.
10y c 63° do, in cases. 15% c Bo° Gasoline' in |
bnlk/20c; 86° do, In cast's. 25c $» enl.
SB WHITE LEAD— Quoted »l r.V4@3y 2 c %* m.
RED LEAD-Quotable at 6Vi@jVic "|R Ib.
TURPENTINii— In cases, "lv; in Iron barrels,
39c; in u-coden ban els, 41c 9 Ib.
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6's, 16 Oz, 7y a c; 14 oz,
63/ 4 c: 12 oz. 6c; JO oz, 614 c. Granites— 16 oz,
8V" C : 14 oz. 7yjc; 12 oz, fp: 10 oz. 6y 4 c. -:
LEATHER— Continues dull. Harness, heavy.
Is quotable at 30@35c $ Ib: do medium. 28c V tb:
do light. 24@25c'$lb: Rougn Leather, 19St21u j
* Ib: Kips $400.5 per doz»n: Calf. 70;gi9 Oc: i
Roujh splits, B@9c; Belt-knife '. splits, 12@
14c; Collar I.eath-r, black, liy»@l3c 9 foot: |
do, russet, llV2@l3c; ; Skirling Leather, 3iy @
35 V Ib. . ■ . : t '
; SUi-AR-The Western Sugar Refining Company,
quotes, terms net cash: Cube en 1 Crushed, 63^0;
Powdered; s>/*c; Fine Crushed. 684 c; Dry Granu
lated, 46/ g c:' Confectioners' A, 45/ 8 o; Magnolia a,
41/ic: rxiraC, 3 c: Golden C, -ie; half barrels
Vie more than barrels and boxes a c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKET.
No further change of any consequence.
Wholesale rates for dressed' stock irom slaugh
terers are as follows:
BE KF— First quality, 6c; second, s@sy a c; third
do. 4@4y 2 c « Ib. " ■ ■•• - • • .
VEAL-Large. 6@6c; small, 6@<c Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, tt@6y a c; Ewes, By 2 @6c
?, tb. . ■ ' -.--.... '.>■'"': ■' "■' ■•■■
LAMB— Spring, He V Tb.
. PORK— Live nogs, syzr^s^c i» Ib for large and
3y B @)4c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©tic $ ib. . ; ■..'..■■■■ ■
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. B@loc each for No. 1 and 5y 2 @6y2C for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 f* cord; Oak, rough, SB 50;
peeled, »9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBARK— V; '
LUMBER— Rates are nominal.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOt'RS. .
Flour, or nlcn "... .6,778 1 Bullet ctli..._, 68
Washington... 4,4B2 iChreie, cv»..,. — 14
Wheat, ctls. -;..-.. 24,327 h.w». uoi — 6,42'J
Karloy. ctls...^. 37.252 illdet. no „ 671
»ans. 5ki.;..... J.53S J'elti. bdl» ...... 478
Oats, Wash, cUs. 8,6u0 Win*, gals - 22,500
Potatoes, sitj.... 2,000 Lime. bbls. ..."..-■' 162
Oregon " 675 Quicksilver, flsfcs , 40
Onions. •»«.•.._.'■' '-■ 203 Wool., di«.... ..._■/> 44
Hay. i0n5....._ 164 Flax»eed,"sks.... '■; "
Straw, ions. * : 3.i Washington... 214
liran. ■_... 3,664 Paper, reams.... 1,000
.Middlings, i... 1,735
. " : ■/■■—- — — • — •'..» _' — - _
THE STOCK. MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker in the afternoon yes
terday, inougb the decline was insignificant.
The Ophir asseniment falls delinquent In office
to-day.
The report of the superintendent Of the Hale <fc
Xorcroas mine for the past week Is as follows:
Wade necessary repairs to Hie main north drift.
90U level, upraise 2— Advanced the west crosscut
lrom the tenth floor 12 feet, io:al length 'J6 rtet;
face in quartz. Advanced the north drift started
from the tenth floor 7 feet, total length 14 feet;
tace in old fills. The mine wa« closed since last
report until the 3d, rep iring rnach nery.
The anuoiil meeting of the Hale <fc Norcross
Mining company will be held to-day.
The annual meeting of the Potosl Mining Com
pany will be held to-aay.
The annual meeting of the chollar Mining Com
pany has been tailed for March 17.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company and the
San Joje Water Company will pay monthly divi
dends of 60c per share each to-day.
'Ihe^prlnc Valley Water company will pay a
monthly dividend of 50c per share on March 20.
/isseßSinem* I'en cling.
followjnE is a list of assessments now p«n-*lnf. '
L'on 1
lulllon
'liver King
Cureka
alia. ..............
Jest & Belcher
tides. .
)t.hir
iccldental.
'on Imperial.
Jentuck...
tlpba C0n.:...
iierra Nevada...
Jelcher
Jexican. .......... .•
ilta .:.... .'..
.'on. Cal. & Va.
49
-16 •
[1*
2e
'""'43
70 -;
-6
38
13
IS
"**64
66
65
8
10!. Feb 14 .Mch 11
•-s. Feb 18 .Mch 29
26. Feb lh .Mch 16
06. Feb -I .Mch I-
_E .Feb 26 .Mch __
10 .Mch I .Mch V.9
: 25 .Mch B. Mch 30
10 .Mch 13. Apr 6
01 .Mch 19. Apr IS
,05 .Mch IP .Apr 14
05. Apr 2 .Apr '-7
20 .'Apr 2
25. Apr 2. Apr 27
20. Apr »|.Apr 23
l's.Apr 4 .Apr '_»
251. Apr B. May 3
• BOARD SALES.
Frlloirijg were 'he tales in the San Francisco
Ptcck Board yesterday:
BKGCLAR MOKNIXd SESSIOV, roMKWCWff 9:50.
20 » 8dt8......78|300 H&N.-..88 100 8 NT..... 29
300 n.u.r...1.0U200 Mxlc. 29 40J * J»Uit«..2»
650 CC&V...l.tit|luu uvrmn....lo
AFTERNOON SESSION — 2 :SO.
400 Andes 20; 6J C 1'0int»..20,550 P0t051....39
850 CC<tV...l.ofyiOo llit.\ b7:2uO i _U..lti
500 V lmp....oiilUo cir.n-r 9&I
Following were tne umij in the Pacific) stock
£ oarU yesterday: -'..'o'^
. BFBDLAR SF.9BION— IO:3O.
ion A1nna.....06 260 Cn11nge... 39 1)0 Ocod 09
2')o Alt* 04 d6O CC_V...1.55 201> - 08
300 Anrie* 20 JJO V.V.v; I.6'< 250 0nh1r......97.
40'J i'.eich«r. ... 'jc ZLO ......... .l«/ 8 IXOO Potoat ...41
10.1 ti&H......7y 200 ...... 1.62y 2 <>oo Savage.... 36
300 „ ....75 10J Conn 97 30; s-N-v SO
110U i.ullic.-n..1. .'O'J CrwnPt..2C 100 Btnrd 6
10L» ............ 11 laOO G«tC S3 40U Union bo
400 Caled I; 2000 ......... .34 200. 31
800 Chollar. 1.10 2UJ H&IS .87i20J * ■**— 29
bUO 1.02 Vi .'OO Mexican-US) 700. ............30
200 .. ...... .at
AFTERNOON SKSSIOX— 2:3O.
400 Alpha OC|7SJ C lmp...»ol*JJo P0t051....39
300 Alta 0<;:S0 .'.02 2UO 40
10J Andes.....Vo 20UC Point. ...2t JO I f«va;e....34
! liOJ fcelcner...2t!7oJ ujtc ...34 600 Scorpion.
; 100 li*. 76 00 HAN 87 SOU 8&M...04
101) ....« :. 76.100 Julia 0512J0 M Nev......29
SOJ 8u11i0n.... J-. Ji»» Justice. 1000 bll Hill.. 01 i
•Jiiu Caleda.... 131600 L Wash. ol 60 sidrd....lfl/ '
I '^00 Chaliite..Bß ; JOJ Mexican. . 0U100.....3U
70) Choir... iJUO :....3O 100 31
200 ......... 96 ! j5j 0cc1dt1....0& 300 Uiaii 05
150 Ct!*V...l.sn'js i 0phir......942JJ V Jc*......i!9
10) Conn 9bHOO 96 500 30
500 Con N V...01 1 •■ • ■ - |' '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUES A Y, March 9 . 4 F. w
j-Ht.AiA-rd. '-;.:: Sift. Axic«*.
AlVhnCtm. ... «5 Ot 1011. ......_ «4 06
Ait*. - 03 04 Jnstlca......^. — 06
: Andes.!.".' -0 \il ivemuclc. 01 12
I Helcher .... 1« 20 Mexican .„ 29 31
Best «£ lieioaor 75 76 Nevada Qneeo. 19 —
Benton C0u.... — —Occidental..... 09 10
bullion 11 12 0ph1r,.. ..;.... 95 96
Caledonia. 12 la Overman.. ..^ OS 10
Chollar I.UO 'I.ob PoiosL.. ....._ 41 42
Con.Cal<ftVa... 1.55 1.60 5avage.. ....... 33 Ho
Coallenot Con. US 40 scorpion... ._, — 04
Con. impend. — 11 -se«. tielcbee... — 06
Confidence.... 92 — -liver HilL..., ,01 , »2
en: New Yuri — I'Si sierra Nevada 2b 29
Crown Point... 19 20 standard ......1.66 1.70
haattilerraNa* — 14 Syndicate. .._ .-— »4
l. uretaiu i ... — 35 Union U»u.._. 31 32
Exchequer .... 02 Ut»u 05 (6
i>vuiu_ Currr- 34 »5 itiiu«ji;»*« 'zn . 29
U m*_.Nui:cj:4. 86 881 ' ; ■'.'■';..;■
STOCK AND BOND -EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 9 -2 P. M.
. T7NITKH STATES BONDS.
J vi. a. i^.'.i. SUL Jll'«<1.
ÜB4s COBO.II2J* — C B«ares...ioi# 110%
Do new issue 23 —
MIBCKI.LANKOUS BONDS.
CM-stCbl«ss. U2 — (OuKUas 55.. — 104
Flee L 65129 liOy Lo ad is 55... )09y 2 110*4
Cntia(JWsj 96 Ib jiJtiniOu* tts.. 121» /4 li;2V*
Dpot-stex-cp — S-71/4 P«SO Ry6s. — US
Kdsn L<kP 6sl29*il3oys, P<tCh Ry 6s. 100 103 ,
F<SCURR(SsIO43/ 4 106 |Pwl-st RR 6*113 118
Gearv-st. Kssl' 0 103 j Reno, WLJtL — 10*
H C<£6 t>V^<. 10 i — iirarto I' A L — 100
LosAnz 92^100 bF&NPRS*.. 10) 101^4
Dov.nteea 6i — 102 SPRRArIzSi 92% —
Mnt-stCble6sl22y 8 - IsPKßCalos. — HOVi
Dolly Con OS. l(J4y» — .SPRK»_Ss. — 100
Nat Vin6s Ist — iOO >PBrßCal6s. 88 . 981/4
NevCNgß7s.lO3 105 BVWater6i.ll7S/,U7^i
NRy Cat Us. 100 ft - &VWater4s. 1003/gIOO v 8
.\ Ity 111 64. . — 95 r IbLktnli&Eo* 99-V»l«0yi
'ATKR STOCK I. \
Contra Costa S9y, 40 l^prnj Valley 9«s/ 68%
I M—tnCo. 48^ 613/41
«AS AND KI.KCTRrO 9 TOCIC^.
! Capital. ...... - 3 J 'Pacific Light 49% -
I Central. .; 9HV2 - S F G&Elec. 866/ 8 96%
M Kleo Llgb: 8y 3 9 -an l-Tuncsco 2 VVi
UatliL&H S3»/ 64 oiocktou..... — i*U
Pau uas Imp i)-~ 1/a '.<■'■ 2
* ' IX»JK*.VCiS KTOCKI
Flreinan'sFdlSO — |......
. COMM.in'--lAt, RAXIC «TT;Kv
Anelo-Ca1.... 80 — I First NatlonllHl 186
Bank of Cal.. 235 1/2 — London 8 —
Cal bD<fcTColo7 : »<4. — ilerchEx.... i.l —
FAVI.N'US BANK hTll C •
I B*rß<ftr,Co-1300 — !f»av Loan.. 105
I HumbtktL.liO I — security. 250 —
! Mutua1....... 35 42y 2 UalouTruat.a6l —
: bl-toav Union — 479 1 "
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 — OakSL&Ha/ _ HP
Gfar>-«t....- 38 45 Presidio 4i/ 9
_arl£et-at.... «a% ■■4 ' .
1 ,VU«.U sTOCKY
Atlantic n... IB 17 lOiantCon,... 32% S3i/ 4
1 Calilornla.... 87y a ll0 1V1g0r1u...... — 95c
i Eastern D.._ 79 82y l
; MIWKI.I.AS-KOIM «TO~KI
Alaska Tiers. 10Sy a 104 |Nat Vln Co.. _ 7Va
Ger Lead Co. M' 1011 ] OceanlcßSCo 24 2b
HawCfcSCo.. 17 17y B 'Pac Aux F A — ■ *
llutchSPuo K&l4 PacßoraxCo. ,' — 92
! MerExAssn- — ilo |Purf PalntCo — V
SALES— MORNING SESSION. '
Board — '■■ : >"''.--. : '-r.' .'; ;>
I 1000 Electric Light Eonds 180 00
I 10 Hawaiian Commercial IB 50 .
15 ' do do ....» 16 75
I 50 Hutchlnson SP C 0................... 10 25 ,
! a 5 S F G as & Electric Co »6 75
--20 do do s3O .■ 96 62i&
3000 S F <fc P Railway Bonds 101 00
Mrw
-150 Maricet-st Railway 44 00
Jsooo Market-st Xv Con 5% 80nd«...... 104 62y a
?700Ua V i% 80nd5........... ....:. 100 60
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board —
20 Hawaiian C0mmercia1.. .......;.;..: 16 87y a
2b do do 1700
75 Mutual Electric Light. ■ 9 00
i $JOOO Market-st Ry Con 6% Bonds .... , 104 021/2
• ft &V Water *8 'My,
! 45 do ao . .........;. 98 bo
i 41000 8 V Bonos 117 60
I MWI
| 175 Mutual Electric Llent 9 00
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Joseph M. Wood to Howard C. Holmes, lot on N
lint- of Broadway, 192:8 W of Fillmore, W 41) by
H 137:6: *10. . . '
drpha Burnett to Daniel Einstein, lot on X line
of Fultou street, 56:3 \V of Lyon, W 25 by R 100;
$10. .
E. W. and Eflie K. Hyde to David J. and Xellle
T. jj'lemlns.', lot on NW ronur of '1 wentv-second
and Sanchez streets, v» 25 by X 101:6: $10.
Louts and l.ache, LuuUler to Juiuts M. Bailey,
lot on W line of Hartford street, 148:6 N of
Twentietn. .\ 22 by W 125: $10. • ".
James M. and Florence Bailey to Louis Metzeer,
lot on \V line of Hartford stree:, 148 N of i wen
tieth, N 22 by W 126; *10.
Louis and Hachel [.and ln r to Caspar Moor, lot on
• W line or Vlcks>burg street, 45 N of Elizabeth, H
20 qy W $10.-
Caspar and Louise Moore to Lculs Metzgex,
same: $10. . . .
George and Marie E. Tourny to Bernbard A.
Becker, lot on N line of California street, 100 W of
btockton. W 20 by N 67:6: *10.
Bernuard A. liec»er to Maria Becker, same;
gift. - >r<wwßgp'W*wpfcwgaiaiwwt'M"a<|iiiiiiiiWiiii(,ii m,
Mary Dccarullle (Ortelli) 10 William Orteili, lot
on Mi corner of Roach .alley and Filbert street,
X 3D by i\ 61); 910. . .
Isnac C. bcliai IT to Margaret Gould; lot £ line of
Fifteenth avenue, 83:6 N Of U street, N 28, X
72:0. s 28, W 71:3: 10-
JohnQuistio Joseiiua Quist, lot 312, Gift Map
3: $10.
Solomon and Emma Ducas to Lon Welch, lots
1607 to 1011, same: $10. .
.William C, and Sarah J. Hamerton to Patrick
«nd Johanna Buckley, lot on W line of Chapulte
pec street, 225 s\V of Coso avenue, bW 25 by NW
70, lot 24 >, Gift M*p 8: $10.
Henry Biyi hand Will!. m J. Trott to Blyth &
Trott (a corporation), lots 9 and 12, block 45. Hun
ny 8 (ie; $10. . '
' Anue ana Thomas Kdstrom to Nellie Fleming,
lot on £ lln» of Vernon street, 100 8 of Shields,
N 25 b ■ X 200, lots 9 and 48, bock 23, City Land
Association: gift. . f : :.,-_., -. ■..,: >
- Peter R. and Margaret H. Woodman to Erneat
D. Wcodtnan, lot on N line of Silver- avenue, 250
W of CoiiKdon street,? .N 110 by W 50. lot Is,
block 9, Colleen Homestead Association: gift.
J. W. McDonald to William K. Rowlands, lot on
N line of Marquesas I street, 2 .5 £of Potomac. X
50 b,- N 108, ion 38 and 39, block 181, O'^'eil <fc
ey Tra.t; «10. . • .
' alaWeda COUNTY. • .
Uose Armstrong 10 John L. McCnlley, lot on W '
line of Cottage street, 215 Sof Santa Clara avenue,
s 25 by W .00, io: 17, : Enciual Home lots. Ala
nieda: $10. ; " •.:-".-- , -■/ :%••• :•;. .: , <■>■-:■ ■■■■-.'■'■. :: ■
• B. C. and Florence K. L von to : Henry J. Pfell
lot on :N W corner of Clierrr avenue ana Sherman
street, N 72.45, W 131. 32, SK 13J.88. 26 to be
ginning, being lot 11, block C, King Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10. •■' : -
Henry J. Pfell .o Henry Koot, same; $10.-
Peter and Jeane M. Calou to same, lot on W line
of : Cherry . avenue, ! 72.45 N of ■ Sherman street,
N 70, W 131.34, 1 h\V 68.68, S 62.36," E 131.52 to
beginning, r lots . 9 • and ■ 10, block C, King Tract,
Brooklyn Township; 10. ...
Charles HcCleverty ■< to Emily Halliday, ' re.
record of 605 d 76, lot 20, block 34. Warner Tract,
ran Jose, town of Pleaßsnton. to correct 275 d
same,' quit-
CiU L^(l^fd%ocleiy to First Presbyterian
Cnfrcn? lot. 13 and 14. M^v^V'dfianToaS'
Pernal portion of Rancho JEI Valie de san Jose,
M SSI VSffS'A* the Ey- of lot
14, block 2118, Alden Tract at lemescal 10.
Jraa and Lizzie P. Cochran to O . i.">lies, lot on
E line of f »n Pablo avenue, from > , line or
plat 6, Rancho Vicente .-.nd .. i '° mi "%f^'l;^ln
n& "nil v W 125 6 8 9J. E 187 to negin-
DtaWhK lo:» 1 to 4, « Si £.*<** M^RSJSS
division of plat 6, Ra.icho. Vicente and i '««""»»
Peralta: also lot on SE corner of Park avenue an^
Hoilis street, distant W from W line of san Pablo
avenue 1670. thence S 175. E 125. N Wl| 5 f < '»>
beginning being lotn 16. 17 and 18 and ***"?*
lot iy, bloc 5, map of plat 6, same, Oakland
Township; $10. • ■ ,,„,.,
Alice G. Johnson (by Tax Collector) to «- hBrl "
Babb the > 100 feet of lot 9, block 1, Clapp lract,
licrkt'lov " S2
. Charles' to F. A. Ring, same, Berkeley;
% 1 ( ) ' ■ ■ . ■,-■■ "
Alice E. and W. K. Mockbee to Henry A. Pleit
ner. lots £9 »nd 30, liogan's subdivision of IPS
22, 23 and 24, Kingsland Tract, .Brooklyn Town-
S Henry and Matilda K. (;avill to Rose M.. Bras'
well, lot on W line of Broadway. 66:s N of Kuena
Vista avenue, N 33 :4,.W 100. being a portion of
the N portion Of lot 2, Fancost Tract, Alemeda,
g J." P. Marlin to Alameda County, a rl?ht of way
10 feet in wi ith, the center of which Is described
as follows: Beginning at a point on the M. line
of [he main county road. San Lean ro, to Hay
wards, at a point NW 200 feet distant from ihe
line dividlne lands of J. Mar.in, J. L. Shunan, A.;
L. Stone and r.. B. Stone; thence NJC 164 feet to
tneiine dividing aforesaid lands, for the purpose
of maintaining a sewer, 1- den Township: grant. '
Sol Caiderwool to Michael O'Connor, lot on s
line of Seven;eeuth street, 1 ] 7 W of Jefferson, W.
Mi by S 66, block 271, Oakland, quite. aim deed;
$10.
I. K. Hassineer to same, same; $1800.
J. H. Burns Jr. to Oakland Bank of Savings, lot
on N line of East Twenty-third street, 195 ft! of
Thirteenth avenue. E 60 by N 150, block 141,
Clinton, East Oakland} $10
California Guarantee Investment Company to
John i itus, fractional block -5, bounded NE by
Jacicaon or East eleventh street, SE by Alsmeda
street or Second avenue, SW by Franklin or East
Tenth street, \V by san Antonio Creek and NW
by Bridge street or First avenue, East Oakland;
$10.
John F. and Annie Hendry to nl aggie Perry,
lots 5 and 6, Piedmont TrhCt, Oakland lownshlp:
910.
H. B. Plnney to Laura A. Pinney, subdivision 9
o' lot 35, Glen Echo Tract, Map 3, being a resub
divi,lon of lots 10, 16. 18. 28, 29. 35 to »9, Glen
Echo Tract. Map 2, Oakland Township: also lot on
E line of Boston avenue, 100 N of Chicago, N 50,
E 130, N sl>. E ISO, S 100. W 260 to beginning,
block B, Revised .Map Prospect Hill Tract, Brook
lyn Township; gift. •■:.■•
H. C Morris to Improved Order of Red Men's
Hall Association of Elmhurst (corporation), lot on
SE corner or Mountain View avenue and the
county road from oak.and to San Leandro, t. 150
by S 66, telng lot 1, biOCk 2, Warner Trace, Brook
lyn Township: $10. .
W. L and Jennie G. rattlanl to A.W. Patiiani, lot
on W line of Coaage street, 114:3 N of Central
avenue, N 50 by W 100. being lots 6 and 7, re
vised map of Encinul Home lots, Alameda; $10.
Builder's Contract.
L Lon-enberg with John Furuess, alterations to
a two-story frame building on s W corner of Elm
and Vau Ness avuuues, *118« i; Sa. field <fc Kohl
berg, architects.
MIKRORS OP AIR.
What it Is That Causes the Marvels of
the Mirage.
The cause of the mirage is now well un
derstood — so well understood that there
are ways of making small mirages for ex
periment.
The simplest explanation that I can
give is to say that the rays of light com
ing from the thing that is seen are bent in
going through layers of air that are differ
ently heated. When these rays are so
bent as to be almost level with a layer 01
air ihey do not enter it at all, but (so to
speak) glance off and are reflected as a
glass mirror or a body of water would, if
it lay between the eye aud the trees or
ship 3.
This explanation will give you a eeneral
idea of the cause of the mirage. In the
case of the desert the reflecting air-mirror
is believed by the observer to be water, and
the image changes its place as you go for
ward, just as a reflection would move as
you advance on a glass mirror. In the
case of the ship the air-mirror seems to be
above you, and reflects the ship which is
really out of sight over the horizon. But
I do not pretend to explain about the dit
ferent images that may possibly be formed
un'ler different conditions of the atmos
phere — that is a schoolroom task, and a
hard one.
Tne "fata Morgana" is a form of modi
fication of the mirage often seen in the
straits that separa-te the toe of the "boot"
of Italy and the island of Sicily, just op
posite. Wnen the sun ia just at the right
position and the sea :ind air arc also ready
to help, strange views of objects upon the
opposite coast are seen from Calabria —
sometimes magnified and seen against a
background of colored mist. "F.ita Mor
gana" means the Fairy of ihe Sea.
It is said that sometimes during a hot
and still summer day, by placing the eye
close to the surface of a dry road a mirage
can be seen, but I have never tried it.
Before th«se and other strange sights
were understood and explained, we need
not wonder that sailors and travelers held
many strange beliefs in regard to them. —
St. Nicholas.
IDE CALL CALENDAR.
1
March. 1597.
9
16
W. Th. I Fr. I
3 4 j 5
10 11 | 12
17 18 | 19
24 25 ! 26
131 I
-a . Moon's Phases
6 I _IJS New Moon,
__"& -March 3.
i
I 3 v-ViFlrs*. Quarte
— - xJJ March 11.
20 . - ■ ■'
<«"**, Full Moon.
— xgj March *&
r^-ast Quarter
-March 25.
"
! 15
-
21
I
j 22
23
29.1
i sol
88
NOTICE TO 3IAKi:\KIIS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrograptito
Office located In tli* Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained Id San -Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. . • . . .
Navigators are. cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete, sets of charts and tailing
directions of the world are kept on hana tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
.can always be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters, of Interest to ocean
commerce. 1 ! ■■-.■■ ,
;The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill 1» hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. l'2Oth meridian by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory »•, Mare Island.
Oat,
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. It
published the same day by the afternoon paper*
tad By the morning papers the following -I*'- -
W. B. Hughes.
Lieutenant 17. B. N.. In charge.
The Time Ball.
BEASCH ii ydbcw3raphic office, U. S. N.
- Mkrchants' Exchange V
_ San Kbaxcihco. Mar 9. 1897. )
The time ball, on Te.egraph Hlh was dropped
exactly at noon to-day—l.-c.; at noon or the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
■."• ■-■■! W. s. Hughes.
Lieutenant U. s. tf.. In charge.
SIN, MOON AND TIDE.
U £ITKD -TATBB '"OAST axd Oeob'tio BtTKVTtT
tikis and Heights OF HIOH AND LOW
Waters at Fort Poixt, E.vtbaxc* to
Sax Fkan-cisco Bay. - Publishku bt-OfK'
. cial Authority or thb Bupdbintexbiikt.
: Note— The high and low waters occur at tae
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five ni.mi later than ac Fort Poiut: Uie height
of tide Is :he name at both places. ■ '
March— lß97.
■■"; Weduesdav, March 10.
r1aea.. '..... .':!.."; 6 28; Moon rises......
sets ...:....:.... 6. 13 j Moon sets. o..Ba*c
l____Jl*t
I- w|
____ Feet !___ Feet !___]
H Wi ■..'•■. XV g W !
| Feet
11 3.40
12 j 4.44
i I. W
13 0.22
14, 1.-7
16] 2.22
11 3.11
I 4.6
4 6
I 3.01
.0.30 O.o| 0.-ft
1 11.3 ft 0.6 7.26
12.34 0.4 &i»
IB W 0.3 _ A*'
BBS ! 1.28
7.»1 *-• 2.1-|
I 8.13 4.6 3.00
| 9.10 4.8 343
, 2.8 : 1 1.1 1 *-_
I 3.1
.HW ; . ,
I 0.1 R. 58 3.4
—0.1 «30 3.8
I -0.1 1 '000 1 • 4.2
i - 0.0 10.26 4.6
•J. 4
2.1
Sots- In the aoove exposition of the tides the
tarly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second linn
column gives the second tide of the day, the thlnl
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except;
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights gtveu are additions to the
soundings on tut United Slates Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha
height, and then the number Riven Is subtractivj
from the depth given by the charts.
OCEAN STKAMKKS.
Dates of Departure From S»n Francl«£"-
STEAMKK ' | DKSTJJfATIOX. |
a* i m
1 PIKI
Areata
baa r>. a*. . ..
Czarina
ABlanchard
Koreka. ....
Umatilla....
Santa Rosa.
Farallon.'...
Pomona
U.W.Elder.
Coos Bay-..
Corona
Queen
►"latent i ''.l
i.o<>i Ha/ Men 10 10am i
Panama Mcb 10.12 _
COM it- v. Mch 10.12 .
Oregon porta.. Mch 10. spm
| Newport; Mch 11, v AU
j Vie <fc Put Snd Mch 12, !i AM
ban .Diego Mch la Haw I
Vauuin* ha.-, iMi h 13, 9 AII
ilnniooldtUa, Men 1;«. \ fu
Portlana Men 14.10 am
Nt-wpors Mch 15. IAMIl AM l
•*nn I'ieco . ! Mch 1 7 . 1 1 A m
Vlcit Put 3ud Mch 17 AM
; I'"" -•' ' , Mr IP li «v
! Pier I I
iPM 8 1
Pier *
Pier 13
Pi--.- 11
! Pier 1 -
Pier 11
i Pier _
i fie; 9
Pier 14
1 Pie.- 1 1
Pier 11
Pier *
p.- tl
STKAMEKS TO ABRITIC.
stkamkk | From " j ,_._
Alice BlaiicUarU
Wellington. .. .
Crescent City...
Amarapoora....
J-'arallon.. ......
Geo W. Klder. .
Santa K05a. ....
Zealand ia
snn Mateo
Pomona.-.....:
<00. 8ay. .......
Queen '•••'
Washtenaw —
Peru
City Sydney..;.
Corona ;.......
Areata ......
State of Ca1....
Czarina .......
£nre_a_. .......
North Fore. ...
Australia
Orizaba...
Dei Norte
I Portland...
! Departure 8ar .... ""."""
■ Crescent City... "'"**'
Champenco ...'...'...
j Vacuum* „„,■.. . °" **•••
'Portland ...".*.".'
! .San Pie^o 1".".""
| Sydney '.'.'.'.'.
Comot ..".*"*'
Humboldt 8ay.".".".'.."""'
i .Newport...
I Victoria & Puget sound
' Tacoma
China and J -Dan. .....
Panama *"'
Man I'le^o !".'.*.!.".'
Coos Bay '.'.'..".
Portland. '"'
Coos Bay
Newport. |
Humboldt 8ay......,""] >
] Honolulu "'
j Mexic0.......
I t.rnvs H_rnor.
• Men 10
..Mch 10
..Mch 10
.Men 10
Men 10
..Men xl
..Mch 11
..Mch li.
..Mch U
..Men 1-
. Mcli 13
..MchlS
..Men 13
..Men 14
..Mch 14
.Mch IS
..Mch '.5
r.Mchlt*
..Mch 16
..Mch 17
..Mch 17
..Mch 17
.Mch 17
Men 18
SHIPPING INTKLLIGKNtE.
Arrived.
. -V. '■;} TUESDAY. March 9.
Stmr Cleone. Johnson. 39 hours irom Cres
cent City; lumber. to AAV Beadle Co.
Stmr Eureka. Parsons, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass ana nidge, to Uoodall, Perietal
&Co.
Stmr Empire, Reed. 55 hours from Coos Bay;
m«l>e,etc. to < • <" * N Co.
Btmr Whltesboro. Johnso.-), 15 hours from
Greenwood; wood »nd lumber, to L E White Lui-<v
ber Co. -■:-_ •;•-••..■ • .•;• V
.stmr Czarina, Seaman. 44 hours from Coos Ba£A
uj.-is ■•. to J 1) sprockets <fc Eioi Co. -f\
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 16 hours from Albion,
via Kocl. nor. '27 hou s: lumber, to J X Haniiy. .
Schr Newark, Heck. 19 ■ uours from Bovvena
landing, 170 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
j Cleared
'; ':?}.*:'. TUESDAY, March 9.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond,Nanalmo;R Duns
muir & Co.
Stmr corona. Coran, Eureka; (ioodail, Perkins A
Oft
Ptmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka: Goodau, Peril a i
& Co.
Nor stmr Florida, H arisen. Comox: X Duasmulr
& Sons Ca .
j Stmr Dora, Anderson, Nauaimo and Sftlca;
Alaska Commercial Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, March 9.
What stmr Narwhal, Tilton. whaling.
. Whal stmr Belvedere, Mlilard, whaling. :
Etmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
tlmr Gipsy. Iceland, -ian'-a Crux.
, Scmr Corona. Jep»«n. San Diego.
Ftmr State of California, Green, Astoria. .
. Stmr Mlneola, Pillsbury, Tacumn.
Brstmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Simr Dora. Auuer.ioii, .\an» mo and .-i lea.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson. Mendoilao.
Stmr Homer. .lessen, Coos Bay.
BarK Mercury, Colby, port Blakeley.
Kkcn Eu:e.<a, Pnul>en. Tacoma.
Sclir Eureka. Erickson, Coquille River. • , .
Schr Moonlient. Spencer.
Schr Dora iiiulim, Larsen, Tacoma.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOROS, March 9- U p. •■*. — Westtur
clear; wlndNW: vmoci-v 16 mile*. '
' Charters.
The Nor ship Audvake loads lumber on the
Sound for Cork, 67s 6d.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Mar 9 — Ital ship Cavalier Clsmpa,bc«
Oct 25, arrived at. Falmouth with dock damaged.
Domestic Ports. .'"",-'
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 9-Stmr Albion,
from Coquille Kiver. . x '-''j
sailed Mar 8 --->our Twilight, for cos.
PORT . LOS ANGELES -sailed Mar 9— Rtmr
Alcatraz, for -an Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Mar 9-Bkn Uncle
John, lor San t r.turisco.
NEW WHATCOM— called Mar 9-Chil bark
Santa Rosa, far Valparaiso.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 9 -Sen r Ethel Zane, fra
San Pedro. - ■ :' - 1 :
- KEDONDO— Mar 9— Stmr Lajuna, frm
Fortßragsr. " ■ .. ',■
5g FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar B— Slmr; We>oi t,
hence Mar H.'.. - -»•.(..■■ , i : - .■. .■■»,
IVEKSEN3 DING- Arrived Mar 7-Sclir i
Ocean spray, hence Mar 3, and silled Mar 9 for I
San Francisco. . I
Arrive! Mar 7— Schr Ocean Spray, henre Mar 3, I
and sai'ed Mar 9, fo- >«ir fnMucu. . f
TATOOSH- Passed Mar 9-Bktn Skaglt, from
Port Gamble, for Honolulu. .
CLaLLAM BAY-In port Mar — Bark Melros-,
from Chemxinus, for Santa Ko.ihll:i.
£UKKKA— Arrived Mar 9— S.mr Pasadena, frm
San Pedro.
-Foreign Port*, .'-f.-. .
HONOLULU— Arrived F»b 20-Btmr City of
Peking, hence Feb 13; Haw bark Andrew Welch,
hence i-'eb 7.
>ai;e<3 Keb 20-Strnr City of Peking, for Yoko
hama: HBM stmr Year us, for Coquimbo.
Arrived Feb 17— Brst ur Warriinjo, from Vic
toria.' Frb 16— Bktn Geo C Perkins, from New
castle, N*s\V.
Sailed Feb 17— Haw bark R P Rllbet, for San
Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar B— Dan bark Havila
from Oregon.
LEITH-Arrived Mar B— Br ship •Verajeao, hce
July 25. via Barbados.
SHARPNESS- Arrived Mar s— Hal bark Esem
plare, hence Oct 22. ,
KlNSaLE— Passed Mar «— F.r ship Mashona fin
Liverpool, for >-an f rancrisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 31— Baric Harry Morse,
for San Francisco. Frb 3— senr Olga, for Hono
lulu, via Newcastle. NSW. . ■ ■» ■
FKEEMANTLK— SaiIed Jan 22- Bark Nonan
tum, for Newcastle. NSW. Jan Bktn News
boy, for Newcastle, N.-sW.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan 26— Bark Pal
myra, for sun Fran isco.
SYDNEY -In port Feb 6— Brshlp And el ana. for
Ban Francisco: Nlobark Dominion, for .-an Fran
cisco; Br ship El'esmer.\ for Sun Francisco; bkta
Mary .Wtnkt-lruai, for Honolulu: bark Oregon, for
j San Kranciscf. In port Feb 6— Nor bark Fortune,
for Honolulu; sc> r Golden shore, for Honolulu:
schr Olv». for Honolulu.
HONOLULU— In port Feb 22-Bhip May Flint,
hence Jan 24; Oktu Planter, frm Newcastle. NSW;
Br snip semanthr., nence Jan 31; schr Je<sie Mi
nor, from Euresa: Br baric i a:iao, from Newcastle,
NSW ; schr Aloha, hence Feb 3.
KAHULUI— balled Feb 22— Ship Geo Stetson,
for New York. . • - ■
COMOX— Sailed Mar 7— Haw itmr San Ma tea
for Srii Krancisco.
FALMOCTH-Sallod Mar 7-Brshlp Lord S»baft
esburv, lor Fieetwood; Br stiip Meinweu, for Llv
er uTJEEN*STOWN— «al'»"l Mar 7— Br bar* Asto
ria, tor Limericic; Ital bark Oriente, for Newcastle
COLON— Mar 5->tmr Valencia, for New
GItIMSBY — Arrived alar 5-B« ship Forest Hall
HT7IX— Arrived Mar 6— Ship Clarence S Be
menu from Tacoma. .
KOBK-ArnveJ Mar 5-Brstmr Agapanthn^
from real tie. - $ 1
JloTtuieuti of Tran«- Atlantic Steamer!
p»K\v U).SK-Arr;v»l Mar 9— Stmr California,
from Mediterranean ports; i:mr Alesia, trom Ma|C
-ail'l Mar 9— Stmr AUer, for Bremen.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Mar 9-4: mr Siberian.
' Importation).
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 7 bbls sweet potatoes,
1 bx or»n«ej, 1 pks md-*e.
San Pedro and East San Pedro— 3o cs canned
tish. 7 cs sardines, 4 cs 1 ke« olives. 28 bxs lemon*.
1«5 dxs oranges. 1 bdl t«ine, '2 oxs bolts, Ibx
hardware, 1 bx bicycle goo Is.
Hueneme— 4 cs "res. 1 bx butter. .
Ventura— l sk coffee. 1 bx butter, 1 obi baking
powder. '£ pkes spades, 193 bxs oranges, 1 pkg
cas Ings, 72 bxs lemons.
carp nteria— 4l bbls Aiphaltum.
S«nta Barbara— 2B bxs lemons, 7 bbls mineral
water. •
Uaviota— l9 sks crawfish, 3 bxs butter.
'■' Monterey— 33 bxs apples.
Port Harford-l ox billiard balK 50 bUsbldei
and pelts, 1J cs cheese, 28 bxs butter, 34csesgs,
.MO Sits barley, 1486 sks b^aus.
. San Simeon— 97 bxs butter, 16 dressed calvej. 8
cseg^s. .
ucos— lo2 bxs 2 tubs batter. 7 ea ••***. 1 ox
hardware, 2 sks a balones. 5 cs cbers?, 15 dreased
ROCKPORT-Per s-cotia-173 M ft lumber.
Albion— 7s M ft lumber.
COOS HAY— Per Czarina— llso torn coal, 1 bain
flanuel, 90 sks potatoes, 1 tank, -1 drum cheese, X
tk coin, - pKgs express. -■ . •' ' ■
Consignees. «.'•
' Per, Czarina— J r»sprecke:s A Bro» Co: Bando:i
Woolen- mi Is: McDonough & Runyoa; Wei mau,
Peck & Co: Wells, i-'arso ACo ; llulme J£ Han. % ■
Per scotia-J R Hanlf.-; Albion Lumber Cn.
.. Per Eureka— L f-catena <fc Co: J II Cain A Co:
Farmers' Commission -Co: Win Cnivl ers; i «wl*
Facklnx Co: . Wleland Brewing Co: II aw ley Bros;
Garcia <fc Maesinl; Norton, Teller *Co -aiuiiel
Bros: A Fruit Co: W W Montague* Co: A 1£
Hal .lit tfc t:o: Hllmer. BredhotT «fc scnulx: Joii-s<S
Co; O B Smith 4 Co: Klver Exprivs: I'rice Bak
ln; Powder Co: J Ivancovich &Co- Geo II lay &
co: Wheaton, A. o Hooker & Co; Geo B
Starr. J B Ineiulia: Levl Splevel & Co; s Lsry <$* .
Co; A J Blmmeli DodKe. >vtwd*v >X \.n; «.hic"a';(ia|
Brewery; American Union Fish Co: A PalaUirtt: iW,
Ileiuartliii: H Klrcbmann »V. Co; 1C 11 Koo.l & CnV/
Bisslnger <t Co-: H Cl.f ion; ' C E Whltnov A t_' , n*
Walde.k: Dodge, Swepnev A Co; O U Smith * Co;
Dairymen's Union ; Ross it Hewlett; Ililljßros- A
Wy«:.wiuel & Baker: 11 Tllden <fc Co; August
Jungb in: Basset A Bunker: Western Meat Co; 11
Me n & Co; Brtcham. llonue A C"; L Juil A Co:
Frederlcksourg Brewery; Emerprl«c hrowery; li
H S.itt er: Marshall A Helm rs: Sinsheimer ßros;
Wellman, Peck A Co: W C Price &Co ; b" I', a Co:
L D Stone A Co: KowalskyACo: Bros A Co:
De Bernard! A Co: I standard Oil Co:' K.veleth A
Nas'i; Cbas Montgomery A Co; V D Wolf; Smith*
Cash Store. » .THOMAS THE
NEW MAYOR
Republicans Win a Solid
Victory in Alameda
County.
SALOON-MEN SURPRISED
AT THE REStJLT.
The Complete Returns Show
That There Were Surprises
in All of the Wards.
A DEMOCRAT FOR CITY EN
GINEER.
Davie and P inol Will Stir Up th:
Departments Durin; the Remnant
of Their Reign.
MAYOR-ELECT THOMAS BFEAXS.
: ving been elected Mayor of Oakland by a
f, ralifr of about 100 votes I fee! that I
ban .0! sufficiently express my gratitude to
who have helped to bring about tbis
result.
I desire to sincerely thank all my Repub
lican irk-nds, citizens and all who con tributed
i i-i my success and to assure them that I will
uo ail in mv power to prove that their confi
dence has not been misplaced, and that two
years nence they will not regret their choice
of yesterday.
I have been compelled by illness to keep out
oi tne active work, of the campaign. Tiiis
made it necessary ihat the part I should have
taken In helping the Republican ticket should
l>e borne by others. They bore it nobly and
veil and I cannot adequatily thank them.
I shall .go into office absolu.ely free from
pledge. 1 have not promised to support or
oppose a sing;e measure that may come before
in*. I have made no promises regarding any
position the appointment to which may be
tattled by my vote.
I realize tne great responsibility that has
bte i placed upon me, and I shall endeavor to
f how.the people of Oakland that I am worthy
in some degree of their support and confi
dence.
I have already outlined in The Call what I
■would d<> ii elected Mayor. My entire efforts
will now be directed to carrying out those
pledges.
I will strive to give the city an honest,
economical and business-like administration,
and keep the texes as low as is consistent with
the public good.
I shall strive to beautify the city, make good
roads and keep public buildings in good re
pair, and wi.l employ none but citizens of
Ojkland, so that the money spent by the
municipality may be kept at home,
I snail encourage competing railroads to
make their terminals in Oakland, and shall
•work assiduously toward the prosecution of i
the water-front suit?, and, after that vast prop- j
ertj shall be awarded the city, I shall do ah J j
can to encourage the establishment of manu- j
facturing enterprises alone the water front.
' 1 realize that for the next two years lam to
be the servant of the people, and my sole de
l EiwwlH be to be faithful to my trust.
1 W. R. THOMAS. |
f Oakland, Marc h 0 ,- 1 897.
OAKLAND'S >' XT CITY COVERN
31EVT.
Mayor TT. R. Thomas
City Auditor K. W. Snow
City lreasurer .'i.Z. T. Oil pin
City Engineer R. 31. Clement (Dem.)
City Attorney XV. A. Dow
• ' COUNCIL3IEX AT LARGE.
W. I>°. Heitmnnti.
X: C. Cuvellier.
W. B. Princle.
G. J. Karl (Dem.).
BOARD Or EDUCATION AT LARGE.
«J. A. Britton.
■J. W. Evans.
Dr. M W. Knox.
John Rusi.
LIBRARY TRUSTEES.
William Atmei.
F. S. Page.
L. J. Hardy.
John G. Hoyt.
B. A. i.abf.
cocNciuun by WARDS.
First James Men tie berry
Second F. R. (irard
Third M- W. Upton
J'ourth C. U. Bro*nahan (Dem.)
Fifth A. Fibush (Dem.)
Sixth William \Yutkiii»..n
Seventh II D. Howe
SCHOOL DIRECTORS BY WARDS.
First.. C. H. Kedington
Second '-. B. Clement
Third J. H. Todd i
Fpnrth Giles H. Gray
Fifth..! :..... David Rutherford i
Sixth C L. In li r
Seventh W. J. Wilcox
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
008 Broadway, March 8. )
The complete returns of the election
were Known early this morning and they
snow that the Republicans can throw the
ioard of Public Works. That body will
■ cons.ituted of Mayor Thomas, City
Jiltorney Dow, Republicans, and R. M.
Clement, Democrat.
Yesterday's work produced many sur
prises. Captain Thomas only won out in
his fight for Mayor by about 100 votes over
Mayor Davle. W. A. Dow ran very close
to T. F. Garnty for Ciiy Attorney until
the las: precincts were received and only
had 249 vote* more than was necessary to
Insure his election.
The defeat of Arthur "VV. Wilson, the
Republican candidate for City Engineer,
was not a surprise. Mr. Wilson antago
nized many of the elements that
caused his election two years ago and
seemed so certain of h s re-election that
he did not take reasonable precautions to
insure their friendship. Although his
vote is nearly twice as large as that of two
years ago it was still more than 300 too
jittle to reach that given to K. M. de
merit.
Mr. Wil*on was whispered to death.
for several member* of the police and tire
department have been doing their ut
most to defeat his re-election, because of
the many manifestations of favoritism
that have been shown in those depart
ments and credited rightly or wrongly to
Mr. Wilson.
The campaign against the saloons ended
very differently fioni what was expected.
The saloon men themselves were the most
surprised people' in the city when they
learned that the effort to close them out
had be^n lost by over 13C0 votes. In
speaking of the matter to-day, Rev. Dr
Kumnier said that the result was very
4 atifving, as it was only a preliminary
\ ir.-nish. He said that they were dis
couraged but tboucht that the fact of be
inz able to gain nearly 4000 votes out of
OOOOin favor of absolute dosing after a
campaign of but one wees was splendid
Work.
There will certainly be nimy political
sensations durine the next month. City
Attorney Peirsol and Mayor Davie, who
will go out of office, have always been
bitter political antagonists. Peirsol has
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
always voted with City Engine*! Wilson,
but during the past month Wilson has
used all his energy to try and elect Mr.
Dow, and this has caused n rupture be
tween the twins of the boarj. Now Peir
sol and Davie are in that mood when any
thing if likely to happen, and as they pro
fess to believe that Chief hair of the Fire
Dapartment and Chief L'oyd of the I'olice
Department and some other employes
have been doinc politics, contrary to the
rules, it is not impissible that before
the end of the week some of these gentle
men under suspicion will be accorded the
privilege of taking a Holiday.
The new Board of Works will be a com
plelechanee, noueof tlieold members hav
ing been re-elected. It is practically cerriiin
that ttiey will maketheusu.il changes in
the heads of departments, and thi3 will
cause considerable discussion for the next
few weeks.
Councilman Bnssett, knovn as "Old
Pard,' : is just now quietly doing a lot of
thinking. He ran for Council man-ai
iarge as an independent candidate, out
found himself in fifth place. As there are
only four of these offices to nil Mr. Bas^c-tt
is in !he same car with Mr. Pe.rsol and
Mr. Wilson.
One of the jokes of the campaien was
the cnndidacy oi A. C. Henry, a banker.
Mr. Henry ran his campaign from his
lod ing-house on Ninth street, and it does
not seem to have gone beyond the limits
of the block in which it was born. Out of
10,000 votes t. e received 412. As lie give
a free banquet to those who would c >nsnnt
to listen to speeches on his behalf, patron
ized the newspapers liberally, had n small
army of men guarding i is headquarters,
and was generally considered a very ac
ceptable man to t'e up to, his sworn state
mentor election expenses is being eagerly
awaited.
Another freak of politics was the result
of Rev. S. Goodenough's campaign. Two
OAKLAND'S BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS - ELECT.
weeks ago he was looked upon as being
distinctly in the race, but when the votes
were counted his share was exactly £04.
With the exception of H. D. Talcott, tie
Republican nominees for Councilmen-at-
Large were elected, a* were also the party
nominees f>»r School Directors and Library
Trustees. In the Fift Ward two en thusi
astic Republicans, Frank M. Parcells and
Dr. \V. O. Buckland, divided the Republi
can vote of 646 between them, and, conse
quently, A. Fitrasb, a Democrat, captured
the plum with 892 TO tea. The Sixth Ward
proved to be a conundrum.
E. G. Buswe'.l, who is known to fame as
the man who brought several suits lo test
the lecality of the railroad charging fare
on Seventh street, received 120 votes,
while sailing Biily Wattinson, the
Southern Pacific yardmaster who went
oat in the figh' of three years ago and has
never b°on taken back, received the sup
port of 64'J voters, and will reclaim his
seat in the Council, which he has held for
four years.
The smallest vote accorded to any one
candidate was 16. which was given to
Charles Chester, an independent candi
date in the Seventh Ward, while the high
est vote was accordei to City Treasurer
Gilpin, who received 6013 votes.
PLANNING FOR WORK.
An Interesting Meeting of Endeavorem
to Ke Held Friday Evening— Mills
College's Representation.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— The annual
convention and election of officers of the
Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union will be held in the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church, East Oakland, Friday
afternoon ond evenine, beginning at 3
o'clock. President S. W. Condon will open
the meeting with devotional exercises,
alter which there will be free parliament
upon the social work, conducted by Mrs.
J. A. Cameron of A umeda; the lookout
committee, conducted by Alex S'.uart, P^ast
Oakland; the reaver-meeting committee,
by Miss Carrie Potter. Oakland, and junior
work, by Miss Margaret Boyce ol San Fran
cisco.
At 5 o'clock a basket lunch will be
served in the parlors, each lady bringing
re;re-hmenis for herself and a gentleman.
O. M. Vesper will conduct the singing,
which will include someol the songs to be:
sune during the July convention. Then
wi .1 follow the reports of crncer.«, election
of officers, etc. Tiie address of the even
ing w!l be by State Pre-ident Guy N.
Campbell of San Jo?e on "Our Part in the
Preparation for the '97 Convention."
A large delegation of young ladies from
Mills *_oi:e<:e will be present to i<artici
pate in the exercises and represent their
society.
Will of Mrs. A. 1\ Swift.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9. —The will of
tlie iat«s Sir. Adelia P. Swift was filed to
day. The estate is valued a: $03,000. The
Young Women's Chris ia:i Association is
given a bequest of $530. Oioer bequests
were as follows: Florence A. Duntten, the
bou^e and lot on Sacramento and Filmore
streets, ban Francisro; Nelly B. Fuller,
house and lot on E:ist Sixteenth street
and Seventh avenue, Oakland; Ellen A.
Towne, two lots in Pacific Grove;
Francis S. Pace, $1500 interest in
lots on Filbert street; Jane Page,
the remaining imprest in lots on Fi bert
street; Frances E. Loh man, $0000; Ellen
A. Towne, $2000; to her granduauguter-,
Jennie A. Lohman, Fanny S. Shedden,
Alice J. M;ick, Helen Lot) man, eacn $1500;
to the granddaughters Adeline an l F.or
euce Mill-* an I Minnie Therrell, each $500;
to John W. Pew, a riend of the deceased's
son Frame Swift, $1000; to the Sacramento
Proii-siant Orphan Asylum, $500; to the
Oakland Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation. $500. The r<.'B:ut^e of t.ie property
whs div.ded between El'en A. Towne,
Fiorencv! Dunden and Neily B Fuller.
15ig Damage* Asked.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— The case of
George Gales against the San benito Irri
gation Company fur $126,175 damages was
commenced in Judge Greene's court to
day. The defendants in the case are W.
H.'and &. M. East land, H. W. Westphal,
W. T. Halliday, Leander Shores, Joseph
Ko^entJial, A. M. Jones, Jerome Perrier,
Raphael Fiege and Henry Pileum. Gates
claims that lie bought the water ri-jhts to
the San Juan Canyon and that thecom
pany did not keep to the terms of the
agreement.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
THE GRASS MUST
BE PROTECTED
Rights of Street Orators to
Be Tested in the Su
preme Court.
Salvationist Sherwod Returns
and Surrenders Himself
Into Custody.
Can Citil ns in Oak and Use the
Public Bonn n for a
Rostrum?
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Cam,,)
•JUS 15 road way, March 9. j
The right of cifzens to speak on the
street corners of tuis city will soon be
tested in the Supreme Court.
During the recent campaign John Lon
don Jr., who was a candidate for the
Board of Educftion at large, was arrested
for holding a street meeting without hav
ing obtained the necessary permit from
the Mayor and the Chief of Police, as re
quired by the ordinance.
Over a year a^o the same question was
brought up by the arrest of W. Sherwood,
a, ruerabt-r of the Salvation Array, who
was arrested for violating the same ordi
nance. Sherwood was released on habeas
corpus, which was allow-d to slumber in
the Superior Court. A few days ago, when
London was arrested, Sherwood's case was
called up, the writ denied and he was re
manded into custody.
Sherwood was out of the jurisdiction of
the court at the time, and the genera! im
pression was that Sherwood would not re
turn. To the surprise of everybody he
surrendered himself into custouy to-day
for the purpose of laying the foundation
to have t!:e matter heard by the Supreme
Court on a writ of l.abeas corpus, which
will determine tlie validity of the ordi
nance.
Several months a«o near the City Hall
there was a pretty park, and during the
exciting times when everybody was talk
ing about gold and silver dollars, more
because they couid not get hold of any
than for any principle that was involved
in their eclor, sections of the park were
ruined by the frequent gatherings of those
who felt the burden laid upon tiiPtn to ad
just National finances. The officials at
the City Hall careu a great deal more for
the littie pr-en park than for the nightly
an;i daily heated arguments that took
place around the band stand ana which
bad the effect of wearing off the grass.
The ordinance was revived and street
meetings were forbidden except from the
City Hall steps. Thega:dener sowed some
grivs seed, and it was hoped tnat the con
stitutional right ol free speech had oeen
settled.
This was not the case, for the City Hall
recently became too small to accom
modate all those whose mission is to con
vert the sinner from his evil way or to en
lighten citizens on the political situation,
and so Mr. London again eot on the ernsd
and was arrested. He defended himself
so ably in the Police Court that the jury
disagreed, and he will have another trial.
In tlio meantime the case ol Sherwood
may be decided, and Oakland orators will
know whether they may or may not use
the public domain lor a rostrum.
A Point for Annexation.
OAKLAND, Cat.., March 9.— The an
nexation petition, to be presented to the
| City Council, on the annexing to Oakland
of nil that portion now outside between
Oakiand and Berkeley, was signed by 4490
voters yesterday. This being twice the
number required by law. the matter will
soon go belore the Council that the work
may not be delayed.
"PEE-WEE" IS TABOOED
Prohibitory Ku'e Against the
Game in the Berkeley Pub
lic Schools.
The Death of a Lorin Boy Forces the
Teachers to Take Precautionary
Measures.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— No more
"pec-wee" in the Berkeley public schools.
Such is the proclamation which has been
sent forth, as a result of the fatal accident
to lii tie Claude Marx of the Lorin school
a few days ago.
In buch of the schools as there was not
a prohibitory rule before the death of
young Marx a law now exists tabooing the
youthful sport.
At the Wbittier school an nccident oc
curred soon after the death of the Lorin
doy, which came very near being a dupli
cate of the first mishap.
Some of the boys were indulging in a
con:cst with their long sticks and pointed
blocks of wood. The "pep-wee" struct a
boy who was watching, infl oting a pain
ful wound under the eye. It was a nar
row escape for the lad, for hud ihe block
struck bis temple it is believed that a
fatal accidont might have startled Nonh
Berkeley.
As a safeguard against further possible
fatalities the game has been barred out of
all the Berkeley schools.
Tuberculin Test.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— An ordi
nancu was passed last night by ihe town
hoard requiring that the- tubeTculin tost
be applied to ail cows from which milk is
supplied to the town. Health Officer
Roweli estimates that there are from 800
i09..0t0 be examined. Ho say* that as a
result of the law about 10 per cent of them
will be condemned ami killed. The co-t
of examination will be $1 per heau. Mo
derision has yet been reached as to
whether the expense shall be borne by the
town or by the dairymen.
Hie Man With tho Ax.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— An in
dividual giving the name of John Ange
line was arrested this morning in the
Scenic Tract for vagrancy. lie is thought
to be insane, and nnswers perfectly the
description of tne man wiiti an ax wno
has been frightening the ladies of the
vicinity recently. Justice Gentry gave
him thirty days in the County Jail.
Trustee Gajje He»ig"«.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— The
resignation of Captain John Gage of
Ward One was accepted last nieht by the
Town Trustee*, and Captain W. H. Mar
s;on was appointed to complete the unex
pired term. Captain Alarsion is a candi
date for the office on all the party tickeis
wnioii are In the field for the coming
election.
tor a Water Supply.
BERKELEY, Cal., March ?.— A propo
sition is on liana whereby Berkeley may
own its own water works. A. A. Richard
son, a civil engineer, has arranged with
the Town Board to app-ar before them
next Saturday evening, when he will dis
close his plans. In nskinn for a hearing
he stated that lie could positively assure
them that the plan is practicable and that
a sufficient supply of water is accessible.
The question of securing stillicient water
has Leen the one drawback which has pre
vented the board from entering deeply
into the plan heretofore.
Berkeley's Fire Service.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9—o. L.
Ot:, the newiy elected Fire Chief of Berkp
ley, presented a lengthy report to the
Town Board last evening. He recom
mended that a hook and ladder outfit be
located in the First Ward, a lour-wheeled
cart and a new bell for the Second Ward,
a four-wheeled hose-cart for the Third
Ward and a new 22-foot ladder and four
wheeled hose-cart for the Sixth Wara. He
a so sug^esied that an alarm system be
provided.
NOBLE ACTS OF CHILDREN
Interesting Report of the Doing* of the
Band of Mercy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 9. j
Not the less interesting because coached
in childish language is the report issued
by the Oakland Band of Mercy, which met
in the Oakland office of the S. P. C. A.
The band is growing so large that more
room will soon be necessary to accommo
date it. The report says :
Roy Farrish reported finding a span of
horses standing in the rain. He requested a
man to blanket them, which was done. Alfred
Wilkle stopped some boys from pulling the
wings off flies, then burning them; ho also
8 cured the release of a aog tied to a wagon
and being pulled along.
Willie Nelle fed a stray hungry dog on the
corner of Telegraph avenue and Twentieth
street. Me also stopped some boys from ston
ing an old horse which whs feeding on tho
roadside at Elm hurst. Willie Evans inducsd
a junk man to take off ill-fitting blinders
which irritated the eyes of bis horse. He pre
vented some boys irom stoning a goose; iound
a black-and-tan dog which hHd been left in
his neighborhood by the owner moving « way;
he cared lor it a few days and then - took it to
Mrs. Sanford to care for, hoping to find a home
for the little waif. Edward Eherlich has re
ported a number of cases of cruelty to the
society. *' v ■ —-
BThe boys are often pained by witnessing the
cruel treatment administer to balky horses,
and they dos.re to have the to in (I method
of handling such' a horse widely read : "An
officer: of . the police detail .«aid recently:
'When 1 was a mounted policeman I learned
of a most humane and kiud ] method of curing
a balky horse. It not only never fails, but it
docs not give (ho slightest pain to the animal.
When the horse reiuses to go, take the front
foot at tho . leilock r.nl bend the i le^ at the
knee joint. Hold it thus: for three minutes
and let it down and the hors; will go. The
only way in which I cai account for this is
that lie can think of omy ono thing at a time,
and having made up ; ms mind not m go my
theory is that ih.<i bending of tue leg takes his
mind from the original thought.'.,.".-:
Tne secretary, Eiuard Eheil eh, read the
charminK •lory written by Mrs. E. E. Green
muit, treasurer of the Society I r the Preven
tion of ( ruelty to Animals, of ' -Bruin, an Oak
land Dog." j>ub.i.-.;itd in the Sa urday Night
recently. ■ • • ■ ■• ' ■ .
The next business was of great Interest to
the boys. They hope in the near future to
hoid a immune contest, speaking pieces bear
ing upon the subject of Kindness, contesting
lor a prize. The speaking will be interspersed
with good niu*ic, under the supervision of
Professor Wilkie. A special meeting ol the
board will be held Thursday at 3:30 o'clock
p. M. to appoint committees to arrange for tne
contest. All members are requested to be
present. -.; . ' '.
After repeating the pledge, "I will try to be
kind to all living creatures and try to prevent
cruel usage." the board adjourned to meet
Thursday, Marcn 11. ;
•'* Alfkkd Wii.kif. Jr., President.
i ROY Karrish. Vice-President.
fcDWARD luiEHUCH, Secretary.
Willie Evans. surer.
' Ezeta Dying at Panama.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Carlos
Ezeto, brother of ex-President Antonio
Ezeta of Salvador, received a telegram
this evening stating that his. brother was
dying at- Panama. The ; dispatch stated
that death was expected at any moment.
The general said to-night that the death of
his brother cannot nave any effect on af
lairs in Central America.
Same Old Kate*.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Tlio City
Council met to-night and passed the ordi
nance tiling the water rates for the com
ing year. The - schedule ,is !' the ' same as
that of last year. •
TO CUIJS A COLO I» ONK DAT.
Take l*jative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug-
BlsU refund the money it v uih to cur* 296
AN EBELL MEMBER
INVITES THE MEN
Is Surprised at the Interest
Shown in Their Re
ligion.
Processor McChesney Is Not
Employed Because Women
Are Not Available.
Busts a.d Bis- Reliefs, M7UIS tnJ
Politic? Are Discu-seJ, but
Not R?ihion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9UB Broadway. M;irch 9. )
The Ebell Society is still chafing under
the unpleasantness because some of its
members will not preserve secrecy, but
will taik for publication, and because of
recent criticisms. The meeting to be held
in a few days, in which the subject of the
duties of members will be dscussed, is
more than ever necessary.
A member who signs herself " H. F. C"
has published a long letter in reply to the
criticisms of Rev. Dr. Wendte and Rev.
Mars ail Law.
•'lt is difficult to understand," says the
writer, "why some of the men of Oakland
should be so alive to the difference in
religious faith among th« women of ti.e
Ebell Society.
"I have been a member of the Ebell
for years, attending nearly all of their
most important meetings, and, while they
have had talks, lectures and discussions
upon every subject under the sun, from
astronomy to mining, we have never gone
beyond the stars of the realms of peace, or
underneath the earth to the region of
darkness. We have had talented men
and women to speaK to us and lead us
into thoughts beyond and out of the daily
home lite and routine, but we have not
had a religious faith discussed or one's
sacred creed unfolded for inspection. It
has not been the subject ot even one
bour'a work among tbe women coming to
their clubroonia for study from week to
week.
"These women are actively engaged in
tbe church work of Oakland, each de
nomination having its share of members
from agnostics to Episcopalians, and the
former are women of singular parity and
elevation of character, strongly alive to
the moral and educational advancement
ot women, true and laithful, having vir
tue?, I doubt not, many of us long for and
miss. Tbat they have cone away from
the 'patns iheir fathers trod' may or
may uoi be ours to criticise and persuade
as we may be near or distant frifDds and
we are on a true character basis and not
from an outward profession of faith or
adoption of creed.
"The Episcopalians lead largely in num
bers among our members, earnest workers
in the four churcnes of Oakland. The
Presbyterians au i Congregationalists are
larceiy represented also, many of them at
tending lectures at our rooms and then
leaving to hear Mr. Munhall, and quietly
on the way per.-uading some one to co.
The Baptists-. Methodists, Lutheran, Ro
man Catholics, Swedetiborgian, Unitar
ians, Universalists, Christian Scientists
are all with us honored and honoring
alike, and, as Emerson says, we are near
to each and each one is near to us.
"These same men who are troubled
and anxious, of course, have wives and
mo; hers and sisters in the society, or how
could they write so intelligently about us ?
We ask them to come to our restful rooms
any morning or alternoon and meet the
classes which we call 'sections.' From
ten to thirty women are in each one study
ing the ways and thoughts anil wisdom
and experiences of men and women from
tne days before time w«*s down to the last
bold stroke in Greece or the way the new
Presidpnt will enter Washington and what
colors are most harmonious for Mrs. Presi
dent's new towns.
"We will open our doors to you and will
bold sacred your religious faith, undis
turbed shall be your politics, unques
tioned shall be the cut of your coat, and
we care not at all provided truth, honesty
and intelligence go hand in hand wuli a
- utticiently broad unde r standmg of what
we as a club are thinking and talking. 1
uive you a list cf some of the Mibjects this
last year: 'Myths in Modern Literatuie,'
'The Public Schools,' 'Discussions in Sil
ver and Gold,' "Political Equali;y,' 'The
Making of Busts and Bab-reliefs, with
Practical Illustration,' 'Tne Mining In
dustry.' 'Ihe Work Among tho Child
W dows of India.'
"We have two German sections, one
Italian, one Browning, one botany, t»vo
French, two Spanish, one eh na painting,
three art, two architecture, book review,
current literature, history, living writers,
Shakespeare (this la«t Mr. McCbesney of
the High School kindly has in charge)
This was not because there were not.
available women, but because tliis same
gentleman has always beers kind and
helpful and appreciates what it may mean
to a woman tb have only the limitations
of the home circe and no more. Now and
then a woman does long for some teach
ing outside of wnat maybe gained from
her home and tne mere surroundings
there, strange as it doubtless seems to
many." _______^____
WILL VOTE ON LOCAL OPTION.
The City Clerk Must Put the Ques
tion on the ltuiiota.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9.— There has
been quite a discusion over the attitude
of tlie Board of Trustees toward the Anti-
Saloon League's local-option movement.
Two of the fivo Trustees are known to
favor the movement, two are known to be
oppose,!, wuile the attitude of the filth,
who will have the deciding vote, is not
known. This gentleman, Trustee Fletter,
has just left for a trip to the East, and it
was announced that this would bo fatal to
the chance of having the anti-saloon ques
tion put. on the ballots at '.he coming
election, as the board would be a tie and
nothing could be done.
Quite a sensation was sought to be made
from ibis fact, but some one read the
ordinance over cart-fully and it was dis
covered that the Trustees had no power in
the premises. The law makes it man
datory on the City Clerk to put the Ques
tion, "Snail the sale of intoxicating li
quors in this city be forbidden?" on the
ballots whenever petitioned so to do by
the requisite number of voters. He hail
no option in the premises, but moat huve
the tickets printed with that question on
them.
So at the coming election the people of
Alanieila will vote on the local option
question, and the Anti-tSaloon League feels
certain that it will carry the day.
A Queßtioa or Painting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9.— The Board
of 'lrusteeshas awarded the contract to
paint the license ta.-s for wajjona to a
resident of A.ameda who does business in
ban Francisco. A. E. Tout, another resi
dent, but who carries on business here,
has filed a protest, claiming mat the work
should be done at bona and trio money
kept here. The protest was unavailing.
Wlll£2fot Kecount.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9.— W. F.
Shulie, who was beaten by but one vote
for the trusteeship nomination at the
Good Government primary last Satur
day, has withdrawn liis application for a
recount, and says he will abide by the
face of the returns and not endeavor to
force his opponent out of the lace.
Its Charter Open.
ALAMEDA. Cai-., Marcn 9.— The En
cinal Recreation Cl : b has reopened its
charter list for this month in order to gain
mor« naembsrsi. So far twenty-four have
applied, in addition to tne tirty which the
organization already had. It "is expected
that the club will meet with success.
Secured No .Swag.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9— A burglar
entered the residence of Mrs. Clark at 1209
Central aretuie last evening, but was
frightened away before lie had an oppor
tunity to secure any booty.
Delinquent Taxes.
ALAMEDA, Cal, March 9. -The sale of
property ior delinquent taxes was finished
yesterday by the city bidding in whut was
left unsold.
EX-JOOKEY IN TROUBLE.
A Fight Nrar Ini»le«lde That Resulted
in John Sullivan Heine I. icketl Up
As the result of a fracas at a saloon near
Injrleside track on Monday night William
Morpbf, a Jaborer, is nursing a contused
Wound of the lieiul, and John Sullivan, »:i
ex-jockey, is under arre.«t on a charge of
as ..tilt with a deadly weapon. Th*» quar
rel nppe-;s to have been a drunken one
and Murphy the acsrressor.
Sullivan ia the man who was mixed up
in tne row in which the Wade murder
took place two years ago and is con-id
ered a dangerous man when in li is cup«.
He was arrested by Policemen Beiyea and
Dolan.
TREBELLI SINGS AGAIN.
A Crowded House Greeted the
Brilliant Songstress
Last Night
__________
P.cy.d H?r Own Accompaniment
While She Sang Bz?t's "L'Adi?u
<h I'Hobrn Arab."
Golden Gate Hall was crowded last
night by a fashionable and enthusiastic
audience, who came to hear Trebelli sing
her farewell to San Francisco's music
lovers. They were agreeably disappointed,
however, for it was announced during the
course of the evening that owing to nu
merous requests Mile. Trebelli would give
another series of concerts.
Mile. Trebelli has certainly made her
self a great favorite her*, and the more
sbe sings the more they seem to want to
hear her. Last evening by request she
sane "Lo, Hark! the Gentle Lark," with
the flute obiicaso by Herr Rodemann, and
was compelled to repeat it by the persist
ent applause of the delighted audience.
The prirua donna proved herself an ex
cellent accompanist as well as a brilliant
songstress. The seventh number was a
chanson Arabe, "L' Adieu de i'Hotesse
Arabe." by Bizet, and Trebelli, seating
Herself at the piano, played her own ac
companiment in a manner that won for '
h«n double amount of applause. Her
"Last Rose of Summer" was beautifully
rendered, and when for an encore Auber's
"Laughing Sonp' 1 was repeated many
ladies ruined gloves iv a vain effort to
have "]ust one more. 1 ' •
Professor G. Sauvlet's pianoforte solos
were generously applauded. He is a bril
liant perform r, and a composer as well.
He played one of his own compositions,
and Mile. Trebelli sann one of nis songs
for an encore. Miss Van der N'aillen and
Mr. Sauylet played I. de Kontski's ar
rangement of Meyerbeer's "Les Hugue
nots" in a most acceptable manner. The
Mi-ses Hush's violin and p ano duets
were most enjoyable features of the con
cert.
The next series of concerts is looked for
ward to with unalloyed pleasure by the
many admirers of Mile. Trebelli.
Captain Goodell's Trial.
The inquiry into the charges against Captain
Goodell of the sieamer Dauntless was resumed
before Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers Phi
lips and Bolles yesierdny. and Purser George
Cameron of the Dauntless testilied that the
captain always did his duty, and never left the
pilot-house while o:i watch, except when ab
solutely necessary or when called by other
officers of the vessel. The inspectors took the
matter under advisement.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Adams. Chicago M-s W H James. Colo
F H Buck, Vacavilte Mrs II Head, Denver
0 F Swift, Ch'Cago J h Peakes, Santa t rus
M Hllso i. NY HP Winsiow, Kiswick
A F smith, NY J J Badenoch Jr, 111
G Kuhn, -an I iet?o V onn Or
J 0 Heller, Oakland C F Kohl. San Mateo
W J Brabb, Romeo W H Huutington, Ohio
C W Whiiniarsh, Ohio P B Keith <fe w. Moss
Mrs \V J Brabb, Kon co H H Piicher. Liv roiore
MnCWWhltmaHh Oi.lo E t lieckwith, Denver
1 T Douglass, I-r.-tcott J Stewart, Port Angeles
LICK HOUSE.
Henry Newell <fe\v, Ttah L S Thompson, Cal
X.l Jasper, >anta Ciara XX Dixon, It Reyes
D X Cameron, Hantord FA' Oalnes _ fam, Cal
J li Miilnolland & W.Cal II O Kwlmb, .\ V
E A Warren <fe w, Chico l»avi'l \> Erwln, Mich
W V Uice, Utah Jno 1^ We er & w, Utah
J D Brown, uroville Jas Simpson, Euieka
A M McDonald, sonora s F R.ack, Exttrumento
Alex B-nliam, I al J D McUona d, N V
b W Wible, Bakersfleld S.S . dmon*lon. N J
Hy KMI ier &w, N J Geo H King, w<t eh. N J
Mrs L P Sate, Cal s T Moore, Gilroy
W it S;eele, Or W R Uaymond, Cal
1 F Moore it w, Portland _y Eickhoff, fean Rafael
Ezra Huckill, N V
GRAND HOTKL.
O I. Jones, Chicago D Hollister, Conrtland
F B Breek, Sacramento II 6 Walton, Sacto
Dr W simp«on. Ssn Jose It Metcalf, Tacoma
T Ila:hus _w, Oakland Mrs T Small, Mass
Mis i Small,' Mass Miss Wai on, Mass
C A Graham, Soluno T M i>a_es. Gutter Mill
W I Wallace, Boston Archibald Y. 11. HanforJ
E X French, Ne a- York . Mrs E X French, N V
J H Mazgard. Ohio C Ahler, Austin. Mo
14 Chandler, Santa Cruz J I Alexander, Solaoo ■
J Poundeslrie <fe«, ban J If X Kent; Pacific Grove
U\V Fill. Bill 'V E Cronlt-y, -Illinois
H J Dobbin* sol» no - TBtt Aex uder, Cal
X H Grii{gs, Stanford .. Jsbn T Judd, ...inn
F J Dennis, Nevada ■ O\V Crystal, \'acaville
H J tiiiiall, Sacramento X M Brown, Woodland
T H. Richardson, Am els P Aius'.o, Stockton ••;:ve
E li Mering, Woolland
•;.j-:; ■.■■'■X--J :■■:■■ RUS3 HOUSE.
A V P«yson, Pta'.en I JO Woolard, Lo? A nit
OPBo.ce, Bo ton • Mrs t- A .lem!a»n, Mich
U b' Fox, Calistoga ivaihryn Jenilto i, Mich
\V J Oakea, l.os .* ngele3 T P McCarthy l'olodo
Q W Uibbs. Vacavi le T XV Fiihey A wf, Cal
A Sullivan, VnCRV.IIe • C B Atkins in, Yost-mite
A F Brandon, Portland C A Steer is, Boston
a Hewitt, ssonora. ' J C Turner, Red Bluff
W H sams D, Corning I! F Oilman, Marysville
A O McKniitht&wf, Tex F Uilm n, Alarysville
C Bishop, Kansas A Ayers, San 51i;u.'l
X M McUctltgan.Vallejo J M I!o«en, Fresno
j L ohnson, Ukixh ' X F Itouion, >oyo
Blj Peckham, '►»' n Jose s X aniont, Vacavllle
N Kelly _w, May field W Sr.ow, Mayrield .v, - >
J McCarthy, Valifjj' UP Slorils, Berk<le7
T Smith, Berkflev • W Smith, Los Angeles
X J Houston. Portland . A Marvin. Ariz ■ .
A A Lord, Fort Bragg N Fraypr, 1 iumas
P Handy, Ukiah ;• , B Pec^ham, San Jose
FT Taylor. Oakland A B Rogers, Mtn View
J Raymond, Fresno T A Kown, Mm View
Ml* Ldcas, Kureka .: T M Brown, Kurelca
F J' Kelley. Furt'ka ' Minnie X Mass
KMalicn, Klamath Falls F Calkins, After .-•-. r,
E Warren, Monterey , P Sun erland, Alvarado
VT^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JWCfcffl*'-'"* KEARXT ST. Established
Hanr^Ufl'" Private
aflr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
CJ2o HEARST XT. Established
in 1 NJ.4 lor the treatment of Private
IHseitfu-, Lost Manhood. Debility or
OH H| disease wearing on body and mind and
«fcWWMIHIW -Skin Diseases. 'Ihedoctorcures when
iOßfllngl others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<Mrf.euaianlffd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. •>'. tatHBON. Bus 1957. 5aa fc'raucisco.
liSilft MANHOOD RESTORED ----"•
CM 1, WB^ "»~IIIIWUU llbU I UllLllVitaliEer.thepreflcrip.
Tr *<•? f7 mjM ."i^ i» tton 01 a famous French physician , will quickly cure yon of all ner-
\t\ : jf\) \\\. -■ -- vT ' Tons or dlseAses of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
\. LJmJ \JI " JL*ii Insomnia, l*ains In the Buck, Seminal £tnissious,lfervons Debility
1 £&9L nT . ytsfemf Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Kxliaustlni; Drains, VarlcocJe and
; \c-'--r>-- . V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevent.* qnlck«
>«„ / TSjL^/ ntssol discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
Rrrnnv. •»> anTO all the horrors of Impotency. clTPlDEKEcleaiuestheUTer.Uii:
aX. t « C %HO Mr ' trt kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities
1 - ©UPIt>ENIS strengthens and restores small weak organs. •■ - ■■ • ■
- -'- The reason sufferer; «re not cured by Doctors Is becuuso ninety per c«"»t are troubled w!tl|
|»roat»t i « CUPIDENE is the only kno remedy to cure wii lio'U un ops- ration. 5000 tPBtlmoal.
• als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent earn
§Looabox,Blxf<irss.oo,by mall. Send for circular and testimonials.  .
Adateii VAVO** ilA.i»iCi>t CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cat. For sale b>
'- ', , '.. ,  .. . ■ ' "yjtiiwmr ¥HASLVhGY, 119 foweUauetk"
Auction gales
J. C UIITIIEa. IUCTIOSEER.
Office— 63B Market Street.
I WILL SJKL.L. ill is DAY.
Wednesday ........: March 10, 1897.
On the Premises,
547 Fulton Street,. AM* Lagaua, .
Commencing at 2 p. m. -harp, ii'l the fine fix-
tures of a tine flat, Including very flue odd pWc-s
of Parlor Updolitery; fin ■ Jim •«)■ Carpet; very
tin- Chamber Suit: Oak tension Table and
Chairs to match: line Kange: Crockery, etc. All
must be sold on account of departure '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J \V Ellsworth, Cal V Addlz, Cal
B B Smith, i M sia An irews, Cal
W Mitchell, Sw Orleans A And i, New Orleans
>■ A Uradbury.sn Mateo II h llrnton Chicago
J J ■■tone. spo-ane Miss UB Jorda '.(Spokane
i II J Bolden. !««cto > % N McComb, Chicago
Jas White & \v. Cal W S Bl .aid, L's
X k New, KlKhart J Vrtliados, Halfmoonßy
O Mc.Nall. Bakersfleld V McXeal, Omalia
D McCarthy, i;oston J Mc.Namara, Portland
T O'Connor, Sulsun P Flanlgan. salt Lake
J Whee.au, Denver M O'Brien, Port Costa
D William*, i oucil Bluffs
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Q H \V lliams, N V F Henry, Fresno
I N A bra en llanford FO McDonald. Newark
. F X Blake, Po t.aiid M P Stein A w, Stockton
| A Bmllnj;aM it w, .-acto X E Piiruielfe. N _
, O " >mlih *w, Denver M McDowell&w, 8 Lake
j J -V Mnith, Mm J^se Miss Abbott, Mo.it
c J Collins. Mont * A Jones, Fresno
I'll Scott, Oak and F A Jennl gs. sacto
W Woodward. Woodland M Hill. Seattle
3 Mar.in, Portland Miss JIM, Seattle
. « — * — «
A small metallic object was found
among some ra«s in a paper mill at West
brook, Me., and the workman who was
sorting them tried to open it with a pen
knife. It proved to be a Japanese bomb,
and in the explosion which followed the
unfortunate man lost three fingers and a
thumb.
KEXtr to-dat:
FEEElffEillll
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAKUNS OF Ml
WHICH CURKD HIM AFTER EVKKY-
... THING KLSK FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the mo>t severe pain. There
Is no let up to the mental suffering day or
| night. - Sleep is almost Impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
whit they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison . and thus end all
I his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid In the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
ho now declares that any man who will taku
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method or this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience. .
1 am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
1 an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
1 Buffering the mental tortures of weakened
' manhood who would be cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy - as the one that
! cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
I afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
I to mall the information, but send for it and
[ learn that there are a few things on earth
| that, although they cost nothing to get, are
• worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
! time of happiness to most of us. Write to
: Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamaioo, Mich.,
! and the inlorrcMion will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_&TEAffISIIIP CO.
STEAMEK3 LEAVK BttOADWAY A4L
wharf. Sao Francisco, as follows:. Miwf
For Mar y Island, Lorlnit, Wransel. Juneau, KU-
llsnco and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 x. -. March If,
17. 2«. 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma^ Everett, Anacortes ana
New W atcoin (KelliCEham Bay. Wash.). 9a. _
Mar 2, 7, IV, 17, 22,87 and every liftu day there-
I after, connecting at Vancouver with the <_'. P. It.
8., atTaroma with N. P. K. R.,-. at Seattle with U.
S. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska » learners.
For l-.ureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
-1 boldt Bar), *tr. Pomona _p. m.. March 1. 5.9, 13,
17. 21. -5, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Himeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San nils Oblspo), Upvlotn, Hants
Barbara, Ventura, Hueoeme, bin Pedro, East Sat
Pedro (Los/ Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. M-
Mar v 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, *3, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ ' ■
For san Dleeo. stopping only at Port Harrori
(San Luis Olilspoj. -anta Barbara, Port Los An-
>•••;<■*. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and .Newport, 11
a.m. Mch. 1,5. 9, 13, 17, -£ '.'5, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter. - •
For Ensenada, Sao Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, 1.%
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, ID
, a. if. 25th of each month.
lhe Company reserves the rijtht to change with-
out previous notice steamer*. sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hole!, 4
New Montgomery street
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
. ■• • ■ ID Market <;.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
__PO_l=«.T_ I X-._A._>ff 33
From Spear-stree: Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "D"IT/*l2 First-class \ Including
_\ ll F-'i sjlti Second-class /berth & me_'j
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Feb. 27, Mar 9, 19. 29
Columbia .....ifar 4, I*, .4
Througn tickets and through ba?£»?e to all
Eastern points, l'.atcs and folder upou applica-
tion to .•:-:.••
F. F. CONNOR. Oene-al Acent,
630 Marlcet street.
GOODALL. PERKINS CO.. *>uperlnlendea'.i
PNfflSai&llSfll S.!<. AUSTRALIA for
( 3& Mwir noNo _ v l v onir.
»ff mSIIBIr Tuesday. M rc'i • 28.
M■* at SI p. m. Special part/
51 — I • >. rates.
Tnef«. ». MARIPOSA.
Q)ICdllDIIIL' falls via HONOLULtJ
(cS?\WXIVh. - ail AUCKLAND for
\OIHPQI«P SYDNEY. imirsday,
A ril 1 . at 2p. _.
LInetoCOOLGARDIB, Aast., and CAPETOWN,
Ecuth Africa. . .
J. U. SPRKCKELS <t BROS. CO.. Acentt.
114 Montgomery stres*.
FrelKht Ofllca, 327 MarKet at., sail KrancUco. :
COUPAGSIE GESEaAL TRAHSATLAXIIIiy
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIKK(NE\V),42NORTH J&igk-
\j ltiver. too: of Morton sl .Travelers by
this line avoid both transit by English railway ant
the discomfort of crossing the channel in » small
boat. x\ew Yor<c to Alexandria. Egyp:, v:_ ParU
first class $160. second claas #11
URRETAONK March 13. B*. M.
I.A NOKMA VDIK Mrrn *0. 6a. M.
XjA. CHAMPAGNE... .March 27, 5 A.M.
La 'lul'KAliVr...... * prli :■■, 6 a.m.
I.A BRKTAU.NK April 10. 6a.ic
tar For farther particulars apply to
A. FOUOKT. Agent,
vo. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FCGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Fiancli'Q.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington st..
At B I. M. Daily, * roictn roceiveU -up
A to .:3.» P.M.
«_r Accommodations Reserved by Telepnons
The only lint- se.lin.; throjeh tickets and KivlD|
through freight rates to all $>oin.B on V_U«/
Inroad. gTKAMERS:
.T. C. Walker, J. D » Peters,
'Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
..- Teiephoiiß Main 805. Cat. Nay. aud Impt- C 9
fouVallejo aid C. S. lATM.4RIL
ST-AMJ-R "MONTI CELLO,"
Dally fix. Saturday & bun.. 10:30 a. m. an. 4 r- «,
•10:30 a. m., ir.it.
Sundays....... ...........:.... 8 *• «_,
- - 1 -' .Landing Misslon-stres". Dock, Pier A
• Teh-phone Black 2.1.
•Trip elves 0 hour. i:op>: Navy- Yard.
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS 6ATOS& SAITACKUZ
I OTKAMEK ALVISO LKAVK> PJKK 1 DAILY
I t_) (Suniays t.\ci'pted> al 10 a. jc Alvi»> da.l^
I (Saturcl«y exippttd) at 7 l: it. Freight and
I Passenger. Fare between i San Francisco and
Alviso, 60c: to San Jose. 73c. Clay St., Pier i.
| xi) W. s>aui_ Clara si-. •■'-:« Joss.'
1314
TO EUROPE FOR
LITTLE MONEY
William B. Gross on the
Fun He Had for
$350
It Beat a Thirty-Five Hundred
Dollar Trip All to
Pieces.
Traveled First Class on the Steamers
and Stopped a? Hotels Every.
where Exc.pt in London.
Among the arrivals at the Baldwin Ho
tel is William B. Gross, manager for
James A. Herne and author of the book,
'Europe lor $350," which has attracted a
pood deal of attention. Mr. Gross was
formerly manager for Eleanor Duse.
He came hero h'rst with the elder Sal- j
vini, aiul at one time and another has had
many interesting experiences. He is en
thusiastic in his praise of the genius of
Eleanor Duse, and thinks she is the great- j
est woman living.
Talking about the book with the novel
title and the story it narrates of travel in
foreign lands for so small a sum of money,
he said the account was literally true.
'•I made the trip for $350," he said,
"and took i:i the most interesting of the
countries beyond the ocean, doing it all
in three months. I afterward made the
some trip for $3300, and didn't have half
so much fun, eit.ier, but the last time I
did not pay the expenses. I was private
secretary for a man who had lots of
money, and he footed the bill. .
"But on this first trip, soberly and se
riously I had everything I wanted. I visited j
Belgium, Germany, France, England and i
{Scotland. I traveled first class on the
steamers and first, second and third class
on ti^e railroad?. 1 lived in hotels every
where except in London, where I lived in
a boarding-house. I w:>s three weeks in
Paris and two weeks in London and spent
a day or two at a time, or even a few days,
at other interesting places.
'•My route was this: From New York to
Antwerp, thence to Brussels and men to
Cologne. From there I went up the Rhine
to Rudesheim, thence to Weisbaden and
from there to Frankfort, Heidelberg,
Sirassburg and Constance. Thence I pro
ceeded to Kohr-aci), in Switzerland;
thence to St. Gall and thence to Zunco.
"Then 1 ascended Mount Rigi to its top,
and go^ng down on the other side crossed
Lake Lucerne to Lucerne. From there ray
course led to Milan, to Verona, Venice,
Padua, Florence, Rome, Naples ana Pom
peii. From Pompeii I returned to Rome
and went from there to Pisa, Genoa and
Turin. Going tbrough the Mont Cenis
tunnel, 1 proceeded to Aix-les-Bains, to
Paris and then to London.
•'The traveler should make op his mind
that he is gointr to be inconvenienced
daily," he said, "and he will be surprised
how comfortably he can live abroad. The
bes ! tiling to do is to follow the customs
of the country he is visiting. I iounJ I
need not hesitate to ask question!, for I
invariably received polite answers. If an
American can let it be understood he is a
German he will travel a preat deal cheaper,
ior the Germans are known as the most
economical travelers in Europe. Further
more, they are thought fully os much of
as any otner nation.
"Six to eight weeks' study of German
and French before gjin? abroad is advis
able, and in that time one can learn
enough of both to enable him to get along
pretty fairly."
FRATERNAL FELLOWSHIP.
An Interesting Meeting of Sequoia Par
lor of tlie Native Sons — The
Koyal Arcauum.
Sequoia Parlor, one of the most active of the
Native Sons of the Golden West and I
the ore among the local parlors which has j
the reputation of having the largest average
attendance at escb meeting, haa an eventful!
time in Ycsemite Hal:, Native Sons' building, i
last Monday night. In the presence of a large .
membership it initiated six candidates in due !
form, and after the c;os° of the parlor the de- |
gree team of the Exalted Order of Nincom- j
poops took charge of the hall and guarded the j
outer portals while they went through their
■wonderful, txhilnra'ing and highly instruc- j
tive ceremony of initiating a candidate into
the mysteries of the orJer.
Six members, attired in long flowing robes
of crimson silk ornamented with jewels and \
lace of great value and wearing strange shaped i
hoods and having their faces partly concealed j
by heif masks and beards, entered the hall in !
which the g^ure of the brilliant lighthad been
Bubdued, led by High Potential Nincompoop
John Griff, to the sound ot br«h6 lnsrumoms
that were recovered from some of the buried
cities oi the Orient. In a silent manner the
sc-xtet pro"cc ltd to build an altar and to lay
upon tne floor a carpet of Mississippi siik of
extraordinary design, constructed with a view
to instant removal irom its position by strong
nnd willing hands at some time duriuc the
ceremonies.
The altar, hastily erected, was a wonderful
one, nnd :or fear that some one who mtm not h
member 01 the ordt r might be tempted to steal I
it there was a string a. it. All being in readi- j
ness, the high potential nincompoop called
the ro'.l, ench member answering to his title
In phrases c.as-ic, but strange, that none but
the initiated understood. Then the candidate
who had dared to express the opinion that he
would iike to solve (He secrets of the jrreht
order was marched into the hall, lea by two
attendants— for DC was olind to the world, his
Lyes having been bandaged by a kerchiei of
silk that hua once been worn by one of the j
Oriental nionarehs when taUing the degrees
in the days just after the flood. Having nn
swered a number of questions in a iatistacti.ry
manner, he was led to the .station of the high
po;ential sub-nincompoop and initiated into
the first degree in a most impressive manner.
Bo impressive was this that it will be a long
time before he will forget the effect it pro
duced upon him.
Tuon he was led to the cloth at silk for the
second degree, which whs a solemn lesson of
the manner in which a young man by the aid
of those ready to lend a heipmg hand ca-i rise
in the world, and then the candidate who had
Blood both tesis with remarkable fortitude
and showed that he would not flinch in the
hour oi need was led to ihe high executioner
and by him conducted to the eltar and there
riven a lesion to show how a young m«n can
fall when there is a combination against him.
After that he was given the secret work, the
language of wlr.ch is full of meaning ihat me
raudidate cannot forget, and the;i he was noti
fied t.jat it bt-cunie his life duty to find addi
tional candidates for members. iip and he
promised that he would per.oria it.
Tnese ceremonies over, tne parlor was
thrown oven and a programme presented.
This was under the direction of President S.
A. White, and had been prepared by Loul-. M,
IJannai:, chairman of the good of the orier
commiiu-e. There vas instrumental music
by the Nntive Sons' band, compiled of mem
bers of S<quoia Parlor, "Prolessor Souser,"
leader; vocalization by M. Gamble, \V. Fen-
BttrmKcher, tea Morrison and George Little,
and a well-executed piano polo by I'aui
liunphy, the candidate of the Nincompoops.
Ice-cream, cakes, lemonade and pipe;, and
tobacco were distributed during the evening.
Argonaut Council, lioynl Arcanum.
Argonaut Council of the Royal Arcanum
gave IU fir-t ladies' night on Monday in Co
loma Hi;ll— that in, the first entertainment of
the ki;'d since it has occupied those quarters
in the Native Sons' building, into which it re
cenily moved. There whs a large attendance
of t-onie of the best pe> p'.e oi San Francisco**
A very entertaining programme pre
pared by M. <1e Kocco, Daniel Allen, Dr. 11.
G. McGili, J. H. Whitney and Tnomas O'Urien,
was presented under the direction of Regent
George \V. iJixon , master of ceremonies.
Tnere whs nn overture, then an address of
■welcome and brief logi -al address by the re
gent, explaining theoojectof the order, which
now nnmbers more than 190.000. Miss E.
Whitney played "The Polisn Dance" on the
piano; Fred Head, who is possessed of un
usually good elocutionary power*, recited
"Spartacus" and "The Dand.- Fifth"; John
Braid sang a tenor solo, "I Am Waiting"; Pro
fessor I'ilse gave piano select. Russell
Lottery, a barytone, sang "The Heart Bowed
Down"; and little Miss Brown 6f ng with good
effect, tor one so young, "TiMe Taylor." The
programme closed with talks from the grapho
phone. presented by Mr. Richardson and M.
a. de Rocco, they showing how the machine is
charged with the human voice and how it re
produces sound. Then there was dancing till
midnight and light refresnments. The enter
tainment was voted a great success.
Western Addition Woodmen.
Western Addition Camp No. 300, Woodmen
of the World, Is the last camp in this City
that Head Consul F.ilkenburg will visit on his
present tour of visitation In this district. The
date has been set for next Monday and the
locale m Franklin Hall, on Fillmore street.
The letter-carriers' band of thirty-two pieces
will be i:i attendance, and there will be »i fine
programme, invitations have been sent to all
the other camps, and it is expected that there
will be a large attendance. Tho meeting will
be open and a general invitation is extended
to ladies. __ V
Ancient Older United Workmen.
Unity Lodge will give a unique entertainment at
Its hall, shiels' building, on Tuesday evening!
Marsh 16, at wnlch time remarks will be made by
tbe grand recorder.
Richmond Lodge will give a public entertain
ment at their spacious hall, corner Steiner and
Geary streets, Wednesday evening, March 31.
The orator of the evening will be the P. G. M. W.,
William ii. Harnes and his subject will be "Fra
ternity As Seen i>y a Traveler."
Tlie Pacific Dn.l learn gave an entertainment
and dance at the Masonic iemple Oakland, last
Tuesday evening, when an imerestlnic musical
and literary programme was presented. An ad
dress was deliver d by Grand lecturer I-.dwin
Danforln. Among he Grand lodge officer* pres
ent were Grand .waster Wot* man Will. am Vtn
tcr. Grand .Medical Kumintr Kaywali, Deputy
Grand Master Workman Bland and Grand lie
corder Hir<hberg-
On Saturday evening last lone Valler Lodge
conferred the degrees on a class of twelve candi
dates. i»epu:y Giand Master Workman Poland
performed the initiation ceremony. He was ac
companied by Grand Lecturer Edwin -Dantorth
and Grand liecelver Booth, and an lnt« resting
meeting was h d, at wbieu the Grand Lodge
officers present delivered addresses. -
The Odd Fellows.
On the 20th inst. Zeta Encampment In Placer
vllie will initiate twenty candidates, and will be
assisted iv the work by tbe team of Occidental
Kncamument of s.acrarn»nto.
The indications are that the anniversary of the
order w ill be celebrated in the southern part of the
stale wiili gita er Klai this year than ever be
fore. The celebration wl.l be in >an a Barbara
and there will be representatives from every sec
tion of the southern country.
{'reparations are already being made by the
committee in charge ior the next encampment,
that ii to be held in the city of L«.s An%eles next
October.
Grand Patriarch Doran has announced the fol
lowing visitations: March 2J, I'orterville: 22d,
Mount Whltn.y: 24th, Selnia; i!6th, Damascus;
April 22, Kern: 23d, Ventura; 28ih, s«nta Bi.r
bara; 30ih, Enterprise, and May 6th Pasadena.
B; aOth, Knt^rprise, aud May 6th Paaadeno.
The Native Sons.
The grand secretary's register shows that dur
ing; the past week the ottice has been visited by
Grand Trustees J. B. Blake,. P. K. Zabala and
Frank i. Coombs; Grand Cutside Sentinel CO.
Dunbir, J. H. Mitchel, Arcata: A. Dilton Jr.,
Martinez: A. Klncaid, Redwood City; W. E. Dean,
Athens, No. 195; A. V. Morgan, ideu, No. 113;
P. W. Kugeler. AleniO Park; Joan J. Wyalt, Sa
linas Cliy; b. E. traw, Aniioch.
jo D. upioul, H. .Nichols. O. T. Jackson, \V.
C. Muiih, Al Abrahams and A. G. Simpson, the
executive committee or Cdlco No. 21, who have
In hand the grand carnival and mai-qoerade to be
given on the 19th, hive tended to the con
venience and pleasure of the paiticlpants In every
detail who may atttud.
Juuge it. C. i;u»i of Jackson, chairman of i lie
beard of granu trustees, wiil make the following
official visits during the week, which will complete
his work as a member of the visiting board: stan
lo.d No. 70, luesday: hay City A'a 104, Wednes
oay; Hesperian -No 137 on Tnurjday, all In 'his
City, lii 1 rioay he wl 1 visit Benicia No. t9, and
V»:lejo on » aiuiday ev.ning.
Pieumont No. rJO of Ookiand endeavored to en
terti.in its members, grnn.i officers and visitors
Ihsl Friday evening by lnl.iating three candidates
into the parlor, and with the kinJiy assistance of
A i » de'a No. 154 term, who were in attendance,
to coirf -r the nincompoop degree, with Jolin J.
Grief as tie high nincompoop, wnl'b was one of
the features of ihe evening, and was exemplified
to ibe satisfaction and pleasure of me audience, if
not to the candidates. A most eujoyab.e evening
was spent, and the committee, consist ne of W. 11.
L. Hynes, K. Baker, K. P.aner, D. Jjoody and X
Vau^haii, did not leave any tio:ie unturneu to
make the meeting and the. banquet which fol
lowed an affair long to be remembered by all
present. The Native sons' Band, composed of
I members of equoia No. ltO, of this City. In their
new uniforms furnished the music, wuicn was
I highly appreciated.
I on >1< uJay evening, Mar 15, Stockton No. 7,
j the secoud largest of the interior panors, will cele
brate its sixteenth auniversar/ by a gratid reunion
and ba quet. it wi Ibe tbe occasion or an official
j visit from Grand Trus.ee Hod W. Church, accoiu
• panivd by .several 4ral.il officers, Ihe hospitality
I extended by this pariur during the la>i 9ih of >cp
! lember le.eoialion will insure the acceptance of
I all iuvitaiio.is Issued.
i--sp»no No. li' 9of Madison, Yolo County, Initi
ated several new c. uid.<lat:s at its last meeting
held last Sati.rday evening.
Horntr Prindle. deputy for Santa Clara County,
reports MaylK-iO, Cbservatory and h»:i Jose par
lors nourishing, anu n.at ihe other par.Ors in his
disiric. are holding their own.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
I j-.-r-^-> rtrLfx^vTfu^r> J^^t f vj>r> J >jv-u>^^ f^A -_-,-_r-_n_- -,j- _n _n_r i . -i.
: stT«= MISSION LODOE NO. It 9. F. m
&-»' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS g\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30^3?
1 o'clock. Flr6t degre •. By order of the W. /V>
j H. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. ;
Br^S 51 EXCEJBIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. m
: a*3S? an( a, ML— Called meeting THIS M\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, .March 10, at 'Sf V
i 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. /V>
THE . E. SMITH, Secretary.
B^s=> MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. m
BF-*' 44, F. and A. M.— Meeting THIS g\
I (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3J^jV
o'clock. First degree. /yy\
THEO. FROLICn, Secretary.
■PrT^ 3 CROCKETT I ODGE NO. 139, F. m
! W^ and A. M.-Called meeting THIs g\
(WEDNE-DaY) EVENIXO at 7:30. Firstly
i Tee. By order of the W. M /V>
H. FORTRIF.DE, Sec.
BT^3p EAGLE LODGE NO. 2204, K. OF IL —
E*^* 1 Jiembers are hereby notified to attend the
regular meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVtN-
1-NG. at 8 o'clock. 'A-£ O'Farrell r.t. Amendments
| to by-law* wi 1 be considered.- By order
[ J. K. PniLi.irs. Rep. at. HAKTMAN, Die.
Jt^' FRIh-Nhh OF THE GOLDEN GATE
K-»^ Vere.n— ofhcf-rs and members of the
lii»ndß of the Golden Gate Verein are her -by re-
qi ested to atiend tne funeral of their la c brother,
JOHN F. Moi.L..R, on THURSDAY, at 2 o'clock
p. x , from the par.ors or H. F. Subr<& Co., 1209
MUaiOii st , i'enr Kl<;nth.
MRh. MATH.DA VAN NIEL, President.
Mrs Julia Marks Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JJ^S* WALLPiiPKB AT COST; INGRAINS,9c;
H^^ painting;paper-hauglng. 130 a Webster si.
fPPS=» BAD TEN AN IS EJECT '.D, 3: COL-
u>^ lections, city or country; rates reasonable.
Co umbian Law <£ Col. Agency. W. L. HARPER,
i Manager, filth floor, 101 fraiisomest. Tel. M 1519.
V^St' BAD TKNANTS EJKCTRD FOR «4:
W-& rolleaions made: aty or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montity st,, room 6: tel. 6680.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Br^s= DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
B-jC' 4] (twenty-five .cents per share) of the
HUTCHISON BOG A PLANTATION COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 3-7 M rket St., on and at er SATURDAY,
March 20, 1897. Transfer-books will cloj'j SAT-
URDAY, Muicu 13. 1697. Nt 12 o'clock M.
K. H. SHi LDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
VTUMBER OF GIRLs, ALL NATIONALITIES,
IN awaiting situations at MRS. HIRD'S, 721
Kills St.: telephone butter 52.
"Li IRS i -CLASS FRENCH COOK DESIRES A
i situation: best of references. MARTIN 749
Market st.
IRhTCLASS SECOND GIRL, WITH REF-
erence. desires a at uallon. J. F. CKOBETT &
CO., 316 *■ utter st.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
son st., tel( phone Main 6332, furnishes reli-
able help of all nationalities. . .
\\T A X lE D- B MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
it with i:ood ref?ren<es and experience, posit on
as invalid nurse or tare of infant; win go travel-
ing. Call nt my present employer*, 655 Capp ft.,
cor. Twenty-second; lake Howard or Mlsslon-s.
cars. '
DK M AKER AND SEAMSTRESS WOULD
like few more engagements by. the day in
la mil leg, SI 26 a day ; Chi dren's clothes a special tv
Atldiess F. L. W., box 1, Call Office.
AMERICAN GIRL DE-IRKS A SITUATION
>V to assist In housework; no chl dren; good
home; small wages. 109 Leaven worth si. ...
GIB!/. WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
and sewing: sleep at home preferred. - Address
G. a:, box 74. Call Ufflce. ,
KKMaN llt L WANTS SITUATION FOR
upstairs; is a good seamstress. Apply 1803
Post st. ' ,/;.■ ' ' ■ . --.; ■'.....- ■■". -■; .-,. ; '■ ■
COMPETENT FRENCH GIRL DESIRES SIT-
Vj i ation, waitress, ui>s:«lrs or take carp of chil-
dren. Address F. U., box 9, Call Unite. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 189?.
SITUATIONS WASTED-ConHnn«il,
VRE.VCH LADY WISHES A POSITION TO
JO mind children, or either upstairs work and
sewing: good references- Address 419 Geary St.,
room 24. , • ;
T3ELIABLE WOMAN WA»T\ POSITION AS
It wording housekeeper; good cook and liiun-
! dress: good city reference: cny or country. 3377
Twenty-sixth St., nr. Mission.
WANThD-EMfLOYMENT AS WETNURSE
iV by respec young married woman, child
2 weeks old: best of reference* given. Address
311 Thirtieth St.. city. : .
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
washing, cleaning, nursing, or cleaning offices.
809 Lapps . ,
WANTED— A GOOD PLACE TO DO SECOND
j TT wcrk; wages $25. Address A. R., box 88, Call.
TIT ANTED— BY COMPK 1 JSNT GIRL A PLACE
»» for housework in American family: a'lults;
wages *i:5. < ddresi E. l)., box 106, this office.
EXPEKIENC- 1> WOMAN WIMIES A PLACE
JZi to do eeaeral housework. Apply 817 Mission.
IJESPECTABI.E YOUNG LADY (RECENTLY
It from the E«st) wants a place as housekeeper
or chambermutU; hotel, bachelor's or widower's
home preferred. Kcom 4, Columbia Hold, First at.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
XV is a gnod. rook and housekeeper: thoroughly
understands her business; none but responsible
parties need apply. Address 603 Stevenson at.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL WISHES A
Xv position at general housework in private fam-
ily : wag s $12. Apply for two days at 267 Clem-
entina st., off Fourth.
nSKSSMAKER; STYLISH AND LONG EX-
U prience; finest work; McDowel system of
'cutting; engagements In families. 419 Geary su,
room 1.
/GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORKWASH-
w ing, Ironing or any kind of work by the day.
Call or udilie-,3 232 ahipley si.
GOOD ENGLISH COOK WISHES SITUA-
VT tlou at general housework; low wages, Call
468 Jessie st- , near Sixth.
/i EKMAN WOMAN. OUOU COOK, WISHES A
vJ place Id boarding-house, restaurant or lunch-
bouse. Address 1210 i-ol.ioiu st.
LADY WANTS TO MAKE BEDS IN LODG-
•ing-hou«e and live at home, or any work by
the day. Cail at 1022 Mission st., In basement.
IV ANTED— WASHINU.IKONINGOKHOUSK-
I* c.eaniug by the day; best ot reference. MRS.
M. E. JcNsE.\, 8 Minna st., rear.
German WOMAN, GOOD COOK. and
carver, wishes steady situation; hrst-class
| luncbhiiuse preferred. 90 i hipley, cor. 1-ourth.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework in American famiiy; wages
f°JO; reference. 3841 Eighteenth St., nr. Sanchez.
\T ORWEGIAN GIKL WISHES ANY KIND OF
1> housework by the day. Coll 1133^ Pacific
St., from 9 to 1 o'clock.
STEADY YOUNG OEKMAN GIRL WISHES
to assist in lUht housework and help with chil-
dren. Adi.r»ss 488 E g.ith st.
10IRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK WANTS PO-
siiion. P.ease address letter to THOMA&,
631 suiter si.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO DO UPSTAIRS
0 work and waiting on table; good reference.
513 McAllister st.
T\rANTFD— BY A FlKS'l-CLAS-> LAUN-
»» dress work by the day, or housecleaning; ,
Lest city references. Call or address 2 Bitch St.,
bet. 1 bird and Fourth, off Fo.s
IHIIKLS WAM SITUATIONS IN LIGHT
*- housework. Call or address 163 Tehama .st.,
downstairs.
/COMPETENT COOK WISHhS SITUAIION,
\J or would do general housework and some
washing: Mages $25; no postal:). Call 1125 Post.
AN EDUCATED LADY AND EXPERIENCED
curse desires posit. on as nurse or • ompanion
to invalid; best ox references. A. E., box 6, Call
Office, Oakland.
\\r ANTED— DRESSMAKING IN FAMILIES
" in city, Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley, at $2
per day; wor< guaranteed. 304 tan Pablo aye..
Oakland.
yOUXU COLORED GIKL WISHES BITUA-
X tlon to do light housework or take care of
children. Address E. E., box 76, Call Office.
RESSMaKER — FIRST-CLASS FITTER,
jtyltsh draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker; by the day. 104 Grove st.
X\T ANTED— SITUATION AS UOOKKKEPEK
'» or stenographer by a competent young lady
of experience: small salary to begin with ex-
pected. 'Address Stenographer, box 49, Call Office.
nOMPETE.NT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
VJ work: good rook and laundress. Call or ad-
diess H. L., 3480 eeventeeniu s  near Guerrero.
No cauls.
VEAT. WILLING, RE PKCTABLE GERMAN
-Ll girl wishes situation for upstairs or second
work: references from present employer. 1631
Fell st.
WKDIsH GIKL, WAN'I9 A POSITION TO
SWKDI&H GIKL, WAN 19 A POSITION TO
do general housework. Call l'.'J Weal Mission
St., bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
WOMAN WANTS PLAIN WASHING To
" do at home or gentlemen's underwear. 665
Stevenson -.;.. In rear.
yOUSM WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
X plain sewing at home. 131 Taylor St.", r. 2.
yOUSG (iiRL WISHES PLACE IN NICK
X family as good plain cook and general bouse-
wor*; la very reliable. Please call 925 Harris. >n
st., bet. Fifth and Mx.h.
"IiroMAN AND STKoNG BOY WOULD LIKE
'» place in the country; woman good cook; boy
able to wort on farm. . W. 8., box 21, Call Office.
GOOD, RELIABLE WOMAN WIsHKSPO-I-
-' I tion as working housekeeper; understands the
care of children or will dn chamberwork. Address
Mi.S. M. MOORE, 4272 Twenty- nith St., bet.
Castro and Diamond.
RESPECTABLE CATHOLIC GIRL WOULD
It like position as lady's maid and seamstress or
children's nurse. Address A., box 77, Cail Office.
2 SWEDISH GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS TO
ii do general housework In the country together;
gooJ cook and laundresi; across tne bay preferred.
16 Capp St., near sixteenth.
LMKM-CI>ASS LAUNDRESS WOULD LIKE A
X situation in private family. S i., box 70, Ca 1.
DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
by the uayornt nome, or a steady situation
with dressmaker; willing to cross the bay for day
work; $1 50. Addren MR-. «V., box 74, Call.
yOUKO GIKL WAN IS A PLACE TO ASSiST
X in ii^ht housewoik or to ta%e care of chl.dren.
Call oraiidies* 1U63y 3 Howard st.
\TEAT, COMPETENT AND FIRST-CLA^S
XI young lady stenographer and typewriter dv
sires sltua:lou: wlli assist with accounts; best of
references; salary C 6 per week. Audreys L. a.,
box 46, Call Office.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
X tion to lake c are of 1 or 2 children. Apply
1123 Powell st. rear.
\\r ANTED— BY GOOU WOMAN GENERAL
'» housework: is a good cook; city or country;
references. Hi ..*> Market st. . - ■•
TTOUNU GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X tion in lower's or bachelor's household. 38
Eddy st., room i.
-.■yOU NO GERMAN WIDOW DESIRKS GEN-
X ilem-in's mending at home. 38 Eddy St.,
room 1.
SWEI<I-H GIRL, JUST ARRIVED, WISHES
a place lor centra; housework. 1135 FiO.ida
street.
MERiCAN i.ADY WANTS POSITION AH
companion and nurse with invalid; n etical
references. 1530 Eddy, rir. steluer (. f.ernoons).
Qll GEARY — COMPKTKNT INFANTS'
O IK nurse wirhes pleo to take care of naby or
grown ehiidnn; thoroughly hunest and icMiible;
can furnisn best of lefert-nces.
ANTED— PLAIN SEWIN i AND MEND-
'» ing: reasonable prices. At 1613 Polk st.
YODSO.DA.MsH GIRL WANTS ANY KIND
Xof wo by the day, washing, etc. App.y 600
Broderick s .. near Hayes. i ,
ASTERN LADY OF EXPKRIEN. E WANTS
a permanent position us housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widowers home. Loom 3, 996 Mar-
ket st. ... v V -. .. •
SITUATION WANTED BY KLDERLY LADY
O r.s > haraberniatd in hotel or lodging - hcuse.
143 Third si., room 21. * " .:
GIKL STUDENT WOULD LIKE WOKK DUR-
u ing forenoon-; cleaning house, office or halls
preferred. Address A. G., box 136, Call office.,
COMPETENT COOK, SPEAKING GEKMAN
\J and English; good musician; will as«l« light
housework and able to take charge of children,
call or address M. H. E., 136 >ixih st. • ■
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WAN ADS FOB THE
Cam. taken at branch ofUce, 3aa liayea sl;
open until »:3J o'clock. - • : . :
YOIXO AND ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
X sires a position as typewriter: cood dUposillon.
l-JOVir Geary St., room 2, first floor. . ■■_-,;>. . ..
yOONG 'EASTERN WIDOW OF RKFINK-
X m<-nt and culture desires a i oil ion as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or i a;helor's house.'
Room -, 122 Post St.: call after 12. ,; . ;
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEKPKR (WIDOW)
Xj wants work-In widower' ■> or bachelor's house-
hold, with children: country preferred. ■■ - 8a Ninth
St., room 17: hours 11a. ton v. m.
want ad-s and s SUBSCRIPTIONS -; for
'• Thr Call are taken at Branch office, (.oath-
nest corner sixteenth and Mission ss. •; .;. '■■. :.-' •■
REFINED WIDOW FROM NEW YORK DE-
XV sires position as typewriter. Call 167 Seventh
at., room IV, second floor. •■■,■■
' FITCATIONS WANTED- Cont!nti«»«l.
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WIDOW
■-T as, working housekeeper. Call or address 11 1
Taylor st.. room 14. ;: ; • - . ." " , ■ ■ '■ '
■7 1 Q LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
'JO CALL: Mibucriniinns an- want ads taken.
Wanted — by a scotch protestant
■■»» girl, cooking and housework in American
family; can givo reference. Call 720 Ellis st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH , ST., NEAR Mis-
sion; branch office Of THi Call. bub-
bi rip: ions and want ads taken. - ..
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms vsc to $160 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and ba- (race ioau<l from the terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
pAKDENER; FlilST CLASS: 7 YEARS
VJ same place: not afraid of work; can milk;
wishes a situation. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton St.,
telephone 1804. '
|?IKST-CLA»S ENGLISH BUTLER, WITH
I superior referenc 's, desires situation; City or
country. _ MlaS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
TT UNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
J-L employment office, removed to 614y 2 Califor-
nia St.. near Kearny. :'J el. main 231.
JiINESE AND JAPA.NESK EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 4111/2 O'FarreiL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE fINTb.LiJGhNL)Ii AGENCY. R.
tl 90, St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel .* am 5234.
CHIKJUSB & J.\fANi-SE; EsT'D 20 YEARS;
help;tel.main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay
AM CHINESE AND JA PENKSK EM-
ployment office. 611 Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
JAPAN KSK FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS A
O situation in city or country. Addicts F. X.,
1229 Pine st.
TfiLDERLY GERMAN, CARPENTER. CABI-
XLj no-maker, varnisher, upholsteier, wants posi-
tion in hotel i>r institute: good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Address G.c, box 103, Call Office,
OUNG MAN. 27, DESIRES POSITION IN
1 store or diive deli very- wagon; soberamire-
itnble: can give bonds from $500 to $1000 if re-
quired. Address C. J. F., box 96, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— POS r 1 0 N BY YOUNG GER-
"' man as teamster or on ranch. R. P., box 61,
Call Office.
IRS 1- CLASS BOOKKEEPER WANTS EM-
ployment; ' mine, ranch, winery or general
store: willing to give such other services as de-
sired to fill time: salary low. Address J. J., box
21, Call.
TEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
in a wholesale store or elsewhere. Address
J. G. 11., 51& McAllister St.
THOROUGH HOTEL MAN DESIRES
X charge of small hotel or rooming-house on
percentage or small salary; highest reference.
H. H., box 160, Call, j
fJIHOROUOH GAKDENEK, GERMAN, DE-
*- sires permanent employment: is willing to per-
form work nbout the house and barn if required.
Address Uuidener. 560 HowarJ st. ■
STEADY YOUNG MAN, NO BAD HABITS,
wilting: to work, would like employment about
place; understands care of horses, cow , etc, and
is handy with tools. Y. M., bjx 75, Call Office.
I FRENCHMAN, MIDDLE-AGE, CARPENTER,
-T handy around residence or vineyard, good hand
at watting, gi_o! address, desires position c ty or
country, or as porter, store or warehouse. F. D. 8.,
210 -Montgomery aye.
pREDIT MAN AND BOOK KEEPER.RFCKNT-
V/ ly from the East, wishes office worK: 8 years
Hli last employer; highest city references; can
operate typewriter ana write shor hand: sma 1
salary, as must have employment. Address B. X.,
box 103, Call Office
ANTED— SITUATION AS BARTENDER.
II with view to purchase; wages no object. Ad-
dress A. A., box 1 46, Call. . . \
MAN AND WIFE AS COOKS OR TO RENT
a place; col country hotel preferred. Ad-
dress F. C ALDER, 702 California s..
MIDDLK-AGKD AND INTELLIGENT DANE
lil wishes a situation about 1 rivate place in city
or Oakland: can take care of horses, garden, cows;
best of reference and experience; willing to work
for small wages and good home. Address A. C,
box 46, Call office.
TVTANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED AMEP.I-
-" can, with references, ace about private i
place; horse, cow an i garden: handy with tools:
moderate wages. Address Earnest, 224 Seventh.
JAPANESE WANTS STEADY SITUATION
Jin small family, either waiter or plain conk
with housework; has iood references. Addiess
GEORGE, tox J36, this office. ...:
U/'INCHf.STEK HOUaK. 44 THIRD ST., NX.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to tl 60 per night:
$1 60 to JU per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
RANCH OFFICE 'Til E CALL, 167 NINTH
.••;. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATION ON RANCH BY MAN" AND
O wire: man understands ranch, orchard and
vineyard wont; good . rums hi; can run engine;
woman good cook; no children. -Address R. P.,
box 70, Call Office.
T\r ANTED — POSITION AS CLEKK IN A
I! grocery-store by German boy 17 years old;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davis st., 1
saloon.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"XJ Call: want add and subscriptions lateen.
OOKKKEPKR AND ACCOUNTANT OFEN-
BOOK XXE HER AND ACCOUNTANT OFEN-
!«r.-i .1 experience in commercial and financial
Una* deal (« situation; tlrsi-cla?s references. Fi-
delity, box 82, Call.
pOACUMAN; BY YOUNG MAN (23): CAN
\J milk and do plain gardening; good references.
A.8., box 109. Ca 1 Office.
= 07 MONTGOMERY, 'CORNER OF Ci-AY—
'■-I open until 9:31) o'clock; branch office or
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
QQO HAVES »T.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• )«>•/ liiK Call; oubaorlpiiona and «m; ads
j taken. ,
KEMAtE HELP WANTED.
3 COOKS, PRIVATE FAMILY, CITY, $25,
$30; 4 cirls for housework, city. »20, $25:
nurseglrl, $9: 6 girls for housework, $16 and ISO:
6 young girH to assist, »10. C. B. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary su
t) GIRLS, OAKLAND, CAL., $16: GIRL, WKB-
-- sterst.. $15: g rl. Pacific st , $15: girl, Golden
Gate aye.. $15; girl, lay lor st , 415, no baking;
girl, I'akerst.. $15; clrl. Fine si., $16: girl, Green
st., $15: girl, Geary St.. $15; Irl, i ivermore, Ca l .,
$15: clr. Contra COita. Cal., $16; 12 young girls,
8, $10 at d $12 per month, to assist, e:c. MAR-
TIN.-;, 749 Market st.
CT IRL. VALLWO. CAr*,s2o: GIRL, BROAD-
T way, $20: girl. Flllmore at.. $20: glr', O'Fnr-
rel st., *20; girl. Eddy St.. $18: girl, California st..
$25; girl, Scott St.. $20; girl, Gilden Gate aye.,
$]8; girl, Octavia St., $20. MARTIN'S, 749
I Market st.
WOMAN AS DISHW.ASHEP, $15; GIRL FOR
»» bakery; waltresi, $-5. MAUTIN'S, 749
Market su ■
O HEAD WAITRESSES; CITY. MARTIN'S,
0 749 .Varke: st.
3WAIIRESSI^: $10- .NO SUNDAY WORK.
MA UN'S, 749 Market st.
1 ADY IRONKR: COUNTRY LAUNDRY.
1j MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
. !
I?AMILY.COOK, $30. MARTIN'S, 749 MAR-
-1 ket st. S, .• / . . '
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER: $25. MISS
CU.LLKN, 323 i-utterit.
1; RKNCH MAID. $20: SECONI' GIRL, $25;
.1 German nnr,e, ?25: 10 hotiiework girls, city
anil coii'itry, $20 and $26: M youti!; girls, assist,
$10 to $15. MISSCULLEX, a. 3 Sutler st
CIOOK, $30; SISSON; 2 IN FAMILY. MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 butter st. >■ ;v.:'
COOK, WISH FAMILY; $35. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sutter st. '
I*. RE NCH MAID, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
■ Sutter st. ; , ;
A COOKS IN GKRMAN AND AMERICAN
'I families, $2: English, scotch or north of Ire-
land nurse, $'.'5; Scandinavian second girl, $30;
and a lurg« number of glr.s.for cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSE'iT ife CO.. 316 Slitter st.
PROIESTANT LADY. UNDER 36 YEARS
X of age. to teach and care for children, assist
with light upst: irs work,' en., country. $25, see
la-ly here this morning, - references required.
MURRAY & READY, 6X4 and 636 Clay st.
pATHOL.IO GIRL OR WOMAN TO COOK IN
\J an in,: :iution. »20; woman for general horse-
work on ranch, couth. $20, see party here: house-
work girls, etc. MUKR AY A RKAD«\ Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si.
Air A TED— WOMAN TO COOK ON A RANCH,
»» neurclty, French or Scadlnavlan. $20: French
nurse to travel," JO; Catholic ninU. $-5; French
maid, seamstress. $25; 3 French • girls fori.ou.se-
wor«:, $25 and $2L>. LEON A-NDi.E, removed 10
308 Stockton st. " . / ". .■';■-, ■'■ '
p KRMAN GIRL. SMALL FAMILY, CITY,
\T $20. MRS. LAMBEKT. 106 Maion st.
"VTORTH GERMAN UOUSEK KEPER, WITH-
1* out incumbrance,; $16, City. MRS LAM-
BERT, 306 -Mason «t. . f '
/ i KKMAN GIRL. 3 IN FA M 11. $20, OAK-
VJ land. MRS. L \MBKRT, 306 Mason st.
COLORED GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $16: 2
\J girls toteihi-r, small, family, no washing. $.'5:
SweuUh houiegirl, $25. Altt:-. NORTON, 316
Siittir st. " ' : ; . • .
OOK AND SECOND GIRL. SAME HOU."E,
\J $15 and $20: cook. $:-:(»: " nurseglrl, $15, and a
number of others. v;; MRS. 11IRI>. 721 Ellis st.
\\r ANT iiD— GOOD DRtSSMAKKRAND AN
m apprentice at MRS. KKMP'i, 336^ Sixth st.
,v'V / BKtP WANTKD-Cont!nn»4.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CT!-\: GIRLS OF
all nationalities to fill various positions." Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason St.
WAN 1 ED— GIRL TO LEARN TYPK-SKT-
»" tins: and printing. Address R. P., box 138,
Call Office. ..
piRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN AND
vT do housework; good home and small wages.
37*1 Twenty-sixth st. > f : •
J?INU»HSHB WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS.
r 607Je,sies:.
• A PPRKNTICK WANTED AT DRESSMAK-
xx ing; 14 to 16 years old. IGOI Larkin st.
WANTED— GIRL ON FINE CUSTOM-MADE
'' 'oats. 461 Jessie st.
NEAT GIRL, HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
i-' cooking; $10; state age. Girl, box 189. Call.'
MCDOWKLL DRESSMAKING AND MIL-
•'• linery School— Rapid method: easy to learn;
bes system: patterns 25c. 103 Post st.
W"ANTED — FINISHERS ' ON CUSTOM
»' coats; must make good buttonholes. Inquire
at 9151/2 Suiter st. .
ANTED — h XPERT SKIRT - -MAKER;
» » none others need apply, j 312 Post st.
EXIERIENChD OPERATOR ON SINGER
-lj machines. 1388 Marker si.
I ADLES AND GENTLEMEN WISHING TO
I ■• sing in the GranJ Chorus March 17ih, evening
of St. Patrick's Day, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
please call or address J. W. McKENZIE, Musical
Director, 524 Eddy St. *
JMNISHKRSON LADIES' CLOAKS, LADIES'
-T tailoring department. M. J. KELLER CO.,
Oakland.
p OODCHOCOLATK.-DIPPKR; STEADY JOS;
VJ good wages. SCUAIJfER'S, 2 Sixth st.
SF. DRKSS-CUTTINO BCHO L— FRENCH
• tailoring tuught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
4 MARKET S.T.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken. :■:.■-
-TV "ANTED —IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
'» barber trade: si. op to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 1381/2 Eighth st.. S. F. Barber College.
£| " LARKIN — BRANCH <^i-TCE OF THB
yJl'l Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND EESPECTABLK;
Winchester Hous<\ 44 Third St., near Market:
:0J rooms: 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $J
per week: tree 'bus and baggage to and trom ferry.
l/< LYNN'S J)RESSAIAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week. : . .,
HALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND COOK. GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
and oysters, re taurant. $45; waiter, hotel,
south. 525; 5 waiters with dress suits, hotel,
north. $30. C. R. H ANbEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
JTPHOLSTKKER FOR FIRST-CLASS HOTEL;
U $25 to $30 and found; steady work. C R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Gearv st.
I FARMER AND WIFE, SEE PARTY HERE
J? this morning; man and wife about piace,
see party here; Swiss milker for Oregon. $2i>, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
JAPANESE CO'iK FOR RANCH: COUNTRY;
J $20. C. i.. HANSr.N & CO., 110 Geary St.
/COLORED POKTEB, CITY; \OUKO MAN TO
\J wait some; cook, &7 a week: nigh' cook, $25
and room, for Nevada. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
pHBKSK AND BUTTER MAKER. MAR-
V,' TIN'S, 749 Market st.
PORTER AND RUNNER, COUNTRY HOTEL.
X MARTIN'S, 749Marketst. :
YOUNG MAN, FRUIT RANCH. MARTIN'S,
J- 749 Market st. . ->'■&•,'.: I.
JAPANESE COOK, $40 AND R OM; JAPAN-
ese De.lboy. MAKIINV, 749 Market st.
WASTED — DRIVER FOR A DKLIvERY
** wagon, cash security required; bencbhand
for plnniiik-nnill, $3 d»> ; American blacusmitu
and woodworker; milker and wife, $40; butler,
»40; and others. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT&CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
LOREMAN FOR A VINEYARD; SEE BOSS
P here; 3 furu.ers; farmer and wife. $30; 2 chore-
bovs for ranches; milker, $25. MURRAY <&
itEADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
606 C ay
1 A MORE WuODCHOPPERS, $7 CORD:
lv laundryman, 13 J; lroner, $30; 3 cooks: 2
walte s, dl.ihwasliprs aid others. MURKA V &
Itr.ADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay.
TV" ANTED— FOREMAN FOR LARGE GRAIN
" ranch; mils', :be tingle man under 60 years of
ace with California experience and first-class
reieremes; salary $50 per month and touni. W.
D. EWER <fc CO , 626 Clay St.
WASTED-MILKER AND WIFE AS CO'IK,
H $40: milker near city, $20; butler with refer-
ences, $40; cook for a restaurant, $12 a week;
vineyardUt and c»llarman. $20; German assistant
cook near city, $25; waiter plain hotel. 125, etc.
L. ANDUfc, 308 Stockton St.
WAITER, CITY, $40. HOTEL GAZETTE,
»» 420 Keany.
p>.NTLEMEN AND lADIiS WISHING TO
vX sing In the crand chorus March 17. evening of
St. Pauick's day, ai Mechanics' Pavilion, please
call or a.ldress J. W. JdcKENZIE, Musical Di-
rector. 524 Eddy St.
BOY WANTED TO SELL PLANTS; STEADY
job 2726 Howard; call bet. 7 and 8 am.
TIT ANTED— DISH WASHER. REIDY'S 110-
Tt tel, 1504 Kentucky g:., Potrero.
WANTED— FOR COUNTRY, GOOD STORE
clerk, who ran also telegraph: give full quali-
fications and references. I. unit it box 135, Call.
U, ANTED — A SOLICITOR FOX FAMILY
'» liquor trade: leferences required. Address
1".., box 10, Call Office.
OOD WAITER WANTED. CALL AT 134
Third St.. bet. 8 and 9.
OBEK ANDSTE >. DV SHOEMAKER ON RE-
pacing. 2857 Twenty-fourth St., near Bryant.
T?XPK*RIKNCED STENOGRAPHER AND
H< typewriter; must be able-bcdled; state salary.
McNEIL BROS., san Jose.
yOUNG JOB PRINTER: STATE EXPKRI-
x ence and wages. McNEIL BROS., ban Jose.
GOOD BLACK WANTED FOR BARBER-
shop. 1048 McAllister st.
BOY WANTED; GERMAN PREFERRED;
from 14 to 16 years. 154 fourth st.
2FIRSI-CI.ASS SHOEMAKERS WANTED
£i Immediately. 1608 Park St., Alameda.
T\r ANTED— EXPERIENCED PHO 1 O PRINT-
TT er. Room 36, 106.i Washington St.. Oakland.
ITaKMPLOYKD, GOTO THE BiiNi.FIT TO-
) dry. 639 i a ifor.ila st.
SHOESHOP FOR BALE; CHEAP; SEE IT.
1072 Ciay at.
BA R H E RS-GOOD 2-CHAIR SHOP; ClGAR-
stand: cheap. DECKELMA N BROS., 106 r.llls.
AiiBEK-NHOP FOR SALE; GOOD LOCA-
tlon. Particulars 1 1 2 Sixth at.
\\T TED -SEAMEN; OEDINAIIY AND
>> green - hands. Shipping Agency, 10 Sieuart
|t.i upstairs.
6YOUNG MKN FOR LONG OB: NO EXPE-
rience necessary. HERMAN'S, 637 Clay st. .
TITAN TED- A. YOUNG GERMAN AS BAR-
» 1 keeper; must bo strictly sober 1 and well rec-
ommended. 1100 Valencia s reel.
SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR NEW WORK
O and renal-lug. Apply this office. .
Air AN TED— AN EXPERIENCED CANDY-
IT linker with $600 to buy jtooa going business
and factory in good location. "Address Candy, box
138, '.all office. -
WASTED- J-TKADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
TT position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply after 3 p. m. 9 Geary st., room 2.
WANTED — BUYER FOR FIRsT-CLASS
• » .slioemaking shop 111 Sauaallto: plenty new-
work and repairing. . Inquire this office.
SECOND EXPEDITION SOU I H SEA ISLAND
O now formed. 63i> California St. .■:...'-..■
LOAN OF $300 O.n/jOOD SECURITY WILL
secure you a situation. W. M , box 76. Call.
Q-CHAIR BARBER h«HOP FOR SALE, OR
0 will take partner.' 307 Sixth st. . '
I/- NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE 1 OF
1 D I 'IHK all, - subsci-ipllou ami want ads.
taken. ' : • . .
VV f ANTKD-A BOY TO LEARN THE PHOTO-
»' engraving business. Apply California Photo-
engraving Company, 6.3 Market st. , • .^V.' .. x «
7AA PAIR MEN'S SHOKS. BEEN DAM-
i \JV' aged by water, at less than one-fourth their
value, from 75c up to $2 bO. 562 Missio.j St., bet.
First and r c ond. .: . ;
.K>)j- MI»SIUN — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— O±t\t want ads taken for THE CALL.
BARBER-SHOP: RUNNING 3 CHAIRS; |Al
location. Apply Call Office. ■
"I, ADY WANTS GEN » LI. MAN PARTNER;
Xj only $25 capita. - 1 Jb'lf h st, room 1.
, .ARBERS— toll EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
ID P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FIX. H-», 325 Grant aye.
J» ARBER-SHOP— MUST -BK SOLD, ON AC-
-1) count of s.ckness. 1944 Market st. ■ ■
ori)/- MIbSIONBT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_»)_U The call; bubscnptious aua -waut ada
taken. v w '.;■':■:■■ .-;' .•;'. •-: ■:■.-,  ;-;,;. : ■■■"■"■■'.■■■;. ■ :
OURNEYMKN KARI.KKS' : EJJPLOYMEM'
secretary .11. BERNARD, 102 ee venth su " :
HFT.P WANTED- ContlnnM.
CITY OR COUNTRY TAILORS WILL
profit by sending their coats to san Francisco
Coat-makers, 17 s.ockton pl • strictly white labor.
TYLISH AND " DURABLE • C LF SHOES
made to order. 92 50: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand shoes. 959 Howard st.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO YUK- N GOLD
X fields. Alaska, Join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting
Agency, 213 tan some st. .
\\l ANTED-SEAMAN, ORDINARY SEAMAN
■»» and grfen-hands for whaling and d»ep-water
vessels. Appl»- at McMAHON & MCCARTHY,
117 Drumm St., upstairs. ; ,
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, v 6oc
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Mowed.
TirANTED— SAILORS FOR -TEAM WHAL-
>». ers and sealers at LANE'S, 504 Davis st.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
» » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing throuKh the day can have their shoes repaired
at nlgbt while you wait: ladies' soilnsr, 35c; men's
soling. 60c: fine shoes mad« to order from $2 up;
' we have a lot or shoes been damaged i>y water at
less ti.an - one-fourth their value, from 75c up to
92 60. 562 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
ROOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO 91 60
■IX per week. Oriental, 226 Drurnm st. .
L'IRST - CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
J cloaks an suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market,
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts.
"IV ANTED.TOCOLLECTWAOESDUELABOR-
" ersiclerks KNOX Collection A»cv, 110 Sutter.
JiCRUITS WANTED tOR THE U. IS. MA-
XV rina Corps, IT. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United S.ates, or those
who have legally declared their Intention to be-
come such: must be of good character au. I habit*
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feel In height. For
further information apply at the Hecrultiu^ Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cat.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
" of some simple thing to patent? 1 rotect your
ide»s; they may bring you wealth. Wtlte JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
ELCHOHOU^E, 863Va MARKET ST.— xluo.M.4
20c. 25c to 50c night: *1 to $2 weeic
IW7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
JDI 'I Ha Call; aubscrlpttoa and want ada
taken. I
RY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BK-
-1 low fclxth. tor a room; lie a night; 91 a wee c.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 rents per night: $1, 91 25, 91 60 per wees.
Pacific House. Commercial and I.eidesdonT sts.
I (\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
±\J\J and 200 a nlgnu including coS«M alia rodi. «.
t24 Washington su, near Kearay..
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third t>U: 15 J
large rooms; 25c per night; 91 to 93 per week.
—
■DOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE FUR-
XV nished rooms, -De to 25c night, $1 to 91 60 wit
E SIMON WANTS 100 MEN TO GET BOX-
. Ue beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 clay.
WANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DA*; 41
weeic: rooms for 2. 26c a day. 91 50 a wee*;
reading-room: daily papers. S6 Clay st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 TH IK L» ST., NR.
MarKet: 200 rooms, 250 a night; reading-
room: free bus and harcac© to and from tlio :err/.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GEMS \V»KTED IN EVERY COUNTY TO
sell direct NTED IN EVERY COUNTY TO
sell direct to the farmers the combination lock
C-evla; sells on sight In the East. SAML. GAM-
BLE, P. C. Agent, 1307 Dolores st.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKER «!£ RAY COMPANY. 7^3 Market St.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHED
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
ELL YOUR BOOK*. CLOTHING and JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: semi pos:*u
1
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET 5T.... .91,400
•)U 24-room bouse, 0n1y..... 650
10 rooms, very fine *. 250
24 rooms on Market st '... .. 850
14 r.oms. oiilr 250
28 rooms, on y 1,000
4 6 rooms; offer wanted ...................... 1.3." 0
SI rooms for exchange 1,40 <
24 ro ms, only. 650
10 rooms, on McAllister st '400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on t-u'.ter ». 350
7-room house, 0n1y... 250
18 roams, ne ir the Baldwin 60
li. c. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
DINING-ROOM, 30 BOARDERS;- FINE 1 O-
catlon 980
10 rooms, elegant: Sutler su; central 600
14 rooms, Van Ness: new: paying 650
UN JERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market St.
1 A ROOMS: NEW FURNITURE: RENT RE-
It duced; part cash. . 402 Geary St.
ffl.('AA LODGING-HOU->E Or 21 . ROOMS
»JpDv.M/. on one floor: always full: rent cheap:
good furnitoie. Call at 18y» Sacramento st.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OOtJ Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
"DETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS:
XV must close out stock in 30 days: brussels car-
pet, 4'JVjc yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat. ing, 7o
yard; btMroi-ni sets, 3 pieces. *9 60: 4-rooni fur-
niture outfit, 9i>&. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747
MarKet st . opp. Grant aye.
<St '2f\fi Fotl HALF INTEREST IN A M ANU-
«Jp OUU facturlug business. ' 328 Bush St., rm. 4.
1/URNITURE. SJOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
r ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market,
T J*.J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOX
lowest prices on household poods: new or goal
m new: cas i or on time: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, AtDSE..
etc. STREET* CRESWELL. Auctioneers, 927
Market st. rm.316. Houses bought- in theirentirety.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOX FURNt-
I lure and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAIU
XX by Indian -i Auction Co. 1067 Market. npp.Jdnei
CARPET CLEANING.
/CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. jIcQUEKN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK*:
J cleans, moves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
Si«r. 3a ana 40 J.lghth »t. ; telephone South 250.
\V HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatini; WtrUs, 353-57 Tehama su: tel. So. 4J.
.'LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Bth st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANI«U CO., 402
Xi. Sutler; lei. Main 394. GEO. WALI OM, prop.
TWATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alter-
J . atlon works. 409 McAllister, 'lei. Jessie 321.
/CARPETS CLKANED& RENOVATED LIKE
VJnew. 23 Tenth: tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
JE. MIICHKLL, CAUW.T-fLEAM.Nii CO..
. 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Ml*. 71.
KLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKj
\J 333 (iohlen Gate nve. Telephone Kast 1-6.
HORSES.
j/\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
IKJ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 sixth st.; auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— GOOD HORSE AND HARNESS
and butcher-cart; cheap. Cor. Many an and
Waller a 8.
Tj^Oß SALE CHEAP— YOUNG WORK AND
X business horses; aUo 10 nut.es. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia s:s. . ■ ■-;
HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbusiness 900 to 1 jO.j pounds. I O.d Turk-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mulw.
P.(U\ SET NKW ANDtECOND-HANiJ HAH-
; O\J\J. r.esi: nil kindj: tegey, wagon, carts, surra?
Arockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th. and ValencU.
VI? ANTF.D-A TROTTiNG-HORSE IS EX-
»w change on piano. r; HEINE, 136 E.lis st. .
I ARGE STABLE AND LOFT FjR RENT
J j cheap. Linden i»ve.. near Van Ness. • . . '.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
•\T»> W AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
X> ; dry and milk wagon: ' also fine top buggy and
rockaway. . b:8 Harrison st. ■ ,y.,- , ■
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN R. AITKKN AND M A ICE L. ASHER,
' attysatlaw, rms. 51 5,616, 5H 1 floor. Parro-.tb.dg
i I CHS E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFJCJfiS. KOU.Ui
O 26 : and 27, Crocker mUuui«; MN»yiiOiMt Hu4
%5, ban Francisco, t'al. - : .
« .. »\ -' --i ■--, -..-■„^. ■■:-.-..;-■■'-'■""■*"'.:. ■ ■ ■ ■'. .'■ * ~- . ■ '
BUSINESS - CHANCES. ,
©ft Z*f\(\ BOAROING-lIOUKE OF 64 MAO-
«^OOUU. nlflceiitly furnished rooms: is situ-
ated In most deslrabie locality nor h of Market >!•:
always tilled with cholc st, iro-u select and posi-
tively the bes: <la«s of 1 aying patrons: this house
could not be duplicated tor less than *9000: owner
retiring irom uu.siti- ss. will bear thorough lu'"Cp.^
gallon. A. S. LE>S, 1032 Market 81. .:.*" JSL
<E:9 r -:n PAR! NER WANTED IN. CORNKIr 1
tjTZiiJU. butchershop: north of .Markets .; i> '\ ia
and cart: "xpeiie.ee not titcessary. A. S. LESB«
1032 Market st. »
IC..CKEAM. CANDY "AND STATIONERY
J-" store, with 4 sunny living-rooms in Western
Addition: near large school; only store of its kind.
in vicinity; bears investigation. A. S. LESS, 1032
Market st. : "
%30H BRANMI BAKERY, CANDY AND
tfpO\J\J. notion store: in Western Addition;
eiesant fxtuie<; large stock: 4 livin .-room*: rent
$16 50. A. .-. LE-S, 1032 Market St.
©9k/) SALOON AND LUNCH HOUi-E:- 4,
tIP«Jc>V. livins-iooms; among shops and fac-
tories; cheap lent: sickness cause of sale. ~ A. H.
LESS, 103 1 Market st.
fflj7fjA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
.*SP I \J\J. north of Market St.; 4 living-rooms:
ren only 925: old established business: extensive
burtiade: other busln si causes sa'.e. A. S. LESS,
1032 -Market st. . „;;,"..
(Dj9(]A CIGAK-BTORK: CLOSE TO MAR-
ijpZ,\j\J. ketst.: good run of trade: very profit'
able business: a fine bargain; bears lnvestigat.on"
A. S. LESS, 1 J3'J MarKet SU
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURNt-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixture* and erocer/
stocks. STENBKRG. 632 MarKet; tel. main 1043.
dgr»/-jn RESTAURANT MEN. ATTENTION;
«JpDUU. to buy O.ie of the best-paring places:
receipts 945 daily: trial Given; fullest Investiga-
tion. Si r.NBERG * CO., 632 Market 81.
o*l ~\(\i\ BUTCHER-SHOP: KSTABLISIIKD
tJpllU''. 10 years: cuts 12 ca tie, 25 sheep. 8
hogs weekly: 3 hor cs, 4 was.'tis: rent, incuding
stable, only 940. STENBi RG. 632 Market s'.
Q>E.r\(\ BUTOHKR-SHOP; GOOD HORSE,
tD OUU. wagon, cash register: owner leaving
city. STENBEKG CO.. 632 Market st.
T EADING RESTAURANT AND OYsTKR-
XJ house; choicest location on Market St.: r-nt
only 9100; average dally receipts from J65t0970:
nrst-class patronage and elegantly furnlsneUj -
books open fur injpectlou. WILKr., 783 Market.
QlißflH BARROOM; FEW DOORS FROM
«Jr i OUU. Baldwin Hotel; doing large ay and
ni»lu business; loni? lease; owners keep 3 moire
lar^e establi^hmeuts In o.her parts of the city: I*
sarriflce; too much to attend to: actual vaJiA
9oOUO. See WILKK, 78.) Market st. * / j
G> r 7f\l\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
«IPJUU. north of Market St.; living-rooms; low
rent; full value of stock in sight; first-class cash
custom. WILKE. 783 Market b:. '
flJtQnn SALOON CLOSE TO BUSINESS
«IpGUU. center: rent $51'; greatest sa.rifict;
owner sick. WILKh, 783 Market sL
nnn OLD-ESTABLISHED BARROOM;
•TPIUUIf. eleeai,t:y fitted up; money-making
pl cc: June. ion of Market and Stockton sts. Full
particulars, WILKK, 783 Market st.
pORNER LiQUOR-sTORE; WITH I.ARGK
\J bar at.d fdin ly tade; on leading business
street; fitted up first c:as« and choice siock'<'<
wine* ar.d liquors:. »i ■'<• trance and clv brooms:
bargain. \\ iLKK. 783 MarKet st. , .
©ennn saloon; with Cj.ubrooms:
• )\J\J\'. 15 furnished rooms: doing a first-
clasi business: rent low; 1 block trom .Market st.;
only buyers need Inquire. WII.KE, 783 Market
DECKER'S BARGAINS, 1020 MARKET ST.
$100 — Barber-shop for sale.
9350 — Stationery-si ore for sale.
9150— Branch bakery for sate.
S6jO — Restaurant for sale.
84511— Coffee saloon for sale,
Candy-itore for sale.
$350 — Wood and coa! ynr.i.
JBoo— Grocery and i ar for fat*
9visOo— Bakery and restaurant.
$175— Cigar-store for sale.
9350— Meat market for sale.
9800 — Coffee amoon and restaurant,
$400— Saloon lor sale.
fOrm GRAND CHANCE FOR 2 MEN OR
isO\>\J. man and wire: restaurant and coffee
parlors: fine location on Market s .; busln. ss of
SHO per day: selling only on account of other
business. HEALY i CO., 917 Market st.
TO LET OR LEaSE— ACADEMY H ALL, COR,
Mission ani Mary sts., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Apply to L. ALTSCHUI. 320 Clay s:.
QjOjrrv SALOON; NORTH OF MARKET ST.:
*£JLO\J* business center; cheap rent: Kase: a
bargain. Inquire Call O:tice.
HALF INTEREST IN P VYING OFFICE
business: small cap. taL 18 M 0:1 gomery st.-
rooms 1, 2 and 3.
GOOD BARGAIN— It INTEREST IN A
salron; partner wants to go to Europe. in-
quire this office.
(JJjO- /-y ELITE CAFE, 23 F.DDY r>T.; MUsr
»3i^»jU. be sold to-day. Apply D. M. RAE, 827
Mission st. , • . ■--&;■%
"nOW.NTOW'N ROUTE ON MORNING PAPER. I
DOWNTOWN ROUTE ON MORNING PAPEK *
Apply 36 J Third st,, b't. 12 and 2 p. if.
\\r A N TED— PARTNKK WANTED IN SMALL
II restaurant. Apply this oilice.
FOR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING REST AU-
rant. 654 Mission st.
ON ACCOUNT (<F OTHER BUSINESS I WILL
sell whole or half interest in one of the best-
paying and oldest established saloon and :uiicU
houses in the city: e.eganl fixtures: parties look-
ing for business don't ml-s this. California su
QjO-/\ SOBER. STI-ADYAND RELIABLM
«POtJU. man as partn» in eeneral contracting
and manufacturing business; no previous knowl-
edge required; tasi y learned and very profitable.
R. T., box 1, Call Office. \
A NTED— MIDI LE-AGED MAN TO BL V
" or rent c gar stand connected wi:h an oyster-
house. SE. ( or. Twenty- fonrth and Fo'.som
SALOON, 92000 CASH— FOR SALE CHEaT?
fine corner; elegantly . fitted; Al iocatioa.
Address Saloon, box 4, call oili.e.
HALF OR WHOLE WINE AND LIQUOR
a. ire; cheap rent; good outside trade: small
capital. 820 Valencia st,
BURKE'.S ELEGANT LOON, TWENTY-
sixth and Valencia sts., for sale. Apply 1923
Market 8 .
TIT ANTKI'-MAN WITH $260 IN DELICa"
TT cies business. W. 8., box 15, Call < m c.
LOU SALE— HALK-I\TERKsT IN A GOOD-
X' paying saloon. Inquire Call Office.
|?OR SALE- GROCER KS AND BAR; NO
X opposition. Inquire at Call Office.
HALF- INTEREST HoRsE-SHOf ING SHOP,
hccount of sickness. '.t'29 Kddy St. ' '.
ALOON FuR SALK IMMEDIATELY ON
SALOON F.'R SALE I.MMEDIAIELY ON
account of s'ckne s: sK. cor. of Kearay and
California its. inquire 123 Prospect place.
■yOUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner. Boom .->, 9j<s Market, st.
OOD- PAYING BUSINESS FOR SALE
VJT cheap: downtown. 717 Mission st.
T." 1 I ELY FITT .-. D- U P SALOON, WITH 8
X I furnished room make almost the rent: bar-
tan; good reason fur selling. cor. Pacific nud
Battery sts.
PARTNER IN ESTABLISHED BUSINESS!
X must ba sober and energetic; references i X i
changed; small capi required. - 1041 ValencuJ
CORNER SALOON AND CiGAK- sTANIVT
coed location aDd good business; cheap. 616,
Oenry st. ■■
OLD-ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT;
cheap: good prices.. Apply 324 Larkln st.
glQEi 'i'- CIGAR AND STATIONARY STORE,
<X?UOy'. cieannc 91-5 monthly; good location;
rent, with l.viiig-rooms, $20. vaiu«?m siyht; trial
given thorough investigation solicited; no agents.
0.. box 70. Call Office.
fig ] rAH BUYS A PROFITABLE OUTBIDS
«Jp I uv'U business; eood opportunity for •. on nij,
active man with the above amuuni of cash. F. 8.,
box .6. Call.
rpu /.EN I— WINDSOR HOI EL, ST. HEL'-.N A
I for 3 or 5 years. Wri.e uiiU..UE W. FEE
St. Helena .
OKOSPKROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address -">., box 61, this office.
/IENTS' FURNISHING goods; must sell
VJ at once; a bargain for some one. Call after 1
p. m. at 38 sixth su w -
TATIONKRY- STORE: OLD. GOOD-PA YINQ
O place; nlc for woman 10 make a good living.
Inquire I all Office.
OR SALE— GOOD PAYING SALOON. KW,
cor. Spear and Howard.- . : . :
Y»U.\U WIDOW WANTS A .GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post si. -.
TOKE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
location tor business- '406 i- mirth su
4>F.k|/« MISSION — SUBSCKIITIONS A.MI
4i-OJL\J want ads taken tor Ihk Call. '
"I I\lU\ CARDS. 91 si>.' SHOW CARD*. ETC,
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary st;
ATE-iT CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST ijf"
vention. Apply tf23 Gulden Gate aye.
CITY i.OUTii FUit oALii APPLY THITT"
Office. f
VTKWSPAPER KOUTK Is INTERIOR CITY
J.l close to eau Fraucis.o. For particulars aDDI/
ibis office. ' - - .-■■-. - . * v
■" ', ,; : . . • ■ •-;.";-.. UOTELS. -— —
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208^21J BUBITIsT~
board and room $1 to < 2 per day, 56 to *lj
per week; ••■ choice rooms 60 cents to 91- • suits
looms lor family 91 10 si 60 per night; nrst-claas
i«rylc«j uee coach, CHAP.LK3 21ONTGOMKilKHOUSES .TO LET.
TTOUSE OF 11 ROOMS. 247 STEVENSON~ST~
XX bet. Third and Fourth; rent cheaD. '*
T7»REE FIRST MONTH: 6 ROOMS; BATH-
X room aud basement, $20. 1311 Rroderi-:k.
-- .>CLJSS*XY HOUSE; 10 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN
SB imirovements; cheap rant. 3622 Nlnteeuth st.
■VrOUSE TO. i,KT: 421 POWELL ST- RENT
XI cheap. Call at premise . '
OUSi-S TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLP
1 money »t BALDWIN & HOW ELL'S," 10
Montgomery st. • ■'-??- M "
<ftTQ 2-STORY FRAME. 4 ROOMS AND
mi basement; water fre • ; quiet and resp"Ct-
:t.. • i,borhool. 6selina place, «•« nortu side
(alifomlast.. below Stockton; ke • at 8.
"I 99:) BUSH -SUNNY HOUSE; 9 KOOMS-
-1 >-^V 7 yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant. '
|40 1731 BROADWAY, NEAK GOUGH-8
'. >*'• rooms: every convenlPncfl: marine view.
I'UEMSUED HOUSES.
LTi'.MMIK;) RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
-I for sale, or lease at a bargain; the owner will
sell or leave residence with 12 rooms partly fur-
111. hrd with about two acres of land bichly lm-
)'rovt-d, situate in East Oakland on electric road,
within ten minuieswalk from Tweuty-thir.:-streot
station: bioad caugo railroad: lent moderate and
C^r"' a 5 0l L übie - i' 01 ". further particulars apply i
MADIM)N ABURKK, 6-6 Markc>tal.
X COTTAGES TO LET.
pOTTaOE 381 ROOMS; YARD: BASE-
V. ment: sma 1 sainily. - 1230 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
4 It. NEW, Oil WILL SELL. $ .OCA-H; BAL,
T: $14 perm. THK MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
COMPLETELY FURNISHED COTTAGE OF 6
\J rooms nt-i.r Dv.-iaht-wny station; rent reason-
able to desirable parties, 2408 Fulton. Berkeley.
tjj KICK COTTAGE: 4 KOOMS; BATH;
0 ' *• sunny: yard; ceilar. Key 711 Treat aye.
ffl»»7 r/\ COTTAGE OF 3 sunny room**;
0 I .«J*'. yard, lot and shed; sewers: water
lree; 26 Bennin-ton s:., near Cortlana aye.; key
hi grocery. 8418 Mission st. EAsUON, EL-
DR. DG •■ & Co.. 638 Market Rt
FLATS TO LET;
' .v. 1/» NEW, 4 BIG ROOMS. BATH,. SUNNY ;
tP lU. appreciated if seen: water free. Apply
117. •_' Howard st., near Thirteenth.
/rp \ . • > NEW !-U <N V FLATS; 6 AND 7 ROOMS.
1 258 <. ; o den Hate aye., cor. Webster.
X" LEG ANT SUNNY FLAT. FURNISHED OR
Jp u.n.urnlshed; suitable d ctor; $16. .51 Fifth st.
1 1 no MCALLISTER— NX UPPER FLAT
-I 1 _ O of 7 rooms and bath ; $27 50.
9"! (' HICKORY AVK.— LOWER FLAT OF 4
— 11) rooms; sood yard: witter; rent $11.
IJiH nCTAVU, NEAR POST— SUNNY,
Ji- 1 bay-winaow; & rooms and bath: large
yard end teller.
])ARELY BEAUTIFUL. NW. COR. SUTTER
Xl mil I Scott sts.: 6 big rooms, $27 50: wa'.erfree;
. ) predated if seen. Apply opposite corner grocery
VEAKcn V HALL; SUNNY FLAT: SRUOMS;
-L\ bath; large cellar; sfiO. 147 Urove.
Q4»" C MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS; BATH; 1
• _ - t). or 2 imuiiies. 1128 Ho war I st.
"YEW UPPER, SUNNY. MODERN FLAT, OP.
-Li Jefferson Sq ; 5 rms, bath. 935 Gol<leu Gate.
PLAT TO LET OF 5 BOOMS AND BATH;
X -W". cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sts.;
rent moderate.
i 9 I (11 LAGUNA— 6-ROOM FLAT; LARGE
L ' •'-.» yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
No. 1221. "
TTMsTsT, CHEAPEST,' SUNNIEST MODERN
X Mission flu s. 332-8 Cumberland at.. nr.Church.-
PALAIS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN &HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery s'.
CIO LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE i
V, 1— • rooms, both, gas and yard. 392s Niue- ;
teenth St., bet. Noe and )-anchez: water lree.
O- TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 300 FLATS
C" to let cheap at SSPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
/•HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms. $8 to $16: see lli-tn. 523 sp ventn st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Ash Avenue.
1 rvr. ash aye.. OFF POLK -2 COMFORT-
-IUJ ably furnished housekeeping rooms.
Eddy Street. '. " .' r
L -1 h EDDY— FURNIsHED HOUS' KF.KPING
111*' rooms; single rooms, with gas, stovr, fold-
I ing-bed. . . ,
(11 r EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
'"1 i connecting rooms .for bousekei piny; gas
stove.
i-ili.s Street.
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO)-MOST DE=IR-
• >— — able housekeeping apartments in the city.
i mil street.
Qnn FIFTH-NEW HOUSE: COXNF.CTING
OUt/ rms.; bay-window; complete housekpln^.
01 A FIFTH-SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCH-
• ) Ii en: bath; sink; water; no children; pri-
vate: 88. .
O9P. FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED AND
') — O unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, $10:
8, $13; .single, $5.
1 01 50,., Street.
IQ7/1 FOLSOM— NICE bUNNY FURNISHED
■ ' i 4: rooms for housekeeping; single and double;
rent reasonable.
190 J FOLsOM - TWO HOUSEKEEPING
J —— 1 rooms; yard: cellar; $6.
I'm ion .street.
no' FULTON, CITY HALL— 2 SUN-
*.CI) ny furnished housekeeping rooms.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Q(\ Q GOLDEN GATE ALCOVE AND
CUO other rooms for Housekeeping.
Guerrero Street. - - >
Q9Q GUERRERO— NICELY FURNISHED
D~O sunny housekeeping rooms.
HMH Howard Street.
HOWARD— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
*)')') cfimpiete for housekeepiLg, *7.
0 \di\A HOWARD— 2 FRONT ROOMS L'OM-
XUUtt piete for boua -keeping;: gas: reasonable.
Larkin Street.
A9Q LARKIN— 3 NICELY FURNISHED
*i'jjti sunny front rooms; gas; grate; running
water, etc -•
Market Street.
* IAOQ MARKET— FRONT. ROOMS;
■ ' Z.O furnished or unfurnished: cheap rent.
j!^ 3iuson Streec. ' '
-I I 1 f\ MA.-ON, BET. CLAY AND WASHING-
X 11U ton— 2 sunny turn, rooms: bath; $12 50.
3iiiin:» Streo:.
■r'^r MINNA— 3 LARGE SUNNY UNKUR-
uji/ d shed rooms; quiet »nd central; rent rea-
sonable.
Sliaslon Street.
(JTjt f\ 821 MIS-lON-LARGE SUNNY
OJ.I/. suite, complete for housekeeping. .
JlonlgoincTy Street.
ROT MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
. tJZ. I until .»:»>' o'clock; branch office of Thji
C all; tufcscrlptions mid want ads taken.
>»ii>iii:i Str*)«i.
SUJTK OF HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms: rent *10 per month.
Oak Street.
' O a BAY-WINDOW ROOM ; FIRST FLOOK;
«JpO. furnished for houseke-ping.- 48 Oak st.
r a OAK— UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O"I houseicueping: new house; bath.
• ' i o.k Street..
1 CAI POLK— 2 LARGE NICELY FURNISH-
JDiO ed sunny front rooms for . housekeeping;
rent $16. " ■ - -
Seventh Street. .
1 aC% SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
J.T^kltcnens;al»o single rooms; newly renovated
————— —
Turk - Street.
i m TURK— FLOOR OF 4 BEAUTIFUL
-M -1 rooms and alcove; tunning water; closet,
• Irate, bath.
. lUira srree:. . . .
1 f\P.l THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
J.UD2 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable. .
11,, THIRD— 2 LARGK bUNNY FRONT
1 X•/ rooms, lurnlsbed for housekeeping; rent
cheap- .\ • . ' --' : ' ■
00 a THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOU-E-
-•jO"3 keep.nc rooms; water free: good accom-
modations; $6. ■ ' ■ ;•
KOOMS TO LET.
. ' liUhlv SStrae.. •
797 BUSH— PLEA« ANT SUNNY ROOMS;
• A * suite; single; light housekeeping privileges.
Eddy Street. '
Al 9 EDDY— NICE SUNNY ROOM FOR 2,
rzlZi with board: 18 apiece per month.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN AI'ARTMKNT HOUSE. 7R RTH
0 St.. near Market! turnlshßi and unfurnished.
QOlKlOlirli-A NEATLY FURNISHED
O— 3 front room for lor 2 gentlemen with gas
an l bath: cheap.
felUa Street.
KOYAIi HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
cent liguts: readinc-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor: per night. 35c to $1 50; week, ?2 to
$8: mouth, JBto«bO: elevator; hot.cold water baths.
| rrHK KAMOXA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot «fc cold water.
Or-EDALE, 321 ELLIS-SINGLE ROOMS
- 25c; double rooms 50c night; transient.
'Qr ELLIS, NEAR HYDE— NICELY FUR-
Ot*«) nished front rooms; bath; rent cheap.
1 mil street.
mHF, COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
J hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 7&c and *1 per night: $2 to 85 per week.
4OQt FIF I H-2 ROOM- COMPLETELY
~.0-2 iiisht : dforhousekeeDg; water in kitchen.
I'illmore Street.
nni .4 1 FILLMORE-LA RGE FRONT PAR-
L^t-4 lor and front bedroom; sunny ; unfur-
n ished. ' ,
Geary Street.-
-1 no GEARY - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
lUt) sunny room*; en suite or single; offices.
(Ii'MAKT, OPP. UNION SQUARE-UN-
—1 0 furnished rooun; ket at 217 Geary su
Golden Gate Avenue.
OPQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY FUR-
ZOO nished or unfurnished single or double
rooms; private family.
Haight Street.
OOfl HAIGHT-SUNNY FURNISHED AL-
«_ —' ' cove rooms with piano and kitchen.
Howard Street.
! ,i An HOWARD— 2 bUNNY CONNECTING
; I 14- rooms; range; also front rooms; rent
I $10 to $12. _^____
t)one« Street. .
iiA JONES — ELEGANT FRONT ROOM,
-TJ.U newly furnished; suitable 2 or 3 gentlemen.
', • Kearny Street.
4 RLTNQTON HOUsB. 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
; - r Mar ket Street.
V*osEvrrß HOUSE. 1045 market— per
X night, $35 to $1: week, $1 60 to ss: families.
iA,.' MARKET, OPP. JONES— BAY-
-1 UOO winaow rooms quiet, respectable; cheap,
>i.t»iiii Street. -
m MASON — PARLORS OCCUPIED BY
IX — • dressmaker for years: suitable for doctor.
QOC MASON—NICK FRONT SUNNY ROOM
O— U in private family; bath:;rent reasonable.
1 1 Q MASON. OPP. NATIVE SONS' HALL-
*i 1 O Nicwly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
McAllister Street.
f»oQ MCALLISTER— nice large FUR-
O~V nished front room; with closet.
J.iana .-tree..
nnrr MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO I ctshed bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
- OUstiion .street,
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
|
Oak Street.
" -I Oa OAK-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
01 room, suitable lor gentleman, $4; with
breakfast, $>>.
1 oik Street.
j Q1 O POIK-NKWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
j "ID front alcove room: running water; private
; family.
2 cm Mreei.
OOQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, 'ETC; OVERLOOK* PLAZA:
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
ANDOLPH HOUSE, 501 POSI— CHANGED !
bands; 50 bay - window parlors; smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates; $1 50 to $4.
1 owetl Street.
i 19Q PUWELL — NICELY FURNISHED
• IZO single rooms. $8 t.i $12, $16 to $20.
Bausch Street.
QQ RAUSCH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
OU large front room, with German family: $5.
Sacramento Street.
1 A 1 A SACRAMENTO-SUNNY FURNISH-
I^tITied room; desirable locality; private
family.
Mith . Street.
QQ PIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEMANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
Stevenson Street.
7QQI STEVENSON— SUNNY LIGHT COM-
I t)O2 fonablo rooms; no cars to disturb at
night; rent $4 up.
Satter Street.
Ai.n PUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
7-.D and newly furnished light sunny parlors for
offices; bath; reasonable: also utner rooms; appre-
ciated if seen by doctor or dentlg.
Tenth Street.
1 9*: TENTH — LAKGK SUNNY FRONT
J — O room: closet; gas and bath; cheap.
Third Street.
■ 7 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — NICELY FUR-
X I nUbed rooms; tourists a specialty; transient.
\ , Miscellaneous. ... ..
SW. COR. "SIXTEEN 111 MT., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tux Call, (subscriptions and
want ads tnki-n.
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
ALEXANDRIA, 781 : SUTTER— ELEGANT
xx;suiteß and single rooms; with or without board.
Q(\Q VAX NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OV/O nished tunny rooms, with board.
"I "j Q LEAVKNWORTH— GOOD BOARD AND
X it/ room for 2; private fam ly, $4 ue*.'k.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 Bi «H-A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
■i\- WEEKLY CALL. In (vraoner. for mailing;
t tUILDKE.N BOAKDKO.
A MOTHER'S PERSONAL CAKE: 1 MONTH
old up: sunny rooms: wholesome food- low
rates. Addre* l». E., b x 62, (all.
: "STORES TO LET.
TO LET— CIGAR-STORE, BOOT BLACK-
stand and advertising space, at 1179 Markets*.
HEAP; 16-0 EDDY ST., CORNER: STORE,
•living-rooms, with stable. ■
A 1 if FOLKTH-SM ALL STORK WITH ROOM"
ttXD In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UiIBSKN
& Civ. 14 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LEI.
i)<T\r- Pa.WKLL.COK. GEARY-FURNISHED
J---\J parlor suite of 3 rooms; suitable for aoctor.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— l>eslrab c offices, with gas, janitor mid
elevator. BOVE.K, TOY <t CO.. Mi -Niontgomiry.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPKC-
ialty ; private; no fee without success; prolate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st, corner Stockton su
A DVICJS FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
J\. cessful. W. W. DAVIDoON, 927 Market st.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• tele building; advice free: low fees: all coses.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
J\. cessful. J. O. JEITKKttS, 632 Market, rm,*&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1897.
PERSONALS.
IF THE PARTIES WHO WERE ON SUTTER-
strect cable-car on January 4 wln-ii a one-armed
gentleman wrs kno.-ki-d down by the • ar will
kindly, send their addresses to T, box 55, Cull
Office, they will confer a great favor.
mo ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN— I HERE-
Xby retract any statements made by m* to any
person derogatory to the character of Mils.
TABKA ADaM, Wife 01 ROBERT ADAM.
KAROLINA HUBEIt, 2621 Nineteenth St. •
OU.VU MAN, 25 YEA OF AGE. WOULD ,
X like to i: eet cood, respectable *lr:, M>tween 23
and 25. Address K. X, box 95, Call Office.
NY INFORMATION REGAR 'ING THE
whereaDoats of KATE SMITH or FKON-
I'EKONltv thankfully ; c eived by ALBr.KT
FRONDERONUA. 216 Miuna st., San Francisco;
ran j- in New York withn to know whether she
is dead or alive.
UHEUMATISM
XL Makes you lame: will soon confine you to the
house unless yon go at once to uK SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS: the most en.l-
-nent physicians in Europe and erica recom-
mandlhesb hot baths. 1533 Buchanan st.
JOHN L. SULLIVAN SAYS: ,■ t\ ■
I was suffering from a badly bruised and
sprained hand. VITA OIL gave 1110 immediate
relief, aDd at m -next engagement I had two good
sparring bands. $1 bottle. 6f0r55. 1533 Buchanan.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonab c: 10 years' experience: all matters
confidential. G. K. WEBsTKR, 102? Market, rm 6.
\VALL PAPER AT COST; PAINTING,
'» pa er-hauci>ig and interior decorations our
specialty by the best workmen Only. "MEKI-
GAN." 1302 Webster st.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
lalty: private: no fee without success;- pro-
bate, insolvency. wills, . collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc : private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-law. 850 Market, cor.Stocktn
GOOD, CONSCIENTIOUS WOKK COUNTS
T every time. My strictly first-class • 25-cent
bairdresslni; is becoming appreciated more and
more every day. Have got some new switch
best quality; selling fast from $1 to $2. G.
LEDtKf.R, ill StocKlonst-
M.ME. ROLLABfD, TEACHER OF FRENCH
language, located 223 Post St., room 1. I
OMB TO ME FOR THE VERY BEST IN
the line of switches; have just received a new
line, first quality; gray swltcoes. the very be it,
$2: switches, all colors, from $1 to $2; hairdress-
ing, 25c: I can restore sray or bleached hair to
natural co'or with periectlv harmless preparation.
G. LKDEREK. 111 Stockton st. .
MISS ALLFN, CORNS, INGROWING NAILS;
now method. 620 Market st. (opp. Palace
Hotel), room 20.
MISS OLLIE LAKE. CARD RKADER AND
magnelist. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Suiter. /
DO YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM OR.
dyspepsia and want to be cured? iniormatlon
sent tree. DR. CUMMI.NGS, 303 Third st.
AG.MSCOPE — NEW I KOJECTINU . MA-
cblne; us s the kinetoscope ii ms; price re-
duced. $150- BaCIG ALL PI, 946 Market st.
• <£• I? A DOZKN— FINE CABINi-lo Al 1 Wi^-
<JpX SON'S Gallery. 102S Market.
IJIG OUTDOOR STERkOPTICON SHOW EVE-
I) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
HHUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. b23(JOldenOate uv. Tel. , sutler *71.
SSTROZYNSKI. 24|GEARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers. • ■, ;
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRY 1
C. BABIN, 4i3 Kearny st. : -
PAINTING, WHITENING. PAPERING;
X lowest estimates -.best work guarante-d; wall pa-
per Scroll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY UITHG. LEO-
erer) has opened a stylish hatrdreuing parlor;
latest ft is; price 26c 124 Vii O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
C 97 MONTGOMKkY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
i)_< tiiHKi'AU; want ads nud auDscrlptlona
taken. H- ; ; <-. v .
]>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine St.; Illustrations turiilshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc, -
•DUPTUKE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DRS. HAS*
FIELD A POKTKKfIELD. 838 Market st.
Ll-.CTRIC LIGHI'S IN- KVKRY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third sL, nr. Market;
!tOO rooms, 250 to $1 60 per night: $1 BO to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HLOAKS, FUKSA.NJ) bUITS RETAILED Al
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansoma st. . /
. vVEcKJS NEW 3 FOR 3 CENTS— TIIiS
-r\ WKEKLY CALL, la wrauoer. for mailing. .'
CLAIRVOYANTS. :
DON'T BE A CHEAP --PORT. . •
Consult the mtdiumlstlc marvel of the cen-
tury on the result of the great prizefight: guaran-
tee of correct' tips: picks 4 winders every day at
the track: domest c difficulties, intricate financial
m?tlers, love affairs, specially "Napoleonic"
charms magnetize my revealed meiicims cure
all diseases. MISS VAN DJi VEKJS parlor 1,
1 Fifth st. ■;.'.;:
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by egg* and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; .consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. , 929 Post St.. nr l.arklu.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, PLANET READER,
lest mdlum: readings daily, 2 to 8 p. It; 25c
up. 1147 Mission st. ,
pRACE TEISEN. CARD- READER, FROM
Vjr Denver. just returned. Address 120 a Eddy
St., parlor 2.
ETHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
J-J reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st, between
beventh and Eighth.
MME. LEGUETTE, CLAIRVOYANT: BUSl-
ness a! vice; friendship res ored; one price,
25c. 811 Tehama St., near Fourth.
G\PSY LIFE- KEADER, 3 SKVENH ST.;
VJT ladies 25c, gents 50c: all questions answered.
MISS PEARL, PALMIST; MaGNETIST: RE-
xYX moved irom 223 Post to lMy Geary, rm. 2.
MMX MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
IVX medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 26c up.s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WKLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut, 51 Fifth st. ; water readings a specialty.
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND BEST ME-
\J dium; 25c; one price. 41 Minna st., basement.
ME. WALTERS OK TEHAMA ST.; CARDS;
ladies 25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
MRS. MAYO .VTEKRS, 112y 3 OAK; CIKCLE
Tuesday, Bp. * Thurs.", ap. M. ; readings $1.
MME. HA NBEN, PALMIST. CARD-READKR;
- past, present and future: 23c. . 148 sixth, r.5.
ME. SYBILLK TELLS FKOM CIUDLIi TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 25c: 914 O'FarrtlL
NOW THY FUTURE; V CARDS HEAD
truthfully. 419 Geary st., room 22.
MRS. DR. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNET-
-Ist. 1031 Market st., room 6. * ■
ISS IN A COHEN. PARISIAN CARD-
readerand rnagneti.st. R. 12. 109 Grant aye. -
SPIRITUALISM. V \\'
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDl-
urn; lite readings, love affairs, business in vest-
ments, mining speculations a speciality. 838 Mission
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS.,
Wed. and Frl.. 2 p. m.: 10s; trance dr., Mon. &
Fri. eve., 2.'.c; sittings dally. 326 McAllister st.
EA Ll'.'S GRAND SLATE - WRITING
seance, Me ropolitan Temple, Sunday night;
seats. 330 Ellis st. ■-
EST MEETING 8 P. M. : 1 Oc: KTITT, CLEM-
X ens and others; skeptics invited. 335 Me-
Al Us. erst. . -. . ' . .■ . .;':>;i; r 'i'
LARKIN, 8 P. M.-MRS. LILLIE AND
other good talent.
MRS. FULTON— MATERIALIZING &JANCE
iO-night; $50c: sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
r\ RAND TEST CIRCLE EVERY WED. EVNG
VJT by Mrs. C. Corue.lus, 8 Mason ;sl;tings dally.
RS. LEWS, WRIIING MEDIUM AND
clairvoyant; hours. 12 to 5. j 419 Third st. -■
DKOr'KBSOR FRKD EVANS, THE NOTED
X slate-writer, Is located at 1242 McAllister st.
MRtt. H. A. GRIFFIN— CiH. S.U* EVK.; 25c:
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs dally. 42Hy Grove
Am. >'haNi!ls, independent SL.vTE
.writer. 118 Halcht su; hours 9 until 6p. m.
KB. 7. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test n edium A lite reader. '-'18 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM. CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: also taught. Hypnotic lnst.. 6 U'Farrell.
...' .-/.: 'physicians. •:. .. ■ ■■.-..
PRIVATE ME I ICAL AND SURGICAL OF-
X lice for the cure of weak men, lost in an Quod,
night losses, varlcocele. etc.; also for it-male com-
plain:*, blood and skin 'diseases and diseases of
the llv«*r, stomach, kidneys. Pcrffctcnres guaran-
teed. Call upon or write to DX. COOK, 865 Market.
T»R-C. C. O'DONNELL, 1 1206 MAKKUT, RES,
XJ 2804 25tb st. ; diseases at women aspecialtjr.
\ . EDUCATION AI. : „
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
JU and School of Instruction - (Incorporated);
TICAI- and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods In assaying, analysis, j
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell «t. : elevator.
AS( HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
.iA. Elocution,* 1216 Octavla" St., -an Francisco.
Ml!-S KLIZA MACKINTOSH, fupll Of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. k, Saturday a. m.
URSIVK SHORTHAND. ISTHKKASIK-T,
\J best and cheapest: Vowels aud consonants
Joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitman Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded; first-class references. KO3-
COE EAMES. room 70, Flood building.
TTEALD'B BUSINESS COLLKG B, .24 POST-
II Bookkeeping, business practloa. shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 'M teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
4 YRES' THB LEADING COLLEGE, 32»
J\. Monteomerr - St.: individual inßtructloa in
thorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta
Die scholarship $50: . low rates uer week and mo.
DTAMMBhIKG,. LISPINU. ALL IMPERFEO
O lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
in*, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PKOF. R. X DAVIS. 1508 Market
■pELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theutriruls arranged ; pupils ri-hearscd
on stage. R. & and 12, 1.0.0. E. block, 7th and Mkt
LEO COOPER, SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, rantomlme and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music 814 Geary St., •
NOINEBRING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
Xj civil, iiiintne, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN PER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
STIEHL's" SHORTHAND AND BUSINKSS
O College. 723 Market St.; students trained; office
situations secured-, lowest rated or credit for tuition
OPANISH AND GERMAN THOROUGHLY
0 tatißht; lessons 26c ROBERTO HAUN.3O9
Sutter st. . •
INGTNG-ALSO PIANO & VAMPING: NEW
Italian method: 8 lessons. $4. 417 Mason at.
ZITHER LESSONS GIVE • BY MAX MAI
CJk 626 lurk st., bet. Larkiu and Polk. .
FKOF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary.ur.PowelL
BOOKKPNG. WKITNG. ARiTHMTC. GRAMR.
X) day, <fc night; nociaisen; $5 month. tj4s Mission.
INOING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 'laylor.
UITAK. MANDOLIN, I'iAN'u AND VoCa«
vX if Bsonv $3 ma Wary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THK
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes si.;
open until »:30 o'Cli.clc
MEDICAL.
NEW - PROCESS— GREAT PROGRESS IN
lA medical science; acknowledged by a.l medi-
cal faculties: no medicine, instruments or worth-
less tills used; very woman her own physician;
all female troubles confidently and ilscreetly
treated, no matter what cause; can be sent and
used at home; restores always in one or two days;
all cases guaianteed: travelers helped without fail;
the genuine New Process, can be bad only at my
offi; c: any other p oces-i an imitation and worth-
less, as it . is my own invention, advertised by me
for 25 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny si.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief foe
travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; -my celebrated remedies for- monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed '.con-
sultation fne, conflden lal: hour.* 10 to 6; plllssL
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St, near Larkin.
K. J. H. jo>selyn, the GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his va uab.e services to ih« un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured ft id eurlcned by.
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c re Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience.: No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
cafe In their eff -cm. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
over 50 years of practice enab him to warrant
a cure In all cases. .Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
___^ ______ _ _ —
A. PKOOKBS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
' less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
Bens, no motter what cause; no elec rlcity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physlciaus, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. Hlbernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8: p. if. , *
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TORK-
storc every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and . others have I failed; Ino Instruments used:
many years' experience; every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULETS FRENCH CAPSULES - A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
sea (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
cure; no aang-r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: pric« $1 60 per box:
t»n t free by malt on receipt *>t price. WALLb.It
BROS., 39 Grant aye. . •* , *. '
DR. AND MBS. WHGENER.. 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and during confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills 52.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S Y-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable": take no other. send 4c., stamps, for particu-
lar*, "Relief tor Ladles," In letter by return mall;
at druggist's- Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
MRS. UOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or tar; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients: best skill,
tree diagnosis; low fees;, self-cure.- 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
J\. dies with female troubles; no dancer- safe and
sure: $2 60excre»s C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;Cal.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONK DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for *1 ; call or write. 1029 1/ M rketst.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, s*-an Francisco, Cal.
* ISURK CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
ii. eases from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement wit every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tun at.
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <tCO.,druggists, 406 Clay su.sole agts,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dli. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 MaricM st: his 80 year*
■uccessful practice is a guarantee ot fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. .
A LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
■t%- ease-* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st. ; consultation free.
UNSURPASSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles. diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ,2S4^4th.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.ighth St., Alameda.
-l^R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKA.H
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
FOR BAI.E-MISCKI-I.ANEOUS.
THOROUGHBRED ENGLISH PU<l PUPS. 14
X Marey terrace, bet. Turk and Larkin sts. ,
1 fid SHARES OF CYPRESS LAWN C KM E.
JLUU te y stock. -. R. A., box 139, Call Office, ,
Concord stage: fir-*t-cl ass CONDI-
\J tlon ; cheap. Address 627 Green at.
r>ETALUMA INCUBATOR: NEARLY NEW;
X capacity 280 eggs. 1141 silver aye. ■ :.
r'OK SALE — SMITH PREMIER TVPE-
x writer nearly new and cabinet desk; also line
Parisian music-box, $200; cost $600. 41 Third st.
A FINE BLACK ■ SUIT, $2 50. MISFIT
jA. CLOTHING Parlors, 613 Moutg'y, cor. Com'l.
1 DOZEN EXTRA CHOICE BitOWN LEG-
a horn layinj; pullets. '09 Ash bury si.
m. ICi DOMES TIC SEWING MACHINE; IN
(]j)iO. good order. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
pKEAT ' DANK PUPS; THOROUGHBRED.
VI 810 Elizabeth St.. W. of Castro. '
OMKStTc SEWING MACHINE; SIX
drawers; $30. 2408 Vs • Sacrameuio st, rear,
downstairs. . . i .*" •; -' : •:; ." : - ' •/ '■■
AND LAUNDKY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-band tools, supp les, etc 766 Bryant
FULTON., IRON WORKS ENGINE; 60-
-horsepower. WHITE, 516 Mission st. ; •■;, ■;
Otl-KK MILL. SCALES*. LETTER PRESS,
VJ stand desK, money till; safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
|jUILER-S,KNOI.NES,i:D-HANDMAC«INEKY
J J water-pipes.*: Mcintosa it Wolpman. 137 Beale. ,
PARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
I' log, etc, bought and sold. 1068 Mission, nr. 7th.
Al GE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bunk safJ.-cbea.i. 8 Mission 5t. ... k': :
, ARS. BACK. BARS. -MIRRORS. SHOW-
i •>. cases, 1 , counters, linoleum, olHce- furniture,
store and office * furniture , and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. M <>NA.>, 1017-1019-10-'l-102J
Mission si-, above Sixth. ,i\\-;^ :i \ ... ;. :*. .•;. .
EW ELM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
W. RAY MFG. CO, 13 California at;;; v , >:'
ri-"«K' SMALL 'rMK'DIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
\J tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111' Market m.
- '' ' CITT REAt '^ESTATE.
- - ■ -- - ■ ■■
j 3ZZZ"
©OfkA Rare opportunity to buy a
«JP«JWU. borne cheap: consisting of a house of 2
flats," 6 rooms and bath; each f r $2 lt 0 - rents for
$30 per mourn, and can be paid off In Insta lme:i.B
with the rent: • a t side of Palmer street, near
Twenty-ninth st.; electiiccar. ■*:■■,
J. BROWNBTONE, 4. V.
11 Montgomery st.
7 Money to loan on city property. ■ ■
f
©7Cfjr\ PaYS 10 pkr CKNT nftmn-
«Jpl«J>"l_/. ve-tmen^ near 6111 and M gson st. ;
lot 40 feet front; income $7- a month: a snap.
O. W. ARMBRU.-TER, 24 Montgomery St.
pHEAP HtSEAT :-^r--:
\J -■••■ NORTH BEACH.
$1200 only; 2-story house of 5 rooms, so rear
house of 2 rooms: rent $10; c ise to Pac.flc aud
Mason. BALDWIN <£ HOWE L,
10 Montgomery st.
SACRIFICE: BW. COR. IWKNTIETH ST.
and Treat aye., 25x110: grand park lots,'
sunny side Page. 57:6 from corner West Shrader,
60x100. Owner v Herb Institute. 1205 Market st.
CC. BEMIS, .
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
' ' 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
\ FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road. 1
8450— Snn Carlo* Villa lot; JOOxIGO feet. .
I $6700—50x127 -.6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x137 :tt'ieet; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer.
J Bsoo— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. *
Bargain— cor. Fifth ay. and 0 St.: 109x95 ft.
FOR SALE— IMPROVED BUSINESS PROP-
erty. Apply 030 Central «vc., near Hayes st.
ONLY 1 LErT— NEW HoUsES, JUST COM-
pleted; sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be bitu-
mlnlzed. Apply on premises. : " ■
MOKKY TO LOAN
A. LOANS ON. FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F. , Oakland or Alameda/at lowest rates;
without removal: :no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 ikluslousu, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. ' ■
A LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND-,
• jewelry, sealskins and silverware; interest
low. Cut-Rate Loan Office, 7 Flood building, 80a
Market st - •> ■• ■>■: -i'f.fj'y-
Qt f -lf\(\ Ann AT 61 ? ER CENT ON CITY
<JpOUv/.1/Ul' real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
halt Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
HIGHLY KK-Pi-.CTABLK AND , PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tbe very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market. : !:^\
ANY AMOUNT; IST. 2D:OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided inu-rests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
dgOOC. 'linn Ai BANK RATES. IST AN 0
tJpOZiO. UUU ad mortgages, estate*, rents, eta:
lend as low as $50. H. M UR PHY, 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. 6CRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS ON REALESTATK: I.OWKST RAPE
of interest. JaS. B. 8R00K5.214 Pine, r 5B-59.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS: NO RE-
moval; low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal; very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security, interest low. Add. J. W., box 45, CalL
MONEY TO LOAN ON HEAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
<J» = n 'XO $60, 000 ; LO VV ha i KATE: I!>T * ZL>
«Jp O\J mortgage; flat or lnstlmnt. Dryden, 635 CaL
4 DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWtI.RY.I'.TC
J\ Columbia Loan «ft < bilateral Office. » >.rant aye.
JTINANCIAL. '
m.l o Af\A FROM PRIVATE PARTIES AT
tIPJ^.UUU 6V3 percent: only principals. Ad-
dress T. D.. box 5», Call oflice.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS. '
TTIINE WKBEE PIANO, $250; AN ELEGANT
-T Uardmau and several other sightly used
pianos at special bargains this week; a line sym-
phony at low price; excellent organ, $50. THE
J. DEWING CO., second floor, Flood building, |
Fourth and Market sts. •
» BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
iV. house west of Chicago Is KUHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 u'Farrell s .; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical . instrument*, 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . .-. -■ u-.'.V-
-\ CTU..LLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
A anos; mumhly payments from -.5 up: deliv-
ered free with siojl and cover: correspondencu
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. : Mason; eHtao
l.shed over 20 years. .
ONA FIDE RK DICTION IN PRICES—
' II ami's. Knabe, Bush iV Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 i'O3t.
WHY PAY RENi' FOR A. PIANO WHEN
the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CCS.
* T LESS THAN COST: ENTIKE EMPORIUM
A music dept.; Shaw, Chick $-/35: Bohmer,
$245;Steinway,$195:S3upiiolnt. Heine, 136 Mils.
A DMINIBI BATOR'S SALK — MUST bKLU
J\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or 0:1
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market. .
fTIHE BEST PIANOS OK EVERY GRADE,
X from bteinway down, cau be found at bHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'& - ■",;
m» V fr/y PIANO FOR SALE; DECKER
iuli. Bros.' upright: cost $500. Apply 835
Pine st. ;. .
CT. I % HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
<Jp i.£\J. cover; $5 installmts. 221 Leaven worth.
PIANO FOR SALE; CHEAP. INQUIRE AT
saloon, 504 Broadway.
AN ELEGANT WEBER SACRIFICED THIS
week. j 809. Market St., room 12.
ffIfTTK NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL, SOAR*;
fJJJL •O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S, 22B Post.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY' FOR THE
X> next 5 days at MADVAIS', 769 Market st. : ~
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a tine new piano. SUEU-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Mutter fits.-",; < .
BARGAIN. FINE LARGE OPRIGHT.CHEAP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister.next Hibernia Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos. . '
HORN UNO'S PI A NO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st. '■
WG. BADGEII.SUi-E FORHALLET
if j . A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 saeta
I ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
on very easy payments. ■
BYItON MALZY. 308 PuST. ST.— SOHMEK,
New by <£ Evans, Briggs and other pianos.;
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 i.a 1 liam piac*.
". . ...: • - DENTISTS. ;
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 8
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, llgu test, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars: till ings. 60c; crowns, $3 JO, .
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
VV ket, bet. 3d and 4tli; gas <-Bpecialists; painless
extract ng, with gas, $1: plates, $5 up: till, $1 up.
m» 7 FULL SET TEETH: BE>>T MAKE;
up I . kept In repair: extracting free; filllnKS.SOc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. 3. LEEK, 1126 MARKET b!.; OPEN
evenings;: Sundays till noon. . . - ;
POSITIVELY PA IN l-ES-i EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 500Sutter cor. Powell: tel.mains37s
COLTUN l)K.\'l'AL A6.SOCIA O.N . bOb -lAit-
ket st. DR. CHARLE- W. DE C KKIL ' ,y~
Qtrr A SET FOR Tt-.ISTH — WARRANTED A.A
$) I good as can be made; filling $1 ' DR sIMSI^
dentist, 930 Market si., next Baldwin Theater. ..■
PAINLESS " AC i'lON, \ . 60c: CROWS
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyearjr
experience. R.L., WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
I\K LUDLUM HiLi. 1443 MARKET ST,NR.
U Eleventh; no cbarce ■ for . extracting when
plates are made: ' old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given,
oKi or' TKKi UVVITiiUU I'/ArU'i* utL.
k5 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk s:.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 'TriK OKN UINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction'
and patentee of . Improved bridge . work or > teetb
without any plate, moved from 6 to iO a i unellt;.
H. WORK UKASONABLK AND WA_Kv
ranted. DR. J. W. fCKY. 1820 Market at.
'/. ' STORAGE. *i v
"DEDUCKD RATES, FURNITU HE,*, PIANOS.,
It household too is, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Mku
COUNTRY ■ REAL ESTATE. '\
FOR $6000— HOTEL, IN THRIVING COUN-
try ; town; complet< ly furnished: doing an
average net bnslne.-.s of $100 per mouth; terms Of
payment, i/3 down, balance in annual payments. .. -
A FORCED SALE— I 6 ACHES ONLY 3 MILES
from .-an Jose;' fine level land choice for fruit
or vegetables; cost pr-sent owner $1700, but is
forced to se 1; price *950. .
KDWIn K. ALSIP&CO., 29 second floor. Mills
building. ■
pHOICE FKUIT LANDS. HAY, GRAIN AND
\J vegetables. *25: wi.h (lowing springs. JB5 per
acre: Pleasaulon, Alamedu Co. 11. J DIGGI.ES.
6P Columbian building, Market St., San Francisco.
SEND iORILLUSTUATED PAMPHLET <>F
California land 1 * for ■ sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle bu Idin?. !-an Francisco, CaL
AT HAL!-' PRICE, VINEYARD IN A LA-
meda County; .7 years oid: in tracts of 6
acres up;, sold by order of court to settle estate;
part i-itiii: Immediate pioflt: tullest Investigation
Invited. Administrator, box 13&
GOOD LAND: 53 TO $40 AN ACRE. M. M.
( ottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
m-Z AN ACKE; 1-.80 ACRKo TJMBER; GOOD
vlrO f.it stock or f. uit; plenty water. S., box 40.
lITII.K . HDJIICS ,CLOSK*'IO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on, S and 1? years' credit. D, H. TWING. So-
noma City:' every Monday at 632 Market »t.; S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
•OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TTOMES in OAKLAND. ..;; ._
c&qc^ry elf;gani' . new -house; 8
fjp«ji O". rooms: .fine location: large lot, 60x
140; would cost $500J to duplicate; easy teims.
Ok 9^oo NEW TWO-STORY 1 HOUSE: 7
iir^UUU. rooms; worth $3500; $250 or $500
cash. •«. .i .-;■■.•■ v- , : • ■ \■ ■ .. •
ffi» I PL-^O MODERN BAY-WINDOW 6-ROOM
*iT! • kJO\j . cottage near station; good neighbor-
hood; mortgage oi $1150 can remain. -
sitiO "»nn ELEGANT place at CLA RE-
<F-LU.UUU. Mont: cost $23,000; 5 acres:
finest grounds around Oaklund: owner a ton-resi-
dent; will sell or exchange.
<K£?nnn sightly fruit PLACE AT
(JfCUUi;. Haywai-js; will exebanje.
c>9nnn PRETTY, modern. we'li,built
<\pZ.\J*'\J. .ottage: large lot: cos . $3000: can
borrow. $1500 lor purchaser seller wxntscush.
' -:• .'"■'■ : . "'.-'•'. ' ' WILLIAM J. I.IAGr.E.
,*:.-'■ :\ r '_" 4tO Eighth St.. Oakland.
ANTED— PLACK IX ELMHUK.ST l.\ i.X-
-»f change for very larire lot and modern 5 room
cottauo ii Xorin; price $2250: no . mortgage. - Ap-
ply immediate yto A. J. &NYDEK & Co., 467
Ninth st., i akland. ■■■'} -f ,:---
fljj'7' TO $15U- FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«Jp * O lots in the town of f'iicbburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaud, on the Hay ward i
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; term* to bull buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK owner. bISVi Washington si..
Oiikland i°al.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENfS
A T^AMKTI V KiiAL FSTATT.
BARGAINS— ALAMEDA.
$1 610— House of 5 rooms.
. $1800— of 5 rooms.
', $1600— House of 7 rooms. . ,
8477,0— House of 10 rooms; lot 70x141.
- JBsoo— House of 111 rooms; lot 60x157.
$5000 — House of 8 rooms; lot 60x . 50.
$-'750— House of 6 rooms; lot 4Ux150.
$750— Lot 40xlb8: S7oo— lot 40x138.
. !(6i'O— Lot 35x13«;5550 1— 50x^07:0. -
Versailles aye. ; lot 67x141. ... .
$1600-San Jose aye.; lot 60x150.
650— Clinton aye.: lot 40x320.
All street work complete. • '
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St.
©OQCA BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE, COLONI-
«3P^it7U\/. iii style, -6 rooms; conveniently lo-
cated, near Bay-street station; easy terms.
$2500 — Colonial cottage, 6 rooms, near narrow-
gau/e station; easy terms. ,
$2750— Beautiful cottage, colonial style. 6
rooms; near Grand-street station; "your terms are
ours." "... . \
. MARCUSE <fc REMMEL. Bayst. station, broad
gauge. Alameda; 628 Market st., San Francisco.
Open Sundays and holidays. , .
<£{ I t\l\f\ " LOT 35x100; COTTAGE 4 ROOMS,
«Jp I UUU. bath and stable. .' v .
' . $1750— Modern cottage of 5 rooms ana -bath ; any
terms; near station. „- .- ■ , ■•■;.•
j $2800— Lot 40x150: beautiful new cottage Of 6
rooms and bath; $200 cash. $25 per month.
$3600— Handsome . new co.tage, 7 rooms and
bath; NE. '.corner: installment plan.
. $'2650— 2-story house; 6 rooms and bath. ..:,
$3^Uo— 2-story bouse, 9 rooms and bath; corner.
$•1000— "^-3tory t.ous.-, 7 rooms aud bath; large
lot: hear station: any terms. ■- .
$5500— Elegant new 2-story house, 10 rooms and
bath; 10.. &0xl50; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion. • .
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to let. ,
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
MODERN 9-ROOM HOUSK AND BATH: 1
minute from Chestnut-st. station; less than 2
years old; pretty garden, croquet grounds, green-
house and chicken-yard; for sale; part cash: or
lease for term of years. -Addiess a. R., box 88,
Call uttice. ■
HOICK CORNER LOT ON CLINTON AYE.:
will build houses to suit purchasers on .easy
terms: choice property near ches. nut-street sta-
tion; only $1« 50 a front foot. T. F. BAIRD,
1303 Park St.. Alameda.
<Bj*?/l' a FRONT FOOT; 100x150: STREET
•V— "r work nil done: on a main avenue; 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH," Bay
Station, Alameda. or G.-« M AN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
1 ARGAINS-830 PKR FOOT;LO1S ON NORTH
I ' side San Antonio aye,, near Grand st.
$1 250—60x150; fan Jos<> aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150: new modern house. 'ft- rooms
and bath: norm side <oi street; must be sold at
once. ■ . •.■ ..Ym -.:'■:;:■;■ -7 ■
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
'■ -\ -. - 1600 Park *•.. Alamnria.
AK.A3IEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
(UjOX FIRST-CLABS MODERN HOUSK: IN
•7?»>«J. best repair; 8 rooms: bath: conserva-
tory; lawn; chicken yard; splendidly locate!.
LiicT San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire H. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st. . ' :
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
oi;9"nA CLEAR: STORE AND FLAT ON
iS'j-iOVyJ good street in Oakland; trade . for
property near the racetrack In Santa Rosa,
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 .Ninth st., Oakland.
ajOflfin FOR sale OR EXCHANGE for
yPOvUW. San Francisco -property; 19- acre,
fruit ranch in full bearing: good house, barn: near
station.' Address Z., box 164, Call Office. ' .
I\(\f\ HOUSES, LOTS, RANCHE* AND BUSI-
O\JVJ ness places. H. C, DECKER. 1020 Market
CEND FOX OUR LIs»T OF ORCHARD HOMKH
O for sale. Wi'OsTKK WHTTTO v, Sin Jose.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOU^E AND LOT SOUTH OF MARKET:
$3000 to Invest. 658 Harrison St. .
;.;.'■;■. •;:'/.'' ' i-ost." ■ : ; .
TirHITE FOX terrier: BROWN HEAD
II aud ears; short tail; reward. * 1016 Washing-
ton st. ;
OST— SUNDAY, MARCH 7. LADIES' GOLD
monogram "L. a," between Sutler and
Larkin. Eighteenth and Guerrero; liberal reward.
4160 seventeenth st. r ;
LOST— OPERA A NEIGHBORHOOD
of 3174 Twenty-third, Sunday evening. He-
ward on returning- to above address. ;. •
X HaIGHT ST. OR CLIFF HOU-E TRAIN
Sunday, umbrella. 9:3 a I- ell St.: reward.
L> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
X> st.: want ad- and subscriptions taken. '
- ,v 1 ...•■'- BICYCLES.
FOWLKR. RACER, $85: UNION CRACKER-
jack, $35; Ben Hur (adies'), $35. and others,
ail equal to new. ; Go.den Rule Bazaar Cycle De-
partment, 25 Geary st . . ■..* ■-'■-■ ■ -■■
"..,; . aiAKKIAGK Lltt.Nsts.
: The ■ following; marriage £ licenses have tittn
Issued by the County Clerk's office: - '. ■
g >> . H. Ke man and Kittle. Hampshire, 29—22.
Jean bom aid Alice Brochl -r 3.— ■■-;-. •-.
James Crowley ;<nd Margaret McCarthy. 36 —
Frederick l>. Aildickand Rise K. Hurl 24—19.
Walfr i'onner an i Amelia Vachun. 27— 19.
Lkt^i Ai&— M ARKlAdfcS— itLAfdi-
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
. with the name and residence of person* authorized
to have the same published.' J '
•'• *" ' • ■ . ' "BORN. ' ■ • ;'■
HOVE Y-In Alameda. March 2. 1897, to the wife
» of Charles K. Hovey, a son,' . ■ ,■■ . ■ •
McDOWaLD— In this city. February 15, 1897, to
■ the wife of l>. J. McDonald, a son. •>  - ,
SUHR— In Oakland, March 6. 1897, to the wife of
; ? : John C Suh'.'asnn.' ... ' ~ "" .' . ' ■
■' ',--;■■: "NLA&KIKU. .Vo ':.-: ' •-.-'.■ ■'•■■
DANKWEKTH — WEoTPHALEX — March, 7,
1897. by the Rev. Paul Branke, H. Dankwerth
ani M. D. Wt-slphalen. . ? ; . * 
LITTLK— LANG— In this city. February 18.1897,
by th» Rev. W. Gardiner, William Llf.le and
Lena Ling.
NELSON— FRESE— March 7 1897." by the Rev.
. Paul Branke, O«mond .Nelson nnd Kmma Fre>e.
' • DIED.'
Brockman.nenri^ttaF. OoeJecke, Wilhelmine
rurrington, Pauline ' Gulnasso, Julian
Cauepa. Pletro Haliey, .\nnie I,
Caspar, Jacob Henderson, .Margaret
Clark Anna U. ' Ho»giand, Mrt. K. A.
COaKley. ChurlesC. . McLaugu in. K. L
■ (,'otiKhiin, Daniel J. . Moller, John F.
Crisucb, .Nell; la kard. Cbarles J.
Davis. Dora ' - Po lesta John J.
Kustice. Catherine A. Richardson. Clement
Fitzsimmons. John R. t?chu dt, John •
Flycn, Mary . Schwitert, Paul
Sullivan. Henry E.
I BROCKMAN— In this city, March 9 1897, Hen-
rietta Frances, beloved wife of Frank BrocK-
ma:i, a native of Maine, a^ed 33 years 3 months
•* and 20 days. -. ■ - -
! BURRINGTON —In Sacramento. March 7, 1817,
Pauline beloved wife of A. C. Burrinston, and
mother of Mrs. Jessie Podd, Mrs. Maude K. Sim-
mons and .1. A. Burrington. a native of New
YorK, a;eJ 68 years and 5 mon'.hs.
CAN EPA— In this city, March 9, 1P97. Pietro
, Ca'iepa beloved uncle of Henrietta Merlo an I
Mrs. J. A. Splnetti, a native Genoa Italy, a,i-d .
Hi years.
*3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his law
residence, 608 Fi!b-T- street. Please omit flow-
ers. , ;.;.
CASPER— In this city. March 8. 1897, Jacob Cas-
per, a native of Gt-rmnny, rgeri 67 years. A
member of Eureka Ledge No. 6, order of H. S.
4^Friend.i and acou»liHunces are respect-
fn::y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. v., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr it Co.. l'2oi -Ui«nlo i »tre«;,
near- ; Eighth, thence to Red Men's Hall, 610
Bush street, near Grant avenue, where funeral
services will be held at •- o'clock p. M.. undrr
the auspices of Kure«a Lodge No. 6. Interment
Laurel Ulli Cemetery. . t . - . ' ' .
CLARK— In this city, March 8 1837. Anna H.
Clark, beloved mot of Mrs.'JS.S.WUwell. a na-
tive, of . .Maine, aged 77 year* and 4 months,
[l-ewlston (Me. ) papers please copy. ]
••• tS~ Friends aiid acquaintauces -are resp-ct-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), a: 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gr*e Undertaking Co.,' 2429
V Mission, street, , near i Twenty .first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COAKLEY-ln Va'.leji. March 8. 1817. Charles
C. , son of Joun and th 9 late Ann Coakley, an >
brother of Mrs. M A. Colbv of Loi Anzelea. Mrs.
David McKeau and John Con k ley of San Fran-
' cisco, and Mrs. A. J. Williams and James Coax-
ley of Vallej), a native or New York, aged is
years.
COUGHLIN— In this city, March 1897 Daniel
J. , telovt'd husband of .M argarct Cou^blin, an'l
brother of John D Couehlin of I akeview, Or.,
a native of Tountoo, Mas  .ge.i 60 ears.
CRISTICH— In this city. March 9,' 1*97. Nellie,
beiove.i daughter of An onia and the late l'i«:ro '
cdsiich, and stepsister or Car otta Bernitich,
a native of San t rancisco, aged 4 yoarsandlO
days.. ' ■ , ■ • .. - -. ■• •■•'•'■ . •
DAVIS— this city. March » 1 897, Dora, be-
loved wife of i Nathan Davis, mother of - Mrs. M.
Huckman and Mrs. T. Tjbiaj. and sister of Mrs.
M. Co per. a native of i-.x.u, .Prussia, Germany,
a^rfi 69 years and 9 months-
EUSTICE— tn thlscltr, March 7, 1K97, Catherine
.. A., beloved wife of J. H.- Kujtice. < and motuer
of Edward ,W. and Lilly F. Eust cc and Mrs.
' Nettie M. Nathan, a native of New York City,
aged 48 year* 10 moat and 4 days.
J(fl*Friendi and acquaintances sre respect-
fu lv Invite. l to attend tue> funeral TKIs DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from tho par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co.. iJJ r.aJ; street.
Interment Golden Gate Cematery.
FITZSIMMONS— In 'this city, March 9. 1897,
John h., beloved husband or Maggie Fitsilm-
moss and fattier of William ami Maggie Fltz-
slmuions, a native of New Or.cans, aged 46
' yeiirs. , t ■ ~ '. • ■ . , ' • .
. t&~ Friends and > acquaintances ' are I resDe-;t-
fallv Invited to attend the funeral MORROW
■(Thursday), at 7:^o o'clock a.m., from hU la'e
residence, 1751 Hayes street, ibence to St.AKnes
. Church, Masonic avenue, between Oak and Pags
street where a solemn requiem mass will.be celo-
. brated lor the repose of his soul, commencing
. at 8 oVcloc* a. m interment Han Jose Ceme-
tery, by 10:40 o'clock a m. train from Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets.
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE :OF
- California— officers and members are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of ' our late
brother, J R." Fitzsimmons, from -his la'e resi-
dence, 1761 Haves street, corner of Masonic
avenue, . TO-MORROW r (ThursJav), at 7 :30
o'clock A. m. Funeral detail take notice. By
order of P. H. Me .INNERTY, Pres.
'Jeosias Aii-ord, Cor. Sea .- .- .
FLYNN— In this city. March 9, 1897. Mary, be-
loved wife of Dennis L. Flynn. mother of John
' J., George I.. James C. an 1 Margaret Flynn, and
. sister of Mrs. J. Gainer and Mrs. J. Fisher, a na-
tive of Passage West; county Cork, Ireland, agoi
3tt years. . :?. -
GOEDECKE— In this city, March 9. 1897, Wll-
helmine, only an I beloved daughter of Carl and
Wlltielmine Goedecke, and brother of Carl and
Hermann Goad ecke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 5 months and 22 days.
GUINASSO— In this city, March 8. 1897, Jnlian,
beloved son of Francisco T. and .Mary Guiuasso,
ana brother of Fred L. and David J. Gulbasso,
a native of San Francisco, age I 20 years 5
months and .'8 days. •'
- Frt-.-tids and nrquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to a' tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. if., from us late
residence, 61/ .Green street. At 9:80 o'clock
. A. M., at the Italian Church, Filbert and Dupont
streets, a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
bcaied for the repose of his souL Interment
- Italian Cemetery.
HALLEY— In this city, March 7, 1897, Annie
Laura H alley, beloved mother of Mrs. Lillie
Brown, Mr*. Ivy Mitchell and Daisy Haliey, "
a native of Missouri, aged 60 years.
HENDERSON-In thiseity. March 7, 1897. Mar-
garet Henderson, a native or Scotland, aged 83
years '2 month's and 9 days. ' ' '
HOAGLAND— In Stockton. Cal., March 3. 1897,
Mrs- R. A. Hoagland, sister of Mr*. D. Bel Jen.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, March 8. 1897, Ed-
ward L, beloved son of Catherine and the late
. Thomat McLaughlin, and brother of Thomas
nod Lizzie McLaughlin and the lat9 Mm. Mary
Toner, a n • live of bun Francisco
O"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wrrtnesday), from his late residence, 437 Jer-
sey street, thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be held for the repose of . his
soul, commencing at 8 :30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Hoiy Cross Cemetery.
MOLLER— In this city. March 8. 1897, John Fred,
beloved husband of Johanna Moller. and father
of Mrs. F. Benrm'ann and Walter MoUer, a na-
tive of Holstein, Germany, aged 66 years 11
months and 10 day A member of Korea: Grove
Council No. 75, Order of Chosen Friends, of For-
est Hilt, Placer County, Cal., and Friends of the
Golden Gate Veretn. ■ • -
. - JOT Friends ■ and , acquaintances are respect-
fully In vited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Sunr A Co., 1209 Mission street,
i neat Eighth. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery.
PACKARD— In this city, March 8. 1897, Charles
J. Packard, a native of New York, aged 80 years
& months and 'i days. [New York papers please
cour. | -."■,-.■
-;-• grg- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toa-tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors, of H. C. Porter & Co., 122 Edjy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. "
PODESTA— John - J.. belovel husband of Jennie
 Podesta, and . father of Norraa, Lnona and Lu-
clan Podesta, lat ■ member of the firm of Mar-
tinoni & Podesta, a native* of Italy. ■ aged 4tl
years. ■
MTThe funeral will tatto nines THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'dooc p. m., from his late
residence. 140b Mason street. Jntermeut Italian
Cemetery. Vv' -HI - ■ - .
RICHARDSON— this city, March 8. 1897,
Clement, beloved bnsband of Mrs. IS. Richard-
son, father of Lawrence, ueorge. Albert. Daisy.
Waller, Willie and RavmouU Richardson and
Mrs. J. F. Millerick, and brother-in-law of Paul
" Hheehan, a native of Breede, Sussex, England,
aged 46 years and 11 months.
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. ML. from his late
resilience, 440 cortlaud avenue, thenoe to Old
>t. Mary's College Church, where a solemn,
requiem mass will be. celebrated for ths repot* of
I his soul, commencing at 9 :30 o'clock a. it. In-
terment Holy crosi cemetery. .
A lovinc;, faithful husband and an affectionate
father.
Father Is gone but not forgotten; nor is the
goo 1 advice be gave. - • - ■-• ■■■
Sweetest thoughts shall ever linger around our
darling fathers grave.
Long days and nights he oore in pain. ■
To wail for care was all m vain. . •
. But GoJ. .-iio who thought it best.
' Did ease h.s pain and gave him rest.
BCHULI T-In this city. March 1897. John, be-
loved husband of Christina sc.'iulit, and only
beloved son of Mrs. : claus ..Dittmer of i Cor-
delia, boiano County, a native of Province Ha-
nover, Germany, an j t 31 years 10 months aud
'2$ da/ s. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6,
a d. H. 8. ; . . ■■:-.-: -
«fS-Remalns at the parlors of Gantner •& Gnntz,
. 8 and 10 City Hall square. , ' ■ , ;
BCHWITEhT— In the CKy and County Hospital,
March 9, 1897, Paul S.hwltert, aged 40 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, March 8. 1897, Henry
. E., beloved son of Catherine id the late Rob rt
Sullivan, and : r tner of Mary. Katie, Mazgie
and Robert .-hi livan, a native of San Fran,
aged 24 years and 21 days.
• jaarFriends and ' acquaintances are respect-
- fuilv invltt-d to attend t:ie funeral THIS 'DAY
' (Wednesday), at -.1:30 o'clock p. it., from his
' Lite resilience, 1106 Vi Tennessee street, th nc»
to bu Teresa's church for services at 2 P. v.
Interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDIN'O ASSO-
clation — Tne regular monthly requiem higb.
mass for the deceased members of the abovs
association, and for the deceased parents aud
- relatives of the members, will be celebrated la
.st. Dominic's Church. Bush and Sieiner streets,
TO-ilu.ißOW(Tnursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
■■ Friends are Invited to attend. -
' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALM
to ruth St. . Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. . \ "
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERf,
SAN MATEO COUNTT: NEAREST CKM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in noseaaea»
: elusive: location unexcelled. OHU« Wl Mu*m
tueeu soutlieaat coruai »* oLfciifc .
1516
LOOTED THE CASH
OF HIS BROTHER
Michael W Kinney Is on
Captain Lees' "Little
Book."
By Forgery He Stole the As
sets and Then Ab
sconded.
Deceived His Attorney, the Bank
Officers and th Probate Court
Judge.
A startling state of affairs has been dis
covered in the estate of Andrew J. Kinney,
deceased, snowing that a new way of loot
ing the estate of a dead man has been
developed in San Francisco.
The records of the Probate Court show
that Alichael W. Kinney liied a petition
tor appointment as administrator on the
18th oflast November. He told Attorney
EL G. Davis that the only assets of the
estate consisted of outstanding claims for
$100 and he thought the court fees ought
to be remitted. This suggestion was not
heeded, but it had the effect of impress
ing the lawyer's mind with the insignifi
cance of the estate.
As the resources of the estate were repre
sented to be shadowy in the extreme, and
as the administrator, who assumed to be
a brother of the deceased, was not in a
hurry to settle the business affairs of his
dead relative very little was done in the
matter beyond publishing a notice to
creditors to present their bills. None of
these did so for the reason that they had
Jill been paid .without order of court or
other formality, though in fact tney
amounted to only a very small mm as
the dead man was of frugal and thriity
nabits.
Upon the showing that the estate did
not aggregate over $100 in doubtful debts
the bond of the administrator was made
merely nominal, and in this regard both
the court and Attorney Davis were de
ceived.
A short time ago Mr. Davis was called
into consultation in a forgery case, and
through this means he learned for the
first time tnat Michael W. Kinney is a
former, an that one of his bondsmen is
also a forger.
This information led to an investiga
tion, and it was soon learned that the ad
ministrator had robbed the estate of his
dead brother and bad absconded. ■
T. c m thod of the former was simple
enough. He learned that the officers of
the bank had received information ol the
death of Andrew J. Kinney, and there
upon caused an advenisement tp be in
serted in an obscure weekly paper and
by Andrew J. Kinney, ostensibly
the man who had a deposit in the bank.
This notice was cleverly called to the at
tention of the bank officials, and therefore
when checks were from time to time pre
sented with the siinurated signature of
Andrew J. Kinney they were duly hon
ored. They were so cleverly executed
that the bank omcial3 had no idea that
they were spurious.
Tne forger was careful to give the ac
count a semblance of lively naturalness
by interspersing the drafts with a lew un
important deposits. Finally he got $2200
belonging to his dead brother, and then
he leit for parts unknown. Chief Crowley
18 looking for him, ana Captain Lees has
nis name on his ".Htle book," but up to
the present date they have no tidings of
his whereabouts. There is a general im
pression abroad that he is too smooth to
be caught.
KILLED BY CHAMPAGNE.
Verdict of the Coroner's Jury in the
Case of Millionaire John
M. Oakley.
"Came to his death from the excessive
use of liquor."
Such was the verdict of the Coroner's
jury in tne case of John M. Oakley, the
erratic Pittsburg millionaire banker and
broker who expired at the Palac? Hotel a
Jew days ago ns the result of a protracted
debauch, participated in by Beatrice
Booth, an Eastern adventuress.
Nothing beyond what has already been
related was brought out by the investiga
tion.
Dr. Martin testified that he had treated
Oakley lor alcoholism and had signed a
death certificate to the effect that he died
from that cause.
Dr. Morgan, the chemist of the Morgue,
stated that he had found carbolic ucid in
the stomach of the deceased, but was
unab c to say whether it came there from
the use of embalming fluids. He had
never known of embalming materials that
contained this ingredient.
Undertaker Wright, who took charge of
the embalming, stated that he did not
know the character of the ingredients
composing the embalming fluids, except
that they were poisonous.
Manager Kirknatrick of the Palace tes
tified regarding Oakley's inordinate thirst
for champagne and of the circumstances
of his arriving at the hotel.
The jury deliberated but a few moments
before returning the verdict mentioned.
LETTER-CARRIERS.
A Ladies' Auxiliary in Connection With
the Coming National Conven
tion 1 c> lined
Lady friends, wives and sisters of the
City letter-carriers met in Native Sons'
Hall yesterday with the object of lorminL'
a ladies' auxiliary in connection with the
convention of the National Association
of Letter-carriers to be held in this City
on Septembei 6.
A temporary organization was formed,
with Miss R. Trieber, president; Miss L.
Gruber, vlcp-president ; Mrs. A. Goetz?
secretary; Mrs. L. E. Bowin, financial sec-'
retary and treasurer, and Mrs. Horace B.
Cooney, It was decided
to meet again on March 23, to form a per
manent organization. The auxiliary will
have for its objet the entertainment of
visiting lauie-* to the convention.
The Letter-carriers' Association met last
night and decided to hold a picnic at
Schuetzen Park on July 4 to raise funds
lor convention expenses. The following
committee on arrangements was ap
pointed: J. S. Sullivan (chairman), R. B.
Logan, W. W. O Null, John Mutter,
Chßries Seeburt, S. Skov, Charles A. Wise
well, ri. B. Cooney and Joseph McGill.
It was announced that the souvenir
would be issued on May 1.
Insolvency of a Financier.
J. E. Whltlier, contractor and finnncier, at
'present engaged in preparing a new building
lor the Examiner publication office, has filed
a petition in insolvency. He earned his title
as financier by succeed in owing J. J.
Raver $1884 40 and L. J. Drexler $290. Mr.
Whittier's. debts foot up $3928 40, and ho has
no assets.
Lenten Diiconrto.
Tne Rev. Father Powers, c. S. P., will de
liser his second Lenten discourse at the Paul
ist churcb, Ca.itornia ftreet, this evening at
7:45 o'clock. Suoject, "The Betrayal."
. Jewklby store, 6-7 Third, removed to 303
Kearny. .Larje stock of diamonds, watclies ,etc.
CORNERED IN ANOTHER FALSEHOOD.
The President of the Amalgamated Woodworker Union Gives the
"Examiner" the Lie*
(U\[ot copyrighted. The Examiner is at liberty to republish.)
A large body of union workingmen last evening in open meeting denounced
the Monarch of Fakers for printing a false report of their proceedings and directed the
president to publish the following contradiction:
San Francisco, March 9, 1897.
To the Editor of The Call: In the Examiner of March 3 there appeared what pur
ported to be a report of Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union's meeting on the evening of
the 2& In it was the statement that this union decided to draft resolutions to be presented
to the Building Trades Council denouncing The Call and indorsing the resolutions of Car
penters' Union No. 22.
These statements are false and untrue, as no resolutions were passed concerning
The Call or authorizing the delegates to the B. T. C. to do so. No action whatever was
taken in this matter. J. Jorgensen,
President of the Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union No. 1 £.
SATISFIED WITH
THEIR NEW HALL
Native Sons Pleased With
the Reports of the
Association.
Annual Meeting of the Stock
holders to Elect a Board
oi Directors.
A Financial Showing That the Presi
dent Declared Gratifying for
(he Investors.
The annual meeting of the Hall Asso
ciation of the Native Sons of the Golden
West was held last night. There was a
large attendance of members.
Mayor J. D. Phelan, president of the
association, presided.
From the report of A. Eberhart it ap
peared that the receipts for the year were
$38,077 79 and that the expenses were
$37,803 04, and that the rentals amounted
to $15,140 10.
The report of the finance committee
showed that the accounts were correct;
Prominent Members of the Native
Sons' Hall Association.
that the assets amount to $138,233 58 and
the liabilities to $136,150 30.
The president stated that the reports
showed a very gratifying state of affairs
and that the investment was a very satis
factory one. He also said that the
prospects for the future are very en
couraging.
At this stage of the meeting the presi
dent was forced to retire to attend a
meeting of the Supervisors in regard to
the water question.
A resolution ratifying the acts of the
hoard of directors durir.g the past year
was adopted unanimously.
The stockholders by a unanimous vote
resolved that the secretary, who had been
acting without pay, should be paid a
salary, the amount to be fixed by the
directors. It was resolved that no direc
tor be employed as an employe, except
the secretary and attorney of the board.
The following named were elected direc
tors for the ensuing year:
California Parlor— Henry Lunstedt, J. H
Gra-ly, Frank \V. Mnrston, K. H. Morse, J. B
fctovall, H. S. Milziicr.
I'acitic PHrlor — .lames 1). Pfcelan, W H
Miller, W. H. Hazell, J. R. Kropp, H. Euler
Ch'arlei A. bnldeman.
(iolden Or.te Parlor — Thomas C. Conmy,
Adolph EbTluiri.
San Franrisco Parlor — Thomas B. Evani
Robert W. Nixon.
El Dorado Parlor— W. J. Leitz.
Kineon Parlor— W. E. Foley, G. H. a Dryden,
J. P. Donovan.
Staniorl Parlor— D. C. Martin, F. H. Jung.
Alcade Parior— ll. E. Coffer.
Bay City Parlor— H. G. W Dinkelspiel.
Hesperian Parlor— Fred G. Norman.
Niantic Parlor— L>ui- F Bvington.
Columbia Parlor— J. R. Uowell.
AlcMiraz Parlor— E. P E. Troy.
Verbs Buena Parlor— Daniel Sutter, M. J.
Shnehai).
Precita Parlor— Charles H. Buck.
South San Francisco Pirior- Louis is'onne
man.
Sequoia Parlor— L. M. Barman.
Board of Relief— H. C. Pasquale.
The board of directors then elected J.
D. Phelan president, Louis F. Byington
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, IS9T.
vice-president, A. Eberhart secretary and
Fir^t National Bank treasurer.
Robert W. Martland remains in the
capacity of manager of the building.
ROBBED A GUNSTORE.
E. Me Aul Iff and C- P. Jamei Clev
erly Captured by Policemen
Clark and Snowball.
A clever capture of two burglars was
made early yesterday morning by Police
men L. C. Clark and A. L. Snowball on
California street.
E. McAuliff and C. P. James broke into
the cunsmith-store of L. Moller, 703 Cali
fornia street, about 4 o'clock, and Clark
observed McAuiiff coming out of the door.
Clark ordered him to throw up his hands
and he dropped on his knees begging for
m erey.
Just then Snowball appeared and draw
ing his revolver he dashed into the store.
He found James in the hallway and
promptly arrested him.
The burglars had forced open the front
door with a jimmy, breaking off the lock
and a portion of the panel. Then they
forced open a door ieadinsr from the hall
way into the store. Four Winchester rifles
and 1000 rounds of cartridges were found
in the hallway ready to be carried away
and a dozen revolvers were missiiii.', which
it is supposed they had stowed away
somewhere.
When searched some skeleton keys were
found in the pockets of tne two men and
on James were found a number of pawn
tickets for clothing and jewelry, supposed
to be the plunder from other burglaries.
They were booked on the charge of
burglary. Both are known as crooks and
Janus is a "dope liend."
Clark yesterday recovered from the
pawnshops two overqoats, a diamond
ring, diamond scarfpin and several
watches, which are now in the possession
of the property clerk tor identification.
A CKIPPLE SWINDLED.
"John Doe" Twigg Wanted on the
Charge of Euibezzleinant.
F. A. Andrew-, a cripple, living at 425
Broadway, swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of "John Doe" Twieg in Judge Low's
court yesterday on the charge of embez
zlement.
Some we«ks ago Twigg went to An
drews, representing that he was the agent
for an artificial limb factory in the East
and induced him to part with $58 for an
artificial teg.
Andrews waited patiently, but as the
artificial limb did not arrive he wrote !o
ihe factory and got a reply that no such
order had been received, and notbine was
known about Twigg. Andrews was i-o
chagrined at beng duned that he at
tempted to commit suicide last week.
Piling I i> Charges.
Paul Graves, alias Milton Berry, had an
otuer charge of burglary booked against him
at the City Prison yesu-rday. He is charged
with breaking into the house of William
Pierce, 115 Noe street, and sieaiing a number
of articles. Grave 6is the youth who was mar
ried a fuw days after his arrest to Anna M. L.
Steen.
Mold for Embezzlement.
E. W. Schubert was held to answer before
the Superior Court yesterday by Judge Joach
iniseii iw $1000 bonds on the charge of lelony
embezzk'intnt. Schubert w»b casuier Jn ihe
Rut,s House and lit charged with embezzling
about $1100. v
Brugge Charged With Murder.
' The inquest in the case of Louis Ciosch, who
was kicked to death by William Brugge, a few
days ago, resulted* in , Brugge being, charged
with the murder of the aged cook. •
- • »'»""' ■
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper:
it has the water-mark. My sell-Rollins, 22 Clay*
CLOSED BECAUSE
OF BAD PLUMBING
Doors of the Clement
School Locked and
Barred.
Dangerous Sanitary Conditions
Make the Move Im
perative.
Eight Hundred Pupils Who Will Be
Withcut a Scoool Until
Monday.
Yesterday at noon the Clement Gram
mar School closed its doors and 800 pupils
were left without a schoolhousc.
The school was closed with the sanction
of the president of the Board of Educa
tion, Barrington; Samuel L Waller, chair
man of the Health Committee; Dr. A. S.
Ltveiace, Health Officer, and Miss Mary
K. Callaghan, the principal of the school.
Th* closing of the doors of the Clement
School is the first move of importance of
the recently organized Health Committee
of the Board ol Education.
Samuel L. Waller, chairman of the
Health Committee, was the rirst to call
attention to the unsanitary condition of
the Geary-street sclioolhouse. He recom
mended that the entire sewerage system
of the school be altered, with the result
that the board instructed T. A. Burns,
chairman of the Buildings and Grounds
Committee, to attend to the matter ut
once.
Work was immediately begun, but the
seepage from the old and broken sewer
pipes was so intense that both Miss Bige
low ami Miss J. Lewis, two teachers who
bad classes in the basement of the build
ing, were obheed to complain to the prin
cipal. At Miss Callaguan's suggestion
Chairman Waller was sent for and he re
commended that President Barrington be
apprise I and thai the two basement
classes be ordered closed.
President Barrington brought the mat
ter to the attention ol Dr. J. P. Morse, the
chairman of the Committee of Public
Buildings of the Board of Health and of
Health Officer A. S. Lovelace. The result
of this conference was that it was decided
to close the school until the entire sewer
ace system can be renovated.
The impoverished condition of the edu
oatiooal treasury will make it impossible
for a complete renovation of the sewerage
to be made. However, new pipes will be
put in from the vaults to the street, and
after July the modern plumber will be
given carte blanche to place the whole
school in perfect order. As it is. a double
shift of men are busy up at the school.
Work is being pushed nieht and day, and
it is expected tnat the school will be ready
for the reception of the pupils on Monday
next.
The report of J. J. Sullivan, plumbing
inspector, is enough to make the heart of
even the stoutest quail.
Broken i-ewers, pipes, cesspools, rotten
foundations and drinking fountains with
out traps are but a few of the many
menaces tv health he found.
Strangely cnongh, the average attend
ance at the school was good and the sick
list comparatively small. This Director
Waller attributes to the fact that the
children at the Clement School are, for
the most part, well fed and warmly
clothed, and in a physical condition to
withstand disease.
The closing of the Clement School is
but one of the many surprises that the
Health Committee has up its sleeve.
SECURED BIG DAMAGES.
John XV. Dennlng's Succeaiful Suit for
Injuries Keceived iv the Service
of the State.
The suit of John W. Denning against
the State for $20,00:) damages for injuries
received on the State tug Governor Irwin
concluded yesterdny in a verdict for the
plaintiff for $10,000.
Denning was a deckhand on the Gov
ernor Irwin and was engaged in his duties
as such when he was hurt. When it was
necessary for one of the men to ascend
from the main deck to the top of the deck
bouse he was compelled to go up a ladder
fastened in its place with what i? known
as a '"cabin-door hook."
Denning w^s the victim of this ladder.
In March, 1895, he was working on board
the tug, and found it necessary to a*cend
to the top of the deckhouse to fix one of
the lights. He went part way up the lad
der and then the fastenings gave way ana
he was thrown violently to the deck. A
severe and permanent injury to bis spine
was the result.
Through his attorneys, Henley, Bigelow
& Costeilo and D. J. Bannington, Den
ning brought suit, and the big sum al
lowed yesterday was the result.
Suits for Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows;
James A. Wheeler against Carrie J. Wheeler,
for desertion; J. hi; me* against Mrs. L.
Humes, desertiou.
IT. Li. Cannon fills the Vncnney.
WASHINGTON,!). C, March 9.—Cor
nelius N. Bliss ot New Yorit, recently
made Secretary of the Interior, resigned
as treasurer of the National Republican
Committee and W. L. Cannoa was elected
to fill the vacancy.
tihat ttttrhitm'* J-rirndi Are Urging.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
friends 01 Rt- presentative Barhatn of Cali
fornia will make a strong effort to have
him appointed on the Rivers and Harbors
Committee, to succeed Binger Hermann
of Oregon.
WILL NOT FLY THE
ASSOCIATION FLAG
Disaffection Over the Pacific
Inter -Club Yacht
Regatta.
One Member of the Organization
Withdraws in Dissat
isfaction.
San Franciscos Claim They Were Not
Fairly Treated by the Com
mittee in Charge.
A squabble that has caused the with
drawal of one club from the Pacific Inter
club Yachting Association has arisen, and
it is said that the end is not yet. The
trouble began over the regatta of Septem
ber 9 iast, when the McDonoush cup was
the main object sailed for and all the
yaclits were put in their finest racing trim
in he hope of winning the much-coveted
trophy.
The association was originally composed
of the Pacific, San Francisco, Corinthian,
Encinal and California yacht clubs and its
formation was the result of much hard
study on the part of thos 1 who have
given the sport the most attention. The
recatta was a great event of the year in
yachting circles and each club sent its
fleetest boats, manned by their most ex
perienced sailors, to compete. '
One of the main conditions governing
the race, which was for sloops not over
thirty feet racing length, was that ail
those participating must be amateur
yachtsmen in the fullest sense of the word,
and that is where the hitch came.
Among the boats belonging to the San
Francisco Yacht Club the Catherine is
considered a crack, and she was sent into
the fray with full confidence that she
would carry off the honors.
She was protested by o>her owners on
the ground that she curried among her
crew a professional yachtsman, and the
regatta committee, after hearing testi
mony and considering the matter, dis
qualified the fleet sloop.
Then there was anger among the mem
bers of the S«n Franoisco Yacht Club and
the majority declared that they would
never again sail their boats in the associa
tion's regattas.
The matter simmered fora while, the
feeling between the club and the associa
tion growing stronger the while, until the
annual meeting of the San Francisco
club, which took place last month.
I. Gutte was commodore at that time,
and previous ;o the election of officers,
which took place at the gatherine, he
offered a resolution to the effect that tue
club withdraw from the association and
refuse to longer participate in the reeattas.
In support of his measure lie recited the
circumstances umler which the Catherine
had been disqualified and denied that her
owners had in any way v oiated the rules
governing the contest. He characterized
that action of the n-cat a committee as
unsportsmanlike and petty, and asked the
club to show its spirit by withdrawing
without delay.
The majority of the members were in
accord with tne commodore and the reso
lution was adopted without a dissenting
voice. The Inter-club Association was
notified in a short and curt communica
tion that the San Francisco Club had de
cided to withdraw from the organization.
No reason for this action was assigned,
but it is perfectly well understood by the
other members of the association and has
intensified the feeling that existed prior
to the withdrawal.
There are some members of the San
Francisco Club who thought the action
hasty, but they are in the minority and
have said little or nothing regarding the
matter.
The San Francisco Yacht Club is the
oldest organization of the kind on the
Pacific Slope and numbers among its
members some of the most enthusiastic
yachtsmen in this City.
Secretary R. R. I'Hommedieu of the
Inter-club Association, through whose
efforts tiie organization was formed, stated
yesterday that the action of the regatta
committee had not been taken hastily
and that the owner of the Catherine had
plainly violated the rules governing the
race by having a man on board who toad
fallen under the suspicion of being a pro
fessional.
The committee regretted exceedingly
that it had been compelled to di-qualify
the sloop, but under the regulations there
was no alternative, and to have disre
garded the protest of those who claimed
that the Catherine had an outsider on
board wouid have been to invite still
greater dissatisfaction.
CHANGE Of OPERA.
The French Company to Open in
"JL'Africaine. "
Tl;e French Grand Opera Company ar
rived here early yesterday morning and
will positively open its engagement ut the
California Theater this evening. There
has, however, been found a necessity to
change the bill for the opening perform
ance, and instead of giving '"Trovatore"
this evening the company will present
"L'Africaine" and will give "Trovatore"
on Friday evening instead. Otherwise the
repertoire remains the same as first an
nounced, which is as follows: Saturday
matinee, "Faust"; Saturday evening,
"Misa Helyett"; Tuesday evening, the
16tb. "Sigurd."
Thursday evening, the 18th, the double
bill of "Noces de Jeannette" and "Cavai
leria Kusticana"; Saturday matinee, "La
Juive"; Saturday night, "Voyaee of
Suzette," to be followed by "Les Hugue
nots," "Dragons de Viliars," "Aida,"
"Mignon," "Carmen," etc. Word was re
ceived from trie company last night giv
ing information that everything was in
order and that the singers will give a
splendid performance of the opera. The
audience this evening will be a very bril
liant one, the sale of seats being very
large.
LIGHT TO INGLESIDE.
The Improvement Club la Hopeful of
the Action of the Supervisor*.
The Lakeview and Ingleside Improve
ment Club held a meeting last night. AN
tention was called to the fact that from
San Jose avenue to the ocean not a glim
mer of ligbt can be seen along the main
road, except that which is used within the
houses of those who reside in the neigh
borhood.
Secretary Thomas Douglas reported for
the light committee to the effect that the
petition which had been signed by the
members of the club had been presented
to the Supervisors, and by that body re
ferred to the Committee on Street Lights
with an apparent fr:endliness which gave
an assurance of tavorable consideration.
The petition was for the lights on the
road.
William Fierson's motion that street
signs be printed and placed on the street
corners at the expense of the club was
unanimously carried, and J. A- pastman
was authorized to perform the work.
On the suggestion of Chairman Corbin
William Pierson offered a lesolution
thanking the citizens and the committee
having in charge t c collection of funds
to assist the unemployed, and the resolu
tion also stated that the opening of the
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOOD 3. * —
NEWJRESSjABRICS!"
ARRIVAL
SPRING
IMPORTATIONS!
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, assorted colors, goods 45
inches in width - - - - - - <£Q *"7£%
yO. I J Pattern
v'J NOVELTY FRENCH ETAMINE CHECKS, different size
. checks, goods 48 inches wide - - - diT C\C\
\J> / ,UU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, in both block and broken
checks, goods 44 inches wide - - - CtiT i~\r\ \
vj> /.UU Pattern 1
NOVELTY ETAMINE CHECKS, all new colorings, goods
40 inches wide ------ C^Q CZ(~\
M)O.OU Pattern
5 cases GENUINE FRENCH SERGE, full 45 inches wide,
in all the new Spring shades, also black, CA A
OUU Yard
£^ SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
t^f" Country orders receive prompt attention.
tW Goods delivered free in San Rafael, Sausallto, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
CTp^ "fIA A #1 ■ • mil— T^rr -JW Jt^ ■ _*y -■ * *
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
proposed boulevard from the part to In
pleside meet* with the hearty co-opera
tion of the cicb and the residents and
property-owners ol that district.
, » —^ — »
Attorney-General JHcKmna'* Secretary.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 9.^-J.
Walter Biandford ha 3 been selected by
Attorney-General McKenna as his pri
vate secretary. Biandford was . private
secretary to Hon. Charles N. Felton when
the latter was in the United States Sen
ate, and was clerk of Congressional com
mittees. He served, also, as private sec
retary to Olney when that statesman was
Attorney-General, and continued in a
like capacity when Olney became Secre
tary of State. Blanchord is a member of
the bar, and well acquainted with public
men, particularly with Culifornians.
NEW TO-DAY.
Is There
Another Cigar
On Earth
That so nearly approaches in
excellence the expensive sort as
Jackson
Square
5 C
Cigar.
They're Cuban H^nd M-ide.
They're ALT, RIGHT.
ALL DEALERS.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
Coast Aenls,
300-302 Battery Street.
CLOSED MONDAY.
OPEN TUESDAY.
REMOVAL SALE
$50,000 WORTH
. . OF . .
BLACK GOODS
To Be Disposed of Before
Removal.
The Quality, Style and Assortment'
Unsurpassed West of Chicago.
Ladies Desiring the Very Choicest
Fabrics in Black will find this an
opportunity never before afforded
them in this city.
GOODS SOLD BELOW IMPORTATION
COST.
Three First-Class Salesmen Wanted
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
23 Geary St., Near Kearny.
SALE CLOSES
MARCH 8.
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
OF
ART GOODS
AT
5. & G. GUMPS,
113 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, M RRORS,
VASES, ORIAIHEITS,
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
BRASS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble ;
Statuary, Pedestals, French f
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount of 20 Per Cent
i
FROM OUR REGULAR PRICES.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
TEACHERS!
; OFFICE OP THE CITY BOARD OF EXAM-
I>f ATIOX (Thin! Floor New City Hall). >■
_ !?an Francisco. Marcn B. 1897. )
rpHE REGULAH Sh.il -ANNUAL IXa.MI.VA.
! X tlon of applicants for teachers' certificate (High
; School, Grammar and Primary grades ami s; print
! certificates) will commence at the Normal School
i on Powell street, ' between (lay and Sucrameuto,
! on FRIDAY, March 12, 1897. at 2 o'clock p k.
Applicants who wish 10 puss an examination for
, High School certificates or sp?ctil certificates will
j send notice to this office o:i ot before March H.
1 • In comp lance with the Siaic Sen ol law each ap-
| plicant mast pay ati examination fee of *2 In ad-
I vance. : Applicants who intend taKing the exam-
I ination must register prior to the commencement
of the same as no fees will be received on that'
date. P. M. KOLAS,) .■ :•
• Secretory City Board of Kxaminat;on. :
I office hours— Wed nes lavs, from 3 :30 -10 4:30
p. m. : Saturdays, from 9:HO toll a. M. I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, >f If
KEARNY AND WASHINOTON STS.-RmT
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAUDitco,
I European plan. Kooms 60« to »1 60 per day, tJ
to 9& per week, $8 to tM per monta: tree '<itiaj-
. bot and cold water over/ room; tin gr»l«* M
•very room: elevator tain tMnuhi
NOTARY PUBLIC.
I pHARLES H. PHILLIf-. ATTORNEY- AT.
i \J l*w »ad Notary Public, 638 WarKet st., odoo.
•lte Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kealdenca ltufl
I i'tU urtau . Telephone - tta« " asei. ■