VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 49.
PLAN TO CHECK
TREASURY RAIDS
Proposed Bill to Fix the
Number of Legislative
Attaches
Would Prevent the Paying of
Ten Men to Do the
Work of One.
The So-Called Scandal at the Capitol
May Result in a Restrictive
Enactment.
SACRAMENTO. Cat,., Jan. 17.— This
was the dullest Sunday noted in legisla
tive circles since the session opened. Few
members were lefi in town, and moat of
them were of the stay-at-home kind.
The so-called legislative scandal will be
settled to-morrow by the report of the
Committee on Attaches and Employes in
the A&Eembly. The committee i* expected
to report exonerating Chief Clerk Duck
worth from all blame and presenting a
bill restricting the number of employes
that n.ay be appointed on organization.
From a statement made to-night by Mr.
Duckworth it appears that a general mis
understanding exists concerning the mat
ter of the organization of the Assembly.
In the first place, the clerk says that the
attaches appointed by him at the request
of nearly ail the members were appointed
to serve during the organization only.
The Assembly completed its organization
in one day, and at the close of that day
the term of the employes on the tempo
rary rollcall came to an end. They were
no longer attaches or employes of the
Assembly.
Their compensation amounted to $620,
but on the next day the Assembly voted
them an allowance for one week. Tne
Vote was unanimous. This action ran the
bill up to something more that $4000. The
payroll was certified to as correct by
Speaker Coombs, and upon that the Con
troller drew the warrants.
Wesley Dixon, whose name appears on
the roll, was not in Sacramento at all.
The chief clerk explained this by saying
that Mr. Dixon was a total stranger to
him. He had never seen him, but had
appointed him on the recommendation of
a -member from Alameda. The person
who had secured D:xon's appointment
failed to notify him. Dixon did not come
to .Sacramento and the warrant forhispay
was never cashed, but remains in the
Ti-.. iiaprf ?.rs,
lurtner, irom Mr. Duckworth's statement
tnat nearly ailtue A?semblynien requested
him to appoint friends on the temporary
roll, and these Assemblymen did not
think that they were eighty in number,
and that if each of them nut a man on the
roll there would be eighty employes draw
ing pay for services which could be per
formed by ten.
•'I have placed men on the temporary
roll at the request of Democrats," said
Mr. Duckworth, "and nobody has made
any complaint except Shanahan and Dry
den."
The foregoing statement of the chief
clerk makes it plain that the system un
der which the legislature has been organ
ized is so loose as not to deserve the name
of system at all. It is clear that the first
work of the Legislature should be to make
it impossible, by the passage of the neces
sary bill, for such a thing to occur again.
It is not the tirst time that it has occurred.
The temptation to give hungry camp
followers a job tor a week was too strong.
Tbe town was full oi them from all parts of
the State, and when an Assemblyman was
indebted in the same rleeree for political
favor.-! to two of his constituents and could
appoint only one to a clerksbip. he settled
the matter by having Mr. DutKwoth place
the other on tne temporary list. Thus
hi? political obligation was paid out of the
contingent fund of the Assembly.
The number of men nece-sary for the
purposes of the organisation oi the Legis
lature is as well known as the hour and
the minute on which toe sun will rise to
morrow, and it would be tne easiest thing
in the world to pass a law fixing the num
ber of temporary attache?. Then the As
semblyman who had promised the same
job to two men would have to face the
muMc and ray the tiddler.
The Democrats in ihe Senate have not
improved since the party received such a
• ira-<tnng at the hands of the people in
the last campaign, ana placed themselves
on record in the iirst weetc of the session
as opposed to the protection of the pro
ducer* and laborer? of this Slate from the
Tuinous competition of cheap foreign
labor. It is almost unthinkable that
Americans should object to the shutiing
out of foreign competition which has
closed fo muny factories in the Kasr, and
it is unthinkable that Californmns should
vole aeain?t n resolution protecting the
industries of this SUitf from competition
with European ami Asiatic product?. Yet
this is what the Democratic beaatore did
The Morning Call.
Father Time Not Pleased With Scenes at the Golden Eagle Hotel, Sacramento*
on the first Thursday of the session. Here
is the record :
Senator Smith offered the following
resolution and moved its adoption :
Whkreas, The Committee on Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives is now
engaged In revising the tariff laws of the coun
try for the purpose of providing sufficient rev
| enues to meet the needs of the Government.
; as well as to afford protection to American mi
i dustries; and, whereas, the agricultural, nar
i ticullursl, pastoral, mining and manufactur
ing industries of California are vitally inter
i ested in receiving protection from the
j competition of foreign products; therefore beit
Sesolred, By the Senate of the S;ate of Cali
fornia, that we instruct our Senators and
request our Representatives in Congress to
I use their utmost endeavors to secure for our
I various industries the iull vieasure oi pro««r
: lion which, they deserve, to the and mat me j
{ producers and laborers of this State may be i
• shielded from the ruinous competition of
cheap foreign labor.
Whereas, California is but one State in this
: indissoluble union of forty- five States; and,
whereas, all laws of Congress should be equit
| able and fair to all the people ; therefore oe it
Retolved, That we cheerfully request for the
laborers on the farms and in the mines aud
| workshops of other States the same measure of
j protection which we ask lor those of Califor
nia.
The question recurring on the adoption
of the original resolution, the roll was
called and the resolution adopted by the
following vote:
Ayes— Senators Androus, Aram, Beard, Bert,
Bulla, Denison, Dickinson, Flint, Francfc, Gil
lette. Gleaves, Holloway, Jones, Laneford,
Linder, Luchsinger, Mahoney, Morehouse,
Pedlar, Shine, Shlppee, s-impson, Smith, t-trat
ton, Troutt, Voorheis. Withington and Wolfe—
28.
Noes— Senators Braunhart, Chapman, Doty.
Dwyer, Feeney, Hall, Henderson, Laßue.l'risk,
Seawell ana Toner— ll.
Every one of these except one (Lang
ford) voting to protect California labor
and California products was a Republican.
Every man voting in favor of European
manufacturers and laborers was a Demo
crat. How do the woolmen, the me
chanics and the fruit-growers feel who
voted to elect the Democratic Senators?
OPPOSES DIBBLE'S BILL.
Ex- Supervisor Bur-Hug to Sight for
I.ntivl Hill Cemetery.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 17.—Ex-Su
pervisor James W. Burling of San Fran
cisco arrived on the early train this even
ing to oppose the passage of Assembly bill
No. 9, introduced by Mr. Dibble of San
Francisco, as follows:
Secti on 1. Any person who, from and after
the Ist day of January Anno Domini 1900,
snail bury or Inter the body of any deceased
person within the limits of any Incorporated
city or city and county in this State having a
population exceeding 100,000 persons, as
shall appear by the then next preceding Na
tional census, is guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be punished by a fine of not less than
$100 nor more than $500, or by imprison
ment in the county jail for a period not less
than thirty days, nor more than ninety iays,
at the discretion of the court, or by both said
fine and imprisonment, as the court shall
adjudge.
Mr. Burling is a trustee of Laurel Hill
Cemetery and has three children buried
there among the 30,000 population of the
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 18, 1897.
THEIR PORTRAITS
SIDE BY SIDE
McKenna Next to McKin
ley in the Canton
Cottage Study.
} Smith and McCleary Strong
Possibilities for the Treas
ury Port 'olio.
A'ger's Friends Working Hard— West
Virginia Wants a Cab:n?t Piace.
A Diy of R-st.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. IV.— Tbe usual
quiet of Sunday at the McKinley home
was undisturbed to-day. Cabinet-making
ceased, the Major's study was deserted,
the litter of papers had disappeared and
the Presiden t-elect rested and went to
cburct.
Webb Hayes, a son of the late President,
dined with Mr. and Mrs. McKinley and
took a drive with them in the afternoon,
returning home an early evening train.
Now that Senator Sherman has accepted
the portfolio of State, publicinterest seems
to center upon the appointment of a Sec
retary of the Treasury. Charles Emory
Smith has been mentioned more fre
quently and considered in connection with
this position more than any one else to
the present time, but unoiher name has
been suggested which will also receive due
consideration at the hands of thy Presi
dent-elect. The other Treasury possibility
is Congressman J. M. McCleary of Min
nesota.
He attracted the attention of the Presi
dent-elect by his forcible speeches in Con
gress on the silver question. He was here
once during and once since the campaign.
Major McKinley is very favorably im
pressed with Mr. McCleary, who is a
Canadian by birth, and was an educator
before he went into politics. The Presi
dent-elect would be glad to find a suitable
man for Secreiary of the Treasury outside
of New York, in that no suspicion of com
plications with Wal^street muy attach to
him. Still, if the best man for the place
is clearly shown to be in New York, the
appointment will be made from that State.
The friends erf General Algpr, who was
here from time to time, are very hopeful
at present. He wants to be Secretary of
the Navy. Ihe Republican party of
Michigan has practically been consoli
dated in favor of General Alger, according
to Senator Burrows, and in this respect
be is a much stronger Cabinet possibility
than Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin or
ex-Governor Merriam of Minnesota, who
are opposed by influential factions in
their respective State?.
It is apparent to all careful observers
that Mr. Payne, ex-Governor Mer.-iam
and Governor Alger cannot all be ap
pointed to tho cabinet, for tho reason that
they come from the same section; so, if
Mr. Payne and Governor Merriam should
be dropped from the list o' possibilities,
the chances of ex-Governor Alger wouhi
be sreatly improved.
It is thought that the present week will
see the President-elect reach a deiinite
conclusion respecting the appointment of
a Cabinet officer from the Pacific Coast.
Judge Joseph McKenna is thought by
those much given to Cabinet speculation
to be in the lead. He served in Congress
with Major McKinley, ana was on the
Committee of Ways and Means with him.
There hangs in Major McKiuley's Study a
portrait of the members of the Ways
and Means Committee, of wnich Mr. Mc-
Kinley was chairman, and the man next
to the President-elect in the picture is
Joseph McKenna.
On the walls of the same room is a large
and handsome picture of Judge Nathan
Goff of West Virginia, who is one of the
strongest Cabinet possibilities.
An effort of persistency and vigor is be
ing made to secure the appointment to
the position of Secretary of Agriculture
of a West Virginia man. The name
heard most frrquentlv in this connection
is Congressman James Wilson of West
Virginia. Mr. Wilson is strongly indorsed
by many as a succe-sful farmer and busi
ness man. The President-elect is in no
baste in making this appointment, and it
may be one of the last agreed upon.
DIED OF HEART FAILURE.
Charles ' A. " Kirk, the Chicago Soap Manu
<iclurt- ex/uric' *' Ctoaf-n ffiifi fa
Great Efforts to Revve Him.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 17.— Charles A.
Kirk, partner in the firm of James S. Kirk
& Co., the big soap manufacturers of Chi
cago, died to-night at 10:15 o'clock at the
Paxton Hotel of heart failure.
He had been in the city since Friday,
but had made no complaint of ill-health
till yesterday aiiernoon, and, although no
serious results were anticipated, his
personal friends kept close watches after
they knew that Mr. Kirk had heart weak
ness, despite his rugged appearance. At
7 o'clock to-day they found him uncon
scious, having suffered an attack during
the hour previous. Every effort possible
was made to resuscitate him by nis physi
cians, and with such hope of success that
shortly after 1 o'clock one of them went
to lunch while the other began preparing
restoratives. Just as the patient seemed
about to revive, he suddenly collapsed at
10:15 without having regained conscious
ness.
in Chicago Mr. Kirk was known in pub
lic us an ex-Park Commissioner. He was
one of twelve members of ex-Chief Bade
noch'a staff at the time of his death and a
member of several prominent business and
social clubs. He resided on the North
Side.
A NNABEL'S FATHER DEAD.
The Man Who Complained of the Seeley
IHnner /» -*o il/or«.
NEW YORK, N, V., Jan. 17.— William
S. Moore, the theatrical agent, who was
the cause of Captain Chapman of the
Tenderloin station raiding the famous
Seeley dinner at Sherry's by reporting
that his stepdaughter Annabel, the
dancer, had been asked to do an im
modest dance, died at his residence in this
city this afternoon of pneumonia.
Moore was 52 years old and was born in
Philadelphia. He was at one time the
manager of the "Little Tycoon" opera
company and also acted as manager of
H. R. Jacobs' theaters and of Henry
Miner's .Eighth-avenue Theater in this
city. He was also manager of the Im
perial opera company.
Since the Seeley dinner Moore has been
greatly worried over the publicity that
came to him and his family over the
affair. Mrs. Moore thinks that it has
tened his death.
CZARINA SERIOUSLY ILL.
Absolute Itent and Quiet Accessary for
Her lircovery.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 17.— The Sunday
Times confirms the report of the illness of
the Czarina. It says that her condition,
which is very serious, has ended for the
present the hopes of the. birth of an heir.
To this fact was, due: the abandonment of
the usual receptions during the Russian
New Year week. Her physicians say that
it is necessary for her to take a long rest
at Livadia on the Czar's estates in South
ern Russia, where Czar Alexander 111
died in 1894. Here she can have perfect
quiet, which is a prerequisite to her re
covery. ■ •'-'■•■ ' . •
SCALES ACANCAGUA'S PEAK.
\ -
1 eat of a mtoiis Mountain Guide in the
. ~.,4 - Argentine -Republic
LONDON, Eng., Jan 17.— The Chronicle
has a dispatch from Mendosa, Argentine
Republic, f stating v that Zerbriggen, the ;
Swiss mountain guide, is accompany
ing the Fitzgerald expedition, : which went
to South America for the purpose of as
cending Mount* Arancapua, in the Andes,
reached the summit of •: that mountain on
Thursday. Th s jis" a feat that has never
before been accomplished. i. The -height of
the mountain i* stated, in the dispatch to
be 24,000 ftet above the level |of the sea,
but 'according to Proiessor Guyot its alti
tude is 22,422 feet. v
GALE OF HISSES
GREETS HIGH RATS
Chicago Audience Forces
Ladies to Sit Bare
headed.
One Plucky Woman Who Sat
Unmindful Nearly Caused
a Riot
Ex uting Scene in Co'.umb a Theater
During a Perlormance of
Sousa's "El Capitan."
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 17.— Hundreds of
excited and indignant theatergoers took
the high hat question into their own
hands to-night at the Columbia Theater
by hisses and yells that amounted to a
tumult.
They compelled every woman who was
present at the first nisht of Sousa's "El
Capitan" to sit bareheaded through the
performance — all but those in the boxes
and one woman in the parquet, who, in
spite of the yells and cat-cails that came
down at her from the balcony and gal
lery, Kept her wide-brimmed headgear on
all through the opera.
The noisy demonstration began before
the curtain went up for the first act and
continued until after the opera had be
gun, drowning out the music and, for a
few minutes, threatening to break up the
performance altogether.
Finally it was quieted by the ushers
when there were no more hats to come off,
and the play went on smoothly. The au
dience, however, was noisy all the even
ing, and the excitement did not subside
till after the people were outside the play
house.
The theater was packed when the trou
ble began from the top row of the gallery
to the front row of the orchestra. Nobody
knows who started the demonstration.
From the suddenness of the outburst it
might hare suggested itself to a hundred
persons at the same instant.
It began wiih yells of "bats off" that
were interspersed with hisses and groans
as some of the women showed a disposi
tion not to obey. When the hisses came
the hats in tue parquet and dress circle
went off as if they had been caught by a
sale behind.
REDMOND ON ENGLISH PRISONS.
The Member of Parliament Says They Are
the Most Brutal and Revolting
in the World.
LYNN, Mass., Jan. 17.— Hon. John E.
Redmond, M. P., who is visiting in this
city, was this afternoon tendered an in
formal reception by about 150 of the lead
ing citizens at the Clover Club.
Mr. Redmond, at the request of the
chairman of the reception committee, de
livered a brief address, in which he said
that what interested him in this country
was the prison system, which was far
ahead of England. Tha latter was, in his
opinion, the most brutal in the world, and
might be declared as a system of solitude
and silence. The entire system was so
brutal and revolting that it drove many
men insane from the tortures inflicted on
ihem.
"The treatment of the Irish political
prisoners in thi British prisons is some
thing too horrible to contemplate," he
said. 'Ori inally there were eightten of
these prisoners, but three of them died of
the hardships they underwent, and rive
were driven insane, two of the latter be
ing Dr. Gallagher and George A. White
head, who are now in this country in the
care of their friends."
Mr. Redmond said that he once visited
John Daly in Portland prison, and
through the cape broke to him the sad
news of the death of a very dear friend.
Daly broke down at the news, and when
he recovered Mr. Redmond wished to give
him a small photograph of the friend and
a lock of tiis hair, but the prison officials
would not allow it.
SURGEON'S KNIFE FOR THE CZAR.
Made Necessary by an Injury Received in
Japan on Hs Noted Trip Around
the World.
ST. PETERSBURG, Ru,sia, Jan. 17.—
Yesterday a sum'mona was 3ent to Berlia
for Professor Bergmann, the distinguished
Gernti-.n snrjfffon, \o corse to \his city no
perform an operation upon the Czar to
prevent the extension of an osseous ex
crescence which has appeared in the
region of the cranium. •
This trouble is due to the blow inflicted
by a fanatical Japanese when he was
traveling in Japan in 1891.
His Majesty was visiting the town of
Otsa on May 11 of that year, when he was
making a tour of the world, and was set
upon by the fanatic, who would probably
have inflated more serious injuries had it
not been for Prince George of Greece, who
accompanied his Majesty, and who
knocked the assailant down. This osseous
growth, which Professor Bergmann will re
move, has, combined with overwork,
caused the attacks of from which
the Czar has suffered for some time.
RUDD SMITH ASPHYXIATED.
Late of a Journalist Known Throughout
the € ounfry.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Rudd
Smith, a well-known newspaper man, was
found dead in bed this morning at the
Putnam House, Twenty-sixm street and
Fourth avenue, death having been caused
by asphyxiation.
Mr. Smith had gone to the hotel about
1:30 and wns assigned to a single room on
the third floor. He was shown to his
room at once and that was the last seen of
him alive. Mr. Smith's associates are ot
the opinion that death was due to an ac
cident. He was apparently in good spirits
and licht-hearted and so far as known, in
perfect healtu.
Mr. Smith was 38 years old and had
been in newspaper work in New Yorfc and
in the West lor fifteen years. He was a
brother of Ballard Smith, the European
correspondent. Mr. Smith was one of the
telegraph editors of the Journal.
THIS MAID MAKES DENIAL.
Mrs. Boyd Bobbrtl of $fiOOO Worth of
Diamonds While in Society.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 17.— Mrs.
Goodwin Boyd of 320 Fifth avenue was
robbed last nieht, as alleged, by her
French maid of $6000 worth of diamonds
and jewelry.
Mrs. Goodwin Boyd went to a social
function last night and when she returned
home at an early hour this morning she
found that the desk in which she kept the
diamonds had been broken open and the
jewelry taken.
The maid, who, it is said, intended to
sail for France next Saturday, was ar
rested this morning and remanded for ex
amination to-morrow. ■ The jewelry has
not been recovered and the woman denies
her guilt.
ROBBERS WRECK AND KILL.
Fatal Attempt to 11 Id Up a Train Aear
Italian, 3 ex.
DALLAS. Tex , Jan. 17.— The through
express from St. Louis on the Iron Moun
tain and Texas Pacific route, due at Dallas
at 6:20 A. M , was wrecked last night at the
little station of Forest, Cass County, Tex.
Engineer Cleininons had both legs broken,
and sustained other injuries, so severe
that he died this afternoon. His home
wns at Mass Hall, Tex.
The express messenger is reported as
fatally hurt, and a postal-route agent se
riously injured. The wreck was the work
of tiain-wreckers, who had piled crossties
on the track. Half a dozen oi more pas
sengers are reported injured, but none
fatally.
The Assyrian ot Damaged.
PHILADKLPHIA, Pa.. Jan. 17.— The
Allan line steamer Assyrian, which went
ashore below here in the Delaware Kiver
last Friday, lightered part of her cargo
and moved off without damage. As hoon
as her cargo has been reloaded the Assy
rian will proceed on her voyage to Glas
gow.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBANS IN NEED
OF AMMUNITION
Maceo's Successor Makes a
Statement of the
Situation.
Plenty of Men, but No Rifles or
Pcwder With Which to
Equip Them.
Still Able lo Harass the Enemy, How
ever, and Hopeiul of Takin?
Havana.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 17.— The Globe to
day publisnes a lengthy letter from a
special correspondent sent to Pinar del
Rio to substantiate the reported death of
Maceo and to present the actual facts
bearing on the situation among the insur
gents in that province in Cuba. The letter
was !-ent from San Cajento on January 10,
and at the outset says that unless assist
ance of many kinds come to the rebels in
this province within the next month or
six weeks, there will be no rebels to assist.
Oi the force that Maceo h;id when he
made his second invasion only a r. muant
of 650 remain, umier the command of
Brigadier-General Rivera, says the writer.
Rivera, who has received no intim.ition
that he is to succeed Maceo, is practically
in hiding on the northern coast with bis
force, who are without ammunition and
without hope practically. General Rivera
warmly greeted the writer and discussed
at length the situation. The best jaews he
had to give is as follows:
"I do not wish to criticize our friends in
the United States, but our forces in Pinar
del Rio have been somewhat neglected.
We have been depending upon our strat
egy and knowledge of the province to keen
us out of serious trouble. We have a
dynamite gun and two shell pieces, but
for some time past we have had no am
munition for them. We are not in need
of men at all. You may think this is a
strange statement as you look about and
see my command of only a few hundred
But In Cuba the whole native population
is with us, and I am continent an army of
50,000 could be placed in Havana province
before winter is over if we but had the
arms and ammunition to g»ve ttie men.
"The natives are ready and willing to
die for our cause, but we are not ready or
crazy enough to face the enemy's bullets.
Give us 10,000 rifles and a fuppiy of am
munition and w« will whip Weyler and
hid trocha.
"The force with which Maceo entered
the province has not been killed off by the
enemy. It was disbanded because it be
came unwieldy and could not be handied
with advantage to ourselves. As it is, I
am able to keep 40,000 or 50,000 troops of
the enemy warring ana yet not suffer any
serious loss. The enemy hai concen
trated all its attention upon tnis province,
and while we have not suffered in a last
ing way we demonstrated that we could
remain in the province and fool a big
army and many generals. While Weyier
lias directed ail his efforts against us,
Gomez has been preparing for his march
westward. Gomez will enter Matanza3
with a much larger number of men ilian
were in the combined lorces last year, and,
you mark me, he wili sweep Havana
as well."
MACEO'S DEATH A CERI AINTY.
Mo Longer a Dnubt as to the Intrepid
Ufirrior's Fate.
NEW YORK, H. V., Jan. 17.— A Tribune
special from Jacksonville, Fia., say*,:
A letter was received here on Friday
from Colonel Andre Hernandez, now in
command of the Cuban army eucampeJ
near Havana, giving the true account of
Maceo's death and his subsequent burial.
As he says that he was in command of
the Cuban detachment that recovered the
boly from Major Cirujeda's command
and afterward buned it his statement
settles the matter. The letter was yen t to
J. A. Huau, the foreign representative of
the New York Cuban junta. It came
through the "underground" channel. It
is dated January 9, from the "encamp
ment near Havana." After extending to
Mr. Huau tturnks for past favors the letter
goes on:
It was on December 7 that we suffered a
great misfortune in the tragic death by am
bush of oar leader, Maceo. This is the great
est misfortune we have buffered siuce the be
ginning of the war, but it only encourages us
to fight the harder and avenge his death. We
were encainped^near the fight that day and
heard the firing. Maceo came across the
trocha, unknown to us, with but forty men.
More than 1500 Spaniards, who had been in
formed of his trip, anibu:>hed him. He rode
into it and was snot at the first tire.
We heard the firing, and ihinting that some
of our friends were attacked by the Spanbh
guerillas started off «t once to their aid,
though we bad but 400 men. When we
reached the scene of the slaughter it was
mostly over, and then we were tola that
Maceo was dead and that the enemy had his
body tieJ to a horse's tail and were taking it
cff. Oar men were perfectly frantic over the
report and begged to be led against the
Spaniards. We dashed forward with ilrawu
machetes, and what a fight that wa< !
The Span i'lrds met us and the encounter was
horrible. Our men fought to kill, only bent
on avenging .viaceo. Our trusty and sharp
machetes fell with regularity aud I think we
killed more than 200 of the euemy ; and what
is more, we had the consolation of recovering
the body of our beloved leader, Maceo. The
Spaniards fought hard to regain It, charging
Keep
Your blood pure, your appetite good and your
digestive orgiins in healthy condit.on at this
season, and thus avoid serious illness.by taking
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HrtrkH ' cPi 1 1 « cure nause ». indigestion^
nOOU S tr Ills biliousness. 25 c«nta.2
on us repeatedly, but our machetes were too
much for them and they sullenly retired.
Our little force suffered terribly. Our
cavalry, which went in eighty strong, came
out with only twenty-two men, and the infan
try suffered almost in the same proportion.
But for all that we were consoled by the fact
that our brave brothers gave up their lives in
a good cause aud to save the body of our
lamented Maceo from the desecration the
Spaniards would hav3 Inflicted. We buried
the body in a secret and secure place. Only
myself &nd a few selected officers know the
place. In due time it will be marked.
IJIf known now, the murderous Spaniards
would try to get It and parade it to show lhe.it
great triumph. •
Poor Maceo sleeps, but his brothers remain
to avenge him. I have a great many impor
tant things to tell you in connection with this,
but Ido not care lo put them in this, as I am
not sure this letter will get through safely.
ANDRE HERNANDEJ,
Lieutenant-Colonel Kegiment Guerra, Com
manding Department of Havana.
FORTIFYING THE CITIES.
Spaninrdt Are Thriven from the Country
in All Direction*.
TAMPA, Fla., Jan. n.-Passengers by
the Olivette brine news of the revolution
in Cuba. Forto Principe and Santiago
are practically in the hands of the Cu
bans, the Spaniards not daring to leave
their fortresses except under the protec
tion of a strong escort. In fact the whole
eastern portion of the island is now under
the government of the Cubans.
Weyler permits nothing against his in
terest to pass his censorship, but it now
comes out that the 200 wounded men sent
into Havana last week were the result of
an attack made on the trocha, twenty
miles from Havana by a Cuban column.
It is now ascertained that the Cuban
general, Jose Maria Aguirre, died of pneu
monia at El Inglis, in the Province of
Havana on the 2Uth ultimo.
The Spaniards are driven from the
country into the cities and are fortifying
tnem. They continue the work day and
night at Havana. On Sunday morninc,
before the Olivette left, the Spaniards
were out practicing with heavy artill ery.
The stories published in tn.l3 country
that the rebel leaders are ready to treat on
the basis of autonomy are denounced as
slanders on Cuban manhood.
They are emphatic in the statement
that the Cubans will never accept any
thing at the hands of Spain but absolute
independence. Gomez has never author
ized anything to the contrary.
It is reported that Fondevila continues
to butcher pacificos at Guanaoacoa.
A large body of insurgeu;s under Cas
tillo and Delgado is reported near Havana.
It is also reported that General Caluto
Garcia hes defeated General Segura, in
flicting n lo<s of 500 ki.led and wounded
on the Spaniards.
CUBANS ARRIVE AT KINGSTON.
Sear Uigpatche* hat Are Detained for
Vbxerwtion.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 17.— Seven
Cubans, including Senor Scuvenell, have
arrived here, bringing dispatches from
Cuba. In accordance with the quarantine
regulations they are detained for observa
tion.
Rumors continue to reach here tfcat
Maceo, the rebel leader, is still alive. It
Rumors continue to reach here t! at
Maceo, the rebel 'eader, is still alive. It
is said that he was desperately wounded
in the engagement in which he was re
ported t« have been killed, but that he
is now fmproving.
Advices have reached here to the effect
that Maximo Gomez, the insurgent com
mander-iu-chief, now has his forces com
pletely equipped, and is prepared to open
a vigorous campaign against Captain-Gen
eral "SYeyler. ,
SHERMAN MISREPRESENTED.
Has Aot Made Sta<ement» Attributed to
Him I • (inrding Cubit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.-Sena
tor Sherman said to-night, with regard to
certain alleged interviews with him on the
Cuban question, tnat he had not made any
statement that could be construed as an
indication of the policy of the incoming
administration on that matter. Insofar
as this appeared in the press dispatches
lie had been erroneous! v quoted.
PLAN 10 ChECK
TRE'SURY BUfDS
Continued from Fir it Pave
dead. In Calvary Cemetery adjoining are
50,000. The living relatives of these do not
Want to have their graves disturbed and
desire to have the privilege of being buried
beside them. On the other hand the resi
dents of the Richmond district, a rapidly
growing quarter of the county, object to
the further interment of the dead at their
very iioor, so to speak, and urge sanitary
reasons ior their objection.
Mr. Burling says that he traveled
through Europe three years ago and that
interments are made daily in Mi. an, Italy,
and in Pere La Chaise Cemetery, in the
heart of Paris. He will appear belore the
committee on Wednesday.
FOR RESTRAINING DAMS.
Members From. mining Counties Ask for
an Appropriation.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., J%n. 17.— Four
years ago the Legislature appropriated
$250,000 to be expended in building re
straining dams to hold mining debris.
The money was allowed on condition that
Congress should expend an equal amount
to protect the navigable streams. Subse
quently Congress appropriated an equal
sum. The State appropriation, however,
has lapsed, and the members represent
ing the mining counties now insist on a
reapproiiriation of the money. They con
tend that the reappropriatJon measure
BQouifl take precedence of the bill allow
ing $300,000 for dredging the lower rivers.
The money allowed by Congress cannot
be used unless the Slate comes forward
with an equal amount.
The indications are that the two bills,
allowing in the aggregate $550,000, will be
passed and approved.
To Brand Ptrison- Made Goods.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. 17.— Bills
will be introduced in both Houses of the
Legislature to-morrow, requiring that
articles of merchandise manufactured by
convict labor of oiher States shall be
branded as "prison manufactured" goods
when exposed for bale in California, The
traffic in prison-made goods is said to be
very large in San Francisco.
Ha rris Leads Over St. John.
TOPEKA. Kas., Jan. 17.—Ex-Congress
man W. A. Harris is conceded to be in
the lead for United States Senator. A
new and strong candidate was announced
last nipht, however, in ex-Governor John
P. St. John. Though a Prohibitionist of
national standing, he is in accord with the
Populists, and may slip in as a compro
mise.
The Pope Approves Arbitration.
"LONDON, Ekgland, Jan. 17.— The Rome
correspondent of the Chronicle telegraphs
that the Pope expressed the utmost satis
fac ion upon hearing ol the signing of the
Anglo-American arbitration treaty.
He said he had hoped the Papacy would
be the permanent tribunal of arbitration
for all nations, but was grauh'ed that the
principle of arbitration had been adopted
by Great Britain and America.
FURTHER TIME
FOR THE SULTAN
The Powers Unable to Agree
Upon a Plan of In
tervention.
Incessant Festivity Follows the
Opening of the Season
at Berlin.
Embassador ITil Gives a Court Recep
tion—The Fuic;ioi Is Conducted
With Great Pomp.
[Copyright, 1897, by ihe United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 17.— Under in
structions from ihe foreign committee,
Baron yon Jeltsch, German Embassador
to the Porte, has driven persistent support
to M. Nelidoff, the Russian Embassador,
throughout the series of Enibassadorial
conferences held in Constantinople whicli
are to be terminated, but in the discussion
of the financial and administratis'e re
forms proposed by M. Nelidoff, however,
Baron Saurma has taken no prominent
part.
M. Cambon and Sir Philip Currie, re
spectively French ami British Embassa
dors, are understood to have obtained im
portant amendments to Russia's pro
posals, which have now received the assent
of the European Governments. These
Embassadors have advocated a distinct
plan of enforcement of the decision of tne
powers and argue that the presentation of
the reform measures to the Sultan should
be accompanied by an explicit declaration
that the powers are prepared to enforce
them by sea and land.
The report is entirely credited in official
and diplomatic quarters here that. Sir
Pliilip Currie placed before theEmbassa
dors a fully matured project of naval aiid
military operations designed to cover the
occupation of Constantinople, the Darda
nelles and Bo3pborus and also to overawe
the Moslem population in the all too
probable event of arising and attempted
massacre.
To any consideration of coercion Baron
Saurma took a decided st >nd in opposi
tion. The Kaiser obviously continues to
bold that the Sultan must be trusted to
carry out the reforms and that his sover
eign rights should not be interfered with.
M. Nelidoff profes>ed ro unwillingness to
agree to the principle of coercion, but op
posed the English proposals on the ground
that they were premature and that the
Suiian mubt have time in wbicn to act.
At this time communications are in
progress between the powers. The Gov
ernments seem to think that the Kaiser's
opposition to coercion will disappear if
France and Russia will consent to act,
and London i* negotiating directly with
Pans and St. P t<>r:-burg. Under uo cir
cumstances will Russia assent to armed
interference until the spring is well ad
vanced, the Black Sea ports unobstructed
by ice and the roa Is and rivers in South
ern Russia in condition. It is a winter of
almost unprecedented mildness tn South
ern Russia, beirjg as warm as early spring
in Odessa, and navigation between Nico
laieff and Kherson is still open ; but it is
not a part of the present Russian policy
to permit concerted armed intervention
in Tnrkey. The Sultan will .et time and
take it.
The Berlin season is now in full swing
and the past week has been one of almost
incessant festivity. The reception given
to the members of the court at the United
States Ambassy by Ambassador Uhl was
a magnificent function. The ha. l was re
splendent with brllino /uniform^ and the
costumes of jeweled labile?, wnnse dia
monds presented a mo3t d^zzlin^ contract.
Embassador Uhl, who stood in the
librarary, was suppored on either side by
Messrs. I. B. Jackson and H. C. Pquire *
respectively first and E econd secretaries of
the American embassy, while the official
introducer of the German court, ilerr
yon Usedom, as isted by Major Tempsko
and Court Chamberlain yon Combrona,
presented tne diplomat! to the court of
licials. When the ladies were presented
Embassadur Uhl advanced several -teps
to meet them. After the formality of
shaking hands with the gue-ts, Mr. Uhl
led thpm into the adjoining salmon, where
Mrs. Uhl awaited them. Mrs. Tj'hl had
for her supporters her daughters Lucy
and Alice, the former of whom was re
cency married to Professor Guy Thomp
son of Yale University. Coumess yon
Schwanenfeld presented the ladies to Mrs.
Uhl, and the mastpr of ceremonies, Count
yon Kanitz, and Baron yon Rowlerer
presented the gentlemen.
The guests in attendance included all of
the foremn Embas-sador-", with their « ives,
the leading members of the foreign em
bassies, leading officials of the Foreign
Office, members of the German Ministry
and many high military • ili rials.
Foilowin^the reception at the American
embassy came Count Wedel«ky's nuptial
eve, given upon the occasion of the mar
riage of his daughter to Count Johann yon
Bi-marck-Bohlen of the First Regiment of
Foot Guards. The Emperor was present
at the wadding dinner and presented the
bride with a costly porcelain table.
On Tuesday there was a reception at the
French enit as y similar to that given by
Embasador Uhl, tollowed by a dinner,
and a number of balls and other functions
occurred during the week. »
To-morrow will be the festival day of the
Black Eagle order, which will bring to
gether as notable an assemblage of high
military and other dignitaries as Germany
can produce.
On Wednesday a grand court will be
held by their imperial Majesties in the
royal castle, and on the Kaiser's birth
day, January 27, there will be a reception
at the royal castle, followed by a banquet
and a gala opera performance at the Royal
Theater.
On Wednesday, February 3, the Kaiser
and Kaiserin will give a eranrt ball in the
castle. On Ffebruarv 10 their Majesties'
grand ball will take place.
A popular subscription ball is fixed for
February 17 in the Royal Opera-house; on
the following Wednesday another private
ball will be eiven at tbie castle, and on
March 2 a grand maskedjball will be given,
with which the Kaiser and Kaiserin pn>
pose to conclude their Berlin season.
There is also to be an unusual 3trearn
of aristocratic functions. Many well
known princely families who were ab
sentees last season owing to discord with
the Kaiser and nis entourage, have reap
peared, and Berlin court tradesmen are
rejoicing thereat.
The trial of Major Baron yon Tausch,
formerly chief of the political police, on
charges of forgery an<l perjury, will not
begin bofore the end of March. Al
most daily new witnesses are coming for
ward and new charges are cropping nip.
A rather sensational article in the Staats
BergerZeitung seeks to prove that one of
the principal informers against Tausch is
the Berlin correspondent ol a Hanover
paper, Herr H. Keller, once a member of
the staff of the Tagebiatt. The Staats
bureer Zeitung asserts that Herr Keller,
besides "rounding" on Tausch, set to
work to implicate in the case other Berlin
journalists who were in no way connected
with. it. The article reflects the petty
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
Senators Stratton, Dickinson and Seawell, Who Will Look After the Code Commission
jealousies, if not the corruption, prevalent
in the ranks of Berlin journalists.
It is not surprising that the report gains
credit that the Kaiser has set his face
against the whole system of official and
semi-official journalism, and has r^que ted
all Ministers and leading officials to cease
communication with reporters of news
papers. If greater latitude were allowed
to the expression of opinion in the press
and actions for lesa majeste less easily
brought the disappearance of "inspired"
articles would be beneficial. Ministers
have so long been accu-tonied to supply
j certain papers with views, upon the ap
pearance of which other papers waited
for the keynote of attack or defense, as
to make thp entire cessation of the inspir
ation very embarrassing to some journal
ist.
The reception of Count Goluchowski,
Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs, by
the Emperor and Chancellor Prince yon
Hohenlohe on Saturday was of the moat
cordial character, and it is believed that
the assurance-* which lie will receive in re
gard to the status of the Dreibund powers,
in v ! ew of certain European complica
tion*, the pronosed increase of armaments
and other matters, to obtain full informa
tion upon which was the purpose of his
visit, will be entirely satisfactory to the
Austrian Government.
The report of the appointment of Count
Mr.ravifff. who is known to be an ardent
I friend of France and a pronounced Ger
| manophobo, to the office of Russian Mm
I i«ter of Foreign Affairs, has been made
the subject of an unworthy and very un
dienified discussion in the German press,
winch was obviously under the influence
of a scare. The scare is now subsiding,
however, as tne anno"ncement of Count
Muravipff's appointment in the St. Peters
burg Official Mes*encer discloses the fact
that he has merely been nppointed
"Gerant" ot the Foreign Otfire. and is not
\ officially styled Minister of Foreign Af
' fairs as the late Prince Lobanoff wa«.
The appointment of a successor to Prince
; Lobanoff, the Messenger says, r main 3in
suspense. The fact is now recognized
that thf promotion of Count Muravieff
n?ed not excite the least d-gree of dis
qnietudp in Germany.
The number of German royalties who
a'e already booked lor attendance at th •
; Qtieon's jubilee in Englai d includes a
i large list of names figurine In the Alma
i nach fie Gotha. It is in consonance with
the expressed desire of Empress Frederick
that there = hall be the fullest attendance
of Qieen Victoria's German relatives. The
throe eldest of the imperial princes will go
w'th the Kai-er. The Grand Duke and
Dufhesi of Hp=sp, the Crown Prince and
Princess of Roumania and the Saxe-
Coburg and Mecklenbnrg-Strelitz families
will attend thp celebration. The Czar with
the Czarina, if nor health permits, and
sevpral princes of Denmark will also take
part in "he London fp'-tivities, bin the
Emperor of Auvria will not be present.
The opposition of the produce bourses
to the no* bour-6 laws is still confined to
th° exchanges of Prussia proper. Opera
tions through the Berlin, Breslan, Ptettin
end Daizis organizations procped, out
the record of dealings by no means comes
up to that of the same oeriod in 1896. The
stock bourses are al«o feeling the pinch of
thp new laws most acnteiv. I f the dimi
nution of transactions continues the
brokers agree that B rlin will lose her po
sition as an international market for se
curities and become merely a sort of
minor local bourse.
Herr Geisin, editor of the Frankfort
Gazette, who wa« rec-ntly arrested for re
fusing to disclose the identity of th«
author of an article published in hia
pater containing insulting reference to
Emperor, has been released. The offense
of the writer was le«e majeste, but the
officials were unsuccessful in their efforts
to induce Herr Geisin to disclose the au
thor of the article and the matter was
dropped.
The edict dissolving the Austrian
Reichsratb is likely to be issued on the
31st in«t., the negotiations to close by the
enl of March and the Reichsrath to assem
ble the first week in May.
BUSINESS BEFORE CONGRESS.
Appropriation Bills Awaiting Action by the
Senate — Morgan Will Talk on
the Pacific Roads.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.—Appro
priation bills will demand the attention
of t c Senate this week. The army bill
has been reported and the military
academy bill will be reported this week.
Senator Morgan will probably address
the Senate committee on his bill for the
appointment of Government trustees to
operate the Pacific roads until the Govern
ment's claim is settled.
The Nicaraguan hill, in accordance with
the decision of the Republican steering
bill committee, will be m;ide the business
for Monday. The guarantee of the canal
oonds will be antagonized by Messrs.
Turpie, Vest, Teller and others.
There is no other indication of any in
tention to call up the Cameron resolution.
The resolution of Mj. Sherman on thsi
subject since the formal announcement of
his acceptance of the State Department
portfolio are looked upon by his associates
as a request from the incoming adminis
tration that nothing should be done pend
ing its accession io power.
Several influential Senators who were
previously charged vr.th being "jingoes"
have since their visit to Canton become
very conservative and no one on the Re
publican side of the chamber is wanting
action of any kind in respect to the war in
Cuba.
The extradition treaties between the
United States and the Orange Free State
and Argentine Republic will probably be
dispose^ of this week and the remainder
of the time will be devoted to clearing up
unobjectionable bills on the calender.
In'tbe House of Representatives no pro
gramme of business has been arranged ex
cept a Virginia contested election case.
It is the expectation of th« committee of
rules that during the week the Indian ap
propriation bill will be considered.
Ex-Consul Contencen Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.—Cheva
lier Louis Contencen, ex-Consul to the
Two Sicilies and one of the most promi
nent Italian merchants in the city, died
at 10 o'clock to-night at bis residence in
this city, of appendicitis, from. which he
had suffered but a few days.
HID HIMSELF
IN A HAYMOW
Castler's Terrible Revenge
on His Wife's
Betrayer.
Fred Smith, a Noted Racehorse
Trainer, Beaten Till Nearly
Insane.
' He Boarded a Train and Fled to N w
Yprk-The Young Wife's Faih.r
a Farmer.
SOMERVILLE, N. J., Jan. 17.— Fred
Smith, a well-itnown turfman and assist
ant trainer of two great pacers, John R.
Gentry and Robert J, was murderously
assaulted at bis appartments in tbe stables
of Lewis G. Tewksbury, at this place, at
an tarly hour this morning by George
Castler, manager of the Ahred de Cardova
stocK-f trm.
Castler applied to a local Justice at mid
night for a warrant for the arrest of Smith,
who, he alleges, was intimate with his
wife.
The Justice refused to issue the warrant,
as Castler bad not sufficient proof of the
man's guilt.
Castler, accompanied by his father-in
law, then went to Smith's apartments.
Castler, who is a man of phenomenal
strength, broke Smith's nose with a single
blow.
He then grasped him by the throat and
continued his assault with terrible effect,
and would have killed his victim but for
the timely interference of the stablemen.
Smith escaped to a neighboring stable,
where he concealed himself m the hay
mow. W.en discovered by his friends he
was in a pitiable condition. Castler was
still searching for him. Smith's friends
dressed his wounds and hurried him out
of town in a close 1 carriage. He boarded
a train at Bound Brook for New York
City.
At the Bound Brook station be created
a sensation by mistaking an approaching
carriage containing two men for Castler
and bis father-in-iaw. He gave a yell and
sprinted down the track and jumped over
bark-yard femes in his attempt to escape
from his imaginary enemy.
Castler's wife is the daughter of a well
to-do farmer, who wept to-day as he told
the story of his daughter's waywardness.
ELECTRICAL STORM IN OHIO.
Heavy Thunder and Vivid Lightning Cause
Consternation Among the People
of Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 17— At 5:35
this evening the people of Cleveland were
startled by an electrical storm which
would have been unusual even in
ni dsummer, but coming as it
did in midwinter, it created
consternation, especially amone the
superstitions, for U'htning was vivid, and
the thunder loud ana unusually severe.
This thunderstorm in January was ac
companied by a h avy rainfall, almost as
heavy as the worst siorra last summer.
Just before the electrical storm the at
mosphere became so warm that windows,
were opened and overcoats discarded.
The cold wave signal is now up, anl the
promise is made that it will be 35 degrees
colder Monday morning.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Jan. 17.— A great
storm has been raging in Minne-oia and
the Dakotas for the past iwenty-eiirht
hours, and to-night the temperature is
dropping one degree an hour. The fall of
snow has been very heavy and the wind
has rased furiously.
No trains northwest of St. Paul are run
ning on schedule time. Southern and
Eastern trains left here on time to-night,
but with slight prospects of getting
through. No trains have been operated
on the Great Northern between Huron, S.
Dale., and Benson, Minn., for two weens.
All Northern Minnesota points report
the temperature from 10 to 20 below zero.
The thermometer here registered 10 below
•at 11 :30 o'clock to-night, with prospects ol
growing much colder this morning.
MUS&EGON, Mich., Jan. 17.— A steady
downpour of rain which fell to-day has
formed into a gale to-night, and the wind
is blowing off Lake Michigan forty miles
an nonr.
The rain did an immense amount of
damage, as it caused Muskegon Lake to
overflow its banks and h>s covered hun
dreds of acres of celery fields with water.
The ice in the lake is breaking up and is
expected to go out to-night.
OVER 7000 ARE INVITED.
A Great Convention of Manufacturers Will
Be Held Late This Month at
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 17.—Postal
card returns thus far received at the office
of tbe National Association ot Manufac
turers indicate that a very large propor
tion of the entire membership of the asso
ciation will be in attendance atthe second
annual convention of the association,
whicu will be held la Philadelphia Jauu
ary 26, 27 and 28. Over 250 members have
already signified their intention of being
present, and this number of delegates will
be largely increased.
Invitations have been sent to over 7000
manuaciurers, ouiside the members of
the a-/ociation, for the purpose of making
this convention a general gathering of
nanuiacturers from all sections of the
country and representing all the branches
of industry.
Attendance of non-members will be un
usually large, as shown by the replies
already received from those who have
definitely decided to be present. The con
vention will be essentially a brief one, and
the programme has been made up with
thia in view.
Many matters of importance to the man
ufacturing interests of the country will be
di.~cu i -sed in the convention, and some
time will be devoted to the foreign trade
of the United States. One feature of par
ticular interest in this connection will be
a symposium on methods of furthering
foreign trade, which will embrace a num
ber of brief addresses of an eminently
practical character, by membersof the as
sociation who have recently visited vari
ous foreign countries, on business.
MASON'S CHANCES GROW LESS.
Ntw Lightning Rods Stuck Up at Spring
fiild fcr the Senatorial
Thunderbolt.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan 17. -With the
selection of the membersof the Houseand
Senate, and the appearance on the scene
of two new candidates, the Senatorial ii^li t
becins to assume again the heated char
acter that prevailed at the end of the
week.
The two men are General Calhoun and
Albert J. Hopkins. Neither of these gen
tlemen I as formally announced bis can
diaacy, but Hopkins will open headquar
ters to-morrow morning. It is now
apparent that a number of candidates are
counting on the inability of the caucus to
morrow night to name a candidate, and
hope to get the right transferred to the
floor of the General Assembly, trusiing to
luck to be in the pathway of the senatorial
thunderbolt when it strikes.
With the appearance of these two candi
date*, with a possibility of General John
McNulta entering the field, the chances
of William E. Mason grow less hopeful.
Mr. Muswn's strenpth lies principally in
the districts outside Chicago and the new
candidates are from the agricultural pre
cincts. Each will draw from Mason's
force, and the seventy - six supporters
claimed by Mason will be divided among
the new men. Mr. Hopkins starts out
with the support of his district, which
takes three from Mason, and the other
candidates will be backed by their repre
sentatives in the General Assembly. This
will take from Mason enou h to make his
selection uncertain in the caucus. It is
;i-se.-ted by old politicians that the caucus
cannot po«sibly settle the question.
The machine men think the Cook
County members wiil yet win, even if
they have to put up Governor Tanner as a
compromise candidate. There will be a
fuli caucus of the Republican members
to-morrow night, and it is hoped by the
Cook County delegates to have things so
arranged that their man will then be
finally decided upon, if it is proven con
clusively that Tanner cannot carry the
day.
With the contest in the General Assem
bly it will be anybody's tight, and a mem
orable contest is promised. Congressman
Hitt is conducting a quiet yet energetic
campaign, and his managers assert that
he is the strongest candidate, if the ques
tion is to be decided on merit. The can
didates for the Senatorship now number
fifteen. They are William E. Mason, Con
gressmen Lorimer and Hitt, Josepn Can
non, Walter Reeves, A. J. Hopkins. W. J.
Calhou , Job > M. Smytlie, Samuel W. Al
lerton, George Hunt. Clark E. Carr, W. H.
Harper, ex-Senator Farwell, General John
C. McNulta and ex-Governor Joseph W.
Filer. The Legislature meets at noon
Monday.
FIGHTING THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Competing Lin's Shorten the Time to the
City of Mexico ft// thirty Hour*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan 17.— The time be
tween the City of Mexico aud St. Louis is
to be shortened by nearly thirty hours.
The schedule by which this is to be ac
complished is now bdtng arranged by the
Iron Mountain, the Texas -md Pacific, the
International and Great Northern and the
Mexican .National roads, and it will prob
ably go into effect about February 15.
Unaer the new schedule the time between
St. Louis and San Antonio will be cut
down six hours. The lime is thirty-tire
hours.
These roads will inaugurate this new
schedule to protect themselves against
the new througii-trains service which will
be inauguraied out of San Antonio for St.
Louis to-night over the Southern Pacific,
the San Antonio and Aransas Pass and
St. Louis and San Francisco roads.
OUTLAWS ROB EMIGRANTS.
The Leader Recognized an George Taylor,
a. f>oted Murderer. ■
GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 17.— party of
emigrants, traveling from Missouri to
Oklahoma, were held ur> by outlaws in i
the Creefc reservation and robbed of
everything valuable, amounting to several
thousand dollars. = The leader of the gang
was recognized by the Missounans aa
George Taylor, the ; escaped murderer of
the Meeks family.
Positively Platt for the Senate.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 17.— Hon. Thomas
C. Platt will be formally elected United
Slates Senator at noon next Tuesday.
The Legislature will meet in joint session
in tbe Assembly hall for tbe purpose.
Chester S. Lord, the managing editor of
the New York Sun, will be elected regent
of the university at the same joint ses
sion.
Owner of Willard's Hotel Dead.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— Joseph
C. Willard, owner of toe well-known Wil
lard's Hotel, died at Ms residence, in this
city, aged SO years.
FRESNO'S FIREBUG
AGAIN AT WORK
Applies the Match to the
Presbyterian House of
Worship.
Blaze Discovered and Checked
Before Great Damage Is
Done.
Op?raticns of an Incendiary Who I*
latent on the Destruction of
Churches.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— An attempt
was made to-night to fire the temporary
house of worship constructed by the Pres
byterian congregation, at the corner of
Merced and X streets, since its magnifi
cent church on the same corner was de
stroyea a few months ago. It was a plain
eas- of incendiarism, and tends to prove
the suspicion that Fresno has a fiend
whose objects of destruction are the
churches of the city.
The blaze to-night was discovered before
it gained much headway, and the depart
ment quickly extinguished it. The tire
was on the platform, and the pulpit and
organ were destroyed.
The organ was undoubtedly the place
where the torch was applied, as it was all
ablaze when the firemen broke into the
building. Piled on top of the organ were
the chairs of the choir, and this fact is
conclusive evidence of incendiarism.
When the janitress closed the buildinsr
shortly after 9 o'clock, at the conclusion
of the evening services, the chairs were all
in place where the choir members had left
them. The burning chairs communicated
the blaze to the ceiling. The rear window,
through which the scoundrel undoubtedly
effected an entrance to the room, had
been burned out, and it was therefore im
possible to get any evidence from it.
The fine $10,000 church of the Presby
terians, with its $2-500 pipe organ, was
burned to the ground a few months ago.
In this case the fire also originated on the
pulpit platform. On the same night an
attempt was made to fire the Methodist
church on the corner opposite the site of
the Presbyterian church. A few weeks
before the Baptist church, one of the
finest in the city, was destroyed, and
there was also strong ground for suspicion
of incendiarism there. The Baptist and
Presbyterian churches stood on opposite
corners of the same block. Last Sunday
night a fire was discovered in the Congre
gational churc >, but this was believed to
have been the result of an accident.
MURDEROUS REJECTED SUITOR.
Stabs Four Persons, Including the Bride
groom, at the Wedding of the
Girl He Loved.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— A re
jected suitor caused a riot and bloodshed
to-night at the wedding of the girl whom
he had loved in vain.
The bridegroom and three guests were
stabbed before the police moved upon
the wedding feast, which had become a
riot, and overpowered the enraged and
disappointed man.
The injured, all of whom were cut in
the right arm, are: Charles Barnisky, 18
yean old; Michael Roman, the bride
groom; Henry Roman, brother of the
bridegroom, and Mary Zeppe.
The man with the knife was John Or
nis. He is a tall, powerfully built Hun
garian. He has wooed Agnes Hafri and
at one time be thought thai the girl re
turned bis love. Then Mr. Roman met
Agnes, Roman and Agnes were soon be
trothed and Ornis concealed his chagrin
and was the first to congratulate the
couple.
The wedding took place this evening at
the home of the bride, 118 Sheriff street.
The ceremony was over, the feast was at
its height, everybody was merry and the
spirit of^the wine loosened the tongues of
the guests.
Then some one who had forgotten his
presence turned to Ornis and in a joking
way chided him for his ill-luck in not win
ning so tair a girl. A second later that
guest wished that his idle words had never
left his lips.
Ornis, who had been trying to conceal
his feelinps, became on fire with anger.
He roared a fierce Hungarian curse and
drew a clasp-knife. He rushed first at
the groom, who dodged him and retreated
into a far corner.
A scene of wildest confusion followed.
The furniture was overturned. Women
rfled shrieking about the flat. Some of the
meu tried to overpower Ornis, who cut
right and left with the knife.
The bride screamed and wept and begged
him, for her sake, to desist, but Ornis
made his way to the bridegroom who
threw up bis right arm as a guard and re
ceived a painful wound.
Ornis then stabbed the bridegroom's
brother, buried his knife in the arm of
young Barniski and stabbed the Zeppe
NEW TO-DAY
. Jfk ALESSONTOMEN
fcS. arr^^^^^O Y OU HAVE EXCEEDED the limit
m\ R /#lv^O>r»-c^*"^ allowed by nature in the enjoyment of
V// »Si^<«W^l worldly pleasures. You have at some time
J%tU < J^^S^T I overtaxed your nervous system, and there
*^Jfek si is a weakness lurking there, ready to break
;^ ; S^l'CTLr' forth in all its pitiable, destructive effects
4 fc^^N npon yOU * I)o not disre R ard lne3B little
> -/(£" ■'^r' symptoms which you feel from day today ;
* J**sS^ SV^ ' V^Nw they are messages, telling of the suffering
* /!S^' (| '^.^bj!KJKvv of your . nerves and warning you that a
r^^^-ZZ^^S-^jijp breakdown is near. It may come to-m0r-
~.....i» --. ' row and then it will be too late to mend.
Mend now. What energy is left you put it forth and save yourself. Call on or
write to Dr. Sanden and study his plan; study how so many unfortunates have been
saved. / Don't wait; act to-day. It is of vital importance to you.
Have you read or heard of the wonderful cures which are being accomplished by
DR. SANDEN 'S t: ELECTRIC BELT?
There is not a hamlet on the Pacific Coast but ha* one or more who owe their
happiness to it. ; . This is the record of five years' good work.
"I was generally run down and needed something to build me up. Your Belt has
accomplished that purpose and I am perfectly satisfied," says William T. £arle
Azusa, Cal. / - '.''- ■'>'■; '
What a record this paper could show if people cured of such troubles would allow
their names to be usedl Every day some grateful, restored man gives thanks to Dr.
Sanden'a Electric Belt. So will you if you try it
Send for the book, "Three Classes o Men," free, sealed closely, by mail. Address
mj^TsrxDTSTsr eijEotrio 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PaLACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
; Office hours— A. M. to 8 :30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Angela* Office 204 Bonth b m .j
way; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. Br <>aa.
KOT,fc.— AUJie no mistake in the number— 633 Market street
woman as she was trying to escape from
the room.
Ornis was taicen to tbe Union Market
station and locked up, with four charges
of felonious assault against him.
NICARAGUA CANAL BILL
White and Ferkms Be Neve It Will Pass
the Senate — Speaker Reed's Quali
fied Objection.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 17.-The
Nicaragua Canal bill will come up for con
sideration in tne Senate to-morrow. Sen
ators White and Perkins believe debate
will last about three days and that the bill
will pass the Senate. The principal
opposition will come from tne mid
dle' States. The Pacific railroads will
all of them unite in an attfempt to de
feat its passage. The corps of lobbyists
already on the ground is now at work.
Lengthy speeches will be made by Sen
ators White, Perkins, Morgan and others.
Among those who have announced their,
intention of speaking in opposition are
Senators Vest, Turpie and Teller. Senator
Stewart will also probai ly oppose the bill.
The Rules Committee of the House will
in a few days meet to determine whether
or not they will set a time for the bill's
consideration in the House ot Representa
tives. Speaker Reed is said to be not un
favorable"to the canal project, but on ac
couni of the low state of National finances
is unwilling that the Government should
enter into a project of such gigantic im
portance at this time. If the bill can be
called up in tne House and a vote reached
it will probably pass. It might possibly
be vetoed by President CleyHand.
In brief, the bill provides that the
United States shall guarantee the bonds
of the Maritime Canal in the sum of
$100,000,000, such bonds to run for a period
of thirty years and to bear interest at
3 per cent per annum. Tney are lo be is
sued by the Secretary of the Treasury
from time to time, as the canal progresses
in construction. The bonds are to be se
cured by a first mortgage on the property
of the company and its rights heretofore
acquired. Hereafter such mor. gage ia to
contain a provision for a sinking fund
sufficient for the payment ot such bonds
at maturity. There is to be issued to the
United States 700,000 shares of capital
stock, fully paid up and non-assessable.
Eight of the eleven directors are to be ap
pointed by the President of the United
States. The directors are each to receive
a salary ol $5000 a year, except the presi
dent of the board, who shall receive $6000.
Toe canal is to be constructed under the
supervision of the engineering depart
ment of the United States Wu Depart
ment.
TALMAGE OS ARBITRATIOS.
He Calls It the Urandest Triumph of
Eighteen Centurie*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— Dr.
DeWitt Talmage, who succeeded Dr. Sun
deriand in the active pastorship of the
Presidential Presbyterian Church in
Wasbinaton, in his sermon this morning
! referred to the arbitration treaty with
Great Britain, characterizing it as the
mightiest ana grandest movement for
driving brutal war out of the earth.
He said the men who, on either side of
the sea, desire most to effect the plan of
arbitration have made themselves im
mortal. :
The administration of the United States
Government had been honored with the
greatest and grandest event of theei^hteen
centuries. All civilized nations will copy
the sublime example. He implored the
Senate to promptly ratify the treaty.
Mr. Cleveland was not present at the
services.
BALD'S BOLD DEFI.
Proposition to JtSce . Enqllth Crack
Wheelmen -tot Accepted.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 17.— Eddie Bald
made a proposition last night to Ed Pinm
mer, the manager of the English cyclists,
to race either Tom Linton or Jimmy Wai
burton a distance of one mile for a stake
of $500 to $5000. Plummer was taken back
by Bald's bold dec, and made no attempt
to make a match.
Linton offered to accept the challenge if
Bald would allow him to have his own
pacemaker, and the race to take place in
England. Bald agreed to race in Eng
land, but insisted that the same pace
makers should act for both men, as the
foreign pacemakers are acknowledged to
be better than the Americans. Linton
would not consent to this, end it is not
likely that America's champion will get a
chance at the crack foreigners in a match
race. '
NEW MEXICO'S LEGISLATURE.
Division of Patronage Betu>«en Repub
licans and Democrat*.
SANTA FE, X. Mtt, Jan. 17.— The
Thirty-second Legislative Assembly of
Now Mexico will convene here to-morrow.
The Democrats have claimed that they
would have a majority of one in the
council and that the House would be a tie
politically, and there has been some talk
of trouble over the organization, as the
Republicans claimed that both branches
were evenly divided on the face of the
election returns. However, after a con
ference :o-i«y among the leaders of both
parties it was agreed that the Democrats
should choo-e the president and organize
the Council and the Republicans should
be ace rded similar action in the House,
he employes to be evenly divided be
tween the two parties and that theie
thould be no contests for seats.
Sacramento Switchman Killed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 17.— J. H.
Culwill, a railroad switchman, fell from
the top of a car here to-day. His head
struck a rail and his skull was fractured.
He lived only a few hours. He was about
38 years of as;e and unmarried.
Henry Gale Off Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN, Ireland, Jan. 17.— The
Cunard line steamer Aurania, which ar
rived off this port to-day from New York,
was prevented Jrom conimunicaiing with
the snore owing to a gale, end she there
fore proceeded for Liverpool.MYSTIC POWER
OF A BUND GIRL
Can Describe Persons and
Objects Which She
Cannot See.
Enabled to Read From a Book
by Touching the Pages
With Her Fingers.
Supernatural Gift Acquired During a
Trance, in Which She Saw
Strange Visions.
WALLA. WALLA, Wash., Jan. 17.—
William Gray of Palouse City, here for
medical treatment, yesterday told the fol
lowing story of the supernatural power of
a Palouse City child, which he says is
vouched for by Rev. A. Y. Skee, pastor of
the B. M. E. Church of Palouse. Rev. J.
Ok Kerricfc of La Grande, Or., H. A. Gray,
Thomas Cox and J. B. Cawthorne of Pa
louse. Last August Ethel Gilliam, a lit
tle girl, was taken ill, and, after three
weeks, apparently died. For three hours
. she had every appearance of death. She
4 i slowly revived, but was totall}* blind.
w told her parents that she had been in
en and had se6n Jesus and the angels
and many friends who had gone before.
There she saw a tree of life and a river of
life. There were little chiliren in the
tree eating fruit. Each inhabitant wore a
crown bearing his or her name. The little
girl saw a crown with her name on it
hanging ap and reached for it. but Jesus
told her she could not have it yet, but
that she would have to go back to earth
and fulfill her mission. He wanted fcer to
teach his people.
Although blind, this girl can rend by
passing her fingers over the printed or
written pase, and can describe persons
whose pictures are handed to her. The
latter power was first discovered by J. B.
Cawthorne, a photographer, whose mother
lives in Walla Walla. He told the mar
velous story to a Sunday-schooi in Palouse
City, and Mr. Gray and wife, hearing it,
drove out to the home of the girl to see for
tnemselves. Mr. Gray first handed the
sick girl his watch, ana she told him tuat
it was a gold watch and the time of day by
pa-sing her fingers over the glass. To
make sure that her power was genuine a
paper was held between her face and a
photoeraph that Mr. Gray handed to her,
and she described the picture perfectly as
that of an old gentleman with gray
whiskers and wearing a dark suit and
cravat. She read from books and papers
handed to her by the use of her fingers.
TWO LUCKY FRESNOITES.
Identity of the Men Who Discovered Bandit
Marietta's Hoard Is Made
Known.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— The identity
of the two men who recently unearthed a
* trunk near the cemetery at Firebaugn,
V a was reported to contain over $100,
--\ ■■■ ;n gold supposed to have been buried
...ere by Joaquin Murietta, the bandit of
early days, has been revealed. They are
J. N. Smith and L. P. Hendrickson, and
are both employed by the San Joaquin
Electric Company in this city, Mr. Smith
as electrician and Mr. Hendrickson as
trimmer of lamps. Both came to Fresno
from Salt Lake City several months apo,
when the new electric company began the
transmission of power from the San Joa
quin River to this city.
The gentlemen admit that they are the
ones who found the treasure, but refuse
positively to talk any farther about the
matter. They refuse to tell the exact
amount oi their fortune or the exact piace
where they found it. The cause of the
reticence of Smhh and Hendnckson is the
fear of the law of treasure trove, which re
quires that every effurt shall be made'by
those who find anything to ascertain by
posting and advertising the rightful owner
of the thing found. Then, if no owner ap
pears, the State confiscates a good share
pf the find. Hendrickson and Smith are
anxious to retain possession of the entire
fortune they unearthed, and do not wish
to let the authorities know anything about
their find. Thus far they have succeeded
very well in their purpose. The gentle
men are still hoiding their jobs with the
electric company.
OREGON'S LEGISLATIVE DEADLOCK.
Members of the Lower House Again fail
in an Attempt to Effect an
Organization.
SALEM, Ob., Jan. 17.— Twenty-three
members of the lower house of the Ore
gon Legislature held a meeting in the
Capitol to attempt to affect an organiza
tion. They adjourned without accom
plishing anything save a compliance witii
the State constitufon, which provides
that until the house is organized the
•KiHrnbors shall meet from day to day,
<■ .ig without pay after a stipulated
, which time ha>" already expired.
"I nose members who favor immediate
organization held a caucus to-night and
decided to make no concession to the
filibusters. There is no prospect of organi
zation to-morrow, consequently no vote
for United States Senator can be taken
before November. Senator Mitchell is the
only candidate on t:,e ground.
WILSON REIURNS TO SEATTLE.
The Alleged Eloper Warmly Greeted by
Hi* Hiff.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 17.— Charles
Diilard Wilson, who is alleged to have
eloped from Monoium with Mra. Dimond,
returned to Seattle to-night from San
Francisco. Mrs. Wilson not only rec?ived
her husband with open arms, but went
out on the road as far as Kent to join
him. Passengers on the train say the
meeting was a very affecting one. They
are stopping witn Wilson's parents.
Washington's Senatorial Fight.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17.— The Bena
torial contest is taking shape. The pros
pects for George Turner's election grow
brighter each day. It is said that Clarke
E. Dav>is, who a week ago was a strong
Populist candidate, bas withdraw^. He
left the city last night. It is now said
that an election will not occur in session,
as the members will scatter the vote and
cause the caucus which meets from night
i" night to nominate. This is to prevent
■'-:>ie candidate getting votes enough,
Ktve those Republicans who might then
"^riiw their solid vote and elect some one
obnoxious to Populists. Squires' forces
are demoralized and his power on the
wane.
Fresno Cutting Affray.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— There was a
'cutting affray in Chinatown last night.
Two workingmen named William Paige
aod Charles Lawrence were under the in
fluence of liquor in "Jack" Killelea'a sa
loon, and engaged in a controversy which
led to a fight. Lawrence whipped out a
pocket-knife and stabbed Paige in the ab
domen. Bystanders then separated the
men. Pai-e's wound is nearly two inches
deep, but is not believed to be fatal.
LOS ANGELES DENTIST'S PLAINT.
Accuses a Former Assistant of Stealing
Fillings From Abstracted
Teeth.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.Jau. 17.— Dentist
C. A. Cobalt was arrested here yesterday
at the instance of Dr. Scbiff man of the
Schiffman Method Dental Company on a
charge of embezzlement. The charce is
based on the allegation that he appropri
ates a large number of gold fillings from
teeth which he had extracted while in the
employ of the Schiffman company. If
ihere is any foundation for the allegation,
the value of such teeth is in the nature of
clear gain to the dental office where they
are extracted, for it is understood that
usually no compensation is allowed to the
real owners of the teeth.
Dr. Cobalt has put up $150 bail to insure
his appearance in court to-moirow to
answer to the charge. He promises to
make some interesting disclosures wjien
the case is heard in court. Dr. Cobalt
quit the service oi the Schiffman company
recently and sued for back salaiy, since
which time there has been war between
the two dentists.
Jail Delivery at Sitka.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 17.—
Just before ihe steamer A;-Ki sailed from
Sitka three masked men heid up the Gov
er nment jailer ami released William
gjrch, under sentence of tnree years j n
g a n Quenlin on a charge of mayhem.
Uj r cu was to have been brought down on
tj, e • A - i "& 1 - b . ut could not be lound. Gov
ernment officials offer $500 for his recap.
ture.
Los Angeles' Exposition.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 17.—To
morrow's programme at the Home Prod
ucts Exposition In Hazards Pavilion will
be in charge of the Turn Verein, and the
singing section of this society will appear.
The judges were unable last night to de
<i c ;<s to whom should be awarded the
$75 prize for the best decorated bcotn, so
the decision was reserved until Monday.
Handsome Structures Which Add to the Beauty of Phoenix, Ariz,
BAKERSFIELD FIELD TRIALS.
Pacific Coast Dog-Owner* Gathering for
the Annual Content*.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 17.— For
the seventh time the annual Pacific Coast
field trial sports begins here to-morrow.
The grounds on which they are expected
to take place are situated about twelve
miles south of town. If inclement
weather does not interfere — and the
prospects are that it will not — the event
will be crowned with success. Said a well
known fancier: "The prospects are good
for a season of rare sport, possibly the
best we have ever had at Bakersfield. We
have plenty of birds; the grounds are in
tine fix; everybody is corning and all are
in the best of spirits for the fun."
Many well-known dog-owners have ar
rived and others are expected to-night
and to-morrow. Many of the old-timers
are among them. Strings of fine-looking
canines are to be seen on every hand, and
it is needless to say their owners and
trainers "point with pride" to the sure
winners. Among those who are here with
likely looking strings are: John F. Hughes
of Cupa Valley, i). M. Walters of Los
Angele\ D. M. Dodge, W. F. Tevis, George
T. Allender and Messrs. Lucas and
Coughlan of Marin. Among the promi
nent gentlemen who have already arrived
to see the sport are : Alexander Hamilton,
J. J. Killgariff, J. G. Edwards of San
Francisco, A. B. Trueman, Mr. Keller of
Lo» Angeles, Messrs. Stone and Kennedy
of Fresno.
WALLA WALLA'S DISGRACE.
Mad Her amble for an Office Made Vacant
bit Heath.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Jan. 17.—
Allen H. Crocker, Auditor of this county,
died at his residence late last night of
Bright's disease at the age of 47. He was
elected County Auditor on the Republi
can ticket in 1894 and was re-elected in
1896. The funeral will be held to-morrow.
Before the public in general knew of his
death several persons were trying to se
cure the appointment as Auditor. The
tight soon developed into a bitter one.
County Commissioner Nulder, Democrat,
was the first to make known his can
didacy and at once began work by con
ierring with the two other members of the
board for indorsement. The friends of R.
McGahey, Populist, began urging Mc-
Gahey for the place, while several others,
huugry for the office, made known their
willingness to serve. The result was that
late last night a contest between the
Democrats and Populists occurred. This
is viewed in the light of the most ghoulish
and indecent affair ever having occurred
here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
WHITELAW REID
LAUDS ARIZONA
Describes the Western Ter
ritory as a Winter
Paradise.
Experienced but One Unpleasant
Day During Five Months'
Residence.
So Pleased With the Country and
Its Climate That He Decided
to Return.
PHCENIX, Aeiz., Jan. 16.— One of the
mo«t interesting articles concerning thts
section of Arizona ever given to the public
was written by Hon. Whitelaw Reid, edi
tor of the New York Tribune, and ap
peared in a recent issue of that journal.
Mr. Reid spent last winter in Phcenx with
bis family, and was so delighted wit the
climate, which proved highly beneficial
to his health, that he decided to return
again this winter. He arrived during
Decemter, and is now domiciled herewith
his family. The article referred to is as
follows:
So many questions are asked about Ari
zona as a place for a winter re-idence, and
there appears to ba such a dearth of pre
cise information among many who are
virtually interested, that it seems almost
a rublic duty to set down, in the simplest
foim, a few facts of personal observation.
WEATHER
During a five months' residence in
Southern Arizona in winter, there was bat
one day when the weather made it actually
unplea sant for me to take exercise in the
open air at some time or other during tne I
day.Of course there were a good many days |
which a weather observer would describe |
as "cloudy," and some that were
"show rt" ; but during »hese five months
(from November, 1895, to May, 1896), there
were only four days when we did not have
brilliant sunshine at some time during: the
day. Even more than Egypt, anywhere
north of Luxor. Arizona is the land of sun
shine. As to details.
TEMPEBATUBE.
The Government reports show a mean
temperature (or fourteen years at the pres
ent Territorial capital of 57}4 degrees in
November, 53 in December, 49 in January,
54 in February, 61 in March and 66 in
April. The same reports show the high
est and iowest temperatures, averaged ior
eight years, at the same place, as follows:
For November 7%}4 degrees and 42, Decem
ber 73>£ and 36^, January 65% and 82,
February 71^ and 35% March 81U and
41 and April Bt>^ and 46. The nights
throughout the winter are apt to be cool
enough for open wood fires and blankets.
Half the time an overcoat is not needed
durine the day, but it is never prudent
for a stranger to be without one at hand.
AIR.
The atmosphere is singularly clear, tonic
and dry. I have never seen it clearer any
where in the world. It seems to have
about the same bracing and exhilarating
qualities as the air of the Great Sahara in
Northern Africa, or of the deserts about
Mount Sinai in Arabia Petrsea. It is much
drier than in the pans of Morocco,
Algiers or Tunis usually visited, and drier
than any part of the valley of the Nile
north of the first cataract. It seems to
me about the same in quality as the air of
the Nile between Assouan and Waay-
Halfa, but somewhat cooler.
ACTCAL HUMIDITY.
The humidity of the atmosphere
is extremely slight everywhere in
Arizona as compared with any
Eastern climate in the United States.
Tne air is driest on the high mesa*,
remote from snow - clad mountains
or forests, and in the desert valleys wheie
no considerable irrigation has been begun.
Wherever irrigation is carried on on a
large scale the percentage of humidity in
the atmosphere must be somewhat in
creased, although to an Eastern visitor it
is scarcely perceptible. Tne same Govern
ment observations already cited show rela
tive humidity, at Phoenix or Tucson, aver
aged for weeks, from morning and even
ing readings, as -less than half the usual
humidity on dry days in New York.
General Greely, in a publication from the
Weather Bureau, gave the normal weight
of aqueous vapor in the Arizona air at
from 1% to 4 grains per cubic foot.
BAIN.
Showers, and indeed heavy rains, are
liable to occur in every mouth of the year,
but the actual number of rains seems to
an Eastern visitor strangely small. The
average rainfall in Southern Arizona, as
shown by the Government observations,
is but 8)4 inches per year.
ALTITUDES.
It is a striking advantage offered by
Arizona t at, with the same general con
ditions as to temperature and dryness of
air, the physician is able to select nearly
any altitude he may desire. Thus, asth
matic sufferers can find almost the sea
level at Yuma, or an altitude of only a
thousand fept at Phoenix, or of only 2400
at Tucson. Others, who find no objection
to greater elevations, can choose between
Prescott and Fort Whipple, 5400; Flag
staff, 6300; the Salpaur Spring Valley or
Fort Grant, 4200; Fort Huachuca, 4800, or
Oracle, about 4000.
18 IT A PI/ACE FIT TO LIVE IN?
This depends on what one expects in a
huge, sparsely settled Territory of moun
tains and deserts. The man Who looks
for either the beauty or the seductive ex
citement of Monte Carlo will not find it.
As little will he find the historic remains
of the cosmopolitan attractions of Egypt;
nor could he reasonably expect the amuse
ments and luxuries of our own Eastern
cities. The people of Arizona are still
chiefly busy in the pioneer work of sub
duing it to the residence and uses of civil
ized man. But it has two transconti
nental lines of railway, with numerous
feeders; it has fast, mails and; rival tele
graph lines, and is throbbing with the in
tense life ot the splendid West. The two
principal towns in the southern portion
chiefly sought for the : .r climatic ad
vantages are Phoenix and Tucson. Each
of them has 10,000 inhabitants or more.
They have the electric lifiht, telephones,
trolley-cars, plenty of hotels, banks, book
stores, srood schools, churciies, an occa
sional theatrical performance, sometimes
a lecture or a circus, often a horserace,
and in the apr.n t a thoroughly curious
and interesting "fiesta." For the rest,
people must take their amusements with
them. Good horses are abundant and
cheap, and there are plenty of cowboys —
tne genuine article — to show what horses
can do. The driving, for fifteen or twenty
miles in almost any direction from
Phoenix, is neirly always easy. The roads
are apt to be dusty; but there is one well
sprinkled drive of six or eight miles; and,
since the winds are quite regular in their
direction, it i< rarely difficult to choose a
route on which the dust will be largely
carried away from you. The unbroken
desert itself is often as easy to drive over
as an Eastern highway, and the whole
valley is a paradise for bicyclers or
equestrians.
CAN ONE LIVE COMFORTABLY?
That, again, depends on what you ex
pect. You cannot have the luxuries of
our New York houses out there, unless
you build one; or the variety of our New
York markets, unless you charter a re
frigerator car. But there are hotels with
almost a frontage as the Waldorf ; and, line
everything else in the Territory excepting
the mountains and the de-ens, they are
hew. There are boarding-nouses of more
Kinds than one; and brick cottages of
eight or ten rooms can occasionally be
rented. Better than any of them, tor the
man with enertiy and pluck to take, it is a
tent on the desert; and he who knows
how to "camp out" with comfort through
September in the Adironda,oks can camp
out in Arizona through the winter. As to
food, there is plenty, and it is good — if
you can get it well cooked. The alfalfa
fields of the Salt River Valley are the fat
tening grounds for the great cattle ranges
of the Territory. Trom there the mar
kets of Los Angeles, and even of Denver,
are largely supplied. Good beef, mutton
and poultry aro plenty and cheap. Quail,
duck and venison from the vicinity can
also be had. Vegetables and fruits are
abundant in their season, and sometimes
the season is a long one. It is the one
country I have lived in wh^re strawberries
ripen in the open air ten months in the
year. I have had them on my table, fresh
picked from the open garden, at Christ
mas.
IS IT A LAWLESS COUNTRY?
The man who goes to any considerable
Arizona town with the ideas of the South
west derived from novels, or from The
Arizona KicKer, will be greatly mystified.
He will find as many churches as in towns
of corresponding size in Pennsylvania or
Ohio; and probably more school houses.
He will find plenty of liquor shops, too,
and gambling-house*, and dano«houses.
and yet he will see little disorder unless
he hunts late at ni^ht for it, and he will
be apt to find — as at Phoenix — a commun
ity of 10,000 people requiring in the day
time only one policeman, and hardly re
quiring him. During my winter there I
aid not see a single disturbance on the
streets, or half a dozen drunken men, all
told. Mining men and an occasional cow
boy certainly had quarrels sometimes, in
the disorderly quarters at night; and there
were stories of the use of the knife among
Mexicans; but the visitor who went about
his own business had as little trouble* as
on Broadway or Chestnut street. The
Pima and Maricopa Indians, who are en
countered everywhere, have been friendly
with the whites for generations, and there
isn't an Apache within some hundreds of
miles.
WHICH TOWN IS THE BEST?
Primarily that is a question for the phy
sician, if there is a physician in the case;
if not, try them all. [Here favorable ref
erence i-> made to Prescott, Flagstaff,
Yuraa, Tucson and Oracle, but lack of
space compels us to omit this part of the
letter.] Phoanix ia in the center of the
greatest irrigation in the Territory. The
country for miles around smiles with
green fields, covered with almost count
less herds of cattle, and it is everywhere
shut in by low mountains. It is the Terri
torial capital, has the Government Indian
School, the Territorial Lunatic Asylum
and other institutions, ana is the general
focus for the Territory. Like Tucson, it
has its occasional wind and sand storms —
perhaps not quite so often. At either
place visitors who know how to adapt
themselves to circumstances can be en
tirely comfortable, and in each they will
find an intelligent, orderly, enterprising
and most hospitable community. They
will find a country full of mines, full of
rich agricultural lands, abounding in
cattle and horses, in vineyards and
orchards and the beginning of vrey suc
cessful orange groves — a country, in fact,
as full of promise for hardy and adven
turous men now as California was in the
'50' s. Above all, if it has been their lot
to search for health in far-off countries,
they will revel in the luxury of being in
their own land, among their own country
men, within easy .reach of their friends
by telegraph or rail, and in a climate as
gooi of its kind as any in the world.
TRAMPS EAT A STOCKTON DOG.
Appropriate a Fat Gordon Setter and
Soon Have the Animal in a Very
Bad Stew.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 17. — Pound
master Thomas Horton of this city is
authority for the following story: Some
time ago be gave an old man who is
known here as "Larry, the king of the
dumps," an old mule that he had im
pounded. Larry killed the mule and
"jerked" a portion of the meat, placing it
over barbed wire fences to dry. T c rest
of the carcass be gave to a large Gordon
setter dog, feeding a portion of it to the
canine day by day for a week. The dog
waxed fat on the mule, and Larry watched
the string of "jerked" meat that he was
preparing for spring use.
Several nights ago a gang of tramps ap
pealed on trie peninsula near the bunkers
of the Coal road ana stole every bit of the
"jerked" meat. They hailed from the
southern country and had their appetites
with them. After whetting their appe
tites on the mula meat they waylaid the
big fat Gordon setter and soon had the
animal killed and in a stew. Wnen
Poundmaster Hor.on appeared at the
camp this morning he saw the tramps
finishing the remnants of the stew, the
carcass of the canine lying close by.
The matter was reported by him to the
police to-night, but the tramps have gone,
and even an action for cruelty to animals
will not avail unless they come this way
again. s
Prizefight at Singer.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— There was an
interesting prizefight last night at Banger,
fifteen miles east of this city, in which
John Fitzarerald, a local celebrity, andl
William Ross, a pug from Visalia, were
the principals. Fitzgerald received a
knockout blow in the neck in the second
round. The fight was for a purse of $100.
The affair took plack in the Depew Opera
House and was witnessed by a big crowd,
a lar?e delegation of sporting men from
this city being in attendance. Ross and
Fitzgerald fought two weeks ago and
Ross was the victor then also. Both
rights were vicious, science being at a dis
count and hard slogging at a premium.
»
Funding's Defeat Pleases Modesto.
MODESTO, Cal., Jan. 17.— There was
no outward demonstration here in cele-
bration of the defeat of the Powers' rail
road bill. While every one spoken to
upon tne subject expressed himself as
gratified at the result, the feeling did not
reach the pitch of enthusiasm. The de
feat of the measure is undoubtedly what
the masses of the people of this vicinity
wished.
The forts around Paris are stored with
sufficient food to last three years.
JAMES TREADWELL
UNDER ARREST
The Young Millionaire Is
Accused of Striking
a Woman.
Louise Buchanan Exhibits a Cut
Lip in Court to Prove
Her Charge.
He Says He Was Forced to Vigorously
Defend Himself Against
Assailants.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— James P.
Treadwell, the young millionaire, was jar
rested last night on a charge of battery,
preferred by Louise Buchanan, who ex
hibited a cut lip as evidence. He was ar
rested by Officer Hughes and released on
$100 cash bail, with instructions to appear
in Justice Gass* court to-morrow morn
ing.
The Buchanan girl threatened young
Treadweli with a suit about two years ago,
claiming he had wronged her, and gained
much notoriety. No suit was commenced,
however, and the girl left San Jose. The
reported marriage of Treadweli to Mrs.
Welch of San Francisco last week aroused
Miss Buchanan's ire, and she came to
San Jose several days aso, with the
avowed intention of making Tread well's
life miserable by annoying him.
It is claimed that last evening the girl
and a man were drinking together in the
Louvre, while a messenger was sent out to
find Treadweli. When the latter appeared
and asked what was wanted of him Miss
Buchanan and her friend attacked him.
Treadweli was obliged to vigorously de
fend himself. He refused to talk about
the affair to-day.
Jewels Taken by Burglars.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— The resi
dence of Thomas Smith on Roberts street,
near the Story road, was entered by burg
lars this forenoon while the family was at
church. A gold breastpin with a pearl in
the center, a twisted gold bracelet, a gold
chain and a pair ot gold earrings were
taken. Entrance was effected through a
rear window.
Sailed Up Alviso Channel.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— That Alviso
Slough could be made an excellent water
way by a small expenditure on the part of
the Government is evidenced by the fact
that two large schooners, the Fortuna and
Daisy Rowe, drawing 12 and 11 feet of
water respectively, are now unloading
lumber at Alviso. The cargo of the For
tuna is 225,000 feet and the Daisy Rowe
196.000 feet. Both of the vessels easily
sailed up the channel. Captain Rossich
of the Fortuna reports the channel very
eood and with the slight expense of
straightening out one or two turns of the
slouch vessels drawing 14 feet oi water
could sail up to Aiviso.
Lawyers Adopt a Fee Schedule.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— The Santa
Clara Bar Association has agreed to a
minimum rate of fees in order to discour
age the underbidding of each other for a
case, as is done in some instances now.
The schedule of rates will be fixed by the
Board ot Trustees and reported at a meet
ing of the association to be held Febrnarv
13. The admission fee has been fixed at
$2 50 and dues at $4 per year.
Death at Laurel.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— Francis 0.
Blabon, a pioneer resident of thi3 county,
died at Laurel, in the Santa Cruz Mount
ains, Friday night. He was a native of
Maine, aged 68 years. He came around
the Horn in 1849. A widow and two sons
survive him. He was buried this after
noon from the family residence in this
city.
VISALIA MAN'S INVENTION.
Weight of Water Utilized to Store Power
in a Dynamo.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 17.-M. S. Mon
roe, connected with the water works plant
of this city, has made public an import
ant mechanical invention. It is designed
to utilized dead weight of water in stor
ing power in a dynamo. The weight of
the water in two immense tanks twenty
feet in length and standing thirty feet
above ground, supplying this city with
water, will be used to supply a dynamo
with power equal to a twenty horsepower
engine. As the water in the tanks falls a
connecting cable will wind up a strong
steel spring in the dynamo. The inventor
feels confident that his plan can be suc
cessfully used as a wave motor, every fall
ing wave on the ocean beach adding to
the power stored in the dynamo, Mr.
Monroe will keep the details of his inven
tion secret until it is patented.
Suicide at Santa Rota.
SANTA KOSA, Uai., Jan. 17.— John
Mize, a well-known resident of this city,
NEW TO-DAY.
SELECT HOUSEHOLD RANGES
— The finest cooking ranges in the world. They consume but
little fuel and give an easily regulated uniform oven heat. Have
new patent oscillating grates that prevent dust from sifting
through on the hearth ; are easy to polish and keep in order,
and altogether combine more excellent qualities than any other
cooking stoves in the world. We are showing an unusually
fine line just now, together with those finest of oil heaters —
the MYERS IMPROVED. A guarantee goes with every one.
JOHN F. MYERS CO.,
947 MARKET ST.— Next to Hales.
toot his life here to-day by swallow
ing carbolic ncid. He fitst visited his
mother's grave, where the fatal dose was
taken, Jand from there walked to the house
of a relative, where he expire.!. The un
fortunate man had long been affected with
a suicidal mania, and had made several
unsuccessful attempts at self-destruction
in the past. At one time he tired a bullet
into his brain. It was never removed, and
from its effects he was oeriodically quita
violent. Les3 tban a month ago he was
discharged from the Napa Insane Asylum
as a sane man, but the death of liis mother
last week brousrht on the malady again.
He was about 38 years of age, and leaves a
widow and several small children.
TULARE FARMERS' INSTITUTE.
Growers of the Count/ Will Be Addressed
by State University Pro
fessors.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 17.— The Farmers'
Institute to be held in Tulare on Friday
and Saturday, January 22 and 23, is being
looked forward to with a consiierable de
gree of interest. There will be addresses
and papers by various authorities from
different sections oi the State, every one
of which will be a treat to those who are
fortunate enough to be present at the
different sessions.
Among the pleasant features of the
coming gathering will be tne spending of
half a day visiting and inspecting the
Tulare Experimental Station, two miles
southeast of this city. This particular
station, planted in an uninviting spot,
strongly impregnated with alkali, is now
one of the most picturesque and inviting
examples of what can be done in the way
of overcoming difficulties and coping with
unfavorable conditions. The excellent
showing made at the Tulare station is
largelydue to the practical management
of tne present superintendent, Julius
Forrer.
Among those who will ba present and
take part in tbe institute are: Professor
E. J. Wickson of Berkeley, Major C. J.
Berry of Visalia, R. C. Irvine. C.E., of the
State Boar i of Highways, I. H. Thomas
and D. K. Zumwaltof Visalia. Professors
Hayne and Charles H. Shinn are also ex
pected to be present. Mrs. B. M. Alford
of Tulare will read a paper on "Floricul
ture and Its Effect on the Home." Mrs.
Alford is looked upon as excellent author
ity on the subject of flower culture.
There will be a free distribution of vari
ous seeds and nuttings. Lunch will be
served in Fioral Hall on Tulare street.
EVADES ALASKA'S COURTS.
Indictment Against Ex- Marshal Porter
Quashed on Orders From
Washington.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 17.—
The steamship Al-Ki from Alaska this
morning brought news of great excite
ment there as a result of the information
that the prosecution of ex-United States
Marshal Orville T. Porter, on a charge of
embezzlement under a Grand Jury indict
ment, had been quashed through direct
and specific orders from the Attorney-
General at Washington to the District At
torney of Alaska. The charge had been
hanging over Porter since shortly after
his retirement at the end of Harrison's ad
ministration, but he had evaded trial by
various pretexts, claiming that he was ill
at his home in Oregon. The authorities,
who had determined to bring him up at
all hazards during the present term of
court, were surprised when orders to Btop
ail proceedings were received.
According to allegations under which
the ex-Marshal wae indicted, the money
which disap; earod was sent to Porter to
discbarge numerous outstanding el a inn
for jury and witness fees. When the
shortage was discovered it was arranged
that Porter take up outlying claims, but
continued failure to do so prompted the
filing of the information with the Grand
Jury, upon which a true bill was found.
Porter received his appointment during
Harrison's administration through the
influence of Senator John H. Mitchell of
Oregon, and it is believed by those inter
ested that Mitchell prevented the trial of
bis friend.
WILL MEET AT STOCKTON.
Preparation* for the Reception of the
li'nai B'rith Grand Lodge.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 17.— One week
from to-day the Grand Lodge of the Inde
pendent Order of B'nai B'rith will meet
in this city. Great preparations are being
made by the local members of the organi
zation to entertain the visitors. The three
days' stay in this city will be marked by a
series of entertainments that wiil long be
remembered by the delegates. On Sunday
evening next the representatives in the
Grand Lodge will hold a "high jinks" in
the dining-room of the Imperial Hotel.
The big room will be specially decorated,
and no pains or expense will be spared to
make the occasion one of the most enjoya
ble ever known in the history of the
Grand Lodge of the organization. An
elaborate- literary and musical programme
has been arranged for the reception that
is to be tendlred the visiting delegates in
new Pioneer Hall.
Utah's Senatorial Contest.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 17.— The Utah
Senatorial contest is waxing warm. The
Legislature being so overwhelmingly
Democratic makes it certain that the Sen
ator to be elected will be of that party,
but the rivalry among the three candi
dates is intense. A careful estimate leads
to the conclusion that the result of the
first joint ballot taken on Tuesday will be
about as follows: Ex-Congressman Rawl
ins2l, Moses Thatcher 20, Judge Hender
son 15, all Democrats; H.W.Lawrence
(Pop.) 3, scattering 3. Necessary to a
choice 32.
34
SHRINERS VISIT
TRUCKEE'S PALACE
Crowds From Sacramento
and San Francisco
Entertained.
Find Enjoyment on the Toboggan
Slide and the Skating
Rink.
Pleasures ot a Winter Day End With
a Banquet Tendered by
Townspeople.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 17.— T0-day has
been a gala one for the many who visited
the Truckee Ice Palace. Three cars bear
ing members of the Mystic Shrine, their
families and friends arrived at 6 o'clock
this morning from San ' Francisco, and a
euecial train from Sacramento arrived in
the afternoon. The visitors enjoyed
themselves at sleign riding, coasting and
skating. Sleighs running from Truckee to
Dormer Lake and to the Dormer Ice Com
pany pond havo been crowded all day.
The Dormer Company has one of the mo3t
perfect ice plants in this vicinity.
The visitors realize — many of them for
the first time — how varied is the climate of
California.
Yesterday they left homes where the
rose was blooming, and to-day they en
joyed as fine winter sport as mortals ever
had, and under a clear sky and bright sun,
returning to their homes again within
thirty-six hours.
To-night the toboggan slide was running
to its full capacity. The stating rink
within the ice palace was crowded, and
there were not skates enough in town to
supply all who wanted to enjoy the exer
cise. The Shriners made merry at a ban
quet at the Truckee Hotel, and W. R.
£paulding of the Truckee Lumber Com
pany gave a banquet at the Whitney
House to the visiting box manufacturers.
Not Alarmed About the Plague.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.—Accord
ing to Haalth Officer Doty thare is little
cause for fear that the bubonic plaeue
may reach New York.
Coursing at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 17.— Forty
dogs competed in to-day's coursing match,
first money going to Little Wonder, Hand
spring second and Paderewski third.
MERKLE'S PETRIFIED FOOT.
He Uses the Sole for a Whetstone and
He Gave Away a Toe.
A hunting party from El Paso, Texas.,
but recently returned from an expedition,
tells of the marvelous discovery up in the
mountain regions oi what seems to be one
of the greatest living wonders. The find
is nothing more nor less than a man, liv
ing and apparently in good health, yet
having one foot completely petrified.
The tale is a pretty stiff one and would
not be credited were it not vouched for by
gentlemen of well-known veracity and
honor, who furthermore have and are
ready to exhibit the little toe from the
petrified foot, which was broken off
shortly before their visit and which the
owner was kind enough to give them as a
souvenir.
. The man with the petrified foot is an
ex-cowboy, Bill Merkle by name, who has
lived in the mountains nearly twenty-five
years. Up to twenty year 3 ago Merkle
lived th« most active of outdoor lives, but
about that time, in trying to get out of
the way of a stampeding drove, he was
thrown from bis horse right in the track
of the cattle, the nerd sweeping on resist
le?sly over his prostrate body.
When picked up by his companions a
few moments later, not a bruise was dis
covered anywhere upon his body, but both
bones of the left leg appeared to be broken
just below the knee. No physician was
called in, Merkle's friends merely using
the simple means in their power to set,
splint and bandage the broken limb.
According to Merkle's account, in an in
credibly short time the bones seemed to
be knitting together, but pretty soon it be
came evident that the texture and color of
the flesh below the fracture were under
going a change. •
In the course of a month it was deemed
advisable to remove the bandage, when it
was discovered that while the fracture
bad indeed reunited the leg below had al
ready begun to show unmistakable evi
dence of hardening. Since then slowly
the process has continued, till now the
entire limb below the break is a complete
petrifaction.
Strange to relate Merkle declares there
is no pain anywhere in the region of tne
old fracture, and while the weight of the
petrified limb necessarily retards his
progress he can stand upon it and even
taKe a few steps, and his general health is
excellent.
Of course there is no sensation in the
petrified member. It may be struck,
scratched or pricked with impunity, and,
liftihg the foot across his right knee, Mer
kie uses it as a w: etstone, sharpening
knives against the hardened sole. How
ever, if the foot be placed in the fire a sen
sation of hfat is transmitted throughout
the entire body, becoming painful in the
immediate neighborhood of the old frac
ture.—Philadelphia Times. ,
GERMANY LEADS.
Emperor William's Army Is Larger
Than That or France.
Since the law passed by the Reichstag
on the 29th of June, 1896, Germany has
taken a great stride fn advance of France
in the matter of military organization.
Our entire effective force in infantry
amounts to 324.000 men, while that of Ger
many foots up 364,300, giving the Germans
a numerical superiority of 40,000 foot
soldiers.
On our side of the Vosees tue Derma
ment garrisons are guarded by 2427 com
panies, forming 583 "battalions*. On the
other side of the frontier they number
2498 companies and 625 battalions, a ma
jority over France of forty battalions.
The expenses present a considerable
difference between the two countries. The
pay of the French infantry officers, accord
ing to the war bndget, is nearly 43,000,000,
but that of the officers of the German in
fantry is not less than 48,000,000.
In time of peace our soldiers are kept on
two meals a day, costing 52,000,000, while
the soldiers on the other side of th« Enine
are kept and fed on one meal a day by
means of an appropriation of 60,000,000.
Does not this comparison justify the law
creating a fourth battalion in each one of
the 145 army corps regiments named?
It is believed that the appropriation
which will be asked for on the opening of
the session of the Chamber will be for
thirty additional battalions for 1897.—
Courrier dcs Etats Unis.
There has been no change in black
smith's tools for 300 years.
Tick Congh tbat "cuts like a knife," can be re
lieved at. once, and soon cured with I>r. D. Jayne'a
Expectorant.
lr bilious, UV9 Jayne'« Palnles* Sanative I>lUs.
WALTER HOBART'S $2500 BEAUTY.
' The most aristocratic dog in San Francisco to-day is Dimples, Walter Hobart's
$2500 beauty. She is now nine months old and begins to look like her beautiful
mother, Totsy, the champion of Old English brindle white bulldogs.
Dimcles achieves particular fame by ruason of her father's aristocratic lineage.
He is the celebrated Old English prize-winning bulldog, Napa, which dog ha« a
wonderful record throughout Europe. Dimples was imported by the young mil
lionaire and arrived In San Francisco on November 26. Though she belongs to
a breed of dogs that Dever lets go in a fight, Dimples is as gentle as the famous
little lamb that followed the fabled Mary everywhere she went. She generally
stands with her tongue out, as shown in the picture, and is a great favorite at the
stables, 1316 Tine street.
CELEBRATION OF A
CATHOLIC FEAST
A Day of Special Devo
tion in St. Ignatius
Church.
Sermon by the Archbishop and
Installation of Sodality
Officers.
Rev. Joseph Gleason Pronounces an
Interesting Homily in St.
Francis Church.
The feast of the Holy Name was
solemnly commemorated yesterday in St.
Ignatius Church. A solemn high mass
was celebrated by the Rev. Edward Allen,
S. J., who was assisted by fathers of the
Society of Jesus. Biga's sublime mass
was sung in ilfl entirety by the male choir,
the solos being taken by Dr. J. J. Morri
sey, Mr. Rowan, L. Berger and G. "Wood.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan de
livered an eloquent sermon on the feast
and the gospel of the day.
In the haDdsome chapel of the Gentle
men's Sodality an interesting ceremony j
took place. The chapel had been beauti
fully frescoed and illuminated with many
new electric lamps, and when mass was
celebrated at 7:30 a. m. by Father Fried
man, S. J., the sanctuary presented a bril
liant spectacle. The |pelebrant was as
sisted by the Rev. Joseph Hickey, S. J.,
spiritual director of the sodality, and
Father Friedman preached to the mem
bers.
After the first gospel the following
named officers were invested with the
ribbon and medal of the order of their re
spective offices:
James R. Kelly, prefect; John E. Fitr
patrict, first assistant prefect; Thomas R.
Carew, second assistant prefect; Frank J.
Burke, secretary; John J. Barrett; assistant
secretary; James H. Dignan, treasurer; W. VV.
Dunney, P. Fitzslmmons, John D. Campbell,
Bernard Mohn, E. L. Champbell, Dr. K. 0.
Btears, Thomns Eiston, Charles Weld, Henry
Regan, Charles E. McAuliffe, Yviiliam Han
cock, Richard O'JJrlscoll, James Keogh, John
Fahy, members of the council.
John Colson, cuardian of probationers; John
OGara, assistant guardian; John E. Pope, roll
prefect; P. Mornssey, J. J. Powers, George
Springer, William ilannon, assistant roll pre
fects; John S. Wilbanic, librarian; John Char
land, William Hicks, P. Dillon, J. F. Dwyer,
asbisiaut librarians; Laurence Walsh, chief
hi; Richard Purcell, Martin Carrick,
Jeremiah Looney, assistant marshals; Maurice
E. Pope, vestry prefect; Louis Springer, John
McCarthy, R. M. Nicholson, assistant prefects ;
James Keogh, John Fahy, John Nevada, stand
ard beareis; Charles L. Etiiier, organist;
Thomas M. McCurdy, Thomas Wiltz, J. Law
liss, Thomas Panoziui, Albert McCarty, Vin
cent Kinewell, Dr. J. J. Gallagher, Thomas
O'Brien, J. F. Gallagher, H. Hingsbergln, &
Cunningham, William J. O'Brien, choir.
Rev. Joseph Gleason preached before a
large congregation at St. Francis Church
last evening on the gospel of the day, the
second Sunday after Epiphany, St.John
ii, 1-11. He said that this gospel hae been
interpreted the most widely perhaps of
all gospels of the liturgical year. It tells
of the marriage feast at Canaan.
At the marriage of Canaan the Savior
and his apostles were invited; but it was
a wedding among poor Deople, and evi
dently the groom acted hastily in inviting
too many guests, for the wine ran out.
Here the Blessed Virgin nhowed her ten
derness; she went to her divine son and
said: "The wine is running out." She
appealed to him in the most human way
possible, not that she sought him to per
form a miracle, but that he would find
some tactful way out of the difficulty.
Then in the little towns aDout Nazareth
Jesus was regarded as a man of fine sense,
as the son of the carpenter, of Mary. But
he was unkown in his divine character.
St. Luke says that from the time Jesus
returned from the Temple to Nazareth he
lived with his mother and was subject to
her. When she told him at this marriage
that that the wine was running out, he
said to her: "Woman, what is that to
me and to thee; my time has not yet
come." This expression has been quoted
in the face of the Christian world that
here Christ insulted his mother— the
grossest interpretation possible. For im
mediately after be asked for jars of water
and turned them into wine. The words
cannot have the meaning of insult to his
mother. What then meant these words?
He could explain to her that his time
for performing miracles had not yet ar
rived at that exact minute. The expres
sion, "What is it to me and to thee?" is
Hindoo; it was understood by those who
heard the Savior use it, but they saw in it
no insult.
The Savior's parables were illustrations
of his moral doctrines, taken from the
daily life of the people of his days. The
Hindooism cannot be translated correctly
into our language, and the literal transla
tion is harsher in our ears than its real
meaning. The expression is notan insult,
because this orientalism was used in every
day life with courtesy. As to the word
"woman," in the Hebrew language it is
the highest term of respect that can be
paid a female, even more than "mother."
Jesus never called the Blessed Virgin
"mother," bat "woman." One of the
most scholarly of Protestant commenta
tors of the Scriptures gives the free trans
lation of Christ's words as: "Mother,
leave that to me; my time has not yet
come,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
GOOD ROADS FOR
THE WHEELMEN
Seven Highway Bills Be
fore the Present Leg
islature.
The Work of the State Improve
ment Committee of the
L. A. W.
Excellent Recommendations of the
State Bureau of Highways
Just Issued.
One of the most important questions
coming before the public at the present
time is that of roads — "good roads," as
the wheelmen who are moving mightily
in the matter designate it. "With them
is working the Bureau of Highways, which
have just issued a report upon the thor
oughfares of the State. One can under
stand how much care is expended annu
ally upon roads when it is known that
exclusive of the sums spent on the streets
of cities, towns and even many villages
nearly 12,000,000 was used in repairs on
the highways of California during the
fiscal years of 1894 and 1895. During the
eleven years from 1885 to 1895 such data
a3 could be gathered from the records of
the. various county officials shows that,
not including privfete subscriptions of
money, labor and material and poll tax
paid for generally in labor previous to
1893, and cost of construction of bridges,
etc., the highway expenditures reached
the enormous sum of $18,000,000.
Even with this great outlay It is well
known to those familiar with any fraction
of the mileage of the roads of the State
that they are deplorably bad. As a cause
of this the bureau points out that the
work has been carried on without method
or system, and the money injudiciously
expended. To start with, the roads have
been located without regard to the typog
raphy of the country. In numberless in
stances highways have been laid out over
rolling and hill land, around corners or
through boggy and poorly drained acres,
to the permanent detriment of public
rights and convenience.
The bureau insists upon the intro
duction of the requirement that roads
must be located upon the best grades and
alignments which the nature of the coun
try will permit Considering that the
roßds are the lines along which, for all
time, must be moved the traffic of a
growing civilization, this principle should
be imperatively enforced.
The report also calls attention to the
natural conditions, climatic, geological
and typographical, favorable to road con
struction. The absence of severe winters,
which work such injury to the highways
in many Eastern States, the presence of
abundant building and repairing material
and the character of the ground surface
in the valleys and through mountain
passes make good roads possible, perma
nent and plentiful all over the State.
So strong a hold has the good-road ques
tion taken upon the public that seven
bills for the improvement of highways will
go before the present Legislature, all of
which will undoubtedly pass. The sub
ject has been treated favorably in the
Governor's message, and a large majority
in the Senate and Assembly is desirous
that the bills should become laws.
The proposed enactments were drawn
up by the Highway Improvement Com
mittee of the League of American Wheel
men, which organization ia actively en
gaged in the highway work with the great
National League for Good- Roads.
One of the bills calls for a regulation
width of wagon tires. This was recom
mended by the State Bureau, and pre
acribed that three inches for wheels of
ordinary iarm and road wagons, and the
minimum width of four inches for tires
bearing loads between four and six tons;
tires of live inches for loads between six
and eight tons, and for loads over eight
tons a tire-width of six inches.
Charles G. Michener, chairman of the
committee, states that the most impor
tant bill is that for the establishment of a
system of State highways, and that one
fourth of a mill on each dollar of taxation
be set apart for the construction and re
pair of roads.
This wili take the matter out of tha
hands of the Supervisors of the counties
and bring about a State system for the
maintenance of the public highways. Mr.
Michener also states that the bicycle-bag
gage bill will pass with flying colors, as
the railroads will not oppose the measure.
Those transportation companies readily
understand that this privilege granted
wheelmen will encourage them to patron
ize the passenger trains; whereas, if the
biker weie charged freight on his ma
chine he would in many cases ride It in
stead of paying for its transportation.
This would mean the loss of many a fare,
and with good roads throughout the
country hardly' a wheel would ever go
into the baggage-car.
A man weighs less when the barometer
is high, notwithstanding the fact that the
atmospheric pressure on him is more than
when the barometer ia low. As the pres
sure of air on an ordinary-sized man is
about fifteen tons the rise of the mercury
from twenty-nine inches to thirty-one
inches adds about one ton to the load he
has to carry.
LABOR LAWS ARE
WELL REGARDED
Some Favorable Reports
Received From Sac
ramento.
Proposed Labor Bills That Have
Passed the Second
Reading.
Convention of Union Men Discuss
the Various Measures in Which
They Are Interested.
The California Labor Convention met
yesterday at 915J^ Market street to hear
reports on the tight for new labor laws
now being waged at Sacramento and to
keep up interest in the struggle. James
Rose occupied the chair.
Credentials were presented by Frank
Cooke of the Sacramento Labor Conven
tion and the Sacramento Book-binders'
Union, J. D. Campbell of the Carpenters'
and Joiners' tJnion No. .22 of San Fran
cisco, Louis F. Keeber of the Journeymen
Bakers' and Confectioners' Union, Henry
Carstensen of the Amalgamated Wood
workers' Union and C. N. Moreno of the
Sacramento Typographical Union, all of
whom were seated in the convention.
Delegate Macarthur of the Sailors'
Union, who was appointed a committee of
one to represent the convention at the
capital, reported on the various bills pre
pared by the State Labor Bureau and re
vised by the San Francisco Labor Conven
tion. He said that ail the bills had been
presented to the Legislature in both
houses and six of them acted on by the
Committee on Labor and Capital of the
Assembly.
Assembly bill No. 17, entitled, "An act
fixing the minimum rate of compensation
for labor on public work," making the
figure $2 a day, had passed its second
reading and was going to the third or
final reading.
The bill to establish a bureau of labor
(No. 44 in the Assembly) had its title al
tered by the addition ot "and to appro
priate money therefor," instead of leav
ing it to the discretion of the Labor Com
missioner to establish bureaus whereso
ever he pleases. Los Angeles and ban
Francisco are named as the ilaces for
labor bureaus. A section was introduced
providing for voluntary arbitration in
labor disputes, and the Dill was further
amplified, but it was not recommended,
and consequently is as if it had not been
introduced.
Assemmbly bill No. 80, providing for
the employment of citizens of the United
Btattes upon public works within the
State, was reported favorably, and the au
thority to decide citizenship was given to
the Labor Commissioner.
Sanford of Point Arena introduced a
bill providing for a limit of ten hours for
a day's labor in logging camps and Baw
mills. Thla bill has been favorably re
ported.
Some difficulty was met in getting any
one to introduce the bill providing for the
examination of steam boilers because it
wr3 technical and not intelligible to the
laymen of tne Legislature. Mr. Mac
arthur urged that it would take consid
erable pushing in the committee by engi
neers Interested in its passage.
With regard to the bond fo r public
works, several measures conceding it
have been introduced, providing fora bond
for the protection of laborers. Mocarthur
suggested that the amount of the bond
should amount to one-half of the contract
price, instead of the whole, as offered by
the convention. He therefore recom
mended that this matter be reconsidered
by the convention.
Bills have been introduced changing
Labor day from October 1 to September 1,
abolishing poll and road tax, exempting
seamen's and fishermen's wages from at
tachment, but the last one was laid aside.
Several schemes are on hand to disrupt
the Btate Printing Office, and a bill has
been brought up to furnish free textbooks
for the public schools.
An act providing a lunch hour for em
ployes was dropped, as it was not re
garded as a constitutional measure.
Macarthur concluded by stating that
everything seems favorable to the labor
bills, and everybody at Sacramento was
friendly to the movement. The Sacra
mento Federated Trades is doing every
thing possible for the success of these bills.
The bakers' bill has been introduced in
both houses, but it has not yet come up in
the committee. All the other billa will
likely come up in committee during this
week.
Resolutions were adopted declaring that
the movement for a department of labor
in California is not a party measure, and
the convention adjourned.
CITIZENS' MEETING.
Proposed Labor Laws Indorsed In
the Socialists' Hall.
A meeting of about 250 people was held
in the old temple at 115 Turk street yes
terday afternoon. It was opened by J. W.
Rose, who introduced George Lafayette,
president of the United Bricklayers'
Union, as chairman.
A committee presented the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Sesolved, That we, the unclersignod citizens
of San Francisco, indorse the "proposed labor
laws" recommended by the State Labor Com
missioner ana presented before the State
Legislature of California, to immediately re
lieve, assist and protect the suffering unem
ployed by passing the "labor laws" as recom
mended by tne State Labor Commissioner,
particularly Assembly bill 44, "An act to es
tablish and support a department of labor and
appropriate money therefor," and Assembly
bill 150, "An act to define the dmies and lia
bilities of employment agents," which we de
sire passed verbatim.
The committee reported that a petition
with 12,000 signatures would be taken by
the Labor Commissioner to Sacramento
for presentation to the Senate committee
to-night, asking for favorable considera
tion of the proposed laws.
Speeches were made by E. D. Laynet,
Mrs. Cafe, Geor-e Speed, E. Berg, C. H.
holcomb, George L-ifayette and others.
CHECK-RAISERS.
Ingenious Methods Used by Swindlers
to Accomplish Thoir Purposes.
The recent arrest of the ringleaders of
regular check raising and forging syndi
cates has been a revelation to the public,
but has made generally known a state of
affairs of which bankers and secret service
men have been aware for many years.
The Government offered a reward many
years ago for a writing ink which could
not be removed by acids or other chemi
cals. There were hundreds of inks offered
and not one of them met the require
ment. Those that actually were indelible
wore worthless for writing and would not
flow, while the best of those that would
flow were only indelible when allowed to
lie a long time on a porous paper.
What is True as to inK is true as to the
thousand ami one mechanical devices for
protecting commercial paper, which have
been put upon the market. There are
four or five tirms in New York alone
which have made from $1,000,000 to $4,000,
--000 each by the manufacture and sale of
articles of this kind, not one of which but
has. been "beaten" scores of times, and
not one of which is of the slightest value
except as against the efforts of the merest
tyros in the check-raising industry.
So profitable has become the forging
and check-raising industry that capital
ized syndicates have deliberately engaged
in it and have stolen great sums in an in
credibly short time.
Carelessness in making out checks is, of
course, a fruitful Bounce of crime, as in
many instances the possibility of making
a safe alteration is glaringly before the
eye. This temptation has brought many
a young man to ruin, but the losses from
this sotirce are trifling compared with
those from the regular professional check
raisers. These gentry have an equipment
of tools and chemicals as complete in their
way as the tools used by burglars, and the
manufacture of these articles, especially
for criminal purposes, is quite as exten
sive as is the manufacture of burglars'
tools.. The outfit consists of three or four
kinds of acid* for removing inks; all the
various cutting machines U3ei for cutting
out figures in the body of .the check, a
device at one time supposed to be invul
nerable, bat one of tne easiest of all to
beat; a complete supply of twenty differ
ent kinds of delicate brushes and a palette
of artists' colors.
These colors and brushes are used to re
store the lines in tinted paver after the tint
has been taken out by tne acid used in re
moving the Ink. Great sums of money, by
the way, have been spent in the manufac
ture of this tinted paper — money entirely
thrown away, as the knaves have processes
which restore the tint wherever their
operations may have destroyed it and re
store it so perfectly as to utterly defy de
tection.
Tne nippers are used especially to beat
the figures out of the checfc or draft by the
various machines made for that purpose.
"With the nippers, which are curiously and
delicately pointed, the minutest particle of
paper can be picked up and deftly handled.
The width of the figure ia measured, and
then the expert knows, provided he does
not recognize it at a glance, which he gen
erally does, just exactly what machine cut
it. With his own corresponding machine
he cuts the same figure from the same kind
of paper— for a stock of every variety of
paper used is part of his equipment — and
tills in the cut-out figures by the aid of
the nippers and his materials for dressing
and hardening down the surface after his
work is done.— New York World.
CREMATION GETTING POPULAR.
The Prejudice Against Incineration
Disappearing.
Cremation , as a means of disposing of
the bodies of the dead, when first tried in
New York State on December 4, 1885, at
tracted a great deal of attention, and
there was also considerable discussion as
to the relative merits ol the new method
as compared to the usual custom of un
derground burial. Many people were
superstitious regarding incineration.
People were at first loath to give consent
to this disposition of the bodies of their
friends and relatives. Those who favored
the new method urged its adoption, giv
ing as their reason for the change that it
was cleaner, cheaper, and did away with
the necessity of elaborate funerals. It was
also urged that the incineration of bodies
of persons who had died from contagious
diseases would lessen the dangers of con
tagion and would be the eafest way in
which to dispose of such bodies. On the
other hand, the fear of burial alive caused
some strongly to advocate incineration,
says the New York Tribune.
As an aid to the adoption of the new
method, indorsements were secured from
ministers and from others, in which they
say there was nothing unscriptural in dis
posing of the dead by means of fire, and
advocating the method as more cleanly
than burial.
The firat incineration in New York
State was at the New York Fresh Pond
CeTietery, on Long Island, facing the
Luiheran Cemetery, jnst north of Fresh
Fond station, on the Long Island rail
road. This was on December 4, 1885,
Since that time, despite assertions by
some to the contrary, incineration has
grown in popularity, and it is said that
there is an increase of fifty incinerations
a year. The number of cremations at
Fresh Pond up to the beginning of the
present year is given as 188 L.
■ Of this number 1213 bodies were those of
men, 98 of boys, 496 of women and 73 were
the bodies of girls. Thirty -five dollars is
charged for the incineration of a body.
This charge is only for the mere consum
ing of the body by means of heat, the
body being placed in an airtight compart
ment of an immense furnace. Enough
ashes are left to fill a small-sized urn. It
takes several hours to dispose of a body,
after which the ashes are collected and
placed in an urn which has previously
been purchased. Often the ashes are
taken away by friends and at other times
they are deposited in alcoves in the walls
of the columbarium where the body has
been incinerated. By the request of
friends endeavoring to carry out the pe
culiar wishes of the departed the ashes
are often taken and thrown to the four
winds.
There is a charge for the door whicn is
placed in front of the niche. Tne urns
may be bought for from $9 50 up to $45,
while the niche in the wall costs from $15
to $25, according to its location in the wall.
To the cost of the incineration, whicn is
$35, must be added the coit of the urn for
the a^hes and the niche for the reception
ol the urn. When the body is borne to
the columbarium in carriages there is ex
tra charge, according to the number of car
riages brought into service. Witn this
method there is no necessity for the pur
chase of a burial lot, although many peo
ple bury the ashes. The maximum cost
for incineration, including the purchase of
an urn, the leasing of a niche to receive
the urn, the door of the niche, and all ex
penses, not including the hire of car
riages, does not exceed $125 or $150 at most.
POLICE OF TWO CITIES.
London* Deal With Burglars and Those
of Paris With Murderers.
Some interesting comparisons have been
made between the police of London and
those of Paris in connection witn the an
nual report for the year 1895 issued from
Scotland Yard. In the first place it has
been ascertained that the London consta
bles cost less than that the Paris sergeants
de vilie, or agents, although they are one
third more numerous and have to deal
with a more extensive population. The
London Metropolitan Police, for instance,
are supposed to patrol an extent of terri
tory larger than Pari«, with the extramu
ral boroughs of Si. Cloud, Meudon and
Sevres included.
The Paris "sergots," as the criminals
call them, arrest annually about 267 mur
derers or perpetrators of bloodthirpty
assaults, whereas in London there were
only an average of eighteen cases of ac
complished or attempted assassination in
a year. In the matter of burglary, how
ever, London eclipses Paris. The great
British metropolis harbors a small army
of housebreakers, who in general do suc
cessful work, while the housethieves on
the French side of the channel are fre
quently handicapped by the doorkeepers.
The figures from the Scotland Yard re
port show that during 1895 there were
2625 cases of burglarious entry into
houses and shops. For the same period
in Paris there has been an average of 979
burglaries.
Struck by Meteors.
Somebody has said it is rather curious
that in view of the number of meteorites
that fall to the earth every year no one
has ever been killed or hurt by one. This
is a mistake. In the year 616 a meteoric
stone fell in China, shattering a cart and
killing ten men. It may bo asserted that
the population of the Mongolian empire
is so dense that it would be difficult to
miss a Chinaman. But other countries
have known similar accidents. About the
close of the seventeenth century a Cap
tain "Willmann reported that two of his
sailors were killed at sea by the fall of a
nine-pound meteorite. Not long after
this a monk was killed near Milan in the
same way, wniie a meteor which fall near
New Concord in 1860 broke a railroad tie
in two.
BOLCE COMBATS
TIE OLD THEOLOGY
The Reporter Preacher
Pleads for Natural
Religion.
Opposes the Formalism of Creeds
and Urges a Return to
Theism.
He Offers a Flan to Make the Religion
of Humanity Take the Place of
All Others.
Rev. Harold Bolce, formerly a newspa
per reporter and lately founder of the Cos
mopolitan Church, preached at Metropol
itan Temple last night on "The Religion
of Humanity— A Substitute for Theol
ogy."
The discourse was somewhat combative
and critical of old creeds and the speaker's
plea throughout was tor a return to pure
theism and tor confidence in human des
tiny. He said :
"The laughter of a child and the song of
a bird are as sacred as the solemnities of
theology. We need a return to primitive
ideals and we must learn to worship in
nature's cathedral.
"i do not believe much in sermons as
such. The world needs but to be re
minded of its duty. We want to preach
the old gospel of God, the same that was
sung in the Vedic humus and among the
old shepherds of the Holy Land. This re
ligion is older than the apostles."
The following excerpts are a sample
of the new minister's ideas:
"Every church has certain spiritual
ideals to which it aspires and certain re
ligious traditions which it labors to have
humanity espouse. All that is beautiful
in these aspirations and memories enlists
our sympathy, just as that which is fun
damentally good and true appeals to all
cultivated and liberal minds.
"But with these teachings have been
retained theologic symbols, sacerdotal
form 9of worship and anthropomorphic
conceptions of God. which have served a
great purpose in the development of hu
manity, but which are no longer necessary
as spiritual helps to enlightened religious
souls.
"We do not reject the old-time symbols
in a hostile sense, but in the same spirit
in which we put aside the abacus and
other nursery adjuncts when we enter
higher schools of learning.
"Upon this old theology, with its fables,
its incredible prodigies, its limiting beliefs
in God and man, and all its fantastic and
poetic mlraculism — a childlike theology
that nas thrilled and satisfied humanity
in the kindergarten age of man's develop
ment — we look back musingly, lovingly,
just as we conjure to memory the toy
wonders, the wooden heroes, and all the
bewildering imaginings of childhood, or
revol in the imagery of Greek or Norse
mythology."!
Killed In Battle.
. The Vermont Brigade of Getty's Divi
sion, Sixth Corps, suffered the greatest loss
of life of any brieads that took part in the
War of the Rebellion. The total deaths
on the Held or through wounds was 1172.
Its hardest fight was at the Wilderness,
where it left 195 of its members dead and
1017 wounded and reported 57 missing.
Its total list of casualties at the Wilder
ness and Spottsylvania was 1645 killed or
wonnded out of a membership of 2800.
The Iron Brigade of the West, composed
of the Second, Sixth and Seventh Wis
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
Are you subject to headaches?
Yea, doctor.
About how often do you have them
headaches?
Twice a month, doctor.
Your headaches are always accompanied
with nausea?
Yes, doctor.
Yon say yon can always tell when these
headaches are coming on?
Yes, doctor.
How long do they last?
Five or six hours, doctor.
Have yon noticed after a hearty meal-
especially if the Btomach is overloaded—
these headaches appear?
Yes, doctor.
Do you suffer from constipation ? ,
Always, doctoi.
Frequently from overloading the stomach
you cause a sluggish condition of the liver,
or, as we doctors term it, a torpid liver.
Madam, your headache may be traced di-
rectly to the liver, many people suffering
as you do from a liver headache. I can
give you relief. You must take your
medicine regularly. It will be a mild
liver siimulant and will contain no mineral
drugs. You need vegetable. It is neces-
sary to regulate the bowels. You can be
perfectly free from those headaches if you
take this prescription.
• R. For Mrs. . •
: JOY'B VEGETABLE
: BAKSAPARILLA :
: M. Big. (one bottle) :
: Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times :
: a day. When bowels are regular take :
; oae teaspoonf ul. ;
Don't let the druggist talk you Into
buying anything in place of our Home
Remedy— Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
M K*^k V ' W 7 p t ea . Unfltness to Marry, Eshanstii..- Drains Var?nn?^ bnity .
1 BEFokG .ho^^R Wofe»i^^^^^^^^^^
■ ccp ro , NE ,, r , re , beo ,^ns,r™^a i ;sTjs <Mi "''» Bu ' ia - *" h ° m "- a "
als. A written guarantpe given and money returned lit bS hnTP« rinn? t,^s OBfration.- 5000 testlmoni.
ILOO a box, six f 5.00. b/maii. Sen" fSSSS dmUr. SSmW &Ct ' Pf^^^t e£r^
Address DAVOL MliUIClifJB CO., 1170 ilarket street, San Francisbo, Cal For
cousin, Nineteenth Indiana and Twenty
fourth Michigan, suffered the greatest loss
in proportion to its numbers. At Mana?
sas the first four regiments were engaged
and the Josses were 148 killed, 626 wounded »
and 120 missing. At Gettysburg tboA
whole bripate was in action and the losses
were 1153 killed, wounded and missing out
Of 1883 engaged.
• — ♦ — •
The Kaiser has decided that a picture of
the German Empress shall be put in every
army barracks, so that soldiers shall be
able to recognize her when they see her.
HDDYAN
la the miglniest of all blood puri-
fiers and the grandest tonic this century
has seen. And \t never fail*.
HDDYAN
Is the only certain specific in caaei
of nervousness and that half-paralyzed
State of the organs of life.
HDDYAN
Is the great and true remedy
which hundreds of sufferers from IOBt
Vitality praise as un equaled.
HDDYAN
Is Just what you seed if yon have
a weak back, or if you feel premature de-
cay or lack of life.
HDDYAN >
Is the only purely vegetable and
therefore safe remedy for malignant
disease. No after effects.
HDDYAN
Is regarded as one of the greatest
discoveries of the century. Try it and
prove how true this is.
HDDYAN
Is what you need if you have film*
pies, sores or any skin disease. Cures in
thirty days, too.
HDDYAN
Is an absolute cure for kidney and
bladder ailments, ana you can rest as-
sured that it will animate.
HDDYAN
Is the only perfect liver regulator.
i It saves you, because it makes all your
i organs active ami sound.
HDDYAN
Is as swift in action as the electric
current. It goes right to the very root of
1 disease. Cures and heals.
HDDYAN
Is the property exclusively of the
I Hudson Medical Institute, at 5 Stockton
street. There only can you get it.
Circulars of the great Hudvan are sent
free to all who choose to ask for them or
Who will take the pains to write for
them. The Hudson Medical Institute Is
b: the Junction of Stockton, Market and
Kills streets. Go there and ■•• the
doctors* * .. . -. tSBwS SkWK&UHI
50T1CE miTLYG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
HIRE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
1 the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for' the Issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of San Jose," eta,
passed on the 21st day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordained that there should be issued. by said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $126 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 8100
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate of *y a per cent Der annum, payable seml-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to elva
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose Intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at tha
office or said City Clerk, at the City Hail In Han
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'olock
p. it,, on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
Gate June 1, 1897. and .the interest thereon lobe
paid seml-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter
both principal and interest payable In gold coin or
lawful money of the United States,
i said huh ' school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively from one to forty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series Is to include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after those In-
cluded in the next preceding series-
Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both inclusive,
and b ■ divided Into forty series numbered con-
secutively from one to forty, both inclusive each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series Is to '
include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series. • • . :
The first series of said high school bulldlne
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June, 1898, and one of the re-
maining series Is to be made payable on the first
day of June In each succeeding calendar year
thereafter, until and : including the year 1937
Said bonds are to be made payable to th» order of
Ihe purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
said bonds there Is to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of years
which such bond has to ran before its maturity
JK'' «""« Bt , at <: «ie price offered, the d.-scrlp-
« r ?f« h A 5 desired . and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of ,aid City, for at
least ten -per cent of the amount bid, said chec" to
be returned to bidder in case the bid Is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be Paid n old coin of the United states within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly rs-
8e 57. -. t J - W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 2d, 1897.
Baja California .
Damiana Bitters
TB A POWKUITI, APHRODISIAC AND
A specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organ*
of both sexes, and a great remedy for ■ diseases of
the kidneys and .bladder. A great . Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owu^Jeri-ar
no long-winded testimonials nece-sary. ' •
X-UiKi:, Alas &BKUXK, Agents
333 Market St., 8. F.— (Send for Circular)NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
The commander -in - chief, Governor]
Buiid. Adjutant-General Barrett and Brig
adier-General 'Wartield were in consulta
tion for some time in this City on Satur
day morning, and it was with a view to
call out the members of the guard on what
is known as "emergency call, 1 ' for the !
purpose of finding out what proportion of
the men could be found at the armories
and ready for duty upon short notice.
The day was chosen because Governor
Bndd had declared it a legal holiday, but
the clerk of the weather, who is no re
specter of legal holidays on short notice,
or of the scheme to turn the men out on
the hurry-me-quirk plan, interposed an
objection in the shape of a heavy drizzle
anil occasional showers. There being no
sicn of clearing up at noon, the heads of
the National Guard held another meeting
and decided to declare the emergency call
off on account of the weather.
About ten days ago one of the local pa
pers announced that one of the Assembiy
men had introduced a bili in the House
at Sacramento having for its object the
reorganization of the National Gaurd and
placing certain officers, who would be of- j
finally decapitated, on the retired list.
The purpose of the bill, as one could re<B
between the lines making the announce
ment in print, was the removal 01 Major-
General .lame?. Since the publication ef
forts have been made to rind a copy of that
bill, bui without success, and the ones in
Sacramento who oueht to know appear to
be entirely oblivious as to Us existence.
It may be that some one of the legislators
Las such a bill to offer and has not yet
done so.
The resignation of Colonei McDonald is |
Mil! (he subject of talk in <ri:ard circles, '
but the fact i hat he has tendered his res- j
ignation and that it has been accepted has i
not yet officially been made known, ana
until it is. no election can be called to
choose his successor.
There appears 10 be no one who
will oppose the promotion ot Lieutenant-
Colonel Duboce, .-i.id it also appears at
this time as if he wi.l continue in com
mand of the First Infantry, Second Bri
gade, having practically been the head of
the regiment 'or many months.
The inflowing orders nave been issued
in the matter of the inquiry into the af
fairs of Troop A, Cavalry:
Special Orders No. 1. i
A board 01 Inquiry is hereby convened to meet I
at headquarters of the divi-ion. 3-0 fcansorue
street, room 12, San Francisco, cal., on Monday. I
January IS, JS97. or as soon iherv-af m may be I
practicable, to iuve.stuate the condition of Troop j
A, Cavalry. X. U. C, I allotted at :~an Francisco, I
and to report their tindiiiES to the division com- !
mander. Detail for the board : Colonel Frank W. !
fcumQer. division inspector; . ieu eaant* olone! V. '
1). Pui(O(e. Hrst Infaniry; Captain Micnael J.
Burke, i roop C, Cavalry.
I he board will examine into the records, ac
counts and vouchers or the op. Particular at
tention wiii be given its financial condition, also
Its discipline, ihe board Is authorized to call be
fore i aDy officer or man con -lected with the >>
tional (iuord.
LieuienaiK-Coiouel Jacobs F. >mith, judge advo
ca;e, division, will assist he board.
By command of Major Uen. r^l Jatni-s.
.loH.V C < IRKIER.
Colonel and Assistant Ad.uitani-Ue.ieral. i
Official: J. ( . CIKRIKK, .A. A. L".
Notwithstanding the little matter of an
inquiry, the troop is going right along, i
and as they say in beneficiary organiza
tions, "taking in new members all the
time." On last Wednesday night nine |
men whose wames had been favorably re- [
ported on by the recruiting committee '
were elected, and the names ol sixteen j
more were presented and turned over to j
the committee for investigation. The {
name nicht Private Waiter Woodward ;
Price, at one time a member of Squalron j
A, N. G.. of the State of New York, '
was elected firt lieutenant of the i
troop, and First Sergeant W. Penniman !
was elected .second lieutenant, the vote in j
each case beiniz unanimous.
At the meeting of C mid G Companies, !
First Infantry, Second Rngade. held last i
Monday, the medals won by ruemDers at '
the Siate shoot were distributed. The '
championship medal went 10 Private j
Chris Meyer; first-class to Lieutenant C '
E. Goodeh, second-clas- to Sergeant W. !
Larkin, thiru-ciass to Pr.vate Norton and !
the fourth-class to Private Peter Bull, j
After that there was a distribution to the
members of eighty prizes that were <on
tributed by friends 01 the companies, to
be contested for at the company shoots.
Captain Marshall, drill-master of the
local police lorce, wants to be major in the
First if it should happen that Major Bux
t.on is promoted to the lieutenant-colonelcy
of tha'. regiment.
At the annual meeting of the boarri of
officers of the First InfHntry, Second Bri
tade, held hist Thursday, nothing wasdone
eyond the announcement that Colonel
McDonald bad resigned and the discus
sion of possible bills which may be intro
duced in the House or Senate to change
the status of the National Gu.trd. The
consensus ol opinion as expressed at the
meeting was that the guard does not need
reorganization at this time, but that it
does need assistance to place it on a bet
ter footing.
Third Brlg.de.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. 15.— There
has been a very fair attendance at drill
during the past week among the local
companies of the National Guard in this
city, but as yet they have not fairly re
covered from their month of rest, and are
by no means well up in Doint of attend
ance and drill. Company E turned out ss
strong last nitrht, and went through the
mual drill in body movements and man
ual exercise. This company is desirous to
match twenty to twenty- five men, in a
lifty iibot to the man contest, with any
company in the State for a supper, ths
companies to exchange targets and to mu
tually agree upon inspectors, elc. They
have admi:tcd a number of new members
and have other applications on file, which
will be acted on immediately.
The cavalry troop has also returned to
their drills and are niso coming into form
rapidly. They are preparing for a field
day to" be held in the near future, and are
more than anxious to be Bupphea with
regulation carbines in order that they may
improve at tho butts.
Company G turned out fifty-four men at
drill on Monday night and practiced at
Davonet exercise and company move
ments. They have elected a new shoot
ine committpe, consis-tinar of Corpora!-
Ullery »nd Miliiken au<i Privates Aine,
Stripling and Peters, who will formulate
plans to bring the exppnsesof target prac
tice within ■ !ie amount allowed' by Cap
tain Sterns for that par pose, and will en
deavor to stimulate enthusiasm in the
shooting line by offering suitable medals
for competition. They are also empow
ered to procure erounds on which to erect
300 and 500 yard ranges and have been
pi need in charge of the target?, etc.
Armorer Phil Cook is greatly exercised
in mind over this matter, as he claims
that in case of war with Spain or any
other foreign power the members of
the company will stana but little chance
of being included in the ranks of the
stmrpshooting element unless practice is
begun immediately.
The favorite of the company. Quarter
master Kline, has become a benedict, and
ih» members of G claim that they head
the list of ail the companies in the State
in the number of married men in the
rank:-, possessing at the present time
twenty-nine, with numerous others in
picspective.
Considerable indignation exists against
headquarter* because of objections which
have been stated against the companies
using any surplus which may accrue,
:ifter payment of rents, etc., from their
$100 per month State allowance in the
purchase of ammunition witb which to
improve at the butts; and there are many
of the enlisted men who openly declare
that they will not re-enlist again owing to
this regulation which the adjutant-yen
eral's office is endeavoring to enlorce. They
claim that they should be allowed to ex
pend their surplus a* they please as long
as they settle all bills and keep t eir
company stock up in shape. They say
that at present the greatest need of the
companies is to improve in their rifle
practice and they think t iat the adjutant
general's office should not object to their
claims, or rather vouchers for money ex
pended for ammunition, which they
claim has been done.
The company commanders in this City
are in lavor of having a sufficient amount
appropriated by the Legislature for en
campment purposes, so that the mon can
be paid at the rate of $2 per day wiiile in
camp and do iheir own cooking, etc.
They claim that the majority of the men
are "working men to wnom it is an object
not to iose a day's employment and that
they frhould be partially reimbursed while
out on Stale work. Here:ofore it has been
customary when holding encampments to
hire waiters, cooks, etc., but it is thought
that encampments should be a<< near ac
tual service as possible: men to ereciMheir
own tents, cook their own provision * by
messes, and in all ways conform to active
service duty. It i» greatly desired to hear
trie expressions of the other captains of
companies throughout the State on this
subject.
Signal tVrps, Third Brigade.
During the month of December the sig
nal corps of the Third Brigade took its
annual "lay-off." They ushered in the
Curistmas month in a most becoming
manner by giving their rirat annual ball
on the evening of Tuesdsy, December 1.
The dance was a most elaborate affair, be
ing held in Armory Hall, which was
beautifully decorated for the occasion
with bunting, flags and flowers. The
walls on each side of the hall were dec
orated with the crossed flags of the signal
corps and between the galleries and chan
deliers streamers of bunting and flans of
every color ur.d description were strung in
pleasing profusion. Neale's Orchestra,
which was placed on tne stage, was em
bowered in a mass of potted palms, ferns
and other evergreens and added very
much to the enjoyment of the occasion by
playine a number of extra concert pieces.
The officers' quarters were open and a
little extra collation was served to the old
•'w.-ir-horses" present, among wdom were
Colonel Peeler, Colonel Guthrie, Major
Wallace, Major and Signal Officer Dougias
and other general and commissioned offi
cers of the National Guard. A large bowl
of punch, Mnother of lemonade and cakes
and sandwiches were dispensed to the
dancers in the hall.
The grand march was led by Major
Douglas ana Mrs. Colonel Peeler, while
the colonel himself, who was at the time
suffering from a severe sprain occasioned
by being thrown from his horse, had to
content himself by wafching the dances
from the gallery. The committee on ar
rangements, to wlioiu much credit is due
for the success of the affair, consisted of
Sergeant Watkins and Corporals Byrne
and Roblin. "When the "Home Sweet
Home" waltz was over, many happy
couples said to one another that Lieuten
ant Martin's command hall '"done them
selves proud," and went home with the
intention of meeting the Signal Corps
ag tin.
The terms of Sergeants Bailey and Mar
tin have expired, but, as they are most in
timately connected with the corps, they
will probably r -enlist.
Lieutenant Martin is at present out of
town on a trip for hi« firm through Placer
and El Dorado counties. On account of
his absence the annual meeting of the
corps, for the election of civil officers and
nppointment of committees, was post
poned till January 12.
Trie reuular annual meeting of the S g
nal Corps, Third Brigade, was held on the
evening of Tuesday, the 12th inst. The
reports of the treasurer (Lieutenant Mar
tin), the first sergeant (Bailey) and the
secretary (Sergeant Watkins) were sub
mitted to the assemb.ei members. The
report of Lieutenant Martin shows the
corps to be in a much better condition
tban it ever has been before. Sergeant
Bailey's report showed the average at
tendance at drills during 1890 to have
Deen very close to 90 per cent. The secre
tary's report reviewed the work of the pre
vious year and called attention to the fact
that the signal corps of the various brig
ades had led all other branches of the
service in efficiency, personnel and gen
eral merit, according to reports of the
officers in charge of the inspection of 1896.
Tiie following committees were appointed
for the ensuing year: On exaniinaiion —
Sergeant Bailey, Sergeant Watkins, Cor
poral Taylor; on finance — Corporal Cosby,
Privates Harvey and Leitch. Sergeant
I Watkins was unanimously re-elecied sec
' retary. After the transaction of routine
business the members sat down t<> a little
"Dutch" supper provided for the occasion.
WOODLAND, Cau. Jan. 15.-Every
thing is quiet in military circles in thl%
place. Last Wednesday evening two new
members were admitted, and there are
two applications on the board to be acted
on at the next meeting. The company is
in charge of First Lieutenant Ward' at
present, Captain Prindle bein^ at Oroville
on business. A prominent business man
o, the town has promised the company a
flag; ao we may expect to see it flying
from the new flagpole in the near future.
The football team is out practicing every
day, and at night hold signal practice in
the armory. The team has a game they
practice for wind called hand football.
The ball can neither be carried nor kicked,
but must be advanced by punching or by
throwing from one to the other. The
team is anxious for some of the other
companies to get up teams and then play
a series of ganes for the championship.
The gmnd annual ball will take place
about the sth of February.
The captain has not as yet found a
place suitable ior the 300 and 500 yard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
A Group of the Hawaiian National Guards* Best Riflemen Who Participated in a JOO-Man Match With a Team From the First
Regiment, N. G. G
ranges, and the chances are very slim of
the company getting a place for them.
The Sixth Infantry.
MERCED. Cal., Jan. 14.— The members
of Company ri, Sixth Infantry, have set
tled down for another year's work after
the December holidays and with a deter
mination to make a showing for their
i time. A clans in the drill regulations has
'• been organized, which meets on Tuesiay
evenings for study and discussion. Ser-
I geant Guthrie has charge of the class. It
will take up a study of the drillbook, sup
plemented by a tnoroueh practical drill
and practice in 'he giving of commands.
The object of the class is primarily to tit
I the students for non-commissioned posi
! tions. Later, if a sufficient number desire
j to take the course, it will be extended to
j cover tne elements of military science.
The resignation of Second Lieutenant
D. G. Banibauer nas been accepted by the
I commander-in-cliief and the election for a
successor is expected to be ordered at an
early date.
Much interest is being manifested
j BKoni; the members of the company in
! the domes of the Legislature, so tar as the
| National Guard is concernei. A member
of the company whose service in the
National Guard of this and other States
extends over a period of fifteen years said
to the correspondent the other day: "We
1 are closely watching all propositions
I brought before the Legislature on our be
! half and sincerely hope that whatever
action they make take will be tempered
with wisdom. I notice some talk of fur
ther reorganization.
"The spreading of suc'i i 'eas will not
beneht us in the least. Wa want more
encouragement and atienuon Irom our
! higher officers, and less tinkering with a
1 badly-built code. We have lately been
I reorganized, and all we need is time to
i get settled down to the new regime. Un
doubtedly there is friction in the First
Infantry; further legislation would not
| help them, but it would hurt us in the in
| lerior reg rnenis, for we always suffer from
! the scramble for offices that is always go
ing on in San Francisco. A few colonels
or general officers who would evince a
personal interest in their righting material,
| and who would stop squaobling over who
j is the senior or who has the 'puli,' would
i reorganize a system that needs it more
than legislation. The life lias nearly been
crushed out of the service by red tape
bunglingly unwound, and gilt braid pro
j fusely given here and there. regardles3 of
j military ability. Enlisted men become
j very tired of being apologized for when
ever an occasion presents itself by an
epatiletted commission-holder. If ihere
is to beany chanire o! law this session,
I no hing couid be better than the proposed
■■ changes embodied in the report of the
i Code Commi-sion."
A TRUE SOLDIER.
Although r.ii.llv Shot Up, He Was True
to the Old i'lag
A visit from Norman S. Bull, clerk of
t{ie Circuit Court for Crawford County, re
minded me of a war incident well worth
telling. At the battle of the Wilderness,
in 1864, Sergeant Bull was shot in the
face, the bullet passing from one cheek to
the other, tearing off his upper jaw, or so.
nearly that it hung by a brittle thread, as
it were. He walked off the field and in
due time brought up at a Washington
hospital, remaining there until Septem
ber, or four months, when he returned to
his regiment for duty.
A silver plate had been adjusted to take
the place of the upper jaw, but it was
painful and worked but poorly. Captain
Thomas Kerr, later lieutenunt-colonel,
was commanding the regiment, and he
said to Bull: "For the love of all that's
good, Sergeant Bull, w.. at are you back
uere for?"'
"Oh, I came back to go on duty, cap
tain." Then a happy thought struck the
captain, and he asked: "Look here, how
would you Jikt» to be division commis-ary
sergeant? You would have plenty of time
there to soak your hard bread and to cook
pancakes."
"I guess I'd like that. Can you get it
for me?"
"I'll try."
Then Captain Kerr rode over to brigade
headquarters and proceeded to business,
after this fashion:
"General, Sergeant Bull has come back.
As you know, bis mouth is all shot to
pieces. He can't tear cartridges any
more, and to eat hardtack is out of the
question. Can you pet him in as commis
sary-sergeant at division headquarters? '(|
The general squinted, after the fashion
when a question that he takes deep in
terest in comes up betore him, and said:
'"Tom"— be always called Colonel Kerr
"Tom" when he didn't call him
"Chicken"— "Tom, Sergeant Bull is as
good v soldier ay the old regiment ever
had. Few men would have come back in
his condition. I think you ought to
recommend him for a commission. He
will get along some way with his rations
if we c<in relieve him from cartridge-tear
ing."
That afternoon a letter left camp signed
by Captain Thomas Kerr, commanding
the regiment, requesting that Sergeant
Norman S. Bull I>j commissioned a lieu
tenant.
Two or three weeks later the commis
sion came and he served the balance of
the war, or up to Gravelly Run, as an offi
cer. He was wounded at Hatcher's Run
in February and again at Gravelly Run
the last day of March. He was shot five
times, and three of the wounds were seri
ous ones. Those in his face made him a
irreat sufferer for eighteen years, and re
quired so much attention, so much medi
cal skill, that it used up nearly everything
{ lie had. It cost tiie lieutenant something
i to keep Old Glory in the breeze, but he
says that if he "had 1000 lives he'd rather
see them • .Id down than to see that flap
come down 1.1 disgrace." — Chicago Times-
Herald.
Relief Seemed Permanent.
The Doctor — Here's the bill for your
husband's treatment. I'll be triad to allow
you 20 per cent off for cash.
The Widow — But you said that you
would not charge anything if you didn't
relieve him.
The Doctor — So I did. Have you heard
him complain lately ?— Cleveland Leader.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take larattve Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
Cists reiuud the money ix It falls to cure. iiac.
MEN WHO KNOW
HOW TO SHOOT
Great Interest in the Result
of the Hawaiian
Match.
The Islanders Coofiient of Win
ning the later-Republic
Trophy.
Military Marksmen and German
Sharpshooters at Schu -\t a and
Shell Mound.
The members of the First Regiment N«
G. C. who took part in the big 100-man in
ter Republic rifle match are waiting with
much interest for th« scores from the
island marksmen. News from Honolulu
is expected every day. When the First
Regiment's marksmen shot their ha.f of
thr match on the 10th inst at the S:ie!l
Mound range the weather and wind were
against tueni and the team made but 3952
points out of a possible 5000. or an average
of 39.52 points per man. Tne latest news
from tne islands is irom George Mauson,
who says:
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 7.— At this
writing much interest is owing manifested
in tliis city over the forthcoming Interna
tional shooting inatca between the Na
tional Guards of California and Hawaii.
! The management of the affair for the Ha
| waiian team has been unanimously placed
I in the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher,
| not only because he is one of ihe best
siiOts in the regiment, but because of his
well-known interest in such matters, and
his knowledge of the men in his com
j mand.
According to present arrangements the
I Hawaiian team will shoot their end of the
! mutch on Saturday, January 9, and the
i result should reach your cty by the
| steamer Rio Janeiro, leaving here the foi
! lowing Uay. The various companies com
posing the regiment have been practic ng
more or less faithfully at tlie butts during
the past month to see who is to have the
honor of getting a place on the team
which is to represent triese little flyspecks
iof islands. Colonel Fisher has finally
selected the team, with a few vacancies to
be tilled at the last minute. Those al
ready announced are:
Field and staff — Lieutenant-Colonel
Fisher Major Jones Captain Shaefer,
Drum-major King and S.rgeant-Majors
Clay and Elvm.
Company A— Bordfeldt, Duchalsky, Pet
er-on, Edsruan.
Company B— Riley, Cummins, Olsen,
Schmidt, Giles, Hagerup. Schorield,
Frasher, Waity, Bolster and Captain
White, »
.Company C— Ferreira, Speckman and
Captain Camara.
Company D— Burnette, Johnson, Benr
strom, Gere, Aruark, Butler, Decker,
Charlock, Nott, Smith, Lemon, Macy,
Cook. Buchanan, W. Wilder, H. Wilder,
McKinnen, Boyti, Smith.
Company F— Fiorel, Scott, Sproat, Tay
lor, Gouvea, Middl6ton, Kiesier, Moore,
j Overbeok, Wiuant, Seybold, Whitehead,
i Killbey, Sutton, O'Connor, Miller, Gep
pert, Moore.
Company F— Gumpfer, Ferey, Johnson,
Ludwig, Hanevold, Vollberg, Luahiwa,
Fitzsimmons, Hinds, Friedersuort, Peter
son, Bechert, "Mulietner, Johnson, Ross,
Wallace, Austin.
Company G — Rose, Keli'pio, Mahonev,
Morse, Rose, Wilcox, Kuliti, Devaucheile,
Wallace, Sherwood, Kealoha, Kapai.
Company H — Souza. Costa*
There are ninety-ihree men in the fore
going list, and two average scores made
by them foot up 3996 :md respectively,
which will give California marksmen an
idea of what they have to beat. Company
A. does not possess many good shots, be
ing composed mainly of men working on
the Government dredger. Company B
is represented in the team by ten men. ail
good shots. Company C is com
posed mostly of Portuguese and has
but a very few good shots. Com pan v D
has twenty representatives in the team,
the largest of any company, out of whom
the best marksmen are Burnette and
Johnson, both sale forty-four men. Com
pany E has some srood shots or Colonel
Fisher would not have selected seventeen
men from v ior his team. There are also
some tine shots among t> c seventeen men
selected from Company F. Company Gis
composed mostly of native Hawaiians,
their best shot being Sergeant Rose with
forty-two.
In an interview with Colonel Fisher
that gentleman told The Call correspond
ent, in response 10 a question as to what
he thought of Hawaii's chances in the
coming match, that he thought the isl
anders would win, although it would be
by a very narrow margin. "I rely on our
general average," said the colonei. "While
we have no phenomenal shots like the
California team, still we may make a bet
ter showing."
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
A Lively Competition for Twenty-
Five Cash Prizes Presented by
Captain F. Schumann.
Shooting began earlier Ihnn usual at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. A representa
tive body of marksmen lineal up in front
of the Grutli ranges soon after 9 o'clock to
take part in the first grand prize-shooting
contest of the new year*, which is held
periodically under the auspices of F.
Schumann, the park proprietor.
Something like $150 was offered in cash
prizes, ranging all the way from $25 to $1.
There were twenty-nine prizes in all.
With the exception of forty- nve min
utes' intermission at midday, firing was
continued without ceasing until 5:30
p. M., when the rapidly waning light made
it necessary to close the ranges.
Four shots were allowed per man at the
twenty-tive-ring target and the rules of
the Caliiornia Schuetzen Club governed
the contest. Following are the prize
winners and their re.-pective scores:
D. W. McLaughlin 93, J. Utsctiig 91, A.
Btrecker 90. F. Attincer 90, F. V. Schuster 89,
C. Thitrbacn 89, A. Gehrct 88, A. Breuss 87.
D. B. Fnkior Bb\ L. Ritzau Bti, K. A. Kuhls 86,
A. Jungblut b5, T. J. Carroll 85, P. Jacuby 85,
L. hen.ieil 85, J. Jones- 84, P. Brunoai 84. C. J.
Walaenß4»A. Batle.son 84, R. Lauger 84, J.
Fetz 83, O. Bremtr 82, J. fiirauD bl, J. Stuuton
81, J. I. Rob.nson 81.
First bullseye, forenoon, Captain F. At
tinger; last Duilseye, forenoon, L. C. B:i
--bin; nrst bullsseye, afternoon, Captain F.
Attinger; last bullseye, afternoon. J. Ut
schig.
The California Schuetzen Club held its
initial bullseye shoot of the new year, tne
attendance or members being more than
ordinarily large. No very sensational
centers were made, however, though the
average scoring was fairly good. A.
Utschig headed the list of moutuly win
ners with a center of 97 points, and some
distance behind him came Messrs. Jacoby
and KahwyJer with 124 and 172 points re
ap ctively.
The complete scores are as follows:
Paul Brunotti 707, F. Attinger (532. P.
Jacoby 124, H. Kuins 1324, L. U. Babin 1012,
J Wollmer 1012, J. Jones 439, C. Sa-eboru
1000, H. Scuroeder 1903, P. F. Schuster 1459,
U. .Niioman 1092, R Stettin 401, A. N. Boy en
13OU, R. Linger 2372. D. C Kanin 2119. A.
Juusbiut 572, T. Kuuls 1332, NoMeii 20!>3,
C. tgtiug 975. J. Utscuig 808, U'H.doii
1505. J. Fitz 723, C. Thiurbaeh 1875,
A. Breuu 785, A. Bartleson 412. A. Genret
15J0, Dr. Riehl9Bo, I>. VV. Mclaughlin 733, T.
J. Cirroll 906, W. Ehrenpfort 1700, J. B. Tur
ner 915, L. Buudel 189 a, A. Uuchig 97. D. B.
Fakior 794, J. Straub 1515, J. C. Waiter 415,
Kullmau cadet, 749, A. HampeL 1584, M.
K-übola 983. A. Stricter 1411, A. Reuuold
91b", L. R üboid 1309, L. Ritzau 1079, O.
Kremer 1707, A.Rahwy Ur l72,F.Muller 789. 11.
Eekman 1723, F. Mason 579, J. F. Robiusou439.
The hrst monthly uiedal shoot of the
San Francisco Turner Sehuetzeu was ren
dered memorable by a close and spirited
contest for supremacy between J. Utschig
and Ptiiio Jacoby. The former led his op
ponent until 6 P. M. with a score of 420
rings, but Jacoby eventually emerged a
winner by one ring. Following are the
scores:
Champion class— l, I'hilo Jacoby, 421; 2,
J. r.scnig, 420. First class— l, Fred Kommer,
364; 2, Joseph Straub, 350. Second oiuss — 1,
< narles Nieisen, 371; 2, Charles Randolph,
330. Third class — Joseph Uassner, 320. First
iM--i shot, F. Kommer, 24; last best shot, L.
Tnlerbach, 25.
The result of the same club's annual
medal snooting for the past year was as
follows:
Champion class, John Utschig; first class, L.
Thierlmch; second class, L. Bruue; third class,
Henry Stleber; first b.*st snot, R. Finking; last
best shot, Captain F. Attinger.
MILITARY MARKSMEN.
First and Fifth Regiment Musket
Shots at the Shell Mound
Ranee,
There was a fair representation of
marksmen at the Shell Mound rifle range
yesterday, but they were all of the mili
tary order. During most of the day the
lijiht was bright; too bright, in fact, to be
satisfactory, for it frequently caused a
blur on the sights anl bullseyes.
Companies A and F of the Fifth Kegi
ment were well represented and the shoot
ing was up to the average. It is said that
the marksmen of the Fifth have placed a
chip upon the regiment's shoulder, so to
speak, which they would lilce to see the
best men of the First knock off. before
the last team shoot of the First's crack
team of 100 men, which took place last
Sunday in the inter-republic match with
the Hawaiian National Guard, the best
shots of the Filth stated that they would
like to meet the pick of the First, pro
vided the latter did not go over 40 average.
As the average was less than that num
ber of points the men of the Fifth believe
that they are in a position to meet or
equal terms the regiment that has put
forth so many good musket shots in the.
past. Arrangements lor a team mate; be
tween the two regiments may be made
beiore very Ion;:.
Possibly with such an event in view the
men of Companies A and F were out to
warm up mure than usual yesterday. Of
course the more experiences marksmen
held their own, and more than this, they
put in more time coaching the lesser
lights in marksmanship. The scores of
i the two companies in their monthly medal
shoot*, ten shots, military target, were as
follows:
Company A, Fifth Regiment— Bodwcll 33,
Kohler 27, Gusmore 27, Cron 12. Langford 23,
Corporal 'fait 35. Corporal McGill 40, tiereeaut
Brin 39, King 35, C. D. Smith 22, Glass 12, C.
Puckett 39, Fellows 18, Corporal Littletield
38, G. W. Puckett 38, R. K. McKilltcan 33, J.
EUis 34, McCotnos 19, G. W. Brown 37. Lieu
;. nuiii Vaughn 39. A. Jaiuiigan 40, 11. Taber
37, Sergeant Downie 44, Sergeant Dixon 18,
c.iptain Pointer 45, C. Ponlter33, C. H. Ellis
35, V. Brink 40, J. Moiler 2. <'. brown 29.
Company F, Fifth Regiment— We:is4l, Stock
ing 39. A. "Sears 40, J. Brewer 39, Mxgennis
37, Beed 37, Howland 3«. Peterson 30, Nlek
ersou 36, Miller 33, Rowe 33, Bennett 34,
I/.eut. Wenk 37, Mudge 33, W. Griffin 34.
Sutgen 32, LabnlUsier 30, Cary 30, A. Harri
son 31, A. U. Wilson 29, Cobbledick 45, R.
U&Daeu 43, Carney 39. A. W. Blakely 39,
Mitchell 35, Darling 37, Bray 29, Withern 2«,
C. P. Qriffln 20. C. W. Bcoit 27, F. Parsons 25,
A. Bre«er22, Crone 14. McMillan 11, Whalte
19, Davis 21, Weylen 22, Htffernau 4, Steven
son 32, Sell warting 33, W. G. Leonard 41.
The attendance at the regular monthly
contests for medals of the City Guard,
Company B, was as good as usual. As a
rule this company has a full representa
tion at every contest and tue scores taken
as a whole are above the average. Those
made yesterday were all *ood. but no
very brilliant performances mariced the
event. The scores were as follows:
Company H, City Guards First Regiment—
H. C. Taylor 42, C. Lin dicker 39, C. Pinn 44.
G. Heizman 40, G. Sullivan -14, J. R Wear 40,
Ueorm- Claus-enius 40, S. Kouerts 34, A. E.
Hapthorpe 33, J. Miller 32, A. MeCulloch 41,
W. King 41, E. B. Peppin 40, U. Zan 32. Cap
tain G. Fllmer 41, E. L. Filmer 40, T. Woods
38.
For several weeks there has been a pri
vate match brewing among lour of the
better shots of the City Guards (Company
B), and after the company contest yester
day the men went to work to see which
side would carry off a $50 purse, \yhich
was to go to the winners. The conditions
were that G. Claussenius ami G. Heizman
were to shoot against C. Perry and C.
Lindecker a mntcn of fifty shots* each on
equal terms. The odd feature was that
the naineß of the first two are George and
tiie last two Charles, and yesterday they
were spoken of as the George and Charley
teams. As seen by the annexed scores,
in strings of ten shots, totals and grand
totals, tho Georges won by six points, or
419 to 4i3 out of a possible 500:
(Jeorge Claussenius 42 43 45 42 41—213
George Heizman 41 39 41 43 4'J— 2o6
Total 419
Charles Perry 47 47 44 44 45-227
Charles Linuecker 36 35 36 40 39—186
'lotal 413
NAME CHANGING IS COMMON.
Swedes, I.ik.- Witness in the Brain Case,
Take a New Name When They Wish.
With regard to legal and street talk on
the name or names of the helmsman of
the barkentine Herbert Fuller it is timely
and interesting to note what an authori
tative writer on Sweden says about the
custom of changing names in that coun
try. The helmsman in the Bram murder
trial is known by at least two names, Jus
tus Leopold Westberg and Charlie Brown.
He has said that he took the laiter name
because certain persons found the former
hard or inconvenient to pronounce, and
this averred change of cognomen has re
cently raised up considerable discussion if
not suspicion.
Charlie Brown's explanation is sup
ported in general by the following extract
from "Pictures of Life in Sweden." by
Mr^. Woods Baker, printed in New York
in 1894. Beginning on pace 117, her book
runs:
"You must never look askance at a
Swede in America because lie has changed
his name, even two or t.hree times, before
he has been fairly satisfied with his selec
tion. There is no shadow with him of an
alias that has left bad deeds behind it in
the old cuuntiy or the new. So the Swede
has seen men of respectability do at home,
without reproach or rebuse; so many
nobleman have done so on being en
nobled. Linnaeus became Carl yon Linne,
and Sweden borg'a father was Bishop
Swedborg.
"The frequency of the names ending in
'son' and the prevalence of some of them
create grent confusion in schools and uni
versities and even in the army and navy
among soldiers and sailors.
"The writer once heard a teacher, pre
senting himself in a house where he was a
stranger, say: 'My name is . It is my
name by accident. I took it in the semi
nary, where we were too many of the
same name and were told to ciioose an
otner for ourselves. I liked this one and
1 have kept it ever since.' * • * A son
may choose a name quite different from
! his father's, or even from his brothers',
| and bring no more disgrace upon tiiem
than if, in America, he had legally
changea his name to inherit a fortune,
with some honorable cognomen annexed."
— Boston Herald.
Scented Danger A bead.
Wiggles — Have yon heard the news?
They say old man Weatnerspoon has
joined the cnnrcli.
VV aggies— You don't say so! (Thought
fully.) Well. I suppose that's a good
thing for old Weatherspoon, but I confess
I am a little anxious about the members
of the church. — tiomerviUe Journal.
Montevideo is said to De the greatest
gambling place in the world.- Children
there bet as soon as they can talk, and
long before they can read.
NEW TO-DAT.
¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
; ¥**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ j
¥¥' ¥¥
¥¥ ¥¥
\J J Ghirar delii's Ground J*
¥¥ Chocolate is the so- ¥¥
** ltttionof aneconom- ?fj
¥¥ ical problem ; not a ¥¥
fjf| powdered prepara- t||J
i¥¥ tion whose strength ¥¥
l , fjlj is fleeting, but in it r?
¥¥ ¥¥
THE GOOD
of Chocolate
IS GROUND
¥ ¥ ' . \ ■ ¥¥
¥¥ ¥¥
v V into a form more vv
¥¥ convenient than the ¥¥
v^ ordinary cakes, and 99
¥¥ preserving; perfectly '**
ji^t the aroma and essen- <?*
'¥¥ tialoil. Made here. ♦♦
pv Fresh and pure. vr
J5 30c.alb. All Grocers. J J
j«*» : - ■'■:- ■ ■ ; ■■' ■:< V - • ¥*
AA6AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Radway's
"" H fl -
Pills
Purely vegetable, ml! d and reliable.' 1 Cure all dis-
orders of the stomnen, Liver, Bowels, : •
SICK HEADACHE, BILIOU XKSS. ■
INUIU STION, TORPID
DIZZY FKKLINOS, DYSPEPSIA.
Price 25 cts. per box. sold by all druggists-
KTEW TO-SAT.
PnTon's
COUGH
CURE.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops a cough,
allays irritation and soreness of the chest
and acts marvelously as a soothing aid
healing balm (or diseased lungs. It posi-
tively cures bronchial cough, with rattling
in the windpipe and tightness across the
chest, rattling cough with secretions of
mucus, hoarseness, loss of voice, soreness
of the chest, difficulty in breathing,
coughs from nasal catarrh, hacking rough
of old people, short, dry with quick breath-
ing; languor, debility and night sweats;
in fact, every form of cough and all t>ul-
monary diseases, where the lungs are not
too far consumed by the disease or covered
by tubercles. Price, 25c.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THK PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug cutters, who, having
forced the selling price of MUNYON'S
REMEDIES to cost, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend ■a* lining better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not bo de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting 3! US YON 'S.
dIWr sweany,
A '>hyBician whose reputation i* estab-
lished by ten years of successful practice
at 737 Market »1. , tan Francisco, Cat.
LOST Aud all tne attend-
• MAllunnn * n^ ailments of
mMnnuuu NERVOUS DEBl-
lity of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
| dizziness of the head, gloom
S and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND A " , blood
SKIN DISEASES. £ y nte cause
j whatsoever, eczema, etc.
| BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
i stricture, etc.
• RUPTURE. New method, sure
! cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi-
! tive,certain and permanent cure.
i LADIES Will receive special
| and careful treatment for all
j their many ailments.
WRITE away from the city.
i Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Call or address
S\ i-i. »\*7-:E.^:Nrsr, ivt.zd.
737 Market St., Man Francisco, C;il.
Signature Is printed In #" Jj
BLUE diagonally >tisT
across the /"V . jL/*
OUTSIDE f 1 V/"^\^>
wrapper M Qy yf
-J/J / of every
\Y / bottle of
I _j / (the Original
\ JjJ / and Genuine)
nyJ^x/ rccstershiro
SAUCE
Am a further protection against
all imitations.
I
I f Agents for the United Ststet, v
JOHN DUNCANS 'SONS. N^ v «
L. A.Bertellng Prea. H. >'ordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Kordman, Treai.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yei been
equaled. . ' ■
We have no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success^ -
DR.MCNULTY;
: n^irrs -KNOWN AND rkltable OI.I>
J. SpeciaUfiteura Privutp,>"<'rvous,r.l<K)<liiiTd Skin
Diseases of Mom only. Mnnly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured nt Hone. . Terms reasonable. Hours, ii to 3
dally ;6:3o to S-SOey'in. Sundays. 10 to 12.' Consulta-
tion free and sacredly con lUleiuial. Call or address
F>. ROSfOE ■«HVI»TT< M. D., '
MM Kearny Slrt-cl, San Francisco, C»l.
56
MONDAY JANUARY 18, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Portajre Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily and Sunday Call, on* rear, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx., three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Sajadjty Call, one year, by mail.. 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail ,1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
raMphOß Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
T«to»h«» Maln-1»74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner CUys open until
8:80 o'clock.
889 Hares street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
615 Carkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boom* SI and 88, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Bubßcribß to tbe carnival fund.
Let us make our frolic a ■world-beater.
It is going to be a real Cabinet and not
merely a Presidential bureau.
Money voted fora monument to Senator
Baker would not be an extravagance.
This will be a good week to get bargains
if you study our advertising columns.
The Legislature has silenced the first
scandal by taking it by tbe throat in the
right way.
It was civilization that ruined the glory
of Sacramento Kiver and civilization
should restore it.
The report from Washington that Olney
manages Cleveland settles that much, but
now there is a desire to know who man
ages Olney.
A proposal in the Illinois Legislature to
fix the pay of Chicago Aldermen at $8000
a year is what may be called a boodle bill
with frills on it.
Weyler'a estimate tbat there are less
than 1000 revolutionists left in Pinar del
Rio aeems to have been abbut correct. The
others are marching on Havana.
No less than four State Legislatures are
now wrestling with the theater hat ques
tion, and all the time the girl who weari
the hat is not saying a single word.
"Whether the country will have any kind
of theory left when Cleveland goes out of
office may be doubtful, but it will cer
tainly be altogether out of condition.
Now tbat Mr. Madden has retired from
the Senatorial contest in Illinois it is an
nounced that he is not "a boodle Alder
man" but a good citizen thoroughly de
voted to civic interests.
Four years ago the Democrats had organ
ized the Legislatures in the bin States of the
Union and were busy electing Senators,
but now they are hardly able to organize
a crowd and elect what they wish to
drint.
The Georgia Legislature has refused to
pass a law making a close seasou for the
protection of possums, but as long as the
Georgians raise chickens and leave the
persimmon trees growing the possum can
look out for himself.
There is not likely to be any disappoint
ment with John Sherman as Secretary of
State. While he has never shown his
hand much in foreign affairs he Has am
ply demonstrated in Ohio politics that he
is at home in diplomacy.
The effect of Eastern weather npon the
human intellect may be estimated from
the fact thai the papers over there are
now elaborately disputing with one an
other whether women ever make good
resolutions on New Year's day.
It is said the indemnity to be demanded
by the Boers for the Jameson raid into the
Transvaal will amount to something more
than $10,000,000. and it pots without saying
that when England sees the bill she will
immediately demand arbitration.
The latest development in civil service
legislation at Washington is a bill provid
ing a pension for every member of the
service who has served for thirty-five years.
A few more reforms, and a Government
job will be a eoft snap sure enough.
During the past year there were con
structed in this country 1175 locomotives
of an average value of $10,000, and of
these 309 were exported, thus showing
that foreign countries are learning where
to come when they want tee best ma*
chinery.
The recent official report showing that
Savannah has 11,063 trees along her side
walks has led nobody to declare that the
city is in the shade. On tha contrary, it
is everywhere regarded as -a proof that her
people live in the sunlight and know how
to enjoy it.
Governor Black of New York startled
the State in his inaugural by declaring:
"In my judgment civil service reform will
work better with less starch.' 1 The state
ment i\ the more surprising because it
shows that the Governor himself has lots
of starch in him.
Boies Penrose, who at the age of 36 has
been honored by election to the United
States Senate from Pennsylvania, is said
to be a man of marked personal character
istics, so eccentric in many respects that
atone time there was much fun made of
him. But the fun-making fellows are for
gotten now.
Omaha, like so many other cities, is
straining herself at charter-making, and is
trying to devise some method to prevent
Councilmen who are going ont of office
from putting up jobs between the time of
election and the time when the new Coun
cilmen take their seats. It woald seem
from this that the average Omaha Council
man is a tough cuss.
According to President Fallon of the
O.io Fish and Game Commission the fish
in Lake Erie will be exhausted in two or
three years unless some protection is
given them. There can be no greater evi
dence of the rapacity of the Ohio man.
Let us be thankful that State is not lo
cated on the Pacific, for if it were the big
ocean would be exhausted of everything,
from Islands to shrimps, in less than a de
cade.
THE CRY OF EXTRAVAGANCE.
It is already evident that within a
comparatively short time the present
Legislature will have to face a
cry of extravagance as clamorous as
aDy which* has been raised against its
predecessors. There are already rumors
of scandals and suggestions of fraud aad
corruption spread throughout the Stale.
These rumors have a certain foundation,
and it is to the credit of the Legislature
that it Has begun the work of investigating
every ground on which such charees are
based.
It is only fair to the Legislature that the
people should give due consideration to
the cause of so-called legislative extrava
gance. Excessive expenditures by the
State have not been due wholly to indif
ference to public opinion on the part of
the legislators. Nearly all such ex pendi
tures have been supported by men outside
the Legislature and by a seeming public
opinion in various counties. The repre
sentatives of those counties, in fact, have
been often forced against their own better
judgment to support extravagant schemes.
Tne true cause and origin of legislative
extravagance is to be found in the desire
of each county to obtain more than its
share of righlful appropriations. When
Buncombe County, for example, desires a
million and seventeen dollars for some in
stitution, or proposed institution in the
county, all the good citizens of Buncombe
support the measure and insist that trie
representatives of that county shall advo
cate it and promote it by every means in
their power. These representatives soon
learn that they cannot secure the appro
priation for Buncombe unless they agree
to stand in with those who desire appro
priations for other counties. In this way
one extravagance leads to another, and as
the advocates of the various schemes gen
erally constitute a majority of all the
members of the Legislature, they carry
out their plans by a system of log-rolling.
Thus, while each one individually clamors
for economy, in the aggregate they support
extravagance, and the result is a mass cf
expenditures which constitutes a true
scandal against the State.
It is evident that the only way to attain
economy is for those who advocate it to
begin in their own counties. The repre
sentative in the Legislature from any par
ticular section should not be left to stand
alone and combat all his fellow-citizens
clamoring for big appropriations. Those
citizen 3in each county who really desire
economy and a better management of
State affairs should organize and give a
strong, earnest, resolute and publicly ex
pressed support to their delegates in re
fusing to vote for excessive appropriations
not only for other counties, but also for
his own.
It is estimated that at the present Legis
lature various State institutions will ask
appropriations for upward of a million
and a half of dollars. The representative
of every county in which these institu
tions are located will be expected to vote
for the appropriation asked by his own
county, and will be urged to combine with
the advocates of equally large appropria
tions in other counties in order to obtain
it. This being so, it is unfair to bold
members of the Legislature solely re
sponsible for such extravagance as may be
committed.
We do not mean to say the legislator 13
not in some sense personally responsible
for his action. Elected by the taxpayers
at large, he ought to represent all of them,
and not the set which is most insistent,
clamorous and aggressive. In the nature
of things, however, a representative is very
apt to mistake the loudest voice for the
voice of all. Moreover, he is reasonably
right in assuming that tbe men who
work are more effective in politics than
the men who do not work, and therefore
if he votes with the workers and 3tands in
for big appropriations he not only does
good politics, but has some show of reason
for claiming tbat be has served with fidel
ity his constituents.
The moral of the whole is that if we are
to have economy we must begin at home.
Each county must enter upon the work
of combating its own greed and limiting
its own demands upon the Btate treasury.
In no other way can we obtain economy
under our present form of government-
SACRAMENTO RIVER.
It is reported that a strong appeal will
be made from the land-owners of Sacra
mento Valley for an appropriation to
deepen the channel of the Sacramento
Eiver. This appeal should be indorsed
and strengthened by San Francisco and
the State generally. An appropriation for
such a purpose would be a benefit to all
and moreover the proposed work is one of
more than ordinary urgency.
There was a time when the Sacramento
River was navigable for deep sea vessels
a3 far as the city of Sacramento. It was
at that time not merely a mud sewer for
the interior of the State, but a great
stream furnishing facilities for transporta
tion and adding immensely to our com
mercial wealth. The work of civilization
has almost destroyed the nsefulness of the
stream for navigation, and it is only right
that civilization should repair the injury
it has done. The channel should be
dredged and the great river made as clear
as it was in the days of '49.
It is estimated by J. R. Price, chief en
gineer of the Board of Public Works, that
by the expenditure of $200,000 a dredger
could be constructed in California which
would have ample power to transfer to the
shore of the stream 8000 cubic yards of soft
mud an hour. This would enable the
work of clearing the channel to be speedily
and economically done, and an appropria-
tion for such a dredger ana for the work
of operating it would not be in any sense
of the word an extravagance or a waste of
money.
THE COST OF STRIKES.
The "Tenth Report of tha United States
Commissioner of 1/abor," the second vol
ume of whicU has just been given to the
public, contains statistics of striKes cover
ing a period of thirteen and a half years,
up to June 30, 1894. Included in these are
reports of the enormous sums to which
the losses incurred in these industrial
wars amount, and the sum is enough to
set capitalists and workmen seriously
thinking of the problem of arbitration.
The total lO3S to employes during the
period investigated by the Commissioner
is estimated at $163,807,000, which more
than doubled the loss in tha same time to
employers. The losses of both parties
added together give a total in rough num
bers of $250,000,000, and it is more than
probable that there were large losses
which could not be discovered by the Com
missioner. The cost of lockouts to em
ployers was $12,000,000, and to employes
$26,685,000, showing about the same pro
portion as in strike-, but much less in the
aggregate.
The success and failure of strikes varied
in an astonishing way in different years,
but an average of a long term oi yenr3
shows that in a majority of cases strikes
have succeeded. One of the interesting
facts revealed by the statistics is that large
strikes are much more likely to fail than
those where a moderate number of people
are engaged. The successful striken foot
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897,
up 1,188,000, and those that entered into
strikes that failed number £,065,000. Sym
pathy strikes have generally been failures,
and this should make clear to labor lead
ers the poor policy of calling upon men
who have no grievance to strike in sym
pathy with those who bave.
The statistics prove, however, that the
percentage of sympathetic strikes is
largely increasing. Another point shown
is that while strikes up to about 1886 were
almost always for the direct purpose of
increasing wages or shortening hours
those of recent years have been largely in
resistance to the employment of non-union
men.
The lesson to be learned from the re
port generally is that although strikes are
in a small majority of cases successful
they entail too great a cost for victory.
Tne vast loss of production is too much to
be thrown away, and the differences be
tween labor and capital sbould always be
settled by arbitration. The cost of a fight
is certain to exceed in an average of cases
wnat would be relinquished by concilia
tion. Both in lockouts and strikes there
is a terrible and needless waste. It seems
absurd to doubt that men could be found
both clear-headed and honorable enough
to settle disputes with a nearer approach
to absolute justice than could be arrived
at by either of the self-interested parties
to the quarrel.
There is, moreover, another way of
looking at the matter. A strike is not
merely a private affair between employers
and employes. The public has vital in
terests which are affected injuriously by
these industrial wars, and sooner or later
this will be so clearly realized that the
people in their soverisn capacity will for
bid strikes aud lockouts. The whole
machinery of progress and prosperity in
our times is so closely interrelated tuat
no disarrangements and interruptions of
any iarge part of it, while selfish interests
fight for mastery, can be permitted by the
coming civilization.
THE D ANISE WEST INDIES.
Among the features of foreign policy
likely to engage, much of the attention of
the incoming administration will be the
proposed purchase of the Danish pos
sessions in the West Indies. Senator
Lodge has already introduced a resolution
of inquiry concerning the advisability of
the purchase and it is assured tbe measure
will have a strong support in tbe Senate.
Tbe possessions of Denmark in the West
Indies consist .of a group of three small
islands, St. Thomas, St. John and Santa
Cruz. They are ol little value to Den
mark and to us they are important only
because our ownership of them would give
us a coaling station for our fleet at a point
where we greatly need one. At the town
of Charlotte Amalle, on St. Thomas
island, there is a good deep water harbor
and as it cxiuld be readily fortitied it
would furnish us a strong base of supplies
in case of any war which should involve
the activity of our navy among the West
Indies.
Denmark.having no use for the islands
and finding them a burden upon her
treasury, is willing to sell them. When
Seward was Secretary of State he began
negotiations for their purchase and offered
$7,500 000 for two of tbe fcroup, St. Thomas
and St. John. The Danish Government at
that time took a vote of the inhabitants as
to their willingness to transfer their alle
giance to the United States and the vote
was strongly in the affirmative. The
Danes and the islanders are therefore
known to be ready to arrange lor the sale,
and it id for our Government to decide
whether or no a coaling station is worth
as much as the price the Danes will be
willing to take.
It is well known our Government has
long sought for a good naval station in
those waters. It will be remembered that
General Grant favored obtaining such a
port in Santo Domingo, while some of our
statesmen have advocated the purchase
and annexation of Cuba. These islands,
of course, would be much more valuable
than tne comparatively barren rocks in
the sea which Denmark has to sell, but
their possession would entail difficulties
we would not have to encounter in the
Danish group.
The situation of affairs in Cuba gives a
degree of importance to the proposed pur
chase which it has not had before, and this
will lead to a serious consideration of the
subject. The resolution of Senator Lodge
serves to bring it before the Senate as a
matter of practical politics and it may yet
prove to be one of the chief issues of de-
Date of tne present session of Congress.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Alameda Encinal, the oldest paper in
that pretty city across the bay, has boen sold
by its veteran proprietor, F. K. Krauth, to
George F. WeeKs, who for the past four years
hag been publishing the Bakersfield California
and making of it a successful newspaper in
every respect. The new owner will give the
Encinal a dress of new type and render it in
every way an up-to-date journal.
Alexander P. Murgotten's monthly Pioneer,
published at San Jose, hag commenced its
twelfth year. The Pioneer is Justly valued by
oldtimers of California, and its biographical
sketches of the brave men who laid the foun
dation of our Western greatness and glory and
its reminiscences of early days have become
its characteristic feature. Mr. Murgotten
promises during the year to come to give to
the public "a large amount of the heretofore
unwritten history of California and to furnish
ample material from which the future his
torian of the Golden State may make up a full
and truthful record of this the finest portion
If the National homestead."
The San Luis Obispo Breeze is leading a
movement among the citizens of that city to
secure from the present Legislature an appro
priation for a branch Slate Normal School at
that place. Tha people of San Luis Obispo are
working earnestly to get the proposition prop
erly before the lawmakers at Sacramento.
The Hanford Democrat sees an era of unex
amried prosperity approaching for the live
town in which its interests are centered. Here
is a part of the radiant picture it paints:
"Her precincts will soon begin to reach out
upon the plain, electric streetcars shall soon
connect her suburbs and the electric power
from the Sierra set thousands of factory wheels
to turning. With rich, fertile and level lands,
with a fairer climate than can be found in
all Italy, with quick transportation at reason
able rates to deep water, Hanford will become
the queen city of the Lucerne. The Valley
Railroad will bear away the raw and manu
factured products of plain, field and orchard.
The Valley road will bring to our doors the
most energetic and enterprising of all the
American people. Here peace and plenty
shall find a home, here enterprise and capital
shall form r partnership. Our flowing wells
and overflowing irrigation systems guarantee
perpetuation of crops. Our sunny climate
and natural fertility bend down every bough
and vine with luscious fruit. Wealth is here
10 whoever seeks it with the wand of industry
and good sense. Hanford is a rlcii mine to all
who come with business habits and progres
sive commercial instincts."
The Mother Lode Magnet is the name of a new
paper published Dy William Lundy at James
town, and this promising villace, it Is sahl,
■will soon have a second newspaper, as \V. E.
Booth, who managed the Coulterville Miner,
has decided to move his plant to Jamestown
and issue a paper to bewailed the True Fissure.
The Vallejo Chronicle states that E. Peterson,
one of the lessees of Island No. 15, northwest of
that place, is arranging" with the Vallejo Gas
Company to secure pipes and fixtures for the
utilization of the natural gas which seems to
abound in great quantities near I the island
residence. The gas was discovered some time
ago, and with the aid of crude fixtures it has
been utilized for heating and lighting pur
poses. The flow comes from an abandoned
well ten feet Jrom the house, and is caught in
an inverted barrel, the bulk of ft escaping,
but through this barrel there is sufficient ior
household purposes. It is the intention of the
lessees to further develop it. The saving
effected in fuel at the present time amounts to
from $10 to $15 per month.
The Mendocino Beacon remarks that prepara
tions on an extensive scale for the Cloverdale
Citrus i\iir, which is to be held February 15
to 20 inclusive, indicate that it will be a
greater success this year than evet.
The San Jose Mercury declares that the value
of the robin as an orchard bird has been clearly
demonstrated by experiments upon the large
fruit ranch of George W. Cozz^ns in the Wil>
lows, near San Jo-.e. '-Mr. Cozzeus has for
some time past believed the appearance of
robins in an orchard was more beneficial than
detrimental, on account of the nabits of this
insectivorous bird. lis custom cf locating in
this section only in the winter months, when
the trees are bare and at the time when the
borer and other worms were beginning their
most deadly work upon the trees, was much
in their favor. When the trees began to blos
som and when other insectivorous birds picked
at .and injured the blossoms therobiu had dis
appeared to a more suitable climate in which
to engage In Its worm-gathering occupation.
"Early this season Mr. Cozzeus gavo strict
orders prohibiting any shooting upon his
place. As a consequence the robins soon dis
covered this harbor of safety from sportsmen
and gathered upon the placa in large num
bers. They were not allowed to be iu6lested
or frightened in any manner and soon became
very domestic in their actions. Four or five
weeks ago Mr. Cozzens began to dig about his
fruit trees ior the borer and canker worm
The robins would gather in the immediate vi
cinity ia large numbers, and as soon as the
dirt was thrown back, from the root of a tree
and the workmen had advanced to one or two
trees away they would settle in the excavated
place and hunt diligently for any worms in
the vicinity. They would invariably find the
hole in which the borer had entered the bark
oi the tree and draw out the pest and con
sume it.
"Xx ami nation of the trees which the robins
had visited found them entirely free from
worms. This process of excavating to facili
tate the search of the robin for insects damag
ing to fruit trees has been progressing upon
Mr. Cozzens' ranch for about five weeks and
has convinced this orchardist that the robin is
a valuable bird to the fruit-grower and one
which should be protected bylaw."
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The naval expenditures of Japan during her
late war with Cnina were 39.G53.ti69 yen.
Adding to this the expenses of trie army, 171,
--320,027 yen, and a total of 210.773,096 yen
is the cost to Japan for her army and navy in
the brief war which ended with the oblitera
tion of China's navy.
Torpedo nets are getting out of use in the
several navies. Tlu>v are cumbersome on
board ship, a great hindrance to the speed of
the vessel when hjing out during evolution,
and ,are of doubtful utility when at anchor, as
attacking torpeilo-boats were fitted with at.
tachmenta that would cut through the netting.
They have never been adopted in the United
States navy.
A French naval officer has been commis
sioned to instruci the officers of the Bulgarian
flotilla, another French officer has been lent
to the Portuguese Government and is charged
with reorganizing the arsenal at Lisbon.
China, too, has obtained the services of Frtnch
organizers, aud two naval engineers, a
draughtsman and several others are about to
go to Foo Chow to undertake a reconstruction
of the dockyard there.
The dockyards In tho Black Sea are under
orders to construct two armor-clads of 12.430
tons, one to be completed in 1898 and the
oiher in 1900. At St. Petersburg tne follow
ing armored ships are under construction:
Poltava, Sebastopol. Fetropaiiiowsk, Ad
miral Aprsxin, Oslabya-Peresvet and Mmm,
all of which are to t,»Q completed this year.
In addition one first-cluss cruiser oi the Rossia
type, three other firsi-cluss cruisers and two
torpedo-boats destroyer are to be built.
The battle-ihios built between 18S6 and
1896 in England, France and Russia num
bered 62 of 723,910 tons, of which England
built 29 of 391. 090 tons, France 17 of 172,410
tons and Russia 16 of 160,110 tons. It will be
noted that the English tonnage wai greater
than that of France nnd Russia combined.
The total caliber in inches of heavy guns was
1418 for England, 709 for France and 792 for
Russia, and the secondary armamems of guns
throwing a shot of thirty pounds and upward
were 1794, 1044 and 1758 inches for the re
spective navies.
Laird Bros., Birkennead, England, completed
during the past year eight torpedo-boat de
stroyers, of which four were for the British
and four for the Argentine navy. The names
and speeds of the boats were as follows:
British— Quail, 30.039 knots; Sparrowhawk,
30056: Irasher, 30.015; Virago, 30.049. Ar
gentine boats — Captain Orella, 30.23; Captain
Munoz Ganuro. 30.08; Tenieute Serrano,
30.25, end Guardia Marine Rique ma, 30.121
knots. The latter boat is 213 feet in lengtn by
21 feet 6 inches beam and developed 6000
horsepower. The bunker capacity is 95 tons,
sufficient to carry the vessel 3750 knots at her
most economical speed. One interesting fea
ture of her last trial, December 18. was full
speed astern, at which the made 20}{ knots.
Her armament consists oi one I'2-pounder
quick-firing guns and two 18-inch torpedto
tubes. The complement is sixty-nve oilkeis
and men. Six more boats of this type are Being
built by the Lairds for the British navy.
PERSONAL.
F. D. Cobb of Btockton is at the Baldwin.
F. C. Lusk, a Chico lawyer, is at the Palace.
Dr. Moore and wife of Benicia are at the
Grand.
A. D. Duffey of Santa Cruz fs at the Cosmo
politan.
K. J. Widney of Los Anfceles is at the
Baldwin.
George Russell, a Nevada cattleman, Is at
the Lick.
Dr. Thomas Flint of Ban Juan Is at the Grand
with his wife.
George £. Walker, a merchant of Juneau, is
at the Palace.
Walter T. Blake of the Stockton Independent
is at the Grand.
Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento registered
at the Lick yesterday.
John Manly and wife of Grand Forks, B. C,
are at the Occidental.
J. D. McDougall, a contractor of Stockton, is
registered at the Lick.
J. J. Kirn ball, a merchant and banker of Red
Bluff, U at the Palace.
W. M. Nuner, a mining man of Calaveras
County, is at the Grand.
Dr. Grant B. Hicks of Tacoma, Wash., Is
registered at the Palace.
J. P. Kay of Texas arrived here yesterday
and is at the Cosmopolitan.
Walter C. Lewis, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., is staying at the Occidental.
J. B. Lankershim, a Los Angeles capitalist
and banker, is a guest at the Palace.
John Henderson, a business man of Fort
Jones, Siskiyou County, is at the Russ.
John A. Prinsen, an insurance man of Chi
cago, is a recent arrival at the Occidental.
Henry Varley, the Loudon evanzelist, and
his wife are guests at the Brooklyn Hotel.
J. McHenry and son ol San Luis Obispo are
among the recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
J. Woodward, president of the Fresno Bank,
and T. C. White, the vice-president, are at the
Lick.
S. Lyons, a diamond and pTecious stone
merchant of New York, is a late arrival at the
Grand.
Mrs. Annie B. Andrews, the popular lady
orator of Los Angeles, is registered at tl|e
Grand.
R. L. Crovat, representative of the Stanford
vineyard products in New York, is at the
Palace.
Count Wachtraelster, a leading theosophist,
is paying San Francisco a visit. He is at the
Palace.
G. A. Perkins, a mercJxoat from Little Kiver,
Mendocino County, was one of the arrivals at
the Russ yesterday.
Lieutenant Leiavor, U. S. N., and wife were
in town yesterday from Mare Island. They
registered at the California.
Colonel John Bradbury of Los Angeles Is at
the Palace with his wife. They aro accom
panied by Dr. Moore of Los Angeles.
£. W. Hale of Sacramento and his brother,
O. A. Hale of San Jose, the well-known dry
goods merchants, are registered at the Bald
win Hotel.
Thomas Potts, head steward of the Insane
asylum at Salem, Or., returned last evening
with his bride from Monterey, en route for
Salem. Mr. Potts and wife are at the Cosmo
politan.
L N. VanNuya, the capitalist who has just
built a new hotel in Los Angeles, named after
himself, is here from the (southern part of the
State with his wife. They are at the Palace.
His hotel has been leased to Captain Potter,
late of the Westminster Hotel of Los Angeles.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
She— Once you vowed that I was the sunshine
of your life. Now you stay out after dark.
Dublin Freeman.
Sixteen young ladies in Brighton have
formed a whist club and meet weekly for prac
tice. It is said that the neighbors can hear
them play whist three streets away.— Tid-Bits.
Judge— I think I have seen you before.
Prisoner— l have had that honor.your Honor;
I shaved your Honor last week.
Judge— Twenty years.— Hartford Times.
Mrs. Borders— Do not feel so badly, ToDimy.
Your little sister has passed the critical point
in her illness and will now get welL
Toaimy Borders (tearfully)— l know it. And
now she will want to eat all the good things
the neighbors send in to her every day, her
self!— Puck.
The girl in blue leaned over and asked In a
stage whisper, as if it were something too ter
rible to be openly dUcusbed :
"Do you know Miss Dash?"
The girl in gray was on her guard in an in
stant.
"That depends," sh9 said. "What has she
been doing ?"— Chicago Post.
"You," said the new cashier, "will find me
like a watch. You can judge me by my works."
"All right," responded the banker, arising
to the merry occasion; "I will bear your case
in mind and see that you do not accumulate
qpy superfluous dust in your movements."
Indianapolis Journal.
THE SKY FOR YOU.
O, the future sky Is th« bluest sky,
With never a cloud in view:
But the sky to-day is the truest sky,
And that is the sky tor you.
For he work you hay» to do,
For the lives that lean on you,
Or tbe goi<! or gi y,
'Tis the sky to-day.
And that is the sky tor yon.
There's a bird that sines to the future sky.
Where the b Otsomsdrip with dew;
But the bird to-day makes the song of May, ;
a I'd ihat it i lie song for you.
For the worK yo i have to do,
For the hear. that cling to yon,
'Tis the sweetest song,
/ As it trill* along. .
And that is the song for you.
• -Fbank 1i Btanton.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
At the recent cat show in Paris Francois ]
Coppee, Andre Theuriet, Emiie Zola and
Catulle Mendes were on the list of judges.
Two names that recently appeared in. the
records of transfers of real estate in
Rochester, N. V., were those ot Educated M.
Learned and Christ Amborn.
Sir R. Menzics, Bart., of Menzles, the heredi
tary chief of the can Menzies, is tbe oldest
Highland chief now living. He is 80 years
old and wears the kilt summer and winter.
Stanley will visit the Belgian possessions on
the Congo next spring, in company with King
Leopold. They will supervise the opening
of the railroad between Matavoi and
Leopoldville.
The command of tbe Ohio Naval Reserve,
which is being organized for coast protection
in Cleveland, Toledo and other lake cities of
Ohio, has been offered to John H. Brice,
brother ot Senator Brice.
Julins Barthman has secured 18,000 acres of
land in South Carolina, upon which he pur*
poses to establish the industry of making
sugar irom beets. The property Is to be
divided into farms of 25, 50 aud 100 acres, to
be tenanted by 500 iamiiiea from Saxony.
Judge Stephen Neal, who wrote the Four
teenth amendment to the Constitution, resides
in Lebanon, Ind., and is in his 80th year. The
amendment was written in his office at
Lebanon and was submitted to the Congress
ional committee by Congressman Godlove S.
Orth.
A French writer, Edouard Toulouse, has
examined Zola's mental peculiarities, and
discovered a peculiar weakness of memory.
He could nut recognize well-known passages
lrom Moliere, BaJzac, Hugo and George Sand,
and in some cases even failed to remember his
own early writings when extracts from them
were read to him.
Mrs. Hobbs, an intimate friend of tne first
Duke of Wellington, has just died in Ireland
at the age of 103 years. Her husband was
badly wounded at Quatre Bras. Five of her
fourteen children and six of her forty-four
grandchildren are serving in the British army,
and she had besides thirty-two great
grandchildren and two great-great-grand
children. On her 100 th birthday the Duke of
Cambridge congratulated her in behalf of the
army.
THE ARMY OF O FFICESEEKERS
Philadelphia Press.
The President-elect is busy with the question
of his Cabinet. He has his inaugural address
to prepare, but the office-seeker is upon him.
To whom does the Pretiideni-elect belong T For
whom does he exist? If we should seek an an
swer in the pages of the constitution and in the
written law we should say be belongs to the
country, but if we turn from, theory to facts
we should be compelled to reply, to judge from
all outwara appearances, the President-elect
and bis time, waking and sleeping, and ail his
powers, belong to the office-seekers. His
frienas with difficulty divert the omce-seeicing
army for a day or two thai the President-elect
may be able to give some time to the public
duties immediately before him.
THE BRIGHT SIDE OF THINGS
Be. I.ouis Globe- Democrat.
One of the secrets of Chauncey M. Depew's
popularity as an orator lies in the fact that he
always looks upon the bright side of things,
which is usually the side best worth consid
ering. "It is the result of my study, experi
ence and observation," he says in his latest
oraiion, "that the best day is to-day and to
morrow will be a better." Thlt is the true
philosophy of life and pr ferable in every way
to the pessimistic stuff that is so plentiful in
the world.
A COMMENDA LE INNOVATION.
St. Loula Republic.
The new notes of the denomination of flO
contain, instead of the portraits of statesmen,
those of C. H. McCormick, the inventor of the
reaper, and of Eli Whitney, the inventor of
the cotton gin. The departure is good. It is
well to keep in mind that the country owes
something to others besides the citizens who
draw pay as statesmen.
HE AND SHE
Chicago Tribune.
"Your bill is too high, sir, and I won't pay
it!" snapped the young woman, and she
turned sharply on her heel and strode out of
office.
Tne lawyer who had procured a divorce for
her turned again to his desk and merely re
marked unaer his breath:
O, woman. In our hoars of fees,
UocertHiu, coy and nard to please!
"PARADISE REGAINED "
Washington Times.
And yet a Washington jury In cold blood
acquitted a fellow-being charged with the
crime ol inanity when it had been clearly
proved that the prisoner bad taken the trouble
to commit Milton's "ParudLe Lost" to mem*
ory.
MODERN THOUGHT
AND ITS TREND
Rev. Dr. Hemphill on the
Bankruptcies of Skep
ticism.
Christian Sentiment Never £o
Strong as at the Present
Time.
The Press Gives Too Much Attention
to the Statements of the Enemies
of the Christian religion.
Rev. Dr. Hemphill of Calvary Presby
terian Church preached last evening to a
large audience on "The Trend oi Modern
Tnought" His subject was a good one,
well handled by the eminent divine, and
held the undivided attention of his hear
ers. He spoke, in part, as follows:
Can ye not discern the signs of the times?—
Matthew zvl:3.
God has given us many books and we
should "read, mark, learn and inwardly
digest" them all.
With the book of current thought we
have to do to-night, and if we read it fear
lessly, honestly and reverently we may
humbly claim such a measure of the spirit
of discernment as will enable us to in
terpret God's handwriting inscribed upon
the page of this present time. Among
the facts and situations which indicate
the trend of current thought and its bear
ing upon the present position and the im
mediate future and ultimate destiny of the
Christian faith note the following:
Present-day skepticism has failed ut
terly as a substitute for Christianity.
SkeDtics themselves admit this. One of
them recently expressed his anxiety "Lest
the successive bankruptcies of scepticism
should lead society back once more to
the Christian faith." Such a reaction is
not at all unlikely. Indeed, it is natural
and inevitable, and signs are not wanting
that the reaction has already set in.
The successive systems of scepticism
have failed to fuliiil their promises and
nave paid the paltriest dividends, and
society in the closing years of our century
is getting ready to go back to him who
alone has discovered any real mastery of
the human heart. Skepticism is a self
confessed failure as a substitute for Chris-
tianity.
2. Literary men as a rule ar9 hostile to
the Christian faith. They always have
been. Mr. Leck^ says that during the
space of three centuries they treated
Christianity as simply contemptible.
Hist Cry repeats itself. A hundred years
ago they treated Methodism in England
as simply contemptinie. It is not con
temptible to-day. So we are not surprised
if Christianity receives but scant courtesy
from tha literary men of the nineteenth
century.
Some weeks ago two distinsruished pro
fessors joined in debate on the deep things
of philosophy and religion before the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association. One
of them mood squarely on the platform of
Christian orthodoxy and was dismissed
with one sentence of report in the news
paper I read. The otaer as squ;trely de
nied'the fundamental doctrines of Chris
tianity and was reported yerbatirn. One
thousand years hence, if the world last so
long, another Mr. Lecky will have to ex
press his astonishment at the un:airne-s
oi large sections of the literary men ot the
nineteenth century, who either do not un
derstand the Christian faith or will not
give a fair hearing to it.
The literary men are mistaken if they
think that they are carrying the masses
ot the people with them. Karl Pearson, a
leader of skeptical thought, admits
this in a long and loud lament
in the Fortnightly Rpview, and another
leader of skeptical thought, Thomas Main,
says: "The masses of the people were
never so truly religious as they are now."
The rapid progress of the Saivation Array
is a convincing proof of this. Mr. Benja
min Kidd, in his Social Evolution, says
"that Christianity is not to be gotten ria
ofinttie jaun:y way that literary men
affect when they deal with it. They can
not laugh out of existence the most per
sistent force of civilization." And what
is the result of all this unfair treatment of
Christianity? Mr. Frederic Harrison
sums it all up in these words: "The net
result of the whole negative attack on the
gospel has been to deepen its moral hold
on society."
Christianity has gained some signal
triumphs in this, our century. The fierc
est battle has been waged around the
question of a personal God. Once, and
not very long ago, it was asserted very
dogmatically that the living could come
irom the not living and hence tsie need
of a living God as a Creator was done
away with. A scientist of note in his day
said: "Both observation and experiment
unmistakably testify that living matter
is constantly being formed." Ko scien
tist, believes in spontaneous generation to
day. The scientist goes back irom man
to monkey, from monkey to monad, and
then is confounded with mystery, "an
infinite and eternal energy, from which
all things proceed." As Herbert Spencer
said, "The trend of present-day thought
is toward the doctrine of a personal God."
Our faith in the doctrine of creation haa
not been shaken by nineteenth century
thought, but established rather. The
highest, wisest, latest utterances of scienc;
are in wonderful harmony with the utter
ances of Moses. Science says that the
world came into being so long ago that the
mind cannot span the chasm. Moses
says "In the beginning"— a word elastic
enough to satisfy the demands of the most
exacting scientist. There is no conflict in
the Mosaic and scientific accounts so fur
as we can see. Where did Moses get his
facts?
Our belief in the Mosaic authorship of
the Pentateuch has not been shaken by
nineteenth century thought, but estab
lished. Once, and not very long ago, it
was asserted by the critics that there was
no literary ability in the Mosaic ace to
write such literature as we find in the
pages of the Pentateuch; but archaolo
gists have recently unearthed a vast civil
ization extending back 2000 years before
Abraham was born. "He laughs best who
laughs last." Tne assumption of the ig
norance and literary inability of the Mo
.-aic age to write the Pentateuch cannot
stand the light of recent discoveries.
Criticism is coming round to a more
certified faith in the old boole which once
it assaulted so fiercely. Skeptics not long
»go danced with delight around the sup
posed fact that the crit cs had at length
put an extinguisher upon the Bible. Many
such extinguishers have been put upon it;
the light of God's word within has burned
through every one of them. The Bible has
not been singed even by the fiercest fire
of the nineteenth, cantury. The religion
of Jesus Christ is the only living religion
in the world to-day; by which we mean
that It is the leading spirit o modern
progress. The religions of the Orient are
dead. They have hundreds of niiliiona of
followers still, but they are dead to those
functions of inspiration which minister
Btimulus to contemporary thought. "Is
Mohammedanism dead/" As a military
despotism, no; as a living religion, yes.
Its policy is impossible. Its record is one
of intellectual stagnation and moral death
The "unspeakable Turk" is sick ni^h uuto
death. Look by contrast at the ascendin<*
orb of Christian truth as it shines above
in the heavens of religious thought a
love, for the meteors, which tfazzla
a while and then die, uo not belong to
the same heaven at all.
Christian sentimeni is getting to be both
an inspiration and an authoriiy in all
land-. A peace treaty is al! but ratified
between England and the United Slates.
Other lands will follow and war will come
to a lull and speedy end. "Jesus shall
reign where'er the sun does his successive
journeys run." tin, is reijfning now;
reigning in the power of Christian senti
ment where He is not yet reigning in
name, iso sign so clearly attests to one
the'neir supremacy of Christ as this grow
ing power of Christian sentiment.
I notice" one trend more — the growing
power of Christian worK. The signs whicii
the manifoid activities of our age project
upon human life are these: That Christi
anity, the only living religion in the world,
is no temporary federation, but a ministry
of universal love, proving by its nine
teenth century achievements that it is
hastening to make the kingdoms of this
world the kingdom of our Lord and of His
Christ according to the sura word of prom
ise and prophecy.
The execution of certain deeds to cer
tain pieces of real estate is creating quite
a stir in our city. Oath was made that
they were executed in 1894, but the oppos
ing lawyers say that tney are ready to
prove by certain marks that the paper
was not manufactured until two years
later. I have held the writing of nine
teenth century though* up to the light,
and have fouud ten marks upon it to
prove which ought to confirm and estab
lish one faith in orre holy religion.
It shows no sign of waning. "Higher
yet higher that star ascends.' It is the
only living religion— it is the religion for
all the world. Is it yours? Get into the
chariot oi our all-conquering King as" he
drives toward victory.
PRINTERS' MUTUAL AID.
An Organization That Is in a Flourish
ing Condition and Has a
Hit nk Account.
The nineteenth semi-annual meeting of
the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
was held yesterday afternoon in iShieis
building, S. H. Jenner in the chair. There
was a full attendance and a great deal of
interest was manifested in the reports
that were presented.
These reports show that with a mem
bership of nearly ninety the society dur
ing the past six months raid $250 in sick
benefits and has now $4500 in the treas
ury with which to relieve any of its mem
bers who may be stricken down by illness.
Of late an unusual interest has been taken
in the organization and every member is
doing his utmost to make it the equal at
least of any beneficiary association.
The election held resulted in the choice
of the following-named to serve for the
ensuing term: S. H. Jenner, president;
J. S. Phillips, first vice-president; J. Har
low, second vice-presdent: A. J. P.
Rjgaudiat, recording secretary; J. R.
Winders, financial secretary; W. B.
Benoist, treasurer; L. P. Ward, marshal;
F. Mooney, guardian; W. J. White, S.
Trimble, G. E. Mitchell, J. Bryant, G. H.
Branch, board of directors; W. L. Berry,
physician, and W. Kirk, druggist .
Order of Scottish Clang.
No deaths having been reported to the royal sec
retary for December there will not be any assess
ment for January.
At the meeting of Clan Fraser held on Thursday
■tent. at which Chief Edward Kerr presided, the
reports showed the clan to be in a good flnanc al
coudiiion and that $400 had beeu paid out In tlcK
bent-tits since the previous report. The clan will
give iie sixth conceit on Washington's birthday.
The fallowing named officers were installed foi
the ensuing lertn: M.. L. Crowe, C.; Edward Kerr,
P. G; V. M. T. McLennan, T.; D. afcLachlaa,
chaplain: William McCormick, &; T. Wilson. F.
S; W.K.King and A. J. McDonald, henchmen;
R. W. J. Taylor, seneschal; James Royer, warder:
J. O Fraser, sentinel; George Hay, b. B : Dr.
(ieorge Adam, P. ;"J. B. K. 'leyendale and John
C : James l>rever, William iairgrieve
and Joseph Walker, trustees.
SE6T peanut taffy in the world. fownnai'V
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public m«n by the Ptoh
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
"Have Scribbler, the author, and his wife
made up?"
"Oh, yes. She now reads what he writes and
he eats what she cooks." — Fliegende Blaetter.
Philllps' Rock Island Excursions.
teave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rie
Grande and Rock Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these ezcnrslons te
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
•nd further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Kook Island Hallway, SO Mon>
gomery street. sm Fracclaaa
Always keep Id the bouse a bottle of AyerV
Cherry Pectoral, for throat and lung troubles.
Your druggist ha» Ayer's Almanac.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flUy years by millions of
mothers for their children whlie Teething with per
fect success. It eoothesfcie child, softens the gum v
allays Pain, enres Wind Colic, regulates t he Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whetheraris
lng from tee.h ing or other causes, ior sale by druj
glsts In every part of the world. Be sure and ajic
icr Airs. W lesion's Soothing Syrup, 2ba a bom*
Coronai*).— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, , O ft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the Hoiaiaai
Coronado, $65: longer stay 92 60 per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery St.. Ban Francisco.
Mrs. Newlywed— Oh, dear Jack, the rats have
ate up all my angel cake.
Mr. Newlywed— Aha. I knew we'd settle
those ruts sooner or later.— Philadelphia Call.
NEW to-day:
There doesn't seem to be
very much the matter with
your child. , He doesn't ac-
tually lose weight, but there
is no gain. He belongs to
that large class of children
that don't seem to prosper.
You look at him a little
more thoughtfully than you
do at the rest and say He is
not doing well." Failure
to gain in weight in a child
is a danger signal. Scott's
Emulsion should be taken
at once. It puts on fat
where health demands it,
strengthening the (digestion.
v SCOTT & BQWNE, Chemists, New York.
tllll M "na we have to sell and what
fill II I we sell it at has always
uHf Hi U g been our stronghold in
us Bill 1 advertising. We leave
the erand displays,
fancy pictures, fancy borders and glitter-
ing generalities to tnose who can pay for
a whole page; our modest notices may
not attract every reader, but the quality
of our goods and the prices will commend
them. \ "
Toy wagons or carts, little folks 60
Bigger ones, all wood bodies,.. ..14c
Ingrain carpets, yard wide. low as .*J6o
Ladies' sandals, rubber oversnoea, 2y. .
to 6..... 7... ...............;... 26c
Little boys' high boots, 5t0ut. ....... $1 25
Men's genuine call boots ...... ...;., $3 00
All-wool, 36-inch ladies' cloth.... ......24c
100 bargains every day.
SMITH 0 store.
New place, on Market at., near the ferry..AIONDAY JANUARY 18, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
KAi-ntrn* Theater.— Kordlca to-morrow night.
' C'oi.fmiua i mkatkr — •■ Devil's Auction.'
Mokoscos CrißA-Hois*: — "Aeainst the
Stream
Aixtazab Thkatkr.— "A Fair Rebel."
- livoli Opera House.— "Jack and The Bean-
stalk.
OKPHFT-jf— Hlitb-Clas* Vaudeville.
People's Pauick.— Mahara's Refined Minstrels
• •' ■i},) chutes >vr> Sratins Rink.- Daily at
• lffliebt street, one block east of the Park. •
trmo Baths— Bathing and performances.
q'ACiFicCOAM JorKKv Ci.n«.— Races to-day.
AICIIOiN
BY M. J. Mcßridk— January 21,
Horses, at 607 Jessie street, at 11 clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A new socialist section was organized yes
terday at Berkeley.
Francaise has held its annu&l
election of officers.
Dr. Heinphill says the Christian faith is
treated unfairly by the press.
Fair Monday with frost in the morning.—
Local Forecast Official McAdie.
lime. Nordica, the prima donna, arrived
■with her company last evening.
In the tug-of-war yesterday Sweden was a
epeedy winner over the United btates.
R. Michael committed suicide yesterday by
Bwullowing a dose of cyanide of potassium.
A brief but violent earthquake shock was
fea here at 1:01) o'clock yesterday aiternoon.
Tlu.re was a goodly attendance of military
riflemen at the Sheii Mouud nile range yester
day.
The attraction at the Chute? yesterday were
the penorinius ponies and the do}V potato
race.
n bills for the maintenance of pood
■Mr m is in this Stale are before the present Leg
ure.
The young Fultons defeated the young Ex
aminers by a score oi 4 to 0 ai the children's
playgrounds.
Mrs. Margaret E. Crocker has made a gener
ous donation oi three large pictures to the
Perk museum.
Miss Marie M. Langrehr and George G. Kaiz
\vern rnarri-.d yesterday at the resiaence oi the.
bride's mother.
The yacht Azalene is being fitted out at
Fausalito for a three years' cruiae among the
Inlands of Australasia.
There is some talk of a big team match be
tween teams of the Fhs^ aud Filth regiments
taking place before long.
The iuueral of Mrs. Lees, wife of the captain
of detectives, will be held in Laurel Hill Cem
etery this aiternoon at 2 o'clock.*
G. B. Benham lectured before the American
braacn of the Socialist Labor pany last even
ing. His subject was "The Red Fiag."
The police raided the Chinese laundries in
the Western Addition yesterJay morning and
arrested ninety-iour men iur vio.ating the or
dinance.
J. C. Nealon and Coast Champion Riordan
defeated J. F. Bonnet and Amateur Champion
Donne'ly at the baa Francisco Haudbali Court
yesterday.
Trie California. Labor Convention met yester
day at 915}* Market street ana neard reports
from fc>.<.r'J"uiento on the various proposed
labor laws.
The wife of Butler, the Australian mur
derer, died on board the British ship Hiddekel
prior to the Fai.ing of that vessel from New
castle for San Francisco.
Conroy, one of th« Australian detectives
Eent here to capture But. er, the escaped mur
derer, is probably one oi the most remarkable
professional atnietes that has ever visited Hna
i'r&u cisco.
The Young Pacifies defeated the Dauntless
baseball team by a score of 20 to 9. Tne fea
ture of the game was the stick work of Cawley
and Devo.o for the victors ai.d Campodonico
oi the Dauntless team.
Thomai Ryder, a rancher from Alameda
County, who claimed that he was robbea of
$1(50 in a saloon on Scott and Ellis streets Sat
urday night, afterward denied it and was
locked up as a "drank."
A ma-n named Ruthven, claiming to nave
M te n a priest ai one time, hpuke against Caui-
I c.;cism at Metropolitan Temple yesterday. An
fl angry crowd pursued him and he took refuge
• na passing Powell-street car.
The Feast of the Holy Name was commemora
ted at Si. Ignatius Church yesterday. The Aich-
Mshop preached eioquenuy on the gospel oi
the day. In the sodality chapel officers of the
gentlemen's sodality were invested with, the
medal and ribbon of the order.
DANISH WRITER WANTED.
Professor Brandes of the Copenhagen
University Anxious to Find a
Sailor, Novelist and Poet.
The faculty of the University of Copen
hagen 13 seeking for a man who has given
evidence of unusual literary ability.
Professor Georg Brandes, who is at
the head of the department of esthetics,
who is a renowned critic, famous all over
Europe, as well as in the English literary
world, in a letter to M. Salomon, editor of
Pacific Skandinav, a Danish-Norweeian
weekly published in this City, says:
A young man named Theodor Nielsen, of
Gislev. Svendborg, Denmark, an ordinary sea
man, managed by frugality to save sufficient
to enable him to enter the University of Co
penhagen in order to prepare himself for
literary work. His mother before he could
graduate was taken sick and he was forced to
give up his studies, so as to enable him to go
to sea again and earn sufficient to support her.
Abput four years ago I received from him the
manuscript of several poems and novels,
which give evidence of wonderful literary
ability. Three years ago I last heard from
him by letter, and have since sought in vain
to ascertain hit whereabouts. Recently it
tame to my knowledge that Nielsen had lo
cated In California and I wish you would give
this the widest Dubiicity, as I am very anxious
to communicate with him, considering him a
rising star in the .Danish literary world.
Funeral of Michael Moraghan.
The funeral of Michael Moraghan, the
pioneer oyster-grower of this coast, took place
yesterday afternoon from the Masonic Tem
ple. A large number of friends of deceased
fw&s present at the ceremony conducted Id
, K'.r.g Solomon's hall by Excelsior Lodge 16o",
/At'! which Mr. Moragban was a member. The
-ring persons acted as pallbearers and hc
aniea the funeral cortege to the Masonic
cemetery, where the remains were interred:
C. N. Wolfe »nd C. W. Taber, representing Cal
ifornia Chapter, Royiil Arch Masons; Dr.
■Washington Ayer, Stewart Menzies Cnarlie
Bryan and George D. Graham, representing
Excelsior Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons;
Mr. Brown of ihe California Market; Samuel
Wheeland of Wat-eland & Collius.Tom O'Brien
and Editor Fly an of the Wa^p.
Baseball at Presidio.
An interesting game of baseball -was played
at the Pre-idlo reservation yesterday afternoon
between the Conway and bßumelsof this City
and the Regulars. The soldiers were victor
ious after one of the best uphill games of the
reason by a hcore oi 17 to 11.
NEW TO-DAT.
BloodT
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
. crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
• speedily cured by warm baths with Ctjtioura.
Boap, gentle anointings with CtmccßA(olnt-
i ment), the great skin care, and mild doses
I of ConcrjKA Resolvent, greatest of blood
I purifiers and humor cure*.
©ticura
It told throughout th» world. Tom* Dbco As»Ckw».
Com p.. Sole Prop«., lio«ton. • ' mML _ '
*&- " How to Cure Every Blood Humor," free.
m'PC tlllMfiDG r«Hine Hair «nd B«1»T BUm-
rAbt nUmUKo uu» cuj#«t \>j <ivw>ith**'
WILL SAIL IN
SOUTHERN WATERS
Th 3 Yacht Azalene to Take
an Exploring Parly to
Australasia.
Science and Pleasure Will Be
Combined in the
Cruise.
Whalers Seen at Work Off Pigeon
Point From the Deck of the
Orizaba.
The schooner-yacht Azalene is being
fitted out at Sausalito for a long cruise in
the Southern seas. It will be mainly a
pleasure trip, but scientific matterß will
not be overlooked. The vessel is owned
by Cantain M. R. Roberts and she will
be in command of Captain George Wesley
Jackson, late of the British navy. Both
the owner and captain have been all over
Australasia and it is the intention of Cap
tain Roberts to visit every island in the
archipelago.
Captain Jackson is well known in Ban
Francisco as a civil engineer, having been
interested in the formation and building
of S;ow Lake and the beautifying of
Strawberry HilL
From here the vessel will make for the
Hawaiian Islands and from there will co
to Samoa, Tongatabu, Fiji, Australia,
New Zealand the New Hebrides, Tahiti,
the Marshall ;»roup and last but not le;tst
New Guinea. Every place will be thor
oughly explored and in consequence the
party expects to be gone at least three
years. On his return Captain Roberts
expects to have obtained a vast amount of
valuable information and to have ai least
a boatload of curios.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Orizuba arrived irorn Mexican ports last
evening, after an unusually rough trip.
At Santa Rosalia they were unable to
make a landing, and Captain yon Helms
had toproce. don to Gusymas, where he
landed his passengers and cargo. At
Santa Rosalia be saw the American
scliooner Fannie Adele riding at anchor,
awaiting a chance to discharee. .When
passing Pigeon Point Captain yon Helms
reports that he *aw two whaleboats after
a humpback. One of the boats struck the
mammal, and the last the people on the
0. izaba saw of the tight was the whale
making a bee line out to sea with the boat
in tow] Should the hunters secure the
animal they wili make enough out of the
oil they can try out of it to return them a
good week's wages.
'lhe steam schooner National City,
bound south, put in here yesterday to land
tne chef engineer. Thech.ef has been a
very sick man for some time, and when off
the Farallones ne notified the captain that
he could not proceed any further. It was
then that the National City was headed
for San Francisco.
The barkeniine Catherine Sudden, over
whose safety some anxiety was felt, has at
lasc arrived at Grays Harbor. She left
San Diego twenty-rive days ago, and
should have reached her destination a
fortnight ago. The captain of tbe vessel
reports a succession of li'tiht End contrary
winds from the time he left San Diego.
Over twenty Chinese from El Paso
created a scene at the ferries yesterday.
They had been deported from Texas and
are on their way to China. They were
like driven cattle and had not the fuintest
idea what was to be done untii one of
their countrymen from Jackson street
explained the situation. Then their fo/ti
tude forsook them and they cried like so
many babies. It did them no good, bow
ever, and the next steamer for China will
tat- them bacK to the land which it has
probably cost them all their hard-earned
money to leave. They have viewed their
El Dorado only to lose it.
GIBRALTAR OF THE PACIFIC
That is What General Miles
Calls the Gtxden Gate's
North Shore.
Tbe Appropriaticn Congress Will Bi
Asked to Make for the Protection
cf the Pacific Coast.
The remains of the late Major Wilson,
who died Jast Taesday at the Vancouver
Barracks, were brought to this City by
rail and reached here on Friday forenoon.
They were met at the ferry landing, and
from the depot the coffin containing tbe
remains were placed on a caisson, and,
under escort of lour troops of cavalry uncter
command 01 Lieutenant Croxton, were
taken to Trinity Episcopal Church, where
service was held, Bishop Nichols and
Rev. George B. Walk officiating. At tue
close of the very impressive service the
funeral moved to Laurel Hill Cemetery,
where the remains were laid at rest, with
military honors.
Major Wilson was born in Harrison
County, Ind., October 30, 1842. He vol
unteered at the outbreak of the war and
served until its close. Afterward he was
engaged in the Nez Perces war in Wyom
ing, and later served in tbe campaign
against the Apaches in Arizona.
General Nelson A. ililes, chief of the
ordnance board, so says a dispatch from
Washington, D. C, has decided to make a
demand for an appropriation for deiense
on four points of the Pacific Coast. The
demana will cover the following points:
City
> _. _ i
$•.'5 1.U60
1'J0,5 5
l'Js,si!»
'.'&1.U60
San J-rancisco
San Diego
ilouin Columbia
i'uget bound
$363,8110
•271.4(,0
2^6,800
•^97,000
■M\,hou
21t>,0uCj
In a letter to (Jenerai Forayth General
Miles says: /
As high-power guns are being erected at
LimePOiUt, on the north side of the Golden
Gate^and addi ional batteries of modern guns
and mortars ure soon to be erected there, it ia
important that there be a strong garrison on
that side of the harbor which 1 call the Gib
raltar ot the Pacific Coast.
Angel Island is the right flank of the second
line of defense, and wiil be the most important
hrtiliery station in the harbor. Its armament
will be at least eight high-power guns of a
modern character. Tue Presidio is not a
heavy artillery post, though there are two
butteries there for its protection and tor man
ning the batteries on the south side ot the
Golden Gate. But the Presidio is a grand
reservation for the Pacific Coast, and Us garri
son of heavy artillery, light batteries and bat
talion of CHvalry, and in time a regiment of
in aniry, shou d be available lor any purposes
of regular troops.
The fleld sports at the Presidio will be
come one of the features of that beautiful
spot and will no doubt enlist the interest
ol the citizens. Some time in March there
will bn a grand Held day in which there
will be contestants from every nost in the
department of California. The points
irom which the men will come will be
Angel Island, Alcatraz, Benieia Barracks,
Presidio of 6an Francisco, Fort Maton
and San Diego Barracks.
Lieutenant-Colonel Amos 6. Kimball,
deputy qwrterauster-geuerjiJ, nas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
relieved from duty, and that department
is now in charge of Major Wells Willard,
commissary^ of subsistence.
Major John 6. Witcher, paymaster, has
been granted leave of absence for one
month from the 14th.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, has been relieved from
duty at Angel Island and ordered to report
for temporary duiy with Battery E, Third
Artillery, at Fort Mason.
The sentence impose i by a general court
martial on Private James Cole, Battery L,
Filth Artillery, for desertion, having been
approved, wili be carried out.
It is dishonorable discharge from the
service of the United States, forfeiture of
all pay and allowance due him and con
finement at hard laDor under charge of &
gu^rd for a period of eighteen months.
The new bricK barracks that are being
buiit on the Presidio are approaching
completion, and add much to its attract
iveness and to its dignity. While the
structures are plain from an architectural
point of view — in fact, severely so — they
are interiorly arranged with a view to
comfort, and when ready for occupancy
will be appreciated by the men.
CHINESE LAUNDRIES.
The Tolice Raid Those in the Western
Addition and Ninety-Four Arrests
Are Made.
A raid wa3 made by Sergeant Harper
and posse upon Chinese laundries in the
Western Addition yesterday morning, and
from 7 o'clock to 11 ninety-four arrests
were made, each beintr charged with vio
latin the iaundry ordinance.
The streets on which the arrests were
made *ere Washington, Jackson, Ciay,
Larfcin, Paciiic, Pine, Sacramento, Bash,
Broaaway and Union.
The ordinance provides that work must
cease in the laundries after 10 o'clock each
night, and from 10 o'clock Saturday night
ti.i 6 o'clock Monday morning.
A clergyman on Pacific avenue com
plained to Captain Wittraan lust week
that tbe services each Sunday in his
church were disturbed by the noise made
by Chinese working in a laundry in rear
of the church. The result was the raid
yes;er!ay morning upon the laundries.
It was probably the first occasion on
whicti bo many Chinese were confined in
the City Prison at one time. Aoout one
third of them were bailed out during the
afternoon and evening.
THE THEATRICAL STAGE.
The Monday Night Attractions for
Those Who Want to Spend an
Evening With the Players.
To-night there wi'l not be any performance
at the Baldwin, but to-morrow night Mme.
Lillian Nordica assisted by Sculchi, Bertiiaia,
Dempscy, Luekstone and a fine orchestra will
appear in the first of a series of three con
certs. The concert will close with the third
act of "Faust."
Tne latest attraction which the Columbia
Theater has to present Is "The Devil's Auc
tion," which is to be offered to-night. It is
said that it is to be pu. on with a new dress
and that it is a play that bas many opportu
nities lor ballet and beautiful stage effects.
"A Fair Rebel" Is to bo revived at the
Alcazar this evening. It is a military play
that requires a large number 01 people to
make it effective. The management an
nounces that it has secured all these people,
including a company of military to add real
ism to the scenes..
Still the people do not tire of "Jack and the
Beanstalk" and that Is why the management
of the Tivoli Opera House will offer it again
thin evening. It lias made thousands laugh
and no doubt will do so as lon^ as it is on the
boards.
The melodrama that is to be presented at
the Grand Opera House to-night is entitled
"Against the Stream." It is a uew one to Ban
Francisco and the claim is made for it, that It
in as interesting as it is strikingly emotional!
John J. Fierson appears in the cast.
The Frantz family is to appear at the
Orpheum to-night. They, in evenine dress.
periorm some difficult acrobatic feats. Binn
and Binn 'The Is'oblemen," will appear in a
muiical specialty and a number of other
artists wiil make up* a first-class programme.
Mahara'; Colored Minstrels will continue as
the attraction at the People's Palace to-night.
The comedy portion of the programme, the ban
joism of Tim Anderson and the vocalization
of the Blackbirds have a fascination for the
patrons of this place of amusement.
Petroleum in California.
At the regular meeting of the Academy of
Sciences this evening W. L. \V atts of the State
Mining Bureau will lecture ou "The Petroleum
Fields of Southern California." The lecture,
which will be illustrated with lantern slides,
is free.
■ ' » » »
The Bar Association.
To-morrow evening there will be an im
portant meeting of the Bar Association of Ban
Francisco. It is called for the purpose of tak
ing final action on ttie report 01 the judiciary
committee proposing a new judiciary article.
» ♦ — ■»
Sixth-Street Improvement Club.
The Sixth-street Improvement Club, of which
L. V. Merle is president, will hold its first
regular meeting in Music Hall, on Mission
street, near bixtn, to-morrow evening.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Brorao Quinine Tablets. All drug
iHu *cluud ike yioney 4U mils lo euro. £>c
'MID EXOTICS
AND ORCHIDS
A Pretty Sunday Morning
Wedding in an Oak-
Street Residence.
Home Nuptials of Miss Marie M
Langrehr and George
G. Katz.
The Happy Couple Tepart in the
Afternoon lor the Southern
Part of the Stale.
There was a joyous party yesterday in
the residence of Mrs. Mathilda M. Lau
grehr, 2001 Oak street. It was an assem
blage of ladies and gentlemen who had
met to be present at the home wedding of
Miss Marie M. Langrehr to George G.
Katz. The young lady is the daughter of
Mis. Langrehr and sister of Henry C.
Langrehr, a well-known mining engineer
of this City, at one time County Surveyor
of San Diego County, at another time
deputy mineral surveyor of California,
and at present a prominent candidate for
the office of United States Surveyor-Gen-
era! of California. Mr. Katz is a son of
Mr«. Louisa Katz of 1006 Union street,
widow of the late Freler ck Katz, who at
the time of his death was the head of the
Dionerr firm oi Katz & Sons.
The marriage was <.elei rated in the par
lors, which had been most artistically
decorated with some of the choice-t prod
ucts from Flora's realm. In the front
parlor hung an exquisite marriage-bell
made up or exotics and orchids, a gift
from Mr. and Mrs. Wilham Meyer of Ala
mevla. The bride, a handsome young
woman, attired in white taffeta silk
trimmed with lace, with diamond orna
ments and wearing orange blossoms at
the corsage and in her hair, stood by the
side of her ailianced beneath the bell, and
there the pair were united in wedlock by
thf Rev. P. R. Farrand, pastor of Howard
Presbyterian Church.
The young couple after receiving the
'•ongratulations of their friends were es
corted to the dinins-room, where a wed
ding breakfast was partaken of and sev
eral pleasant hours were pushed. The
bride was the recipient of a number of
elegant presents. In the afternoon Mr.
and Mrs. Katz left for the soutbern part
of th 4 State, where they will spend sev
eral weeks in the region of citrus fruits
and on their return will make their
home at the residence of Mrs. Katz's
mother.
Those present were Mrs. Louisa Katz,
Mrs. Af. W. Langrehr, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
erick Ka'z and children, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Kalben, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Katz, Gus'av
Katz, Miss Fidelia Kaiz, Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Langrehr, Miss Etta Lanprehr, Charles
A. Wegner. Mrs. Louise Wegner, Miss
E. Medau, Mrs. John Medua and T. E.
Jb'iynn. -
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and Coast Champion Rior-
dun Defeat T. V. Bonnet and Ama-
teur Champion Donnelly.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday and more than the
usual number of games were played. The
principal event was a game in which J. C.
Nealon and J. Riordan, the coast cham
pion, played against T. F. Bonnet and P.
T. Donnelly, the amateur champion. The
latter tyto were defeated the previous Sun
day, and although they played a great
game, they were again defeated. Nealon
was in splendid condition and his service
and returns were admirable.
Another exciting game was played be
tween J. Harlow and £. Maloney and J.
Feeney and Al Pennoyer. It was keenly
contested from start to nnish and the final
was won by Harlow and Maloney by lour
aces. M. McLanghlin and J. Moffett de
feated R. Adams and W. McLaujihlin in a
close game for a French dinner for ten,
the final being won by only one ace.
PbiJ Ryan and M. McNeil met witb
tbeir fir»t defeat this year, ana Dan Rod
gers was in consequence full of exuberant
joy. He and W. Manion were tue win
ning team.
There were no games at the Union court
yesterday.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco court:
Hugh Moffltt and P. Barrett defeated J.
Brannock and J. . O'Leary, 21— 13, 16— 21,
21— 18. X, Shields and Poc Molloy deie ated
T.Sullivan and J. McGinty. 21—11, 14—21,
21—17. L. Hinzp and J. McDonnell defeated
J. Vogelsang and J. Hinze, 21—15, 13—21,
21—19. D. Kodgers and W. MHnion defeated
X Ryan and If. McNeil, 21—14, 16—21.
21—20. R. Hausman and M. Basch defeated
K. Downs and T. Foley, 21—14, 17—21, 21—19.
M. McLaugblin and J. Moflett defeated R.
Adams and W. McLaughlin, 21-13, 15-21.
21—20. M. Edwards and J. Collins defeated
J. White and M. McLaughlin, 21—16, 15—21.
21—19. R. Murphy and E. Toy defeated J.
Law/ess and D. Connelly. 21—15, 17—21,
21—19. J. Harlow and E. Maloney defeated J.
Feeney and A. Pennoyer, 21—12. 15—21,
21—17. J. C. Nealon and J. Riordan. coast
champion, defeated T. F. Bonnet and P. T.
Donnelly, 21—15, 13—21, 21—19.
The Occidental Bail Court was crowded
yesterday by the members and friends of
the club to witness the presentation of the
General J. G. Wall medals. Although
sick, the General was in attendance and
was a keen spectator of the game 3. Presi
dent Condon of the club was billed to
make the presentation speeches, but the
crowd evidently was too much for the
president, and the honor fell upon P. F.
McCormick, who delivered an appropriate
address eulogizing the General, whom be
termed the greatest lover and patron of
amateur sports in America.
Mr. McCormick then pinned the first
medal on Richard Linehan, the great
overhand swiper. The second medal was
given to Al Collins, the third to William
Collins and the fourth to William O'Con
nor. Each of the winners made short but
appropriate speeches, and the meeting ad-
j mrned with three cheers and a tiger for
General J. G. Wall.
HE WAS NOT ROBBED.
Thomas Ryder, a Rancher From Ala*
meda County, Gets Himself
into Trouble.
Thomas Ryder, a rancher in Alameda
County, got himself into trouble in a
saloon on Ellis and Scott streets last Sat
urday night and he was locked up in the
City Prison on a charge of being ''drunk."
Ryder is a man about 45 years of age.
He had been indulging too freely in "fire
water," and when he entered the saloon
two men and a woman who were di inking
at the bar soon made friends with him.
They had some drinks with him and then
took nim into a rear room. Ryder began
to realize that soruetning might be wrong
and forced his way out of the saloon. He
mf t Policeman Mangan on Geary street
and told him that he baa been roobed of
$160.
Mangan went back to the saloon with
him and he repeated the statement that
he had been robbed. The patrol wagon
was summoned and Ryder, the two men
and the woman were takeu to the Central
police station. There Ryder was searched
and $45 60 wf.s found in his pockets. He
then dec ared that he had not been robbed
and the two men and the woman were not
detained.
Ryder was discharged from the City
Prison yesterday morning along with
other "arunks " who had sobered up.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
A Good All-Aged Stnke "<m Off Tes-
terday.
At Ingleside yesterJay a good all-aged
stake was c< ursed befrra an audience ol
over a thousand. The hares ran well,
and there was no complaint over the judg
ing and slipping.
The course was run as follows:
Dillon & Reilly's Sunol beat M. Traynor's
Woip jr., T. Butler's Misie beat J. Sh a's Fear
less, M. Traynor's Fi«siilight beat \V. Clark's
Gracie 8, J. Segsrerson's White Chief beat Grace
& Dean's N^lly Conroy, M. Traynor's Valley
Maid beat Dillon & Reilly's Urannaie, Heury
Spring's Blue Rock beat Bartel & Rosseter's
Bona, M. O'Connor's Lady Clliton bt*at Grace
& Demi's Dunn d, J. Kerr:gan's Fair View beat
Mlramonte kennel's Master Rab, T. Cronin's
Old Glory beat Croniu & MiDotiald's >-kv
bali.Bartel & Rogseter'sßorder'sVulentineb-nt
M. O'Connors Jim Daly; P. gtai and Hag
gerty's Magnet beat W. R>>y's Eclipse; E.
Campbell's Bend Along beat E. Dennis 1 Snow
bird; J. SheaN Tuilermore's beat J. Rock*
Myrtle; J. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence beat P. Mc-
Cabe's Amesport ; Dillon and Reuly's Queen B
beat H. Spring's Sir Walter; Kobin-on and
Peyton's Red Rover beat P. McCabe's White
ClitvOn.
First ties— Pusie beat Sunol, White Chief
beat Flash Ight, Valley Maid beat Blue Rocks,
Lady Clifton beat Fair View, Border's Valen
tine bent Old Glory, Magnet beat Bend A ong,
6t. Lawrence beat Tullennore, Queen B beat
Red Rover.
Second ties— White Chief beat Susie. Valley
Maid beat Lady Ciiiton, Magnet beat Border's
Vh eh :ine, St. Lawrence beat Queen B.
Third ties— Valley Maid beat White Chief,
Mugn*' t beat St. Lawrence.
Magnet beat Valley Maid.
Tue prizes weie $45. $25, $12 and $12.
A New Democratic Club.
The political club formerly known as the
Bryan Free Bilver and Flambeau Club has
been reorganized as the Democratic Central
Club of San Francisco. The reorganized
society meets at Pythian Castle every week.
They propose to have a chairman In every
district and secure permanent quarters at au
early aaie. They say they will select the best
men in every campaign and do all in their
power to purify politics. Frona Eunice Wait
will lecture for the club's benefit at I'ythiau
Castle next Saturday evening.
NEW TO-DAT.
STEINWAY
PIANOS
ARK USED AX ALIi
NORDICA
Concerts.
SHERHAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers.
SAN FRANCISCO • Kearny and Sutter Streets
OAKLAND - Broadway and Thirteenth Streets
PORTLAND. OK. - Fifth and Yamhlll Streets
[ bfiinLb, WASH. . - •• ' 716 bocoud Street ,
BUTLER AND THE
SHIP HIDDEKEL
His Wife Took Passage on
Her for San Fran
cisco.
She Died, However, Bs r cre the
Vessel Got Away From
Newcastle.
fhe Pilots on the Gracia S Were
Sworn In as Deputy Marshals
Before Sailing.
The Swanbilda was a drawing card at
Meigs wharf yesterday. About 3 p. m.
over a thousand people were walking up
and down the seawall, scanning every sail
that made its way around the Fort, hop
ing against hope that it might be the long-
Jooked-lor ship, with Murderer Butler
aboard.
Early in the day the pilot-boats Lady
Mine and Gracie S went out, and their de
parture caused somewhat of a sensation.
The Lady Mine took out a number of
pigeons, which will be put ashore on the
Faraliones, to bo used in sending the first
news of tbe appearance of the vessel with
the, murderer aboard. After landing her
precious cargo the pilot-boat will at once
return to San Francisco.
The Gracie B has men aboard who are
determined to make a record. Some of
the best pilots in the service are aboard
her, and every one of them has been sworn
in as a United States deputy marshal.
Captain Jordan is in command, and he
carries with him a letter to Captain
Fraser explaining the circumstances of
the rase, and the pilot will not be aboard
the Swanbilda two minutes before Butler
will be in irons, if be is aboard.
Tne Gracie S will be on the outside sta
tion for at least four days, and the pilots
and towboat men are confident that the
Swanhiida will arrive before next Thurs
day. In that event the men on the Gracie
a will be first aboard, and there will be
very litile for the police to do when the
vessel is hove to off Lime Point.
It cropped out to-day for the first time
that Captain Oudney of the big British
ship Hiddekel had an experience win the
murderer. The vessel. was at the time in
Newcastle, N. S. \V., and being loaded
was ready to sail. Butler, or the man
whom the captain asserts was Butler,
came along and asked what accommoda
tion there was on the vessel for pas
sengers. He explained that he bad a sick
wife and that the doctors had advised a
sea voyage. He wanted her to reach Cali
fornia, bui as some business matters re
quired his attention he would be unable
to get away for a month.
Butler wa more than satisfied with the
accommodations on ttie Hiddekel and the
next day brought his wile aboard. The
vessel lay in the stream Jor several days
Letore she pot her clearance papers and in
the meantime the woman gradually sank
and died. Her husband took charge of
lhe body and she wa< buried ashore.
What the nature of her ma. ady was Cap
tain Oudney does not know, but he thinks
it was consumption. The apprentice boys
a- d s:fi-ors om the Hiddekel will not dis
cus-s the matter as they are afraid of rais
ing the ■ host of the dead woman.
The Hi ldelcel brought here over 4000
tons » f coal which have been discharged.
A week ago ibe joined the diseng ged
t! ft and is now in the stream awaiting a
charter.
KEW TO- DAT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
Telephone Grant bis.
We respectfully announce our in-
tention to dispose of our Entire
Fall Importations of French. Ger-
man, English and Domestic Manu-
factured Goods
AT REMARKABLY
LOW PRICES!
Our stock embraces more than
double the assortment shown in
general stores.
40-INCH LIZARD MOHAIR,
worth 75c, at 50c Yard
56-INCH CHEVIOT SERGE,
worth 85c, at «Oc Yard
48-INCH LIZARD MOHAIR,
worth $1 25, at 75c Yard
PRIESTLY ENGLISH M -
H AIR, worth $125, at
_ 1; _.$1.OO Yard
FINE SUITS BHEATLY RECOOED
See Our Assortment of
SILK SKIRTS.
R. T. KESSEDY COMPANY.
KEW TO-L. AT— AMUSEMENTS.
O'Farrell Street J.e.w«H»n Stoclcton and Posr»l.
Strongest Bill Ever Offered at this Popular
House. LI— NEW STARS- 11 •■
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY- T
The Most Wonderful, Startling . and Sensational
Acrobats on the Face of the Earth— 3 Ladies and
4 Gentlemen in Full Evening Dress L'ouume.
■■'..:-■ BINNS AND BINNS,
Comedy Musical specialty— 2 .Nobelman,
WILSON AND WARING,
The Tramp and Dancing Oirl.
A Powerful Bill of Novelties!
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra,
Composed of Soloists, Under the Direction or tbe
World-Famed clarionet Virtuoso and
Conductor, P. K. MATUB.
Entire Change of the Grand Double Ballet!
NILSSON'S AKHIAL and KIKALf *'S OBAKD
OPKIIA BALLEI is.
Reserved SeaU, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Sea s, 50c. ■
Th» Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert in tbe Orpb<nm Annex after the
regular performance la the auditorium. . ■ '
PEOPLE'S PALACE. '
WEEK COMMENCING JAN. 18. 1897.
; Matinee Saturday ; and Sunday, 2 P. M.
— —LAST WJiEK.OF—
SAHARA'S COLORED MiSSTRELS!
See the Funny Comedian*, *■ •
LEKOY BLAND— ———BILLY YOUNG
- — And 35 Others.
DON'T FOBGKT THE , CAKEWALK.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7A. «. totff. M. -
Bathing, ■ Including; ■ Admission- Adults
... 260. Children -ate. .
l General Adjuissiou, 10c ; Children, fie.
NEW TO-DAY.
| The Woman,
I' The Man,
Andjnie Pill, i
< She was a good woman. He I •
] loved her. She was his wife. \'\
( The pie was good; his wife |'
!|» made it; he ate it. But the |!
{ l pie disagreed with him, and d'
< I he disagreed with his wife. ? i
\\ Now he takes a pill after pie V
1 1 and is happy. So is his wife. 1 1
] I The pill he takes is Ayer's. <i \
1 1 Moral: Avoid dyspepsia %
!| t>y usin g
! Ayer's
if Cathartic Pill^l;
FUNERAL OF MRS. LEES.
The Service* Will Take Place at the
Residence at 2 O'Clock This
Afternoon.
All that i 8 mortal of the late Mrs. Jane
Amelia Lees, the wife of the captain of
deteotives, will be borne from the family
residence at 1022 Pine street this after
noon at 2 o'clock to Laurel Hill Cemetery,
where her remains will rest beside tnose
of her children.
The following gentlemen have been se
lected as pall-bearera— Chief of Police P.
Crowley, Reui ea H.Lloyd, Thomas W.
Walkmcton, Dr. John Nightingale, Gen
eral W. H. L. Burned, City and County
T rea-urer A. C. WidDer and Judge Davia
Louderback.
The Rev. Horatio Btebbins, an intimate
friend, will officiate at the residence, where
the religious service will be field.
Captain Lees and bis- son and daughter
are adverse to an ostentatious funeral, so
the services will be conducted in as quiet
a manner as possible.
Chief Crowley has ordered a detail of
police officers lo attend the funeral, out of
respect to Captain Lees.
SEW to-dat:
Confucius said to his fol-
lowers:
Be good and courteous
to all, even to the stranger
from other lands. If he say
unto you that he thirsteth,
give unto him a cup of warm
tea without money and
without price."
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 511
KEW TO-DAr-AMUSEIItaTTI
TrtitDLAraiLJlGOTTlQD*©' itiiOAnorwtMttV"
JUST T LOOK
— | HERE.
TO-WZGST
'TOREVi.B."
DEVIL'S AUCTION!
co- — people- — SO,
Th" magnificent scenery.
The go;'i'ou< costumes.
The dazzling armor.
The brautifui ballets.
The noted premiers.
. The 1 uropean * penalties.
Th 5 a tisic compa iv.
A mammoth p od action.
Dazzli transformations.
The flight of time.
Aid all tb«* cr«at features.
Bring the children. ;
You can't afford to miss it.
• NKXT WEEK .
An' entire change of all the ballets.
v^ specialties and novelties.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ai.Ha.yman <b co. (Incorporated) froprtdij.-t
NORDIGA OPERATIC CONCERTS
Direction or A). Hayman, Klair & Erlanger.
NOBDiCA, SCALCEII. BERTHA I.D (Tenor),
DfiMPSEY (Basso). LUCKSTOKE,
Pianist and Conductor.
Tuesday. Jan. 19... 3d act "FAUST."
Thurs., Jan. 21.. Last act "IL TROVATORE."
Sat. Mat-, Jan. 23.. Last act "SIEGFRIED."
Monday Next, January 25,
IVT O X) «T 33 JE» 33: -A. .
Assisted by JOsEPH ha WuRTH and Complete
Company.
Five Nights and Saturday Matinee. "Magda.**
Saturday Night, "Mary Stuart."
bEATS RK'DY THUKBDAY.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
MKb.KBKE«Ti>-K KEBI.WD. Proprietor & jlaaAja;
AXI. OVER TOWN -NEWS OF THE
HIT OP
THE SECOND EDITION
Of Our Trillin Holiday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SONGS.
"NTT? IV DASCKB.
SPECIALTIES.
TTTJ I A "D Annie Bolts' French Chansonette,
XlJCjilJLi "BON JOUR, MONSIECK!"
CT?T? Ferris Hartman's Burlesque,
OJJjJCJ "THE A BKAL BALLET."
"WHAT WILL THEY SPBING ON US NEXT!"
BRING THE CHILDREN.
SECURE YOUR SKATS IN ADVANCE.
EVERY EVENING.
PODUla*- Prices.. 25c »n<l "iOi
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOBO8Ca..«ole Lessee and Mana^ar •
First Presentation on the Pacific Coast
: . Of the Emotional Melodrama,
AGAINST THE STREAM I
An Intensely Interesting Story of Love
and Hatred. Tragedy and Comedy.
MAKVEL.OUS FIRE SC :NE!
Excruciatingly Funny Specialties I
Thrilling and Exciting Situations of
Living Interest.
Evenlnr Prices— 1 .10, '"rio and tit,'
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ill PA7AR TO-NiaHTI
HLUMsWMII TO-NIQHT!
' Grand scenic Production of . .
"-A. 1=1.3333331j:"
The Best War Play Kver Written.
JEleailstlO affects! See i.lbby Prison! Laying the
Telegraph Lines and Heading and :
■ Rec etvlne Dispatches.
GEORGE OBBOURNK, \ HUGO TOLAND
And All the Favorites in the Cast.
100 Men of Co. L, Ist Beg., N. U. C, on the Stage.
BENEFIT TO CO. L JAN. 18 19. JO.
TO-NIOHT— "OFFICER'S NIGHT."
Our Regular Prices. -Phone for seats— Blaclc 991.
ACING I PACING I RACINGI
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97,
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday,
'Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
' K sin or Shine. ' :■■
FIVE OB KOBE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp-
Jerry Boats l>-ave San Francisco at 12 K. and
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. m.. connect-
ing witli trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets 10 Miell Mound. .
Returning— Trains leave tne Tracsc at 4:15 aal
4:46 v. m. and immediately utter the last race. ■ ■ ■ •
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, irn*\<XwA
JX.U. AIILJUOY, becretary.
78
ALL UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Kaitern Star.
■ Worthy Matron Pierce of Oak Leaf Chapter
has sent a Now Year's greeting to the member
ship of the chapter. It is in the shape of a
very neat letter, and she announces to the
members that she Would be pleased to meet
them at receptions 10 be given at her homja on
Harrison street, in Oakland, from '2 to 5 in the
afternoon and from 8 to 11 o'clock in the even
ing on the first Wednesday in February,
Mnrch, April and May.
Among the visitors to the office of the grand
secretary last week were: Past Grand Treas
urer Mrs. S. Isabel Hubbard, who has recov
ered from a recent severe attack of illness;
Mrs. Nellie A. Darling, grand organist; Grand
Treasurer Mrs. Horton, Miss Frances Hart of
Ferndale, Mrs. M. Foster, secretary of Mission
Chapter, and Mrs. C. A Giberson, D. D. G. M.
for the eighth district.
Independent Order of Odd Fellow*.
At the public installation of officers of Golden
Gats Lodge the fjllowing-named were obligated
by L. C. Merhson, D. D. G. M., in the presence of a
large Dumber of visitors from sis:er lodges and
friends of the members: I. Kragea, N. G. ; F. 9.
Leclert. V. G.: C. R. Maclanchlan, 8.5. : I.E.
Garrett, P. 8.; W. H. Leitch. T.j T. H.Marks,
W. : T. W. Taylor, C. ; H. M. Gruman, O. G.; S.
Bnsch, I. G.; A. W. Martin, R. S. N. O. ; R. Y.
Crltchlow, L. S.N. G.: W. A. Harvey, R. S. V. G. ;
O. F. Rede, L. S. V. G.; J. Koster. B. 8. S.: A.
Williams, L. S. S., and Joseph Scnmidt, chaplain.
Alter the installation ceremoniei there was pre
sented a beautiful gold badge to M. K. Diebold.
the retiring noble grand, by I. K. (Barrett, on be
ho!f or the lod^e, ana then followed a very inter
esting programme of music, son; and specialties,
In which Char Parent, rtasc'i and Kragen, Mr.
Woods, L. Rurri*. Kelly and O'Brien, Mis* Mabel
Grumnn. Professor E. J. ApDleoy, Joseph Hat
son. M ss Burn*. Mr. Burris. Mr. Wyand. Mrs.
6-ethrnan. Mr. Grlftes. K. H. rorpey and P.
Abrahamson took part. The enteitainment was
a source of much enjoyment, and between num
bers ice cream, lemonade and '"ikes were served.
On Friday evening San FrancHro Lodge Initiated
candidates. The lodge will be officially visited on
the 29th by the.grand master, who will be ten
dered a reception.
The qnar erly meeting of the Veterans will be
boll next Monday.
The officers o' Wildey Encampment were in
stalled by Deputy 1. A. Foster, assisted by Canton
>o. 5, last Thursday A number of addresses
were made. On ! ha 1 occasion G 'and Scribe Bsr.ies
presented to George W. Lemoni. >;. T.,th- mag
nificent testimonial jewel voted him by the Grand
Kncampment for long and faithful service In the
order. The jewel is in the shape of a tent and is
appropriately inscribed.
Umtv Encampment will install its officers on
the '_'«th.
Tbeothrersof Golden Gate Encampment were
Installed by Deputy Foster in the presence of a
very large number of the membership. Addresses
were made by William H. Barnes, G. S, and
Georg" W. Lamont. G. T.
(iermaaia Lodge will install Its officers on Thurs
day.
-areenl Lodse has chosen the following-named
officers for i tie ensuing term: A. P. Ely, N.G.:
i, C. Hoodall, V. G. : IV. O. Maedoucall. R. S. (re
elected): ljuy Lathrop. F. *■'. (re-elected): Alex
ander Hay, T. The loige will initiate two candi
dates (O-night and will a -Imit one by card.
At the meeting of Amity Lodge the retiring
noble grand, Mrs. Mary D. Munro. wai presented
with a most niag'iiticent renalia of her station, one
of the finest ever made, special pains having been
taken by Norcrcss to bri;ig it within the wish of
the donors. ,
Crockett Lodge will celebrate its tenth anniver
sary on the 14th of Febri;a .
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Th° special meeting that was hell In Pacific
Grove for the purpose of conferring th» degrees on
a class of fifteen candidates for Pacifi : urove
Lodge \va< a most enthusiastic one. The two de
grees were given in amplified form with screen
work t y the Pacific drill team of Oakland under
the leadership of Frank P. Poland, D. G. M. W.,
and master workman of the team, ihe work was
a revelation to the large membershiu present, it
bc-iiig the first the people of tha: section nad wit
nessed, as given by profession* s. There were
also present a n umber of members from Monterey
LoJge. During the evening Grand Mes'er Work- \
man Vinter delivered an address expressive of
his enthusiasm in ihe work on behalf of the order,
and others also showing by what they said that
the members of the order in Monterey County are
working with a vim. After the close of tha lodge
work there was a drill by the team for the benefit
of the ladies who had been invited to witness the
beautiful work, an 1 in return the ladles presented
en invitation to a banquet prepared for all. W. T.
« ole. the recorder of the lodge, and Messrs. Lewis
and Heath are entitled to much credit for their
earnestness in the matter of increasing the mem
bership of Pacific Grove > odge.
Through the special efforts of Special Deputy B.
P. We 'is anew lodge was organized in Mayh'eld,
and was Instituted on last Thursday as May Held
Lodge by Grand Master Vinter and the San Jose
team. Through the efforts of the same deputy
the old lodge at Newark was reorganized and bad
a membership of forty at the reinstitution last Sat
urday.
On Monday evening the officers of Excelsior
Lodge were installed and an address was delivered
by last Mailer Sarle. A navel made from timber
of the old war vessel Hartford was presented to
the newly installed master workman, J. W. Mc-
Knight. A vote oi thanks was tendered to Mr.
Earl* for his very interesting address.
At the installation of the officers of Here ules
Lodge theie were present Grand Master Workman
Viuter and Pas; Grand Masters William H.
Barnes, J. X. Yonnsr, Edwin H. Danforth and J.
Taylor Rogers. It is the first lodge in the juris
diction that has ever been so honored. The in
stalling officer was C. S. Curls, D. I). G. M. W.,
bo was assisted by Past Grand Masters John
Henderson, P. M., and William Hansen, deputy.
The new officers are: George Peterson, P. M. W.;
g. W. Glosser, M. W.: E. Wollert, O.; a. .1 O'Mal
ley, O. : A. G Dawes, G. ; K. R. Hunter. I. W., and
A. Gunther. O. W. A banquet and addresses fol
lowed the cereraoi ies. 1 his lodge lias fourteen
candidates for installation next Friday.
The following named officers of Burns Lo^ge
were installed last Thursday by Deputy L. G.
Schord, assisted by E. H. Danforth, P. G. M. W.,
and Herman Scnaft'ner, G. 0., In the presence of a
large membership: W. G. Johnson. P. M. . W. ;
George E. Oatman, M.W.: J. G. Chase. F. ; Thomas
Casey. O.: Frank Mahr, I. W.; John Murphy, O.
W. A banquet followed the ins.allation.
The officers of Yerba Buena Lodge were Installed
In a creditable manner by Deputy Shaylor last
Friday. Frame La*Tence, P. M. W., afteri.con
graiulatine John Wrede. the retiring master work
man, for having carried out the promises he medc
when he took office, presented him on behalf of
the lodge a past master's badge of the order. Un
der his administration the lodge initiated fifteen
young candidates and has two more to initiate
next Friday. This lodge has a very tine orches
tra, which Is under the leadership of E. W. Kent,
and after the ceremonies of Installation It fur
nished music, Dr. W. H. Fearn, P. M. W., George
A. Morreil and F. G. Hall rendering vocal selec
tions. This lodge, which is a sick-benefit paying
lodge, with a membership of 300, sustained loss by
death in the past six month of two past masters —
C. H. M. Curry and C. D. Coon.
West End Lo.ge conferred the Oriental degree
on a number of ca didates last Thursday. Those
v. bo received it enjoyed the pleasure to such an
extent thai, they are looking for more candidate]
that they, too. may enjoy the pleasure of initia
tion
.1. M. Ward, P. G. M, having reigned the cap
ta ucy • f the Pacific Drill team. W. J Paterson,
the former captain, was elected to fill the va
c« ncy. tfBSH&HNtGRPw
At the meetlnz of Madera Lodge last Wednes
day, Grand Master Vinter was present and wit
nessed the initiation of twenty-one candidates.
Last Tuesday Yolo Lodge ex. ended a welcome
to the grand master workman and his deputy,
after which twelve candidates were Initiated.
An application signed by twenty-five was re
ceived til the office of tte grand recorder for the
organization of a new lodge at Corona. This was
B»cur. d by special Deputy Immes.
The grand master workman and the deputy
grand master workman addressed a meeting at
m organ ill, Santa Clara County, last Friday, and
as a result, twenty-five signatures for a, new lodge
were < btalned. £sssgfc|ian
Last Saturday Golden West Lodge was visited
I y the grand master workman and other grand
officers, and ten candidates were present for in-
i anon.
. !-pecial Deputy Wells la organizing a new ledge
at -Saratoga.
The officers of Los Ga-.os Lodge were installed
by the grand master workman and the Han Jose
Drill team in the presence of a large membership.
A banquet followed the Installation.
The t-an Jose Drill team conferred the degrees on
a number of candidates for Paio Alto Lodge last
week. .
Mhere was a large meeting last Wednesday in
the hall of Richmond Lodge, i» being the first
meeting or the lodge since its institution.
Degree of Honor.
' The officers of Silver Star Lodge were installed
last Thursday by Deputy Mrs. Eva Cogan, assisted
by Miss M. H. Ohea as grand marshal, each per
iormlng her fart of the service of It sta lation in
an i ble manner. '1 here were visitors from all •he
surrounding lodges and after the installation there
was a fine literary programme, which furnished
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
C.ENTBA L OKFICK
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
PUBDY & ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
-5J tations. Reference Ist National Bank, a. F.
CHICAGO. l'i.:iVAi\b WlKii BM.W VuBK.
enjoyment to the mam". Mrs. Nixon on retiring
rroni office was presented a handsome pin )n
recognition of her services, and Mrs. Ireidimrg,
having served three years as recorder, received a
h *"he 'officer's of bllver spray Lodge will be pub
licly ius ailed on Tuesday iv Excelsior Hall by
Deputy Mrs Pinkbam. A literary enter; ainmeiu
will follow the installation.
Mrs Jane Jarnian, D !>., installed the officers of
Allda Ipi-htiioti Lodge of san Jose las Monday,
(irand Master Vintner and Grand Recorder Mrs.
Kan- s. >'oiaiid were pr sent. A bean contest and
a supper followed Hie ins ailation.
Crown of the Vall-y Lodge, of Pasadena,
initiated five applicants last week and receiv.-d
fou^ app i at ions. The majority of these will take
out beiK'ti -iary certilioates.
Xniive Son* of the Golden West.
Last week Grand Oraor Conley officially visited
San Matco and Redwcod par or» and after the
adjournment of the lastnamid i arlor the mem
bers jald a fraternal visit to -Memo 1 arlor and
there addresses were made by the grand orator.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt, C. W. Decker, P G. P.,
and Arthur K;n<aid. D.D. for San.-ateo County.
The visitors then became the guests at a banquet
given by the visited parlor.
'1 he officers of Rincon Parlor turned out in large
numbers to honor Grand Vice-President Clar<
when he paid the paricr an oftk-ial visit.
I hi- i iHchib of Alcatraz Parlor wsre Installed by
W. D. Shea li. D. O. P.. after which there was a
curly bear growl and Grand Growler Gallagher
initiated sev«-r.il cubs , ' ,
The tenth anniversary of Mount Diablo Parlor
will be observed by an entertainment ami ball on
the Ist of February. A number of the grand
offic»rs wi I be pr.s v .
Under the auspices of Byron Parlor there was a
pleasant gathering in the town for which the
parlor is named, at which there were many Native
sons from Berkeley and Anitoch. It was the
occasion of the presentaiioi of a jewel to W.J.
Livingston, the retiring president of the parlor.
It is hardly necessary to say that there was a ban
quet and a good time.
The following-named officers of Athens Parlor
were installed on I uesday by J. R. Kuowland. D.
D. G. P., assisted by H. U." Tenny of Halcyon Par
lor as mar hal: C. D. Matoney, P. P.; L. A. liin
man. P.: W. E. Farno, J. N. Fogartv and O. H.
Green, vice-presidents; M. G. Perkins, M.: K. .1.
Montgomery, trustee: Dr. W. K. Huntinuton and
Dr. A. E. Byron, surgeons; J. K. Cone, I. »-: B.
F. McElroy, O. S.
Member* of Oakland, Piedmont, Berkeley, Hal
cyon and AlumeJa parlors were present at a meet
ing of Oakland Par: last weeK to witness the
conferring ot the Orienta. dei:r»-e on forty mem
bers. At the termination of this the victims were
tendered a banquet 10 assuage heir feelings, 'ihe
visitors w-re guests at hi banquet
Arrangements are being made for the installa
tion of the officers of Los Positos Parlor on
the 18tu.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The officers of Orin a Parlor were installed by
Mrs. W. Simpson. 1). D., a member of Buena Vista
Parlor. At the close of the ins' allation a beau
tiful onyx table and statue were on behalf of the
parlor presented to Mrs. Henna Mack, the retir
ing president: and M las Kmma lumber, the finan
cial secretary (re-elected for the flfite.ith time),
was the recipient of a box containing tne works of
Shakespeare in fifteen volumes. '1 here was a
very large attendance and the even closed with
a banquet
La h-trella Parlor will give an entertainment
on the *JBth in>t.
The nubile installation of the officers of Yerba
Buena Par 01 was to have taken p ace on the list a
inst., but t>ie hail being engaged »or that night i-n
--other date will nave to be tixKl on Thursday next.
Mis. Sophie Schroeder. di-trict deputy, haying
resigned, Mrs. Annie J. Simpson of Buena Vista
Parlor has been appointed 10 till the vacancy.
Grand President Mrs. Till man is in ihe south
attending to the organization of apart or at San
Mlguei, San Luis Obispo County.
Foresters of America.
J. S. W. Saunders, grand sub-chief ranger, will
officially visit Conn Zenitb tcMiisbt and court San
Leandro on Wednesday eveniac.
The ofticers of Court Mayrlower were publicly
Install, d in Mission Parlcr Hall last Tuesday even
ing by Ira W. Coburn, D. O. C. H.. ass stPd by
Thomas Wall P. C. K. The instaliatiou was fol
lowed by an interesting en:ertainme it and a social
dance. The officers installed were: Arthur Wal
len, J. P. C. X. ; A. C. Uoldner, C. X; McHugh
We->l, s. C, X. ; C, E. Meyers, treasurer; \V. S.
Thuruooil, financial secretary; Alpbeu-j Duftee.
recording secretary: J. C Irvine, ». W. ; J. H.
i arah. J. W.; Henry 1 1 iineniiiactirr, S. H. ; Kob
>-n <)'P.our<e, J. B.; Dr. P. H. Maas, physician:
Henry Ma:is. or^au s;.
At the official visit of Urani Sub-Chief Hunger
Saunders io Court hell Mound, in Hoiden Uaie, |
on lust Thursday evening, an interesting pr<.- |
senta iun ttok place. K. B. Vellage, grand chief
ranger of thi-j jurisdiction and a niemoer o! Court
thell Mound, was presented by the gr ml sub-cblef
ranger on uehalf of the court a handsomo goid
luouiiied travel.
( ourt Santa Lucia of Salinas has during the past
year ma.le a substantial g *in loth in membersnip
a id tinances, and at its present rale of progress
bids fair to become the banner couri in the sahnns
VaJey.
Court Pnjaro Valley Kose and Pajaro Valley
Hose circle >n the Conioanions of tbe toroat met
in join st-ssion On last M onuar evenmr in Ma
so ie Uali, Uas^nville, aid tne newly elected
officers of both court and circle were Installed iv
puuiic.
After the Installation of the newly elected of
ticers oi lour^ cMOCkton tliuse present were in
vited to an elaborate bauqu*-t, which was served
1., an adjoining Bail. An imprompu programme
foilowwi and good chetr and leeiitigs reigned su
preme.
The following are the directors and officers of
the Hall Agsoc.ation for the ensuing year: David
« ohan, presden^: Ueoige Head, vice-nresideiu;
James Healing, treasurer: C. H. Bremer, srer-
tarv; JobnJ. cord 3-, as- istant secretary : ihomas
Tyler, Mrs. L. Tlcoulet, W. A. ."-amuel, M Ik.
Valentine. K. Kinnear, George Healing, Mrs. S.
A. Beauharnais, William Kln.gei : Louis Kra^eu,
Sol Peiser.
Lelgti H. ;irvine of Court Inter Nos, a promi
nent atid well-known journalist of this City, has
issued a manual ana guide of the 01 der, which is
h vt tj- complete »Dd concise expo^Hion of the
cardinal princij les of the Fores.er* of America.
The book is a compilation from official sources,
and tbe manner of the presentation of Die matter
makes it interesting reading for members aua for
those who may wish to become .Foresters.
The Knights of Honor.
The officers of Ivy Lodge were installed on Fri
day by Deputy scott Elder, assisted by R. A. A.
Summers as grand guide in tbe presence of the
grand dictator.
The past week was a busy one for the installing
officers. On Monday the grand dictator, P. L.
Archibald, assisted by Grand Guide Lamed and
Deputy Elder, installed the officers of Liberty
Lodgp. The same night tbe grand dictator, as
sisted by Grand Assistant Dictator Thomson
and i.ranci Guide Lamed. installed the officers of
Yerba Buena Lod.e. A banquet followed and
during the festivkies Dictator l-'alvey on behalf of
the lodge ;;res»nted a very floe set of diamond
sleeve buttons to Retiring Dictator I). F. Cameron
In recognition of his services during his term of
office.
Un Tuesday the officers of German ia Lodge
were installed by the grand dictator, assisted by
Supreme Kepreiematlve Crowe aud Deputy sum
mers.
There was a large attendance at tbe installation
of Occidental Lodge on Wedne-idar night, and
amone tne visilOis were ibe grand dictator. Grand
Vice-Dlciator W. \V. Morison, Granu Chaplain 6.
B. Allen, supreme Representative Crowe and
Deputies Elder and Summers. The installation
was by the grand officers. A banquet followed
the ceremony.
The following are the officers of Past Dictators'
Association elected for the ensuing term: M. L.
Crowe, P.; C. H. Holcomb, V. P.; * . A. Oar
tnorne, S.: CG. Schafer, F. S. ; C Lampe, X.; J.
H. Klley, O.
Knight* and Ladles of Honor. .
The officers elect of West End Lodge will be in
stalled to-morrow night by D. strict Deputy Mrs.
I). J. Kaplan.
The o filters of Oakland Lodge will be installed
in the new quarters in Gier's Hall on Fourteenth
street on the 26:.b. The grand officers have been
invited to be present.
The officers of Yerba Buena Lodge of San Jose
have been installed by Mrs. K. J. Colombet, acting
as district deputy. Mr. Gran ma has been cnose.i
as representative to the next grand lodge, ana M.
A. McDonald, the recording secreiary of the
'itj'iee, was chosen as alternate.
Th> .s lodge will give a grand masque carnival in
Germania Hall, ban Jose, next Wednesday.
Knights of Pjrthius.
The officers of Koma Lodge were installed last
Tuesday by C. Calegaris, D. G. C, assisted by
H. Schaffner, G. K. of R. and a, M. A. bamuels,
W. J. Kidd and W. ». G. Morocco.
The bi-monthly social of Fairmount Lodge will
be given next Friday.
Ttie offiicn of Kureka Lodge were installed last
Friday , and atter the ceremony there was an ele
gant spread, ot which many of the prominent
members of the order look part.
Grand Chancellor McUlasnan will visit Fresno
on tbe TTth mat.. when there will De a joint meet
ing of the lodges. Tbe »vi lowing day he will visit
Benlcia, and on the 28th he trill be with the ,o<!«e
in Winters, when it will celebrate its twenty-fifth
anniversary.
I- xceUlor Lodge has changed Us meeting night
to Monday. This lodge has a number of applica
tions to acL upon.
The Stockton lodges will Jointly celebrate tbe
thirty-third anniversary of the founding of the
order, February 19.
■Woodmen of the "World.
The following officers of Redwood Camp ware
installed last Thursday by M. T. Moses, P. H. C. :
H. C. Smith, P. C. C. : W. J. Miller, C. C. ; G. W.
Baltic A. L.: P. H. Bava«, B.: Thomas F. Hat.
ton. li; «eorge Webb, r, X.; .1. Q Ward, W.:
James Fitzpatrlck. S. : W. W. Peck, manager
eighteen months, J. F. Harmon, twelve moutns,
K. Lacknow, six months.
Head Cousul Falkenburg will commence his offl
cal v siiaticns next Tuesday, commencing at
ban Diejjo and working northward, and be ex
pens to be In ibis City aoout the Ist of next
month, lie wi'i remain five or six weeks in this
pan rf the State.
Independent Order B'ne B'ritli.
■ The ins allation ball given by California Lodge
wai a strand affair and proved a suc-cjss in every
sen-e of th>- worJ. .<■'■■< > ■ •
Grand secretary LevUon will leave on the 22d
liisi. for Stockton to prepare for the District Lodge
convention that will meet In that city on the '24th
inst. There will be a fall representation of dele
gates. - . . , , ■ ...... ■
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MOND^Y^ JANUARY 18, 1897.
THEY WILL DANCE
AT THE PRESIDIO
Society to Attend the
Officers' Hop on
Tuesday.
Mrs. Mary V. T. Lawrence
Gives an Oriental Enter
tainment.
Samuel D. H u-seli and Miss Minnie,
C A len Married at St.
Bridget's.
On Tuesday evening the officers of the
Presidio will give a hop at their pretty
hoproom at the reservation. This will be
the first entertainment at which the newly
stationed officers wiil preside, and society,
local as well as army, is to be well repre
sented.
An oriental entertainment was given
on Monday evening, the 11th, by Mrs.
Mary V. Tingle; Lawrence at her resi
dence, 501 Harrison street. Mrs. Law
rence's mother. Mrs. Geor-e Brown Ting
ley, assisted her in receiving the guest?.
The programme was of an original char
acter—intellectual, patriotic and histori
cal. The readings were selections from
Mrs. Lawrence's writings — her reminis
cences of the life of her friend, the late
Mrs. Foote, wife of General Lucius H.
Foote.
The wedding of Samuel D. Hounsell
and Jliss Minnie C. Allen, ciaugnter of
Mr. and Mrs. John Allen, took plate at j
St. Bridget's! Churcb, on Van Ness aye- j
nue, on the 30th ult. Miss Sabina acted
as maid of honor, and the groom was at-
I tended by George Cobb. The ceremony j
was performed by the Rev. Father Cotile, |
assisted by Fathers Ryan and McKir.non.
A reception followed at 1319 Broad way.
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered by the Halcyon Social Club to it s j
vice-president, Gustav Bergman, at 232 a I
Capp street, Weunesday evening, January j
13." M^uic, sluging and dancing were indulged
in atirnig the evening, aiter which the guests
sat down io an elaborate simper. Numerous
toasts were made, and responded to by the
hostot the evening. A few beautiful songs j
wore rendered by Frank S. Duplissea.
A pleasant surpr.se parly waa given Henry
Mel ntyre at his residence, 602 Haight struct,
on Wednesday evening, prior to his departure
for Cuba. Among those present were: Thomas
J. Kelly. Dan Murphy aud (rife, Phil McSwee
gan and wife, Robert Slack and wile, Thomas
Holland and wife, \V. J. Riordan and wife,
Judge James Xagle. Mlas M. Gailaght-r. the |
Misses P. and K. Bumf, A. Chauncy McPher- j
I sun, Miss M. Murphy, Thomas W. Shaw mid
I wife, JoFeph and Jack Vincent, Miss K. Mc-
I Bride, Bob Dennie an<l wife, Mr. and Mrs.
James Gilroy. J. C. Hitler and wife. Miss R
Gould, Hon. "Frank Buckley, John T. Eckman
and wife. Otto Lftnge and %vife.
Ou Wednesday evening at the Maison Riche
a pleasant dinner was participated in by the
members of "Tne Blacksioulans." An elabo
rate menu was discussed, after which Bev
eral toasts were proposed, some of which
were: "Our Club," ably responded to by J.
Vincent Lehieh; "The Law," the response to
which by \V. H. Kobinson created v gr--at deal
of animated discussion by several present; ;
'•Our Motto— 'Live Like a Hermit and Work j
Like a Horse,'" responded to by John S.
fiannerman; "Our Pa^t," responded to by
Dauiel S. O'Brien, and ' "Links oi Friendship,"
responded to by Landon A. Bell in a humorous
vein Drought the happy event to a close.
Mrs. Fred Bories of Seattle was deligbtfnlly j
entertained by Mrs. L. Blrnbaum of l'Ji'J Ellis !
street on las-tM onday afternoon, the occasion
being the twelfth wed. ling anniversary ol Mrs.
Bories. Vocal p.n-1 instrumental selections by
the various ladies helped to render the after
noon very enjoyable.
The regular monthly entertainment and >
dance of the Western Addition Literary and
Social Club will be neld at Native Sons' Hall,
on Wednesday evening, January '20. The lol
loving excellent programme bas b.*en pre
pared for the occasion: Overture, selected, or
chestra; contralto solo, selected, Miss Miriam
Coney; recitation, "A Water-Losfged Town,"
Miss Nan Place: barytone solo, "Sailor's
Grave" (Sullivan). Mr. Robert L oyd. "The
Sacrifice, a play in one act, by Renshaw
Wood worth; cast "of characters— David Well
man (a gambler), Charles W. Wilson; Jack
Hampton (a genial fellow), Fenton P. Foster;
Philip Doane Sr. (i. sterv j arent), Harry E. de |
Lasam; Philip Doane Jr. (an inexperienced I
youth), Louis Butler; William ( a servant), Ar- j
thur W. Jones, tceue— lnterior of a bache- j
ldr's apartments, New York Ciiy. Time — 1
a. M. Dancing will conclude the evening's en
tertainment.
Among those who participated at the army \
cotillon of the Friday Fortnightly Club were!
Miss Helen Hopkins* Miss Caro Crockett, Miss j
Jessie Hobart, Miss Ethel Tompkins, Miss j
Salisbury, the Misses Kip, the Misses Hoffman,
BUM Florence Josselyn, Miss Cora Smedberg,
the MUaea Moody, Miis McNutt, Miss Florence
Selby, Miss Marie Lane, the Misses Bates, Miss
Julia Crocker, Mifcs Ruse Hooper, Miss Mollie
Thomas, Miss Carrie Taylor, Mlsfl Kate
, Ciement, Miss Mamie Scott, Miss Mattie Brown,
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Florence Stone, Miss
Bernice Drown, Lieutenant Lincoln F. Kil- !
bourne, Lieutenant R. H. Nobie, Lieutenant j
Gardner, Lieu:ena:it Carson, Lieutenant •
Rutherford, Lieutenant Lacy, Lieutenant j
Croxton, Lieutenant Bent, Lieutenant Miley,
Lieutenant Haines, Capiaii: O'Connell, \V. R.
Wnitiier, Fletcher McNutt, Lawson Adams, E.
M. Greenway, M. S. Latham, Samuel Board-]
man, Neville Castle, Rober' Eyre, Jmnes i
Cameron, Harry Pringle, Jared L. Rathbone, j
Latham McMullin, Jose7>n D. Grunt, Lawrence I
Van Winkle, Welter L. Dean, A. D. Keyes, !
Leonard Chenery and ruany others.
Among ihe many coming events in Oakland |
none will be prettier or more attractive than :
the international exhibition, consisting of i
'. twenty-five soio and group character dancers,
, which will be given in Elite Opera-house,
Thursday and Friday evenings and Saturday I
matinee, this week. The Queen Flora's !
matinee, this week. The Queen Flora's
bower, a scene in fairyland, by twenty-one
misses, will be one of the features of the per
formance, which promises to attract large
houses.
The next party of the Masonic Hall Dancing
CluD of Oakland will b=; given Thursday even
ing. It is a strictly invitation affair. There
will be electrical effects never before pre
sented, in the ballroom, and the hall will be
lit with lanterns.
Social Council No. 46, Order of Chosen
Friends, gave its regular monthly entertain
ment and dance on Thursday evening, Janu
ary 14, and was well attended. The following
Erogramme was rendered: I'iauo >ol ■>, Miss
izzie Wiiliatns; comic reading, D. W. Brice;
piis.no duet, Master Laurin and Miss Emily
Wallace; vocal solo, Master Julian Goodeli,
accompanied by MissLzzie Williams; mando
lin duet, H. Hunt and K. Johnson ; reading,
Prolesßor Walter v. O'Brien. Dancing con
cluded a very pleasant evening's entertain
ment.
Trie wedding of Miss Hattie Bloomingdale
and George A. Klirm will take place at the
home of the bride's mother, 1515 Gough
street, attJ p. m., Wednesday, February 3.
Dr. and Mis. O. W. Jones were pas*eng«rs on
the steamship Fuest Bisnmrck which sailed
from Europe on January 12. Upon their ar
rival in New York they will be tne guests of
Dr. Charles Ernest and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Mose Kaufmann have returned
from their wedding trip and will be pleased to
see their friends at 1243 Leavenwoxth street.
A benefit entertainment nnd d.ince will bo
given at St George's Hall, 317 Mason street,
on Wednesday evening, January 20.
P. W. lliimniersmitn entertained several
ladies by giving a theater party at the Bald
win on Friday evening. Alter the perform
ance supper at Delmonico's was partaken of.
Mesdmues M. and D. Gradwohl of 509 Hydu
street have changed their day at home to "the
first Saturday of ench month.
The pupils of Puckett'B Academy will give
an eveniug dres-s parly next Friday, January
22, ftt Mission Opera HalL Three flashlights
will be i.aken during the cotillon march.
The Golden Gates will give their thirty-sev
enth party at California Hall on Thursday
evening, January 28.
Professor P. W. D'Arcy, the pianist, will be
tendered a testimonial benefit by the Mission
Literary and Social Club at their regular
monthly eutertainuieut and social at Union
Square Hall Wednesday, January 27.
Mrt>. B. W. Faulsen leaves the latter part of
this mouth for a trip to Europe, where she ex
pects to remain lor nver&l months.
The fourth invitation soiree musicale and
hop to be given by the McKenzie Musical So
ciety will be held this evening at Native Sons'
Hall.
The Sheridan Club has made arrangements
to give its second annual entertainment and
dance in Mission Parlor Hall. Seven teentn
street, near Valencia, Saturday evening, Janu
ary 16.
The first quarterly social of the P. D. C. .will
beheld on Tuesday evening, February 2. U
will be the opening party of 185)7 and the
club has decided to commemorate the event
by giving a beautiful souvenir to each one at
tending.
Miss Charlotte Kornmayar will receive on
the first and third Thursday of every month
at her residence, 323 Twenty-eighth street.
Miss Rose Doerr will also receive at the sam
residence.
All the arrangements have been completed
for the grand ball to be given by Ignatian
Council No. 35, Y. M I, on Friday evening,
January 22, at N. 8. Q. W. Hall.
Miss Bertha J. Hart and I. W. Cahen will be
manied Suuday, January 17, at noon. f> n 'y
tne immediate members of the family will oe
present at the marriage ceremony.
The engagement is announced of Miss Ber
tha Hoffman to H. Katner of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Bond have left the Hotel
Rafael and have moved into their cottage on
Irwin street, San Rafael.
OAKLAND RACES TO-DAY.
' — /
A Very Fair Card of Running .Events |
Down for Decision.
The racing card at Oakland this after
noon has a hard look, and it would not be
surprising If some outsiders in the betting
creeped in. However, it often happens
that the talent have the greatest success
with this sort of a programme, and such
may be the case today.
The list of entries are as follows: ;;',
First race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
282 Big Chief 1001 387 Double Quick. .110
'■'S-l Miss Ruth... 98 387 Last Chance .107
898 Abi P. . . . 10 ■! 387 George R05e... .107
128 Heartsease. ....105 381 Jitckßlchelleu..llO 1
382 Minnie Ccc .105 376 -Me Nac. 105 I
882 5- an Marco 110 393 Monita. 107 j
382 01ive.... 10* 113 Prematta 100 |
396 Roadrunner....llOi
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, purse.
271 Moscow 115 ?9-' The Broker.] j
392 Valdo« Ha 392 Cogent 116 j
123 1 laudiana 1031 382 Moreno 110 I
392 Modestia. 110 Iron Packer.... MM |
172 Claudia T 103 UN Dr. Martin 108 ;
386 Phillip H 112 272 Dutch Va1et.. ..108 ;
.... Basquil 108 38ti Jack o' lantern.
892 Da Capo 105
Third race, thlrteen-sixteenths of a mile, selling. I
£89 Fortunate 108 373 D. J. Tobin 105 ,
389 Hoy CarrutherUOH 377 (Jeo. Palmer.. .los 1
294 Torpedo 108 (375) Lost Girl. ..... 105 ;
377 .M vatic -Maze .108 375 Imp.Mlstrai lI.ILB !
:Ma Don Clarencio.loß 377 Sweet William. It 8
(389) Hienzl 108' 375 Ingleside 105 1
389 Woodland BellelO3j 389 Viking 105
394 Tempestuous. .los
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, selling.
393 Fore-post. 100; 387 Tuxedo 100
(395) Formal 11l 378 Liule Cripple., li 0 1
397 Herman ita 98 (398) Little Bob 105
<«»:«) Key delßnUos.il 1 381 Unity 96 j
393 Doyle 100
t Ifth race, one mile.
(397) Alvarado 106 390 Schiller. 109
395 Cabrll o 1041 384 Salvablee 109
(382) Applausi 109
Sixth nice, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
220 Instigator 107 371 La Mascotta.... 99 f
363 Hazel D 93 2t58 Virgle A 93
135 DonPioPco... 95 358 Coda 9tJ
286 Halmerston ... 101 381 Mike Rice 101
(381) Perarch 101 .76 Isabelle, 63
175 Kdgeiiii.uu; 95 (365) Benamela 110
Sol Jack Martin. . . . 9 i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— San Marco, Olive, George
Roue. <
Second race — Stockbroker, Mos
cow, Banqull.
Third race— Klenzl, Woodland Belle,
Viking.
Fourth race— Formal, Key del Bandl
dos, Little Cripple.
Fifth ' race — Salvable, Schiller, Al-
THrado.
Sixth race — La Sl»scotta, Benamela,
Mike Rice.
Order of Pendo.
Virclnia Council was instituted by deputy.su
preme councilor at Portsmouth, Va., with thirty
members, on ihe 7th. On tho same day Golden
stur Council was instituted at Basin, Mont., with
thlrty-einht charti r members.
G. W. Jackson of Helena, Arthur Foster of
Anaconda and i>r. T. B. Moore of Butte will rep
re-enl the State of Montana at the third annual
session to be held next Tuesday.
Golden Gate Council will iuitlate four candidates
10-night
Angeleno Council has elected its officers for the
ens'iing term. O. R i-treet is worthy couucilor
and Jacob Lyser secretary.
A uew council was organized at Pasadena last
Monday by G. K. Street, D. 8. C, and the follow
ing named were eected the officers for tbe term:
\\ . fg. Van Nuys, P. C: J G. Kossiter. C: S. R.
laopiucott, V. C; Hugh McMann, s.; J. Roth,
T. : 6 K. lippincott, chaplain; T. P. Pohle, a.
This council gtarts with prospects for a large
membership.
New Zealand bas set apart two islands
for the preservation of wild bird and ani
mals.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. >
J B Short & w, Cal H P. Chase, Portland
J Southworth it w, Cal C W (iorham, Wash
C L bury, Peoria X Bllhoxz, Audubua
J C Tukler, Chicago Mrs X Frick, Denver
F\V Loeber, Si Helena A Monuomery, 80-; ton "
A Bowen s Arc Stream E W- Vest, St Louis
D Moore & w, Henicia Kx-scnator Hall, Placer
I W D Frainu w, L A G H Peters. Yrcka
I G B Taylor, Stanford A M Stevens, lowa
'< W W Potter. Stanford L Alexander, Redding
J B Clark <fe w, Virginia SI Lowemnat, Pa
'J I'ierson. Chicago W T Blake & w. stocktn
J Thomson. Cleveland F Cutting, Stockton
| J) J Peterson, San Diego a l.yon?, New York
■ Mrs a B Andrews, La 8J Kobinson, Baltimore
j Dr Flint &w, sun Juan O W Benson. Roseourg
i<; 11 Stewart, Los Ang J M strening, S Kosa
1 VV O Bap, Stockton J Wilson, Oregon
J McNiel, Danville W S Morriil and w, Cal
M.l Fiirdlnn, Danville Mrs M t-- Wool.-ey, lone
J G Grave, Boston H A Woolsev. lone
HG Fox. Boston Miss B Ardenwith. Cal
G M Strong, Texas G X Jnrvls, San Diego
M Kiilm. Petaluma W G Gray, tan Diego
F 1> i'rdst, Paso Kobles I
PALACE HOTEL.
WF Newport Gran: S Hicks, Tacoma
I JA Kankin &w.Chkat;o MrsJ W Wlndou *f. SAn
: J B sco t<& w, (his ago H<* feeder, I'lttsour?
i W W Chapin Sacto J BGrlmert. rittsburg
It V sebree, Belmont O C Perkins, Stamord
B G Kranss NY W Parker, Los Angeles
c DoualassAw, Miss Truhllng, San Jo»e
j W <; Mcfherson, Portld F C Lnstc, i htco
Georgia v uber, Stanford G O Kimball, Ked Bluff
' X D Hobblns Jr, Sulsun B Wacntmelster. Sweden
jJ B Peake, Santa Cruz R E Jack, mi Luis Obispo
IJ M Haley, Chicago j DrT W lcott <t w,US N
j W F Burden *w, R I PL Provat, X V .
X L Sargent, Dallas J N Van Nuys.LsAngeles
j\V L Cutter, Cleveland Mrs II M Hoyt, cA m,
j Mrs ' X Wager, illensbg Spokane
! G B Walker. Juneau A W MlllUan & w, N V
C Wharton Jr, X V J Bradbury<few, LsAngels
D Moore, Los Angeles '
BALDWIN HOTEL.
! W H Miller, Uklah II Bassford, Yacavllle
X Wlthrow, Santa Clara H Levy, N V
Miss J Swain. Stockton Miss J Hamilton, S Jose
X W Hall, Sacramento O A Hall, San Jose
Ali KobiT.s, Los Ang O M Tbumler, Chicago
j J Blackmail, cago l; .1 I" duey. Los Ang
|>" H Cobb, stocKtou .H Ward. ->a,nta Rosa
I W c Hevener Sacto CTMidlingr, .> V
NEW WESTERN 1 HOTEL
8G Smith A w, Trenton J Ferkelson, san Miguel
J H Stringer, Su Miguel C H Hunt San Miguel
D M anpant, San Miguel Harry Glrvin, Chi' ago
I X it Elder, Chicago A X Hunter, St Paul
] J li summer* <£. w, N V' H Ingram, Stockton ;
I<; spaldini;, Stockton J Rodman. Baltimore
II somerstfcw, Ba tlmore T D Hsrrlnitton<few,Ls A
S LRo ana. 1,0.s .ins-les J A Smith, Bakersh>ld
j "^
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1897.
W.
2
4Ak New Moon.
<«3? Jan. 2.
8
Jan.
11
IS
16
14
«i Full Moon.
'vS? Jan. 18.
17
20
21 i
23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographfo
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality aid free of
expense. . . : ■
Navigators are cordially : Invited 10 visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and salll'i*
directions of the world are kept on ban! lor com
parison and reference,' and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or interest to ocean
commerce. ■■....•/■ ■: :■,'.;-■■ ;.:■■■-■-. ■..■■■'■- '■.. ■"■■' •?;:. ■ ■ ' .'
The tlm* ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal * received " each day • from the
United States Naval Observatory a,** Mare Island
Cat. - ;■ \. .. ■, ,_, .'.:.■..:,., ■ :/.
;-'-•' A notice statin? whether the Mm') ball was
dropped on time, or givln? the error, If any, Is
puhiishej the same day oy the afternoon papers,
•ad by the morniag papers the following lav.
. ' W. S*. Hughes.
 JUeutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge. ■
Tim Time BaII
•IHANCH JTTTIiIOOBAPHfO OFFtOH. TT. V.. I
".'.-"V MEKCHAKTS' EICHASOB >
■ '■■-'.-■ Pan Francisco. January 17. 1837. I
The time ball on - Taiegraph Mill was ar»DN)
exactly at noon to-day — L «., at noon of the 120t i
meridian, or exactly ai 6 If. it., Greenwich Uma.
W. 8, Huohks,
Liputenant U. 8. IV.. in ehar<(».
Explanation.
The arrow fliea with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tho«e underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect p<*n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dottea lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually arcouiDanied by fair weather: "low"
rffers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and aceompHnied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usially first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditloaJ
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER 1 UREAU REPORT.
United States Department of aoricoi/-
Tt'KE. Weather Bureau, Sam Francisco, Jan.
17. 1897, 5 p. ii.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four
hours:
Eureka 5>3.32 Inches, last season 18.72, last 24
hours .00: Red B'.uff 11.814, lastseason 8.40. last 24
hours .00: San Francisco 11.14. Ir.st season 6 55,
lust 24 hours. oo; Fresno 4.73. last season 1.89, last
24 hours trace; San Luis Oblspo 9. 70, last season
694, last .4 hours trace: Los Angeles 8. 41), last sea
son 2.61. last 24 hours. oo: *an Diego 6.52, last sea
son 1.65, last 14 hours .00; Yuma4.B2. last season
. ;52, last "4 hours trace.
fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 43, mean 50.
There has been a rapid rise in pressure dur
ing i he past 24 hours o\er Utah, Nevada and East
eri. California- There has bien a sharp fail in
pressure during the nast 12 hours over the north
ern nal!of thePuci fie Slope. Cloudy weather with
light ml is is reported from Washington.
Conditions are favorable for heavy frosts Mon
day morning throughout California.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Tatoosti Island, 28 miles per hour from
lht» northeast: Yuma, 28 from the north.
Forecast made a: San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 18, 1897:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except alone
the extreme northwestern ro?st, where li^ht rains
are lUely; colder In the val.ey* and alonts the
southwest coast; northerly winds inland; south
west rly winds on northern roast.
(southern California— Fair Monday, with heavy
frosts Monday i or.iing and pronably Tuesday
morning: colder: ll^h: northerly w i nds.
.Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair -Monday: continued cold weather.
Arizona— r air Monday : heavy frosts Monday
and Tuesday mornings.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monrtay. with
frost in the morning; light northerly wind.
AIKIASnES MCABIE,
Local Forecast « 'fficial.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I tint"* of Departure tram San Frnnelieot
BTKAMKR | DItSTINATIOJf. |
SAtLS.
| PIKR.
Mn.e 01 Cat. ]
City Sydney |
Coos Bay-.. j
Arcata !
Homer j
ami ion
WallaWallaj
Corona
Mexico '
Czarina
KnreKa
Colombia. ■■ j
Kio Janeiro.
Queen
Umattlla.... j
Orizaba
] Portland ]
; Panama,
j Viewport
Coos Bay
i Coos Bay
I laqaln* Bar.
' Vie <£ Put Hno
Humboldtßat
I San lMeso.
Coos Hay
Newport
j Portland
China A Japan
I san Diego.. . .
j Vie & Pgt Snd
MpXICO
nil 18.10 am
Jan 18,18 m
.lan IS. fin
Jan 19.10 am
Jan 19. spm
> Jan 19. 9am
Jan 19. iiAU
Jan 20. 'iTu
Jan 'iU.llAki
lan 21, 6pm
Jan 22. 9am
Jan VSH.IOam
Jan 33, Ifii
Jan I' 4. 11 am
Jan 24. 9am
■lan --'4.10 am
Her 24
v ji s> a
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 13
eler i
Pier 9
I'iar I
Pier 11
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pie* !l
PMB 3
I l'!i>r U
i Pier 9
PiprU
STEAMERS ARRIVALS.
'TKAKKB I
KROX
Klo de Janeiro
Mexico
Homer
Corona
Cleone
Czarina
Enrelca.
T raalilla.
Columbia
Australia
Mackinaw......
Trucfcee
A11iance...... ..
Pr0ere50........
Queen
San Juan...... .
Alice Blanchard
Crescent City...
«'oos Bar ......
Oaplic '......
'China it Japan
i>an Diego.
Coos 8ay....;....
Mum bold*. Bay.
; Crescent City
Coos Bay '.
I Newport.
Victoria & Pueet Sound
Portland .;.... ..........
H0n01u1u.....
Tacoma.. .._
Tlllamoolc 8ay.....
Coos Bay
jSrattle
i San Diego
! Panama..:
| Portland/.. .''..'..'... .'....J
I Crescent City ..:.;. ..;...
I Newport
China and .Tapin
..Jan 18
..Jan IK
..Jan 18
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 2U
..Jan 20
.Jan 20
Jan 21
..Jan '21
..Jan 21
..Jan '22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
...ran 23
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
...Inn °4
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United states Coast and Geod»tic Survey
Timkß and Heights of high and low
Watf.rb at i'o t Point, Entranck to
i"AN Francisco Bay. Published Iby Offi
cial Authority of thk superintendent-
Note— high and low waters occur ai (tie
City Front (Mlsston-sireet about twenty
live minu es later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both places. ■■ * " ■ ■
i January— lß97. \t* .;'■-&.. fi£-.
Monday, Januar/ 18.
SnnrtßO*.... ..7.2X1 Moon rise*... 6.19 pm
Ban net* B 18 1 Moon net 1 ..
3|HW|
! Tltie Fe . t |Tlme
iI, W !)t .
Feet
l!E±\ Feet
i. \v|
I,
20
21
22
1.18
1.41
5.12
4.8
8.4H
7.47
1 9
2.5
V.I
i ma 14
111.81
12.4»
1.42
4-
-4
M
-0.4
0.1
0.7
Notk— Tn the above exposition of the tldea the
early morning tides art* given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tbt
order of occurrence as to time. The second ttmt
I column gives the second tide of the day, the third
j time column the third tide, and the last or right
! hand column given the last tide of the day, except
! when there are but three tides, as sometlme.l
I tccurs. The heights given are additions to the
on the United Mates Coast Survey
"chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
I height, and then the number given la aubtractira
< from the depth given by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrive 1.
SUNDAY. January 17.
Stmr National City. AndJesen, 22 hours from
EutuKii, ior southern jo.is: put in to land the
chief engineer.
Simr Arcata. Cousins. 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via port ' riortl ii bours; pass and mdse, to O C &
N to.
Simr Gipsy. Leland, 24 bonn from Moss Landng,
etc; produce, to Goodall. Perkins ACo.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and miiw, to J S Klmhall.
lir stmr Wellington, Salmond, 81 hours lrom
Departure Bay : -JkO ions coal, to X Uimsmnir <fc
Sons.
simr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaquina
Bay and way ports: pass and mdse, to Meyer Js
Akmann.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, !i2 bours from Usal;
2&.> -U ft lumber, to U>al dumber Co.
Stmr Ori'-^« ■"••:' Helms, 11 days from Guay
mas. Via i oscnada bJ Lours: pass and mase, to
Goodall, Pli*iua vw t-o.
.-schr Moro, oorj:en»-ri. 16 hours from Point
Arena; mdse, to J 8 Kimball-
SDNDAI, January 17.
simr Weeott. Miller, Mendocino.
Ist ur Alliance Hnrdwiclc, VotM Bay.
Stmr National Cttv. Andresen.
btmr Kcotia. Johnson.
Hi snip Bac-hus. liiomaen. Queenstown.
Shio Fr»nct« smith. New YorK.
Haw stmr Mateo, Fletcher, C'omox.
i r ship Munchi-ste . HI ks, Hul..
Bark Fresnn, Underwoi Port Gamble.
Si-hr J M C'olman. Treaner, Tacoma.
Scbr Gotama, Dedrick.
Schr Arthur I, Krog.
Schr Free Trade. Uansen. Nehalem River.
Be hr Maid of Orleans, Arff.
Telegraphic.
rOTNT I.OBO& Jan. 17.— 10 >. m.— Weather
hazy; wind calm. ■';.
Domestic Por:i.
COOS BAY— sailed Jan 17— Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco. , '"••
PORT BLAKELEY— Palled Jan 16— senr Lena
Swascy. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived ; Jan 16 — Btmr Lakme.
from Tllco.ua: schr Tiliamoov: from Bowens Land-
Ing; baric Vldette, from Port Gamble; achr Re
por.er. from Port BlaKeley; schr Alice, from
Kureka.
.-.».;,■ d Jan 16— John Smith, f»r Tacoma;
bktn Portland, for Puget Sound; schr nor ah, for
Eureka. ■ _
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 17— Nor stmr Florida,
from Yokohama; Br bark Aberystwlth Castle,
from Lota.
Sailed Jan 17— ship Carl.
NAVARRO— Jan 17— St.. a: We.ott, hnc
Jan .7.
GREENWOOD— BaIIed Jan 17— Simr Alcazar,
for Newport.
ÜBAL— Arrived Jan 17— strar Scotia, hence Jan
16. ■ ■■ ■
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan ■ 17-Stmr Point |
Arena, hence Jan IS.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 16-Stmr Caspar, for San
Pedro. »•
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Jan 17-BtmrAl
catraz.
iCCREKA— Arrived Jan 17— stmr Corona, hnce
Jen 16.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 17-Barkentne
Catherine udden, from San Diego.
Movement* of Trans- t-tlantlo 9t«%m»"«
YORK- Arrive! Jan 17— Stmr La Bour
gogue, from Havana; stmr Servia. from Liver
pool and Queea.ii.own; stmr Karlsruhe, from
Bremen.
NAPLES- Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr Columbus.
CHKRBOURG-Sailed Jan 17-annr Fue:st Bis
marcK, for New fork.
QUKENSTOWN— Arrived out .Jan 17-Stmr
Urania.
ttalied Jan 17— Stmr Campania, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 17— .innr La Normandie,
from Now York, for Havre.
SCILLY- Passed Jan 17— 3tmr Zandam. from
New York, 'or Amsterdam.
Importations.
POINT ARENA— Per schr Moro— lo6 bdls 80
bxs broom band ci, 120 tons coal. 6000 posts.
VAQUINA BAY— F3I Farailon-62 Bks bark, 9
coops chickens, 612 hf-skß flour, 171 tons ston*. 1
cscaeese, 14 cds stavebolts, 9 bdls hides, 9 cs eeiss
1 bi trees, 8 s*s bacon, 107 pkgs chair stock, 10
oil tanks. 1 trunk, 9 kus butter. 746 cs salmon, 23
Bks oysters, 2 cs bottles. 47 pKgs groceries.
Coos Bay— 5 ctu-sts. 2 boxes, 4 sks coin.
Kureka— 2 rolls matting, 31 bblt botties, 3 pkgs
household gooas, 7 oil tanks, 4 pcs redwood, 10 cs
powder, 1 cs books. 1 bxflsh, 3 cs egss.
MO S LANDING— Per t--ipsy-948slcs wheat, J
csegKS, 1 bx butter. 453 sks pota:oes.
Sequel— B4B reams 98 rol>s paper.
Santa Cruz-3 bxs batter, 2 rolls leather, 500 bbls
lime, 6 cs cheese 1 cseggs, 1 pkgs brushes, lus
HgS3. „ ' •
I'laeon Point— 5 bzs butter, 25 sks potatoes. 45
twin drums 4 drums 92 cs cheese, 1240 sks oats, 1
ox appies.
FORT BRAGG— N0y0— 1241,837 ft lumber,
cs household goods. 1 pkg dry tood.i.
COOS BAY — Per Arcitta— 4so tons coal, 13 bbls
salmon. 3 bxs Ush, 1 crt 3 machines, 1 package.
GUAYMAS— Per Orizaba-6 bxs oranges, '& iron
rolls.
Carmen Island— 6s tons salt in bulk.
La raz— .4ol hides, 5 bdls s>c.ns. 2893 sks ore, 1
shark fin, 130 bxs pearl shells. 120 bdls deerskins
5 cs 1 bbi 12 crates shells, 39 sks Dam fan a, 2 bJls
(joai and deer skins, Isk tailings. I
Altata-2047 sks mineral, 27 villa 22 sacks
sulphur. 4 bars gold.
Mazatlan— 4 cs assay supplies. 322 sks mineral.
331;; ska silver ore, 6 cs peppers, 87 cs metal, -02
hides, 9 bdls hides, 1:00 bags gold ore, 1 pkg gold
coin, 83 ban sliver bullion, 1 cs Mexican coin, 7
burs si. ver and gold bullion, 12 bags precipitate, 2
oars gold bullion, 32 sks silver slugs, 1 sk coin, 14
sk3 horns
saa Jose de Cabo— 2l cs tomatoes, 106 hides, 1
bdl skins.
Ma^dalena Bay— Bl cs tomatoes, 2 bdls skins.
KuaejaJa— lo sks wax, 43 hides.
Per Farallon-C J Lelst <fe Co; E R Stevens * Co:
W C Price <fc Co; H li tattler <fc Co; Stauff»r A Co;
C E Whitney &Oo ; Morgan Oyster Co; J D McUil
vray & Co: Dodge. Sweeney <fc Co; Cal Boitlin? Co ;
Standard ull Co: Wellman, Peck <fc Co; C Jacobsen
& co; Hulse, Bradford <t Co; Wells, Fargo & Co:
Wheaton, Brnon it Co, C A Hooper & CO; Pacific
Woodenware and Cooperate Co; H Levy&Co; J
Greenoerg: W H Raymond; M F'risdman & Co: R
W Bell; W Wlthern; Lacuman & Jacoby ; Crown
lJlst Co: Prlc« Baking Powde. Co; GB. ni <fc CO;
A Paladinl: Y'ates <fe co; \V Kretram; Kd Pub Co
!'• r »chr Moro— J S K.mball; Hnlme >sc Hart;
McDonald <fe McKenna.
Per Arcata— Dunham. Carripan <fe Co: H Smith;
Wells, Fargo A Co; Tillmann ifc Btndel; Le^allet &
Uel.wig; o c & N Co; sli Frank <fe Co; Goez <fe
Bohm; APaladlnt: O Wilcox.
Per ulpsy — Norton, Teller A Co: Herman Joost ;
J H Kesuug; H CoweU&Co; TUlmann A Bendel ;
Dod«?e, svveeney <fc Co; Daltou Bros; Wolf & Son :
Dairymen's Union; HDntard: Hills Bros: Union
Paper Co; Kron Tannin* Co: A W Fins <fc Co; F C
Levy A Co; Dealing- Paimer Milling Co; McDonald
<t Johnson: MsSimas.
Per Orizaba— G Tiedemann: H Lund <fc Co: E L
Ktern; Selby Smelting and Lead Co; W Rennie: F
Ruther<& Co: n M Newhaii <» Co; W Kllswor h:
Th»nnbHUser <$; Co; W Loaiza A Co; P C a a Co;
Chas Tctztn; John Taylor & Co: C.ndelarla Con
M and U Co: Bank of California; A nelo- California
Bank; J B Haegin; B Hart: Wells, Fargo & Co; J
C Mt-yerlnk; Garcia & Maggini; APaladini; LF
Laitreto; McLaren A Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSiIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY A-«
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -c^AP-ff
For Mary Island, loring, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9. '24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacor:es and
New W rat com (Belllnebam Bay. Wash.). 9a. k.
I Jan. 4,9, 14, 19,24,29, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with (i.
N. Hj., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Aroa'a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 P. m.. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16,
20. 24, 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, san Pedro, East San
I Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. M.
I Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth
I day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at,-Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
{ a.m. Jan. 4, 8. 12, 16, 20,24,28, and every fourth
I day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, L%
Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
I or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
! New Montgomery street. •
! GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE O. N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
, From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T? I?/ »1 2 First-class \ Including
iVXI/IMst} Second-class /berth <& mea:j
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
j Columbia ....Jan. 3, 13, 23, Feb. 2
; State of California Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
I Through tickets and through baggage to all
; Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
j tion to ...
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendent
PHaauiil S.S. AUSTRALIA for
!3&l3NliC HONOLULU only,
[•t*^"""* 1 Tuesday, Jenuar,- 26
■ -— -,^ at 2p. m. Special party
(*^S^ L* A rates.
G)IwIID1!I|/ { - / gan, v ,a HONOLULU
(att\PlfflU* and AUCKLAND for
tyilipUlUip SYDNEY. Thursday'
February 4. at 2r. m •
LInetoCOOLGABDIB, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, 1
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
COMPAGME GENERAL SATIASTIQDS
'>'.','■'••''■: French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIE B(NEW),42 NORTH /MS.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&&ssm
this line avoid both transit by English railway 'and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
i boat. -\ew YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
I first class $160, second class $116. *
LA 80URG0GNE....... Jan. 23, 6a. M.
LA GASCOGNE....... Jan. 30, 9 am.
LABKETAGNK Feb. 6. 5 a.m.
LA NOKMA.VDIE Feb. IS, 9 a.m. I
LA 80URG0GNE...... ...... .....Feb. 20, SA. M.
jO~ For further particulars apply to
. A. FOKUKT, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. •
I —
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At «i P. Al, Daily. .Freight received -up
to ..:3t) P.M.
BBS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
The only lint* selling through tickets and giving
through, freight, rates to all pom. 3 on Volley
Railroa> . , ..' :
STEAMERS: .
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and impcUa
VALLEJO AID U. S. JAYYYAED.
"MONTICEtLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p it
Saturdays ......»10:30 a. m., 4 r. £
faunttays....... .....8 p. it
Landing Mlsslon-stree: Dock, pier 2.
«^^ ' Telephone Black 261.
"Trip giyps (i hours »;.ip ai Navy-Yard.
FOR SASJOSK, LOS GATOS& SAST4CRUZ
CTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
80 W. baau CUra ,v, Sau Jo** 7 •*! ft " **
RAILROAD TRAVELS^ , _
SAtllllKßSi i-ACIVIC co3lP*inr.
(PACIFIC HVSTBH.)
Tmln> le»»r «m«I nr« «»«"'*" »rrlTe »l
WAN »'HA W<?I.SC«». y
UUTO t- F«OMJAgTMBT 1, 1897. - ARRir/
L*BsO«A kfles, Han Jose and Stations .. . B:4Sa
?:OOa Atlantic Express, Oplen and l'.af.t.. Bi43p
7:O«a Benici:v VacaviUe, : sey, Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Davis . '.'•' ..„....».■■. 6:45p
7:»«AMartiocz",Sanßaraon.V.illeio,Kapa,
Calistrga and Santa R05a. ........ B:15-»
Ui»«ANilcs. Kan Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and ltlult ; * » IS I-
•8:3Oa Peters and Milton t *«:15p
9:OOa New Orleans KxpraH, Raymond (for
Yosemito). Kresuo, Bakerslield.
Santa lUrliara, I.oh Angeles, Dom-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:4-1 P
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton >i:ir,p
9:00 a Vallejo •-.... 6:15p
Kilos, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•|:OOr Sacr.imouto River Steamers "<l:(t<»r
l:OUi> Nitea, San Jose and 1 ivermore •»:;,->,
tl::»»r Pint Costa and Way Stations t?:4sp
4:«Oi- Martinez, San Ranioti, Vallejo,
Napa, Cnlistoga, Xl Vcrano and
Hant.a Uosa Oila*
4:»0i- Benicia, V»c\ville, Woodland
Krights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villa and N»riaineii*o 11-IBa
4:3« - Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer.
cert and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning Martinez 11:43 a
O:OOpLos Angelss Express. Tracy
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angola 10i43a
SiOOp Santa Fu Route, Atlantic press
for Mojot* and East IO:4.1a
' 6:<M»p European Mail, ()gd«n and ICaat"" 0*43?
6:»0p HiiTvr:u'<lN, KiluH mid San .lose *"* 7*Jsa
t7:OOi.Valltjo "•', t 7 *4(l£
7:OOp Oregon Kxprrsa, Sacramento, Marys-
vilio, Re. Ming, Portland, Piigel
Sound and East 11*134
1I10:00p"Sunget Limited." Fresno, Los
":'_•■. Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East 612:13?
SAHTA t'KIIZ IHVInION (Narrow (innKe). '
B:inA Kewark.Ct!iirerviUo,SHii.lo.w,Feltou, '
Bould'-r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .' StSUr
•ailSp Newark. Centcrrille, San .lose, New
Ahimdcn, Frlton, Boulder Crctlc,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *ll:2<ia
4:13 p Newark, Snn ,To»e and lios Ualoa... »:.^O.\
t11:45p Hunters' Kxcursion, San Jose and
Way Stations *.~;20
COAST IH VISION (Ililrd .V lowummhl M>.)
«:45a San Jose .mil \V:iy Stntii>iiH (New ""V^
Alma<k-u We<ln6»days only) l:3Or V
■:I3ASan Ji«u, 'J're.i I'm. Smita (,'ruz. ?f
Pacific Orote, Paso Rabies, San {
l.niii Olilsi«>, (iuedalup". Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 7:00p
IO:1O.>. Saii.loi«';iiid Way HtaUoiM 3:OOp
ll::tUA Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
<2:3<»i- San Mate», Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy. Tres Pinos, Santa Cms,
Salinas.Monterey and l\icilicUiovu "10i44»\
*3:»»i-Sav Josoand Way Stations 1»:43\
•4:30 - -Tone and Way Stations »»:O3a.
S:SWr Sa. /use mi' Principal Way Stations "8:43 a
G:;tOr San Jose and WnyStalioug r>-.:i."»v
111:4-1 1- Sa»i .!os.-i.r..l V/ay StaHons.... -t~:43p
SAN I.r.ASIJKO AMI HAYWAKIKS \A)\,K\..
~i*6:i*oZ' C 7:15\
8:O«A I (9:43.1
iS.'Sotl Melrose, Seminary Park, iV-liit
"2S&I >itrl,bur SanL*an,lr(, X £X%
3:« Op and 4:15p
4:00p * 1 5:4.»p
s:4M>p Hoards. <i:l3p
8:»0p Haynards. _ :4 - p
7:« Op K:4S (
9-OOp ! Runs through to Niles. 1 10:30p
tfll':lsp^ tFromXiles. I tt!2:O»p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2iflO t3:03
•4:00 tE:OO *6:3 op.si.
from OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway »6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 $2:00 *3:00 tvCJ
*S:OOp.m._ '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. + Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTTuef days and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays.
SMRAMSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tib vi 011 Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 13:3\
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Extra
at 11:30 p. K. Saturdays-- Extra trips ac 1:39
and 11 :30 p. v.
SCJNDAY3-8-.UO, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; I:3a 3:34
6:00. 6:20 P. M.
San ltnfanl <o San .Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:80,^11:10 'a. it*
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. ir. Saturdays— Extra trisi -
- at 1:55 p. U. and 6:35 p. m. &•
SUNDAYS— B:.u, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4* V
6:00.6:25 p.m. t
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park saraa •
schedule aa above.
Leave i T pffl i- t Arrive
Ban Franclsca oct 14. San Frftnclsco -
Week I Sun- j - >s l ,fn a i : lon Sr.v- I Wesk
Days. [ days. | destination. DAYB> | Dav^
7:30 Ail 8:00 ami Novato, 1 10:40 AMI 8:41) a vt
8:30 pm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 a*
6:10 pm j 5:00 pm : Santa Rosa. 7:35 m | 6:22 pic
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
1 ytton,
- ;: Geyserville,.
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 Fit 6:22 p\t
T~ Pieta, i j '
Hopland <St !
7:30 am! 8:00 am Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am i 10:25 aX
- 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 PM
3:30 pm ' I : < 6:22 pat
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AX
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22p«
7:80 am :8:00 AMI SebastODO] 1 10:40 AMI 10 > as*
8:30 pm 1 6:00 stopoi. 1 6:lopM [ 6 : 22 pjc
Stages connect at Santa ' Rosa for Mark West
Bprlnßij; at Geyservllle tor Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LAkeport; as
Bopland for Latceport and Bartiatt Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduo ■ 1
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets 10 all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St., Chronicle bulletin?.
H.C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Pacific i^^^S,
Trains leave an 1 arrtvrs at S%^^SRJkSH3
Alarket-Street Ferry. 'a^'^^T^^E^fl
SANTA FE EXPRESS. IKtl
To Chicago via A. & P.^^^^pUl ?1 1
Direct Line *-^*^©p-^oafl W
Leaves da lyat6:jop. M..carrvlne Pullman Falac« .
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered TourtiS
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars tor Denver and 3u
Louis.
Bos. on K.tcurslons, v.a Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White -Mountains leave every
li esday.
The best railway from California to the Bast.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket. Office, 644 Markat
St., Chronicle Huildiug. Telephone Main
IC3I. Oakland, 1118 lirosdway.
50RTFPACIFiC COAST RAILROAD "
(Via Saussllto Ferry).
m» »aa l'rancisco, <Jommenclns Sepu 1& 18JJL
WKKKOAYS.
for Mill Valley and Has Raia<jl-*7135, *9t1%
11:00 a. M.: •1:45; 3:45, *5: 16. •5:45,6:30 Ml
Extra trips for lan Rafael on Mondays. VVedn**
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Bun Bafael— *B:oo. "10:00
•11:30 a. M. ; «l; 30, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». at.
Trains marked * run to san Uuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS-
For Pol Reyes ana way stations -7 t38 a. «
Weekdays, 8:OO a. m. Sundays, 1:46 a. M. «*to»
I «r Casadero and way stations— 7 A. U. w««»
•ay si 1:45 v. lie Saturdays. ,\
THE "Ml FRiSCiStO ad Sill joiquix
VALLEY HAILWAY COIPA.W.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger traius
will run dally, excepting Sunday:
Southbound. Stations. - ■ Northbound,
,7:20 a. m Stockton. .6:10 p. m.
: 9:19 a.m... Merced.. 8:14 p m.
11:60 am ...Fre5n0........... 1:10 p. m.
• For intermediate stations see time-table. ,
Connecting steamboats of the C. X. & I. fa
leave Ban Francisco at 6 p. x. dally, excepting \
Saturday, and Stockton at 6P. m. dally, except ; J
r Malpals;
C^^i^oad 8 . 0 * WUh North Paolfla
WKKK IJAYB- Leave aF. A „ , -.
Returning-Arrive S. f. 3:25 r £' i.ln P ' "■
SUNDAYS-Leave S.P. Ba. m 11:30 f" M 8 2 9 P""IF THE HALL HAD
ONLY BEEN LARGER
More Dancing Room Would
Have Removed Oak
land's Society Sting.
Many Politicians Still Seeking
a Joker in Monday's
Election.
The Need of a Jail for Young Women
Ae;ain Brought to Police
Notice
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. )
After all there is just a possibility that
no one was blackball', by tie Cotillion
Club. Explana.icns have been made and
a variety of excuses have teen advanced
that :ire as ingenious a.- numerous. Al
though many names Rre not on the list of
the favored it is possible they were in
vited and that the mail carrier was remiss
in his duty; names rui^lu have been left
off accidentally and without any motive
and others mi^ht not have sought invita
ions. The ledy patronesses ol the co
:ilion are not re^pon^iole for the blue-pen
cil wielding, because they did not even see
the list till it was issued by the mysteri
ous committee, the personnel of which is
D to no one. The names of tne^e
ladies by themselves are a guarantee against
jmy tmall practices. It would, of course,
be preferable to the exclusive Cotillion
Club not to have a single name appear,
but there must be something to indicate
the ciub's patent oi nobility and to ex
clude the idea or suggestion of anything
plebeian, so the following ladies' names
were piaced on tbe invitations: "Mrs. P. K.
Bowies, Mr?. Edson Adams, Mrs. Thomas
Maeee, Mrs. Will Magee, Mrs. R. B.
Pierce, Mrs. W. Henshaw, Mrs. Belle
Mhoon.
None of these ladies, however, Snow
who constituted the committee who re
ceived the applications for invitations
from "P. 0. box 200," although all admit
its existence.
One member of the club *aid something
last nieht that is certainly true, although
the inference derived from his words ia
even more so. "Tnere is always trouble
ever these blue-nenc.l Droceedings," he
sa:a, "but it can't be helped. You see,
things have to be arranged so that
t :ie most congenial people only can meet;
We have to be nuided by circumstances.
I n Oakland there is not a hall larjie enough
10 hold everybody who would like to at
tend the cotillon, and this had to be con
siiiere.i. I feel sorry if anybody was left
out in the cold, but it can't be helped. I
really don't know who did it — it's too
b.-.d."
r?u, although several names were
dropped from last Wednesday's list after
a very careful scrutiny by a secret com
nnttee, the victims should not feel
slignted or aggrieved. It was all due to
forgetfulness, or unintentional oversight,
or to the lack of a capacious hall, so say
tne elite.
What excuse could be made for that
secret committee should an adequate. hall
be buiJt?
The poiitical mind wili be considerably
relieved when the Republican convention
is over. There has been so much said
about the motives of the City Central
Committee in selecting a committee to
appoint the delegates that no one will
feel absolutely safe that the pack does not
contain a joker until after the hand is
shown, it is not surprising that il should
be so, but it would be surprising if it were
not. When the City Central Committee,
led by Fr«d A. Campbell and A. L. Mc-
Pherson, appoint George C. Pardee and
his firmest adherents to name a Republi
can municipal convention and the re
sponsibility is accepted, it is so like the
lyin^ down together of the lion and the
lamb that people are forced to wonder.
It is very possible that this is a case in
■which good may come of evil. It has
been known for a long time that Fred
Campbell has not been in harmony with
the element represented by George de
Golia and Thomas Caruthers and it is
stated in certain quarters that he (Camp
bell) turned the party machinery over to
the reformers for the purpose of getting
even with those who had not stood by
him. There is no need for either party to
the transaction to explain any further.
If there has been a job perpetrated the
nominations will show it. Should it ap
pear that there was a slate tixed up the
ticket will be defeated. If everybody has
acted in good faith the Republican ticket
will win.
The necessity of a place where girls and
children can be kept while waiting for
trial was made very clear last week.
Hulda Johnson was charged with a crime,
but there is no dace to put her in the City
Prison, except with females old in vice.
For several days the girl was Kept in the
■woman's apartment, and finally Judge
Weod consented to greatly reduce the
batt, because Miss Johnson could not be
kept in a decent place.
Home months ago Chief of Police Lloyd
laid this matter before the Christian En
cieavorers, but they decided that it was
ii'f within the lines for which they were
> ;anized. Whether it was within their
t jpe or not cuts no figure. It is not tbeir
jjiace to look after young folks who have
been arrested. It is the duty of the city to
provide a proper place with proper attend
ance for young people, and Chief Lloyd
should not give the Cay Council any peace
till he gets what he wants and which is so
urgently needed.
. A prisoner is not permitted to suffer for
■want of attention. Why then should a
child's morals be exposed to vitiation
without protest? Stuakt W. Booth.
FARMERS' INSTITUTE.
It Will Open at I.lvomiure on Monday
Next.
OAKLAND,' Cal., Jan. 17.— The Farm
ers' institute, under the auspices 01 the
■ Etate University, will meet at Livermore
to-morrow.
A very interesting program me to cover
two days' meetings has been arranged.
The institute will be opened with a pa-'
per by E. 8. Adams upon the relation of
the State University to the farmers. Tnis
topic is deemed of special importance.
"Resistant Vines,' 1 a subject of moment
to the grape -growers, wili be discussed by
A. P. Ilayne. "Olive Culture" is the theme
of J. M. Doty's paper. Professor N. E.
J:;ffa will treat of cattle feeding and will
present deductions drawn from experi
ments at the State Agricultural stations.
Valentine Alviso, a pioneer rancher of
the valley, will give some reminiscences of
tarlv farming in California. Professor J.
I W. Connell of the Livermore High School
I 'will speak upon "Agriculture and the
I High Schools.' 1 Professor Jaffa will ban
%iie suggestions for the home table.
On the second day Professor Jaffa will
open the institute witb a talk upon "Cali
fornia Creamery Butter." E. C. liahn
will illustrate, with a large number of
epecimen!', the results of experimental to
bacco culture. Horse-breeding was as
signed to H. P. Mohr. J. A. Fiicher wili
discuss foreign markets, and Mrs. W. W.
Cunningham will speak on "Home Mar
kets." State Highway Commissioner
Marsden Manson will close with a talk
on the value of good roads. There will
be general discussions of the various sub
jects. A question box for inquirers will
be placed within reach of all.
Popullat Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The munici
pal Populist convention will meet to
morrow night at Kohler & Chase's Hall.
A caucus of delegates was held to-day and
there is ample evidence that there wiil be
lots of harmonizing required to make
nominations harmonious.
BISHOP NEWMAN'S ADDRESS.
He Speaks J'.eforo a Large Audience in
the University Town.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— Bishop J.
P. Newman preached a stirring sermon at
Trinity Methodist Church this morning to
a large audience, among which there was
an appreciable number from the other
churches of Berkeley, as well as from the
university faculty. The topic of his dis-
course was "The Philosophy and Blessed
ness of Christian Experience," and was
based upon the words found in John
iii:ll: "We speak that we do know and
testify that we have seen."
In the treatment of his subject he drew
inferences from the material world to
guide him in reaching conclusions as to
things spiritual. His address was elabor
ated with copious reference to science,
philosophy and history, he said that as
our senses and intellects are the babes in
our mode of thought concerning things
temporal so should they be our guile in
matters spiritual. It was his belief that
man should be guided by his own con
science, and that he should have a Chris
tian experience of his own.
Bis address was, in pan, as follows:
Man has agreed that the testimony of the
senses is reliable. Every science depends
upon the reliability of tin; senses for Us foun
dation, and there is not one which is not
based upon M.eh testimony. God has or
dained th.it they he reliable, and so they are.
It is true that" the imagination may become
vicious and tiiat the memory be at Jault, but
these are only extreme f.-ses. Society trusts
that the operations of the senses are in the
main reliable. Man is just as competent to
observe a stone roll up bili a* he is to see it
roll down hill. Such is the integrity of your
senses.
Some people stand aghast at the word super
natural. It merely means that there is some
thing above nature ; that there are gradations
by whicn the Supreme Being is approached.
As the angeis are super to man, so is the Lord
God super to the angels. The day wiil come
when tlie cl»rgy will have the courage to say
that miracles are the mere expression of His
almighiy power; that they are" merely the out
ward manifestations of Hi? super capabilities.
WILL GIVE THE FARCE.
Christian Endeavorers Change
Their Date and Go
Ahead.
Mr. Falkinham Denies That Enter
tainments Are Harmlul and
Says There's a Mistake.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The farce
to be given by the Christian Endeavor So
ciety oi the First Presbyterian Church on
Feoruary 12 has been set for Tuesday
evening, February 9, the pastor to the con
trary notwithstanding. At least that was
the word given out to-day by the 6ocial
committee, which has the matter in
charge. The commit tee consists of Joseph
Joseph Falkingham, Chairman of
the Social Committee of the
First Presbyterian Christian En
deavor*
Falkinham (chairman), Miss Alice Hand,
Miss Belle Morton, F. A. Burrell, Miss E.
A. Hobler and Miss Elsie Hutton.
Mr. Falkinham is considerably worked
up over the affair, and declares that the
published sta.eruents are untrue. He be
lieves that the reporters either misunder
stood Mr. Brush or the latter misunder
stood the reporters. Be that as it may, he
is determined to give a fair interpretation
of the case.
"I am sure Mr. Brush knew of onr in
tention of giving the entertainment," said
the chairman, "anH he gave his approval
by saying, 'I hope you will be puccesslul.'
He has not asked us to give up, but to-day
said that he would rather not have it on
the 12th, as that came too near to com
munion Sunday. I asked if it might be
set for the 9th and he said, 'Yes.'
"Mrs. Harry F. Sheldon has charge of
the farce, and the others in it, so far as I
can remember, are G. Goggin, H. F. Shel
don, Belle McCurrie and Bert Burrell.
They are among the best people in our
society and I am sure they would not
give it up. We never have had an enter
tainment of this kind since the Kind's
Daughters gave up their organization,
and we Lave never had ?o many outsiders
at the church, either. Mr. Brush will ad
mit that these Catherines tend to bring
the unconverted to our churches."
WiU PUy for Charity.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The resi
dents of tins city are looking forward with
great interest to the coming production
of Shakespeare's "Much Ado About
Nothing" m this city. The performance
will be given February 5 in Linderman's
Opera-house, and the entire receipts will
20 to the Woman's Exchange. The Avon
Dramatic Club, whj,ch will present the
piece, is under the <tirection of Mrs. Julia
Melvilie-Snyder, well known to all play
goers a few years) ago.
Garden of Singing Flowers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The choir
of the First Congregational Church will
give a novel entertainment entitled "Gar
den of SiDging Flowers," in which the
various popular flowers will be repre-
by young ladies in suitable cos
tumes. The first part of the programme
will be rendered oy Miss Josepnine Pat
terson and Messrs. A. S. Ruorer, C. Jack
lin and E. D. Crandali.
Death in Old Age.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— Captain
Charles F. Thorn die! in his eighty-flrst
year last evening at his home on Sherman
street and Clinton avenue. He was one
of the oldest and best known masters
sailing through the Golden Gate. Ho
held large Hand interests in Monterey.
A recent invention is a shoe with a
hinged sole for the purpose of facilitating
putting it on or off.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONK DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU drug
gists refund the money II it fails to cure. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY JANUARY 18, 1897.
NO APPEARANCE
OF THE SLATE
Republican Delegates Give
No Indication of Being
Pledged.
No One Is Certain of Receiving
Any Particular Nomi
nation.
The Old Municipal League's Position
Is One of Patient
Waiting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. j
The Republican City Convention will
assemble at Elite Hall to-morrow night,
and no convention for six years has been
so surrounded with interest.
The last two biennial municipal cam
paigns have been carried on to a certain
extent along party lines, but the powerful
Municipal League has really named tbe
successful ticket. Owing to the peculiar
arrangement by which the present dele
gates are named the strength of the league
is now embodied in the regular Repub
lican party, and the opposing element
does not yet sea where it is to land.
Th« position of Mayor Davie is of much
interest at this time. He has declared his
intention of being a candidate to succeed
himself, but he cannot say on what ticket
he will be found.
Davie's standing is unusual. He was
nominated by Populists two years ago,
but he cannot be called a Populist at this
time, although he is probably no less
strong politically than formerly, but his
strength is from, different quarters. In
view of the developments of the water
front question, for the recovery of which
Davie laid the foundation four years ago,
he should be an exceptionally strong can
didate at this time.
The doubt existing over the nomination
that will be tendered Auditor Snow will
not be cleared up until the convention
meets. Should he not be nominated for
Mayor he will almost certainly be placed
in line to succeed himself.
There are so many candidates for every
place that there will certainly be several
independent candidates. They will pro
tect themselves from being designated
bolters by declining to admit that they
approve of the appointment of delegates,
instead of electing them.
It is very evident that the great mass of
voters are taking little interest in the party
designations of tickets, and it is plain that
when all the nominations are made every
body will make his own choice.
In the absence of any primary law little
is being said about the matter. It is gen
erally recognized that without a law a
primary is simply a farce, and even those
who fought so hard for it now express an
unwillingness to bear the expense.
THE VACCINATION TANGLE.
Dr. Rowell Is Fuming Over the Crit
icism* Passed Upon Him.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— The affairs
of the Berkeley Board of Education are in
a tangle. The vaccination question has
well nigh reached a crisis, and Health
Officer Rowell ia after Director Norton's
scalp for an imputation reflecting upon
the former's character and integrity as a
town officer. All these things will come
up for settlement at the board meeting to
morrow night.
Dr. Rowell's erievances against-Director
Norton will probably be the first thing to
be disposed of.
What has caused this friction between
the two officials is a statement reported tc
have been made by Mr. Norton at the last
meeting of the board, to tbe effect that
Dr. Rowell has a sliding scale of prices,
ranging all the way from 15 cent 3to $2 50,
which he uses in making his charges lor
inoculating with the virus. Dr. Rowell
flatly denies this, and furthermore states
that'what Director Norton said is a "ma
licious falsehood from beginning to end.
If I was talking to his face," said Dr.
Rowell to-day. lt I would put it consider
ably stronger, but to say tbat he has told
a falsehood is heavy enough for publica
tion.
"He has said of me that I was holding
my job as Health Officer for personal
gain, and that 1 consider a slander on my
character and reputation. I will show
Norton that I know he has assailed me
with malice aforetbonght, and will be pre
pared to absolve myself before the board
from tbe pollution into which Norton has
tried to cast me."
Dr. Rowell will recommend to the board
that they now rigidly enforce the State
law compelling vaccination in the pubiic
schools, which will mean of course that
all pupils who are not immediately inocu
lated shall be prevented from attending
recitations.
Only about three-quarters of those in
the public schools have complied with the
law. Of the remaining one-quarter about
ball have not been well enough to be vac
cinated, and the others appear to be hold
ing off, so Dr. Rowell :ays, on account of
the obstinacy of their parents.
A storm of opposition to the enforce
ment of the law is expected from the par
ents of the uiivaccinatud children at the
meeting, and in order to rise to the occa
sion Dr. Rowell will taKe along with him
Town Attorney Hayne, TVho will repre
sent the legal side of the question.
Memorial to Dr. Richardson.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— A memo
rial service in remembrance of Dr. George
M. Richardson of the State University,
wlio died recently in Athens, Greece, was
held this afternoon at St. Mark's Episco
Staff-Captain and Mrs. Merriweathcn
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17 Staff-Captain and Mrs. Merriweather, two of the
best-known Eastern officers of the Salvation Army, commenced tiieir labors in
this city to-day. The staff-captain will have charge of the Oakland training gar
rison, where all the male officers are prepared for the central portion of the Pacific
Coast. He was trained many years ago in the home corps of General Booth, and
has been a long time in this country.
The position of chief of the training garrison is one of great responsibility,
and officers are not chosen to fill it until they have had a long experience. Staff-
Captain Merriweaiher's last appointment was ie Kansas.
pal Church. Nearly every professor at the
university was present. During the
service President Kellogg read a review
of the deceased professor's life and paid a
high tribute to his qualities as a scholar, a
gentleman and a friend. Professor Charles
M. Gayley, who was an intimate of Dr.
Richardson, in a few well-chosen words
also eulogized the deceased member of
the faculty.
Death of Mrs. Simondi.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— Mrs. John
Simonds of 2419 Charming way, mother of
Instructor E. H. Simonds of the State
University, died this morning at her
home after a lincering ilines*. Mrs.
Simond3 was in her fifty-fourth year, and
had been prominently identified with
many social and charitable movements in
the college town prior to her illness.
The funeral will take place Tuesday
afternoon. _
Baseball at St. Mary's.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The stu
dents of St. Mary's College intend to re
nuw baseball if it is in their power to do
so. A baseball tournament has been ar
ranged by W. J. McCartney, who was re
cently elected baseball manager. This
afternoon the first game of the tourna
ment was played. The opposing teams
lined up with great vim and much en
thusiasm was aroused. At the end of the
seventh inning the score was 7t06 in fa
vor of the team whose battery was Cuneo
and Hayward. The battery of the other
team was Hastings and Armijo. Cuneo
succeeded in striking out eight men,
while his opponent, Hastings, struck
out nine.
An Ex-Politician 111.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— Joseph Dil
lon, the best-known of the early politi
cians of Alameda, is critically ill at his
home in West Oakland. For twenty years
Joe Dillon assessed thi* county, and was
one of tlie most prominent officials. He
has not .been active in politics for about
eight years.
DIVINE PROPHETS.
Sermon by Bey. WJlliaui Under, De
livered at the third Congre
gational Church.
The following ia a synoDSis of a ser
mon delivered last night by Rev. W.
Raderof the Third Congregational Church:
A prophet is not a fortune-teller. The origi
nal Hebrew root means "boiling or bubbling
over." The sites chosen by the Grecian oracles
were marked by rushing springs, which;bub-.
bled up out of the rocky recesses of the native
hills. So the Psalmist says: "My heart is
bursting, bubbling over with good matter."
In the Indo-Germanic languages the word In
dicates fermenting yeast or the steaming gey
ser. The practical meaning of the prophet is
an interpreter; not a foreteller only, but
a spokesman or expounder of truth. H3 is al
ways distinguished by splendid earnestness,
wedded to a commanding piety grounded in
convictions of right *nd wrong. There is a
difference between the priest and prophet.
The one interprets man to God, the other in
terprets God to maH. The prophet is greater
than the priest.
Prophecy Is the noblest passion of history,
belonging alike to Heathenism and Christian
ity. It is the most important part of the Old
Testament. It rings with the noblest elo
quence. Thunder runs through this prophetic
period. Thrones fall, but in sil the clash and
conflict the prophet stands unmoved with his
vision of a golden age.
The heathen seer placed the golden age be
hind. The Christian prophet locates it in the
future. The three steps oi prophecy known as
the dream, the vision and the spiritual in
sight, are common to the religious world.
Tue first Is the most wonderful, the second is
the most common and the third is the most
rational. There is an evolution of prophetic
gift these artists have painted progressively.
At first the dream outlines of a golden age,
and then a person becomes the incarnation oi
these divine dreams, and we have Messianic
prophecy. Tho burden of it all was that the
best was yet to be. A great good was ex
pected.
All the prophecies were not fulfilled. We
still await the model state of Isaiah,
and Jeremiah never saw the fullfiilment of
his predictions of a regenerated Israel. The
model Kiug has not yetcome, but those unful
filled prophecies do not in the least Invalidate
the character of these men, or the messages
they deliver.
The predictive clamant in prophecy Is by no
mcaus the most Important. The prophet is
still the man for the bour. He stands lor in
tellectual honesty and for the courage of his
convictions. What this Nation uteds is the
honest man. The time server is a popular
menace. He who selli his thought is a traitor
to truth. The man who "escapes from tbe av
erage" is the true evangelist. We need men
who speak for the living God as distinctly as
tho waves echo his almighty power. Many
men spenk for humanity. Champions of pop
ular liberty abound.
1 hey lean on the bars of gilded saloons and
they Btand on the comers ot the street talking
for humanity. Men there are who shape their
thought according to the popular drift.
Spokesmen there are who interpret the plati
tudes of the masses. Diplomats are numer
ous who never venture far from tne shore,
and who are always anchored in the "conven
tional ignorance" of the people. Men abound
who have courage because they are iti the ma
jority. But it is not the priest for whom the
nations cry, but the man who comes with in
tellectual honesty, interpreting the mind of
God for the sake of the people. No man is
truly great who does not speak for God. It is
then, and then only that a man stands alone,
and that is statesmanship; that is genius.
We need prophets who will stand before the
organized vices of our times and spare not the
seifixh wishes of the people in their denuncia
tion of public wrongs. It is the prophet, not
the politician, who will solve the temperance
question and drive out many of the evils of our
land. It is the prophot, not the priest, who
will recover the greater truths of the revela
tion and set them forth as the very mind of
God.
The spirit of Christ Is the spirit of prophecy.
Christianity is the incarnation of hopeful
courage. The world has uot been left without
its prophets. St. Augustine was n prophet.
John Wikcliffe, who saved the Bible and hon
ored reason; Martin Luther, who carried his
convictions and hurled them in thunderbolts
at the head of Charles V; Savonarola and Maz
zini, John. Wesley, Fred Dennison Maurice
and Horace Bushnell were prophets. And
Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, standing before the Tam
many ring of New York City, reproduces in the
kinetoscope of our own times the splendid
figures of Jeremiah and Savonarola of oid.
Hut ihi.y h*ve always been stoned. Whether
they have appeared in science, letters, politics
or religion, they hnvo been stoned. Always
have they spoken within sight of the cross.
Order Star of Bethlehem.
Star of tiie West I.odse No. 16 has Installed the
following namt>d olHcers for the ensuing term:
I'ast commander, sir Frank Sewall Brown; com
mander, Sir James A. Jacobs; vice-commander,
Lady Mary J. Easting; scribe, Sir Frank (_'.
French; accountant, Lady Mabel Aldrlch; tmnvu
rer, l.ndy Ella P. Jacobs; chaplain, Liidy Wilna
Aldrich; n:arslial, Lady Anna I'.ehn; Inside senti
nel, Kir Boy Burf. ouislde sentinel, Sir Harry A.
Davenport; R. A. to commander, Lady Nellie
Howe; L. A. to commander. Lady Virginia Al
drlch; K. A. to vice-commander, Sir John Klston;
L. A. to Vice-commander, Sir K. 11. Case; as
sistant marshal, sir Fred Melnhold; organist,
Laiy Daby Belle Jacobs.
The lodge recently moved Into the Maccabee
Temple on Mission street and is reported doing
well.
NEGLECTING THEIR
OPPORTUNITIES
The Terms of the Railroad
Commissioners Rapidly
Slipping Past.
Can Bring Before It Southern
Pacific Books, Papers, O'fi
rials and Secrets.
A. J. Ctunie Thinks the Present Path
of Procedure Is Wrong— La
Rue's Opinion.
i
The strone probability is that, though
the Southern Pacific officials are willing
to compromise with and dismiss their
present suit if the commission will con
sent to a reduction of 4 per cent instead of
8 per cent on grain rates, as related in
yesterday's Call, a suit to restrain such a
compromise will be riled by an outside
party. Asa matter of fact, Attorney A.
J. Clunie, who has represented the Rail
road Commission in considerable litiga
tion, said he was quite positive that such
a suit would intervene.
Mr. Clunie was greatly surprised, as
were a great many other people yesterday,
that the id«a oi compromise had ever been
born under the tiara that crowns the
Huntington system. The suit now pend
ing is one of the most important ever
brought in California, or railroad circles
any wner c, and it is little wonder that the
proposed compromise attracted so much
attention. f
"Who thinks," said Mr. Clunie, "that
the railrroad company would compromise
on a 4 per cent gain rate unless it baa
some un derstanding with the commission
in regard to reductions on other freight?
I venture to say that a reduction of grain
rates would carry with it other freight
concessions, or it would not be made.
Would the commission thus abandon its
opinion in regard to freight in general for
a little concession of one article of trans
portation? I guess not.
"I do not speak for the commission, but
I hardly think that such a proposition
would be entertained by Commissioner
Btanton or Commissioner La Rue. This
proposed compromise is thrown out by
the railroad company probably as a feeler.
My own opinion about this whole litiga
tion is that it is being done in the wrens:
and the least effective way — in a way that
will be of the least benefit to the people,
if any benefit at all comes out of it.
"The commission should take this mat
ter of investigating freight rates, operating
expense?, iixed charges and profits into its
own Hands, as it has power under the
constitution to do. It has the broadest
possible power, and if that plan were
adopted the commission would zet the
facts it wants, or there would be more
sensational results than might develop
from the company's books. Commis
sioner fstanton takes this view of the situ
ation. He introduced a resolution at a
meeting some time ago to the effect that
the commission take the matter in its own
hands, subpena witnesses, examine the
company's books, etc. Nobody supported
the resolution. Cummisaioner La Rue
thought that it might interfere with the
pending litigation and with the plans of
their attorneys. Of course the attorneys,
in the event of success, want to get all the
glory they can out of it.
"ft is clear to my mind," continued At
torney Clunie, "that the policy of the rail
road company is one of delay. Ido not
think they want a decision from the
United States Supreme Court, for if it
went against them it would be positively
disastrous to them.
"The term of the present Railroad Com
missioners expires in two years. It is ex
ceedingly doubtful that the State will ev«r
have another commission such as this.
The railroad did not want Dr. Stanton,
but they looked upon him as harmless,
instead of which he has been the most ac
tive in the interests of the people. It is
fhr better for the railroad company to have
a Railroad Commission it can control than
to have all the court decisions it wants.
Commissioner La Rue was elected in his
district by a small majority.
"Commissioner Stanton's district is in
the hands of the political bosses. The
next time the railroad will spare
no contingent inducements to elect
a railroad commission such as it wants.
It won't get even so far as the nomination
of Stanton and La Rue. This is the best
Railroad Commission the people ever had.
► The Railroad Commission dates from the
adoption of the present constitution in
1879, and, ud to the present one, no com
mission nas ever done anything. There
will be delay and delay in the present
litigation till the terms of the present
Commissioners expire. It will accomplish
nothing, proceeding alone the present
lines of action, but if the commission
t:tked the matter in its own hands it can
soon get at the bottom of the question of
expenses and reasonable or exorbitant
profits.
"Imagine the Railroad Commission sit
ting as a court with the broadest possible
powers, the constitutionality of which
were recently sustained by Judge Ale-
Kenna's decision, subpenaing Vice-
President Charles F. Crocker and asking
him how much salary he gets — whether it
is $50.(^0 or $500. If Mr. Crocker declines
to give the information, the commission
has power to fine the first vice-president
heavily or send him to jail for contempt.
If Mr. Crocker should courteously decline
to go to jail, and he would doubtless de
cline in that manner if He declined at all,
the commission has authority to summon
the court machinery and the State militia
to enforce its sentence on Mr. Crocker.
"Suppose Collis P. Huntington were
caught in the State and asked concerning
the nature of contingent inducements
held out to Congressmen back at Wash
ington, D. C, recently, verily Mr. Hunt
ington would have to satisly the commis
sion on the point or be handed over to the
custody of the Sheriff or draw on his per
sonal sack to pay a fine.
"In truth the Railroad Commission has
power to do all these things, as witness
the following excerpt from article XII,
section 22, of the State constitution, which
gave it birth and upholds its dignity:
Said commissioners shall have the power,
and it shall be their duly, to establish rates 01
charges for the transportation of passengers
and lreUht by railroador other transportation
companies, aud publish the same from time to
time, with such changes as they may make;
to examine the books, records and papers 01
all railroad or other transportation companies;
and for this purpose they shall have the power
to issue subpenas and all other necessary
process; to hear and determine complaints
against, railroads and other transportation
companies; to send for persons and papers ; to
administer oaths, take testimony »nd punish
for contempt of their orders and processes, in
the same manner and to the same extent as
courts of record and enforce their decisions
and correct abuses through the medium of tne
courts.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 17.-H. M.
La Rue, chairman of the Railroad Com
mission, wben seeu at his homo this even
ing relative to the proposition of the
Southern Pacific to compromise the suit
brought by that corporation against the
commission stated that this rather sensa
tional development of the matter was not
a very great surprise to him.
"For some reason or other," he said, "I
have had an impression that there would
be some sucn outcome of the suit. I had
either heard something intimating this or
had gained the idea from the fact that I
knew the Southern Pacific would never let
things come to that point where their
booKs would have to be thrown open to a
thorough investigation.
"Of course, if the -company decides to
dismiss the suit, we could do nothing to
prevent it. We would then feel obliged,
naturally, to make such reductions as we
deemed proper. That is wherever we
found rates on any branch or on any com
modity too high, we would reduce them.
I believe, however, that ttiis would be done
only after a proper investigation of the
facts and circumstances connected with
each case.
"I hardly think a compromise of the
matter is likely, but I would not care to
express myself definitely until after I had
consulted with the Attorney-General.
"The talk about the suit being a heavy
tax upon the people is simply nonsense.
The commission is in earnest in this mat
ter and proposes to push the case to a
trial on its merits. For this reason lam
anxious that the bill appropriating $30,000
for tbe compensation. of experts and otner
expenses in connection with the funding
case should pass the Legislature.
"So far as the railroad company is con
cerned, the amount involved is insignifi
cant, and the motive for the compromise
is certainly not the desire to protect the
revenue that would be lost by an 8 per
cent reduction on grain rates."
ABOUND THE DIAMOND.
The Santa Claras Defeat the San Fran
cisco Violets at Central
Park.
Thevisitors from Santa Clara shut out
the Violets in a hotly contested game at
Central Park by a score of 8 to 3.
The Santa Claras duplicated the Violets'
feat of last Sunday by scoring four runs
in thr> first inning.
F. I'oley was the first batter up*and sent
a hot grounder to right for a safe hit;
Robinson gained first by bunting the bail
in front of the plate and Foley went to
second. Graham hit to O'Day and on his
error reached first and filling the bases.
Foley scored a moment later on a wild
pitch, as di«l Robinson on Pereeria's sacri
fice hit. Farry kept up the good worK by
sending the ball over first for a hit.
Sweert threw too late to prevent Graham
from scoring. During tne excitement
Farry stole second with Fitzpatrick at his
heels. Drahiceyich hit safe over short,
but was thrown out trying to steal second.
G. Foley was given a base on balls and
Farry scored on Fitzpatrick's wild throw.
Steffani ended the run-getting by strik
ing out.
The visitors added one more run in the
next inning and neither learn was able to
score until the eighth inning. The Vio
lets played in hardest kind of luck. Three
times they had three men on bases, but
Santa Clara's clever pitcher would settle
down to business and fool the batter by
his large assortment of curves.
In the eighth inning the Violets' substi
tute mascot removed the hoodoo and
O'Day hit to the grandstand for two bases.
Sweigert followed up with a pretty hit
over third and stole second. J. Kelly hit
to the pitcher and was thrown out. Egan,
after having three chances to win the
game when men were on bafses, hie the
ball to short and gained first on Foley's
error. It was his only one, but had he
not let it pass him the Violets would have
been whitewashed.
As it was O'Day scored. Sweigert fol
lowed him home on a poor throw to Foley.
McCarthy hit over short for a safe hit and
Egan went to third. T. Kelly then hit a
slow ball to short and Egan beat the ball
home. Steffani steadied himself and
struck Fitzputrick and T. Kelly out, end
ing the innine.
To show there" was no ill feeling the
Santa Clara boys scored three more runs
in the ninth. "Graham reached hrst on a
hit over short and came home on Pereira's
home run swat over the right field fence.
Harry then smashed the ball over third
for a hit and Ecan ran from center and
got the bail, and thinking he could put
the batter out, made a long throw to first,
and as he misjudged the distance the ball
went over the first baseman's head into
the crowd.
Before Sweert could recover the bal
Farry was on third and scored on Sweert's
wild throw between third and home.
Drahicevich was struck out and Foley hit
safely to rightrield. Steffani struck out
and t'arreira hit to third and out. The
Violets were unable to do anything in the
next inning. .
The feature of the game was the battery
work of Sieffani and Graham. The former
held the Violets down to eight hits and
struck ten man out.
The Violets' defeat may be attributed to
Steffani's clever pitching and the splendid
support given him.
The score is as follows:
P. F. Violets, a.b. k. h. sb. P.o. a. s.
F. Kelly. 1. 1... 6 0 1 1 2 0 1
Kennedy, 2 b. 3 0 10 3 2 0
O'Dav, S.S.. 6 11114 2
Sweert.lb 3 13 2 12 1 J.
J.Kelly, » b 2-000 14 1
Kagan.'c. f 5 11110 0
McCarthy.C 4 0 116 10
i. Keliy, ..4 0 0 10 0 1
t iupatrick, p 4 0 0 0 16 0
T0ta15....... 85 3 8 7 27 17 6
Santa Claras, abb. H. 8.8. P.O. A. E.
F. foley.s. a 6 2 8 0 2 2 1
Robinson, c. 1 4 110 0 0 0
Graham, c 3 2 10 9 3 0
lVr.ira. r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Farry, 1 b 6 2 2 19 0 0
Drahi evich, I. f.... 5 0 1 0 '1 0 0
G. Foley, 3b. 5 0 1112 1
Steffani, p ; ... 5 0 0 0 2 2 0
l arrelra, * b 4 0 10 2 3-0
Totals 40 8 11 2 27 12 . 2 .
BCNB BY INKIKOS. ■}''' i T. ■■■'
San FranciscoViolets.O 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0— 3
Base h1ti............"2 010010 8-1— 8
Santa Claras 4 1000000 3-8
Base Hits .v.4 10 10 0 0 1 4—ll
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Clams 3. Home runs—
Perelra. Two-base hits— O'Day. Base on errors-
Violets 1, Santa Claras 4. Base on balls— Violets
7, Santa Claras 4. Left on bases— Violets 18, l^anta
Claras 7. sacrifice hits— Graham, Pereira and T.
Kelly. Hit by pitcher— Graham. Struck out— By
Fitzpatrlct 5, by Sleffani 10. Passed balls-
Graham 2. Wild pitches— Filzpatxlclc 5. Time of ■
came two hours. Umpire — McDonald. Scorer—
Lowry. .
Presidio Athletic Grounds.
The California Markets defeated the
Owls by a score of 24 to 15. The game was
for $50 a side. .
The Evening Posts defeated the Rail
roads by a score of 20 to 10.
The "H. S. Crockers lorfeited to the
Britton-Reys.
Other Games.
The Piute Indians were to play the Ala
meda Alerts next Sunday, but a telegram
was received that they would not arrive
here until Friday. Mr. Pulsifer, their
manager, thought it best that the game
be postponed a weekto J allow them to bs
come familiar with the grounds.
Next Sunday the Santa Claras will play
the San Francisco Athletic Club. As both
teams are evenly matched a great game ia
expected.
A large crowd of rooters will be on
hand, as both teams have a large follow
ing.
The George H. Tay Company baseball
club played two winning games yesterday
at the park recreation grounds, the first
with a picked nine, winning by a score ol
16 to 1L
The afternoon game was with the Oak
land Noveltys, tiie score beini: 10 io 6.
The feature of the game was the phe
nomenal parachute jump of J. Scott, for
a high ball.
The George H. Tays would like to hear
from amateur teams. Address P. A.
Regnier, 616 Battery street.
The Miller, gloss & Scotts defeated the
nine of Station D postofflce, at Central
Park, Sunday morning, by a score of 21 to
9. Tne features of the game were the
battery work of the Miller, Sloss & Scotta
and the third base playing of young
Brock hoff of the same nine.
The Tufft Lyons Jr.'s defeated the
Dauntless baseball club in an exciting
game yesterday, by a score of 20 to 8.
The victors would like to hear from any
team under It? years of age. Address ail
communications to K. McMahon, 811
Greenwich street, San Frnnci«co.
» ♦ *
Metz has a larger garrison than any
other town in Europe.
Auction Sales
AUCTIOISALE.
By Order
° F £&
Assignee at the Jew York stables, 507
Je*«ie Street, Above Sixth,
We will Bell to the highest bidder, Thursday, Janu-
ary 21, at 11 a. m., 1 pair Bay Korses: 1 Double
Ham Robe, Whip and Blanket: Brewster
Baggy, role and Shaft*; a so 3 good Basin
: Horses; 3 Top Buggies; 2 Open Buggies; 1
Grocery Wason, 1 Top Laundry Wagon: 1 Top
Kockaway: 1 Butcher Cart; 7 sets Single Har-
ness: also a Gentle ■ Pony, for lady or boy to
■ drive or ride. This stock can be seen after
Tuesday, January 19, 1897, a: a must be sold
without reserve or limit.
M. J. McBRIDE, Auctioneer.
LECTOR RUTHVEN
CAUSES A ROW
Followed From Metropoli
tan Hall by an Angry
Crowd.
A Pamphlet Circuiat-rd in the
Meeting Brands Him as an
Ex-Convict
The Speaker Snys Ho Was Once a
Priest, but He Is Now Denounc
ing Catholicism.
Victor M. rlnthven, who says tie was at
one time ordained as a Roman Catholic
priest, but who is now lecturing for and
under the indorsement of the American
Protective Association, spoke at Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon on
"Romanism and Civil Liberty."
He announced that he would lecture at
the same place on Tuesday night "for
men only" on the alleged moral delin
quencies of priests.
The lecture of yesterday was in itself
not nearly ?o bitter as many that have
been delivered from the same platform,
but the speaker was followed by a number
of angry people after ne had finished and
compelled to hasten to a .Powell-street car
lor his safety.
Speaking of the incident Sergeant Con
boy said: "I suppose the speaker wns
pursued in a body by a hundred people,
but a Powell-street car came along just in
time and he dodged into it. I had twelve
men on hand to prevent anything like a
riot."
Before the speaking began apam.hlet
entitled "Ruthven's Record" was freely
circulated at the door by the American
Women's Liberal League. It states that
the speaker is a fraud, and that he served
a term in the penitentiary at Eiie, Pa., for
obtaining money under false pretenses.
When seen regarding the matter after the
lecture the speaker said it was true that
he had spent a year in the penitentiary,
but he said he was persecuted by Roman
Catholics.
Speaking of the pamphlet, at the be
ginning of his address, the lecturer said:
"The document contains just enough
truth to be boldly misleading. lam not
here after a job, a wife or a church, and
my personal character does not enter into
this question at all."
The speaker also stated that the circu
lation of the pamphlet would result in his
lecturing next Sunday.
His address of yesterday consisted in a
review of some of the well-known Protest
ant accusations against the Catholic
church. He quoted largely from "The
Dutch Republic," by Motley, and referred
to the fact that the Catholic church has
been arbitrary in the past and that it is
to-day seeding for power and trying to
subvert the free institutions of this
country.
• — ♦ — •
In 1504 ale was sold in England at 3d a
gallon, and it was about twenty years
after that hops were introduced." When
the word "beer" was first used is uncer
tain.
WEEKLY
C^LL
. . ■'''■"/'.■"
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ News of the 1 Week and
=* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
el ORIGINAL FEATURES.
I IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
ol
) Always Republican, but.Always
°j Fair and Impartial in Its
°{ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
cJ It's the Paper to Send East if
3 , • You Want to Advertise
~J ■ California.
3 \ /
Z) The Best \ / Mining .
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to date
ol / \ t
p" Not a Line of it Sensational
o or Faky, and Not a Line of
ex : it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
DC --• • ■ •
Cl , Bright, Clean, ' A Champion of
V Thoughtful. Truth.
DC l_^
ex ~ .-•• ■ ■■ ••■"" "
D A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
D IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
r) HOME MAIL, 51.50
CX INDUSTRIES • A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR 411
■ / f^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mat&&& 9~~* ?P KSY ST - Established
Ifflt V Mi& '" lss * for tne treatment of Piivato
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KKARSY ST. JEstabllshPd
in IMS 4 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
-QQx3S^v£a disease bodyand mlndand
**$&&s'&s? Skin Diseases. 'Hie doctorcureswhen
i^SSHB^ others (ail.- Try him. Charges low.
■i3Oßißw3Bl Cure* euaran<<-rd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. r. «.USliUM.ltux 1957. San FranciscCb
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Steady Growing Revival
in the Business Has
Not Yet Developed.
The Slight Improvement After
Election Proved to Have
Been Only a Flurry.
Trade and Traff.c Are Not Yet by
Any ; Means Ai to Be De
sired.
Whatever may be promised for the future by
sanguine pro; hets of good times to come in the
real-estate bus.ness as well as In all other
branches of trade they cannot claim with
widespread show of proof that we enter the
new year in full realization of the rosy pre
dictions they made prior to the Presidential
election in theevontof Republican victory.
Trade and traffic are not yet by any means all
to be desired, but on the contrary the prompt
improvement which manifested itself in ail
branches of industry nnd every field of finance
immediately after election has proven In a
large measure more of a flurry than a steedy
poing revival. It was too sudden to last long,
and the reaction has produced considerable
disappointment, not to say discouragement.
The daily press in all parts of the country
caught the spirit of popular rejoicing over the
triumph of sound money and national honpr
proclaiming the gala day of renewed prosper,
ity And returning thrift, but is now compelled
to acknowledge a hesitation in trade revival,
a slack in the impetus which was reported in
all branches of manufacturing industry and
commercial enterprise just after the election.
This setback, though possibly dishearten
ing, is not st-rious. It is only the proverbial
"swing of the pendulum." We started too
fast: wa have simply stopped to get onr second
wind.
Prior to November 4, confronted as we were
by all the uncertainties of the currency prob
lem, confidence throughout the wido realm of
business was suspended, credit was practi
cally inoperative and trade in all branches
was paralyzed. Sudden relief from this great
strain naturally made a st asmodic burst of im
provement everywhere, but that was not a
veritable cure for the unhealthy condition
into which we had gradually come.
It must be remembered that our late com
mercial and financial straits were not the
troubles of a day or hour, but the accumulated
and intensified evils of several years, running
almost without check or challenge since the
international panic of 1893. Xo man is fit to
run a race the dny after he passes the crisis of
a long and serious illness; and no more can
trade ai.d traffic, after protracted prostration,
fee instantane u~ly spurred back into robust
strength and vigorous activity. Convalescence
is a slow process.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
The deeds placed on record durinp the past
week numbered 103. There were 73 mort
gages recv rded during the same time, aggre
gating $181,325. Among them were the fol
lowing: By thp Hibernia Bank to Pierre ana
Marie Priet, $30,000 for one year at 6% per
cent, on proptrty on north line of O'FMrrell
street, 137:6 feet'west of Powell, 63:6x137:6;
by the German Bank to Will C. Hays, $11,000
for one year at 7 per cent, on property
at the southwest corner of Divisadero
and Post street?, south 125. west 100,
north 50, east 25, north 75, east 75;
by the Hibernia Bank to F. A. Hihn, $24,000
for one year at 6}4 per cent, on property on
the northeast corner of Bush and Kearny
streets, north 37:6 by east 57:6, and on the
east line of Kearny street, 37:6 north of Bush,
north 20 by east 57:6; by the same to Solo
mon Getz, $5500 for one year at 6l£ per cent,
on property on the northeast line of Sixth
s'reet, 25 feet southeast of Minna, southeast
25 by northeast 75; by tho same to Max
Brooks, $10,000 for one year at 6J^ percent,
on property on the east line of Jones street,
87:6 north ot Geary, north 50 by east 137:6; by
Lewi? Dusenb>-ry to Louise Abrams, $8000 for
four years at 6% per cent, on property on the
northeast corner of Post and Franklin streets,
ea-t 27:6 by nr.rth 137:6; by Abraham Green
to Pauline O. Bullard, $8000 for two years at 1
per c--nt a month, on property on the south
corner of Harrison and First streets, south
west 43, southeast 100. southwest 30, south
east 75, northeast 73, northwest 175, and
property in San Mateo County; by the Hiber
nia Bank to George N. Williams, $5000 for one
year at 6% per cent, on property on the south
iine of Pacific street, 165 feet west of Taylor,
west 142:6, south 107:6, east 32:6, south 30,
east 110, north 137:6; by the same to
Harriet P. Cristy, $5000 for one year at
B l^ p.-r cent on property on the northeast
earner of California street and Sixteenth ave
nue, east 255 by north 600; by the Citizens'
Building and Loan Association to A. J. B. Im
mel, $5600 ior six years at 7 per cent on prop
erty on tho north Hne of Hill street, 105 feet
west of Noe, west 25 by north 228, and on
property in Oakland; by the Hibernia Bank
to Philip and Caroline Furst, $5000 for one
year at 6% per cent on property on the we^t
line of Muson street, 49 feet south of Filbert,
south 60:6, west 75, north 102:9, e.ist 4, south
49. east 71, and by the same to the estate of
James A. Johnson, $5100 for one year at 6%
per cent on property on the norihwest line ot
Clementina s'reet. 335 northeast of Second,
northeast 50 by northwest 80.
T;ie release? were seventy-three in number,
Rggrejrating $307,400. Among them were .he
following: From the German Bank to Vin
cent Bellman, $2500 on property on the north
Fide of Ridley street, 80 east of Viik'ncia, east
50x75; from the German Bank to Mary A. Mc-
Inernev, $7,000 on property on the south line
of Hayes street. 32:6 west of Franklin, west
25 by sonth 80; by the same to John Ira
Sabin, $17,500 on prorjerty on the north line
of Butter street, 87:6 we3t of Hyde, west 30
by north 77:6. an<i on the northwest corner of
Pu'ter and Hyde streets, north 50 by west
87:6; from th" Hibernia Bank to Julien
Smith, $10,500 on property on tne
west li.ne of Guerrero street, 160
south of Eighteenth, south 35 by west 100,
and on the nor'h line of Sacramento street,
85 feet east of Polk, east 52 :ti by north 77:6;
from the same to the same, $1500. and from
Huirh McCrum, $4000 on the same premises;
from the German Bank to George H. aDd Cor
nelia H. or F. Crosbr. $16,000 on property on
the west line of Laguna street, 55:6 of
Valiejo street, south 27:6 by west 107:6, and
on the southwest corner of Vallejo and La
guna streets, south 23 by west 107, and on the
north line ot Broadway, 187:6 east of
Gough, east 25 by north 137:6; from
the same to Cornelius and Bridget Murphy,
$5250 on property on the west line of Laguna
street, 55:6 south of Vallejo, south 27:6 by
west 107:6; from the same to the Murphy
Estate Company, $7800 on property on the
southwest corner of Vallejo and Laguna
streets, south 28 by west 107:6; from the Hi
bernia Bank to Andrew W. Rose Jr., $15,000
o:i property on the northwest corner ot Broad-
v «y nnd Lacuna *tieet,weat 34:4*4 by north
137:6; from the Pacific': Loan Association to
R. H. Glassfor*!, $5800 on property on the
6outh line of Hill .street, "280 feet east of
Castro, east 25 by >outh 114; from the
German Bank to Emil Woenne, $50,000
on property in Mission block 22, on
the south line of Market street, 42-3
northeast of Pearl, southeast 80, southwest 5
south 6:9J^. east 75, north 94, west 95 -.'7%
southwest 35:10; irom the same to James and
Anue McMenomtJv, $6000 on property on the
southeast line of Mission street, 140 feet north
east of Seventh, northeast 45 by southeast 85;
from James Preece to George E. M. and Charies
W. Corthay, $7750 on all interest in lot ou the
west line of Leavenworth street, 68:9 north of
O'Farrell, north 30:9 by west 137:6; on the
northeast corr.er of Washington street and
Stouts alley, east 35 by north 75; in Wesiern
Addition block 145, on the south line of
P»ge street, 192:6 west of Gough, west
ii7:6by south 120, and on property in Kapa
County; irom the German Bank to tne Con
gregation Beth Israel, $15,000 on property on
the south line of Geary street, 68:9 west of* Oc
tavia, west 68:9 by south 120; from the Hi
bernia Bank to F. D. Bovard, $18,000, and to
the Van Ness avenue Methodist Church, $18,
--000 on property on the southeast line ol Mis
sion ctreet, 110 ftei southwest of Fourth,
southwest 40 by southeast 80; from the Mu
tual Savings Bank to Louise Abrnms $7000
on property on the northeast corner of Post
and Frankiin streets, east 27:6 by north 137:6;
Irom the German Bank to Victor R. Ulman,
$5000 on property on the south line of Ciay
str.'.'t, 131 :3 west of Scott, west 25 by south
127:8i4; from the Hibernia Bank to'l.ouis J.
Marshall and Smnuel Neumann, $5500 on
property on the northeast line of Sixth street.
220 feet southeast of Mishion, southeast 25 by
northeast 75; from the Golden West Building
and Loan Association to Charles H. and Tillie
Kingsley, $6000 on property on the north line
of Pago street, 50 feel east of Ashbury, east
25 by north 82:6; from the German Bunk to
Frank M. and Louis W. Hopwood, $6200 on
property on the west line of Eigin Park, 185
fe«t north of Ridley street, north 21 by west
75.
NEWS ITEMS.
Jacob Heyman reports the sale of 50x120
feet on the north side of Alvarado street, 100
feei west of Hoffman avenne, for $1000.
Taxpayers who last year paid excess per
sonal property taxes are rather slow in calling
at the Tref>6urerV office for their rebates.
There are stih over 7000 taxpayers who have
not yet called, tind the amount due them
reached over $25,000.
Sol Getz <fc Bro. report the following recent
L it" 25x100 'feet, on the south line of X
street, 82:6 feet west of Ninth avenue, for
$<>00; 50x120 fi-et, west line of Ninth avenue,
325 feet south 01 X street, for $1200; 25x100
feet, south line oi I street, 107:6 ieet east of
Twelfth avenue, for $800; 50x120 feet, west
line of Forty-second avenue, 100 feet south of
Tstreei.for £200; 50x100 feet, easterly cor
ner of China avenue and Athens street, for
$450; 25x100 feet, northeast line of Brazil
avenue, 75 ;eet northwest of Madrid street,
for $350; 25x100 feet, north line of J street,
107:6 lout east of Twelfth avenue, for $800;
32:6x100 feet, northeast corner of X street
and Twenty-seventh avenue, for $500; 25x120
feet, west line of Fifth avenue, 275 tee i south
of California street, for $800; 25x120 feet,
east line of Thirty--ixth avenue, 100 feet south
of I street, for $200.
The pivperty at the southeast corner oi
Stockton and Clay streets has been sold by the
Nicholl estate to B. Schmidt.
The Clarendon Heights Improvement Club
are to petition the .-upervisors to locate elec
tric lights in their distr.ct.
The Sunset District improvement Club have
elected Daniel Koley, a member of the organi
zation, a delegate to the Association oi Im
provement Clubs.
The Spring Valley Water Company are lay
ing its mains on Frederick street from Colo
street to First avenue and on Siar.yan from
Frederick to Page. The rapid giowth of that
section of the City has made a demand for the
extension of the Spring Valley service.
Re«i<leuts of the Sunßet district have been
promised an entrance at Tenth avenue to the
Park. Tenth avenue, south of the Park, nas
recently been opened and put in first-ciass
order.
Ihe Market Street Improvement Club has
elected E>B. Carr a delegate lo the Association
of Improvement Clubs vice W. W. Kednall,
resigned.
The Eureka Valley Improvement Club has
elected S. W. Norton, M. Mibnch, H. C.
Driest'!; man, S. Wyatt and Edward Mcßride
delegates to the Association of Improvement
Clubs.
In the district south of the Park the Callahan
estate is miking some extensive improve
ments. They are lev 'ling off the property be
tween Tentn and Twelfth avenues in tue vlcin-
ity of H and I streets.
Baldwin <fc Hammond report the following
sales: Six lots in outside lands block, as fol
lows—Three lots on the east line oi Tentii ave
nue. 200 ieet north of I street, each 25x120, for
$2475; eiso the lot on the west lint <f Ninth
uvenue, 150 feet south of H- street, 25x120,
$1100; a'so iwo lots on the east side of Tenth
avenue, 225 feet south of H street, 50x120,
$1700. Turee or four cottages are now being
constructed on this property. Lot 25x100,
with improvements consisting of five-room
cottage, on the west line of Potrero avenue,
135 feetsouthof Twenty- third street, $2500;
cottage and lot, 30x100, on the west line
of Julian avenue, 125 ieet north of Fifteentli
street, at $2500; cottage and lot 25x114, on
the north side oi Elizabeth street, 200 feet
west of Sanchez, at $2450; lot on tue north
line of Golden Gate avenue, 100 ieet east of
First avenue, size 29:11x137:6, at $800; five
iots on northwest < orner of Victoria and Gar
fieid streets, at $100 each; lot 10, block Z.
Park Lane Tract, $650; lot on the east line of
Chenery street, lUO feet south.of Charles, 25x
100, at $600; lot on the northeast corner of
Shritder and Beulah streets, 25x110, price
$2475.
Th^ firm also reports the sale of the follow
ing- lots for account of the Crocker Estate
Company: Iferthwest corner of Cole and Fred
erick street, 25x100, $2400; lot on the west
side of Shrader street, 120 feet north of Fred
erick. 25x131, $1475; lot on the east side of
Shrader street, 100 ieet north of Frederick,
25x134, $1525; four lots on the north *lde of
Frederick street, 131 feet west of Shrader, 100
x 137:6, $1575 each; three lots on the north
west corner ot Shruderand Frederick streets,
81:3x100, at $5450; lot on the southwest
rorner of Beuiah and Shrader streets, 75x
106:3, $5000; lot on the northeast corner of
FrediT.ck and Shrader streets, 44 :4J^xlOO, at
$3700; lot on the west line oi fchrader street,
100 feet north of Frederick, 25x131:3, at
$1475. Altogether the sales of these two
blocks aggregate $71,350. At the lowest esti
mate twenty-five residences wili be ouilt this
summer on this property; many have already
been started. In the Castro-street Addition
ten lots have Deen sold in the past fortnight.
The Eureka Valley Improvement Club will
file a petition with the Supervisors protesting
against 'the Almshouse tract as a pesthoue
site. A communication will be forwarded by
the same club to the Superin;endent oi
Streets .ailing his attention to the condition
of the cesspools in the district, especially
those on Eighteenth street and Corbett Koad.
Yon Rheiti & Co. are out In a catalogue of
properties to be submitted at auction on the
28th instant. A feature of the efferine is a
Una of lots in the old Woodwaru's Garden
tract, fronting on Valencia, Mission and lead
ing cross streets, being goud property for in
vestment or speculation. There is also a large
improved corner on Sixth street, renting for
$300 a month, that is sold to close up an
estate, and will probably go cheap. Flats
cottages, dwellings ana vacant lots are inter,
spersed to make up an attractive offering.
Grading for the foundation of the new Mis
sion High School has been commenced. Six
four-horse teams, with scrapers, are at work
leveling the block at Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, where the new school is to t>e built.
Considerable earth will have to be removt d
before the site will be ready for the laying of
the concrete foundation. There is a b<ink
about six feet high on the Dolores-street side
of the block which will have to come down.
The frontage on Eighteenth street is two or
three feet beiow the grade, and the surplus
earth will be used to fill up tnis portion of the
block.
David Bush of G. H. Umbsen & Co, reports
the sale of eighty acres of land for ijttOOO, in
Sonoma County, near Murk West Springs.
Charles Juergensen is the purchaser ami Mrs.
Elise Kohler the seller.
'Ihe merchants along the line of Stockton
streetinthe northern part of the City have
organized an improvement club, which will
be known as the Norm Beach Improvement
Club. Efforts are to be directed toward im
proving fhe pavement ot Stockton street in
that district. Property-owners and store
keepers are eligible to membership.
The secretary of the Association of Improve
ment Clubs hns received a communication
from the United Paving Company, which was
recently organized, asking that the assistance
of the improvement clubs be given to have the
Supervisors autboiize the use of asphalt tor
street-paving. The matter will belaid before
the street committee of the association for
recommendation.
An auction sale will be held by G. H. Umb
sen <fc Co. on February 1, when the following
property will be offered: The dwe ling at
1212 Scott street, lot 25x90, belonging to the
Mury Sloane estate; frame dwelling and lot.
25:2x114, at 3658, 3660 and 3662 Twentieth
|street, forming part of the Edward Simpson
estate; dwelling and lot 23x60, at 5 Bernard
street, owned by the John F. McMahan estate;
lot 50x100 and cottage at 21 Ripley place, be
longing to the Martin Dougherty estate; lot
30x150 on the south line of Ripley place,
230 :9 west of Columbia place, sold on account
of E. S. Matthews' estate; lot 23x75 nnd im
provements at 18 Natoma street, the property
ofJhe Mary Sheppard estate; an undivided
one 1 third interest in a lot 180x125 at
Ocean View, owned by the Joseph c:yde
estate; the southwest corner ot Filbert
and Pierce streets, 62:6x137:6; six lots facing
on the norta linr of Washington street and
the south line of Jackson, between Cherry
street and First avenue, by order of Wells,
Fargo & Co. 's bank; 10t25:9x800u the north
west corner of O'Fam-il nuil Leaveuworth
streets; lot 50x80, wi;h improvements, at 916,
918 and 920 Harrison street; three-story
dwelling at 215 Ciary street; propeitv near
the Six-mile House; n cottage and lot, 30x75,
at 934 Nineteenth street; lots on the sou:h
line of Arm street, east of Mission: two lots,
each 25x137:6. on the south line of McAllister
street, west of Lyon, and lot and tenements at
4 Moulton street.
On Monday next the same firm will sell the
lot, 40x100. aud the house on the northwest
corner ot Waller and Devisadero streets, and
on Sattirdity, the 23d, will offer at auction four
flats on Capp street.
Jr. Order of American Mechanics.
The officers of Alexander Hamilton Council
wire installed last week by Deputy Tbiesen in so
creditable manner without tbe aid of book that
the council tendered him a vote of thanks.
To-night State Councilor Schaertzer, accompa
nied by a delegation from the coun il from across
the bay, will pay a visit to the council in Elm
hurst.
The fish-pond party given by the California
Council Daughters of Liberty was well attended.
much enjoyment was nad and a goodly sum was
rea.iz'd for the benefit of tbe council's fund for
tbe si k.
Tim Alameda County Union Committee eiectea
the following officers for the ensuing term: D. R.
F> rd of Henry Clay Council. P. : J. M. McCurry of
Lust er Council, V. P.; George Moening of Paul
Revere Council, 8.; J. A. Hopkins of Custer Coun
cil. T.
On the 12ih of February Lincoln Council will
celebrate the anniversary of tbebirtn^if Abraham
Lincoln by an entertainment to be gfvan ut B. B
Hall.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Mis» Lizzie Terry, D. D., installed the officers of
Branch No. 7 last Wednesday.
Grand President Miss Sophie Grote paid a visit
to Branch No. 2, at the Potrero, last Wednesday.
Branch No. 45. at Port Costa, was officially
Visited on Sunday. thu lOin last.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
HEW PICTURES
FOR PARK PANELS
Sweden Swiftly Outpulls
the United States in
the Tug- of- War.
Bristol's Pretty Ponies Per
form Cieverly at the
Chutes.
Mrs. Margaret E. Crocker Gives
Three Handsome Oil-Paintings to
the P .rk Museum.
The chief attraction at the parfc yester
day was Mrs. Crocker's handsome gift of
three lar^e pictures, wbicn have recently
been hong in the Museum. Mrs. Mar
garet E. Crocker of Sacramento, widow of
the late E. B. Crocker, has presented 10
the museum time large oil paintings,
representing the rape of the Sabine
women. The first is called the "Inva
sion," the second the "Abduction," and
the third the "Captivity." They are the
work of the San Francisco artist Charles
C. Nahl, and were painted in 1871.
These pictures represent the seizure by
the followers of Romulus?, the first King
of Rome, of the wives and daughters of
the Sabines and the bearing 01 them off tr>
be forcibly made wives of by the warriors.
The first of the trio shows in the fore
ground a beautiful, smiling ana happy
woman, between two powerful men, who
show a contrast between ttie barbarian
warrior ana the better-clad and fiuer
armed soldier of Romulus.
In the next piciure the fair woman pic
tured has a face distorted with fear and
grief as she is being borne alolt upon the
shoulder of a soidier who holds an un
bheathea sword ready to make deter
mined fight to retain his captured treas
ure. 'Ihe thira picture shows a woman,
with eyes red with weeping, turning away
in scorn from tiie wooing of the armed
soidier, who is alone in the chamber with
her.
The museum has received several other
donations recently. Three from G. W.
Ethel of San Francisco, viz., a piece of the
iron-wood flagstaff which formerly stood
in the front ot the Governor's residence at
Tahiti. It was carved by natives with
stone implements. A piece of door from
ruins of a heathen castie on the Society
Islands, and a piece of hipbone of a mas
todon. George Gan>ber has given a collec
tion of Confederate currency, Dr. M. E.
Smith two historic newspapers, and the
Sacramento Chamber ot Commerce six
large fruit jars.
The tine weather drew a large crowd out
to the Park and a'so to tne Cliff House.
At the Sutro Baths the tug-of-war be
tween Sweden and the United Slates was
quickly decidpd. The hard tugging com
menced at once when the pistol tired.
Both sides seemed bent on forcing the
struggle to a suilden conclusion. In t:;ree
and a half minutes the Swedes had pulled
the Americans acros3 the line.
The fifty-yard boys' race at the Sutro
Baths was "Won by August Burtra:id, witn
Emile Eemond second. Tue 100-yard
race, o] en to a 1, was won by Jake Foster,
with J. Rinprose second. The diving by
Mowry, Scuuliie and Empey from a
height of sixty feet was gracefully exe
cuted.
At the Chutes, a popu'ar feature was
the trained ponies of Bristol's hor>e show.
There was a little donkey among the edu
cated equines who had a great fondness
lor dram drinking irom a bottle. The
trainer protested against the long draught
the donkey was taking and shook the but
tle loose and put it to his own lips. Then
the donkey thought the trainer was
taking too iong a Dull and begun to pro
tect by vigorously shaking the trainer's
arm with his teeth. The ponies were
b?autitul and highl? trained. The one
legged bicycle rider performed his
daring dart down the chute and was
thrown far out into the water. Two boys
who participated in the potato race had
lots of fun themselves and made lots of it
for the spectators.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder
Wallis will visit WooUlaud to-r.,ghi 10 install the
oflicers of the council there. Thursday nigbt the
same officers wilt install tbe olli< cis 01 Fl .elity
Council at Redwood City and will initiate can
didates.
To-night Grand Recorder Wallls will assist at
the public installation of tne officers of Garden
City Council in ban Jose.
The grani cou ncllor was present at tbe installa
tion of the officers ot America Council by Deputy
O'Brien lasl Tuesday.
Od Friday night the officers of California Coun
cil were Installed by Deputy Walter IS. Brunt In
the preseixe of the grand councilor and the grand
recorder.
Thf officers of Samaritan Council were Installed
last Weduesday by B. M. Morgan, P.D , and those
of Fnirmount Council wire installed on Thursday
by Deputy J. L- Homer.
The initiation of a class of about twenty can
didates b the initiatory icnm for Juanita Council
ot Oakln- d has been postponed until next Frida* .
on the 28th the team will initiate four candidates
for Home Council.
There will be fifteen assessments during the cur
rent yeer. ___^________^__ m
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blftfet In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-527 Montgomery # street,
center Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
615 1 firkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open nn 1 9:31.
.SOli< i. U* JULKXING!>.
ttsS* GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERV .cJL-
a3& N'/. 16, K. T., Golden Ga c building,%™p
625 Suiter su— Stated assembly Tills nil
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of
the Temple will be conferred. All f raters are
courteously invited.
CHARLES H. MUPPHY.
Eminent Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorier. . ;
BK2S=»OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. *
I sS^fr' and A. M.— Called meeting for THIS £%.
(MONDAY) EVKMNU at ': M .. « •:.,, k. VJf
Second degree. -Vlsitin? brethren cordially /V'
Invited. By orderof tlie \\". M.
KDW: F. DKLGER, Secretary.
B^S= KING SOLOMON'S LODGE,. NO. »~~
BB^P 26U, F. and A. M ., cor. Geary and J%
steiner sis.— ; ailed meeting THIS (MON-"^K 3f
DAY)«svenlne at 7:3o o'clock. ThibdDk-/V^
orke. By order of the master.
. HARRY BAEHR, Sec
iFss*~s~an FBANCMCO- CHAPTER m i
m~-& No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets A.
THIS EVENING. Business and M. M. "^ 3f
degree. H. G. PRINcK, Secretary, r^fy
» NOTICE-TIIE ANNITAL MEETING
m*^ and (lection of the board of directors of the
Consumers'Yetut and Vinegar Works will be held
on THURSDAY, January 21. 1897, atTeutonia
Hall, Howard st., near Niutb, at 2 p m. '.
JAM is a. STULZ, President.
Chris Bbusk, Secretary.
|P^- GKOOKAPHICAL SOCIETY OF THK
lar-*^ Pac.fic— The annual election of directors
ana councilors of this society will be held on
TUESDAY, 19. h lost., at the rooms. Merchants'
Exchange building.. Polls open from noon illl 6
p. m. Meeting at Bp. m. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
John Pabtbidge. secretary.
fCZs" ANNUAi MKKTINU-THE REGULAR
m~&" annual meeting of lhe stockholders of the
Oceanic Steanisalp Company will be heid at the
office of the i ompanv, 327 Market street, San
FrancUco. Cat, on THUKBDA«*\ the 21st day of
January. 1897, at th-? hour of 11 o'clock a. v. for
the purpose of el«ctlng a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
nary 9, at 12 o'clock m -
. K. a. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
fC^S 3 DUTCH MINING AND Mli-LING
i*^* s^ Company — Therssular annual meeting of
the stocKholders of the Dutch Mining ai.d Milling
Company will be heM at the . office of the com-
pany, rooms 67 ana 68, Stevenson building, south-
west corner California and Montgomery streets,
San Francisco, Cai., on MONDAY, the 18th day
of January, 1897, at 2 o'clock p. if , for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuini! year and for the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meetine. Trans'er books close Thursday. Janu-
ary 14, 1697. at 4 o'clock p. M.
rswAi I G. TUITTENBACH. President.
1 j G EORaK w gerhabd, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 7. 1837.
M'KCIAL NOTICES.
Bf^Sp SAN FRAK CISCO, CAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
SW*' The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived into st. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum since July 1, 1896, to January 1, 1897,
are as following: Orphans, females— iilla Andrew,
age 4 years: Teresa Melissa, age 9 years; Nellie
Allen, age 8 years: Echo Allen, age 5 years:
Phoebe Allen, age- 2 years 5 months; Marie St,
Clair, age 1 hour. Half orphans, females— Mamie
O'Farrell, ape 7 years: Henrietta O'Farrell, age 3
ytais: Nellie O > J>arrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
age 12 years: irene Cambell- age 6 years 11
months: Nellie .stocking, age 10 years; Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years; Millie Crowley, age 10
years; May Crow.ey, age 2 years; Ethel Crow-
ley, age I year; Rena Matti, ag- 9 years: males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 years; Charlie Hopper, age 6
years: Frank Kane, age 4 years: Eddie Burk, age
8 years; iaiuis Bur*-, age 6 years; Dame Matti,
age 7 years; Robert Matti, age 4 years: Frank
Matti, age 2 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
1 rear 6 months.
l£^S=> INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $26: PER-
wS' fectly harmless; ladles treated at home. B.
D. KIMMiS, 916 Market st., Columbian Building.
rr:"~g=- BAD tenants ejected ton. »4:
***& collections made, city or country. PaclflJ
icIN-nion Co.. 415 Monter st.. room 6. Tel. 6580
DIVII>ENI> NOTICES.
IT^g 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
!»«*' 39 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the office of the Company.
327 Market street, on and alter Friday, January
22, 18*7.
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1697. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, secretary.
ii'il.ri.ONs V AMtl>-i'tl»ALli,
/COMPETENT WOMAN, WITH A GIRL 6
\J years old, desires situation ; best references;
$15. Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
■VTKAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
J-i tlon; Is tood cook »nd thoroughly under-
stands housekeeping. Flense call 4 332 Seven-
teenth street. . P. S.— Employment office need not
answer.
9 NORWEGIAN GIRLS WI*H A PLACE TO-
— eether; one as cook, other as second work;
wages $25 and $20; American family. Call after
10 a. M., 17 Stockton sU, room 64.
pEFINED GERMAN 0 1 L~ DESIRES POSI-
.XV tion as maid: take lire charge of children:
would do second work and sewing: city references.
7;;4 Guerrero street. >
pOMI'ETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J 'o do gen ral housework: also cooking : no ob-
jection to going short distance in the country.
139 Eleventh st.
PESPECTABLE, COM PET NT WOMAN
XV wants to do general housework in cry in
American family; good reference. Call 1807 Mis-
sion st.
y OUNG WOMAN WANTS TO GO OUT TO
-L work by the day:' washing or house-cleaning.
24 Verona pi , bet. Folsom and H«rmou sts
pOMPBTE.ST GIKL WANTS SITUATION
\J lor housework: Is a Rood cook and laundress;
city or country. 406 Minna st., near Fifth.
yoUSQ COLORED GIRL WOULD LIKE PO-
X sition as child's nurse or will do second wont
Address G. C, box 108. Call Office.
ERY STYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHED
work by the day in first-class families. J., box
10, Call Office. ,_
GOOD COOK WISHES SITUATION TO DO
housework In private family. 1024 Howard
St., room 15.
T7<XPEKII£NCED GERMAN COOK WISHES
XL< situation in a small family. Address G. C,
box 33, Call Office.
1 MUST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS
X work by the day: $1 25. i. C, box 37. Call.
MART, AT- APPEARING LADY
wishes work a counter in bakery or waitress
in restaurant. 419 Geary st., room 22.
ly-EAT AMERICAN GIRL WISHKS A SITU-
-1A ation to do general housework; references.
Apply 223 Minna st.
p KRMAN WOIIAN WANTS WORK WASH-
VJT ing, ironing or cleaning by the day. GINS-
BERG, 152 Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth.
p ERMAiV WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUA-
u tion at general housework; is good.plain cook.
Call or address 616 Broadway.
VOL'SO WOMAN WITH A CHILD DKSIRES
X hoiwwork or cleaning oy day, week or month.
Apply 874 Howard st., room 2. < >•
IRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION TO DO
second work. Please call 665 Stevenson
street, downstairs.
£" XPERIKinCED NURSE WANTS BITUA-
Xj tion to take care of invalid; city or country:
first-class reference. Address Nurse. 22y a Perry st.
y OUNG WOMAN WITH 1 CHILD WISHES
X situation, housework; Is a good plain cook. 616
Broad fray, Oakland, room 11. ,
rnRUSTWORTHY HOUSEKEEPER WISHES
where she can go home WISHES
chamberwork, where she can go home at nigbt;
best c.ty references. 345 Dore st. "
yOU NO GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK
X and plain cooking, $15; good references. Call
at 2251 Mission st '
Vy ANTED— AMERICAN LADY OF REFINE-
ii mentkvish-s position as housekeeper or care
of grown children, and sewing; pleasant home the
object. J. G., box 22, this office.
POSITION WANTED BY SWKDISH WOMAN
X as cook In first-class family. L.. box 73, Call.
OOD WAsHER WISHES FAMILY WASH-
VT ineror flannels: out or home. Apply or ad-
dress 105 Prospect place, room 6.
,\iiddle-ag::d WOMAN wishes sitt-
i'l ation as housekeeper or as a nnrse: city or
country: best of reference. Call or address for 1
week nt 36 Moss st., bet. Howard and Folsom,
above Sixth.
VEaT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES GENERAL
XI housework in small family. Please call t>t 615
Myrtle aye., bet. Geary and o'Farrell sts., below
Octavia. . -"" r
.(JITCAT lON WANTED — TAILOKEBS
'O wants work with custom tailor. 119 Third su,
tailoress.
T^XPKRIKNCRD DRESSMAKER WOULD
XJ like to get some sewing: made very reasona-
ble. 2 Rose aye., upstairs.
OMAN WISHED TO DO HOUSEWORK OR
keep house by the month- $10 per month.
3!sO Lexington aye., near Twenty-first s:.
TRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, Ironing, cooklne, or house-
cieaulngby the day. M i'.S. CUR ITS, 3367 Twenty-
sixth St., near A'is-iion; best refer?
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Thr Call are taken at Branch ofilce, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s s.
"EASTERN widow of EXPERIENCE
i' would like first-class place as housekeeper for
lodging- hoase, widower or bachelor. Room 9, 472
Stevenson si., corner Sixth, after 12.
OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework or upstairs work 6 Enter-
prise, bet. Sixteenth and seventeenth, off FoUom.
y OUNG WIDOW WOULL) LIKK To DO GEN-
X tlemen's plain mending at home. 106 Fourth
St., room 2.
yofrii lady with many accomplish-
X me in desires a place as housekeeper in a
widower's or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post.
I>UBITION WANTED BY EDUCATED AND
. r" lined lady of 37, with best of reference, as
housekeeper or sea mstres3; is handy at any kind
of work. 8., tox 31, Ca i Office.
X I PT lON s AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Cam, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes sU ;
open until 9 :3 » o'clock.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCIjM-
*XV bered, desires place as working housekeeper.
122 Post St., room 2.
YOUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
X tion as housekeeper. Call or address 112 Tay-
lor St., room 34.
y OUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POBI-
x tio i as wording housekeeper. 108 Fourth
St., room 2.
QW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
kJs'.oii: branch office of Th e v Call. Sub-
scriptlons and want ads taken.
W ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
. i! by a oiid(lle-a:ed lady in widower's family;
C'ty or country ; best, of references. Call at 516
Klghth St., Oakland.
SWEDISH .GIliL WANTS PLACE TO DO
KJ general housework: Jewish and American
cooking; wages $25; city references. Call Tues-
day aDd W eduesday at 1170 Market St., room 80,
fourth floor. ; -V ,
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
x-i wants wor« in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country prefer cd. • 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
71 '_> LARKiN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 xt - > CALL; subscrlntlons an.i want ads taken.
VV l Nt ;llk " > ' XX HOUbE. 44 THIRD ST.. X&
Market; 200 rooms; 250 to *1 60 per nisht.
f 1 CO to $6 per week: convenient and respectable. ,
:i»p l:h ana h« gC agt> to and from Ilie lerr».
fci'lLAilOAa Vv'A2SXiiiJ-aiAr.is.
I^renchmaTJ SPBAKIN^^EITG^riirH
X would like some light employment to occupy
part or all of nli time between 10 a. m. and 8 p. h.
R.T. WARD & CO., 608 Clay st.
UNTEtt A CO, CHINESE AND JaPA
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, oelow
hfiirny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.CYoUNO. m?r
pHIXKSK & JAPANESE; EST'D. 20 YEARS:
V;help:tel.malo 1997.: BRADLEYAC'O- 640 Clay.
pUiN&SK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J oflice; best help. .414^ O'Farrell. .Tel. E 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. It
O 73, St. Ann's Wig, 6 Eddy st.; teL Main 6234, V
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continue*.
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH
0 coachman in private family; city; good horse-
man and houseworker: careful driver: knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging: four years with one family; best ref-
erence. [ D., box 160, this office.,
TiARBERS— SITUATION WANTED BY BAR-
X> ber of 3 years' experience in some good shop:
willing to work for small wages and do janitor
work if required; best of references. Barber, box
135, Call Office. •
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAR-
n ii man of any kind; best of reference and
security, if required: willing to work for small
wages. Address M.|T. ALLIMaN. 523 Seventh.
TAfANEsE WIsHES POSITION AS COOK
O and other work in saloon. Apply s. V., box
137, Call Office. '
TRONG GERMAN YOUNG MAN WISHES
0 any kind of work: well acquainted with city.
C box 131. 2
AKEK FOREMAN, FIRST - CLASS ON
bread and cakes: city or country. 19 Zoe St.,
bet. Third and Fourth. ■
p ARDENrR/ GERMAN, SINGLE, WHO
VJ thoroughly understands landscape gardening,
carpet bedding, greenhouse, orchard and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class references of
some of the best known private places in this
State wishes a situation in a private or public
place. Address B. 8.. box 40, Call Office.
AN OF 45 (WIDOWER), SPEAKING ITAL-
lan and English, understands the fruit and
grocery business, wishes employment at same, or
as a nurse in private or public hospital, or as a
bedmaker or gardener, or any other like occupa-
tion for very moderate wages. Address FRANK
MARTINELLI, 500 Francisco sU
ptLIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
XV driver or gardener; has had an extensive ex-
perience handling horses and around homes. Ad-
dress H. B. box 118 this office.
\\r anted"— "advertisement matter
it to distribute, by a reliable man. A. S., box
65. Call. '
y OUNG MAN WANTS WORK AS PLUMBER:
X work 'sona'ile. 48 Sacramento st.
pOAcUiMAN, COMPETENT, STEADY AND
\J careful driver; thorouguly understands his
business in all its branches: experienced in train-
ing young horses. Coachman, box 41. Call.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE Or" THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taKen. .
alesman wants position; 8 years
experience In groceries and general merchan-
dise; steady habits; reliable; best references. <>
box ti4. Call Office.
», AN AND WIFE (SWItS), WITHOUT
'' children, wish work on dairy; man, first-class
dairyman, run any kind cream separator: wife,
good cook: references. Address A., box 7, Call
office, Oakland.
yOUNG MAN, AMERICAN. STRICTLY
X sober, wants position as watchman or porter in
note ; best of Eastern recommendations. Address
M. G., 321 Kills st.
N elderly man, a LITTLE LAMK.
would work at any light occupation for a good
home: is used to cooking and housework. J. 11.,
box 73, Call Office. 7 -'•
T.MRKT-CLASS CKKAJIERV MAN DESIRES
X? a position as buttermaker, creamery or city;
first-class references. Address Buttermaker, 415
I. Human St.
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS A SITTJ-
u atlon; speaks English well. T. p., 22 Prospect
place. • -. —:
OUN '..} MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
X night watchman. Address 91 Howard st.
\ r OUNG- MAN WANTS SITUATION, ANY
X kind of work ; city or country: , worked 2 years
In coalyard: reference irom last employer and i
others. Address JOHN A. MaCDONALD, 821
Filbert st. Oakland.
pOACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC, BY EX- I
\J perienced and steady man; best reference? for
past 16 years. Address J. H., care of 1379 Jack-
son St., Oakland. • :
ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, POSITION
on a ranch: wife cook, man all-around ranch-
man. J. F., box 11, Call offlca,
NGINEiiR WANTSSITUATION:2OYEAKS'
experience: can do repairs, also blacksmitnlng.
Apply 227 Mghth St.
JAPANESE COUPLE WANT POSITION AS
ft cook and second work; have good experience.
K. G., 608 O'Farrell st. ■ ■
QOQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• )•'•/ The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
"DRANCH OFFICE OF THF. CALL, 167 NINTH
X) st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
i Call: want ada and subscriptions taken.
£07 MONTGOMERY. COi'.NER OF CLAY—
O£ I open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
ii Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IE3IALK H.EI..F WANTED.
T^C^^rNTrWASHTA^SHORT^DTsTA^fcIEriS^
\J German chambermaid and serviriir girl, £20:
2 second girls, $20 and *-5; 6 German, Scan-
dinavian, French and Iris!) cooks, $25, $30 and
$40: 2 German and American nurses, $20 and
$25: colored girl for housework, $25; restaurant
waitress, $-!5, an I a large umber of girls to nil
si. uations in city and country. J. F. CROSjETT
CO., ;'l6 Sutler su
R.VTKSTANT GIRL FOR COOKING AND
X some housework: 3 in family: no washing;
$20. J. F. CROBETT A i 0., 316 Sutter st.
I'riRF.NCH NURSE, »20; COOK, SAME HOUSE,
' $25 MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
OOK, $«5, GERMAN OR FRENCH STYLE;
second tr:rl, $25; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. ' " ;
L BENCH GOVERNESS. *25; 9 HOUSEWORK
T girls, city and country, $20 and $25: 8 young
girls to assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN. 328
Butter st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, FARE AD-
ii vancpd. $18. south; waitress, country hotel,
! $15, free fare paid, south: French housework girl.
$20: girl light housework, 4 in family. $16: Ger-
man or Swedish housework girl, $12. C. R. HAN-
eSKN & CO.. 110 Oeary st. ■
NEAT YOUNG WOMAN WORK SMALL
-i\ hotel, mining town, $2?>, fare paid; cook ana
laundress, city, $25: waitress, country hotel. $J0:
housework girls, c.c. MURRAY <fc READY,
Leading i- nip oyment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ various positions; from $10t0525. 306 Mason
ANTED— FOR GENERAL HOU-EWORK,
small family, competent Swedish or Nor.
wegian girl; must be good cook; reference re-
quire 1. Apply 1016 Morton at., Alameda, Nar-
row Gauge Morton station.
IRL FOR DOWNSTAIRS WORK AND
cooking; one who has worked in Jewish
family prelerred; bring reference. Apply 1130
O'Farrell «t.
(^ RL TO CARE FOR BABY AND ASSIST
VI with light housework; sleep horn"; refer-
ence. Call from Btoloa. H. 436 Bucnanan st.
PROTESTANT GIRL FOR COOKING AND
X general housework; wages *20: reference re-
quired. 909 Brodcrick at, bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
STRONG COM PETE GERMAN GIRL;
must understand cooking and housework. In-
quire b--u 10 and 12 a. m. at 317 I arktn it.
IRL, 15 YEARS, WISHES A SITUATION
to do light housework and assist with Chi •
dren: prefers to sleep at home. 355 Jessie st
VV ANTED-AN XPE IKNCED GIRL TO
IT attend an elderly laly and make herself gen-
erally useful. ] 603 Post sU
/ > JRL FOB OKKEItAL HOUSEWORK;
Ii plain cook; small family; German preferred.
1418 Webster su *
l/IRST-CLASS TaILORESS" ON CUSTOM
r coais. make button-holes. 22 Russ St.. in r -ar.
'y OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework; wages $10. Call 2218 < alifornia.
p IRL WANTED; PLAIN CO' -KING; FAMILY
VJ of 2 and chi:d; wages $15. 918 Fulton st.
pESPKCTABLE GIRL Of 16 ASSIST LIGHT
Xt housework; good home. 430 a Fulton st.
OUNG~OIKL ABO. T 17, TO ASSIST IN
housework at 1935 Howard st.
Vlf ANTED— GERMAN WOMAN FOR, LIGHT
Tt homework. 312 Fill mo re st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$15. 2217 Octavla st
TVTEATUIUL FOX HOUHEWOKK AND I'LAIN
1.1 cooking. 161 Day st., bet. Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth.
VTEAT PROTESTANT GIRL OF 14 OR SO TO
i-i assist mornings In light housework. Apply
Monday, bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 1120 Filbert st.
Wanted— pupils for a practical
it millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed:
evening < lasses. '-'.\-» Geary or 410 Leaven worth.
2 EXPERIENCED GIRLs IN PiCKLE ITAO
Zi tory. . Lewis Packing Co., 626 Front st.
f>-\ p. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJjB
UX«J*Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.-
PULTIVATED WOMAN FOR A FINE POST
\J tlon; good pay; duties pleasant. V., box 2, Call.
"yOUNG GIRL > FOR LIGHT HOUSE. WORK.
X 516 Fourth st. V _^
GIRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
general housework and cooking. 736 McAl-
lister st. ■■;•;. - . - .. :
11/ ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
»» ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue sent- S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
X cutting and making taught; easy, unlimited
lessons; patterns 25c. j McDOWELL Dresscuttlng
School, 636 Market st.
11/' NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
XX ') The Call; subscription and want ads
taken. '■ ' .;.'...'■.■
IRLS WISHING TO MARRY- SEND AD-
dress to MRS. H., box 10, this office.
T AWRENCE CUT! ING SCHOOL- IS THE
XJ only reliable place ° for • patterns; every one
i uarantefd to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
ANTED— FROM 11 TO 1. INQUIRE
between 3 and 6. 1103 Geary.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $15) per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bos and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
a^t^d^bXa7^m^th~to^uT~6hop;
W English stable foreman, $55 and board; two
farmers *20- teams;er and wife, $35: solicitors;
cracker baker $75- cooks, waiters and others.
Appfv to J F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
OHORT-ORDER AND OYSTER COOK. RES-
O taur.nt, $45 to $50: dishwasher, $26. 0.8.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
or\ men wanted TO- DAY fob SITU a-
W lions of all kinds at MURRAY * READY __
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITER, FIRST^CLASM COUNT «" l^^i
V) $25; cook.. near city, $40; 3 cooks. $30. $35
and *40. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ;
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Q FARMKRS AND PRU E RS, $20 AND
0 found: farmers and or- hard hands, 816 and
$20: choreman, $8. etc. MURRAY READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 630 yay.
BECOME QUICK AT FIGURES; MY BYS-
tem guaranteed to make you: low rate in cluD
now forming. Call at R., 67^-856 Market St., for
Illustration, I'ARR, accountant.
"EXPERIENCED BOTTLER on export
Xli wanted immediately. National Bottling CO.,
337 Waller st. ■
\». r ANTED-BOY 14 YEARS OLD: MUST
»» speak German. 733 Market, Opp. Grant aye.
MAR WANTED TO SEIL MILK ON COM.-
mission: references. L. P., box 170. Call. '
IV,' ANTED— BOY OF 18 OR 20 WHO UNDER-
"" stands care of horses. 1327 Mission st.
ARB R WANTED. 623 CLAY ST.; CALL
at 8 o'clock.
Wf ANTED — WAITER. 17 WASHINGTON
"' street. .
r AITER WAN ED: YOUNG MAN FOR
'» restaurant. 438 Hayes st. .
A PPRENTICE TO A BARBER; GOOD AD-
A vantages offered. Apply 325 Bryant.
Vl r ANTED— WAITER. 606 KEARNEY ST.
OARBEK-SHOP, $125; 4 LIVING-ROOMS;
!-> rent only $10. Apply Call Office.
Wu-OH AIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SaL~E
X cheap; eood location. 416 Hayes st.
U,' ANTED-CLOTHING-CUTTER. 20 SAN-
"" some st.
\\T ILL PAY GOOD SALARIES TO FIRST-
' » class solicitors. Call 2 to 6, 927 Market St.,
room 222. .
BOYS BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 sutter su
ft IJO 2-CHAIR BARBER SHOP: GOOD
tip Li I/, location; receipts $16 a week; rent
$10; a trial given. 24 Montgomery st, room 1.
1 Ift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 U The Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
fPO PROCURE AND SELL YOUR PATENTS
1 quickly. Hall of Inventions. 215 Sansome st.
OYS' $85 BICYCLE, »20 CASH PRIZES,
free to boys selling greater number Eat-a-
horse cough drops before March 1: big profits,
quick sellers. Call after H. 989 Howard st., rm. 20.
' Ei-CKUIIB WANTED *OR THE U. S. MA-
-Lv rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are Citizens of the United Slates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such; must be of good character and habits
I arid able to speak, read »nd write English and be
1 between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Ellis ai.. San Francisco, Cal. '
MEN WANTED TO JOIN THE SOUTH SEA
Island expedition; membership $50: perma-
nent homes on the co-operative plan; will sail in
the:r own vessel: membership-books will close
shortly. Apply 547 Mission st.
TENOGRAPHIC SPEED CLUB NOW BEING
O organized at Heald's Business college, 24 Pos:
St.: the club will meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday); club fees $1 50 a month.
ARBKRb' PKOi'KCTI Vii UNION EMPLOY-
J> ment secretary. CONRAD 'IROELL. fcs7Cl"»?
ARBERs-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J> P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. fI'CHS, 325 Grant ava.
TOURNKYMEN BARKERS' KMPLO YM.-INT
t) wretarv .H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st.
! I U:HUHUU>h, 863V 3 MARKET ST.— jßoomsj
XJ 20c, 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 wees.
IF YOU ARE AN- ACTIVE MAN AND WILL
ing 10 work and deposit $10; «c can guarantee
positively $25 per week. 215 Sansome, room 11.
Oti ft MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_«c)l O want ads taken for THE CALL.
DOOMS 160 TO 75c Pj-.R NlGJdi; 50c TO $1 60
Xt per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
0 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
\\T . NTED— 4 MEN TO SOLICIT ON A NEW
»» plan; no goods to carry; salary If preferred.
156 Fifth st.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
0 our own make: $1 75. 959 Howard, nr. Mxih.
VITANTiuD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• * to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150
large rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 rer wee*.
; ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION -■ i-OR
' '* Tee: Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis. . .
ANTED. To COLLECT WAOESDUK LABOR
»-ri>&clerK*. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 sut:»r
OCIQ MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-olOths Call; subscriptions and want ada
taken.
IV SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N TO i.ET BOT-
J. tie beer or wine sc : be si free lunch. 643 Clay.
riIUY ACME UOUSK, »07 ilAßlilil si., BK-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: *5e a night; $1 1 w«;.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST SINGLE FUR-
nished rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
IpOR FULL AND CLEAN 10c .MKAL OB
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 13V& Grant aye.
E^T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pariric House, Commercial and l.eldesdorrT sts.
\Y INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» MarKe:: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and bazgage to and from the ferry.
I t-\l \ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
J VM ' and 20c a nlgnu including coffee and rolls. -
624 Washington st. . near Kearn.'.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OK
it come simple thing to patent* Protect your
ideas: they may brine you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $180U prian
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\,V ANTED— SINGLE. ROOMS. 16c A DAY: $1
» ' week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
M shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day caa have their sboes repaired
at night while you wait: laaies' soling, 35c; men 1 1
eollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water, as I
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up v
$2 50. 562 Mission St.. bet. First s:. and Second st.
ACiKN'Ta t>ANTKD.
AGENTS FOR MERCHANT TAILORING ES
xV tab ishrnent; only experienced need apply.
625 Geary st. ,
» GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
xV publication since Grant's book Is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections" ; every one wants
the book written by the commander-ln-chlef of the
United States army; first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whitaker <fc Ray Company.
723 Market it. «
FLATS WANTED.
ttnfu~rnTsh e iToRT FitiTN ishbd^lat7~3'
vJ 4or 5 rooms, kitchen, bath: cheap: iocated
bet. Mason and Octavia. Hayes and Post sis.: by
steady ten nts. S. C A RO, room 9, Thelai b dg. .
KOOMS WAMIKU,
INGI^7?E^T~wTNT^I^^I~FUR^ I SH ED
for light housekeeping west of Fifth St.: pri-
vate family preferred; state price. Address H.,
box 73, Call Office.
BOARDING WASTED.
LADY WISHES ROOM AND BOARD IN RE-
XJ spectable private family: would prefer room
unfurnished; price $18, references. Address S.
J., box 103. Call Office.
BOARD FOB CHILDREN WANTED.
B~~C)ATnD'wXNTKirrN~Ri£FINT^^
family: only with mother's care, for boy
and girl; ages 6 and 3 years: references wanted
and given. J. A. * , box 108. Call office.
\V A> I 1) - ailSCiiLjLA>iiOiJ3.
titlll^ Ikxc^^ge~~~guTtar^ violin^
11 mandolin Danjo, tor dressmaking or millin-
ery. M., box 91, Call Office. '_^__
ANTED— ■r.COND-HASD GASOLINE EN-
glne, 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 114, Call Office.
UILDINUS l,Ui; LUMBER. SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission K.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW-
eI ry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st : send postal.
CAitFKT Ci,JiANXNCr.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mar. 38 and 40 Ki'hth at. ; telephone South 260.
W HEN YOU BECOME DItGU.VI'EO WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; lei. So. 40.
C-<ARPETS CLEANED RENOVATKD LIKE
- new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
J" E. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEAMNtI CO :
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. ?V.
pARPET-CLEANING, 3c; LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 8th st.
GONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORK*
V ' 3"3 Oolden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
T /, i KIjY CALL ' sent to r - n y «»«JreBB In the
United states or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ruYsiciANs. r~"
TiR^S- C. b'DON NEL V 1206 JIAeTeV co£
U uoldenGate ay. ; diseases 01 women a specialty.
riOFFEE SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
\J must be sold. DECK EP-. 1020 Market st.
®Qt\i\ A MANIFACI RI^G BUSINESS;
«ibolM>. large profit. ap. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
PARTNER; PHOTOGRAPHER PREFEU-
Xred: established photo developing »nd flnlsh-
ing: $26') required. DKCK . R. l"20 Market st.
dhOCA STATIONERY, CANDY AND No-
OOU tlon s:ore. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
©1 nr FOR SALE OR WILL 'JAKE PART-
<jp I 10. ner, Mission nursery, with «-room
house. A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
ANTED AT ACTIVE PARTNER
In established, pnyins general agency busi-
ness; 960 a month salary and share of profits;
only $75 cash; balance can be paid out of busi-
ness; full valire in sight. 215 Sansome, room 11.
fljQfr A STEADY AND RELIABLE MAN IN
«IpOt7v/. general contracting business; no for-
mer experience necessary; no risk: plenty of con-
tracts; too much for one man. L. M., box 130,
this office.
"PRACTICAL MECHANIC AND INVENTOR
I. wants pirtner with a few hundred dollars to
assist in testing and patenting an invention; that
promises a fortune. Address S. R., hox 91, C.-i I.
ESTAURANT— TO SETTLE ESTAT' oV
which I am administrator; No 1 location; a
bargain If gold to-d.iy: call early. 1136 ission su
T>UTCHER - SHOP: ESTABLISHED BUSI-
JIJ ness; for sile cheap Apply New Klectrio
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth st . neir Castro.
©OHO SALOON: BARGAIN; HOOD LOlA-
tlbt/UU. tlon- good flxt 1 r»s; wood business. In-
quire McIjEOP <fc HATJE 517 Market st.
i" >OR SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BUsi:
r ne-s: owner going to Alaska; no agents. Ad-
dress Call Office. '
DARTNER IN GOOD CASH BT'SIXESS;
X good outside trade; small capital. .8 I Foot a.
A LOON POR SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR
O brewery. 1431 Pacific st. ■
"PRINTING MATERIAL FOR sale CHEAP
X at 8 Montgomery aye.. room 14.
O A LOON FOR SALE, 3398 MISSION ST.,
0 northwest corner Thlr;leth.
TTERY CHEAP; CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth St., corner Clara.
"PRACTICAL MAN WITH SEVERAL THOU-
r sand dollars wanted to engage in the develop-
ment of a valuable production for building and
manufacturing purposes. Full particulars by ai-
dressing G. G., box 67, Call.
LIR T-CLASS RETAIL BUTCHER- SHOP
V for sale; fine location: paying well: good lease:
low rent; good horses, wagons, etc.: everything
first class. For particulars cail or address Butcher
2924 lay st. ' .
VOR SALE— TAM ALE PARLOR; CENTRAL-
r ly located: pays $80 clear; nicely fitted; $350;
full investigation given. Box 8. Call Office, Oak-
land.
f-OR SALE— AT A BARGAIN,/ THE STOCK
fixtures and good will of the Senator saloon,
124 Geary st. Apply at premises bet. 2 and 6 p.m.
OR SALE— RESTAURANT .HAT IS DOINU
-F a steady and fair business; rent moderate; lo-
cation good. Call at 654 Mission, about price.
(J_ I (\(\ RESTAURANT, BAKERY AND
«]P 1 \f\J. living-rooms: must sell quick; other
business; no agents. a., box 77, Call office.
(_ rr - COFFEE PARLOR] NEAR CAR-
•3*. I O. house: cheap rent. Inquire 1200 Webster.
pROCERYANDBAR; $750: 3- YEAR LEASE.
VJT HILBERT BROS., tor. Powell and Ells sts.
T> AURANT IN G~o"o"d" LOCATION
Xi clears $100 per month. 642 Clay st.
1 - ENTLEMAN PARTNER WAN BY
vJT young widow of means. 104 Mason st.
OB PRINTING OFFICE; COST 500; A.
bargain, $850. . 4 California St., room 5.
or 1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
—•J 1 0 want ads taken for Thk Call.
OR SALE— CHEAP: AN ELEGANTLY
fitted up restaurant. R., box 163. _
1 QXQ HOWARD — FINE CIGAR-STAND;
1 OOP good location: cheap rent. .
QQQ HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
ODV Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
pAPITA IsT TO' INTEREST HIMSELF A3
V^ partner (dormant or active) in import and ex-
port business wl:h Cent America and Orient.
Address & X., box 79, call Omce. .■ „
YSTER, COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; A
desirable place of business; neatly fitted up;
rent reasonable, with lease. 21 Vi Ninth st.
LOR SALE— MARKET-ST. SALOON; GREAT
X I bargain. Inquire at NABER, ALt'S &
BRUNE'S, 323 Market St.
"PARTNER IN WINE AND liquor busi-
X ness: goodoot^ide trade: small capital: good
chance. Call 820 Valencia st.
<J_OAA VERY CHEAP: A NEAT SALOON;
tjr-»V/l/. low rent: good location. Inquire 120
Montgomery aye.
/1 ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE CHEAP
V.T on account of other business; no opposition.
Apply this office.
fIJ-OAfl FRUITSTORE; FINE LOCATION;
<jp£.\j\j. good opportunity. H.. box 73, « aiL
O/l fl\ CO -LVARD FOR SALU, OK
--Ttl.v/ lease without stock. . ;-.-■■
< 1 £kH saloon , for -ALE; 3 living-
fJrlOKJ. rooms: rent $22 50 651 Mission st.
W ANT ED-PA it IN WITH $luoo IN ES-
• ' tabiisbed business. 510 Second st.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A.
VJ lady of means, doom a, 223 Post st.
O CARPENTERS AND JULLMtX- TO A
practical man a first-class opportunity presents
itself to establish a paying business In a location
where there will be practically a monopoly of mill-
work and building: cash required $2000. For par-
ticulars see CHAS. W. POPE, room 48, Crocker
building.
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
sell V 3 interest in its property and business for
$8000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mlnlnjr, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Randsburg, Cal.
AIRY PRODUCE ROUTE, HORSE AND
wagon, for sale cheap account of other bust-
ness. Apply 52 Sf Tenth st.
UTCHEK - SHOP ; ESTABLISHED BUSl-
ness: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, 4086 Twenty-fourth St., near Castro. 1
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
X grocery for spot cash address V.. box 120. Call.
Q» •J|W"| RKSTAURANT: OOtJT $600: BAR-
tJpOUV/. gain; rooms; no agents. R., box 18, Call.'
'liWSl'AFKKlioU'i'K IN iNTKKIOR CITY.
1 I close to «_u i'r»ucl3to. twe particulars appi?
this office.
V* ' ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A.
; "' grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V.. box 39. Call Office.
Of I A PARTNER WASTE.'; SALOON;
(jpAUv. open day and night lor many years; la
center of city. Call Office.
1' TOR BAL A LOT R ESTAUBANT. CALIi
. 1429 Market St.
UTCHER-SHOP- AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
Xt stand: good reasons for selling. F. F,, box 21,
Call Office.
<2»_j-/\ CHOPHOUSE CLEARING $200 PER ,
tJptt*JU. month; central location. Apply Call.
pORNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
V^ business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
<s»Q<rf» PA VI NO CIG AR-STO OTHER
«IDO«Jl.». business.- Inquire 1001 Mission St.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V./' WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
me free.
i-ODtilNti-HOIISKS IOK SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS ,
27-room bouse $700 22- room house... $500
10- room house.. 150 i 24 rooms, corner. 7&0
65 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sntter. 700
II rs., must sell 20 - 66 mis, best .3,500
H. C. DECKKR, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
4_ Q= l\ 11 ROOMS; SUNNY CORNER;
tJ»r>«Jl'. rooms all rented. For sale by H. C
DECKER, 1020 Market at. |
00-ROOM HOUSE ON POST ->TREET AT
_._J your own 1 rice. DECK r it. 3020 Market it.
10 ROOMS -> It. Va.n .M..« iVfc.; *100
. cash, ba.anco easy terms: price $450.
SPECK * CO., 602 Market SL
3:> ROOMS NR. sEW CITY HALL; ONLY
. $1000. >P. CX <feCO.. 602 Market st.
A 40 ROOMS; PRESENT OWNER CLEARED
- $3000: $1000 down, or . xchansse for home
In Oakland or Alaueda; price $2500. SJ'ECK Jt.
CO.. 602 Market si.
GREAT BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES
this week; 150 houses, from $200 to $3000.
UNDERWOOD A CO., 766 Market sU
\X,'V. WANT BRANCH HOUSE MANAGERS
»» in larg» towns. | Men who mean business and
want large returns on small outlay may audress
CARL, box 91, Call Office.
FINE LODGING- KOtJS«C: 32 ROOMS; ONE
of the best locations in the city: satisfactory
reasons for selling. 704 Howard st., cor. Third.
T O.iGING-HOUSE. 1 ROOMS; SUNNY;
4-* corner: making monay: .-acrlflce: owner leav-
Ing city for the south: see i:. Apply 217 Second st.
«at7(|n 21 ROOMS; ■ AL.. ON OAK FLOOR;
■ <1P I \J\J. doing good business Apply Call Office.
ODGING-HoUSE-FOR SALE— 36 ROOMS,"
617 Mission at., cheap.
'JO >URNIsHEI) ROoMs FOR <* ALE CHEAP,
•—vJ on account of departure 9J6 Howard st.
itHSii'Li.i. it.,., .-a
Jl)|l iAlil-..1>. CHA_IJ4_.K oaks, $i t .
?,y v stoves. $5; parlor sets, 830; toldinz-bedi!
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission!
A'l L. J NEIM A N N >. Jl7 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household roods: new or gooj
us new: caa . or on lime: opeu t'V(*nlni£s.
KOn F UIiTH-FUh.NIIUKE OF HOUSE 6
"tl" rooms and bath; reasonable-,
j< VCKIKUHAM FURNJTtKE CO.— LOWEST
i ■ prlcrs; furniture, carp^ -i: a.l railei 866 MUVn
a L KM IT U \, ANTE 0.
TPURNITIRE, STOVES. CAR PETS, Market
ilby Indiana Auction C 0.1057 I^^- 1 "
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNr-.'notrsK 1 ? to let.
-I 'A HOUSES; GREAT BARGAINS THIS
J »)U week; flu est list in city. L'.XDERWOOD
&CO-, 765 Market sU
7{- GOLUEN GATE . VK.. XEAR VAN
A.O Ness- Kent reduced from $55 io $45- fine
batwrndow house; « rooms; suitable for a doctor.
T# ( 'i AND 1707 MASQN-4 AND S ROOMS:
\si\)O \a\\ andsl3; painted; renovated; cable
passes.' '- •
H, SB 8 BOOMS-. YARD: FINE VIKW
Lombard st , rear Hyde; rent $16.
fl£O j ■ ITNA;l T NA; HOUSE e KOOIK '
C-''- $.16-1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
fit— lB3B Union: 4 rooms. . s "
9V? ~ t CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR PIERCE-fl
_' - 'rooms, bath; basement with laundry-
rpnt $30. * '
r KOl>Msi; " ->-33b SKCOND ST.; $15 Fkm
0 mouth. Key at 539 econd st.
/7*~ROOM ; 5378 Sr.CoM> &T.; 817 i'lu
i mo ith. Key at, 539 Second st.
'c ROOMS; Nfc w _, HOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 provements; 4a l-edera s .; $15 per month to
dry: rub c tenants. Key at 689 .-econdst. '
|J VT> «■■•■* 1 0 UtN I Fort VKK V iitti m-
XI money at EAi4nvl.\ *. HAAtMONJj'si 1?
v, r-.-orver-.- St. «
fI'ByiSHED houses.
SISHKD HODSK OF 10 ROOMS AND
J hath for sale. 622 Sacramento st.
COTXAiiKS lo JLJiT.
01 X NICE COTTAGE > 5 BOOMS; BATH;
'- snany; yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
<]() I Oft AUK; N. aIDKOF TWENTIETH
C'»- st., near Ca-ti ro.
HKMsHJiIi FLATS.
a ROOMS OF FLAT; NICELY FUB»
n for housekeeping. 1023 B II- st.
a LAIS iv l*k.T.
NICK BAY-WIHDOW JFXaT, 4 BOOMS 1!
■i-' Moss st.% bet. Sixth and Seventh, nr. Howard.
*>O«^l I CALIFORNIA, KEY 2818—6 SUN
*-<->— V/ room,s and bath; modern; rent $:-(0.
SUNNY PLAT NICELY FURNISHED. 706
k? Van Ness aye.
'&I 7 UPPER FLAT, 6 BOOMS. il'rLY '2643
0 « • Bryant St., near Twentv-liith. .
"1 9 1 O KDDY ST.— 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
■lylO furniture for sale cheap. ■
*T • v OHOVE ST., NEAR GOUGH— SUNNY
€|UU flat. 5 rooms and bath.
Convenient 5-room flat; BATH. COR.
\J ncr Nineteenth and Hartford sts : Castro car^
OTA FOLSOM— IO SUNNY ROOMS; RKN'I
0I V $22; water free, UiIBSEN, 14 Momgom
cry st.
1 <T.)vb BUSH— NE\VIiIODERN FLAT OF~f
X' — — sunny rooms; all conveniences; rem
moderate. .
I^LAT; .5 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT
' $15 per/month; litJlO^ Mission st, Apply b4-
Capp m.
MODERN 6-BOO.M FLAT. 1617 GROVE ST.
rent reasonable.
/♦ I r McALi.ISTKIi-1 FLAT OF 7 ROOM:
\J±O und bath: i'2s.
ANT GOOD TENANT: HALF MoKTJU
'» free: 4 rooms; tain; $10. 1063% Broadway.
AXUSu.\jE SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS; MOD
. crn Improvements. 3630 Nineteenth st.
GOOD TENANT — WE WANT YOU AND ARE
willing to allow you inducemeits to get you
rail for list. A. M. »PKIK & CO., tiO'J Market
\Th\V BUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 BOOMS; 317£
-i.> 25th, cor,Folsom. J. A.ULRICH.4I rocker bl
%1 |1 fUTTJiK — KICK bUNNY UPPEB
*-»11a flat; newly papered: yard: $15.
f<99 AND 624 HAIGHT ST.— FLATS OF 6
v.' — — anil 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent toguoi
tenant. Apply to 1838 Ellis si.
NICE FLATS;' 4 GOOD ROOM-* EACH
cheap rent. 524 Sixth St., near Bryant.
91 - G-KARV —4 UNFLRM^HKD BOUMs
~-i-±J suitable for business Key 217 Geary St.
1A- FELL —'2 FLATS, 4 ROOMS EACH
Out) balh, large basement and yards; Si:
mnd $16-
V ,\>r) FULTON— EXIRA FINK Ni-W L Fl'EI
It:Z. flat 7 rooms; Dath; $35.
Q in AND $20: MODKRN FLATS. 5 AND (
C ' O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher St., near S. em
Fill more.
4 -ROOM' FLA : FtDEttjU, PLACE. OFF FED
"x eral St.: to a tenant without children: $10 pel
month. Key at 639 >econd st.
C. 1 |■■ LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS
ijH. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth St., bet
Noe'and Sanchez.
f)*J PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALf
— O block from Market— Lovely sunny uppei
modern 5- room flat: rent $15; water fr?e.
HEAP ■ SIODKRN FLATS, 5 AND €
rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 a Seventh st.
-LATH TO rTi.NT FOX VJCKY UTTLK
' money at E.UUWIJ <x HAALM.ONI/=k 10
Wj t teamen Rt.
W~. vVEtK S NEWS FOX 5 CENTS— TIiB
■A WF.EKLY CALL. la wrapper, tor mailing.
Clay Street.
1 nor. CLAY — SUNXy" FRONT ROOMS:
AOGiJ closets, barn; convenient: furnished oi
Unfurnished: low rent; single lurnished room, $5
a l.iii streei.
Q()' FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE
jjZdO keeping: single. g5 to f7: 3. $13.
Q1 A FIF H — SUNNY FUONT BAY-WIN
Ol '1 dowroom; kitchen; bath; no children: $12
, unun Street.
■i -l n FULTON— LARUE LIGHT HOUSE
1 J O keeping room cheap.
•li/- FULTON — LARGE sunny from
J. 1 D room: good for housekeeping: complete.
iiunard S.ree..
rrr\ a Howard, COR. third— finely fur
I U'x nished rooms: also sunny housekeeping.
rr I HO ■• ARD— EIEGAKT. FL'iINISHEI
I I tl rooms for light housekeeping
oeitKie >tre«..
37Q JESSIE HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS
I O tomo:e:ely furnished, 87 and 9.
770T1~J NEAJi lsi.Vr.NTH— 4 BOOMS;
DZla rent $9. .
•tones Street.
«T)f\ZO JOXEF, COR. FILBERT-3OR4MT-V
itUoO ny unfurnished rooms; conveniences
▼cry cheap.
A.iu-kin Si roe;.
-if>QLARKIN— SUNN Y;FURNISHED ROOMS
rx^tV complete for housekeeping; terms mod.
IAI LEA VENWOKTIf-1 MEDIUM-SIZED
l\'l 'J sunny unfurnished room: rent $5.
McAllister Street.
499 MCALLISTER ST. —HOUSEKEEPING
ti- rooms; also front room.
Minim Street.
CQ/f MINNA— NICE HUNNY FRONT ROOM;
tJ')7 suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife:
for light housekeeping.
illusion btreet.
9 ~')(\ MIS^ioX-2 OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING
■\y — " rooms: sunny.
Montgomery Street.
cor MONTGOMERY. COP.. CLAY — OPEN
, *J£ I ontil 9:3 o'clock: branch office of ThS
Call: subscriptions and want ads take.i.
liass .Street.
1 1 RUSB ST., OFF HOWARD, XR. SIXTH-
iIU2or 3 farnlsned rooms, bousek eping.
' . - ' Taylor Street.
nOQ TAYLOR— WILL RENT 2 XICE # BOOMBi
jL*)O basement: sultaDl • for light business.
. i.jiu m en
1«Q THIRD — SUNNY nOUSFKEEPIXG
J riO rooms; comp ete: first floor: bam: gas.
o£qthii.d-laroe sunny front room,
*-O»Jfuriilshi d for housekeeping, and single.
ViQTHIBD. i 08. SOUTH PARK-FUR
tJxO nished housekeeping rooms.
iwollth Street.
1 An TWELFTH— LARGE AND WKLL-FUR-
f I it) clsht-d housekeeping rooms; recently ren-
o vated.
>ut >esa A vena*.
r 1 Q VAN NESS— SUXNY PARLOR FLOOR;
•JIO unfurmsned; $20; also furni-hed s ite.
'] AO 1 VAX -NESS AYE.— SUN AY SUITE, 2
1 yj— ' rooms and kitchen, gas range; complete;
rent $22 50.
IiOU.MS TO LEI.
Antonio Street.
■li ANTONIO— NJL.E LARGE FRONT ROOM
XI per month «6. ■
Buchanan Street.
to BUCHANAN -SUNNY (AY-WINDOW
1. and kitchen. »1 3 60; 3 rooms. 916. '
Clementina cctreet.
CLEMENTINA, BET. FIRST AND SEC
v*- ond— s unfurnished looms to let. »__
i^udy Street.
QA7 EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM; GAS;
OU I bath: low rent: private inmily.
' ' ,110 KDDY— GOOD ROOM AND BOARD FOR
4J & US. .■...:■•.
1 1 'JA KDDY, OPH JKKFERSON SQUARE-
JIOU Elegantly famished large bay- window
looms; references required. MSB
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
, Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 St.. near Market: iurnished and unfurnished.
i-lli-i Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IN'CANDKS-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining dai.y pai ers: "smoking-room and laales'
parlor; open all nUlit; rooms per night. 35c to
$1 su: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; fire es-
capes; elevator on office Boor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hot and cold water In each room: bat.is.
rTHK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
i iIART. nianaser— A quiet hou-e: centrally lo-
cated; newlyfnrnished: e.t-vator; hot & cold water.
IOQ KLUS— NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
-XjLO lor.-* a d other sonny single rooms: cheap.
mi ELLIS-LARGK SUNNY R'« M IN PRI-
IZL vate family; soltable for 1 or 2; rent $7.
Hull >. 100..
1 dl FIFTH— PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
J. U i rooms to leu
1 I FIFTH-CARNARVON CA*>TLK: NICE-
IUV/ly furnisaeS rooms by day or week; from
81 '25 up per week. - ■ ■
Fifteen li Street.
1 "OO FIFTEENTH— 2 NICE SUNNY FUR-
-1 V)ZtO nlshed rooms for light housekeeping. In-
quire grocery store, 1858 Howard st.
i olsom street.
1 rr n FOLSOM, OR. TWELFTH — FOUR
xOu\) unfurnished rooms, with bath.
1 ourth Street.
n-t (* A FOURTH — N~K~W L V FaBNISHED
Dl D' sunny rooms, with grate; new building.
O«.-Jiry Street.
-i OAI GEARY— SUNNY SUITES; GOOD FOR
1 l\)-i office.
A<r}{\ GEARY— LARGK SUNNY FRONT AL-
"i.-v cove suite; also single room: running water.
AOO GEARY—SINGLE SUNNY BOOM FOR
tIOO gentleman: rent reasonable.
Qi\] GEARY— NEW '.Y FURNISHED
Ov/ 1 rooms: cential: new corner flat.
ono GEARY, COR. HYDE— FROST ALCOVE
OUiJ room; newiy furnished.
ooiuen iisTo .-.»<- ii uo.
pop GOLDEN GATE— SMALL SUNNY HALL
DOD bedroom, suitable for gentleman: $5.
qa.j GOLDEN GATE AYE.— OVE AND
OUO kitchen for housekeeping: other rooms.
-i ♦>'-)/» GOLDEN ATE— -UNNY ROOMS;
JLZOU finely furnished; terms reasonable.
i.uuuril >irt«i..
f»OQ HOWARD— DOUBLE AND SINGLE;
\3j£o well furn. shed; rent reduced.
/.a- HOWARD — LARGE FRONT AND
DO i other rooms; furnished, with stove: cheap.
mii HOWARD-NICE -UN N V front
i J.\J rooms for private family.
nt'-\ 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
lOla sun:y bay-window; other double and
single room
(,Q HI.WAED, CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
OCfJ furnished suites $3 50 a week; sin si ■ beds,
$1 25t05l 50: double beds, $1 50 to $2 60 a wee*
USSY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
parlor: bay-window; good for a dressmaker.
Call at 1052 Howard at.
Hyde Street.
SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
parlor: bay-window; good for a dressmaker.
Call at 105.' Howard St.
Jones Street.
9H7 •■'OSE9-THK VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I management; elegant sunny suites and
single -. newly furnished: ba:n, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kcurny Street,
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-.v Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in ever, respect; term* reasonable.
VtWAVh.MKIiUI'SK, 904 KEAHNY ST..
Xi corner Jackson— single rooms 16, 20, 25. 50
cents per niaht: special rates per week or month.
Leaven worth Street.
m LEAVEN WORTH — SUNNY SUITE,
parlors; also froal alcove room; rent very
reasonable.
Lewis Street.
•1 n LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. TOST— TWO
I J- D unfurnished rooms, $8 or three $10.
Aiaiket Street.
707 MARKET— ELEGANT SUITES AND
I O • single: newly furnished and carpeted.
Q-rv MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— HAND
Ot)\J somely furnished suite, suitable for office
or living purposes; terms reasonable.
V*iObfc.MJl ■*. iiOU.-J-.. lU4.> .MAKKtr-rbH i
1 ulpht. S&o to SI : week. 91 SU to 85: famlllna.
jlitAuiKier kWNii -
"1 C MCALLISTER— SUNNY ROOM': LARGE
«.) X closet; hot and cold water; reasonable;
gentleman only.
1 fVQzI MCALLISTER— SUNNY FURNISHED
1 V/OI front room: use of bath: rent, $5.
JlcLea Court.
T ARGE FRONT ROOM. FURNISHED OR
Jj unfurnished; bath, fireplace: In private fam-
ily: terms reasonable. HVis McLea court, off
Ninth su .■ ---.--" - : - ':-
31 inn Street.
OaC* MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
ouU ny single room*; also double room; cheap.
CfO'T MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
DO I furnished bay-window rooms, $1 a weec.
.Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family roomfng-hcuse: $1 60 to $6 per week.
Moss Street. \.
OQI MOS.«, NEAR ±OLSOM— FURNISHED
t»*4 large front room; grate.
>s4iouia Street.
7AI NATOMA, NEAR EIGHTH — ROOMS
i UK for housekeeping: also single.
o'i' «rre 1 1 .iu<w..
/iq-l O'FARRELI, — LARGE FRONT ROOM,
trOX suitable for 2 gentlemen; breakfast if de-
sired.
I'm* Street.
£»O-| PINE — ROOMS; $5 UP; RUNNING
D^X water; sunny; quiet: grate.
1 vik Mree..
991 POLK— 2 NTCKLY FURNISHED BUN-
-^— 1 ny rooms; $7 and $8 a month; single or
double.
Post Street.
9901 POST (THE DOMUB)— SUNNY FTR.
— £( .•£ nished rooms; fine location; reasopaDie.
Sansome Street. •
Q-I -: SANSOME — NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
C 1 ') newly furnished, $3 and up; housekeeping
rooms. '
beconfl Street:.
07 SECOND— WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
r 9 SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS $1 50 TO $3 a
UZj week; single $1 to $1 50: nicht 25c to 60c.
11- SECOND — CLEAN aIKY ROOMS,
lit) single and double, $1 per week np. V.
Sixth Street.
1 Ql SIXTH— NICE bUNNY FRONT SUITE,
104 suitable for bath or manicuring; cheap.
QQ SIXTH — QIU JST SUNNY ELEGANT
OO rooms: <U1 conveniences; fireproof building.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 »IXIH- OPEN
a 1 uigh, rooms: 25c to $1 per niKhu $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
91 K 1 SIXTH— NICE LARGE FRONT ROOMS
juA.\j% to rent, cheap; also sunny back room 3.
Stockton street.
ITIHE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
X nished rooms, en suite or single; hot. cold water
k> every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
■ t.ier tret) •
Q-l RUTTEU, OPP. UNIVERSITY CLUB—
I OX Newly furnishe I front alcove room for 1 or
2 gentlemen; breakfast if desired.
Tenth Street.
•1 Or TENTH-BRIGHT SUNNY ROOM; QMS
IZ.O and bath: $5.
Turk Street,
9 SUNNY BOOMh" RENT $5; PRIVATE
— family; gas, bath- 242 '1 uric st. '
Twelfth Street.
OOC TWELFTH— 4 SUNNY ROOMS AND
dot) bath; rent $16. Apply 19 I gig.
\ u».. ;>o-.« ,\veua».
r-r\eyi VAN NESB~TVE.-SUNNY FRONT
I \)£'Z bay-window room, with grate; also two
other rooms, cheap. '-;
It\U VAN NESS AVi-. — FURNISHED
I UO rooms: $B and up; housekeeping privileges.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tex Caiju Subscriptions and
want ads taken. '
A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THIS
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ac Iree^ , ■ - -
BOABDINO AND KOOM3.
'T : p9^DDY^LOVELY sunn^ pXrlors
trX^ and other rooms, with board: $20 np.
Qf\^ LJtAV EN WUR'iH — ISUNNY C RNEK
OV/1 suites; single; "excellent table; rates mod.
OT*-L BKRTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
,'iotel ; iclerecces ; all modern con venlences. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ELDEKLV LADY WISHES, CHILD TO
S-J board ; no other children. 238 Seventh, rear.
\V ANTEU-LITILk. HIR~" To BOARD; 5
*» years old: $10 month. 116 a Eleventh st.
A MOIHi.H'S P£KSjK.»L CAKK; SUNNY,
-«Tk- healthful rooms; dry, sandy yard; wholesome
food; reasonable terms. E. I., box 72.
tXOKEi :,» LET.
(\A.Z\ NATOUA - STORE AND 2 ROOMS,
\J*±O grocery and saloon; $12
©O(U\ 6 POST— HALF OF RENT;
t£)Oyi\J. reasonable terms to desirable party. - ■
STORE AND 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
for dressmaker: sunny belt: $16 per month;
2610 Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st.
J 1 I' FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
"110 in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMESEN
<fc Co., 14 Montgomery st.
AKBEK-SHUP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
i-> Hshed 16yearj; $18 per mouth; key at 639
second st.
tarpente'r-'»hop; $7 per month. 6 De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ond st. - ■-. ,
P umblng-shop; $B per month. 3 Boom at. ;
key at 539 Second st. ' . * ■ •
Corm-r s-ore, 531 fcecond st.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st. , .
AT LOW KENT— PART. Oi' STORE AND
ba-em^nc. 324 Post s:.
OFFICES X»J ;l,1;T.
SUNNY, nickly^XkkanTTeij officers
0 suitable doctors or dentists; alterations made
to suit tenants, 14 Third si.
ESK ROOM. WITH FILL UsE OF OFFICE:
rent *5. Apply 509 Kearny St., room 8.
LKiiANTLY FUK N I HE D SUNNY
offices lor doctors or dentists; central. 4£6
Sutler su
1 J\f\W MARKET— ELEGANT SUNNY UN-
-»- «J^Cfurnis .ed ofßces;sultabledoctor or dentist
DESK ROOM, WITH FULL USE OF OFFICE;
rent $5. Apply 50a X amy bu, room 8. .
MJ£I>ICAIh
DR. J. H. JO^S ELY N , THE G BEATSPEC I A~Z- '
Ist, still offers his valuable services ■ o ihe uu-
fortnnale. U t.li a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills ha cannot
treat to a pe. feet cure. Ladies, he is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
toyourdelic te organism Is be ond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure aud
safe In their effects. H.s" tried and valuable rente-
dii for lost manhood are never-fail;iig in their
action, and are warranted tor both vomit; and old.
Ha excels all other* i i cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors, 906
Market at. Call or write direct to 906 Market »t.,
rooms 11 and 12. '
A SCKi'.. SAFE AM) SPEED t CURE FOR
-■ V- all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with b- st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. OWYKB.
226 lurk su
ASf.vV HKMKDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
-<■»■ harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well; travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home In con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister su,
next Hibemia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7 10 8 p. v.
\ I-KOCKSS THAT NEVKR JrAIL-STOKK-
A store every case of monthly sickness from
woaiever causa in a few hours when medicines
end others have failed; no instruments used:
cany years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-ciaas privata
home for confinement. MRS. D I;. I,'Auil, lliii
Market St., over the Owl Drug tetore.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INsTßU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician for ah Jemale troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day ;can be
sent and used at home; a I canes guaranteed : do
not trust Incompetent female physic aus- Dii.
POPPER, the we 1-k iowu pioneer, 818 Kearny st.
DR. FOOL hi" « FRKNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma. what cause): positively safe and
sure; no aang r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per box;
(tent free by mail on receipt ut price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. .
DR. AND MRS. WEGENKR. 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separat •
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated: regular physician:
quick relief for tiavelers; best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation fro-: pills $2.
LL casks of MONTHLY SUPPRESSION i
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
ment: consult free: confidential: hour*. 10 o 5.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 91ti Pout St., near Larktn.
KB. t.OODWIN, SPKCIALIST: LADIKS,
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
diiexis--' or complaint: home for patients . best skill;
tree diagnosis: iow ices: gelt cure. 904 McAllister
LPI-.A. FRKNCH PILL?— A BOON TO
ladies with :en:a'e troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; 92 50 express V. v. Ii ; don't delay untU j
too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
A bURK CUKI-. FuR ALL ir.iHALh. Dl*
2\. eases, from whatever cause; Dome In conflas*
men: : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteevl or
money refunded. MR.-i. DR.OWYKR. 226 Turk v..
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN aT
his museum, 1051 Manet et.: his 30 years'
tnccessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. - •
ffij.' (\(\ PAIIJFOR ACAt>E 1 FAIL to cure
<£j*j\J\J of female complaints or diseases of the
eye: consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI, Geary
. VTICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
-Li at the most reasonable price In the city, illi.-i.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom St.
I\U PRAK'.-> FEMALE RhGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <fcCO..drngi?ists, 406 Clay St., sole
U F. LYING-IN (PRIVATi) HOMK; DIS
O. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9'
OME, AfRIE.vD AND MOTiiER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Mgbth St., Alameda.
1 F IRREGULAR OR AN V FKiIALK Di KA>hl
Bee AIRS. DR. I'I'KTZ and becontenu -641/2 4th,
I iR. HALL, 14 McALLIS I STREET. cAf.
St Jones. Diseases of women and children.
I*— "^ "— " ""™ "^ —"*— ~" — "— '
LOST. .
T OST OH STOLEN— SUNDAY NOON. BLACK
XJ cocker spaniel, named Jersey. Return to 5-5
Kearny st. and receive reward. EDWARDS
BROS.
OST — LITiLE WHITE FEMALE DOG:
■J leather coll r, with bell. Return to 501 Jessie
st. and receive 510 reward.
I OSi— A PASSBOOK with THE HIBER-
i > Savings and loan Society of San Fran-
cisco in the name of HAEL RuONKY, No.
186-1004. The finder will please return to bank.
O-T— ANENOLI H FOX HOUND: WHI lE,
with black ears and nose; collar, with name.
C KOOs, 14 Leaven worth St.; liberal reward.
T> ranch Office OFTIIK call. 167 ni.>th
X> St.; want ad- and subscriptions taken.
1 O-T— 4 i'A BUwKS WITH TuE HIBERNIA
Xj Savings aud Loan >o-let-' of San Francisco, In
the names of MORI HEN JOHAN-MKN. JOSEPH
F. PERINI. JOSEPH DE LA RIVIERE and
FILOMENA DE LA RIVIERE, Nos. 204,618,
188,331, 199,165 and 155,431. The finder will
please return to bank.
T OST-TIN BOX CONTAINING BANKBOOKS,
Xj mortgage-papers, deeds, pension and valuable
papers. Finder please return to 416 Biannan St.;
liberal reward: no question* asked.
OST— i'ASSROuK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of san Francisco, in
the name of JOHN BARRY, No. i.07, 363. The
finder will please return to hank.
I OST— 4IOND .V, BET. 11 TO 12, TRANS-
XJ ferring lrom W shington- t. cars to Powell,
then Post to Stockton, circular feather boa: value
us Keepsake. Send, postcard to J. OSBOBN,
2419 a (lay »t.
HOKS£S.
HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1" buggies, carls, harness; Grand Arrade Horse
Market, 327 sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN &DO V LE, Auc.ionters.
IT.lih EMPORIUM l»ALii.d \AKiJS, 220 V A-
X lencla su,. is the place to go lr you want to bay.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
p I|| I SET NKW AND t-hCO.N u-HA.NiJ UAK-
t)uu ness: all kinds: bugcy.wagon, carts, Bur.-i 7
drockawa?; 40 cheap horses. 15th anil Valenciv.
i 'HEAP— FINK HOhSE AND DUMP-CART.
\J Inquire 1232 Vallcjo st., near Hyde, In rear.
TUNE 6-YEAR-OLD MARK; SUITABLE FOR
X business or private use. 605 McAllister.
c/i HKAU DRIVING A.M' WOKiv HORSKd;
O\J weieht 1000 to 1700 lbs. Ml Howard wt.
BICYCLES.
EN^lTmis7^BA*N^^E ? Vv7^4STBARGAjNS
in second-band whee s. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, .5 Geary st. ' .
Ul; "I tm SWELL SPKCIAL CLEVELAND. IN
iJpXOU. perfect condition for 450. 405 Geary.
li:iiii>M(i.\Al- CARDS.
JOHN K. K ICHARDS, LA W BOOM*
■t) 26 and 27, Crocker bmiaiu*; ielepuoue Mjua
75, Ban Francisco, Cal.
-1 uh.\ iU AITKKN AND MAURICE L. AsHKR.
«J attys »- law. rais 515.516. titx floor, Parrott oltLi
— — — — — .
NTOKAIiK.
TOR^l^&^U^A^ES^Fl^rT^ircrT^TFniK-
proof building; advances made. . 211 Larkln.
I,>L'KNITUKJi. • PIANOS. TRUNKS; At?"
X Vances. shipping 1 HAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 foiu.
HOTELS. " .
TrmK>KLY?< HOTKL, 208-2 l;P~BU8H
■ ' board and room $1 to ' $2 per day, (6 to $12
per .week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
100 ms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
vice; ire© coacb, CHA.RL&B £lOKIGOMJ£JU,
jnr-psoNAT,*.
W IDOvV . WITH MEANS WANTS TO MAKE
'»' acquaintance of midd e-aged gentleman; ob-
ject mairimuiiy. C, box 135, Call >. filce.
—POST AND MASON STS. MONDAY AT
7:30. H.i races Tuesday.
"Tew etudents wanted BY dr. R. H.
COWAN, » hiropodist, 126 Kearny, room 24.
ENTLEMAN, WIDOW r.K. AGED 45, IN
comfortable circumstances, wishes to make
the acquaintance of a Chris lan widow; object
matrimony. Address A. F., box 45, Call office.
INGUGLIERI SOLD OUT HIS BU-I-
. ness, .ne American Poultry Depot, 517
Washing on st , and will not be responsible for any
bills contracted troiff this date.
rriHE YOUNG WOMAN
X Who has those dizzy spells, headaches, heart-
burns and other we:i-known indications of N KR V-
OUS troubles will be easily ana quickly cured by
going directly to DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAG-
NETIC BATHS. Call or address 1533 BU-
CHANAN ST., San Francisco.
V HAIKDi'KSSING SUITS THE FACE;
my prices (25c) suit the customer: my par-
lors are neat and clean and so are the attendants;
res ore pray or bleached hair to natural color.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St., nearest Geary.
ISS JAR VIS. HAIRDRESSER AND MANT.
curing, is n»w at Mme. Ruga's cosmetic par.
lo 8, 413Va nayessU: balrdresslnn any style 'Jsc
\f KTROPOLITAN ;E 1 hCT I V .-. BU XX AU,
1»X Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540
and 541- hours 9 a m. to 12 p. m. ; telephone
Mint 1471. ' ■':
ONE RIAL OF GENE'S CATARRH CURE
will convince you of its efficacy; EOc bottle, at
1533 BUCHANAN ST. . •■■
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 o'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
i 1 E TLEM A N PARTNER WANTED, WITH
w $25, by nnlncnmbered lady. 120 Ellis, r. 17-
AT.nTING, whTFk ING, PAPERING,
etc.; times are bard- must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster sU. cor. Eddy.
ETROkOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAC,
I*l Parr 'it' building (over Emporium); offices
540 aid 541; phone Mint 1471; hours 9a. v. to
Vi p. m. '
rpWO WILLOW BASKETS ADDRESSED TO
1 3.'0 sansome ft. lef forUelivery; ownerpleaga
Inquire 1200 tockton st. . ;~
DViCK FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPJl-
cialty: private no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market
EUNED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES TO
XV meet gentleman, past 40, who would assist
her: objict mxtrimony; notrifierj. MK8.R.1.,
box 67, Call office.
LISHED PAYING HAIRDRESSJNG
JIJ and stationery store, well located, for sale,
cheap, on account of sickness. J , box 18, Call. •
PAINTING AND TINTING: FURNITURE
X polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad*
dress 122 Broad St.. station L. '
1 i\i\[\ CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS, 10.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22yfr Geary St.
ASSAGK AND MAGNETIC HEALING:
ladies only; one treatment free. 407 Ociavia.
GET RID OF YOUR CATARRH BY USINQ
GEN KB Catarrh Curb. 1533 Buchanan b:.
C> I A DOiiKN — *i.Njh. <.Ai4lNr.ro Jl i 1 WIL-
«IP 1 SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market
RS^ THOMPSON, HAIRDRKB3ER AND
manicure. 7 Powell st., room 14.
nKTA SHAVE A i THE LADIKs' BARBER-
VJ shop, 757 a Howard St., near Fourth.
1 THJS PJbOPLii.'» UN*. DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea.ed and medicine* fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029^ Mar*«. »_,
Let. Sixth and Seventh. Ban Francisco. CaL
',17 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
•)— I ofTiiK.CAix: waut ads and subscriptions
taken. \
I..ARTINGTON'S fC'HUOL OF .MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine »z.' % illustrations '.ur-isned
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
V\ ILL GENTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
»' pleaseleave address a: 1215 Union st.
RUSTIC H AIRDKEs.->INU. 25c: $25 FuR
xv cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cauuot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market si., r<.om 28.
HE ANIMATOSCOPi*. ThE PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of band or motor
machines call or address Anlmatoscopa company,
933 Market st.. Ban Francisco, seventh floor.
R. C. E. FARNUM. HAS MOVED TO THE
Parroti building, ever Emporium. 8d fl., r. 003.
UPTUUK AND PILKS cU'RKD; No Pa V
until cured: send for book. DR& MANS.
FIELD & PORT ELD. BSB Market St.
\.l AGNISCOPK — NKW PROJECTING MA-
i>X chine; uses the Jtlnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 -Market St. .
ULKANKU. i-IU^SIiU, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131Mouicomerv,r. Hi ft. reJ 2374.
WALL PAPER, 40 A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
' ' ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
L.IU OUTDOOR STERHOPT4CON .-IIOW EVIS-
I > ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
EL CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
1.00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to 56 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBK'S. 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVOKCr. AND ANNULiIKNl 1 Uf MAit-
rlage^. terms of payment obllelnR; legal every-
where. rd dress lock box F, 9u« Market St., S. P.
AZOR EXCHANGE, boO MARKET— UA.SM-
• ment: fine edge put on rnzor for 25cent«.
CLOAKS, KUKS AN ii bL'ITS KKTAILKD Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
pHF.APEST ANT) BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free..
11.AI1U ANTS.
\.| ME. DR THOMAS, SCIKN fI*TC REVKAL-
i»I er by eg;s and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by synipatny; mistake im-
possible: fee 91; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larklo.
ISS VAN DE VERK, THK MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed; future
precisely loretoid; mines located; business and
love affairs a specialty; magnetist; letters an-
swered. Room 1, 1 Fifth st.
MX. HANSKN: THE BEST FUTURE SUC-
cess as-nred 25c; one price. 41 Minna st.
MELVI A, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
future husband or wife. fine. 7a i^ Howard.
ME. RAVKNA RKAD ■ LIFE FLUENTLY;
business; dvice; names Riven; 25c Fourth
\\ ME. MORKAU, BKST CLAIRVOYANT
i'l and medlnmlndty: fee2sc up. 764 Howard st.
M . MABEL WOODS, MAGNETIC WOX-
der, cardreader; charms. Room 8, 207 Post.
MX. YANSON, CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
netlc healer. ,1 Fifth sU, room 22.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LAg
di-s, 25c: gents, 60c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
/ i \PSY LIFE- 1 EADER REMOVED TO 8
' i Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c
ME. LENEMAR — FORTUNES TIILD BY
planet 8. 815 Mission St.. room 2: walk in.
MK.LEGKTTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice: 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
AIH. &V±SlLi.,Js, i KLLS i'KUM CRADLhi TO
grave: pictures glven:ludles -sc: Ml O'Farr«ll.
me. ruth Harrison of N. y.. MAG-
netic bea er; card-reader. R. 17. 109 a I'oweil.
*. tiliul'lAtiiJl.
OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
*-'*)& MCALLISTER— MRS. ~. 7. MEYER;
k)£\J test meetings every ni?ht. 10c- Tue., Wed.,
Fn., 2 p.m. ; trance cir.. Sat. <sMon.ev« 25c; bus.stgs
R& J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium and life reader. 218
Stockton st.
K». h,LLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGs.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Fri.. 'I F. m., 26c. 833 Valencia.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Ual-h- St.; hours 9 until 6 P it
hII'NOTISiI.
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success trrtd.HvpnotleMesmerlclns.eO'Farre.l
UJfiNTiSTS.
ffl»7 FULL SKT Ob' Ui-.TH WORTH 18:
*\P * warranted 5 years: extraction free: tilliugj
600. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
UOSITIVKi.Y PAIN I. EXTRACT I6N,
X DR. HARDING, 500 Butter: tel. main 5376.
HALtANT A CHaLFANT. MOVED * ROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework aspeclalty.
OLiO.N Di'..\lAL A!>»OCI.» iIOA, 806 JlA.ii-
ket st. Pit. CHARLES W. DECKER. , :
Ci; 7 A lU£T IOK WARRANTED Ad
C' good as can be made; filling $1 DR MMMi
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
UAl.XLfcas j-.XTHACi 104.5, tOe: CRutfS
I bridge work a specl»lty: plates $5 up: 13 yean
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting whan ;
plates are made: ". old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given. :■
LULL s-KT UK 1 KKTH, 97; FILLING, 60C:
X crowns $3. ..- Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
SET Or TEE i H WITtioUT A i'i.A.lK. DR.
H. O. Young, 1841 Polk St.
I \ti. J. j.LcJLn.. i-U«5 JdARKhiT, lOit uoLDKN
XJ Gate aye. : open evemnes: !-undsy» till noon.
ROOMK DENTAL AS.-sOCIATIUN, 769 MAK-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnleis
extracting, with gas. »1; plates. $6 op; fill. $1 up.
DR. VtUOJUif \V. LEEK.' TxlK GEN I INK
XJ Leek dentist,' discoverer of painless extractloa
■ and patentee of improved bridge work or . teetQ
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o'FarreUt;.
'A Li WOjttK RisiAHONABLK AND WAJt-
A ranted. Mi. J. W. KEY. 1122 ai&rJkei si.
EDUCATIONAL.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, busiDess practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches.'
electrical engineering: -0 teachers; 15,001) gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ■■.. :s\
V KitS', THE LEA DIN COLLEGE, 3-i*
Montgomery St.: Individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telecrapiiv, etc.
Hip scholarship $50- 1. w rate* per week and ma.
ADY TEACH PIANO. AND MANDOLIN
-Li thorough. 50c a esson; excellent pianist. and
accompanist. entertainments, parties. 12j9 Octavia
V)OOKKEEPINu THOROUGHLY IN o WEEKS
J3 or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
KS. MELVILLE YDErT 25171' 3 CALl-
fornia— Vocal music, piano and elocution;
practical acting; vocal classes. $1 p**r rnorr.h.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; students trained: office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NGINEEiiING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC,.
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
tan*hi,;es.lB64. A. VAN DER NAILLr N.72S tint
ELAoCO'.t LVCI-.C >l bDuUuL Of ACTINu— .
I Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
or ttaee. X 6 and 12. i. O. »>. F. block. 7th and Mies
QUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
ANJO, PIA O. MANDOLI • AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons BOc. . 125 Tenth st.
RAWING AND PAINiI.NG IAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; $5 mo. 3U5 Litrkln, r. 105; p h.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $.' mo. 109 Taylor.
TT'OICE, DRAMA, OKATOkY: PRIVATE AND
V class. Prot ■•*■•*,' Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
UROF. L. KA.sKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN
-T mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
/""I UITAR, iIANDoLIiS, fiAAn A N i) VuCai.
VjT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
IJOOKKPNG. WRITNG, AKITHMTC, UKAMB,
JJ day & night; no classes; $5 month. 84 5, Mission.
■\TIIiHTi3CJIUOL;HKAi.D'sBUS.CoLLE(.iK:2I
J-i Post :conimerclal.shorthand, English low ratP%
juisit.iL IAsXKIiAtJSJSXS.
KKYOV CONrEMPLATING THE PUR-
xjl chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con aia
the most desirable stock from which to mate the
selection; bargains fur cash, insta Iments or rent
contract plan we are selling some pianos for £3.
(4 an i $5 per month: beautiful new uprights tor
!?ti, $7, $S, $9 and 810 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same lor Steinivay any
time within 3 years from date of purch.se with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnway* Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Muter sis., San- Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle. ash.
E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
elected stock: all styles, uprights and grands:
just received; it is Impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers <fe Pond, Llodeman, Connor,
Muehlffld, Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLD AN D LARGEST
house west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 cyFarrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms e:tsy: prices lowest;
everything possible Cone to please hud eatidty wo
customer.
CTUaLLY THr; BKbl BARGAINS IN l'[-
enos; see our list tor this week; pianos on $i,
$4. $6, $6, $7, $8, 9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
iree anywhere in th« city and kept tuned byex-
p«t concert tuners. The F. W. BPEA'Uiiti CO,
salesrooms 83S Market st.. opp. Mason.
AINKS, Bt'SH A GERTS AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; tine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 924 Post st.
PIANOS S t.D, RENTED, TUNED, RH>
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, tor lower rates
than any other firm in Uie city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
AROAIN — FINK CHICKERING $1~0 0.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank.
DMIXJSTRATOR'S SALE — iIU>T hKLL.
pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins ailments. KATOX ESTATE, 735 Market.
L INK SQUARE, $Tsl 6 WAY OR
T Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 7t9 Market st.
$/v A GOOD 7-OcTAVE ['PiUGIiT; FINE
•U. condition ;ssinstallmts.22lLeavenworth.
A STEIN WAY.' GOOD CONDITION, $175.
A Room 10, 809 Market s 1.
QUAKE WEBER PIANO IN GOOD CONDI-
-tlon for sale cheap. 102 Taylor st.
\ !~JIAW. STEIN WAY $250, CHICKERIXG
$185;?reat bargalns;s4mo. HEINE, I36 KIMs.
£f% I ri\ Dh.CKKrt BROS.': IN GOOD ORDER.
JZp LO\J. i;p.Ui^XN'M piano home, 228 Post.
■\i agnificentsteinway upright AND
I>l Schubert: Hale used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
G. BADGER. SOJ-E A EXT BALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sac to.
YRON JIAUV, 308 Pv^&T Sl.-sOHMhH
Newby A Evans, Britrcs and. other pianos.
Ul'EKlOf. VIUI.INS, y.lllli-.±tS, OLD A NEW
IJH. MULLER. maker, repairer 2 i.a: ham place.
DOLLAR A Wt.liK OX KENT CUNTKJLtJT
burs new riano. l:so Ellis st.
lvii bALJE— aiISCEL.t,A>i!;OL;s.
iPRO r KD XE^FAITirrY^SIVG^R
«uJ i-\J. machine, with attlrchments. 2437 Mis-
sion St., tear Twenty-first.
■\Te\V SINGER sewing MACHINE; $25.
1> 252Elgh h st.
\ T EW ELMWO >D RANGES ARE THE BEST.
J.\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO , 12 California st.
A NIMATOGItAPH; LATEST SCREKN MA-
xx chine for showing Klneioscopo pictures. Ad-
dress H., box I'M, i all Oflice.
uJLtK&,ENGINES,jD-HAND MACHINERY
li water-plpea. Mclntosh it Wolpman. 137 Beals.
3 DOZEN THOROUGHBRED LAYING HENS
0 for sale; cheap. 2904 1 wenty-thlrd st. :
i, ARS, BACK. BARS, MIKROKs. SHOW-
-1 • cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnltnre and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. Xi .uXAa', 1017-IUI9-.
Mission 3. . above Sixth. .
ARS, JsCAi.EH. MIRBUR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. Mr.EX, 1118 Mission.
VTATIUNAL CASH KEi.I-Tl-.K, UUUD OR-
Xi der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
OKKEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
. ARS, bIIOWCAoEo, (JOl I'Ji.KS, S±IKLV-
' Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7:h.
XE SMALL MKDIUM A. Sl} LAR«4E-SlZifi
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st
SXWiXG QiACtIiNKS.
STkYnds^bought." sold, exchanged
rented repaired: lowest rates. 'Mb Fourth si.
AXXOKJS'JiVsj- AX-LAW. .
A~~iv(ricTrTß^n^ij?vxTiujirT
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. >v, HOWE, atry-al-law. 850 Market.
pONSCIENTIOUS, RELIABLK ATTORNEY:
\J all business strict y confidential; terms rea-
sonable; best references; U. H. ana Btatt* courts.
L.E.PHILLIPB.9I-2 SupremeCouriild,3os Larkin
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGK UNLESS SUC-
■A cessful. J. G. JEFFRKSS. 632 Market, rm.a3.
W.KING, CHRONICLE BLDU; CONSUL-
. Uition free: probate: all cases: fees low.
ADViC. 1 -' FHt-li; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
JK cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON 927 Market
TKUSTEES' SALES. \
mROSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X th • terms and under the authority of a ctr aln
died of trust, duly .executed by ANIONIO
SILVA. party of the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of tha second part, and
the BAN .FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, date d January
2, 1891, and recorded in the office of the
County i Reorder of the county or Tuiare,
State of Caliiornia, in liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pages 394 and following, and In pursuance . of a
resolution passed on the 9 h day of January,
1897, by the boar I of directors of the BANK OF
V Sa. la, a corporation, and the bolder by assign-
ment of the note : (No. : 10,5 75). to secure
paym nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
ex cuted, declaring that a-, fault had be n made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under sad nove and "eel of trust, and request-
Ing and directing said HfNKV C. CAMI'Br.LL
and THADDEUs R. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real es aie described therein to satisfy said 'ln-
debted
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and 1 HADDEI S
B.KENT, trustees, do hereby giv- notice that on
TUESDAY, the 9th day at February, A. D. 1897,
at 1- o'clock uoon of that any, and a; the auction
salesroom of Kuston, Kldridge & Co., 638 Market
street. In the City and County of sun Francisco,
Slate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In goid coin of to
United states, the pieces or parcels of , land si.uute
in the county of .Uii.gs, formerly part 01 the
county of Tulare, state of California, described as
follows, to wit: .
According to th« official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United stages:
In township eighteen (18) south range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Dlabio base and meridian:
of section thirteen (13), -lie son. hwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (sW. 14 of SW. V*) and
the west half of .ho west half of the sou. liens.
quarter of the south quarter (W. % of W.
V 3 of se. 1/4 of SW. 1/4).
Of section iwenty-lour (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the nor hwest quaite (NW. 14 of N \\i» V 4).
and the west half of tne west half of .he northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter (W. Vi of ,W. Va
oI.NE. J/40'NW.iA). ■■■
Containing in all one hundred (100) acres of
land, . more or : less, tosetb^r with .he appur-
tenances. ■ . .- ■ ■ . ■■ ----- ; - ,•• ':. ..••■-" *r ■
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United states: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; ba ance on de-
livery of de. d; and If not so un id, unless for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed for search)," then
said ten per cent to be forfeited an I the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. '■
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, 1 r -,..--.
THADD.EU3 £. X.Z&T, | Tru stee».
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ANTED — To BUY A NICE COTTAGE
'» from $1500 to $2500. near car line; no agents.
Address G. S*.. box 45, call office. ■
r. ROOMS: NEW; JUST FINISHED; EASY
I terms: see It to-day; 35 Joost aye.; close to
cars: Sun vside Tract. THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY, 646 Market st,
© 7\l\i\ SMALL ROUGH COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
tjTUUU. in Berkeley; lot 34x100: $50 down, $10
monthly. CHAS. a. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery.
L'OH >ALE k>S EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T Rouses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.; house*
contain salon ; parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take tiaight or Ellis street car,
feet oft at Masonic »»ve.; owner on premises.
dMfinfl FOR -ALE OR EXCHANGE.
<3)^\J\J\J . New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick:
foundation; bay windows; lot 5-xl6o.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st, •
C'P^n WILLBUILI* A NKAT4-KOOM BAY-
CrO«)u window cottage. GEO. M. SALSBURY,
2010 Kllis st.
COUNTKY IiKAL ESTATE.
1 OT 60x108 FT., 4 ROOMS, BARN, WELL,
J ■ $600, ch.ckens and ducks are tho best money-
makers on this tract: lot 225x265 ft., 6u fruit
trees, 4-room house, furnished, barn, well, tank.
horsepower, poultry-sheds, only $1-00, terms
$250 cash, balance flu per month, 7 per rent In-
terest : also 5Va acres adjoining above tor $900 or
m or gage on San Francisco properly. Address
The Owner, box 172, Gilroy.
ARG A IN— 26 ACRKS CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetab'es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs $ 5 pi r acre;
' 18 acres, running water ail the year soil very pro-
ductive, alt fenced, $40 per acre. ne»r Pleasamon,
Alameda County. Call or write, 67 Chronicle
building. ■
j L^OR RENT— HOUSE AND FEW ACRKS OF
X* land suitable for nursery. Address E. MAGEt,
>i librae, Cal., san Mateo i oiinty. '
- l\f\ ACRES; 100 AL'KES BOTTOM LA.ND;
«JUU running water: exchange for anything; no
reasonah c offer leiused. Address C, box 4, Call
Oilioe, Oakland.
YV ANTED— TO BUY A SMALL ORCHARD,
'» with hi. i*»e and barn; no agents. Address C.
P., box 45, Call office.
L OR Rb.NT-29-ACR"E FKUIT i HARD IX
" Pacer County; 2000 peach trees- 300 pear;
1600 grapevines: a good chance for proper per-
son. L. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery St.
(JjOroA 4 CRES; NICELY IMPROVED:
is-.O\l\J. Inside city limits. GEORGE C.
YOUNG. feltnnn.
TT'LEGANT VINEYARD; W«•U LD EX-
S-J change; rare bargain. Roooi 70, Columbian
building.
pANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE: 1280
J-t acres timber; plenty wat-r; excellent stock
ran h: best par: of Keru Co. 8., box 20. Call Office.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
I'ITLK ' HOMJb.&, CLiUQifi Til TOWN . IM-
-I proved: easy terms: also 4 -to 12 acre pieces
en 8 and 10 years' credit. I). H. TWING, gououi*
City: every Monday at 632 Mnrk<»' St.. H. X
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
T AM A VTHOKizEiTrO BELL THE~FoT
i- lowing propetty, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at cost of foreclosure:
No. I— CoUHge; 5 rooms, bath; No. 1 condition;
newly papered and palmed: 1 block to local sta-
tion and electric-cars; price $1500; $200 to $100
cash, b lance losmt.
No 2— A well-built house. 6 rooms; bath; large
lot; 3 blocks to local station; 1 block to car lines;
street work all done; will soon be business prop-
erty: stores now located in same block; prioj
$2500: $400 cash. saeaai
.No. 3— Home 8 rooms; bath; barn; lot 60x115;
sunny expo nre;. very convenient to business;
neighborhood first class: lot alone worth price
asi>ed' tor property; street work complete: price
$1800. J. S. HYr.KS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. -
(£>•_> - i i CASH, BALANCE $26 65 A MONTH— j
iJptJt)\J fine home; cost $4100: price $2350.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD, 100.i Broadway,
Oakland.
U ANTED— RANCHES TO EXCHANGE FOR
» » Oakland property. App ytoP. W. ANDER>
SOX, 28 Nun Pablo aye., Oakland. -
djj - TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
O • ••' lots la the town of jTiichburß; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leaudro local line, by the southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from ."-an Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
t.v minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE, owner. bls^ 2 Washington su,
Oakland. cai.
OR SALK— OYSTER AND TAMALE GliOf-
X to, cheap. ■ 847 Broadway, Oakland.
Vii- I X(k LOT* NEAR THIS ALTKNHKXJI IN
i«35 luU. Fruit vale; electric cars; only $1 down
end $1 a week ; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. riS.NET. owner. SO2 Broadway. Oakland.
HtKKliHii Kc.VL ±;s>TAXK.
AIEW" 6-ROOM COTTAGE: M^NTEITbaTH^
XV* pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
ch.ck*n-house; fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1600. W. C. MORAN,
Lorin, or F. BOKGLE. Golden Gate.
i-lvOFtlU'lf io tA.UHAJfc.I3. •
QEND FOX OCR^Lisf^^ORCHARDTroMB^
»C) for sain. Wi>O«TKK & WHITTOV. San Jose.
iu O> cL iv AN.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE" AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Suture, 948 Market.
Ci'lnn linn -at PER cent on city
ipil\.'\J.yi\J\t real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3DMOKTUAUE3,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
«J« Q( | OHO. ON FIRST AND SECOND MORT-
v.UI/U gages; city and country orfurni-
ni;ure. K. P. QUINN, 53 Chronicle buildiug.
WISE A.MI SAVE INTr.Riiar — MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
LKECTOX YOUR FURNITURE UKPIANO.
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. lionohu- bide. 1170 Market si
fi;'>K milJAi' BANK KATE-.: l&T A.NO
iFdZiO.\J\J 17 2d mortsaees. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 62a Market
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON t*MALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
r\N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
.IVAI K PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security: interest. Jl.D.;box 160, Ca1l Office.
ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL KSTATE: ANY
amount. W LLIAMS, aj4 Pine st., room 3.
ffl»^A 1O $50,000; J.uw hsl 1 KAljc: lt«T<t^U
O \J mortgage: flat orinstlmnt. Dry den, 535 Cal,
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW KIKY.KTU
ColumDla Loan & ( ollateral Office, 9 1 rant aye.'
IVAW.MiKOKiiKS.
A DVANCESONDIAMOXDS.JEWELRY, SlL-
x\.verware,pi»noB:!ow rates. Loan, 1 33Taylor
WHKsl' I'hu ]AIO ITTk «AM ofT
clothlne. * wnnnolipn '■ o»n Hftlr-. 49 Third.
•fcx.NA.NCJLAI..
\\r ANT $700 LOAN ON '-OOD REAL ESTATE
.'» secur l-. Apply this office. \
LEGAL NOT/ CKS. ■
IS-OLCTION OF COPARTNERSHIP—THE
copartnership heretofore exis ing be. ween the
und rsiuued, under the firm name of KUI LM \ N,
WAGNER & CO., bai this day been disso ved by
mutual consent. HERMAN KULLMAN,
. . » ' JACOB 8 A LZ.
CHARLES WAGNER,
January 14. 1897. CHARLKBHART.
WiSr- MARRIAGES— i)UW. ■
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not b-.- inserted. They mast be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
.with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have lug Mime published. J
BOKS. ,
PFAEFFLE— In this r«tr, January 2, 1897. to the
wife of nc»'i« Pfapfiie-a son. -
MAUKIKO.
LEBTANTE— KRASGKILL-In San Rafael, De-
cember 31, is iii. William Lebtan.e and Mrs.
Annie Eras^rlll, both of San Francisco.
DIED.,
.Barradas, Viola E. ' McGuire. Michael £1
Best, Mrs. J. H. Moire, Mrs. Mary
Clem -nts. Captain W. Morelng, Catherine
Dyer, Jlicbae. - Morten, Eugene L. J.
l-rankenheimer.Joseph Murley, Houorah C.
Go bale t. Ad lph . Nasii, Jonn
Gorman, saran M. ' Pinchard. Jean B.
Haley, Frank I. - . Bobbins. Dr. Edwin
Higeins, Mr i. Winifred Saw in. ueorge W.
Hopkins. Captain N. Kcbulz. Chart's
Inglli, Margery Sharp, 1- redbrick E.
Johnson, Kila C Smith, Patrick
Klat , Teresa Thees, Math. as
Knapp, Agnes V. - Thorn Captain Charles
Levy, Rosalie Toy, Harriet
: Lu oner,' Fran ' W-tmore, James I.
Whittle, Deerlng
BARRADAS-In this city. January 17.1897, Viola
hvunpelinc. Infant child of Matthew and Lizzie
' Barr<«das, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
3 months and <I 7 days. , : ..
;...■ JO~Fnendi» and acquaintances are respect-
; fiiiiy invited ioai.eu4 me Juaeral TO- MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
BEST— In this city, January 15, 1897, Mrs. J. H.
Best, widow of the late William Best, and
mother of Mrs. I. Eddy, a - native of Penryn,
Cornwall, England, aged 67 years I months and
1 day. \
«yTbe funerat will take place THIS DA.V
(Monday), at l'eta!am«, Cal.. upon the arrival
of the 7:30 o'clock a. m. train from San Fran- ,
cisco. -;■■:::.
CLEMENTS— In this cltv. January 16, 1897, Cap-
tain William Clemen' s. father of Alice and
Frank Clements, a native of Nova Scotia, axed
63 years. [Chicago (111 ) Trloune pleas- copy.]
£3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to a tend the toneral THIS DAY'
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laura Hill Cemetery.
DVER-In this city, Jannary 16, 18^7, at St.
Mary's Hospital. Michael Dyer, a native of
Couniv Slice Ireland. »ee<l HO .-t-arv
' 49* Friends and acquaintances and comrade!
Of L.:ncuiu l ost No. 1, G. a. It., -ire respect-
ful I- invited to tend the funeral TUI» DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the .par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Holy Crou i \iurcn, Eild.- and Scott
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated tor the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. n. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FRANKENHEIMER— In this city, January 15,
1897, Joseph l-raukenhelnv.-r. a native of Ger-
many, aged 76 yearly months and 21 days.
GOBaLET— In this city. January .6. 1897,
Adolph, beloved son of Charles and Deboran E.
Gobalet, a native of Oregon, aged 2 years 9
month* aud 21 days.
GORMAN— In this city, January 16, 1897. Sarah
Maria Gorman, beloved mother of Minnie Azlle
and Anna Gorm in and Mr*. Ed Owings of Los
Angeles, a native of Canada, aged 53 yean.
HALKY— In this city, January 17, 1897. Frank
J.. belovp.l son of Bridget Haley, and brother of
John, Thomas, Mary and the late James. L.
i - a ..•}-. a native or San Francisco, aged 22 years.
HIGGINs— anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tbe repose of the soul of
. the late Mrs. " iuified Ulg;ins at Si. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, THIS D«Y
(Monday), commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited to attend.
HOPKINS— In Bangor, Me., January 17, 1b97.
Captain Naman Hopkins, fatuer of Mrs. GCorge
R. Sanderson.
INGLIS-In this city. January 17. 1897, at 2032
Fryant street, Mareery, wife of the late James
Inclls, mother oi .archiba d Sterling Watson
Ingiis, daughter of the lata Archibald Sterling
Watson, and Bister of the late Catherine David-
son, a native of Perthshire, Scotland, aged 62
years and 17 days, [iioxberry3uire (Scotland)
papers please copy.J
JB3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu.ly invited to attend the funaral TO-MOKROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. if., from 2032 Bry-
ant street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via 3:40 o'clock p. m. train from Twemy-fif:h,
and Valencia sireets station.
JOHNSON— In this city, Jannarv 17, 1897, Ella
£ Johnson, mother of Mrs. E. Li. Wakeman
Alice E Johnson aad George Kline, a native of
New York > lty.
KLATT— thin cltv, January 17, 1897. Teresa,
beloved wife of Walter F. Klatt, aged 27 years
and 4 months.
KNAPP— In this city, January 14, 1897, Agnes
V. Knapp, a native of California, aged 20 years
and 11 months. ■
LEVY— In this city. January 16. 1897, Eosalie.
beloved wife of Hmon Levy, and mother of Mar-
cus, Edward, Leopold. Flow and Melaule Levy,
Mrs. N. Lauter, Mrs. C. Leioer and Mrs. O.
Walters, a native of Germany, aged 69 years 9
months and 6 days. *
J93"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnhv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. jc.. from the fa ally
residence, 2104 Pos street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train I leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
X.UBNER— In this city. January 10, 1817. Frank-,
beloved husband of the late .Mary Ann I.ubner.
father of Annie S. and the late Arthur I.ubaer,
brother of Joan Lub:ier,and son-ln-lawof Jirs.
Su«an Hayes, a native of Germany, aged Si
years. A member of Court Star of the Million
No. 7197, A. O. F.
jjgrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invite l. to attend' the funeial THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from his late
residence, 63 Natotna street, thence to Su Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Croii
Cemetery.
A. O. F. — To the officers and members of Court
Star of the Mission No. 7197. A. O. *.: You are
hereby notified to be present at 63 Natoma
street THIS DAY (Mondiy), at 8:30 o'clock
' a. m., to attend the funeral or our deceased
brother, Franx Luuner.
A. G. JKFFERY, Chief Ranger.
Jakes T. Goltox. Fin. Sec
McGUIRE-In i his city, January 16. 1897, Michael
E, dearly be'.oved son of James and Ka.e Mo-
Gulre, and brother of John P., James j.. Hugh
and Mary E. Mcuulre,a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years and 1 month.
MOORK— In Alameda, January 17. 1897, Mrs.
Mary Moore, beloved wife of J . Moore, a native
o. England, aged 59 years 1 months and 7 days.
JtS~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full invited to a. tend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from her late resi-
dence, 2050 San Jose avenue. Interment
' Mountain View Cemetery. ; ■?.•■£«-«
MOREING— In Haywards, January 17, 1897,
Catherine Morainsr, loving mottierof C C. M.
1 and W. B Moreing and Mrs. M. A. Bird, a na-
tive of St. Cbar.es. Mo., axed 77 year* 2 months
an i 10 days, fS:oci£ton capers please copy.]
<fi»~Frii»ndg and acquaintances are respect-
fully i vited to attend t c funeral TO- ii ORrtOW
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock if., from her late resi-
dence in Hay wards.
MORIEN— In this city, January 17, 1897, Eugene
• Louis J., beloved son of John P. and Victorienne
Morien, and brother of Eugene Pierret. a na iva
of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 27 days.
MURLEY— In Bouth Vallejo, January 16,1897,
Hanorah Claire, Infant daughter of Michael and
Mary Murley, a uative or Vailejj, aged 1
year and 10 months. -
NASH — In this city, January 1 6,1897, John Nash.,
a native of Ireland, used 55 years. .
PINCHARD— In the City and County Hospital.
January 17, 1887, Jean B. Pincuard. aged 78
years. ' •
BOBBISS-Tn this city, January 16. 1897. Dr
- Edwin Kobblns, a native of England, aged 44
years. /
SAWIN— In this city, January 15, 1897. Geor**
W. Sawln, a native of Massachusetts, a,,ed 71
yehfs and 4 months.
SCHULZ— In this city, January 15, 1897. Charles
Schii a native or Germany, aged 53 years.
JBS"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu ly invited to atte id the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock: p. if., from the par-
lors of 1L C. Porter & Co.; 122 i^udy street.
" Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. '
SHARP— In this city, January 15,1897, Freder-
ick Edward Sharp, a native of England, aged 77
years
JO"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend The -uneral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. n.. from 909 Mar-
ket siren, und t the auspices of Metropolitan
Lodge No. 24, K. of P. iMierineni Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral-car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
SMITH— this city, January 16.1897. Patrick
Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
THEES— In the City ana County Hosoit»l. Jan-
uary 17, 1897. MathUs Thees, a;ed 65 years.
THORN— In Alameda, January 16, 1897. Captain
Charles, beloved nusoand of Mary J. Thorn, and
father of Edgar V., Charles, John P., Arthur 8.,
Fran B. and Minnie T. Thtirn, a native of New
York, aged 80 years and 3 months. [Portland
(Or.), Seattle (Wash.) and Victoria (B. C.)
papers please copy.J
Friends and ■acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, liSJi . Sherman street, Alameda. San
Francisco friends taVe narrow-gauge ferry to
Morton-street station. Interment private.
TOY— In this city, January 17. 1897. Mrs. Harriet
Toy, beloved mother of Mrs. D. 11. Haskell of
ban Francisco and Mrs. Ella J. Chipman of San
Jose, a native Of England.
WETMORE— In this city. January 17, 1897,
James I. Wetmore (»ail maker), beloved hus-
band of Wattle Jane Weimore, a native of New
York, aged 77 years 2 months and 28 days.
[Maine papers please copy.J
j£S"Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully i i vlted to attend tnfe funeral TO-MORKOW
. (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from 1635
' ' Busli street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral- car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
WHITVLE— In this city. January 18,1897. Deer-
ing, oeloved husband of Matilda A. L. Whittle,
| and father of Mri. M. E. Moore and Albert M.
and Henry D. Whittle, S. J., a native of Liver-
pool, England, a^ed 7 9 years 10 months and 11
days. [Liverpool and London papers please
copy.J
JOTThe funeral will lake place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, I>4 Co.lingwood .street, then<-e to ->l.
Ignatius Church. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street, where a solemn requiem higb mass will ba
celebrated tor the repose of his soul, commeao-
ing at. 9 o'clock a. m. Interment private. Mount
Cal vary i emetery.
tWIcAVOY & CAUACHER, T
FUNRRAL DIEECTORS A E3IBALMKBB,
SO UUtb. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p ats and graves in Its cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's oitic » at the cemetvry,- corner
Bush street and Central cvenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: .NEAREST cEMB.
tery to the city non-sectarian; in no teas* ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. OOtr* bW7 UMtUt
surest, southeast corner »• tolxu*. '
COSMOPOIiIT A.3XT.
;•- ■ • ■ ' • ' *~"rT*rtlfi^Tw
Opposite U. 8. • Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., S»»
Francisco, Cai.— The most select famll? hotel la
tl;e city. ■ Board and room ?l, $1 25 and $1 50 per'
day, according to room. Meals 25c, Kooms S3s .
and 76c a day. ! i'ree coach to and from the hotel.
' ZiOOIc for the cuaca bearing the name of the Co*
■omuuu aw* wu. *■ Aim x, Pnwattot
1112
SHAKEN UP BY
SEISMIC FORCES
San Francisco Trembled
for a Brief Spacs
Yesterday.
Dramatic Ccens in a Baptist
Congregation in Oak
land
The Shocks Were S milar to Those
Caused by an Explo-
A sharp earthquake shock wa? left in all
parts of this City a fraction of a minute
after l:o9o'ciqck yesterday afternoon.
There were two well-defined counter
vibrations of considerable force, accord
ing to the descriptions by Weather Ob
server McAdie, who carefully noted the
time, and subsequently compared notes
with one of his co-worker? in the weather
forecast olrice in the Mills building.
"It was one of the shortest shocks I ever
felt," said Mr. McAdie, some hours after
the incident, "and I do not know yet that
it was not an explosion of some sort rather
than an earthquake, lor I was at luncheon
at the time and could not see that the sur
face of the cream or ot any ot the other
liquids on the table had been disturbed,
as th'.-y should have from an earthquake."
The whole Mills building shook dis
tinctly from top to bottom with, the
momentary shock, and all those who were
in the building at the time experienced
the peculiar tremor.
Protestor Georsre Davidson says he felt
two siight shocks about four seconds
apart. He tliinks the motion was whoily
vertical.
Although he experienced no lateral os
cillation, there may have been one north
and south, which he coold not feel be
cause his house extends such a length in
that direction that such a movement
would not have been perceptible.
The professor's sei.-mograpli was out of
order, so he got no record of the force of
the shock, but he is confident it was not
so much as a tenth of an inch.
In Oakland the nature of the shocks and
the peculiar noise with which they were
accompanied were exactly similar to those
that accompany an explosion.
The people in Oakland are so accus
tomed to sucn shocks that everybody at
once concluded that the periodical explo
sion at tne powder-works had taken place,
and waited to hear how many lives had
been sacriticed. Soon the report was re
ceived that it was all the result of an
earthquake, and the excitement was al
layed.
The effect of the severe shock was most
apparent in the churches. At the Tenth
Avenue Baptist Church the shuck came as
a dramatic cimax to the pastor's address.
Rev. C. M. Hill had just reached the point
where he had placed' the grave question of
the acceptance or rejection of salvation
vividly before his audiance.
"Can you afford to be indifferent?" said
the pastor. The next moment the sanctu
ary was violently shaken.
Many of tne congregation stood up in
terror, and several of the younger mem
bers ran' out of the build ine. Sever.il
women were so shocked that they burst
into tears and others turned deathly pale.
The greatest excitement prevailed, and
from all parts of the house hysterical
screams were heard.
Deacon Joseph Piaw allayed tbe feelings
of some by ri.-ing to his. feet and saying:
"You need not be afraid. If you art- safe
you should rejoice. It is simply the voice
of the Lord "peaking to his ptople."
One of the members of the church
stated th&t the feeling was like that which
would be experienced it some giant had
got below the church and shaken it up.
The vibrations of the seismic needle at
the Chabot Observatory showed tt:at there
was a heavy disturbance ana that the
vibrations were mainly from east to west.
EMBLEM OF SOCIALISM
G. B. Benham Explains the True
Meaning ot the Red
Banner.
Says That It Stands for A 1 That Is
Good and Against All That
Is Bad.
Tbe socialist movement in this City and
vicinity is becoming more enlivened every
week. The meetings are more largely at
tended than ever before, and as may be
expected many new faces are observed at
the weekly gatherings and propaganda
meetings. With some it is a desire for
knowledge upon economic matters; with
others it is curiosity to see what the .so
cialists do and he..r \vhat they say. It is
rarely the case that the tirst visit fails to
lead to tbe second and the third and so on
until a regular attendance results.
Tbis Das been the experience of the
American branch of the San Francisco
section. At hrst the members of the paity
met in small halls and held meetings on
the street corners. Increasing member
ship made larger halia necessary, aud
when the plan of holding Sunday-night
lectures was decided upon the branch
moved into one of the large halls in Pyth
ian Castle.
For several weeks past even this apart
ment, which holds over 300, ha*- not been
large enough to accommodate all who de
sired to be present, and many have been
turned away, lor there was not even
standing room.
Last week the branch decided to secure
a still larger hall, which was done, and
during the remainder of the year, begin
ning in February, tne lectures- will be
held in Washington Hall on Eddy street.
The socialists are about to make another
movement in the line of progress, and be
fore long they will puplish a socialist
newspaper. W. W. Wiikins will be the
editor. This gentleman is well known all
over the United State*, may be not as
a socialist, but certainly as a Populist.
He it was who was the author of the
Omaha platform of that party.
Later he got out oi the Populist traces
and became known as the leader of the
middle-of-the-road element. His next
mov ment was as the organizer of labor
exchanges, and in this line of work he is
known all over this coast. While always
a socialist in principle*, it was not until
recently that he came out as a full and
pronounced socialist, and the party be
lieves that he will represent it in the new
paper. It will start-as a monthly, but as
soon as possible it will become a weekly
paper.
A new section, to be known as Section
Berkeley, was formed yesterday noon
almost in the very shadow of the State
University across the bay. Messrs. Hecht,
Benham and Wiikins went to Berkeley
yesterday in response to a call from a
number of liberal-minded people of that
place, and in a surprisingly short space of
time the new section was formed and the
following officers selected: Oreanizer, A.
C. Hawkins; recording secretary, Mrs. H.
Grebs; financial secretary, E. Grebs;
treasurer, John H. Eustice.
In the formation oi the new section
there is a little feature that is not gener
ally known even in soc alist circles. It
is well known that a large number of stu
deir.s at the Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity and some of the professors too are so
cialists or have socialistic tendencies. The
Berkeley students, at least many ot them,
have been making inquiries into the un
derlying principles of the issue and have
been much impressed. It is not always
policy to openly declare the nature of
one's convictions, even to friends. How
ever, the new section was created as much
for the benefit of the Berkeley students as
for any class and the people who may fig
ure most prominently in the Berkeley |
section may not be ibe only ones who are j
deeply interested in its welfare. This j
promises to be the liveliest section in the i
State.
As stated in the foregoing, the lectures
of the American Branch of this City are
largely attended and iast evening's enter
tainment was as iully attended as any
preceding. The hall was not large
enough to accommodate all who desired
to He present. W. W. Wilkins presided.
There was a iutle change in the pro- j
gramme. T. M. Anthony was expected
to speak on "Progress.'' He was absent,
but ms place was ably rilled by G. B. Ben
ham, whose subject was the "Red Flag." I
Among the uninformed the red flag or !
banner is believed to be the emblem of ;
anarchy, riots, disorder and bloodshed, ,
but i: any who listened to Mr. Benham en
tertained sucb notions they were unde
ceived before the address was half over.
The address showed careful preparation,
familiarity with ancient and modern his
tory and logical reasoning. Mr. Benham,
in substance, stated tUat the red-flag
origin is la*t in antiquity. It the ll lj;
of ancient Tunis, Tripoli, Turkey and
other countries. Tho-e who recognized
the sun as the mainstay of life saw in the
flames of tire its counterpart on earth, and
sun and flames were symbolized by a
naming banner.
In mythological lore the goddesses
Ceres, Mint rva, Pomona and Proserpine, j
who presided over the food products of the
farth, were depicted as being clothed in
flaming red. This color was adopted by
the agricultural laborers, and later by all
those who toiled for their bread.
As a contrast the azure and white were
adopted by those who did not labor and
who exalted themselves by a pretense of
superiority — the azure, the grandeur of
the blue skips, the white to show that no
soil came from the grim bands of labor.
Among the toilers of ancient Athens,
Roms and other places were labor com
munes, also represented by the flaming
flag.
Coming down to more modern dates,
Mr. Benham called the attention of his
audience to the fact that in 1775, during
the War of the Revolution, General Put
nam raised a red flag on Prospect Hill,
Mass. It was then regarded by the colo
nies as an emblem of liberty. The same
belief caused a red banner to be placed
on Bunker Hill after th.it great victory
was won. While working in the same
great canse Pulaski was presented with a
crimson banner by the nuns of a convent
at Baltimore.
The Commune of Paris recognized the
flaming banner in the same way.
"So we see," said the speaker, "that it
really stands for everything that is good,
the .fellowship ot man, the industries ol
the world and the hope of the oppressed
and the downtrodden, and it stands
against everything that is bad, the op
pression anil slavery of mankind. It is
now tiie emblem of the emancipation of
the world."
FRENCH IN THE SCHOOLS
Work of Education Conducted
in This City by l'Alliance
Franca ise.
N arlv Four Hundred Pupils Being
Taught tie Mother Country's
L/ngu g>.
Charles Marais presided at the annual
meeting of l'Alliance Francaise held Sat
urday night at Union square Hall.
This institution was brought to light
some years ago by a number of patriotic
Frenchmen, at the head of wnom is Daniel
Levy, who assess themselves for the pur
pose of employing professors to teach the
French language to pupils of the local
public schools.
The executive committee made the fol
lowing gratifying report, including the
work of the organization during the year
ending December 31, 1896:
After thanking the Hoard of Education
for placine the schools and classes at the
disosal of I'Alliance the report enumer
ates the schools where classes were formed
.it the beginning of the year 1896 :ind in
which pupils to the number oi 322 were
taught, as follows: Whittier, '28; Wash
ington, 34; Hamilton, 52; Denman, 56;
Hearst, 26; Horace Mann, 60; Crocker, 22;
Le Conte, 54.
These pupils were divided into eleven
classes, six of which were organized in
November, 1895.
Some seventy-five pupils dropped out
shortly after the first of the year 1896 be
cause of lack of aptitude to learn a foreign
language or else that they had not
time to study. The remaining pupil?,
however, were enthusiastic and encouraged
the committee in its work.
With the assistance of W. W. Stone,
principal of the South San Francisco
School, and Eugene Legallet, itertrand
Salles, Jean Boyle, J. MUly and A. Corn
batalade, thirty-three pupils were secured
in that section of the Potrero never before
attended to In the work, and 140 new
members came into I'Alliance.
In March classes were established in the
Sherman, John SweU, Clement and North
Cosmopolitan schools, and at the end of
the year L' Alliance had classes in thirteen
schools ana a total of 347 pupils.
In six schools classes are held five times
each week, and in seven others three
times a weeJt.
T^e completed list of schools, teachers
and number of pupils at the present time
is as follows: Whitiier, Mrs. L. Bous
quot, 30; Wa-hington, Miss E. Itam
pillion, 29; Hamilton, Miss M. Ran>p;l-
Jion, 26; Denman, Mr. Lanfranchi, 36;
Horace Mann, Mrs. J. O^orn, 29; South
San Francisco, L. Ravault, 33; Hearst,
Mrs. E. Giffaid, 17; Crocker, Miss A.
Borci, 13; Sherman, Mrs. Ranieau, 26;
John Pwett, Mrs. Robert Burns, 17; Clem
ent, Mrs. H. Worms, 29; North Cosmo
politan. H. Lecat, 22; Le Conte, Mrs. M.
Marsuall, 40.
The discipline of these classes has been
such that neither the teachers nor the
committee have had to find objection in
any case.
The report on finances showed as fol
lows: Toial ieceipts, $3324 42: total ex
penses, $3303 05; surplus receipts, $21 37;
cost of maintaining the schools, $29Wj 4V,
receipts irom the parents of pupils,
$2208 80; surplus expenses, $757 65.
The latter deficit is so well covered by
the monthly dues of the members and by
the donations from the 14th of.July com
mittees and others that lhero is an actual
fund of $1163 50 to becin this year's work.
The members of l'Alliance Francaise
aredivid-d as follow*,: Life 2, honorary
73, contributing 230, yearly members 160.
This brinirs the number to 465, or an in
crease of 69 members in twelve months.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, Daniel Levy; executive
committee, E. Legallet. A. Goustiaux, O.
Bozio, C. Marais, E. J. Dupuy, A, J. De
hay, C. Greffe, A. Bousquet (secretary), J.
Bernou, I. Cuenin and J. S. Godeau.
Out of the 240,000 domestic servants in
London it is estimated that 10,000 are
always out of employment.
Jewfxtiv Btor*. 6to 7 Third street, removed to
303 Ktaruy streeu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1897.
Detective Michael Arthur Conroy of Australia, One of the Most
Remarkable Professional Athletes Who Has Ever Come to
San Francisco. He Is Here to Assist in the Capture of
Butler, the Murderer, Expected to Arrive on the Swanhilda.
DETECTIVE AND
ATHLETIC STUB
Australian Sleuth Conroy a
Phenomenon on the
Track.
As Jumper, Sprinter, Vauiter,
Putter and Thrower He
Is a Wonder.
Ha Also Has a Record as Bcxer, Oars
man and Wrestler — A Mod
est Champion.
One of the two Australian detectives
sent here to capture Butler, the atrocious
murderer who escaped on the sbip Swan
hilda, is an athlete of most unusual abil
ity.
His name is Michael Arthur Conroy.
He is a native of Springfield, Victoria.
Australia, and is ~H years of age. He is
5 feet 10 inches in hcig. t, gracefully built,
and weighs 189 pounds in meager athletic
garb.
For sixteen years, or. ever since he was
a mere boy of ten, he has Deen a pro
fessional athlete, competing wherever
there were professional events in different
Darts of Australia, New Zealand and Tas
mania,
Like many other men in Australia,
where professional athletic sports attract
more attention than anywhere else in the
world, he has constantly followed the
circuit of meets and games for a living.
He has been in hundreds of competitions
and has won thousands of pounds ster
ling, or many thousands of dollars.
Here are some of his best records, all
made in competition and attested by of
ficials at the different big professional
meets in which they were made:
Running High Jump(world's record) 6 ft. 5 in.
Standing High Jump 6 tt. BVi in.
Running Broad Jump 21 ft. 10 . in.
landing Broad Jump(wUh weights). 13 ft. 4 in.
Pole Vault (for height) lift. 1 * in.
Running Hop, Step ana Jump *7 ft. 4 in.
Three .Standing Jumps Backward. ...27 ft.
Putting 56-pound Weight. 80 ft. 8 in.
Throwing SG-pound Weight 29 ft. 4 in.
,'75-y rd Sprint (standing atari) X sec.
100-yard Sprin (standing start) 8% sec
150-yard Sprint (standing start) 16 sec.
200-varii Sprint (standing start) 'HYa sec.
120-yard Hurdles (10 leaps, 3 ft. 6 in.
hiah).... — 14% sec.
ISO-yard Hurdles ( 8 leaps, 3 ft. 6 In.
high) ■'■■■ lessee.
200-yard Hurdles ( 6 leaps, 3 ft. 6 in.
high) 22 sec.
In addition to these surprising per
formances in sDeed and agility Conroy is
an oarsman, a boxer and a wrestler.
He is young, bright, fearless, withal
quiet and unassuming. And this is the
man that the Australian police chose to
assist In capturing 'and returning to Aus
tralia a desperate criminal of considerable
physical power.
He had been in the Police .Deportment
but one day when he was detailed to help
in the search for Butler. He joined the
Melbourne, New South Wales, police on
November 23, 1896. Before that he hud
always been an athlete by profession. The
next day he was called out and put on this
murder'case, the first and only detective
work he has done.
But he is the only man here that actu
ally knows and is known to Butler, and
upon his recognition the United States
Marshals that are to make the arrest will
be sure of their man.
From November 24 to December 12 Con
roy was busy investi-aiing the case in
Sydney, New South Wales, with Detective
Roach. On the latter date he sailed
from Sydney with Detective McHattie
in the steamship Miowera for Vic
toria, B. C, in pursuit of the murderer,
whom they had finally traced to the
Swanhilda, which find already sailed for
Han Francisco from Newcastle, the home
of Detective McHattie.
Conroy's first appearance as an athlete
was in a boys' race for a tin of sweet
biscuits. He won the prize and at once
sold it for cash. On the same day he also
won the boys' high jump and the pole
vault. That was when he was 10 years of
age.
The next season, when only 11 years of
age, he began competing in professional
events with men and won tne running
hi h jump with a leap of 5 feet 8 inches, a
performance that fully developed collecre
athletes on this roast consider unusually
good, particularly when it is remembered
that the Pacific Coast amateur record was
very little better than that until the last
few years. That same year he also tied
for first place in the pole vault by clearing
9 feet 9 inches in competition with old
professionals. From that time on he de
veloped steadily year by year oa his size
and strength increased.
When 19 years of age he cleared 6 feet
3% inches in the running high jump,
which is his star performance. He haa
competed 242 times in this one event and
has never been beaten from the scratch.
At Melbourne in the exhibition tames on
St Patrick's day, 1891, he conceded twelve
inches to his best opponent and then won.
Though his best attested performance in
regular competition for a prize is 6 feet 5
inches, made at Warehouseman's cricket
■rounds, St. Hilda road, Melbourne, in
1891, be cleared the bar while in practice
for that match at the height of 6 feet 7'^
inches. This performance was witnessed
and measured by Professor William Mil
ler, now an athletic Instructor in Mel
bourne, but formerly well known in this
City, and by P. H. Reynolds of the Royal
Mail Hotel, Bourke street, Melbourne.
In the games at Jerilderiej New South
Wcles, in 1892, there were thirteen events.
Cnnroy entered them all. He won twelve
first places and tied for the other. On
that occasion ne established his record of
47 feet and 4 inches in the running hop,
step and jump.
In 1888 at Geelong, Victoria, he made
his record of 11 feet 1 inch in the pole
vault. How good that in may be inferred
from the fact that the present Pacific
Coast record is 10 feet 10J- 2 ' inches made
last April by Dole, the great Stanford vole
vauiter. But C'onroy equaled this latter
record last St. Patrick's Day in a contest
at the Sydney Cricket Grounds.
His standing high jump record of 5 feet
RJ^ inches was made in the games at Al
bury, N. S. W., in April, 1895. That record
alone would here be considered creditable
for the running event, though only last
year Patter>on of the Olympic Club and
little Bert Kerrigan, then of the Multno
mab Athletic Club of Portland, but now
of Stanford University, both cleared the
Dar at 6 feet 2 inches, and surprised the
athletic world on this coast by establish
ing a record not approximated before in
the West. His record in the running
broad jump, 21 feet 10 inches, was made
at Melbourne in 1891. It does not, how
ever, compare favorably with his other
performances when contrasted with rec
ords on this coast. His record of 27 feet
for three standing backward jumps was
mode at ihe Crystal Palace, Melbourne,
in 1890.
Hi- put the 56-pound weight 20 feet. 8
inches in the games at Murchison, Vic
toria, Australia, and he threw the sanre
weight 29 feet 4 inches at Hobart Town,
Tasmania.
In 1890, at the Melbourne Exhibition
Building, he won both the ail-comers'
wrestling contests against nine competi
tors each time. These are the only wrest
ling contests be has entered.
In the sprints his records were all re
corded by Baird's automatic judging ma
chine, which is supposed to make none of
the mistakes so frequent among timers
using stop watches. He covered seventy
five yards on the Lilly Bridge Running
Grounds in Sydney last yearirom a stand
ing start in 8 seconds. The 100 yards he
made in 9;g seconds and the others aa in
dicated in the list of records above.
When Walter Henry ol the University
of California established at the Olympic
grounds in 1893 a world's amateur record
of 15% seconds for the 120-yard hurdles
his record was looked upon as phenomenal.
Conroy as a professional hns covered the
same distance over the same obstacles in
14]4 seconds, though that is over a second
away from the world's professional record.
In some years Conroy has competed in
over 200 events, and in Sydney contested
continuously once for six days during a
big nieei. In most of these professional
contests there is a cash prize of at least
£50. or $250, to the winner. Often it is
£100, or $500. In one event in 1889 the
first prize, won by Conroy, was over $1600.
Is addition to the big cash prizes Con
roy has won twenty-four gold medals and
has four trophy cups, ail of which are
twenty-five inches in height.
He modestly says that he wonld like to
go in for some athletic contests while he
ia here, though so far his time has not
been his own.
A DOCTOR ARRESTED.
The Warrant Charges Him "With a
Serious Misdemeanor.
Dr. \V. E. Eidenmuller was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Officer J. M. But
terworth on a warrant issued from Police
Court 3, at the instance of Edmund God
chaux, secretary ol the Board of Health.
The prisoner is charged with violating
sections 1 and 2 of order 2314, which
makes it a misdemeanor ior doctors to
neglect to register the birth of a child.
He was released on $20 bail.
Stabbed Eight Times.
Petrlon* Qulnones, a servant working in the
boardine-house at 1008 Van Ness avenue, wai
taken to the Receiving Hospital last evening
suffering (rom eight wounds inflicted by a
small knife. Soon after Herman Cohn, a press
man working for Francis, Valentine & Co.,
gave himself up at the Central station and ad
mitted having stabbed tho woman. He was
very drunk and would make no more definite
stntement. The woman said she had been
keeping company with Conn's brother, and
last evening Cohn came to her room ana
knocked. When she opened the door he com
menced to slash at her withakuife and he
cut her eight times and made his escape. The
wounds are not serious.
Benevolent Hebrews.
At an annual meeting of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society held yesterday the follow
ing officers were elected: President, M. Gold
water; vice-president, A. L. Brandt (re
elected); secretary, J. Zekind (re-elected);
treasurer, A. Stern; trustees— W. Snalburg, M.
H. Lichteustein, I. Danziger, Less Prager and
H. Kramer; collector, A. N. Levy.
Fell Off the Cliff.
James Harden, a boy aged 17 years, resid
ing at 22 Prospect avenue, in the Mission,
while climbing over the rocks at Bakers
Beach yesterday afternoon, slipped from one
of the cliffs ana sustained some slight injuries
by falling against the jagged rocks at the
water's edge.
HAS COME TO SEE
AND TO SING
Mme. Nordica, the Prima
Donna, Has Arrived in
the City.
She May Make a Short Trip
North After Her En
gagement H a re.
Americans Are H.rd to Please, She
Says, for They Always Have
the Best.
Charming, fascinating, vivacious, ap
parently unwearied after her lone jour
ney overland, Mme. Lillian Is ordica smil
ingly stepped from her carriage last nicht
and repaired to her apartments at the
Palace, wliere she was instantly besieged
by an army of reporters. She expressed
herself as delighted with her trio, having
traveled by way of Denver, Salt Lake and
Omaha.
"Oh, I enjoyed it so much!" she said.
"The scenery was beautiful, and I passed
almost all my time at the car window."
"Yes, I made two appearances In Chi
cago and was the only soloist. I expect
lo make a third on my return trip, assisted
by my own company.
"My favorite role? Isolde, in 'Tristam
and Isolde.' It is a very arduous role,
and requires, one might say, years of
study and hard work."
When asked how Chicago audiences
compared with those of New York she
said:- "I think the audiences in Chicago
are most discriminating; in fact all Amer
ican audiences are very difficult to please.
You see they have the very best that can
be bad, and 1 do not think they are very
hospitable to newcomers.
"Yes, ibey are harder to please than
foreign audiences, and do not show their
pleasure so quickly. Americans are very
quick to make up their minds as to what
tney like and what they don't like. For
eigners take more time in judging and
give the articles a little more chance for
their lives," she said, laughingly. "Here
we are apt to judge in one performance,
and if it does not piease we have not much
use for it."
Madame was asked if "stage fright" ever
claimed her for its own.
"Stage fright ! Oh, horrors, always! It
just made me shiver to think of it as we
were coming here. Of course in opera one
does not become so nervous; there are
more distractions. There are the 'demons'
fiddling away below and the 'head dcvii'
waving his baton, bat in concert — oh !
Every hand goes up so, and every heail
bobs this way and that way, aud, well, 1
don't think one ever really gets over it —
stage fripht I mean."
Mme. Nordica would not speak directly
concerning the Metropolitan Opera-house
affair, but incidentally observed that she
thought it was unfair that "odo man or
woman should receive four or five times
as much, as his 'running mate,' so to
speak."
"I think," she saitl, "for any one artist
in a company to take upon himself to dis
tribute roles or to say who shall do one
thing and who the other is wrong. Re
muneration should be controlled more by
the managers and less by tne artists, and
then there would be a better understand
ing all around."
Mme. Nordica does not expect to sing
in any other part of this State, although
she expressed a hope that arrangements
might be perfected regarding a northern
trip which she intended to take after her
engagement in this City, but about which
she appeared rather dubious.
The beginning of March will see the fair
American prima donna fulfilling a two
months' engagement at the Opera-bouse
in Paris, after which she will sing in Lon
don at the Covent Garden Theater.
The other members of the company
arriving last niph' were Mme. Scalchi, the
famous contralto, who is in splendid voice;
Barron BerthalU, tenor; J. C. Dempsey,
basso; and Isidore Lucksione, pianist and
conductor of the orchestra of fiity.
HE TOOK CYANIDE.
R. Michael's Deliberate Suicide— He
Left a Letter for the Corouer.
R. Michael, a member of Unity Lodge
No. 17. of the A O. U. W., decided to end
his earthly troubles yesterday by swaiiow
ing a dose of cyanide of potassium. He
had procured a room at 517 Howard street,
last Thursday, and tnere he took his life.
He lelt the following letter to the Coro
ner:
To the Coroner— Sir: I have taken cyanide ol
potassium to moke sure and end my liie.
I belong to the A. O. U. W., Unity No. 27;
please notify them. Mr. Block, the Tax Col
lector, belongs to my lodge; he will give yon
intormation what to do. R. Michael.
In addition to this he wrote two more
letters in German, one directed to His wife,
who rooms at 60 Third street, and another
to F. R. Michael, supposed to be his
brother.
From a memorandum found in bis
pocket it was shown that he received $3
from his lodge in the month of May, 1896-
Young Men's Institute.
Dr. James T. McCone addressed the members of
Ignatlan Council last Thursday and told them
"How Not to ivet Sick." There was an Interesting
literary programme during tbe evening. Tbls
council will give iis annual dance in Native Sons'
Hall on Friday.
Tbe lecture by M. M. Kstee, under the auspices
of Washington Council, will be delivered In
Metropolitan Tempi* to-night.
The lecture to be Riven by Henry E. Hlghton,
under the auaptces of Onlden Gat« Council, will be
given in Metropolitan Te.nple on the 27ih intt.
The officers 01 Columbia Council were installed
by T. J. Barry, JJ. U. 1., last Wp-inesday.
Uiand President Callagher will talk at an open
meeting, to be held in Monterey under the au
spices of San Carlos Council, on Hie 2Btu Inst.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
On the occasion of High Chief Ranger Dr. Case
and members of the executive committee last
Thursday to Court Occidental the board of depu
ties installed the following named as officers for
thejeusuing term: W. i . Carroll, C. R.; A. N,
Macpherson, P. C X. : 0, J. Klcg, S. C. R.; James
Jackson, T.; J. Henderson, F. s. : W. Wallace, K.
*».: K. D. Cunningham, S. W.; J. T. Vinal, J. W. ;
P. Ross, S. B. ; Josepn Baker, J. B.
Companions of the Forest.
Sherwood Circle C O. F., branch of the Friendly
Society of the A. O. P., has Installed the following
named officers: Mrs. Sadie Smith, P. C. C. ; Miss
Tillle Meyers, C. C; Mrs. Effle Furgoson, >?. C. C;
J. H. Smith, F. £.; Mrs. Luella Tacer, T.; Mrs.
Ksther Dunn, K. s-. ; Miss Martha r-chafer, R. G.;
Mrs. G. Yager, L. G.: Mrs. J. Chßrpot, L G. : Mrs.
Ko ph, O. 8.: Mrs. O. Goidwithe, O. ; Mrs. Si
Smitii. trustee. Th» installation was followed by
a ball and dance.
Knights of the GoldeN Eagle.
The officers of Golden Gate Castle were installed
last Monday by Grand Chief Jlcuowau, assisted
by Grand Master of Records G. is. Hanna.
' Oallrornla Castle conferred the: degrees on one
candidate at its las' held | meeting and will confer
tie third on two candidate* ne Wednesday. ■"
Assessment No. 1, the first under the classified
plan, has been levied.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
■■ llmilt >*^jr ss4?* „ —-'• *
MEW 10-DAT-DBTjGOOD«
\
RIBBONS!
RIBBONS!
We have just received direct from the manufacturer
TWO CASES BEST QUALITY MOIRE TAFFETA RIB-
BON, in all the latest Spring shades, and will offer them
to our customers, commencing Monday, January 18th,
at the following
I_,o-w- Prices :
450 pieces No. 40 TAFFETA _„-
MOIRE RIBBON JUCyard
375 pieces 5-INCH TAFFETA .__
MOIRE RIBBON 4 U^ yara
EMBROIDERIES!
EMBROIDERIES!
We will also commence to-morrow our ANNUAL
SALE OF FINE NAINSOOK and CAMBRIC EMBROID-
ERIES, in both EOQINQS and INSERTJNQS. These
Embroideries are in the newest patterns and are all the
finest class of goods, and range in price ; from 5c to 50c
per yard.
We invite our patrons to inspect our exhibition of
above goods in our show windows.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Are the biggest importers of
fancy groceries here and sell
lat prices which big buying
I commands.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday Wednesday
Lazeran sardines large 25c
4 regularly 35c and 25c. small 20c i
Boneless, French, excellent. If we |
didn't import them we couldn't sell
so low.
O. F. C. Taylor whiskey
One star, regularly $1 bot 75c j
three stars " $150 " $1 10
Half the folks you know have a cold ;
recommend O. F. C— pure.
French mustard bot 122 C
. regularly 15c
Prepared, good brand.
Carmel soap £ doz 45c
regularly 60c.
Made of pure olive oil in Palestine, the I
oldest olive country. Absolutely pure.
Eggs doz 25c
Have been 35c. -
Elsewhere 35c. French, ranch.
Chutneys quart 50c
regularly 75c and 50c. pint 'ice j
Our importation from Bombay.
Hauswaldt's vigor chocolate*
lb 40c
Known as the celebrated Kraft
cbocolade.
Catalogue cheerfully sent j
free. 1
__ 1
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tf 7TC AT Properly prepared and
I VI PiM I promptly served, can
xt " ** XJ — ' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the 1^ AT A Zip
Most Popular HA I AC Hi
Dining Apart- *• JTI.JUtIX.K.j'Lj
ment in town, m^at^^amamswmmmamigm
Q^hQ<HK><><K>O-0-0-C>
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
JkfXt^^^ggggpf Is the I'lace to Buy
ipp|| DESKS, CHAIRS
i|Ei-"l office furniture
|~jjpß^ iBBf 638-640 Mission St.
Hi i
• GREAT ;
I "%^ :
I OP THE ACE I
ill! Ill:
X Which is an external and internal '
1 , remedy without an equal. \
• HOT II NEW PREPARATION, BUT ORE :
| THAT UnSSTUOD THE MCE OVER S
I A QUARTER OF A GENTURY. |
♦ • Thousands of persons all j
j; over the United States
j; gratefully praise Dr. Mar-
\\ tin's Pain Curer and are ;
\\ never without it. ;
<> ,
(I ~ I
< ► The Curer is frse from all injurious <
' ' and poisonous properties, and is en* '
{ I tirely vegetable in its composition. It (
<• tones up and strengthens the system, i
1 1 purifies the blood, expels bad matter J
( } from the organs of the body generally, j
<' promotes digestion, regulates theappe- <
' ! tite and secures a healthy state of the J
(I system and its various functions. Taken <
4 ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, <
| \ - it keeps the mind cheerful and happy 4
( ) by promoting healthful aetlon of the .'
' ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, <
[I bowels, l^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, J
I I spinal ccßuin, and the whole nervous (
<• system. It is also especially always '
1 ' WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled J
I FOR THE PREVEHTIOH GURE I
i I ' -OF- I
| Kheumatlsm, Neuralgia, Pains in J
i i General, Bowel Complaints, Dys- •
4* pepsin. Dysentery, Cholera Mor- '
ll bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, (
<> Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous ■
* [ Complalntst Disease «f the Stem- '
§ ach and Bowels Generally, Liver j
i ■ Complaints, Kidney Complaint*, ,
'[ Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, <
« Local and General Debility, Head- \
< ' ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- i
J! ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, '
(I Swellings, Boils, Sores, ITloers, ]
<( Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises,
J Scalds, "Wounds, Costlv«ness, In- '
© dlgestioa. Skin Diseases, £xces- ,
Jj slve Itching* and many other
\ , ■ complaints too numerous to name
< I here. In a word, the great Pain
! ' Curer of the Age Is an unequaled
', family remedy. '
j; Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, '
i i L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for i
7 tbe Pacific Cc«st, San Jose, Cal. *
♦ For sale by all druggists. The trade ft
, , For sale by all druggists. The trade it
m supplied by Redington &Co Mack *1
Z & Co. andLangley & Michaels San I
a Francisco. ■ i
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTn»v»T