VOLUME T.rnr- *rnil
WHITNEY'S PLEA TO HIS PARTY
Advises the Democracy to
Adhere to a Single
Standard.
DEFEAT INEVITABLE IF
SILVER WINS.
He Declares Disaster Will Be
the Result of a Change
in Policy.
ASKS HIS BRETHREN TO BIDE
THEIR TIME.
Great Nations of the World Are Fast
Drifting Toward Co-operative
Bimetallism.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 21.— W. C. I
"Whitney to-day sent the following to the
press:
I find it necessary to make a public state- j
ment embodying my views of the, situation to ;
correct misconceptions and to save the time
now occupied in answering questions.
Far too great Importance has been attached j
to my decision to go to the Chicago conven- ■
tion. I have been practically out of politics
for four years, and there are now many East- i
crn Democrats who can do much more than I j
Oan for the party I shall not assume any po
sition ot leadership. My decision to stay was
simply based on the duty of every person who
believes in the party for its principles, to stand
by and lend his aid and take his chances when
a great crisis is upon it. There can be no
question but that a great crisis is upon the j
Democratic party. Fundamental differences of j
principle exist inside the party, marked almost ;
by sectional lines.
The great question to my mind is whether !
the party meets in convention now as in 1860,
with issues and differences that are for the
momeni irreconcilable.
For the past fifteen years leaders of public
opinion in the South and West have been ad
vocating as the great remedy for existing ills
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to
i. with or without the co-operation of other
nfitions. It has come to be believed in there
quite generally and conscientiously. A )«rge j
majority of the delegates to the coming Demo
cratic Convention have been elected by the
people for the purpose of incorporating that ;
doctrine into the platform of the Democratic j
party. Our people, on the other hand, entirely j
disagree with these views, ana believe almost j
nniversally that it will bring general ruin to
the business and prosperity of the country. It
is deemed a new doctrine when propose i to be
incorporated into the platform of the Nntional
Democracy. It >s true that in no previous '
platform oi the party can it speciticfUly be
found. Consequently no party obligations ;
heretofore assumed oblige them to subscribe |
to it.
Under these circumstances, if the results of i
the Democratic convention should be to es- !
tablish as the issue of this campaign the free
coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1, inde- '
pendent of other nations, in the intensity of j
feeling likely to arise, it is to be seriously ap- :
prehended that a disruption of the Demo
cratic party might occur. Certainly no sub
stantial following could be secured for the
doctrine among Eastern Democrats. They
might not vote the . Republican ticket for
other reasons (believing that the Reputlican |
party stands for other issues that are detri- |
mental to the country), but the Democrats in ;
the East would not, in my opinion, vote for it. j
This movement for iree coinage purports to
have for its object the establishment and
maintenance of gold and silver as the money
of the country, uDon equal terms with each
other and at a parity of purchasing power. If.
by the proposed measure, that object could be
secured, there would be no substantial dis
agreement in the party. Every National
Democratic platform that has hitherto spoken
upon the subject has declared for both gold
and silver money. It is our traditional policy.
But the maintenance of the double standard
at the present time is not a question of 1 desire
it is a question of ability.
The commercial value of silver has declined
greatly in the markets of the world. What
ever the causes are and whoever is to blame
the fact Is that silver has declined, and free
coinage now at 16 to 1 is the same as our offer
ing for all the silver in the world about twice
what it is selling for in the market. Interna
tional exchanges have to be paid in gold. And
it would seem plain that if we, under these
conditions, open our mints to free coinage of
Bilver and gold at a ratio of comparative value
which is largely at variance with the commer
cial value of the two metals, we must take
the entire silver surplus ourselves, and alone
maintain its parity with gold or else we shall
go to a silver basis.
France, in 1873, closed her mints against sil
ver and abandoned this experiment, deeming
herself unequal to the task alone, and at that
time it was much less difficult, for silver was
then at a parity with gold at the ratio in use,
and even England's mints in India were open
to the free coinage of silver.
If the experiment of maintaining the parity
of the two metals at a coinage standard was
difficult then, it would seem to be positively
hopeless now without International agree
ment. Germany, France, Belgium, Italy and
Austria believe in a double standard and de
sire to establish it, but no one, two or three of
them deem themselves able to maintain the
double standard even with the co-operation of
the United States.
If the result of the measures proposed would
be to carry us to a silver basis, it is not felt
here that such a proposal would be in line
with the principles of the Democratic party.
It is not the joint standard with the purchas
ing power of the dollars at parity with each
other, but it is changing from one standard to
another, and that change being to a depre
ciated coin.
And it Is also felt, aside from the absence of
any Democratic principle to sustain it, that
you cannot have such a disturbance of values
as would come from changing from a gold to a
silver basis without such a shock to confi
dence, the hoarding of gold and contraction
of your available circulating medium, as
would bring in the opinion of our people the
worst panic and distress we have ever seen in
th's country. :"'
The creditor classes are prepared for it The
obligations, mortgages, railroad and other
wise, are generally payable In gold. Debts
would still have to be paid in gold, but wages j
In silver. The sufferers, as usual, would be the
poorer classes.
This movement, purporting to be in the in
terest of the joint standard, comes at a most
Inopportune time, in my opinion. jSE^S
There has never been a time when the pros
pects of international action favorable to the
loin t standard were at all as promising as at
the present moment. But an illadvised, un
mccessful attempt here would discredit the
cause the world over.
What is the situation as regards this?
From the discussion of the last twenty years
it has come to pass that among the persons in j
The San Francisco Call.
Europe who are trained, recognized scientists
upon the monetary and economic questions
scarcely one is not at the present time advo
cating the desirability of the joint standard as
the real solution of the monetary difficulties
of the world. This includes every professor
engaged in teaching or lecturing on these sub
jects in the universities of Great Britain.
Tuey are agreed upon the desirability of it
and that it is entirely practicable if estab
lished and maintained by agreement of the
principal commercial nations.
It would be expected tnat, with such a gen
eral consensus of scientific opinion as is to be
found abroad upon this subject, it would come
rapidly to be the generally received opinion of
the nations to be affected by a wise settlement
of 'he problem.
Such is the case. Of the continental na
tions Germany was the one that in 1892 prac
tically broke up the conference which met at
the suggestion of the United States. She in
structed her delegates to meet and talk, but
to state to the conference that she would not
change her imperial standard. As her standard
was gold that announcement ended all possi
bility of any practical result from that con
ference. Since that time, and within the last
year, her legislative assemblies have spe
ciiically by votes of instructions to her Min
isters changed her attitude upon that point,
so that the specific objection of Germany en
countered by the conference of 1892 has been
since considered ana withdrawn.
At the present moment Germany, France,
Italy, Austria, Holland, Belgium and the
United States wish ta co-operate for the estab
lishment aud maintenance of the joint stand
ard by international agreement, and (a most
important circumstance) Great Britain has re
cently, within three months in fact, made a
most important concession. She has said:
"We will do for you as much as you can do for
yourselv.>~. We will make this great contribu
tion to a bimetallic svatem. AYe will go back
upon the deliberately arranged methods of
providing a currency lor India. We will re
open the Indian mints. We will engage that
they shall be kept open, and we shall there
fore provide for a free coinage of silver within
the limits of the British Empire for a popula
tion greater in number than the population of
Germany, France and America put together."
Into this long and now jus 1 about to be suc
cessful struggle for the establishment of the
joint siamiard it is proposed that we should
Intervene by assuming to establish it alone.
Against this proposed action on our part, these
farnest believers in and workers for the cause
trenuously protest. They say to us: "You
cannot succeed, and your failure will discredit
the cause."
The recent article of Dr. Ahrendt in the
North American Review shows verr clearly
the view taken by our friends abroad upon
this subject. He had done much and probably
more than any living man to advocate nnd
bring to its dominating position in Germany
this cause. One of the original organizer? of
the Bimetallic Le:igue in Germany, he is en
titled to be called one of the leaders of public
opinion in Europe upon this subject. It was
upon his motion in the Prussian Chmnberof
Deputies that the position of Germany was
modified within tbe last year.
He expresses the opinion that free coinage
undertaken by the United States alone would
simpiy end in silver monometallism and dis
credit and put back the CHSM of the double
standard the world over.
It is a question not what we wish, but what
we are able to do. A strong man may under
take a task too great for bis Ktrength and break .
down.
It cannot be denied that the feeling among
our people is that this free coinage by the
United States alone wil! not give us the gold
and silver money at a narity with each other
(which is the assumption upon which it is
ur.i r : aken)! but will bring to v- silver mono
metallism and a change in the standard of
values. And that change, it is believed, means
immpdiate ruin to our industries and no per
manent good to any one.
This feeling is general and intense. Whether
these differences can be reconciled it is impos
sible to anticiptate. The Democratic party
stands for principles desirable to be main
tained fur the good of the country. Almost
any sacrifice might be askod of Democrats for
the sake of the party and they would cheer
fuliymakeit. But if the delegates from this
locality should go to that convention and rep
resent that the rank and file of the party would
follow the lead of the Southern brethren and
vote for the free coinage of silver by the
United States alone, he would be misrepre
senting the state of public opinion here.
Wheth'-r it is so or not it is considered a
proposition to debase the existing standard of
values. And the same feeling of indisposition
to compromise with that matter for votes or
anything else is as active and dominant here
in our party as it was found in the Republican
party when it bore down and overpowered the
McKinley machine.
Personally It is my opinion that if the Demo
cratic party goes on that platform this time
they will meet the most disastrous defeat that
any party has ever had in this country. I un
derstand it is honestly believed in and people
think it will bring relief from their present
trouble-; but between now and election day
it will be pretty thoroughly sifted and the peo
ple of this country will not face the disturb
ance in values, the loss of confidence, the gen
eral distress and ruin which would come to
their business interests in sucti a change in
the standard of value as would arise from such
action. And it will, in my opinion, overwhelm
the persons who undertake it.
It ought not to be necessary for me to say
anything of a personal nature. I find myself,
however, spoken of here and there as a possi
ble candidate— not very seriously or promi
nently, Dut sufficiently to attract attention if
1 should fail to notice it. It sometimes affects
one's influence in cases like the present. I
have p.o personal motive in entering this fight.
I have said that 1 would not be a candidate.
I will add, copying the emphatic language once
used by the late General Sherman (I think I
remember it correctiy): "I will not run if
nominated, nor serve if elected."
I am not foolish enough to suppose that any
Eastern man could be nominated Dy this con
vention, much less that I could be. I sympa
thize thoroughly with the feeling In tne South
that has caused this uprising, and will find its
expression at Chicago, but as to the principles
which the uprising has brought forth and the
issues being framed, I entirely disagree.
William c. Whitney.
LABORING FOR GOLD.
Efforts of thp Administration to
Stem the Rush of the Sli
ver Tide.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 21.-Ad
ministration Democrats here are co-oper
ating with W. 0. Whitney of New York in
his effort to stem what is termed the silver
tide and to change the apparent silver
complexion of the Chicagoconvention into
one for gold. The first practical move in
that direction made here has been to se
cure a list of all the delegates-elect to the
Chicago convention. More than two
thirds of these have been chosen. All the
delegates chosen who are either instructed
for siiver or are believed to incline to sil
ver will at once be communicated with
personally.
These delegates for weeks past have been
receiving "sound money" literp.ture from
the New York and Boston reform clubs,
but they will now, it is asserted, be
solicited by letter. Efforts will also be
made to ascertain their stnnding in their
communities and what influence, if any,
of a local or National nature can be
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 22, 1896.
brought to bear on them to change their
views on the money Question. To this end
prominent bankers ajid merchants in the
communities in which the delegates reside
will be written to for information, and
when in hand this information, with any
political pressure that can be brought
from their fellow Democrats, locally or
Nationally, will be utilized in the direction
of the well-known views of the adminis
tration.
SILVER MEN CONTROL.
Ohio's Democratic Convention
WUI Declare for a Double
Standard.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 21.— The free
silver Democrats are so confident of con
trolling the State convention here this
week that they are now disputing over the
honors. There are seven candidates for
delegates at large— John McLean, John
W. Bookwalter, Allen W. Thurman, Gen
eral E. B. Finley, E. J. Blondin, L. E.
Wolden and A. J. Warner. McLean and
Bookrwalter are practically agreed upon.
The other five will contest for the two re
maining places. Allen W. Thurman will
probably be made chairman of the con
vention, to take the place declined by
John A. McMahon. No candidates are
yet announced for the State offices to be
tilled this year.
All interest centers in the action of the
convention on the financial question. The
gold-standard Democrats concede that a
large majority of the delegates to the
State convention are in favor of free silver.
The minority will contain some strong
men, however, among them ex-Congress
man Tom L. Johnson, Frank Hurd and
John A. McMahon, and they will at least
enter a protest against free silver, and it
may be a very vigorous one.
DEPENDS UPON NEW YORK
Commissioner Lamoreux on the
Prospects for a Gold Bolt
at Chicago.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 21.— Hon. S. W.
Limoreux, Commissioner of the General
Land Office, who is making a tour of the
West, passed Sunday in Seattle, leaving
to-night for Portland and thence for San
Francisco. He is a compamed by Mrs.
Lamoreux and a party of friends. The
Commissioner is looking up Land Office
matters, especially affairs relating to the
Surveyor-General. Congressional appro
priations for his department this year
amount to about $350,000, more an $100,
--000 in excess of last year's allotment, and
the Commissioner is endeavoring to see
that an equitable distribution of funds to
various States for survey and other pur
poses is made.
On matters relating to politics Commis
sioner Lanioreaux was more or less reti
cent. He is for sound money, bat fears
the result of the Chicago convention. The
free silver men, he believes, will be in the
majority. In response to a query as to
whether the single gold standard men
would walk out of the convention in the
event of the nomination of a free silver
candidate Commissioner Lamoreux re
plied :
"T/iat would depend much npon the
action of Ne>r York and "Pennsylvania,
especially the Empire State delegation and
Hill. Should New York stay in the con
vention there would be no bolt."
GOLD PLANK NEEDED.
On a Sound Money Platform, Says
Roswal! P. Flower, the Democ-
racy Can Win.
WATERTOWN, N. V., June 21.— Ex-
Continued on Second J'nge.
One of These Six Men May Be Nominated for President by the Democratic National Convention
at phicago.
ANGRY SPANIARDS
THREATEN WAR,
Liberal Senators Demand
That America Be
Censured.
PURCHASE OF WARSHIPS
The Government Negotiates a
Heavy Loan From the
Rothschilds.
RELIES UPON OUTSIDE AID.
Rage of the Dons Increased by the
Cuban Resolutions Adopted at
St. Louis.
MADRID, Spain, June 21.— The Liber
als have introduced in the Senate a mo
tion censuring the United States for iheir
attitude regarding Cuba.
LONDON, E>-g., June 21.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Madrid says the plat
form adopted by the St. Louis Convention
has caused much anger in Spain, and that
a conflict with the United States is almost
certain.
The Rothschilds have loaned the Gov
! ernment 100,000,000 pesetas, and the money
i will be mostly applied to the purchase of
i warships. The Government is responding
i to an undoubted national sentiment, trust
ing, probably, to receiving help from other
j>owers.
COLONEL NUNIA ARRESTED.
Charged With Complicity in the Bermuda
Filihu/ttering Trip.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., June 21.—
I Colonel Nuuez. the Cuban ' patriot,
! arrived here late Saturday night
I and was arrested by United States
j Marshal McKay on a warrant sworn
! out by the Spanish Vice-Consul, charging
J him with aiding in fitting out the expedi
; tion which sailed from this port on April
!27 on the steamer Bermuda. Colonel
! Nunez came here to surrender himself.
' He will have a hearing before United
j States Commissioner Locke Monday.
GALLAGHER'S BODY.
Several Claimants for the Person and
Property of the Califorman Found
Off Ellis 'land.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 21.— The Cor
oner's office to-duy received the following !
telegram:
SAN tfRANOIBCO, Cat.., June 21.— Hold my •
brother Faragele's property until you hear
from me. Patrick Gallagher.
The body of the man was floating in the
bay off Ellis Island Thursday, and in nis j
clothes were found a draft for $1000 and
$I.V> in cold.
The body was later identified by Mrs.
Crane of fi3l Greenwich street as that of
Faragele Gallagher, a ranchman of Cali
fornia. Yesterday Mrs. Crane visited
the Coroner's oilice and requested that
the property be given to her, claiming
that she was a relative of the deceased,
but it was refused by the clerk. Poon
after Mrs. Crane had left a young man,
about 25 years of age, called at the office
ar.d requested that the property be given
to him, claiming that the dead man was
his uncle. He was told to call to-morrow.
KILLED BY SAFE-ROBBERS.
An Officer and His Dog Lose Their Lives
in Attempting to Capture Two
Burglars.
.NORTH BALTIMORE, Ohio, June 21.—
Shortly after midnight last night Deputy
Marshal Jesse Baker of this place sur
prised two burglars at work on the safe in
the postollice. He entered the office, ac
companied by .his bulldog, whereupon the
men rushed out of a rear door, with the
officer and dog in close pursuit. The dog
attacked one of the men, who turned and
shot the animal twice and then leveled his
revolver and tired at Baker, who had also
shot a couple of times, the bullet entering
the officer's left eye.
About twenty -five persons were in front
and near the postoffice when the shooting
occurred. They ran to the alley, where
they found the dog dead and Baker ap
parently so. The burglars ii ad, however,
completely disappeared.
The wounded man was taken to his
home, where he died a few hours later
without regaining consciousness. A hat
dropped by the murderers is the only clew
left behind.
WAS A BOGUS BLANTHER.
Discovery Made by the Vienna
Police in Comparing
Photographs.
Mrs. Langfeldt's Murderer Must Have
Stolen the Decorations He Lft
in This City.
VIENNA, Austria, June 2l.— The publi
cation here of a warrant issued in San Fran- !
Cisco for the arrest of Joseph yon Bianther, i
an ex-officer of the Austrian army, who is \
supposed to hitvo murdered a woman ;
named Mrs. Langfeldt, has led to the dis- j
covery of two photographs of Yon Blan
ther. Thes« photographs, when compared j
with one of the murderer which has been
received here, show that they are not pic- :
tures of the same man. The police here j
believe that the murderer, prior to kill- ,
ing Mrs. Langfeldt, had stolen the papers j
from the real Yon Bianther, which, being [
found by the San Francisco police, led i
them to believe that ttie murderer's true j
name was Yon Bianther.
Herr Josef yon Bianther ia yet remem- -
bered in Austrian military circles as Lieu- '
tenant Josef Hitter yon Bianther, Knight
of the Order of the Austrian Crown and j
o! Jtf-. Italian C.-own. Tbe police of Ran !
Francisco believo that after having com
caitted the crime he left America and re
turned to Austria, and the police of '
Vienna are now trying to find him. As a
young officer, at the age of 19, Bianther ,
served during the occupation of Bosnia ,
and Herzegovena by the Austro-Hun- j
parian army in 1878. He had to '
defend with his company the position i
of a battery against the attack of the Bos- |
man insurgents, who were in superior
force. Almost all the men of his company
A VICTORY FOR THE PEOPLE.
and of the battery were killed or wounded.
Bianther and a sergeant remained un
touched. He commanded and loaded and
fired a gun with his own hands and forced
the insurgents to retire. He received the
Order of the Iron Crown, it being the first
case of so young an officer being decorated
with this high orJer. At a review of the
Vienna garrison Lieutenant yon Bianther
was presented to King Humbert, who
granted him the Order of the Italian
Crown. Afterwards Bianther ran heavily
into debt and was compelled to leave the
country.
THE SITUATION IN CRETE.
Steamers Sent to the /stand for the Pur-
pose of Removing Christian Women
and Children.
ATHENS, Greece, June 21.— Two steam
ers have gone from the Piraus for the pur
pose of removing from Crete the Christian
women and children who are desirous of
leaving the island because of the insurrec
tion there against Turkish rule.
The insurgents have refused to accept
the terms of the Porte, which, in effect,
are that they lay down their arms before
the matter of reforms is considered. The
situation is deplorable. Christian villages
have been seized by the TurKish troops
and hundreds of families are wandering
about in the hills in an absolutely desti
tute condition. The turkish troops have
retired to Bukolis and the Christians have
advanced to Aiikianou. ,
VALE'S CREW IN ENGLAND.
In Magnificent Condition for the Work
Hi- fore Them.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 21.-A special
cable dispatch to the Sun from London j
says:
The Yale crew had their first glimpse of j
royalty to-day on a sailing launch with j
Secretary Cooper of the Henley royal j
regatta: On their run to Maidenhead
the Prince of Wales and the Duke and
Duchess of Cork passed, boating from
Windsor.
The Yale crew were , entertained at j
Friar's Lodge and got back to quarters for i
dinner at 8 o'clock, with Mr. Cooper as a
guest. '- ? £'-I-
To-morrow the Leander first Trinity and
New College eights will be up, with a host
of oarsmen in addition, to begin training.
Yale begins her second week hopefully,
after splendid progress thus far. Cook is
much encouraged and the men are in mag- J
nificent condition to stand no end of work. I
•>
TVPI'EH'S KIfiRET.
The Canadian Premier on Alien Labor
. Legislation in Congress.
ST. CATHERINES, o>"r., June 21.— Sir
Charles Tupper, Premier of Canada, in a
political speech here yesterday said he re- J
gretted the alien-labor legislation of the i
United States Congress, and added : _ ,^^\
"If the Americans persist in carrying ;
oat a method so unfair it will compel the |
Government and Parliament of Canada to ;
take that subject up at no distant date, :
with' a view ot protecting the industries
and people of Canada."
Cholera Spreading in Egypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, June 21.— The official
cholera statistics show that yesterday
there were reported throughout Egypt 140
new cases and 114 deatbs. The disease is
decreasing at Cairo and Alexandria and
increasing in the provinces.
r*H^E FIVE CENTS.
Representative Bowers on
the Nomination of
McKinley.
MEANS A RETURN TO
PROSPERITY.
None Could Stay the Will of
the Masses Who Demand
Protection.
CERTAIN OF A TRIUMPH IN
NOVEMBER.
The Republican Nominee Will Win
Because of the Policy He
Advocates.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., June 21.-Hon. W.
W. Bowers, member ot Congress from the
Seventh District, is at his home here. He
was interviewed for The Call regarding
the work of the St. Louis convention, and
as he is and nas been a free-coinage man,
his views are interesting. He said:
•'I indorse everything they did at St.
Lotus, with the exception of the gold
plank in the platform. .Now, before I give
you my position on that. Jet me say that
the St. Louis convention could no more
keep from nominating McKinley than the
country can from electing him. I tell you
the people are mighty slow, but when
they get started everything has to give
way. All the politicians were against Mc-
Kinley, but he went in. No power on
earth will prevent that man from being
President of the United States. The sim
ple fact is that the people are bound to
have him and that settles it.
"As to the financial plank: lam a free
coinage man — a silver man out and out —
because I know the conspiracy that robbed
the people; 1 know tue scoundrelism and
thievery of the syndicates that throw tMs
country into debt and rob the people
through the power of gold. Therefore the
gold plank in the platform is not accord
ing to my wish; but the great majority of
my party has decided that it wants gold.
I knew it did, and so 'lid every man who
kept in touch with the sentiment. I will
not bolt my party because the plank is not
to my liking. The bolters drop out of
sight, whiie the party sails grandly on.
I will stick to silver and work for it, but
strictly within the lines of my party.
There is no good that can come from bolt
ing the Republican ticket. The way to
accomplish the Uopes ot free-coinage ad
herents is to work in the party until a
majority may be won, es the gold adher
ents have won this time.
'"But there is no use talking about silver
when a greater issue is before the people.
The one great issue is the American policy
of protection. McKinley, by good fortune,
is connected with the protective policy
more closeiy than any man. The Ameri
can people never had a good chance to test
the difference between protection and
something else until the Wilson bill went
into effect. The change has been so ap
palling in all kinds of business that Demo
crats, as well as Republicans, are j,oing to
have protection. There is no use talking,
the people are going to get back into the
middle of the road, and you can split on
financial policies and everything else, bnt
McKinley is going in because he repre
sents what the people want — protection
to American labor and American manu
factures.
"Look at the situation: the Honse of
Representatives Republican, the Senate
controlled by Populists, the President a
Democrat. What was the result? Nothing.
Each can blame the other, and there you
are. Now, there will be a change and
don't you forget it. The whole thing will
be Republican, root arid branch, and pro
tection will be the thing tnat does it."
McKINLEY AT WORSHIP.
His Pastor Draws a Moral From the
Action Taken at St.
Louis,
CANTON, Ohio, June 21.— Major Mc-
Kinley passed his first Sunday as the Re
publican .Presidential candidate in much
the same manner as previous Sundays had
been spent by him. The principal change
was in his surroundings and not in his ac
tions. His hospitable home sheltered be
neath its roof an unusual number of occu
pants. There were Mr. and Mrs. Abner
McKinley of New York and General Rus
sell H. Hastings, wife and son of
the Bermudas. Then there were
several members of the family who
came in to spend the day. The people
respected the sanctity of the day and the
quiet of the family, and aside from Dr.
Phillips, the family physician, who merely
dropped in to make sure that all was well,
there were no calUrs save the visiting
newspaper correspondents.
In the morning Major McKinley at
tended divine worship, as his custom was,
in the First Methodist Church. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Hastings and Cap
tain Hiestar.d, U. S. A., who for several
years acted as inspector-general of the
Ohio militia on the Governor's staff. The
audience-room was not crowded but well
filled with the usual congregation. Major
McKinley at church was so much felt* ac
customed thing'that not even as a Presi
dential candidate did he attract beyond,
probably, a score of strangers, and most
of these were visiting newspaper men.
Dr. Edmunds, the pastor, advertised his
topic as "Success nnd Its Attainment,"
and so pertinent was it to the situation
that nearly every one expected him to
speak laigely upon the event of the wee*.
But he used it only as a contrast, the con
nection between it and his theme being
wholly inferential. In describing the
conditions and requirements of a success
ful candidate loi the prize of immortal
life, the preacher showed a Knowledge of
practical political methods that could
have been the result only of close obser
vation. In the opening prayer the pastor
referred in these words to his distinguished
auditor:
"And now, 0 Lord, for a moment hea r2
us 'while we turn in this home church to
him whose name is on all our lips, and to
whom all our hearts go out. Bless him in
the future, as thou hast in the past, with
wisdom and strength, that he may dis
charge aright all the momentous duties
which thou hast laid upon him."
Dr. Edmunds' text was the words in the
tenth and eleventh verses of the first
chapter of the second general epistle 6i
Peter: "Wherefore ye rather, brethren,
give diligence to make your calling and
election sure; for if ye do these things ye
shall never fall; for so an entrance shall
be ministered unto you abundantly into
the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and
Savior. Jesus Christ.' 1
Tneopen;ng words of the sermon were
his O&ly direct utterances upon the suh
ject prominent, if not uppermost, in the
minds of his hearers: "We have j^st
passeJ through a week whose historic sig
nificance none are disposed to underesti
mate. The hi.- best attainment of free
government was illustrated and the sacred
privileges of American citizenship exer
cised in the choice of men and measures
representing a vast number of our fellow
citizens. Momentous in its results though
that great gathering was it is to-day in
this place only suggestive of a still more
important event in which ail are indefi
nitely interested.' 1
The tirst condition of a sure ejection, he
said, was that a man must announce hia
candi iacy. To succeed he mast command
a stronger constituency than his secret in
clinations. A second requirement, "to
have a platform, then stand on it. To
be Dassive, knowing nothing, believing
nothing, may be freedom to an oyster, but
not to a man. He will think, draw con
clusions, and these wiil crystallise into be
l:e;s coven, ir;g his life. What can more
certainly rt-iegate to the rear, win the
contempt of all men and overw elm witn
just deieat a party or its advocates than
Laving no ; iaiform on which to rest, rep
rt-e:;ting no principle, the champion of
:ay cause? '
A third element, largely determinative
of the victory for which the candidate
strives, was the courage with which he
made the struggle. 'Whatever else may
be deprecated in the methods of modern
:ai contests," said the preacher, "this
one thing can but command the admira
tion of ail — the subiime confidence with
which each party organization advocates
Avy. No matter how unfavorable
the conditions there is no shrinking, no
iaitenng , no uncertain sound in the trum
pet calls to united and decisive action."
After the service was over Major McKin
ley put his mother's arm within his own
and made his way to the door, responding
to many cordial and kindly greetings from
friend 3 and neighbors. Putting her into
the family carriage sh* was driven home,
w bile he entered another carriage in which,
with Ai>oer McKinley and Mrs. McKinley,
he returned to his own home.
SHOUP IS LOYAL.
He Will Reman With His Party to
Labor for Sliver In Its
Councils.
CHICAGO, 111., June 21. — Senator
George F. Shoup of Idaho will not join
the poaticai orphans of the silver States
who followed Senator Teller out of the St.
Louio Convention. The senior Senator
from Idaho is in the city and states em
phatically that he believes it is more to
the interests of his constituency for him
to remain in the Republican party and
fight under the old standard than to seek
reaef from a demoralized Democracy or a
disorganized minority.
■■"iVLile I do not wish to criticize my
colleague, Senator Dubois," said the vet
eran Rocky Mountain statesman, "I think
he possibly erred in seeking relief in a
bolt from the St. Louis Convention. In
doing so he exercised his own privilege.
In refusing to concur in that plan of
remedy I exercise mine.
"It remains for the people of Idaho to
decide which is the panacea for the ills of
the silver question. I am loyal at all
times to the iree and unlimited coinage oi
the white metal at a ratio of 16 to 1, and
will always work for the interests of my
constituency, but I believe tbe best plan
for the people to pursue is to elect free
silver men to Congrees from the old-estab
lished parties, until a working majority
insures the passage of a free-coinage bill
with sufficient votes to pass it over a
Presidential veto if necessary. As a Re
publican Senator I would have more influ
ence with a Republican Senate than one
who had read himself out of the party.
"It remain* to be seen whether the silver
men can control the next Congress, and.
if so, whether the next President would
veto a free-coinage bill.
"I do not wish to criticize Senator Teller
for his action. I have known him for
years, and known him to be a man who
has a great depth of sincerity. His State
is behind him unanimously. If the peo
ple of Idaho decide that I am wrong in
expecting future relief by sticking to the
old party then I will resign as National
Committeeman and abide by their wishes."
OUTLOOK IN WYOMING.
Senator Warren Predicts a Victory
for McKlnley and Hobart In
November.
CHICAGO, 111., June 21. —Senator Fran
cis EL Warren of Cheyenne. Wyo., is at
the Auditorium, having just arrived from
Ft. Louis. Regarding the situation in
Wyoming he said:
"Wyoming is a Republican State, and
in my judgment we will carry it this fall
for the Republican National ticket, al
though the contest will be fiercely fought,
especially in case Henry M. Teller is in
dorsed by the Chicago convention. The
right will be harder and the margin
smaller than if there had been a more lib
eral construction of bimetallism and a less
harsh sentiment on the part of those who
believed in gold monometallism at the
Bt. Ixmis convention.
"The people of my State believe that the
Republican party has always been a party
of bimetallism, and that notwithstanding
the extreme view of tbe qjestion now
taken by the Eastern element of the party
it will yet be forced to leave the field of
monometallism. The Republican wave
toward English principles of finance will
soon recede, just as the Democratic wave
toward free trade has receded."
Senator Warren is personally strouely
in favor of the election of McKinley and
Hobart, and will do his utmost to carry
his State for the ticket.
PERRY BELMONT'S VIEWS.
He Says Much Depends Upon
Future Interpretation of the
Platform.
PARIS, France, June 21. — In the course
of an interview to-day with a reporter of
the United Press, Hon. Perry Belmont
made the following remarks about the
gold plank adopted by the St. Louis Re
publican Convention:
"If the Republican platform adopted at
St. Louis shall be interpreted by Mr. Mc-
Kinley and the Republican party as a
mandate to obey the coinage law of 1873
and coin no more silver dollars until in
ternational free bimetallic coinage on a
fixed ratio may come, and if it is intended
to resolutely enforce the mandate by
diplomacy and legislation and accomplish
international bimetallism, the work done
will be beneficial; but the contrary will
happen if the platform shall be interpreted
as permitting or encouraging the renewal
of treasury s:!ver-r>urchasing and the coin
ape on Government account of more 50
--cent silver dollars on the theory of the re
pudiated i-htrman law of 1390.
"Even a country so rich in natural re
sources as ours, so removed from European
war disturbances, so powerful in industry
and tne vigor of its seventy millions of
people, cannot safely endure such con
tinual strain.
"But the Republican Convention ad
journed without even suggesting an ade
quate remedy. To proclaim the main
tenance of the gold standard, to demand
a McKinley tariff, is no remedy, especially
when no methods are specified whereby
the needed gold can be secured in some
other way than by renewed bond selling.
The plea of tte Sherman law of 1890 was
also the maintenance oi the gold standard.
Nevertheless, an! despite Republican eva
sion, you may depend upon it that, cost
what it may, the people of our country
will insist that all antecedent indebted
ness-National, State and municipal —
shall be paid if demanded in the gold dol
lars specified or implied in the contracts.
No railway or other corporation will by
any law be released from sucu obligation."
NO CAUSE FOR THE BOLT.
Foraker Says the St. Louis Conve
tion but Reiterated Old-Tfme
Principles.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 21.— The Mc-
Kinley and Hobart ratirication meeting at
Muac HaJl last night was under the aus
pices of the Stamina Club. In speaking
of the piatform adopted at St. Louis, Sen
ator Foraker had this to say in regard to
the financial plank:
It bas constantly and repeatedly been de
clared by both parties that bimetallism was
desirable in preference to gold or silver mono
metallism. Both oi the parties have agreed
that we could maintain the parity of the two
metals and bring about bimetallism again by
an international agreement. Some peopie
have insisted in the meamrbile that if wecouid
not do it that way we couid do it alone with
out regard to wnat other nations might see
fit to do. The Republican party has con
stantly, consistently and persistently stood up
against that idea.
Four years ego, when we held the conven
tion at Minneapolis, it was my fortune to
be the chairman ot the committee on reso
lutions, as I was at the St. Louis convention,
aud it was my fortune to be associated on that
committee with Senator Teller. He and his
associates from the silver Ptates came to that
convention and came be-fore that committee
asking us to insert a plank pledging the Re
publican party to the free coinage of silver.
We refused to do it. We declared that we
were in favor of international bimetallism,
but thai until that was brought about it ivouM
be cur policy to maintuin silver at a parity
with gold Dy issuing no more of it ttittn could
be maintained at a parity with gold.
They accepted the result and remained in
the Republican party. They did noifeel called
upon to go out of the party tnen; their con
sciences did not seem to trouble them so much
then as now. When the last session of Con
gress commenced, as a result of the Demo
cratic free-trade experiment, the Government
was iound to have deficient revenues- not
enoueh revenues to meet its current expenses.
A bill was prepared in the Hous« and passed
that body without partisan division, almost,
providing for an increase of revenue. That
bill was known as the Dingley bill. It went
to the Senate. The National credit, the Na
tional honor, the National life was at stake.
These gentlemen said the bill was unobjec
tionable, but they refused to vote for it (that
is, six of these gentlemen from silver States
did) unless the great majority of those who
did not agree with them would sacrifice their
convictions and vote for the free, unlimited
and unrestricted coinage of kilver. The great
majority in tbe Senate would not be coerced
by that minority.
That action upon the part of these people
directed the attention to that subject as it had
not been directed before, and therefore when
we met at St. Louis conditions were ripe, not
for a different stand to be taken by the Repub
licans, but for more explicit declarations of
our principles than we had heretofore made,
and inasmuch as they had thrown down the
cage of battle by demanding free silver and
seeking to coerce us to accept, we concluded
it was a good time to meet them naif way,
join issues and let the battle come.
To conclude with a word, the point I was
seeding to make was this: That when Senator
Teller and his associates bolted the party at
the St. Louis convention they had no cause for
it whatever that did not exist four years before
at the Minneapolis convention, and when the
Republican party made the declaration it did
make at St. Louis it did not change its position
one particle, but simply made it absolutely
certain in order that there could be a settle
ment of that question— that the fr^e and inde
pendent and unlimited coinage of silver is a
proposition that we will not entertain. We
will not entertain it because in our judgment
It does not, as Senator Teller and his associates
claim, mean bimetallism, but simply silver
monometallism.
WHITNEY'S PLEA
TO HIS PARTY.
Continued from First Page.
Governor Flower returned from Albany
yesterday and will epend the summer in
Watertown. He believes that a united
Democracy can bring about the adoption
of a sound money plank at Chicago and
the election of a Democratic President.
He will go to the National convention as a
delegate at larire. He said last night:
"If the Democratic press of the city of
New York desires the election of a Demo
cratic President it would be a matter
easily accomplished. They reach the
Democrats of New York, New Jersey and
Connecticut. If they would pledge them
selves to exert their influence to
ward the carrying of these three
States on a platform that would provide
for maintaining the present standard of
money and all the different kiuds of issues
of it, ordered by the Government, at par
with gold, so that the delegation from New
York could go to Chicago pledging the
convention that we would carry New
York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I be
lieve that the South and the West, or
enough electoral votes from them, could be
obtained to elect a Democratic President.
"But if we go to the National convention
without some definite pledges to them
they may not listen t6 us. I believe that
the defeat of the Republican party if pos
sible. What we want is honest intentions,
and as soon as we can satisfy the European
powers of our soundness on the currency,
confidence will be res ored and the vast
wealth of Europe will seek the United
States for investment."
Jerry Sitnpson Indorsed.
WICHITA, Kans., June 21.— The Popu
lists of 8< dgwick County in convention
yesterday indorsed Jerry Simpson for Con
gr ss and L. D. Levelling for Governor.
Tney also eulogized Henator Teller and his
col'eagues for bolting the St. Louis con
vention.
Chinese Emperor's Mother Dead.
PEKIN, China, Jane 2L~The mother of
the Emperor of China died on Friday.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTTXE 22, 18<>C>.
QUARREL OF THE
GERMAN PRINCES
Kaiser William Adds Fuel
to the Fires of Their
Wrath.
RENEWS THE UPROAR.
Honors Bestowed Upon Him Who
Styled tbe Eavarians
Vassals.
THEY RESENT HIS ACTION.
Sooth G?rmany in Arms Against the
Arrogance of the Prussian
Regime.
BERLIN, Germany. June 21.— The ex
citement which prevailed throughout the
South German States over the incident at
the banquet at the Deutsche Verein in
Moscow upon the occasion of the Czar's
coronation, when the president of the
banquet alluded to the German Princes
as members of the suite of Prince Henry
of Prussia, was subsiding rnpidly, but it
has now received a fresh impulse by the
bestowal of the Order of the Bed Ea<*le by
the Emperor upon the chairman whose
words evoked a violent protest from
Prince Ludwig of Bavaria, who resented
the president's words by indignantly de
claring that the Princes alluded to were
neither members of Prince Henry's suite
nor vassals of the German Empire.
The Bavarian press, in commenting upon
the act of the Emperor in decorating the
president of the banquet, interpret it as
a new act of provocation on the part of
Prussia, although it is a clearly customary
action toward an official receiving a rep
resentative of the Kaiser, in which capacity
Prince Henry went to Moscow.
Prince Luitpold, Regent of Bavaria, has
sought to hush up the the uproar caused
by the words of the president of the ban
quet, and the resentful speech of his son
and the heir to the Bavarian throne,
Prince Ludwig, but popular feeling bas
been too strong, as was shown in the en
thusiastic demonstration at the closing of
the session of the Bavarian Landtag in
Munich, when Prince yon Walther
thanked the royal house for watching and
jealously preserving the independence of
Bavaria and her guaranteed treaties. This
expression was received with cheers, which
were prolonged many minute*. In addi
tion to this, the patriotic associations in
all parts of South Germany are sending
congratulatory messages and addressee to
Prince Ludwig in great profusion.
The Catholic party is especially taking
the lead in the resurgence of the particu
larist agitation, and the Catholic press is
vehement in its denunciation of the per
sistent attempts to force the Prussian
regime upon the independent States of
German} 1 . The Berlin Government, In
the -meantime, is viewing the agitation in
the South German States very quietly, and
the Berlin newspapers treat the matter
lightly, as though the particularist senti
ment in the south of Germany were a
quantity not worth serious consideration.
The National Gazette characterizes the
excitement as puerile, but however lightly
the Government and press may view the
agitation it cannot be dismissed in that
fashion. The fact is that tbe present out
burst is due to a feelinj; which has long
been in the air of South Germany, wuere
the people and the princes alike have
silently resented the autocratic acts
and speeches of the Kaiser. Legislative
proposals like the wine tax which hits
all Germany hard without touching Prus
sia, the vexatious treatment of the South
German line 3by the Prussian railways,
and the dealings between the pos
tal authorities of Prussia and the
South German States have combined to
keep particularism alive. The present ag
itation, which is giving free vent to long
restrained sentiments, is liKely to do good
to tlie whole country, and after all it is a
family squabble which does not ia any
way affect the unity of the empire.
In the meantime Prince Ludwig, whose
violent words at the banquet were the sig
nal for the popular outburst of feeling*,
has found it prudent, or at least conveni
ent, to go to his hunting Beat in Hungary,
to remain until the excitement is allayed.
It is said by those who are in a position to
know that his departure for Hungary was
taken with a view of avoiding the rousing
ovations which the people of Munich and
other places were preparing to give him.
The passage of the Government's bourse
bill, prlhibitin* futures and certain other
transactions on the German bourses, has
already resulted in eight Berlin bankers
dealing in stocks opening branch estab
lishments in Copt Hall in London and
also in Brussels and Antwerp, with a view
of continuing their dealings in time trans
actions, which are forbidden here. The
statement made by the Rhenish West
phalian Gazette, that the German Govern
ment, acting upon a motion made in the
Reichstag by Count yon Kanitz, had made
overtures to France with a view of having
that Government join Germany in the
suppression of time dealings in grain, is
believed to be baseless. Just now it would
be impossible for France to entertain such
a proposal.
The nomination of Mr. McKintey for
the Presidency of the United States by the
Republican convention is hailed here with
satisfaction, so far as the security of a gold
currency is concerned, but there are fears
that his election would mean the enact
ment of a prohibitive tariff by the Ameri
can Congress. Several Berlin exporters
who have recently visited the United
States for the purpose of studying the situa
tion, with a view of devising means to give
impetus to German trade, have returned
here with the conviction that no improve
ment can be expected within a measurable
time. However, it is only German drugs,
colors and chemicals that are stationary.
Kid gluves and paper goods find a ready
market in tue United States.
Herr Lutaenen, who was recently elected
to the Reichstag by the Socialists of Dort
mund, has become involved in a Jibel suit
between the Dortmund Anzeiger and the
Arbeiter-Zeitung, a Socialist newspaper.
The Auzeiger published an article alleging
that Lutgenen had been alone in a private
room of a restaurant owned by a man
named Osthues, a Socialist friend of Lut
genen, with Frau Osthues, and that they
were playing chess for kisses. The An
zeiger asserted that the servants in the
restaurant bored holes In the door of the
private room, through which thej observed
the alleged pame of kisses. Tbe Arbeiter-
Zeitunc took up the cudgels in behalf ol
Lutgenen and called the editor of the
Anzeiger all sorts of names, whereupon
tbe latter brought an action for libel
against the ArDeiter-Zeitung, which re
sulted in a judgment auainst the Socialist
paper, which was lined 50 marks. A further
result of fche trial is that Lutgenen has
been compromised, and whatever useful
ness he may have possessed as a representa
tive legislator has been srreatly impaired.
The Vorwaerts, the leading Socialist
paper, asserts that a number of Silesian
landowners are entering into a combina
tion with the object of obtaining coolies
from China to replace the native German
laborers and the Russians and Poles now
employed in farm and field work. Ac
cording to the Vorwaerts, a Berlin agent
has arranged to supply the required num
ber of coolies ai a mark (about 25 cents) a
day per head, all expenses included.
Herr Rosenthal, the pianist, will begin a
professional tour of the United States on
November 10.
According to the Madgeburg Zeitung,
the powers have addressed a collective
note to Turkey advising an immediate
meeting of the Cretan Assembly, the re
vival of the Halepa treaty and a promise
of continued autonomy of Crete under a
system similar to that of Samoa.
At a socialist mass-meeting hell here
last evening Ottillie Beider, Herr Fischer,
member of the Reichstag for Berlin, Herr
Bergmann, a hatmaker, and Herr Erbe, a
bricklayer, were chosen as delegates to
the coming international labor congress
in London.
DEATH IN THE WATER.
Three Tounrj Persons Drotrncd by the
Cnpaizimj of a Skiff.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio, June 21.— A sad
drownine accident occurred this afternoon
on the Muskingum ttiver, four miles be
low tnis city. Grant Harvey, aged 33;
Emma Collins, aged 21; A. O. Williams,
aged 21, and Luln Evans, aged 16, were
out in a skiff in the middle of the river,
when the boat began to fill with water.
Young Williams sprang into the water,
and, with his Hands on the boat, was
swimming for shore. When within thirty
feet of the shore the three occupants be
came panic stricken and jumped into the
water. In their struggle the two young
ladies seized Harvey and pulled him down
with them, the three sinking immediately.
Young Williams was picked up by another
skiff in an exhausted condition. Up to a
late hour this evening only two of the
bodies had be^n recovered, that of Miss
Collins still being in the riv< r.
TESTING A MAN-KILLER,
The New Krag-Jorgensen Rifle
an Inhuman Implement
of War.
Experiments With Corpses as Targets
Show the Terrific Effects of
Its Use.
FORT RILEY, Kans.. June 21.— An of- |
ficial test of the new military rifle, the j
Krag-Jorgensen, was made on dead bodies j
at this post yesterday under the direction i
of Dr. J. D. Griffith of Kansas City, a mem- )
ber of the United States Association of
Military Surgeons, and chairman of the
National committee on testine new puns,
assisted by a dozen attending surgeons
and photographers.
The object of the te?t was to find out the
relative effects of the use oi the Krat;- I
Jorgensen gun from a humanitarian point j
of view, as compared with other army
rifles. The test has demonstrated to the
mind- of tooae who participated that the
Krag-Jorgensen gun cannot be called a
humane gun. At distances up to 1000
yards the explnsive quality of the Krag-
Jorgensen bullets, and consequently the
cruelty of its use, is terrific.
The explosive quality is most marke-i in
the soft tissues and cavities, the brain and
the lung tissues being terribly torn and
the heart burst. When tbe vicera are
grazed by a bullet they are much muti
lated. Blood vessels are cut, not torn,
hence the death rate on the field will be
very great — four killed to one wounded,
probably. Tendons are the only tissues in
the body which seem to he turned aside
by the ball.
A test of shrat)neJ shot used by the j
artillery followed the Krag-Jorgensen test, i
To do effective work the shell should burst
thirty or forty yards in front of the object
aimed at. Some very effective wounds
were obtained, and the opinion strength
ened that the shrapnel gun is to be the
man-kilier of the future.
TURNER AT LOGINSILLE.
'I In- Track Cleared for /.'uiiii'ii at
To- Hay's Session.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 21.— The con
vention of the North American Turner
bund disposed of considerable pre
liminary business to-day, and all is in
shape for Eerious business at to-morrow's
session.
The session was called to order at 9
o'clock at Turner Halle by First fc-peaker
Henry Braun of St. Louis. A temporary
organization was perfected, with Christ
Stbettner of New Jersey as chairman, and
Henry I. Heslich of Minnesota secretary.
Various committees Were appointed. On
permanent organization, Adolph Georg of
Indiana was chosen tiret speaker and Otto
Jansen of Cleveland first secretary. Com
mittee roports occupied the day.
At Pnoonix Hill Park to-night a picnic
was given. Addresses were made by
Mayor Todd and Editor yon Schleinitz of
the Anzeiger.
TRAI N-WRECK ERS FOILED.
Timely Discovery of an Obstruction Pre
vented a Disaster.
NOR WALK, Ohio, June 21.— An unsuc
cessful attempt to wreck a west-bound
passenger-train on the Lake Shore rood,
dua here at 8:57 to-night, was made at a
bridge one miie west of the city. Three
ties were placed in such a position that
when struck by the engine they would
tear up the track. Martin Ruff, a resi
dent of NorwalK. discovered the obstruc
tion and, hastening to the depot, nave the
alarm. Three men who were found near
the bridge were arrested and are now in
jail. They refuse to give their names.
DEBS ON THE BALLOT.
The Labor Leader stirs Vp the Working
men of Boston.
BOSTON, Mass., June 21.— Eugene V.
Debs, the labor agitator, spoke at Fanueil
Hall this evening. Some 500 laboring
men were present, and they vehemently
hissed the name of Grover Cleveland. Mr.
Debs spoke on the potency of the ballot in
the hands of the workingmen. upheld
strikes, denounced the money power, and
severely criticized the Judges of the Su
p.erne Court, George M. Pullman and
President Cleveland.
Wife Murder and Suicide.
WICHITA, Kax., June 21.— 0. E. Hart,
a prominent farmer of this country, shot
and killed his wife, Ida, at a boarding
nouse on North Main street, where he had
followed her from their home in Sunny
dale, finding her in company with Link
Pitts, a man who fled from Sunnydale to
escape the wrath of scores of farmers
whom he had swindled out of large sums.
After killing hia wife Hart blew out his
own brains with a revolver. Pitt and Mrs.
Hart had been intimate for some time.
BULLETS FOR AN
OUTLAW RAND,
"Bob" Wilson Slain by a
Posse of Minnesota
Citizens.
BATTLE IN A SWAMP.
Followers of the Desperado Hoist
a White Flag When He
Is Killed.
ONE FOUND BADLY WOUNDED.
Two Murders Avenged by the Death
of the Notorious Bandit
Chif.
NORTH BRANCH, Bfnor., June 21.—
The hand of justice meted with exceeding
swiftness la the case of the desperadoes
who murdered Jacob Hay and Andrew
Paul and attempted t'i kill Dr. Burnside
Foster at Wyoming, Minn., at 1 o'clork
Saturday morning. "Bob" Wilson, the
leader of the gang, was killed shortly after
1 o'clock this morning, a few miles from
here, and ti.e other two— James Cunning
ham and, George Kelly— were captured
after making a desperate resistance. Cun
ningham was badly wounded.
The men are desperadoes who have been
committing robberies along the St. Paul
and Duluth road for the past month.
After robbing Dr. Foster of $75 and shoot
ing Paul and Hay dead the bandits moved
northward along the railroad to this point.
On Saturday night they entered the home
of ex-Mayor Frank Smith, taking a watch,
a small sum of money, some clothing and
a lot of provisions. They then moved on
in the direction of Duluth.
A half mile from here they were met by
a lot of railroad men, who had heard ol
the Wyoming killing. Tbe railroaders
ordered them to halt, but they answered
only with a couple of shots from a re
volver. Theu they dropped part of their
booty and ran.
The railroad men ran into North Branch,
notified the station agent and sroused the
town. Word was sent out all along the
line that the desperadoes had been located,
and a posse of seventeen men was made
up here and at once went in hot pursuit.
At 1 o'clock thia morning the three
bandits were located in a tamarack swamp.
The posse gradually drew in on the men
in a circle. When about thirty yards away
the desperadoes opened fire from a hastily
improvised breastwork of logs. The guns
of the posse opened and bullets flew thick
and fast. Then there was a lull, during
which the posse made no advance.
Finally one of the men behind the logs
slowly poked up his head, when quick as
a flash a rifle shot rang out and the fellow
fell back behind the breastwork, shot
through the head. He died instantly.
His companions ran up the white flag and
soon afterward were taken in tow by the
posse.
Cunningham, a mere boy of 19, was
found to be badly wounded about the head.
FISHERMAN CRICTION.
Seriviis Irouble Threatened on the Coast
of XeirfnundlaiKi.
ST. JOHNS. Newfoundland, June 21.—
The British warsuip Mohawk left here
suddenly before daylight thia morning
upon receipt of urgent telegraphic orders
from Commodore Bourke, commanding
the flagship Cordelia, directing her
to proceed to White Bay, where trouble
has arisen between British and French
fishermen alon^ the celebrated French
shore. The French flagship La Clocheterie
and the British flagship Cordelia met at
Bonne Bay last week and passed without
saluting. Serious friction is feared during
the coming months, because several thou
sand Newfoundland and French fishermen
are mixing together on the coast.
EDUCATION IN ENGLAND.
The Government to Increase Its Assist
ance to Voluntary Schools.
LONDON, Esq., June 21.— The Times
will to-morrow say that at the Cabinet
council held Saturday it was decided to
entirely abandon the education bill, and
to introduce in 1897 a short bill increasing
the financial assistance given by the Gov
ernment to voluntary schools.
The Times denounces the decision, and
declares that Mr. Balfour, the Government
leader in the House of Commons, is lareely
responsible for the mismanagement of
parliamentary business, which has com
pelled the strongest Government of mod
ern times to surrender to a feeble and dis
credited island.
MEXICO'S POPULAR PRSIDENT.
Great Demonstration Over Diaz's -Votnt
nation for a Fifth Term.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mkx., June 21.—
There was a great demonstration here to
day in honor of President Diaz, who has
been renominated for a fifth term.
There was a procession of about 8000
persons, including 4000 pure-blooded In
dians from neighboring villages, carrying
banners and flags. The bells were ringing
all day and to-night there was a display of
fireworks.
Forty volumes, with more than half a
million signatures favoring the re-nomin
ation of President Diaz, were presented.
He had practically no opposition.
ST. PETERSBURG STRIKERS.
forty Thousand Optrntire* of Cotton
Mills Are. Out.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jane 21.—
The striko among the factory operatives
continues to spread. The strikers now
number 40,000, consisting mostly of em
ployes in the cotton mills. Many of them
are women. Thus far the strikers have
acted in a peaceable manner.
They demand increased pay and shorter
hours. The police declare that nihilists
instieated the trouble. Several employers
are willing to concede the demands of " the
strikers, but the police forbid t^iem to do
so. It is reported that the operatives in
tend to personally petition the Czar to in
tervene in their behalf. The police have
taken strict precautions to prevent them
irom doing tnis.
Salisbury Vnjed to Action.
LONDON, Exg.. June 21.— The Daily
News in an article which it will publish
to-morrow laments the delay in the settle
ment of the dispute with Venezuela and
urges Lord Salisbury to settle the matter
before the American Commission makes
its report.
Murder and Suicide Throurjh Jealousy.
WICHITA, Kans., June 21.— 1n a fit of
insane jealousy O. E. Hart, a prominent
young man here, shot and killed his wife
this afternoon, then turned the weapon
on himself and sentabuilet through his
brain.
COMPELLED TO RESIGN.
Consul McCaughan's Shameful Conduct in
the Case of an American Prisoner
at Durango.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 21.-As a
result of the inspection of the United
States Consulates in Mexico by R. 8. Chil
ton, chief of the Consulate Bureau, Secre
tary Oluey has accepted the resignation of
Consul McCaughan at DnrsngO. Consul
McCauahan owe^ hia virtual dismissal to
his conduct in the case of John Bally, an
American citizen held on ti.e charge of
robbery. He had been in j.".il sixteen
months and complaint had been rnaUe to
the State Department thai the Consul was
not attempting to secure a speedy trial or
to have his case investigate I. Mr. Chil
ton ascertained that the Consul was the
principal prosecuting witness ajrainst
Bally and was general manager of the
company which Bally ia charged with
having robbed.
On Anoth-r J-'inhing Cruise.
Washington, d. c, June 2i.-i\"s •
dent Cleveland to-night, accompanied oy
Secretary Carlisle and Dr. O'R*iliy, left
Washington for a brief lishins cruise alone
the Kouth Atlantic coast. The party wiil
probably spend two or three days on this
excursion, and shortly after t ri-ir re:urn
Mr. Cleveland will be in readiness for his
summer vacation at Gray Gsfeles.
SOME VERY RICH ORE,
A Cali f ornia Production Pre
sented to the Golden Gate
Park Museum.
Yesterday was the longest day in the
year, and many people concluded to make
a day of it by going out of town. Great
crowds went by train to San Jose and to
the Santa Cruz Mountains, while still
greater crowds went to points on eastern
and northern sides of the bay, conse
quently visitors to the park and ocean
beach were not numerically as large as
they have been in the past.
Among the many contributions to the
park museum during the past week is one
that will attract considerable attention.
It is a piece of iron ore sent by C. L.
Hubbs of Daggett, San Bernardino. It is
about 14 inches long, and 6xß inches wide,
and its weight is a little more than seventy
pounds. Mr. Wilcomb' the curator of trie
museum, who is a mineralogist, states
that it is a wonderfully rich specimen^
containing at least W) per cent of iron. In
a letter accompapying the donation Mr.
Hubbs writes:
"This ia from a group of seven iron
claims covering parallel veins or leases
from 100 to 350 feet in width each. The
ore from each is as solid as the specimen. 1 '
Curator Wilcomb has also received from
M. Bravt rman of Tulare a discovery that
is new in this State. It is a piece of rr.ilK
white quartz, which the curator declares
is different from any quartz of ihat de
scription ever before exhibited. He pro
poses to have a piece of it cut off and
polished and will then exhibit the rough
and the finished side by side. He has
also come into possession of a piece of
rock from Tulare County wnich has been
polished. It is of various colors, which
blend and present the appearance of a
small slab o; opaL
At the time me World's Fair at Chicago
was opened Superintendent McLaren of
the park was requested to send on some
of the hardy outdoor shrubs for the pur
pose of decorating the upper gallery of
tbe California building. The collection he
sent on attracted a great deal of attention
and was different Irom any displayed in
the other State buildings.
The directors of the fair were so pleased
with the San Francisco collection that at
the close of the exposition they bad it !
transferred to one of the parks. Last I
week the Golden Gate Park Commission
ers as a token of appreciation of tnis col
lection received from the commissioners a
handsome bronze medal bearing on < ne
sidee a figure representing the landing
of Columbus and on the obverse "World's
Columbian Exposition in commemoration
of the four hundredth anniversary of
the landing of Columbus, MDCCCXCII—
MDCCCXCIII, to Goideu Gate Park."
Among the many bicycle riders seen on
the park road is a one-armed boy named
Paul McCarthy. He handles his wheel
with all the facility of one possessed of
two hands. As a pedalist he is in it with
the most speedy, and some of the mas
ters of the art of cycling have declared
that he will in a short time take rank with
the best known scorchers, il he does not
beat them.
Superintendent McLaren stated yester
day that there was not much work on
hand, as th£ funds would not permit of
any, but that which was absolutely neces
sary was being done. Tlie work on the
bicycle track has been continued aud will
be until it is finished. What may be done
in the future is uncertain, as there is no
certainty as to what the appropriation will
be. The Auditor has cut down the estimate
for the park, making it $50,000 less than it
was for the preceding fiscal year.
The two steps upon which is to rest the
granite pedestal of General Grant is all
that has been put in position since the
removal of the convict-dressed stone whicn
was placed some time ago. It was
announced that if the obnoxious stone was
removed it would be immediately replaced
by another monument. Several weeks
have passed since the convict-dressed stone
was quietly carted away, aud there is noth
ing to replace it but the two steps, wnich
have been in position about two weeks.
J. L. BardweU of this City has donated
to the museum a curious cane made from
the backbone of a shark; James Robbins
of this City ha? contributed a $1000 Con
federate bond and some Confederate notes.
M. Braverman of Tulare, has tent in a
curiously carved wooden bowl used by In
dians of the northwestern portion of the
Queen Charlotte Islands.
One of the large seals turned up its fins
last Saturday night and was cast upon the
beach near the Olympic pier yesterday,
where it was reviewed by those "who went
to Sutrovillt by the sea.
Tue attractions in ttie baths were many
and they amused the crowds who were
under the large dome. Dana Thompson
essayed the feat of swimming under the
water from one end of the big tank to the
other, having accomplished the feat the
day before, but he made a mistake in
direction and was forced to come up after
being beneath the surface a iittie over
four minutes and having swum three
quarterß the distance. The race between
lively ducks and expert swimmers was
rare sport. The ducks swum rapidly and
when the swimmers attempted to catch
them the wily ducks went under, and like
Thompson, swam far away out of sight.
A number of young men have for several
days past been swimming in the surf be
tween t' c baths and the Seal Rocks with
a view of swimming around the rocks at
some future time — in about two weeks, bo
says Colonel Robinson, the niauaeer of
the baths.
Miss Essie Viola, having recovered from
the effects of bruises received by being
dashed against the third-story window of
a house at the Mission a week ago last
Saturday while coming down with her
parachute, took another flight from the
Haight-street grounds yesterday after
noon. The ascent was a pretty one, and
when the balloonist cut loose, the para
chute opened gracefully, but before she
reached the ground the cloth that sup
ported her collapsed, and she came down
with a run. Fortunately she came down
on soft ground near the German Hospital
and escaped injury.
HOUSES RAZED BY
A FURIOUS GALE,
St. Louis Again Swept by
a Destroying Wind
Storm.
RESIDENTS IN A PANIC
Buildings Partially Wrecked in
the Recent Tornado Are
Blown D-.wn.
NO LOSS IF LIFE RESULTS.
/
Rain Falls in Torrents Frcm a Mats
of Sw.itly Moving
Clouds
6T- LOUIS. Mo- Jone^l.—A slurp «■>
miodt of the retent ditastroui* tornado
visited this city at 3:30 o'clock iti?e after
noon. 'I '.>>■ weather was oppre«i\-eiy bot
and the sky cloudless. ¥ro:n the time
quarter that the preat tornado csttie a
mass of dark clouds swept across the city;
The wind blew at a forty-mile speed aad
rain fell in sheets, ilauy 01 the houses
that were partially restored after the tor
nado were apain damage: but up to 9
p. m. DO fatalities were reported.
In Labann place, a fine residence sec
tion, the damage in the aggregate is great
est. R. J. Boekboeff, a grocer at Third
and Carr streets, yesterday finished re
building the top flcor of his three-story
hou^e, destroyed by the former storm.
Again it was blown do^vn. The roof of
the Chicago, Burlincton and Quincy pas
senger depot, at Second and Carr streets,
also just rebuilt, was partially torn off.
About twenty ieie^rapii poles were biown
down and trees and billboards were lev
eled. In all about seventy houses were
damaged, several being destroyed. The
property loss is estimated at f 15.000.
Panic seized the people in the track of
the storm, and wild rumors of death and
destruction were on every toneue. Only
fourteen minor casualities are reported.
FISHING CRAFT DESTROYED.
The Coast of Labrador Strept by a Hur-
ricane.
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, June 21.—
A hurricane has swept over the Labrador
coast, doing immense damage. Thirty
tuning craft were destroyed at Blanc
Sable, and it is feared that further vessels
were lost at more northern points.
SUNDAN HANDBALL.
The Cincinnatis ICO* a lively Game
Rm* th~ Colts.
CHICAGO, 111., June 'Jl.— Ten thousand per
sons saw the Cincinnati team win a lively
game from the colts to-<lay. Dwyer was in the
box lor the visitors and had the colts safe at
ail times. The game was marred somewhat by
a disgraceful scene in winch Anson aud Peitz
figured. The latter, who was on the bench for
tbe visitors, made an insulting remark to the
captain, and Ansou went after the catcher.
They met in front of the plate and exchanged
blows, but neither was hurt. Anson was with
the greatest difficulty restrained from follow
ing the Cincinnati player to the bench to con
tinue the fight. It was the first time the old
timer was ever Known to forget himself, and
the scene was a big surprise. Score: Chicagos
2,5,3; Cincinnati* 5, 13, 1. Batteries— Terry
a.d Donoliue; Dwyerand Vaughn. Umpire—
Tindall.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., June 21.— The only fea
ture of the game to-day was Breitensteln'B line
catch of an English sparrow. McDermott was
knocked out of the box in the seventh. At
tendance 3000. Score: Luuisvilles 5, 10, 6;
St. Louis 10, IG, 2. Batteries— McDermott,
Cunningham ami .Miller; Kmslow, Breiten
stein and Murphy. Umpire— Sheridan.
Santa Cruz linsrballiat* Rent en.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 21.— The
second game of ball was played this after
noon at Vue de l'Eau Park between a San
Francisco league team and the Santa Crux
Electrics. The visitors fought hard for a
score of 8 to 7, making much of their score
on errors of the home team. Cooney
pitched a fine game for the league team,
and Doyie of San Jose, in the pitcher's
box for' Santa Cruz, earned the plaudits of
the spectators by his skillful work. Tbe
game yesterday enaed in a score of 17 to 9
in favor of San Francisco, aud while the
Santa Cruz players were beaten again to
day, they are 'accredited with playing a
stiff game against men of some experi
ence.
Picnic Parly Killed by a Train.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., June lil.— The
8 o'clock express from Philadelphia for
this city, over the Pennsylvania Railroad,
struck a team and wapon at Absecon sta
tion thisjnorningand Rilled George Huber
and his son, Frederick Huber, and Henry
Getzner. Joseph Sahl. son-in-law of Huber,
is believed to be fatally injured. The men
belonged in Galloway Township, were
prominent in the county's affairs, and
were on their way to a picnic.
Fifteen Million Feet of Lumber Burned.
SAGINAW : Mich., June 21.— J. H. How
roy & Sons of this city, who own and oper
ate a large lumber plant at Fenlon Falls,
Ont., have received advices that a fire
there yesterday destroyed 15,000,000 feet of
lumber iindu quantity of lath and shingles.
The mills were not damaged. Loss,
$200,000; insurance, $196,000.
Lake Stentner Stranded in a JFog.
BENTON HARBOR. Mich., June 21.—
The steamer City of Chicago of the Gra
ham & Morton Transportation Company
went ashore at 2 o'clock to-day in a dense
fog with 600 passengers aboard. She was
released some hours later by three steam
ers, without material damage.
Vengeance Visited Jpon a Xegro.
HARTZELL, Ala.. June 21.— A negro
entered the house of Given Puckett, seized
a nine-year-old eirl and carried her to the
woods one mile and a half distant. Citi
zens sooa captured the negro and hanged
iii in to a tree.
NEW TO-DAY.'
* Take No Substitute^
j Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
Jmmm ■ CONDENSED MILK ;
Ha 3 always stood JIRST in the estima- I
; ; tion of the American People. No other is i
"just as good." Best Infant Food. T
m a h l l 1 m \ *\^j Mil* lVi
fH^^^OTalfltda
Wiieu urdertuK jjica^o meuuoa Calx«AFTER THE FETE
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Thousands of Tired but
Happy Visitors Re
turn Home.
MANY TAKE TO THE SURF
While the Streets Are Still
Alive With People Loth
to Leave.
COURTEOUS NAVAL OFFICERS.
Played an Important Part in the
Fiesta— The "CallV Enterprise
Praised.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 21.—Every
body in Santa Cnu to-day is tired but
happy— tired from the enerey expended in
kee{in>_' ud with the procession, happy
over the full week of innocent enjoyment.
The trainloads of visitors who returned
to their homes to-day have scarcely made
a y>erc<?ptible! diminution in the vast
concourse of people who saw all the great
events of the carnival and who partici
pated in the various pattimes that were
not an actual part of the big snow. A good
rtion of the visitors came for their
jammer outing and are now ready for a
dip in 'he surf and an enjoyment of visits
to the warships. There was too much to
see, think and talk about during the past
week /or everybody to have enjoyed to the
fuil the bathing.
To-. -ay the pretty beach has its full com
plement of visitors. >»nd the fishermen's
boats are busy carrying folks across the
half mile of water to the shins and the
yachts. Hundreds of people were gathered
in the early forenoon on the broad veran
dahs of the Sea B^acti Hotel or rolling in
tue sands of the beach, admiring the finest
marine view on the coast. It is, indeed,
a beautiful picture formed by the Phila
delphia, the Monadnock. the Luriine. the
ll'^ver and the Ramona standing out on
the broad suriaceof Monterey Bay, bathed
in glorious sunshine, the ships' launches,
the yachts' rowboats, the fishermen's sail
boats dancing over the water like things
of life, bearing their burdens of happy
people.
On the streets the sailors have seemed
.•me a part of the resident populace.
r l heir leaves of absence have given them
e<ni:il privileges with the masters of the
ships, and they have been so devoted to
getting all there is of Joyoaaness out of it i
thai they seem to have forgotten there are j
cares and duties to rerform. The officers j
themselves have had one grand holiday,
both aboard shin and ashore.
Admiral Bear.tsiee was an attentive .'
auditor at the carnival and expressed nim- '
tmU as par-tiris iariy pleased with the mimic
battle between the Monitor and the Merri
mac.
"There could have been produced," he
said, "no finer miniature of the two fa
moos gunboats that played so eventful a
part in the civil war."
admiral complimented Chairman
Lamb on the excellent construction of the
two boats and declared the mimic engage- j
mont between the two boats to be one of
the best features of the week.
Admiral Beardsiee, Captain Cotton and
Captain Sumner, with tneir staffs, have
been so generous in their approval of the
carnival and so devoted in their hospi
tiility to all Santa Cruz and the thousands
of visitors that they have won the hearts
of everybody.
The citizens of Santa Cruz have not :
be< n natdone either in their efforts to en- !
tenai/i ail visitors. While the hotels have
been crowded there has been a generous j
-Kion shown by the home people to i
mase the stay of the visitors pleasant in
way. Their latch strings have not j
been tuicm in, and many words of j
praise have been spoken by the great
throng of visitors of the hearty manner in !
which they have been entertained.
rain C. C. Bruce of Sausalito has won
the admiration of hundreds 01 Banu Cruz
ans (luring the two weeks' stay here of his
yacht Rover. Coming before the carnival ;
betran, the Rover deemed lonely on the j
broad bay, but it is a pretty boat, and,
compared with the small craft of the fish
n, was a big fellow until the ships
came in. But the appearance of the Lur
line and the Ramona enhanced the ira- |
portance of the Rover, and the presence of j
the three yachts added a great deal to the j
picturesque scene on the bay.
■rnor Budd did not come, but he ;
was represented by one of his staff,
C 'lone: Frank A. Vail of Han Francisc ■>,
who expressed considerable pleasure with
ne showing made by the carnival
folks. Colonel Vail introduced to the at
tention of the Santa Cruzans a young j
man who came here from the PZast repre- i
seniing the Newspaper Writers' Union, F. j
E. Webb. Mr. Webb spoke very hignly
this morning of the great fiesta, and said
he could write nothing but good words,
both for the enterprise of the carnival
( mmittee and the hospitality of the
peuple of Santa Cruz.
Indeed, there have heeu no words other '■
than of praise spoken for the delightful
entertainment of the visitors. In return j
i enterprise in sending The Call to!
this city at early breakfast- time during
the carnival the residents and visitors
have been liberal in their patronage of
the paper and unstinted in their cora
:ion of the effort made by that
journal— that acts as well as speaks for
til.
'•That was a bit of enterprise," said
-. Wattersonof the press committee,
"ihatwijl long be remembered,'
Judge Logan said The Call had en
deared itself to the people of Santa Cruz
by its enterprise.
W 11. Lamb, who designed the Monitor
and the Merrimac, remarked that The
Call's early visits were equaled only by
its graphic pictures of the events of the
carnival And thus one mii.-ht repeat the
words of hundreds of citizens of Santa
Cruz.
GA THERIXG Or SP I HITUALIBTS.
Liadera of the Ontmr Addreaa Santa
Cruz Followers.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 21.— The
Spiritualists of Santa Cruz held two very
interesting meetings tnis afternoon arid
evening with the purpose of awakening
interest in the State organization that was
formed at San P'rancisco on May 28. The
meetings were visited by Mm. Sarah Seal
of San Francisco, Mrs. H. A. Grim' a of
San .lose and Mrs. E. Sloper of San Fran
cisco, the latter of wiiom was appointed
State or. anizer at tlie recent convention
in S:in Francisco.
The meeting's were addressed by this
I trio. Mrs. Seal spoke upon spiritualism
i ami its needs anil Mrs. Sloper talked of
: the necessity for State organizations for
the protection of Spiritualists and the
public from the fram'.s and that element
that travels about the country usini; the
name of spiritualism for innr.cy-getting.
| Mrs. Griffin's part in the meeting was de
voted to the giving of spiritual tests.
COALJ\GA'S OIL GUSHER.
Captain Rarrett Tells of His Luck to a
''('till" <'. rrespondeiit.
FRESNO, Cal., June 21— Captain Frank
Barrett, who is largely interested in the
Coalinga oil fields and owner of the
gusher, which was struck on Friday,
was interviewed to-day by a Call corre
spondent.
Captain Barrett is very much elated over
his well, which he says will produce about
1000 barrels of oil a day. He predicts a
great future for Fresno's oil district. The
gusher was struck while drilling 705 feet
below the surface. It had not been the in
tention to go below 800 feet, as it was
feared that the oil sand had been missed.
At ti o'clock on Friday evening the oil
sana was struck and the oil began rising
rapidly. During Saturday night a con
stant rumbling was heard and the oil
rose over 600 feet. On Saturday it came
to the top, and in a lew hours a jet of oil
was issuing from the well 100 feet into
the air.
With great difficulty the well was
plugged. Captain Barrett contemplates
building a pipe line to Fresno in a few
months and drilling 100 wells this summer.
A GRI EF-STRICKEX MOTHER
', Takes Poison at the Graves of Her Sons
in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cai... June 21.— Mrs.
Samuel Kingsbury attempted suicide by
taking poison last night, but was discov
ered in time to prevent the accomplish
ment of her pr.rpo>e. Within the past
: two months her two sons, William and
j Joseph, died from quick consumption, and
tne grief-stricken mother seeminnly lost
I all interest in life. Her grief has been so
; marked that she has been kept under con
stsHit surveillance, but shortly after 9
I o'clock she escaped, hurried to the ceme
tery, threw herself down between the
graves o; her lost ones and swallowed the
I poison she had managed to procure.
: Shortly alter leaving her residence her ab
sence "was discovered and her relatives
! went immediately to the cemetery, where
j they found her insensible. Prompt nied
! ical aid was procured and her life was
i saved.
ACCIIiEXI AT AX GELS CAMF.
John Groggins Falls I>own a Shaft and
Into a 111 nut.
ANGELS CAMP. Cal., June 21.— John
Groggins, an employe of the Adelaide
Mining Company at Robinson's Ferry,
met with a horrible accident yesterday,
which will result in death. He and others.
were sinking a shaft. They had set in
several blasts, touched them off and were
ascending to the top. The bucket in
which the\ were being hoisted struck the
timbers in the side of the shaft, tnrowing
Groggins out. He fell about forty feet to
the bottom, where the blasts went off a
few minutes later, breaking his skull and
tearing portions of his body into shreds.
He was brought to Angels and piaced in
the hospital, where he is expected to die
any minute.
REUXIOX AJ *-A*TA ROSA.
lotra, Illinois and Wisconsin Associa-
tion Celebrates.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 21.— The an
nnai reunion of the lowa, iilinois and
Wisconsin Association was held at the
City gnrdens here yesterday. The»e was an
address by President X F. Crawfcrd, an
original poem by Grant O. Richards and
a fine programme in addition, consisting
of addres-ses, songs and recitations. The
election of officers for the ensuing year
resulted in the re-election of R. F. Craw
ford a? president and the election of Jona
than Roberts as secretary and treasurer.
An old-fashioned dinner and an informal
and sociable reunion followed the literary
programme, which was enjoyed by several
hundred people.
STUICKEX ItV APOPLEXY.
Attorney- General Realty of Xevada Fall*
on a Street.
RENO, Nev., June 21.—Attorney-Gen
eral Beatty, who had been in attendance at
the silver central committee meeting
here, is very ill. After the meeting he suf
fered two strokes of apoplexy and fell in
the street. At 9:30 o'clock he'was resting
easy, but is considered a very sick man.
Xnr Stockholders in the Carton Ttaiik,
CARSON, Xev., Juno 21.— Jake Klein,
Evan Williams and Trenmor Coffin have
each sold large portions of their stock in
the Bullion and Exchange Bank of this
city to Judge C. B. Mack", C. C. Powning,
W. 0. 11. Martin and George Taylor, the
latter three gentlemen being of Reno.
Very few changes will be made. Mr.
Klein remains president, Evan Williams
vice president, and Judge Mack takes Mr.
Corn v' 3 place on the board of directors.
Hofer will continue in the institution in
tiie capacity of cashier. The four gentle
men who have invested are all enterpris
ing and well-known, and will make the
bank even stronger than it has been in the
past.
Woodland's Teachers.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 21.— 1n the ex
j animation for teachers' certificates, held
lin this city before the County Board of
' Education, only six out of thirteen appii
c. Nts were successful. The successful can
't iuites were: Grammar grade, Cyrus
Lewiove of Woodland; primary grade,
Miss E lith Duncan of Winters, Miss Lulu
| Laugenour of Woodland, the Misses
i Bertha and Fannie LaDue of Blacks and
| Miss Mamie Peterson oi Coionia, El Do
' rado County.
Lon Gatos Preparing for the Fourth.
LOS GATOS, Cal., June 21.— Extensive
arrangements are beyig made for the cele
bration of the Fourth of July at Los Gatos.
There will be a picnic, with literary exer
cises, dancing and all kinds of sports. In
the evening there will be an electrical dis
play made by F. G. Hume. The firemen
iiave appointed a committee to make ar
rangements for a liremeivs tournament in
connection with the other features.
('(imwrnmm He.ac.lt cd. at Astoria
ASTORIA, Or., June 21.— At a meeting
of the Fishermen's Union to-night it was
decided by a large majority to accept the
compromise offer of the cannerymen of
V/i cents and call the the strike off. The
m.litia will return to-morrow. If militia
had not been called here the same action
would have been taken last Tuesday.
Vretno's Populist Paver Suspends
FRESNO, Cal., June 21.— The Fresno
Populist, a weekly paper, has sus
pended publication on account of lack of
support. It was the only Populist p.iper
in the county and was started ten months
ago.
Valley Road Grading liids Called lor.
FRESNO, Cal., June 21.— A call for
bids has been issued here and specifica
tions filed for grading the Valley roadbed
from the San Joaquin River to this city, a
distance of eleven miles. Bids must be in
by June 25.
Took Poiaon to Join Hia Wife.
FRESNO, Cal., June 21.— R. P. Faust,
a rancher living near this city, took poison
yesterday with suicidal intent because
of grief for his wife, who had died a few
hours before of fever. Faust was saved
after a hard struggle with the pobon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
HUNTING OUTLAWS
ON PINE RIDGE
Searchers for Laverone and
Roberts Find "Jim "
Haslip.
SURPRISED AT A CAMP.
The Indian Desperado Mounts a
Horse aDd Escapes Into
the Brush.
El RAPELJE LOSES A TRAIL.
Eluded by the Cunning Madera Fugi
tive—No Trace of Dunham
Found.
FRESNO, Cal., June 21.— Deputy Sheriff
Hi Rapelje, Constable J. P. Irvine and
Deputy John Perry of Sanger, returned
to-night from a trip to the mountains in
search of Laverone and Roberts, the Ma
dera outlaws, and an Indian named "Jim"
Haslip, who is wanted in Madera County
for murdering an Italian rancher over two
years ago. The officers found no trace of
Laverone and Roberts, but they kept Has
lip dodging !or three days. Rapelje took
a week ofl as a vacation, and he spent it in
j the pleasure of man-hunting, eager to gain
I new laurels to add to those won by the
j capture of Sontag and Evans.
The two Sanger ofticors had received in
j formation that Laverone and Roberts were
| on Pine Ridge, in this county, and they
i invited Rapelje to join them in a chase.
' Tbey procured an Indian interpreter and
searched the entire length and breadth of
the ridge, but could find no trace of the
outlaws. The Indians all said that then
brethren across tn»i river in Madera County
toid them that Laverone and Roberts were
still in their old stamping ground around
Quartz Mountain. Rapelje is of the opin
ion that Laverone and Roberts were the
outlaws who held up the Yosemite stage a
few days ago.
The quartet then turned their attention
to "Jim" Haslip. He has successfully
eluded the officers for two years and is
considered a desperate man. He tells hi?
fellow-Indians that he will kill any one
who attemPTs to arrest him or who gives
the officers any information, and they are
very much in fear of him.
Rapelje and the two constables stole an
early morning march on a camp where
t the}' had learned Haslip was staying:.
They had to cross a deep gulch before
reaching the rancheria and as they de
scended a hill they had to expose them
selves to view. A squaw saw them and
she quickly ran into a house. Haslip
came running out, and mounting a horse
which stood tied at the house, dashed into
the brush.
For tiiree days the officers beat the
brush for the fugitive, but he successfully
dodged them. Haslip had made arrange
j ments with a squaw to leave food for him
at a certain place. The officers frightened
her into telling where this place was, and
for. tw r o days and one night Constable
Irvine and the Indian interpreter lay nere
waiting for Haslip. At the same time
] Rapelje and Deputy Constable Perry
| scoured the brush for miles around. They
did not believe that Haslip had left that
vicinity, as the horse which he had ridden
away came back to the camp. It was sup
posed that tne Indian had preferred hiding
in the brush.
"We kept Haslip dodging pretty lively,"
i said Rapelje to-night, "and he didn't get
! anything to eat for those three days. We
I were at a disadvantage on account of the
bright moonlight at night."
The officers had to return home at the
end of the week, owing to urgent busi
ness. The reward for Haslip is only $25,
and that for Laverone and Roberts only
$100.
The officers found no trace of Dunham.
SANTA ROSA MOURAN.
Hundreds of Cyclers Follow Thomas
Shetton's lintly to the Grave.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 21.— Thomas
• H. Shelton, for the past six years assistant
! cashier of the Exchange Bank, was buried
I to-day in the Santa Rosa Cemetery. Mr.
Shelton whs only 26 years of age and was
to have been married to a Santa Rosa
young Jady last Easter. A residence on Mc-
Donald avenue was built and furnished
and preparations were well under way for
the wedding when his health failed. In
search of health and strength the young
man journeyed to Los Angeles, where he
died last Wednesday.
Mr. Shelton was an enthusiastic wheel
man during his short life, and hundreds
of sorrowing cylers followed the sad pro
cession to the grave. There were few dry
eyes as the cortege passed the beautiful
j residence that was to have been the home
j of the deceased and his now grief-stricken
fiancee.
The wheelmen's floral offering was a
broken wheel of pure white flowers, and
the many other floral pieces were beauti
ful beyond description.
PRESIDENT MYSTERY.
Discovery of the Body of a Man Mur
dered Two I ear a Ago.
PENDLETON, Or., June 21.— The body
of Ben Keith, missing almost two years,
was found yesterday near Salings Springs.
Keith and one Bowers, the latter now in
the Oregon penitentiary, serving a sen
tence for one year for cattle-stealing, were
rivals for the hand of a fair mountain
damsel. Keith was the favored suitor,
and since the finding of the body the be
lief grows that Bowers, becoming incensed
because of Keith's success, killed him.
On several occasions he made open threats
of his intention.
It is believed by some that Keith be
came too familiar with shady transactions
of a gang of outlaws, whose base of opera
tions is about the place mentioned, and
that he wns ambushed and shot by them
while working in the timber.
HAS NOT REACHED JUNEAU.
The Alaska Steamer Itoyal Relieved to
Have Gone Down.
SEAT'i i.i:, Wabh., June 21.—Thesteam
ship Al-Ki, i nr days out from Jnneau,
arrived in port this afternoon, bringing
Cooks Inlet advices as late as June 12, up
to which date no news had been heard
from the Alaska Packing Association's
steamer Royal, Captain Charles Williams,
which sailed from San Francisco about
May 1 for Chignik, about 300 miles from
Kadiak. It is generally believed in Alaska
that the lioyal with all on board has been
lost.
Rail Accident at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 21.— Fred
Turner, son of ex-Mayor Jabez Turner,
while trying to board the front platform
of a trolley-car in motion this evening,
missed his hold and his left le^ slipp- d in
front of the wheels. The bones near tie
ankle were so badly crushed that amputa
tion was necessary. Turner is a car
builder in the Southern Pacific Company's
shops.
PORTLAND CRIME PUNISHED.
George W. Raxter Found Guilty of Man
slaughttr.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 21.— George W.
Baxter, who cut his wife's throat on the
night of February 6, was found guilty of
manslaughter by a jury in the State Crimi
nal Court last night.
The jury required eight hours to reach
an agreement, and fourteen ballots were
taken before a verdict was reached. The
case has been on trial the entire week, and
the taking of evidence proceeded very
tediously. The defense of Baxter's coun
sel was emotional insanity, and defend
ant claimed that he did not know what he
was doing because of extreme provocation
and excitement, which deranged his mind.
The circumstances of the murder were:
Mrs. Baxter had been away from home
drinking. When she returned husband
and wife engaged in a quarrel, which
ended in Baxter seizing a razor and de
liberately slashing the woman's throat,
nearly severing her head from the body.
Their little 6-year-o!d girl Edna ran out
and told the neighbors, and when the po
lice arrived the infuriated man had locKed
the door of the room in which they lived
and refused the police admittance. When
the door was broken in Baxter made an
attempt to cut his own throat, but was
prevented from so doin*.
He was guarded at the hospital for sev
eral weeks, where he acted like a violently
insane man. Mrs. Baxter had repeatedly
promised to quit drinking, but would leave
her home and cnild when he was away
and go to drinkir.g again.
SANTA CRUZ FATALITY.
Edward P. Baker's Awful Plunge
to Death From a High
Bridge.
Loses Control of a Bicycle He Is
Riding While Descending
a Grade.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June^' —Edward
P. Baker, a retired clergyman riding a
bicycle on the Ben Lomond road, ran off a
wagon bridge near Ben Lomond last night
and fell a distance of fifty-five feet, into
the dry bed of the creek. His skull was
crushed and death is believed to have re
sulted instantly. The accident occurred
between ti and 7 o'clock, but the body was
not found until 2 o'clock this morning.
Mr. Baker had recently returned to Oak
land from several years' stay in Honolulu,
and witn his wife had come to Bon Lo
mond and taken a cottage for the summer.
They were joined yesterday by their son
in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. E. P.
Foster of San Francisco.
Mr. I! iker whs about 60 years of age and
in feeble health, and had been riding a
bicycle for exercise. When he did not re
turn from his mitinj.' last night the family
became uneasy and sought him. The
bicycle track was traced to the bridge and
the search was given up until this morn
ing, when his body was founJ. There is
no guardrail on the bridge, and it is pre
sumed that in running down the incline
approach his wheel became unmanage
able.
OREGOS JUll.lllA JSEEHED.
A Mob Trying to Lynch a Roseburg
Murderer.
SALEM, Ok., June 21.— More work is
ahe"ad for the Oregon National Guard. The
Mayor of Roseburg applied to Governor
Lord late last night for permission to
order out the local troops at Roseburg to
prevent a mob from lynching James
Dixon, confined in jail at that city. Dixon
killed Charles Rice at a baseball game last
Sunday at Blakesleys.
A guard has been placed aronnd the jail
and Sheriff Catheart took the prisoner to
Eugene this afternoon for safe keeping.
The Sheriff walked a short distance, sig
naled the train, and, getting on board with
his priponer, was soon beyond the reach of
the would-be lynchers.
The first intimation that an attempt
would be made to lynch Dixon was last
night when John Dixon, a brother of the
murderer, rode into Roseburg and in
formed the Sheriff that a largo mob waj
forming at Blakesley-s the scene of the
crime, with the intention of proceeding to
Roseburg and demanding the prisoner.
Dixon and Rice were old enemies, and
their quarrel was reopened over a decision
concerning a ball same. After a few hot
words Dixon drew a revolver and fired
twice at Rice, both snots taking effect and
killing him instantly.
TELAR'S FORTY THIEVES.
One of the Gang Is Unally Cr nvicted of
Sheep- Steal i mj.
FRESNO, Cal.. June 21.— A jury last
night brought in a verdict of guilty in the
case of Jl E. Jeffords, charged with rob
bing a sheepherder's camp last summer,
Jeffords belongs to a bund called the
Forty Thieves, which has infested Tuiarc,
Kings and Fresno counties for years, and
efforts to convict any of them have always
failed till the present case, when members
of the gang betrayed Jeffords and gave
evidence wnich secured his conviction.
The gang is accused, not only of stealing
cattle, horxes, uriiin and robbing people,
but also of robbing the railroad station at
Armona two years ago. Other members
of the gang are in jail.
GODDESS OF RED RLEFF.
Miss Lena Franlc Will Rule on the
fourth of July.
RED BLUFF, Cal., June 21.— The con
test for Goddess of Liberty at the Fourth
of July celebration in Ked Bluff this year
came to a close last night, Miss Lena
Frank tteing the successful aspirant and
Miss Evalyu Cain second. The contest
has. during the forty days it lasted, been
quite spirited at times, and several yount<
ladies have at different times led. The
chosen goddess is a pronounced brunette
an<l one of the most popular society belles
of Red Bluff.
Rutehers' Picnic at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 21.— The
picnic and parade of the Butchers' Asso
ciation, held here to-day, was one of the
most successful and largely attended
events of this nature thai have occurred in
the city for years. Large delegations came
fioin Sun Francisco, Oakland and Stockton,
and in company with the local branch of
the order paraded the city. Later they
adjourned to East Park and passed the
day In feasting and dancing.
A Wayward Girl to Re Cared for.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— Coriuno
Allen, the wayward girl who was arrested
yesterday on an insanity charge preferred
by ncr father, was examined by Or. Har
ris and found to be perfectly sane.
She will be released from jail Monday.
Some ladies of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union are interestin. them
selves in the girl, and they will provide
her with a good home.
Forester* to Celebrate the fourth.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— Courts Alum
Rock and San Jose, American Forester 3,
are making extensive arrangements for
the celebration of the Fourth at Agricul
tural Park. There will bo a picnic, with
literary exercises, dancing and all kinds of
sports.
ASSAILS A LOS
ANGELES PASTOR,
Rev. Mr. Jones of Santa
Monica Denounces a
Brother.
STRIFE OVER HARBORS.
He Says Preacher Wilson Has
Vilely Slandered Collis P.
Huntington.
CALLS HIM A BLATANT CALF.
Ecclesiastical War Resulting From
an Attack Upon the Southern
Pacific.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 21.— One of
the largest preachers, both physically and
mentally, who ever expounded Christian
religion to a Los Angeles congregation is
Rev. John R. B. Wilson, pastor of the
First M. E. Church on Broadway. This
gentleman, it seems, on a recent occasion
had the temerity to "speak right out in
meetin' " as to the scheme of Huntington
and his associates to filch a iurge sum of
money from the National treasury for pri
vate ends in the construction of a Santa
Monica breakwater. This was done in a
leiter to the Marine Journal, printed in
New York.
To the reverend gentleman's utter
amazement he soon found that his mis
sive had fallen among Huntington's
friends, who instead of publishing the
communication turned it over to the
Southern Pacific authorities. They in
formed the writer that they had his
article, and intimated that it might be as
well for him to devote his time and talents
in the exclusive direction of saving souls.
The preacher demanded the return of his
paper, but was put off on one pretext or
another from that time to the present.
He finally made the whole matter public
through an interview in a local news
paper, in which he set out the absurdities
of the Santa Monica harbor proposition in
very emphatic language, and at the same
time gave his views oi J. M. Crawley, who
holds fast to his article, in anything but
flattering terms.
Now comes Rev. I. Merlin Jones, rector
of the Episcopal Church at Santa Monica,
and tells what he think? of the "Meddle
some Rev. Wilson." The Santa Monica
divine shows bim.self to bo an adept in
vindictive phrase, as the following would
indicate:
"I brand the assertion of Brother Wil
son as untrue, fal«e and misleading; ut
tered by him through ignorance or through
malice. Well! WelFl If Dr. Wilson's quali
fications as an 'expert' are not. better
founded than this they muit be very
flimsy and un reliable indeed! Here this
noble preacher took a trip to the mam
moth wharf one day — an expert out ex
periinu. He saw a sliip of saintly name
discharging her cargo thirty long feet from
the wharf; therefore, the wharf is not
safe; therefore. Santa Monica is not the
place for a harbor. Ergo— O, Shade of
Whatiey— ersro! The man who wrote the
letter to the New York Marine Journal did
not know what he was talking about or
was venial.
"Here, then, I say is 'gall' unparalleled,
egotism unsurpassed and blatancy that
cannot be equaled by a year-old calf, all
concentrated in 'Expert' Wilson's harbor
views."
LOS ANGELES REFORMERS.
Rusiness Men's Store to Improve the Lo
cal Government.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 21. — A
large number of merchants and lead
ing business n-en of this city have be
come disgusted with the municipal gov
ernment and have started a movement
looking toward improving the conduct of
affairs. The committee having the mat
ter in charge has adopted a novel manner
of procedure. They have issued a list of
500 names of influential people of the city
and are endeavoring to get them to agree
to take part in th's reform campaign.
When 30C have :issentpd their willingness
to ally themselves with the movement a
convention will be calied and the first ac
tive steps will be tak'jn toward improving
the local government. The committee on
organization is composed of John F. Fran-
Ois, Knspar E. Cohn, J. R. Newberry, W.
<;. Kerckhoff,George W. Parsons, Percy R.
Wilson, Robert McGarvin, FranK A. Gib
son, Fred L. AUes and Henry W. Ornel
veny.
FORESTERS CELEBRATE.
Twenty- Second Anniversary of the Found
ing of the Order.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jane 21.— 1n ac
cordance with a proclamation issued
lately by G. A. McElfresh, high chief
ranger of the Independent Order of For
esters of America, members of the order
assembled in Simpson Tabernacle, on
South Hope street, this afternoon to com
memorate the twenty-second anniversary
of the order's birth. A large audience
was present and the ceremonies were im
pressive and excellently conducted. They
consisted of the ritualistic anniversary
services by the High Court officers, in
cluding the singing of the Anniversary
Ode and the Foresters' Anthem by tne
audience. An able and eloquent sermon
appropriate to the occasion was delivered
by Rev. 0. C. McLean, pastor of the Simp
son M. E. Church.
MEMORIAL CHURCH OPENED.
Rnptiata Aasemhle in Their JKciv and
Pretty House of Worship.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 21.— The
formal opening of the new Memorial Bap
tist Church took piace here to-day. The
precty new church is on Grand avenue,
near Twenty-third street. It has a main
auditorium witn a seating capacity of 400,
and by throwing open the Sunday-school
rooms 200 more people can be accommo
dated. The building is of attractive ex
terior and comfortably arranged inside.
Dr. Harper, pastor of the First Baptist
church of Redlands, preached the opening
service, and the pastor of the church, Rev.
A. W. Rider, also took part. There were
services at 11 o'ciock in the morning and
at 3 in the afternoon and 7:30 in the
evening. __________ ___„,
FELONY CASE DISMISSED.
The Husband Disqualified From Testi
fy in a Against His Wife.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— The felony
case against Amelia Navaez, who was
charged by her husband, Frank Narvaez,
with being untrue to her marriage vows
and on too friendly terms with Cipriano
Chavarria.was dismissed yesterday by Jus
tice Dwyer. The husband was disquali
fied from testifying against his wife, and
there was no other witness to testify. It
id understood Mr>. Niirvaez will be prose
cuted on another charge.
FISALIA SUICIDE.
Charles W. Redell Ends His Life With a
Rullet.
VISALIA, Cal., June 21.— Charles W.
Bedell committed suicide here yester
day by shooting himself in the mouth
with a revolver. Deceased had been in
the employ of Downing & Whitney of the
Visalia Milling Company, but had re
cently lost his situation. This, together
with a spell of sickness during the last
few days, seemed to discourage him and
about 4 o'clock this afternoon he went into
the grain warehouse adjoining the mill,
spread a blanket behind a pile of grain
sacks and took his life. He came here a
short time ago from Colusa, where he had*
been employed in the grain and milling
business. His relatives there have been
wired to. Deceased left the following note
to Mr. Downing:
Dear Kd.: You will please pardon me tor
this lash act, but I am sick and tired of living.
I'lease give me a respectable burial and give
my several effects to Ed Bedell. Yours in
haste, wiih best wishes,
Charles W. Bedell.
COOKS INLET RUBRLE RURSTS.
Discouraged Miners Are Flocking Front
lurnagain Arm.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 21.— Captain
Thuriell of the schooner Stella Erland,
which arrived in port to-day direct from
Six-Mile Creek, says the Cooks Inlet bubble
has burst. The greatest discourage
ment prevails among tiie miners, who are
leaving Turnagain Arm by dozens and
making their way back to Juneau, some
for the purpose of returning to the States
and others to go on into the Yukon coun
try.
SANTA CLARA'S HARVEST,
Fruit-Growers Begin to Figure
on the Supply and
Demand.
Prices of Apr cots, Peaches and
Prunes Will Not Be Lower Than
Last Year.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— A few sales
of green fruit on the trees have been re
ported during the past week. The amount
offered indic&tes that prices will not be
lower than last year, but it is yet a little
too early for any fixed price to be offered.
The canners have fixed some prices for
apricots and peaches and a few purcnases
have been made. Moorpark apricots have
brought as high as $35 per ton and some
have sold for $32 50. Some apricots that
run twelve to the pound have sold for $jO.
A sale of pears at $21 per ton has been re
ported. There has been no sale of peaches,
but it is said tbat $20 to $25 has been
offered for clingstones.
Colonel Philo Hersey, president of the
Santa Clara County Fruit Exchange, in
speaking of the price of prunes yesterday
said: "The price of prunes will be regu
lated ny tire prices obtained for the open
ing sales of the dried product. Any per
son who buys or sells to-day does so
simply upon" a basis of speculation or
upon what "he believes or imagines tne
market will be. Prunes may be worth $30
or :}'2O. It cannot be told what their value
will be because no one can foretell what
the value of the dried product will be.
■'I would not to-day sell green prunes
for $30 per ton, but I may yet be more will
ing to sell them at $25 when the price is es
tablishes and the actual sales of the dried
product begins. I do not see any reason
why the grower should feel uneasy or ex
hibit undue baste to dispose of green
prunes. There is yet an abundance of
time before the fruit begins to change
color, and the make! begins to demand
them."
AWKWARD HITCH AT A WEDDING.
Myer Cohen, the Groom-Elect, Fails to
Present Himself.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— The wed
ding of Miss Hinda Greenberg, daughter
of A. Greenberg of this city, and Myer
Cohen of Oakland was to have taken place
at 5 o'clock this afternoon at the home of
the bride's father, but the failure of Mr.
Cohen to put in an appearance caused the
ceremony to be indefinitely postponed.
No cause was given by the derelict groom
elect for his failure to be present and his
fiancee is prostrated with grief and humili
ation. Elaborate preparations had been
made for the ceremony. Cohen is at
tached to one of the Oakland papers and
was at one time associated with Harris
with the San Francisco baseball club. A
brother of Miss (ireenberg left this city
for Oakland this evening to get an ac
counting from Cohen for his strange con
duct.
SAN JOSE INJONCTION SUIT.
Protests Against the Issuance of Water
Works Ronds.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— C. W. Jones
of Palo Alto has commenced suit in the
Superior Court against the Town Trustees
and Clerk Simpkins of Palo Alto to pre
vent the issuance of $40,000 in gold for the
purpose of erecting v public system of
water works, as ordered by an election
held May 9. The bonds are to run for
forty years. Jones allctres that the issue
of bonds, payable in gold, is contrary to
Jaw, and that the bonds will become a
charge against his property. He asks for
a perpetual injunction restraining defend
ants from issuing the bonds.
M. MiaUer Wins the Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— The five
mile handicap road race of the High
School Wheelmen yesterday afternoon
was won by M. Baker with a handicap of
1:10 in 14:42; H. Phillips (1:30) second;
I. L. Ryder won the time prize from
scratch in 14:07. The others finished in
the order named : 0. Gilbert, (2 :30) third ;
I. L. Ryder, scratch; R. Watson, 0:50; R.
Walters, scratch; L. Toncray, 1:25; F.
Cusick,o:3o.
Jockey Swiggers' Hallucination.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— John Swig
gers, a jockey in the employ of Charles
Boots at Agricultural Park, has been ar
rested on a charge of insanity. Swiggers
recently came from the East. He has
been sick, and a few days ago began to
drink heavily. Friday night he became
possessed of the idea that the other em
ployes at the race track hsd it in for him
and he started out with the sole purpose
of annihilating them all. His condition
is improving and the charge will probably
be dismissed.
Policeman Charged With Extortion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.—Ex-Police
man John Horn has been placed under
$1000 bonds to answer to a charge of ex
tortion preferred by Mrs. Mamie Ketchuni,
a young colored woman. In the com
plaint Mrs. Ketchum alleges that Horn
stopped her on the corner of Santa Clara
and Orchard streets on Saturday night,
June 13, and under threats of arresting her
for vagrancy compelled the complainant
to give him 9f> cents, all the money &he
had. Horn's examination is set for July 6.
Appointed Cadet to ff'eat Point.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 21.— Paul A. Dins
more, son of Rev. Dr. Dinsrnore of this city,
has been appointed a cadet to the United
States Military Academy at West Point
by Congressman Loud. Young Dinsmore
is 18 years of age and a graduate of the
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy at
San Rafael. He does not enter the acad
emy until next June.
TRICKERY OF A
VISALIA SUSPECT.
Charles Ardell Swallowed
Poison, but Not to End
His Life.
LOOKING TOR SYMPATHY
Letters Declaring His Innocence
Carefully Prepared in
Advance.
A STRANGE THEORY EVOLVED.
Officers Believe He Sacrificed Himself
to Make a JaiNßreak
Possible.
VISALJA, Cal., June 21.— Charles Ar
dell, charged with complicity in the at
tempted train robbery at Sagus on March
18, has failed in his attempt to cheat jus
tice. When Dr. Patterson left the jail at
midnight he said the prisoner would re
cover from the effects of the morphine he
had r.wallowed. Several hours later the
physician was aroused by a messenger,
who summoned him to Ardell's cell. He
found Ardell in a heavy stupor and seem
ingly dying. Then a change came, and
this afternoon the prisoner was out of
danger.
Ardell's jail companions claim that the
morphine was passed in to Murderer John
Howard, now at Folsom under sentence
of death. Howard did not use it, but hid
it away for the benefit of a future occupant
of his cell. Ardell was occupying this cell
and claims to have found it.
Sheriff Merritt is still of the opinion that
the attempt at suicide was to create public
sympathy or to enable .Tosiah Lovren,
Claude Armstrong and Walter Talmadge
to make a break for liberty. At the time
Lovren cut his throat in an attempt to
end his life Armstrong, Talmadge and Ar
dell were released from their cells to
render assistance. Last night when Rus
sell, the guard, answered Ardell's call
these prisoners pleaded to be let out so
that they could walk Ardell around, while
Hafley, another deputy, could go for a
physician, but Russell was not to be
tricked. Then Lovren raved at every
body.
The officers believe that Ardell took tnp
morphine and then gave the alarm, know
• ing that a physician could easily save his
j life if he arrived at once. Unluckily for
; the schemer, the doctor could not be
! found for over a half hour, and Ardell was
| all but dead. No one believes that Ardell
i really intended to cross the river to the
unseen shores. If he did offer himselt its
a sacrifice to permit his companions to
I escape, he suffered fora few hours in order
' to derive what benefit would accrue jrom
j the letters protesting his innocenc?, which
! he had written and deposited where they
j would be found when his call to the guard
was answered. If Ardell wante-1 to die,
! why did he "sing out" as soon as he had
! swallowed poison ?
When Ardell was brought from his cell
to the main office last night he noticed
that Obie Britt was there and requested
that Britt go out. Britt did not at first
understand, but on Ardell's requesting
him the second time, he withdrew.
The cells around the corridor are occu»
pied by Ardell, Lovren, Claude Armstrong
(the leader of the so-called Forty Thieves
of Traver), now under sentence of four
years for horse-stealing and awaiting an
appeal to the Supreme Court; Chun John,
Chun Cheon and Chun Joe, charged with
complicity in a recent murier, and Walter
Talmadge, under two sentences of nine
years each for complicity in the notorious
hog-stealing cases and also awaiting an
appeal to the Supreme Court.
Talmadge was one of the principals in
the Mokelumne grant fight. About eight
years ago he settled near Delano on a
timber claim. He afterward moved to
Tulare City. For years the iate Will
Smith had him under surveillance, and in
1893 ex-Sheriff Kay and Will Smith ar
j rested Talmadge and Joe Foster for hold
ing up the Southern Pacific agent at
Goshen.
As a general rule these prisoners never
go to bed early, but stand for hours at the
I wickets talking to each other. Last niaht
! was the exception, all retiring" shortly
i after 9 o'clock.
NEW TO-DAT.
Time is money— no time for cere-mony.
Trust to luck if you will-
maybe these bargains will
wait till you get good and
ready. Wouldn't be too sure,
though.
For little fellows 3-6 years,
regular little beauties in C| cfk
all-wool "Zouave" suits.. 4> » •OKJ
Who'd have a Kilt? Sailor "75
Suits, all colors • /O
Long Pants Suits, 11 to 19.. 4.00
Short (Knee) Trousers »£5
We are THE Boys' Vacation
Outfitters of S. F.— top-to-toe
outfitters.
Overalls, Blouses, Waists,
Hosiery, Hats, Caps
Prices matchless — for the
quality.
Mail orders — special riep't, special c
7
34
JOHN DAGGETT
THE NEW BOSS,
Succeeds Foote as the State
Leader of the Demo
crats.
DONE AT SAi
Now the Mint Superintendent
Can Dictate to All His
Minions.
MAY ALSO FRAME POLICIES.
Will Name Nineteen of the Twenty
Additional Members of the
Central Committee.
Out ot" the fuss and feathers, the fury
and the fighting of the recent Democratic
Convention at Sacramento comes a new
boss for the Democratic party of Califor
nia. He is John Daggett Hereafter no
Democrat may aspire to party prominence
in this State except by the consent'©! the
man who for years ruled In Siskiyou, but
who will hereafter as completely control
the party destinies of Alameda cov.nty.
The fact that Alameda s first on the rull
ctll makes it a matter of some Importance
to a leading politician ol the State, for by
the initial vote ne may at a moment's
notice indicate his p. licy and his wishes.
After this, the saying will be current
among Democrats that "As goes Alameda
so goes the rest of the State.' 1
At the beginning ol the Sacramento I
convention \V. W. Foote was regarded as i
a more important factor in California poli- j
t;cs than John Dagsrett. At the close ol
the session their positions were reversed, ■
and the change is anal. When Mr. Foote
made peace with Mr. Daggett through the
good affioea of Frank Gkmld he abandoned
his position as leader and Daggeti stepped 1
to the from. Foote had set his heart on j
going to Chicago as a deiegate-at-large, !
and fearing that his chances were imper- I
iled by the opposition of Daggett it ap
pears that he consented to a truce.
One of the last things done by the Sac
ramento convention . was to authorize
Chairman Gould to add twenty members
to the State Central Committee.
When that list is made up it will be
Been that Daggett has named at least nine
teen of them. He may get tlie whole
twenty. There is nothing to stop him
Jrotn doing so if he desires. The fact
that Daggett is to-day the most potent
factor in the Democratic party of this
State is due to his activity and his ability
to handle and give out' more patronage
than any other man. The Mint, of which
he is superintendent, he has used arbitra
rily for the advancement of his own politi
cal interests by tne making and changing of
appointments. The other Federal deport
ments in this State are honeycombed with
his favorites. Notwithstanding declara
tions of opposition in certain quarters a
great many of his friends have soft . :
in the State's service.
Daggett has all the qualities of the
modern boss, for he looks out for places
for his followers, and modern followers
demand tins as the tint condition of disci
ples-hip. Daggett is cool, calculating,
patient, untiring, and he has that quality
of reticence that seems to be the great pre
requisite of the up-to-date political boss.
In Sacramento he was seldom seen and
never heard except in private. He made
no speeches on the floor of the convention,
though he could have had a hundred
proxies. Yet his influence was manifested
in every ballot that was cast. He did wot
shout or rail in barrooms or hotel lobbies.
At the beginning of the session Congress
man Alagtnre was the leading candidate
for delegate at large to the National con-
Tention at Chicago. When the votes were
counted he was the lowest in the list of
the four successful competitors. Dagsett
could have defeated him if he had thought
it worth while to do so. He can defeat
MagUire for Congress, but probably will
not throw his influence that way. as Ma
guire is less in the way in Washington
than in California. As a matter of fact a
man almost drops out of State politics the
moment he goes to the National capital.
Among the Romans when an ambitious
commander became troublesome at home
it was the custom to give him a commis
sion as a pro-consul and send him abroad
to rule some Imperial colony, where, no
longer surrounded by his partisans and
adherent?, his power and influence on the
central government became quickly min
imited. That form of honorable banish
ment greatly resembles the present
method of disposing of rising politicians
■when they cannot be brought under the
yoke of the ruling spirit in the home
circle.
This may somewhat apply even to the
case of senator Stephen M. White. A few
years ago White's name was constantly on
the Democratic tongue. Now he is scarce
ly heard of among the practical men of
the party who conduct its councils and
dominate its policy. But Stephen M.
White could not be a political boss in Cali
fornia. He is not built right for that,
which is not to his discredit.
Likewise W. W. Foote has not the quali
fications for a boss. He clearly showed
this by his coarse in Sacramento. He is
entirely too frank, too impetuous. His
bitter little speech in announcing the vote
of Alameda County on the question of
sustaining the ruling of Temporary Chair
man Ruddock, saying that his county cast
Its vote "in behalf of decency," lost him
many friends and gained him no new sup
port. Hut that is only one phase of his
character which disqualifies him for boss
skip. Mr. Foote has not the patience to
dole out party places to the hungry hordes
of camp-followers that are known to ail
political organizations."
In a large, generous way he would go as
far as any man to assist a friend to a good
position, but he could not endure the
drudgery of parceling out paltry jobs to
needy and persistent haneers-on. Mr.
Foote has many charming traits. These
mostly militate against his chances for
achievements as a boss. On these he may
be sincerely congratulated, though they
bar him from success in politic.
With John l>aesett it is different. He
likes this kind of moil in the muck of the
political morass and is content to wait.
He who was read out of the Democratic
party by the Stockton convention was not
discouraged. He waited until a Demo
cratic administration was entrenched at
Washington and then demanded and se
cured the choicest plum of California's
National patronage despite the strenuous
objections of California's most eminent
and most influential Democrats. Now his
game is about won, for he has practical
control of the party machinery, and those
politicians and journalists who do not like
to serve under his banner will have the
great American privilege of walking out.
It is safe to predict that Frank H.
Gould will rise no higher in his party, nor
will his future be so pleasant as has been
his career for the past four years, it is
true that be has succeeded in obtaining
positions in the Mint and in some State
institutions for several of his relatives,
but that will be the extent of his political
prosperity. From this date he is the fac
totum of John Daggett, just as is John
Hartley, secretary of the State Central
Committee, and secretary of the State
Board of Examiners.
Gavin McNnb was somewhat promi
nent in Sacramento on account of his stat
ure. He will; however, be simply a lieu
tenant for Dapgett, as he was during the
convention. Very few of the country dele
gates obtained more than a speaking ac
quaintance with Mr. McNab. When they
wanted to talk "business" they went to
see Decitett, who was actually the only
nuin who could remain in his room at the
hotel and 'Vend for men."
Charles Wesley Reed made an amusing
speech when he denounced Daggett,
though, as he say*, be saved Maguire
from defeat. Those who have met Mr.
Reed know how much he desires to get
on in politics, and when he opens his eyes
to the true condition of affairs he will be
repentant and apologetic At the next
banquet tint is to be {jiven in honor of
that eminent citizen, statesman and
patriot, the Hon. John Daggett, it
may be assumed that Mr. Reed will
be the first to arise in his place and pro
pose the health of the distinguished guest
of the evening. "And, gentlemen, let the
royal bumper be drank standing," lie will
.nid in his most strident tones.
Cue oi the o<Ul things done by the Sac
ramento convention w»s to defeat ther^so
aition offered by J. Marion Brooks of Los
Atiteles expressing sympathy with Cuba.
The resolution %v»b as :oliows:
Resolved, That we are in sympathy with the
Cuban patiiots in their efforts to establish a
republic, fusil Javor according to them the
rights of belligerents by the United States.
John Dacgett objected to the resolution
on the ground that to adopt it would look
like a criticism of President Cleveland,
who has refused any kind of aid or com
fort to the Cuban patriot*. Mr. Daegett
also added something about the faulty
syntax of the resolution. It was declared
out oi order twice and at last when regu
larly before the convention was oidered to
he on ti.e talk* by an overwhelming vote.
Bo Daggett had the final victory of the
convention and the Cubans must struggle
along without the sympathy of the Demo
crats of California. 'W km s Dkuky.
JORDAN AND THE SEALS
Stanford's President Starts on
a New International
Mission.
Bering Sea Question to Be Inves
tigated by America, England
and Japan.
President Jordan of the Stanford Uni
versity, head of the Bering Sea Commis
sion that will endeavor to settle tne fur
seal question by going over the sealing
grounds with representatives of England,
Canada and Japan, started for Seattle Sat
urday with his secretary to take passage
from that port on the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross, which has
been especially fitted up and detailed for
the expedition.
The exact nature of the commission is
not yet known, as sealed orders are await
ing Dr. Jordan at Seattle.
"The ultimate purpose,"' said Professor
Jordan last nigh;, during a hasty n.ieal
just before train time, "is undoubtedly to
settle the Bering Baa question. Further
than that 1 cannot say. Detailed instruc
tions have been sent to Seattle.
"In the party will be Dr. Leonard
Stejever. curator of reptiles in the Bmilh
s. man Institution, and originally from
the University of Christiania, Norway. He
is probably the best student of tne'anat
omy of birds and reptiles tiring. He was
in charge of one expedition to the seal J
islands. The United States has sent out j
two smaller expeditions be:'ore tiiis one, !
which is the largest and best equipped of i
ul:.
•One was sent out by the Fish Commis
sion and the Other by s department at
Washington.
"Oilier members of the party are Freder
ick A. Hues, curator of anatomy in the
ai museum in the Smithsonian In
stitution: Joseph Murray, a practical seal
hunter of Alaska; Charles 11. Townsend,
the naturalist, aboar.l the Albatross;
George A. Clark oi Staniord University, j
secretary of the expedition; the British
Uoamiseioner, Hon. DA.-cv W. Thomp
son oi London; the Canadian Commis
sioner, Mr. Alacoun of Ottawa; and the
captain of the chip. Lieutenant-Com
mander Jefferson F. lioser.
'•We will Wail three croups of islands—
the PrybUoff, an American iosjession;
the Commander, owned by Russia, and
the Kurile, a group belonging to Japan.
When we vis-it the last named we will be
joined by two Commissioners from Japan.
I have not yet heani their names.
•It is an international affair, though I
suppose the foreign Commissioners are
guests of the United States.
"The investigations have to do entirely
with the fur-bearing animal?, seal and fur
otter. Of course I snail go fishing to some
extent, and shall probably pick up some
interesting specimens.
•I was officially appointed on June 17,
but was actually notified several days bo
fore that.
"We will be back on the 25th of Sep
tember.
•My address in the meantime will be
'Nowhere,' for I believe there is only one
postoffice up tnere and a mail reaches it
about once in six months."
Dr. Jordan will receive from the Gov
ernment $4000 for bis three months' serv
ice in an expedition that to him will be
much in the Baton of a pleasant vacation
t/ip. At the same time his salary of $10,
--0u) a year as president of Staniurd Uni
versity goes on whether scnool keep* or
not.
In order to take charge of this impor
tant Government commission, Professor
Jordan canceled all his lecturing engage
ments in the East and ins arrangement
with Indiana University, where lie wad to
have delivered the commencement ad
dress to the graduating class. But more
important probably to him than these con
siderations was the disappointment of giv
ing up a long-contemplated visit with his
aged parents, who were to have accom
panied him from Seattle to their old East
ern home.
MRS. HNOPU'S PURSE.
Lost Near the Cliff and Recovered by
the Police.
Mrs. E. M. Knoph of 232 San Carlos
avenue was one of a number of people who
sat on the beach near the Cliff House
yesterday and watched the seals. A few
moments after she arose and bad started
for the cars she missed her purse, contain
ing Hi 35. *
She was noticed by several persons
making a search, when some one told her
that a man, who was pointed out to her,
had picked up something from tne sand
near where she had oeen sealed. He was
approached and asked if he had picked up
a purr«e, but he refused to make any
answer. He was, however, kept in sight
as he got on the train, and at the terminus
followed until Officer Harrison JJorau was
me and the matter stated to him.
He halted the man, who stated that his
name was Charle- Wise, and asked him
for the nurse. Wise made iwfiH tnat he
was going to take it to the office of the
Chiel of Police, but the officer compelled
him to surrender it, and alter examining
ita contents found that it tallied with the
Indy's description thereof, so he turned it
over to her.
Scores of Quaker families in Southern
Pennsylvania nave preserved tue marriage
oertifieatw of their ancestors for mauy
generations, signed— as is the Quake*
custom— by all the guests at the ceremony.
It is estimated that it takes two years
for the water irom the Golf of Mexico to
travel from Florida to the coast of Nor
way.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
'HEATH THE HAND
OF THE REAPER,
Odd Fellows Unite in An
nual Memorial Ser
vices.
ADDRESSES IN EULOGY.
Past Masters Speak of Their
Departed Lodge Mem
bers.
DIED ON THE FIELD OF HONOR.
San Francisco and Apol 0 Lodges
Mourn the Loss of Many True
and Tried Brothers.
There was a solemn gathering in Odd
Fe lows' Hall yesterday afternoon. The
Friday night lodges— that is. those whose
meeting night occurs on Friday — had as
sembled together \o do honor to those of
their members who during tl c past year
had fallen 'neath the hand of the reaper.
The extensive membership of the Odd
Fellows' lodges in this City made it im
practicable lor al! to unite in the services.
The lodges represented yesterday were:
San Francisco No. 3, Apollo No. 123. Ophir
No. 171 and Sargent No. 968. These were
assisted by the Patriarchs Militant Can
ton ban Francisco No. 5, R. H. Dune.in
commander, and California No. 1, Oriental
No. 90, Amity No. 161, Templar No. 19,
Walhalla No. 130 and Loyal 215 of the
Kebekah lodges.
After an organ voluntary by H. M. .Bos
worth, \V. F. Norcrosß, president of the
day, briefly stated the objects of the ser
vices. '1 he audience then joined in a
hymn, followed by a prayer by Chaplain
J. \V. Perry. The Press Club quartet ren
dered "Rock of Ages," after which W. F.
Norcross read the ritual prescribed by the
Grand Lodsie tor such occasions, and also
a portion of an address delivered by Rev.
John Venable. yrand chaplain of the or
der, at the convocation held in Oregon last
y- ar. The address was on the relation of
Odd Fellowship to the churcli. It de
scribed the var ous functions of the two
institutions, and declared that they were
in nowise antagonistic, but both had their
plaices in the development of a Christian
civ'ilizu'.ion.
The Pre-^s Club quartet then rendered
another selection, after which the presi
dent delivered a eulogy on H. T. Dorrence
and Wesley Miuta, past grand representa
tives. He said m part:
It has fallen to my task to speak briefly of
two members, not members of any of the
lodges here, but representatives to the Grand
Sovereign Lodge. They were well known to all
Odd Fellows and their memories are dear.
Brother Dorren.e came early to California,
and early he became identified with Odd-Fel
lowship. ' He was elected delegate to the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge. He was a member of
Charity Lodge No. 6 of Stockton. His record
was unblemished for high character and his
memory will long linger in the minds of his
brothers.
Brother Wesley Mint* was also a delegate to
the Sovereign i.mud Lodge; His name recalls
pleasant and endearing recollections which
time cannot efface.
James Linforth, past grand master of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. pronounced a
eulogy upon Job Seaman, who died Octo
ber 13, 1 895. He said:
Brother Seaman was kind and Indulgent,
kind t<> a fault. Although he had bandied
more than one fortune, death found him, like
soiiianv of the early comers to this land, of lit
tie wealth. He man intelligent and faithful
Odd Fellow. He wan genial and open-hearted.
Every one spoke well oi him, and it is doubtful
if he had an enemy in me world. He also
apokt nil of every one. He overlooked a
fault to tind a virtue. It is to be regretted that
his frequent absence from San Francisco de
prived many of the younger members of his
acquaintance.
Martin Stevens, also past master of Ban
Francisco Lodge No. 3, was the next
speaker. He said:
Ladies and gentlemen, brothers ana sisters:
A snort distance from here in the plot of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 is a marble slab on
which are printed a lew words, merely the
dates of the birth and the death of John Tur
lev. But Is this the whole of that man's life?
Does that alone toll the whole story? That it
does not you are brought here this afternoon
to learn. He joined the Odd Fellows at the
age of 32, and until his death he was a consist
ent Odd Fellow. To many of you that may
mean little, to Odd Fellows* it menus that he
was true and generous; that he never neglected
an oppoi tunity to do a good act to a brother.
This man of whom I speak was a (rood man.
He gave unselfishly of his own means. lie led
a life of honor and of purity.
1 have been asked also to speak of Brother
C. W. Ham. All that I have said of Brother
Turley may also be said of him. For fifty-two
years he was a consistent Odd Fellow. It is a
beautiful ceremony that suggests that we
meet here to-day in remembrance of these
honored men. When the last grand reveille
shall be sounded, when the bugle blast shall
ring out on the air for the last time and the
recording angel shall call the names of these
wen for the last time, back shall come the
answer sweetly, "Dead on the field of honor.'
A. P. Black spoke in memory of C. H.
Allison, A. J. Trask and Judge McAfee,
also of San Francisco Lodge No. 3:
It mast by this time h?.ve become evident to
you that ?an Francisco Lodge No. 3 has
olt during the last year been invaded by death.
I have been asked by the committee to speak
of Brothers Allison, Trask and McAfee. I do
not remember to ever have seen any of these
three men. It is a beautiful object lesson of
this society that the brothers, though absent,
are still with us. We take care of our brethren.
Though a man may bo in the remotest sec*
tion of the country, ne may be assured that
his wants will be provided tor. My inquiries
have shown me that these three men were
men of lofty character, who were always will-
Ing to do their share. While not men who
urged themselves forward. In their quiot
sphere of life they were well known; they
were beloved. That is the be?t compliment
that can be passed on any man. Those who
knew him most loved him best.
Hon. W. W. Morrow of Apollo Lodge
No. 123 eulogized S. York Atlee and
Charles C. ferril. He said :
What lesson death teaches those who have
departed we know not, but we do know that
death tenches a lesson to those who remain.
The lesson taught by those who hare struggled
through existence, is a lesson to those who
come after. Odd Fellowship is an organiza
tiou that reaches out through the people, ana
it retain* in its record* the history of the
masses. It is from the lives of such people we
draw proper instruction. To-day we meet to
recount something of the character of those
who have departed during the past year.
When I entered Apollo Lodge twenty-three
years ago there were men of strong character
in that lodge. I was particularly impressed
with the character of George Atlee. He was
appointed the first Postmaster of San Fran
cisco, but he did not accept it. He perhaps did
not believe in the future of this State. lam
informed, however, it was because of sickness
in his family. Twenty-two years later, how
ever, he did come to take charge of the
New Age, the official organ of Odd Fellowship.
He afterward went East, where he died, at 92
years of age. He was a strong man then. It
is worth while for us to stop and admire such
men. ■
There is another name I was requested to
mention, and I do it with readiness, because I
knew him well. I refer to Brother C. C. Ter
rill. 1 considered him one of our best citizens.
He was a great man. He was a true man. . He
formed his own views of what | was right, and
he vigorously maintained them. As a mem
ber of th- Legislature he was honored by the
people of .San Francisco for his energy and in
tegrity. He has left his mark in this City, he
has leit It in the Stale. It would be well for
the whole world if we had more such men as
Brother Charles C. Terril!.
G. G. Burnett, a past master of -Apollo
Lodge, spoke feelingly of the life and
death of George J. uhnelook, whom he
find known intimately. He also spoke in
eulogy of J. F. A. Delicot and D. M.
Kinertson.
Franfe Coffin, assisted by the Press Club
quartet, B*a« the heautihu solo, "It Is
Well With My ISoul."
P. W. Jaetjer delivered an eloquent
tribute to the memory of H. Knell, late of
(>i>hir Lodge,, No. 171. After a selection
by the quartet and a hymn by the
audience, Chaplain Perry dismissed the
services with prayer.
BURIAL OF H. C. MANSIR.
He Was Janitor of Odd Fellows'
Hall Since Its Dedication.
Notwithstanding a general annual Odd
Fellows' memorial meeting was being held
in the main (public) hall of Odd Fellow 3*
building yesterday afternoon, and not
withstanding two other funeral cere
monies were being conducted in the same
building at the same time, Memorial Hall
was rihed with brothers and patriarchs
and other mourning friends of the late
henry C. Mansir, at 2 o'clock. Oriental
Encampment and Templar Lodge, to
which the deceased belonged in his life
time, were represented by an aggregate of
nearly two hundred members, while
otoers occupied the remaining seats, and
many crowied round about the doors of
Memorial Hall.
C. \V. Moulthrop occupied the noble
grand's chair, the grand treasurer of the
encampment, George W. Lainont, took tbe
station of chaplain, and a past
chief patriarch of the encampment,
acted as marshal. A specially en
gaged choir, under Organist t^nellock,
sang appropriate tiymns and psalms with
great effect.
The address was by C. A. bumner, who
ja id. in part:
This is, Indeed, a house of mourning.
Another familiar face is to be seen here and
now for the last time; another familiar voice
is hushed, to be heard no more until respon
sive at the resurrection.
Forty years an Odd Fellow, thirty years a
member of Templar Lodge; twenty years a pa
triarcn of Oriental Encampment— years of
age. These are the divisions of his time we
may most appropriately note marking the sum
of his life at the psalmlst'6 prescribed limita
tion of ttiree score and ten.
A lilt in its sphere well spent. His biography
exhibits many traits of character suitable for
a eulogy.
Henry C. Mansir— honest man: good, kind
soul; true, devoted, ardent Odd Fellow; lov
ing, steadiest frien The moment has come
to exclaim here, above your lifeless form, with
the tenderest recollections and affection of a
patriarch and brother: Hail and farewell!
Ami we are glad that he boa lived thus long;
Why mourn that he has -ou<' to Ills reward?
Why should we deem kind nature did him wrong,
Gently to disengage the vital cord?
For \v'»en his hand grew palsied and his eye
Dim with the mists of age it was his time to die!
THE WAR CRY IN CHINESE
The Salvation Army's Official
Organ in a New
Form.
All of the Religions News of the Ranks
Read by the Residents of
Chinatown.
The Salvation Army has begun to issue
a Chinese edition of the War Cry, and the
merchants buy it up like hot cakes and
read every letter and hieroglyphic that it
contains.
This is what the lasses who sell the War
Cry all over the Chinese quarter say, and
any one who likes can contirm their state
ment by locking into the stores, where it
is becoming no uncommon sight to behold
the portly proprietors immersed in the
study of a big sheet of printed Chinese,
quite unintelligible to the average Ameri
can reader, but which is easily distin
guishable as the War Cry by a very big
crown, surmounted by a very little cros3,
whic.h adorns the title page. "When the
members of the army see the Chinese
reading this literature they rejoice greatly,
because after it has been read, marked,
learnt and inwardly dieested they believe
that many conversions will result.
It is OBIT three weeks since Brigadier-
General Keppel resolved to issue a Chi
nese War Cry. There had been none be
fore in the hi.-tory of the army, for that
organization has not yet attempted to
gain a foothold in China. A number of
difficulties lay in the way, the first and
foremost being that "war cry" conveys
such an idea of blood-curdling horror "to
the Chinese mind that no one would have
had courage to read a paper with such a
name. It was absolutely necessary to in
vent a new name, so the" mild aud pleas
; ing one of Salvation Army News was se
j lected, and it has proved satisfactory to
all parties.
Among the converts are several literary
Chinese, who were delighted at the idea of
issuing the War Cry in their own lan
; guaee. Yee Ling was made editor in chief,
i because he was very learned and felt equal
to arranging and adapting the American
War Cry to suit the needs of his own coun
trymen. Under his directions a tasteful
and siriKing title-page was designed,
which included pictures and mottoes in
Chinese. The most conspicuous of the
latter reads, when interpreted: "China for
the Lord."
The amount of labor which Yee Line
lias accomplished since he was promoted
to the editor's chair is considered to be,
astonishing.
He has four large blanket-like pages to
fill with army Dews, and when the Ameri
can version of the War Cry does not strike
him as being suited to the tastes and
spiritual needs of hia fellow-countrymen
he rearranges and adapt?. In many cases
he writes his own articles, aud nearly all
the local Chinatown army news is of hi 3
own gathering. Having composed his
paper, Yee Ling engraves it ail on one
stone, and, considering the» smaJlness and
fantastic shapes of the hieroglyphics, this
is a tremendous undertaking. Chinese
presses are used for the stone-engraving,
and the tirm to which they belong does
the work at half cost, as it has been tiraily
impressed on the minds of the literary
portion of Chinatown that the white magic
contained in the Saivation Army News
will have an uplifting effect on the whole
community.
Editor Yee Linij is assisted to some ex
tent in his labors by Jo Kin. a poet who
has already put a whole book of hymns
into Chinese. Jo Kin only contributes to
the poets corner, however. The current
issue of the Army News contains "There
Is a Fountain" "translated into Chinese
blank verse by him.
Captain Jones, one of the hardest
worKing lasses in Chinatown, spoke very
enthusiastically oi her success ia selling
the Army News.
'•I have been out this morning and have
done a thriving business," she said.
"The people who buy the News read it,
too, and they never complain about what
they find in it. We give copies to all the
Chinese in the Broadway Jail, and last
night— the Lord be praised! — one man
who had read the War Cry In prison and
had only come out that afternoon was at
our meeting. That was a beginning, and
we believe that many conversions will
come from our Army News."
In an old Indian mound near Cedarrille,
Ohio, was recently found a stone image of
a woman in a sitting position. The image
is smoothly carved and well proportioned,
and shows the female features very clearly.
It is thought that it dates back many cen
turies, probably to a time long prior to the
mound-builders. . :
"- * » . » — — " '
A company has been formed in Copen
hagen, with a capital of , 100,000 crowns,
to erect in all the public squares of that
city telephone kiosks, in which, besides
the use of the telephone, the citizens will
find the daily papers, be able to write let
ters, have their boots blackened, receive
messages, etc ■ , - -
MONEY MADE IN
A FEW MITES,
Corbett's Large Revenue
From His Fight With
Sharkey.
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS
Delegations Are Arriving Here
From All Over the
Country.
O'ROTJRKE WANTS SHARKEY.
The Rev. Dr. Case GiVes Some Ad.
vice to the Members of the
Civic Federation.
Jim Groom, representing the National
Athletic Club, and James J. Corbett, look
ing out for his own interests, spent three
hours of their time yesterday afternoon
counting the receipts up to date of the
coming fcur-round contest between the
champion and Sharkey.
The affair is not to take place until next
Wednesday night, but the sale of seats has
been on since last Monday mornir.e. Dur
ing that time 3200 seats have been sold at
an average of $4 each, or $12,800. This is
unquestionably the heaviest sale in ad
vance of any one-night performance in
this City. It must be considered also that
the extreme possibility of its duration can
only be fifteen minutes, while there is a
likelihood of even this short space of time
being cut down by a well-placed blow.
The $2 seats in the ealiery have not yet
been placed on sale, and will not until the
night of the fight, when they will be
peddled out at the Pavilion box-office.
Taking it for granted that only half of the
seating capacity will be sold, this will I
bring in an additional revenue of over ,
$3000, bringing the receipts up to about j
$16,000, half of which, win or lose, must go
to James J. Corbett before he enters the
ring.
It is evident from this that there is
something in the name of champion.
On the other hand, Sharkey, the bold
sailor lad, will pet less money than Cor- |
bett, but he is being civ n an opportunity !
to make a record for himself that may be !
worth thousands of dollars to him, if he j
can make a good showing.
Should he manage to remain in the con- j
test during the four rounds without being
knocked out his pay will amount to some- j
thing like $3000, and even it he is knocked
out he will get nearly $ISOO, a rather hand
some amount for a man who has been
working for Uncle Sam ior many years at
the munificent salary of $20 a month.
The interest in the coming contest is far
from being purely local. The various
press associations are already making ar
rangements for private wires to run from
the Pavilion directly East to their re
spective papers.
The Western Union, having the only
wire direct to the papers in this city, will [
not be permitted to sell the news to the
poolrooms. .-■■ •-
Delegations from all over the East are
arriving to witness the contest, and those
people who cannot get here before Wednes- |
day are wiring on to secure seats. Yester- |
day the National Athletic Club received
messages from Ogden, Portland, Denver,
Tucson, Tacoma, Seattle and Spokane lor
seating places.
In the meantime both Sbarkey and Cor
beit have reached the "pink of perfection."
In other words, they are now in as good
condition as they may ever hope to get.
They will continue with light work until
Tuesday night so as not to get stale, and
on Wednesday they will both take a well
deserved rest prior to the hard work they J
will have to face at night.
Corbett and Professor Smith defeated
James C. Nealon and Albert Hampton |
yesterday afternoon at handball, and sub- '
sequently Corbett and Hampton defeated !
Professor Smith and Nealon.
Tom O'Rourke, the manager of George
Dixon, the colored lad who holds the '
world's feather-weight championship, has i
wired from New York to Johnny Herget,
better known as "Young Mitchell," ask
ing him to arrange with bbarkey for a six
round go with Malier in the event of the
sailor staying out the four rounds with
Corbett.
♦
"BEWARE OF THE DOG."
Topic of Rev. Dr. Case's Prelude
on the Sharkey-Corbett Mill.
Rev. Dr. Case's prelude in Howard-street j
Methodist Church yesterday touched on the i
Sharkey-Corbett mill in the following j
style. The topic was, "Beware of the
Doe":
"The common warning, 'Beware of the
Dog,' is intended for those who are putting
themselves into places where they ought
not to go.
"The best plan to fret away from the dog
is to keep out of those places where the
dog is and where we hare no right to be.
"The Civic Federatioa is not made up of
a lot of idiots; they are men of sense and
discretion. Tbe abettors of the ring have
no idea that the Civic Federation is fool
ish enough to accept their invitation to
act as umpires in a slugging match, even
though softened down in name to a 'spar
ring exhibition.'
"Pugilism in all its forms is an unmiti
gated evil. There are necessary evils —
things not desirable in themselves, but en
dured lor the greatest good which may re
sult from tbem. But there is not one
single redeeming quality in the fisticuff,
of listic culture, so called. Sparring is
only the preparatory department of the
baser pugilism.
"Tbe gladiatorial shows of ancient Rome
appealed to the brutal iust-'ncts of men,
as did the bull-fights of Spain. Prize
fights, dog-fights and cock-rights all ap
peal to the same low and brutal instincts.
It has been well said that toe battle of
the ages is the struggle between tbe brute
and the angel in humanity.
"What was that great prize-right in
Jacksonville, Fla., two years ago but a
convention of brutes? It was called an
athletic exhibition, bui as described by
the reDorters it was but little short of
pandemonium itselr.
"One writer, looking over the crowd,
wrote to his pacer that if Superintendent
Byrnes' detectives had been on band with
kodaks they could have made a new
'rogues' gallery.'
"Another says that 'even the Pinkertons
were amazed at the herd of thugs, thieves,
pickpockets and sharps.'
"A third says: 'The crowd sat with
open mouths and glaring eyes.'
"The champion brute is said to have
stood over his victim 'like a lion over nis
prey'; and again, 'his smile had murder
m it.' And yet another said they glared
on each other 'like two tigers.' Still
another, impressed with the devilish
aspect of the scene, said that 'at one time
there was a huge roar of cheers and bitter
brimstone curses,' and of the fighters, that
they were 'gripped like boa constrictors,'
and later declares that tbe winning brute
was like an 'angry python,' while his an
tagonist 'grinned liice a demon.' One
■
writer declared that the beaten bully went
down like 'a slaughtered ox.'
"One writer has said that perhaps noth- j
ing more fully illustrates the infernal i
spirit of the whole affair than the state- !
ment of the fact that the pool of blood
which had oozed from the bruised and !
torn face of the beaten brute was all
sopped dry in a few moments by the hand
kerchiefs of the blood-thirsty and demon
possessed crowd, in their anxiety to have
some memento of the horrible occasion.
"No, gentlemen of the ring, the Civic
Federation is above your kind of business;
otherwise they would be infinitely below
their own. The papers announce one of
the champions for participation in a ball
game on Sunday, the 28th. We may ex- '
pect next to hear that the Civic Federation
nas been invited to send a committee to
decide whether he plays his game within :
the limits of the law. But it will be of no '
use. The honorable gentlemen of the 1
Federation 1 aye long since learned to j
'Beware of the dog.'."
~
YACHTS IN THE WIND.
The CaliforniA Club Regatta for the
'Wallace Trophy in Choppy
Water.
The California Yacht Club's anuual re- j
gatta for the Wallace trophy was held
yesterday on the bay. A stiff breeze was
blowing, which frequently compelled the
yachtsmen to take in sail and show their
skill in weather work. Eight yachts en- •
tered, but the Edna got in tirst after an ex- ;
citing contest. Following is the otticial j
time card:
TWO GAMES OF CRICKET
The Champion Alamedas Are !
Badly Beaten by the
Bohemians.
At Alameda the Pacifies Meet and
Defeat the Men of San
Jose With Ease.
The cricket contest between the cham
pion Alameda team and the Bohemians
played yesterday at Golden Gate excited |
considerable interest, as the unusually \
large attendance ot spectators attested. It I
did not, however, prove so interesting an I
event as was generally expected, for the |
Bohemians scored a most decisive victory j
by 76 runs and almost by an inning. This
result was almost wholly due to the superb
bowling by Billy Robertson, captain of the |
Bohemians. A glance at the analysis
given below will show what a great
achievement this was.
Going in first, the Bohemians, thanks
principally to Smith and Bowhill, com- !
piled tue by no moans formidable score of |
69. Their opponents followed but could j
do nothing against Robertson's deadly '
breakers and were finally dismissed tor j
half a century, Ward "alone attaining :
double figures.
The day being still young the Bohemians
went in again. Reynolds, Robertson and I
Martin all made creditable scores and the |
side added 85 runs to their first inning's j
total.
With 104 to make and about an hour and '
a half to do it in the visitors started their i
second essay. This time their fall was j
more rapid and heavy than ever. No one !
ever reached double hgures and tne whole ;
team was disposed of for a miserable 28 i
runs, leaving the Bohemians easy con- I
querors. Tne score:
ALAMEDAS— FIRST INKINQ.
C. Gardner c. Pollock b. Robertson .* 8
K. 8 .-MOmari 1. b. w. b Kobertson.. 0
K. Hood bu Martin b. Bober.soa 7
K.B. Hogae 1. b. w. b. Robertson 6 I
E. T. Uandall b Kobertson 0
F. S. Price b. Kobertson 0 • ■
H. Ward Jr. c Luc? b. Cookson 15 I
J. J. B. Peel b. Kobertson o :
H. Bird o. Robertson 1 !
H. Ward Sr. no: out 3
C- Brace b. .Hober.son 5 I
Extras , 6 i
Total 50
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Kuns. Maidens. Wickets.
Kobertson 63 21 li 9
Cookson 48 'J4 0 1
BOHEKIAMS— FIRST INNING.
Dr. Bowhi 1 b. Ward Jr  11
S. B. Martin c. Ward >r. b. Ward Jr 4
A. K. Reynolds run oat O I
W. Kobertsoa b. Ward Jr 4 I
V. P. Irwm c. Ward b. Ward Jr. , 5 ,
G. Simpson b. Hoinun 0 ;
E. A. L- Smith 1. b. w. b. Sloman i** j
F. E. Holder b. Ward Jr $■
W. Reeves c M o<>d b. Sitmiaa 0
A. \V. Lucg not out 6
H. H. Looksonc. Bragg b. S!oman...._ O I
Extras 9 {
Total 69 J
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bulls. Kuns. Maidens. Wickets. ■
WardJr 72 21 4 5
Sloman S3 38 1 4
Peel 6 10 0
BOHEMIANS— INNING.
Smith b. Sloman 5 I
BowhlU b. Moman 6 |
Reynolds b. Sloman 24
Irwin c. Bird b. Ward 6 ;
Robertson c. Bird b. -loman 24 '
Martin st. Price b. Sloman 13 !
Simpson c. Hood b. oiom&a , a '
Holder b. Peel 0 ,
Beeves c.Ward Jr. b. Peel o ■
Lngg c. Randa 1 b. Sionmn ;. 0 j
CooKsoa not out 3 j
Extras 3 j
Total • 8J I
BOWLIN9 ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
WardJr 48 29 0 1
Peel 36 11 1. j
Sloman 82 42 3 7
NEW TO-DAT.
j SIGNATURE £*§£> ?
I oC^^T'^^ is now $
) printed in ?
| BLUE, diagonally I
> across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of c
J The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- #
f tection against all imitations. 0
| Agents for the United State,. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. •
j "ONE YEAR BORROWS ANOTHER YEAR'S FOOL
YOU DIDN'T USE T^U
SAPOLIO
LAST YEAR. PERHAPS YOU WILL NOT THIS YEAR.
A.AMKDAB-SKCOND INNING.
Hood b. Robertson 1
Hogne I>. Kotrrtson '. j>
Randall c Kobeitson b. Cookson O
i-ilomati b. Bom.Mil °
Ward .Sr. c. Hilder b. Kobertson M
Price st. Martin I>. liobensou O
Bird c. lMgn b. Robertson 6
Wart St. c. Mo:tin b. Kobertson O
Peel not out...i • *
Bra£g c. and b. fcobe-tMjn «
Gardner absent!.. "
Extras • l
Total ■ Vp 28
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bats, fiuns. Maidens. Wickets.
Cookson 30, 19 -1 1
Kobertson 36 8 >: l °
At Alameda the Pacific and San Jose
clubs met in an unofficial match and en
joyed a friendly tussle, which resulted in
a win for tne home team by 39 runs.
The batting achievements of Mutch,
Myers and G. Theobald of the Pacifies and
of S. Mayo and Falcon of the San Joses
constituted the feature of the game. Cas
idy and Bowiey did very creditable bowl
ing for their respective teams. Only one
inning was played, the scores of which
were as follows:
SAN" JOSES.
S. Mayo st. Myers b. Harbour 13
L. HelsDy b. siharland '
I). Bowiey c. afield b. Casldy *
F. Mayo st. -Myers b. Casiiiy -
A. Othero b.Ca»idy "
R. Falcon b. Hill *«
E. H. Hay b. Casldy i
K. Dunciible c. Myers b. C'asidy •»
J. 'Woodland not out *•
U. A. Grahamec. Delafleld b. C'asidy. 1
F.Crolt b. Casidy *
Extras • »
Total •••• ti2
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Harlow *5 5 2 1
Casidy 85 28 4 ;
Kharland 10 1 J
Hill 35 10 2 1
pacwics. -
George Theobald c. and b. Bowley 1*
G. B. Wise b. Bonify *
John Myers b. Falcon 17
K. Shurland b. Bowley «
K. A. Mutch c Day b. Mayo 27
H.C. C&stdyC Mayo b. Bowler 7
J. H. Harbour b. Bowley O
T. J. A. Tiedernann not out 8
C. li. Hill b. Bowl t-y 0
K. If. Mcsaon b. How-icy 9
K. H. Delafifcld not out 1
Extras 1-*
Total 101
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balis. Kuns. Maidens. Wickets.
Bowiey 138 47 « 7
lielsby 4V! 9 3 0
F. Mayo 4£ 9 2 0
iVMiivo 54 16 3 1
K. Falcon. 36 6 9 1
« — • — •-
MORSE SUPPORTS BROWN
The Ex-Pastor Will Continue to
Preach at Golden Gate
Hall.
Deacon Morse's new church, with the
unfrocked Brown as pastor, is an assured
institution. At the weekly prayer-meet
ing of the dissenting members of the old
First Church, held at Golden Gate Hall
Wednesday night, it was determined to
maintain "regular preaching, Sunday
school.Christian Endeavor and Wednesday
evening services under the direction of
Rev. Charles O. Brown, D.D." All this
happened, however, after the regular
prayer-meeting exercises.
There were exactly 110 people—twenty
two men and boys and eighty-eight women
and children— in Golden Gate Hall Friday
night when Dr. Brown announced the first
hymn and Deacons Dexter Morse and
Dewing and Secretary Christensen of the
First Church were among the number.
When all these formalities had been
gone through with. Deacon Morse made a
few remarks about the movement. He
told his hearers that Golden Gate Hail
was an ideal spot for a church. Morse
ended by giving a few figures on the cost
of conducting a church in Golden Gate
Hall and in keeping open tne doors of the
First Congregational Church. He hoped
that everybody would appreciate the dif
ference and lend their support accord
ingly. :.-. _ . :.
jf Dr. Brown claimed that he had taken no
part in the movement and was surprised
at the turn affairs had taken.
"I had all my things packed ready to
be shipped East,'' be said, "when my
friends got between me and the train, and
here 1 am. I have never asked a person
to attend these meetings [here Brown
appealed to those present] and if I stay
here ten years I never will."
In this manner has Golden Gate Hall
Church, with C. O. Brown as pastor, been
launched. By private subscriptions and
public contributions the leaders in the
movement hope to keep the institution
alive. After the regular meeting several
ladies met in an ante-room for the pur
pose of forming a choir. James Hamilton
Howe will be the leader, and be proposes
to furnish all kinds of music at a cost not
to exceed $500 per annum.
Dr. Brown preached two sermons yes
terday in Golden Gate Hall, his theme in
the evening being "The Hour and tne
Man." Miss Mattie Overman, who re
cently returned from the southern part of
the State, was not present on either occa
sion. It is rumored that she has gone to
Sacramento.
• — ♦ »
A Karity Among Penaionera.
The officials of tne Pension Bureau at
Washington were so shocked a short time
ago because Pamuel Fetter?, a prominent
resident oi t'razer. Pa., refused to accept
the pension money sent him that they
doubted the sanity of the man aud sent an
agtnt to investigate his case, with the
result that his name has been dropped
from the rolls. His case was the second
which has been met with in the history of
the department. Fetters, while in "the
army, contracted a disease which for
several years was thought to be chronic,
and under that impression he received a
liberal pension. Recently, however, he
recovered and orcered the pension
stopped, but the money still came. Then
he sent the cash back* refusing to accept
it, and the agent was sent to investigate
his strange conduct.— Philadelphia North
American.BASEBALL FOR
A MAN'S LIFE,
Exciting Game Between
the Pacifies and Im
perials.
WONDERFUL TEAM WORK
Ten Innings Required to Deter
mine Which Was the
Better Club.
GOOD FORM OF BOTH SIDES.
Kelly and McCarthy, the Opposing
Pitchers, Keep the Hits Well
Scattered.
The game at Presidio Athletic Park yes
terday afternoon was the best exhibition
of ball playing seen in San Francisco for
years, and equal in every respect to any to
be witnessed anywhere. Manager Rock
well is to be congratulated on the talent he
has secured, and deserves the success that
is meeting his efforts.
The Imperials, who crossed bats with
the Pacifies yesterday, were no more like
the Imperials of last Sunday than day is
like night. Although they presented sub
stantially the same players, the result of
practice in team work was very much in
evidence. Kelly, too, was an improve
ment over Monet and held the heavy-hit
ting Pacifies down in great style at critical
periods in tne game.
McCarthy was als:> very effective, but in
the tenth inning he let up for a moment,
and the opposing batsmen seized the op
portunity and hammered out two corking
singles and a sacrifice, which brought in
the winning run.
As the teams were made up yesterday
they were very evenly matched. Each
made nine sa;e hits, and up to the tenth
inning the score was tieu. Wilds of the
Pacitics made four errors, but all of them
were attempts to get difficult foul fliesand
were more chargeable to his ambition than
to poor playing. Tne Imperials mace nine
errors all told, but only one of them proved
costly, their smart fielding recovering any
advantages fumble or wild throw might
have loot.
Nealon of the Pacifies carried off the
batiin.- honors, he making four singles
out of five times at bat. Bliss of the Im
perials pressed him closely witn three hits
out of a possible five. Of the others Mul
ler made a single and a three-bagger and
Kelly and Brodie two singles each.
In the field Kelly and McCarthy were
wonderfully effective, the two pitchers
}i iing up a totai of thirteen assists while
McCarthy struck out no less than thirteen
of the opposing batsmen and Kelly six.
Although the Pacitics landed on the ball
mure frequently than the Imperials the
Bharp tieiding of the latter equalized mat
ters.
The Imperials started the run getting
in the first inning. After two men were
out, Bliss was eiven a life by Grinnell's
error and tcored on singles by Green and
H •lie. Th.,- Pacifies tied the score in the
fourth on singles by Nealon and Muller,
a wild pitch and McDermott's out.
Kelly scored another for the Imperials
in the sixth. He hit safely, went to third
on Bliss' single and scored on the throw
in of Bodies long fly to right. In the
seventh each side added one to their score.
Beckett tallied for the Pacifies on an error
by Lrowley, Grinnell's single and Wilds'
out, while Loughren got around on his
hit, a stolen base and Bliss' second safe
one.
When the Pacifies tied the score in the
ninth there was enthusiasm. Nealon
was the first man up and dropped a safe
one in t c right field. Muller followed
w.th a triple to left center ai.d Neuion
scored. It looked like the Pacifies' game,
with a man on third ani no oue retired,
but Keily struck the next man out and
the next two died gracefully on short hits
to the infield.
The Imperials went out in one, two,
three order in their half of the ninth, as
did the Pacifies, in the first half of the
tenth.
Then the fun began. Kelly lined the
fir>t bail pitched right over Wilds' head, !
took second on Bliss' hit to center and j
both advanced a base on Grinneli's fumble.:
of Strei's return. Then Green made a :
scratch hit that would have ordinarily !
been an out, but the ball was returned to
the fiate. It got there too late, however,
to head off Kelly and the Imperials scored
the winning run with no one out.
The result of the jrarue was in tne nature
of a surprise, as the Pacifies were thought
to be much tbe better club. As the out
come proved, however, the Imperials were
their equals in every respect and steadier
at tne critical points.
< bampion James J. Corbett will play
first base for the Pacifies next Sunday and
a big crowd is expected to be pre:-ent at
the Presidio Park to witness his efforts.
Following is the official score:
iMi'KBIALS. A.B. R. 18. 6.8. P.O. A. K.
Horn 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Item p 5 2 2 117 1
Rllss, Ist D t, 1 3 1 14 2 1
Green. C 5 0 10 8 4 0
3db402 0 2 2 1
• r, 2d b 4 0 0 0 12 2
Kusseil.cf 4 0 0 0 0 0 2
,s. g 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
I.ougliieu, r. f 4 1110 0 1
Totals 38 4 9 3 30 18 9
I'ACrriCS. A.B. B. 18. 8.8. r.O. A. X.
B'-ckHti. 2d b 4 1 1 2 1 2 O
(irn nell, s. s 4 0 10 0 3 1
Wilds, lstb 4 0 1 2 12 0 4
.fSOO 0 1 0 0
Nealon, r. f. 5 2 4 0 10 0
Mailer, 1. t 5 0 2 1 1 0 0
McLierniO t, 84 b... 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bammoad.c 3 0 0 0 11 3 0
McCarthy, p 3 0 0 0 0 6 1
Totals 38 3 9 5 27 14 6
SCORV BY INNINGS.
..la 10 0 0 0 110 0 1-4
■ 0 0 0 1 U 0 1 0 1 o—3
Karoed nut- Pacifies 1, Imperials 1. Three
laller. Uus<' on oalls— "ir McCarthy 1,
OH Kelly 1. Hit by p:trliei! ball— GrinneM. Btruck
'jut is. .McCarthy 13. by Keay 6. Pa«sed balls—
, rxi ], f»rt-,?n 1. Wild pitch— -McCarthy 1.
! u.pln - ' i.i^llS.
THE CALIFORNIA LEAGUE.
Everything Ready for Its Opening
Game Next Sunday.
The final arrangements for tbe opening
by the California Baseball League are com
pleted, and when the umpire says "Play
ball next Sunday there will be a good
crowd present at Sixteenth and Folsom.
The opening game will be between the
Oak lands ar-d San Franciscos. These
teams have a collection of stars whose
faces are very familiar to the old-time
"rooter," and when they take their places
the crowd will eive them a great ovation.
Bill Brown of New York and Boston fame
will play third base for Oakland. Rube
Levy, Pete Sweeney and "'Pop" Swett will
play with San Francisco.
Stockton will present Hapeman, the
pitcher who made such a success with
Sacramento when they were represented
In tbe old California League. In all proD
abiliiy Sacramento will be represented in
the m w league.
A. S. Blake was in Sacramento last week
arranging for the formation of a glub and
a prorier location for a new baseball park.
Ab it is now only four clubs will be repre
sented. Sacramento may be admitted
later.
At San Jose everything is completed for
the opening on the 28th inst, when Stock
ton will try conclusions with the local
club.
Following is the make-up of the teams
which will play here next Sunday:
San Francisco— P. Sweeney third base,
Smith first base, Peters catcher. King
short stop, Ed Smith second base, R. Levy
left field, J. Ehen center field, M. Murphy
right field, Cooney and Iburg pitchers.
Oakland — Scott catcher, Kelley and
Russell pitchers, Leonard first base, Ar
lett short stop, Tilson second base, Bill
Brown third base, Zans left field, Delmas
center field, Agnews right field, Davis
catcher.
ROBBED BY HIS GUIDE.
John Burns, a Countryman, Hai an Odd
Experience in the Chinese
Quarter.
John Burns, a shining example of the
unsophisticated countryman, was robbed
by his guide in Chinatown Saturday night.
Burns, on his ajrival in the City, had a
thirst for the novelties of the shady
side of social life, and in order that
nothing should be missed in that di
rection he sought and found John
Rock, a Chinatown guide, whose station is
at California and Dupont streets. Burns and
his guide had first maae the inner man
happy by partaking 'of a French dinner.
From there Chinatown was visited, and an
inbulgence in Mongolian brew made the
stranger happy.
In this pleasant mood he confided in
Rock the secret of his having $500 on his
person, ana as he was well satisfied with
what he saw of the moon-eyed people he
suggested that he preferred going to a
hotel, where he could sleep and rest.
Rock put him to bed in a Japanese re
sort on St. Mary's street, and in the course
of a half hour returned and entered the
room, where he supposed his friend
would be asleep. On his visit to the room
he helped himself to $45 which he found
in the man's pantaloons pocket, and was
about to make his escape when Burns gave
the alarm, which resulted in Ollicer (lark
placing Kock under arrest, charging him
with petty larceny.
The stolen money was found in the
prisoner's shoe, where he thrust it in his
flight.
RIFLE AT SHELL MOUND.
It Was an Off Day, but a Num
ber of Good Scores Were
Made.
The Red Men Shooting Section's
Monthly Medal Contest— Many
Military Marksmen
It was an off day at the Shell Mound
shooting-range yesterday, but those who
were there had an excellent day's sport,
lor the light was never better. There was
a lively contest for class medals by the
Red Men's Shooting Section, and the
markers on two targets were kept busy all
day. The medal-winners and their scores
were as follows:
Championship class medal, W. Kreutzkamm,
369 rings; first class medal, H. Bach, 351; sec
ond clan medal, P. H. Will, 244; third class
meda!, E. Goebel, 257; fourth ciass medal, 11.
Griob, 247; fir-t best shot melal, EL Bach, 20;
last best shot medal, John Zimmermann, 23.
The regular monthly shoot for medals
by Company A of the Fifth drew out a
good representation and the annexed
scores were made:
F. Poulter 46, Captain Poulter 41, J. Taite
40, C. Puckeit 41, G. Pncketl 44, W. P. Mc-
Oormac42, Lieutenant Vaughn 3S. J. \V. Peck
37, MMgiil 41, Littiefleld 36. X Peterson 34,
Bodwell 37, Stuwart 38. J. T. Gresaiore 27,
Lynch 23, Lieutenant Hunt 36, A. Jahnipan
'.i'-*. V. A. Briat3-T. W. Slack 27. Brown 34, F.
i Moore 31, L. Petrie 8. Brvan 24, L. F. Letch
j 22, E. G. Leech 34. J. M. Deeds 34, M. H. Hoppa
22, F. W. Heinbold 18, W. A. Hughes 2"j. Learn
33, Littler 33, Farmau 29, L. A. Hughes 15,
Bergner 31.
Several new members have recently
joined the KnigLts of the Red Branch
Rifles, and these, with a number of the
old hands, went to the range to practice
with the military musket. The scores
were:
J. Tracer 43, D. Russell 39, D. KiUeen 38. D.
J. Murphy 27, If. O'Neill 26, P. J. Marnn 15,
Corporal J. J. Rogersou 41, Sergeant Gaul 39,
D. S. McCarthy 23, J. D. Lou?hery29, S O'Con
nel 15. Richard Corbeu 36, James Koger:-on
39, John Fay 37, T. Whit- 16. I. McKeon 32,
J. Murphy 24, P. Gaul 16, T. Semun 18, P. J.
Halligan 15, J. F. McArdle 18, M. J. Fay 14,
Sergeant J. Smith 41, P. J. Sullivan 26, P. J.
Hugan 37.
On Saturday last Company F of Oakland
went to the Siiell Mound range, and the
annexed scores were made :
■gThTScou 27, Conalt 43, Kennedy 43, Ben
■nett 30, A. D. Wilson 31, Bird 19
feu. Ho-.vlaud 34, Adams 30, Baxley 27, W. K.
Ifi'.ateiy 31, Body 3"), Brny 30, Bremis 24, Car
liif v 38. Crestoffsen 31, Dariirig 43, C P. Griffin
■28i A. F. Hanson 37, G. C. Hanson 32, llanord
I 30, Harbridge 30, Harwege 4, Johnson :;->.
I King 38. Balister 24, Miller 38, Mitchell 24,
Monroe 20. Morse 35, Mutch 34, Muckinson
24. F. Parsons 30, Peterson 30, Preston 32,
Rowe 36, Schultz 23, C. W. Scott 24, Smith 13.
Stocking 42. Swanson 33, Tichnor 28, Terrell
30. Under 25, Welle 35, F. Wilson 36, W. J.
Wilson 38, Barker 30, W. B. Griffin 32, Waters
16.
WITH THE TRAP-SHOOTERS
A Lively Day Breaking Blue
Rocks at Alameda
Point.
Trombone of the Reliance and Nau«
man of the Lincoln Clubs Make
Good Rt cords.
The trap-shooters were out in full force
in Alameda County yesterday, and at all
of the grounds there was a large attend
ance of spectators and friends of those
who delight in breaking bluerocks. At
the Lincoln Gun Club's grounds the at
tendance was unusually large. The prin
cipal event was a twenty-five-bird match,
known traps, unknown angles. Several
of the members shot off iheir back scores
as seen by the annexed record :
Naumann 24, Daniels 23, Karney 22, Fifhcr
22, Kug. Forster 2'Z. Wenzui 21, Fiickiiißcr 20,
Potter 20, Mordock 'JO, HniKiit 19, Webb 1!),
Robertson 19, .-huu 18, Crowell 17, Whitney
17, E. Klevesahl 17, ci ft rk 16, Bruns lti, Syl
vester 1«, Schen !<1 l.'j, Gate 16, PHicheli IS,
Eat;. Porster 13, Alderton 13, Ostranaer 13,
Brownlie 10, Mergnire 10, Andrus 10, < La
brough 9, Fredrick* 9. Josweeki 7, HaiK'it 2'J.
Flickinger 21, Cate 20, Daniels 20, Andrufi Jit,
Nuii man 20, Webb 20, Crowell 17, Crowell 14,
Schendel 14, Ostrander 10.
The Reliance Gun Club's regular shoot
took place yesterday at Alameda Point.
The attendance was large and all of the
matches were very intero-ting. One of
the special features of the day was the
performance of Trombone, who broke 114
ijlue rocks out of a possible 120. The first
event was a 10-bird match, in wnich the
following scores were made:
Robbins 8, Tromboue 10, Umphred 4, Fair
child 2, Reed 3, Williams 7, Tillison 4, Olseu «i.
Wanning 8, Norcumentß, Coffin 9, Vurney 9,
Thomas 3, Young 8, Knight 3, McClure 4,
Gemenbnck6, Lake 8, Tubbs 7, Huntley 7.
Overman 5, Riley 9, Webber 9.
The second event was the club's medal
match, thirty bluerocks, and the annexed
breaks were made:
Coffin 22, Kellogg 19, Tubbs 19, Trombone
29, F. Gross 15, VarneT -jo, Klelnenbrolch 9,
Huntley 27, L'mphred 22, Lake 23, Young 17,
Williunih 19. Fauubild 9, Olaea 14, Hursey 24,
Woodwnrd 16. Stewart 14, McClure 14, Over
man 19, Lovell 18, Reed 14, Tellerson 16,
Tboiiias 2, Winning 34, Arlett 20, JSustis 19.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
SHELLS EXPLODE
AT THE PRESIDIO,
High Angle Firing With
a Field Mor
tar.
HITS WITH SHRAPNELL
Infantry Companies Test the New
Krag-Jorgensen
Rifle.
THE FOKT CANBY BATTERIES.
The Troops From Benicia Now in
Camp on the Reser
vation.
The two batteries of the Fifth Artillery,
formerly stationed at Fort Can by, arrived
in San Francisco last Friday. Captain
Day's battery was assigned to quarters at
TROOPS FROM BEMCIA NOW IN CAMP AT THE PRESIDIO RESERVATION.
the Presidio and Captain Lomia's battery
was sent to Alcatraz Island. Two light
batteries of the Fifth are still away on
practice march.
The artillery practice at the Presidio this
month has been interesting and highly
instructive. Last Thursday General Gra
ham ordered tiring practice with a three
and-six-tenth-inch field mortar. Charged
shells were used. The common sheils, as
well as shrapnel were *ired at ranges of
1000 and 1500 yards. The mortar waa
placed on the hill near Fort Point. The
ground space target or zone of dispersion
was about half way between the firing point
and the Marine Hospital. Sentinels were
stationed on McDowell avenue and other
points io warn people from approaching
the spot. Observers were stationed safely
j outside the zone of depression of the bui
j ets from shrapnel or the fragments of
other shells, to note the results of the
practice.
Tlie target for the shrapnel consisted
of a platoon of dummy figures, each figure
representing the height and thickness of a
soldier. Sixteen hits were noted at a range
of 1500 yards. The shells- were exploded
in front and above the dummy platoon.
Shells were also thrown from the mortar
to explode behind imaginary breastworks.
The problem sought to be solved in this
practice was that of shellinc troops pro
tected from direct fire by formidable
works in front. T c result of the firing
was ascertained by a clock target. For
example, if the observer should note that
the shell exploded to the right of the
figure 3 on the dial, the gunners must un
derstand that a direct line of fire had not
been maintained. Tbe explosion of the
shell in the ground on the line of 12 or in
ttie air immediately above would indicate
no divergence fmm the direct line. The
results of the high-angle firing were grati
fying t<3"the officers.
" The result- attained by direct fire of the
eight-inch rifled gun.s" at the Presidio
equaled th© precision noted last week at
Alcairaz with guns of t^e same bore and
style.
The target in tbe bay was smashed sev
eral times at a rarue of 1500 yards.
General Graham expects to bring the
twelve-inch breech-loading rifles into prac
tice this week if the supply of powder
promised should be furnished. The big
riHi-s wiil send their projectiles out to sea
I a distance of five or six miles, and the hits
I wiil be noted by the column of water
thrown up where the projectile strikes.
Two companies of the First Infantry,
U. S. A., came down from Bonicia recently
and are now in camp on the Presidio Reser
vation. The tents are pitched near the
eastern line of the reservation, a few feet
north of the Union-etreet car tracks. The
infantrymen are practicing daily with ihe
new regulation rifle, known as the Krag-
Jorgensen. Firing began at a range of
200 yards. The distance has been gradually
increased to 1000 yards. This weapon is
new to the American soldier, but it was
adopted by a board of army officers after a
long series of competitive tests. The pene
trating power of the bullet at a long range
is sometning wonderful, but complaints
came from army posts in the East that
accuracy in firing was not always secured.
The results noted at the Presidio are very
favorable to tbe gun.
Orders from the headquarters of the
Department of California, under date of
.! ane LB, announce that Lieutenant Colonel
William Sinclair, Fifth Artillery, is as
signed to station at Alcatraz Island.
Dr. Edie, assistant surgeon, has been
assigned io duty ut the Presidio.
Contractor Murphy has established a
camp at the Presidio, and his graders are
i at work filling in the marsh between the
j main road leading to the wharf and the
! eastern boundary of the reservation.
At the office of Colonel Kirn ball, the
I chic! quartermaster of the department,
; bids will be received to-morrow for tun
neling the Presidio hill and sinking drive
wolls.
Bids for the two new double brick bar
racks, for wuich an authorization to ex
pend $75,000 was recently made, will be
opened July 9.
General Forsyth, the department com
mander, is with the troops in tbe Sierra.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
I'olit irian* Are Strengthening; Their
Muscles Preparatory to the Ap
proach ing Campaign.
The handball courts had more than the
usual number of spectators yesterday, and
they witnessed some of the most closely
contested games ever played on the coast.
At the San Francisco court Phil Ryan, the
proprietor, made a record. He playid
with varying success for over four hours
without a break against different competi
tors, and was as fresh at the end as he was
at the start. The principal evont; was a
game between J. Riordan, the coast chain
pion, and Al Hampton of the Olympic
Club and J. Jtlarlow, the ex-champion, and
his old-time partner, J. Lawless, it was a
rattling game, and the final was won by
Riordan and Hampton by only two aces.
The Union court was crowded by friends
of W. McManus, the proprietor as it
was announced to be the last exhibition
under his management. Players were
present from the judiciary and well known
in political circles, beside several of the
cleverest exponents of the game. "King"
McManus, Dan Crowley, Judge Campbell,
Tom O'Brien, J. M. Browning, B. Conlan,
Tom Maher, Frank Land and others had
not tossed a ball for a long time, but they
showed they had not forgotten t*he art.
The principal attraction was a game be
tween T. F. Bonnet and J. C. Nealon and
P. T. Donnelly, the amataur champion,
and M. J. Kilfallon, the two former win
ning after a splendid contest.
Following were tue games played in the
courts:
San Francisco court— P. Ryan and T. Ryan
defeated R. Shea and W. Manning, 21—15,
17—21,21—20. R. Shea and W. Manning de
feated P. Ryan and T. Ryan, 21—16. 18—21,
21—17. Dan Rodgors and P. Ryan defeated
G. McDonald and W. Manning, 21—14. 17—21,
21—18. J. Collins and W. Stansbury defeated
M. Edwards and R. MurDhy, 21—14, 17—21,
21—20. J. Brown and W. Darius defeated G.
Ward and P. Barry, 21—13, 15—21,21—19.
P. Kelly and J. Kearney were defeated by
George Hutchinson and D. Connell, 21—12,
15—21,21—19. J. Riordan, coast champion,
and Ed Hampton defeated J. Harlow and J.
Lawie>s, 21—16, 15—21, 21—18, 19—21,
21—19.
Union court— H. Botzner and J. McGovern
defeated Terry McManus and Professor Lynch,
21—18, 17—21, 21—14. Frank Land and Ser
geant Murphy of the Presidio defeated J. Nel
son and Frank Smith, 19— 21, 21— 12, 21— 18.
"King" McManus and J. M. Browning defeated
Tom Mnher and Dan Crowley, 21— 11, 18—21,
21—1(5, 19—21, 21—9. Judge Campbell and T.
B. O'Brien defeated \v. McManus and B. Con
lan, 14—21, 21—17, 21—20. T. F. Bonnet and
J. C. Nealon defeated P. T. Donnelly and M. J.
Ki. gallon, 21—16, 18—21, 21— 1.9, 15—21,
21-18. _
Died on the Street.
Valentine Scawartz, recently employed at
the Philadelphia Brewery, dropped dead on
the street at Second and Folsom streets yester
day forenoon^
A FREE CONCERT HALL
Pastor W. L. Birch's Novel
Suggestion at Calvary
Church.
How Fashionable Society Ladies Can
Amrjse and Benefit Poor
Workingmen.
A somewhat startling suggestion was
made last evening from the pulpit of
Calvary Presbyterian Church by the Rev.
Dr. Hemphill's substitute, Pastor W. L.
Birch.
It was, in a word, a recommendation for
the establishment in borne suitable local
ity in this City of a free concert hall for
the entertainment and moral benefit of
poor men who are now. for lack of some
thing better, often compelled to t:o to the
cheap places of amusement where liquors
are soid and the society is demoralizing.
Taking "Practical Religion" for his
topic the pastor said in his discourse:
"There are thousands of poor, yet de
serving, men in this City who would be
glad to have a decent place where they
could go at night, smoke, hear music, talk
to their mates and drink a social cup of
coffe ■■. The majority of the men now
lounge about the streets until time to turn
into bed in a comfortless room. They
seldom have an all-over bath and their
food is far from the best. 'Tis no wonder,
then, tiiat these men long for the drunken
feeling which bad spirits or doctored beer
give them and that some of them wear a
famished look.
"Why are the churches closed during
the week evenings? Cannot free concerts,
free lectures and free dramatic perform
ances be given in the schoolrooms?"
Then the pastor concluded with suggest
ing the establishment of a "People's
Club" in a music hall, sufficiently large to
accommodate several thousands, with
smoking-rooms, billiard-rooms, gymna
siums, baths, etc. The hall should be
beautifully lighted and the coffee could be
served by society matrons and young
ladies.
THE ABSENT TEACHERS.
Protest Against Deduction in
in Their Salaries When
Sick.
A Subject for the Special Considers
tion of tlie Directors
Tc-Night.
At a special meeting of the Board of
Education to be held to-night revision of
the rules will be the chief topic of consid
eration. Director Knox is chairman of
the committee, and he, together with
Secretary Beanston, has been doing a
great deal of work recently in the way of
reading over ti.e rules and considering
them, so BS to be abie to act intelligently
upon any proposed changes.
There will be numerous literal and more
or less trivial amendments oi a iecunical
character adopted it is thought, but there
h.is been only one change suggested which
is of any general interest to the teachers.
When a teacher now is sick and conse
quently absent from duty a day, or even
an hour, he or she has a corresponding de
duction made in his or her monthly salary.
The teachers think this is unjust and
have petitioned the committee to intro
duce an amendment to the objectionable
rule.
While nothing has as yet been formally
decided it is believed that some change
will be made favorable to teacners so that
when sick and absent for a day or two
there will be no deduction, provided, of
course, that sickness be the cause of their
absence, and that when absent for a week
or two from the same cause only half of
their pay will be deducted.
St. Braid's Cadeis' Picnic.
The picnic to be Kiven to-morrow at
Schuetzen Parlt by Company G, League of the
Cross Cadets of St. Brlgid's parish, promises to
be avery enjoyable one. An excellent pro
gramme nas oeen prepared, ana mere will
be good music.
SCHOOLHOUSES
IN A SAD STATE,
Many of Them Have Not
Been Repainted in
Years.
FAST GOING TO DECAY.
Desire of the Board of Education
to Make Extensive
Repairs.
PUPILS' LIVES IX DANGER.
A Warning hy the Board of Health.
The School Directors in
a Quandary.
The necessity for a sound system of san
itation in the City's public schools is gen
erally recognized.
Dr. Lov.lace, the Health Officer, Di-
rector Henderson, chairman of the Build
ing and Grounds Committee and Inspector
of Buildings Kincaid, after a careful and
thorough examination, have decided that
in a score or more of the overcrowded pri
mary, grammar and high schools the
woolen vaults must be removed and sup
planted by modern sanitary devices, which
will not breed zymotic diseases and be a
menace to the health and life of teachers
ana pupils and incidentally to the general
community.
To make those nrgently-needed altera
ations will cost a considerable sum of
money, about $_'500 for each school. The
schoolhouses alluded to are the Broadway,
Clement, Franklin, Hamilton, Horace
Mann, South Cosmopolitan and Washing
ton Grammar, the Lowell Higd and tbe
Fainnount, Garfield, Golden Gate. Haight,
Hawthorne, Humboldt, Irving, Jefferson,
Lafayette, Sheridan, South San Francisco,
Stanford and Starr King Primary. In
deed, so bad is their sanitary condition
that the Board of Education has been
warned by the Board of Health that if the
alterations advised are not speedily made,
the schools will be condemned as a nui
sance to tbe public health and be closed
indefinitely.
An appropriation of 11,500,000 is asked
by the Beard of Education irom the Board
of Supervisors for '.he ensuing fiscal year,
and of this sum it is purposed to expend
$lB">,000 for repairs to buildings. All the
school-huses are more or less in need of
painting and whitening and the yards of
replanking.
"Some of the buildings," said Inspector
Kincaid yesterday, "have not had a fresh
coat of paint r>ut on them in fifteen years.
Last year we did not paint a sirmle school
house nor whiten a single classroom. The
wood in consequence has decayed, the
floors are virtually worn out and the
screws won't hold down the desks. The
shingles are dropping off tbe roofs, the
fence posts are rotten and the fencps are
tumbling down. The planking of the
schoolyards is in such a decayed condition
and so full of holes as to be dangerous to
the lives and limbs of the children, and
something in the way of improvement
must be done immediately or the conse
quences will be terrible.
"The schools most urgently in need of
painting and of whitening of their interior
walls are: The Broadway Grammar, the
Everett, tiie Hamilton, the Hearst, the
Horace Mann, the John Swett, the Lin
coln, the South Cosmopolitan, tne Spring
Valley, the Buena Vista Primary, the
Cleveland, tbe Cooper, the Edison, the
Fair-mount, the Fremont, the Garlield, the
Golden Gate, the Haight, the Hawthorne,
the Henry Durrant, the Humboldt, the
Irving, the Jefferson, the Lafayette, the
LeConte, the Laguna Honda, the Long
lellow, the Madison, the Moulder, the
Ocean House, the Redding, the Richmond,
the Sherman, the South San Francisco,
the Stanford, the Sutro, the West End, the
Denman and tbe Wintield Scott. The esti
mated cost is $16,000.
ReplanKing or bituminizinp of the yards
is required at the Polytechnic, the Broad
way, the Buena Vista, the Clement, the
Cleveland, the Crocker, the Emerson, the
Everett, the Fairmount, the Franklin, the
Golden Gate, the Haight, the Hamilton,
the Hawthorne, the Horace Mann, the
Irving, the Lafayette, the Le Conte, the
Lincoln, the Aluulder, the Mission, the
Ocean House, the Redding, the Rincon,
the Sheridan, the Sherman, the South
Cosmopolitan, the South Sun Francisco,
the Spring Valley, the Starr King, the
Washington, the Webster, tbe Whit tier
and the Wintield Scott, at an estimated
expense of $31,600.
"A hat and cloak room is also sadly
needed at the Broadway Grammar, an
othce for the principal on the lower floor
of the p]<lison Primary, window glass and
sash at the Franklin and Horac.: Mann
grammar, stairways at the Redding and
Stanford primary, so as to giveent unces
on both sides of these buildings and thus
do away with the necessity of passing
through the classrooms. Bulkheads are
needed at the Denman Grammar and the
Henry Duirant Primary, coalsheds and
sliding-doors at the Everett Grammar, etc.
"Last year the sum of $20,000 was all
that was expended upon repairs, conse
quenlly it is not to be wondered at that
to-day our schoolhouses are in such a
dilapidated condition. If the Supervisors
do not give us tne money, of course we
caunot make the alterations specified, but
if they do no time will be lost in making
them."
During vacation extra men will be put
on and every schoolhouse in the depart
ment will be visited and overhauled, 30 as
to be made habitable at the opening of the
term next August. Stoves and stove
i pipes will be cleaned and repaired, broken
| window-panes replacei. desks scraped,
sandpapered and varnished and leaky
i roofs patched.
The Alta Gun Club.
The regular weekly shoot of the AHa Gun
Club was held yesterday at the Seven-mile
House, the conditions being twenty-five blue
rocks, known traps, known angles. The fol
lowing breaks were made: J. J. Noonan 10,
J. F. Noonan 18, F. Walfert 17, C. Buss 20, B.
Schulken 9, L. Holden 14, J. Culi 22, K.
Dwyer 18, P. Dwyer 12, P. Sweeney 11, D.
Wilson 15.
» — ♦ • ■
AT THE THEATERS.
The Attractions That Are to Be Offered
at Places of Amusement This
Evening.
"The Squire of Dames" is an adaptation
from the French that is to be offered at the
Baldwin Theater this evening. John Drew
will appear in the principal role and will
be supported by Maud Adams.
At the California Theater the drawing
card will be "The Gray Mare," in which
Herbert Kelcy will appear as John Max
well, M.D. When produced by the Ly
ceum company here it was well received.
"Lord Chumley," as personated by
Frank Worthing, is to be the attrac
tion at the Columbia Theater this even
ing. This is a comedy that had a long
run in New York City and is said to be
very amusing.
"A Perilous Voyage" will be placed on
the boards of the Grand Opera-house this
evening. William L. Roberts, the leading
man, engaged for this production, will ap
pear as Lieutenant Desmond.
"A Trip to the Moon" is what the man
agement of the Tivoli Opera-house will
present to its audience tins evening. This
is adapted from Verne's story, and has
many striking situations.
Billy Van, one of the old-time minstrels,
is to appear at the Orp. cum Music Hall
this evening in conjunction with a large
number o! specialty artists, who will
create admiration and fun.
"The Crossroads of Life" is billed for
this evening at the Alcazar, with Edmund
K. Collier in the leading character.
"The Cruiskeen Lawn" is what is to be
offered at the Park Theater this evening.
The Park was formerly tlie Grove-street
Theater.
Nat C. Goodwin opens in the popular
play, "In Mizzoura," at the Macdonough
Theater, Oakland, this evening.
PIONEER ENDS HIS LIFE,
Augustin Schmitt Cuts Kis
Threat With a Butcher
Knife.
Illness Prompted Him to Commit the
Deed— He Came to This City
in Early Days.
Augustin Schmitt, a liquor Jdealer, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
cutting his throat with a butcher knife in
the private otfice of his establishment, 613
Montgomery street.
His body was found at 6 o'clock by his
son, Eugene Schmitt, who reported the
matter to Deputy Coroner O'Brien. The
body was then taken to an undertaking
establishment.
Schraitt had been afflicted with an in
curable stomach trouble for several years,
and in consequence at times he became
despondent.
Yesterday morning he went to his
saloon and sent his son home, telling him
that he must take a day oft. as he needed
rest. In the afternoon Mrs. Schmitt called
at the saloon, and finding it closed and
the ahutters drawn concluded that some
accident had befallen her husband. She
telephoned to her son and he hurried to
the saloon.
Having a key to the front door he en
tered, and, going back to the private office,
saw his father's body lying in a pool of
blood, which flowed from a fearful gash in
his throat. The young man conveyed the
fact of his father's death to the Coroner,
who took charge of the remains.
Considerable money lay on a counter
near the body, where it had been placed
by the suicide. The reason it had been
put there is explained in the following
letter, which was found when the body
was searched:
Eugene: When you find my body go to Mrs.
Byditig and Mrs. Hauor and inform them us to
what has happened. They can then Inform
your mother of the occurrence in a gentle way
and not shock her suddenly. Be careful of
your mother as you only have one mamma ; if
you lose her you have lost all. Your father,
Aug. Schmitt.
Please take the cash laying on the counter
home to mamma. S.
At the time of his death Schmitt was 61
years of ace. He was a native of Alsace-
Lorraine and came to San Francisco in
1851. He leave- a widow and three chil
dren, two boys and a girl, who reside at
1719 Buchanan street.
UP ON OLD TAMAPAIS,
The Camera Club Makes the
First Trip Over the
N-W Road.
On the invitation of . Director A. A.
Martin of the Mill Valley and Mount
Taroalpais Scenic Railroad fifty members
of the California Camera Club made the first
official trip yesterday over the new line.
The road has been completed a little over
a third of me distance up the mountain,
and the party leaving : on .the 9 o'clock
Sausalito boat, after numerous stop
pages on the railroad to allow^picturea to
be taken by the members of the club,
reached the 1600-foot level about noon
time, where lunch was taken.
H. B. Hosmer, secretary of the club,
said last evening: "We were honored in
being the first party over the road. The
ride is exhilaiating and the view magnifi
cent. 1 here was quite a haze off toward
San Fr:iiicir-co and the bay. so this pre
cluded taking any pictures with the telo
photic lens. We were permitted to stop
anywhere we chose, the train coming to a
standstill on the steepest grades. The
grade is wonderfully ste-p, yet no discom
fort whatever |is noticed in traveling.
Views were taken by every one, probably
altogether more than 200.
"It is the crookedest road in the United
States, I believe; it is nothing but turns.
The company claims that everything will
be completed by July 6, bat I doubt this.
The present engine that pulled us up the
incline weighs twenty tons. It has cogs
on the flat side of the wheel, so there is
no danger whatever of it slipping j with a
load of passengers. Another engine of
thirty tons weight will be put on the road.
"I think the road will be a great success
if they push it to Bolinas. |If this should
be done, though, it would hurt Mill Valley
a good deal. As it is, it mars the side of
Taraalpais and robs it of much of its
lormer beauty.
; "We left the summit about 2 o'clock and
stopped at. Marsh's Japanese villa on our
return. At the end of the line, before we
started, Professor I. E. Thayer and a few
others of the party climued to the sum
mit. They said the view was spoiled a
great deal by the haze that lay in the val
leys." _____ outfteJiW
When Baby was sick, we gave her Cast oria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them CastorUu
NEW TO-DAY.
We would be ashamed to
let vacation season slip by
without suggesting some-
thing to help you have a
good time.
What's better after a hard
day's fun than a night's
sleep on a good bed ?
Folding cots cost but little
— $1.75 or more (like pic-
ture $3).
HardwooJ frame; stronjr woven wire miutress.
Legs fold under: takes up but little room; light.
We'll pack and ,ship it if
you wish — no charge for
that.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings '
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
7- 123 Geary Street.
: .
THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS
IN TAN SHOES.
Ladies'- Tan Boots, Button or Lace, very
latest s:y!e needle toe, V-shape tip, a.l
sizes and widths, at : $2 18
Elsewhere $3.
i|) i 1 ill! /
Ladles* Tan Kid Southern Tie, with tan-
cloth top to match, needle toe. V-shape
tip, hand-turn sole, all sizes ana widths, at.sl 50
I Bill I < 1
• Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-shape tip, straight foxed.
Sizes 6 to 8..... 75c
Sizes 81* toll 950
Sizes Ili&to2. $1 15
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building. .
Country orders receive prompt attention.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.G(
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busa
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO.
.MONARCH .
v JIOVARCH CYCLE HMIFACTURISG CO., 1
■ 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. ,*.
iss CHAS. BROWN SOX, 807 Market, Ag"t. .*.
i 1$ C. F. SALOMO2TSON <fc CO., Twelfth and ■*•
j jy»J_ Franklin streets, Oakland, Agent- ■ .'.'
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds.
rpREASURKK'S OFFICE, CITY ANDCOCNTY
1 of San Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Dupont-street bonds issued under an
act of :hu state Legislature entitled, ''An act 10
aflthorize the widening of Dupoi't street. In ttia
I City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, 1876,
are hi re by notiiieil that the undersigned will re-
■ ceive sealed proposals for surrender of said
i bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at
| his office, in the New Cltv Hall. San Francisco,
I until I_' o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June SO,
189 U.
The amount to be applied to th? redemption of
said bonds Is about three hundred and seventy-live
thousand dollars ($375,000). Bidders will state
at what nve they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered. ,
Bids to be Indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." . A. C. W'IDBBK,
City and County Treasurer. .
T9 THE VERY a BKsT ONK TO KXAMISS
•1 your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eya-
glasses with ' ; instruments of Uia own Invention,
•whose superiority has not been equaled. - My »u> ,
mas has been due to lixu ui.-r. la Of uty wur*. i
• oilico Hours— la 10 r. <. ■- ■ ..■.-"■■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UBE DAMIANA BITTERS, THifl
O great Mexican Remedy; give* ttoailA j <uU i
toueugtu to tii* bexuai orii*u»
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor end Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily end Sunday Cam, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail...!". 1.60
VVttKLY Call, one year, by mail ♦• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation? If
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ean Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .j^ Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
BSO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
6:?.O o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lsruin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mma street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
f.ooms 81 »nd S2, 34 Park Row, New York Cit>
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
MONDAY ~ 3V^S 22, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. j
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBESIDISWT—
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
FOR VICK-rKESIDKXT-
GARRETI A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KM:CTION NOVEMBKi! 3, 1896.
Whitney has evidently got his oil barrel
0:1 top. _
This will be a vrorkingman's campaign,
for it means wapes.
So long as the lamp holds out to burn
the t-iiver bolters may return.
Democracy can apologize for the deficit
tariff, but it it cannot atone for it.
Bill McXinley and McKinley bill is a
goi '1 rule, for it works botli ways.
There was once a man named McNab,
but he has been lost in the shuine.
When you wisli the news read The Call
and you'll get it fair and get it all.
Nobody has yet suggested Free Trade
Wilson as a Presidential possibility.
The popular greeting among intelligent
men is, "I am for McKinley and so are
you."
It will be so hot at the Chicago Conven
tion there will be no ice there for anybody
to cut.
Since the nomination of MoKinley nearly
everybody has a consciousness of feeling
belter.
It wiil b» a lively campaign for Kepub-
J;cr.ns, bin the ot!:er side will find it
deathly.
The next time Senator Hiil says "I am a
Democrat," be will bs called on to define
himself.
Those Democrats who tried to read Dag
pett out of ttie party evidently did not
know how to read at all.
Democracy would confer a favor by re
iioininating Cleveland. The people would
like another lick at him.
The Kepublican party has ratified the
work at bt. Louis and the whole people
will ratify it on election day.
Fortunately we will have our Fourth of
July celebration before the Chicago con
vention disgraces the country.
Daggett has long been known as a boss
in the Democratic camp, but since the Sac
ramento convention he is the boss.
It will be a long time before the Demo
cratic party rids itself of the exhausting
parasites grafted on it by Cleveland.
From the way the Democratic leaders
begin to bob up and splutter in the soup
it is evident the stuff has begun to boil.
The thing which worries Buckley in his
retirement b the consciousness of his folly
in neglecting to cultivate the mint plant.
Business men may take their recreation
this summer with the assurance that Mc-
Kinley will be elected and the country is
safe.
After four years of Democratic depres
sion a vote for prosperity will be the moat
natural thing in the world for everybody
to give.
It looks as if the number of Presidential
tickets this year would be limited only by
the power of the press to print the names
of the electors.
We shall know who Daggett's most faith
ful henchmen are as soon as little Gould
names the members of the Democratic
State Committee.
Russell of Massachusetts has begun to
haul his boom in out of the wet and New
Enclaud will send delegates to Chicago to
look on and kick.
An appropriate present to Senator Tel
ler at this time would be a neatly bound
volume containing an account of the clos
ing years of Horace Greeley.
"You may mink I am the most can
tankerous ass in the world," says the
Democratic donkey, "but just look at
these fellows who are trying to lead me."
By nominating Teller the Democrats can
rid themselves of the dead weight of
Cleveiandism and free trade, and that will
count for something when the tidal wave
comes.
The best policy for free silver men at this
juncture is to unite with the protection
ists in establishing prosperity and thus
provide an open field for the settlement of
the money question in the Congressional
elections of 18198.
Bland, Boies, Matthews, Campbell,
Whitney, Russell, Patti.son, Blackburn,
Tiliman and Teller are all like/y to be pre
sented at Chicago as Presidential candi
dates, and perhaps the convention will
spht into factions enough to nominate
them all.
TELLER AND THE POPULISTS.
The address of Tanbeneck and other
Populist leaders advising the faithful
to pin their faiih to Senator Teller com
plicates the political situation somewhat
so far as a combine between the free-siiver
wing of the Democratic party and the
Populist t>arty is concerned. The leaders
of the silver wing of the Democratic party
have been counting upon the indorsement
of their National ticket by the Popuiist
convention, and there is no doubt at all
that Buch a combination has been favor
ably considered by such Populist leaders
as United States Senator Alien, chairman
of the National Committee; Taubeneck
and General "Weaver. It is pretty well
understood, too, that Boies and Bland
have been doing a good deal of still hunt
ing among Populists on their private ac
count, but ths introduction of Senator
Teller disturbs the cast of the whole play.
All wings of the Democratic party are
for the nearest possible approach to free
trade. So are the Populists who, how
ever, go further and advocate the appli
cation of the principles of paternalism
in the management of the Government.
They claim that it is the function of the
Nation to own and operate all railway and
telegraph lines and issue all money.
Moreover, they hold that it is the right of
every citizen to borrow money from the
Government at a mere nominal rate of in
terest. In short, the Omaha declaration
of principles means that the relation be
tween the Government and its citizens
should be substantially the same as that
between a father and His minor children,
only that the children must, as far as they
can, earn their own living.
Senator Teller abhors the paternal theory
of Government, and he regards high pro
tection as absolutely tssential to the pros
perity of the country. He expressly said
and wanted to be understood as meaning
in his speech before the St. Louis Conven
tion that he heartily indorsed every plank
of the platform save the one denying
silver to free and independent coinage
at the ratio of 10 to 1 ; therefore a com bina
tion between Silver Democrats, Populists
and Teller would De as incongruous and
inconsistent as could be imagined. Teller
has no use for the principles of the Democ
racy, nor has he even respect for the doc
trine as a wijole of the Populist party, but
if those parties would bide away tlieir
long and variegated list of political ab
surdities and come together upon a p'at
form of just one planli, that of the free
and unlimited coinage of silver, he could
not even then afford to be their can
didate for President, for however the
intensity of his affection for free silver
may have blinded Lira, Mr. Teller has too
much good left to suppose that the
great mass of Americans will make free
silver coinage instead of the tariff question
the paramount issue.
No one quest'ons Senator Teller's hon
esty and sincerity in advocating the doc
trine of silver coinage. Only the hone3t
man would withdraw from a party which
he Helped to found, and for whose success
he has faithiully labored for forty years,
and which held still further honors to be
stow upon him, because De believed it had
gone astray on just one issue. Such a
man is too honest to accept the nomina
tion of any party or combination of par
ties whose platform did not harmonize
with his own views on every economic and
monetary question. Under such circum
stances the Democratic pnrty or the Popu
list party, separate or combined, would in
suhfc a man like Mr. Teller were they to
ask him to become their standard bearer
until they had declared for every princi
ple of the St. Louis platform save the
single one of providing a monetary system
for the country. This neither party would
be willing to do, nor could either of them
without becoming an annex to the Repub
lican party. The ambition of the Demo
cratic party reaches onlj to the loaves and
fishes of cilice. The ambition of the Popu
list party is a paternal form of Govern
ment. Senator Teller hates such debased
and un-American ambition.
ENGLAND AND OUR PLATFORM.
It is too bad that England does not like
the tariff, ttie Monroe doctrine and the
foreign policy planks of the St. Louis
platform. But, then, England was not
consulted. Great Britain's approval was
not deemed at all necessary. The platform
in detail and as a whole is altogether a
declaration of American principles for
Americans. Naturally England would not
like the tariff plank. The people of
America are obliged to have manufactured
goods and wares of various kinds. Their
consumption of such articles is enormously
great. We used to manufacture them here
at home, but with March, 1893, came a
new order of things. Our factories and
mills were closed and our industrial op
eratives were sent into idleness, ana the
pleasure of supplying our needs was com
mitted to England. That is one of the
reasons why the ao-called "mother coun
try" is so very fond of Grover Cleveland.
But the Republican party is cf the
opinion that, havine all needed raw mate
rial at hand, we should give our skilled
and unskilled workingmen a chance to
live well and lay up .something for a rainy
day by starting up our own manufactur
ing establishments so that our people may
supply their wants with homespun fabrics
and other necessary industrial products.
As we do not need two sets of mills and
factories to satisfy the requirements of our
people, the idea of the tariff plank of the
St. Louis platform is to give our own
establishments the preference. That is
why England does not like that particular
plank.
But there is another reason why England
is not pleased with that plank. Under
Cleveland's alleged tariff act the country
is obliged to sell the best and safest Gov
ernment bonds in the world from time to
time, and British investors do not like to
have the flow of them stopped. Roths
child is particularly desirous that the regu
larity of their coming should not be inter
fered with, especially as the Treasury
Department Kindly lets him take them in
at $104 when their market value is $119.
The St. Louis tariff plank, wnen in opera
tion, will furnish revenue enough without
selling bonds.
Then there are those Monroe doctrine
and foreign policy planks. They will
throw so much dirt in Great Britain's
eyes that the old 'oully will not be able to
see Venezuela at all, much less seeing un
justly marked territory boundary lines.
So, altosether, England has no cause for
rejoicing, especially as the St. Louis plat
form is sure to be the policy of the Gov
ernment after next March.
A DEMOCRATIC PRONUNCIA
MENTO.
The attitude of the single standard Dem
ocrats of lowa is significant — the more
so because it was they, for the most part,
who discovered Boies and secured 103
votes for him for President in the Demo
cratic National Convention in 1892. The
pronunciamento of these Clevelandites, or
sound-money men, recites that they have
made a solemn pledce not to vote for "any
candidate for President or member of
Congress who is not known to be opposed
to the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver." And, as if to rub it in, they add
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
that "no party considerations whatever"
will induce them to depart from the stand
they have taken. To be sure, lowa is a
sure Republican State. Not once since
the formation of the Kepublican party has
the electoral vote of that State been cast
for a Democrat, and only twice since 1858
have the Democrats elected their Gov
ernor. "Where the action of the gold
standard Democrats wiil hurt most, how
ever, will be in the Congressional dis
trict?.
The Democracy had made up its mind
that two or three Congressman could be
elected next fall, and they had some rea
son to think they could, owing to fac
tional fights among Republicans concern
ing local affairs; but it would take the
entire strength of the Democracy and con
siderable outside help to do it. But now
that the party is hopelessly split, the
plan to "work a trick" in the Congres
sional election will be abandoned.
The head and front oi the declaration of
■war against the silvorites is John C. Kelly,
who is not only Internal Revenue Col
lector of the northern half.of lowa, but he
is editor and sole proprietor of the leading
Democratic daily in lowa, the Sioux City
Tribune. And when it is said that he car
ried the State convention a year ago for
the gold standard and had Cleveland's
administration indorsed, it will be better
understood what a declaration to refuse to
support a silverite means. Kdly is an en
thusiastic and never-give-up advocate for
Ihe gold standard on principle. That was
his hobby before Cleveland was elected
Mayor of Buffalo, and rather than advo
cate for silver he would resign his Gov
ernment position and stop the publication
of his paper. To Kelly more than to any
other one man was Boies indebted for his
election to the office of Governor.
It is of no consequence now who got the
gold men to assemble and persuaded them
to pledge themselves to work against the
election of any candidate for any office
from President down who advocates silver
coinage. The deed 1? done and good to
the State of lowa will come because of it.
But Kelly's paper has about as much in
fluence in Northern Nebraska and South
Dakota as it has in lowa, and the silver
Democrats in these States may expect to
be keel-hauled every day until November.
DOWN IN CUBA.
It appears that Consul-General Lee has
dispatched a very important communica
tion to t.ie State Department concerning
affairs in Cuba, and that Ijy the same mes
senger he sent a review of the situation to
the President for his own information. It
vras not expected that General Lee would
be able to >;ive a very full report much
before August, but he plunged into the work
with to much vigor, in ?uch a search
ing kind of way, that Weyier became un
bearably arrogant, which expedited rather
than retarded the Consul-General's inves
tigations.
It is said, and there is reason to believe
it true, that Wcyler undertook to repri
mand General Lee for making too pointed
inquiries concerning the condition of cer
tain Americans confined in Cuban prisons
aDd also for accepting invitations to dine
with people who are known to have very
little respect for the Captain-General and
less sympathy with the cause in which he
is engaged. Butcher Weyier made a great
mistake right then and there. General
Lee is not in Cuba merely to inspect bills
of lading and talk for American merchan
dise, and such arrogance as Weyler's
would be likely to make him more active
in getting what he went after than he
otherwise would be.
In addition to being Consul-General,
General Lee is a special commissioner of
the President, clothed with unusual
diplomatic authority. In fact he is there
to gather such information and evidence
as he may want to decide whether or not
the Cubans are entitled to bellig'-rent
rights, and to have his decision backed up
by the army and navy of the United
States if need be. All this Weyier kne w
long ago, and when he undertook to say
whom General Lee should and should not
dine with, and to what extent he would be
permitted to make inquiry concerning im
prisoned American citizens the Captain-
General insulted the stars and stripes.
It is surmised thai our relations with
Spain have reached the point where the
Madrid Government will have to accept
the friendly oinces of the United States in
the settlement of the Cuban troubles or
listen to the reading oi a proclamation of
the President of the United States how
this Government has done more than
granted belligerent rights to the Cuban
insurgents, it ha.-* recognized the Cuban
republic as a free and independent nation.
If Spain <-'oes not like it she can press the
button and the United States will do the
rest.
LET US BE CONSISTENT.
Christian Europe continues to play the
"warning" joke on the Sublime Pone.
The Armenian "warning" joke having be
come stale the "powers" are now "warn
ing" the Turkish monarch that they do
not like the way his soldiers are butchering
Cretans, but the Porte aces the point of
the joKe and keeps right on killing. It is
amazing how nations who call themselves
high grade Christians could permit the
Turkish Government to defy them from
year to year and from generation to gen
eration. When pressed for an answer why
Armenians are butchered by the thou
sands he says "the Armenians are tho
cause of it all," and Europe smiles and
leaves him to continue his horrible work.
He is now giving the same reasons for the
slaughter of Cretans.
It does seem thai the world ia civilized
enough to put a stop to Turkey's outrage
ous treatment of subjects who deny the
Mohammedan faith. But, of course, to
dismember the empire would mean a war
among the nations of Europe for the
pieces, and tnat is to be avoided as long as
possible, even if tens of thousands of
Christians are murdered in cold blood
meanwhile. However, perhaps we had
better clear our own skirts of guilt before
filing auy charges against the Christian
nations of Europe with sitting compla
cently while the Porte is wading in human
blood. It is doubtful if ttie Porte ever
committed more horrible atrocities than
the Spanish Government is allowing to be
committed in Cuba, and, although we are
bouid by every principle of our Govern
ment to give the Cubans protection against
Weyler's bloodthirsty method of subju
gating a people who are honestly striving
to establish a republic fashioned like
our own, we do not do it. Perhaps it
would be more consistent in us to remove
the mote from our own eyes before we
make too much fuss over the Porte's con
duct.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Arauto is the name of the new Portu
guese weekly newspaper published at Hay
wards by F. I. Lemos and J. de Menezes. It
haß eight well-filled pages containing, besides
the current local and State news, correspond
ence from Portugal, the Azores, Brazil, the
Bermudas, the Sandwich Islands and the Por
tuguese colonies of different cities of the
United States. What will seem rather odd to
the average American newspaper man is the
fact that iii its initial number the Arauto lays
claim to being "the greatest circulating paper
cot only among the 80,000 Portuguese in the
United States but also in Portugal, Azores,
Brazil," etc.
Rena Shattuck's creditable newspaper, the
Petalumian, is one year old nud the announce
meut is made that the publication has "already
become a fixture ia over live hundred town
and county homes." If the paper continues
to develop it is Intended to devote part of Its
columns weekly to fine halftones "that will
illustrate the fertility, varied products, indus
tries and scenery of this, one of the choicest
sections of this favored State." Petaluma and
vicinity hold out many inducements to small
farmers»w)io know how to handle a few acres
successfully and who raise varied products
and have something to send to market every
day in the year.
The Willows Review has entered upon its sev
enth year. The editor, John A. Apperson,
boasts that he has always furnished the very
best paper possible with the means at his com
mand, and with reference to his stand in some
of the factlofi battles in Glenn County he says:
"We have a kind of notion that even those who
have opposed us the strongest and fought us
the hardest know away down in their heart
of hearts that we have been honest, if not wise
from a moneyed standpoint."
The Amador Republican has been leased by
Messrs. Buffiagton and Hartzell, who contem
plate the issuance of a daily in connection
with the weekly. Richard Webb continues in
editorial charge for the present.
That newsy and wide-awake paper, the Gait
Gazette, edited by J. J. Campbell, is now in its
sixteenth year. "Fifteen years ago this
month," says the editor, "we published the
first newspaper ever printed in Gait— the Ga
zette—and since that time we have remained
constantly at the helm, never missing a single
Issue, and each week publishing one of the
newsiest country papers in the State." He has
aimed to keep step to the tune of progress and
abreast of the times, and is determined to
make the Gazette in future, as in the past,
worthy the support and encouragement of an
appreciative public.
John Fairwcather and son have purchased
the Reedley Exponent from W. W. Holland.
The Amador Dispatch has passed into the
hands of E. C. Rust of the Winters Express,
ar.d W. M. Penry retires from the editorial
desk of the Difpatcn to enjoy a period of rest
after thirty years of continuous newspaper
work.
Sacramento has a new daily paper, the Fruit
World, devoted to the production, transporta
tion and marketing of California farm pro
ducts.
The oil fields of Contra Costa County are about
to be exploited, and the Martinez Xeivs informs
us that "for some time pest a syndicate headed
by Charles Sonntag of Sin Francisco, ex-state
Prison Director, has been prospeetlng in
Happy Valley, on the Acalanes runcho, and
have obtained leases ou about 1000 acres of
land in that section on which they believe oil
of a first-class quality is to be obtained. The
necessary machinery is now being built In San
PrancitOO, and, it is said, actual operations
will be commenced within thirty days.
"The indications ot oil in great quantity in
that district seem to be quite promising. An
other company has lately come into the field
and secured lands in the same district.
"Should the first wells of the Sonntag com
pany show satisfactory results they will at
onco begin to develop the iieldon a large scale.
Success, of course, weans a good thing lor the
farmers owning the land, as the terms of the
leases are that they shall receive one-eighth of
the product of the wells."
The Hanford Democrat thus tells the story
of a big strike of oil "at Coalings, on MctiOß
20, township 15," one week ago: "The lend
belongs to Captain Barrett oi Selma. but the
well was being bored by Los Angeles parties.
The well was dowu about feet when the
flow bepan. It spouted up over fifteen feet
above the pipe and ran at the rate of ten bar
rels an hour. There being no means of storing
the fluid, the well was bastlly plugged up and
the parties in charge made lor Los Angeles
With all speed. Secrecy was enjoined on all
concerned, but such a strike us that will leak
out.
"This is the third well on the section, but
preparations have already been made to put
down several more. Machinery and men are
being sent up from Los Angeles, and there is
every prospect of the Coalinga country becom
ing a big oil tenter."
Some time ago the San Bernardino Times-
Index published p.n account of coal being
found in paying quantities i:i Riche Canyon,
about two miles south of Rjdlands. The same
paper now has these fresh particulars: "At
th at time Suinner Wright of the Consolidated
Abstract Company of this city started to sink
a shaft on his place in the canyon, and at a
depth of 100 feet found a very good quality of
conl. Ha sent samples taken from the shait at
this depth to Professor E. W. Hilgard, director
of the Agricultural Department of the State
University, and received the iollowing letter
in reply:
" 'So far as the coal substance goes it is of fair
quality. It looks like the fag end ot a coal bed,
which is likely to improve in quality as you
get in farther away from the beach line. What
you say about the roof and foot walls agrees
with the above forecast'
"The shaft is now down 12f» feet and the far
ther dowu they co the better tho oonl looks.
In trtci, s unpUf now on display at the abstrnct
rfliceshow the coal to be of much finer quality
than that mined at Elsiuore. The stratum is
about "O inches in width and is supposed to
cover about 12 square miles.
"There is every indication thßt this will
prove a profitable field and that very soon coal
will be added to the list ot important products
of this, the imperial county of California."
Visalia rejoices ove? the certainty that a
cannery will be erected there iv Unit! to hnndle
the present season's fruit crops. According to
the Visalia Delta, "this cannery will give em
ployment to a largo number of hands, between
300 and 4uO being the number. It will give
employment to people in the summer, when
work is needed.
"For several years the establishment of a
cannery has been the subject of almost cou
stant agitntian. All efforts to locate a cannery
here have proved futile for several reasons.
Some of the propositions to the fruit-growers
were oue-sided, and they did not take kindly
to the plans proposed.
"The offer of the Sacramento Packing and
Drying Company is the best that has been pro
posed and no trouble was experienced in
securing the necessary guarantee of 1500 tons.
In fact, a great denl more fruit than that will
bo delivered. Small iru it-growers who do not
desire to handle their own crops will sell their
product to the cannery.
"The most Important feature connected with
the proposed cannery is the fact that the fruit
In this district will be given a distinctive
brand. The quality of our peaches has Rt
tained a National reputation, but there never
hos been an opportunity to present that fact
directly to the consumers in the East by a dis
tinctive brand."
The establishment of a fish cannery in Mon
terey promnts the Salinas Owl to suggest that
a fruit cannery would not be a bad investment
in Salinas. "There is enough fruit going to
waste in this neighborhood every year," de
clares the Owl, "to supply a good-sized can
nery; fruit, too, that cannot be excelled any
where on the face of God's earth. No section
can beat us for berries of all kinds, apricots,
peaches and prunes, while our apples and
pears are world-beaters. Won't some one with
a few thousand dollars to invest look into this
subject?"
A co-operative apartment house is the latest
innovation iv prospect for Stockton, nnd the
people interested ara neither social anarchists
nor dreamers, but are out foreconomical and
pleasant living at reasonable rates. The
Stockton Independent describes the plan as fol
lows:
"It is not to be a bachelor or spinster ar
rangement, but for married conples and such
single persons as the others are willing to ad
mit. The matter has gone past the stage of
preliminary discussion, and W. D. Buckley has
been commissioned to fiud a suitable building
for the purposes of the colony, and in case
such a place cannot be found in the city to
negotiate with some party willing to erect one.
"The society will incorporate and elect a
board of directors and be operated in every
way like a corporation. Only stockholders
will be permitted to become residents of the
place. The building will bo divided into liv
ing apartments to accommodate übout twenty
families in which all tno members are adults.
The dining-room la to be one and run alter the
manner of a restaurant. The board of direc
tors will buy all of the provisions, select the
cook and have full charge of the feeding of
the combination family. Servants for the care
of the apartments will also be employed, and
in the end the lady members will find the ar
rangements to be one with all the conveniences
of a hotel and without any household duties
devolving upon them. The projectors have
been figuring- and estimate that the institution
will cost less thau hall' ordinary living ex
penses.
"The people interested in the scheme are
going into it for comfort andeconomy and not
in a desire to advance any idea af altrurianism
or socialism. They say they fire merely tired
of boarding-house life and paying rents and
maintaining households at an unnecessary ex
pense. If it proves a success it will not be the
first instance, as a similar institution is in op
eration in Sun Diego."
Progressive Santa Earbara will soon have an
electric street railway. El Jtarbareni tells us
that the wire for the line is already there; the
rails will be on hand in n few days, and the en
gine and other machinery will arrive as soon
as there is house room for it. "It is the expecta
tion of the company that its cars will be run
ning by the Ist of September; in fact, the
contract for the cars calls for their delivery
not later tnan that date."
Antloch is furnishing a good example of
wealth-begetting enterprise for other towns of
the State. From the Redlands Citrograph we
learn than Antioch "has a goodly sized paper
miil, v big pottery and a distillery. The paper
mill uses up the straw of the county, the pot
tery digs its clay out of the county's soil, and
the distillery makes a market for the county's
grain. The raw materials are converted into
usable articles before leaving the county."
The Summcrland oil fields are pushing ahead
rapidly, and the Summerland Advance says
that it now "looks as if the dreams oi our most
optimistic well-wishers were about to be real
ized. Mr. Knapp is making preparations to
start up an extensive oil-producing plant on
the beach front at the point where expert
opinion declares the largest oil deposit should
be, and nearly every oil firm in the field has
added or is adding to its machinery. Many of
our oil men are casting their eyes seaward,
and it will not be long now before the proces
sion of derricks will begin delving in the bot
tom of the channel 111 search of the precious
fluid. The fact has long been known that the
oil stratum runs under the channel, and oil
may be seen rising to the top several miles oft"
shore. Men of experience claim that it would
not only be feasible but that a well could be
sunk oS a platform of piling as cheap, if not
cheaper, than on land."
A capitalist of St. Louis, Mo., is thinking of
locating in Stockton and erecting there the
largest cracker factory in California. He is
represented by J. J. O'Farrell, the man who, in
conjunction with Oullahan & Adams, has
bonded tiio Weber property in Stockton. The
information comes lrom the Stockton Mail,
which speaks thus: "The various cracker
factories of this State constitute a strong com
bine, and up to the present time they have
been able to fight down all ot>position. The
St. Louis man, however, who is ju«t ::ow en
gaged in the cracker business there, or was
until quite recently, is backed by a very large
am. mm of capital, and it is said to be his in
tMition to start a factory on such a large scale
that it will be independent of the trust.
"Various circumstances combine to direct his
attention to Stockton es a desirabie site for the
proposed factory, chief among them being- the
central location of the city as a distributing
point, the presence of cheap fuel as soon as the
coal road is completed, and the fiict that StocL
ton ia the greatest flour city in the State.
"The St. Louis man has not definitely de
cided to build here, but he has about made up
his mind."
PERSONAL.
Guy W. Brown, U. S. X., is a guest at the
Baldwin. .
Ex-Judge S. Iff. Buck of Eureka has a room at
the Lick.
Isaac Cooper and family from Amador arc at
the Ramona.
Walter H. Maxwell of Liverpool, England,
is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. G. M. Johnson of San Antonio, Tex., Is
registered at the Palace.
Stuto Senator Frank Mc(?owan is a guest at
the Lick with Mrs. Mctiowan.
Dr. Fred 11. Chase, a dentist of Portland, Or.,
is a recent arrival at the Lick.
\V. A. Chamberlain, a mining man from Eu
reka, is among t!ie Russ arrivals.
F. VoLuner, a capitalist of Denver, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. H. Anderson, an English traveler, is at
the Occidental, registered from London.
Dr. E. G. Case, a physician of I'kiah, is
among the recent arrivals :tt the Baldwin.
L. Jones, a wealthy mining man of F.ureka,
Cal., is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
F. B. Wensinger, the big dairyman of Free
stone, is registered at tho Occidental \vith his
wife.
James W. Abbott of Calmalli, Mexico, has
taken apartments at tho California with his
wife.
J. E. Brawn, a prominent business man of
Portland, Or., is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. —
Amone tho latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tr.n Hotel are Dr. Kufus Willurd and daughter
of Seattle, W.ish.
G. IX Flake, the owner of extensive ranch
property near Woodland, id at the Grand for a
short visit in town.
A. C. Barclay Roberts ana J. S. Lewis, two
I'uiladelphians, arrived at the Palace last
night from the East.
William Wright, an electrical engineer and
inventor from Now York, is ainons those re
centiy arrived at the Grand.
William McGownn and John Ketchum, lum
bermen from Forl Rr'gs, are in town ou busi-
DBM. They have rooms at the Russ.
J. Marion Brooks, the Los Angeles attorney
and political enthusiast, has returned to the
Graud after a few days in the country.
W. B. Veir, a capitalist of Melbourne, was a
passenger on the overland from the East last
night. He has a room at the Occidental.
Herbert Ayllng and Frank E. Lamb, of the
John Drew company, arrived with the party
from New York yesterday. They are at the
Occidental.
F. V. Dowry, editor of the Hanford Journal,
and M. R. Plaisted, proprietor of the Riverside
Enterprise, are in the City and are guests at
the Kamona.
John Drew, the actor, will return to the
Palace this morning from Burlingame, where
he has been a guest since his arrival from .New
York on Saturday.
Miss Ethel Barrymore. Miss Gladys Wallis
and Miss Annie Irish, actresses of the John
Drew Company, arrived at the Palace last
night from New York.
Dr. C. W. Russell of Springfield, Ohio, ar
rived at the Palace yesteraay from Portland,
Or., where the Eclectics have been holding
their twenty-sixth National anniversary con
vention.
Dr. <;. W. Johnson, an Eclectic from San An
tonio, Tex., arrived here yesterday from the
Northwest In advance of his fellow physicians,
who are to reach here in a body at 9 o'clock
this morning.
Captain W. 11. Walker of the Pacific Mail
steamship Belgic Is at the Occidental with his
wife, registered from OaKland. He is going
out on the Rio on the 27th to Yokahama to
take charge of a supply agency there for the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
W. T. Buissannie and Anthony Bell, two
Londoners on a pleasure trip around the
world, returned yesterday from Yosemite,
which they reached on the stage tf.at went
into the valley behind the one that was held
up several days ago by road agents. Tho trav
elers will leave here to-morrow morning for
London.
Dr. E. B. Foote, an eclectic physician of New
York, arrived at the Grand yesterday in ad
vance of the main party of eclectics. He left
his New York practice in charge of his son and
is traveling with his secretary. She and Dr.
Foote are at t lie Grand. Dr. Foote was h boy
hood chum of George H. Fitch, the journalist
of this city.
John A. Kasson, formerly of lown, but now a
resident of Washington, is the only surviving
member of the committee that drew up the
platform upon which Lincoln ran for Presi
dent in 1860.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Mrs. Waterman is a local lady artist who is
carving out a new career for herself by immor
talizing leading members of the police force in
crayons and pastel. One reason for this prefer
ence shown ior members of the force may be
found in the fact that she is the wife of a vet
eran and popular police officer, C. H. Water
man.
Mrs. Waterman has a special faculty for
transferring any face that nhe may see to
Mrs. Waterman.
paper and canvas, but her happiest efforts
have always been reserved for members of her
husband's profession. In the new police sta
tion, on Washington street, near Polk, is the
nucleus of a picture gallery which is the
pride and joy of every officer belonging to it.
There are only three portraits, but three por
traits well done are better than a thousand
which are unrecognizable, and Mrs. Waterman
has co transferred the lineaments of Chief
Crowley, Captain Wittman and Sergeant Brown
to canvas, that their most casual acquaint
ances know them at a glance.
This lady is becoming so popular that she
has patrons all over the country, and it is ex
pected that before long her triends will per
suade her to open a portrait exhibition, wflich
will consist largely of members of the police
force.
Captain of Detectives Lees spoiled a good
newspaper story the other day._ A lady re
porter on one ot the dailies called upon the
captain for the purpose of securing from him
a thrilling story of adventure. She presented
her card .to the captain, who was hurrying
into his private office and said: "Captain Lees,
I want you to tell me what was the most criti
cal moment in your life?"
The captain stopped and scratched his white
head for a minute, while the lady reporter got
out her note-book and pencil preparatory to
making notes of some harrowing tale. "The
most critical moment of my life," said the
captain, slowly, "was the moment I was born,"
aud he passed into his private cnice.
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
The name of the heroine of William Black's
latest novel, "Erisels," was chosen by the late
Lor^l Leighton.
It is said that the only European monarch
who is not insured is the Czar. The companies
wiil risK nothing on him.
Miss Bertha G. Lamme of the Westir.ghouse
works in Plttsburg is the only woman elec
trical engineer in the country.
Miss Helen Gould owns a rare palm which is
viilued at $25,000, and takes the palm, for
costliness iv the horticultural world.
In all probability Queen Victoria will never
hold another drawing-room in person, the
fatigue being too great for her at her advanced
age.
In Boston residas Mis 3 Elizabeth C. Adams
grand-daughter of the first President Adams,
She lived In the White House during the term
of her uncle, John Quincy Adams. She and
her brother, I. Hull Adams, are the only sur
viving grandchildren of the second President.
Dr. Kate G. Homer oi Pender, Xebr., was re
centiy elected Coroner of the town. The cow
boys call her an angel because of her self
sacrificing life. Whenever she goes on a trip
over the prairies to visit a sick person some
gallant but bashful cowboy follows at a dis
tance to hoe that no harm befalls the pretty
young doctor.
Mrs. Virginia Fraser Boyle of Memphis wa
awarded the prize of $100 for tho best
poem, read at the opening of Tennessee's
centennial. There were 142 poems In compe
tition and the award, which was unanimous,
was made by a committee of three literary
gentlemen, who were ignorant of the identity
oi the artist.
John Ilickey, a Balaklava hero, has just died
in St. Pancras Workhouse, London. He fought
in tho Crimean War, at the Alma, Inkerman,
Balafclava and the storming of Sobastopol, for
which he received medals and clasps. He was
highly esteemed for his good conduct and
Christian demeanor, and in consequence pro
motion was frequently offered him, but he
preferred to serve the officers to whom he was
servant and to whom he was much attached.
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS.
A simple little gown with a baby waist but
toned in the back is shown here. The sim
plicity of the design, in combination witluits
picturesquer.ess, recommends it. The collar
may be made detachable, which is a feature
always appreciated, as two collars may be
used, making variety, and, if one is washable,
the usefulness of the gown is doubled.
A brown and white wool dress had one collar
of brown satin, with a band of heavy creamy
lace laid an inch from the edge. The other
collar was of sheer white lawn, trimmed with
Valenciennes lace.
A brown and light-blue mixture in wool had
a collar of plain brown cloth trimmed with
three rows of narrow gilt braid. A second col
lar was of blue China silk edged with a narrow
knife-pleating of the same.
A plain myrtle-green cashmere with one
collur of plaid t-ilk and another of white lawn
is very effective.
Wash dresses of gingham are shown with
collars of the fame, trimmed with embroidery.
Blue cam brie with collar of white piquet is"a
pretty combination, ana white piquet with
collar of blue or pink cambric is always dainty.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
The Baseball Pitcher.— The famous baseball
pitcher had walked the floor with the youngest,
of his family for an hour or so. "Marj ■ " he
said, "if the manager saw me now I bet I dget
soaked with a fine."
"Why?" asked his wife, sleepily.
"I don't seem to have any control of the
bawl at all. I don' t."-Cincinnati Enquirer.
Adam may have missed some of the luxuries
of this life, but he didn't have to teach hii
wife to ride a wheel.-New York Commercial
Advertiser.
•'Why didn't you catch any fish, HaroldT
Wouldn't they bite?"
"No. We lost our bait The worm turned.
Detroit Free Tress.
Visitor-Johnny, do you ever get any good
marks at school ?
Johnny— Y-ves'm, but I can't show em.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
She— They say he married Miss Wrinkles for
her money. Has she got much?
He— She must have lots 0/ it. Have you ever
seen her?— Harlem Life.
"I hear disparaging remarks about the
poster girl, but for my part I think her nice
enough to eat."
Saying which the goat helped himself to a
second plateful of magazine cover.— Detroit
Tribune.
Daughter— This piano is really my very own,
isn't it pa?
Pa— Yes, my dear.
"And when I marry I can take it with me,
can I?"
"Certainly, my child; but don't tell any
one— lt might spoil your chances." — London
Tid-Bits.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Columbus— J. 11. X., City. None of the many
accounts that have been published about the
World's Fair and the ColumDus relics make
any mention of the sending out of a United
States vessel to meet the vessel bearing them.
- From Lon fellow— R. S. 8., City. The follow
ing quotation is from "Maidenhood" by Long
fellow:
standing with reluctant feet,
Where the brook and river meet
: '-■_ \-:i. Childhood and girlhood fleet.
Dunham's Parents— A correspondent writes
to ask if the parents of Dunham, the murderer
and fugitive from justice, ever lived in Sonoma
County, and particularly if his father overlived
in that county in 1852-53-54-55-56-57. Can any
o f the readers of this department give the de
sired information? - V ; ";
Census— G. W. C, City. The canvassers for
the directories in cities and for the school
census confine their duties to the collection of
certain data only, and the estimates of popula
tion that are based upon the returns of such
canvassers are simply guesswork. There is no
set rule for arriving at such estimates, each in
dividual furnishing them, using a method of
his own to reach a result.
"Acknowledge the Corn"— E. G. S.. Liver
more, Cal. "To acknowledge the corn" is an
Americanism, which means to admit being out
witted or an admission of failure. The origin
of the expression is given in the following: In
1828 the Hon. Andrew Stewart was in Congress
discussing the principles of protection, and
said in the course of his remarks that Ohio, In
diana and Kentucky sent their hay
stacks, cornfields and fodder to New
York. Hon. C. A. Wycliffe. from Ken
tucky, jumped up and said: "That
is absurd. Mr. Speaker, I call the gentleman
to order. He is stating an absurdity. We never
send haystacks or cornfields to New York or
Philadelphia."
••Well, what do you send?" asked the inter
rupted speaker.
••Why, horses, mules, cattle and hogs," re
plied the gentleman from Kentucky.
"Well," continued the honorable Mr. Stew,
art, 'what makes your horses, mule?, cattle
and hogs? You feed $100 worth of hay to a
horse and by so doing you just animate your
haystack and ride it to market. How is it
with your cattle? You make one of them carry
$50 worth of hay and grass to an Eastern mar
ket. Mr. Wycliffe, you send a hog worth $10 to
an Eastern market. How much does it take at
33 cents a bushel for corn to fatten that hog?
Why, thirty bushels. Then you put that thirty
bushels of corn into the shape ot a hog, and
make it walk to an Eastern market, and — " In
terrupting the speaker again Mr. Wyckliffe
rose to his feet and exclaimed, "I acknowledge
the corn." The expression is now used in Eng
land in the same sense as it is used in the
United c. • : r. , . • -Vj;'
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
i — • — »
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
■ • — # — •
The best 25c boxes of paper and envelopes
ever made are the Hurlburt's "Superfine,"
"Venetian Bond," "Devonshire," "Iverness. 1
"Royal Parchment" and "Real Irish Linen."
Boxes cf other papers are 10c, 15c and 20c
each. Visiting cards, wedding invitations and
announcements a specialty. Stationery Dept.,
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
. — •
"But, waiter, if this is spring chicken, where
is its wishbone?"
Waiter (equal to the occasion)— lt was too
young to wish, sir.— Detroit Free Press.
899 75 to Washington, D. C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris*
tlan Endeavsr at Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, Jans 29, at 2p. x.
and San Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a. v.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of G. \V. Campbell,
president of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street. San Jose, and
William G. Alexander, ex-presldent of the Call
fornla Christian Endeavor Union, 21 Nortn Fourth
street, San Jose. For further Information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men or to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco; C. K. Bray, 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; U. F. Herr, 28 South Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
• — ♦ — <
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
The Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago
and Northwestern line has been selected as the of
ficial route of for the California delegates to the
Democratic National Convention at Chicago, open
ine: July 7. Special rate for the round trip, only
$72 50, California to Chicago and return. Tickets
on sale June 30 and July 1.
The only line running Pullman drawing-room
sleepers and dining-cars San Francisco to Chicago
dally without change, and free composite buffet
smoking and library cars. Time to Chicago only
31/2 days.
Ticket and sleeping-car reservations at general
ticket office, No. 1 Montgomery street. D. W.
Hitchcock, general agent, San Francisco.
• — * — •
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense Is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621' Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific Kailroad. EL C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. F.
« — ♦ — ■* —
Northern Pacific Kallroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
ventiOD at Chicago, the Christiiin Endeavorers at
Washlns^on and National Kduca ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the ?iorth
ern Pacific Knilroad. Kor particulars inquire of
T. K. Slateler, Cen. AgL, 638 Market St., S. l\
"Mrs. WinsloWs Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 rears by millions of moths?*
for their children whl;e Teething with perfect suc
cess. . It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain," cures Wind Coilc, regulates the Bowels aaJ
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether, arising
from teething or other cause*. For sals by ) Drag
gists in every par: of the world. Be sura and ajt
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. Uso a bOitla.
• — ♦ — «- .
Cobonado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists coat
mon Inr; her north. • Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board as the Uoialiil
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 p»rdi/, Apjki?
4>t-.v Aioutgomery st.. SanFmeiaco.
Whks^oo feel 'as cross as a cat," a dose of
Ayer's Pills will make tod as good-natured as a
Kitten. Try them for biliousness.
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue. •
- ■ ' - - : ■:', ~ — ■'■■ ♦ — # * :•■■■•
Loans on diamonds. Interest . low. At Uncle
Harris". 15 Grant avenue.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Cncl*
Harris', 15 Gram avenue,MONDAY JCNK 22. 1896
AmustmtMS. i
JUt.dwiv Txkatkb "The Squire of Dames."
I Ai.iFoitNiA THKATER.~"The Grey Mare."
roiTMBu 1 vjkatkk— "Lord Chnmlcy" and
•The Silent System."
Mobosco's cphka-House— "A Perllons Voy-
• age.'
'i ivoi.T CrrHA-ITorsK.— "A Trip to the Moddl"
tißriiKru-nigh-Class Vaudeville.
I'ark Tjikatkr— Grove street, between Polk
ana \an Ness avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn."
Sutbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
biiooTTHit Oitttks— Daily a; JlaigUi street, one
I'Ock east of the Park.
MAcsnxon,n THXATKB (Oakland) — "In
Mizzonra ' to-night.
AUCTION SALES.
By (Has. Kastmax— This day, June 22, Japanese
•High-Art Goods, at 419 Kearny street, at 1:30 a
a. and 2 p. m.
By Geo. F. Lamsox— This day (Monday). Fur
nnure, at 61:! Capp street, at 2 o'clock.
By At.ljcn- Cowan— This day (Monday), Saloon
Furniture, at 607 Sacramento street, at 11 o'clock.
By 8. Batch— This day (Monday), Furniture
at salesroom, 319 Sutler street, at 10:30 o'clock.
V. r ' V Sciaivajj & Doyle— This day, June 22,
r.ockaways. Buggies, etc., at 1128 .Mission street,
at 11 o'clock.
By Fasten & KiTiKinoK.— To-morrow, June 2S.
Furniture, at NX. corner of Sutler and Octavia
streets, at 10 o'clock.
« B y^ KABTO!f * Ki.nßinoE— Saturday, June 27,
Heal Estate, nt Murphy Station, at 1 o"'clock.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
Mayor Sutro has returned from hi 9 vacation.
"Fair weather with fresh to brisk westerly
Winds" Is the forecast for to-day.
One of the large coals died Saturday night
and was cast up on the beach yesterday.
Owing to a lack of funds but little work is
being done in Golden Gate Park at this time.
The ball game tit Presidio Park yesterany
was won l>y the Imperials by a icoreof 4 to ::.
The Red Men's Bhootiag section held its
monthly medal shoot at Saell Mound yester
day.
The man recently frmnd nurdered In Tuol
umne has been identitied as Peter C. Kelly, &
miner.
The handball courts were crowded yester
day mid :>everal cloiely contested games were
played.
Whip Jr. won n thirty-six dog stake at Ingle-
Bide Coursing Park yesterday, Galloping being
runner-up.
The 'arge number of people who left the City
■Uy diminished the attendance at the
I'tirk atu! beach.
G >neral John MeComb was buried yesterday
from the Masonic Temple with full military
auii Masonic riles.
Eisie Viola made a very rapid descent from
her ; iterday. The parachute col
lapted, but she escaped injury.
Pan Ijonnboe, a waiter, was arrested yester
dr.y on a warrant charging him with assault
ing Edith Hannen, 10 years al I
Park Commissioner Rosenfeld hns returned
from the East and says mere ts n strong Mc-
Einley ieeling on the othersideof the Rockies.
. - have been fitted on the sunken
hull of tlie Blairmore. and Captain Whitelaw
will resume the work of raising the vessel
Tuesday.
A fleet of seven Hawaiian sugar vessels are
now overdue, some of them as much as ten
days. They have probably met with unfavora
ble winds.
yen has not yet decided to
unmona of Judge Slack to appear in
to-day, ."-he says she will be guided by
her attorneys.
now almost a certainty that James J.
t's share of the receipt* at tbe Pavilion
Wednesday night, when he will meet
Eharkey, wiil be $10,000.
The California Camera Club, on invitation of
: the Mill Valley andMt
Tamnlpt'.i.* r.>si<i, tot k the first of
ncial trip oa that line yesterday.
Company I, League of the Cross Cadet=, heM
a quarterly rally yesterday afternoon in the
hall of St. Peter's iarish. Four essays were
read on the subject ol "What Drunkenness
ing pupils of Mr. B&rtlett's ninth
oi the Hamilton Evening School re
r t lie term just eaded: Apnc-s
Kur. under, Frank Cram, Jonn King and (ius.
Pollack.
U--V. H. J. Callis, the new pastor of the Afri
can M. E. Zion Church, sees a l^ek of Sunday
■ ranee in .~an Francisco, but he says in
>tiier respects ttiii City is ahead oi Kast
. ..es.
An unknown man leaped from the steamer
Piedmont at / :45 o'clock last evening and was
da^atii to death in the paddle-box, wnere his
remains were iound wheu the steamer reached
its landing.
In tij. 1 eui> cricket match between the Ala
meJa and l!.-h?m:an Clubs, played at Golden
Gate yesterday, the former team wai badly
beaten. The Pacifies defeated the San Jose
eleven at Aiameda.
Father Conlan has retired from St.
Francis parish to assume charge of the Red
wood City parish. Itev. Father T. Caraher will
Father Conlau as pastor of
St. Francis Church.
same valuable iron ore found in San Bern-
County nas been presented to the park
m. A new variety of milk-white quartz
in Tulare County has betn sent to the
museum iv the part.
Edwards Davis, the Oakland preacher who
ed considerable notoriety by
[nationalism in the pulpit, spoke yester
day aitt-rn. on al *!ie good citizenship rnmiug
at >fetropolitan Temple.
At a special session of the Board of Education
to-uighi ihe question of deducting or not de
ducting fr4m the salaries of teachers when
they are ab-ent lor a short time in conseauence
ol tickness will be considered.
At Calvary Presbyterian Church last even
ing Paator VV. L. Bircb advised the establish
■■'• concert hall where poor work
incmen could be entertained and served w ith
C( See by fashionable society ladies.
A number oi the Odd Fellow lodge? of the
City united yesterday nfternoon in services in
conimcmorattoa of those of their number who
had d the past year. Eulogies were
delivered by many of those hich in the order.
Lewis Kftvanl, a ninc-year-o'.d lad, was shot
in the inigh yesterday "afternoon by another
small boy, whom he claims to be unable to
identify. The weapon used was a 22-caliber
pistol and tne wound is thought to be not se
rious.
About eighty doctors from the recently ad
• t annual convention of the National
Eclectic Medical Society of America, held in
Portland. Or., will arrive here at I) o'cioct this
morning and will remain until to-morrow
evening.
The Rev. J. B. Orr, pastor of the Park Con
gregational Church, addressed the meeting in
the Y. M. C. A. Hall yesterday afternoon, and
next Sunday efiernoon the Rev. O. H. Gruver
will speak at the same place on "The Secret of
Getting Knowledge."
Edward Abrahams, a youth of 19 years, was
locked up last evening pending investigation
on a charge of embezzlement. He Is accused
of coHtrCing for a parcel which be deliv
ing "C. O. l>." for tne Eureka Delivery Com
pany and failing to make returns.
Mrs. Beck-Meyer, who represented Norway,
Bweden and .Denmark at the Iniernational
Woman's Congress at the World's Fair, spoke
last nigbt at the First English Lutheran
ii on the "Scandinavian Reformation in
.ation to Our Times and Country."
NEW TO-DAY.
J& \ \ mm
V-/ Mmma
I Tkb atmeht. — For red, roach. «hippp(l. or rii»- H
■ colored h*nd». Boak them in c •tronft. hit "tari«"H
SB of Cotici;ra Soap, dry thoroughly. «nd apply <.'»?- ■
ITtcniA (otntjnrnN.weiTinjrKloTMKliiriniftheniehtß
J| f<j iT*ji Km v k Gat*. COST'! bale I'tipo-i BMOJU £
MRS. CRAVEN IS
SURE OF VICTORY.
She Laughs Heartily at the
Threats of Charles
Fair.
TELLS HIM TO BEWARE.
Intimates, However, That She
Still Retains Her Strong
est Card.
WHAT TRUMBO SAYS IS TRUE.
Refuses to Deny or Affirm the Ex
istence of a Marriags Contract.
Heggerty Talks.
Mrs. Nettie Craven is apparently not the
least disturbed over the order issued by
Judge Slack on Saturday requiring her to
bring into court at 7:30 o'clock to-night
all papers and writings in her possession
executed in part or whole by the late
James G. Fair.
Accompanied by her daughter Mar
garet, Mrs. Craven spent the best portion
of yesterday driving about the City, to
the Park and other places of interest.
It is not by any means certain that the
lady of penciled wills and deeJs will re
spond to the summons of Judgo Slack.
She claims to have no official knowledge
that her presence is desired in court,
though if her attorneys think best to ac
knowledge the order as published in The
-Miss Margaret Craven, Daughter of Mrs. Nettie Craven. The Young Lady Has
Already Distinguished Herself by Championing Her Mother's Cause in the
Face of Obtrusive Servers of Subpenas. The Young Lady Has Won Many
friends and Uistrionic Honors by Her Natural Gifts and Accomplishments
Call she will do so. She proposes to ba
guided entirely by them in the matter.
"I have no desire to evade the mandate
; of the court," said Mrs. Craven last night,
"though I do seriously object to the
method employed in serving the so-called
paper. The fact that 1 was down town
attending to my regular business and
incidentally returning a few calls, should
prove ciearly that I was not attempting to
avoid any official summons. 1 am told
that it was Captain Callunden who tried to
serve the paper. Why, I have known him
for sixteen years, but'when he approached
me in such a rough way, I was so
frightened that I did not know him."
Here Miss Alargaret Craven, affection
ately given the appellation of "Birdie" by
her many friends, took up the recital.
•'Mother and 1 then started to walk to
| ward the elevator, as we had gone to the
i hotel to make a call on a friend, when this
man who had thrust the paper at mamma
started to follow. I stepped between him
j and mamma, and told him if he did not
desist I would send for the police. He
went away and we paid our call. 1
noticed this man and another, who was
evidently a confederate in the outrageous
proceeding, standing in the corridor as we
entered from the street, and as we entered
one man indicated to the other that
mamma was the person he wanted. I bj
lieve they had been following vis for «ome
time, for they could not otherwise Have
known that we were to be at the Palace
Hotel at that particular time."
In conclusion Miss Craven in a tone of
protest and indignation with the pertest
imaginable look exclaimed, "I want you
to say that our address is 310 Guerrero
street, that we are not going to leave town
and we are not dodging any one — report
ers, recorders and servers of subpenas are
always cordially welcome."
Mrs. Craven, after gently chiding The
facetiouaness of her daughter, remarked:
"Yes, I can't understand w».y they should
have attempted such a course. There was
no need to serve any v>aper on me in euch
a public place, and I denounce it as an in
sult and outrage. They know my address
and conld have just as readily have served
it on me here at my home and avoided all
this publicity and notoriety."
Then becoming reminiscent she told in
explanation of her more than usually
nervous state how a strange man had ap
| proached her yesterday morning as she
was waiting for a car at the corner of Fif
teenth and Valencia streets near her
home, and had offered to advance her
money on a percentage of the deeds, and
how she had refused his offer, saying the
deeds did not require any loan on the
basis of a percentage of the value they
represented as compensation.
"Is it true, Mrs. Craven," the reporter
asked, "that you showed these deeds and
a marriage contract with Senator Fair to
Colonel Trumbo, just before you went to
Sacramento to work for the teachers'
pension bill?"
"Does Colonel Trumbo say that I did?"
was the evasive answer. "I will only say
this; 'That any statement made by him,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
Mrs. Nettle Craven, the School Principal, Who Has Created the Latest Sensation
in the I retracted Fair i state Case by Recording a Deed Giving Her Over
a Million Dollars' Worth of Property Supposed to Have Belonged to the
Estate. The Lady Is Confident Her Claim Will Stand in Law and Kqnlty.
concerning myself, is true.' He always
knows what he is talking about."
"In addition to the deeds just filed, the
statement is made that you hold a deed to
the Lick House. Is that true?"
"I cannot answer that. It would be
telling tales out of school. I will say,
however, that whatever I lay claim to is
mine. It is perfectly ridiculous the way
the Fair attorneys try to create the im
pression that they never heard of the
deeds filed last Friday until they were
placed on record. They knew all about
them, and ?o aid Charley Fair.
"I see by the paper that Charley is cred
ited with saying that the deeds are forced.
It was not to be expected, of course, ti>at
he would yield such valuable property
without a struggle, but he had better have
a care how he talks. I have been his best
friend, and he knows it. If it had r.ot
been forme he would have been cut off
with a penny.
"The matter is not settled yet," and
Mrs. Craven's bright eyes flashed omin
ously. "Ho may find himself a pauper
one of these fine mornings and then he
will wonder how it all came about. I have
borne a great many things, but I do not
propose to be pressed too far. Tbe deeds
are genuine — Charley Far knows it, as,
well as the attorneys on the other side."
Mrs. Craven says that she is ( watched
from morning until night. Attempts have
been made to bribe her servants to sllow
some one in the house to spy on her move
ments at home. Yesterday while driving
two men followed her all the way, and
when she finally left the carriage ana
boarded a downtown car one of the men
followed suit. She observed the fellow
and then led him a merry chase for an
hour or so. Finally she grew tired of the
surveillance ami invited her shadow to go
out to the house with her and spend the
evening.
'The fellow threw back his head and
laughed heartily," said Mrs. Craven In
describing the incident. ''Seeing that his
purpose was known he dropped off at the
next cornei."
Charles J. Hecrgerty, who was the mov
ine spirit In the events of Eaturday, when
interviewed relative to the developments
of the afternoon, said:
"If those deeds are genuine, they are
valid and effective from the time of their
date, Septembers, IW)4. The income from
these properties is about f»5000 a month,
making an aggregate to date of $126.000
rentals that the grantee would be entitled
to if her claim proves good. There is
nothing, however, to show that she had
collected or attempted to collect any of
these rents at any time.
"Fair's books show that during his life
time, subsequent to the date of these deeds
and up to the time of his death, all rents
from these propertifs had been collected
by him, and there is nothing to show that
Mrs. Craven ever receiv d a dollar of these
moneys. In fact, we know that not a
tenant in any of the buildings knows her.
"If her deeds stick she will have no dilli
culty in recovering all the rents that were
collected since the date of the documents
granting her the properties.
"Ibis move will enable all the Fair
claimants to see jost what she has. It
will put her on record. She will either
have to produce all the documents she has
claimed to have, comprising deeds to tho
most valuable portions of the Fair prop
erly, including the Lick House, or admit
that she has no further claims of any kind
against theestate.
"Should she refuse tc appear or produce
the documents de?cribed she will be in con
tempt of court and liable to arrest and
punishment.
"In my judgment the deeds will not be
produced. I will be very much surprised
if y\ rs. Craven produces them in any court
or before any J udge. The manner in which
they were recorded was a plan to place on
record a semblance of deeds, and then to
get rid of tr.em and so put a cloud on the
property and open the way for a compro
mise with the i';iir children.
"Those deeds should properly have been
filed with Judge Slack, the &amc as we
hied the pencil will as soon as we became
aware of its cxistance."
In the proceedings before Judge Slack
Monday night it. is proposed to take the
deposition of Mr?. Craven in reference to
all matters pertaining to her connection
with Fair and the Fair estate.
Attorney Ue.izgerty holds that the pud
pena was legally served and binds Mrs.
Craven to appear.
There was a "rumor owrrent yesterday
that John (l. Barker, by request of Mrs.
Craven, took the Craven deed belore
Notary Public J. J. Cooney.
It was further hinted that Senator Fair
waß not present at thf time the deed was
acknowledged, only Barker being present.
Mr. Cooney said last night to a Call re
porter: "I cannot remember whether Mr.
Barker was present at tne time I attested
the deed or not. It is so long ago that the
circumstances of the matter l\ave passed
from my memory.
"Yes, 1 remeniDer that I attested the
deed," said he in reply to a question.
"Was Mr. Barker present?"
"As to that I cannot say. I know that
he was occupying an office to the rear of
mine at the tune."
"W:is senator Fair present when you
attested the document?"
"I cannot answer that question, but the
presumption is strong that Senator Fair
was present by the fact that I acknowl
edged the deed."
The entire matter, Mr. Cooney says, has
passed from his mind, except the fact that
he attested the deed and ihe surety in his
mind; that le has a presumption in iiis
mind that Senator Fair was present at the
time; beyond this he declines to talk
about the matter.
John T. Barker was seen at his residence,
the Colonial, last night and expressed ex
treme surprise to hear that he was con
nected with the matter at ail. "The first
that I heard of the deed," said he, "was
when I read of it in the morning rnip ts.
I did occupy an office near Mr. Cooney
about the time when this deed is said
to have been attested, but I had no con
nection whatever with it. I, in fact, never
had any dealings with Mrs. Craven. I
know absolutely nothinji about it. Had I
been present at tho time the deed was ac
knowledged I would surely remember it."
WILLIAMS CAUTIOUS.
Mrs. Craven's Attorney Confident
of His Client's Title to tho
Deeded Prooerty.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 21.— Attorney
George R. Williams was seen at his resi
dence in Oakland last night regarding the
order of Judge Slack's, and said he would
obey it or any other made by the court,
but when 1 1 is Honor came to getting any
thing he was likeiy to find it extremely
dry picking.
"The Fair heirs have known of the ex
NEW TO-DAY.
50 cents
for 50 cents-worth of tea, and your money
back if you want it. Is n't that fair ?
Do you conduct your business on so
fair a basis as that ?
Fair is n't the name for it. It is a tre-
mendous waste of money on our part,
unless our tea is so good that you would
rather have it than your 50 cents.
Your grocer has the tea — Schilling's
Best — and will give you your money back
if you don't like it. He does n't lose any-
thing ; we pay him the full retail price.
San Francisco 304 A. Schilling & Company
istence of this pencil deed," said he, "for
! some time past, but have refused to be
j ieve that it amounted to anything, but
now they appear to give it considerable
credit from the fuss tney are making
j over it.
"The property is legally Mrs. Craven's
j and sue will claim it and enforce her claim
I by securing possession of every bit of it.
I 1 have no idea of the amount of revenue
I the property brings in monthly, but she is
j entitled to every bit of it from the date of
i the deeds. Why has she not collected it?
[I don't know anything about that; you
j will have to see her for her reasons."
"Will she appear in court Monday?"
"I am sure I don't know. 1 do not
I know whether she lias been served with a
! subpena or not. If she is ordered to no
| doubt she will."
"Do you know Mr. Williams, of the ci
i Istence of, or have you seen the contract of
marriage that Mrs. Craven has virtually
admitted existed between her and Fair?"
"Has she admitted such a contract?"
"That is my understanding of the situa
! tion."
"I couldn't tell you anything about
that."
'•Will you produce the pencil deeds in
court Monday?"
"Why, who has those pencil deeds? I
have never said I had them."
"But you have them, have you not?"
"I can't tell you anything about the
I deeds."
After some further talk Mr. Williams
| said the papers in the case had all been
! copyrighted so as to prevent them from
j being overhauled by those who only had
j curiosity as a reason for seeing them and
jto Keep the papers from reproducing
; them.
BOY AND PISTOL.
The Combination ReKUlt* Dinaatroasly
to Another Small L,ad.
Lewis Ravani. a twelve-year-old lad who
resides at 448 Union street, was made the
victim late yesterday afternoon of a toy
pistol in the hands of a companion, whose
identity is at paesent unknown. Ravani
was playing baseball with a number of
boys in a Jot near his home, when, accord
ing to his story, a lad whom he did not
know came along and without any provo
cation whatever shot him.
The bullet, which is from that kind of
wcanon used by the small boy, a "twenty
two short," entered Ravani's left thigh
and buried itself in the bone. The boy
was* taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wound was dressed, and he
was conveyed to his home. An effort will
be made to-day to find the hall. Owing
to the in significant size of the projectile
and the lack of force with which it was
propelled no difficulty is anticipated, and
the wound will not be liable to prove
serious.
BOHEMIA IS VISITED,
Five Hundred Ladies and Gen
tlemen Enjoy an Ideal
Sunday Trip.
Under the Personal Direction of J E.
Locke They Invade the Rei
woods Near Guerneville.
The special train to Bohemia Grove yes
terday, chartered by J. B. Locke, took one I
of the linest excursion parties ever organ- ]
ized in this City. There were about five j
hundred ladie3 and «entlemen in the i
party, composed mostly of gentlemen and
their wives, while conspicuous among the
number were a number of small private
parties of ladies, who were unaccompanied
by gentlemen escorts. Kverything ran us i
smoothly as a private home party, reflect
itlg great credit both upon the manager of j
the excursion as Weil as on the officers of j
tho San Francisco and North Pacific Coast j
Railway, over which company's line the
excursion was run.
At Tiburon the excursionists found a
train of standard coaches, all lettered and :
with seats numbered in the same manner
aa seats are designated at the theaters, |
headed by two of the company's best j
engines. Each coach was in charge of a
gentleman who Inspected the tickets and
saw that the excursionists secured the
seats in the coaches their tickets desig
nated, and in a remarkably short space of ]
time the train was out ahead of the regu- j
lar trains, with a clear track, speeding
along to Bohemia, seventy-eight miles j
distant, on the Russian River, below J
Guerneville, where the Bohemian Club ;
annually holds its high jinks and where i
the great redwoods rear tiieir majestic !
spires sJtyward and tne ferns grow in such j
prolific quantities that every one of the j
visitors secured great bunches of them to j
bring home at rfminders of one of the !
most pleasant outings which it was their \
pleasure to experience. It was a moiiei
train, which demonstrated in a practical
manner what tho railroad company could I
do when the public demand required.
At Bohemia the company took posses- i
sion of favorable situations for lunch and |
basket provisions were dispatched in a
manner that indicated appetites had been
whetted by the delightful ride, the fresh
air and the charming surrounciinns.
After a stay of nearly five hours in tho
grove tho train started on its homeward
journey, reaching this City about 7:30 in
the evening. Mr. Locke received many I
congratulations on his success in getting j
together such a select party, composed as
it largely was of juiys'cians, law
yers and business men and their
families. In fact people marveled
that it W*S possible to get together cuch
a large party for a Sunday bating that j
was free from disturbing elements, and i
there was an urgent inquiry as to when j
another such event would be offered. The '
reserved-seat accommodations came in j
for a large, share of praise and what Mr. |
Locke calls his "modern excursion" was j
voted a pronounced success.
Manager Locke announced that he
would give a nunibpr of similar events in
the near future, offering similar attrac
tions, which he would not only personally
conduct, but for which tickets could only
be obtained upon personal application at
his office in this City, no tickets being sold
at the offices of thu railroad company.
THE "CALL" SPEAKS
FOR AND TO ALL,
: How It Distanced All Com
petitors Last
Week.
IT LED EVERYWHERE.
Covered the Views of Both Con
ventions Like a
Tent.
AND DISTRIBUTED IT, TOO.
Special Trains Conveyed the Paper to
Breakfast Tabes in Distant
Cities.
The Call speaks for all. Is there any
body left who questions it? TiieCall has
earned the right to remodel this that has
long been a household saying throughout
California It may properly be made to
read, "The Call speaks for all and to all."
When big things happen then the news
paper is put to the test. Tne week that
closed yesterday witnessed tne birth and
death of tbe St. Louis convention — one of
the most important happenings in th? re
cent history of the country. Concurrent
with it the Democratic State Convention
was holding its sessions and declaring the
principles for which the opposing party is
to make its fieht in November. At the
same time the city of Santa <"ruz was cele
brating its great annual carnival.
Either one cf these events occurring
separately would have employed the full
resources of the ordinary newspaper.
With a corps of trained newspaper men
at St. Louis and another at Sacramento, an
amplification of its mechanical equip
ments to meet the demand on type and
presses, with the distributing forces more
than doubled, the engaeement of special
trains north and south, The Call not only
covered all the news, but it met the unex
ampled demand throughout the State
which the news created.
Nor while these greater things— the
making of tbe history of the time— was
being so fully recorded were the minor
happenings of the day less fully reported
than at any other time. The local depart
ment went about its business as serenely
as though St. Louis and Sacramento had
no place on the map. All the news of all
of these great days was covered like a
tent.
Not only that, but on Friday, the day
following the climax at St. Louis and the
linish at Sacramento, The Call by special
trains leaving the City long ahead of
either of its competitors, "and traveling at a
rate of speed that leit them hours Behind
at the terminus, carried to breakfast tables
as far as Sacramento and Santa Cruz an
edition that surpassed anything of the
kind ever issued west of Chicago.
It was a twenty eight page paper telling
the story that the event of the day called
up, the story of tlie Republican party.
It is one tiling to print the routine news
and another fo ?upnlement it with proper
settings and distribute it to the people
while it is hot.
The service of The Call from St. Louis
has been of the most complete and read
able and comprehensive that has been
furnished any paper in the country.
There has been no syndicate matter
among it.
John Paul Co3grave, one of the best
posted and most graceful writers In the
West, was on the ground early, and with
C. C. Carleton, The Call's Washington
correspondent, has told the general story
with touches of local coloring that gave it
an unusual interest. The United Press
has covered itself with glory at St. Louis.
It has told all there was to tell, told it
well and told it quickly— three very im
portant features of newspaper service.
The Western Union Telegraph wires en
abled The Call to place on its big bulletin
canvas on Market street the running
events of the convention within three
minutes of the time they happened in the
convention hall.
With the advantage of two hours that
San Francisco has over St. Louis the big
presses in the basement of Tin: Call build
ing began to revolve before midnight
every night this week with the complete
story of the happenings of the day ns well
in tne big convention as in the smaller
convention at Sacramento, together with
the briefer record of the day round the
world. Within two hours afterwai'd car
loads of papers were on the road to special
trains in waiting and these sped away at a
rate that in one instance at least broke all
records of speed on Western roads.
The twelve miles this side of Santa Clara
were made in nine and a half minutes.
During every day of the convention at Sac
ramento and every day of the carnival at
Santa Cruz, Tiik Call Was carried to those
cities hours ahead of every competitor and
arrived in time ior the earliest breakfast
table. The Call got the news and placed
it before the people quickly. It has tri
umphed under the greatest test that migbt
be placed upon it as v newspaper.
But it has done more than this, too. It
not only got the news, but it illustrated
it. A corps of artists pictured both con
ventions. At St. Louis Joseph Kahler,
the chief of the art department, told the
story of the passing bit of history in black
andwhite. The picture of McKinley that
occupied the full Hrst page of Friday's
special edition was drawn by Kahier from
life at the home of the nominee at Canton.
Mr. McKinley in giving a special sit
ting to the artist expressed his surprise
KEW TO-DAY- AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Wi& i-.nst^Tisa. KiiKM.s-ii, rroprieior &ilaaa»j:
BRILLIANT SCEMC PRODUCTION
Of the Operatic Spectacle,
""A TRIP TO THE MOON 77
—FILLED WITH ,
HONEST FUN! LOVELY SONGS!
GRACEFUL DANCES !
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!
Gorgeous Ballets ! Startling Effects!
A Pleasure Trip for Young and Old.
Fonular Price3— 2sc and 500.
O'Farrell Street,' Between Stockton and PowalL
Week Commencing Jlnndav, June 22,
THK BE!* I' ON EAKTII !
G— NEW BRILLIANT STABS 6
BILLY VAN, LILLIAN \V ESTRKN , STEWAKT
BISTERS, BIJIBD AM) TEHI, JIARLO-
DUNHAM FAMILY, and others.
25-GUEAT VAUDEVIILLE STARS-25
. Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
anil Box seats, 50c.
Regular Wednesday Matinees Beginning
. Jmm 24. _^
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
I^^SuT O. GrOOETSTIIKr.
. TO-NIGHT..... .......... .IN MIZZOUKA
i To-Morrow (Tuesday) Ev'g A GILDED FOOL ,
NEW TO-DAY.
I Naked Pills 1
>> are fit only, for naked say- $>
C ages. Clothes are the marks |!
>> of civilization—in pills as well <![
ft as people. A good coat does |>
£ not make a good pill, any more 4>
>> than good clothes make a good <,<[
Ji) man. But as sure as you'd /!'
ib look on a clothesless man as a v!
ij> mad one, you may look on a <y
V coatless pill as a bad one. (>
7^ After fifty years of test no $
$) pills stand, higher than . </
I AVER'S I
| Cathartic PiUs I
V) SUGAR COATED. »
|
I
I
that a San Francisco newspaper should
"come so far for his picture." He thought
it a remarkable exhibition of enterprise
and said he would look for its publication
with much interest.
But that was only Mr. McKinley's no
tion. The people of San Francisco think
little of it. They expect The Call to do
the thing the occasion demands. The
Call does it. The Call speaks for all and
to all.
Discraceful Conduct.
The passengers on the 6 o'clock ferry-boat
Oakland were greatly disturbed yesterday by
a gang of half-drunken hoodlums, who, with
their female companions, took possession of
tho cabin, and made the trip to San Francisco
hideous with street songs and noisy cat-calls
nnd laughter. The fellows unblushingly
drank vile whisky, spilling considerable oh
the floor in their struggles lor the bottle, and
hugged and kissed their gum-chewing fe
males. The deck steward asked two San Fran
cisco police officers to send the crowd to the
lower deck, but the latter did not interfere in
the matter.
NEW TO-I>AT—AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
at THE "-I ONE
v-/ IN L» I ■
Every Evening at 8:30. Matinee Satur-
day Only.
FOURTH ANNUAL TOUR OF
3ve:ou JOjEIIVT iDJ?&.zn\7U-
And his American Company—management
Chris. I'rotiman—presenting
"TOE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
By R. C. Carton, author of "Liberty Hall."
Mr. Drew's Company Includes: .Maud Adams,
Annie Irish, Gladys Wallis, Ethel Barrymore,
Ilajry Harwosd, Arthur Hyron, Lewis Baker,
Fra::k K. Lamb, Herbert Ayling, Graham Hender-
son, etc.
NOTE—On Monday, June 29, this Theater will
close for the usual summer holiday, and will reopen
Monday, July 27, with the New York Empire
Theater Company.
CALIFORNIA | AGAIN!
L R. STOCKWELL'S x °-!fIGHT-
Company of Players, I "THE
including » ■ l ■-<
11 BERT KELCEY, GREY
EFFIE SHANNON M A D "
And the Star Cast. lfir\ff\.«-«»
Glorious Comely, Unrestrained Laughter and
Exquisite Production.
Prices—lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
A choice seat in Balcony for 35c A good seat on
lower floor for TjOc. Matinees 'iso and 50c. •
' June 29—A decided novelty. First time hereof
■." A ISUXCII Of VIOLETS."
fR!CDLAiIOLR.<iQrnOD «* o>- u»t« ahd tvMtUi •' •
A ~~ IS
JAY IT
TOWN ?
Well. Come to Oar House, See the
Crowds, and Dispel That Illu-
sion From Your Allnds.
——Packed at Every Performance——
So Will It Be To-night When
LORDCHUMLEY
Will Haven Delightful I'resenintion by
THE FBAWLEY COMPANY!
Every Member of >an Francisco's Home Company
MAXINK ELLIOTT and FRANK WORTHING
. In a French One-Act Comedy,
"THE SILENT SYSTEM!"
ALWAYS NEW SCENERY.
ALWAYS NEW COSTUiIES.
Monday, June 89—'•1116 WIFE'S FATHFR." '
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTKIi MOROSCQ Sola Lu.-nea a;ij ilaiiaja:
THIS EVENING AT BIGHT*
FIRST PRODUCTION HERE
Of Harry Meredith's Latest Success,
A PERILOUS VOYAGE!
Special Engagement of t he Eminent Leading Men
WILLIAM L, KOBlil'.TS.
y.VJTNIKI* Priced— 253 »nl *V)~
Family Circle and Gallery. 10=.
Usual 3ln^inee-i SuturUiiy sad SilniUf,
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Folk and Van Ness Avenue.
\VM. K. Ji'HNS. Lessee and Manager.
JOE G. CHARTERS Assistant Manager
a puoninioi's SUCUK^S!
HOITSK CROWD*: TO TIIK DOORS!
HUNDKEiS TURNEI> AWAY!
' Standing Room Only at 7:45.
1 MIS MONDAY, JUNK 32
Every Evening aid Saturday Matinee.
America's Representative Irish Comedian,
Supported by MISS LOU RIPLBY and the PARK
THEATER STOCK COMPANY, in '
• "THE CRUISKEEN LAWN!"
POPULAR PRlCES—Evenlnsr, Reserved Seats,
15c an.!'2sc: Gallery, 10c. Matinee, Adults 15c,
Children 10c. ""•
Monday, June 29— "The Rambler From Clare."
Jittw f ate
OUR TROPICAL PALACE OPEN DAILY
FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Special Tunics for Ladies and Children.
Swimming Instructors Always Present.
. (ir.nid Klectrical Display Every Kvenlne.
DON'T AII.TO VISIT TKK GLASS EXHIBIT.
—GENEKAt. ADMISSION —
Adult*. lOc ' ■ ■ ■ Children, sc.
THE CHUTES.
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS until
completion of improvements.
Unless Otherwise Specially Stated.
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
T!i<.TTlS'oi-IIORSE BREEDERS' ASH.
RACES! jfet RACES!
June 27. 30; July 1, 2, 3. 4, 1896.
Creat races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present. aces begin at 2 o'clock. Mission-street
CRrs. Special train I:!.*) o'clock:.
■■ _ iii ■
IHIIIpHJI .^-..-lIIIII.IIIIHIIM IIHIMII
oppression, nnnrn nu
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc.. uulll-11 Ul
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, Oil POWDER.
PAris, J, ESPIC: New York, E. FOUUEttA.
■ & CO. bold by ail Druggist*
7
/8
CADETS RALLY
AT ST, PETER'S,
Give a Splendid Programme
Before a Large Au
dience.
FOUR ESSAYS ARE READ.
Creditable Literary Efforts De
livered in Masterly
Style.
WON BY SERGEANT CURTISS.
The Judges, However, Find Difficulty
in Determining the Excess
of Merits.
The large hall of St. Peter's Church re
sounded yesterday afternoon with the
martial clanking of swords and the
rhythmic tread of feet as Company I,
League of the Cross Cadets, marched in.
The occasion was a quarterly rally of the
league belonging to St. Peter's parish.
!'. R. Curtiss presided over the rally,
and introduced Thomas Fallen of the ex
ecutive committee, who explained briefly
the system of the essay contest to take
place. He stated that contests bad been
held in all the parishes and districts.
Tliis would complete the list, the final
contest to be held in the Mechanics' Pa
□ the second Sunday in August, when
a gold medal will be awarded by Arch
bishop Kionian to the best essayist.
The subject chosen for yesterday was:
"What Drunkenness Costs." Those who
read essays were Private Frank Smith,
cant A. E. Curtiss, Sergeant Tnomaß
G. Maguire and Private George Welch.
The programme was opened with a cor
net duet by Mes^Ts. Lye -tte and C;ttti^:tn.
Fr.ink then read his essay in a very
creditable manner. He stateu that two
month?' ul'siiuence by all the people in
this country would save enough money to
rebuild every city in the land should they
be razed to their foundations. Conclud
ing, he said alcohol was one of the great
est enemies of man; it inflames his
heart, destroys his stomach and deranges
his mind. "A drunkard it is written,''
c, "shall not inherit the kingdom of
heaven."
After an instrumental so!o by Miss
Coonan, Sergeant A. E. Curtiss took to
the platform. He spoke of the effects
alcohol has on the spiritual, moral and
physical nature of man. He said: "Go
into the jails, the almahouses and the in
eane asylums and see what drink has
wrought." He quoted statistics profusely
to prove the baneful and destructive in
fluence liquor has exerted on the world,
an.i closed with an eloquent peroration.
ceeding was a recitation: "Our De
fender.-,," by Master Charles Campbell.
Thomas B. Maguire tiien read bis pro
duction in which ne spuKe of the terrible
increase of intemperance with the growth
of a nation, finally ending in the nation's
ruin. "Intemperance brings men to the
lowest level," he said, "and costs man the
loss of love and virtue."
1 h:s was followed by a vocal solo by
John J. May, after whicb the last essay of
the contest was read by Private George
Welch. "Everywhere," said he, "in
dividuals with the brightest [prospects are
distroyed by liquor, the moderate drinkers
of this year are the drunkards of next."
Rev. Father Lyons then briefly ad
dressed the boys, saying: "It is well for a
boy to remember that in youth all the
habits that last through life are formed.
It is necessary that there be some safe
guards around him during this formation
period, and the greatest safeguard is tem
perance.' 1
A vocal solo was then given by Robert
Drady, followed by singing of the Glee
Club of St. Peter's parish, at the conclu
sion of which Professor Talt on behalf of
the judges informed the audience that
alter much difficulty they had decided
tbat the essay of Sergeant Curtiss, to
gether with his delivery, had won the con
test. This decision was hailed with a great
deal of applause. Rev. Father O'Ryan,
the spiritual leader of the League of St.
Peter'?, then made a few closing remarks,
in which he took occasion to compliment
the contestants on the tine manner with
which they acquitted themselves and said
that St. Peter's parish would send a con
testant to the Mechanics' Pavilion next
Augu.-t.
SPEEDY ROAD RIDERS,
Races of the Reliance, California
and Imperial Cyclers
Yesterday.
Lehner, Norton and Maack the Win.
ners, and Alexander Made the
Fastest Time.
There were three good cycle road-races
over the San Leandro way yesterday; good
because the races were speedy, contested
by large numbers of rideis aiid devoid of
accidents. The roads across the Day where
the eye'ers usually hold their road eventß
are not as good now as formerly. The
electric line has taken considerable space,
teaming has cut them up and the road
masters have capped the climax by spread
ing loose gravel here and there to fill in.
For these reasons the three cluoa which
held their events yesterday each took sep
arate courses, and the one on the lower
Mdc of tiie trianclt', from San Leanclro via
San Lorenzo to Haywards, proved to be
by far me best. The California Club's
riders went this way and their men made
by far the best time.
The first mcc ran off was that of the Re
liance Club Wheelmen of Oakland, the
stari being at 10:15 a. m. from Hi^h street,
Fruitvale, to San Leandro, and the result
will be seen t>y the loiiowing table:
Lehner and ihompson, who tinished
first and second respectively, rode abreast
for about a quarter of a mile from the
finish, each striving to pain a lead. They
collided not twent} 1 yards from the tape
and both fell, but pluckily jumped up and
dra ged their wheels to the line, thor
oughly exhausted but game to the end.
Lehner got tliere first uy a few inches. It
y\M.<* his first race. J. B. Brereion made
the best time of the race, covering the five
miles in 1.'J:47.
The Californias started their event at
11:05, from San Leandro, having twenty
nine entrants. The fastest riding was
done by P. G. Alexander and C. Birdsall.
the scratch men, the former making 12:34
for the five miles and Birdsall one-fifth of
a second slower.
The race was won by F. L. Norton with
a minute and a quarter handicap, who
jogged along over the course within nine
seconds of the scratch men himself.
The following table tells the tale:
The Imperials were the first to start,
leaving S;in Leandro about 11:16, with
handicap intervals from a few seconds to
two minutes. There were forty-five en
trants in this race, the most ever entered
in a club race on the coast. Of these forty
one faced the starter and thirty-six fin
ished, a very good showing. Of the miss
ing ones, the usual tales of punctures and
tumbles were told, but no one was hurt.
The men took the direct road from San
Lea>;aro to Haywards, and it was in very
poor shape for racing, so that their times
were not fast. W. Maack, with fifteen
seconds' handicap, won the race and made
the fastest time, 13:14, as well, an unex
pected and unusual occurrence. J.J. Bor
ree, with the same handicap, was only a
second behind. The finishes in the Im
perial race were close and exciting, as the
riders came in in bunches of five to ten.
The following is the table:
\\ bile the road races yesterday inter
ested many and attracted lots of wheel
men, there were several runs of the other
big clubs that were well attended. The
Olympics and Acmes had a joint run to
Trocadero, near In^leside, and the Bay
Citys went to San Mateo; the Alameda
Cyclers touring to Mih Valley. Altogether
it was a lively day :or the wheelmen and
next Sunday bids fair to be equally as act
ive v far as this particular sport is con
cerned.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT,
Hawaiian Islands Sugar Fleet
Overdue Owing to Head
Winds.
Setting Up New Pumps for Raising
the Blairmore — Crowds Visit
the Sunken Vessel.
Head winds are evidently sweeping over
ttiis part of the Pacific, as a fleet of sugar
vessels are now overdue from the Hawaiian
Islands. The non-arrival of these vessels
while not causing any anxiety on the part
of their consignees or agents is causing a
shortening down of su^rar cargoes for the
refinery, and a further delay of the island
inbound craft might slack up operations
at the mills.
The trip should consume from fifteen to
eighteen days under ordinary conditions,
but some of the vessels are already far over
that period. The bark Annie Johnson is
still out twenty-one days from Hilo, while
the fast-sailing schoner Muriel is twenty
five days from Honoipu.
From Honolulu is due the bark Mohi
can, twenty-six days out; the bark Alden
Besse, twenty-rive days; the schooner
Aloha, twenty-five days; the barkentine
Archer, twenty-one days. From Mahu
koua is the brig Consueio, out twenty-one
days.
When it is remembered that these ves
sels are good sailers and in the habit of
making their trips within a certain limit,
it may be that unfavorable winds or
stormy weath er are keeping them away
from rort.
A large number of rowing and sailing
boats and launches went out to the sunken
Blairmore yesterday, but the visitors saw
only ?e\eral feet of water rolling over the
wreck. Captain Whitelaw found that an
other steam pump must be mounted over
the luckless ship, and to fit its air and
water pipes the hull had to be opened, and
.this let the wreck sink back into the bay.
All day yesterday the three captains,
Whitelaw, Burns and Caw, with their gang
of machinists and wreckers, worked over
and in the submerged craft like beavers.
The men in their brass helmets and rubber
clothes were below running new pipes into
the huli. while the others fitted the now
machinery into place, it will be readily
understood how difficult is this work wnen
it is explained that the men worked in
several feet of water, and often the divers
in all their submarine tops were required
to assist in setting the great pumps into
pOMtUoII.
When all the three machines are in op
eration tliey will discharge thirty-six tons
of water a minute, and if the airpumps
work successfully it is expected that a few
hours' work next Tuesday will bring the
Blairmore to the surface.
No effort has yet been made to till the
counterbalance tankg built over the bull,
as it is not intended to right the vessel un
til she is in shallow water. Then over a
hundred tons of water will be pumped
into the tanks, and this weight sinking
downward will roll the hull toward an
even keel. Captain Burns is very san
guine that the work of recovering the
Blairmore will be completed next Wednes
day.
Mi-s Redmond Will Stay Away.
Miss Mary K. Redmond, who has begun the
suit for $50,000 ilamage.s for breach of promise
of marriage against Thomas Carter, the wealthy
carbuilder and gener.il contractor, will not re
turn to the City soon. She is now vaiiously
reported to be in Los Angeles and San Rrmon.
will remain away from San Francisco till
the case comes up for trial. T:.is is the advice
of her attorneys. Mrs. Wells, tlie proprietress
of the lodging-house on Mason street where
the pretty milliner has rooms, says Miss Red
mond will return only the day beiore the trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
YOUNG POLITICAL
BUSINESS MEN,
Organized for the Success
of the Republican
Party.
FOR HOME PROTECTION.
They Are Not Aspirants for
Elective or Appointive
Offices.
" M'KINLEY AND HOBART."
The Already Familiar Cry Will Be
Their Motto in the Coming
Campaign.
The young business men of the City who
heretofore have refrained from joining any
of the many Republican clubs have organ
ized what they term the "Young Men's
Republican League."
This organization advocates " protec-
OFFICERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
tion" as one of its fundamental principles,
1 and will vote for no man who favors free
| trade. Its members are decidedly opposed
j to the dumping of manufactured goods on
American shore?, by which the American
workmen would be reduced to a condition
I of pauperism.
The present stagnation in every line of
business produced by the suicidal policy
of Grover Cleveland and his Democratic
advisors have impressed these youn? San
Franciscans with the necessity of banding
I themselves together the better to cast
I their political influence for the candidate
on the Presidential ticket that will resur
rect the industries of the Nation to that
happy condition that they were in before
the Democratic party obtained National
power.
With this object in view the Young
Mtn's Republican League was organiz d
on September 15, 1896, with the following
officers:
President, Frank K. Spencer; first vice
president, George E. Moynihan ; second
vice-president, L. A. Bell; secretary. A. E.
Day; treasurer, John L. Lounibas; chair
man of executive committee, E. C. McCol
lough, and sergeant-at-arm9, E. Kemp.
The organizers of this league with those
who will join it from the ranks of the
young business men of the City are not
candidates for any political office, elective
or appointive, but have united for the
good and welfare of the Republican party
and with the avowed purpose of maintain
ing as far as they can the spirit of clean
i politics, and electing none but honorable
' men to office.
The membership of the lengue is not
confined to any one Assembly district or
Congressional division, but is open to any
and all young business men irrespective of
sectional lines.
With this broad area and the number of
available material in the commercial
walks of life, it is fair to presume that the
Young Men's Republican League of 1896
will be a welcome adjunct to the party
about to assume control of this Govern
ment.
SCANDINAVIAN CHARACTER
Its Bearing Upon the Origin of
the Lutheran Reforma
tion.
Mrs. Beck-Meyer Contrasts the Char
acters of Southern and Baltic
Peoples.
The pulpit of the First English Lutheran
Church on Geary street near Octavia was
occupied last night by Mrs. Beck-Meyer, a
Scandinavian lady who represented three
Scandinavian countries at the Interna
tional Woman's Congress at the World's
Fair.
Mrs. Beck-Meyer, who is at present a
special lecturer at Stanford University, is
thoroughly conversant with all the details
of Scandinavian history as well as with
European history in the time of the
Reformation. A native of Denmark she
speaks fluently the Danish tongue, yet her
English is faultless and spoken with but
an occasional accent.
Her subject last evening was the "Scan
dinavian Reformation and Its Relation to
Our Times and Country." She treated the
subject of the Reformation rather from the
standpoint of National character and
customs than from a purely historical
standpoint. She demonstrated that the
Reformation, far from being as some have
claimed, tne result of the efforts of a few
individuals who aimed at political ends,
was the natural and necessary result of
certain deepiy-rixed traits in the Scandi
navian character.
"The difference between the Catholic
and Lutheran religions," said Mrs. Beck-
Meyer, "id based upon the difference be
tween the countries in which the two re
lieions prevail. Just as the same treat
ment of all the children of a iauiily can
not be to the interests of all, so the same
ecclesiastical rule of two nations so widely
differine as the Southern and Baltic peo
ples is an impossibility.
''In the sunny South, where life is spent
in the open air, the outward form of beauty
is sought and worshiped. In the North,
where the Teutonic peoples are sur
rounded with mountains and ice; where
there is a continual strife and struggle for
existence; where for days the cottagers
must remain snow and ice-bound within
their four walls, they soon realized the
necessity of looking within themselves for
beauty. In history, accordingly, we find
the northern .peoples were possessed of
strong personality, the necessary result of
such self-examination.
"The Catholic religion satisfied the
Southern natures. Its beautiful pictures
gratified their love of external beauty. Its
Latin hymns were in a mother tongue to
them. The institution of the confessional
satisfied them as words of forgiveness to a
child will satisfy him and cause him to
forget his wrong.
"With the Northern people it was differ
ent. The beautiful pictures did not satisfy
their longing for beauty within. They did
not understand the Latin hymns that fell
so musically upon the Southern ear.
They demanded something that appealed
to the individuality, to the conscience, and
rather than rest satisfied with forgiveness
of previous transgres.-ions, the Northern
people, on account of the strength of
their character, wanted more than to hear
beautiful stories of the Child of
Bethlehem— they wanted the open Bible,
that they might meet that Savior and
know the man."
THE VICTORIOUS CALLS.
An Accident Mars the Sport in Which
the Examiners Won.
Yesterday mornine The Calls baseball
team defeated the "Stars" at, the Presidio
grounds by a score of 9to 3. In the after
noon they played the Examiners at the
Sixteenth-street grounds, during which
The Calls were in the lead and had their
opponents at their mercy with a splendid
chance of carrying home all the honors
when a line ball in the fourth inning hit
Pitcher Whaley of The Calls' thumb,
splitting it open, thereby preventing him
from continuing the play. This, as a mat
ter of course, gave the advantage to tlie
Examiners and they were declared the
winners by a score of 15 to 7.
OBSERVANCE OF SUNDAY,
i
Rev. Mr. Callis, a New Co ored
Pastor, Sees a Lack of
It Here.
In Many Other Respects, He Says, San
Francisco Excels Eastern
C ties.
Rev. H. J. Callis, the new pastor of the
African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church,
comes from Ithica, N. Y. Like a great
many Eastern people who do not know
anything of California and San Francisco,
Rev. H. J. CalHs.
Rev. Callis came here expecting to meet
men wearing wide-brimmed hats above a
belt full of pistols, and about half fearing
to be "held up."
"Instead of that," said the colored
bearer of the cross yesterday with a hearty
laugh, "I find a condition of society and a
state of material progress in some respects
superior to the East. You have greater
physical development than many Eastern
cities.
"But I observe that human life is not so
sacred here as it is in the East. The num
lier of murders and suicides tell the story.
I can hardly pick up a newspaper without
rinding an account of a new murder or
another suicide.
Compared with Eastern cities also the
observance of Sunday is not so general
here. I think this lack of Sunday observ
ance tends to increase crime. Business
goes on here Sunday the same as on week
days, except among the leading mer
chants, the bin retail stores and the whole
sale houses. I think I shall preach a se
ries of sermons on Sunday observance be
fore long.
"Golden Gate Park," he said, "has ad
vantages not possessed by Central Park
in New York, and I do not know of an
other such attraction in tlie country as the
Cliff."
Rev. Mr. Callis was born in Matthews
County, Va., of slave parents about the
year 1858. At the close of the war he was
taken to New * ork by Captain Cutt of
Massachusetts, an officer in the Northern
army. Subsequently he : found a home
among the farmers of Suffolk County,
Long Island, N. Y. He became a student
at Hampton, Va., in 1875, irom which he
was graduated in 1879. After teaching in
his native State for some time he returned
to New York. '■••; v A ■
For nearly eight years prior to his en
tering the ministry he was in the employ
of the East Side Savings Bank of Roches
ter, N. Y.
■ •— ♦ — •— — : . ■
Three-quarters of a second is the time
occupied by the fall of the knife in the
guillotine. The knife is weighted by 120
pounds of leau, falls nine feet and cuts
through flesh and bones as easily as
through a bar of soap.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
Uncertainty Regarding Tax
Levy Injurious to
Business.
AUCTION OF COUNTEY LANDS.
A Portion of the Farxous Murphy
Ranch to Be Sold Next
Saturday.
Extreme dullness characterizes the real
estate market at present, and until the
uncertainty regarding the next tax levy is
removed there will be no improvement.
Brokers are beginning to feel hopeful that
the emphatic protest that has been made
against the proposed big levy will carry
sufficient weight with the Supervisors to
induce them to try and reduce the rate
rather than increase it. If this can be
accomplished it will no douht create more
confidence in real estate investments, and
with the prevailing low prices a much
desired impetus should be given the
market.
But even should this year be safely
passed over and the tax rate made satis
factory the fear of a big levy in succeed
ing years will yet continue to be a menace
to investments in San Francisco realty
from year to year, until some other means
are adopted for raising money for perma
nent improvements.
I |A large portion of the amounts called for in
the estimates mnde of money required for
municipal expenses the coming year are tor
what may be clashed as permanent improve
ments. The.«« include the repairing of ac
cepted streets, the new municipal building,
Golden Gate purk improvements, etc. If the
City could be bonded for a sufficient sum to
make nil tnese improvements at once and have
it over with, it would effect a very material
reduction in the tax rate for years to come. It
is only by passing the new charter that all this
can be accomplished with satisfaction and
profit to the tax-payers 01 San Francisco.
No city lias a liner future than this City has,
and for this reason judicious investments in
realty here mean an assurance amounting to a
certeinty of a handsome profit through
enhancement of values. A high tax rate is
just now the one chiei discouragement to the
purchase of. real estate. With this evil re
moved, a marked revival in the market would
immediately take place.
The unnecessarily high tux rate of last year
place 1 - San Francisco at a disadvantage when
comparisons 0/ the tax rate of this and Eastern
cities 01 approximate size are made. It looks
worse wheii such comparisons are made than
it really is, for it is almost the invariable rule
that where 11 low tax rate prevails there is a
considerable bonded indebtedness. San Fran
cisco hat no indebtedness to speak of, but, in
stead, pursues the unwise plan ot raising by
taxation iroin rear to year sums needed ior
permanent improvements, instead of raising
the money on bonds. If the latter plan were
pursued it would remove the bifrden of pay
ment for permanent improvements to a future
generation, which is but just and right, since
they would bi equally beiietited by such im
provements, while, in the nature of tilings,
values are certain to increase with the growth
of population, thus making ;he property bet
ter ai-'e in the future to pay for these improve
men ts than it is at present.
Real estate owners and dealers generally are
in invor of bonding the City, but realize that
it ought not to be done under the present form
of municipal government. For this and other
equally goiid reasons they are advocating
earnestly the adoption of the new charter.
The many evils that its adoption will remedy
will have a most substantial ana beneficial ef
fect upon real pstßte values in San Francisco.
RKVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
Eighty-six mortgages aggregating $184,023
were recorded last week. The principal ones
and the security given were:
By the Hibernih Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at tij 2 per ceut, $10,000 on prop
erty at tne southuest co.ner of Fillmore street
and Golden Gate even tie, south 137:6 by west
137:6; by Allen L. ilayward, for three years
at iiy 2 P er ceal, $12, 230 on property on the
west line of Mason street, L6l:Sg£ ftet north of
Sutter, north '24:11J 2 by w«st 8^ :6, and by A.
C. Freese, administrator estate of Frank M.
Bee, for . six mouths at 7 per cent, $10,000 on
property at the southeast corner of Sutter and
Oiuavia streets, east -5 by south 110.
The releases filed last week numbered thirty
eight, aggregating $20-, 674. The larger ones
were:
By the French Rank to Colombe M. Berber,
$11,500 on property at the southwest corner of
Fell and Franklin streets, south 120. west 80,
north 30, east 20, north 90 and east 55; by the
German Savings and Loan Society to Phoebe A.
und W. R. lU'urst, $100,000 on property on
southwest line oi Ninth street, 60 northwest of
Sheridan, northwest 100 by southwest 100;
southeast line of Ixwln, 275 northeast of Sev
enth street, northeast 275 by southeast 240;
all of outside land blocks 1113 to 1116, 1183
to 1185, 1187. 1190, 1191, 1250 to 1256; undi
vided two-iifths of blocks 554, 557, 569 to
575,578 to 584,591 to 596. 5i»9 to 605. 609
to 615, 622 to 025, Bay View Tract; lot 12
in biock 537, Bay View Homestead Asso
ciation; lot 08 in block 559, lutr. 25 nnd 26
in block 560, lot 34 in block 560, lots 4 to 7in
block 561, lots 8 to 11 in block 561, lots 12 to
15 in block 561, losl7and 18 in block 561,
lots 19 and 2v> in block s6l, hits 24, 25 and 26
in block 561, lots 28 to 31 in block 561, lot- 15
to 18 and 27 to 31 in block 551, lots 22 to 27
in blrck 552, -ots 6 to 9, 18 to 16, 27. 28, 42,
43, 46 iiiKi 47 in block 553, lots 9, 12. 13 16 to
19, 31 to 35. AS to 42 in block 558, lots 3 to 12
in block 559, Bay Park Homestead Associa
tion; ml .nterests in lots 21 and 22 in block
11, Mint Tract Association.
Ninety-seven transfers were recorded last
week.
There were eleven building contracts (Sled
last week, calling for a total expenditure ot
$34,041. The particulars of these contracts
were as usual published in The Call the days
they were filed.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
There will be an opportunity this week to
demonstrate whether there is any mor.- of a
demand ior choice country lands than there is
City property. It will be on Saturday next,
the 2< th ins;., the occasion being the auction
sale by Euston, Eldridge & Co. of some 400
acres of the famous Murphy ranch in the Santa
Clara Valley. This ranch, as is well known,
comprises the very cream of that garden spot
of California. It is but eight miles distant
irom San Jose, and there is a railroad station
on the property. It has been divided into
tracts of ten acres and upward, and will be
offered in these parcels. The soil is rich and
prolific, and the property is in every respect
the choicest that could be obtained for the lo
cation 01 an ideal country Dome. Easton, El
dridge & Co. will run a special excursion train
on the day of the sale, and the rate for the
round-trip will be but one dollar. The train
will leave the Third and To\»nsend-street depot
at 10 a. m., and returning will leave Murphys
at 3:30 P. M.
Fitchburg, the popular and prosperous sub
urb on the other side of the bay, is in a very
flourishing condition, and at the present rate I
of growth bids fair to become one of the most !
desirable residence sections in Alameda
Couniy. Its location is such that its future
I greatness seems well assured. It is but forty
five minutes distant from San Francisco, it
hap waier transportation facilities, is on the
line of the Southern Pacific and also on the
! line of the Oakland, San Leitndro and Hay
wardH electric road. It is regularly iaid out
into blocks and lots bourded by wide streets,
graded and graveled and ornamented With
shade trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves. Among the improvements alreudy |
built and under way are a hotel, a school, a j
church, stores and many residences. The lots
are 25 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet
deup. They are selling at from $125 per lot
upwards, the terms being 10 per oent cash and
the balance on easy installments. Detailed
information can be obtained from W. F. Mc-
Clure, 19 Montgomery street, or Thad S. Fitch,
at Fitchburg.
I. SeJig is about to make improvements on
his property nn the northwest corner of Fulton
street and Van Nefg avenue, the cost of which
will be from $25,000 to $30,000. The plans of
the new structure are by ML J. Lyon, the archi
tect. A portion of the old improvements now
on the lot, consisting of halt a dozen old
houses, will be torn down. Those of the houses
that remain are to be moved to the rear, where
they will occupy a depth of forty feet, the size
of the entire lot being 109:9 by 120. The new
improvements are to consist of a three-story
building of ornamental exterior substant ally
finished. The ground floor will be divided
into five >>tores and the two upper floors will
contain five flats each— ten in all. Work will
be commenced in a few days.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have had placed
in their hands for sale the property of the
Rosenl.aum and Brandenstein estates, located
on the north line of Broadway, botweenSteiner
and Pierce streets. It hns been subdivided
and its location is such that a beautiful marine
view can be had from any point on the premi
ses. r
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have sold for H C
Cami bell, attorney for the San Francisco Sav
ings union, to Supreme Court Commissioner
E. W. Britt the lot, 40x127 :?'.£, at the north
west corner of Kroderick street and Pacific
avenue, the consideration being $8500. It is
Mr. Bntt's intention to erect a hand«ome resi
dence on the property in the near future.
A deed of trust was recorded last Thursday,
the ISth inst., whereby Edward L. and Kate
D. T. Goodsell translerred to the People's Trust
Company of Brooklyn, New York, property in
outside lands blocks 936, 958, 960, 961."96 ii
and 784, in Potrero Nuevo block 82 and in
Mission block 176. There are fifty bonds of
$1000 each, which are to run ior ten years at 6
per cent interest.
Ellen L. Wayward has sold to Andrew Jack
son for $17,255 property, on the west line of
Mason street, 162 feet uorth of Sutter, 2sxß7:o.
A six-story and basement brick and iron
building i* being ended on the south side ot
Market street, just west of Steiiar 1 , by Harriet
M< farty. It will cost about fjvtO.OOO. ~
The contractors who have the contract for
grading the old Bay District rncetrack arc
placing their machinery at the corner of Point
Lobos and First avenue*, and the hie skihl hili
there will be cut down and tne sand pb.ced
upon the Bay District track ground*. The
latterare considerably below srrnde and \vi:i
require a gi od deal of tiling, and the oppor
tunity is an excellent one to eet rid of the un
nghtiy hill that has for sc many years marred
the appearance of that portion of Richmond
District.
At the sixth annual meeting of Capital
Buildinp and Loan Association, held June 10,
the following gentlemen were elected direc
tors: L. R. Eiiert, Harrison A. Jones, J. D.
Maxwell, Herman Shninwald, S. C. Buckbee,
Leou Green berjr. Joseph Figel, Charles L. l>avis
and HugoD. Kcil. The company's capital stock
statement shows the present value of shares as
follows :
EIGHTY DOCTORS COMING.
Eclectics From Their Annual
Convention to Arrive
To-Day.
Professor John Uri L!oyd, Author
of the Weird Romance "Eti
dorpha," Already Here.
About efghty physicians, accompanied
by a number of their friends, will arrive
here at 9 o'clock this morning from Castle
Craigs, where they made a short visit on
tueir way from Portland, Or., the scene of
the recent twenty -sixth annual convention
of the National Eclectic Medical Associ
ation of America.
They came out from the East as a special
party, and are taking in al! the places of
interest along a roundabout route, selected
because of scenic attractions. The party
will make the Palace Hotel its headquar
ters durinpa stay of nearly two days in this
City.
Several of the party have already ar
rived, having come direct from Portland.
Among the number is Professor John
Uri Lloyd of Cincinnati, Ohio, who is
taking advantage of the opportunity and
the company to see the country. He is
professor of pharmacy in the Cincinnati
College of Pharmacy and professor of
chemistry in the Eclectic Medical Insti
tute at Cincinnati. At one time he was
president of the American Pharmaceutical
Institute.
The author of a number of works on
chemistry, pharmacy, and drues, he has
recently attracted a pood deal of attention
in the East by a strange and fearfully
romantic realistic literary conception en
titled "Etidorpna," a book tbat first ap
peared four months ago in a subscription
edition, but which has already exhausted
its sixth edition of 60C0 copies. The title
of the book is the goddess of love spelt
backward. Its subject-matter is said to be
a peculiarly subtle product of the realm of
the laboratory, and withal a purely scien
tific dissertation.
Bitten bj a Dog.
Henry Brannan, a nine-year-old boy, who
resides with his parents as 961 Folsom street,
had a portion of his left ear bitten off by a
vicious dog which was running at large in the
vicinity of his hurae. The injured boy
was treated at the Receiving Hospital.
The white rhinoceros has become nearly
extinct. There are two stuffed specimens
in England and one in the Cape Town
museum. It is the largest species of the
genus.
ffigtepl
urtflt-
Iwttiioii
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
hcts to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
•along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
FI FTY- DOLLAR
pPii^ljELECTllie BELTS
11^" : U?ci^tfcsrJI^W tT OR • 1? ' jr); HO -BELTS
r for *20. and *30 Belts
rt^M%9JSss*3r" : for ' 15; a 'sogood belts for
"~j*f* j^fctt— />\y^ $5. Latest patent and all
' " <JuM. improvements. S3f Call
■^Ajti or write fey new pamphlet
PIERCE & SON. 704 Bac?amento si.*! to? Kelrrfy,
second, third and fourth floors. San tranciaco.
■■ PILLS,
I.^vegetable>1 .^ vegetable> mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete , digestion and absorption of the ; food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and renderthe Bowel*
natural in their operat on without griping :•
■' "'■■: ■ ' '■' "'■", ti- '■ '--""""-" : ■■ " '- "- ■■■■■■ ■ - -...:■... ■'■
NEW TO-PAY.
"statementF
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
, Fire Insurance Company
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
U Pennsylvania, on the 31st d«y of December,
A D 1895 and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance commissioner of the State
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
i tions 610 «nd 611 of the Political (ode condensed
as per blank furnished By the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
Am ( 0 L h. o^ Cttr .'. t . alB . t . < '. C ' t .'. P . aid " P -! n t»oo-ooo 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ... 255.014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,101,254 18
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company....... 789,916 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. °°"l"?, "V
Cash in Company's Office il'SSs -Z
Cash la Banks •• 7M83 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 04j * yu
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ••••• 21.695 <9
Premiums in due Course of Coliec-
don Hl.oio oi
Rents due and accrued i'i.>n nn
(.round Kents well secured 6,320 00
Total assets $2,409,584 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,556 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or _
In suspense 122,5 4H *■>
Losses resisted, including expenses. '2b, 1-8 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risk  run-
ning one year or less, $957,-
-219 08. reinsurance 60 percent. 478,609 51
Gross premiums on Fire Kinks run-
ning more th.in one year, ?8f 0,-
-217 11, relnsurnnce pro raia .. 374,248 11
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 563,632 17
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to becomeaue 13,742 41
Total liabilities $1,600.466 64
INCOME. ~~ ~~~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 69,485 06
Rereivtd lor interest an. dividends
on Beads, f-tocks, Loans, and
from all otb- r sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
miums 5,192 92
Received from all other sources 8,9*21 05
Total income. ♦1/298.840 76
EXPEJfDITUKES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including *'.»06,39V SI losses ot
previous years) W26.672 70
Divi.iends to Stockholders 27,500 00
Paid or owed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,185 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and o:her
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 103,750 00
Paid for titaie, National and local
taxes: 32,093 97
All other Payments and expendi-
tures 100,993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,196 »7
Fire Losses incurred
during the year $790.514 &0
BISKS AND PBK- I
miums. j Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of! !
Risks written dur- '
in;; the year. j $114,799,046 $1,460,028 76
I Net amount of!
Risks expired dur- 1
ins the ye r I 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in
fore- December j
31, 18<)5 I 146,568,897 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MON l GOMERY, President.
RICHARD MAIUs, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
I of January, 1896.
H. F. KE,\ RDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
Fire iii Life Insurance Company
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE 31 ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that dry, .is made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of th- State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Fo-
litital Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner. - ,-.. ';
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
incash $533,333 83
ASSKTS.
i Real estate owned by company $742,f>33 33
j Loans on bond mid mortgage 1,999,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
oonds owned by company 1,607,348 35
: Amount of loans secured by pledge
j of bonds, stocks and o her market-
able securities as collateral 762,553 46
Cash in company's office » 3,682 32
Cash in banks 230,666 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loins 59,466 78
j Premiums in due course of collec-
| tion 39,204 64
! Bills receivable, no: matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 148,692 83
Due from other companies -218,363 73
Total assets. $5,802*456 88
LIABILITIES. '
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense $93,333 38
Gross premiums on fire risks run-")
ning one year or less, reinsur- j
-ancesoper cent I .„. ._-, ,„
j Gross premiums on fire risks run- f •■*-ii«"« on
ning more than one year, rein- I
■ surance pro rat a J
j Liability under life department.. .. 3,818,829 04
I Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,65- 80
All other demands against the com-
pany 328,235 41
Total liabilities $4,568,451 16
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,169,325 19
' Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources. 414,389 65
'' Received . for life insurance tire-
miums 559.947 39
i Total income. $2,148,663 23
EXPENDITURES.
! Net amount paid for fire losses $583,502 59
Dividends to stockholders. 32,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 315,049 64
: Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 167,556 59
A lu.?es ler . P *f: me '' tS . and .!' P^: 1,035,982 67
Total expenditures. .$2.124,091 49
—^— ______ — - ■ .
bisks * premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
j Net i.numn' of risfes
year?. 1 ..! !!!^. 6 $363,521,590 $1,659,334 51
Net amount of risks
yea^. re<i .. dUri ." Srh . c 171.674,582 747.924 61
Net amount in 1895. 161.354,999 421,400 58
December 31, 1895. \ 161,354,999 421.400jg
' T. ED LEVISSON, Vice-President.
M. oi.BKRs. Secretary.
Subs«:lbed and sworn to before me, this Btn day
' of April, 1b96.
GUDJI. AKKKJIARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
' GENERAL AGENTS,
4 07— 409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FiCAXCISCO.
COSMOPOIiITAKT.
' Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 FHlfi Jt, H*l
*ranclsco,Cal. —The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 5J pae
day, according to room. Meals 25a Koom*, »Jj
and 760 a day. Jfre« coach to and from taa hotai.
look for the couch bearing the n«m« of tne 00*
I agpgllttui Hoi*!. Wl2 i'AliiiV. rroprlatOA"FIRST BE LOYAL
TO THE HOME,"
Edwards Davis of Oakland
Speaks at Metropolitan
Temple.
DRAMATIC ELOQUENCE.
Promises Something Sensational
for Next Sunday's
Meeting.
REV. MR. RUSSELL SPEAKS.
Declares the A. P. A. Is Not Per
secuting but Trying to Free
the Irishman.
Owing to the fact that the Good Citizen
ship meeting had not been advertised ir
the papers there was but a small audienc<
yesterday afternoon at Metropolitan Tern
pie. The address which Edwards Davis o
Oakland was to have given was postponed
until next Sunday, but the Oaklanc
preacher made a few extemporaneous re
marks which were enthusiastically re
ceived by the audience.
In bis opening remarks Chairman Quit
zow said: "You may wonder how it v
that there are so few here to-day. It ma\
be on account of the beautiful weathei
outside and it also may be through m\
neglect to put the customary notice in th<
papers. Doubtless many failing to see the
notice thought that the meetings had beer
discontinued. Such, however, is not th<
case.
"The principle which you find stated ai
the head of our programme, although
often misunderstood and misinterpreted
is the same grand principle enunciated bj
Jesus Christ, when he said: 'Render untc
Caesar the things which are C:e?ar's, and
unto God the things which are God's.' li
is the great principle of Christian citizen
ship."
After the singing of "America" by the
audience. Rev. A. Ml. Russell led in prayer,
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean" wa;
next sung, and Rev. Mr. Russell made c
few preparatory remarks. He paid a
strong tribute to the speaker of the after
noon, Edwards Davis.
"Our aim is not persecution," said Mr,
Russell. "I want to say right here thai
such is not our purpose, especially in rela
tion to the Irish, many of whom believt
we are persecuting them. The Irish are s
generous and impulsive nation, but Ire
land is not free, atid our aim is to free il
lrom the domination of the Pope.
"I want to say just a few words about a
matter which appeared in a Catholic pa
per of this City called tne Examiner. Mr.
V orke in his speech in the Examiner yes
terday was very anxious to brim: into*th«
foreground his loyalty to the flag. I am
glad that we have succeeded in making
the Catholics appreciate and revere the
flag. Of course, you know that the
Catholics must be sincere in their pro
testations of loyalty.
■•While the irishman lives in Ireland
let him have his green flag. When the
Frenchman lives in France let him have
his tricolor, but when they come to this
grand country of ours, this asylum ol
liberty, let them know no other flag than
Old G*lory."
Chairman Quitzow announced that owins
to the sma'.l number present the addres;
of Edwards Davi3 on "Ntw America,"
which was to have been eiven yesterday,
•would be postponed until next Sunday,
Mr. Davis was present, however, and con
sented to make a few extemooraneou;
remarks in the course of which he said :
"We have come to condemn the Roman
Catholic church because of the lascivious
ness and sin of some of its members. But
we do not mean to say that no Roman
Catholic is trying to do good. Far from
it. Our work is not to attack the Catholic
church, but to attack wrong wherever il
may be found.
"The American Protective Association
is based upon principles to which every
''. iir:stiau American citizen can sub
scribe. Yet, even in your oreaniza
tion, tnere is inconsistency and hypo
crisy among one or more of voui
members. So far as your principles
are true and good lam your friend. But
where there is hypocrisy among you I am
your enemy. I should ratner be even your
enemy than to fail in my duty toward God.
"The Romish Churchand the Church ol
the Universe will never go arm in arm.
God's Church is infinite and can never be
the church of Sj.n Francisco, of Oakland,
of New York, of London, of Rome. 1 be
lieve that there is a great principle that
you all must learn — that you have a per
sonal responsibility to your God.
"Next Sunday afternoon I shall have
something to tell you which may justify
the opinion that I am a sensational
preacher. 1 shall tell you some things
which I believe about prohibition and
women's rights. I shall not tell you now
what side I shall take, for you wouid be
angry beforehand with me. Bat in re
gard to women's rights, I would not say,
as an Oakland preacher recently said when
called upon, that I am in favor of women's
rights, but cannot pray for them. Rathei
than do this I would have prayed, '0
Ixjrd, show these women the folly of their
■■
"I believe that every man owes a higher
allegiance than to his State or to his
church. I believe that a man should be
untrue to his church and a traitor to his
country rather than be untrue to his
home. But no man can be true to America
or to hie church who is not true to his
home, his wife and his child.
"Therefore 1 attack unreservedly the
church of Rome. And if God snail give
me a blast of eloquence no voice phail be
s-tronger in denouncing Catholicism than
mine. I maintain that neither Catholic
priest nor Protestant elder or deacon Ikis
the right to say to any one 'Do this' or
•I)o that.' My creed is broader than my
conception, and so I beiieve that not only
in the Romish church, but in all churches,
there shall come a blast against hypocrisy
and bigotry and iniquity.
"I believe that tiie American Protective
Association is the undefined chrysalis of
such a principle as I have dwelt upon.
We are dwellers not of the earth, but oi
the universe; not of America, but of the
world. It is not only for tie United
States that we are contending. We are
driving for the betterment of Italy and
-pain and Portugal and South America a3
well. We are working not only^forthe
! re.-ent time, but for all futurity."
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL
Merchants Will Be A»ked to Contribute
lawanl the Kxpeime Fund.
Offer* of Theaters.
Chairman K. B. Soule of the finance
",mmitteeof the Carnival of the Golden
Gate bas prepared an address to the busi
■nen of this City informing them of
the details of the coming carnival, and
further notifying them that they will be
railed upon shortly to contribute toward
the necessary expenses attendant upon
the week of festivities.
Mr. Soule takes the broad ground that
other cities which hold tnese carnivals an
nualiy find them a most profitable invest
ment for all classes of business. He gives
the figures obtained from various sources,
showing the attendance on the principal
days and showing the increase in bank
clearances immediately following carni
val week. The letter presents many .
strong arguments for liberal subscriptions.
The committee on theatrical benefits, !
consisting of Oscar Boidemann, David
Rich and I. L. Rosenthal, has secured two
more offers of assistance from the theaters.
Walter .Morosco told the committee when
it called to name the date, and the Grand
Opera-house from pit to dome, including
all the company and every accessory,
would be at its disposal.
W. E. Johns, the proprietor of the Park
Theater on Grove street, also offered to
place his establishment in the hands of
the theatrical committee for any night
they might name within the next ween or
two. Alfred Bouvier, representing the
Hayman interests in this Ciiy, has sent a
telegram to Mr. Hayman telling him of
the visit of the committee and asking
power to act.
An address to the manufacturers of the
State is in the hands of the corresponding
secretary. That oliicer desires manufac- j
turers handling carnival to send j
price lists and information regarding their
specialties for the guidance of the decora
tion committee. Eastern manufacturers
of decorations, buttons and badges have
already sent their price lists to headquar
ters, but not a single local manufacturer
of any class of goods bas called or written
to ask if he could supply anything.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING,
Testimonial Musicale on Pacific
Avenue for Mrs. E.
Hatch.
Serenade and Reception at Elmburst
Complimentary to a Newly Mar
ried Couple.
Mrs. E. Hatch was e;iven a delightful
testimonial by her pupils at the home of
Mrs. J. B. Homes, on Pacific avenue, last
Wednesday evening. The music hall was
tastefully decorated with cut flowers and
La France roses, and small flags fluttered
here and there among tne green foliage. The
musical programme was exquisitely ren
dered. The dre?ses of the ladies were
very handsome. Mrs. Homes received
her guests in a beautiful costume of satin,
veiled with white brusseJs net; her orna
ments were diamonds.
Mrs. Hatch, her guest of honor, wore a
black and white satin princess gown.
The young ladies were very prerty in
toilets of organdies made over silk, cut
walking length. Mrs. Hatch will spend
her vacation in Southern California, the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Mathews.
Mr. and Mrs. James Walters, who had
]ust returned from a honeymoon sojourn
at Santa Cruz, were tendered a serenade and
reception by a number of their friends at their
home in Elmhurst on Saturday evening. The
terenadcrs, who comprised some of the sweet
est singers of Elmhurst and Ee.st Oakland, the
former home of the bride, assisted by the Cali
fornia Mandolin Club, repaired to the resi
dence of the young couple early in the even
ing and rendered a number of charming se
lections btneath their window. Mr. and Mrs.
Walters, although taken completely by sur-
Erise, invited the party to enter, and did the
onors of the occasion most gracefully.
The mandolin club, consisting of George
Chase, H. Lund, C. 11. Lund and Henry Duck
worth, contributed largely to the ©leisure of
the evening. O. Olliver and Tom Sawyer gave
i vocal selections. George B. Mcllale, uspokes
i man of the party, proved a most successful
mirthmaker.
Others present were : H. Whipple, Charles
Ballare, Charies Hamilton, O. Fox. L. Bur
dock. F. Givens. George Burtxbach, Mollie !
Coruan. George acott and VV. Younji.
Mr. Walters is an extremely popular yonng !
merchant of Elmhurst. The bride, formerly
Mi-s Theresa Cordati, is a favorite in Oakland i
society, and is warmly welcomed in the- com- I
munity where she has'now made her home.
A most deiiehtful private picnic was given
last Sunday by J. J. Conn at the picturesque
Laundry Farm*. Amuiig those present were:
| M;<= Emma Ehrhorn, Miss [da and Alice Arm
strung, Misses Htami'er. Miss H. Goldstein, MISS
! H. Jarvis. Mi^s T. Goldmeyrr. Miss Abrams,
J. J. Cohn, 11. L. Phillrps, A'l. Hickox, D. Cob
i leiitz, Fred Schlueter, k. Burgh, I. Goldstein,
J. Llberman, H. Stark, 11. Lowenthal and G.
I Goldberg.
B&mue! L. Cor.lan and Miss Ella M. McCann
were quie'.ly married on Sunday, June 14, at
St. Patrick's* Church. The ceremony was ceie
i brated at 5 P. m., Eev. Father Brennan ofliciat
! ins:. Mr. and Mrs. Conlau are now residing at
! 30") Steiner street.
A novel entertainment, called the ''Spanish
; Fiesta, or a Night in Seville," will be given at
Native .^ons' Hall, 414 Mason street, on Thurs
day evening, J jly 2, by Professor Lombardero,
I late of the Spa*ni.«h .-tudents. Among other
| attractions there will be pretty Spanish buila
: rinas, bolero'aud fandango dance.-. <;isti!lian
■ >onga are also on the programme. Frank
( omn, tiie well-known tenor, m down for a
.-j.uiiish song, as is Mme. Coarsen - Boechel,
v. no will sing In Spanish a song very popular
at present in Madrid.
Among those registered at Paso Robles are
! Mr. and Mrs. Alex liadlam, Mr. and Mrs. W ll.
I lium Wilson. Mrs. .1. D. Spreckeis, Mrs. Spen
; cer, Major and Mr.-:. McLaughiin, Mi-s Me
; Lauirhiin, H. S. Flood, M.G. Buckingham, Mi«-s
! huckinghnrn. M. Alexander and wife, Miss
i Alexander. Miss Edna Davis, Miss Lottie Cerf,
V.-s Jannetie Cerf, M. E. Dunning, Charles
Stiff. Mr-. W. ,1, hn, Jamei ( ■ iJßhlan, C. C.
Caddy, Mr-, .-\vari7, ihe Misses Swart/, Adolph
Koose, Mr. and Mr.-. Ueehtel, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
! liam K>at'n, Mis- Clara Taylor, J. Stephens,
; Louis Goodfriend, James Williams, Thomas
; Irwin, Mr. aud Mrs. Saches, James Johnson,
W. A. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Q. Smith, Miss Smith, j
Among ihe arrivals this week at Duncan I
: Springs, Mendocino County, are: J. A. Wil
! liamson, Mrs. Williamson, C. J. Parsons and !
: wife, Mi-s a ice Robinson, F. W.Longee and j
wife, Lucy M. Agar, Kva B. Howell, Miss Emma
H. Brookes, Mrs. John Butler, Miss EtU Bat- j
! l«-r, W. J. EUeford aid wife, Mrs. Thomas Shad
, dock. H. W. Frii.-dlander, Mrs. W. Zaretzky, J.
j H. Brush. Banta Rosa.
( curi .Nu. Valley Ho. 1729, Independent
I Order ol Foresters, celebrated tne order's
| twenty-second anniversary on Thursday even
! ing, Jane 11, by an entertainment and dance I
jat their hail, Twenty-fourth and Churcn j
i streets. After Chief Ranger J. .T. Smith in his i
I opening address ba 1 briefly stated the alms |
and objects of the onler an entertainment fol- |
lowed, durin? which many choice selections
were well rendered The" floor whs then
: cleared tor dancing, wiiici: w«s indulged in
J until a late hour, when refreshments were
■ served. During intermission! several applica
tions for mernDersi.ip were received.
The entertainment and social given by Mrs.
j Lizzie Honu's danc'iiK clan at Mission Turner
Hall, Eighteenth .-'reet, Friday eve:. ing, was a
v>ry enjoyable affair. Among the pupil* ;
I taking pan in the fancy dancing and Deisarte I
j poses were: Etta Beatie, Emma Labadie, Alice >
• Adamson, Irme Roth, Anna and Mable Mr- '
Donal.i, Pora Healy, Walter Cotlett, Alice-
Curran, Lois Underwo <1, Mary Lutz, Robert '
, Cline, Josie Horn. Mary Gray, Edna and Mnr- j
j gueretle Horn, Tillie Em h off, Nellie Carroll,
waiter Krofeell and <>t!n-r«. Aiw-r the enter
j tainment in •-■_■ preseni spent tiie remainder of
I the evening in dai
Mi.-s Lizzie Patterson, youngest daughter of
James Patterson, president and manager of j
; the Pacific Saw Company, and Sydney Allison I
[ o; the New England Life Insurance, will be ;
j married at the home of her parents Wednes- !
: day evening, June 24.
A party ol Oakland people well known in !
! society, consisting of Mrs. Andrew Myers and
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Hamilton and j
daughter, are at present sojourning Ht the i
i Hotel de Lille et d'Albion in Paris. They will i
! leave for home on tne steamer Furst liisn'iarck,
] and their arrival mnv be expected shortly j
i after the first of July. Mrs. Myers lms just
! completed a course of Instruction at thu Con
servatory of Music at Leij'sie.and the Hamilton i
| party are finishing a journey around the
I world.
Miss Alma E. Hyer and brother are spending
a few weeks at Bin*- Lakes.
Mist Dorotny Bufschmidt left Wednesday
for a visit to Cnlcago and other Eastern points
of interest.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Dunn of 030 Golden Gate I
avenue, are upending a few weeks in lx)s An- I
gele.s. accompanied by Miss Flossie Prior and
Miss Rosie Kelly.
Mrs. W. A. Carrol is spending the summer
months with relatives at Los Angeles and
Redondo Beach.
Miss May Thomas, accompanied by her
! father J. M. Thomas, are on a trip to Lake
' Taboe and vicinity. They sorted Saturday
i evening the ilOih inst., and anticipate, slaying
in the neightoihood a week.
Mr. and Mrs. Willard J. Parker leave for
Guatemala on the 127 th. Mr?. Parker will be
at home at the Occidental Hotel next Thurs
day afternoon and evening.
Miss Aunie Nolan has just returned from a
three weeks' visit to Sacramento.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
THE BUCKLEYITES
TO RALLY AGAIN,
They Will Gather in Force
on Next Tuesday
Evening.
THE LOCAL FIGHT BEGUN
Maguire Believes That the Fac
tions Will Be Pulled
Together.
HE STANDS NEUTRAL NOW.
Considers That a Continuance tf the
Present Factional FigLt Would
Be Ruinous.
The Buckleyites will declare themselves
strictly in the municipal game at a big
meeting of the "regular" Democratic Gen
eral Committee for next Tuesday evening
in B'nai B'ritli Hall.
The ousted delegation to the State Con
vention is also to be tnere. in fact, it is a
joint meeting of the members of the gen
eral committee and the delegates.
There will be no doubt of the stand and
intentions of this faction after that meet
ing. It proposes to go right ahead as the
regular party organization and to take
early steps in preparation for a primary
for a municipal convention. Their treat
ment at Sacramento, where they were
given no show to present evidence sus
taining their claim to be the regular party
organization, has but marie them more de
termined tnan ever to tight for ultimate
victory.
At the meeting on Tuesday evening
there will be all sorts of resolutions passed
ami all sorts of speeches made and the
cause will be whooped up generally.
It is proposed to perfect and strengthen
the oreanization at once. Not only will
the headquarters at 985 Market street be
kept open and probably enlarged, but it
is proposed to open regular headquarters
in every district in the City. There is in
fact more life anion.t: the Buckleyites than
ever and the predictions of their rivals
that their organization would go to pieces
are anything but realized.
So the local Democracy presents as in
teresting a tangle as it ever did. The
Buckleyites have much the best of the
game so far in having several times the
numbers of their rivals, in having nearly
all the party workers with them and in
having on their side the legal points
which will determine who is entitled to a
place on the ticket if the matter gets into
the courts, where the Buckleyites propose
to carry it.
They have the best of it, too, at this
time Through the fact that Rainey has
captured control of the Junta or.-anization
through the deal by which Ed Lanifran
has transferred his allegiance and his
sixty votes to the Rainey-ltaggett faction
of the Junta. The Junta is hopelessly
sp] ' and with Rsthejr bossing the
majority faction its claim to representing
NEW TO-DAY.
It Has No Equal!
i
REASON. m : gJ|^ ' LOGIC.
The man or woman ; -^'^-^ "The sound, thrifty
who buys an article to -^c^o-^^^"^ buyer makes his pur-
restore health should do "^ jF-* vfi?|jr chase on the established
so on the same. plan that %&^. basis that a good article
he or she would buy a Iji^;?,^!?^ is cheap at a reasonable
watch for service; not for "^^A#<^ price, while a poor one is
a toy. rf/JVMlk^ dear at any price."
/ /V/i/.Uv A.T.STEWART.
POINTS OF SUPERIORITY.
ELECTRIC POWER. You Can Regulate Its Power.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT DR . SAN - . S ELECTRIC BELT i. con.
generates double the power of any other . r ,,,. ,i with a. „„,  rf.<r,,i.. n , «■« ♦£
Electric Belt made. The arrangement of v, "1^ B j h.« w h B r TNo othej
the metals is upon the most approved fL l^,, « h, £ .h\ /♦£ aV ° pl * c *
scientific basis; the Voltaic piles, being '^ Helton the body and feel the powerful cur-
quadruple, so as to bring out a steady, rent penetraung . y °'" *?*<?* you adjust it.
powerful current; perfectly insulated, so strength by turmng to rlgut Or left a small
that, different from all other belts, the full screw attachment, setting the current at any
fcrreoftlic current is conducted into the desired for ce, and you can then enjoy a restful,
weakened system in a continuous, life- quiet &let 'P without being awakened in th«
giving stream. It gives tone and energy lniddle of the night by a sensation which
to the nervous system and all its depend'- make you Imagine you are being electrocuted,
ent organs. As "Electricity is life Dr. Those who have used the old-stylo belts kno-?
Sanden's Electric Belt is the modern life- what this is > and hundreds who have dii.
giver. carded them and are now being peacefully r*-
....„„ ._.. stored to health and strength by Dr. Sanden'i
UUkAdILJ 11. Electric Belt are testifying to the value of th«
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is new method. If you don't want to ryj burnnd
positively guaranteed for one year. Every t0 death in your sleep use Dr. S*nden'e.
Belt broken .or by any circumstance,
whether the fault of the belt or the wearer, $100 REWARD.
having lost its curative powers of elec- d B sandfx-s KLFCTRIC iikit.,l . i
tricity within one year, is replaced with a .he body a genuine en mm I C of elect? dtv for"
new one at no expense to the wearer. If several hours at a time. $100 reward will be
Dr. Sanden's Belt was twice its present paid for one of these Belts which will not
cost it would still be cheap, as no other ap- generate a current wnich is perceptible to the
pliance made can be sold with this wearer immediately after charging and apply-
<?uarantee. ing to the body.
CONVENIENCE. IT CURES.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is DR. INDEX'S ELECTRIC BELT is credited
applied on retiring at night and worn until coi^Xne dn^in^Th^n^fpn l n the %£
time of arising in morning. No care or iv flU . t . Cures of meu who are manlVenoueh
trouble is incurred in its use; no time is to proclaim to the world their recovery of man-
wasted, in using it, as its soothing, hood and the means of getting it. * Dr. San-
strengthening current absorbs into the den's Electric Belt is no experiment, and the
weakened organs while you sleep. Beneli- name? and addresses of hundreds of grateful
Cial results are noticed in one night's use, £' li " I^7, "'rin'"!!? 7v n » 01^ L n the "I 1 ' °
end the .Jeep is made sound and refreshing! JSK3ST S^ttlFffi&Sttfif'SftSi
It quiets the nerves and builds up the weak which can be curt d by electricity, and price/
parts in a natural, humane manner. It is free. Get it to-day. '
JS I 33 INT EXjBCTH-IC 00.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 13 t j 1.
OFFICES AT ■:
I.OS ANGELES, CAL. I PORTLAND, OR.
Stti4 boutli Broadway. | 253 Washington 3 treat.
the "decency of the party" has gone glim
mering.
Both the renewed activity of the Buck
leyites and this domination of the Junta
by Rainey make reorganization in some
form an assured thing. Party leaders
with no interest in either faction are De
ginning to talk about pulling the party to
gether as the time for local action ap
proaches, for a divided local Democracy
would remove the faintest hopes of party
success.
Gavin Me Nab is about ready to let the
Junta go to the dickens now that it has
served its purpose in the State Conven
tion. JlcNab still has his own reorganiza
tion scheme up his sleeve. His plan is to
have the State executive committee which
Gould is to appoint take a hand in the
local situation in the interest of the whole
party. As Gould, Daggett and himself
will control the executive committee, Me-
Nab figures on so manipulating the reor
ganization that he may become the local
Doss himself.
But neither the Buckleyites nor the
Raineyites will stand for any scheme like
that or any scheme of McNab's they can't
see through.
Congressman Maguire, who until re
centiy took strong ground in favor of the
legality of the claim of the Buckleyites to
being the regular local oreanization, was
asked for an opinion yesterday about the
local situation. His attitude is now one
of neutrality between the factions, wilh a
desire to see the party united.
"As to Daggett or Rainey's control in
municipal politics, I will not have any
thing to say," said Mr. Maguire. "I will
do notuingin connection with municipal
politics unless in conjunction with Demo
cratic leaders I see a chance to harmonize
the Democratic forces on some reasonable
basis of fair play and Democratic princi
ples. If that opportunity thould offer I
of course would be glad to do all in my
power to bring about such harmony in the
party organization as would insure Demo
cratic success in the coming municipal
campaign.
"It seems to me that the probability of
some basis of harmonious action being
found is made almost certain by the fact
that a continuance of the factional fight
would seem to be ruinous to both sides. I
have heard, however, no suggestion as to
such an attempt to harmonize the party,
and am, therefore, not in a position to dis
cuss any basis for 9ueh action."
SIGNS OF THE TIMES.
i:i<lf-r Tanner Speaks Upon Prophecies
and the Meaning of Present
Disasters.
"The Signs of the Times," was the sub
ject discoursed upon by Elder Henry S.
Tanner, president of the California Mor
mon Mission at Pythian Castle last nicht.
He said: "There is much speculation
upon the date of Christ's coming, but we
should confine ourselves to titat which has
Deen revealed, as revelation is not an idle
meditation. Unto the people of the Lord
a sure word of prophecy ha? been given.
Through revelation i undreds of subse
quent events, with seemingly unnatural Ue
tails, have been made known. Signs of
our present and future were as clearly
foretold as was the fall of Babylon.
"In fulfillment of prophecy, the Gos
pel of the kingdom has been restored and
communication between God and his chil
dren again e-tablished. While all nations
are being distressed and preparing for war,
peoplt! lrom ah countries are gathering
into" the mountain of the Lord's house to
learn righteousness and be preserved from
destruction.
"Because of the judgments now corning
upon the earth men are distressed, their
vitality is ebbing away and tneir souls are
being swallowed up in tue fastness of the
times.
"in frequency and destructivene3S the
tornadoes of late years surpass all former
ones. We must throw off our yokes of
bondage, rise from our spiritual lethargy
and grasp the strings of hope held out ior
our rescue. But iew seem willing to re
ceive the Gospe:, and as in the days of yore
righteousness is an opprobrium 10 the un
godly."
NEW TOIDAY
HOIST PEOPLE TESTIFY
STRONG STATEMENTS IS FAVOR OF HIS
IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES.
Mr. F. Heitman, 1020 }£ Larkin street,
San Francisco, Cal., saya*: "I must give
my testimony for Munyon's Blood Cure.
My scalp was a mass of sores from eczema,
and, although I bad the best medical at-
tention and tried all kinds of prescriptions,
I never received any benefit until I began
usine Munyon's Remedies. A few bottles
of the Blood Cure removed every trace of
the disease and made a complete cure.
Prof. Munyon may well be proud of his
success in San Francisco, for Munyon's
Remedies are j;iven preference over all
other medicines in every drugstore."
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in Ito3 hours, and cures in a few
days. • Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
I Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
I forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of Diles. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price — cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's .Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price. $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
drutreisis, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1503
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
icisSSi
FOR THE
GENERAL ELECTION
AM, ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
the coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
Registration for the General Election to be held
j November 3, 1896, commenced at the office of the
; Registrar of Voters in the northeast wing of the
j Now City Hall on WEDNESDAY, May 27. 189 a,
■ aud will continue uutll
I
Holiday, August 3, i 896, inclusive,
when Registration at the Central
Office will cease.
j On and after July 11, 1896, registration will be
open at the New City Hall on .Saturday evenings
from 7 p. m. to 9 v. m.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Will commence In the several precincts of the
city on TUESDAY, August 4. 1896, and clo c
j on SATURDAY, August 8, 1896, when all regis-
tration will cease.
Office hours from 9 a. m. till 10 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
s ioners.
W. M. HINTON,
Registrar.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THK
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-J.A-('HAPEI.I,E, GERMANY. ON
the 31st <lay or December, A. D. 1895. mid for
j the year ending r>n th ii day, as made 10 the In-
i surance Co nnjlss;oner of the Stal.- of California,
] pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
i of the Political code, condensed as per blank tur-
uliUL-a by the commissioner.
AS ETS.
Cash Market Value of all storks and
Honda owned by Company $599,500 00
Cnsh in 8ank5.....; 19,116 43
I Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion :~9.7 08 87
•io:al assets 1668,386 30
LIABIIJTIES.
I Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 5387 71
Gross premiums on >"ir,- liisks rnn-
Him; one year or less $84,580 76,
reinsurance 50 per cent. 44,290 38
Gross premiums 01 Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year $45,-
-148 10, reinsurance pro rtta ...... 30,309 20
i Due tor Reinsurance Premiums and
Sundries : 10,262 28
1 All Ot her Demands A galas, the Comp-
any 9,072 75
Total liabilities »04,272 3J
IX COME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $90,321 06
Received lor interest ana dividends
on Bonds, Mocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13,750 00
Total income $104,071 06
KXPENDITDKUS. ~
' Net amount pad for Fire Losses
(Incln lins; $3,429 94 losses of pre-
vious years i $27,513 48
I Paid or Allowed tor Commission or
Brokerage... 12,845 27
i Paid fur Salaries, fees and other
charges lor ollicers. clerks, etc. 14,149 00
! Paid for Stale, National and local
iaxei... 209 50
i All oilier Payments aud Expendi-
tures -" 14.198 97
: Total expenditures *tiK,9l6 22
I Fire losses Incurred dur-
ing the year $24,421
' ' . ~~ ~j""~ . ■ ...
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, ; Premiums.
| Net amount of Risks
written during the
year......./. $1 3,880,836 $173,937 43
Net araonnt of Risks ex-
pired during the year. j 6,259,634 1 . 104,848 47
Net amount in force on
December 31, 1895. | 11,336,017 133,723 86
E. R. KENNEDY, for WEED & KENNEDY,
Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of February, 1896. C. F. *'IbHBECK, Notary
Public. . ■
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
KBAL MAXAOEKS.
(» -patents! j
Xibi^Q MARKET ST.S.F.^*^
NEW TO-DAY.
FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
: This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Nipht Emissions, Ex-
hausting drains of YOUNG. MIDDLE-
AGED AND OLD MEN. Gleet, Gonor-
rhoea, Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Blad-
der, Blood and Skin diseases, and all con-
stitutional and internal troubles promptly
cured. li you can't call, write at once.
Address
C I QUJFANV Mil 737 Market Street,
I. L. 0 11 LAN I, In. U., San Francisco.* "al.
STATEMENT
. UF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
, OF THE
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF MAP.V-
land, on the 31st day of December. A. I). 1895,
I and tor the year ending on that day, as maae to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
fo nla, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political < ode, condensed us per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAriTAI,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $750,000 00
ASSETS. ~~ ~
Real Estate owned by Company $575,532 57
Cash Market Value of all Mocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698,255 00
Cash fti Company 'B Office 5.196 61
Cash In Banks 92.450 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 48.342 30
Total assets $1.419,776 38
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense...... $22,229 45
Gross premiums on Riafca running r :
one year or less, $337,127 30, re-
insurance 50 per cent. 168,563 65
Total liabilities. $190,793 10
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for
Surety Premiums $313,093 10
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds stocks, Loans ana
from all other sources 14,885 00
Received for Kent*. . • 27,97149
Received from all other sou i ces 25.895 59
Total income $381,845 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for surety Losses.. $51,400 04
Dividends to Stockholders 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 46,817 99
Paid for Salaries, fees and othet
charges for ollicers. clerKS, etc.. 26,412 93
Paid for 3tate, National and local
tuxes 17,16115
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 49,979 25
Total ex enaitures ...{ $-211,761 36
Losses Incurred during
the year, f..:.: $67,301 99
bisks and premiums, fgrt£ j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during tee
year. I $75,133,430 $319,500 47
Net amount of Risks'
expired during the
year 41,852,031 192,84183
Net amount In force
December 31, 1895... 45,225,849 337,127 30
EDWIN WARfIKLD, President
HERMAN E. BUSLKK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to b 'fore me this 6th day
of January, 1896. . G. EVKTT REAKDON,
Commissioner tor California at .Baltimore.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
i 204 Sansoine Street, San Francisco.
VOSS CON RAD & CO.,
RESIDENT MANAGE S.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -
OF THE
Bavarian Lloyd Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MUNICH, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST DAY
of Decmber, A. D. 1895, and for the year
enclitic"" that day, as made to the insurance Com-
i missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
i th 11 provisions of sections 610 and till of the Po-
! lit til Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
I the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $250,000 00
ASSET*. *
! Real Estate owned by Company $120,916 45
i Loans on BonG and Mortgage 'J, -50 00
Cash Market Valor of all .-> ocks find
Bonds owned by company 138^70 51
! Cash in i oinpany's Olllce 1,150 00
I Cash in Banks 70.607 48
Interest due and accrued all Slocks
and Loans 2,258 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 366,642 69
Bills rect-ivai le. not Multireel, taken
for fire and Marine Risks 22.612 62
Total assets $724,508 17
liabilities:
Losses Adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses In iioctss of Adjustment or j_ xq , 050 nf ,
ln Suspense S $81,250 00
j Losses resale.,!, including expensesj
! Gross premiums on Marine i.iul In-
land Navigation Kisks, reinsur-
ance 100 percent. 20.235 20
Gross premiums on Marine Time
It sks. reinsurHme 50 per cent .. 73,764 80
All Other Pom a ■ Against the lorn-
pauy 271,855 01
Total liabilities $453,105 01
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Marine
Premiums. $594,637 97
Received for interest and dividend
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
nil other .-.otirces 12,948 18
Rcceiveu irorn all other sources....... 928 81
Total income $t>oB,<U4 76
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Los
(lneludlnn $65 COO losses of pre-
vious years) ....$406,653 65
Paid or >llo.\«-il for Commission or
Brokernge.. 27,411 67
Paid ior Salaries, fees and other'
charges for officers. clerks, etc. 34,76) 81
! Paid for ftaie, National and local
taxes 2,177
Total expenditures... $471,008 11
HANS PABST. President.
MAX VOGEL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 11th
day of April, 1896.
RALPH STEINER, U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
' 204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORN AT-
v, law and Notary Public, 638 Market si, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. J&eaideaoa lUM
I i ell st. Telephone "Pins" 2b'JL
NEW TO- DAT."
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT
Marine Accient ai Plats Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OV IKAXKKOKT-ON-THE-MAIX, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1895, and for the year eiicinz on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the btate
of California, pursuant to ttie provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash .$ 312.500
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company £43.750 00
Loans on bond and mortgage 604.325 00
Cash market value of ai stocks and
bonds owned by company 135,141 35
Amount of loans secured by pledgee
of bonds, stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 675 00
Cash in company's office 6.522 00
Cash in bunks 128,047 4-1
Interest dne and accrued on all
stocks and loans 22,175 53
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 60,22415
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on tosses already paid.... 153.980 28
Total assets $1,144,840 75
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,53100
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, $ , re-
insurance 100 per cent 23,806 50
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, $ , reinsurance 50 per
cent 22,05925
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 43 75
Pension fund 7,440 16
All other demands against the com-
pany 107,08112
Liability under accident and plate
gliiss departments 198, 42
'total liabilities $484.787 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for acci-
dent and p ate Klnss premiums $450,817 01
.Netcasn ac ually received for marine
premiums 411,99881
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources .- 25,90 i 10
Received from all other sources ■42,37 5 25
Total income $934.096 17
EXPENDITURES.
-
Net amount paid for accident and
plate glass losses (including $
losses of previous year*) $ 105.505 72
Net amount paid for marine loss s.. 308.0H3 20
Dividends to s:ockholders 43.750 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 99,792 01
Pai i for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, cierks, etc 47,001 17
Paid for .State, National and lo:al
taxes 4,02133
All other payments and expendi-
tures 75Q00
Total expenditures $608,913 43
Losses incurred dur-
ing the year $ $ ...
bisks and pbemidms. Marine Risks Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during tin-
year $118,235,422 $594,115 48
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 70,435,413 366.13308
Net amount in force
December 31. 1895... 2.040.027 j 45,865 75
F. GERSOS, President.
P. IJUMCKK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo mis 10th day
of April, 1896. , - -"■
FKANK. H. MaSON, U. S. Consul-General.
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Man^gr^-rs.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRADERS'
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF CHICAGO, IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1895, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank:
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSISTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 223,550 00
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
lionds ownea by Company 1,318.349 55
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 47,500 00
Cash in company's Office 1.4H5 05
Cash in Banks 72,351
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 6,862 60
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
nnd Mortgages 3,929 97
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion . 52,453 43
Due from other Companies, etc., for
losses paid and premiums ad-
vanced 15,485 10
Total assets $1,747,'-\'i9 82
LIABILITIES.
Looses Adjusted and unpaid |ptS,6H6 16
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense f 4,546 76
Losses resisted including expanses.. '1,465 90
Gross premiums on Fire His s run-
nine "lie year or less, $521,-
-394 23, re-insurance 5'J percent. 260,697 11
Ores* premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mor" than on» year. $359,-
-899 IV. re-insurance pro rata.... 201,306 64
All other demands against Hie Com-
pany 17,613 34
Total liabilities $568,265 91
INCOME.
Net Cash actna'ly received for Fire
prfmums $669,379 93
Received for interest On Honds and
Mortgages 14,706 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 56.644 43
»jlal income $740.7 63
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses {In-
cluding 864.244 34 losses of pre-
vious years) $359,043 23
Dividends to Stock hoders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 107,048 10
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, e'erks. etc.-. 57. 61 'i 00
Paid tor State, National mi i local
taxes': • 19,162 37
All oth«r payments and expendi-
tures 50,672 08
Total expenditures $643,536 78
Losses incurred during ~~~
the year $360,944 60
bisks and premiums \YUn Kinks, i Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $57,040,874 $833,694 10
Net amount of llitWs
expired during the
year ! 49,931,262 751.083 96
Net amount in iorce De-
cember 31, 1895 61.472,748 1,293 35
K. BUCKINGHAM, President.
K. J. SMITH, Secretnry.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ssth day
Of February, 1896.
K. ■■<■ WHITTLESEY, Notary Public.
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE UDIES~GRILL ROOM
Ok' THE-
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET Si
OF JEN I.MIL MIDNIGHT.
910
frf iry^c^^^^^i^iisij " yEMzWMf T^V-,
Order of the Eastern Star.
J. J. Morse, a prominent Mason of London,
land, and a well-known scientist, who is
«i a visit, was on las-t Thursday initiated
into Golden Onto Chapter. On that occasion
there were visitors from New York, Portland,
Or., Watsonville and from lc>cal.chapters.
There was a district meeting in the hall of
Harmony Chapter on Friday night at 32
o'Farrell street. There were present a num
bcof the grand officers, including Mrs. Clara
Abbott Giberson, grand conductress. There
were also many visitors from local chapters
an.l from across the b.-.y.
I)urinp the past week the grand patron
visited Frii ndship Chapter at Lincoln, Placer
.. and Wheatland, Ynba County, and
irthern trip.
Hj.tir will give an cntertain
durlng the last week iv July or the first
j ust.
- ;,: Chapter, recently organized at
Winnemucca, Ims elected the iollmving
s: Elizabeth Flint, M.; (iec^rge s. Nixon,
. ; Emma Oliver, A. M. ; Thomas Shone, secre
tary.
I dependent Order of Odtl Fellows.
i nder proclamation of the most worthy grand
. emplar Lodge oi this City held last week.
time, memorial service ior the dead
o- the lodge. U was a very Impressive service,
• ere present members from Fasnrwortn,
Morse and < osmonolitan lodges. Cbarles A. sum
ner delivered an eloqm n: address in wliicti he re
viewed the work of the lodge. Which, sin-e It lias
been li has distributed over $80,000 for
benefits and funerals and entertainments.
re mft'le by M. s. McKee, Acting
fay or an Odd Fellow for forty years, and
Robert Burns and Henry Knebel sang
the dismissory ode. In ;he review of the promi
nent members of the lodge who had passed B«ay
M-. Sumner named the followlnjt, who In their
time were imim; the most prominent citizens of
San Francisco: F. B. Austin, William Barry, sani
uei H. Parker, J. C. Btdeman, !s,iao liiuxome,
Charles J. Uernani. George Burrows, Henry A.
. John Doughty, John w. Dwinelle, K. D.
• rortb, r. W. Freelon, William Hayes, A. s,
\. \. Booe, .1. B Jarboe, Andrew Lane,
Kr.iiik Leppein, t ngene Lies. ii. s. Love, Cutler
: I Miller l.i'. Johns, s. Ii I'mig
burii. Lorinc Pickerlug, L. Pratt, W. C. Rals
ton, W. H. Rhodes ("Caxton"), W. H. Kulofson,
-. K. sati riii-, John W. Hhaefler, s o l a.
Sharp, William Sherman, J. I>. B. Btillman, Eu
t i hr.il . Pranl lin P.
inny, J. i.. Van Bokelen, it C. Whiting, G
C. Whitney and Gregory Vale."
University Lodte <it '>;ik.a.-;l will celebraie its
twent -sixtn anniversary at Clay and Bleventn
.stre.-is on Thursday next
Editor Carroll or tbe Callsto^iau was initiated a
member of Santa lit^a Canton at the last session
of the body
Montlay Grand Patriarch Reid visited Cla
tis Encampment at Vacaville and witnessed thr»
candidates receive the U egret s. !!•■ complimented
the encampment onthegreal progressil bad ma<le,
ana att.r. thai tie was Invited io a banquet at
church's res auraut. gntt> n up in his honor.
' >v ward Lod^'e of Foituna has secured five acres
of Und near Newberg, which are beiug arranged
for cemetery purposes.
Tlie Keb.-kahs.
Grand President M. Greenwood paid official
visits as follows during the past week: Tuesday
she was nt Pearl Lodge at Williams, on Wednesday
Bbc visited Orland Lodt-e, on Tiiurstiay she was
with Willows Lodge and on Friday she vi.->ited De
borah Lodge at Co lisa.
I be grand president will make the following
visitations during Ju'y: Ist, F^lk^Grove Lods-e:
•-'d. Rising Star Lodge :;t Sacramento; 6th,
Brooklyn i od^e at Kast Oakland; 7th, Ab^it In
; odgeat Oakland; Bth. Aqua i ura Lodge at
Irv oston; Hrh. Aureola Lodge at I akiand; loth,
Sunsent Lodge at Oakland: lltn. Oakland Lod^e;
15th, Uvermore liOd^te; uOth, omordia Lodge at
Dd; 21st, I '.itiell Lodge at Crockett, atid -2d,
Samaria Lodge at 1 racy.
1 ne book sO al given in Odd Fellows' Hall last
Thursday by May Uueen Lodge was a very pleas
ant affair.
uaklat.d Rebekah Lodge cave an enjoyable en
tertain ni-n; in Lorin H;ill on the 13th.' An ex
cellent muaidal and literary programme was pre-
Native I)aughter» or the f-oNlen West.
Ttie Native Daughters will have charge of the
Women's day ou the occasion of the anniversary
of the raising of tl.e American fl g at Monterey,
which will be observed on the 7:1) of July. The
committee of arrangement* consists of JUss Ma
riana Bar tola, P. O. P.; Mr-, ilary E. Tillman,
(i. P.; Miss i . K. Wittemyer, who will also repre
sent Contra Costa County; Mrs. Lena H. Mi:ls,
Mrs. Julia A. Sttintia h a .'1 Miss Mac B. WUkins.
Tne tirand }';-.rl<ir has decided to contribute a
tor the Dase of the -loat monument, but it
has not | •■; b •■ . d eld d it it shall be a block of
t;r.uiiie ot a slab of marble.
The new ritual will be in force for two ears,
and in the meantime there Is n premium of $50
to the one who a; the session of IH9B to be held by
the Grand Parlor wH present one that will be an
Improvement ou the present one; ihat is, the prize
w ill be awarded to the one presenting the best
rm 1.
r la Par or will give a bazaar and tea at 1706
Broad* ay, the residence of .Mrs. Mills, on i he 26th
ins. . afternoon and eveninr, for the benefit of me
ric: fund. \ select programme will be rendered
duri:.t_- the evening
tiro Fino Parlor lias joined with Pacific Parlor of
the Native -on, in ih.- entertainment line. The
two parlors will give a dance in Naive Sons' iia.i
on the 2.~>th inst.. and on Admission day these two
pallors wi.l be; in concert in Stockton in the cele
bration.
Fr mont Parlor gave a cascarone party last Fri
day in Shasta Hall. Native sons' building. It was
well attended and proved a very delightful enter
tainment, oil e which reflects credit on ih» comniit
tee of arrangements, of which Mrs. N. Sanderson
■'. - thecl airman.
Buena Vtsi.-i Parlor will be the guest of Callfor
ni.i !'.«.. 0r at S:ocktonon \dmlssion day.
The following is the complete lj 3 t of the grand
oilic^rs el-cteil during the se<siou of the Grand
Parlor at Napa:
Graudothcei:-! — Mis? Mariana Bartola, past grand
president, Kamona I'arlor No. _l, Martin, z: Mrs
Mary E. 1 il man, grand president, Minerva Par
lor No 2, San Francisco: -Mrs. Belle Conrad, grand
vice-president. Dardanelle Parlor. No. 66. Sonora:
Mrs Georgle C. Kyan, grami secretary, Buena
Vista Parl >r No. 68, San Francisco; Mrs. Inge P.
Fa ire, grand treasurer, Alta Parlor No. 3, san
Francisco; Mrs. Edltb l^alrd, grand marshal, Prin
it is I'arlor No. 84, Angels: Mi-s Annie Kemns,
grand inside sentinel. Mariposa Parlor No. 68,
Mariposa; M ss Kdith Bonestel, grand outside
sen inel, Lhs Palmas Par or No. 67. Ventura.
<;r:ind trustees—Mrs. Helwi Juarez (chairman),
KschOl a'lor No. 18, Napa; Miss Lizzie Dong
lass. Alta Parlor No. 3, -an Francisco: Mrs. Emma
Co: t. Callna Parlor No. 2J. Sacramemo; Mrs,
...and Andersen, Camella Parlor No. 41, Ander
sen; Miss luiby Manii-r, Oro Fino Panor No. 9,
San Francisco.
1 he following are the standing committees that
have been named:
Finance— Miss Rosa Day, Golden State Parlor
No 60; Mrs. Annie J. Simpson, Buena Vista Par
lor No. tih; Miss Mary K. Waters, Las Lomas Par
lor Nn. 72. Printing and supplies-Mis* Carrie
Creigh, Minerva Parlor No. SI; Mrs. Dora King
A tn Parlor No. 3; Miss Mary McNeJU, Yosemite
Parlor No. B.J. Appeals and grievan es— M iss
I 1 sabetb Spencer, Occident Parlor No. 28;
Mrs. John A. sieinbacti, Alta Parlor Na 3-
M>-s Kia Floyd, Laurel Parlor No. 6:
Miss Irene Hall, lardanelle Par.or No. 66:
Miss An a Grntier, Orinda Par.or No. 66.
l.hws and supervision — Mrs. Lena H. Mills (3;(3
Kast Channel street, --to k;or.), Joaqutn Parlor
No. 5; Mrs i:mma Cott, Califla Parlor No. 22;
Mrs. Harriett* Eames, a Corona Parlor K a SS;
Mr-, a Ice McCraney, Kamona Parlor No. 81;
Mis* Flora Goldman, Veritaa Parlor Na 75.
Tnuisportation— Mrs. l'.elle Conrad, Dardanelle
Parlor No. 66; Mrs. Helene Juarez Ksh -oi Par
lor No. J6: Mrs. Sophie Scbiot der, Alameda Par
lor No. 18; M-'s. ( allie Shields, Fores; I'arlor No.
86- Petitions— Mrs. Kate Loiahide, Ursula Part- t
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMfcELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St, Tel. Main 1954
KKA.Vr H OFFICE •
6i!3 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
J. B. I'IHDV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. -FKIVAXii WlKlv. JSiiWVOKK.
No. Is Miss Mamie Mace, Laurestlnus Parlor No. ,
79: Miss Louise Carto, san Jose Parlor No. 81. \
Returns— Laura J. Frakes. Amapola Parlor No. 80:
Miss Abbie Mclaughlin, Oro Fino Parlor No. 9:
Mrs. Katie T. Brings Marguerite Parlor, No. 12.
State of the order— Miss Mariana Bertola, Kimona
Parlor No. 21; Mrs. Lillian Carlie, La Estrella
Parlor No. 89; Mrs. Edith Laird, Princess Parlor
No. 84: Mrs. Emma Cox, F.I Pescadero Parlor No.
82: Miss Jennie Kelly, Bonlta Parlor No. 10.
Legislation— Miss Mac B. Wilkln, Santa Cruz Par
lor No. '26: Miss Minnie Coulter, Santa Hosa Par- ]
lor No. 4: Miss Maggie Apperson, Parri Parlor No. 1
38; Miss Grace Culbert, Jauuita Parlor No. 77;
Mrs. Carrie B. Cook, Golden Bar Parlor No. 30.
Ritual— Mrs. Tina L. Kane, Ursula Parlor No 1 :
Miss C. K. Wittenmyer.Ramona Par, or N0.21 ; Mrs.
Carrie Roesch Durham, Joaquin Parlor No. 5: j
Miss M. B. Johnson, California Parlor No. 22;
Mrs. Alison F. Watt, Manzanita Parlor No. 29.
Native Song of the Golden West.
Grand Secretary Lunsted will go to Arcata this >
week for the purpose of organizing a new parlor
Grand Vice-President George D. Clark has re- !
turned from his southern tour.
J. H. Mitchell, deputy district grand president j
for Humbold:, reports that thirty names have
been signed to a partition for a new parlor to be j
organized at Blue Lake in that county.
St. Helena Parlor and Cal istoga Parlor will bo I
consolidated this evening by Grand President |
Geafocd.
National Parlor has elected the following-named ;
I officers: D. E. JV.urd. president; W. M. Brown;
I first vice-president; F. K. Kroger, second vice- j
I president; W. O. Barr, third vice-president; C. H. ;
Johnson, recording secretary: G. J. White, finan- j
cial secretary; P. G. dv Py, treasurer: W. K. Fett, I
M.; C. W. Heyer. trustee; Nathan Rodgers. j
M. D., surgeon, and L. A. Hufschmidt, organist.
At the meeting of the joint committee of the ;
local parlors held last week in the office of Grand
Marshal Lmbsen Henry I). Lansing ot Precita
Parlor was chosen chairman and Miss C. W. '
i Creig was elected secretary. A motion to lake
part in the parade was carried, and it w. s decided
that the Native Daughters should parade In car
riages to be decorated by themselves.
Ancient Order Unitetl Workmen.
| The following is a list of the members of the Pa- )
j cific Drill Team that of late has been doing such
effective work In the various lodges of the order: |
M. Marks of Oakland No. 2, Dr. R. L. Hill Jr. of
Pacific No. 7, E. C Bridgeman of Pacific, E. G. ;
Donnovan of Oakland, O. A. Perry of Central No.
251, J. D. Haines of Pacific, G. Rothamel of Pa
cific, Robert Hall of Pacific, organist; G. R. Has
well of Pacific, guide; B. W. Marston of Pacific,
lecturer; J. S. Gilmore of Pacific, overseer: K. J.
i Feu non of Pacific, foreman: F. S. Poand of h.x- I
! clsor No. 129, master workman; A. ii. 31cKown
: of Pacilic, past master workman, and J. W. Ward ;
: of Pacific, captain.
Grand Muster Workman Vlnter was in the City
' last week, and he reports the lodges In Santa Clara
County very much alive. On Friday he paid a i
; visit to the lodge in Vallejo and then he left for '
I Los Angeles, where he will pay an otliclal visit to
the five lodges that are to meet in joint session. ;
He will also visit the lodge of the Degree of Honor.
He will then pay a visit to the lod,'e in Pasadena. |
In July he will visit Nevada and Placer counties.
The Workmen of Kansas are an active body of
men. as appears from the report of Grand Recorder
Forde. This shows that one out of every twelve
adult males in the sta:e is a member of the order.
If California Could make such a snowing the assess
ment would not be so heavy, and it can do it if ihe i
members will only awaken anJ work for the good
ot the order.
In Massachusetts the Grand Lodge makes lib
eral appropriations for the advancement of the I
order, and in view of the fact it is no wonder that
it is the banner State as to membership. The
allowance lor deputies Is $4500, for instruction
$500.', lor traveling expenses $-500 and for print- .
ing and supplies $6000.
Another decision— one from Montana— estab- ;
lishes the fact that a member of th- order who j
does not pay his assessment on or before the 28ib j
of the month forfeits Hie rights of a Beneficiary. A
member of Capital Lodge No. 2 of Helena failed to ;
pay his January assessment until after such time
that a re-examiaation was necessary. He had de- !
posiied the money for the assessments and prom- j
ised to furnish a certificate us to health, Mr. this
he failed to do, consequently was not legally re
instated. After his death his beneficiary orougnt
suit to recover the amount of the certificate, but
I the court before which the case was tried held
I that there had not been any reinstatement under
{ tue :av.s of the order and gave judgment against
I the plaintiff. Lesson: Never allow the last day i
to pass without paying your assessment.
At a recent meeting Pasadena Lodge initiated I
five candidates and Monrovia Lodge Initiated six. |
Degree of Honor.
I The Superior Lodge of the Degree of Honor, an i
j Intermediate between the Supreme and the Grand
| Lodge, was organized in Buffalo, N. V., on the ;
I 12. b inst., and California was honored by the selec- I
; tion of past chief of honor, Mrs. Mary J. Stewart,
I to one of the high offices. The following are offi
cers chosen for the first term:
j Past superior chief of honor, Mrs. A. Kinsley of
. Helena, Mont.; superior chief of honor, Mrs.
; Genevra S. Millar of st. Louis, Mo.; superior lady I
of honor, Mrs. Mary J. Stewart of San Francisco, I
I Cal.: superior chief of ceremonies, Mrs. Kate
Blewetl oi Jamestown, N. D.: superior recorder,
Mis Mary a. Tinker of Jackson, Mich.: superior
receiver, Mrs. Emma ckford of Manchester. '
N. H. ; .superior us.ier. Mrs. Jennie V. Ab.-.ott of:
Syracuse, N. Y. : superior watchman, Mrs. KaieJ.
Young of Albina, Ore.
! J. W. Kinsley, past supreme master workman of
: the A. O. U. W., has prepared a constitution- for
the use of the D. of li. lodges.
Foresters of America.
| Grand Chief Ranger Vellage has issued commis- !
| sions as follows for deputy grand chief rangers:
I San Francisco County— C. F. Spader of No. 1 04
I for Court Aurora No. 2; C W. Lingenfelsen o* No. '
i 55 for Court America No. 3: George Healing of :
! Court No. 11 for Court California No.i 4; J. H. -
llarrje of No. 41 for Court San Francisco No. 7:
M. Levy of No. 36 for Court Bay City No. 11;
i William Green of No. 3 lor Court Eucleian No. IS;
W. O. Ford of No. -3 for Court Eclipse No. 14; T. j
! L. Holden of No. 38 for Court Justice No. 16: J.
Calmann of No. 5 for Court Golden West No. 20; :
j M. E. Waßcerwitz of No. 5 for Court Golden State I
j No. 22; Louis Krftgen of No. 37 for Court Defiance
No. 23: P. Phillips of No .^7 for Court Magnolia
; No. 29: Isldor Schwartz of No. 37 for court El
Dorado No. 31; I. O. Kasserof No. 11 for Court
Golden Eagle No. 33: C. s. Johnstone of No. 45
for Court Golden i-.ra No. 36; U. vv. Bayreuther
! of No. 13 ior Court Washington No. 37; J. G. Flor
ence of No. 13 for Court Presidio No. 40; I. W. ;
' Coburn of No. 43 for Court Mayflower
; No. 41; William A. Doane of No. 104 for Court i
, Yerba Buena No. 42; Frank Norton of No. 51 for |
I Court Seal Rock No. 45; D. Cohan of No. 20 for I
Court Palo Alto No. 53; J. Label of No. 2 for ;
Court Columbia No. 55; E. S Haidlng of No. 136 :
for Court Cosmopolitan No. 64: John Heenan of
No. 55 for Court Live Oak No. «7: H. K. Asher of I
No. 53 for Court Farallou No. 71; William i
Schepp er of No. 13 for < ourt Barbaras** No. 79: '
Ed Gregory of No. 40 for Court Richmond No. 86: i
' B. Shaken of No. 37 for Court Independence No.
1 104: K. P. Donovan of No. 51 for Court Enter- j
prise No. 134; S. L. Waller of No. 36 for Court j
1 sutro Heghts No. 136; P. Asch of No. 29 for •
Junior Court Pride of California No. 1; J. W.
j Gieadell of No. 136 for Junior Court Young j
America No. 2: Joe Myers of No. 2 1 ) for Junior
1 Court Pride of Golden West No. 3. Alameda !
County— a. L. Valiean of No. 19 for Court Pride I
j of Alamada No. 19- A. H. Riehm of No. 16 for I
; Court United states of America No. 38; H. W. I
Kleeof No. 78 for Court San Leandro No. 74; I
;W. G. Beck of No. 77 for Court Liver- |
: more No. 77; George Kolb of No. 108 i
: for Court Aiisal No. 108: Frank Lewis j
' of No. 108 for Court Nlles No. 110: F. D. Martin
■j Of No. 112 for Court buena Vista No 112; a. i
I Siiva of No. 46 for Court Fruitvalb No. 124. Am- I
j ador County — I. li. Condft of No. 131 for courts
: lone No. 131 and Jackson No. 148. Butte County
| — E. H. Quick of No. 58 '.or Court Buite No. 68; B.
i : F. Reppert of No. 85 for Court Century No Hi ; C.
Mitchel of No. 95 for Court Forbestown No. 95. |
i alaveras County — C. V. Matson of No, 128 for :
i Court Sequoia No. 128. Colus* County— W. K.
1 De Jnrnatt of No. 81 for Court l'ririeof Colusa No. I
[ | HI. Contra Costa County— s. J. Huron of No. 75 ,
j for Court Port Costa N0.75: Lee Wtfl.i of No. 108 !
I for Court Mount Diablo No. 118. Fresno County— ,
' ! Joseph Stoc» of No. 126 for Court Yosemlte No. j
' ( 72. Humbold County— Charles T. Minn of No.
180 for Court Eureka No. 80. Kings County— J. M. !
Hicks of No. '.6 for Court Hanford No. 66. Lake '
I Count-— G. A. McKlnley of No 103 for Court Cm]
] nabar No. 103. Los Angeles County — Max Roth i
jof No. :->9 for Court Los Angeles No. 30: i
IJ. H. Mellvill of No. 30 for Court I
, Olive No. 39: S. C. White of No. 113 i
! for Co.urt Fremont No. 49; c . H. Clark of Na 49
for Court sunset -No. 68: ii. Oppenhelmer of No. |
, 99 for Court Neptune No. 99; F. A. MauriclO of !
; No. 102 for Court Columbus No. 10 '; J. B. Mullen
I of No 106 for Court -easide No. 106; Ed Stuetz of !
\ No. 11l for Court Germanla No. Ill ; W. It. Black- :
■Mil of No. 30 for Court \rnericus No. 113.
Marln County— J. J. Murray of No. 6^ for Court
Rafael No. 62: J. K. Hayden of No. 73 for Court '
1 Marin No. 73. Monterey County— George Wagner i
■ of No. 70 for Courts Santa Lucia No. 70 and Cas- !
I trovllle No 149. Napa County— Frank Mixon of i
I No. "92 for Court Friar luck No. 92. . Nevada i
County— H. L. Body of No 8 for Court Pride of i
, Grass Valley No. 8; W. M. A very of No. 9 for
j Court Garfield No. 9. Orange County— T. U. Drury !
; of No. 133 for Court Santa Ana N0.' 133. Plactr •
I County— J. P. Thoinaen of No. 82 for Court Granite j
No 82. Sacramento County— J. W. Geesiln of No. j
12 for Court Capitol of California No. 6; J. C. In:; i
Jr. of No. tjforCo.irtSacramensoNa 12; Charles D I
Shearer of No. 6 for Court Oak Park No. 100. M.
J. Oast man of No. 119 ior court concordia No.
I 119. San Diego County— B. F. Mead of No. 28 for
I Court -an Diego No. 28. Herman Marks of No. 28
I for Court Silver Gate No. 138. . San Jouquin
I County— J. Simon of No. 120 lor Court Stockton
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
No. 06, A. F. Windier of No. 105 for Court Tracy
No. 105. Max Grimm of No. 56 lor Court Schiller
>.O. 120. W. J. Bailey of No. 135 for Court Mo
kelumne No. 136. Santa Barbara County— X. H.
Fnlwider of No. 50 for Court castle Rock No. 50,
P. B. Marker of No. 109 for Court Mliroellto No.
10!'. Santa Ciara County —K. 8. Wright of No. 60
for Court Alum Rock No. 00, E. E. Krownell of
98 for < ourt Progress No. 123, Charles 11. Hokk Of |
No. 146 for Court i,oma Prieta No. 145. Santa
Cruz County— V. L. Mansfield of No. 44 for Court
Pajaro Valley Rose No. 44. Sol!»no County-
George Arras of No. 52 for Court Farrns:ut No. 52, |
B. F. newbyof No. 89 for Court Dixon No. 89. \
Sonoma County— M. J. Bower of No. 24 for Court i
Santa Rosa No. 24, H. B. Gllroy of No. 63 for Court !
PPtal\ima No. t3, .'-ol Lobenstein of No. 140 for
Court Valley Ford No. 140, I d Whitsonof No. 142
for Cour Soioyome No. .42. Sut;er County— J. P. .
A moldy of No. 34 for Court >utter So. 115. Te- ,
hums County— Alva English of No. 84 tor Court ;
R>-d Bluff No. 84. Tuolumne County— J. V. New- J
man of .so. 129 for Court Sonora No. 129, H. a. i
Preston ot No. 144 for Court Jamestown No. 144. i
Yolo County— H. K. Odium of No. 10 for Court .
Star of Woodland No. 10, S. L. River of No. 87 for ,
Court Winters No. 87.
Independent Order of Foresters-
Court Noe Valley celebrated the sixteenth anni
versary of the foundation of the order by an enter
tainment and dance in the lodgerooms at Twenty
fourth and Church streets last Thursday evening. |
After Chief Ranger J. J. Smith had In a brief but j
Interesting address explained the objects and pur j
poses of the order there followed a very pleasant (
and entertaining programme of song, instrumental
music and recitation, the participants acquitting j
themselves iii a manner that won for them much !
applause. TLe floor wa< then cleared for dancing,
and thai was Hep* up until a late hour. During in- j
termission fourteen applications for membership
were hied, and when these are initiated the mem
bership roll will contain nearly 100 names.
Court Diana believes in keeping the principles of
the order before the public, and with that object in j
view keeps its members hustling. Recently it in
creased its membership Dy five, and the Interest I
that the member* taxe in [he work is attested by j
tht- largely attended meetings.
At a picnic given on May day by Court C'orbiua, |
High Chief Ranger McElfresh delivered an address, |
during which he stated that the increase in this
Suite had. during the past few [norths, averaged i
125 a month.
The second annual entertainment of Court Santa I
Maria took the form of a May day festival, and It •
was attended by a large number of people of and
out of the order. The high chief ranger spoke at '
some length, and claimed for the order first place j
in the stale. -
Ancient Order of .Foresters.
The joint picnic ot the order, that is of the Courts
of San Francisco, Alameda and San Jose, was given
In San Jose On Bunker Hill day, and there was a
great number of people present. Ihe affair was a
great success.
The trouble that has arisen In the organiza- \
tion known as the Companions of the Forest \
does not in any way atlect the Ancient Order of
Foresters, for the lesson that ladies are not admit
ted as members of that order. The executive
council has notinVd all the courts that they must :
not take any part in the controversy which Is now ;
going on, and which had its origin in Ukiah.
Court Honiara was instituted at Half Moon Bay
la-it Monday evening by High i;ourt Deputy M. !'. t
Light, assisted by High Court' Treasurer O. W. '
Lunt and It. N. .McLennan oi San Francisco and
delegations from san Mat«oand Pescadero. he
court starts out with thirty-one char er members.
A; its meeting la i Thursday night Court Lin
coln added two members to Its roll The com
mittee having charge ol the smoker to be giwn
on the -.'d of July reported that a tirst-cl »ss enter
tainment will be offered to those who attend.
Court Alliance will •at its meeting to-night
Initiate five candidat -s. At the previous meeting
tvn new members were admitted. The members j
of this court have been unusually active of late ■
and during the term the meniberinip has been '
doubled. i
I he Canadian Subsidiary High Court has within I
Its jurisdiction, which embraces the whole of the i
Dominion of Canada, except British Columbia, j
which is a jurisdiction of itself, a member-thip of '
12,621. !
Companion* of the Forest.
The executive board will make official visits j
during the month of July as follows: July 7, to j
Alba Circle, at Vallejo: July 13, to Mazzini Circle, i
this City: July 14. to Bonlta Circle, at Sausalito. j
At the Foresters' picnic at San Jose on Bunker '
Hill day the Companions outnumbered the For
esters three to one.
Piedmont Circle or Oakland, by the manner in
which it assisted its financial secretary during. his
recent Illness, showed that it understands the true i
principle of fraternity.
America Circle is actively at work in its own !
jurisdiction and also without its limits. Delegations
are sent out to visit other circles on their meeting
nights and the circ.e is mil ai Dg frequently.
l he iii'-icaiions. from the recommendations pre- i
senteo, lead to t le expression of opinion tii»t the '
Dew board of deputies will be a t;o<xl one, arid that I
great things are expected from It.
At its last held meeting California Circle, after
hearing a report from its delegate to Ukiah. con !
eluded to surrender its charter. It was stated that !
there are other circles that will do likewise. i
I
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Equity Lodge of Sacramento held a rousing
meeting last Wednesday night. One candidate
was initiated, the work being performed by the I
full uniformed team. The secretary now has nine !
applications op his desk. Grand Protector T. A. j
Lauder, who was present, made a viry Interesting !
address, as did also Its net DeDUty Silas Orr. It
was expected that Grand Secretary Carleton would I
have been present, but business prevented bis at
tendance. He sent word that he would be with !
the lodge at a future lime, I
A grand union meeting of the Alameda County
lodges will be held in the hall of Berkeley Lodge
on the evening of the 13th of July.
Star Lodge of Honor* Is adding new members to
its roll at every meeting. Grand Vice-Protector I
Mr*. Belie Conrad Is In Sonora for the summer,
and during her stay there will frequently visit the !
lodge.
Past Protector Emma Grant of Pacific Lodge
has been appointed district deputy, vice Mrs. L. JC !
Kenmson, resigned.
Only three-members of the order lost their lives
by the cyclone that passed over Su Louis.
One assessment, No. -J4O. has been levied for
July.
The National Union.
The ninth and tenth assessments for 1896 were '
levied on the 10th insi. and will become delin
quent on the 10th or July. - r - : :.'
Last Wednesday California Council conferred ■
the degree in amplified form on ten candidates.
Lust Friday time applications were received by i
Onion Council and four candidates were initiated. :
last Monday nichi Deputy P.. t". Wells, as- '
sisted by President Dillon of Pacific Council, ex- i
President Meehan and President l>o:itie of Cali
fornia Council Instituted Oakland Council with I :
forty-six charier members, ihe following were
elected as officers and installed: Fred T. Wood,
ex-president: N. 11. Jacks, presld nt; s. H. Me:- j '
viii. vie— president; Frank I. Miller, secretary; !
S. P. Meatle, speaker: ii. Q, Walker, financial sec- '
retary; G«or<?e B. M. Gray, treasurer: John F.
Ames, chaplain; W. 31. Gardner, nsner: Charles
Dukes, lericeant-at-arms; A. Humptuey, door
keeper; ■ J. W. Kobiuson, F. J. Woodward, Ed i
Lawrence, trustees.
Jr. Order of United American Mechanics. j
From the number of demands that have been j
made for tickets for the open meeting and smoker
to be given by James A. Garfield Council this ]
evening at 32 <-'Farrell street the prospects are
that there will be a crush.
State Councilor ."-chaertzer, who attended the i
session of the National Council at Denver, Colo., '
is expected home to-day.
lue councils that will take part In the Fourth of '
July parade nad aHSided to have but one Boat,
but last week concluded to have two, one of which I
will be the little red schooihouse.
Last Thursday night Abraham Lincoln Council
initiated thirl>- candidates in ttie presence of a
large number of members of the order.
California Commandery has been invited by the j
Fourtii of July committee to tune part in the i
parade els a commandery.
s arr King Council will not parade o i the Fourth :
because the majority ot the members belong to the j
Native Sous and they intend to parade, with their
respective parlors.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
Grand President Wol c reports the prospects for i
the order in the southern part Of the State as very \
cheerful and so great was the enthusiasm on the
occasion of his recent visit in that section of the j
State thai lodges of Los Angeles have made him j
promise that he would visit them again at an early j
■ lav. There lias been a large Increase in members. ■
The Baron de Hirsch memorial service at Ban I i
Diego was a very Impressive one. The grand
president was present on that occasion and met I
with a very cordial reception.
i. rand secretary Levison is busy at this time <
sending to the lodges In the ;u-is>iictio i of District i ]
No. 4 the report of the committee on endowment
as prepared by Gabriel Colin, Herman Gutstadt, !
Joseph Rothschild, i dmund Tausky ana D. S. ■
U.rsnnerg. also a copy of the proposed plan of
beneficiary suggested by Albert Elkus and thai
recently adopted by the order of Chosen Friends
and known as ''the Morse plan." - ,
The report on endowment favors: First— Com- !
plete oniotiai endownment. Second — Half and !
full rate endownment. Third— A board of en- I :
do wment trustees. Fourth— A system of graded !
assessments.
The report then adds :
Complete optional endowment removes a bar-!
rier which has either in truth or by pretense kept ■ I
many of the most desirable members of our
Jewish community out of our order. Compulsory '
endowment keeps this desirable element out of '■
the order, retards Its development and must
eventually resalt in restricting the sphere of its 1
usefulness, "n.-tluitisand-dol ar or half-rate en- j
dowment should meet the views of that large, |
number of members who persistently claim that I
they would rather reduce the endowment than ' i
Increase the rates. The increase of rates being an : |
absolute necessit , the opportunity Is -still pre- j
senttd to insure for the dpcr.-asoa endowment at
the half rale. Tin- selection ot a board of endow- i
ment trustees to t-ke. charge, of all endowment
matters exclusively would very much simplify
the execution of its provisions - and permit the !
trusees of the District Grand Lodsce and the
general committee to devote their time and
efforts to the affairs of ihe ;-rami Lodge proper,
unhampered by the duties incumbent upon the
proper management or the endowment fund. The
system ot graded assessments is not only in ac
cordance with the expressed sentiments of ibe
last Grand Ledge, bit i.s the only method con
sistent with equity and justice. This lias become
so universally recognised ma elucidation seems
entirely unnecessary life insurance, like any
other business, must have a sound foundation
upon which an efficient superstructure can be
reared.
Young Men's Institute.
The following have been nam-d hy the grand
president as the members of the lecture bureau:
For the two-year term: PastCirand Presidents J. F.
Sullivan, F. J. Kierce and John Lynch and Rev.
Father J. McDonad; for the one-year term: Key.
P. C. Yorke, Grand Second Vice- President J. C.
Uonnell, Past Grand President J. F. Hmith and
Thomas H. Fallon. This board will outline the
lectures that are to De delivered before the various
couucils-
T.he board of grand directors met last week and
! appointed the following standinz committees:
! Finance— J. j. o'Br;en, T. H. Morris. T. H. ->ie- i
QinniS andC. F. Healv: supplies— r. B. McGinnis, !
F. Hooson, C. P. Healy an 1 L. E. MaliHii; con- j
, stitution and laws— a. ». si. Sure, J. J. o"Brien, ■
i. H. Mori is. K. a Dockwieier and T. B. McGin
nls assistant editors o: the insiitute Journal,
; 1. 11. Morris. F. Hooson and J. J. O'Brien.
The following named were appointed acomrtlt
tee to confer with ibe various City councils with a
I view to take part in the Golden Gate carnival: T.
11. Morns, l. B. Mc-inn.ss and J. J. O'Brien,
i Grand .-ecretary Stanley has sent to each of the j
councils a letterdrawingutteution to the approach- I
ing carnival,
santa Cruz Council gave an entertainment on
the loih instant.
The Key. Father Louis Daniel, a prominent
member of the council of Vailejo, died In tbnt
city last Wednesday, and on Friday his remains i
were laid at rest In Benicia.
At the meeting of supreme delegates he!d last |
, week a nutnuer of recommenda: io s were made to j
I the supreme d>rectors. who are to meet in Day- I
j ton, Ohio, on the 24th instant. One of these is tue j
, establishment of a National official organ.
Hereafter the Supreme Council will is-ue chiir-
I ters to new councils. That b >dy has adopted the
- one prepared and heretoiore used by the Grand I
Council of California without change, except the ,
substitution of supreme where the word grand oc
> curs and the name of tbe locality.
The copy of t lie proceedings of the last held !
I grand session is in the hands of the printer. The '
, grand secretary expects to have iliein out during
I the early part of July. Four hunured copies have I
, been ordered.
A number of societies in the East that are pat- !
terned after the V. M. L, have under consideration j
consolidation with the Young Men's Institute.
Young; l.:nli<-«' Institute.
The eighth biennial session oi ttie Young Ladies'
' institute will beheld in the hall of the Y. M. 1.,
i commencing on the 7th of next month. On the
! morning of that day the delegates will attend high
mass at St. Mary's Cathedral, which will be uele
! brated by the Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Father
Prendegrast, On the evening of the 9th of the
! month th»? delegates will be entertained by the
.-an I rmuisco councils in Metropolitan Hall.
Tomorrow evening the grand president will pay
an official visit to Grass Valley Council.
Order of ( 1 Frieixlo.
Last Wednesday Grand Councilor Boehm was
I greeted by a large audience on the occasion of iiis
visit to Sacramento Council .No. 96. This council
, has been invited to go in a body on a fraternal
visit to Franklin Council at Franklin on the 25th
ins:. Grand officers will be In attendance.
The officers of Sacramento Council will be ml
l stalled on the Ist of July. A number of the grand
officers will be present.
The grand councilor paid an official visit to C»Ii
; fornia Council in tb.s City on the 13th inst. To
nk'hi he will visit Concord Counc.l.
The picnic committee has completed its arrange
ments for the event, which is to take place In San
' Jose on Saturday next. From th demand for
tickets it is npparen- that there wlfl be a good at
tendance. The grand councilor was In the Garden
City last wet k in connection with the arrange
ments for the picnic.
Ijist Wednesday Grand Recorder Wallis consoll
j dated Washing on and Eclectic cornices.
■ On Wednesday the grand councilor's deputies
wi:i hold a meeting for the purpose ot making ar
rangements for the installation of officers of sub
ordina c councils.
Grand Councilor Boehm will visit Fairmount
Couucll on Thursday, lie will visit Marin Couu
; cil In San Kafa«l on t'>e 17th of July.
Last Monday Grand Recorder Wallis reorgan
ized Fremont Council at Salinas and initialed two
candidates,
["he iniiiatory team has been i.otifled to appear
In the hall of Kvans Council on ihe evening of the
25th for the purpose of initiating several candi
dates.
t.r.mi Trustee McFad,len of Los Angeles was
; in this City last week. He reports the order iv
: good condition in that section of the State.
i Juanua council gay» an entertainment last
; Tuesday, supreme Vice-Councilor L R. Webster
and I'asi Supreme Councilor A mold delivered ad
dresses. This is a new counc.l and the memucrs
are very enthusiastic.
Knight* of the Golden Kagle.
California Castle conferred degrees on several
candidates last Wednesday.
Pacific Castle received several applications last
Tuesday. At tne meeting t i t>e be 'i on Ihe In of
July at least a dozen candidates will be initiated.
• olden Gnte Chapter will have a boose-warming
In its new quarters in . be Aic '/.ur building on Mon
day, the 29th. The castle will pubiiciy install Its
officers in ■o . iai Hall on the -3th o July.
Californlt Castle vv i ! 1 have a i»ooai ni.-e 1 mg on
M mday, the Ist o: July, which will be theflrsi
meeting of the new term, beverai oi the grand
officers will be presen 1 . and the newly elected ofh
cers will be Installed.
On the last Monday in the month Golden Gat*
Cast •• will organis a degree team.
A new castle la being organised at I'etalumuand
another at Santa Rosa
Alpha remple No. l Initiated several candidates
at i:.- last ni etlng an.d will Initiate several more ut
the meeting to be held next Friday. )he election
of officers will be held ai the next s.-ssion
repori trom s ar of Pomona Tempie No. 2 at
Pomona shows tlnu during the lenu it doubled its
membership.
Woodmen oi tli» World.
Western Addition Camp, which is making rapid
progress under iis present officers, gave a smoker
last Monday night In Franklin Hall, which was a
very successful affi.ir. State Deputy de Rocomade
the address of the evening and it was well re
ceived. As a result of :hi.< meeting fn applica
tions were filed. T is camp, organised but two
months, is already showing tLe < fleets of dlred re
sults In the careful selection made In tin- outs -t,
and if it keeps up the pace at whit h ii is moving at
this nine it will boj.i xjual if noi outstrip those
camps thai have b; en a long tune i i existence.
The following-named have been elected dele
gates to tl. ,- Head Camp that is to meet In Helena,
.Mont. : M. T. Moses und j. i,. Geary ot this City,
M. de Boco of i.or.n, HL o. Tubbsof Hacramento
and H. L. Critteiiile.. of sacramento.
Royal Areaa ,m. '
This evening Argonaut Council will celebrate
the nineteenth anniversary of the order by a s;rand
entertainment, to b given In Sn lels ' buildinir, on
O'Fnrrfll sir t-t. lh<> sonvenir nmi dance pro
grammes, wblcb are pen sketches by M. s. de
Roco. the secretary of the council, are models of
neatness and good taste ami show a talent Beldom
found in a person who is not a professional designer.
The programme of exercises is a very select one
and the entertainment will close with a dance, .\
large attendance is looked for as more than 600
"double" invitations have been called :or and de
livered. A general invitation is extended to all
Visiting members of the order.
The councils in 1 os Angeles will observe the an
niversary by appropriate exercises.
American Legrton <>r Honor.
Grand Commander Hlben is on vacation from
nis ministerial duties. He will visit councils that
are where he may visit
Grand Secretary Burton has sent out the blanks
for the slmi-annuiil lemons, which close on the
30th inst. The tuon hly repor s for the closing
ti rm make .-i favorable showing.
In the early part of August the Assocla'ed Coun
cils will give an open meeting, when a firsi-clais
literary and musical programme win be presented.
Knighis of Honor.
There wns al.irge number of Knights present in
th hall of Port una l.odt;e, last Thursday to listen
to an address byi'iiapliiin Young.
On Tuesday evening, the 30lh inst., the twenty
third annlverstry of the founding of the order will
be observed by a celebration la R. B. Hall
Kni B ht« of the Haecabees.
Snn Francisco Tent at its review on Friday
night appointed a committee ;o prepnre n pro
gramme for an open meeting to be held early la
July. At the nexi in -eting Officers will be elected
The last held meeting of Modio Tent was a very.
interesting one and several members were ad
mitted.
Golden Gate Hive, la-lies of the Maccabees,
held a joint outing with Ihe ladies of Oakland at a
picnic held in Ulair's Park on the 11th Hist. There
were more than 200 ladies preset.! and there were
a zreat many knights. ,1 had a pleasant time.
Order of Pendo.
Golden Gate Council No. 11 has elected the fol
lowing named officprs to serve for ttie ensuing six
months: Sarah M. Smith, P. C; Joseph J. Fm:en,
<■; George Waterman, V. C. ; Kr eat Dud en, 8.;
W.T. .tones, T.j Kate Geary, chaplan.; liaunah
h. Morrill, (!. : Mabel Gray, W.. and Alexander
\\ illiams, sentinel.
During the current month officers will be elected
by all Ihe councils of the order
A new council is being organized in Missoula,
Mont.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jink. 1896.
Kxplanation.
Tb» arrow niea with the wind. The top figures
•X station indicate maximum temperature for the
toys; thos,- underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and bimdredths.
Coring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; i|o>
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hluh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weaibe;: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by olondy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually flrs: appt-ar on tue Washington
coast. When the pressure :s high in the interioi
and low along the coast, mid the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when che "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south ot (iregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ihe vi.-.n.ty of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to theCaliforuia coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. Ihe reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
T'kited States Departmknt of Aoßicni/-
Ti-gK. Wkatheb Bitreac, Sax Francisco, June
81, 1896, sp. it Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 62, Red r.luff 100. San Francisco 64,
Fresno 100, San Luis Oblspo 78, Los Angeles »2,
San Ijiego 66, Yuma 10K
Sun Francisco data—Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 49. mean 56.
1 be pressure continued highest on the Washing
ton coast and lowest in southwestern Arizona.
Fair wnatlier continues in the Pacific Coast
sia'cs except in Eastern Oregon and Idnbo.where
cou.lv wen her pri-vaila ami occasional showers
antt thunderstorms have occurred to-day.
Forecast made at sail Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, June 22. 1896:
.Northern California—Fair Monday; fresli to
brisk tiorthwtt winds on the uorti.ern coasi.
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh to
brisk westerly winds.
Nevada—Fuir Monday.
I'tah — Fair Monday.
Arizona —Fair Moudaj-.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Monday, fre.st
to brisk westerly winds. W, H. Mammon,
Forecast Official.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Pfrarttire Krom San Franc Moo.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN.MOON AND TIDE.
r. f. Coast *xn c;Eoi>KTin >-'nivtT Trn»)
Bo£Uram Pt'Bt.isHKn BT ORyiOIAI, r
Mom) iv, June 22.
Pun rises 4.47; .Moon rises
Sun iwis 7 37, Moon seta . l.titUM
.> utk- In tnt> a'Htve exposition of the tides the
f«rly mornlrn; tides are Riven in the if ft hand
column, nrid tie siirces<<ivi- tides of the dnv In the
order of occurrence a? to time. The secoini time
column give* the second tide of the day, the thirl
time column the third Ide, and the lust or nsrlit
hand column (fives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The h»'isrhts (riven ire additions to the
soundings on the United" Stntes Cosflt Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
nrlgh'. and th"n the numher given Is subtractlve
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. June 21.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 18 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 101-2 heurs: pass and
njdsf, to Mendoclno Lumber (Jo.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 14 hours from Fort Brags :
pass and mdse, to J s Kimbnll.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 20 hours from Eel
River: pass r.nd mdse, to lluss, Sanders A Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. '.'6 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stsnr Pomona, Doran, It! hours trom Eureka:
pass nml milse. to (.oodall. Perkins * Co.
• sclir Occidental. Brandt, 36 hours from Eureka:
lumber, to order. (;a<lun<i din ct.
Schr Del XoriP.^Broivn, 51 hours from Ho«,'ee
River; salmon, etc, to 11 I) Hume & Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 18 hours trom fleams
LitinUnsr: woo I and KR lies, to Bemler uroi.
Bchr Maid of Orleans, Aril, 7 days irom Grays
Harbor: lOft cords lumber, to California Barrel Co.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days irora Grays
Harbor; lumber, so 6 X simle Lumber Co. Valiejo
direct. . . - - ■
•Schr Chas it Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros it' Co.
Schr Archie and Footle, Colstrup, la hours from
Flsks MMI; 80 eds wood, to Mig:ir.s it Collins.
Schr Five Brothers, Hwunnssen, Xi hours from
Bihiers Poluij wood, to Ja.nes Johnson.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 7 hours from Bodega;
60 bxs butter, to Ross* Hewlett.
- Schr Melancthon, Bel s -n, 7. days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Mine*!. .•..'•■";■■,
SUNDAY, June 21.
Simr Alice Riant-hard. Dunham, Portland. . ;;
Stmr Pnrallon. Roberts, Yaqulna Bay.
Strnr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura.
Haw bark Santiago. Johnsen.' Hilo.
Bark Gen Falrchtl-I. Brannau. Nanalmo.
Schr Neptune. Kstvold, Grays Harbor.
Schr W S Phelps, Mercer, Mendoclno. .
Schr Ocean Spray, Nel-on.
'^••leura«hln.
POINT LOBOS. June 21—10 P. m.- Weather
hazy : wind SW; velocity.- IB miles.
■ Ooino.ntio Forts, -
PORT BLAKELKY— Sailed June 20— Bark Co
lumbia, for san Francisco. .
MKNDOCINO— Sa.led June VU-Stmr Point Are
na, :or San Francisco.
Importation*.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 21-Sohr Novelty, for
San Francisco, •■ : ••-■■'
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived i June 21 - Schr
Bertie Minor, rom Port Townsend.
POINT ARENA— Point An?na-2 flrklns 43
bxs butter. 1 cs eggs, 1 dry hide, 14 dreessed lio.-s,
1 bx hardware, 4 sks -shells, 24 hf bis woof, 10
hides and pelts, 21 sks peas. .
Mendocino— l cs eggs, 2 pkgs mdae, 1 bbl wire.
Nnvarra— 6ooo Hit tie*.
EUREKA- Per Pomona— 2 \ cs dry goods. 37
rslls I bx leather. 1 hx hardware,33 tubs 5V« kegs,
276 bxs butler. 1 pkg riadles, 3 crts berries, 2 bbls
mm water, 37 M shingles. '20 Mft lumber, 11 hf
' sks wool, 1 bx noiious, 1 s* coin, 3 txlls hldes.l b.x
I sundries.
Junction— l 73 sks potatoes.
};o merville— 2B2 sks potatoes.
SANTA t'Ul'Z- Per (tipsy— J bxs butter, 6 pcs
iron, 6 cs cheese. 300 bbls lime, 1 pk^ pork, 6 bas
kets.
i >io«s Landing— ss3 sks oats.
Soquel— J. sks sharKtins 1 coil rope.
Pigeon Point— s sks seed.
Amesnort — 14 tubs 4 bxs butter, 4 cs cheese, 7
sks sreen peas.
PuRT KKN YON— Per Weeott— 32o bxs butter,
j46 keiis butter 10 sks outs. -4 sks peas, 1 hdl ry
j frnii, 50 bdls hides, i bx hardware. 1 cs fro^s, 3'J
! dressed calves, 1 sk coffee, 393 liogs. 25 cJs stave
i bolts.
Per Pomona— A C Nicnols & Co: A Crocker <fc
: Bros; Brigham.lloppt-.fcr ■ Dairymen's Union: J >
M. Moore; Dodge, B weeney & Co; Weil uros: c»r
--! roll.fe Carroil : Thos Dennisan <fe Soiis: Arctic Oil
Works: Hum nmrisco Lumber Co; Hooper d: Jen- |
I nlngs; CE Whitney & Co. (ietz Eros i Co: Key- I
I stone Bros; lliimer, Bredhoff A Schuiz: C F .Mar-
I wedel: Wells. Farso tfe Co. Norton, Teller & Co; (' j
1 Netimmi & Co; llulme * Hart -.Standard Oil Co; \V ;
; s ha.- k ford- L D Stone & Co: Hillsßros; Mission
I Lumber Co: Wolf* Son; Wheaton, Breon & Co;
I W J si.n-ve * Co.
Per Oips —Moore, Ferßuson <fc Co: P Gusmam:
i Norton. Teller Ji Co; H Cowell & Co: Napa Soda
Works; Herman Joost: Brigham, Hoppe *: Co; A
W Fink; Wheaton. Breon A Co; Calnornia Fruit
! Co. Hammond & Bro.l; <; ciangoinettl.
Per Weeoti— Russ, Sanders .V. Co; F II Haijrht ; J
I McDermott: Norton, Teller * Co; O B Bmlth A Co:
V E Whitney & Co: VVIUeI * Haker: Fo.«t-r it Co:
Elt Stevens * Co; Wheaton, Brton A Co: h fc
Steele <t Co; J Schweitzer A Co: Standard Oil Co:
Western Meat Co: Brigham, Hoppe.fe Co; Ro li.
Blum & Co; M Kalish A Co; Hammond A Brod ; J
I Fol.eriCo; California Karn-I Co: H Tliieler: Cl
I de Luca: Dodge. Sweeney <fc Co: H Uutard; Waier-
I house & Lester: Murphy, Grant & Co: P Gregory
FORT BRAGO— Per Noyo—l bdl spokes, 1 pkss
chain, 1 bx axes, 4 sks abalones. 1:65,^81 ft lum
ber.
I'er N iyo— (Jetz Bros <JfcCo: I'nion Lumber Co:
Miller, Sloss <fe Scott; tluker* Hamilton.
per Point Aren:i— Wilson A Baeclitel; tiuffalo
1 Brewery. FreiJericksburj; Brewery; FBHalght;
Thos Dennan, Son * Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co;
Norton, Teller <t Co; Murphy, (irant <fcCo; Ballard
\ <t HhII; Dairymen's Union; Standard Oil Co; Ross
& Hewlett.
j For Late Shipping InMlUjence See Thirteenth Pup.
OCEAJI STEASISHIPB.
ASTORIA iffIPOHLAHtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fcuueof California sails. June 2, 12 and 23
Colombia sails June 7, 17 and ii
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier VS4) at 10 *. x.
eOODAJLU PERKINS * CO, GenL Bnpts.
F. F. CON: N UK, General Agent.
630 Market street.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
2Plx»ort Class &8.00
(Second Class Ad OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— few Montgomery Street
GOUIjALL, PKKKINS CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPUI
STKAMERS WILL bAIf, FROM J&J&-
-n Broadway wharf, San Franoisco, as ■fiinffrg
follows:
For Mary Island. LoHns;. WransreU Juneau. Kil-
Denoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., June 3,
13, ;8. as Ju > it. 1--. i Jo.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellineham Bar, Wash.). 9 a.*.
Jim- ''■ . la i*. '-•• in, ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltt»
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
| at Prattle with G. X. Ky.. tu, Port Townsend wlta
Alaokn steamer*.
For Kuroita. Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
boldt Bayi »tr. Pomona. 2 p. m.. June 2, r>. 10.
14 I •. z '.. ■_■, S > and every fourth day thereafter.
For (Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port llartord (San Luis OLlspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, flnencmc .<»n Pedro. Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jim-
4. 8, L- id. 'Ju, ~-i- 2» mid «very tourth day there-
I Kor Pan Plefro. stopping only at Port Harrorl
1 (San l.nis Oblspo), Banta Barbara, Port -lx>i
'• A.iceles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
1 a. M.. •■■! • % ■' '">■ 14; .8, '"■ U6, 30anJ every
lonrtfa day thereafter.
For Knsenada, saD Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
: Paz Altata and Ouayiuas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. M., June -. 27, and 25tiioi each month there-
a TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgonwry
* Ire 'VoODALJU PERKINS & CO., Geoi Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
1 COAUGIIE mm\i TR.WSATLASTI(|OE
!.•>'•• French Lin«» to Havre.
I COMPANY". PIKR(NKW),42 -NORTH Jfr*l\^
\J River, foot of Morton sL* Travelers by ■&(■££s£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aaj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a jiu.ttl
toat. Naw YorK to Alexandria, Sgypt, via Pan*
tint-class f 160: second-class, $116.
I. A TOURAIXE. CapU SanteUl.. ..Hay 2A. BA. M.
LA SOEMANDIE May '.'3. 8 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ...Ju c '.'O, 7a. M.
La miX ■. ...ViUi'. - July 4. 6a. k.
LA GAS:COt4NE July 25. 11 a, X.
LA V(|P,vl WHIR AIITMSt 1, 5 A. it
; LA BOUROOOXE, Cant. li«b -»«>nf. . June 6, 7a. m.
tar For further partlcnlara apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
If 3Bov in - « r e-ri, New Yorfc
t. F. FUGAZI & CO Agents, 6 ilontuomarr
•venue. San Francuct.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. ft uRffIS.L «
HAWAII. SAMOA, L± HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ||jj BY
AUSTRALIA. \Jf S.S. AUSTRALIA.
I S. S. ALA.MKDA sails via HONOLULU and
i AtCKI.AND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 23,
i at Line m. COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
i South Africa.
NS AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
'■ day July 11, at 10 a. m. Snecial party rates.
J. D. SPRBCKKLS & MRUS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEASJACKET COIPAIT.
OTEAMER? LEAVE ASPIXWAJ.L >s*gu
O fortnishtly for the West Indies and vsH-Wtß
I Southampton. culling en route at C-rbourgli.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills- of lading, in connection with the
i Pacific V. nil 8. S. Co.. issued for freight anil treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class $97 50. For further particulars apply to
paruutt & CO., Agents,
306 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At ;> I*. M. Daily.
Sunday at 7 l\ 31.
tfg- Accommouations Reserved by Telephone.
: T. C. Walker, ,1. D. Tet«T+,
; Mary Garrutt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. May. and Impu Co
fALLEJO. MAIIK ISL .J»,-*BitfICIA, IMR.
COSTA AID CROCKETT.
!»TK. MOXTK KI,LO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. ».
and 4, v. it ; Saturday, lt>:;;o a. if.', 3:30 r. m;
Sunday— r. it.
•*». M. only.
Landing, Atisalon 1, tier *•
| RAIJLROAD TRAVEL.
MiTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
CVia Ssiusulito Ferry).
From San Francisco. , „•„.„ n-Inc June 15, 1898.
I WKKKDAYS.
For Milt Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *Boo
-0:1.. 10:15, 11:46, A M. : * 1:15, ..:,0, 4:13.
6:16. *o:0o. u:S6 p. m. . •
; Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne«-
aaysand Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00. *9 00
•10:00, 11-.3JA. M.;**ij.3,. »i :o (t, *VJ-15 »4 : ()O
ll^ob b A*M B:3 ° -m - hi ' r '» tli P to Situs'aiitoiit
Trains marked • run to ~Kan Quentin. •*i>-'n
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley "
THROUGH TRAINS.
_ or Point Reyes an.i way sci.:ioM_B:oo a.m.
Saturdays: 9 am. .Sun.l ■ »; 6:16 v . M. H( , U^,*
For : «- i R-v, fazalero and way ion's—
8:00 a. m. Sundays: . :15 p m. «..i'tiuv<.
fe *m MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
13'WWflW^M limilllUUU IllaU I VBiLlJvitallzi'r.theprßScrip-
■7v <w^' PV BY* -*o\ ii * lor iol a fkmous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
■A\ *\ / \"\ - vl voua or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
mi £mHI Vi i^JtiJ Insomnia, Pains in the Back, Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility,
.Hi V #^L T '35**' Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele and
M >^ r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
■l nessofdischnrpe, which if notcheckpd leads to Spermatorrhoea and
■ BEFORE *mi-> AFTFO all the horrors of liapotency. CUl»ll>KsJJG cleanses thellver, the
■ ot . unt> «WBMPitM kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
'■~ CVPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
ProatstltlM. CUPIDENKIr the only kno-v'i remedy to cure without un ration, 5000 testlmoDl.
als. A writtra guarant«*e given and money returned If six boxes dors not effect a permanent euro,
§1.00 n box, «i for J.\oO, by mail. Bend for feck circular and testimonials. .
Address to A VOL. HKDICXNIS CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.' For sale by
B110OKS" PIIAKMACY, 11» PowtU streefc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.^ _
bFgledictm l\ rates by rail
• ....T0....
MONDAY JUNE 22.
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from p. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. h.
AP a ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tour.
$5.00 ktSleeper^
First-class tlckets,'includins*berth In 3J;IA.Of»
PnllmanStandard Sleeper. tiniU — 1_
This train will not stop to deliver or take on in,.
■ - '"„, nt intermediate stations, nor «vlll tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
r^F- Through Tickets for Puijet Sound
' point* on Salo »t Kodiucd Kate*.
For further Information a ply at
613 MARKET STKKET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco,
i RICHARD GRAY, X. H. GOODMAN,
I*" Gen. Trathc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
«4>l'TMK«jr l',»«:i*'lC COMPASH.
II'AOJKIC HTHXMi.)
Ti-mlrm Inivi' «ml «•«• «'"•* *• ■■■*»• •-»»
SAN IKAS<IM«.
tEAVE - Fr»M JCTXE7. JS3G. — ai:t:ivi
.*6:<MU Niits. San Josa and Way Stations, . . »:4-Vi
~:UOk Atlantic Express, OgiJeli and hast.. »--».»p
7:OOa Benicia. Vacavilie, Hums Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Iledding via
DavU ; 6:43p
7:0« a Martinez, San rvimon, Napa, Call*-
tcsa and Santa Rosa . e:l»P
»:!lOa Niii -i. Sau Jose, Stockton. lone..
•Sacramento, Marysville and Re*
Bluff J*;** 1
•8:3O\ Peters anil Milton *<:l.lp
»:««>a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles f **»'
9:OOa Martinez arid 5t0ckt0n........ II: .i: A
»:OOa VaUcjo fl: Ii? r
1 :OOp Niles. San Josi and I-iverniore 8:83 a
•l:OOi> Sacramento River Steamers •O:O»P
fl:3«r Port Costa and Way Stations t7i43p
4:OUi» Martinez, Ban Ramon, .Vallojo,
Nuiia, < "alistogii. El Verauo uuC
SiiuUßosa 9:15 a
«:«<li" Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights , Landing, Marysvill^,
Orovilio and Sacramento 10:18 a
4:39i> Nile:), San Jose, Livcrmoro and
S Stockton 7tlsr
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11;45a
SlOOr New Orleans i;ii>re2s, Fresno, Bakers«
•ield, SaiiU Iliirliara.l.os Angelcsj
.Doming, Xl Paso, New Orleans sna
Sast IO:13A
StOOp Santa Fu Route. Atl.iutic Kxpress
forMojave and East 10:13 a
8:00p Vallejo II :4 a
6:«<>i- Buropean Hall, Ogden and Kast.... 9:i-"»A
O:O«»i» Hayunnlrt, Nil. sand Sun .lose 7:ts\
t7:ooi- Vallejo t~:43r
7:OOr Oregon HxpresH.Sacrainento, Marys- 4
ville. Reililin?, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kast 10:43 a
" SA.YI'A «!KI)Z PI VISION (Narrow <;«ngo). "~
" 17:45 a Santa Cruz Kxcnrsion, Hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JBiMr>
B>l3a NfuTark.Centervi iit-.Nan. lose, Felton,
Oonlder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5i5«P
••:13p Newark. Ce'itervillf, Sau Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Bonliler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "Mian*
(1:15 1- Newark. San Jose and In* Gatos *['J:^Oa
COAST DIVISION (Third & loivnspii.l Ms.}
•6:15 a San .lose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
' J7;3oa. Sunday Kxcursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations , t»i3»r
■:13A .San .lone, Tim Piuos, Haute (,'ruA
*'acilio Orove, Paso Rubles, Sa*
I.uiß Obispo, Guadslnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations' 7:03
10:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
■ <):!Oa Ham Jose and Way Stations 3:OOp
■ 1:3Oa Palo Alto and AVay Stations 3:30p
•2:3ol' Han Mate", Menlo Park, Sun .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms,
Balinan,Montereyaiid PacilicGroro *IO:40a
•3::ioi- San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *1;3OP
*4i3Oi> San Joee and Way Stations "■< !(
S:3Ui> Jose and Principal Way Stations **:-ISa
«::k»i- San Jo3O aud Way Stations «:33a
HI:I5i» San .loawand Way Stations t?:l.*>p
SAX LI.AM)K:> A.M» HA Iff A l.»l' AI,.
»*6:00.0 ( 7:15 a
»:o<>a 1 t9:I.»A
io.oSi* Melro«., Seminary Park, | ftjgj
***£& Fitebbnrg,Sa»Leii dro »f||gj
8:00p an d 4:43p
4:00p "" - * 3:43f
»:OOp Howard. 6:1 5p
7:«0p ' " S:4*t
S:00p ,_ . . . „., I 9:-l.lr
9:OOp i Runs through to Niles. j io:!>0p
;tII:ISpJ « From Niles. I. t-I2:00r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SAN mNSISCO— Foot of Market Street iSi in 8)—
•7:15 9.P0 11:00 a.m. U:00 »2:30 *3:CG
M:00 13:00 *6:Cor.u.
Tom OAKLAND— or Broad *aj.— -t> : 00 8:00
10:00 a.m. |1C:OO '1:00 «:00 *3:CO tI:CC
"5:03p.m. 1 . • . .. - ■.-_-■ '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays oily
{ Sundays only
ii Monday. Thursday Mil Saturday nights only
_5 Palurilnya an 1 isttndays for Mcata t ■-■ ,
SAi\ T FRAM»S{M SOUTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— X'oot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Knfttel.
WEEK DATS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-3 V
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips ac 1-59
and 11:30 p. if.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 a
6:00, 6:20 P. sc.
San Kafael to San Francinco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. *.•
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. h.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:.id, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40 l
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part same
schedule as above.
Leave ' i t,, _<•__, Arrive '
San Francisco. | April 2. San Francisco.
Wekk I Sex- i^iSatloii Srjj.-- | Week
Days. I days. j"M»"fttion. ])AVK j DATa
7:30 am 1 7:30 am; No vat o, 110:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 9:'AO am Petalnma, 6:05 pm! 10:10 am
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.| 7:80 pm 6:15 ph
Fulton, j
7:30 am| Windsor, 10:10 am
ITcaldsburij, !
Geyserville, I
3:30 PM 7:30 am | t'lovt-rdale. 7:30 pm! 6:15 PM
.'I Pieta. j j ,':
7:30 am Hopland & I 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am j L kiah. ; 7:3oPMj6:ir> PM
7:30 am 1 10:10 AH
7:50 am Guerneville. i 7:30 pm •
3:30 pm l :. | I 6:15 pm
7:30 ax 1 7:30 am Sonoma ( 10:40 am! 8:40 mi
' and
5:10 PM|r>:oo pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 en I 6:15 pm
7:90 am 7:30 am s _w__ t _ no , i 10:40 am 1 10:10 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm: »>♦ DM " l| ' ( "' j 6:05 pmj 6.15 rx
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Murk West
Springs; at Goyserville for Rlrafjgji Springs; at
Cloverd ale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hletiland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and junkepori: at
Hopland for .Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga ."■primr*. Blu-.^
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Laice, I'omo, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Uerley's, Buck-
nell's, San'ieririn Heights Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Urr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal, Wllle;s, Canto, Co*
ve;o, Laytonviiie, ilarris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roucd-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond Sun Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle building,
H. C WHITING. K. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Hon. Ha-**. Agent.
Atlantic • <I^^^J
Pacific
RAILROAD Vi^^-Si*-
Trains leave from an I arrive <Ca l^ttjFrJ
at Market-Street Ferry. >JpisUfcs»g^j-f5 j
SANTA FE EXr'Ktso
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 r. m.. carrying Pulnma
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to U>ica|o
via Kansas City without change. Annex car» tot
■rnTwoVSr^TA FE ROUTE EXCUR;
leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest un-to-dat* upholstered tour.st
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, runnm?
1 The" best railway from California to the East
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting sceneryj
and good meals in Harvey's dlnlng-roonn-
Tickot Oltlce-<>44 Market Street,
, ' Chroniulo BulltHna;.VOTERS THINKING
FOR THEMSELVES.
Unusual Condition of Poli
tics in Alameda
County.
A NEED OF SINCERITY.
Big Responsibility Rests With
Republican Campaign
Leaders.
SECESSIONS OF FOUR YEARS.
There Is Great Hcpe of a Return of
Fealty to Republicanism Next
November.
Oakland Office Sas Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, June 21. I
If the voters all over the country are of
the same mind as those of Alameda
County there will be more intelligence
shown at the polls in November than at
any election for twenty years past. This
■was plainly demonstrated at the big meet
ing last night in the Tabernacle.
It was the most thoughtful, earnest
gathering that has ever been seen in Oak
land. The people — men and women —
vrent with open minds, and came away
thinking. Everybody seemed to have de
cided to arrive at their own conclusions
and not to let any one else do their think
ing for them. All realized that there is a
commercial, industrial and financial crisis
to be faced if the country is to return to
her former prosperity. Little apprecia
tion was shown for jincro talk and prom
ises of the bubble variety, but cold, clear
facts, such as those related Dy W. R.
Davis, were eagerly listened to and pon
dered over. AJameda voters will not vote
this year under any leash; they will vote
as conscience and judgment dictate. Far
more than in the ordinary sense is this
'"the people's year." The promises of the
Democracy, made in the same old Taber
nacle four years ago, have been so ruth
lessly broken that faith in party plat
forms and promises has received a shock,
and the people want to hear all sides of
the great current questions and decide for
themselves.
Under these unusual circumstances the
managers of the Republican [campaign in
tikis county carry a very heavy responsi
bility. No superficial sophistical argu
ments will convince such an intelli
gent and sober-minded audience as
was seen last night. They want
facts and facts only. If ever there
was a campaign of education in this
county it is at this time. The voters have
been wafted about by every political wind
that blows until they are so scattered that
party lines are in danger of being lost. In
OaKland, especially, is this the case, and
men once ranked as party leaders are now
hovering between two or three opinions.
The man who can deal only in generalities
and whose speeches are of the red-rnbber-
Btamp order, had better stay at home, as
he wiil do the party more harm than good
during the coming campaign. Nothing
but the pure gospel of Republicanism can
bind these elements. Any one who takes
the stump in Alameda County for per
sonal advancement will do untold harm.
Staunch Republicans have been looking
forward for three years to this Presidential
campaign in th* hope that it would re
store Alameda to her rightful place as the
banner Republican county in the State.
-A glance at the people holding office in
the city and county will give the best idea
of the existing conditions and of the need
of sincere work on the part of Republicans
during the campaign. Four years aco
every official of the city of Oakland and
the county of Alamecla was filled by a Re
publican. In 1892 piece clubs began to ap
pear and Democrats were elected for
Sheriff and County Tax Collector. Two
years later the condition of affairs was
worse tor the Republican party. Populists
ii;ied the oiiices of Sheriff, County Treas
urer and County Superintendent of
Schools. The dissatisfaction was also
manifested at the City Hal!, and a Pop
uiist Mayor, one Councilman and a mem
ber of the Board of Works, who is alao
C ' i r y Engineer, were elected. The Pop
u:i-t majority in the Board of Works
caused the appointment of Populut heads
to the Police and Btreet departments.
While all this has been going on iocaily,
old-time Repuolicans have been looking
for 1896a3 a sort of chronological Moses
to lead the voters back to their first love.
The time is now here, and although a
recapitulation of the facts is not very
gratifying, it will serve a eood purpose,
if only to impress upon the leaders the
urgent necessity of regaining lost ground.
George Carleton is a walking history of
Oakland. For over thirty years George
has been mentally compiling data of this
county and when information is wanted
he can always supply it. What is troub
liag George most at present is the number
of murderers that are still enjoying the
comforts of lite, who should according to
his idea have been attended to long ago.
Carleton says that he has seen over thirty
murder trials in this county and only
three times has death been the penalty
althouph many convictions were obtained.
Owing to "technicalities" unheard of out
side of California, the majority are walk
ing the streets and breathing the air of
liberty.
"I don't feel like mentioning names,"
said George to-day, "but there are people
in this city who have told me that they
feel they ought to apologize to me for be
ing on the streets. They know perfectly
well they should have been hung years
ago, bat they are still here. There is one
roan, who is a member of an old Spanish
family, who has cheated the gallows once
and he actually told me that he feels
ashamed to walk down Broadway because
be always meets somebody whose presenco
reminds him that he should have been
translated long ago. This is a sanctuary
fcr murderers over here. If they land in
this county they are safe."
"Old man Jones" — nobody knows him
by any other name — who has been con
fined to bis cot in the Gounty Jail, await
ing his second trial for the murder of
Dutel many years ago, made a peculiar
yet a reasonable request last week. Jones
has been given as much publicity as any
two men that ever entered the jail. He
was convicted on his first trial, but, as
usual, was granted a second one eleven
years ago. Before it was set the old
murderer was taken with paralysis, and
he has lain on his cot ever since.
Now he has a desire to see how much
the world has progressed since he went to
bed in 1884. He is anxious to see an elec
tric car, and, although they have whizzed
by tue jail for three years, he has not yet
seen one. The old man has learned mnch
since he first went to jail. He has listened
to the conversation of prisoners so long
tnat he has compiled a set of rules by
which ho judges of the guilt or innocence
and of the length of time they have led
lives of crime.
"I have not made a mistake in years,"
said Jones. "When lam rolled out in the
corridors I can hear all that is going on.
I have told the Sheriff sometimes of my
conclusions in regard to his prisoners and
I have always been right. I listen to the
tone of tneir voices and to their anecdotes
and experiences, and now, as soon as a
new prisoner arrives, I can tell, after hear
ing him talk, just what he is. Although
the jailer separates the different classes as
much as possible, he cannot do justice to
all under the existing conditions. Often
young fellows come in here who are far
from being criminal?, and Irom having
criminal instincts. The first few weeks they
are somewhat reticent. Then I can hear
them getting callous, little by little, from
contact with seasoned criminals, and when
their short terms are up they go out ten
times worse than they entered."
It is not likely that Jones' wish to see
tbe improvements of a decade will be grat
ified. His crime is regarded as a very cold
blooded one, and no one conversant with
the facts has any sympathy for him.
S. W. B.
ETHICS OF THE WHEEL
Dr. Graif Says the Bicycle Is a
Godsend and a Moral
Agent.
On the Sabbath, Though, It May Be
come a Pew-Emptying
Machine.
Oaklakd Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 2L )
This evening at the Twenty-first-street
Free Baptist Church the pastor, Rev.
Philip Graif, preached on "The Ethics of
the Wheel." rie said: "This is, perhaps,
not so much the age of newspapers, elec
tricity and the gold debate as it is of
wheels, whether of steamcar or factory,
sewing machine or bicycle. From time to
time various recreation craze 3 have cooled
! off and vanished, but evidently cycling is
not a passing fad— the quirk or toy of j
a day. Is the wheel an agency for j
j good or ill— which? What are its moral
| uses? If this style of sport helps to
j brighten the lack-luster eye, fill out the
hoilow cheek, exhilarate the sluggish limb
and recuperate the outworn brain and
heart, it is no small hygienic boon both to
body and soul. To neglect physical self
culture is not only to remain unsymmetri- j
cal in development, but to lack the best
elements of moral vitality and magnet- j
j ism.
"For the yonng especially the bicycle
seem" a godsend, inasmuch as it utilizes
pent-up energies which otherwise might
find vent in unnatural ways. Overflowing
animal spirits, unless held in leash and
curb, are too apt to run into nauchty
paths. Athletics are safer than an un
guarded imagination lolling in ease and
I luxury. It is Jess risk to punt a football
or sprint a wheel than to leave the pruri
ent and pampered flesh to its unholy de
vices.
"The best way to keep the veins red
blooded and the mind a-sparkle is in right
measure to woo the delights and freedom
of outdoor exercise. The new-fangled
l vehicle not only relaxes the overwrought
' nerve and unwrinkles the lenit brow, but
! pivrs to the cheek a rosier tint and teaches
the veins to ru^i with a deeper crimson
! and a happier flood. It is too often the |
j sedentary body that breeds sickly fancies ;
; and paints religion in unhappy hues. To I
i get away now and then from the smoke- j
hung, roaring City into broad azure hori- !
zons and dewy grass and green woods and I
swells of bird song is to trie humdrum
tethered toiler no small blessing.
"On a pneumatic steed, in park and ;
glen, to seek sweet release from dust and I
! din, is a freeman's privilege and joy. !
' When a man once becomes the mere acci- j
| dent of his workshop or counting-room j
i he is a slave, no matter if his yoke
be of or iron. Certainly if th- bicycle
I will curs our American nervousness, it
! will prove a desirable step in the evolution
and dignity of our National temperament.
"But. while the benefit of bicycle-riding,
in many respects, is great, there are all
too visible, some grave perils. So long as
it is not overdone, or does not infringe,
with libertine hand on the sacred uses or
the Lord's day, it fulfills a high mission.
Better let every day in the weeK sweat
and eroan under the whip than turn Sun
day into a cinder path or in;o a parade
ground. Bicycle larks on the Sabbath are
not accepted yet as the beet method for
training youth in morals or greatness.
"Loud "as may have been the pulpit's
thunder against wheel carnivals on Sun
days, the sane bicycle is not a pew
emptying machine, bat an instrument
that makes the mind hungry for truth and
the he-art eager for the altars of religion.
Much as the bigoted Puritan has been
pricked and ridiculed in this fin de siecle
age, the moral sense nastens to prefer the
straitlaced bjue-law maker to the bicycle
head scorching round the racetracK and
marring Sunday's rest and sanctity. No
matter how much good the wheel may do
as a factor in physical culture, it cannot
afford, in the long run, to ignore or out
rage that higher civilization which grows
out of man's moral ideals and Sunday
worship."
• — « — •
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Whip Jr. "Won a Dog Stake With
Galloping us Ban
ner Dp.
All of the coursing enthusiasts who
were out to witness their favorite sport 1
yesterday went to Ingleside Park, the
Ocean View resort being closed on account
of temporary shortage in hares, and the
consequence was a big crowd that kept the
pool-sellers busy passing out and cashing
red and white tickets.
Thirty-six dogs were in the stake, which
was run down as follows:
M. fiurke's Butler beat 11. M. Spring's Boodle,
M. Traynor's Whip Jr. boat T. Tram's Little I
Beamy, J. McCormick's Rapid beat C.Galla- :
gher's Mascot, T. Croniu's Reliance beat A.
Klannigan's Sport, Portal & Haggerty's
Eldridge beat J. H. Rosseter's Kitty Scott, J.
Bryne's Mohawk beat J. Neenan's Wave, !
Valley kennel's Mountain Daisy beat T. i
Cronin's Rosa B, J. Dillon's Evening Star beat I
T. Tram's Applause, A. Merrill's Tommy Hall
beat J. MoCormiek's Parnell, Portal <fe Hag
gerty's Laurel Leaf bent T. McHugh's Magirie
M, A. Merril's Snowbird beat T. McHugh's !
Sculptress, N. A. Peters' Galloping beat D. Bur
ieind's Trix, T. Trant's Trilby beat N. A.
Peters' Tee Wee, J. Bryne's Seminole beat E. H.
Mulcuster'e Lass o' Gowrie, J. R. Dickson'a I
Camilla beat H. M. Spring's Bill Kye, Valley ;
kennel's Gold King beat A. Merril's Ben Brush",
M. Traynor's Lee Boy beat T. Neenan's Reeert.
C. Gallagher's Dashaway beat A. Moore's Moni
tor. - I
First ties— Whip Jr. beat Butler, Reliance !
beat Rapid, Mohawk beat Eldrldge, Evening ■
Star beat Mountain Daisy, Tommy Hall teat i
Laurel Leaf, Galloping beat Snowbird, Semi- ;
nole beat Trilby, Gold King beat Camilla, Lee
Boy beat Dashaway.
Second ties— Whip Jr. beat Reliance, Mohawk \
beat Evening Star, Galloping beat Tommy j
Hall, Semiuoie beat Gold King, Lee Boy a bye. !
Third ties— Whip Jr. beat Mohawk, Galloping j
beat Lee Boy, Seminole withdrawn.
Final— Whip Jr. beat Galloping.
Prizes— s2o, $15, $10, $5 50, $5 50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
THE DEPARTMENT
Firemen Are Now Required
to Work for Their
Salary.
POLITICS NO LONGER GO.
All Praying for the Next Mu
nicipal Election and a
Change.
" SOFT THINGS " ARE NO MORE.
Chief Fair Takes Too Many Notes
and "Recommends" Too
Much.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 21. f
"The department ain't wot it wuz."
It was a fireman who made the remark
The Fire Department on Sunday Morning During the Period Which George de
feolia Once Referred To as the " Good Old Times in Politics "
at the Sixteenth-street engine-house this
morning. His words were true and con
tained much. They sounded the death
knell of one of the softest of municipal
snaps that Oakland has ever seen.
Sunday morning is a busy time around
the engine-houses now. Since the organ
ization of the Fire Department no one
ever dreamed of giving the boys an oppor
tunity of perfecting themselvr>3 in their
profession. Chief Fair started the prac
tice when put in office some months ago,
and now he has the satisfaction of seeing
a revolution.
Formerly when a member of the Fire
Commission wished to help a political
As the Same Men Looked Yesterday Morning. They 'Wished Chief Fair Were
on Fire So That They Could Have the Pleasure of Drowning Him.
"worker" to tide himself over from one
I election to another he would let him board
at the expense of the city.
In other words, the "worker" would be
I given a place as "extraman" in the Firo
Department. He was not supposed to
worß, but he was at liberty to drr.w $20 a
; month from the treasury. Chief Fair
i lound so many of these ornamental fire
; men in the department that he com
i nienced to weed them out. He ordered a
thorough fire-drill every Biinday morning
! and ordered the "extras" to turn out with
i the regulars. Some who disobeyed were
! promptly dropped, ana there was general
■ consternation. They immediately voted
I the new chief "no good," and threatened
political extinction to the board that ap
pointed him.
Tne Sunday drills have been rigorously
enforced, and while tbe men are subduing
imaginary lires Chief Fair is around tak
ing notesl The result of his notes is made
known at the weekly meeting of the Fire
Board when he "recommends" certain
changes.
This morning Company No. 1 was or
dered to practice near Lake Merritt and
Twenty-first street. The engine had to
run and the hose to be "nreeled just as
fast as though there was a real fire, and
although there were some who were not in
favor of playing firemen they havel-arned
that it was better to look as if they lifted
it if they did not want the trouble* of re
signing.
"This kind o thins; makes me sick,"
said a wet fireman after the drill was over.
"The department ain't no good any more.
This mugwump board and their toy Chief
had better quit or they won't know what
happened to 'em next March. Wish it
was March now."
BUSY KNIGHTS.
Many Applications for Membership Are
Being Received by the
Pythians.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 21.— Oakland
Lodge Knights of Pythias at its session of
June 12 received one application for mem
bership and acted upon one previously re
ceived, and with the assistance ot its
superb team elevated to the Knight rank
Enquire Fred Rugg. At its convention of
June 19 the page rank in an impressive
manner was conferred on Strangers San
ders and Hansen.
Oakland Lodge during the present term
has added twelve new names to its roster
and has two more applications on file.
At the session of Live Oak Lodge No.
17 on June 10 the proposition of consoli
dating with West Oakland No. 141 was
the p;incipal order of business After
considerable debate and a ballot being
taken the proposition was rejected. Live
Oak Lodjre has purchased an elegant and
costly siik flag to adorn its lodgeroorn.
District Deputy H. C. Aldrick officially
visited Piedmont No. 172 last Monday
: night. Live Oak No. 17 on Wednesday,
Oakland No. 103 on Friday, and exempli
i fled the unwritten work for the benefit of
I the officers-elect. The wisdom of Grand
j Chancellor C. P. McGlashen has been
' demonstrated in the appointment of
Bro'ner Aldrick for district deputy of Dis-
t rict No. 9.
Calenthe Temple No. 6, Order of Rath
. bone Sisters, at its session of June 11 had
; one for initiation, admitted two by card
i and received seven applications for mem
■ bershipj and at its last convention on
1 June 18 received eight more applications
and acted upon three previously received.
The new applicants are all members of
Live Oak Lodge No. 17.
Alameda Council No. 1, Order of the
Grand Orient, on Friday evening, June
26, will tender its members another one of
j its excellent banquets. An experienced
; caterer has been espec ally engaged to pre
fmre the menu. It is promised that the
iterary and musical programme will be
up to date. The committee, consisting of
B. D. G;ins, H. Spencer and A. V. O'Neill,
! are indefatigab.e in their efforts to make
I it a great success.
More than 100,000 pairs of shoes will be
saved by the changes in the British army
regulations, by which the soldiers may
wear their shoes until used up, instead of
having a new pair issued at stated inter
vals.
LAID TO REST
A KINDLY FRIEND,
Masonic and Military Trib
utes Paid General
McComb.
AN HONORABLE CAREER
Pioneer and Former President of
Bohemian and Olympic
Clubs.
EULOGY BY GENEEAL BARNES
Impressive and Pathetic Services and
a Notable List of Par
bearers.
A most impressive funeral service, and
one combinine Masonic rites and military
tributes, was held yesterday afternoon
over the remains of General John Mc-
Comb, secretary of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children;
ex-president of the Olympic Club; ex
president of the Bohemian Club; ex
wardc-n of the State Prison at Folsom and
of the Penitentiary at San Quentin; for
many years brigadier-general of the Na
tional Guard of California; a '49cr: an
old-time newspaper man of this City and a
member of the Masonic order.
The remains were brought over from
Oakland under the military escort of the
mounted signal corps of the National
Guard and taken to the Masonic Temple,
where California Lodge No. 1, Free and
Accepted Masons, took charge of the ser
vices, conducted in King Soloman's Hall.
The great room was crowded beyond its
seating capacity, when at 2 o'clock Henry
Ascroft, master of the lodge, flanked by
Masons full garbed in mourning and by
plumed Knights Templar, began the read
ing of the Masonic funeral service. As the
chants and responses sounded at intervals
above the impressive monotone the sol
emn sadness of the scene became more
and more evident until, when tfce Masonic
choir chanted in weird, slow time, every
woman present was shedding silent tears,
and many a manly eye glistened in re
sponse to that feeling that maKes all the
world akin.
And then General W. H. L. Barnes, the
old man eloquent, step.ped down from the
platform and advancing near to the great,
beautiful floral piece in white lilies at the
head of the casket, spoke of the unknown
beyona, of the goodness and kindness of
his friend.
Beginning with a review of the accom
plishments of man in this realm of science,
his researches into the mysteries of the
starry universe and the knowledge he had
acquired of all things, General Barnes,
after a long series of balanced clauses,
said:
"And yet we know no more about the
source of human life or what is after death
than did the Egyptian when he made his
sacrifice to the cat; nothing except what
we know by faith."
Continuing, he said in part:
"What do we wait for? Where did we
come from?
"The mystery of death, the hope of what
shall be has long ago taken away from me
the feeling of horror. It is to me a wel
come friend.
"I do not mourn, neither should you
mourn, lor our friend that is gone. He
knows it all; the record of centuries is
now his to contemplate as he looks down
upon us with that kindly face we knew so
weil. Ido not mourn for John McComb.
I am glad that so good, so true, so faithful
a man has lived during my iife, and mat i
knew him as a friend.
"This man was the same in the greatest
disappointments of his life ns he was in
the moments that seemed to him the
greatest triumphs."
From the Masonic Temple tne long
funeral cortege moved up Market street
and out Golden Gate avenue to Van Ness,
where the military opened ranks, allowed
the procession to pass through and finally
fell in at the rear. A little further on the
way to the Masonic Cemetery the Knights
Templar opened out into two parallel col
umns through which tbe mourners passed,
and lastly the Masons themselves sepa
rated and" repeated the formation of double
columns before taki;ig their position in
line again.
At tht> cemetery the Masons assembled
in a circle about the grave, where the final
part of the funeral service was performed.
The pallbearers were Isaac Brodrirk
and John Preston, representing California
Lod^e No. 1, Free and Accepted Masons;
H. J. Owen and William A. Davies of
California Chanter No. 5, Royal Arch
Masons; B. 15. Flint and Charles Yost of
California Cominandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, and the following intimate
friends of the deceased : General J. H.
Dickinson and Major-General Walter B.
Turnbull, as representatives of the retired
officers of the National Guard of Califor
nia; Colonel Charles Sonntag, president
of the California Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children; Joseph
Simonson and General R. H. Friedrich,
representatives of the Union League Club:
George K. Fitch, the veteran journalist,
and Ferdinand Tnssault, who were fellow
passengers with General McComb on tbe
steamship Oregon that brought them to
San Francisco in IS-19; George B. Dens
more, the veteran editor and representa
tive of the old-time journalists, with
whom deceased was onco a co-worker;
General W. H. L. Barnes and R. H.
L.'oyd, standing for the local legal profes
sion, General S. W. Bachus and J. M.
Litchneld.
HOTEL FIRE IN BERKELEY.
The Acheson House Burned
Down by a Supposed
Incendiary.
Radical Changes and Improvements
at the Oak and Racetrack.
Relig ous Events.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 21.— The Ache
son Hotel fire, which occurred last even
ing, was one of the largest suffered
by the college town in years. A pe
culiarly touching phrase of the matter is
that Mrs. Acheson, the owner of the hotel,
who ia a widow, had but recently com
pleted arrangements for leasing the hotel,
and it was being refitted, prior to occu
pancy, when the fire broke out.
The buildine is a large frame one, valued
at about $9000 or $10,000. All efforts possi
ble were made to get control of the flames,
but without success until considerable
damage had been done. Residents of the
town assisted the firemen until all danger
to neighboring buildings was past, and the
fire partially subdued.
The conflagration was discovered by
Night Watchman Parker, who turned in
an alarm at th ■ Columbia Engine House
AUCTM SALE FDR CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed in my hands by the CREDITORS of the
ORIENTAL ©TRADING® COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. 31. and 3 V. M.. and Continuing Dally Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on thecoas'., consisting of Oriental Ococo Rurs, Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old S.Usuma. Kaga, Kocal. Cloisonne. Awata. Bisbu, Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments, f^ale positive as store is rented. Lailes particularly lnvked.
CHAS. EASTMAN, TuCTJONEER FOR CREDITORS.
€EO. F. LAMMS, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Kearnv Street.
THIS DAY.
Monday Jane 21, 1890,
At 2 o'clock P. M., on the premises.
No. 6ia Capp Street.
Mission street cars to corner Twenty-first and
Mission street within one block.
i WILL set,!.
The Very Klegant New Furniture and
Carpets of Residence,
comprising:
Magnificent Parlor Set, richly carved, polished
frames, upholstered in costly silk tapestry; 1
Elegant Mahogany Book Case: Fine Thread Lace
Curtains: Elegant Center Tables; Engravings and
Ornaments: Extra Fine Parlor Carpets; Hand-
pome Fur Rugs: 3 Klegant Polished Oak Chamber
Suits with Chevalle Mirrors; Finest Pillows,
Mattresses, Blankets or ueldlng; 1 Elegant
Polished Oak Mirror-back Sideboard with Exten-
sion Table and Dining-room Chairs to match; 1
Elegant Oak Chiffonier; 2 Pine Wardrobes;
Handsome Couches; Hall Hat Stand; French.
Clock; 1 Extra Choice Improved Range; Patent
Kitchen Table: 50 yards Linoleum, with other
first-class articles.
Thenbove eleven", furniture has been In use only
two months and is all first-class In every respect.
Remember tne hour. 2 o'clock.
GKO. F. LAM.SON. Auctioneer.
mmm sale.
Kockaways, Buggies Wagons, Carts,
Etc, at 1128 .Mission and 1141 Mis-
sion St., Bet. 7t'.i and Bth, S. F.
AT AUCTION, MONDAY, JUNK 23,
At 1 1 o'clock a. m., by order of
J. F. KENNEDY, Assignee, we will sell
THE ENTIRE STOCK OF RIGS, consisting Of
5 Open and Top Rockaways, 3 Surreys, 3 Phae-
tons, 2 Village Carts, 10 Top Buggies, '.:0 Open
Business ami Road Baggies. 1 First-class Wa.uon-
, ette, 5 Business Carts. 25 Spring Wagons of all
descriptions. 1 F"lne4-SeatedCaniD Wagon (almost
new), 5 Laundry Wagons suitable for all delivery
purposes, 25 Sets Best Chain and Farm Harness,
50 Sets Hug c Wagon and Buggy Harness, 25 Sets
Double Driving and Team Harness, Robes, Blank-
ets, Whips, safe. Oflico Furniture, etc.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit whatever.
SULLIVAN & DOYlii:*Llves:ocb Auctioneers.
Olttce. 327 Sixth street. ■
PAYILIOJ AUCTION BOUSE.
319-331 Sutler St., Above Grant Aye.
AT SALESROOM THIS PAY,
Monday. June 33, 1896,
at 10:30 A. M., I WILL SKLL
The Enormous Furnishings of Two Private Houses
and 40-Room Lodging-house, consisting of Fine
Parlor, Bedroom, JJinins-room, Library and
Kitchen Furniture, Odd Beds and Bureaus, and
large variety of Carpets good as new.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
AIM\ COWAN,
Auctioneer— 23o Sutter Street. Advances
on Consignments.
THIS DAY-3IONDAY,
Will sell at 11 o'clock on the premises,
607 BACRAMKMTO ST.
Without Reserve, Consisting of One
Walnut 15»r, Back liar.
Wines, liquors, cigars; one very massive walnut
' lunch counter: marble-iop tables: chain, French
i range, copper boilers, crockery, class a are, etc-
at about 12 o'clock. By 2 a. m. the fire was
under control.
The Columbia, North Berkeley, West
Berkeley, Dwight way and Ashby-avenue
fire companies were on the scene, but de
spite their united efforts the building is
now valueless, and only a hollow frame
work is left standing. The interior was
almost entirely gutted out by the flames,
and anything of value which the fire
did not reach was ruined by water.
The fire is thought to have been incen
diary, as the hotel was unoccupied. There
was a report among the spectators of the
conflagration that a boy who was one of
the first at the fire, saw a kerosene oil can
in the rear of the buildine placed in a sus
j picions manner.
Another explanation of the origin of the
I fire is that some rubbish was burned in the
I yard in the afternoon and smoldering
j embers remained until midnight. The
I matter, however, seems to be shrouded in
I mystery, and it is hardly probable that
anything definite will be known.
During the battle against the flames, a
fireman named Patterson was overcome j
by smoke after climbing througn a win- i
dow on the west side of the building. He
was not observed to reappear and was car
ried out by the other fire-fighters.
The 12 and 1 o'clock trains from San
Francisco were unable to go to North
Berkeley, owing to the hose on the rail- !
road track.
Grand Stand to Be Moved.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 21.— Work will
be commenced this week to move the
largest crand stand at tbe Oakland Trot- j
ting Park about 160 feet faraier south. |
The various clubhouses will be placed in |
the locality now occupied by the grand ;
stand, and when the work is completed it |
will be a decided improvement. Another j
change which will be made is in the track I
itself. It will be raised three feet higher [
than it is at present. The cost of the work j
will be $4000.
Oakland Tram Wins.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 21.— A base
ball game was hold in North Berkeley
this morning between tbe Berkeley Btars
and the Oakland Clippers, which was won i
by the Oakland team. The score was 15 j
to 6. The Oakland team's pitcher, Smith, j
was too speedy lor tbe Berkeleyites and j
they succumbed to his curves and shoots.
j The game was witnessed by a large crowd j
of Berkeley people.
No Addition Possible.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 21.— The much i
talked-of addition to St. Mark's Church!
will probably not be made. The reason :
assigned is that it will cost more than the
paris'i can afford for tbe present. The
proposition originally was to bisect the
church and place the addition in the open
space.
Unitarian Doing 9on Sunday.
BERKELEY, Cai.., June 21.— The Sum- I
mer School of Religions Thougnt held its j
third session in Stiles' Hall this morning.
the subject discussed being "The Doctrine
Concerning Man." Mr. Keeler led the dis- i
cussion and will preside again next Sun- I
day. The Unitarian Sunday-school, wnich I
during the summer montns is studying I
from nature, was conducted this morning '
by Mrs. Keeler. She took lor a lesson ]
"Shadows."
"Kissing the Uuok" Abolished.
The new system of administering oaths,
as legalized by the last Legislature, lias
gone into effect at the Central station,
where it was inaugurated by Justice Suit
zer yesterday. No more does the old
familiar "kiss the book" resound through
the courtroom as the witness often
smacKed it with a sound like that of a
Fourth of July torpedo exploding. Under
the new system the oath is administered
while the right hand of the witness lies on
the open Bible, and there is now no peies
sity of kissing the booK. A few old-timers,
however, who "had been there before
many a time," kissed the book to-day as
upon former occasions, as they had not
yet learned of the new style oath. — Balti
more News.
Silkworms were raised in China 2700
years before the Christian era. From China
ttey pa-iped into Persia, India, and vari
ous parts of Asia,
GRAM AUCTION SALE
TO-MORROW AND WEDNESDAY,
Jane 23 and 24, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. v. of each day, at
MISS MARY LAKE'S
SCHOOL,
I. E. Corner of Slitter and Octavia Sts.,
THE ELEGANT AND ELABORATE
Drawing:- Room, Reception - Room,
Library, Music-Room, Dining-
Room and Chamber
V _
BY CATALOQUB,
COMPRISING IN PART,
10 Cons crt Grand, Upright and Square Pianos—
Bteinway, Cliirkertn?, Decker, Weber, Roaener
ana Light & Co.'s makes; Rich and Elegantly Up-
holstered Sofas, Arm ana Easy Chairs, Lounges,
Patent Rockers, Reception Chairs, eta; Solid Oat
Reception, Rocking and Patent Rocking Chairs;
Solid Oak, Walnut ana Kbony Bookcases, Cabi-
nets and Music-stands: Elaborate Carved solid
Oak Bedsteads, Bureaus and Chiffoniers; 25 Oalc
Chamber Sets; Hair -spring Mattresses; Rich Glace
Armolres; Magnificent Gold Frame Mirror; Mag-
nificent Oak sideboard and Hat Tree: Dining-
Tables; Butler's Sideboard: Vienna Bentwood
Chairs; Onyx and Ebony Pedestals; Bronze Man-
tel-Clock; Elegant Bric-arßrac; Klegant. Engrav-
ings and Etchings: Japanese Plaques: China,
Glassware and Plated Ware; Elegant Lambre-
quins and Lace Curtains and Cornices. Also
The Contents of the Gymnasium and
Schoolrooms,
COMPRISING
50 Sets Pulley Lifts, 75 Sets Indian Clubs, 100
Sets Dumbbells; Vi -Circle ioils, Masks and Pads;
Haad-ome Platform Scales: Rich Books, Charts,
etc.: 250 School Desks, assorted sizes; 12 Teach-
ers' Desks, and an endless variety of articles for
school purposes.
Residence open for Inspection on Monday, June
22, 1896, from 9 o'clock a. m. until 5 o'clock p. m.
Catalogues at residence on Monday and at our
office.
Remember the hour of the sale, at 10 o'clock
A. M.
Auction sale Tuesday and Wednesday. June
23 and 24, 1896.
EASTON, ELDBIDGK A CO..
Auctioneers.
Office, 638 Ji;irkot Street.
WHY TRUE IS SHELVED.
Many Parents in the Wilson
School District Demand
a Reason.
The Deposed Principal Gave Expres
sion to His Opinions on Study
in Alamedi.
ALAMEDA, CaI., June 21.— The removal
of C. i\ True as principal of the Wilson
School by the Board of Education at its
last meeting is not in accord with the
wishes of a great number ol the parents.
A petition is in course of circulation asking
for his reinstatement or for a tangible rea
son for his removal.
No one knows why ho was not reap
pointed. Mr. True says he has not the re
motest idea why his services were dispensed
with.
"I have been principal of the school for
the past five years, and at no time
during that period has the Superintendent
or any member of the board made a com
plaint as to the manner in which 1 carried
out my duties. They have never even sug
gested any line of improvement. In all
cases of appeal to the Superintendent my
actions have been upheld. "
Some say his opposition to the new .
course of study introduced last year was
instrumental in his removal. True says
he cannot see why this should be assigned
as the reason.
"When the course of study, came out I
said it was too cumbersome; that it re
quired too much work on the part of the
pupils, and would tend to disgust them
with school life. The number of subjects
to be covered in each term prevented effi
cient teaching in any one, and if the sub
jects allotted could not be honestly cov
ered by teachers and pupils the course of
study had better not be adopted. These
opinions I/expressed openly at the board's
meeting at its invitation. I took no un
derhand means to create a feeling against
the course of study, and when it was
adopted 1 carried it out. I have been a
teacher in the State for the past thirty
years, and surely my opinion— for it is
only an opinion— honestly expressed
ought not to have lost me my position.
Against my moral character no one can
breathe a word. I therefore think I am
entitled to know why I was thrown out of
my position. "
Company G Shoot.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 21.— The first
regulation shooting held by Company G
since its transformation look place yester
day afternoon at the range. High street.
The following record was made:
Helm 36, Gifford 13, Day 41.Wessel33. Ham
mond 38, Masten 32, Tense* 22, Muise 26, Car
roll 34, Montell 20, Whaliey 25, Russell 24,
Smith 32, Oesterreicuer 10, Walker 15, Picket!
29, Johnson 26, Woodward 8, La Deux 30*
Khaffer 30, Browning 33. *
The dangers of ballooning are to be
slightly mitigated by the invention of a
Frenchman, which provides for the equip
ment of a cylinder of membrane to tho car,
so arranged that by t,he pressure of a but
ton it may be automatically intlated with
air in the unfortunate event of the balloon
failing into the sea.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABSY ST. Established
in lH34for the treatment of Private i
Diseases, Lout Manhood. , Debility or /
disease wearing on bodyand mind and /■'
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureawheu / ,
ottii'isfall. Try him. Charges low. / I
rurr'Kiiai'anlrrd. Call or write. •'
I>r. J. r. oIBBVX, Box IN7.Su Francisco/ *
1112
TEACHERS WON'T CAUCUS
No Political or Sinister Pur
pose in the Poposed
Council.
Director Murdock Explains That It
Will Bring Schools in Touch
With the Executive.
The measure formulated oy School Di
rector C. A. Murdock, which Is now before
the Board of Education for consideration,
is one for bringing about better educa
tional results in the department, and is
not for political or sinister motives, as
might be construed by those who have not
given the matter sufficient thought.
The plan laid down by the originator of
the idea is that for every ten teachers one
delegate shall be elected to the council.
In schools where there are less than ten
classes tnat school will affiliate with one
having more than ten or less, as the case
may be, making the representation one to
ten, and giving the entire department a
body of seventy-five delegates. Of these
an advisory board of five shall be formed.
The qualification of delegates is that he
or she must be a class teacher, but for the
advisory Doard there are other lines drawn
which must be observed. These are that
one delegate must represent the High
Scnool, one the grammar grade and one
the primary. The other two can be se
lected from the body irrespective of which
grade they may come from.
The duties of the advisory board shall be
to hear from the delegates in council such
ideas as may tend to advance the pupils in
tSeir studies, as also such other matters as j
will give the directors assistance in the
wants and necessities of the entire depart
ment.
• As it is now each school or, for that mat
tei, each individual teacher, in order to
bring anything to the notice of the board,
must go in person to each director and
explain the object and necessity of what is
required. This is i» loss of time, both to
teacher and directors.
If the council and advisory board full
fil the objects for wnich Mr. Murdock in
tends it this will all be obviated, because
the teacher can represent to the delegate
from that school the want* which to her
are necessary, and the delegate in turn
will bring the subject before the council,
and from the latter it will go to the advi
sory board; ami, if found to have merit,
will tlien be laid before the entire board j
and receive from that body due considera
tion.
The council will be independent of the
directors, as can be seen by the provisions
of the formula:
Tne council shall adopt its own by-laws and
rules conferring such powers on its advisory
board as it sees lit and determining the fre
quency of meetings.
Hshallbethe object of the council to pro
mote in every way the welfare of the public
schools and to stimulate and strengthen the
efficiency of teaching. Through its advisory
board it shall make such recommendations to
the Board of Education as it deems desirable,
making suggestions as to changes in the
course of study or in the rules and regulations
of the board.
ASSAULTED A GIRL.
Dan Donohoe, a Waiter, Arrested on
Complaint of Edith Hanien.
Dan Donohoe, a waiter 32 years of age,
was arrested on the water front yesterday
morning by Sergeant Moffitt on a war
rant charging him with assaulting Eaith
Hansen, a girl 10 years of ape, who lives
■with her parents at 635 Stevenson street.
Two weeks a°ro yesterday her parents
went to the Cliff, leaving her at nome.
Donohoe was a lodger in the house, and,
according to the girl's story, he assaulted
her uuring the absence of her parents.
Donohoe disappeared from the house.
Mrs. Hansen happenel to see him on the
water front yesterday morning, and imme
diately notified the police.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles E. Langham to May Langham, lot on S
line of Jackson street, 181 W of Buchanan, W
25:3 by S 127:6: gift.
M. and Isabella Kosenfeld to Rosa Rosenfeld, lot
on s line of C ay stn-et. 107:6 E of Laurel, E 30
by s 127:81,4: $10-
Same to name, lot on SE corner of Clay and
Spruce streets, E 137:6 by 8 137:8 Vi: $10.
H. P.. and Kate Shaw to Augustus C. Widber. lot
on E line of Howard street, 75 S of seventeenth, S
25 by E 100 SlO.
Emeline Wallace to Cora W. Morton, lot on S
line of sutter street, 42 ;6 E of Jones, E 65 by S
137:6: $H>.
Michael F.usn to Joseph Robinson, lot on S line
of Union scieet, 17M:« W of Hyde, W 21 by 565:
also iot on E line of I.arktn street, 77 :6 N of Union,
N 20 by E 60: also lot, on E line of Larkin street,
97:6 X of Green, N 23:7^4 by E 88:6; also prop
erty in Alameda County. $10.
Joseph Roiin-on to Michael Kush (life estate)
and Mary J. Rush, lot on a line of Union stree:,
17:'. :8 W of Hyde, W 21 by 565; also lot on E
l:n'- of Larkin street. 97:6 N of Green, N 23:7 V»
by E 88:6: $10.
same to Michael Rush and Margaret J. Gilmar
ten. lot on E line of Larkin street, 77:6 X nf
Union, X 20 by E GO: also property in Alameda
County; $10.
San Francisco Gas Company to San Francisco
Gas Light company, re-record 712 d 110, water
lots 385. 390, 379. 390. 389. 387, 386. bounded by
Beale, Fremont, Mission and Howard streets: also
lot on W corner of Howard and Fremont streets,
NW 165 by W 275; aiso lot on S corner of Howard
and Fremont streets. SK 91:8 by SW 157:6: aiso
lo; on W cornel of lif-rry and second streets, NW
240x275: also lot on S corner of Towns^nd and
Second streets, BE 276x275: also lot on E corner
of Howard and Fifth streets. SE 275x275: also lot
on E corner of Howard street. 275 NE of Fifth.
NE 25x155: also all real estate belonging to San
Franfisco Gas Company: $1.
F. J. and Alice o'ilar? to Xoraß. O'Hare, lot on
E line of Rhode Island street. 132:2^ S of Marin,
S 71.2, ssl ileerees E 45 fe.-t, 565 degrees E
107. > 683/4 degrees X 8'- :7, X 103:4, N 61 V* de
grees W 13:5.X B*4 degrees E 39:3. 532 de
grees W 37:11, 8 88d.-crees W 75. N 65 degrei-s W
83.X 50Vi decrees. W 44:11. block 151, Salt Marsh
and Tide Lands; $5.
Nora E. O'Hare to John O'Connor, same: $10.
F.W. and Emma A. Fuller to William Boerlcke.
lot on W line of Twenty-eighth aveuup, 125 S of C
Street , S 100 by W 120: $20.
M. and Isabella Ros-ufeld to Rosa Rosenfeld, lot
on SE corner of Q street and Forty-third avenue,
E 240 by a 225: $ 10.
G. and Rose Ratto toGuis'-ppe Ratto, lot on W
line of Madrid street. 100 X of Russia avenue, N
36 by W 10 , block 27, Excelsior Homestead;
$500.
Charles I'aee to Lakeview and Sunnyside Im
provement Company, lots 1, 2. 3 and 4, block A,
lots 35 to 44, block E, Lake view; $10.
Lakevi-u and sunny side Improvement Com
fia ny to charb-> McCarty, lots 1. 2 aud 3, block A,
ots 35 to 44, block E, same: $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
.1. K. Mead ((mates estate of Stephen Mead et
al.) to Calvin B White, lot on S line of Mead
avenne, l'O W of <an Pablo. W 37.50 by S 125 70.
being loJ til and X half of lot 60, map of Mead
I'arl-, Oakland; $10.
.-ai.ie to Sarah Leonard, lot on S line of Mead
avenne, 650 m of Ban Pab;o. W25 by S 125.70,
beini' lot 39. map of same. Oakland: $10.
Jerome B. Stanford to Clara D. Stanford, E half
of lot 13. Potts Tract Map 3, Oakland Township;
gift.
S. c. nnd Isabel O. Uigelow to Charles L. Sturm,
lot on NW line of Piedmont avenue, 401 s\v of
Amethyst str*e:. SW 35 by NW 125. block B,
I bermal Hill (formerly Howe) Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
Char! si. and Mary Sturm to L. H. Sly, same;
Oakland I owns ip: $lv.
Carl Berlin to County of Alameda. lot on s cor
ner of county road Xo. 747 and Fruitval • Cottage
Home Tract, thence SE 385.30, BW 10, NW
385 30, NE 10 to b»-giuninc, Brooklyn Township;
pram.
I; P. smith to snme, lot beginning at a point
on line dividing lands of Newell and R. P. Smith,
s 14 11 chains distant from quarter section corner
dividing Sections 18 and 24. Township 2 s, R 2 E.
thence NX .33 chains, NX 4.84 chains, NX 5.20
chains, NX 4.45 chains. XI-. 6 45 chains, NE 3.60
I NE t.M chains. NE 4.15 chains, XE 5.10
chains, f»E 4.40 chains. NX 2.6 A chains, NE 'J.bO
chains. XE 'J.^7 chains to beginning, being portion
of section 13, Township 2 s, R 2 E, Murray Town
ship; grant.
'lhonias Hayes to Mary J. Hayes, lot on SW j
corner of Cbestun! and Twenty third streets, S
]0<) bj W 27. Oakland: «ift.
Joshua K. Mead (unsiee estate of Stephen
Mead) et al. to Hannah L onard. lot on S line of
Mead avenue, 675 W of >an Pablo, W 25 by S
125.70. lot 38, map of Mead Park, Oakland; $10.
Charter L. and Mary Sturm to 1.. 11, Sly, lot on
NW Une Of Piedmont avenue, 401 SW of Ame
thyst street, SW 35 dv NW 125, biock 15, Thermal
Hill (formerly the Howe Tract), Oakland Town
stun: $10.
Margaret P. McCourtney to St. Joseph's Home
for Peal Mutes (a corporation), lot on N line of
Fortieth street. 265. 0 I-- of 'lelecraph av-mie. E
24 50. NE 40. X\V 149.80, SW 15665, E 125.3),
.sW 88.35 io beginning. Oakland Township; grant.
Edwin Whitconib to 'iiskh M. Cordray, lot torn
meneinc at WK corner of lands of s U!lail m. Cor
dniy, thence -NE 50 by SE 62, Brooklyn Town
«h i>; $10.
J. B, and Amelia M- Emery to Michael Coilins,
lot on E line of Hollis street, 250 N of Fuk
avenue, N 75 by E 125, N half of lot 8, block 16,
Kruery Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
John M. and Catherine C Farre 11 o William C.
Blssel!. lot on X line of Wheeler street, 200 N of
Ashby avenue. N 50 by X 138, being lot 5, block
A, Suburban Tract. Berkeley; $10.
.Edward and Catherine Slyter to Charles W.
Scott, lot on NW line of Mountain View avenue.
BO SW of Chestnut street, SW 50 by NW 140, bi'
ing lot 8, block 9. Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
l.oia Warner and Mary Higglns to Charles W.
Soon, same, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township;
SlO.
Mary J. Moss et al. to Martha M. Shattnck. lot
14. block N, amended map Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Thomas HiUaz to Mary J. MeCrory, lo:s 10 and
12, block 7. and fractional lots la and IS, block 8,
Fitchburg Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township:
$10.
F. Boehmer (assigneee Of Henry Mohns, insol
vent) to 11. K. Wee le:i, lot on W Hue of Paru
street, 85 S of Alameda avenue, S 40 by \V 110,
Alameda; $500.
Charles and Lucinda F. Prowse to Philip An
spahcber. lot 3, block E, Anspacher Tract, being a
resubdivision of a portion of fie Hayward Tract:
also lot 23. bloctc A, Hayward Tract; also ots 6
and 7, block 46, Peterson Tract, Hay wards: also
lot 9, block E, Anspacher Tract, oeing a resubdi
vlr.on of a portion of the Haywurd Tract, Eden
Township; $.0.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
Geo E Turner, Nevada C Fred W Hayne, N York
J F Place, California J Miller <fe wf, Walnut G
Mrs J X Koss, Fresno Miss 1 Anderson, Fresno
By Postlethwait, S Jose M X Sunborne. Y'uba City
T B Dillon, California F B Chandler Jr, Klmira
J C Cronn. Portland W H skerett, Vallejo
W C Hicks, Santa Cruz H M Belt. Vallejo
W J Heillman.California DrL L Dunbar.Californla
Hon S M Buck, Eureka Hon Frank McGowan <fc
Miss A Nott. Seattle wife, Eureka
II Wallace, Stockton H M Barsmw. Napa
F B Hatch, Asnland Hon X 1> colgan, Sacto
Mrs J F Fiedler & fam, Miss I Fiedler, Sausalito
San LuisObispo J C F.nright. Sacramento
Mrs P C Wright, Ogden Miss Nellie Wright, Ogdn
G X Miller & wf, N York Miss C B Arnold, Cal
Geo P Johnson & daugh- James H Tobin. Cal
ter, san Luis Obispo MrsC X Hobin.-o :, Sacto
J Cogseshall & w, Nev CMC Bowen, California
JE l'resu>n*wf,stockton J J Peterson, Cal City
GWKnight.Steveusons C Mrs U Doging, England
GRAND HOTEL.
J Thornams, St Helena C 0 Henry <fc wf, Chicago
F L Smith, Marysville H Haight, Cal
S P Browne, San Mateo E A BeDder, Cal
X B Miller, Portland J H C onimet, Eureka
W H Fals, Arcata FM West, Stocktou
J T Baker, Hanford W C t'onroy, Auburn
Mrs w CConroy, Auburn J s Saunders, Sebasiopol
T B Andrews, Los Ang H C Evans. Los Angeles
C Kaye, Santa i.'ruz A Brene. Chicago
Mrs M Heath. Vall.jo C T Smith, Yreka
J M Brooks, Los Angeles MissGrisuold. San Jose
.1 Enrlght, Bella Vista Hr X U Footed: sec, N V
<; i Holhrous, Jacksoa W U Langhorne, Phopnlx
J II Haeelton, Sao Jose Miss A Hazeiton, b Jose
G C Cakes, Auburn Mrs GC Cakes, Auburn
H G Green, Chicago G 1> Fisu, Woodland
F E Connolly .< wf, stock W G James, Stockton
C F Thomas, Los Angeles
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
I R Saunders. i:'iadalpe S H Elliot <fe w, S Clara
C E Rick, siockton C 1: Ennis. Clearrteld. la
J I>aum, Clearfii Id, la A V Plckeu, Ind
J Skene, N Dak D < arkery, iran Jose
J F Blocigood <$: w, L O X A Cur! in. Mookton
Miss J Cart In. Chicago W Benson &w, Fresno
A J I.awther. Angel Id G A sittman, Sunol
R L Myers. Ind W A Dwight, Portland
Mrs M Butler, Pt R»yes Miss N Ku:ler. Pt Beya
W Hogan & w, Sacto 11 Hewitt, Sacrame iio
J Frond, Oakland W a Taylor. Sacramen o
H Hl:iman San Jose A N Newhall, Kr«sno
L Jones, Eureka Mrs Robertson, Eureka
A .1 w ade. O Nulley H M Richardson, Stocktn
R Pollock:, Stockton F Vollmer, Denver
J B Howie, Reno. Nev
I'ALACE HOTEL.
C S Smith. N V Z C Williams, N V
C H skiamore, NY B U Steinman, Sact*
W H Maxwell, Liverpool J B Wh<e:er. N V'
.1 B Tomiinson, Prescott Mrs J B Wheeler, N V
W C Brandon. Prescott II P Wlnalow. Keswlck
J N L'oyd. Cincinnati Dr Goit. Indiana
Pr Russell, lllii:ois Dr Farnnm, Chicago
Ur .lohn-on, Texas C H Parker, Gilroy
Miss Wallis, N V Ainie Irish, N V
E I Gmccby, Cal John Drew, N V
Miss ilarrymore, N V H B Kldredge, N V
A J stoddard. N V T L Waldon, Toronto
M. L Garmon, St Jo, Mo Mrs (armon, St Jv, Mo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Sullivan, Ventura M Glasor. Paso de Robles
H M Plate, San Jose Dr E a Case, Ukiah
M C Mesker, New York J E Habicht, Chicago
Q W P.rown, U S M YTuilv, Stockton
Miss Adams & maid, NY J T Smith, N V
R Johnson, Seattle II Ro^er-i. Woodland
F Craig, SA M Hartlett. San Diego
E Qninn. New York Mils H Scott. N V
Miss Watts. Mont H KeUey Santa Cruz
F Burns, Fresno H T Co lins, Presno
R Williams, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E l'r.*deinf-. Sew York F C Yaws, Denver
H N Bostson. Mt Kden C Hot her. I.oomis
G A Smith, Fairrleld J Sliangnn"ssy,
J Chioroni, Sacramento A Hackett, Aiameda
S Conn, San Jose J Manford, r>r>s Angeles
RHa w rd. San Jose G H Goodwin, Los Ang
R Dunbar <fe w. Chicago J B Mc^owan, N V
H H Bristol. .N V D Donohue, Raymond
S L Skeels, Sacramento J C Wallace. Sta Monica
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cxt-t-
HO Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
oicnt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opal
•mil B o'clock.
3616 Mission street. open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
jJ^=S» OCCIDENTAL LODGE No?~22! ■
ES^fi' F. and A. M. — Called meeting for JIl
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, a: 7:30^2T
oxlock. Third degree. By orderof W. M. /v*
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
R^S=« KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. a.
m~& i'eO, F. and A. M., corner Geary and^^^
S;.-iner sts.— Called meeting THIS (MON-y5 J?
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /^\
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
(P^> A. O. 11., B. OF E.— NOTICE— ft^j=j.
m*& The officers and delegates will mfetV^^y
at Irish-American Hit! . Howard street, on «\VJ7
MONDAY", June 22, 1896. at 7:30 o'clockiv£%jta
for the transaction of the business apper- r
taintng to the welfare of the order. AH delegates
are requested to be present, as business of impor-
tance is to be transacted by the board. By order
of JOHN MCCARTNEY, County Delegate.
r*> TEMPLAR GROVE NO 19, U. A..^>t^J
SS-JS' o. D.— Officers and members are re-EfflH
quested to attend the funeral of our lateW*
brother, ANTON . I X ■ SEN, at his late residence.
120 Ettie St., near B station, Berkeley, MONDAY,
J une 23, at 2 o'clock p. m. Take Berkeley train.
ciiAS. MONCISVAIS, Sec.
(t^3v» A SPECIAL MEETING OFTHEBRICK-
\S<S' layers' Association will be held at B'nal
B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy st., THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, June 22, at 8 o'clock, to hear report of
committees. JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
»^s=» GRAND PICNIC— ORDEROF CHOSEN
*-=' Friends at Agricultural Park, San Jose,
SATURDAY, June 27. Tickets, round trip, $1;
children, 60 cents. Train leaves Third and Town-
send stß. 9 A. M., stopping at Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia sts. Games, prizes, bicycle race. he pro-
ceeds to be donated to the Injured and homeless
members of the late cyclone at St. Louis. Tickets
for sale on the morning of the picnic at Third and
Townseiid sts. and Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
e^ap drs. holsman~a^d^l7n^uist^r&
m~& moved to 1370 Market st. ; poor treated free.
KS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m~& collections made, city or country, Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgv st.. room 6. Tel. 6580. |
qt^S= COFFjiY'S COLLECTION CoT 235
i«p>j? Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs naid. Telephone Keel 5(54. .
dividend notices.
DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THK GEiTmalc
&<& Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
st.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredth!) (4 26-100) per a ni per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hmdredths (3 55-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on aud
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GEO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
jpjp DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
I*--* 7 ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a div dend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33%) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
{£^55=* HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
w^C Society, 18 Geary St.— The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
fjr-JK- DIVIDEND NOTICE-SAN FRANCISCO
EFjS' Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-10 J) percent on term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) ier
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LQVELL WHITE, cashier.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
VrUMBER OF GIRLS, ALL NATfoNALITIKsi
1> awaiting situations; best references. ; MRS.
HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
PROTESTANT WOMAN OF MUCH EXPERI-
X ence, thoroughly competent to take entire
charge of infant or children, wants a position in
city or country. For particulars apply to MISS
PLUNKKTT, 424 Suttcr St.
VTEAT YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL, GOOD
xi references, wants second work or care children
in city or country. Address, with full particulars,
Miss PLUNKETT. 424 Sntter st. Tel. Main 5472.
ITUAI lON WANTED— SETTLED YOUNG
O woman; good plain cook and houseworker; in
small family; personal references. 319 First st.,
near Harrison.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
]^^MBER~OF~FIRST-CLASS GERMAN AND
li Swedish girls awaiting situations at the Swed-
ish Employment Bureau, 315 Sutler st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES POSITION
1»1 to do housework or to take care of children,
city or country; gooi references: good worker: $8
to $10 month. 3!>9 Minna st., near Fifth.
\kj ANTED BY STEADY. COM XT
• " woman to do housework: is very good cook
and laundress; fond of children: If needed, refer-
ence from last place: city or country: wages mod-
erate. Please call 79 Jessie st. bet. Ist and 2d.
EXPK RIENCED YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
Xli housework or chamberwork or light washing,
by the day or half-day. Call or address 643 Ste-
venson St., in rear.
A 7" O 0 ( i COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
X work by the day, washing and housecieanlng.
Call 419 Natoma Rt.
If XPERIEXCED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
J any kind of work by the day; waves $1. Ad-
dress 602 Howard st.
PEKIENCED LADY WANTS WORK AS
XJ janltress or housekeeping: any kind of work.
Room 1, 821 Mission st.
T\RESSMAKKR" FIRST CLASS, ENGAGE-
XJ merits In families. $2 per day: good reference.
Address 8., 621 Pine st.
I ICENSED ENGINEER, 25 YEARS' EXPE-
xj rlence in city and the mines, wants situation;
city or country man of family: can run dynamo
and locomotive. Address L. M., box 107, Call Office.
UMPKTE~f~WOM AN WISHES SITUATION
> to do chamberwork and .sewing or travel with
lady: San Rafael preferred ; best city reference.
Address S. it., box 161. Call.
VIIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
l'l situation to care for children and light house-
work: good home and small wages. 442 Minna.
ADY WISHES TO SECURE POSITION FOR
X-i reliable, middle-aged woman In small family;
is a good cook and housekeeper. Please call at
358 Minna st., nr. Fifth.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
X*' situation; is good plain cook, good sewer or
take care of children; wages $18 to $20. Address
E. G. W., box 22, Call.
DRESSMAKER. EXPERIENCED, WISHES
XJ engagements In families. Call or address 402
Octavla st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of housework by the day: references. Call or
address 502 Stockton st., near Bash.
WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGE WISHES A POSI-
■» tion as housekeeper; city or country. Call or
address M. It., 612 Leavenworth st.
ANTED— PLACE AS UPSTAIRS GIRL OK
'» assist with housework. Call or address 109
Perry St., n^ar Third.
OITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O person to do upstair* work; is good seamstress
and is alsJ a good children's nurse: cityorcoun-
try. Call 619% Florida st.
\\roMAN wants work by the pay
" washing and ironing or house-cleaning. Call
829 Hayes st., near PI 11 more; basement.
American LADY, COMPETENT IN ALL
JtX. matters of housekeeping, also fond of children,
can be secured by addressing MRS. GAINES, box
82. this office.
pOMPETKNT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
V' with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwoik orsewine; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917.Market St., room 19.
"yoUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
1 housekeeper in hotel or lodging-house. 203
Powell St., room 5.
/'I.I. WISHES SITUATION AS GENERAL
VJ housework: is good cook. Call at 2417 Clay st.
I^ASHIONABLE DRESSMAKER WISHES
I engagements at $1 a day. Call or address 3561
Twentieth st.
XT OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS,
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st.: ring 2
bells.
KXOGRAPHER.TYPEWRITKK AND GEN-
O eral office clerk desires a position; willing to
accept moderate salary: highest references given.
Address S. T., Postofflee box 2091.
WANTED- POSITION AS COMPANION BY
'» refined young girl; capable and willing. Ad-
dress box 36, Mercury Office, San Jose, Ca!. -
HOUSEWORK— BY THE DAY- FRENCH
laundress; do little cooking; speaks some
English: French family preferred. 310 a Clemen-
tina st.
\\T INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJB
WEEKLY CALL, in wranrjer. for mailing.
SITUATIONS W ANTE D-M ALE.
HUNTEiTa CO., CHINEBI AMi . A I'.w ESB
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet . California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
piIINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. lU'.aDLEY <feco., 040 Clay.
C. G. COOK.-. MiC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. brunches ;shori notice. j4Uearr. tel.Urant li
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: -el Grant. 30.
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^' office; best help. 414Va O'Farrell; lei. K. 426.
VOUNT, MAX "DESIRES A POSITION TO • O
X any kind of work: bandy with tools. Address
Reliable, box 3:', this oftlce.
/"I ERMAN MAX WISHES A SITUATION AS
" .7 second cook In hotel or restaurant, or any kind
of kitchen work. 563 Mission st.
AN AND WIFE (GERMANS) WITH ONE
child won'd like to take care of gentleman's
place; borne more of an object than wages. Ad-
dress 11. Z., 117 Julian aye.
p EKMAN GARDENER WANTSSITUATION ;
vX competent to take charge of a gentleman's
place: best of references. Address Gardener, 271
Steven ton st.
OBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
O (Danish) desires a steady job of any kind ; will
drive wagon. Address J., box 140, this office.
MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WANTS CARE
of horses, cow and garden on private place;
understands poultry and the use or tools; refer-
ences. Address Willing, box 5, Call Oflice, Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expert ing of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
WANTED— BY A YOUNG MARRIED MAX,
'* a situation as carpenter on a ranch; is also
used to all kinds of farm work: can furnish good
reference. Address P. O. box 17. San Lorenzo.
p ARDENER, PRACTICAL, OK MAN ABOUT
Vjr place, wishes situation: references. Address
Gardener, 417 Keorny st.
Y OUNG GERMAN WANTS" SITUATION TO
X make himself generally useful; good references.
Address H. X., box 82, this ollice.
PAPER-HANGER with TOOLS wants
X piecework; paper hung 9c per roil. 620 LarKin.
Y"OUr>G SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUA-
X tion in private place; good driver; milk and do
gardening: best of references. Address C. C, box I
115, Call Office.
V\ r ELL-TRAINED BOY OF 15 FROM NORTH- I
'* crn part of Germany wants situation in gro-
cery-store. Apply 2811 Sixteenth St., nr. Folsom.
W ANTED — POSITION MECHANICAL
»» engineer; understands dynamos; 20 years ex-
perience; can give first-class city reference as to
character and ability. W. W. FELTEK. 566 How-
ard st, .
\\r ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, SITUA-
"" tion in hotel, man as barkeeper, wife in kitch-
en or as chambermaid. 11 Morris aye., off Bry-
ant St., near Sixth.
p ERMAN~ -WISHES SITUATION IN A PRI-
VT vate family : good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling sock; goo.l milker; references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
PRACTICAL HOUSE- PA INTER, GRAIXER
X and paperbanger with tools wants work by the
day or contract; will work very reasonable: city or
country. Address Painter, ¥3 Pleasant st.
INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market — Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"y<>UNG NAN, 18, STEADY HABITS, NO
X vices, wants employment; occupation more
the object than wages. Address C. D. E., box 8,
'Call Office. . . : ;
riNCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; Me to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an I baceaeetoand from the ferry.
If KM ALB 11ELI* WANTED.
YirAlrnED^^EßirAN~cioO X. , "^ANtX^Ar"-
-'» bara, $25; 2 Protestant and German chamber-
maids. $20; German or Scandinavian girl for gen-
eral housework, $25; restaurant waitress, $25;
hotel cook, $25, an girls for cooking and house-
work in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
'6.2 Sutler st.
WANTED- 6 OR 6 GIRLS FOR LAUNDRY;
' » only experienced help wanted; $20 and board.
J. F. CROSET I & CO., 312 Su ter st.
5 SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS FOR STEAM
O laundry; 4 housegirls, $20, $25 and $16: 3 girls
to assis.. $12. Apply 315 Slitter St.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK;
i> wages $10. 1122 a Sacramento st.
irl wanted to wait""on table. 406
McAllister st.
CIOOK, RANCH. $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
/ Sutter st. ' --
(1 IRL TO ASSIST IX HOUSEWORK AND AS
X companion; country; $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
OOK, $30. COUNTRY: SECOND GIRL. $25;
Vs nurse, $20: 20 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $25 and $20: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
STARCH AND PLAIN IRON RS FOR COUN-
O try steam laundry. See proprietor this morn-
ing at C. R. ANsEN & CO.'S, 110 Geary st.
r AITRESSES FOR SPRINGS, MOUNTAIN
'» resorts, country hotels, $20; waitress and
ch-mborma-d, city, $20: German hot"! Chamber-
maid, $20: cook, country, private family, $-J0:
glr. housework private family, $15. C. K. H AN-
SEN CO., 110 Geary st. • ' -
"ANTED — GERMAN AND SCAN DIN A-
viun cooks, $25 nnd $30; French gir.s for
light housework and oecond work, city and coun-
try; 20 girls for light housework and assist.
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
LAIN LAUNDRESS, CITY, $20; GIRLS FOR
houseworK, city and country. R. T. WARD A
CO., 610 Clay st. ' V ■•,.-. '
.
HELP WANTED-Continnerl. .
GIRL OR WOMAN FOR GERMAN AND JEW-
VX ish cooking, . $25, call early; 5 waitresses,
sma 1 country hotels, $20, etc.: head waitress,
$35, for July 1 ; also 10 side wal tresses. M AR-
TIN S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
COOK AND LAUNDRESS, $25: CHAMBER-
\J maid, $18; 8 nursesirls, $12 and $15; waitress,
$25; 10 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis st. : .
IV ANTED — YOUNG STRONG GIRL AS
'• kitchen-maid lor the country." $20; lady's
maid, $25; waitress and parior- maid for country.
1 $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
WAITRESS COUNTRY HOTEL, STEADY
»» year round, $25; 50 women and girls for pri-
vate families and hotels. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st. . .
RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT IN
XJ families; terms $2 per day best of city refer-
ences. Address L., box 91, this office.
\\r ANTED— A GERMAN OR FRENCH NURSE
" and upstairs girl with references. Apply 1814
Washington st.. mornings.
GIRL (20 TO 25); LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING;
< twice weekly; $2 50 monthly. Gentleman,
box 26, Call office.
WAN TED-YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
dren. , 1217 Webster at.
WaTnt^d-a woman to Wash AND do
*' housework by the day. Call at 1232 Union st.
A I IDDLE- AGED GERMAN LADY FOR
MX houaecleanlng and Dedmaking. 1 Fifth st.
GIRL OR MIDDLE- AWED" LADY TO HELP j
\J In general housework. 507 Hayes st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
'» housework and baby. Call 530 Jersey st.
\\ ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO UPSTAIRS
TT housework. Apply at 2522 Union st.
yOUNG GIRL TO NURSE; WAGES $6. 1431
X Howard st.
■y OUNG GIRL CARE OF BABY AND ASSIST;
x family of 2: wages $5. 1696 Page st.
EXTRA VOLUNTEER SINGERS FOR JULY
4; immediately. J. W. McKENZIE, 524 Eddy.
yOJ'XG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
X sleep home. Apply 204 Scott st., nr. Halght.
VY r ANTED -PUPiLS FOR MILLINERY
» » school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tlcal; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
AIRDRESSINO, MANICURING, BEAUTY
culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st. ■ .
OPER A TOR-HANDS ON VESTS. APPLY
128 a Hayes st.
AGENTS WANTED— LADY CANVASS-
ers: new patented article; sell on sight: best
thing for years; Investigate. 11 Glen Park aye., 9
to 6. This is a really good thing.
RESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
thoroughly In three hours or less at MRS. K.
1,. JUNKjT dressmaking school, 505 Fell st.
BUTT< HOLE US ON CUSTOM SHIRTS IN
aeighborhood of 13-16 Folsom.
1 > RFKCT '11 fix.- AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, 55 per mouth; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. I
MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
Tues. In dressciitting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
AIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. | 19* Powell st. and 108 Ninth.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RK-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East l(jth st., Oakland.
HA 1 R DX ES-.Tx7jT2sc~ AND 35c: MORNING
and cvo classes: 10 lessons, sl 50. 1248 Mission.
pOAT- FINISH ERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
v»i Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
pprwp«-k: fr '" '''■'' and ' " - -■''•■•>• 'oa'i'l frini ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
W ANTE D- BUTTERMAKEB TOR OBEam"
»» cry. $30 and found; 2 farmers and wives, $30
and $15; 15 laborers, *1 75 a day: farmer fruit
ranch, $200 year: office boy for country, $10 and
found; chore man for resort. if 12: 2 woodchopiers,
$1 25 a cord: good boxnien for bark-peeling, $26:
milkers, $25; farmers: cooks: waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
4 FARMHANDS, STEADY PLACE, $20; 2
tr haymakers, $26; 4 machine drill misers, $3 a
day; milker, country. $25; dairt-mnn for Nevada,
$30; buttermaker and milk, $30; farmhand for
orchard, $20: choreman, *15: lObarkpeelers, $1 25
a cord: 6 woodsmen, $30 and board. K. T. WARD
6 CO.. 608 and 610 0l»y st.
pAINTER; SOBER MAN FOR HOTEL WORK
lin country; $30 and found. Call on C. R. AN-
SEN & CO., 1 10 Geary st.
In dry CREW wanted- .FOR steam
JJ laundry, country, see proprietor this morn-
Ine at C. R. HAXSI-.x & co.s, 110 Geary st.
V(iI'.Ni..MA.V AS PORTER AND WAIT AT
X table; private boarding-house. C K. HAN-
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
9 FIRST-CLASS WAIT I- RS WITH DRESS
— suits tor country hotel, $35: washer and ironer,
country laundry. $35 ana $30; man to run Sinclair
tody Ironer, country laundry, $50. C. K. HAN-
3EN A CO. 110 Geary st.
') JAPANESE BEDMAKERS AND CLEAN-
era for hotel, $25: Japanese boy to do chores
for hotel. C. R. li AHSBN & CO., 110 Geary st
A SSAYERAND AMALGAMATOR WHO CAN
-T- run au electric motor for a mine: see party
here: $90. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO. , 110 Geary st.
"I l\ A BTZ M I X B $2 50 TO $2 75 A DAY,
L\J see party here; 6 Scandinavian quartz miners,
$2 60 a day, see boss here: 20 men lor laboring
work, city, $1 a day and board; 10 farmers for
orchards, haying and harvesting, $20, $25 and
«26; milkers, $20 and $30; choremen, etc, C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
} ENGINEER,. NIGHT WORK for a mine.
-J $26 and found; blacksmith, country shop, $40
and found: blacksmith for an orchard, $26 and
found ; tool-sharpener, $1 75 a day. A < ontract to
let for a large mining company to sink 200 feet of
shaft. MURRAY* READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 63* Clay st.
0 A/ \ M X ANDBOYH CAN OBTAIN WORK
«JV/U Monday at 7:30 a. m., from $15 to $90 per
month and found, at MURRAY & BB \DY's Lead-
ing Employment Agency, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1/1 WOODCHOPPKRS FOR A MINE, $1 PBB
1 " ' cord: IB woodenoppers to cut ian bark, $1 day
and found: 20 tiemakers, 8c and 10c each; char-
coal-bur. er, 10c sack: 2 4 -horse teamsters for a
mine, $1 day and board; woodchopper, Santa Cruz
County, 31 cord; sMckerhand, $- .)0 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
OH FARMERS FOR ORCHARDS, vine-
♦ )V/ yards and farms, $20, $2 > anil $26. harvest
crew, good waves; 5 milkers, $20. $25 and $30: 3
old men to work on a ranch, digging asparagus,
vegetables, etc., $15 and found, see boss here; 3
farmers and wives, $35 and $40: man to gather
sacks behind harvester, $1 25 a day and toiind;
man to irrigate, $20. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 an i 636 Clay st.
1 A MEN TO PICK FRUIT, DIG IRRIGA-
I \J tion ditches, make hay, etc., for a lar::e bank-
Ing company's ranch and orchard: $20 and found;
steady job. Murray & ready. Leading Em-
p oymont Agents, 634 and 636 clay st.
Of) LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, $1 60
a clay, city work; stableman for a dairy, $20,
city. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 A COOKS, $25, $30, $35, $40, $50 AND 65;
XV 10 waiters. $25, $30 and $35, hotels, restaur-
ants, resorts and springs; 6 disuwashers, $15, $20
and $25: 3 bakers, $30 and $35; cook for mine,
7 men: boy fora kitchen on a r*ncb, $10: cook,
private family, $20. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment A gents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTI~fD"~— BLACKSMITH HELPER,
young man. country sliop, $^0 and found. W.
D. EVV'EK & CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED- FOREMAN FOR MINE; GOOD
steady job: $80 per month. Apply to W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
W ANTED— '/IFATtMIfRS FOR NICE RANCH
*» near city, $25. . W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED— IO FARMERS FOR HAYING.
»' near city, $20 and $25 per month. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— SWAMPER ■ AND JACKSCREW- |
»' er for logging camp, long job, $35 and found,
free iare; also an all-round woodsman, *35 and
free fare. W. D. EWER * CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— HARVEST-HANDS, NICE
*» place, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and board; two
months' work or more. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st.
V\' ANTED— 'iO MEN TO PEE I, BARK, CHOP
»» wood and drive team, *26 per month «»nd
board, long job. W. D. EWER & C: ' 626 Clay st.
PASTRY COOK, $10 "a" WEEK, NO SUNDAY
X work: call early: pantryman, $20 and room:
etc. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st. - ■ .
GERMAN STEWARD, WIFE FIRST-CLASS
VJ cook, wish situations in resort or ho.el; best
references. L. ANDRE, 316 Stockton a .
OWEDISH OR GERMAN MAN TO TAKE
O care of horses, $25 and found; 2 ironers for
"steam laundry, $35. Apply 315 Siitter st.
UTLi'.R, $35" MISS CULLEN. 323 SLTTEB
street t
SOBER MAN IN WINE HOUSE: OF GOOD
0 character; mißdle aged; speaks German: mix
drinks for inside salesman and recommended from
last employer only need apply. Box C. M., Call
Branch Oflicc, 580 Montgomery st. > orner Clay.
1 A RISERS— THE JOURNEYMEN BACKERS'
I' Union meets Tuesday evening at 102 O'Far-
jell st.; nil journeymen are invited to attend.
BA KBI ■: KS, ATTENTION ! ALL . WHO WISH
XJ to enter the shaving contest at the picnic of
the Barber.' Association on June 28 aend their en-
tries until June h 27 to P. C. HAM.AN, 239y 2
o'Farrell st , - .
STEADY GERMAN BOY TO DELIVER BOOKS
and make himself generally useful; wages $10
and board and lodging. 2015 Mission st.
ANTED— THRKK GOOD HUSTLERS: BIG
money. Address W. T., box 168, Call Offlce.
YOUXG man FOR NURSERY WORICIN JOB-
X bing garden; wa«e3sls month. . 512 Haight st.
\V ' A X D— DISHWAsHKR AT 1504 KEN-
.■•-'» lucky st., Potrero, a~t, Reidy's Hotel.
EXTRA VOLUNTEER SINGKRS FOR JULY
4; immediately. J. W. McKENZIE, 524 Eddy, j
Wa x TKD— IOUO MEN at dTbli n Lotus
•»» barber-shop: newly opened: shaving sc; hitir-
cutting 10c; best in city. 207 Fourth st.
W A NTED-PARTNER ' WITH $50: WELL-
■■ 1 1 paying . butcher-shop. Apply at ' saloon 130
Fourth st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TAILOR'S SEAT-ROOM AT 611 '; CLAY
X room 7: 75c, with use of machine.'
\\J ANTED — STEADY MAN TO COLLECT
»» and assist generally |in light business ; salary
$65, with char.cc of incre»se; must have $150
cash. 777 Market St., room 7.
ANTED— S'J.KADY""MAN TO ASSIST IN
•»» store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness; salary $75 per month: must have 8250 cash.
See STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
lj AKBEK.-V ASSOCIATION Ur I A,. EMPLOY-
J-> ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2: 9 1 ■■. O'Farrell. ,
ABBESS — BEST- PAYING 3-CHAIR 15c
XJ shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDR Sail Jose.
VVT ANTED— A CLOTHING SALESMAN. AP-
" ply 523 MarKet St., room 7. bet. 3 and 6 p. m.
pAR 1 NER WANTED— ONE ACQUAINTED
X in city. temperate; rustler; reference; investi-
gatp. 1 mployment Office, 128 Four h st-
TRY ACME HoUSK, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
O DOINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Paclfi , below Kearny.
STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 ' MISSION, BET.
J-i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 10 $2 60; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean; quiet,; open all ninhl.
pLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS E'GHT;
VJ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
ESI IN CITY --SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $j., $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leigesdorfl sts.
OOM.S 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & <"0., Dept. L, latent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oner
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
•\ I EN'S HALF-SOLI NO, 50c.: LADIES. 40c:
J.VI done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel branch 767 .Market, Will <fe Finck's, S. F.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
Wfc; ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
"t your old shoes and make them as good as new,
end with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission st., between First and .Second sts.
V.i UN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
I<l all grocers keep it.
ANTED- MEN TO LhARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given aud
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
\\' ANTED— FOR THE a UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 31 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will oe
accepted ; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCJIO house, 8631/2 market ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
"WHAT CHEEK HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
" st; 200 rooms; best in the city sins: o looiua
20 and 25c a night, fli w>*ek: meals 10c.
WIN ESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' ersAclerks. KXOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 - sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
inn MEh-To TAKE lodging AT lOC, 15c
\\i\J and 20c a night. Including coffee aud rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
\\[ ANTED— SINGLE" ROOMS, 15c A DAY' r$T
»» r-«sek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a wee;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. *.•:•;
UN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 869 Mission.
1,1 KEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS Foil &c;
J nl*o a hotrl tot la<r»r. !><■. at SOT Clay st.
AGENTS WANTED.
"/^E^fs^BIG^BOOK; NEW IDEA; BIG HIT:
j-V low prices; don't order campaign outfits until
you see ours: the greatest campaign book of 1896;
prospectuses 50c. F. PERSON, manacer sub-
scription department, The Whitaker& Kay Com-
pany, 723 Market st. . .
GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLE AP-
ply 1027 Mitrke; St. v ■'.-.': :■'■':.
I'UKMTURE "WANTED.
ODHAND 1 FURNITURK FOI{ COUNT ftV;
— good prices. . T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
JC. MUTHBR, AUCTIONEER, 601 c ali-
. fornia st. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER I^SNT MOKE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FUKNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest pric&
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
.carpels, piano. ll:<"i Markft: tfl. Jessie /dl.
BOARDING WANTED. ~~7
BOARD AXD KOOM: DelsTr^TbTk" loc a-
tlon: exchange for piano. C. P.. box 169. Call
Offlce.
MONEY WANTED.
\\ ANTED— •I6O; WILL P AY»S PERMOXTH
M lnteres'. R. M.. box 144. Call Oflice.'
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
'ivTrNTED^-B aTvY^CAR R 1 AgFTn GOOD
'» order. Address, sating price, 8., box 16, Call.
WANTED— PRE-iS; CAPACITY 5 CUBIC
feet or more. MAGNESITE, 65 Union st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O '!"• 10 A. XI.XI.V. 109 Siit'i st.: send postal.
LOST.
T~6Vr^TßUi?c h~oTlk eVs^T^mTricet^t!
Xj Return to SHORT'S saloon, 1707 Devlsa-
derost.; reward.
UG DOG; ANSWERS TO NAME OF BUD.
Return to I*3B Howard St.; reward.
ost-lakge"frks ii"lt kTTcow ; LIRERAL
reward. Return to 1788 McAllister st.
OST— CO AC DOG; NAMK PLATE AND
address on collar; reward. 3213 Fillmore st.
TRAY COW FOUND AT CO LAI aT~HOL-
O stein: owner call. M . CaI.I, A X , col ma.
~ HOKSES.
CIX-YEAR-OLD STYLISH ALL-PURPOSE
0 business horse; 1200 pounds; sound, gentle
and well broke; cheap. 351 Third st.
L'OK SALE CHEAP— FINK SORRELI HORSE;
x^weitht 1200. A pply 406 Sixth st.
El BOLD HARNESS COM.PAN Y~5OO SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
HARNESS, TEAM, EXPRESS, BAKERY
wagon : also 2 cheap horses. 1620 Mission st.
"I r.l\ SE<I 'SNEW AND SECOND HAND HA rt*
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission's:
AUCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary, cor. venworth. ever v Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. K. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
F)(\n SKT NEW AND. SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: bugey. wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawav: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
J" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse -
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction soles every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED; -SKND FOR CIRCU-
:»r. ''ini'vdo Ranch.' 63o 1 ornmercial s*..
WAGONS AND CAKUIAGES.
rOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
1 carriages of every dose Iptlon: cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
QLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
MEW AND SKCON D-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
-»-' dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison at- ■
; bicycles.
JW I N F I E Lm^KXiKSOXr^HTMc TILISTEiC
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
CON Dl l AND WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25. Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., '.'5 Geary st. '
QX NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE; 545 AND
O%J $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market St.
IJICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, >iS~fcTS6S. HAM-
Xi ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
I ICYCLES FOR $20, $25, ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
» y $50, second-hand. 306 Tost st.
FOR SALE- '96 RAMBLEKTWARWICK: IM-
X penal aud Clipper bicycles at great gains.
303 Larkln st. - . ■ . : . .
PARK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO LET;"
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
Alllater and Powell st. car hues.
SEWING MACHINES. '■ ■ :
DOMESTIC SEWING Mai HINE. WITH AT-
tachmeutß, $12 50. 1:437 Mission St., nr. 21st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED^
xi. rested, repaired ; lowest rate*. 205 Fourth
. BUSITNTESS CHANCES.
T"~O "SELL" A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash see STRAND & CO., 917 Market
<JT» 97 ; "r GROCErtY AND BAR: OLD ESTAB-
tjp^»l»'. lished; rent only $10: No. 1 location;
pays well. STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
QCiZ>l\ LIQUOR-STORE: FULL VALUE:
«JpUc)U. offer wanted. STRAND & CO., 917
Market st.
C? 1 OX FRUIT STORE: GREAT BARGAIN.
<pl^«J. See STRAND & CO., 917 Market St.
CJ 1 7fT SALOON, 4 ROOMS, PIANO, ETC.
«J)X I U. STRAND A CO., 917 Market st.
A QOC COFFEE . SALOON. PAYS WELL.
«JPOZi«J. STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
■ €:I^An BUTCHER-SHOP: TRADE OF $50
I «]pl-lil'U. to $60 a day; this place is well fitted
I up and everything complete for the business; 3
I horses. 1 wagon, 2 carts: great bargain; cheap at
I $2000. See si'RA.NE & CO, 917 Market st.
$O-f\ RESTAURANT; 3 LIVING ROOMS:
— •.»U. rent $20: doing Al business; daily re-
| ceipts $10. M. LESS & CO., 783y 2 Market st.
I (JgOKnA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
i O*J\j\J . exceptionally good location large
■ well-selected stock; fine s ore trado; big bar busi-
i ness: large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
I 783y 3 Market st.
<B£ Af\f\ SALOON; THRIVING INTERIOR
j «IP"tUU. town: opposite large railroad depot;
I cheap rent; living rooms; receipts $10: daily ex-
| penses $1; good stock-. M. LESS CO., 7833^
j Market st.
<J>7?:/) PARTNER WANTED IN FAMILY
•Jc I O\t. liquor-store; run successfully by
present owner for 20 years: large outside route:
half cash: youns man preferred must have good
references. M. LESS <fc CO., 783y 3 Market at.
C«Onn PARTNER RESTAURANT; O W N KB
rjDZUU. lady. STEXBERG COMPANY, 632
Market st.
<219^n PARTNER TO PURCHASE HALF
tip— O\J. interest in well-paying saloon near
I Kearny St.; run place night and day; German
preferred. STENBERG CO., 632 Market si.
<JJJf»AA SALOON AND LIQUOR STORE;
1 tJPUUU. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to
'■ $^0: full value; stock and;flxturea; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market St.
(EJI f\ (\f\f\ ROAD house, ACROSS THE
X\f .l >\JVJ . bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most deilrable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
tills offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the rrope-ty; satisfy yourself.
STE.XBt.KG & CO., 632 Market St. .-•:. ■■•;.
(Bji G()(\ RESTAURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
«IrJ-Uv'U handsome private rooms: three en-
I trances: old-established trade; chance rarely of-
| fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
U?J BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
_ »'". store; thriving location: living-rooms:
new stork; suitable for family. STEXBERG CO.,
: 632 Market st.
I <HjT Cfi PARTNER WANTED —LIGHT,
ijtltjyj. genteel business, with rising young
man of good standing and reputation; no night or
Sunday work; well established and will pay from
; $65 to $76 per month. See to-day GEO. STEW-
I ART, 602 Market St.
I (2»97' SALOON — FINE FIRST-CLASS
I <s>'-J I O. place, nicely fitted up: good stock: best
I location; doing paying business; a bargain. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st.
".HA PARTNER IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
<&O\J\J. mercantile commission-house, controll-
ing large trade from all parts of the coast; owner
desires partner as business Is too much for one;
business has always been prosperous andean be
largely increased: will pay big returns on money
invested: will bear thorough Investigation; for-
tune for some active man who wants profitable
investment. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
$'AA WOOD, coal and express busi-
t?O\J\J. ness; 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler, engine
running: saws, scales, etc. ; positively clears $150
per mouth. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
qlaa WOOD, coal and express BUSI-
tJpUUU. ness; 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler, engine
running: saws, scales, etc. : positively clears $150
per month. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
-\\O YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
X> promptly. HEALY & CO ,23 Kearny at.
C>~ Q f\(\ WOOD, COAL, HAY' AND PEED;
<fpOV'\J. does an express business; 4 horses:
wagons; owns buildings. HEALY, 23 Kearny St.
Q*O(inn HOT XL ol? 2i ROOMS, BAR,
»J!iiUUu. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from san Francisco, clearing $150 per
month: rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view; must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain: satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
Qizl^O FINE GROCERY AND BAR. BEST j
♦;'"«■»'-'• location in city, good business, sells 8
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business; see this at once. T. LUBELSKI,
I 7 City Hall aye.
fiOTF GROCERY AND BAR: FINE ESTAB-
«ITUUV./. lished place doing good business; the
stock is fresh; rent cheap and the locality fine;
see this at once: a rare chance; good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
eiftflH partner IX ELEGANT paying
•ITUWV/. business: will stand the fullest investi-
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge
j the business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(JJ I Al\(\ AN ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP |
I «JP 1 ttV/17. across the bay. with two horses and ;
I wagons, tine fixtures, saf.\ cash,iree st«r: working '
3 men and doing fine business; object or' selling
j alckoessjinvestigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
(QiftOn tINK STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
j «PUUw. tionery business; in good locality; rent
! cheap: with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SPOT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chaudlse. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ffl|l(|n VEGETABLE-STORE AND FKUIT-
f?IM\t. stand. $150— s.Ioon: paving fine.
$700— Restaurant: worth $1. 00; see this.
$2: o— Branch bakery an d delicacy ; worth double.
$1100— A snap In an elegant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
■ffl» 1 p.(\ COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
<3>LO\f. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ALOON; BEST LOCATION: NO REASON-
abIe offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
i ■{•OAn BAKERY: FINE CORNER ; 3 ROOMS:
«IpOUU. bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR LODGING-HOUSE
business or other property, 80 acres of fine
farming laud and some cash; Walla county,
Wash. .free. MACGILLIVRAY & CO., 1028 Mar- |
I ket st. !
j Q.I7C CIGAR-STORE, WITH LIVING ,
1 tjp i- ' '-'• rooms, on account of sickness: no
agents. 1127 Mission st.
«2.'_>nA HALK INTEREST in THRIVING
rjpOUv. cash business; duties light and easily
learned: or will exchange for real estate in city or
across the bay. SI., box 33, Call Office.
4>Or\ Pi PART -ER WANTED IN GOOD ',
«JP — O\J . paying saloon: g od supply of stock.
Apply at 1024 Mason st.. corner Pacific.
<Bl k -> "^ rj PAYJNGCORNER SALOON WANTS
— t)U. partner; experience unnecessary. 633
Howard st.
1 .i: COFFEE AND CHOPHOUSE: SAME |
1 £.0^ hands 7 years. J. COLE. 506 Howard. 1
VOR SALE—HALF INTEREST IN DOWN-
JD town chophouse. 210 Drumm st.
AN WITH $100 TO JOIfTME; AIUaT MEAN
business. B. 8.. box 12, Ca 1 Office. -. v,^ ?
THIRST-CLASS ; OOD- PA V I N i BAKERY.
x! cheao, on account of death. Call office.
Rl : AUK A NT— GOOD LOCATION; GOOD
XV place tor man and wife; cheap. Apply Call.
PKLIABLK PARTNER WANTED WITH
Xt *300; good business. Apply 1004 Mkt.. rm. 1.
C*l^7T7i FOR SALE lO CLOSK AN ESTATE;
; «JpV)Uv/. stationery, bakery and variety store at
j 1010 Buchanan St.; rent of store with 4 rooms
j and bath $22 60. Apply after 2 o'clock, J. ■
REIMER, Attorney-at-Law, 609 Montgomery st. j
ffljOXfin FIRST-CLASS salo >N; LEASE;
— O\J\J. good trade: owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address C. H., box 139, Call Office. j
ft"Q||nn ONE of THE best paying I
:tjr.O\J\J\J. summer and winter hotels and health |
; resorts in California; on railroad; magnificent
1 scenery; well established: pays $2600 a year net
j and growing. H. M. WuOLLKY, 532 Market st.
lURST-CLASS BEER SALOON; CEN T RALLY
located; near Market st. For further particu-
lars address EDWARD CONOLLEY. 5J2 Mont-
gomery st... or call bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
U/ ANTED— GROCERY AND BAR IN GOOD
■* location, or suitable corner store with living- '
rooms. C. H., 1818 Polk st.
Q ALOON FOR bALE-GOOD LOCATION, GOOD
O stock; no reasonable offer refused. Inquire ;
room 40, Chronicle building.
W ANTED— PARTNER IN WOOD AND COAL \
:»» business; horses, wagons, etc.; lease; house
rent free. Apply Call Ollice.
V OUNG BUSINESS MAN with SOME
X ready cash wishes .to secure a position, or
would invest in business enterprise in city or coun-
try. Address J. S. W., box 17, Call Office.
V K UITSTOKE — GOOD BUSINESS; TRANS-
X 1 fer corner. Flllmore and Turk sts.
WILL TRADE OlfEX CHANGE ■ BAKERY
»» outbt, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
pROCERY AND BAR; FULL FIRVf-CLASS
VJ stock; 3 rooms attached. Fifteenth and Dolores.
pROCKU WANTED TO START CASH GK&
\J eery: cheap rent; neighborhood without one.
Apply 220. Adeline st., Oakland.
$1 800 SAL °t>- v : Al; BEST RETAIL LO-
«CSXOUU. cality; strictly first class; small cx-
i penses; good profits; desire to sell immediately,
ssriSd^ wfs : .. o^i?^,^ ll^: to iuvesti:
B^tget^cia^t.^^' «hkapTXclsas:
n ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJ Apply this oflice: no agents.
'$> ] 000 Uk L f i-N I'EKii.ST IN OLD ESTAB-
-li)J-u,i )J - u , w ' liahed, well stocked, good paving
general sore out of town; double value in sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call OlUce,
\/j AX WITH $150 WANTS TO BUY INTER-
i'A est 111 paying business, groceries, etc., across
bay preferred ; no agents. "PLAIN'S, 2106 Mar-
I. A KEKY, NOTIONS AND CANDY STORE
for years; nice living-rooms. 1029
Valencia st.
CHOICE INVESTMENT OF HOTEL PROP-
.Verty: pays 12 per cent: $3000 or $4000 cash;
grocery or bar as par; payment. 1019 Ellis.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Continqed.
m/^rri CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, LlV-
tlpUcltf. ing room, north of Market: low rent,
good place: kept by owner for years; rare chance.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St. .
<£ - (\f\ SALOON, ESTABLISHED YEARS,
tl, uuU \ with large patronage, on Kearny st.;
partner* don't agree. WILKE. 531 California at.
~C^K(\- i HONEST AX D INDIS'IK lOUs PART-
QtJiJ' '• ncr wanted in hotel and saloon: clear-
| ing S'-'OO per month. WTLKE <& WOLF, 531 Call-
I torn st. .
~<Bit'T\(\ CANDY-STORE. BRANCH BAKERY
r^Ol'v. and stationery; laundry and U.S. stamp
agency: Market st : 5 ro>>ms, bath: rent $15; kept
by owner 6 years. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia gt. -
fl.'nA BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VERY"
tJpOUU. good business; daily receipts above
$10; 3 living-rooms- rent $22; rarest chance.
WILKE <fc WOLF. 531 California st.
m>j'fm STEAM LAUNDRY: ESTAB-
«S)OOUU. lished for years: all modern improve-
ment doin? large business; 4 horses and 4 wag.
' ons; owner owns property: will give lease.
WIJLKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
A QCA SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
fJpOOU. rent $30; lease: average dally receipts,
$16: near Market Hall; actual value, $1000. ».all
WILKi. & WOLF, 531 California st.
COR SALE— THE PATENT RIGHTS OF A
X newly patented machine, called the Farmer's
Pride, consisting of an improved harrow and roller
which also can be worked in connection with seed-
sower. inquire at ANDREW KRUCCKELS,
1154 Washington St., Oakland.
OESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
XV sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for consumptive.
Cull or address 3321 Mission st.
A-N OLD ESTABLISHED FURNITURE-
■IX.' store: cheap; owner cannot attend business.
935 a Folsom st. ______^_
PHARMACY SAN FRANCISCO; WELL
X located and stocked: price low. Address R. E.
T., box 9. Call Office.
p ING CYCLER V; BEST LOCATION
VT in the city, best of reasons for selling. Box
16, this office. ■
PARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
Xby lady of means. Room 2, 12 Mason su -
IpOR SALE, AT A SACRIFICE, A SPLENDID-
-1 paying restaurant between 2 carhouses: rent
only $17, living rooms included: owner retiring
from business. Apply at once 3279 Mission St.
ENERGETIC MAN WANTED BY LADY AS
£J partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122!
Post st. ._
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific St.
PARTNER WANTED BY A LADY: GOOD
X proposition: $75 capital. 11 Taylor St., room 1.
"ajTTnri rare CHANCE: first-class
<JpttUl7. restaurant on principal street of Hay-
wards, doing a good business: selling on account
of sic ness. Address D. C, box 45, llaywards, CaU
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER
'Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
ej.r/-k/-\rk CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
<Jp«JUv7U. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.: principals only.
Apply F. L CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 325
Montgomery st.
p ROCERY STORE, 3 ROOMS, FIXTUREW,
\JT some stock, to let. 2201 Fifteenth st,
T>LACKSMITH-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP;
X> good place; $150. Inquire 337 Fifth st.
<2>qnnn FOR HALF interest in A
»jV)UUU manufacturing business. 328 Bush St.,
room 4.
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137, Call Office.
flljQnA WILL BUY GROCERY AND BAR:
<Jp«jUU 4 rooms furnished: rent $15; whole
[ hous -; other business to attend to; a snap. <Jo-
lumbia, 128 Fourth St.
I>OR SALE -OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
X. and wine cellar In a near-by town. Inquire
WICHMAN, LUTGENS & CO., 318 Clay St.
T^RUG-STORE— SIOOO WILL BUY A PAYING
Xs store: invoice $1600. Address Drag, box 59,
Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
I'T Y^U~wTN?~T^^U^r^R~^El2L^A^ODG*r
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
1 O ROOMS; NICE HOME; EDDY ST... $35'}
xv 16 rooms; bit- bargain: Powell st 650
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, 0n1y.... 650
i 36 rooms, corner, oak furniture: piano 1100
| 50 rooms; $125 a month guaranteed: none better.
25 rooms to let, unfurnished: elegant house.
A. M. SPECK «fc CO., 602 Market st.
1 C-UOOM COR. HOUSE. NEAR BALDWIN;
XU must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Efk ROOM HOTKL; RENT $70: BUSTNESS
O\) location: $1500. DECKER, 1020 Market.
LTOR BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES SEE
X I STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
AKGAIN— I4 ROOMS. FULL OF STEADY
roomers; north central. Address B. C, box
161, Call.
A<-J ROOMS; BEST-PAYING HOUSE: CHEAP ;
tfcOeasy terms. 115 Second st.--
T ODGING-HOUSES BOUGHT, SOLD AND
XJ exchanged. PHEl.t's & CO., 917 Larkin st.
WELL-FURNISHED, good 57- ROOM lodg-
• ' ing-house: In a good location. 613 Mission st.
OO WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR .$575:
&O low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st.
L; OAK DING AND LODGING HOUSE FOR
I > sale at 39 Pacific st.
OUSE OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house; $20. 544 Sixth si.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
Oq^Tv^Tx"!v!^s77wi?^}Rl^^
— » '— arranged for lodgings or houskeeping.
FUKNITUKE biiiZ SALE.
O^T^A^E^T^ijOMr^FL^^C^Si^UE
and newly furnished: rent $30. 125 Grove St.
i"OR SALE OK RENT— FURNITURE OP 7
X rooms; a bargain. 1029% -Market sf.
SPECIAL SALE OF BED- LOUNGES !
60 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) *4 00
Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oa«: : 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
■i\ lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
11 RE SALE : ~"
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dl*.
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5..,.,,,,,,, .».,.,„.,,.... ...sl<\ ">"»
Bed lounges 8 08
Stoves ....^ 753
Carpets, peryard ...*~. 55
Linoleum, per yard „ , , 6S
Matting, peryard , 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventU and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. • . ■_
Ai\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $147
" '.y/yJ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20; folding- b«di,
fill; bed- ounces. $". T. 1) MCCARTHY 112 4th.
CAKPET CLEANING.
TONEB^7?O. :^~cIIiiXNING AN^
tl renovating works. Main o'Blce 35 and 27 B'h.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c,; LAYING, 3& : KCtt
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth st.
GBKAT W-KSTKRN CARPET-BEATING
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth : phone Jessie 253.
HEN" YOU BKCOMK DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDIXG'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
pONKLIN'SCARPKT EEATING WORKS. SdS
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. ,
JTY STEAM CA RPKTCLKA NING.RENOVA-
tInsr. 38 Bth. M'EVKNS, msr. Tel. south 250.
pARPE'JS CLEANED AND RENOVATED.
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth: tat.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH ft CO.. successor!.
E. MITCHELL <7a RI'KT ING CO., 241»
. 14th su; cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RBN-
. ovattii; works. 453 Stevenson: t»l. south 223.
FOX SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
CJjOr: GOOD BUSINESS BT'GGY'; OR
is>Ak). trade for second-hand lumber. 115 Sec-
ond st. •
VIEW 1896 HIGH-GKADE TANDEM BU
i-> cycle at a great bargain. IRA SORRICK, 14
Sansome street, room 37. -
liH>B -SALE— Fi'.KSH FAMILY COW; Dl'R.
ham-Holstein. 216 Linden aye., nr. Franklin st.
"L^OR SALE CHEAP — TEAM OF YOUNG
X mules, harness and wagon: good roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia st., Oakland.
FOR SALE— I 15-HORSEPOWER ENGINE,
good as new, cheap for cash ; will trade. Shoe
Factory. Sixteenth st.. Oakland. ■
RILL; BARNES' 20-INCH 5 WING SQUARE
base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st. ■
OUX T E P.'sT KJA' 1 Mi, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 11-1 ; Market, bet. 7th &
ARGAINS 1 YPK WRITE US: "a 1.1, MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Kx., 310 California.
T~o7li-."ks7k"-\ 1 ; 1 x i:>. i i>h an d MACHINERY,
Jj waterpipes. Milntosh «fc Wolpman, 137 Beats.
1 . UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHIii"
I ■ doors, mantels, etc. fir sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL iIKDILM AND LARGE SIZJS
fire and burg'.s.r proof safe. 109, 111 Market k.
I," IKK AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETT EH-
1 X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
"t^ew-ranuejj cheaper THAN SECONJ>
i\ hand. <V. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California s-_
BAGGAdE TKANsFEIt.
mRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTsTcOM^IERCIAL
i^^e.'p o^"^^,^^-- «•= 'elephon^
TYPJEWKITJiits". ~ 7
A , SPLEVDID^iiM^NGTON?S4O- SEN s"foß
ionKerv^- SC ° TT & **™™. ™HOUSES TO T,ET.
Ti SUNN'S KKSim-M'K CORNER
1 Taylor and Broadway; 10 rooms and bath; tine
view. Apply H. MEYER, 9-.'9 Broadway.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY 6 BOOM 8; OPEN
plumbing; nice neighborhood. 612 Guerrero.
CPLENDID BROOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
-0 tleth si . bet. Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent.
-1 1 sUTrt*R"l*T., NEAR TAYLOR— VERY
IXI choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable.
* ppreciated IF SEEN: 8291/o SUTTER,
_- near Jones: choice for doc or or dressmaker.
7po LET— UOU-E OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
I yard and basement; modern; rent $16. 110
Noe St., near Fourteenth.
"C^l li HOUSE. 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND
■ 1". bath. 624 Locust aye., on Lasuna.
HOUSE— A ICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMuND, 10
Montgomery st.
<"|) MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
'„ 'JV'. nient : lar yard: jitßble. 417 Ridley at.
FUKNISHED MOUSES.
QI'NNY' HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; NICELY FUR-
nlshed; piano: *35. 1515 Grove st.. nr. Baker.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
mcTLOM B ARDT'NE ~£a"r KI N™~COtI
— Xi/ tage, 6 rooms and hath; modem improve-
ments; marine view; cheap.
T^TLOTT— COTTAGE 6 BOOMS AND BATH;
I — JX garden in from; rent $19: owner. 111 Van
Nets aye.
«5» 1(1 COTTAGE 5 BOOMS* BATH. 3
X\J. l_ussat St.. near Fillmore.
Q 1 q sunny bay-window cottage OF
Cl 10. 6 rooms; large yard. 134 Dolores St., nr.
Fifteenth.
1 Oft SEVENTH— .' LARGE Si NNY FRONT
XOU furnished housekeeping rooms, veranda;
yard.
OTTAGE OF 8 1.0-iMS; BATH; GARDEN;
J yard. 2324 Mission st.
Si 7 \fi COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD
0 I .(Ml order; water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant s:., near — ighth, or 14 Montgomery St.,
G. H. UMHSKN A CO.
_"__Nl_U_:_» FLATS.
1R( M VMS:' Kt'RN if UKeToRSALE"
-02 Grove St., cor. Van Ness aye.
•>7»J>l JA C SUN— VERY NICE FLAT; FUR-
■*- I ■—■- nished ; upstairs; references; reasonable.
T^INELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
X bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of Cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable: water free. Address
H. C. .1. box 86. Call Office.
FLATS TO X,_T.
"? J^TXT_ — T^O^M^.'^HALLT^F^DrNG^
•' — — • doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced, $12;
also 5 rooms, bath; rent reduced, $12. :
C I 7 HAYEs— MODERN FLATS 7 BOOMS
01 I and bah; rent reduced, UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
TO LET— I3I2 AND 1314 GREEN; 3 rooms
and bath; rent $10. Apply .MADISON &
BURKE.
Ql7 Z\(\ VE-RO' FLAT, 750 FOLSOM:
•_1 I ._»U. $__ 50— 5-room flat, '22 Webster;
510— - room fiat, 1027 Capp; $B— Cheap bouse re*r
of 10-5 Capp. McKWKN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
S; I. FLAT, i'-^O PINE, OPPO-
*— ' site the Bella Vista: 6 rooms and ba:_; rent
latest improvements.
\TPPEK FLAT 6 KOUMS ND BATH; 3314
V 1 Nineteenth st., near Mission.
tLKG A NT FLAT, 7 ROOMS, BATH; 1138
SU Fulton st., opposite Alamo square; rent $35.
1 Ml 7 STt-iNEK, eaTTsutter— LOWER
X<J\J I flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; hath.
rUT 4 BUNNY ROOMS. 13 HAMPTON
X place, off 1 olsom Bt_, bet. second and Third.
"^ 1•> 4 !..i.. ei,2oS7^ MISSION ST. KEY
V XOm in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
VLAT OF ■■ SUNNY BOOMS. 224iiO'FAR-
X relist.; rent $12 50.
CNNYFLAT; 5 ROOMS: BATH. 636 Ji_-
-0 ales bet. Seventh and Eighth.
l^Jl EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
i O~± L nertlat; 6 rooms; ia'.est improvement*;
rent reasonable.
I/L A : noons AND RATH; MODERN im-
X provements- 15'^0 Post .-:.
QyO FLAX OF 3 LAKGE ROOMS: LAKGE
•_ 1 •». yard. 21-1.2 i— event h St., nr. Howard.
Ql ( Jl HARRISON— MIDDLE! _AT; 3 LARGE
V XKJ^ sunny rooms; rent $11.
Q1 X FURNISHED ROOM FLAT: NO
«jplc>. children. Inquire E. H. PERKY, 961
Mission si.
V E FLAT 8 KOOMS, BATH; REASON-
— .^ able: souihenst cor. Pase aud Lyon sts. Apply
on premises or H5O Fremont st.
VtW _bi#EilN \\.\ r. 5 KOOMS, BATH.
-i-> yarit, basement; §22 50. 639MinDa*l.
9|-1 A SUTTEB ST.Z7\~XICK SUNNY FLAT;
— "It yard front and rear: «15.
/• rooms, bath" a~nd stable, corner
' ' Tnenty-seooud and Harrison.
O]() REDUCED, 1614 LEAVEN WORTH—
•."-"-"• Upper tim 4 rooms; yard; cheap.
.;.;. i ROSE AVK., 81-. T. HAIGHT AND PAGE
— — v" sts.— 3 Minny rooms: bath and basement.
-r)l- TENTH — I- LAT ; 5 ROOMS;
—— • V.) batb ; modern improvements.
- 1 r OCTAVIA, NX. MCALLISTER— LOWER
IX') flat of 5 rooms: bath, gas and basement.
OI 9 'i , LOWEB FLATS; 5 ROOMS;
•, l — «.c)U. every ronvenlence. 4220 Nine-
teenth St., west of Cas ro. «
-•)t'\ McA-HFtER— FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
1 — <U2 bath: sunny «We: rent reduced.
"JI'NXV ■ ITS; 8 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden: *13 and *16. 1 706 Post St.
(< 1 7 NKW MODERN SUNNY FLATS, FIVE
• It. rooms and bath. 141 San Jose aye., near
Twen:y-four;h s:.
QI ,• MODI RN UPPEB FLAT OF 8 ROOMS
•_ 1 '*. and bath. 2909 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
L>l (\ KLLIs fIIKEE SUNNY PLATS; 3
OIU rooms, bath, yard, basement; $ 20.
1 Oni TUKK- FURNISHED FLAT; THREE
1 — " 'ft rooms and bath; rent 325.
Ot- GIS PARK, OFF RIDLEY, ABOVE
O\) Valencia— 2 or 3 rms. : bath; laundry: yard.
_1A 4-BOOM UPPER FLAT. HALF A
lU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Giant .•. ye.
1 W'l FULTON— <tOOD LOU XX FLAT: 5 !
X J-Oa rooms and bath: near City Hall.
»> TO 7 BOOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
-0 tages. from »6 to 920. SPECK <t CO., 602
Market st.
II ICE flat and others TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
L; 077 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bain; large
:«rd: sun all day; rent $14; water lr<?e.
T/L-GANT N K\v' FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J-< low Urrant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to!? 16.
CUNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH ;
0 all late*' improvrments: $16. "IHnniv"i .
BUVSEK£KPIN4> KOOMS.
Capp Street.
9 A CAPP-2 SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
~\J complete, for housekeeping to a quiet family.
_;<l_r street.
HI Q X DD V - FI'TTnTsHED OR UNFUR-
— X O nlshed rooms: housekeeping; single rooms;
•4 up.
'.)/ I " KDDY -PLEASANT FRONT" ROOM;
O\JO suitable for 'i gentlemen or man and wife.
Kighth Street.
QfiJ. eighth - DOUBLE SUNNY room
OU"T for housekeeping.
—.ills Street.
C QO ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
• ).}—. rooms and bath.
riC\L' ELLIS— FRONT SUITE OR 3 ROOMS
I \)\) complete for housekeeping, nicely fur-
pished.
~~~ Firth street. ~~
99 I FIFTH— NICK SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
—J—.X kitchen, for houstkeemng.
->\ A FI v ' H-SUNN V FRONT BAY-WINDOW
•Hi room and kitchen : also 2 other sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath; large yard; private; $10 up.
099 FIFTH ST.— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
.>_— . for housekeeping; rent $9.
Q*"~>"r: FIFTH - FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
O-. Jlng2. $10; 3, $13; also single, $5.
AiiQl FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT KOOMAND
__C>2 kitchen: furnished complete housek'ping.
Fourth Street.
Of\7 FOURTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
O\J /housekeeping rooms; $2 to $2 50 per week.
'ourth, ( OR. LOUISA. OVER KESTAU-
F rant, entrance 90 Louisa— Bay-window front
and kitchen, 12; also two, «K.
Fulton *treet.
-I "I n FULTON— 2 LAKOE HOUSEKEEPING
J ID rooms; pard; $10 month.
Howard Street.
l 1 QA HOWARD— "3 COMPLETE FUR-
-1 1 O\J Dished housekeeping rooms; In private
family. • -
I nrj HOWARD. cor. NINTH — FINE
l_,t)tr large bay-window room; suitable for
housekeeping or 2 gents; single room $5. -
IUUHOWAED — 3 UNFURNISHED
iulO rooms; light housekeeping; use bath and '
aundry; no children.
iTTo/l HOWARD— 4 OR 5 SUNNY BOOMS,
_'I_.\J furnished for housekeeping: nice house;
:arden; very reasonable.
i.yile Street.
)]f\ HYDE — TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
- IU rooms complete for housekeeping.
l.a r I>> »ir«o;.
'>')" LARiaN ST— 3 CONNECTING ROOMS;
'->— U £unusa«s<lcomji-leie for _ou»e_eeping.
nOUSEKKKPIXO- KOOMS — Continued.
3. . -moii -1 reel.
n*.)"l MISSION-SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
■ _•'; exclusive bath and porch; other rooms.
(1 I" MISSION— TWO FURNISHED ROOMS
yll for housekeeping.
Moss Street.
Of» MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
— 'U furnished rooms for housekeeping.
New Montgomery street.
10"i SEW MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
X\JU hands; clean, front furnished housekeep-
ing suites, $8.
Norfolk Street.
9-ROOMED COTTAGE, FURNISHED FOR
— housekeeping: washroom, yard. 52 Norfolk
St., off Folsom, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
Octaviii Street.
1 HO OCTAVIA. CO It. GEARY- SUNNY;
X^\JO bay-window connecting; furnished;
housekeeping.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA--
or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
i'oat Street.
17-1 C POST— FURNISHED uR UNFURNISH-
• 1 O ed rooms: light housekeeping or oflice.
Prospect Place.
I 9Q PROSPECT PLACE — FURNISHED
-L-—*J rooms for housekeeping or without, with a
German family.
Seventh Street.
0901 SEVENTH— 3 UNFURNISH'D SUNNY
0~02 rooms cheap.
Mith Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy houseki epiug rooms and other rooms.
Stevenson Street.
jl 9": STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
T:_ •«-) Sixth— Elegant rooms; first floor; very con-
venient. Apply within.
(\A ) STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
U"±— Eighth— 'i furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath: central.
Taylor Street.
I flO TAYLOR— FURNISHED ROOM WITH
IUO kitchen for housekeeping; single rooms.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— I, 2OR 3
X— . large sunny rooms, housekeeping or board.
Third Street.
I 40 THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
L_«.) rooms complete, first floor: bath, gas.
ZOCi THIRD— FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
♦JtjU housekeeping, cheap: also single.
'lurk *'rect.
I 1 T V elegantly furnished
IIU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street. _:.
I 9 1 TWELFTH— 2 FURNISHED OR UN-
JLOti furnished housekeeping rooms; lower floor.
Van N««a Avenue
oil TAN ness AYE. — LARGE, SUNNY-
OX 1 front alcove and kitchen complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
X X _: furnished rooms for housekeeping, cheap.
Van Ness Avenue.
IfjOVAN NESS AYE.— TWO ROOMS FUR-
-11'— nlshed for housekeeping; 1 front; sunny;
$17.
Miscellaneous.
PLEASANT HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS IN
X private family; reduced rates. . R. R., box 147,
Cail "me-".
KOO3IS TO LKT.
liu*li ree..
797 BUSH— LARGE BaY-WINDOW ROOM;
I _. I also smail front. ?7.
1 1 (\fT BUSH— B A N I>s< IM KLY FURNISHED
1 11/ I rooms, gas. hot and coid water; bath.
I 1 OK NICELY FURNISHED AL-
i- 1 €>O cove suite: rent $14 a month. _^
<i<ly Ptreec.
OA 7 EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM, GAS,
OKJ I bath: low rent: private family.
r»O"7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
v)') I front rooms g_ •__
_-i|flitli Mi eel.
QHERMAN APABTMRHT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 s_. near Market: hirninheJ and unfurnished.
—.iiin Street.
EOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
-It lights in every room: re— dlog-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. *'•! to M; month, ?8 to *30; fire
escapes; elevator on otlice tloor- r'ms for families.
rpiiE RAMON A. ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATE 6.
1 HART, menager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <& cola water.
OIAELLI^ 3 NE"\VLYFI;RNISiiED ROOMS
— •— -U complete for housekeeping; $'2H.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, f.LLIS-100 ROOMS
XI at reduced rent : satisfy yourself: open all night.
099 ELLIrs (THE PALM '. MRS A. J. (
•'— — CALHOI prop. — First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
A 1 O ELLIS — FURNISHED OK* UNFUR-
_:xO nished; light housekeeping; single rms.. $6.
I ittii street.
-I OQ FIFTH ST.— NICE, CLEAN, SUNNY j
X\JO trout rooms, single or double, ?1 50 to $3 :
per week. j
Poisons sires..
7QX FOLSOM-SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
i OO front room; $4 month.
Q9H FOLSOM— DOUBLE OK SINGLE BOOMS
O—U from fl p?r week up.
— eury street.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
— 1 I•> unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
7T~~T<Vk ABY— NICELY FURNISHKD SUITE
J 1- "1 of rooms; suitable for man and wife or 'i
gentlemen; $25.
(|O R V - KLKG A NT LV FURNISHED
0~0 parlor unite; alto single rooms.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: flO
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
t.ulutu <-;r. «» Avenue.
i}C'A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
_.U'i parlor; reasonable.
Cl (» GOLDEN GAT E AYE. — PLEASANT,
OX U sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Harriet Street.
9' O HARRIET-3 ROOMS; CHE.' A
Howard street.
COO HOWARD— SUNNY FURNISHED
C— -• ) rooms with bath: rent very reasonable.
1 Qf\U HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH — 3
IOvU or 4 rooms: rent low.
v our* ».re«t.
m JONES— nicely FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcuveroom: private.
O/)7 JONES— TU_ VAN \VLNK_R; NKW
jL\l I manasement: ele^iuis tunny suites and
tiQKle; uewly furnished; bath, etc.: -10 to S.HtJ.
I 9HQ JONEB BT.-TO RENT, SUNNY FUR-
l—v»/ nlabed rooms; single or suite.
-•Hrnjf »lre«t.
ARLINGTON HOUBK, 127 KEARNY-PLBA*
__ . ant funny rooms, en suite and «I— fie; tirsi cl_u
;o *very respect: terms r<-av>r.able.
91 Q KKAKNY - !-.W I . V I fKNOVATED AND
£ii.v elegantly furnished rooms, suite or single,
by the day, week or month; first floor for otUces.
MRS. GRACE GEORGE.
Lark In street.
Q-I 7LA R X I N-NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
OX I double, single and housekeeping; all fur-
DUhod; 37 up.
j>iuik<>t street.
YOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PIliR
1 night, 36c to $1 ; week, $1 50 10 $5: families.
McAllister Street.
19A MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 3 NICELY
1 ~.VJ furnished rooms; reasonable.
lOC MCALLJSTKB. NEAR VAN NESS—
rr^iO Nicely furnished sonny room: use of bath.
j. )u n a Mi««.,
(\(\l MINNA, COR. eighth— newly FUR-
UU 1 nisbed bay-window rooms; f1 a week.
. Jims un "■treet.
99991 MISSION-NICE LARGE ROOMS-
~i*-——% new bedding; private family; special
care.
Oak Street.
Q99 OAK— LARGE. SUNNY, WELIrFUK-
«)i~_ nished front room; a guile reasonable.
Polk Street.
7 1 7 folk-nice, BUNNY, furnished
4 11 rooms ; rent $5 to $8.
IDm FOLK— 4 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
X U\JX. partly furnished.
Yon Street.
71 Q POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
i XO private bath.
Mxlh Street.
101 SIXTH SUNNY FRONT SUITE
It) 2 cheap: good for dentist; transient specialty.
1 AQ SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
i.V/0 rooms; «o suite, single ; clean, quiet; f 5 up,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
BOOMS TO _XT-Continued.
. tevengon Street. .
•"\1 A STSVE S O N-2 LARGE SUNNY
itXt rooms in the rear, with yard and cellar. '
Utter street.
7fkq SUTTER, COX. TAYLOR (THE SAN
I WO Reml)— Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOP-SUNNY PARLORS, BINGLF.
X\JU and double rooms; $1 50 and f>2 a week.
4 "1 A TAYLOR— B BEDROOMS; K NT $77*8
XXXJ and $10; modern Hat: light housekeeping
allowed. .»
•1 urk Street.
99 1 TURK-LARGE UNFURNISHED
_.._<-* double parlor; gag; $20; also furnished
rooms.
Valencia Street.
997 VALENCIA ST.— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
—— < nished rooms with i-losets; its. ■ ■
15OAKDINO AND 1400315.
r^oL^TßiA^TnrrE-— ix buckley! FOlf-
\J merly well-known proprietor of the Cosmo-
politan Hotel, has purchased Hackmeier's Hotel,
and assures his old patrons and the traveling pub-
lic that his former reputation as a host will be out-
done in his new enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free
buses meet ail trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy
St.; meals 25c.
VKAT srNNY ROOMS FOB GENTLEMEN;
-A breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Mc-
Allister st.
r I 9 POST - FURNISHED ROOM; USE OF
X 1 _ parlor and piano; good board; $•;<) up.
7-1 A GEARY— I RONT ALCOVE SUITE AND
-L v/ other desirable rooms; references.
rp he STEWART, cor. X I.LIS and leaven-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suite* orsingle.
I^LEGANT rooms; QUIET, REFINED
J neighborhood; central; board optional. Apply
CalL
707 ELLIS— WELL FURNISIIKD FRO XT
* O t bay-window room, with or without board.
THE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
JL and Hyde— sunny corner suites, first Moor;
ail modern improvement s; reference required.
OTKL BEKTLING, 714 IiUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references give- and require-: allmoU-
em conveniences.
~A vVE_K S NEWS FOR • 5 CENTS— THK
■ A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CUILUUK.X _OAII_KJJ.
CHILH II1A1( AN WALik^TIj^OAIIDTrTA
\J private family; mother's care; *8. 44V«
Bitch st.
Gl t I.MAN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
good home, 435V2 Haye«st.
\\r ANTED— SMALL CHILDREN TO BOARD;
»' good home and mother's care. Apply 1913
Magnolia St., Oakland.
LADY WITH GIRL I*s WISHES 1 OR 2
children to board. 134 Collins st.
9 CHILDREN, NOT UNDEK 5 YEARS, TO
— board. Ititis Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
SUMMER KKSOKTS.
pIVERSIDE RANCH - ON BANKS OF
_t Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley. Men-
docino County; round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
i.M.I.K-l'Ii;, Potter Valley. Mendoclno County.
STOKE.S TO LET.
z T^AnGKlSon>iEn^To^iE^wvriC^r^vv7SiG'-
— — rooms and basement; also flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 41 7 Vis Third st.
"^TOKE AND ROOMS. 2257 MISSION ST.
TORE TO LET IN TI IK TOWN OF HAY-
O wards; best location; suitable for any kind of
business For information write to J. K. NISSEN.
TORE; 915; 1007^ LA KKIN. COR. POST;
new: living rooms. KELLY, 102 Eddy.
Q TORE SUITABLE FOR SHOESHOP OR
O cheap gents furnishing store; cheap rent. 744
Fourth st.
OF_IU_S to let.
Q9QI AND 707 SUTTEK— CHOICE FOR OF-
O— tiJ'Z flees and residence combined; reasonable.
1 4 ▲ GEARY', NKAIi KEAUNY— ELEGANT
I -: first-floor bay-window furnished otHce.
OPRECKKI— BUILDING, <>'..! 7 MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny otlices, ¥12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply «t building
orG. H. I'MHSKN A en.. 14 Montgomery st.
_______________
HOTKL TO LJiT.
TO LET— THE W. TELL HOUSE, 317-319
Bush st~; this well-knowu hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares with
hen 2d-c!ass hotel In town. MADISON & i;i"KK
HOTEL TO LKASE.
He! 1.1. 'I! LEASE 1 vi; a TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building con- |
taining 83 rooms; also v round floor and. well-
lighted basement; centrally located, Vi block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
Siinsome st.. room 89.
HOTEL WANTED.
WANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, A GOOD
*» country hotel; send particulars, etc. A. ZEL-
LF.R, 1607 Brush St.. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTIIUM—NTSS.
VERY CHoT__r~uTwGHT! BJ_AUTl¥u_
> case, excellent tone, sacrificed for $130; owner 1
obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market st. |
A N ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWA V ; j
■fV. Immediate, forced sale. Room 10, Flood bldg. ]
A I AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; NEW;
l'l sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento st.
T7IISHS& UPRIGHT, *1- 5 ; MARSHALL A
X? Wendell. $125: bargains a 150 and ?175.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MTJBIC CO., 769 Market.
<8t A HALLET A DAVIS PIANO FOR SALE;
tJ^^tO. $5 installments. 221 Leaven worth st.
1" pianos half price,
administrator's sale
to close ESTATE of chas S. EATON.
MUST SF.Li..
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
S OUR NEW KENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling Rome pianos for $8 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives.
ABTEINWAY *175; HTECK *150: STEKL-
Ing $100; Ladd $60. K.\ N's, 228 Post.
lAN B— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 Market St.
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW
at a sacrillce. THE F. W. -PE.SCER CO
933 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HA INK BROS.'. BUSH
«fc Gerts-and Krmli" pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT «v CO.. 324 Post st.
C" CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
) small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
aiitobarps, ?1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st., Sprerkels bnlldlne.
3:1 9'^ FINE OJUCKEKING: SCHMITZ, 16
<T XjLk). McAllister st., next to Hibernla Bank.
CIHIUKKKIXU, KNABK, M KCK. VOSK, BTEIt-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano lor f 187: piano*
:or renL BENJ. CUKTAZ &. SON. IB O'Farrell.
BYRON IIAUZY, 308 POST hT.— SOHMEit,
Newby & Kvant, Hrlgpi and other pianos.
UP E R I O R VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
0 H. Ml Li. Kit. maker, repairer, 2 Latharo place.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
Jl WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
________ __ _
IJfcNTIftTS.
IpiRKT-CLASH DKNTIS'rTtryT^TR^T^CLA^
prices: first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Suiter St., corner Powell.
■ «K. DUCKETT, 1703 Itii ST., NEAR _U-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. i RANZ— EXTRACTION' PAINLESS
crown work, bridge work and teeth without |
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
pKOOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR*" I
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Irn; $5; iilliucs frm SI; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
C_7 A NET YOU, TEETH; WARRANTED AS
V • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMM-,
cientlsi. 930 Market it., next Baldwin Theater.
1 \K. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
"I/UL'l »e.i UK J KK'l H. $7; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CA VaLHKY, 24 Hixth St.
SET OF TEETH WITH 1 A PLATE. Dtt. XL
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si.
I \R. GEORGJS W. LEEK. TH_ GENUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nainless extraction
end patentee of improved bridge' work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 0 to 20 U'Farrell st.
p AINLESSJ EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specially; plates, $5 up: 13 vearv
experience. R. L. WALsll. D.D.S.. 815»4 Geary.
i OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 ___,•
\-J ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
kTJ. T. LEEK, 1 MARKET, COX. GOLDEN
Gate — Open evening*; Sundays till noon.
A L- WORK REASONABLE AND WA_
A ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market „
I'HYSICIANS.
'n^iov^D^HTcTcro r v6s^sE ll "to"~120_
XX Market st. ; diseases or woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market at.; his 30 years'
successful practice la a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cusea treated aatlsfacturllr by ujiui,
. PKKSONAT,S.
tnforSTation wanted concerning
1 BENJAMIN L. KOADCAP. formerly of Abl-
lene, Kani.. «nd li<telv of Pueblo and Salt Lake
City, aua now supposed to be in ."an Francisco or
vicinity. Address HAVEN & HAVEN, room 13,
seventh floor. Mills bu Id ing, >-.jt\
TRIED GETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— 2sc— is oiy strong
point, i!. LKDKKEK. 11l Stockton st.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number.
A LL FACIA L BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
-r\ hair, moles, ireciclea, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co. 226 Turk, nr. Leavernvorth.
OAIRDRESSING, 25c: MANICURE! 26c;
-—face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post St., r. 20
IM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE LAUN.
dry. 1913 Bush st.
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK, RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles; eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied ;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. o. box
2053, San Francisco. Ca!.
Mils. DX. PORTER. CHIItOPODIsT AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. 1%9 Kearny st., room 47.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kenny.
ADVICE FREE; DIVOKCE LAWS a SPE-
_- daily; private*, no charae unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 860 Markets:
AKISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL*
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
VOID EVILS SEE~DK. HARDCASTLE
on sex science, etc., G2B Montgomery, room 1
/ILOAKS, CAPIiS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufn' cost. Factory. '20 Sansoine, upstairs.
A RtYnG '*S~ SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-I and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors. J. H. K. Partiugton, Gertrude
Partiugton, K. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 880 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
WATCH AND jewelry REPAIRING:
.»» low prices rlrst-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BKITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
GEO. W. Yu E LPS, ATTORN EY-AT -LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. ' . .-:-: a y-:-"--
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorine Company, 1117 Markeist.,bet7th and Blh.
IBKUAL ADVA NCK.s ON a o \ bo, JJjiW-
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 94S Market st.
1 I \i\l\ CARDS, ~*I 50: SHOW CARDS 15c:
U'Ull tel. Black 141. HILL 22 Gearys-, r. 39.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EAB Y~TKRMs YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. -13-215 Mason St.; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200, rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SHTROZ " N - X r.~LEA*I)ING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 13a
Geary, rerccved from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton: first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
IJIG OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
I-> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
01,1) (SOLD. SILVER, GENTS 1 AND LADIES'
clothlnz bought. COLMAN. 41 Hn. cor. JeiHla.
DKKSSMAKKKS.
RESSES~i_ UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505 Natoma St., above Sixth.
pOSTCMKS KKA-ONAIiLK: SPECIAL
\J rates to professional.*. Room 85, St. Ann's
build (i liUly st.
KDCCATIONAL.
"\TKS?lviETviL7_n?xTL^^
ill vocal music: piano; elocution for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specially ;
vocal classes Monday 8 p. _.: 91 per month.
H'iKl HANIv AND TV P « WRITING
school; terms f '.s per month. 605 Ellis st.
■\nGHT*OUOOL;IIEALD'SBUS.COLLKGE:24
— Post: commercial, shorthand, English; low rates
lANO LESSONS, 50( HOUR. M& WATTS.
X 218 Golden Gate aye.
"IJOOKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xj ant .teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
A TTEND SI lEHL'3 COLLEGE, I'2\< MAR KET
/—. ht. The very best individual instruction;
: 'JO trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., ji; books free.
OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITHMTC, GKAMK ,
day it ui.:bt: noclaises: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
ECHT'S 10 -LXI TK It SHORTHAND IS THE
latest ami Lest: 100 words per minute gnar-
ant'd: 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), 823. 927 Market.
f> UITAR MANDOLIN. 1 IANO AND VOCAL.
U" lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTH AUS. 89 Fifth.
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
X es Tues. and Fri. Misses 111 DDY, 6a Hyde st.
JOSE PH~GUEV _"N,~ V6TC_~I YE R. 82
O Ninth st.
SPANISH, KRK.vnUC.II>_MY. OA4STILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; ip 3 in. Maze tiW,,r.:'.7.
C I'aXlsH, FRENCH , (iKKMAN : MODERATE.
OAleisterschaft School I.ancurxui-x. 122 O'Farreil
Y~RE*~*7tHK LEADING SHOKTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per wee;- and month.
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINU—
Private tliearicab arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. P.. 5 anil 12. L0.0.F, block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTKICA-, CIVIL. MINING, ME-
O chaiiical engineer!!;;, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 64, VAN DXX NAILLEN, 723 Mk_
H BALD'S BCSINEBB COLLEGE, 24 POST ST."
Bookkeeping, busineis rractice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modaia
i»ng-iiages rapidly taueht. W rile tor catalogue.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ.IB i
-V- WEEKLY CALL. In wrntiper. for mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
* LL HAIL: FUOF-SisOK JC. 1-. 1 « ir.N l.
BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge is power. Remain not in darkness,
but seek the light of wisdom and learn what the
future holds for you. All are pleased with his
readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad-
miration of all. He gives advice on all matters of
interest to humanity. If you are In trouble or are
unsuccessful consult him at once. Read his Sun-
day's advertisement. Hours 10 a. St. to Bf._
Letters with stamp answered.
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
' ; 1728 Market st.
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE
that makes ttie unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy aud successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me- |
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court- |
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L CARNELLE, 220 Eddy »t.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
G^ PS V LIFE-READER; LADIKS 280;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh. '
T ONELLA. SPIRITUALANDTESI'MEDIUM, :
XJ recently of New York, tells you how to be pros- |
perous In business: locates mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
rof. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET, Nit, SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on business), specula-
tion, love, marriage, divorce: tells of friends and
enemies; letters with stamps ans. 9 to 8: also sun.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DA UGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 50<:and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES i
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented I
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 303 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator. _•
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, cord-reader, born with a double veil and j
second sight; ladies ?>oc, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk »i., Dr. Jones.
MX. SYiSILLK Ti'.LLS FKOAI CKADLE TO
the grave: fee - j5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ME. LEGKITE: PRESENT. __,_T. AND
■ future: 26c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MX. KAVJSNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
busine3sadvice;namesgiven;2sc up. 5 Fourth.
ME. MOP.EAU, bust MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard St. !
llKr_KNi/r, BIS.ST FORTU 5 'I*TTI I"*K kTTT
the world; 50c nnd fl, shows you the pictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Marke 1 .
L>ETUKNKI>, WORLD-KKNOWNED MMB.
It SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
pr«-«em and future: prices moderate. H5B Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, ~-™-~ ■ ~
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to all her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desires to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, troubled and aflllcted: your
life described from era-lie to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans. : sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
EMOVAL— ADDIE SWA IN. ASTRAL SEEK
XV and psychic physician, 14 McAllister st., near
Jones, rooms 18 and 20; no fee except as a gift.
IRENE SMITH, MEDIUM; CIRCLES MON.,
X Wed., Frl., BF. M-: sittings daily. 118 Sixth.
VI RS. KATE 1 1 1 )S X I s, TRANCE AND BUSI-
iH ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136OaksU
\f ME. DX. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
i>l vrs. Kearnv. now tl'Jf Pout; fee $1; letter $2.
ASTROLOGY.
ETn7?AT"ABTROLO^-^PRO^riio\V\A^
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect neal.h. 311 Hyde St.. 10 to 3.
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
platJVls ; dully or by mail. $ ■£. Wy s Geary «v
CITY KKAL KSTATK.
4j;>nnn COTTAGE 6 ROOM* " A D BATH
VD^tXXnt, on lot 60xU->2, near station; terms
easy; $400; lot 40.\120: 925 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
} EXCHANGE; SAN RAFxKL RESIDENCE:
- 8 rooms, etc ; large lot accepted street; value
$4000; for city residence. J.K.KOUHK.San Rafael.
<n»XnA~CASH; JUST FINISHED: MODERN
j «Jp«JUU bay-window hous ■: 7 rooms: porcelain
| bath; 2. wooden mantels: w. 11s frescoed ; every-
thing complete; cheap; on easy terms; electric-
cars • ass the door. 2309 Bryant aye., nr. 2's' st
I POSITIVE *NA IV -■ '
.iV 8-room residence In the Western Addition; 15
minutes from Kearuy st : can be modernised at
a small cost; see this and make an offer. Further
particulars of owner, box 162, Call Oftice.
<3»1 A kAA A-- 'BARGAIN: RK.NTS $1110
<tS!X\J.O\J\J. per annum: 35x137:6; Sacra-
mento st., near Hyde; no agent. AUdres> H. ii,,
box 17, Call.
QU-STANTIAL, MODERN HOI BUILT
O at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McC-ONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
CIHEAP^ONK --STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, i ' block G. Gate Park.
Cflfl 21 ST AND DOUGLASS: LOT '_5x
<jP i V\t. 1-6. fall a ■;.'. Mission. W'AT-ON.
COUNTRY KKAL __TAT_.
\\T ANTED—TO LEASE, SMALL rTnCiTfOR
»» chloken-raising In the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statins rent and full particu-
lars. L. D., Box 23, < all Otlice.
AN MATEO : 1-OR SALE; SPLENDID CuUN-
-0 try residence and 3 acres of land ; house has all
! modern improvements; grounds nicely Improved
with ornamental trees, flowers, etc.; also outhouses
I in all kinds; this is one of the most desirable places
I of San Mateo and can be secured at a bargain.
j Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell sts.
(TOOD GRAIN' OR FRUIT RANCH OF 100
J acres in Tulare County for sale or exchange.
Apply 917 La Kin st.
Q AN MATEO CITY LARGE LOT, 100x180, ON
0 Griffith aye.: cheap for cash. Addre.33 H. P.,
607 Capp St., city.
T/'RUIf ORCHARD — 10- ACRE TRACTS,
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by the year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
A LAM EDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
i"v choicest in the state: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to s«ll: 1V» hours from
San Francisco: eaay terms; title perfect. 67
Chronicle building
AKIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 'J6 MILKS
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $10 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit, .syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
~L"<OK HOMES IN LOS GATOB OR ORCHARDS
.F in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. H. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble it Co.
LIOR SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
X lor cash, 10 acres of Tragedy prunes on the
trees; crop aoout ten tons. Apply KOIiEKT
JACKS. 214 Brannan st.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSB TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. Twl_i(i, bouoi_<t
City. Inquire 682 Market St.. S. F.
SEND FUR UUH LlSl' Of UKCHAKD HO.MKS
♦or pal». Win >■*!'! .*■ Wll I I'T"N. -■>" Ji*i».
PKOPKKXi TO KXCHANUK.
IMNE HOME, (iKNTKALLY LOCATED, IN
' exchange for lodginc-house north of Market;
from $4000 to $6000. K. box 169, this office.
E.IU\ BAKGAI.VS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\.r\J 20 houses and lo's from $ 1250 .£10.00)
Residence property, clear. 12,000
60 ranches, all sizes, Jrom $100 to SO.OOO
100 business places, all kinds, from 850 to. 4,000
H. C. DECK Kit. 10-0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
C? (Ann house, Richmond TRACT, for
(jpivW merchandise. DECKER, 1030 Mar-
ket st. - . .
1 I ACRES NEAR SANTA ROSA FOR CITY !
■1/1 property. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 9£o ACRES*"" TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.; ;
_._.OU water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l '
PROPERTY" WANTED.
\\T ANTED — GOOD-PAY ING INVESTMENT
" business property, ween Market, Jones and
Geary sts,, S. P.; mus pay 6 per cent net : outlay
»40,000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cosh, 533
llohari St. Oakland.
Air ANTED— LOT: 25-FOOT FKONT: WITHIN
» » 1 mile of City Hall; state terms. L., box 137,
Ca'l Oftlce.
MONK* TO LOAN.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Offica,
llOUMarket »:..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 'i'urx.
1 OANS ON i.i A!. KSTATK IST OK 2ND
J Jmortgases, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BKCKEK, :-tJB Montgomery.
AHY AMOUNT: IST, -" or 31) MOUTOAGKI;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in Dro-
bate. McCOLGAN. '21 Montgomery, room 3.
1 \IRECT ON Yuri; II KMI L' OK PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
JOS. B. ToPLI'TZ HAS $100,000 .TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 33U Pine st,
■J BT £ jioniuAi.i-.-". INTEKK.s'I'S IN as-
J. tales ;lowest rates:no delay .MURPHY, 62B Mrkt.
, "♦ DVANCES ON DIAMON Ds.Jffwjsl.KV, KTO
1\ Columbia Loan d; Collateral otlice. 9 Grant aye.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
— a. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. 948 Market St.: open evenings.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
est per month for each ,?1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, CalL
JS'A\VNi;uoKi.KS.
"a t 12« kearny si., "room 9— mc)n_y"
—>. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pn>
vale roonn: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap.
M-DIUAL,
MASSAGE AND BWEDISH MOVEMENTS.
1»X Patients treated at their home in accordance
with the principles of the Royal Gymnastic Cen-
tral Institute of Stockholm, Sweden; rheumatism,
neuralgia aud nervous weakness a specialty. C.
M. NELSON, Medical Gymnast and Masseur.
Address 123 Tenth St., san Francisco.
INSTITUTE OF I'NEUM.ATOPATUY FOR
J- healing and instruct ions: 2729 Jackson st.,
hours, 10 to 5: consultation free; call or write for
our "New Melhols"; the poor healed free.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES KK-'
-V. stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement; regular .graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. Jilt. YETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
DR. PENA CHECK-* IT IN 2t HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grunt aye.
NEW PROOJiSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
Ineni or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always 111 one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT KE-
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by
an improved method, superior to others: ladies
will save time and money: be assured of honest
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been Imposed upon
are specially invited: home in confinement; ad-
vice free. DX. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
si., next Hibernia Bank.
KS. GOODWIN, I)LSEA>ES OF WOMEN A
special. unexcelled In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement: best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market St. to 904 McAllister st.
LADIES, CONSULT FKKK MltS. DR. SCOTT.
210 well st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"PECARD'iS PILLS— DISEASES OK WOMEN A
.1. specialty: also "flue Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonouxh building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEOENER takes LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement; infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. I
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKAIALE Dls-
JL ease see MRS. DR. I'I'KTZ. 2641/3 Fourth st.
ICE PRIVATE IIoJIK IN CONFINEMENT;
XI all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate, Ollice, 235 Kearny s:., room 9.~
PRIVATE HOJ-K IN CONFIINEMENT. MRS.
X PR, FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in .confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB.*I)ii,GWYKR, 228 Turk St.
1 K. HALL, J4 -icALLISI'KK STREET, NEAK
X -/^Joni»3. Diseases of women and children.
AL 1 •X A I ' s FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
-—.ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; f- 60 wxpres: C. O. I). ; don't delay
until too late. OHUOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaS.
~ proposals.
"p^oposals'ltor^a 7x)ncrete bFlk^
X bead and bituminous yard work— sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board of
Education, new City Hall, san Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24, 189t>. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work 01 the \ North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School In accordance with plans ami
specification* (and thecon itions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles 1. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
sod Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject auy or all bids as the public may | re-
quire, UEQKGE BEAN BTON, Secretary. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAt.KSTAT-. , ~~ '.
AK_AND~ANI) "FRUIT VALE" PROPERTY
for sale or exchange; furnished houses to let.
E. HILL. 34 Donohoe building.
• 7 X 75 FEET, ON FRANKLIN ST., WITH
*J i improvements; business corner; must be sold
to close an estate; the chance of a lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. ■
ARGAIN, «1475; EASY TERMS; W BBT
Oakland, close to local: 6-room house, mod-
ern Improvements; lot 30x125. WILLIAM IV
T"PI>, 1002 nroadwftv. Oakland,
OAKLAND -NOUSES' TO LET.
nOTTAOK, 6 BOOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY,
V- attic: ljirpe lot; rent reduced from $.'5 to $15.
Se^ WILLIAM STONE. 1189 East Nineteenth
St., near Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
i^OR KKNT— -2 COTTAGE,->: MIWr.KA; ft AND
1 6 rooms: ?15 undif Hi; large lo:% near Berkeley.
J. H. EPSON. 90S I romiway. OHklnnd.
OAKLAND JLATS TO L.ET.
cT'nkTv r MOD EBN T-BOOM FLATS; WO
— O. dark or Inside rooms; stove iv Kitchen:
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station; apply at once. A. 11.
BREED A- CO., 460 Ninth si., Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
MA R I A--MII <. £mmaT h. adams^
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh su, near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
liOUKTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LEl'.'
-I 1 with board, '2 front rooms furnished; southern
ami eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KKAL ESTATE.
<9iftrWlft BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
iJuUVn/. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Ceutml aye.,
one Dlock west of Park St.; it will surely please
you: Investigate: terms 10 suit. G. iJ. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AKGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR -ROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $H5O cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
100-J Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA KOOMS TO LET.
I'^ir L R«i«SB0 > Bo6itfB surf ABvk^rm^Kuo-
erly couple or invalid. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
3 TO 6 NICE SUNNY ROOMS IN NEW COT-
tase; furnished for housekeeping: near both
trains: Alameda. <;.. box •->. Ca : Orlioe, Oaklnnd.
IiKKKKLKY REAL KSTATK.
O?EPH J. MASON, REAL~_^fATE~AN_<
0 Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
pOOD HOMES FOR KKNT OK FOR .SALE
VJ on easy tertns. O. G. MAY i CO., real estate
and hnlldlr.g. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
i.i.KKl.l.l.'t HOUSKS.
I"jH)R R^N^^CIIOICES-F"' LOCATfoS IN~
'Berkeley: lot IOO.x'JTO: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term, See
CAPTAIN MOKKIHUN. Berkeley.
ATTOKNKYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE DIVORCE LAWS A SPBCf-
ally; private: no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collection.), wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atl'y-al-law, 850 Markeu
KW KING, A I I 'HINKV-A \V. CHRDN-
• icle Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND SI ATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate, unices 508 California su
rp J. MURRAY, ATT 1 V AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. _ _ Hutu st.. rooms 14, 15.
\\r W. DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-Ar-LA W, 420
■' . California st., rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
STOKAUK.
APPLY FOrITaI I.s FOR WObInTTfORXI-
ture, etc. BHIREIt & BHLREK, 747 Market.
"I AKGEDRY BASEMENT WITH HYDBAU-
1J lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 8-3 Market.
7p ii. KOONEY. 72_"jilSSlbN— STORAGE AT
— .redi ted rates: basement Btorr.i?e,sl 50 per load
CHEAPEST IN THIS CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin:
171UKNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNK'S; AD-
-T vances, shipping. CHA,<. L. TAYLOH.UO4 Post.
T owes! RATES— I'UKNITUKE. PIANOS.
XJ bousehnld goods, etc. J. M. I^erce, 735 Market.
Ali. SMI Til FURNITURE CO., IS2 ELLIS;
. low rates: firo-proof building: Kasteru plar..
_____________
LJbUAL NOTICKts.
TK TBI Sul^llU)R'^oljßT ; r~ClTY^ AND
X^'ountyof San Francisco, State of California.
Department No. 8. Julia DE andany,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DE ANDANY, defend-
ant. Action brought in the Superior Court, City
and County of San Fraucisco. State of California,
and the complaint Bled in said City and County of
ban Francisco, iv the' otlice of the Clerk . of said
Superior Court.
The people of the State of California send greet- i
ing to ANTHONY DE ANDAISY, defendant. I
Yon are hereby required to appear Id an action I
brought agalOU you by the above named plaintiff, ;
in the Superior Court. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and to answer the I
complaint tiled therein within ten days (exclusive I
of the day of service) after the service on you of
this summons— if(,served within this County; or If
served elsewhere, within thirty days— judgment
by default will be taken against you, according to
the prayer of said complain!.
The said action is brought to obtain the decree
of the above entitled court di.-i solving the bonds Of ',
matrimony heretofore and now existing between :
plaintiff and defendant upon the ground that I
defendant has been and is guilty of willful deser- I
tion of plaintiff: and upon the further ground that i
defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more mlly and at
large appear In the complaint of plaintiff, on tile in
the above entitled action, to which said complaint
express reference, in that behalf, is hereby made,
and for costs of suit.
And you are hereby notified that if you fall to so
appear and answer said complaint as above re-
quired, B»id plaintiff will apply to the court for
Hie relief demanded in said complaint.
Given under my hand and seal of. the said
Superior Court, at the < ity and County of San
Fraucisco, State of California, this 'id day of
June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six . -
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSBPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
OEO. W. TOWLE JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
508 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
OTICE TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF ELIZA
R. HILL, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
the undersigned, administrator of the estate of
ELIZA R. 11 i LI., deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers within four months after the first publication of
this notice to the said administrator at the ollice of
M.S. TAYLOR, City Hall, Alameda, County of
Al.-imeda, State of California, which said ottice the
undersigned selects as his place of business In all
matters connected with said estate of ELIZA R.
HILL, deceased. GEOHOE A. HILL,
Administrator of the estate of ELIZA R. HILL,
deceased.
Dated Alamftda. May '29. 1896.
________________
BHEKIFF SALKS.
H-!uF^s~T_Xin^'\vTLT^
O Plaintiff, vs. B. G. CHAN DOS. JENNIE
GOODRICH. SARAH E. HARDF.STY, LUCY
ROUNTREE, ALFRED McMAHON. E. W.
SCOTT. A. EVERETT CALL, PACIFIC LAND
ASSOCIATION, and JOHN LLOYD, Assignee of
LINFORTH, KELLOGG & CO., Defendants.
N0 .89,131— superior Court, Department Klcht.
Order of Sale and Decree of Foreclosure of Lien.
Under and by virtue of an Order of Sale and De-
cree of Foreclosure of Lien issued out of the Supe-
rior Court, Department No. Eight, of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, on
the lHth<lay of May, A. D. 1896, in the above en-
titled action, wherein WILLIAM HOLLIS, the
above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment and
Decree of Foreclosure of Hen against B. G. Chan-
dos, Jennie Goodrich, Sarah E. Hardesty, Lucy
Rountree, Alfred McMahon, E. W. Scott, A.
Everett Ball, Pan lie .Lund Association, and John
Lloyd, assignee of Linforlh. Kellogg & Co., defend-
ants, on the 14th day of March, A. D. l,v<i 1. which
said Judgment and Decree was on the 1« th day of
March, A. 1). 1894, recorded In Judgment Book 17
of said Court, at page 044, I am commanded to sell
all those certain lots, pieces or parcels of land, sit-
na'e. l-.-lii'i. and being in the City and County of
:-Bii Francisco, state of California, and bounded
and described as follows:
First— Commencing on the southeast corner of
Potrero avenue and El Dorado street, thence south
along the east line of Potrero avenne fifty feet,
thence east at right a ncles one hundred feet,
thence north at- rUht ancles lifly feet to the south
line of El Dorado street, thence west along the
south line of El Dorado street one hundred feet to
point of beginning.
Second— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue fifty feel south of the corner of Po-
irero avenue and El Dorado street, thence south
alon:< said east line of Potrero avenue forty feet,
thence east at right angles one hundred feet,
thence north at right angles forty feet, thence west
at right angles one hundred feet to the point of be-,
ginning.
Third— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue ninety feet south of _1 Dorado street,
thence south along the easterly line of Potrero
avenue fifty-one and six-twelfths feet, thence east
at right angles one hundred feet, thence north at
right angles fifty-one and six-twelfths feet, thence
west at right angles one hundred feet to the point
of beginning. .
Public Notice is hereby given that on TUES-
DAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day. in front of the New City
Hall. Larkin street wing, in the City and County of
San Francisco, I will, in obedience to said Order of
Sale and D crop of Foreclosure of lien, sell the
above described property, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to raise sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with interest and costs, etc. .
to the highest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, June Ist, 1896.
I). H. WHTTiEMORii. No. 318 Pine street,
Ban Fruoclswo, Attorney for I'Julutifi.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Oomeitic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 21— Stmr lfoyo, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 21— Br bark Fernbank,
for Delagoa Bay.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 21 — Schr Occidental,
for San Francisco: schr Una for San Jose de
Guatemala; scur Mabel Gray, for Redon«lo.
W PORT— Saved Juue2i-s;mr Lasuna, for
San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed June 21— StmrWhltes-
boro, for San Francisco.
TATOOsII— passed in June 21— Bktn Jane L
I Stanford, from Honolulu for Puget Sound; schr
W X Jewett. hence June 7 for Pueet Sound.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 21— »oUr Otll-
lie Fjord, hence June H.
-ailed- runs Hanson, for San Francisco
BIRTHS— — DEATHS.
horn;
AIKIXS— In this city, June 6 IS9S, to the wife Of
Thomas O. Aikins, a daughter.
i GRIMM-In this city, June 18. 1896, to the wife
j of George Grimm, a daughter.
j JOHNSON— In this city, June 5, 1896, 10 the
I wife of Frank Johnson-, a son.
j RODDY— In this city, June 15. 1896, to the wife
'■ of James J. Roddy, a daughter.
._ ________ _
MAKKIKI)'
BRYANT-HARDY— In this city. June 21, 1896,
at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. P. C. Yorke,
John ■ Bryant and Lillian B. Hardy, both of
San Francisco.
_____
OUCD.
Bowman, Martin Jensen, Anton
I'ononue. John Kelly, Ellen
Donald, John La Salle, ciiarl»s M.
Davis. Mary Ltwton, Mary Emma
Dallemand, t-'ii McGurk, Mary Ann
Fratlllalre. W.lliam J. Murphy, William
Gottlieb, William Newman. William
arris, Edward ' Reid, Ann
Hansen. Elizabeth Snroul, Edward
Jlaiilon, Mar*ar*)t Storer, Airs. Francis P.
I Ho.'manii, Louise Sedpley, Phem'.e A.
Henry. Johanna SchmitU Aagnslln
Hyde, Annie Viiiay, Rev. Henry
BOWMA.V-In this city, June 20, 1896, -Matin
Bowman, a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
j DONOHUE— In this city. June 20. 1836. John,
I beloved husband of the late Hannah lJo;K>hue,
I a native of Ireland, aged 05 years.
AS~Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend tne funer.il THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from in, 1 par-
lor* of McAvoy <fc Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
i thence to Mission Dolores Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONALD— In this city, at the Potrero. June 21,
1890, John, be'oved hu*ban-t of Maggie S. Don-
ald and lather of John. Katie. Annie. Alexander,
Bes-iie and Jessie Donald and son of John and
Manna Donald and brother of Alexander Don-
Bid, Mrs. Mary Scott and James. Archie, Wil-
liam «nd David Donald, a native of Paisley,
Scotland, aged 42 years. [ l'nisley (Scotland)
papers please cop' . 1
4jrFrien<!B and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral WEDNEs-
DaY, June 21, at 1:30 o'clock r. M., from his
late residence, 121 Arkansas street, Potrero.
Interment Cypress Lawn Come.'cry by 3:30
o'clock P. K. train from Third and Townseu.l
streets.
DAVIS— In this city. June 21. 1.96, at the resi-
dence of her parents, 415 Clementina street,
Mary, dearly beloved dauaiiter of Vnl and Mnrj'
Davis, a native of San Francisco, ago.l 6 moulds
and 21 days.
DALLEMAND— In this city, June 19. 189«. Klise
Dallemanu, a native of Germany, aged 46 years.
FRATILLAIHE— In the City and Couuty Hos-
pital, June 21, 189«, William J. Fratllluire, aged
42 years.
GOTTLIEB-ln this city. June 20, 189 S. William,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Gottlieb, and
father of Joseph and Mabel Gottlieb, a native of
Denver, Colo., aged 2* yeurs.
HARRIS— In this city, June 21,1896. Edward,
beloved husband of the late Mar'/ A. Harris, and
father of Nettie Harris, and brother Of Mart
Harris, a native of l*:iterson. N. J., aged B5
I years 2 months and 11 days.
i HANSEN— In this city, June 20. 3 BP6, Elizabeth,
relict of the late John Hansen, mother of the late
John and Charles Hansen, and beloved aunt of
John McSheffery, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
IHTFriends and acquaintances are re^n?";!-
-| fully invited to a'temi the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 116 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church. Krannan street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated tor ih» re nose of hersoul.
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANLO.V— In Oakland, June 19, 1896, Margaret,
relict of the late John Ilanlon and beloved
mother of Mary, John arid Andrew llanlon,
a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
£3"Friend3 an! acquaintance! fire respect-
fully invited to attend the funer.il THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:8') o'clock a. _ from her late
residence. 772 Eleventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will he celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oanland.
I HOPM ANN— In Oakland. June 18. 1896. Louis*
Hofmann, a native of Canpstadt, Wurtemberg,
! Germany, a^ed 41 years 2 rr lonihs and 26 days.
I HENRY— In this city, .luue 18, 1896, Johanna
Henry, a native of Ireland, ii»ed S5 years. •
HYDE— In the City and County Hospital, June
21, 1890, ADnie Hyde, aged 40 years.
JENSEN— In Oakland. June 19, 1896. Anton,
I dearly beloved husband of Annie ''■ Jensen, and
j loving fa; her of Chris J. and Annie C. Jensen, a
native of Denmark, aged 54 years 9 months and
23 days.
&g~ Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to aiten 1 the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at '2 o'clock p. M.. Jrom his late resi-
! dene, \\o Eddy street. North Oakland. Inter-
I ment Mountain View Cemetery.
! KELLY— In this city, June 21. 1896, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Lawrence Kelly, mother of Mrs.
Ernest Wadman and lawrencp, Agnes. John
and George Kelly, a native of Kinsule, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 55 year*.
J9S"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 1487% Valencia street, thence to tit.
James Church. Twenty-third and Guerrero
i streets, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. VE^HP
LA SALLE-ln this city. June 20, 1596. Charles
M. La salle, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 58
years 1 month and 16 days.
LAWTON— In this city, June 20. 1896, Mar*
Emma Lawtob. a native of Little Camping
R. 1., ii ted 45 years.
43"* Friend:< and acquaintances nre resnect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Monday), at 3 o'clock p. m.. from th» par-
lors of 11. C. Porter & Co.. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McGURK— In this city, June 21, 1836. Mary Ann,
dearly beloved and eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mri. McGurk, sister of John. Charles, Maggie
and James McGurk and Mrs. Barrjnger and
Mrs. Dumontier and the late William and Henry
McOnrlC, a native of San Andreas. Calavera-i
County, Cal., aged 38 years (5 months and 15
days.
lE_~Frlends and acquaintance* are r»*r>e'v:-
fully Invited to attend ton funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:i>0 o'clock A. .m.. from the resi-
deuce of her sister, Mrs. Barrincer, 1926 Larki n
! street, tbetice to ft. Bridget's Church, Van Nes*
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will b e
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In tnis city. June 19, 1898. William
Murphy, a native of Maryland, aired 27 year-.
NEWMAN— In this city. June 21, 1896, William
Newman, a native of Yorkshire, England, aged
65 years 10 months and 11 days.
X_~Frieuds an- acquaintances are rosn n ?t-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of Mrs. L. iJredhoff, 821 Page street,
between Pierce and Scott, interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, j
REID— In Temescal. June 19, 1896, Ann. widow
of the late Charles W. Reid, a native of Scotland,
aged 73 years 10 months and 16 days. ..-,: . .
Friends and acquaintances »ri> re-w»c--
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday) at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the Presbyterian Church, corner of Columbus
avenue and Cherry street, T«mescal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SPROUL— In this city, June 19. 1806, Edward
Sproul, a native of Tyrone, Ireland, aged 65
years.
„_" Friends ana acquaintance* are r»soeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:80 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & Enzllsh. 19 Van HeM avenue,
thence tost. Mary's Cathedral, Van-Ness avenue,
where a solemn requiem ma« will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BTOREK— In Vallejo, Cal., June 17, 189 i, Mrs.
Francis P. Storer, a native of Cam den, Me., aged
85 years and 0 months.
SEDGLEY— In Km t vale. June 21, 1898, Phemle
A., daughter of Mrs. E. S. and the late John R.
. Sedgley and sister of Rillle. Alfred M.. Harry T.
j and Baxter L. Sedgle/ and Mrs. Lecca Sedgley-
Reynolds, aged 22 years and 6 months.
HCIIMITT— In this city, June 21. 1896, AiißHstln
£clnnitt, a native of Alsace, France, aged 60
years 6 months and 8 days. . -• ■
VINAY-In this city, June 20, 1896. Rev. Henry
Vinay, be'oved husband of Maria Vina*' and
pastor of Protestant Italian Mission, a native vi
Colotso. Turin, Italy, aged 40 years. .
£»- Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Washington-
square Hall, 60 Union street, near Stockton.
Remains at the undertaking parlors of Valente,
Maruii & Co., 1521 Stockton street. .
(VicAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
INCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST *
- Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Mateo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; noa-sectarian. In no sknsh _cc_csivk:
l'l-i'.i TiY-B 6t.ißA.sii.itii; location unex-
celled. •
Please call at office, 997 Market at,, before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
<r
1314
DASHED TO DEATH
IN A PADDLE-BOX,
An Unknown Man Leaps
From the Ferry-Boat
Piedmont.
WAS INSTANTLY KILLED
His Mangled Body Found When
the Steamer Reached Its
Landing.
HE WAS OLD AND EMACIATED.
Nothing Was Found on the Remans
by Which They Could Bi
Identified.
An unknown man, bent under the
weight of his years, his silvery hair soiled
by the flying dust encountered, it is -im
posed, in a long walk from the interior of
the State, jumped from the lower deck of
the steamer Piedmont when opposite Goat
d at 7:45 o'clock last evening.
He floated quickly toward the stern of
the boat, and the crowd of passen
who had witnessed ti e old man's rash
leap, rushed to the boat's rail in hopes of j
m . ing the suicide rise to the surface of ;
the water. In this tney were disappointed,
and C. plain Smith quickly brought his
steamer to a standstill and ordered a boat
lowered. Alter the usual delay on the
part of the inexperienced deckhands this
feat was accomplished, and the boat went
in search of the mi-sing passenger.
A bundle of clothes which was in the
unknown's hands when he ru:ide the leap
was found floating in the -toamer's wake,
but not a sign of the old man could be ;
found. The boat was rowed round and i
round the big Piedmont in hopes that the ;
crew would catch a glimpse of the gray
haired man before he sank for the last
time, but without result.
Finally the search was given up, and after
hoisting the rowboat on board tbe steamer
continued on her journey to this City.
Every one on board was feeling depressed
in spirits and looked in sorrow at the
bundle of worn anil ragged (.-lc/the*. They
remembered the pitiful expression on the
emaciated face of trie man as he rushed to
the rail and leaped to his death.
When the Piedmont linally reachpd her
slip and made fa<t the passengers hurried
away on ti.eir various missions. Engineer
James 'Wasser, visaing to see that the
steamers paddles were uninjured by the
trip across the bay, entered the paddle
box on the side from whicti the old man
had disappeared over the rail.
Being dark in the house lie lit a candle,
and there, lying on the landing, wedged
in between tlie drain slats, was the body
of the suicide. His front teeth nad been
knocked out from coming in contact with
the wheel and his neck was broken.
The engineer hurried from the paddle
house and informed a policeman of his
discovery. Deputy Coroner O'Brien
was then notified and assisted by Mes
senger Smith removed the r.'maias to the
Morgue.
How the bod\' of the unknown man was
carried into tne wheel douse is a mystery.
Many are of the opinion that as he struck
the water he sighted the steamer's paddie
bearing down upon him, and, realizing
the frightful death, tnat of being crushed
to pieces, which would follow if he were
struck by the wheel, grasped it and was
earned at lightning speed up into the
wheelhouse, only to lose his hold and be
dashed on tlie landing above. It is also
possible that his limbs might have become
entangled in the wheel as he drifted under
it, and in this way his life was dashed out
in a instant.
When the body was searched at the
Morgue only 20 cents was found and noth
ing Dy which the man could be identified.
This being the case, it i* more than prob
able that he will ne%*er be identified and
that his body will be interred among the
City's unknown dead.
AFRICAN CHIEF JUSTICE.
Victor K«chke of the German Colony
on a Vioit Here.
The Chief Justice o: the German East
African Colony arrived on the Rio Satur
day night on his way to Germany, where
lie purposes to make a short visit before
his leave of absence from the colony shall
have expired. His name is Victor Eschke
and he was appointed to the high judicial
position a little over three years ago by
the Emperor.
The territory for which he interprets the
law is on the t.aat coast of ihe Dark Conti
NEW TO-DAY.
75 years of well
earned fame stands
to the credit of this
worthy name,
The most efficacious
means of curing
Cramps, Colic, Chol-
era Morbus, Di-
arrhoea, Dysentery
and other ills of the
stomach. Acts like
a touch of magic.
As harmless as milk.
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
nent, opposite the island of Zanzibar,
and extends from latitude 4 deg. south to
11 deg. south and inland to the great lakes
of Africa. On the north is a British colony
and on the south the Portuguese colony of
Mozambique.
Speaking of the country last night at the
Occidental Justice Eschke said that since
the Burghers were defeated last year things
have been comparatively quiet. Ivory,
coutchoue and copra are the principal ex
ports, although coffee promises to be a
great industry. Four or five new coffee
planiing companies were organized last
year in Germany. The Arabians coffee
does particularly well there, though the
coffee disease of Java ha? already made its
appearance, but not to a threatening ex
tent.
"I have spent nearly all my leave of ab
sence in traveling about visiting the dif
ferent German colonies," remarked the
Chief Justice, "and I have seen coffee
plantations in many parts of the world, but
1 have never seen better coffee land than
that of the colony I live in. It is a great
country for coffee. Inland five days'
travel there are fine thriving coffee plan
tations and tremendous virgin forests and
great rivers.
"The Bantu population of the colony, a
collection of negro trices speaking much
tbe same language, is about 4,000,000, and
besides these there is the great Massai
tribe, a nomadic race of entirely carnivor
ous people, greatly depleted five years ago
because of a plague that caused the death
of thousands of wild and tame cattle.
"The capital is Dar-es-Salaam, which be
cause of its excellent harbor is rapidly in
creasing in population."
COLLECTED AND SKIPPED
A Driver for the Kurrka Delivery Com
pany Charged With lelony Em
!•"•// Irllielil .
Edward Abrahams, a youth of 19 sum
mers, who resides with his parents on
Grove street, between Polk and Larkin, is
in serious difficult} 1 . Abrahams for some
time has been employed as a driver for the
Eureka Delivery Company, whose head
quarters is at 1146 Mission street.
A few days ago Abrahams started out
with a load of packages, one of which was
to be delivered "C. O. D." Abraham-' de
livered this packaue all right and duly
collected $5 charges, whereupon he sura
marily severed his connection with the
Eureka Delivery Company and went into
retirement.
G. H. Swain, the manager of the com
pany, started on a hunt for his employe
and his outfit after they had been gone an
unreasonable length of time. He found
the horse and wagon standing where
Abrahams had left it, but Abrahams he
was unable to find. He immediately swore
out a warrant for the recreant driver,
charging him with embezzlement, and
last evening Detectives Graham and Crock
ett succeeded in landing him in the City
Prison. Abrahams is supposed to have
perpetrated several similar thefts.
THE PRESIDENTIAL FIGHT
Effect of the Grand Republican
Rally on Saturday
Night.
Park Commissioner Rosenfeld Be
lieves McKinley Will Carry
New York.
• The grand Republican parade and meet
ing of Saturday ui>;ht in this City aroused
an enthusia-m in the community that is
not confined to party, for with McKinley
and Hobart and protection to American
industries the people see the dawn of a
bright future and great prosperity for the
country at large.
The display of Saturday night and the
logical addresses delivered in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion were the subjects of many
earnest conversations yesterday, and the
consensus of opinion was that with such
standard-bearers as the Republican Na
tional Convention has presented to the
people, together with the platform upon
which they stand, the party would surely
win.
Park Commissioner John Rosenfeld. a
Democrat, who returned from the East
last Friday, said yesterday^ "The nomi
nation of McKinley is a strong one, par
ticularly in the East. There the feeling
in his favor is well denned, notably so in
New York. The indications are that that
State will go for McKinley."
Mayor Sutro, who has returned from his
vacation, spent on nis ranch near Calis
toga, and is ready to attend to municipal
affairs again, speaking of the nomination
of McKinley, said : "Yes; his nomination
is undoubtedly a strong one, but there is
no telling what kind of a combination
may be worked against him in this cam
paign.
"For instance, there are the silver Re
publicans and the silver Democrats and
the Populists. If these should join forces
and nominate Teller of Colorado it would
prove a very important factor in tne
Presidential contest. As to the Demo
crats, 1 do not think they could take up
Teller and place him on their ticket, but
if such a combination as suggested is
made it would undoubtedly cut an im
uoitant figure in the campaign."
PEDDLARS AS BURGLARS
Numbers of Houses Being Knterod and
nobbed During the Day
time.
Reports of burglaries are coming in with
alarming frequency to police headquar
ters, and every effort is being made to cap
ture the miscreants. The burglaries are
not committed as a rule during the inky
<larknes.« that pervades the City after the
sun has gone down, but during the day
time, when a family has gone to the Cliff
or the park for a few hours' enjoyment.
It is known that the burglars are two
men who go around under the guise of
peddlers, and by ringing the front bell of
a house they ascertain whether the fam
ily is at home or not.
The best report received was from G. F.
Eberhardt, 832 Grove street. His family
are in the couniry, and about noon Satur
day two men forced an entrance into the
house by using a jimmy on the rear door.
Every room was ransacked, but strange
to say none of the Jewelry or other arti
cles were stolen, which has led to the be
lief that the burglars are afraid to dispose
of the jewelry they have taken from other
houses for fear of being caught and are after
the coin and nothing else, or may have been
scared away, as they were when ransack
ing the house of Lyoii Zacharias, 929 but
ter street, last Thursday.
When Mr. Enerhanlt went home on
Saturday nieht he foiled everything in dis
order. A de.^k had been broken open in
the search for money, but althou 'h the
contents had been disturbed nothing was
missing.
A jimmy was found in the dining-room
which the burglars had overlooked in
their hurry to escape. They also left a
jimmy behind them at the residence of
Mr. Zacharias, on Sutter street, and it
would appear as if they were plentifully
supplied vit!) that article.
The police desire to warn all house
holders to be on their guard against ped
dlers, and those who intend to leave the
City for a sojourn in the country should
notify the department of their intentibn,
so that the policeman on the beat can
keep his eve on the house.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896.
CAPTAIN WITTMAN
HAS RETURNED,
A Three Months' Tour In
specting Eastern Police
Departments.
BROOKLYN, N. V., LEADS.
San Francisco Is Far Behind in
Facilities for Housing
Policemen.
CIVIL SERVICE A GOOD THING.
Results of His Observation of the
Pay and Efficiency of the
Eastern Police.
Captain of Police George W. Wittman
returned yesterday morning from a three
months' Eastern trip, made for the pur
pose of inspecting the poiice departments
of Eastern cities. If there is any city of
prominence east of the Rocky Mountains
that Captain Wittman did not visit it has
not yet been marked on the map.
The careful opinion that Captain Witt
man brings back is that the Police Depart
ment cf San Francisco is as good in disci-
Captain George \V. Wittman, Who Re
turned Yesterday From a Visit
Through the Eastern States-
pline and working methods as that of any
Eastern city, but in station-houses, dormi
tories for the men, and such other equip
ment, !^an Francisco is not "in it" with
Chicago, New York, Boston, Brooklyn or
Philadelphia. "We have barns," he said,
"where those cities have station-houses
thoroughly up to date in every particular.
Thinu of a station-house costing $70,000!"
Who cures to raise the dust on tlie trail
that Captain Witt man made must go to
Now Orleans, St. Louis, Chicago, St. Paul,
Minneapolis, Cincinnati, Louisville, At
lanta. Washington (D. C.). Philadelphia,
Now York, Brooklyn, and the neighboring
cities in that cluster of population, and
finally to the great metropolis of the suc
oulent bean and the Boston'
Captain Wittman returns with the opin-
Rev. Father Caraher, Who Yesterday Assumed Charge of St. Francis Parish.
ion that civil service in police depart- i
merits is a good thing that oupht to be ■
fostered, and ttiat politics is not the best !
influence in the world to govern and repu- j
late police departments. This in a nut
shull is one of tlie most important con
clusions he has reached as a result of the
trip.
"Brooklyn has the best police depart- j
ment that 1 have seen in every re-pect.
Its equipment, discipline and facilities are I
superior to any other city.
'•In regard to facilities for housing men
San Francisco is not in it. We have
burns where they have line modern st.a- \
tion-houses with every facility. In disci- |
pline and efficiency I think we average up
favorably with the best and are superior
to many. I return with as much confi
dence in our department as I ever had.
"They have civil service in Brooklyn, j
Chicago and New York. It is newest in j
the Chicago polioe department. From my
observation I have concluded it is a good
thing for police departments. In Chicago j
there lias been too much politics in tlie
department, and in New York civil ser
vice does not appear to work so well.
There seems to be some influence behind,
and the department seems to be demor
alized as compared with what it should
be. They are fighting among themselves
from the Police Com missioners down. The
system of doing work in New York is not '
up to other cities. I was disappointed in
the New York City police department.
They are much" ahead of New York across
the river in Brooklyn.
'•St. Paul, Minneapolis, Chicago, St.
Louis, Cincinnati, Atlanta, Louisville,
Washington. D. C, and Boston have good
police departments, but in some of these
cities politics interferes with the efficiency
of the force. When I was in St. Paul
Chief Clark, after ten or twelve years of
service, was removed for political reasons.
"Cincinnati has the best method of
handlinethe social evil that I saw," the
captain said; "Superintendent Deitsch
has got it down nne. It is restricted to
certain limits.
"New Orleans, in my judgment, has the
poorest police department. They pay
their patrolman $50 a month, and they
work twelve hours. I found that where
the pay is small there was a poor police
force in all respects. As to pay, San Fran
cisco compares favorably with any city.
In the East wages for patrolmen range
from $(500 to $1400 per year. Brooklyn
pays $1400 after five years' service. In
New York captains of poiice get $2700,
Chicago $2200, Boston $2000, San Fran
cisco $1800. San Francisco patrolmen are
paid $100 a month. Some Eastern cities
furnish one uniform a year to the men."
Captain Wittman attended the third an
nual convention of the National Associa
tion of the Chiefs of Police of the United
States and Canada, which opened at
Atlanta May 12. New York was the only
city of size not represented. At that con
vention a long step was taken toward the
organization in Washington, D. C, or
some other city of a National bureau of
indentification of criminals. It is pro
posed to use the Bertiilion system of iden
tification, on which, by the way, Captain
Wittman says he is "thoroughly stuck."
Captain Wittman will make ample re
port to the Police Commissioner?. He has
begun work on it already. He will appear
at headquarters to-day.
A CHANGE OF PASTORS,
Reverend Father Conlan Retires
From the Parish of St. .
Francis.
He Goes to Redwood City and Father
Caraher cf Miss. on San Jose
Succeeds Him.
■Father John G. Conlan, who has been
[pastor of St. Francis parish, preached his
[farewell sermon to his congregation yes
terday morning.
After dwelling on the gospel of the day
according to St. Luke, where Christ took
rel'uge in St. Peter's fishing-boat at Ge
neseretu when pursued by the rabble, the
reverend father bid his congregation an
affectionate farewell. His leave - taking
deeply affected those among whom he la
bored for the past four years, except when
compelled by ill health to relinquish his
pastorate temporarily into the care of his
zealona assistants. He succeeded the late
Rev, John Harrington, having come to
this City from dan Pablo, where for four
years he officiated, and at the same time
was pastor of the churcti at Pinole.
The Key. Fattier Conlan was ordained a
priest in Italy eighteen years ago. Alter
his ordination he went to Ireland for
so me time, and then came to San Fran
c'^co. The first church in which he
otliciated upon his arrival here was St.
Francis, and it was with a great deal of
pleasure that he took rharce of the church
in which he first he!d service, but the
climate of this City was too severe for
him on account of an affection of the
lungs, and he made application for a
transfer to a warmer and more equable
climate. The opportunity presented itself
when Rev. Father Sullivan of the Red
wood City parish expressed a desire to
abandon ins charge.
A re :n bishop Riordan offered that parish
to Father Conlan who accepted it and en
tered upon his new duties to-day. He is
not stranpe to the place, for at one time,
shortly after his arrival in this City, he was
assistant pastor of the church he now has
ci:ar^e of.
The new pastor of St. Francis Church is
the Rev. Father T. Caraher who has been
transferred from the church at the Mis
sion San Jose, where he has labored- for
more than twenty years and where he was
very popular. He ts an eloquent speaker,
n gifted writer. A number of his contri
butions have appeared in the columns of
Tin; Call. He is also a good executive.
People's Party Club.
The first meeting of the People's Party Club
of the Thirty-fourth Assembly District will be
held to-niorrow evening in Mission Opera
Hall, and one of the speakers will be Laurence
Gronlund. author of "The Co-Operative Com
monwealth." The club has elected officers as
follows- John 1). Spencer, president; (i. F.
Benson, vice-president ; F. Deinart, treasurer;
Fred Miller, secretary ; F. Land, assistant sec
retary. Uurnctte G. l!a«kell, G. F. Benson,
Fred Miller, F. fieinart, J. D. Spencer, H. W.
Fletcher, G. L. Ityfkogie and H. Dinslape
were elected delegates to the People's Party
County Committee.
Foil Overboard.
Albert Sherwood, a cook on the British ship
Saint M uiigo, fell into the bay at Long Bridge
yesterday morr.ing and was drowned. His
body was recovered and taken to the Morgue.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH
OF KATIE KEENAN,
Appears to Have Succumbed
to Excessive Hemor
rhage.
SPECIAL POLICE ALERT.
Watching the Entrances to a
Street Where a Midwife
Lives.
THE BODY AT THE MORGUE.
Weeping Friends Witness the Remains
Being Borne to the Coroner's
Wagon.
Late last night Dr. Henry B. A. Kugeler
reported to the Coroner's office that there
was a case at 26 Carolina street requiring
the attention of the Morgue officials. The
Coroner's deputies foliowed up the case
promptly, and at 10::^0 they had removed
from the Carolina-street house the body of
a young woman, who, from all indications,
had died from internal hemorrhage.
When the dead-wagon arrived at the
number there was the usual gathering of
curiotis and sympathetic neighbors,
the dim light making the anxious faces
appear white and ghostly.
About 9:45 o'clock last night Miss Katie
Keenan died at 2'! Carolina street under
circumstances that, to the officials, indi
cated demise from extraneous influence if
not operation.
Two or three bottles were found in the
room, but their contents have not yet
been definitely enough analyzed to indi
cate the presence of any drug used to stop
hemorrhage. The Coroner has them, and
an inquest will be held.
Mrs. McCarthy is the landlady at 2G
Carolina street. She said last night that
Miss Keenan. who was a friend of hers,
came to her house two days before and
complained of feeling sick. She took to
bed and never left it till put into the
Morgue wagon last night.
The circumstances and surface indica
tions support the theory that Miss Keenan
died of hemorrhage. Dr. Kugeler was
called in at a late hour last night, but too
late to .«ave the life of the young woman.
During the last few days a Mrs. Balck
weli, an accoucheuse who resides at No.
60 Morris avenue, has been calied to attend
Miss Keenan. Her story is that she
treated her for stomach trouble.
The police have taken hold of the case
with special officers. Last night they
guarded the entrances of Morris avenue
pending an investigation of the case. If
the investigation warrants Mrs. Balkwell
will be arrested to-day. If it does not the
poiice will be withdrawn.
Her husband was reported to have been
arrested at her instigation day before yes
terday for drunkenness, but a search of
the records of the Southern police station,
on Folsom street, last night failed tore
veal an arrest under that name.
Miss Keenan was 26 years old. She was
tall and had a good figure, but her face
was not particularly attractive. She was
employed in a box factory down toward
the city front.
There is a young man who, it is said,
has been paying her particular attention
during recent months. He keeps a barber
shop on Sixth street.
The remains of Miss Keenan are now at
the Morgue and the Coroner will hold an
inquest.
ST. ALOYSIUS DAY.
Solemn Commemoration of the Feast
in the Church of St.
Ignatius.
The feast of St. Aloysius Gonzaga was
celebrated yesterday at St. Ignatius
Church by the fathers of the Society of
Jesus. When solemn high mass was cele
orated at 10:30 a. m. the church was
crowded to the doors.
The grand altar was a dazzling spec
tacle. Fauconier'a mass in G was sung by
a male choir of fifty voices, with the
"Benedictus" from "Batiste," and for an
offertory piece Cartoni's "Quis Ascendet,"
which was specially composed for St.
Aloysius day.
Rev. Father Calzia, S. J., preached the
panegyric or the saint and Father Coltelli,
S. J.. om'ciateu. The music was directed
by Maurice W. O'Connell.
The church was brilliantly illuminated
in the evening, when solemn devotions
were held in honor of St. Aloysius.
Rossi's vespers were sung by the male
choir, also Cartoni's "Quis Ascendet" and
Mercadante's "Tantum iCrgo." The solo
singers in the choir were: I). M. Jones, J.
G. Morrissey, C. Berger and C. V. Wood.
Rev. Father McKenna. S. J., of Santa
Clara delivered an appropriate sermon.
THE ANCIENT ORDER.
Fourth of July Celebration at I-'. I Campo
by the Hibernians.
It is expected that the Fourth of July
celebration by the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians at El Campo will be successful.
It is certain there will be a very large at
tendance.
The committees are all hard at work,
and a fine programme will be offered.
This programme will not alone attract
thousands of Irish people, but citizens
generally, for it wiil appeal to patriotic
citizens.
The literary exercises will be of a quaint
character, and will consist of an oration by
James H. Barry of the Star, reading of the
Declaration of Independence by P. J. Mc-
Cormack, and other numbers by talented
young men. The musical exercises will
also be excellent. Miss Katherine Blank
will sing the "Star Spangled Banner," and
other ladies and gentlemen will take part.
It is recognized that, beyond this part of
the programme, the other features should
be such as to give pleasure and excitement
to the participants. However, every care
is bein* taken to present as tine a pro
gramme as was evr given to the people of
the community. The Gaelic sports and
modern games will be very complete, and
the prizes offered will be valuable.
The grounds will present the aspect of
an Irish fair.
Y. M. C. A. Monterey Excursion.
On Friday, July 3, the Young Men's Chris
tian Association are to run a special train to
Hotel del Monte, Monterey and Pacific Grove,
leaving Third ana Townsoud-streets station
at 7 o'clock and the Valencia-street sta
tion at 7:10 A. M. Round-trip tickets will be
sold only at the association building. Mason
and Ellis streets, for $3 15. half the regular
fare, good for seven days. The number of ex
cursionists for this special train will be lim
ited to 500.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
PRINTED
DRESS FABRICS!
Our customers are respectfully informed
that we have just received and placed on
sale another large shipment of PRINTED
LACE DIMITIES and PRINTED ORGAN-
DIES, all in the very latest designs and col-
orings,
Price f Mr
162 per Yard.
THESE PRINTED FABRICS will be on
exhibition in our show windows, and as this
is our last importation of choice NOVELTY
WASH FABRICS this season, our customers
are urged to take early advantage of this
offering.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
ill, US, 115, 117, lit*, 121 POST STREET. *
IT WAS PETER C. KELLY,
Identification of the Prospector
Murdered in Tuolumne
County.
Samuel Guilford of This City Recog
nized the Man by the Picture
in " The Call."
The authorities of Tuolume Connty are
still trying to identify the remains of the
unknown man they found buried in
Roasco Range — the "Jawbone" country —
on the 11th of this month.
The details of the rind would indicate
that a murder had been committed, and
only by accident was the affair brought to
light.
A number of stockmen left the environs
of rionora to gather in their cattle, thieves
being very plentiful in that part of the
country. While conducting the "'rodeo, '
or "round-up," they came across a camp
recently inhabited. There was every indi
cation that cattle thieves had been there
within a week, and the stoctmen searched
the grounds for remains of their calves
they believed to have been slaughtered.
They founa a freshly made grave, and
dug into it, expecting to find nothing
more than a heifer, when they came
across a human hand. The sight was too
much for the stockmen, who started away,
and brought Deputy Sheriff Pierce back
with them from Sonora.
The exposed hand led to the disinter
ment of a decomposed body having gun
shot wounds about the trunk and head.
The corpse could not be identified owing
to its condition, but it was ascertained
circumstantially that the murdered man
must have been a prospector seen in the
neighborhood of Sonora for a month prior
to his death.
At some distance from the place of
burial Deputy Sheriff Pierce found frag
ments of a photograph which, put to
gether, made the likeness produced in
Saturday's issue of The Call.
This reproduction wa - recognized yes
terday by Samuel Guilford of 555 Mission
street, who is an employe of W. P. Van
Bergen & Co., wholesale leather merchants
at 29 Jessie street.
"I knew the man whose picture wrs
published," he said. "Hia name was P.' C.
Kelly and he was a miner. I first met
him about four years au<> when I worked
with Kuliman & Sa!z at lot; Battery street.
"We met daily at lunch time at the
Sunnyside saloon, on California street,
near Battery. He used to go there to meet
his friend, Biily McElroy, a barkeeper,
who has cone crazy since theu from a sun
stroke durine the Grand Army parade at
WatsoDVille about live years ago.
"The last time I saw Kelly was nearly
three years ago. He was a regular habitue
of a saloon on MarKet street, near Mc-
Allister.
• — ♦ — •
City Guard Club
The members of the old City Guard, in order
to preserve old memories and meet together
occasionally, have organized as the City
Guard Club, and will this evening celebrate
the forty-second anniversary ol the organiza
tion of the old company. The celebration wl]
take the form of an entertainment End ban
quet in the hall adjoining the clubrooms at
1327 Market street.
• — ♦ — •
South San Francinco Srhool.
Following is a list of the graduates of the
South San Francisco School: Anna J. Ander
sen. Lillie Garbarino, Josephine Moloney,
Julia R. Regan, Annie C. Sweeney, Florence
Wunseh, Willie Barcilles, Josephine Godfrey,
Margaret Purcell, Mary Roche, Annie Sulli
van, James Burke, Martin Flaherty, Maude V.
Jones, Eleanor I'eeruillan, Lizzie Kiordan,
Cerita Utecht, William Canbu, John Man
ning.
• — ♦ — ■»
A metal-workers' magazine says that
platinum wires have been drawn so fine
that two of them twisted together could
be inserted in the hollow o! a human hair.
For those away from home
\we offer perfected facilities
I for prompt shipment of mail
orders. Little orders shipped
quicker than big ones and
just as cheerfully. Free,
j illustrated catalogue to order
from. Mail orders entitled
jto these prices if posted
j during the three days.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
j Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
j Pine-apple tin 15c
regularly 20c.
Whole, 3-lb tin; sliced, 2-lb tin;
arrived this week from Singapore.
Yawl Club sardines.. tin 1 15c
regularly 20c.
French, boneless, good oil, good
fish: the best tish for the money
we ever sold.
; Keiller's orange marmalade
■ '. 2 jars 35c
regularly 25c.
Made from Seville oranges at Dun-
dee, Scotland. You know the
goods.
: Corn and succotash., tin 122 C
regularly 3 tins 50c.
Both packed in Maine, where the
best corn f>jr canning is raised.
Only selected, young, fresh ears
used; that's why these cost more
than ordinary corn canned after
the crop is older and more plenti-
ful.
Moth balls • 3 lbs 25c
regularly 10c.
You can't afford to let clothes be
ruined by moths when an absolute
preventive costs so little.
I
j Seafoam soap doz 45c
regularly 50c.
Made by Johanna Marie Farina,
Cologne, Germany. Floats, light
as a feather; makes plenty of
lather.
Maatjes Herrings
A limited quantity just arrived.
This year's pickings fresh,
fragrant Japan teas now in ;
a treat for refined palates.
YALE UNIVERSITY.
I' jiXAMIN'ATIONS FOR ADMISSION TO THE
J\i freshman classes in Yale College and the Shef-
I field Scientific School will be held i" the Urban
School, 21"-! California s;r it. beginning on
THURSDAY, June 25, at 9 A. M.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION i|
SUNBURN